« * - i
'\7 ' '" , ‘''-At." ' '■ ' ^ /; '/'■'‘J' ” ‘ '' ' >
MERRY-GO-ROUND Comments On Coal Strike
Established 1889
xfionem 9 Yea
The Pifrdue El^pNEMNttlt will be published oh fhiedays, Thursdays and Saturdays thron^out the amnmer term. Snhseriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office Of at the West Desk of the Union at $Ut5
Vdjuiine 56, No. 3
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May 4, 1943 a semester.
fkponenf Issues Call Wriaht Field Girls Will Startwrn Meet For Summer Workers ... i D J* T J Campus A^onday Thursday Afternoon WflT CldSS6S If! RdCilO lOClflyFor Two-Day Session
Editors Guarantee Cool, Pleasant Working Place In Union's Sub'Basement By Peggy Steffes Coeds are urged by Exponent editors to attend the paper’s callout for summer semester workers, freshmen, sophomores and juniors alike, when it is held next Thursday at 4 p. m. at the Exponent offices in the basement of the Union. Any coed who has written for her high school yearbook or newspaper, or who has done no more wi’iting than a simple English theme, has a special invitation to come down to the cool climes of the Exponent office day after tomorrow. "The paper will welcome any junior eds or coeds interested in getting practical experience in the advertising, business, or journalism fields before they leave school stated Bob Boswinkle, Editor-in-
Chief.
Three Times A Week During the summer season, the Exponent will be published every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, so the various staffs will work on Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoons. Writing stories, working on make-up, drawing ads and interviewing people are among the many jobs which must be done before the Exponent finally reaches the campus the next day. It is callhd to the attention of prospective workers that many former editors of the paper had npVer written any newspaper stories before coming to the University, since pi’evious experience is not necessary to work on the Exponent. I Following Thursday’s call-out meeting, a semi-weekly journalism school will be held to instruct the workers in the policies and methods of the paper. Odell To Lead Peace Problem Discussion At Meeting Tonight starting the summer semester with a forum discussion of “Democi*acy and Force”, the International Relations Club will meet tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the lounge of the University Presbyterian Church at North and Grant Streets. Mary Odell will be chairman. This topic of “Democracy and Force” is of vital importance to the current peace discussions. Why do we need an international police force? When are we to get it? How will it be constructed? Where will it operate? Who will compose it, finance it, be governed by it, and also profit by it? These arc all questions that students are beginning to ask. Authorities do not agree. Therefore/ we must blunder into the answer from our own reading’ and in our own discussions. If you are looking for these answers, attend the IRC meeting tonight. Ctirnegie Endowment 'The IRC is sponsored by the Carnegie Endownment for International Peace. Chapters are located in most of the important colleges and universities of the country. The purpose of the IRC is to enable students to evaluate the facts that arc received from popular publications, radio commentators and political science courses. The Carnegie Endowment generously furnishes each club with a steadily growing library of publications. This library is open not only to members, but also to interested groups and individuals. At present the University chapter’s library is located in Prof. C. Lanezos’ office in the Aero Engineering building.
Sfudenf Assembly To Sponsor Conference Sponsors Present Screen Reviews To Determine Method Of Student War Aid Course Regularly On Thursday Afternoons
Will Elect Officers; / Formulate Pblicites A national conference is being he.ld under the sponorship of the United States Student Assembly in New Yoi'k on May 7, 8, and 9 which is to determine how American students can best aid in the war effort. The purpose of this meeting is to formulate the policies of the organization and to elect it’s officers for the coming year. The basis of the organization is to train American youth for constructive citizenship. The mam role is to present problems, stimulate study and create action. It is expected that American youth will have an important role to play in post-war problems and the reconstruction period. Various Problems Discussions at the conference will revolve around United States foreign policy as exemplified by our state department’s activities in North Africa and our relation with the Soviet Union. Domestic problems of race relations in the United States. The International Student Assembly which was held in Washington was historic. For the first time, accredited representatives of the young people of fifty-six nations met to discuss their mutual problems in time of war, and to express their united determination to fight on to the complete rout of fascism. Silimar Conference Representatives had flown the oceans from Great Britain, China, and the Soviet Union. Young people who had escaped the Japanese in the Netherlands East Indies and the Germans on the European continent came. Boys were there who at twenty-two and twenty-three were already hardened veterans of combat, holding the highest military honors their countries bestowed. This conference which is scheduled in May is of a similar nature for American youth. Delegates to the confeience are being selected by college groups are representatives of such groups as a college’s War Council, International Relations Club, post-war discussion group, political association or college press. Each college will be allowed three delegates. This conference will bring out the vigorous and unequivocal demand of young people that this war be fought to establish a just and durable and above all, a democratic peace—both at home and abroad.
WAA Will Call For Girl's Today At 4 In Gym Today at 4 p. m. WAA will hold its call-out for the summer season in the Women’s Gym for both prospective and former members. The Curtiss-Wright Cadettes and RCA Victor girls are urged to attend the meeting, for a great variety of sports will be offered this time. The activities in the club will be arranged in different groups about the gym so that members may sign up for all the sports in which they would like to pai’ticipate. P Monogram Baseball, golf, archery, swimming, bicycling, cabin and tennis are a few of the sports being promoted this summer. These activities may be counted toward the participation monogram. Libby Baughman, summer coordinator of WAA, will explain the purpose of the club and outline the goals of this semester at this first meeting. Navy Announces Boys Enlisted lnV-5May Transfer To V-12 Seventeen-yeai'-old boys who are accepted for Navy Air Force pilot training may be enrolled in the Navy’s new V-12 program before starting their aviation training, it has been announced by the Navy Aviation Cadet Selection Board at Chicago. According to present arrangements, those enlisted now as apprentice seamen in the Navy’s aviation or V-5 program will be eligible to apply for temporary transfer to V-12. Applications will be passed by the regular V-12 civilian examining board. Those accepted will continue as apprentice seamen during their college courses of approximately eight months’ duration. Then they will be transferfed back to V-5 as aviation cadets and given the full pilot training course. This course includes assignment to Flight Preparatory, War Training Service, Pre-Flight, Primary Flight and Advanced Flight schools before receiving a commission as ensign and the Navy Wings.
Trainees To Serve Army Signal Corps Sixty young women begin their studies in the intricate sdence of radio engineering today with the opening of the nineteenth training school of the Wright Field Aircraft Radio Laboratory, Dayton, Ohio. Two University coeds, Mary O’Dell and Glorianne Sivyer, are enrolled in the course. The new war training program, sponsored by the University for Wright Field, was instituted Several months ago to train womqn as technical engineering assistantl*^o fill in vacancies left by men called to the armed forces. Many Candidates Engineer trainees are selected from a large list of candidates having college training! and the sixty trainees represent towns all over the Middlewest. They will serve in the Aircraft Radio Signal Corps when they have completed a 24 weeks’ intensive training period. The first eight weeks’ training consists of algebra, slide rule, materials of engineering, drafting, .shop practice, electrical laboratory, and supervised study problems. After that, the under-engineer trainees will study trigonometry, electronics, piinciples of alternating currents, elementary communication and radio, alternating- current and electronics laboratory, shop practice and supervised study problems and consultations. Final eight weeks will consist of DC and AC machinery, radio principles, antenna and wave propagation, electrical transmission, radio servicing, measuring devices, radio laboratory, inspection and supervised study. Professor C. W. Caldwell, of the Electrical Engineering Department, will be in charge of the Wi-ight Field trainee program assisted by a staff of electrical and radio engineering instructors. Registration and orientation activities were in charge of C. M. Backer, director of civilian tiaining for the Wright Field Radio Laboratoiy and a graduate of the University, Captain M. F. Thorpe, Of the U. S. Army Signal Corps, and Lee Pigage of the University Office of War Training. All Students Book Exchange is now paying for books. All money must be collected by Wednesday, May 12. —GEE
PI A Will Hold Call-Out At K Tomorrow
P. I. A. will hold a worker’s callout Wednesday evening at which time those members who are interested in taking part in the P. I. A. organization are urged to present themselves. The callout will be held at the P. I. A. office, second floor of the Union, at 7:30 p. in. As in the past, workers who show interest and application will be awarded keys and will be given future consideration for Board positions. Accept Petitions At this time also, petitions will be accepted for War chairmanships. Seven P. I. A. members will be chosen to represent the various camjius wards, and to serve on the board in that capacity. Petitions will be accepted until 4 p. m. Monday, May 10, at which time the applicants should present themselves before the Board for selection. The only requirement for these positions is membership in the organization. Mundel Presents Farm Simplification Paper Before ASME Marvin Mundel, Asst. Professor of industrial engineering at the University, presented a paper on farm work simplication at the annual Spring meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, meeting recently in Davenport, Iowa. The farm work simplication project has been organized at Purdue University in order to develop for agriculture some of the principles of motion and time study which have been of great value to industry. The project was started at this time to help meet the critical farm labor shortage. Nationwide Work The motion and time study labatory under Prof. Mundel, has been training agriculturists from the Universities of Colorado, Nebraska, Wisconsin, Illinois, Florida, Ken(See MUNDELL, page 4)
Prof. DeKay To Attend Codettes Start Careers}
Face 44 Weeks Of Training
Pharmacists Meeting Professor H. G. DcKay on the staff of the School of Pharmacy will attend the meeting of the TriState Hospital Assembly at the Palmer House in Chicago tomorrow. As chairman of the Hospital Pharmacists Section of the Assembly, Prof. DcKay will preside over each of its meetings. The TiiState Assembly is meeting for its is sponored by the Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin Hospital
Associations.
Ru/fe Jenkins
... ’40 University graduate, has completed his training at the Marine Corps Reserve Officers’ Scliool at Quantico, Va. Rolfe was a Sports Editor of the Exponent as well as a member of Iron Key,
William G. Fullerton Reamer Club, and the Independent
Association at the University.
. . . University graduate and also r> u i • i , , nr..., m , , Rolle has been commissioned a
a graiidate oi Lindbloom Tech, has
accepted a position as junior engi- Lieutenant after bein^' in npor with the Curtiss-Wright Marine Corps since November
Corp,, Columbus, Ohio. ” 1941,
By Carolyn Wilbur RCA girls, 86 of them, caused WRH South to again reverberate with life after two weeks of vacancy as the cadettes began moving in Saturday, Those new cadettes were very excited and somewhat awed by thennew surioundings as was noted by a New Yorker who replied when queried as to how she liked the University, “Gee, I think its swell . . . and the West is so different from New York City. There is so much beautiful empty space; I don’t see why some of the folks in the conjested East don’t migrate to the West.” She||l’asscd It Another from Texas in relating her story as to how she became an RCA cadette simply stated, “I took the test without the slightest idea I’d pass it, but hero I am, an employee of RCA in the course of two weeks . . . and the University, it isn’t at all as I pictured, but I love it.” Miss Talmadge, general overseer of the gioup, stated that first impressions were favorable and that
the University has done a wonderful job in aiding RCA and the new cadettes in their role here. Two From Hollywood The gills hail from nineteen different states, two of the prospective radio engineers being from Hollywood. These girls most of whom are 18-20 years of age have completed at least one year of college and were accepted by RCA after interviews and mental examinations. Sunday morning the cadettes were really oriented to University life by taking physical examinations at which time they donned the characteristic angel robes which produced the same reaction common to all angel robe wearers. Doc Miller?? During the physicals they met Dr. Miller who put many of them at ease or ill-at-ease by informing them that he is planning on writing a book on camouflage and that the first chapter would deal with “women and the gullible male.” One cadette experienced something quite unusual when she con-
denscended to act as Dr. j|4iller’s guinea pig while he painted her legs with a new “tint tincture” and then placed the data in his files . . . yes, the results were that of sheer
hose.
Destructive Another gal when asked if she planned on building model radios such as the Curtiss Wright build model airplanes replied, “No, not exactly, but we plan to take radios apart and perhaps at the end of our 44 weeks training we will be able to put them together again. Twenty-three of the group are from the siijc RCA companies in the United States. The cadettes upon completing the course will be sent to RCA plants as engineering aides. Use Opportunities Mr. Kirpatrick, head of the RCA division of personnel planning and research, is on campus ahd spoke to the girls Sunday evening. It is his hope that the girls will display their utmost intelligience and hard work and will make the most of their opportunities offered them by RCA and the University.
First Performance Will Begin At 3 Screen Reviews, a i-egular weekly moving picture feature, presented for the students in the Hall of Music, will be shown for the second time this semester Thursday afternoon at 3 p. m. according to an announcement by Mrs. C. H. Wahn, secretary to the Radio station manager. Started some years ' ago as a weekly entertainment feature for the entire student body, screen reviews have been attended by a large number of students at each regular performance. Features Fashioned after programs put on by regular news theaters, the list of movies shown each Thursday includes a news, band feature, comedy cartoon, and other short subjects. Admission for all students is by passport only, and two shows are offered between three and six p. m. every Thursday afternoon. Approximately half of the shorts are presented three times so that an opportunity is offered for students to come as lato as 4:30 to see a complete show. Fantasia Highlight of last semester’s programs was a presentation of Walt Disney’s feature length cartoon “Fantasia” which attracted a large number of students. No announcement has been made concerning the program for this semester, however a statement by Mrs. Wahl indicated that the number of students attending Thursday warranted the continu-
ance.
Bachman Will Speak To AlCHE NextWed. AIChE will hold a meeting Wednesday, May 12, at 7:30 p. m. in the Physics lecture hall. Dr. Carl Bachman will be the main speaker of the evening. Dr. Bachman is going to speak on phosphoric acid and phosphorous compounds. He is assistant director of research at the Commercial Solvents Coi’poration of Terre Haute. Dr. Bachman received his Ph.D. in chemical engineering at John Hopkins University. Lantern slides and moving pictures are going to be shown in connection with the lecture by Dr. Bachman. WBAA Broadcasts Daily Farm Series On Ag Activities Station WBAA is broadcasting a series of farm programs this month, Monday through Friday at 12:00 noon from the Agrictultural Experiment Station. The topic for today will be interviews on Agricultural Extension Activities in Tippecanoe County. Wednesday, R. 0. Cole will give a talk entitled “Take Time to Get on the Level,” and W. B. Ward will discuss “Planting and Care of Tomatoes in the Home Garden.” Suggestions Thursday, R. H. Bauman will tell radio listeners, “What the 1942 Farm Record Books Show,” and G. E. Lehker will give “Suggestions for Insect Control in the Home Orchard.” Friday, E. A. Gannon will present “Labor-Saving Ideas for Dairymen,” and J. W. Schwab will talk on the topic “When Hot Weather Comes to the Hog.”
Paul L. Brink . . . a.graduate of the University, has accepted a position as a junior engineer in the Research Laboration at Buffalo, N. Y. The staff of which he is a member produced the famous Warhawk and C-46 Com-
mando.
Dr. RoyCookrAmerian Pharmacy Association President, To Speak On Monday and Tuesday, May 10 and 11, the thirteenth annual Pharmacy conference will be held at the University. Numerous scientific, educational, professional and business problems which confront pharmacy in wartime will be discussed. Several Speakers Among the principal speakers who will speak at the conference are Dr. Roy Bird Cook, President of the American Pharmaceutical Association; Frank A. Delgado, Washington, D. C., head. Drugs and Pine Chemicals section of the office of Price Administration; Stephen Badanish, Gary, President of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association; P. H. Costello, Chicago, Secretary of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy; E. N. Beesley, Indianapolis, Manager Trade Relations of Eli Walker and Company; Charles R. Bohrer, Washington, D. C., President of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy and Assistant Secretary of the A. Ph. A.; Henry W. Heine, of- the University, on leave in Washington, with the War Production Board; Herbert Gerding, Fort Wayne, retail pharmacist. Varied Topics The program of the two-day conference will be devoted to varied topics including the reduction of store hours, inventory controls, priorities, price regulation, shipping restrictions, curtailed services, stock shortages, state and national problems of the licensing boards and pharmaceutical associations, and new developments in the vitamin and sulfa drugs. Dining the meeting the Indiana Phanna'eeutical Association will hold a half day business conference. The annual dinner will be held on Monday night followed by entertainment by the University Musical Organizations. Playshop Calls For Technical Crew Members At four this afternoon, Playshop will hold its summer call-outs m the Fowler Hall for seven technical crews according to an announcement made last night by Art Barab, Playshop’s personnel manager. This is a chance for all students, including special engineering cadettes to apply their technical knowledge and have recreation at the same time, said Barab in making the announcement. All the crews are under the supervision of Betty Gray, Playshop’s stage-man-
ager.
Set Designing The painting crew will take care of the set’s decoration, giving an opportunity to apply creative ability in designing the set for the forthcoming production of “Claudia” to prospective members. Members of the properties crew are responsible for obtatntiig the furniture and all the knick-nacks necessary for a complete pr^uc-
tion.
Sound effects crew has to provide all the off-stage noises. Some of these are recorded; others require a person’s ingenuity. Hundreds of dollars worth of electrical equipment, both automatic and hand-operated must be kept in functioning order by the lighting
crew.
Makeup Work Make-up crew goes to work during the last week of rehearsals. One of the most interesting characters for make-up in the “Claudia”' production will be Fritz, the hired man when it will be necessary to change a college fellow into e convincing old man. One of the most important |unctions of the carpentry comntlt^ is to build the set, includih^' ifiats, stairs, platforms, exits aJ^d (See PbAYSHOP» „m if I 'S
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, May 4, 1943
Purdue Exponent
OHtces Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Hon^rar} Editor William C Hoskins Honorary Editor Dale E Butr Hotidrar} BtiOineaa Manager Gerhard H Klouman
With the Colors
Edit<$r Business Manaycr News Editor Managing Editor Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor
Robert W Boswinkle James G Pett> fiallv JOyrnll Donald I Brewer A tanc Keim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Strft Associaie Editors H B AlIett G C Mart n 1 11 E E Mir phy W H TvSrm W L Vermilion C T Wilbui Coed Staff* Rith Ford Madelyn Gr tnib katherii e Howes Sports Staff R M Lipes R J Si nth t E Sowards S A Watson
Business Staff Assistant Advrerhsing Manager C L Gaunt L^out Director J B Tabb CircuiUation Manajrer R G Sauerman Acco!bntB Managrer Mary Dills
Editor in-tThiof
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue
Niffht Editor Murphy Day Editor Grotnes Reporters St fCes Tucsb rp Geor^cson
Issue Editor Wilbur Sports Editor Sowards G'irrt.lt Hammel Baines
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay atte Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 18 9 atrd at the spec al rate of postage provided for in section 1103 atit of October 3 191 autl onzed January 20 1922 Published on Tuesday TH r'^dav and Sat irday mornings dur ang tJie year Del vered locally bj carrier for $1 2 for a semester bv ma 1 for $1 CO for a semester Rapresfsnted for national advert sing by National Advertis ing Ser^ce Inc College P blishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Our Flag.
Loafing ? ?. . . “There will be no loafeis at Puidue” was Professor Hockema’s woids as he began plans foi the Naval Reseivists’ eight weeks’ couise There was a iipple of lesentment ovei Hockema’s action because it was generally thought that if the eight weeks’ couise had not been planned the Resei\ists would not have had to enioll in the Univeisity ihis,. semester The student s failure to register in an in stitution in which he was legistered last se mester and which is offeiing couises which will terminate befoie July 1 it was thought would result m his being called into acti\e dutj as an appi entice seaman immediately The Umveisitj had no such courses until Hockema got the ball to i oiling Tiuth of the mattei is it was learned yes terday, that the Na\al ReseiMsts who failed to legistei foi couises this seinestei will not be called immediatelj Those students that continue in school will be called neai July 1 Only disadi antage to those who take the i a cation wall be that thej might not have the choice of Puidue as the school at which they will continue then education, and not regis tenngin the special couise being offeied is an indication to the Na\j that perhaps the stu dent doesn’t want an education \ eij bad It IS difficult to see why anybody believes he has a right for a vacation light now A speech by President Roose\ elt oi Captain Eddie Rickenback should convince eveiybody of the necessity to be on the job eveiy day If the resentment was over the fact that other Universities aie not holding special classes and are allowing their Naval Reserve students to go home without even a guilty conscience, then instead of lesentment for Puidue theie should be lauiels foi Purdue, as many times before, Puidue is setting the pace —r w b
We see \ia Time magazine that The Stars and Stripes of London the official newspapei of the U S Aimy in Einope, that the army boys are lather lesentful with the nioiies many of which show ‘ oui beautiful flag flying pioudly in ^he bieeze every thud scene’ They claim it IS cheap and is done by the diiectois to create applause wheie theie might be even hoo« without the flag We shaie that opinion Nothing IS quite so disgusting to people who do any amount of thinking at all to see the flag splashed on the scieen accompanied by a splattered buist of applause and a lew shiill whistles which is supposed to indicate boundless patriotism foi the flag and foi the the countiy It is disgusting to think that the men who diiect pictures would stoop to such a lov tuck for applause it is with the people who tall foi the tuck howevei that most of the disgust IS aimed Theie used to be little chills go up Amen cans’ veitebra when thej saw the flag We dare say the chills will soon he gone toievei it the flag IS not, gieeted by moie ot a debonaii and Icsol a \ lolent ieeeption Personally oui feelings lor Old Oloi j and what she stands foi are too jjatiiotie to allow us to cncouiage its unethical display on the sciecn by applause —r w h
Oniirthud tcwci umhiclias Mill bt manufatUued ntkt yeai thv Wai Piodutlion Boaid aniiouiKcd ic cei^ly, and the umbjcllis that ait jnoduced will he unifoini in sue, shape and veifeht
nte mSUMTOH Tm U S PaI 0< Merry-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Role Of Personalities Bn Coal Crisis Negotiations Revealed; Madame Perkins, Davis Clash WASHINGTON—What most people don t leahze about the coal ciisis is that dining the one month of long drawn out negotiations in New Yoik theie wasn t any negotiating at ill Actually the mine opeiators made no pioposals or counter offers to John L Lewis Foi one solid month thfey sat in effect telling Lewis You may not like it John but this time you have to go before the War Labor Board ’ The Wai Laboi Boaid was the last body the big niinei wanted to appeal befoie There weie seveial leasons First some of the laboi membeis of the Boaid aie old pelsonal enemies of his Second he has stiongly suspected Will Davis WLB chan man and public membei Wayne Moise of the Univeisity of Oregon of being out to get him Finally he knew tint ex Senatoi Ed Buike of Nebiaska attoiney foi the Southern opeiatois was a bittei foe of FDR s and was suspected lightly oi wiongly of wanting a sliike Many of the opeiatois individually weie quite willing to giant some conces sions to the United Mine Woikers but as a gioup they figured it was good strategy to sit tight and pass the buck on to Lewis old enemies on the Wai Laboi Boaid • Roosevelt Telegram Thus ptisonalities- not excluding the old bittei enmity between Lewis and Roosevelt personally— played the most important role backstage m bunging on the coal crisis Possibly the mine operators might not have been so lecalcitiant if they had not leceived a tip at the veiy stait of negotiations i month ago that the dis pute would be sent to the War I abor Board anywaj This tip enme in the foim of a telegiam from the President himself to both sides urging a speedy peaceful settlement and warning that the War Laboi Board would be called in if necessaiy When Secretary of Laboi Perkins read this tele giam she immediately saw the implications and blew up It was bad strategy she felt foi the President to intervene so early in the dispute Al^ she kneu the opeiators uould take this as the tip off to stage a sit down until the dispute could be leferred on to the Wai Labor Boaid So calling ill WLB Chau man Will Davis the man tiedited with diafting the telegiam she lost no time conveying hei feelings Youve put the boss on the spot she accused Dims You should 1 now bettei than to get him mixed up in this ii„ht now The time foi him to step m is aftei all otliei avenues have failed—not befoie Fixing Davis w ith a ciitical eye she added Will youie too excited ovei this case Davis counteied that this w is war time and it was necessary to bung all possible prcssuie on both Lewis and the operators foi a quick stlllemtnt without let tiiig the ease diag on for weeks He added that Lewis should not be given special tieatment but handled like anv other laboi leader Yes vou say vou tieat him like othei labor leaders but vou don t shot b ick Miss Perkins louie al ways putting him on i pcacstal singling him out as a special figure This telegiam pioves it ® Davis irked Tiled by tlie needling Divis leplied That s not tiue I have only one thought in mind I want to save ny countiy fiom i seiious stiile Well li you mean that you iie piocecding in the wiong way lesponded Miss Pei kins The WLB chiiinan thalltnged this but Madame Secietaiy closed the aigumcit Foiget it Will she s iid This is i battle of neives and John L Lewis ocems to have got youi
goat
Meantime in New York the negotiations between Lewis ind the coal operatois weie getting nowhere fast Ihe operators had interpieted the Piesidcnts telegram to mean he would have no objections il the case went to the Wai Labor Boaid and tlicy were “ standing pat hoping for this development They felt sure that by its past precedents the Boaid would ic luse V age mere ises llie President theicloic sent a memoi induin to Secietary Pcikins stating tint he understood the negotiations m New Yoik were deadlocked and sug gestiiig that she send John R Steelman to New York to use his good offices in an attempt to settle this dispute through the oideilv processes of collective bai gaming • Steelman Takes A Hand Ihits how Steelni'iii chiei oi the Laboi Dcpait ment s Conciliation Seivice cnleied the v\age nego tiations as the Piesidents peisonal lepieseiit itive Steclniin a ciacl concilntoi with many iboited stiikes to his ciedit announced that it was his aim to leich 1 settlement winch would adheie to the Picsidonts uiti infl ilion ind w igc stibilizition ] im ciples This caused ai othci bickstige flue up Davis aid his LB colic igues v\cie all iid the public and the nunc negotiatoib would get the idc v that Stecln in was icpiescnling the Wai L iboi Boaid So i WI B delegation called on Miss Pei kins ind gave hci this iltimutum Unless she issued in mimediate piess iclease cleiily statu g th it Steelman was lepiesent ing only the Laboi Depiitmcnt not the Wai Laboi Bo ud the Bo ud would 1 ike the mine case out of the Laboi Dcpailiients hands Does ihi.) mean joii uc not in lavoi ol having this dispute settled by eollcetive baig uning without le couise to y oin loiuU Miss Peil ins mquiied hotly Y LL membeis issuied hei this was not the c ise but that they wai ted to leel liee to disappiove any igicement made by Mi Steelman il it was not with in the Bonds Little Steel foimula They said it would be diflieuli loi them to do so it euiient impies sions about his status (is the Piesidents peisonal ic] lesentative ) weie illowed to continue In the end Mad unc Sctieluj backed down She issued a piess iclease stating that lolm Steelman was leturnmg to New Yoik to eontinue the negotiations hut IS the lepieseiitatne ol the I abor Department Ihus eontmued the set siw ot peisonal jealousies inoit ol them mspiitd b\ the b isie laet that the lute House m tead ol appointing a stiong Seeretaiy ol I ibor h IS taken away most ol Miss Pei km s poweis eieating othei mdependent laboi agencies which tune (ion hoinetmits m eonfliet with the I aboi Depaitment 0\er this ma/t ol laboi igeiieies theie is no authoiity except the oitiwoiked Piesideiil lumsilt
The Ratio
3.85 ... to 1 We offet heaitiest condolences to all youse guys and gals (you two who read this column) of the summer school crew Much to ihe consternation of ye olde snoopey, dere’s nuttin’ doing’, leally nuttin’, no dances, no shows, no faculty divorces •—they’ie behaving themselves, too, ten nights have gone by in the Blazer, and not a sign of Senior Brenes' The studes are not having their usual affairs What a place' But they say it gets leally torrid down heie as the summer progresses We’ll wait
Tbefollowing aie essentials foi a good date garnered from a general survey of what is left of the men around the campus
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
Night before last John L Lewis decided to put the Piesident’s speech out of the lunning by announcing that he had called off the stiike ±oi fifteen days The President, however, completely ignored Lewis’ earliei announcement and declared the mme leader almost a lebel to the present war effort The mine leader has been defeated and he knows it, blit whether
he will bow graciously to the President’s demand that the miners never stop work again IS anothei matter Lewis has
never been a gracious loser, caibide
Personnel Note^ Companies scheduled to visit the
She doesn’t eat much She’s good looking She doesn’t eat much She’s a good dancei She doesn’t eat much
— G/ui ulue & Carbon Chemicals
but this time he has lost more co,p south Chaileston W Va —
than his own fight, he has lost May J Intel ested 111 ME ChE
the fight of his mineis for a liighei Goodyear liie ^ Rubber Co , Ak pay Ihe miners of “his” union ion Ohio—May 3 and 4 Interested
should wake up and decide that m ME ChE CE EE
they have no place foi a man of his tempei ament and ambitions
HOW TO GET PAT ON FOOD RATIONING, as styled by the Purdue coed We dipped in the grubby palm and dug this out of the contiib box, to which, may it be known, you all have access “It seems Ailme Loesche and Sue Lancaster, second floor, coinei loom of the Alpha Xi Delta establishment, took the Triangle bowling team bowling to repay a little debt (What dire misdoings are these') During the piocess of bowling four games Ailine and Sue did some side betting and Arhne won the laige and voluptuous total of eight sundaes, at the same time losing one (She lost all of them later on) ' Wown in the Sweet Shop somewhat later, Arhne could be seen eagexly sluffing away at the eight sundaes which she had lined up in fiont of her like the Tunisian frontier But it’s this lepoilei’s unhappy duty to ielate the sad tiding that she was not quite able to tackle them all No, when she got down to numbei eight she had taken on such elephantine propoitions as to vairant explosion And so sadly she left the lemaining eighth as they towed hei away to her quaiteis ”
It was a hot time m the old town last week when those two little bombshells fiom Nyao, the Cole sisters, took rooms in an Eianston hotel foi the diuation of the vacation, and just had (See RATIO page 1)
WAAC Advises Women To Enrol! In Services
By Peg Steffes
In hci natty gieen imifoim with gold bais gleaming on the shouldeis Lt Doiothy Galloway of the Women’s Auxihaiy Aimy Coips advised all eligible young women to get into any branch of the seiMce as all aie essential Piesiding at the Arm> Reel lilting Station m the Lafayette Post Office Lt Gal loway said I think the youngei women wfll have to get into the serv ic'^'s and leave then
jobs for the oldei ones who have dependents childien,
etc
Aftei giaduatmgfiom Den ison Unn eisity where she was I mcmbci ol Kipp i K ipp i G unmu Miss G illow-ij eni oiled in the WAACb list August and took hei bisic ti unin,., at 1 oit Des Moines lows lite which she ittended ad mmistiition school ind Officeis Cindiditc School ioi six weds Third Of Quot i Filled riieie uc now 57 000 women m tl c WAACS one thud of then quoli ind laO 000 mole uie wanted by July 1 The Aimy An Coips has isl ed foi ( 00 000
Of mteicst to giils in the Home Economics School is the f ict that ill mess halls it the tiaininq eentei aio iiin by WAACs Mess officeis and dietitians pieside the mess sei Seants me diiectois ind the giils who cook get expeiience valuable foi institution vvoik The meals lie wondeiful said Lt Galloway Sectioned aluminum food tiays like those shown in magazine ads foi Aimy ind Navj meals aie used it the mess halls because they iie easy to keep clean The staff feeds 3 000 a d ly m one mess h ill at Des Monies Theie is a special school
foi cool s ind b il eis
Altei the wai the gnls will have learned new ti ules and jobs and
XXX Geneial MacArthui seems to have some definite facts to back up his belief that the military bal ance in the south Pacific has gotten out of hand and has gone over to the Japs side The large raid by the Japs on Darwin was an example of the Jap superority in that theater The Americans also suf fered high losses which may mean that the Japs have got first run fliers back in that area The men of Washington that have the authoi ity to send the planes and other supplies necessaiy to stop any Jap action have however begiui to wake up and are planuing to send the supplies that MaeYithui has been calling foi XXX Geneial Gii lud has piedicted that the fighting in Tunisia will come to an end sometime this month This could not be called a long lingo piediction because it IS beginning to show possibilities of happening beloie the icquiied month IS ovei The victoiy will not bo easy ind the losses will be the heaviest that has yet been suf feied by the Aiiiei leans but if the Ameiican officeis aie willing to suffei the heavy losses foi a quick defeat they aie suie to be ic vvaided in the long lun XXX Wendell Willkie is a good voice to have around in the pieseiit con fliet ovei the futuie course of do mestic and foieign lelitions but sometimes it is best to hold your file until you are suic vou can do no harm to relations betw een dif seems to be lacking in and no amount of peisuision can stop him Irom sometimes opening his mouth it the wiong time Ihis might be a leading faetoi in any future hopes he has for the highest oflice of the
land
Boeing Aircraft Co, Seattle Wash—May 3 and 4 Ipteiested
in ME AE EE CE
The Monarch Machine Tool Co, Sidney Ohio—Intelested in ME not eligible to chaft Sign m Peisonnel Office by Satuiday May 8 McDonnell Aircraft Corpoiation, St Louis Mo—Intel ested in Engl neeis Sign m Peisonnel Office by Satuiday May 8 The Elective Sprayjt Co Sheboy gin Wis—Intel ested in ME EE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Tuesday,
May 11
Baibei Colman Co Rockford 111 —Intel ested in EE physici&ts PiacemenS' Notes For Women Atl uitic Refining Comp iny Phil ulelphia Pa has openings foi summei vvoik in cheniistiy Any gills inteicsted phone 2955 at once
Gal Scouts announce a ‘}i500 oi $1000 schol 11 ship to a w oman intei ested in woil mg on hei mastei s dogiee and who does hei field woik in the Gill Scout office Anyone in tei ested should cill Placement Seivice foi Women 295^ at once toi fuithei infoimation and details Buy War Bonds
Ovei sc i the WAACS do the same ^e spcci ilists in then field Lt woil s hcie—id lunisti it on typ Gillowaj stiessed the impoitince ibts u 1 stei o„i ij heib diiveis foi ladio aid photoguiphic tiaming com 11 aid ud oHieeis eais tiucks ^ tl at leconsti action in Eu in 1 jeejs Ihc Amy attempts to ind the finding of jobs toi le pi ee gal \ hcie they hive had tianmg men will both bo big jobs expeiieice befoie it ilso ti ans competent women vvhe i vietoiy
them in i ulic woil pu lehiite lold ouis
11,, sign il coils will plKto,,ia])h dcveloiimg I tl o s i d ctl e jobs tl it del 1 1 I ct 1 1) 11 ng
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNER'S CLASS WED , MAY 5, 7 00 P M ADVANCED CLASS THURS ,MAY6,7 00 P M PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferry
mmwmm TODAY and TOMORROW -THRILLINGr
BEYOND WORDS!
11 will move you more deeply thon ony drama of peace or war I
LUNA TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE HOIROR SHOW
Buy War Bonds MARI TODAY and TOMORROW
KICK UP YOUR HEELS I AND HOWL! The horse laughs are running wild'
TODAY and TOMORROW Two First Run Shockers The Most Fearful Monster That Every Stalk the Screen'
PLUS MARKED FOR DOOM' Three Desperate People Caught in a Trap of Death' TOWER OF TERROR — with — MOVITA WILFRID LAWSON
— COMING — WORLD PREMIERE SHOWING "THIS LAND IS MINE"
ARC TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY Ace of the Western Stars
with SIR CiDRIC IIARDWICKE HENRY TRAVERS LEE) COBB DORRIS BOWOON MAR8ARET WYGHERLY WILLIAM POST Ir
riTHWl
«0T! Ws.OU eesTiiu Grace McDonald Cecil KELIAWAY Eugene PALIETTE Patsy 0 CONNOR I Richard LANE and Leighton NOBLE and His Orchestra
— ADDED — CARTOON AND VICTORY FILM
Atjf? i
* Tuesday^ May 4^ 1943
Boilermaker Sports
' -'mi Paf^S
’'v 41'' i ' ■%%•
«>%»»<inii»„
fEHlVt^'S {^AmcMdmIn fXcl rtEXvY SCHEDULE THIS WEEK
LaBk^E'S TENNtS SQI^kb kkEPARES f^R WEEK END TRH>
Rivetei’ Baseball Squad Meets Wabash Today
Riveter Tennis Squad Engages lllini, Indiana Two conference meets are on schedule for the Boilermaker tennis team for this coming week end. On Friday afternoon, Coach Larry LaBree’s proteges will be at Champaign where they will face the University of Illinois squad, and on Saturday afternoon they will be host to Indiana’s net team. The meet with Indiana is scheduled to start at about 2:30 p. m., and will be played on the varsity courts - ' north of the Fieldhouse. and GifFoid are listed as the numAfpnrdiTio- tn rnarh T.aBvpp Laskm and Voth According to Uoacn J^aJrJree, number two team. It is still only one veteran of last year s doubtful as to whether ail of these squad is back to bolster the men will be m school at the end of present squad. The other men the week, as several of them are in have all been lost either by gradiia- the Enlisted Reserve Corps, but tion or to the armed forces. The re- Coach LaBree stated that he has turning veteran is Ed Wells, who sufficient material to fill up a cerplayed in the number four spot on tain amount of gapping that might
last year’s team. In addition. Wells occur.
has made a name for himself on the The two meets this week end eonsquash courts under the tutelage of elude the schedule for this season. Coach Clevitt. with the exception of the Conference Wells Plays Number One ^^oot to be held April 13, 14 and 15 . , , j i^t Northwestern. In seasons gone
A tentative lineup for the two meets has been drawn by Coach LaBree with Wells in the number
one spot. In the number two posi- , , , .
,. . _ , 1 j ivT 4. down such planning and the Rivet-
tion IS Gordon Gifford, and Nate ,, ,
T 1 ■ ■ V 4. 7 V, XU eis were only able to draw up a
Laskm is listed as number three.
T 7 • u • X x7 £ u 7 three-meet program, foi tins year. Laskm has just recently finished i t, , j
spring drill with the football team,
and has had barely suffici|ent time Dr. H. H. Remmers
to work into top tennis form.
Howard Voth will play in the • • • director of the University number folir position, followed by division of educational reference. Bill Easley in numbei five and for Washington, Frank Brandel in the number six ^ ^ ^ „ , ,, D. 0., to attend a conference of icposition. There are several other " men out for the squad who are li- directors of qualifying tests able to displace these men, or who for civilians for the Army anu Navy will take their place if they are college training programs. Dr. caused to leave school. Remmers is director for Indiana, In the doubles pairings, W'ells Illinois and Kentucky.
ir on land ★ on sea ★ in ihe air
Ball Club Looks Plenty Tough
After watching the Boilermaker baseball team come from behind in both games to whip St. Joe m the doubleheader Saturday, we, along with several bundled other Riveter fans, came to the conclusion that Dutch really has something this yeai. ... If he is fortunate enough to keep that team together for the lemainder of the season, this could possibly be Puidue’s yeai foi a cut of that Big Ten diamond title. This veiy probably IS asking too much, howevei, since several of the players are in the ERG. /
► Hurlers Come Through
by, the tennis team did not feel satisfied unless it had scheduled a 15meet program, but the war has cut
The pitching department—one of the chief sore spots on pievious Boileimaker clubs—came through in biilliant style m goth games Saturday. Ed Misselhorn, the smooth working right hander who seems headed for a gieat yeai, had the Pumas eating out of his hand in the fiist game. Ed had fine control throughout m limiting St. Joseph to tour scattered hits. In the second clash, Iiv Claseman and Leftwick, a sailoi stationed here, combined talents to tuin in a neat thiee-hit job m winning by a 3-2 score. ^ Ehlers Drives In WirniiBig Runs Fine base-running and some veiy timely hitting on the pait of the Riveters made them look moie like the St. Loiqs Caids than a college ball club. Trailing 2-1 in the last half of the sixth inning of the first game, the Boileimakcis, with Ed Ehleis in the drivei’s seat, pushed across thiee runs to sew up the ball game. With Stiam and Buighardt ”on base, Ehlers crossed up the opposition by slicing a hit to right field good for thiee bases and two all-important luns. ^ Jennings Does it in Se€©nd Game In the second game it was the slender “rookie” first basemen—Jim Jennings—who came thiough m tiue Fiank Meiiiwell style to give the Riveters their slendei 3-2 victory. With two men down. Bill Buighardt broke the ice with a shaip single to left. . . It wasnt’ a minute later until Bill was seen brushing the dust off of his pants and standing on second base with a stolen base to his cie'dit. Ehlers was passed intentionally. As he came up to bat, Jennings looked as tense as a'candidate for aldeiman making his first political speech. However, Jim met the second pitch squaiely on the nose and dulled a single between the fiisT and second basemen. Seems simple, doesnt’ it? - ^ Miehigan Here This Week End The Riveters go to Wabash tonight, but will be at home this week end to the Michigan Wolveiines, co-champions of the Ccnfeience last season. Games will be played on Fiiday and Saturday afternoons These will be two mighty good games, so if you have time, tiy to get up to the field and see for yourself jTist how tough Fehimg’s ball club is. Don’t foiget youi registration icceipt. If you do, you’ll probably get kicked out, just as we did Saturday.
Everyone stops in the Patronize Exponent Advertisers SWEET SHOP of the Purdue Union for a refreshing iee-cold drink that really hits the spot! All of Uncle Sam’s men find this the place to relax!
JhL
fiuhduSL THsmuftkiL lAmpfL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
St. Joseph Squad Loses Two Games To Boilermakers By taking both ends of the double header from St. Joseph last Saturday afternoon by the scores of 4-2 and 3-2, the Riveter nine completely spoiled what looked like a very enjoyable afternoon for the Pumas. In both contests the Boilermakers rallied in the late innings to pull the game out of the fire. ^ Misselhorn Huids Opener It was the combination of the fine hurling of Ed Misselhorn, the Riveter’s number one pitcher, and the lusty slugging of Ed Ehlers that gave the Boilermakers their first victory. Misselhorn scattered four Puma hits throughout his seven inning stay on the mound, and Ehlers drove two of his teammates home in the sixth inningmargin of victory. Irv Claseman went along nicely until the fourth inning of the second game before he ran into the St. Joseph uprising that netted them two luiis. A walk, a hit and a successful steal at home gave the game, a run that looked for a while that it might mean the margin of victory. Burghardt Tallies In the bottom of the seventh and final innning after two were out. Bill Burghardt, the veteran shortstop, hit a clean single to left field. Remembering the damage that Ehleis had caused in the opener, Sandiick, the St. Joe pitcher, decided to give Ehlers a free trip to first. Jim Jennings, who hit the ball hard all afternoon then came to bat and promptly proceeded to hit shaiply between first and second basfe to send Burghardt across with the winning tally. George Lcftwich, of the Naval Training School, took over the pitching duties for the Boilermakers in the fifth stanza, and faced only 7 nine batters in the last three innings. The scores: First Game St. Joseph 100 001 0—2 4 1 Purdue 100 003 —4 5 2 Batteries: Weznis and Bernhard; Misselhorn and Hesse. Second Game St. Joseph 000 200 0—2 3 2 Purdue 100 001 1—3 9 0
Ed Timm Takes In First Game On Road In a final tuneup for the opening Big Ten series with Michigan on Friday and Saturday, Dutch Fehring’s baseball squad will journey to Crawfordsville today to meet Wabash iffl the first tilt of a home and home series. With the exception of Henry Stram, center fielder, who Is scheduled to report for army duty over the week end'andlias returned to his home in Gary _
IM Schedalw
to arrange his personal affairs. Coach Dutch Fehring intends
to stick to virtually the same - ' '
The first practice rounds of the
^ iratei'nity saftbaxl is sohediuea for with a double-header victory Tuesday evening, May 4, and on over St. Joseph here Saturday. Thursday evening, May 6, at 6:45. Timm To Toss ’Em All games are scheduled to start" at Ed Timm, sophomore right hand- <5:45. Each team will supply one er, is scheduled for the mound du- Suod ball and bat and an un^ire ties, with Ed Misselhorn and Irv for each contest. Tournament to be Claseman in reserve. Jack Martin, a o^’er by July 1. senior out for baseball for the first Get the official scorebodk from the time, IS slated to take over Stram’s Check-out Window before 4 p. m.'the centei field spot. The remainder of day of the game. This book must the squad scheduled to leave here be returned after each game. AH tomorrow noon includes Roger games five innings. Teams sup^y Claseman and Walter Hesse, own officials. Officials selected may catchers; Ed Ehlers, 3b; Bill Burg- be- removed on protest of either hardt, ss; Jack Irmsher, 2b; Jim team captain. K copy of the ndes
Jennings, lb; Aaron Martin, utility; Paul Friend, If; Jack Martin,
cf; Charles Wright, rf. Home Fans Entertained Too
While the traveling squad is meeting Wabash at Crawfordsville, action for the home fans will be
should be at hand for each game. (1) The National Softball rules (revised January, 1936) will be the playing rules for this year, with the following exceptions: A. 12-inch ball will be used. B. Local ground rules: Hly balls
provided on the*Ross-Ade diamond over or through the fence on the at 4:30 o’clock when the remainder even numbered diamonds are good
of the Boilermaker squad will meet foi’ two bases only.
Jefferson high school in an exhibi- C. No bunting allowed, tioii tilt. D. A base-runner may not score The squad that will tackle the fioiii third base on a passed ball. ^ high school nine will include E. Base runners may not leave George Leftwich, Jack Kennedy, their bases until the ball has reached
Charles Scripps, and Sterling the batter.
Keyser, pitchers; Jack Kelly, “Russ” Russell, and Howard Williams, catchei;s; Jerry Jankovic,
F. No metal cleats or spikes al-
lowed on shoes.
(2) If you are not satisfied with
3b; Bill Berberian, ss; Russell Me- the official’s work, borrow someone Cormick, 2b; Dillon Moffatt, lb; from a nearby diamond to fini^ the Roger Beal, If; Tom Burger, cf, and game. All protests must be made in Dick Schmidt, rf. writing to the Intramural Director
within 48 hours.
The ancient Gaels in their trials (3) Be sure to leturn the scoreof strength were wont to throw the book to the Intramural Office immecaber, which if you don’t know, was diately following the game so the a huge pole requiring a real man results may be published in the Exto heft. ponent.
Now the University of Illinois is
reviving its use as one of the activities in a course in military athletics to develop physical fitness for service in the armed forces.
i letter home, even a general Africa recalled happy moments with ice-cold Coca-Cola, There's something about Coca-Cola. Ever notice how you associate it with happy moments? There’s that delicious taste you don’t find this side of Coca-Cola, itself. It’s a chummy drink that people like right-out-of-the-bottle. Yes siiee, the only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola, itself.”
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY
COCA COLA BOTTLINO CO.
6th and Salem Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
Sunshine and Shnwer Pal 3g.98 Our famous Pell Mell Co'at . . . standby for sunny, rainy or wiridy days. Water repellant cotton gaberdine with front zip closing. Powder, aqua, red, natural, rose. Sizes 10 to 20. Other Water Repellent Coats $6.50 to $25.00 Loeb’s Coats 2nd Floor
SOFTBALL PRACTICE SCHEDULE Tuesday, May 4 6:45 P. M. Diamond 1— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 2— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Tri-
angle.
4— Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 5— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Upsilon. 6— Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8— Sigma Chi vs. Acacia. 9— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Beta The-
ta Pi.
10— Delta Tau Delta'vs. Kappa Sigma. 11— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. 12— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. ^ 13— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 14— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 15— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Phi Ep-
silon.
16— Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi.
Atm Arbor, April 28 — Circumstances permittmg, Dick Walterhouse of Ann Arbor may become the hist 10-letter man in University of Michigan athletic history. W’alterhouse, now a freshman, is the first baseman on the Wolverine baseball team this spring and appeals ceitam to win his letter in that spoit. Also during the year he has won freshman numerals in fftqtball and basketball and is a pottfttttial star m both sports. However, Walterhouse is a member of tba Naval Reserve and anticipates being placed on active duty at the end of this semester. Whether he returns to complete his universi^ c^leei lunges upon war developments.
iVfr'>iv^ ^»«'t 4
i.
4
^ I ■* ' ^ ^ if '' I " Purdue Exponent
fff'-'r-n -f^- i'4' -x'i 4f Tuesday, May 4, 1943
Ixtra-Curricular Activities Of Staff Show Many Varied, Unusual Hobbies
everything From Raising Tropical Fish To Knitting, Concerns Profs Bv Katj Howes ^Kmttiiig sock*?, collecting Indian aiio'w heads, laising ti epical fish, repaiiing 125 year old clocks—all these, and many more unusual interests aie included in the “extia-curricular” activities of staff membeis on the University campus Prof J. L Bray, head of chepiical and metallurgical engineering, as one of the moie veisatile faculty members as far as hobbies are concerned Besides knitting socks foi his son and himself (and he’s quite an expert at turning a heel on a sock—just ask any coed how difficult that is), he makes furmtuie, is an expeit photographer, and IS paiticulailv inteiested in
ships
Arroyi heads For nianv \eais Pi of Biav owned a \acht off the coast of Maine and he has an extensive collection of pictuies of old ships in eluding photogiaphs, litliogiaphs and paintings 'One of the most complete collec tions of Indian aiiowheads m the state belongs to Pi of E R Honeywell of the hoiticultuie depait ment w ho owns at least 5 000 ai rowheads man^ of w Inch he has aiianged in cases Studied Piano A professoi who is intei national ly famous in his field of mathema tics and aeionautical engineeiing, Pi of S Lanezos, is also an able musician as he has studied the piano since he was a boy of seven in Hungaiy He feels that music is one of the most impoitant of hob bies since it enables one to foiget the disappointments of life Two men who aie inteiested in tropical fish to the extent of iiiain taining them in theimostaticallv conti oiled acquaiiums and laising the pioper kinds of woiiiis as then food aie piofessois R C Coiley and G B Bachman of the chemistiy depaitment Makes Furniture The dean of the agiicultuie de partiiient, H J Reed goes m foi making fuinituie in a big way foi he has turned out such ai tides as beds, coinei cupboaids iiid chests of draweis Tropical woods espe cially interest him The wai has inteiiupted many of the hobbies Although he is no longer able to spaie the time foi his lose gaidening Pi of W L Ayies, head of the mathematics de paitment foimeily cultivated ovei 300 varieties of loses which won
Former Professor Improves Basic Flight Instruction Terms Piofessoi Eveiett Lowell Kelly, now on leave fiom the Univeisity while solving as a lieutenant com maiidei m the Navy has lUst finished a senes of tests to deteiniine a bettei technique loi basic flight instiuction The tests weie in augeiattd when the Civil Aci oiiaii tics Adminstiation lequested that he develope a batteiy of tests to be used in sdecliiig pilots undei that
tiainiiig piogiam
It was found that a good flyci doesn’t iiccessaiily make a good flight iiistiuctoi In analyzing scoies of instiiictoi pupil convcisa tions while in the an Kdh found that none of the mstiuttioiis might be said to be complete and collect” One loasoii foi this was the use of conflicting tcchnicd toims and the use of too many woids which meant tl ( same thing
New leaching Vocabulaii As a lesult oJ Comiiiaiidei
MIKE GOES rO THE ZOO Mike the Tigei University mas
cot and symbol of ligcib’ fighting spiiit will leave his alma iiiatci Louisiana State Univeisity, dull field home foi the duration and make his home in the New Oi leans Audubon Park zoo Even the tigers
are beginiiiiig to feel the effect of mvestig itions naval flight
iiibtiuetois have now leeeived i
minual which sets loith in ap
the wai —E P—
I RADI I ION\L B VLL Ihe ROTO ball held at the Uni veisity of Kansas featiiies tiadi tions established at the Univeisity in 1920 The evening’s cnteitain iiient consists of ’0 tiaight dances with no encoicb allowed and timed Intel vals between each dance” Traditions can be tiring
proved teaching vocibuliii \lso GO maneuver sheets In vo liccn dc veloped which show the csscnti iK oi each inancLvei m non echmc il language Piolcssoi Kelly adu itcd iioni the Liiiveisity Science School in 1920 leecived Ins Masters Dcgiec at Coloiado State College and oli
at tunes and we imagine this one is tamed his Ph D at Stanfoid J ol
of
no exception
—E P—
\CCOMMOD \TING IIBR VRV The library at the Univeisitv Caliioima offers rental service coupon to the students The rental service t,ives the tudeifls a chance to take out icquiiecl readings ioi lon^ei than two hour pei lods lire system benefits students who are not able to spend tftne in tlie li bi u\ Busy students sometimes puichase as much as V15 worth ol rental service coupons
—L P—
SOKORin I LN( HI ONS A seiics^ot monthly loinid lobin luncheons foi '■oioiitv ^nls is ill be inauguiated at the Univeisity ol Washington Icn gills iioni one soioiitj will be the ^uests oi anoth ei soioiity Tins plan might be sue
cessiully yyoikcd out at the Uni
many blue iibbons and gold medals yeisitv
foi him in shows He has also been a trustee of the Ameiicaii rose so-
ciety
Old Clocks Pi of W E Voglei foimeily di lectoi of the personnel service has had to temporalily abandon his in teiest III old clocks when he ob tamed a leave of absence iioiir the University to serve on the National Defense Research Committee nr New Yoik City In the past hoy\ evei, he has rebuilt several dozen clock, many ovei 125 years old, even making many of the missing parts himself Even 11101 e vaiied hobbies lang ing fioni a valuable collection of piecious stones to an investigation as to what makes Stiadivaiius vio hns the marvelous musical iiistiu ments they aie concern University facultv membeis outside of the laboratory and classroom
Mundell
(Continued fiom page 1) tuckj, Neyy Jeisey Coiirell These men will apply the techniques that they have learned heie to the jiar ticulai piobleins ol then own le gions Motion and tunc study is a scieii tific system loi analyzing wavs ol doing woik to (1) eliminate all uli necessaiv woik (2) piovide the best oidei to do the woik (j) find the easiest wav to do the necessaiv woik, (4) standaidize the methods and (6) to put these piinciples into piaetice It piovides a wav to ae complish moie without exeitin„ more effoit
—E P— M VKING LIl I L van R The Uiiiveibitv oi Texas has presented a novel way of infoiming the ERCs oi then picsciit sLanding When they hear the chime it s E R C tune’ When the older s h ive been received for the men the tow ei chime'- w ill i ing out y\ itli "V cm i c In lire Army Now —F P— HI RE SOM- M VV OI DOING II riic Kent Stater giects it’s stu dents yyith Good Moining and be me to throw tne pipeis and letters fioiii you studeni, mailbo around the hills it makes a sy\ell mess ioi the jaintoi to clean up We yvond i il this bungs any ICoUlts —L P— IHJ R! S VI B \\S I HI BK V ( I I lire Univei ity oi Minnesota yvill hold its fii'-t hostel tup undci the suireiMsion ol the Inivrisitv 1 In, tiijis aie open to ill tridents ind will 1 e held on the wee end the no tiling mov^meni sounds like a „oo 111 i loi oui o\ 11 c nil nis
loy/ing Ills Mrstci s ilegiee he at tended school in (iciminy Latei he t night at tin Uinvcisitv ol Hawaii for four years While a nieinbci oi the Univeisity stiff he taught rbnonn il ])sycholop clini cal psychology ind idv meed st i tibtics classes He \ is mcnil ei < f the Lilly eisity Coninnttec foi Rost W u PI innnm nul ilso i n n n i of the CommitUe or ithelet e it fan s Kelly own d h osn pi me ind y\ rs conn 1 mdei ot the Civ 1 V i Prtiolinthi distiict icUietntei ii„ the n \ IK w is ilso in im itcui 1 i 0 opei ill Dm ( iscy \viitnn Oidnince mm eioiidcliss n 1 < utlicl U i o i the Ciieit I ills \ IV il 11 uiiiim bt ition biscbill te nil who ap pe 11 cd w itli tl c E luc | lel ets in then opener a,,,ainst the I ouisville C ol onels Vpiil 20 led ^Illnlov i Col lege’s baseb ill te uir in hitting in 1940 y\ith an ivci ol 1)0 He also yvas an out tindinc lootliill pi lyei appealing is legulii lull back on the 19 j9 ind 1 j 10 V nl i loy i elevens
An after math of the brilliant aihievciiients of the Univeisity of Illinois Whi/ Kids team is the record of their coach, Doug Mills, in the seven yeais he has coached Illinois basketball The Mills coached teams have won 61, lost 26 Big Ten games, a percentage of 701, yvliieh is not equalled by any conference rrval nr that time Including non confer once games, the Illiiii under Mills have won 104, lost o5 games lor a percentage of
748
Iowa City Apiil 28—A policy of deliberate appraisal of the situa tioii with no decision to be made before July has been adoiited by Director E Cr Schioedci and the University ol Iowa athletic board 111 the 111 ittei oi a Tlavvkcye acting head fooiball coach Iowa w s left without a head foothill co ich when Jim Ilaiiis nailed acting coach rebiuaiy 17 when Dr Eddie Anderson received a iiraior s commission resigned on Vpiil S to enter the armed loices Hams hid erved rs line co ich uii der Di Vncicison tor eight years fust it Holy Cro s college and since 19 9 it Iowa ‘ WK yyoull want the now co ch on the job it le ist bv Vugiist 1 with piaetcc piolubly beginning about bejite iber 1 But we are not going to hasten tne selection |ob ” Diicc tor Sell oeder slid G 0 it I il i 111 April 2S—Its no ( isy task to iiioviue i ten sport jiiogi an loi i giiup ol 2(00 ic cunts ill in the s]) ice o+ r few houis but flirts yyhat conlionts e ich ciiiel siicci ili L under I leut Coirrdi Allien W Ihoiiip o I’s Pliv sieal li 111111 g am' Reeic itinn pio ,3iani ey ei v b ituiil ly noon ilie entile pi0^,1 nr is fi 1 meed by the Gic it L d es WeKaie ruiiu y\ hose lesourccs i < dciivedl igely tin oil h ^ urres pin el by the st i tioiisviisity b iscl) ll roo,,b ill uid I asl etb ill te rim Vs soon IS the leciu ts icpo t i boxing torn nunc lit is Icgun in the icgimciHs uitiiHii I uildini As 1 n\ IS tw,,.nl I ruts 11 c lui off in 1 ipid OKici 11(1 the 1 the wiest 1 I i ( ovci ) s n a y 111 tches
University Calendar Wednesday, May 5
Notices
Anrer Amci
Room 302, Union
W Fac Lounge, nUion
Childhood of Education Childhood of Education
^Thursday, May 6 Red Cl OSS Home Senior Workeis Room 304, Union Civilian Defense Room 363, nUioii
Friday, May 7
Red Cross Home Senior Workers Room 304, Union Eiank Buck Children’s Program Hall ol Music 1 rank Buck Lecture Hall of Music
7 00 P M 7 30 P M 10 00 A M 7 30 P M 10 00 A M 3 30 P M 7 30 P M
Ratio
(Continued from page 2) ct SWELL time' “Gee whizz, the younger generation gets away with everything'”—This last from Miss Willoughby when she
heattl about it
The List of the Beta-Kappa combinations is that sweet old couple, Jordan McCarty and Emily Caster, whose happy visages may be seen shining as they have for lo’ these many years thiough the mist of the good “B B ” This vacation they put it on the no-looling-basis when “Mac” slipped a sparkler on the little woman’s thud finger-left hand Just for the (this is a fiec pi ess, but theie aie limitations) fun of it, they went
about it m the old fashioned wav’—peispiring suitor asks pap- foriTmoCnUorcondition win" be mvon oa
Ji, Sat 11(1 ly May 8 at 1 p m m room
py foi dattei s hand, and this is the way the scene ran as told Notny me of your intention to take
lo US on authoiitative souice’
“Mac,” the nei yous siiitoi “Sii, er-uh, that is, (gulp, gulp), I mean, su, I have been going with your daughtei for thiee
yeai s and—
Ml Castei “Well, whatdyah want, a pension‘d” But it all ended happily, and congiatulations to the both of > oiisc That makes sevmn diamonds foi the gals in the Vault, which ain’t altalia, as the saying goes (I iindeistand they’ie cutting them themselves these days)
Ex Cary Club Men Who have lived m Cary Hall foi four or more semeiiterB and aie not oiitanized may make application for Associate Membership in Cary Club to Jim Bowen Room 4 JO CUS ■—a30WEN Student Senate Thcic will Ue a meeting qC the new StiKknt Senate Wednesday May 5 at 7 30 in the Senate Olfice .
—IHOMAS ^
Tau Beta Pi Important business meeting luc^day May 4 in Room 263 of the Union at 7 15 Committees for banquet be sure to be present Must get on the ball Must find out how many actives arc back this semester —SLDDON Secretaries of Honorarics and Organizations Please bring yoiu copy for your page in the Debris to the Debris Woikshop immclintcly If you have not been contacted about youi copy ijleasc call at the Debris office at once •—RENTSCH All Students Crew call outs for Playshop s next production Claudia will be h^UI in 1 owlci Hall on Tuesday May 4 at 4 p m Anyone inteiested in working on painLinj. pnps effects lighting makeup costume or caipentry crews bo sure to sign up —BARAB SCA Board Meeting luesday May 4 at
*" 30 p m in the Union
—LOCKHART
Union^ Juniors and Sopohmores Please lejort to '•joins 2JO and 257 to work on the Sti V40nt Book I xchange from 10 a m to o p m iveij week day until May 12
—GEE
Triton Club Important meeting Tuesday May 4 it 7 JO i> m in the Memorial Gym.
—BROWN
M'lchine Design 11 65 66 Make up exams
lhai 1 just about the count ovei m the Pabbion-Pit, too, but Pieice and Pnhnei aie still s'^abbing aiound Just thought you would like to know, tcllas DU Bient Finch has something of an option on Wdma Palniei, how ovei, both ol whom coo well togethei Both aie kinda musical—she spoits a beautilul sopiano voice and he lust snoits, but between the two of them thej can itally knock out a mean duet And don’t think they can’t because the> CAN’T—we made it all up (S’no fun stciim down gun bands)
Glider Club McLtinK lutuday May •! at " 10 1) m All membeis and pledjrcs, please bt Iheie -SALISBURY I’anlitllcnic Council Short but important meilini, Wednesd iv May a at 1 p m m
ruim lOd ol the Union
— TRIER
Omicroii Nu Mcitini, Tiidny May 7 at 4 1 m in the Home Economies Building
—BEALL
Lta Kappa Nu Important meeting for ikelioii ol ilfiecib at 10 p m Thursday M ly b in iiom 307 ot the nUion Everyone bliould be theie —PTLlOSAfiO AWS Lxecutiic Board Meeting at 7 15 I m Tuesday Mav I in th olTice All olfi eirs an I eomhiittee ehiiimen please be pr SCI t —VEIT All Students 111 Internation ll Rcla turns Club will meet J iitsday May 1 at 7 30 I ni III tl Umvtrsily Ticsbyterian ( huicli loune, Ih tone of discussion will be Ucmoci iCy uul 1 oiee
ODELI
Classified
Ads
IJicK nas been a loi oi fiag-wavmg iiom ovei ai the Kiic- | moouiips in ihe light ol the moon vnih the ciy of the wmlf j
‘-p'ltiing ihe kind atmOSpllClC, let it be known that one Betty Typewnlcrs Adding maemnes all makes
s>)d rt nUd rtpaircd and purchased Miraeo-
Duncan has sent back hex Phi Gam pm to its DePauw dwelling wmk done c j Lbershoir eoe Mam,
^ “ Lafayette I hone 2 70
tiioUrti ^loiip ol nitn i iniiclieil placc and IS uow ill the maikel toi something new in the way
to Ihi lit i li\ ll ill ll ill y hci e tv i Ivc I) i I etball lints ue set ii motion loin it i time on the s|iicioiis ciruts VI 0 in tin ilnll hills in 0 ilsidc li tin wtiihci irtiiiiis ic 1 \ 1 lets ol in 1 1 \ n it 111 lie run An< i yinihlii t I c (ho N it\ it i stoic Ol molt tut, o y t contests y c n t tl niknttd With the coimii,,, ot spiin^ soli ball hrs been tildid to ll ' p 04,1 im Viiothti ,,ioiip ol toiiip nics talcs i Uiin it th OLitdooi obst idc toiiist uni still oLlicis CO n rctc 111 lopc climbing icli\b Some 250 to 00 men tit til on to lire suimmi ic, pool lor an horn ol iccication syim nriii! and c\cti i tnble Lciiiiib tout 11 imcnt IS cn^uiccic 1 A. total oi 200 games nr the ten
ot ma'-cuhne huhtaniij bhc 11 iakc all comeis, pioviding
Ihetc hate been some complaints of 1 tie that theie isn’t enough mud '-hng’ng "omg on m the coveted space ot this column atici all, this Ib a la/z column, ain’t it ■’ Dunno Is it ^ Jasi don’t let us pull ilic wool ovei youi eyes, keep lemmdmg oui stives il at d’s 90 pex cent cotton
Lafayette
Monev to Loan On diamonds watcheei guns 1 g„dgc typewriters Alberta Loan Ollicc 407 Columbia Wanted—Students lo dclivci Puiduc Exponent An h Exponent office or call R G
Students ift 1 \!I M
to set pins \ I II g 1) 1 1 Uni r
in Bowling AUe>», Inquire Bowling Blcr Call 4005
I )sl—SluaHci s pen wilh n imc insoiibcd Hti k td til trued witli wid told band I I t N J eket clip Reward RKhaid I Mii( u Thine 2J52
spoils is iboiit avei iqe iii the iff eiiiooii ihe Situiaav piogtim is dcsir,neii with i t to foiii pmiiose ol IHovii'in, leeieition and ai ihe sail c tim" h ii IcniiiL muscles ioi the luois oL SCI duU Dm inq ti c yicc in liutLois dev tic ih ra lives io sp ei 1 cl IS cs tiiil 1 1 lividu tl i i sii Lietion S liiiul u ihi leciuits
,,ei i el intc io put into luaciiee the thinq they have been leiininf, ill wee' Buy War Bonds And Stamps
list—G Id n Lt re n I J ► aid Mu agt j
uith ruby sotting and i 1)1J Owner otters rcolTict MemonaJ Union
( Il luncej House S uth Chaunccy ' ! Yi an licints for membership Phone M8 f i mtcivuw I )8l—I I g Dui I \ Utcitrig slide ruli I r/ II N rlstoim on cas( and rule Rew rl Cai (2)1
Patronixe Exponent Advertisers
TRUE TO THEIR
Playshop
(Continued Iiom page 1) tl antes it will be up to the eostuine tom mittee to find ajijji ojii i lie elolhin^, loi each chaiaelii 1 his v\ill Ik compaiatneh easy loi ( laudia’ since most of the thu letcis wtai modem clothes Houib earned ioi iiiy wml, m the basih on vihieli mi mbi is oi Pin due Pldveis tamjju di am dies hoiioiaiy aie selected ihiiious ix peuenee is not mtessaiv and aiu one inteiested in diamatics is in ViGhI to Hu tali out
Giving you a MILDER BETTER TASTE
lie steadily growing popularity of Chesterfields is a sure sign that they make good their pledge to give you the things that count most in a cigarette. Smokers know they can depend on Chesterfield’s Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos to give them a MILDER, BETTER Taste. They’re true to their pledge ... They Satisfy.
> i