ki ^. ^ ‘i
M s
\ ! W t ’
t i '
'It,!
4. r J \ i
'' ''*> '[,, , r, '-• yd ‘■•'lid' fi, Afr f /i , ^ -I
K *
‘- i
^'t
' i
KdlLiftMAKiftS To Meet Chicjago Five Saturday
Established 1889
VoWw« 55, No. 67
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
■v
ROOSEVfl.t ^
■>
Decries Martial Rule > In Hawaii
Taosday, tmu»y 5,
'imimufm
ejackets Take Riveters ifi/ers Leads Scoring As Great Lakes Five 5 jBfvercpmes Lambert's Boilermakers, 48-43
’ f Jv -
’ By Joe Dawson, Exponent Sports Editor ‘',<;.0Vercoming a brilliant second half rally by Piggy Lambert’s courageous cagers, the star4||li|ded Great Lakes basketball team nosed out the underdog Boilermaker quintet in a hardfdiight game in the Fieldhouse last night 48-43. The Riveters, lacking the size and the exj^hiriencq possessed by Tony Hinkle’s band of All-Americans, outscored the Bluejackets in the Sejsond half after a rather sloppy first period in which they scored only three baskets from th^e fidld. al?-tight Boilermaker defense kept the high-scoring Bluejackets, who prior to last had averaged nearly 63
Cadet OFFicers Leave In May
Enlisted Reserves
per game, from^ taking CJ Fhlafc ihahy shots from close in. The hfife rebound work by Ehlers, Lawson and Menke was particularly instrumental in keepihg the Great Lages scoring down to a minimum. Hi^h-point man for the Riveters and also for the game was iJd Ehlers with 12 markers. Menke ^nd Lawson scored eight and seven respectively. Geoige Hamburg, lopg4egged gu'aid who played the ehtire game for the Bluejackets, led Hinkle’s outfit with 10 points, fjrosty’ Sprowl was close behind
with eight tallies.
Huring the first five minutes of th^ ball game the score see-sawed back and forth as first the Riveters and then the Bluejackets sank free throws. It was DufFey Friend who started the scoring as he dropped in the, first foul shot of the game after two minutes of play. While the Boilermakers could put but three shots thlSodgh the hoop in the first half, tha Navy five managed to score eight from the field with most of t^|! ftreat Lakes stars taking part. IJIfake But 14 Points First Half 'With the aid of two baskets by Mdhke and one by Ehlers, plus a
|4w gratis shots, the Lambert five rught s game,
nad scored 14 points to the Navy’s 21' as the half ended. Then came the second period of the battle as the Biveters tried to overcome the seven point lead and came very close to doing it in the closing minutes of
play.
For the first three minutes of the second half, the Riveters controlled
the baU as Lawson sent one through Modern “P,ed Pipers of Hamlin” the hoop from the right side and discussed the fundamentals of in-
Menke tossed one in on a pivot play, sect and rodent contiol at the initial _ ^ along with two foul shots again by sessions of the seventh annual Pest been necessaiy to alter the ordinary Rpdy, to bring the score within two Conti'ol Operator s’ Conference procedure. The recently elected ofppints of the Navy s lead. From which opened at the Univei^ty yes- ficers were not elected by a general there on the game remained a ques- terday. election, but were selected through tion as to whether the Riveter number of officers from the the power of constitutional appointquintet could overcome the Blue- u. S. Army Sanitary Corps were ment. The PIA executive board votjackets. The score came to read as listed among the early lepiesenta- ed on the ofircei-s. This board is comclpse as one point and not further tive registration of nearly 100 for posed of all the officers, the ward atjiay than nine as the teams raced the five-day conference which is em- chairmen, a representative from the up and down the floor. phasizing the role of the pest con- Student Coopei'ative Association, Navy Holds Lead trol operator in protecting the one from the Women’s Residence It was no time at all until the health of members of the armed Halls, and a third from Cary Hall. Navy got another jump on the forces and defense workers, both Altogether the board consists of Riveters and pulled further ahead at home and abroad. Although the about 17 members
and with five minutes to play the conference is designed primarily for sdore read. Navy 40 Purdue 34. the middle west, early registration
lyfenke and G amack then ran into ^eluded commercial operators from ^ a double foul which brought the Canada, New York, Massachusetts, featured Tiny Hill
foprih personal against A1 and thus Georgia, Texas, Kainsas and Colo- ^
the Eivfeteis lost his services for the lado.
PIA Elects Officers
To Fill Vacancies In Special Ballot
Augsberger To Head
Independent Group
Acting under the emergency poweis of the president of the organization, the Purdue Independent Association elected several new officers to replace those who will be unable to serve because of graduation. The electron was held Monday, Dec. 14,
in the PIA Office in the Union.
The new officers which were elected at this meeting are as follows: President, Norman Augsberger; vice president, Charles Rezek; women’s social chairman, Mary Diesslin; women’s activities chairman, Betty Jean Ribordy; men’s activities chairman, Eugene Andre; chairman of Ward D, Peter Perille; chairman of Ward B, George Schmidte, and chairman of Ward F, Betty Jean Brown. Jim Pecsok will act as the men’s social chairman, although he
who scored 12 points in -was not elected at this meeting, hav-
ing served last semester.
Augsberger Heads War Council President Augsberger is also chairman of the student War Council and his assistant, Charles Rezek, has been in charge of the PIA bowling tournament and is active in intramural athletics. Pecsok is also
social manager of Cary Club.
Normally, PIA elections aroiheld every two semesters and officers serve for a year; however, with the new accelerated program, it has
Dean Reed Opens
Pest Control Conference
rnmainder of the game. 'l^his brought the score to 40 to ,(Sce BLUEJACKETS, page 3) Registration Schedule 'Proceeding according to plan, the sojhedulp for the remainder of the fdH' tferm ■ registration today is as follptvs: Itli-^Kel . KU-Rn Gbf-Rak . F0si-6oe Em-Fow Den-El Con-Dem Cf-Col Bis*Ce Bai-Bir Aa-Bah
8:00- 8:30 A.M. 8:30- 9:00 A. M. 9:00- 9:30 A. M. 9:30-10:00 A. M 10:00-10:30 A. M. 10:30-11:00 A. M. 11:00-11:30 A. M. 11:30-12:00 A. M. 1:00- 1:30 P.M. 1:30 -2:00 P. M. 2:00- 2:30 P. M.
Exponent Staff All staff members please turn in their* night preferences and telephone numbers to me before 4 p. m. tomorrow in order that work schedules may be arranged for the coming semester. Freshmen and sophomores should list three nights in order of preferertce, and they will be regularly assigned to two per week. Papers will be published on Friday and Sunday of this week. All of the staff will be expected to report until schedules are arranged. —BUTZ
Following an addiess of welcome by Dean H. J. Reed, of the University, the vibitois devoted most of the day to a consideration of insect pioblems. Pi of. J J. Davis, B. E. 3([ontgomeiy and G. E. Lehkei, of the Univeisity staff, led the inoining discussion of insect stiuctmes and then functions, biology of insects and fundamentals of control. The afternoon was given ovei to classifying and identifying insects, especially types occurimg in build-
mgs. In connection with the after- pjonies
noon session, the specialists weie given an opportunity to study an exhibit of specimens of infested and damaged goods, food, tabiics, timbei and othei commodities, and of
the insects responsible
William 0. Buettnei, of Biooklyn, N Y, secietaiy of the National Pest Contiol Association, piesided ovei last night’s session, at which Moiton S. Piescott, of Chicago, 111 , took up specification and bid forms. Recent developments in new chemicals to replace piionty materials m pest control, and in sijecial techniques to be usftd in controlling rats and mice will be emphasized at
today’s sessions.
Prof. Miller
Featured On WBAA
Professoi W. T. Miller, Associate Professor of Heating and Ventilating of the University, spoke on “Inci eased Comfort at Lowei Temper-
yesterday on I the “Better broadcast, one of a series
of weekly bioadcasts eveiy Monday at 1 -30 p. m over WBAA, that have been sponsored for seveial years by
Bottei Homes In America.
The schedule foi the next three weeks IS as follows: January 11, Mi. Call F. Boestor, Diiectoi of Housing Research of the University, will speak on “New Fuel Conservation Measures”. Januaiy 18, Associate Professoi of Floncultuie E. R. Honeywell, of the University, will speak on “House Plants”. January 25, Piofessoi Leila R. Gaddis, State Leader of Extension Home Economics and Home Demonstration Agents, also of the University, will
talk on “Handicrafts”.
Editorial Staff There will be a meeting of all junior night editors, city editors, and coed editors in the Exponent office tonight at 4 p. m. —BOSWINKLE
Coed Hours There will be ll o’clock hours tonight, 'fuesday, Jap. 5, for all coeds. —AWS Judicial Board!
Pan-Hell Rush Plan Revised
,
Coeds To Register Saturday Morning Since the University has gone on a three-term school year, the Panhellenic Association has revised the original two semester rush plan for new students entering and upperclasswomen gi-aduating each term. Under the new rules, freshman girls entering the University this January will be eligible for sorority rushing next May. Previously, coeds went through rush their first semester at school. Registration will be held on January 9, 1943, and pledging will be held on January 18. All girls who have attended the University for at least one semester and have made a 3.6 scholastic index for the preceding tei’in, are eligible for January rush. Also tranfer students who have entered in January or at any time previously from an accredited college or university, extension courses not included, will be eligible. All Coeds Eligible Any coed, whether she has registered before or not, should register Saturday morning, January 9, from 9:00 a. nr. to 12:30 p. m. if she desires to go through rush and at 4:00 p. rlr. there will be a mgss meeting in the faculty lounge. The primary objectives in setting up this new plan are: tq enable the SOI orities to estimate the number of incoming girls since coeds must meet the scholastic requirement, to cause less interference with class work since rush is held the first week of school, and to plan a rush that will function with the optimum advantage to the sororities each term the University is in operation. Rushing rules are as follows: 1. No eng'agements with sororities may be broken at any time during the rushing period. 2. All rushing functions must be carried on in the sorority houses. The Panhellenic Council recommends that no flowers be used for decorations. Favors, including flowers, will not be given at any such time. Entertainment must be given only by members of the sorority. No Transportation 3. There will be no transportation to or from the rushing functions by sorority members! No sorority women will accompany the rushees to the Panhellenic office for the signing of the preference or pre-preference cards. 4. Sororities are not to make engagements for the rushees at any tune during the rushing period or during the month preceding it. Up to one month before the rushing period coke dates will be permitted ^between the sororities and the rushees, but no other form of rush will be permitted. 6. During rush week rush will be conducted only at the specified times. No other contacts between sororities and rushees wrll be permitted. 6. No freshman will be permitted in the soiority houses during the term preceding rush, and no sorority girl living outside the Residence Halls will be permitted in the Residence Halls during the month preceding the lushing peiiod. Slight Fee 7 A fee of $2.00 will be charged each rushee and an additional fee of 50c will be chaiged late registiants. 8. Alumnae from National Panhellenic sororities that do not have chapters on this campus will act as rush advisors to the council and to the Panhellenic lawyer. 9. Sorority bids and rushees’ preference will be matched by the'^Panhellenic lawyer. 10. In the event of the violation of any of the above rules and regulations a fine of $25 will be imposed upon the sorority, and notification will be sent to the national offices of that sorority by the Panhellenic Council.
Zino Francescatti Will Open Convo Series Sunday Afternoon Program To Start At 3 Zino Francescatti, the famous French violinist, will aj^pear in the Musk Hall next Sunday at 3 p. m. Students will be admitted with passports, and service men in uniform will be admitted free. Single admissions will be $1.10, tax included; however, there will be no reserved seats or advanced sale. The doors will be opened at 2:15. Francescatti Born In France Francescatti, the most celebrated of contemporary French violinists, was born in Marseilles in 1905. Both his parents were musicians. He beban playing the violin at the age of 3, made his first public appearance when he was 5, and at 10 made his debut with the local orchestra playing the Beethoven Concerto. At twenty he had established himself among the few really great violinists. In the fall of 1939, he first came to the United States where he appeared with the country’s most important orchestras. He was immediately reengaged for the following season, and his 1941-42 tour was sold-out the preceding spring. He appeared with the New York Phil-harmonic-Symphony as one of the four major violinists during the centennial year of America’s oldest
orchestra.
Commends American Public Zino Francescatti thinks that the American musical public is the largest and best educated in the world. In America it is so much easier for a young musician to start his career. Europeans aren’t so receptive to a beginner, and it is often difficult even to make a living. In Europe an artist’s public is centered in cities whereas in the U. S. even small communities are able to hear the best music. “For one brought up like myself in the concert world of Europe all this is like a musician’s dream of Paradise.” Even “boogie woogie” impresses this great musical genius. He thinks that a song writer who makes Mozart’s music into “swing” is proving that Mozart still lives. Today the American musician has more opportunity than anyone else in the world to make a success of his career. 'Engineer' To Feature New Policy One of the major activities on the campus is the monthly publication of the Purdue Engineer, an engineering news magazine that is devoted to publishing the results of research carried on throughout the country, the events and doings of the various engineeiing honoraries and all other types of information pertaining to the engineering world. The Engineer is a member of the Engineering College Magazine Association, which includes the publications of 25 univeisities in the
country.
New Cover Design On the January issue appears the new cover design featuring a “V” for victory, and in accordance with the magazine’s new policy the articles are devoted almost entirely to developments in the war industr/ field. Many of the articles are written by recent Purdue graduates who aie now in a position to have first hand information on many of the problems that face a new engineer. Just recently the Engineer has enlarged its staff to include an aitist, senior and junior advertising managers, as well as several new underclassmen. In keeping with the new policy the magazine will publish all articles submitted pertaining to engineering groups, infoi'mation released by the University and government officials and will endeavor to deliver the publication on the first of every month according to the schedule.
Will Stay In School University students enrolled in Advanced ROTC ’#&{ning will be taken into the army at the end of the coming semestetr the office of the president announced yesterday. Btudetite frjbo are now; seniors enrolled in Military Training 7 nr 8 directly to Officer’s Training School, if qualined. Those siiF* dents who are taking Military Training 6 will be sent tp ik* placement training centers to complete the preliminarsf ■ ing before, going to FrancescaUi vanced course contracts will be
awarded.
The latest word on the s^ tus of the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps (Unassigned) the Air Force Enlisted BeaecVe (Aviation Cadet) as of DecetnbCr 23 is as follows: , “Students are deferred until the time normally require to complete a four year college education, subji^t to the student maintaining a satisfactory scholastic record. If tlie necessity of war demands, the deferred status of any individual'in the Enlisted Reserve may be terminated at any time by the Seiirttary
of War.”
Transfer Possible The War Departinent has advked that those students who have rtilisted in the Army Enlisted Besef^ while freshmen or sophomores at ROTC institutions where basic UMIitary is compulsory and who h^e indicated their desire to serve iff Army, Navy or Marine Col^is on Procurement Form A after (Jbtbher 1, 1942, or their desire to serve m the Navy by written record-a^ fh® time of enlistment prior to OdtMw 1, 1942, will be transferred the Army Enlisted Reserve Col^ to the Navy or Marine Corps Whdn the Army at that particular eollo^ is called to active duty. In a release dated December 14, 1942, from the National Headquarters of the Selective Service System, the following persons may be considered for occupational defeirment: (1) a registrant in training and preparation in one of the Engineering Fields after the completion of his first academic year id an accredited University and thereafter, if h*e remains a full-time student in good standing, if he Cdiltinues to maintain good Scholastic standing, and if it is certified by the institution that he gives promise of successful completion of such course of study. (2) A registrant in training or preparation for one of the other Specialized Fields after ha has reached the point in such course of study in a recognized university or college, and thereafter, where there remains not more than tWo academic years for him to complete such course of scientific study, if he remains a full-time student in goqd standing in such course, and is certified by the institutioi|^ that he gives promise qf successful completion of
his course.
Vital Industries The Engineering Fields listed ds “Critical Occupations” are Aeronautical, Automotive, Ghemlei|l, Civil, Electrical, Heating, Ventilating, Refrigerating and Air Cdfiditioning. Industrial, Marine, ]^- ehanical, Mining and Metallurgib^, including- Mineral technologiSfcSl Radio, Safety, Sanitai^, amk $ran|portation—Air, Railroad, HighW^ and Water. _ Other Specialized Fields liated-ihs “Critical Occupations” are Bacteriology, Chemistry, Geophysics, Mathematics, Naval Architectore, Physics, including Astronomy, ani Psychologists. By this recen amendment Industrial Engineers, Sanitary Engineers and Bacteriologists have been added. Accountants, Economists, Industrial Managers, Personnel Administrators, and Statisticians have been ex-
cluded.
Clinton R. Hanna ... BSEE ’27, who is now manager of the Electro-Mechanical department of the Research Lahoratorien of the Westinghouse Electric Co,„|s one of the ten persons selected % WPB to receive citations from the President for individual produeRqu, merit. He was awarded the because of the great improvemoidl his research has made in the tiveness of U. S. tanks.
. . . violinist, who made his first public appearance at the
age of 5.
Student Union Again Sponsors Book Exchange This term, in accordance with their regular policy, the Student Union is again sponsoring the Student Book Exchange in the South Ballroom of the Union Building. The Book Exchange is run entirely by volunteer workers of the Union. While the University furnishes a cashier to handle the money, there is no profit made by anyone. ■’Students may turn the books they wish to sell in to the workers in the South Ballroom and state at that time how much they think the book is worth and how much money they want to sell it for. The workers will give them a receipt and the student can collect the money at a later date which will be announced in the Exponent. if a student does not set a definite value or price on the books he turns in they will be sold at 75 per cent of their original price. The Exchange has been open to receive books since 10 o’clock yesterday morning and it will continue to leceive them throughout the sale. The actual sale of books will start at 10 o’clock Wednesday morning. Next Debris Will Appear In August August of this year another Debris Will be published. Subscriptions are already being sold just past the cashiers’ booths at registration. The book will include the activities of this winter, spring, and summer, and will featuie seniors graduating in August and December of 1943. After registration, selling will continue eveiy afternoon at four o’clock in the business office. Beginning on Wednesday of this wqek, the present Debus will be distributed to all those who have not yet received thens. Those peisons should bi ing their receipts and passports to the business office after
■four o’clock.
Tau Beta Pi . . . engineering honorary, announces the election of the following officers for the next two terms: Arthur Seddon, president; Arthur Peltosalo, vice-president; John Watt, recording secretary; Charles St. Clair, corresponding secretary; Burton Kuck, treasurer; and Walter Koester, cataloguer.Purdue Exponent
Tue^day^ January 5, 194S
> ,r>;
PtlMUe Exponent
. ’OHicbsir Editorial aiKh Business f’lirdue Memorial Union, PKone 4605 Sports, Pieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor.,.;......^.... Business Manaeer News Editor MatiaffinE Editor SeMM A^er'^siug: Manager.. Coed Business Executive^........
Wiiliata G. Hoskins . Gerhard H. Kiouman ..Robert W. Boawinkic ;Daic K. Buts J^taes A. Petty Joseuh S. Dawson Sally Beall A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial StatT Assoeiate Editors: B. J. Cayior, J. It. Richardson, T. L. Tilloh, fi. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C, C. MartinjLll,,®, Mnrphy. Coed S.an: RhylHs hfann, Martha Lee Rt^KS, Carolyn 'Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Stall: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff
Assistant AdyertlalnB Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. FleXon, C. Gaunt, J. McCuUoubIi, J. Tabb. Circnlation Manager :’W. Reektcnwalif; Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts. . .
The Purdue Independent
Editor-in>Chiet..
..Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night, Editor : Smith . Sports Editor: Smith Bay Editor: Riggs issne Editor: Forsythe Workers:. Watson, .Moore, Speck, Tuttle. Howes, Abbett, Wfnslotv, Stephenson, So^^m'-'* Baynes, Ford.
• . Entered as second, class matter .at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March li. 1879, and at,the special rate of postage proviilo.il for in section 1103, act of .October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for SI.75 for a semester.or $3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semestei's. 'Represented for national advertising by National Advertise ing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
G
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By
By UR£ W PEARSON™
Roosevelt Skeptical Of Army Regions Retaken From Enemy; Willkie, Hoover Make Peace
What Next?
Well, it certainly seems as though the government is determined to keep the male college student in a complete quandry about his impending future in his country’s service. , .. Before vacation, students -were fairly well convinced that they vtmuld be taken- out at the end of this semester. They were resigned to that fate. And at several other, times during the past year they have become more ot less resigned to various sorts of fates meted out by the Manpower Commission, Selective Service, etc. • ; . ; , Now, after hearing about a consolidation'of Selective Service with the Manpower Commission and holding out high hopes for this blessed union, students still find plans for their futures subject to unending amendments, revisions and contradictions. • ' Before vacation, all students in the Army’s EEC and in ROTC were told that, without a doubt, they would ail be in the armed forces by the end of the 1943 winter term. Students not enrolled in any of the enlisted reserves and subject to the draft were led, to expect that they too would be called very soon. ■ However, due to the untiring efforts of the red-tapesters and those others in Washington who deem it advisable to release programs, and edicts before important details are worked out, some students find their plana entirely changed today. - The Manpower Commission now confides to the nation’s colleges that army Air Force Enlisted Reservists and .Army, Enlisted Reservists, unassigned, having satisfactorily finished qne academic year of college, will be allowed to graduate. Communiques regarding the status- of students in ROTC seem to have been fairly consistent, and we feel that these men can be fairly well assured that they will go at the end of this semester. Men subject to the draft, always standing more or less on. the brink of induction, are told now that their training for an essential occupation will allow them to stay in school. No oiie seems to be able.to formulate a plan and stick to it. These latest changes may be the final word. We don’t know. In any event, Elliott’s wise and oft-repeated advice to “stay in school,, study as usual and wait for your call” sounds like the best counseWinfinitely more tangible and useful than the government’s continually changing “training programs”. Obviously students cannot have any element of certainty or secuiity in their future as students whep the whole world is in such a state or uncertainty and insecurity. But uncertainty is romance, and vv^hat is life without the romantic element ? Previous statements and the most recent utterances from Washington indicate that responsible officials feel students now in school are of a greater potential value there than elsewhere. Until such time as college men are callei;!, therefore, it would be well to accept th« government’s assumption that this training will be useful and “fill each unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run, ... -w.g.h.
■WASKINGTON-^At a recent cabinet meeting, Sccretar.v of 'War Stirason -was explaining the Army’s school, to train military governors-at Charlottesville, ■'Va. He told ho-w the Army -wanted to have men skilled in government ready to rule the occupied areas after they weTe taken by our troops.' ' President Roosevelt interrupted with the suggestion that civilian government might be best for the occupied areas. He indicated that he was not too enthusiastic about the principle of military rule; 'Whereupon Secretary df the Iiiteridr Ickes, who has charge of the islands ijahd territories of the United States, acidly remarked: ‘ “And what about orie spot-of completely American territory—Hawaii? Let’s begin by establishing civil government at home.” e Wall Street Rulers On one other occasion. President Roosevelt, criticizing the School for Military Government at Charlottesville, remarked that it was stocked up with young men from Wall Street, and wondered Whether the Army planned to send young Wall Streetters out to rule those portion,? of the world set ftee by the American Army. ' , Actually, the school is run by one of the most liberal men in the Army, Ma'j. Gen, Allen Gullion, the Provost Marshal, an old Woodrow Wilson rooter. Also it has as one of its executives Col. Jesse Miller, former secretary of the National Labor Relations Board —nO'reactibnai'y.; ■ But the personnel of the school, if turned loose to run the U; S. Av, would begin by repealing the Securities and Exchange Act, then cut down many another civil safeguard'in the country. To temper this array of reactittn, Gen. Gullion offered a job on the school faculty to defeated Democratic Congressman Tom. Elibt of Massachusetts, but he declined. While sbme people inside the Administration think that a school for military government may be OK, they wonder how long military government in various ■parts of the World will be continued after the war. If the Army gets into power, they wonder how long will it'stay? Also they point out that the proof of the pPdding is in the eating, and that in Hawaii, the only atrek'Whidi the Army has got its hands on, it is fighting tbotlt'and nail not to let go—despite the fact that the‘Ja'ps are now reported on the run and Hawaii inilodaBgCT, • Willkse Vs. Hoover ,. Some political soothsayers who know about the private greeting exchanged between Wendell Willkie and ; Herbert Hoover consider it a sign of a new political peace. Willkie and: Hoover never have loved each other. Willkie was too liberal, too non-isolationist. Hoover too conservative, too prone to be isolationist. But after Hoover’s recent speech in Chicago outlining ideas on world peace, Willkie sent a telegram congratulating him on a most provocative and thought inspiring speech. On Christmas morning, Willkie found in his niail a very cordial letter from the ex-President. H. H. was
Just Looking Arbunil ' By Jack Abbott and Jism Rjchafdson
American labor enjpyed its first vacation in over p.. year December 25. Tbis is no small accomplishment for an Organization that had many holidays before the war. The labor group has shown that it is willing and able to come up to and pass the production records o/the Axis nations even though it means giving up a great deal ’ ,,, .i.,
of personal time. Donald Nelson, chairman of the WEB, stated that. “We can hot vouch for how they (labor) felt, but they’re on the job.” This statement was issued after Nelson-hadi a.skod the men to Work on New Year's, and after many of the workers had,gone to-fheir jobs after an ail-night cele-,
bration.
Short Courses
ToOpehJah.lS:
“Yep, it’s slow, Zeb—nowadays anybody got any trouble they alius call, the F. B. I.”
University Calendar
D a rr y, M a n u f act a r c r s' s h o r t courses training students for posi-
... * * :;• . .. ■ tions in dairy plants will begin MonThe new White Paper that has day, January 18. One specific phase been issued by the State Department ot work will bo completed each, has cleared up a great many ques- week. . tions that have been in the minds Courses will be offered inmarket of some American people. One of milk, manufacture of dairy prodthem is the extent to which the nets, ice cream making,- butterState ' Department went to avoid making,, chee.se making, daily plant the Japanese attack, and how it mechanics, milk and cream, grading, warned the War and Navy Depart- and dairy technicians. Cbtirses- are nients that the matter, had gotten arranged so that persons'may-at-out of their hands some weeks be- tend either, one or the eritiif; eig’lit fore the actual attack on Pearl Har- weeks with very little duplication. bor.» The White Paper, also helps jpen or niorc students must registo explain, the part that the State ter before a course will, be given.. Department played in recent 'world Applicants for admission will be politics,' This paper is. expected to notified in advance if there is suf-
be followed by another paper on the causes of the war inasmuch as they
involve the United States.
Tue.sday, Jan. 5.'... An-nual Pest Control Operators Conference Wednesday, Jan. 6 ..Annual Pest Control Operators Conference Thursday, Jan. 7 Annual Pest Control Operators Conference Friday, Jan. 8 Annual Pest Control Operators Conference Saturday. Jan; 9 .........Basketball—Chicago vs. Purdue Sunday, Jan. 10;. .../.-...Convocation
fiedent number of students regis-.
tered.
Pei'sons interested in actenclrn.8' ■one or all of tliese courses are asked to send their name, address, age, plant oxpe) ience, and coui'se or courses they wi.sh to attend.to Prof. H. W..Gregory of the dairy depart-
ment.
Classified Ads
Mudball
Money to loan on diamonds, walchcs, 'runs, ty)M:writcrs. Albert's Loan OlVicc, •107 Columbin.
Wanted—Students interested in pctldljnjj: •the Exponent. Call Exponent. Ask lOP Kcckl.cnwald.
Typewrileri-;—-Adding Mnchine.s, .'ill malr^s sold, i-ented. repaired, and jiiircha.sed, MimoOKraph work done. C..J. EbershotV, QOo Main, Lafayette. Phone 12770.
—Silw r Exponent key with initials j. K. on hac’k. Cali Jane Keim at Exponent uil'ice or JJILA
Lo.st~A K. anil K. .'^lide rule. lU C. M. Oim. Phone :M2r)-L
Lost-Brown, triple fold In'IIfoId will Purdue in.'^ij^nia and n.ame in .‘.rold letters
Call .'5301, Din<ik>. Resvard.
hey there clarence i got messed up at re.gistration they made me go back because i had my railroad ticket and my class cards in red ink the man said the faculty .judge the student by the color of ink he uses if he wrote in green ink the faculty thinks he is green so i did all of it over again in blue ink i hope the faculty wont think i am blue now. —MUDBALl
The Russian capture of the Ger-man-held city of Velikiye Luki, only ninety miles from the border of Latvia, has sounded a note of encouragement in many of the capi^tals of the world. The important significance of this'eaptu're is thatthe Russians arc only a short dis-
tance :from East Pi'us.sia and if they . ' are able to I'c'ach this far province •. • • fencing honorary, announces of Germany it will be the first time 'Ibe election ot the following officers: in over a hundred years that an en- A. M, Kaufrmap, president; Fred emy lias fought on German soil. Rosen, vice president; Dave Greene, It is felt by. many people that the secretary, and Tom Thiele, treasonly way to really lick Hitler i.s to urer, . ' actually invade Germany proper and -— ^ 1-
Sliver Mask
to subjugate the German people to none betticr,'and yet Hitler is able
the actual horrors or war.
pleased. • Capital Chaff
Notices
I Maty S, Lyle
'Hitler has. .given his people new cheer in announcin.g that the German armies everywhei-c were iieadin.g towai'd cci tain victory, but /liat the war would posiu'ldy take a little longer than ’ori.g-irmlly planned. The German people only know the hall' of it. The Nazi armies ai'c. on a “victorious” i-eti.-eat inrKu.ssia ;i!ui Africa .and their allies are fairing-
to tel! his people tliat victory is not too far off. What will the German people think and do when they learnthe real truth after the war?
ff Yoii Wan! Good Work On Your Garments SEE JO,5:'S'TAjLOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
fiA
Ralph J. Wershing ■ • .. a University student, has been accepted into the Navy Ah' Force for pilot training. Cadet Wer.shing- i.s Stationed at the United States Navy Pre-Flight School at.Iowa City, Iowa. After completing this course, he tvill be sent to a Naval Reserve Aviation Base for priinary flight training. Graduation from these schools will bring Cadet Wershing his Navy wings and a flying ensign’s commis>sion in the Navy Air Force.
Under current military rule in Hawaii, the Army takes about $1,500 monthly from the eivilian government’s budget and uses it for propaganda and publicity to keep itself in power. .. . Soldiers and Marine.? on Guadalcanal may not bo aware of it, but one thing they are fighting for is rubber. As soon as' oar po.sir tion in the Solomons is stabilized it will be po.-isible to .start gathering -wild rubber. The amounts will be small, but a symbol of what we can get when we begin the reconquest of the great network of Pacific-islands. -. . . The White House now has its own private sleuth, famed Louis Glavis. It was Glavi.s who dug up the alleged Ballinger scandal in Taft’s' Adminislration, later was hired by Secretary Ickes, but indulged in so much wire-tapping that he and Ickes parted company. Now Glavis is on the Rural Electrification-pay-roll, but assigned to the White House at the request of Marvin McIntyre. . . . Hard-working Ralph Davies, Deputy Oil Administrator, finally took a few days off at Christmas only after Ickes had leveled dire threats if he didn’t. . . . The British are getting cold feet about having CIO leader.? Jim Carey, John Green and R. .1. Thomas go to England unless AFL leaders go, toy. But the AFL boys don’t ivant to go on to Russia. Also they don’t want to be put on the spot by having the CIO boys go to Russia while they don’t. Talk about jurisdictional disputes! • Diplomats Protect Finland The other day newsmen asked State Department officials about a Finnish incident which had seriously marred Anierican-Finnish relations. “Ab.solutcly nothing to it,”'was the reply. “Nothing has happened.” The I'umoi’s, however, continued. ' U. S. Minister to Finland Arthur Schoenfeld was called home. But the State Department continued its denials until it was red in the face. Shortly thereafter, Finnish Minister Proeope walked into the State Department with a cable from hi.s government asking him to explain the wave of. anti- Finni.sh sentiment which had swept over the American public. The shoit-:vave radio leaching- Finland, reported that the people were angry at the Finns. It was only then that the real truth leaked out regarding the toast to Japan which the Prime Mini.ster of Finland had given On the anniversary of i'ear Harbor. The State Department had known about it all the time, but*atcadfa,slly denied it. Apparently the career bqys didn’t want the American public to know who their friends and v/ho their enemies were. Meanvrhile, the Oflice of War Information had authorized short wave broadcasts back to Finland regarding the incident so that the Finnish people would know how anti-Amcricau and pro-Japanese their Prime Minister was. The incident illustrates tlie general policy of 'the State Department to champion Russia’s neighbors, even though they are at war with Russia. For some time the State Department balked at declaration of war against Hungaiy and Roumania,' even wiicn these countries had .declared war against us. Today Rustna again i.s demanding tiiat we break with Finland, which explains the- hu.sh-hush policy of the career boy.s. They don’t want their hand forced by American public opinion, (Copyright, 194”, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
S»'oh'»nnor.B Unidn Workers: Please report to Uv? South Ballroom as .-oon ns possible to a.-tsiHi OH the tu Book Kxchniurt .- PUP.MAxV
. , . formerly of West Lafayette and a Science grad'uatc in 1921, was awarded her do'jtcrate .from Ohio State University at tine wirier co.mineneeincnt c:-:e; ci.su's.
Alpha Vhi- O.aicza: h' ia fai- ibiwho h, r,,!-,- (ii- fh.:ii!Iiiu-. lieiHl.-i 2r,4.SVv' (h;!-.- Hall. BKNDKR
YVAA: In'ti-aniural h.rar'i na-rlio;c. Thora-.I:uhi'.-!-.v,7. .-il -I l-: m. in e.vni. Mi-nio-r.-; b-.- W1!,L!AM;:0M
WAA: V.-;:. ■.•;.:-iri-il<:!i!. W-iMC-.-la-.-. .!:i ua!-y «. at ; ,. lo. iu,.r: oa- is .-lisribi,-. ■CAMlffiELL
Kcrmcr.s': M-'efiiuv 'ru--: lipy, .Ii •p. r .i;.”.' ;’.U7 '(..r ihe Unii
ticket
KeHTioiui F:;uo'Jalion Workskep: Meet U.niK'ht. -luniiaiy 5. “ L ih- linivi r'ily Pn'.sl;>Lcria-n Churrh ?;t 7:30 o. In the »^’XI serint. A’ore .e-oj).!*- ‘r-’ ir.-tJetl for th-’se r:i(!:o tirnmns. - NORIM.INUKR
Giro C.’uh: O to jiractice.VV- ij
WANTA TJIMKSR? equipment ai! ot
EDGERTON HDW. IrtC.
E. W. 'ygnMolcr, Prsz.
LyUA
TO-DAY
TODAY - TOM-ORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
.Tl-SS MAGN-3FaCENT
AMBERSONS Frciri Dcoi'h TrrkhfgtonA Great Neve I — v/ith —• JC'.jEPH CC.TTcN dcloK^ccjtellq EAST EiDE KIDS
— IN — '.NEATH BROOKLYN " BRtCGE'
TOMORROW
vithCHARLES COBURN • percy kilbride • hattie mcdaniei,• william tracy
TODAY ■ .Trtd TOMORROW
,H S'*®"® i 8in9 and Bol, J
TODAY and WEONESDAT
QWiEN OF ARABir (Ootfy j
PKITAIN”
% YAiyii ^ETOi
EDMUND GWENjl -IAN HUNTER /
FREDDIE BARrHOLOMEW j LINOEN QUICLEV • MOWBRAY
•' t-UD" Sr.-'iw V •' vtJ IW.A Amenc^'s Fi'-sJ* Fia
TODAY and TOMORROW
ATI
■ A 'Y1Boilermaker Sports
I 4
I «
I 4
Ml' 4
Si 4
a ' I
.'!
iaitermalcers 41-37 t|ij:P^iije!d by men who seemed to be able to hit the hoop friom i:ei|Pi|4ace on the floor, a strong Toledo quintet handed the Boil.^(fmalairs their third defeat as the Rockets won 41-37 last'Fridil^f night on the Buckeye’s home,floor, T;^33;hi$ year’s edition of the Rockets isS'again' 'a; high-scoring thaiKi V4ith each man capable of-being high-Tpoint man in-any (gainei ■■Led by Dave Minor and ni.„ :j0hariey Harmon, who each ■s^ed) ten counters,, the Rock- :^$!; se€Kred most of their fleld " gb^ls^by the long shot method. If, tJUfiable to coach the team at Toledo,, Piggy Lambert turned 'thS; Sirefction of the Riveters''glay .ever to Mel Taube -while, the Quintet was'- fe Toledo. Again the' BoilerhtftkerSj in this contest as in othei’s, eould; ncft seeni to find the net the thstibalf. Again|t the Rockets the Riveters, could, make only 14 points in the'first half, while the Rockets 'Scbred 24. But then came the second 'haff-.of the ball game, and the Riveters turned on the steam and alihf^t p-assed up the Toledo team as they: came within two points of the Rockets .with but a minute to play. Anderson, Ehlers Lead Scoring • The Riveters were led by Myrwin ■Anderson and Ed Ehlers,,'who scored feleven and nine points, respectively. The Toledo'outfit used only five'men ^yith each of them taking a big part in the scoring, its no Rocket made tiitder six pointk Only one game have the Rockets lost and that 'was to the' DePaul Blue Demons, who also; defeated the Riveters.
, Purdue (37)
FG
FT
PF
Menke, f
.......2
2
1
Friend, f
.2
0
2
Swantz, c
0
0
1
Anderson, c
3
5
1
Ehlei’S; g
4
1
3
Lawson, g
2
1
3
Biddle, g
1
0
3
Totals
.....14
9
11
: Toledo (4l)
FG
FT
PF
■Minor,'f ....
4
3
3
Harmon, f
:.4
2.
- 3
'Glass, c
.......4
0
3
Grove, g
0
0
Bolyard, g
-T
1
3
:, .Totals;
18
'5
12
TP ... top scorer in Toledo clash 6 last Friday. • ' 4 ■ n Riveter Runners Prepare ^For Nee! With Hooslers 2 — Yesterday afternoon Coach PhiJ37 lip’s track squad began preparation for their first meet which is a.gainst TP Indiana the latter part • of the IQ month. Although none of the boys 10 were in tip top shape, the few re-. g maining from last year’s team and (5 some inexperienced men could be 7 seen .iogghig the track and doing various other indoor activities. .41 Originally the meet with Indiana
At the quarter-pole in the current basketball campaign, the Boilermaker basketball youngsters haye already displayed enough flashes of potential scoring power to indicate that they inay be more of a'factor ih’ ’mid-western hardwopd circles than' 'was expected at the start of thd''Season. " The sophomore - junior BoilerHijfker combination, with Capt. A1 Menke 'as the lone holdover regitfav frbVn last season,',although lackfh'g"the" scoring consistency of a 'Yetei'ah cdtiibiitation, has averaged'better than a point a minute in' Winni'hg' three'’out of its'first'six starts against formidable opposition. ■. . The Boilermakers have convificitigly demonstrated that' they are a “40 mimite” combination. Tvailing ’at the haff in five out of six games to date, they jiuve invariably come back strong in the second half to keep on the right side of the' vl'etory ledger. The second half'S'Gofmg barrage against' Notre Darhe, \vh^ netted 31 points in the final 20'bninutes of play, represents'-the 'oifensive^ “high” of the e'ai’ly,'season. Cbifipete S'Cofing data on the ten players who have seen action to date follows: QP FG FT PE TP Menki c. ... 6 23 14 11 60 Ehlers, g. ..... .... 6 23 14 16 60 Anderson,'! 6 16 12 8 44 Lawson, g. ........ 6 11 15 12 32 Friend,'f. .......... 6 . 9 1 8 19 Kercheval, f. .... 5 5 7 7 17 Biddle, f. 4 3 2 5 8 Kennedy, f. ...... 4 1 3 6 5 Morris, f. 2,1 O' 1 2 McVey, c. .: 1 0 0 O" 0 Swantz, c. 1 0 0 1 0
WavsL
By joe Dawson
Totals
6 92 63 75 247
was scheduled for January 23, but since a basketball game has been rescheduled for that date, the match will probably be moved up to Jan- . uary 28. , Accordin.g to Coach Phillip, a man docs not have to be experienced to make the Riveter track team. If he comes out for practice and. shows improvement and that he has . the 5;tuff, he Avill eventually make the Boilermaker squad and win his letter.
◄ Lanibert’ Vs. Hinkle Piggy Lambert and Tony Hinkle met again last night . . . this time for a change the now Lieutenant Hinkle had slightly the better of the ‘deal. In the past, Hifikle’s Butler Bulldogs- always gave Lambert’s Boileri'rtakers''a good gamg, but seldom could they come out on the lon.g end o-l the sGpre.riV.. . Bluejackets Better On Paper Last night Lieutenant Hinkle, gifted with 14 of the finest college and pro hardwood, players in the country, had a very decided advantage over Lambert and''b|s' group of scrappy sophomore and junior performers. However, Hinkl^rWas really sweating during that second period when the corabinatioii 'of Fi'iend, Brewer, Swantz, Ehlers and Lawson came to within three pointsiOf His'mighty Bluejackets . . . that one handed shot by his former protege at Butler, Bob Dietz, in the final seconds of play was like a gift from heaven to this great Bluejacket mentor. ◄ Hoosier Superiority Again A real credit .lio the superiority of Hoosier basketball was shown by the fact that of the 14 men who represented the Great Lakes Training Station last evening, 10 had formei'ly played on Indiana high school and Oollege teams. Dietz and Schumacher both played under Hinkle at.Butler. Sprowl and) Caress did a whale of a lot of playing here at Purdue (as if you didn’t know). ◄ Anderson And Klein From Gary Forrest Anderson-played at Gary as did Dick Klein, the sophomore sensation at Notthwestern a couple of years ago. Anderson and Klein are the only holdovers from last year’s Bluejacket crew. Gib.Huffman, brother, of Marvin and Vei'ri of the Newcastle Hnffmans, left the Hoosier state to play his college ball with Tennessee. George Sobek, Eddie Riska and John Hiller all played under George Keogan at Notre Dame. ◄ Sprowl Fourth In Scoring Incidentally, Frosty Sprowl now ranks fourth among the Great Lakes scorers, with 84 points. Bob Davies, the former Seton Hall star, who couldn’t seem to locate the basket laM night, still leads with a total of 104 points. For the Boilermakers, Ed Ehlers now leads Captain A1 Menke in the scoring department by a slim'margin of four points. M Officiating Undor Par > Just off hand we would say that the officiating by Adams and Kearns was very much under par last night. These two men usually do an unbiased job of arbitrating. Last night, however, they couldn’t seem to get together on their decisions.,
Class 'B' Basketball To Begin Next Week Competition in the Class “B” Basketball League will begin soon. Men who have played in any part of a .game in the Class “A” league are
HOWt j For Ybur DEBRIS NOW!!
Now On Sale At Registration
ineligible for Class “B” basketball. There will be separate competition for fraternity teams and for 'Ward teams. Games in the fraternity league will be double elimination (lose twice before the team is eliminated). Twenty-five participation points will be given to each fraternity competing, five points to the winner, and three points to the runner-up.. No medals will be presented to the winning team but the winning team will receive a trophy. Practice games will be Thursday, January 7, with the first round of regular games beginning on Tuesday, January 12.
Maroons In Next €u^ Next Saturday evening under the glarin^JfghtvS of house, out* Boilermakers will meet, the revenge-seekit^ll|» roohs of Chicago 'University. The Windy City on the red side of the ledger so far this season, from the 64-19 defeat they received- here during the I —- last season, they may ] Bhiejackets oi thev (Continued from page 1) The game last year Was.,»'a 35 as Anderson of the Riveters sank ooe-sidetl affair all ^e of tho Ghari^. tosses. Then ex- With Uncanny accuraejlim^^ Riveter Frosty Sprowl scored two ... , . „ . YC-v., ? 'fast baskets to give the Bliidjackets Lambert s Boilerm^ei^ an eight point margin. Tightening through Hie up again, the Riveters held on till ^ ^''^ry angle. The Jack Swantz tossed an overhand P^yed^an exaet^ oppos^-J^ shot from the side through the hoop to put the Boilermakei-s hack in the hopel^sljr ball game for a few more minutes. ^ Coach Ldftib^ Following Swantz’ example, Eddie substituted freely throughhut ^ Ehlers made a one-handed push shot encounter and the scrubs vout^efl from far out to bring the Riveters to add to the humiliation of to a five point margin. itois. ; 'f..a Hamburg of Navy scored again ^lew Strength ... ,* but "Rudy Lawson came through to Naturally the Maroonsi follow in one of his own shots to hoping for a different outdonte'tdtfe score and make the count 46 to 41., year. Backing up their hop^'wifl Then came Duffey Friend who ran he some new material which tMy the length of the floor to drop in have acquired since their last vi^ a one-handed shot to make the score to our Fieldhouse. The newest; of 46-43 with a minute and a hdlf 'to these is Bob Harrison, a 0 fckrt;^,'5 play. Bob Dietz put'the game'oii ice inch transfer student froth for Navy then as h’e scored a shot son University. Bob is the talleSt from the side to make the final score man that the Maroons have Had in read Great Lakes 48, Purdue 43. the last five years. Another neWThe summary: ' ■ ! comer to the Chicago roster; iS* AfGREAT LAKES (48) FG FT PF "^^ud Lilien, a speedy sophomdfe Anderson, f 2 2 1 8'tiard. , Davies, f. : 1 2 4 Captain Ed Nelson is one of the Sprowl, f. ;.. 3 2 3 veterans of the Maroon five. ,He Riska, f 2 0 0 teams "with Lou Nagy at the; foVGlamack, c. 1 0 3 'Vtard' pOsitions. Nagy is one of ther Klein, c ..: 0 2 2 inexperienced members of the cftfinr Hamburg, g. 5 0 2 tet, but his potent-sharpsHodtiiig Sobek, g. ......: 3 14 ability has earned him his berth'on Dietz, g 2 1 0 the starting combination. LeIict — — ^— and Jim Crosbie, a defensive tiriaH Totals : 19 19 of some renown, share the-.gtiard PURDUE (43) FG FT PF duties. At the pivot post, Bob Ga&^ Anderson, f ; 0 3 3 ley 'usually gets the starting!; cAlL Friend f. 2 1 2 Oakley is the high point man.of this Morris f. 0 6 1 season’s Maroon squad with; an ayBrower f. . 1 0 2\ of nine markers per garde. Biddle, f. .; 0 0 0 Demons vs. Maroons : ; ' Menke, c. .;.... i 3 2 4 Last night the Maroons .took; pB Kennedy, c 2 0 3 their local rival^, the Blue Deiiaoiis Swantz, c. ..! i 0 1 of DePaul. When this edition weilt Ehlers, g. . 4 4 2 to press, the outcome of thisi.enLawson, g 2 3 3 counter was unknown, but thfi:iiertt.- — — — ons were a heavy favorite q-ve;^; the Totals ;15 13 21 C. U. lads. DePaul was seekijl^.its Free throws missed: . Anderson eighth straight victory, ■Whilbrtftti (3) , Klein (3), Hamburg (3), Dietz Maroons were hoping for theif, (4) , Glamack, Sobek, Brower, victory in 25 starts. One of DeRarfKs Friend, Swantz,. Menke (2), Ehlers victories this season came:'asfljie (3), Lawson. result of a 45-37 win over ouriBta'i'Referee, Nick Kearns, DePaul; ermakers in the latter part of. last umpire, Glenn Adams, DePauw. - year.
Everything for a r
DOUGLAS SHOES
ENRICHED BREAD:,.; j
College Education
$5.50- $6.50
FOR BETTER NUTRITION |
PURDUE SHOE STORE
TRY OURS l
DEAC’S
302 State St. West Lafayette
GRAVES Quality
LAliNDRY
(ts$siFes our dry
liingering ttaces of "cleaning” or perspiration odor in garments not only destroy self-confidence but necessitates more frequent cleaning.. At "clothes-saving headquarters”, the finest of cleaning materials anti special deodorizing equipment is employed to make fabrics fresh, odor-free.
Go WESTERN Authentic Western designs on specially tanned saddle leather : ; these belts and braces are stampeding thenation'swardrobes. Lasso yourself a couple for your school wardrobe.
HICKOK bAr-h
MEN'S SHOP —STREET FLOOR4%Z-' '.i'f u’,-
^fc'ti-
ll-
I. ..'"iH^vi/r'
Purdue ExponejM
Tuesday^ Jaduaty S,
Mi
AYE JL ^ X ^M g
THE
TO SAVE
YOUR-R-R MONiY!
MM
USE SOUTHWORTH’S
Our Shelves Are Filled With Books for Your Every Course— ' USED BOOKS or NEW if you Prefer
Bring in your old Books—they're worth CASH or MORE in TRADE Your old books are good if they are for courses being offered this semester.
COMPLETE ENGINEERING NEEDS for everyone from freshmen up — ★ Drawing Sets ★ Slide Rules .jJ
COMPETE SUPPLIES FOR THE SCIENCE, HOME EC. STUDENT
★ Paper
REMEMBER TO GET YOUR ★ Notebooks ★ Pencils, Peris In Your One Stop.
STOP!
DON'T FORGET TO GET THESE- — FREE ITEMS — liir Desk and Hand Blotters 'k Schedule Cards ★ Book Covers ★ Campus Maps
— SERVICES — ★ Currency Exchange —Checks Cashed ★ Western Union—- Notary Public / ★ Packages Wrapped ★ Victory Trailway Bus Depot
P. S. Sorry — No deliveries this semester. We've got an "A" card, too.
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T; LA FAYETTE - IND.
f/v rill:!'
il'^W ''f
SI ,,
i T 'it',: