SThe Pursue ISxpaaent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA* TUESDAY, JANUARY 26,1937
NUMBER 84
Refugees Evacuate Swollen Flood Areas
Students Anxious Over Parents In Flood Zone
Whereabouts Of Many Families Unknown^ Louis'ville Reporter Tells Of Fight To Save Lives
Jeffersonville Left To Angry Waters
By A. H. Forster
Scores of anxious Purdue students whose parents are endangered in the flood zone of the Ohio River crowded about radios last night, finals forgotten, hoping for bits of informa-
tion from home.
It was impossible to send telegrams or make phone calls to the stricken area. Some of the students have received phone
calls from parents who were
about to leave their homes for higher ground as the angry waters closed in. Others have not heard from their parents for days. Louisville Reporter Gives Story A graphic story of the stark tragedy in the Louisville, New Albany, and Jeifersonville district was personally brought to Lafayette yesterday by Clifford Robinson, re-porter-photographer for the Louisville Courier-Journal which has now beased publication because of the flood. Order Evacuation of New Albany “Military authorities have ordered the evacuation of New Albany,” he declared. “They have long sinCe given up hope of saving anything but human lives. As for Jeffersonville ... it is practically no more. If the inhabitants of that city are not evacuated already they are all drowned because the entire city is under water. 16 Feet Deep “Approximately three-fifths of New Albany is under water. The watter is six feet deep above the electric stop signs on one street in town,?' he continued. Robinson brought back seven photograph plates of flood scenes in the vicinity of Louisville which he sold to an Indianapolis paper. He was forced to leave behind 30
January 26, 1937 IMAGINE a class where you can attend dressed in pajamas and a lounging robe; to be able to cut whenever in the mood; where no attendance is taken; and where you can walk out when you fe^l like it I Such is the case at the University of Oregon, where a class in art appreciation is broadcast once a week. —30— whenever a young man swears undying devotion, says Dr. Calvin Stone, of Stanford University, he should hold his head instead of clasping his hands over his heart. What counts, says the doctor, is the pituitary gland at the base of the skull. Most young men, however, still clasp their hearts because they are aware that they will be holding their heads soon enough. . —"'30 - ** You leaned down from great stars and struck a match. My cigarette was tipped with sharp surprise. My wakened heart pulsed forward, strained to catch * The meaning of blue lightning in your eyes. You leaned down from strange stars and 1 not wise To read your smile that seemed half a caress. Saw stars . . . and burned a hole in my new dress. —So. Calif. Daily Trojan. CAMPUS queens, crowns, beauty, and femininity have reigned on practically every campus in America, but not at Texas Christian University. Man—and the ugliest man at that—soon will reign as “King Kong” for a day. Each year a day is set aside to pay homage to masculinity and ugliness . ..
cut films which had been developed but were too soggy to transport. Robinson had been cut off from his paper for several days before
it suspended publication.
Box Car Pullmans
Robinson is staying with R . R. Dorsey, 227 Wood street, sophomore chemical. Dorsey’s parents who lived in New Albany, also arrived yesterday. They told of being crowded into box cars like so many head of cattle and shipped out of the danger zone. National guardsmen who are'^ managing the evacuation do not ask refugees where they are going, they merely herd them into cars and dispatch the cars. Family? Rebecca Thornbrough, when contacted last night, said she hadn’t heard from her parents for four days. “I hope I still have a family but I hope -they’re not still in New Albany. The last thing father said to me was that he was buying a lot of groceries, bqt they won’t keep the river away from the door.”, Etta Best, whose parents lived in New Albany, hasn’t heard ftom them and she has been nibble -to reach them. “I might say I was' a trifle worried,” she admitted last night. “But all I can do is hope for the best and that I still-have a family.” Student Leaves To Find Parents
e. O. Black wasn’t satisfied to stay in Lafayette anfl hope toif news of his folks. He left here on Sunday njght bound for New Albany and hasn’t been heard from since. Warnings issued from the flood zone have been for all anxious persons to stay away. The Red Cross and other ofiidals have their
(Continued on page 4)
Red Cross Solicits Aid
Lafayette townspeople got ready yesterday to receive refugees from the flooded districts. A ti^ainload of homeless Louisvillians numbering between 600 and 1,000 was expected herb yesterday and last evening, but it never got through. The train started from Louisville but turned bqck after a few miles and scattered the refugees. Train Pails To Arrive A regular train was expected to arrive in Lafayette sometime this morning. No special train has been scheduled. At a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the Lafayette courthouse an Ohio Flood Relief committee was formed, with Mayor W. N. Teal as chairman. $1500 Raised Here The Red Cross is soliciting donation, trying to reach a quota of $1600. Late yesterday afternoon $1,600 hal already been contributed. Receiving headquarters for any homeless refugees has been set up in the council chamber in the courthouse. WBAA, University radio station, has been broadcasting intermittent pleas for bedding and matresses, cots, food and nurses. Three internes and one nurse left for New Albany night before last. Several trucks, ten boats, and miscellaneous supplies were sent into the flood districts yesterday. The Lafayette unit of the National Cruard, and the ambulance corps (Continued on page 4)
Eileen McEwan Tells Of Stricken New Albany
By H. I. Stanback
Flood conditions in the Louisville district present the most horrible sights, and the most suffering I ever experienced! Jefferson-ville is entirely wiped out! No one knows how many dead or injured are trapped flood victims are still there; In New Albany the police and National Guard have things fairly well under control. Louisville is worse off than New Albany but people are fast being taken out of town.” These statements summed up the impressions of Mrs. Joe Binford, formerly Eileen McEwan, home economics ’36, who arrived in Lafayette, direct from the heart of the flooded areas, on the Monon last night at 8:00.
Mrs. Binford lives on one of the
highest points in New Albany, not far from the Red Cross station. Breathlessly, and with a note of horror in her voice she related last night her experiences of the past few days, as follows: “After the water closed in around us we were two days getting food! Ten people were starving in our small house. When we finally got food, we got enough to last for two
weeks.
Fill Bathtub With Water “We could only get water from four until five in the afternoon. We filled the bathtub every day, and then boiled every drop of it as we used it. The electricity has been off since Thursday. Gas was available until this noon. When that turned off I decided I had to leave. We had no way of heating the house. I left my husband, tdok my baby son, and set out for Lafayette about 11 o’clock this morning. “Fire, flu, and typhoid are the chief disasters facing the tri-city area. Gasoline and oil tanks float down the river every few hours. Several have exploded and set fire to eversrthing in their wake. Typhoid is not yet serious but influenza is running rampant among the homeless. Refugee Trains “While we were waiting for the train to Lafayette, we saw the railroad men making up a train for refugees. The police were loading the people into boxcars, jamming them like the street cars going to a Purdue game. Every family had a dog or cat or other pet, and they would not leave them behind^ After a boxcar was full of wet, chilled humans, animals, and slush from the streets, the police would lock the doors, leaving them in the dark and without heat. One train passed us hauling eight such boxcars. The conductor said there were about 800 people aboard! “I met one very wealthy, middleaged wqman ftom Louisville who had been locked in one of the boxcars all morning. Crying, she said to me, ‘Here I am. I have four diamond rings, my little boy, and my purse. That’s all I have in the world. The last thing I saw of my home was my two priceless oriental rugs floating out a window!’ Backwater Menace “Backwater hit-our end of town night before lasj:. Backwater is the destructive element of the flood. It comes in a great wall whenever a dam or levee gives way. Folks went to bed that night warm and secure in the knowledge thajt the water was blocks away. Then the backwater came, and in a half hour people were being taken in boats from second story windows. “The New Albany hospital is under three feet of water. They need
Cincinnati, Jan. 26—Shortly before midnight last night the suspension bridge connecting Covington, Kentucky, with this city, was closed to traffic. High water over the approaches to the bridge necessitated immediate jreconstruction. Officials plan to have the tjyo approaches built up high enough to accomodqte traffic by seven o’clock this morning. —30 — Louisville, Jan. 25.—^With water standing at a depth of three feet at the' corner of Third and Broadway, in the h4^art of the city. Gov. A. B. “Happy” Chandler ordered martial law for flood-stricken areas in and around Louisville, to combat disease, panic, desolation, and starvation. A crest of 56 feet was recorded at midnight with a {predicted crest of 58.1 feet by Tuesday night or Wednesday. The previous record was established in 1884, when a crest of 46.7 feet was recorded. Flood stage here is 28 feet. I —30—*-5 Evansville, Jam 26.—-The rampant Ohio stood at 52.2 feet at midnight last night as 55,000 persons left their homes and sought higher ground. Flood stage here is 35 feet, and normal stage is 20 feet. Special trains sped thousands of refugees northward to food, warm shelter, clothing, and sleep. The entire southern part of the state has been placed under martial law by order of State Adjutant General E. F. Straub.
medicine badly. Coal is available only in one place in New Albany. That is the Hoosier Panel Company factory. They have two carloads and are doling it out to refugees who beg it as a last resort. Louisville Inundated “As evidences of the advances of the Ohio in Louisville, the report came today that the Brown Hotel, located in the heart of Louisville’s business district, has water three feet deep in the main lobby. “The official report came today that unless rain comes a peak of 66 feet is expected Wednesday. More rain is expected, however. “The whole situation is beyond a doubt the worst I could have ever imagined. I never dreamed there could be so much suffering in such a small place. Day and night the air is rent with the screams of trapped pet animals. Wonderful things have Jbeen done to save human life, however. Up to this morning only one person had been reported dead in the city of New Albany.”
Road School To Show
Equipment Tomorrow
Grade Separation, Highway Mainienance, Subjects of Discussion Their problems emphasized by the present hazardous condition of many of the highways in the state, city, and county, state officials, contractors, and materials and equipment men gathered at Purdue University yesterday afternoon for the opening of the twenty-third an^al road school. The school will continue through Friday
morning with a comprehensive program covering the design of highways, construction procedure, maintenance operations, equipment, and traffic requirements, as well as various other of the phases of the highway problems. As one of the features of the school, the annual road show, sponsored by the Highway Materials and Equipment Association, will open in the Purdue Armory following the conclusion of tomorrow afternoon’s technical sessions to continue through Thursday morning. Manufacturers’ representatives were busily engaged yesterday morning in placing their exhibits in preparation for the opening of the show. General Session This Morning Today’s program will include a general session in the morning, and separate sessions in the afternoon for state highway maintenance men, state highway cpnstruction men, the country road supervisors, and county enginers. Following registration this morning the conference was officially opened this afternoon with an address of welcome by Dr. W. K. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineering and a response by C. Dana Ward of Indianapolis, President of the Highway Materials and Equipment Association. Discussed G^es The progress that has been made in grade separation and protection was discussed by Js V. Smythe, in charge of bridge design for State Highway Commission, while Prof. W. A. Knapp assis*tant dean of engineering at Purdue University, who is in charge of the engineering extension department, outlined the services of the University available to road men. The opening session was brought to a close with the showing of a strip of film on “Country Roadsides Restored” prepared by the U. S. Bureau of Public Roads.
Prof. Ben H. Petty, member of the civil engineering faculty, who is chairman of the Vommittee in charge of the twenty-third annual road school at the University this week.
Student Union Gains Faculty Recognition
Kizer Apologizes For Henry Attack
Director of Athletics, Noble E. Kizer, has sent letters of apology to both Coach Doug Mills of the University of Illinois five'and Wib Henry, guard. Kizer stated that he was sorry that the attack on Henry following the Illinois game on January had occurred. Coach Mills said that the letters were received in the same sportsmanlike spirit that they had been sent in.
Apply For Co-ed NYA Blanks At Dean’s Office
All women desiring N. Y. A. work blanks should get them immediately at the Dean of Women’s Office. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the Dean of Women, announced last night that all blanks must be returned by February 1.
The Purdue Student Alliance was officially recognized by the University yesterday. The Purdue Student Alliance is affiliated with the nation-wide organization known as the American Student Union, which has two hundred chapters in colleges and secondary schools in 27 states. The American Student Union came into existence one year ago at a convention held at Ohio State University. In the A. S. U. will be found representatives of many different political, economic, and religious beliefs, brought together because of a common interest in a • program of peace, freedom, equality and security. Studies Social Affairs The A. S. U. not only studies and discusses trends in current social affairs but proposes and carries out definite plans of action. It is a democratic organization and the opinions of the minority are respected, if not acted upon. The peace demonstration held on this campus last April was part of a nation-wide demonstration proposed and conducted imder the auspices of the A. S. U. The program of the local chapter for this year will be published later along with a statement of its proposed activities. The alliance will arrange for a meeting place on the campus, and will shortly hold a meeting for the election of officers and new membrs. The alliance has aheaty a membership of thirty-one.
A Strange Story
THIRD LEVEL
By Rolierl Martin
Editors Note: The foUewinc story, written by Robert Martin, a student at Nertbwestem University, was printed in' The Daily Northwestern.
No, I didn’t believe it. That is, not at first, but after I went to see him that last time—well—i don’t know. I guess I may as well tell you the whole story, or as much of it as 1 know. It’s quite a long story, so fill your pipes, gentlemen, and put another log on the fire. Ah, that’s fine. Now let me see ,.. Most of you remember Roger Alcorn, I think. He came from New Haven, about twenty years ago, or thereabouts. Old man Alcorn, bis father, was a fine old fellow, a professor in the wqrkshop at Yale.
Roger was brought up among the ivy and traditions of did Yale, a small, energetic feUow, whose consuming curiosity about some things was his father’s delight and his own undoing, as we shall see. Roger's Early Life My father was a professor at Yale also, and that’s why I know so much about Roger’s earlier life. I didn’t know him well, you understand, but I know as much about him as anyone. The ^coms had been blessed with Roger late in their married life and were, therefore, quite elderly folks by the time ho was full grown. Living with the old folks as he did.
he didn’t have much chance to meet and know people his own age. He was alone a great deal. When he was about eighteen to twenty years old, he used to hang around the old Yale museum, all alone^ and just walk around and look, sometimes a whole day at a time. The Egyptian relics in the place semned to fascinate him. Encouraged ty his father, he began a wide research in Egyptian pieces, and I have Seen him, when he did not see me, looking at those mummiea vHHi queerest expression on his face. A dazed, or hypnotized look, sort of, I thought it was dashed strange,
that look, and I never could ^turq it out until— Expedition Planned ~ Well, as I say, I never did get to know Roger well, and for times I wouldn’t see him at all. I left Yale at the end of my senior year without having seen Roger for quite a while. I settled down'here in CMcago, as you know, and forgok all about Roger and his Kgyptiait mub seum comi^ex. You cau imaghee ny aurpdna^ then, when shout fifteoa yearn lator —on a Sunday evening it wan** who should walk uBannomisftd into my library hut Roger Alcorn. Ha (C(onidnued an |dga
'Am
'i’-i
.Ar ■V/ V w \
4
\
\
Page Two
THBJ I»URl)Ufi EXPONENT
Tuesday, Jantiary 26, i987
To The Rescue
With the most disastrous floods in history now ravaging the Ohio Valley, leaving hundreds of thousands homeless, the Red Gross has once again taken up the fight to ameliorate the pathetic plight of these hungry, homeless thousands. And the Red Cross, as usual, has gone into the battle magnificently, with all colors flying, and is doing a wonderful work in caring for those in distress. Unfortunately, the financial side must be considered even in this most charitable, humane activity, and the Red Cross has issued a national appeal for funds. This is one disaster that is close to all of us,- both in miles and in feelings, and therefore one to which we should be most inclined to give as much money or food as possible to help our less fortunate neighbors to the south. Once again the Red Cross has come through for us. Will we do as much for the Red Cross ?
Labor’s Big Club
One of the most important disputes hi the history of American labor is the strike now in full force in the automobile industry. It is important for a large number of reasons: it marks the first real attempt of the Committee for Industrial Organization to organize a fhajor industry in direct defiance of the mandates of the American Federation of Labor ; it IS one of the first big strikes instigated by a group which has but a minority of the workers involved enrolled under its banner; it is one of the few major strikes against any industry which pays relatively high wages for relatively few hours work, at least as it is judged by standards of a decade ago; and it IS the first major test as to whether a union not representative of the workers shall be given the sole right for collective bargaining. Despite the fact that this strike may mean life or death to General Motors, which is losing money by the millions, these other issues may in the long run prove of more importance to the nation as a whole, (don’t forget the “w”). The present strike might be considered as a gigantic “test case,” whose results will guide both capital and labor in future disputes. Upon it will depend in large measure the trend and success of future efforts of the C. I. 0., an organization which has thrown the labor world into a civil war, with the ultimate future of the unions and the laborer hanging in the balance. This strike will determine if minority groups, by reason of national affiliations, may unhesitantly assume the sole right to bargain collectively for all workers who are eligible for membership, regardless of whether or not they belong to this particular union, or any other union. Eventually the issue of the closed shop will descend upon the major industries, and the results of the present strike will in large measure control that issue. The automotive industry was one of the pioneers in the field of shorter working hours and higher pay. Instead of selecting an industry in which conditions were not fairly good, the C, I. 0. took the bull by the horns and went into the struggle with an industry which has, by its past performances, been among the lead^s in promoting better working conditions, inis strike will show whether such in4ustries can be successfully fought, and whether public opinion will back the unions in their fight. Other strikes planned by the C. I. O. for the near future, as in the steel industry, will be guided by the results and experiences of that in progress today.
Thd Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
No Longer Alone
To the Editor: I had decided until I read last Saturday’s Exponent that I was alone in my condemnation of the fans’ attitude at the Illinois bas-
tlTiie $urliue exponent
r*widc4 ill 1881
Sntend as second class matiter at the poet office. Lafayette. Indiana. DeUvered by maU. 88.60 per year: delivered by earner. 82.60 per year: ei^d by single copy. 2 cents. MAIN OFF1C&-812 North Filth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Paily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITOBIAL STAFF i!dttor-ip-Chlef W T. Hunt Managing Editor „.,..EH. Morris Asaoriati EdKoia K. A. Barnette. 3. E. Brock. A H. Forster, Rs Pe Maiiiona C« L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey. J. A. Chapin. 3. R. Clark. L. S. Hardin, C. D. Scbroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance E H KeUpgg. K. E, O’NeP, WOMBNV STAFF Editor „ Helen Creech Aafociata Editors..^ ^ ^ ^ Deanna Janousdc, Doris McCartney, £ilizabeth Pyke Mrartbing Manager .Betty Bamed „ . .. BUSINESS STAFF BotfBesa Uaaaeet ^ , R J. Hntee Nal^nal Advertising Manager ™ , „ _ L H. Brown Least Adi^rtfsina Manager _ D. C, Miller CireMlatlon Manager „ „ ™... 3. P. Girard SPORTS STAFF Mfipr— „ _ _ J L. D.Wobd H WSeld, S R- Griffiths. R. F Obenchain ^' Isiiis |UitoF->D. A, Bailey
ketball game, but I must admit that 1 was pleasantly suriirised to read|that I am not the only person left who is sufficients ancient and out-of-date to expect’Si'mob bt educated persons to conduct itself in a manner not to be disgraceful. Now, to those readers who have come this far in my editorial, let me say that that which is to come will not, perhaps, be extremely pleasant, but it will be fair; so unless you have decided to put your pride (falsely called “school spirit”) behind you and pause long enough for some sane and sensible reasoning, I would advise you to stop reading now. On page three of last Saturday’s Exponent will be found a letter written by Mr, Fred Lawrence (presumably an Illinois man) to our sports editor. I won’t, of course, say to your satisfaction if Mr. Lawrence’s statements and accusations were just, but if you read the letter, the chances are that your mind is already made up on this score; so rather than attempt to convince you that Mr. Lawrence was right, let me put two and two together and see if I get four. In the first place Mr. Lawrence spoke of the game in such terms as filthy, sullied, and sordid ; he referred to our victories as being underhanded, cheap, and meaningless; he called our players cunning, but Mr. Lawrence was not unsupported in his views, for he went so far as to send our editor some clippings from the Champaign News-Gazette, the Daily Illini, and the Champaign Evening Courier, and which were very liberally reprinted by the Exponent in spite of the fact that they were anything but complimentary to Purdue. Now, it would seem to me that the very fact that Mr. Lawrence is backed by three newspapers (even though they may have a slight tendency to be prejuideed) in his views should be sufficient to prove to the most ardent Purdue enthusiast that something is not right. I do not accuse Purdue men and Women of being totally wrong on this score, but I do denounce most severely any person who attempts m any way to justify the disgusting display of ignorance of sportsmanship which I witnessed (not by any means for the first time) at our Illinois game. I don’t pretend to be a critic of the game of basketball, but I do say that the championship qf your beloved state of Indiana in this game is something to be ashamed rather than proud of if all games are played under such conditions as were present at our last game. One writer in the Champaign Evening Courier was kind enough to place the blame for our rotten display of ethics on the Lafayette townspeople in the crowd rather than on the Purdue people; he should have an orchid because after what happened at the Illinois game I should say that we deserve no credit whatsoever even if townspeople are to blame for our disgraceful conduct. If Purdue is to take the credit offered her for her victories, then let her also assume the responsibilities incurred by her losses. If our crowd is to take credit for the excellent ovation given to Bob Riegel when he left the game on personals, then let us also take credit for that little incident which occurred after the game. We had as much to do with precipitating the one as we did the other. Yes, Mr. Lawrence, you are right; here is a chance for us to do some real good for our school.—Joe Rittenhouse.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER Th* miU im< Misum0 rttfomiHUtr /«r <A« opMom etietd M tUt lalumm. Muck mptcictu mrc scUlf Aotc «/ the writer
Sportsmanship
The open letter sent by the sports editor of the University of Illinois paper has aroused much criticism. The striking thing about the situation is that most of these self-appointed critics are in entire agreement with the man from Illinois. For many years the sportsmanship of Purdue basketball teams and fans have been a minus quantity. Many of us are ashamed to go home and tell our friends we are from Purdue, at least, during the net season. The fact that we win so many games makes it all the more embarrassing, especially for those of us with consciences. Noy^ the subject has been brought into the open. I, for one, am glad that it has. The disagreeable situation has been the subject of comment for many years, but nothing has ever been done or said openly. Perhaps now something will be done. It’s not just the team at fault; it’s we who make up the crowd as well. At that, the town people are the ones who do most of the things for which the students get blamed. This is not as it should be; students have to take enough of the responsibility for the things w'hich they do, without taking it for the actions of the townspeople also. It is indeed sad that boors and poor sports, like a few (very few, I am pleased to note) of the Lafayette sports fans, are still permitted to attend Purdue basketball games.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honors ary and social groups. At Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.^ b* Abolish useless honoraries und reduce honorary fe«s.
I’m so tired thut I can’t appreci ate the fact that my portion of finals are over—^here is a carload of sympathy to the rest of you slaves . . .
CO-ED SENTIMENT My parents told me never to smoke. I don’t. Or listen to a dirty joke, I don’t. They made it clear I must not wink At handsome fellows, or even think About intoxicating drink; I don’t. To dance and flirt is very wrong, I don’t Wild women crave whiskey, wine, and song; I don’t. I kiss no boys, not even one, I do not know how it is done; You wouldn’t think I’d have much fun, I DON’T!!
The old story of a gal’s going googoo, ga-ga, etc, for the man in the band — MARION ALTHER looks like a sick cow whenever GLEN WRIGHT, bass fiddle player in JOHNNY AMMERMAN’S band, is around—she has nevei met GLEN but Saturday night when they were playing at the UNION she sure looked his way plenty often—and in the SS it was just as bad ...
The Sigs have the right idea when comes to taking care of guys that owe them cigars or cigarettes— LOUIS PUTZE gave GINNY HULSE, theta prize package, a Sig ring for Christmas and the boys decided that it called for cigarettes—Mr. PUTZE didn’t agree—so a hair-cut-ting party developed—the result is a broken window in the Sig house and the loss of a few curly locks from LOUIE’S head . . . LOU stiH claims that he isn’t going to donate butts but the Sigs feel different on the subject.. who will win? ? ? . . .
AUDREY'-RLOW seems to have her own version of the flood—^for she has been trying to tell her Pi fi sisters that the Wabash is at their door—she even imagines m her spells that it is in the Beta living room and called up that house about one Saturday night to ask how bad it was—do you have those spells often AUDREY’? . . ,
HERE IS WHAT STAN WIRTH SENT IN AS AN AD: Found—Lady’s purse which was left in my car ■^hile it was parked. Owner can have same by paying for this ad If said owner will explain to my wife I will pay for the ad myself
WIN-^FOUR--MARS PASSES— It is easy, four MARS PASSES will be awarded for the best idea concerning a MARS PASS CONTEST to be run in this column—turn in your ideas at the UNION DESK at any time before school reopens on February 4. ..
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
m FILLED A MAX’S JOD HLAWKISSTAIIIIliT HERSHEWASALLWOMAXI
iiA"
AH Color
—Added** ^ CARTOON IN CGIiOR
“Listen—you dopes, the correct words of the song are *Wah wha hi de hey’—‘Wah wah be hoo de boo’!”
Students Win
4-H Club Trip
Three prominent Hoosier 4-H club members who are students at the University were announced yesterday by the State 4-H Club department at the University as Indiana’s delegates to the National 4-H Club Camp to be held in Washington, D. C. in June. They are Marietta Johnson, Lowell Hardin, and Max Skinner Marietta Johnson, 18, from Gaston, Delaware County, freshman in the school of home economics, has completed eight years of club work, 30 projects, and four years of union leadership work. Hardin Wins Tnp Lowell Hardin, 19, Knightstown, sophomore m the school of agriculture, and assistant on the Exponent, was a member of the winning 4-H club Livestock team at the 1933 Inter^fiational Livestock Exposition, and has completed eight years of 4-H Club work.
FAMILY
TODAY—WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
A LAFF PANIC. .! HOWLS! HYSTERICS!
Max Skinner, 19, of Lafayette, whose record of ten years of club work and thirty-two completed projects won him first place in the national 4i-H meat animal contest in 1934, IS also a sophomore in the school of agripulture at Pnrdue.
ARC
TODAY—WEDNESDAY
Kermit Maynard in
“PHANTOM PATROL” —and— Charles Collins and Steffi Dupa
“DANCING PIRATE” —Also— Popeye Cartoon
NOW SHOWING
YOUR HEART WILL RING WHEN YOU HEAR HIM SING THOSE SONGS OF DIXIELAND I
The sensational n|ne-yeai>oI4 star of “Let’s Sing Again” will win you forever in this tenderly beautiful sfoir of a little boy from “souf o’ Dixie Line.”
CHARLES ’ Butterworth
—Added— Latest News Events
Stars Can’t Go Wrong
NEO SPAliKS RITZ fROTIffit ii 'DON AMtCHE ^ JEhN H^RSHQIT wxlf’oufeiXR
WW!,. , "OUAINT ^UBi(M8G» I
Today—Wedn* s a>
MABS^ il,
i t 1 'j
4 i
V S «
V S «
T I fi~fiiiiM‘ilit-iAl< II
nul ^ Ainbi^B^. Takes
Class W^Billiard M^et;^Cohee Second
The CJa?8 ,"A” hilHsrd tourpa^ meat, i«^hile not compMed* was won by Amhroaen in six straight games, making 60 points in each. S. M. Gohee at lOi) handicap appears to be the rUnnemp althongh he has one more game to play. Cohee also holds the high run honor pf 21 straight points. Ophee and Coach Whitney are to play this evening, demonstrating the new game of “28.2 balk line” at which game the champions, Hoppe and Schaefer, met last night at Chicago to commence their match of 2,600 points. These championship games are broken up into blocks of ^60 points each and are to be played ''every afternoon and evening of this week.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
PWKappaTau f IT Tt th LiCaaB I-r Kace
Hold FoliP Point
gin Over PM Psi’s
l?^ith a total of 216 points for pprtieipatipn, the Phi Kappa Tan fr)|ternity is leading the race for the most coveted intramural trophy of each year. Haying eptered every sports event of the year, the Phi Tau's hdve been able to* take the lead by winning the touchball contest Which gave them ten points and the class “A” squash match which gave them five points.
Only four points behind the leaders are the Phi Psi’S with a total of 211 points which are the results of three seconds. Meeting the Phi Tau's in the finals of the touchball and class ^*A” squash, the Phi Psi’s had to be satisfied with second place both times. Pall golf was the other second place that the Phi Psi’s managed to collect.
208 Points For Phi Belts The winners of the fall golf match the Phi Belts, are in third place with a total of 208 points. Five points were received for the golf match and three points for second place in the class “B” squash match.
A total of 200 points has been received by every fraternity that pai«ticipate din all of the fall athletic events. Fraternities that have over 200 and have not been mentioned are: S. A. E. with 206 points, and the Phi Gamm’s and Kappa Big’s with 203 points each.
Third Level
(Continued from page 1)
was a straight little man, with grey eyes and straight black hair, and a habit of staying at a person. He asked if I rememberd him, which I did, inquired after my health, then fell silent. I was finally obliged to ask him pointblank what it was he wanted. It seems that ho had come to see me in the interests of a new Yale Museum. Having heard that I was wealthy, he had decided to ask me to contribute some of my “enormous wealth” toward an expedition to Egypt, to be headed by himself. Strange Secret Well, I didn’t think much of the idea at first, but Roger explained that this was no ordinary expedition. He knew something, he said, something that he could not tell me, which would make this expedition the most famous caravan that ever explored the mysteries of old Egypt. He was very vague about that part of the idea. I told him that I’d think it over, and he left. I did think it over, especially the mysterious part. I remembered the fanatical look in those grey eyes as he said, /“I can’t tell you that— yet.” So the next day I sent him a check. I heard nothing more of the affair for two years, and was about to charge the expedition off my accounts as experience gained, when 'one day late in September, Roger Alcorn rc-appeared in the door of my library. He looked terrible. He was weak, thin, and the lustre qf his eye had been replaced by a sort of glare. He muttered that he had something to tell me, and dropped into that chair. He told me a strange tale.
Ancient Curse
Back in the days at Yale, he had discovered on the inside of a mummy case, some old hieroglyphics which told a strange tale, threatened a strange evil. The words, deciphered only by Roger, were .these, “Wbdsoever enters the third level of the tomb of TU-KElrAI between the hours of midnight and dawn, shall be, in punishment, transformed from man into a hairy beast, hideoqs and murderous. If, however, the man-beast shall repeat his folly'^, he shall go back into the tomb, aqd sit Upoa the floor for three days, talking neither food nor water the whole time. Then will his body be^ come as normalj the hair disappear-
ing first from the face, then the neck, and so on down the body, the legs and feet being the last to be transformed.” That’s it, Jerry, a sort of JekyllHyde idea. The Curse Works
About two weeks after they had arrived at the tomb of TU-KEL-AI, Roger and another fellow accidentally discovered the entrance to the third level, where they found repeated the same warning as was on the mummy case in New Haven. This other fellow, Bob^^ his nanie was, implored Roger to let him^nter the third level aftep midnight that night. Roger refused. About three o’clock the following morning, a shot was heard, fired nearby. Shouting for Bob who slept in an adjoining tent, to follow, Roger raced toward the place where the shot had been fired His nativeguides were there before him clustered around something on the ground. That something was a huge ape-like monster, with stiff black hair, a hideous thing, but now quite dead. Bob could not be found.
Roger Returns Shortly after this, Roger told me, his native workmen left him, and he was forced to return to America. Now, he wanted to return to the tomb of TU-KEL-AI. I didn’t believe the story and refused to give him any more money. A few days later I heard that he had left for Egypt; where he got the money, I don’t know to this day. Again this was the last I heard of him for two years. This time I went to see him, and under not very pleasant conditions. He was confined in the StatelnsaneAsylum. I read in the paper that upon his return from Egypt, he had been committed to the institution, and so I decided tfiot it was only fitting that I go and visit the poor fellow, He was utterly hopeless, a raving maniac. Kept screaming “Two days. Two days. No food No water. Don’t drive me out, don’t drive me out.” I in no way connected this -with his former life until in a mad frenzy, he tore open the leg of his trousers. The leg th$it was exposed was to: tally covered with stiff, 'thick black hail*, matted and dirty, as on the log of a beast. Goodnight, gentlemen.
s hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4,00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
B22 MMn St.
Purdu6 Sportsman's Creed
The true Boilermaker sporteiimn believes: That all athletic opponents are guests and should be treated with the courtesy due from Purdue as a host. That all decisions of officials be accepted without question. That players or officials Should never be hissed or booed. That abhsive language from the sidelines is the mark of a poof sportsman. That applatise is due opponents who make good plays or show good sportsmanship. That no attempt should be made to rattle an opposing player, such as a man attempting a free throw in basketball or the pitcher in baseball. That the “game’’ should be won by fair and lawful means, abiding at all times by the real spirit of the rules. That the “game” should be loved for ite ovm sake and not for what victory may bring. That “games” should be “won without boasting and lost -without excuses.” That “-win or lose,” Purdue’s teams deserve wholehearted support. (Sponsored by Reamer Club, Gimlet Club, Gold Peppers and P. A. A.)
Influenza Cases On Decrease Here
According to word received fyom the Student Health Ser-vice last night, the so-called “flu’’ epidemic is on the wane at the University. Dr. S. J. Miller stated that the-peak had been reached foqr or five days ago and the cases being reported now are milder and fewer in number than those of last week.
Dr. Miller also said that the epidemic was not a real flu condition, as the health service found that the high temperatures were caused by a sterptococcic condition, not influenza germs, in most cases.
Classified Ads.
Romance Or A Throne? Union Show Holds Secret
By D. Paarlberg
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Room For Rent—Close to campus. Board if desired. Phqne 41612.
Wanted—Co-ed to work for room or board. Call 66032.
Single Room'—^With private family, fine location, available immedr iat^y. 342 Lawn avenue. Call 76882
Good Printing—^Painless prices. Fast service. Near qs your phone. CaU 6206.4We delivei^ Kane’^P^nt Shop, 401 S. 29th street. For Rent—^Rooms for two students. Phone 66102.
Space For Two Girls—Board if desired. 102 Waldron, Phone 2243.
Wanted—^Roommate must be congenial, quiet. Desirable rCom, first floor, near bath. 411 Maple street. Phone 36762. Carl Arvison.
For Rent—Double -two rooms with alcove, for two or three students, ■with board. One and one-quarter blocks from campus. 219 South Grant 46504.
Lost—Small, black beaded bag. Finder call Fay O’Bannon at 7986.
For Rent—Double room for two students. 521 Waldron—^Mrs. Isenbarger.
NOTICES
No hoUbbs acccptMl altn-• p. m.
Dept, of Applied Mechanic^—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be siven in Roo^n 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 8 to 11 o’clock. —POORMAN. W. A, A. —Sira up op the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badniinton tournament. —MAIER.
W. A. A Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketbsil tournament must sign up on the bnlletin board in the Women’s Gym before February 8. —SPAFPER.
Alpha Phi Omega—^Keys are available for paid up new members. Please call for them at room 327, Fowler Hotel, between 6 and 11 p. m. _ —KREISER.
His throne or the lady he loved ? The same heart-breaking choice that faced King Edward of England is the theme for “Castles In The Air,” chosen for the Union Show on March 13, for which tryouts -will be conducted on February 2. The drama of royal romance, interwoven with the sparkle of American humor and/the tripping rhythm of song and dance, form a fascinating plot through which runs' the thread of foreign intrigue. Villains stalky the stage -with sinister plot. A confused group of America society folk, swept off their feet by the unexpected success of a practical joke flounder helplessly in a whirl of mistaken identity amid the Latavian royalty. The ridiculous pranks of a court jester ease thq tension of threatened tragedy as the plot shifts from an atmosphere of frivolity to one of genuine drama. Girls and Boys Choruses Dancing and singing by girls’ and boys’ choruses create a mood of fanciful revereie upon which romance moves with impetuous ease. Leading parts call for singing as well as dramatic ability, since the play is done to a background of dances and lyrics. The tryouts start at 1 p. m. In the tower room of the Union Building on Feb:(‘t^y 2 and continue until ^:30. C^iffiraates -will be selected for their voices, grace, and dramatic ability. ^ King Edward Ending? The casting committee feels no need of carrying the King Edward analogy to its ultimate end. The Wally Siippson prototype is definitely out, and the Latvian throne will rock on the wholesome fulcrum of co-ed innocence.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUD A. BISK DB. BABOLD J. BISB DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
R. J. BATH Watch Maker
608 Main Street
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
iHtraiyiiiirdl Dept. Has Ski Shortage
Last week-eDd over ft hundred skiers applied at the inUramural office for a pair of skis. As there are only four pairs available, the intramural department requeste that users of the skis return them in an hour.
A slide has been provided on intramural field for the students using the University’s skies. Since the snow melted and has frozen again, the slide has improved.
Cover Design For 1889 Exponent Listed In Works Of Bruce Rogers
A cover design for the Exponent of December 16,1889 by Bruce Rogers, ’90, is one of the earliest pieces of Rogers’ works discovered by Irvin Hass and listed in his recent Bruce Rogers Bibliography. At this time the Exponent was a weekly magazine. The book is reviewed under “Notes On Rare Books” in the January 17 New York 'Times Book Review.
Haas’ book is a supplement to that of Frederic Warde Bruce Rogers, Designer of Books, published in 1925, and contains eversTthing printed since 1926 and some things omitted by Warde.
Co-ed P. E. Staff luYites Women To Get-Together
Co-eds getting teaching licenses in physical education -will be the guests of the University physical education for women staff Wednesday evening, February 3, at a general get-together. Various games and refreshments are planned for the program. Nearly 80 co-eds are included in the in-idtation.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Domer*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Sports Carnival Issues Call Far
Trained Wrestlers
Any men who desire to vnee/Ho in the Intramural Carnival on February 26 should report at the norl^ end of the gymnasium any afternoon at 4:00 after next 'Tuesday, February 2. It bas been announced by tim Intramural department that unleas there is a good turnout for these practice sessions there -will be no wrestling matches in the carnival. Men who have not had some training during these practice seadons will not be allowed to enter the carnival matches. Instructions will be given by Mr, Varlhy, former member of the -varsity wrestling squad.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Scobee*s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Suppfies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
^SUDDEN ^RVICe
R
RiNTING Ofleo SUhnMiy,.^ WtAfiiif layflailoM
PHONE " Sri«Boolit.Ele... 2 62 8 CASSEL'S 4081-Wlt/
KEYS Kejra for trnalu, door lods. dedi locks, nisht latches and padloefcsu Auto keys and handle lo^ a cialUr. F. Jos. Mnlhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette. Ind.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is an we do, but we do it weO Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
llSYf Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
The thinking fdhnr caOs A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special dUeaoioM 2Sc per passenger any part of tha dW 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
WE PAY 40%
cash
For Second-Hand Books
H. 6. “DEAC” REISNER
MONiTE.
W. A. A. Bowling—'All co-eds interested in the bowling tournament please sign up on bulletin board in Wopaen’s Gym. —BOEHM.
Co-ed Becreation—Thd Women’s Gymnasium will be ppen daily nnt«l 6 p. m. for recreational activities during the examination period. Women ihay bring men. Report to main office fop equipment —HAZBLTON.
Freeman Fencing—Frepbmsn fencing will start; February 9 at 4 p. m. 'There will be a meeting in the fencing room which is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the Recitation Building. —LACEY.
Co-ed Hecreatioiii—The Women’s Gymnasmiu will be open dady until fi o’clock for recreational act’vities duriT>g the ex''mipation period. Women may bring men. Report to mam office for cquiument. —HAZEL'TON.
Women Students—^All who hme made v.n<-v<as 1-n inoa' addr“'s»“* or ■"’Ui —nve before rezistiration should notify the Dedn of Wcanen'B pff’ce immediate y. —COOUDGE.
Moth proofing Service by CROWN protects your Garments from moths for 6 months or until cleaned again.
EVERY SUIT MOTH PROOFED—No extfa charge. MONITE service is exclusive with CROWN.
ft HE € L EJ,H ERt OF PINE OlsOTNEllI ,
BagcFonr
THfe 'I'USlDUE
fljesday; Janiitafy t4,
Red. Cross
(Continued from page 1)
have also been sent to the tri-city area. The University Armory, the Lafayette Armory, both Y. M. C. A.’s the South End Community House, churches and the Salvation Army volimteered to take refugees and provide lodging. The Purdue Religious Council has issued an appeal to all students to make contributions to the Red Cross immediately. Cash contributions may be left at the Union desk. The Exponent will acknowledge all contributions of over a dollar. Any gifts of old clothing or food may be left at Wesley Foundation House, 436 State street, W. Lafayette. Two contributions have been received to date. They are as follows; University Epworth League-...$5.00 Pres. Sun. Eve. Club $7.50.
New Attendance Record Set By Ags
Clinton, Cass, Lake, Randolph, and Vanderburgh coimties today were declared winners in their respective districts in the annual attendance contest held in connection with the Agricultural Conference at Purdue University last week, according to an announcement made by Prof. W. Q. Fitch, superintendent of the conference. Wayne township was the winner among the Tippecanoe county townships. The total attendance at the Agricultural Conference was 7,026, exceeding last year’s record of 6,846.
Anxious Students
(Continued from page 1)
hands full caring for the hundreds of thousands of refugees already trapped in the flood area. No Airport A large number of students whose parents are in Louisville entertained ideas of going home . . but those ideas were short lived. The two Markham brothers, Alfred and Willis, thought they might go home by air. There home is in the highlands. They were all set to go until they received word that Bowman Field in Louisville was under water /making it impossible for planes to land. Croodbye, Canoe! The brothers had a humorous incident to tell which relieved the tension. Their father attempted to go into the downtown district in a canoe. He was stopped by Coast Guard patrols and relieved of his canoe, which was pressed into active relief duty. Frank Lewis spoke of the plight of his family in Louisville in a very whimsical tone. ‘T hear they can row a boat through the second story window of our house,” he said. Receives Louisville Call Martha Carson was one of the few students who received a phone call from her parents in Louisville last night. She said her father and mother were safe and had had plenty to eat for the evening meal. She
added, however, that they didn’t have anything left over for the days to come. Her home is not under water. Coal is scarce and as' her home is heated by oil it is rather cold. No oil is to be had. George Altman heard from his father by mail, from Louisville, Satlurday. His home is on high ground and his father, who is a doctor, is administering typhoid hsrpodermics. Student Returns From Flood Area R. C. Porter, graduate student in chemistry, returned from Evansville, yesterday afternoon and he brought back another vivid picture story of the flood horrors in the
southern Indiana City where the river level has already reached 62 feet. Porter came to Lafayette by i^il via St. Louis. He left here last Wednesday after his finals were completed, arriving in Evansville at the time the flood danger was just reaching a climax. 200 Blocks Submerged “Over 200 city blocks of Evansville are submerged,” he said, *’and the water is still rising. The city is under martial law. Several gasoline explosions have occurred aid oil films are floating on the surface of the water in many parts of the inundated city. Smoking is abso-
lutely p‘rohibited'4n these'regions. ‘ “Buildings dlong the water front -^r rather what was the water front have been crushed in by the water,” Porter continued. Power To Continue “However, there is no danger of loss of electric power. Engineers are effecting a' tie-up with the Indiana State Utilities from an outlet at Princeton.” Porter said that all downtown businesses were closed. Only grocery stores remained open. There is no scarcity of food, except bread, he said. The Red Cross is confiscating most of this commodity for use in the worst zones. All of the high
schools excppt one which is oh the West Side arid dn a high hill have been flooded Citizens in the eastern part of the city have been Ordered to evacuate by military authoritiiss because of fire danger. “One large wholesale grocery warehouse is being sand bagged to preserve it from the water,” he continued. “The L. & N. Railroad Depot is under water which somewhat hampers rail evacuation.” Crest 54 Feet Porter said a crest of 64 feet was expected ^o be reached by noon today. Engineers estimate that it will be a month or more before the river
recedes to* its proper levels Be said. Although the Cincinnati flood is quite serious, the water has not reached much of the residential district located on high ground, according to word received here hy students. R. C. Brasington and J. E. Ahrens both reported that the business district of Gincinnat was flooded but that the water had not reached the homes of their parents. Lowell R. Steele and Fred E. Dieterle, seniors in the science school, were forced to rport in New Albany for fllood work duty yesterday* They are National Guardsmen and duty to humanity comes before finals.
Cop]«ight 1937, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co,
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Period 10 TUESDAY, JAN. 26, 8-11 A. M.
Course Ag Ch loe AE12 AgTon25 Agroni^
Boom
-JVgllT
AH 110 AU AgllS AM 1 A.B,D, AM 1 E- 102 AM 1 P MBS B 1 A-G. 80211 B 1 H.MJf,0 .-Ed 201 B 50 All * B 161 All -?;rSOn4 ChB 109 All Heav202 eTi -G- Bee 818
Engll -A-C,XO,
-V,W.X,Y EE 129 *Z,AA MB108 AOZIZ- JyW207
Engl 15 ———«-*»--BC14
SSi—4^
^”1 Foy 111 ■
Engl 1 Eogi I Engl 1
IM 140 AU HE 109 Math 1 V,W,Y.Z.XV. XW,XX,AA,AB * Math 2 D * Math 3 B,0 * Math 4 F ; i * ME 90 A-B MB 301-812 MB 211 AU * ML 46 AU PE 21 AU Ed 208
Period 11
TUESDAY, JAN. 26, 1-4 P. M.
(}our8e Divisions Boom AE 140 AU * Agron 2 AU Ag 306.209 Agron 4 AU ,-Agll7 Agron 125 —AU ~Ag 118 AM 101 AU * B 134 AU .* ChE 134 AU EE 129 Chem 285 —AU * OE 71 AU ^OBlOl C&T 13 AU HE 109 O&T 125 AU -* DH 11 AU * EE 8 AU-s -* Ent 1 AU-^ -* For 30 AU * Govt 9 -OJO,DG, Hort 19 „,-AU Hort202
3fE108 .ME 207
*
ME 81 A-D ME 81 E,F. PE 175 AU
PhO 113 AU * PM 8 AU * PM 16 GB CB308,301.304
Period 12 WEDNESDAY, JAN. 27, 8-11 A. M.
Boom
_*
.Jig 206
Ed 101 Ed 201
Course Divisions
AgCh 107 „.A-0. Ag Ch 107 —D-F. Chem 1 AEAM Chem 1 ilN-AQ
Chem 1 ^BD. ..ME 207 Ec 1 A,B Phys202 Ec 11 .C * Be 11 Ja. MB 103 Ec 129 AU * Ed I3a ,.AU Ed 208 Ed 178 AU .* EE 11 AU * EE 22 AU, -EE 129 BE 147 AU .* EE 184 ......AU * Engl 10 B * Engl 14 -* Engl 19 .....EISB—, SC 14
Engl 128 -.,-AU P&N 131 AU Govt 9 A.B,H,
XHJ.
Govt 19 -
AU
«
Hist 15
D_
«
Hist 116 _
AU
MM 17 ...
AU
•
Math 0 ..
CJ)
•
Math 1
0-U,XO^XP
«
Math 2 ...
«
Math 9 —
—B
«
ME 125 —
...All
ME 139 —
—AU j—
«
ME 141
—AU
ME 161 —
AU
«
ME 191
—AU
PE 31
—AU
•
PEW 71 -
—AU ...
«
PhO 223-
—AU Period 13
WEDNESDAY, JAN. 27,
1-4 P. M.
Course
Divisions
Boom
AH 22 —
AU
«
AM 2
—A,D-
BE 254
AM 2
—B,XI,J,K
BIE108
B 39a ....
—AU
8014
B 40 AU
SO 211
B 46
—AU
80211
B 108
All
B 117
—All
Ed 201
B 171
—All—
ChE no.
-All
—Heav202
OhE 128 1 AU ME 207 CE 21 .All OElOl CE 74 AU CE304 O&T 23 ..j..AU HE 109 Ec 1 1 ME 103 Ec 110 AU * Ec 134 AU ”* Ed 1 E Bdloi Ed 3a A-. Ed 208 Ed 16 AU ....* EE 19 I-N. JEB129,134 Engl 6 A.B Phy8202 togl 6 D_ Uiilv211 Engl 14 Q * Engl 31 A,B,XB F 106 „AU * F&N 1 All u.HE202.2l8,a5 For 40 AU-. * Geol 5 B * Hist 2 D_^ BIBS Hist 16 AU. Z...ir* Hist 106 ....B * MM 21 AU * Math 3 • Math 4 0 1 * Math 13 B MB 193a AU ML 129a —AU ,* PE 43 AU ,.-M107 PEW 83 ..U..AU ...I.. .* PhO 15 AU PM 16 ..AU- •
/
/r