I
' \
k\
*%''/ >, .if'■1 J-'‘-^yn p4t
4
■ ’H ‘’Z s ^/i’’#
^ /
(Eire Puriiuje Ifxjj0nejtt
t’ublished Daily by Students of- Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1936
HUMBER 12
Sororities Open Rush At Teas Sunday Eacl^ House Will Give Four Dinners During
Period
Formal sorority rush opened Sun day afternoon with teas at each of the six campus sorority houses. Out of approximately 400 new co-eds, 147 registered to go through rush, During the rushing period, four dinners will be given by each house; from 6:30 to 8 o’clock on Sept. 29, Oct. 1, 2, and 4. Pan-Hellenic regulations state that no girl may attend more than ope party at each house and all rushing will cease at 8:30 each evening. Invitations Invitations to the dinners were received and accepted yesterday by the rushees. Bids to the preference dinner, to be held October 8, will not be issued until some time during the last week of rush. Formal pledging may be held any time after 7 p. m. October 9. Rushees are asked to stop at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Union Building Wednesday, September 30, between 4 and 6 p. m. to receive a copy of the financial statement of all sorority houses. The following were elected rush chairmen: Alpha Chi, Jane Thornborough; Alpha Xi Delta, Catherine Ann Cromer; Chi O, Ruth Grimm; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Mary Wilson; Kappa Alpha Theta, Jean Adkins; Pi Beta Phi, Mary Jean Light.
Cast For New
Play Wanted
Registration for the cast of “The Hairy Ape” will be held tomorrow between 4 and 5, in the tower room of the Union Building, Tryouts will be held Thursday and Friday at the same hour. Selections made at this time will determine the cast for “The Hairy Ape,” billed by Playshop for November, and the personnel chosen will continue with the troup throughout the balance of the year. All students are welcome to try their histrionic ability. “Ladies of the Jury” At the present time, Playshop is_ rehearsing “Ladies of the Jury,” which will be ready for Thursday and Friday of the week of homecoming. This production will be staged with members of last year’s cast. Cary Vaughan has the leading role, aided by Ruth Grimm, Charles Trees, Dick Robbins, and a large group of supporting players. The play will be put on at Duncan H^l in Lafayette. Season tickets are available at the Union Building.
Tippecanoe Farm Group Organizes
The Tippecanoe county workers’ group elected H. J. Renner, vocational teacher at Buck Creek, as their president at a meeting in the county agent’s office Saturday. Harold Thompson, Wea township, was elected vice president, and J. C. Ralston, county 4-H club leader, secre tary. Prof. John W. Schwab, of the University’s extension staff, commented on the fall management of gilts and suggested several improvements for next year’s 4-H pig show. It was announced that C. T. Gregory, of the University’s botany department, will hold two field meet* ings on seed corn selection October 16, in Wea and Washington townships. Announcement was also made that boys interested in attending Purdue’s eight weeks’ short course should obtain information of the essay contest from their vocational leader or county agent.
Members of the Purdue Women’s club who have not yet obtained their tickets to the luncheon at 1 o’clpck Thursday afternoon in the ballroom of the Memorial ynion Building may do so from 9 until 11:30 o’clock this morning in the Union lobby, it was announced by the president, Mrs. G. S. Meikle,
Boilermakers Crush Ohio Bobcats, 47-0, In Initial Encounter
Isbell Crashes Through Fqr Four Touchdowns; Team Gains 363 Yards in 55 Trials
Purdue’s gridiron eleven showed unusual power in its opening game of the season by overwhelming the Ohio University Bobcats, 47 to 0, before a crowd of 17,000 persons in Ross-Ade stadium Saturday afternoon. Coach Kizer used a large number of players in frequent substitutions and every combination evinced teamwork and drive in
Cheap Homes, U. S. Aim
Dr. Gilbrelh Discusses Housing Problems
^“Individual detached house ownership seems to be the United States objective in housing problems,” stated Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Univer-
Dr. Koo Talks
Tonight In Fowler Hall
Chinese Leader And
Lecturer Will Discuss
Foreign Relations
Dr. T. Z. Koo, Oriental leader and lecturer, will talk on world relations at Fowler Hall this evening at 8:16. Before Dr. Koo speaks at Fowler Hall, he will be the guest of honor at a Y. M. C. A. supper meeting at 6:30 o’clock in the Y. M. C. A. Building. After graduating from St. Johns University in Shanghi, China, Dr. Koo worked as an official in the administrative department of the Chinese Railroad Service. Later he was identified with the Y. M. C. A. in China. During the past summer Dr. Koo spoke at the Y. M. C. A, conference at the Lake Geneva College. With the Y. M. C. A. his work has been closely identified with universities and colleges; later he became connected with the cultivation of better international relations. In 1925 he was a member of the second opium conference, called in Switzerland by the League of Nations. Dr. Koo was one of the three chosen to represent the Chinese people as a whole. Dr. Koo is comihg from the National Preaching Mission in New York The address, which is open to the public, is being sponsored by the University Religious Council.
Student Problems Discussed At Meeting
Problems of new students and an explanation of activities were discussed at the freshman mentor meeting held yesterday at 4 o’clock in Fowler Ball. Jeannette Scudder conducted the meeting, assisted by the co-ed heads of the various campus activities.
delivering the worst drubbing that the Bobcats have received since 1898. Smashing through the Ohio line for four touchdowns and hurling a touchdown pass to Vergane, Cecil Isbell was the outstanding player of the afternoon. Isbell played All-American football in picking up 137 yards in ten running attempts for an average of 13.7 yards. On one play he dashed 65 yards for a touchdown, and immediately followed this performance with a 39-yard run across the Bobcat goal line. Passes Net Gains The Boilermaker squad outclassed Ohio University in every department of the game. When the Bobcats attempted to stop repeated dashes through their line, the Purdue team resorted to passes with (Continued on page 3)
Picture Of Military Band Appears In Collegiate Digest
The Purdue Military band has again broken into print with a picture of the band in illuminated marching formation on a page of the Collegiate Digest this week This formation was first used at the Purdue-Northwestern game, in Chicago, last fall. Not only did the band make an impressive showing but it made history as well, in that it was the first time a band had been completely illuminated. The band, after extensive maneuvers on a dark field, concluded its performance with a huge “P” formation of two lines moving in opposite directions to the tune of “Hail Purdue.” " The show was put on again in the Ross-Ade stadium later in the year for the benefit of those who were unable to attend the game.
The Child Study group oflScially launched this season’s activities with a picnic Saturday evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs. T. R. Johns ton. Husbands of the members were guests.
PIA Opens Annual Drive For Members
Divide West Lafayette Into 13 Wards For Campaign
The Purdue Independent Association opened its membership drive yesterday. A total of 1,000 members is expected. According to Nelson M. Parkhurst, campaign manager, members will be admitted to all P. I. A. activities this year. The price of membership is $1.00. Different Basis The membership drive will be conducted on a different basis this year, in that 13 wards in West Lafayette will be placed under the direct control of ward managers. The ward managers will be in charge of a group of salesmen who cover their assigned territories. P. I. A. activities include three dances, six tea dances, monthly par ties and similar functions.
Rosalind Emriek Hurt As Auto Leaves Road •
Miss Rosalind Emriek, daughter of Prof, and Mrs. P. S. Emriek, who suffered a fractured pelvis in an autopiobile accident Saturday night, was slightly improved last night, according to a report from authorities of the St. Elizabeth hospital where she is confined. Miss Emriek was injured when the car in which she was riding left the highway on a curve near Delphi, and upset in a cornfield. Charles Bowen, the other passenger of the automobile, was unhurt.
j George Byers, of Lafayette, governor of the Indiana Kiwams district, presided yesterday at business sessions of the Kiwanian convention at LaPorte, Ind. The annual banquet was held last night, with E. C. Gorrell, Winamac editor, as the speaker.
sity professor of management who returned here Friday, in an interview at her Residence Hall room yesterday afternoon. Dressed in black silk, with a strand of pearls at her throat. Dr. Gilbreth told of her summer’s activities, and talked spiritedly of the “most interesting thing in the world’’ to her—^international housing problems and activities. She spent the summer abroad and devoted part of the holidays to studying housing in Germany and Sweden. She found, she stated, while each country had new and modern trends, it is extremely important that every country work out its own housing program. Sweden’s most modern buildings had simple lines and convenient design. In the large cities, apartment buildings and compact living quarters are being designed, but in the suburban districts the rural influence is evi dent. Close To The Farm
The German situation has much of the farm tradition about it. Dr, Gilbreth said. A great many of the people now living in the large cities there have been close to the farm. “That is,” she said, “you will find not only flower gardens, but vegetable plots, and often a few animals.”
Before Dr. Gilbreth came to the University this fall, she attended the Herald - Tribune conference, which discussed better ways of living, and at which Dr. Elliott delivered the key address. Dr. Gilbreth, who arrived last Friday, mentioned her eagerness to get to her research students, who are working individually on time and motion study projects. Challenge To- Industry “It is a tremendous challenge to industry, to us, and to-the individual homemaker to adapt the best ideas and machinery developed abroad, to make them flexible enough for our use, and to make it possible for inexpensive hejmes to be available to a large number of people,” Mrs. Gilbieth concluded earnestly.
Sigma Delta Chi Chooses
12 Pledges
Seven Seniors, Five Juniors Honored By
Journalistic Group
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic t fratemi^, last night announced the names of its twelve pledges for 1936-37. Formal pledging ceremonies will be held at 2 o’clock Sunday afternoon in the Memorial Union Building. Seven of the twelve students honored by the organization were seniors, including: E. F. Akers, former associate editor of the Agricnltarist and at present columnist for the Prairie Farmer; R. W. Dwight, Debris editor; E. K. Jones, editor of the Engineer; R. H. Parkison, Agrieolturist editor; H. R. Sennstrom, editor of the Independent; R. H. Walpole, former associate sports editor of the Expmient, now Exponent sports columnist; and L. D. Wood, sports editor of the Expiment.
Five Juniors Named The five junior associate editors on the editorial staff of the Exponent were also selected for membership in Sigma Delta Chi. They are: K. A. Barnette, J. £. Brock, A. H. Forster, B<x^P. Manion, and C. Sadler.
Plans for tKe annual Riveters’ Hassle, which has been tentatively scheduled for early in December, were discussed at the meeting. The monthly award of a book for outstanding journalistic work was also considered.
Rain Delays WorkOnWRH
Plan To Fmisb Building Late In June
, SOPHOMORES
Report at the Deliris office today at 4 p, m. if desiring positions on the Debris sport staff. —EHINGER.
Pluvius Sends Drizzle—^Dr. Miller Stops Sniffles J|C** Rainfall Still Two Inches Below Normed; Preventing And Treating Colds Outlined
“Jupe” Pluvius couldn’t make up his mind yesterday. He couldn’t decide whether to drench the campus with a deluge or favor it with a light sprinkle. He compromised with a continuous drizzle which at times increased to a soft rain. He achieved his purpose, however. The campus was wet, cold and dreary. Students, sloshing through puddles on their ways to classes, cursed “Jupe” in undertones. The puddle sloshing will continue today, according to the weather report for “continued showers Tuesday.” The rain was welcome to farmers who have been handicapped by one of the most sever drouths in the history of American agriculture. A total of 2.28 inches of rainfall has been recorded at the local weather station since 4:30 o’clock Saturday when the first drops sprinkled down. Saturday’s rain was one-half inch, Sunday’s .91 of an inch and yesterday’s .79 of an inch. The normal quantity of rainfall from the first of the year to the present time is 80 inches. A total of 28 inches has been record4\here. Lafayette is above normal in rainfall for September with 6 inches re-
corded. The normal amount is 3.5 inches. The maximum amount of rainfall ever recorded here was in 1926 when 11.49 inches fell during the month. The ram, although late, was of definite benefit to crops in this vicinity. “The rain has been of great help to late potatos and tomatos,” stated Thomas M. Hill, assistant weather recorder of the agricultural extension department. “This rain is beginning to penetrate the subsoil and will be of lasting benefit.” But to students, the rain meant misery. Some fiardy souls braved the drizzle without raincoats, while others blossomed forth in the latest “rainproof” creations. The girls came out “wrapped in cellophane” in new rubberized silk capes which are practically transparent. A few even had transparent umbrellas to match the coats. The rain and accompanying chilly weather brought their quota of colds and sniffles. Dr. Sayers J, Miller, director of the student health service, vas asked to compile some pertinent information regarding the prevention
and treatment of colds. Di. Miller pointed out that an epidemic of colds breaks out shortly after the opening of the University in the fall and advises student to return to “common sense hygiene” in the treatment of colds. His advice follows: “The common colds are a group of acute infections of the mucous membranes of the nose, throat and often entending into the larynx, trachia or large bronchi. A common cold is not merely a congestion, it IS an acute infectious, febrile selflimiting disease with a tendency to complications. “The most common complications from colds are rheumatic fever, pneumonia, sinusitis, nephritis, endocarditis, myocarditis, pericarditis, and a depressed vitality which favors after infections and hastens the progress of organic diseases, “Colds are contracted from other persons having colds just as diphtheria is contracted from persons having diphtheria. They are most contagious durjng the early stages, and there is a marked difference in the susceptibility. Most persons have from one to three eblda a year. “The prevmition of ecddls emmista
first, in avoiding the infection, and second, in guarding against the predisposing causes. Contact should be avoided with persons who have colds, especially in classrooms, offices, shows and other poorly ventilated places where the risk of having persons sneeze directly in one’s face is emminent. “Colds, like othex' dieases are often transferred by direct and indirect contact through kissing, the common drinking epp, the roller towel, pipes, food and other objects contaminated with the fresh secreatiops of the mouth and nose which transmit the diease. “The principal predisposing factors in catching cold are: vitrated air, dust, drafts, sudden changes in temperature, exposure to cold and wet, over work, loss of sleep, improper food and other conditions that lower the general vitality of the body. “Emphasis should be placed on the following in the case of students: “(1) Wear the proper clothing. This includes hats in wet and cold weather. Also rubbers, raincoats, top-coats and overcoats in wet and cold weather* (Continued oh page 4) ^
Work on the new Women’s l^sidence Hall was delayed yesterday by the steady rain. Mr. A. E. Kemmer, the contractor, said that the work would begin°today unless there was more rain. According to the woiking schedule the building should be fimshed in 270 working days or the latter part of June. The new structure, when completed, will be the twin of the present hall and will face it on the north. The combined buildings will provide accomodations for approximately 250 women.
Prof. Hall Interprets World Conditions
Professor Frank Hall, of the his-, tory department, gave an interpretation of present and future world conditions through the eyes of the state department at Washingtmt in an address at the September Agricultural meeting held yesterday in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Introduction of new staff members, a short talk by Dean and Director J. H. Skinner and singing headed by K. E. Beeson were other features of the program, 0. G. Johanningsmeier, toastmaster, announced the committee for the Oct. 26 meeting as clmirman, V. C. Freeman, H. S. Reckard, Mfes Starley Hunter, and R. H. Wileman.
Corps To Pass hk Review If Weather Is Fair
The weather permitting, 2,50B men will pass in review before Lk Col. Brewer on Ditramural Field the first regular outdoor ccorps day. All men wiH be dismounted for this review. The new trucks will not be brought into service until next week.
In the event of rain, tiie fourth regiment will gather at Fovder Hail*
CoL C. Seynoiir Buttodk,^ Sawlfei Bend, district goveimor, will he the guest of the Lafayette Rotarhms at their regular luncheon meeting at noon today. Col. BuUoek will pity the local club an official visit to discttss plans for Rotary wortK over tty state this comtyg year.Censor^ ^‘Thb Editorial Advisory Committee is directed also to employ an agent to examine prior to publication all prop<«ed non-advertising contents of each issue of The Daily Texan. The committee or the Committee’s agent shall have the power to exclude libelous material, improper personal attacks, reckless accusations, opinion not based on fact, inaccurate statements, articles of national, state and local politi(»l questiohs, indecencies, material detrimental to good conduct of tbe student body, and material prejudicial to the best interests of the University and any material in conflict with good taste or wise editorial management.” .. .—Section 38, Rules and Regulations of the Board of Regents, sixth edition; adopted July 27, 1936. With the adoption of the above rule, the Daily Texan student newspaper at the University of Texas fell under the hand of the censor. No autocracy, dictatorship, or other form of undemocratic rule has every found "anything quite equal to censorship. Censorship gains the censoring body privileges Otherwise denied. Censorship also arouses an undying hatred. Censorship of a school newspaper is every bit as bad as censorship of any other newspaper. It gives the censoring body license to perpetrate many wrongs. It also arouses hatred, intense hatred. The Exponent extends its sympathies to the Daily Texan. I hope that that paper overcomes the unreasonable and unfair obstacle of censorship.
On Writing Home « For a few weeks this summer we roomed at the home of an old, widowed German lady. Past sixty years of age, she was a hard-working and thrifty soul and had accumulated, enough of the earth’s wealth to enable herself to live comfortably the remainder of her days. She had several children, all of whom lived at considerable distances from her. Ordinarily this old lady was cheerful, but occasionally she would lapse into a gloomy state of mind. At noon, when we would return from work and ask if any mail had come for us, she would reply, almost resentfully at times, “Yes, you got two letters, but I didn’t get anything. I don’t see why my boys don’t write.” Again in the evening she would often sit in a pensive mood for several minutes, and then mutter, half to herself, “I wonder why my^boys don’t write. I know they have time.” So easy it is for college students to forget to write home in their rush from one class or activity to another that they frequently neglect this duty for lengthy intervals, imless lack of money or some other reason makes it expedient to do so. They do not apprehend how much such a letter means to a mother or father, imtil they themselves have children, or until they j;iave lost one or both their parents through death, and it is too late for anything save bitter regrets. Many parents have seen the ambitions which they cherished in youth crumble in the face of advancing years. Some of these ambitions they now hope to see fulfilled by thieir children, or more often they hold even higher aspirations for their sons and daughters. In the eyes of their mothers, almost every boy is a potential president of the United States, every girl a Florence Nightingale. College life is truly a scramble from one form of activity to another. However, it is not such a rush that every student cannot find time once a week to write a letter, or even a penny postal card, home. —R. P. M.
‘‘Life” Of The Legion American Legionnaires—^1936 variety—^have returned to their homes from the annual convention at Cleveland, Ohio. The convention is history and it’s time to take an inventory of the action which took place in the convention halls. The “teeth” of the convention had been pulled. For the first time since the Legion was organized the cry of “Pay our bonus” failed to rise above the frenzied throng of Legionnaires. In former years the general public has been treated
Cite $ttrbue exponent Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Ezclusivdjr B^resented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.B0 per year: delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF Bditor-ih-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor— —;.....,E. H. Morris Associate Editors—. K. A. Barnette. J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. F. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sports Editor
Associate Sports • Editors..
BPOBTS STAFF
....L. D. Wood W. H. Fifield, S, B. Griffiths,
B. F. Obenchaln
BUSINESS STAFF BusioeiHi Manager...— ......; .......IL J, Hulse MaMonal Advertising Manager. _L. H. Brown X^oeal Advertising Manager...„..... ;..... ............D. 0. Miller C)toeidatj(OP Manager.^—.,— ..J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF Mditor..-,—.;.—.— - .: Helen Creech ■ JUanager— — —.....B^ty Barnett ditors— .Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke Issiie Editor—J. B. Mellett.
to streaming hoadUnes: Cdnvstitidiii DeinaBdi Bonus PaymcaiV’ ‘‘Legion Pdi^ Ectmbmic ^ .vantage of Bonus,” etc. •' The bonus #as paid in June this year and it seenis to have taken the zest but of life for the average “patfiotic Legionnaire.” He had much more fun At the convention when he could drape himself in the robes of a martyr and petutei^ly demand the payment of “his” bonus. He has received his bonus and by now it has probably been spent... foolishly or Wisely .. . it does not matter ; the only words he could say ... . the only thoughts be could muster . . . “l*ay my bonus” have beqn taken from him. We are not arguing that he did not deserve his bonus. In most cases he fought Valiantly for it. We are censoring him for putting himself first, thus barring from his mind any constructive thoughts or ideas. The Legion has had opportunities for advancing and sponsoring many/constructive movements, but it has concerned itself mainly with getting the bonus paid and seeing_that the flag is draped correctly. It would have been better to see that American principles for which the flag stands were being upheld. But the Legionnaire, still disregarding the welfare of his country and putting himself first, is f ormulating a new idea. Murmurings of this idea were heard at the recent convention. He now wants payment of his “pension”. This murmur has not yet grown to a shout,
but it will.
This year the Legion went on record as hacking preparedness as the best Safeguard against war. This is a step in the right direction. At least the Legion realizes that there are other problems than bonus and pension payments facing our country. Again in this case, it plunged headlong. This policy was adopted because it was the one most Legionnaires liked. They did not wish to hear other peaCe proposals. , As long as important matters are subjugated to greed, the American Legion will continue to be a “money grabbing”, ineffective organization.—A. H. F.
The Second World War Ten million men under arms ready to fight in the next great war, ten million men underground who perished in the last great war; yet, European displomacy vacillates. Probably no other factor was more potent in creating the World War than the system of entangling alliances that was prevalent in the Europe of 1914. .The armed camp of pre-war Europe saw Germany with strong allies in Austria-Hungary and Turkey, with France and Russia on the other side. Nations not definitely aligned in 1914, in other words fence-riders, were Great Britain and Italy. Had Sir Edward Grey, the British foreign secretary, in the critical days of July and August, 1914, let the world know in definite terms how Britain would side, there may not have been the first World War. Instead of declaring that England would fight if Belgium was invaded. Grey repeatedly asked the neu-\ trality of Belgium be respected by belligerants. No strong front was evident in British foreign policy of 1914. Through this hedging diplomacy, Germany wanted to believe Britain would keep out of the war. In the present day crisis, Italy and Germany stand on one side, with Russia and France on the other. Where stands Britain ? In the Spanish crisis does she favor the dictatorships or the democracies of Europe ? If France goes to war will she consider England an ally as she did in 1914, and will Germany think her
neutral ?
Ten million men drill under arms, ready to lay down their lives at the whim of dictators and demagogues. England’s position is as in 1914, vacillating; proGerman to the German, pro-France to the French.— Dakota Student.
A swiped poem for which we forget to swipe a title, therefore we must swipe one at random. TIME.MARCHES ON Grandpa in a speedy car. Pushed the throttle down too far; Twinkle, twinkle little star Music by the G, A. R. Watch for contest details tomor-
row!!!
Why was Pi Phi Perkins standing on a cafeteria table last Saturday night during an intermission? Was she being cute or was it the mouse in McCandless ? ADVERTISEMENT Personal: Will the occupants, of the fraternity house directly in back of ours kindly refrain from giving the freshmen fire drills after ten p. m. We can’t get our beauty sleep. —A conscientious Kappa. Better be quiet boys, think what you will have to look at on your way to class if you keep them up. CONTEST DETAILS—TOMOR-
ROW!
We started a freshman oh the job of making a telephone survey conj eerning the number of seniors who lost their jiants prior to Saturday noon. However, he has not recovered from the shock of calling a sorority and asking the question, we cannot give you the full dope. Neither can we give you the answer the freshman got. However, we do ^nhw that the Beta sophomores had a ripping time with the cords they obtained (sounds a bit rough for Betas). Also a number of the lordly seniors of Pi Kappa Phi had to bend down And take five swats from each and every sophomore before recovering their Cords. W. R. H. reports a new technique in" rushing. What with tea at six houses in one afternoon, and all that rain, it seems that drowning is being substituted for the older and rougher tactics. INFAMOUS FIRST LINE: “Ha, ha. There isn’t any.” FAMOUS LAST LINE: There isn’t any of these, either.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent wiil not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column* Such opinions are solely those of the ioriter*
What’s The Matter I have been writing a number of things in this column which I felt would most certainly arouse opposition and/or comment. I have been told that, up to now, only one student has considered it proper to address the Exponent in reply to an opinion of mine. I am enjoying the writing of these daily articles even though they require considerable effort on my part. It would be eveii more enjoyable if I could see any actual results coming from it, either complimentary or abusive in nature. If I do not receive any comment, I shall necessarily conclude that no one takes the time to read what I write, or else that everyone is thoroughly in accord with it. The Exponent is not taking the responsibility for my opinions. I say what I want, whether it be in line with the paper’s policy or not. Therefore those who write in, if there are any such, should bear that in mind and not try to ruin the overworked editor who gaye me my chance. , ' One article I particularly thought would arouse much opposition—that entitled, “WSGA, So-Called.” I understand that many co-eds are slandering me be hind my back for that article, but no one has the courage or the conviction to ojpenly refute, if possible, the statements contained therein. Purdue is noted for its student apathy, and that is probably the trouble in this case.
1. Establish student SELF-government. 2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hon<< orary fees. 3. Eliminate i^hysical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Eliminate all cantpu^ politics.
Suit Filed Against Gary Estate By RFC Suit for a $2,600 claim against the estate of Prank M. Cary, University benefactor who died July 7, was filed in circuit court yesterday by the Reconstruction Finance Corpora-^ tion. The government loan agency demands judgment for liability on stock of $2,600 par value which was owned by Mr. Cary in the Central Republic Bank and Trust Company, later the Central Republic Trust Company. The R. P. C. holds that the bank is indebted to it for unpaid loans amounting to approximately $60,476,468.25.
Professor Lull To Read Play At Vesper Service Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech divisionj will read the social play entitled “Winterset,” by Maxwell An^ derson, at Vesper Service this afternoon at Wesley Foundation. The program will begin at 4:06 p. m. The service is open to students and townspeople. Next vireek, a new series, entitled “The History of Reli^on,” will begin. Dr. J. W. Findley, Presbytqrian student pastor, will start the Series with a discussion of the Old Testa ment.
Frosh Co-ed Wins Trip On Her 4-H Oub Record Marjorie Hoover, freshman in the University school of home economics, will receive a trip to the national 4-H club confess in Chicago, November 29 to Deceinber 4, with all exiienses paid by the state board of agriculture, as one of the ten wihnejrs in a 4-H achievement refcord class at the Indiana state fair.
‘It’s nothing to worry about, dear—it’s only mother coming to spend the week-end with us.”
Contest Offers Six Prizes Of $500, Several Tuitions
Six prizes of $600 aiid a number of scholarships and fellowships will be given to college men and women in a contest sponsored by the Bureau of New Plays, Inc. The contest has six weeks to go, closing on October 31. Every script is promised a sympathetic reading and the finest critical advice in the country. Theresa Hilburn, director of the bureau, states, “To date most of our scripts are inclined to be serious, and many deal with historical subjects. I hope we will have more satire in the six weeks the contest has to run.” Each script submitted must be accompanied by a recommendation from the head of the dramatic or English department of the author’s college Or university. All undergraduates, and those who have graduated or left college in the past three years, are eligible.
Install Wearly As AIEE Chairman At an executive meeting of the local branch of American Institute of Electrical Engineers Thursday afternoon, the following officers were" installed: W. L. Wearly, chairman; F. H. Justin, vice president; J. R. Woodruff, secretary; S. R. Wirth, treasurer; K. A. Giffin, senior representative; L. B. Saunders, junior representative; J. H. Bovraian, faculty advisor. Extensive plans were formulated for this year’s program. All students in the electrical engineering school are eligible for membership. Application blanks can be secured from any of the officers.
ARC TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY WILL ROGERS in “Steamboat Round the Bend” and KERMIT MAYNARD “Song of the Trail” 15c Double Feature 15c
TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
IT’S A SCREAM!
BOUND
Today and Tomorrow
GENE . RAYMOND
ANNE ■ SOUTHERN
‘WALKING ON AIR” First Lafayette Showingr PLUS New March of Time Pathe News and Sports
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TOPS IN-TUNE: ' Y.-'• TRIUMPHS!;
A,9TAt.STUDDED MUSI CAL ROMANa TO STARTU THE SHOW WORLD III JoM BLONbELL Dick POWELL WILLIAM
FRANK McHUGH THE TACHT CLUB BOVS .*ii GORGEOUS GIRLS
— Plus?— . Grantland Rice Sportlifflit Biwcai Act
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
¥
Alice MTfi l ADOLPHEMEtUQU ^ TED HEAlY # GREGORY RATOFF ^ PAT5Y KEliY -MICHAEL -
WHALEN
RIT2
BROTHERE
—^PlnB — .V JOB GOOK COMEDYsh ;.r4NV'V'^' >«'"* V '' *■ ^-■' '
! t
A A ?>
■>^
SWWJ^FW**^ a.'
V?*
■', ,^A'«4V'' ‘‘‘'
,; t{.j% ^ 0fn
ib
Ttte^d4^> SeptemW 29, 1930,
fHE FtJKJDtJE B^PONBKI?
Sbb
y-
i
Wisconsin Ducats On Sale Tomorrow
Early Sale Due To Heavy Mail Order, Wiudow Demandb
In order to accomodate local football fans, reserved tickets for the Wisconsin game On October 10 will be placed on sale toniorrow at Decker’s, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the athletic ticket office in Purdue Hall. This was announced last night by C. S. Doan, ticket sales manager. He stated that because of the unusually heavy mail-order demands, and al^ a large increase in window sales, it would be necessary, in the interest of local backers, to open the sales tomorrow, instead of waiting until next Monday, the normal opening time. This will enable local supporters to obtain choice seats.
Organized Men Hold Golf Meet
Fraternity Teams Start Competition Today
Fraternity golfers will don their golfing togs this afternoon and tomorrow at the Public Golf Course, when the interfraternity golf tournament will be held. The matches are to be over eighteen holes, nine of which are to be played today and the remaining nine tomorrow. Eight of the three man teams with the lowest aggregate scores will go to the finals, which are to be played as straight elimination. The winning fraternity will be awarded a trophy while the members of the winning team and runner-ups will receive medals. J. W. Grennis will act as manager of this tournament and all score sheets must be signed by your opponent and turned in to him immediately after play.
Kizermeu Crush Ohio In Initial Encounter (Continued from page 1)
considerable success. The passing attack netted 124 yards with 8 complete tosses out of 19. John Drake, who traded positions with Isbell at right halfback, gained 73 yards in 9 trials at carrying the ball for an average of 8.1 yards. The entire team made 363 yards in 65 running attempts for an average of 6.7 yards a play. Rainy weather yesterday afternoon forced the squad indoors where a skull session was held on the Wisconsin plays reported by Coach Mackey, who scouted the WisconsinSouth Dakota game Saturday afternoon. The Badgers won over the South Dakota team, 24 to 7. Under the direction of a new coach, Harry Stuldreher, former Notre Dame player, the Wisconsin eleven is materially superior to last years team yrhich defeated the Boilermakers, 8 to 0, Coach Makey reported. Stuldreher has a number of lettermen from the 1935 combination in addition to many promising sophomores. The Wisconsin-Mar-encounter next Saturday will give a better estimate of the former’s worth, as the Marquette outfit is rated as one of the ^st in the country.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 60S0
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the City 6023 PHONBS ^071 YELLOW CAB CO. ^
ADULT TAP CLASSES 6pen
BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 P. M. INTERMEDIATE Thurs. Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oet. 2, 6:30 P. M.
Fhone 2160
ALLEN’S
6th * Ferry
Decker, Malagka Much Improved
Decker and Malaska are greatly Unproved and defiiiitely on, the road to recovery, according to their physician, Doctor Gordon Thomas. New skin is forffiing over their burns, and barring mishaps, they will be on their feet in several weeks. However, their Wounds are of a serious nature, and it will be eonsiderable time before they are back to normal. Greatly handicapped hy their absence from classes at the outset of the term, the boys have no definite plans for the present school year.
Stuhldreher Drills Badgers For Marquette Badger Coach Can See Nothing But Defeat In Marquette Tilt
Madison, Wis., Sept. 28—^With the strain of the first game over, Harry Stuhldreher and hi^s handful of Wisconsin football players began intensive preparation today for their second and far more serious engagement against Marquette at Camp Randall, Saturday. Always a game which has created great interest throughout the state, this year’s Wisconsin-Marquette
bSjttle is expected to set a new at-
tendance record for these intra-state battles. Victorious last year, 33-0, for the first time in history, the Hilltoppers are coming back to Caipp Randall even stronger than a year ago and with high hopes, now that thev have broken the ice, of repeating their victory even more decisively against Harry Stuhldreher’s first Badger eleven. Marquette Should Win On no basis of figuring ordinarily followed in football is it possible to arrive at any other conclusion than a decisive Marquette victory. Coach Frank Murray, at Marquette} has a veteran team with a far stronger line than in 1935 and the same splendid backfield which ran wild against Wisconsin a year ago. Stuhldreher has no running back who compares with Art Gueppe or Capt. Ray Buivid, no passer who even approaches Buivid or Sonnenberg. Offensively, the great Hilltop quartet, Buivid, Sonnenberg, Cuff and Art Gueppe, outclasses any that Wisconsin can put on the field and in ‘^Skippy” McMahon and Lee Muth, Coach Murray has a fine pair of pass-grabbers. Only in defense does the Badger backfield compare with the Marquette quartet—and there only because of the superb tackling and football instinct of one man—^Eddie Jankowski—^through Erv Windward is a slashing defensive player. In line personnel, there is not so much difference between the two teams in potential ability but the Badger forwards are learning a new technique in line play, a system which discounts heavily their past experience, and this figures to give the visitors a heavy advantage in the line as well as in the backfield. Obviously, no stone will be left unturned to prepare the Wisconsin squad for the well-ragh hopeless task it faces thi s week-end but Stuhldreher frankly admits that, in the end, about all Wisconsin can rightfully hope for is a loWer score than that of a year ago. Offense will continue to account for much of the practice periods this week but the Badgers will also get an intensive drilling on pass defense because Stuhldreher realizes that Wisconsin, Saturday, will be meeting one of the best forward passing teams in the country.
K. E. Beeson Announces High Alfalfa Seed Yield
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“Ain’t no use stayin’ in these parts, Mawno crop nohow.”
-we can’t raise
Alleys Show Increase In Bowling Fans Plan Fraternity, Sorority, Faculty Ladies’ Leagues
The bowling business is becoming more popular every day, according to “Stuckey,” an employee of the Memorial Union bowling alleys. Last week there was an average of 250 games bowled each day. Many plans are being made for the coming season. Several leagues will be formed including fraternity, sorority and faculty ladies. A small booklet on the etiquette of bowling will be published for those just learning how to bowl. Although nothing has been said about it, “Stuckey” states that the foul line must be observed, and from now on all bowlers will be penalized if they break this rule. He also wishes that all persons who bowl would either wear rubber heeled shoes or bowling shoes. Since the University co-eds have taken to the game so readily, certain times have been set off for co-eds alone/On Tuesday at 9, 11, and 2, instructions will be gdven. Thursday evening will be ladies’ night. Men will be allowed to bowl at all other times on the alleys which open at 8 a. m. and close at 11 p. m.
FRATERNITY GOLF
Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Pi Kappa Pki vs. Beta Theta Pi. Kappa Delta Rho Vs. Acacia; Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Delta Upsilon vs. Pirathon. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Xi. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
LATE PLEDGING
Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of E. J. Wadleigh, Indianapolis, and B. B. Fisher, Harvey, 111.
ielder’s.... ....choice -■-KBy Bob WalpoIeMM—■
A grand game, and the Boilermakers served notice that they will have one of the strongest teams in the country this year ... as long as the student body stands behind them with the kind of spirit that they showed Saturday ... —^fc— We heard a few suggestions that we might talk over for the benefit of everyone concerned with seeing future home games ... they are very reasonable, and should be well worth considering... —fc— First, that the loud speaking amplifiers for the public address system be placed at both ends of the playing field, and second that the penalties be announced on the score board very shortly after the play so that everyone intereiSted will li3iow what the offense was . .. —fc— When we heard the first criticism we inquired of various and sundry folk who were sitting at different locations in the stadium . . . those who were in the comers on the south end of the field had gpreat difficulty in picking’out the play by play an nouncements . .. those who were in ear shot of the amplifiers approved of the system aiid of the clearness in which the reports were sent out. —fo— As for the second suggestion, we are highly in favor of it.. . unless the football spectator is familiar with the game, and knows the quick signals given by the officials at the time of a penalty, he has to depend upon the scoreboard ... if the scoreboard is slow in putting up the proper indication, the spectator is lost. —^fc— In the program issued at each game there is a set of letters that indicate the penalty supposedly
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Frosh-Varsity Play Saturday Frosh Study WiBeonBln Plays To Use Against Varsity
The Frosh-Varsity football tilt, which was postponed, will be played this coming Saturday, October 3. Tickets, which were purduUjedi (m or before September 19, the <toy which the game was originally to be played, will be good. Additional tickets will be placed on sale tomorrow at Deac’s, Deckers’, Southworth’s, and the athletic ticket office in Purdue Hall. Pans wanting tickets are asked to come early because of the rush for tickets for the Wisconsin game to be played October 10. The admission price for the frosh game is twenty-five cents. There is some excellent material out for the frosh team and the game promises many thrills. Coach Bumham took his freshman squad indoors yesterday to study the plays attd formations of Wisconsin’s Badgers. He intends to use these plays against the varsity team in the battle Saturday. The opening lineup of the frosh team will probably be selected from the following players: linemen. Jack Krause, Momingstar, Morrison, Francs, Verplank, Heckman, Brem mer, Schreiver, Martin, and Britt; backfield, DeWitt, Brock, Hennis, and Vyverberg. No definite changes have been made in the varsity lineup as yet.
to be placed in the oval hole in the scoreboard at the south end of the field ... a little more haste in placing these letters will make it more interesting for the Boilermaker football fans ... —fc— The Dolphin club, an organization composed of Purdue varsity swimmers, is in charge of Friday’s dance in the Union Building . . . the proceeds will go toward a fund for swimming trips this winter... more later, but grab a date and plan to attend...
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119^^ Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Oinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBSRT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
MmhmitTBikHr
KEYS Knw inodub ttOm, Mt kdnib niikt btUbe* «iid paOMu, A«t* kpr» taai huM* tsdw • «9«> efaRjr. F. Jfos. Mulhaiiiit A Sm m-n NmUi PffOi Btnatr nmmnai LefareCCtblai.
R. S, BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVEBYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
John Sperb Hardware, Paint and Glass • 822-824 Biain Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY EnroB in Oar New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS WED. SEPT. 30,7:00 P. M. Waltz and Fox-'nrot Taught nwiw ain ALXfENTS 6th a Feny
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
O'
N£W CREPi: SOlaE
ISnede Oxfords TheVarsity Boot Shop
West Lafayette, Ind.
According to reports received by K. E. Beeson, University extension agronomist, some Indiana farms have yielded over four bushels of alfalfa seed per acre, Mr. Beeson stated that Indiana grown alfalfa seed when pfoperly dried and stored, is just as good as alfalfa seed of the same variety grown elsewhere. " He also said that harvesting seed from a field of alfalfa does not kill the stand. In fact, Mr. Beeson claimed, the roots are likely to be better supplied with plant food at the time of seed harvest than when hay is cut.
President Roosevelt will be one of the capacity crowd that attends l^he world’s series opener in the Polo Grounds October 1, Yankee officials announced.
To Purdue Student Body
For your convenience we offer the following “OWL CAR SERVICE” per schedule listed below for FIVE (5c) CENTS:
Cars Leave 10th & Main Sts. U:12P,M. 11:36 P.M. 12:00 Midnight 12:24 A. M. 12:48 A. M. 1:12 A.M.
Cars Leave 7th & Stadium Ave. 11:24 P.M. 11:48 P.M. 12:12 A. M. 12:36 A.M. 1:00 A. M. 1:24 A.M.
1 4
f/ >
Igage Fottt’
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TtteBday, g^^tembey 29. 1^3.6
C»‘«d«--Enmmta ift the women’s goU tourney must sign tip Sept. 80 at 4 p. in. m the women’s Gym. .-PITCH.
TYPEWIltrERS—ADDING MA€RINES» bought, sold, routed and repaired. Supplies for all machines. G. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779,
Vesper Services—Will be held Sept. 29 at 4:06 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation House. Prof. P. E. Lull will read and discuss selections of the social play “Winteraet’’. —McBACHRON,
Sophimiores—^All interested in becoming debate managers report to the Union debate office at 4 p. m. Sept. 80. —PERRY.
Lost—Soft leather pipe and tobacco pouch in or between the M. E. Building and Michael Golden Shops Thursday morning. Leave at address on pouch.
Debris—All salesmen _ report with books and money to Debris office at 4. —VAN NA'TTA.
For Sale—Combination book case and desk, $5. Ladies’ desk, $3.00. Desk chairs, ea. $2.06. Variety of merchandise. Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 5th.
A private lesson will be given free of charge Wednesday, Sept. 30, 7:00 P. M. to those wishing to enroll in our new Beginner’s Ballroom dancing class.
Lost—A suitcase with initials A. J. P. between Maple St. and Northwestern Ave., on Fowler St. Please return to Pop Ham at Delta Upsilon house.
Boys Wanted—^To work extra in the Purdue Union cafeteria.
Lost—Man’s wrist watch. Donald A. Baldwin, June 12, 1936, A. A. H. S. engraved on back. Phone 3418. Reward.
For Sale—^Variety of books, 5 cents and up. Several book racks. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth Street.
Lost—In the vicinity of Pierce Street — Westfield wrist watch — leather strap—gold numbers. Reward. C. B. Neilson, 122 Pierce.
Lost—Black note book south of University Hall near State Street. Call K. A. Barnette, 45751.
For Sale—^Woodstock office typewriter for sale, $10.00. Reynolds, 215 Fowler Ave. Phone 46383.
Union Sophomores—^The following staff committees have been selected. —SCHOLER. SHEETS W. T. IfieNang^B, B. S. Harper, M. J. Doyle, C C. McDonald, M. Goris, K. C Kessler, G, W. Mathews, W. H Reininga, Margaret Jones, Virginia Halse, Janet Forgey. PUTZE T. D. Cabonargi, R. S. Schreiber, R. D. McCreery, A. R. Fowler, T. Garland, J. A. Kirlin, D S. Mortenson, J. M. Rudolph, Martha Wood, Peggy Timberlake, Marion Graves, Rubydell Wilson. WEI6ANDT J H Poor, J. E. Taylor, D. E. Lewis, M. E Case, D. Hill, R Lauer, R. J. Meyers, D. A. Samuelson, Elizabeth Callison, Martha Smith, Ellen Gray, June Stewart. FITTS J. H. Jacobi, M. D. Stepath, R, E Skinner, R Disterdick, R A. Hoff, L Kingsley, J H Nicoll, B C. Thompson, Betty Driscoll,Jean Whitney, Elinor Tamer, Edith Herman. REITH A H. Taylor, J. W. Castino, D. King, H. W Palmer, M. E. Hopkins, A R Lidgren, D. J, Ogle, L. E. Troutman, Marjorij Rose, Charlotte Forman, Jane Hall REID B. N. Martin, W. C White, D. Light, E. L. Klein, R. Jackson, J. D. Longfield, J. J. O’Malley, D. W. Yeoman, Frances Bastburn, Mary Craig, Mary Hudson STALUNGS E S. Mason, E. M Craft, W Bohm, R H. Elliot, J A Jacobson, B C Laskoh C B Patch, R C Walters, Elizabeth Hunter, Phyllis Crossman, Rosemary McConnel, Marion White. SCATTERDAY C. S. Anning, H. N Behrends, J L. Bowen, R H Fatout, E J Janusz C. B Luce, H. A. Pfeifer, R. C. Zimmer, Blanche Eernell, Nina Dewitt, Martha Norman, Roslee Totten CLAYPOLE W K Millholland, R L. Mansfield, H. Brenman, B L. Fielding, J. R Keck, R. M McGhee, J. Quinn, Martha Reed, Carolyn Barker, Fay O’Bannon, Gertrude Smidt PFORZHEIMER D A Shoemaker, W. Shipley, R. Buechler, T Fuener, J E Kessel, D C. Manlore, R. L Reeder, Betty Rann, Jean Bailey, Elizabeth Stewart PERKINS M. Jones, F. Eastburn, F. Crossman, M. Reed, B. Rann, C Barker, C, Forman, E. Gray, V. Hulse, F. O’Bannon, J. Stewart, M White. MYTINGER E. Callison, B. Driscoll, E Hunter, M Craig, P. Timberlake, J. Bailey, M. Graves, J Hall, R McConnell, M Rose, E Stewart, J Whitney McLEOD M Wood, E. Turner, N. DeWitt, B Kernell, M Smith, J. Forgey, E Herman, M. Hudson, M Norman, G. Schmidt, R. Totten, R. Wilson.
Wanted—A baritone sax player. Call 3766.
Union Sophomores—Members of our committees will meeet in the Union office at 4 —PUTZE, WIEGANDT, FITTS PERKINS, SHEETS, CLAYPOLE.
Lost—A Keuffel and Esser slide rule with name “T. W. Davis” on both rule and case. Lost in Recitation Building. Return to 517 Wood Street. Reward.
NOTICES N« noticM acceptMl after S p. m.
R. O. T. C.—If it is raining today at 11 the fourth regiment will report and form at Fowler Hall The rest of the corps will form in the Armory I —BREWER
Notice—Paychecks are ready at the Stu dent Health Service for students who assisted with the physical exams during reg' istration —mijLBB.
Activities and Clubs—All organizations wishing activity rooms permanently or for regular meetings should petition for them before Sept 29. Those wishing rooms for meetings should specify the days they desire these rooms. —SHOEMAKER
Psychology—The regular three hour course entitled “Psychology of Public Opinion” Education 170, administered by Dr. H. H, Remmers, Dr. C. L. Morgan and Messers T. K, Nobs and L. W. Josselyn scheduled to meet T. Th. S at 11:00 will meet on Tuesday evenings in room 6, Education Building, beginning Tuesday, Sept. 29, 7 o’clock. There is room for additional memgers and persons possessing the qualifications listed in the University catalogue may enroll for the course. All persons interested in the course as regular credit-receiving members or as listeners should be present next Tuesday. —HALL.
Bowbng—There is a new women’s bowl ing class, P E W. 63, open Tuesday and ‘l^ursday at 2 p. m. 'Hiere is room for several more women Apply at Women’s Gym —ELLIS
Flying Club—Meeting Sept. 29 at 7:30 p. m. in Union —SMITH
Ddins—All salesmen report with books and money to Debris office at 4 —VAN NATTA.
Zouaves—Meeting at 4 p. m. in Armory Sept. 30. -WINTER
W. A. A. Hockey—Junior and freshman practice Sept. 29. In case of rain meet in gym. —THOMPSON.
Debris—All salesmen report with books and money to Debris office at 4 —VAN NATTA.
Bowlihg—The LCahy-Barrett combination claims the All-University doubles championahip and desires to announce itself open to all challenges Pi Tap Sigma—Important meeting at 7 p. m. Sept. 30, in the Union. ^ —WAIT, WAHL.
Gimlet Club—Meeting at 7 p m Sept 29 in Union for both actives and pledges —HODGDON.
Glider Club—Meeting for all new members Sept. 29 at 4 p. m. on fourth floor of the Ift^anical Building. , —O’NEAL.
IndepMidents—All students interested in debating please report to the P. I. A. office at 4 p. m. Sept. 29. ^ ^ —WHITE, HOUSEKEEPER
D^diris-'All salesmen report with books and money to Debris NATTAMpIMin GIpb-MeettoiiE Sept 29 at 4 p, m at Kappa Sig bouse. -FIELDS. plarera—Will aaeet at the Founda-
Discussion Group—Meeting Sept 30 at :30 p m —KUEHN
Health Service—The following are requested to report to the student health laboratory, room 101, Stanley Coulter Hall, Sept 30 or Oct. 1, between Sam. and 4 p. m. D E. Lowman, H J. Lucas, W T. Luce, L E Lucas, L. A. Luth, R A. Lynch, W. D McCauley, R P McConnell, P. H McKnight,
R. J. McMaken. R. W. McMurtrle, R. E. McNeal, C. T. Manlove, W. W. Mark, H. W. Markham, H. G. Martin, Dick Maurer, F. A. Mayfield, E. Meers, C. H. Michael, P. R. Miller, M. J. Miller. 'E. F. Miller, J. O. Mills, C. F. Milvo, W. W. Morris, H. O. Mouson, C. El Moore, J. A. Mroz, A. Moscowitz, G. Mueller, K. T. Mulholland, P. Murphy, W. H. Murray, P. B. Mvtsser, J. H. Musson, J. R. Nesbitt, J. Newman, G. Nicklas, J. A. Noon, J. K. Norris, E. Nufling, R. Obenchain, G. M. Oberholtzer, J. E. O’Connor, P. E. O’Connor, J. B. O’Farrell, E. H. Orr, E. M. Otto, W. R, Ourand, A. C. Palemo, J. M. Parrett, P. E. Peine, C. R. Peter, E. J. Pertz, R. C. Potter, E. W. Poto, J. M. Prendergast, A. F. Raebel, W. C, Raitt, E. F. Rateike, T. J. Reese, P. W. Rifenburgh, R. L. Reiley, R. RenBoin, J. R. Reser, M. T Reynolds, M. S. Riddiford, N. H. Riise, T. W. Rose, F. W. Rosebrock, L. A. Roth, W. H. Russe, F. J. Scott, G. F. Scott, R. A. Sherman, S. R. Schleicher, R. L. Schinbeckler, C. A. Schory, F. K. Schleicher, A. C, Schrader, P. Schriber, S. H. Scully, R. G. Schwaegerle, D. P. Seale, J. H. Sears, B. J, Serowick, H.,J. Segrave, R. J. Shank, R. S. Shaw, M. M. Shendler, G. Shepherd. S. W. Shiley, W. F. Shirley. H. E. Shively, R. J. Schrader, L. Seis6, J. L. Simmons, J. Singer, R. L Slaughter, F. K. Stamm, M. L. Stamm, B. Stack, R. Stouder, W. E. Starutt, R. P. Seaton, R. M. Stehman, T. B. Stephenson, M. R. Strock, Ivan W. Strong, R. C. Stroup, W. F Study, W. T. Sullivan, R E. Suly, O. O, Surface, M W. Sutton, J. C. Swander, L. K. Swing, D. W. Sweetnam, V. B. Thegae, A. N. Thom, J. H. 'Thompson, S. J. Thursby, J. F. Yocom, R. F, Tomezak, W. Townsend, J. T. Trembois, G. H. Truran, R H. Turnbell, W. E. Unger, H. D. Valentln.e M B VanHoose, R. W. Viehe, V. T. Vitkus, P. Vuchinas, R J. Vyverberg, R. J. Wagner, C. H. Waldhaver, R. A. Wargo, Lynn J. Warner, P. H. Wehrenberg, T A. Weldon, J J. Werst, J. W. Whitson. N. B. Willey, J. G. Williams, P. H. Wolfard, J. J. Wolf, J. R. Wood, C S Worden. W. M Young, K M. Young, A. Zimmerman, D J Quinlan, R. L. Zweig, Frances Baker, Enid G. Baker, Helen Barnes, Mary A. Beko, Dons Best, Dorothy Boenicke, Virginia E Goon, Emma Fickle, Rosemary Goodman, Ruth Graves, Marlon Groves, Ruth Hall, Marion Hays, Betty Hixon, 'ITielma Hood, Mary Huffine, Mary Ann Koch, Ellen Lentz, Louise Lyman, Lulia MacDermid, Catherine Mills, Jean Maechtle, Alice Martens, Mary Ann Nisley, Bettye Ossenberg, Marjone Padgett, Barbara Pickett, Helen Plank, Margaret Rickey, June Richards, Carmen Rivadeneira, Joan Roth, Georganne Schilling, Margaret Stacher, Edna Stephen, Helen Summers, Rhea K. Thomas, Catherine Weisinback, Pauline Wiseheart, Jane Woodcock, Esther Woodward, Sara Wynn, Shirley Yonover —MILLER
Independents—All P. I. A. membership salesmen and all independents interested in working on the membership campaign please report to the P I. A. office in the Union Sept 29 at 7 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Independent Staff—Important meeting of all members of the staff October 1 at 7 p m All independent students interested in working on the paper please report to this meeting. The final staff for the year will be decided upon. —SENNSTROM
Pluvius Sends DrizzleDr. Miller Stops Sniffles (Continued from page 1)
“(2) Proper bathing. Always take a cold bath after a hot bath, just as long in duration. “(3) Always put on extra garments after physical exertion. Do not try to work off a cold in the gymnasium. Do not sit on the ground. “(4) Do not sleep in a dormi-
A A A A A your neinf (all clothes looking new by using Crown Cleaning Service regru/or/y.
ROWN
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
tory OP room in a draft. Sleeping rooms should be warm during the day in order to dry the covers. “(5) Kissing is dangerous any time and more especially those with colds. “(6) Avoid cross ventilations while driving in automobiles. “(7) Refrain from drinking intoxicating liquors. “(8) Wear the proper clothes to dances and avoid stepping just outside to cool off and smoke with no top garment on. “(9) Do not let the temperature of your room become too hot or too cold. “(10) Do not sneeze or cough in one’s face or let him do the same to you. “(11) Get at least eight hours’ sleep each night. “(12) Eat a well balanced diet. “(13) Attempt to improve the bacterial flora of the mouth by use of mouth washes and gargles.” Dr. Miller also advised persons suffering with colds to stay in bed during the first three days of the cold. He said this would avoid complications and prevent the spread of the cold. This kind of treatment saves time in the long run. He also advised the use of resist-
ance builders such as c6d liver oil, alkalies and vaccines and stressed the duty of students to report to the health service for treatment when they arB suffering from colds.
WRH Elects Louise Schickler President Louise Schickler, of Lakewood, Ohio, was elected to the presidency of the Women’s Residence Hall by vote of the inhabitant co-eds, at a meeting conducted by Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Hall. Miss Schickler’s assistants are Georgianna Baker, vice president and social chairman and Pat Henry, secretarytreasurer. Those on the nominating committee were: Peggy Gran, chairman, Janet Burton, Eileen Devault, Joyce Johnson, Marti Mathes, Ruth Randall, and Helen Steffee.
Independent Co-eds Invited On PIA Hike Independent co-eds are invited to accompany the P. I. A. Hiking club on a trip to the W. A. A. cabin Sunday. The group will leave at 4:30 in the afternoon. Co-eds may sign up for the hike between 4:30 and 5:30 any afternoon in the P. I. A. office in the Union.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT / NOW I
... for tobacco cut right to smoke right
There’s st right way to carve a chicken or slice a hanu And there’s a right way to cut tobacco. When the tobacco in your cigarette is cut the way it is in Chesterfield • •. right width and right length • • • it bums even and smooth • • • it smokes better.
0193$. Liflcnr et Mvm Toucoo Co.NATIONAL
NEWS IN PICTURE AHO P^^^
Volii.^V'
X
They're dakhping new Amerkan University of Minnesota scientist W. B. Combs lis» aKxnmpH^ied liK; tiat is almcwt Iwe Fmiicb I^ioqiiefort in caves akmg tiie Missis^pi ntar tibe Twin Gitim fton
Wm or hsty his expression rwp^ changes . TVWilA>all y*goyies. adorning tne inenKsnof gymnamuni at tbe IJtuvemty of Idaho that came into llidr own-last of opta^-'season^^ gunes all over tlMt U. &Enables blind to read printed page T^lpp'hfir Ranseen, Northwestern ^ University, is shown with the device he invented to enable blind to read the ordinary printed page. An electric scanning device registers keyed formations from each letter on'a row of buttons that the reader feels.
Man on the campus broadcast Tn tpr\n‘ PAXT-pr Man on the street lllLCI V It: W t:i broadcasts go to Ipollege when the staff of WTAW, Texas A 6? M College, interviews students al they pass through the main building on their way home from classes.
New Parlor Game: Watch the Home Life of the Ants
latest parlor game of those who like guppies, goldfish and other watch'through'a'glass-wall pet^ is watching the work ofants housed in specially constructed
Nelle;IJiear your friend Roscoe knows the rapes Belle: I couldrCt say . His car has No
he comfort of riding with air that is fresh and draftless in a closed car is only oiie of the many improvements developed in recent years by General JVIotors. This steady flow of betterments is made possible by; the resonrces of General Motprs, and only because of the vast quantity of GlVl cars spid each year is the cost of these mpderri contributions to safety and comfort kept within reach of all.
A Public-Minded Institution
The antville navy rnarieuv^s in this one
A '''‘palace'2 houses the rulers.
CBjBVROUBT ■ PONTIAC • OLpSMOBliX • BUICK • tA SAIXE • CADIIXAC } ........ ^
a:UNIG: ASSIGNMENTS call for incre^ed ment^ effort. Ciunel$ heljp you with their cheering "lift.” Enjoy Cs^els» tbi>, for their aid to digeftipnvCainels never jangle your neryes or tire your taste.
Science the Triitii of the Popular phrase For Disestion’s Salte. ^. Smoke Camels’' is a banquet gir a sandwich^ a Caibel gives it more zest. Scieutiits have found that Camels g^ently stimulate the flow of the digestive fluids. . . alkaline digestive fluids.. . uecessa^ for good digestion. Worry and neitvous- : rtiess interfere with this flom Camels increase it! With their finery gdistlier tobaccos, Gieimels give mildness a new meanings AndMM
- ^ ’
... ..
m
They hammer and saw for college a^edits C^C\''(>A OiJrnP^^nt'PrQ coeds at the University of C3ali' V><tJ CU. Wdl pciitCl o foriiia at Los Angeles take a course in car-
hanuner, saw, drfll or dusd.
WideWoiU
jRrogs and breast'Stro\ers ldo\ ali\e^ f fn A(>r\TiTCitt>r '^^^ underwater with a new WctLCl camera device, this photo shows the chaihpionship breast-stroke form of Tetsuo HamurO of Nihon University Qapan). Note die wide leg spread of this app^meter
’3
r
She got a new pin and d new title
j-f. Cinemactress E*atricia ElUs now wears the, jeweled
O WcCtllv-ctl L. pin of Gamma Eta Kappa fraternity because she was selected as that Greek group’s “nationarsweefheart” at its Hollywood con-
vention. President Harold L, Orr is doing the pin hanging.
Acme
A dummy to train roolfk tochers
That's the name of the latest invention for the use of football coaches in training { idiron neo-
phytes and for givii^ workouts to the more experienced linesmen. It is being tee Marty Gilman (left), its inv^tor, ^d Fredr$wan, one of the Temple University mentors.
ed here by
Intematidoal
Double Jump ■^"omen in the first-year riding class at Coioradp Woman’s College . take-;a d o u.bl e. j um p - - but no t ss- i: pOut some worried looksi The riders are Maxine B r o s i u s a n d Alice P e t e r-
Gowns np sle^^
Students of King's CoU^ have to wear this
Student supeiddi^
The most Ettghdi looking a^^^ the tnost
beautiful atudena in King'a College meet on wheney® they go to a lectute or attend the
thecampuaforachat movies at mght.
before a game of golf:
5S@
WUmr ! . '
monkey rode in religious p4t
The one-eyed Cyclops. of Greek mythplogy
i-ZlOCMyCL 7 were linked' to ancient BabylPnian religion by
Science's brain trust, 2,soo strorig, inet at Harvard ^
iRv-^Ka Harvard’s 300th birthday noted Scientists and scholars convened in to ejc*'
. _ ^ ^ ^ ^ change news about their work and to tell their colleagues and the world about important discoveries. Chicago’s Oriental Institute. The above, photo shows an .alabaster giiown a between-meetings bull session of mathematicians on the steps 6f^ Emerson Hall led by Massachusetts Inmonkey which was iiarried during Babybnian religious ceremonies. gj^^^^QPj^ljPQlogyVPrPfvN. Weiner (right foreground). ^ ^ Acme
While Henry VIU watd^ ; . . Students study in the iiitricately panelled, finely furnished study hali of Trin.ity .Gollegev■;,'>y v., I. CSoiMoiATC Dioenr PbobM AUted BteMaedt-r-ni;;
Benches for some, chairs for the rest
In..iand^i^^
• This board in a student home is
for the ^nv^ienee^ p^^^ It JV^hght^yp^ti^^ pf the King’s tells wheth^ occupants ate at where students shown nere have just gathered for supper. Tney are shown
home pr npt. piiiying befiate sitting dow^Fat, sJ(inny, bespectacled PprlaancynPQ ^ unusual conceptioi? of i CVJctg<JgU.Co members of an aca' demic procession is this pamting, “Pedagogues,” by Lawrence Adams, instructor in art at the University of Missouri,
For career guidance Techniquests technic Institute and Lafayette College now conduct special courses to assist prospective students to determme their fitness for specific vocations before enrolling m college. Above IS shown a scene as future engineers enter a mine near Lafayette College to see if they want to follow the underground life.
Radio education gets an education ^+-nr1tr Radio educational direc' INCW OtUUy tors from all sections of the U, S. for the past few months have been studying the rights and wrongs of current educational radio broadcasts at special sessions at New York University. Here's a group arranging musical scores for future broadcasts with Brois Nevin (center), director of the project.
Their wings maJ{e 6o beats a seqond SnPPfl PKotn remarkable one hundred thousandth of a second stop motion photO' OpCCU. X IIU LU graph of six female ruby^throated humming birds is the first of its kind show-' mg their wing action. It was taken by Prof.'H. E. Edgerton, K. J. Germeshausen and H, E. Grier, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where this method of high-speed photography was developed. Although perches are provided, the birds prefer to hover while feedmgFi^ ihe^e fields hUs co^ At the top is the “Gqldeii Line” of oil wells oWned by the university , whdo at
57iere!s w >1/J,, nei^bors of Wa^ Golumbia * ® ^ University professor and author of Li/e Begins dt jF^orty, are aU ag^ over this cturious craft being built on his estate^ which is in the mountains and quite :a dista|^-'frtttn-'de?^ ^ -
A general view of the University of Texas’ modern campus arid atl^
Center of activity t The T^s istudent^ uhten bui^ ing is one of the naost modetn in the wuthj^ housing a ih^ority of the extra'curricuhir activities.
Center of learning This new tower Of learning is the home of the administmtion and the
you RE DeesP .RIGHT “THE EIRST TOBACCO 1^ EVER FCW DOESM*T SITE My TOMGUE QR GET W
PLAY-BY-PIAY DESCRIPTION OF SMOOTH SMOKING! Siving back the lid; pf /:the' Prince Albert tin. WhiiF the fragrance. Tamp the goldent brown particles in the pipe I bowl. And light up. Cool? Mild ? Youbet. Prince Albert’s the tobacco for choosy pipe ■} smokers. It’8*‘erimp cut.’^It doesn’t bite the tonguerl I The offer below leads you direct to the national'
p||i«f«il» oS Imgrant; t'obgcco .«verr;2>6uniee'; tiin- : of PrincS AlbortTakas 0ent More $kKi>w tinn' Multipl^t*o|t| Pens... V Uible • • • Dry-PW*W’S»'Bd.
mpuii 7 FEATUR IHbl^iNiisiWYWO
exams like a perfect pen that
'rtimd fri^to do your work with precisi does all this—and more besides! Gian
ieothertouch'
i.
Compare
about fluid supply. Touch the satinypoint to paper end words fly with
a Sheoffer with all others, andilf you bought several other pens, you nbt have all the features combined in thes^SipfiaK3)ieafler. Enjoy the
serene self-possessioi Have thot writing career, through^
»rming pens give!
school, through your ^ (ifeliple guaranteed Sheafferl
Suaiflirteed for the life of
j^lpSKiMKl yyilfi^ daiwi^—when senriced
ppstage, hcMdiino charge—35c
A. SHEATFER PB4 CO^ FORT MADISON, IOWA
i^^j^afer pens, all colors, ^25 to ^18
X'-
Siieofier pencils, *t to ^5
PnA Skrig, Answar I* OSS 4nn|. WOT nvwOTOTo IW Sfcrip pmervos pen ''tnaMek’* in icta. Sheofler’e endnsive SKMF-WBUL waters cnacilp rig^ tsinount; no waste or soUed fingen. Piennanent Royal A Bkro or WasboMa. Wostiable SSL washes easily oat of fabrics.
oB«c o. s.rw.ae
An old alatmcJocl^fourmirrors and odds and ends . . . commoaplace houadidid gadgets went into tibe making XXdliAOUtt^ tiro bdiostat (an mstrament opaHe of holding the sun s lij^t stationary for observatioaX an mventkxi of G^ge Huck, Los Ai^ks Junior Odiege engioeeniK stnk^ Tim akum dock turns a beam drum udndi revolves a wooden disc, avowing a mtrroc to fdlow the aim at ooe'holf the rate of dbe ceiestial body, thus holdyi^ the sunbeam statipnary for an ipeumte analyiua Wide Wadi