I
Joe iihal Elamed Most Valuable ’38 Boilermaker
the WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness, with snow flurries and colder today.
Purdue Exponent
Vol. 50
No. 60
TUESDAY
November 22, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Welsh Singers Entertain Fresh, Seniors At Convo R. Festyn Davis directed his Welsh Imperial Singers in 26 choral and solo selections in Memorial Gymnasium for last night’s convocation. Tonight the chorus will sing at 8 p. m. for sophomores and juniors; last night they appeared before freshmen and seniors. Only blue stalf tickets and tan townspeople’s tickets will be honored tonight aside from passports or single admission student tickets. Tickets will go on sale to the public at one dollar each if any seats remain vacant before 8 o’clock. Two Part Program From a repertoire of over 100 great songs the singers presented a program in two parts, 14 numbers in the first part and 12 numbers in the second part. All-request numbers marked the second part of the program, “The Lost Chord” receiving the greatest applause. Tonight’s program will be different from last night’s, Davis announced. The 16 voiced chorus gathers with their accompanist and director around the grand piano for choral numbers, spreads out across the stage for solo numbers. With a nod of his head their director draws them together around the piano, giving the impression of an eighteenth century music master. Colorful Appearance With bright red swallowtail coats, puffed shirts, and buff trousers the Singers present a colorful appearance on the stage. Director Davis varies the theme with tan coat and black knickerbockers. Their garb is of the era when he-men were, permitted to be ornamental in dress without impugning remarks. Accompanist Wilfrid Atherton drew heavy applause with three piano selections, “Wedding of the Painted Doll,” “Trees,” and “Waltz in E Flat.” As is their custom, last night’s program opened with “March of the Men of Harlech.” Final song of the evening was the Welsh National Anthem. Date For Radio Club Meeting Postponed Because of the convocation which will be held tonight, the Radio Club has postponed its scheduled meeting until next Tuesday, November 29. M. T. Gannon, EE '38, now a member of the electric engineering staff, will address the club. On December 13, the electrical engineering department will hold an equipment exchange. A Comet *‘Pro” loudspeaker will be put on auction and will go to the highest bidder. All those who are interested in this exchange may attend.
Sweet Swingstress
Martha Tilton, Benny Goodman’s “Sweetheart of Swing” may be heard with Goodman and his band in their program tonight over the WABC-Columbia network from 8:30 to 9 o’clock, CST. Feminine Fashions Under Fire Today At Charm School “What’ll I Wear?”—the co-ed’s age-old question, will be answered this afternoon at the WSGA and YWCA Charm School, at 4 o’clock, in the faculty lounge of the Union, by Jane Stewart, style consultant and personal shopper, from H. P. Wasson and Company, Indianapolis. • Miss Stewart has been traveling since September to various schools and colleges in Indiana solving the co-ed’s fashion problems and obtaining constructive suggestions in addition to demonstrating appropriate campus clothes. She will base her talk on the co-ordination between charm and style. Accompanying Miss Stewart will be Miss Yvonne DeBreton, Indiana’s beauty queen of last year, who will model the appropriate costumes and accessories for many occasions. Treva Berry, co-chairman of the Charm School, will model some of the dresses and accessories as well as current campus fashions. Having presented the ed’s, teacher’s, and secretary's views on feminine dress and activity, Chann School, under co-chairmen Treva Berry and Catherine Cooley, will today present the business woman’s viewpoint. Following the lecture, questions about the personal appearance of co-eds will be answered. Activities Meeting “Policies of the Activities Bureau” and “Future Plans of the Bureau” will be discussed by Bureau Director Leon Jacobson at a general nieeting in room F of the Union at 4:30 today. Jacobson especially urges all the sophomore workers to attend.
Pictures Of Old Oaken Bucket Gridiron Fight Are Shown 24 Hours Afterward
Thanks to Paramount’s Chicago ' studios. Boilermaker football fans were able to see re-enacted on the silver screens of local theatres the spectacular defeat of Bloomington’s Crimson Tide only twenty-four hours after its actual occuri’ence at
Ross-Ade stadium.
Set up side by side with movie cameras from both contesting universities, Paramount men ground off quite a few feet of film during the game. At the crack of the final gun they loaded their equipment in a waiting automobile and “took off”
for Chicago.
At the windy city stpdios the film was edited, and sound, composed of recorded cheering from previous games and running comment on the plays, was superimposed on the film. Comment on the plays being salvaged from hastily scribbled notes taken between frenzies at the grid
battle.
After the final film, with sound track finished, had been perfected and previewed for errors, it was again loaded in a car and another wild dash to Lafayette made its showing possible at local movie
houses Sunday evening.
Fantasy Tickets Half Gone; Show Cast Rehearses By Hank Wist Over half the tickets available for the two performances of Student Union’s annual Black and Tan Fantasy were claimed by students jamming the desk in the Union yesterday afternoon. The remainder, all matinee passes, will go to first comers this afternoon at 4 p. m. Meanwhile rehearsals go on apace ih the Union tower room as the vocal chorus, band, feature vocalists, chorines, and gag men perfect their numbers and coordinate them into what promises to be the tops in Student Union musical presentations. Special Arangement Paul Worcester’s singing chorus went through its first band rehearsal last night, smoothing out the specially arranged opening minstrel number, finale, and other presentations to perfection. A special arrangement of Hoagy Carmichael’s “Heart and Soul” by Ed Gross and Hugh Williams will be a feature offering. The pony chorus will present two dances arranged by Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton. Rehearsals have been going on for more than a week and the select troupe of eight pretty and shapely co-eds goes through the routines with definite smooth-
ness.
Making her debut in University presentations will be Peggy Davis, freshman from Hyde Park, 111., and (Continued on page 4) Soph Engineer Talks Precede Hanley Contest Sophomore engineers will take their turns in the eliminations on December 6 preceding the Hanley speech contest. Beginning at 4 p. m., the contest will continue through December 7 when the finals will be
held.
An annual affair, the Hanley contest offers a chance for fame to two engineering students from each class. An elimination affair is held among the members of the separate classes, the first and second place winners from each group are eligible for the final event of the contest which will be held in the spring. Sophomores wishing to enter must apply before December 6. The sophomore forensic managers will visit each fraternity house -with the application blanks, and anyone who wishes to procure an application should call Bob Carr at the Delta Tau Delta house. ' $50 Prize First place winner in the intraclass content receives a first prize of $50, while second place money is $20. Dean Potter has offered an engineering handbook for the firstV prize in the sophomore event. Thp/ sophomores must use some ph^e of economics as their subject matter. Topics do not have to be a discussion of economics itself but must pertain to the subject. The frosh contest, held earlier in the fall, was won by Gordon Belles. Willliam D'. Croft won Jast year’s contest as an entry from the sophomore class. Judges for the sophomore contest will be four instructors from the University’s speech department.
Elmer Layden...
.. . well known Notre Dame coach and speaker at last night’s football
banquet.
Favors Will Supplant Programs At Union Formal Friday Night Favors will supplant programs at the Union Formal on Friday night when each girl attending will be given a white leather zipper pouch, stamped with the seal of Purdue University. It is the first time in years that favors have been given at a Union dance. Maestro Clyde McCoy will play for dancing for four hours, from 8:30 to 12:30, by special permission of Dean Fisher. McCoy and his Sugar Blues orchestra played here last, year for the Big Apple dance, and presented one of the most successful jam sessions of the season. Recently he has been making recordings and has just finished a series of motion picture shorts for Warner Brothers studios in New York. He comes to Purdue directly from the Trianon ballroom in Chicago, where he has been filling an engagement. According to Union president Gordon Matthews, 75 Formal tickets are yet unsold. Welding Group To Meet Dec. 1-2 The 14th annual Purdue University Welding Conference will be held December 1 and 2 at the University. Over 600 delegates, representing many different phases of the welding industry, are expected to be present. Speakers will give talks on the latest developments in methods and equipment for the benefit of the manufacturer and the small operator. Visitors to the conference will discuss the developments in the industry in the past year. A feature of the meeting will be an exhibit of both gas and electric welding equipment and supplies. Demonstrations will be given by representatives of the manufacturers. WAA Sports Spread For Co-eds Tonight All co-eds are urged to attend the WAA Sports Spread, sponsored by the Sportswomen at 6 p. m. at the WAA Cabin today. Girls desiring to hike to the cabin must be at the Women’s Gym at 4:30 p. m. Tickets, priced at 26c, may be purchased downstairs in the Women’s Gym. Approximately 16 freshman girls will receive freshman numerals for their participation in hockey and in archery, P^ns for winter sports will be discussed at this time.
Faculty Nixs Proposal For Longer Holiday
Meeting yesterday afternoon in the Executive Building, the executive committee of the University faculty failed to approve a proposal to create a four day Thanksgiving holiday. The plan suggested would have cut a day and a half from the Christmas vacation period. M. C. Magnussen, senior chemical, represented the student group sponsoring the holiday plan at the executive committee meeting. His idea was to replace the Friday and Saturday classes which would be missed by classes on Tuesday and Wednesday, January 3 and 4. The Christmas vacation as originally scheduled will end January 5 at 8
Purdue's Elevens Head Big Ten Race On Ten Year Basis The Boilermaker eleven threw the nations’ dopesters for a loss with its spirited cooperation and field play, this year, by winning three games with one tie and one loss in the Big Ten race, and wound up a ten year period that find the Riveters at the top of the conference heap. The means in which the Big Ten leadership was accomplished was by taking over three victories in four starts for the impressive average of .760. In the composite standing, the Riveters are closely followed by the Minnesota Gophers, who defended the championship honors for the current season, and Ohio State’s Buckeyes, who occupy the third po-
sition.
In the past decade the Boilermakers have lost a dozen games in the Big Ten to take top honors from 1929-1938 inclusive. The comparative Big Ten standing for the period follows: Team W, L. Td Pet. PURDUE 36 12 5 .750 Minnesota 34 12 4 .730 Ohio State 36 13 5 .734 Northwestern 31 20 5 .607 Michigan 30 22 3 .576 Illinois 20 30 2 .400 Wisconsin 18 30 4 .375 ^Indiana 16 29 8 .340 Iowa 8 30 8 .210 Chicago 8 37 2 .177 * Indiana credited for one victory for win in round robin series at Chicago in 1931.
Co-ed Holiday Hours Co-ed hours for Thanksgiving vacation will be 12 o’clock for Wednesday and 11 o’clock Thursday.
No Captain Elected; Team To Name One Before Each Game By R. L. McDonald Exponent Sports Editor Co-Captain Joe Mihal, stellar senior tackle, was singularly honored by his teammates at last night’s annual Kiwanis football banquet when he was selected as the most valuable player on the 1938 squad, while major lettermen threw precedent to the wind and voted to choose a captain before each game in preference to choosing a regular captain from among the several seniors who will be regulars on next year’s squad. Approximately 400 people gathered in the ballroom of the Union Building at the annual Kiwanis Club banquet last night to pay tribute to the fighting spirit of the speedy Boilermakers who, contrary to aU predictions and pre-season ratings, rounded out a 10-year period in which Purdue elevens have stood at the top in the Big Ten composite standing.Letters Awarded Thirty-nine major letters and 10 minor letters were awarded to the members of the squad by Coach Mai Elward, as Noble Kizer, Dave Ross, Elmer Layden and other personages praised the merits of Purdue’s fine team which finished in a tie with Michigan for second-place honors in the Big Ten race. Layden, N. D. Coach Talks Elmer Layden, popular coach of the Notre Dame Irish and guest speaker at the annual banquet, amused his audience with numerous anecdotes taken from, his years of experience as a coach and player. Looking forward to Purdue’s ‘‘warm-up” game with the Irish next year, Layden closed his brief address by saying, “We are anticipating your visit, and we hope to have a grand game.” The complete list of football letter awards follows: MAJORS: Raymond Abbott, West Lafayette; Richard Ainslie, Lafayette; Jack Ainsworth, Lowell; Theodore Axton, Prospect, Ky.; Clyde Bliss, Farmville, Va.; Gene Britt, Lafayette; Louis Brock, Ataford, Kas.; Jack Brown, Indianapolis; Michael Byelene, Massilon, Ohio; Prank Bykowski, South Bend; Leon DeWitte, Mishawaka; Leonard (Continued on page 3)
Bong, Bong, Bong, Bong,Bong,Bong, Chimes, Chimes, Who Wants The Chimes?
By P. C. Ganzar
We quote from, the Indiana Daily Student for Saturday, November 19, “Indiana University’s new victory chimes are stored safely in Lafayette tonight and will be given over to fans from the Downstate institution following tomorrow’s gridiron battle between the Fightin’ Hoosiers and the Boilermakers.” Sure . . we’ll turn them over to you, but what the . . .? Indiana University doesn’t want
the victory chimes!
At least that’s the impression those who tried to turn them back after the game received. Alnmst evei*y lU student group questioned replied “not interested” when asked if they would like to take the chimes
home with them.
What Victory Chimes? Replies ranged from “No, let somebody else drag the things
home,” to “Victory chimes? . . . what victory chimes?” The victory chimes, brought to Lafayette Thursday night preceding the game as vengeance on the bellseeking expedition of Hoosierites Wednesday, are still in Lafa3mtte. (Confidential reports have it that the lU expeditionary forces were mad as hops because they could not find our victory bell). At a late hour last night the bells were still awaiting an optimistic lU man who might possibly have hopes of a future Indiana victory. But don't wbn-y Boilermakers, we will get rid of them somehow, even if we have to give them to Bing and his Kraft Music Hall.. . you. know . . . “Bong, bong, bonigp— Your station is blah-blah-blah” . .
etc.
iV 1
fdHokud
THE PUBDTIE EXPONENT
J^udtuMA
Tuesday. November 22.193ff
Thanksgiving Holiday... . . . again this year came up for consideration by the faculty at the request of students. This time the scheme was to substitute the last day and a half of Christmas vacation for the extra Friday and Saturday at Thanksgiving. This afternoon when the matter was brought before the executive committee of the University faculty the holiday did not gain approval. At this late date there would be many objections to the holiday. The Student Union has pl^ed a free Thanksgiving show and a formal dance for which tickets have been sold. The Women’s Residence Halls and several fraternities will be holding dances over the week-end. There would be a great deal of confusion if an attempt was made to hold Saturday classes on a Tuesday afternoon and Friday classes on Wednesday as the proposed plan suggested. Probably the chief reason the holiday would be impractical, however, lies in the fact that it would rob the Christmas vacation period of a day and a half. Many students must work during that vacation period and the time lost would be expensive for them. Other students live so far from Indiana that they would not be able to make use of the four day vacation. Shortening the Christmas period might even make it impossible for some of the out-of-state students to get home then. The only possibility left is that the schedule for next year be changed. This has been
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consresa of Mordh 8, 1870, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of Oetober 8, 1917, authorized Janu> ary 20, 1022. Published daily except Uonday during; the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year^ mail subscription 88.60.
Editor'IU'Chief. Business Manager..
H. I. Stanbadc R. R. Hensler
BUSmESB OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opin- , and do not necessarily coincide with the official Univiewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by
or-ln-ehief.
lUUB Alt Ab ions, and versity vli the editor
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representattve AZO MAOtsoN AVE. New York, N. Y. Chicago Boston ■ Los Angeles - Sah Francisco
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Ahlf Tuesday, November 22, 1938
to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer's signature and should be limited to 150 words in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be published with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in &is column. STOP AGITATION! Dear Editor: Let’s stop this agitation for holidays not scheduled by the University. The men and women of Purdue should be able to accept the responsibility of attending classes without periodic attempts at evasion of class attendance. Such movements have become an obsession with Purdue students. Each year at this time the campus breaks out with a rash of petitions. Let’s grow up and have no more of it. W. E. G., EE ’39. Mohiman Fraternity Debate Progressing “First round of the Mohiman in-ter-fratemity debate contest is progressing rapidly. Most of the fraternities will finish their debating activities this evening. We expect to have all of the results from the various debates in by tomorrow,” said Bob Carr, varsity debate manager. Five more rounds will follow this preliminary contest which has been underway for the past few weeks. Friday will see the opening of a new rotmd of debates. At least 25 debates will be held over a period of about two weeks. A total of about 30 fraternities, the largest number ever to compete for the championship, are entered in this year’s Mohiman contest. Judges for the contest include prominent lawyers, and members of the economics, history, and government departments of the University. Foreign Students Invited To Thanksgiving Party Tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock Wesley Foundation will hold its annual Thanksgiving party for students from other lands. Among the items on the program will be short talks on “My Native Land” by representatives of the various nationalities present, and an autograph hunt in which autographs in various languages will be passed out. The 88 foreign student m the University have been invited and American students are likewise welcome according to the committee in charge including Amy Meyers, Florence Senour, Hugh Wagner, Mar- \^ jorie Hoover, and Mrs. McFadden.
will he given dancers at the door of the ballroom. As a special feature of the evening. Miss Knight of the PEW department will teach the Lambeth Walk. Through The Eyes Of A Reporter Smile at some girl, eds! For she will pay one greenback for the ticket to dance, and she will choose the man of her dreams to accompany
her.
She will wear a long dress and her choice will come for her attired in a freshly pressed business suit. Eds will bring our stack of change as usual to buy cokes. At the door we (I hope she asks me) will get masks and confetti— the masks to put on our faces and the confetti to sprinkle about. There’ll be a dance, too. Are We Subtle, Wow! Bud Bryant’s orchestra will play for the dance from 9 till 12. Sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association, it’s going to be a Wow. Former years brought forth sports clothes, and the couples met at the Union. This year’s dance will feature several dances in which you will change partners every few jumps and then try like something or other to guess who she is. Half of her face will be concealed behind the mask I’ve been telling you about. Much like a New Year’s ball, this WAA bid dance will be a welcome relief to the eds. Co-eds take note; being saving ypur pennies! From India... . . . came Robert Markley, ME '19, to see the Purdue-Indiana football classic Saturday. Markley is assistant manager for the Socony-Vacuum Oil Go. at Karachi, India, and is on a six months’ leave of absence. Markley was a three letter man at Purdue, football, baseball, and basketball. He has been in India most of the time since his graduation, is a native of Shelbyville.
Billiard playing students—^here is a chance to go out and shoot a Thanksgiving dinner for yourself, literally as well as figuratively. Annual shoot for a Thanksgiving turkey dinner will take place in the Union billiard room at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow night. Play will consist of a three-cushions rapid-fire tournament and rotation. Those four students finishing at the top, first and second in each division, will be feasted on turkey Thanksgiving Dhy either in the chestnut room or the grill. No entry charge will be made, and billiard room managers expect about 36 students to engage in the contest. Essay Contest Ends Saturday At 6 p. m. Saturday, November 26, at 6 p.m. IS the deadline set for all essays concerning comments on the subject, “Is The Discipline of Military Schools a Necessary Part of Them.” This contest is sponsored jointly by the Playshop and the Mars theater, offering as a prize for the first four winners a pair of tickets for either the Mars or Lafayette theaters. The essays should contain not more than 600 words, and may be either serious or comic, but must be based on events in the movie, “Brother Rat,” which is playing today and tomorrow at the Mars. All those who are interested in Playshop are advised to see this picture. Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Everett H. Newbegin, ’41, of Whitinsville, Mass., and John Reiner, ’42, of Chicago, HI.
ALl.E'^'’ SCHOOL OF DANCINCi CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Opens Wed., Nov. 30th 7:30 P. M. Advanced Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st 7:30 P. M. No Lessons Given During Holiday Vacation. P. M. Allen, Lnstructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ^ j I
attempted often, but it usually turns out that no changes can be made. The Exponent, however, would appreciate any suggestions as to possible changes next year. If those students interested in a change will write their ideas down and deposit them in the Exponent box at the Union desk, the suggestions will be compiled and turned over to the proper authorities.
Tickets Now On Sale For WAA Ball; Invite Hopes Ride High With Eds Tickets for the annual WAA Masked Ball on Friday night, December 2, are now on sale at all of the sorority houses and the Women’s Gym. Next week, the tickets, which sell for $1.00, will be placed on sale in the Union, Music for this dance, which is the second co-ed bid affair of the year, is to be furnished by Bud Bryant and his orchestra. Masks, confetti, and streamers - hi
Billiard Room Gives Thanksgiving Feast
LU»A
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
2 Big Hiis!
AMECHE' SIMONE ROBERT SIMON-YOUNG'
[ A 20fh Century-Fox Picture with ^ BERT LAHR ^iS ^JOAN DAVIS.
Barbara STANWYCK HERBERT MARSHALL IAN HUNTER CESAR ROMERO • LYNN BARI
AH Seats 20c til 6:00 After 6:00—10c-20c-25c
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By,IJell|r
WE UNDERSTAND THAT . . . . . . that annual petition is out again this year. You know the one that reads that we should have an extra day Thanksgiving because we won the football game. MAYBE IF WE ALL . . . . . . kept quiet and didn’t say anything about it the board would give us the vacation just to be obstinate. The co-eds shouldn’t complain, they got to stay out until 2 o’clock last night, and the eds had to be in when they got good and ready. SPEAKING OP LAST . . . . . . night—or should we. Who was that guy in the balcony that kept throwing pop-corn down stairs ? That part of it was all right but we sure got mad when that Theta beat us on the jump EVERY time.
THE BOYS IN . . . . . . the little black caps are beginning to prepare themselves for the chopping block—or goal post—^rendezvous. That night thpse boys can put a piece of raw beef steak to shame.
ALL IN ALL . . . . . . the boys are holding up pretty good. BOTTLE EDWARDS has only made six or seven mistakes a day since he heard the date of initiation, so don’t be surprised if you don’t get your Debris this year—^just laugh it off and try again next year.
THE MAIN SOURCE . . , ... of conversation these days seems to be the CO-ED cheerleaders. We will have to admit that the girls are a novelty and without a shadow of a doubt they attracted attention.
WE MIGHT SUGGEST . . . ... a diving board for BARBARA COOK, altho STUBBY tried his best. Let’s give the gals a chance to get used to the crowd, we may have something there.
JIM McKEE . . . ... did you finally get that big scoop story about the death of President Elliott in the Clipper Ship crash ? . . . the editorial boys were only POOLING!
FAMOUS LAST LINES . . . . . . engmeeis are often baffled by the fact that some of the girls with streamlined figures offer the most resistance.
“America? Do we see that on the way to Hollywood?”
J4i m and ^Jder
By Georgaim Schilling
There were certainly plenty of social gatherings both on and off the record this week end! Those drowsy looks present on most faces yesterday needed no explanation. But time tumbles on, and this is the week foi turkeys, and stuff. —H-H— Our little squib concerning the Union Foimal and Clyde McCoy seems about to become a reali^ty, Friday is the night set for this ul-tra-formal dance, and everyone seems quite excited over the whole thing. -H-H— Glancing through some Debris of former years we discovered a number of things about the former beauties. In 1908 hair was definitely up with rats to make the puffs or roll look larger. Dresses were long, and usually made of velveteen or wool. Then in 1921 Debris eight girls who were Queens of the May, wore their
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOOBII DANCEl^i
-AND-
^ THE TWEE iUMMiiiits
— Also — “Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
TODAY — TOMORROW
Refreshing Romance and Split Second Action!
I^AFFAIRS
A First
hair down both in the back and on the sides. Bangs were seen occasionally. “Oh, for a tomahawk!”' was the comment of one on-look-ing ed. —H-H— On to the 1924 Debris, and here we found hair perfectly waved or marcelled, sometimes shingled in back. The dresses were more like sacks—full, bunchy, low waisted and ribbony. But then, as now, the college girls had much influence on current fashions. Pans designers admit securing many ideas for styles from the college lasses. The trend toward weaimg pearls with sweaters, and the more recent idea of hair bows (which has grown fiom a trend to a craze) both originated on American campuses.
IdMVKTU
TODAY - WEDNESDAY WI-G-IW MUSICAL ROSWANTScM^ TRIOMPHI ’
RMNER-miHORIIlS HUGH HERBERT LIONEL ATWILL fW —EXTRA— Popeye Cartoon -Special"PARAMOUNT NEWS Pictures of PURDUE-INDIANA GAME
WRR TRJIT nXfi-BERT TIMT DIWM IMT BOfiU-IERE THEY COM!
TODAY—WED.
MARIA
Tuesday, November 22,1938
THE FORDUE
^hfAfA ■
EXPONENT
Joe J\AihaL Brock Selected On Big Ten All-Star Squad
Insignia Board Announces Letter Awards To Members Of Boilermaker Fall Squads
i/
Selects R* L. McDonald# C. B. Metz, M. A. Keller For Current Year's Intramural Manager Positions Letter awards to the members of the Riveter’s varsity and freshman cross-country squads, as well as the nine additional freshman baseball awards and the selection of intramural managers, were announced yesterday afternoon following the approval of the insignia board of the Student Athletic Association.
One major and six minor letters
By Angie Arkin
were awarded to the members of the varsity cross-country squad. Art Bodeau, Chicago, 111., who placed fourth in the Big Ten championships, was awarded the lone major, while minor letters went to P. H. Fatout, Indianapolis; A. V. Gaulke, Hales Comers, Wis.; A. P. Knapp, LaCrosse, Ind.; R. B. Marozick, Des Plaines, 111., and W. W. White, Elk-
hart.
Fresh Cross-Country
Cross - country numerals were awarded to the following freshmen: R. S. Decker, Indianapolis; D. L. Grat, West Terre Haute; R. W. Jarvis, Terre Haute; K. C. McLaughlin, Indianapolis; E. R. Obus, Collinswood, N. J.; W. W. Strong, Indianapolis; and H. C. Young, Twelve Mile.
Three Projectors ONE"
Tho S.V.E. TriPurpose Projector with slide carrier in place £or showing 2" s 2" glass slides.
Show your 38 mm. film with this conven-
ient projeotwl It projects (1) stogie trar^
film, (2) double frame film or (3) indivldua frames mounted between 2“ x 2" glass slides. Oomplete with slide carrier, ftODOO lamp, lens and carrying case.... "OO
HINEA'S 634 Main Street Picture Framing Portrait by Photography
^feAe it a..
The RYTEX CHRISTMAS CARD BOOK
The new 1938 Rytex Personal Christmas Cards ... are now on display in our Stationery Department/.
Smarter than ever . . . and yet ... for ail their warm cheer . . . quality papers and matching envelopes . . . they come to you smartly boxed and completely folded , priced at only ... 25 for $1 . . . or 50 for $1, including your Name on each Card.
HAYWOOD’S 5th and Ferry Streets
Athletic Officers Plan Table Tennis Contests
—^fc-
Plans are being completed by University athletic officials to organize a table tennis club during the current school year to play other Western Conference groups. Ping pong enthusiasts may sign up in the new Fieldhouse intramural office, according to David L. Nassau, student in charge.
Beta Sigma Psi...
-fc
. . . social fraternity, announces the formal initiation of Henry Resner, Floriculture ’41, and Stanley E. Werngren, ChE ’41.
Now that the season is over Tony Ippolitto and Paul Humphrey can once again concentrate on medicine —and Pota—what was her last name? hrmmmmmph!
Rainer, Gravet,... Boxeis Prepare
¥ Freshmen numerals in baseball were won by the following men who did not qualify last spring, but showed sufficient improvement during this fall’s drill to merit consideration: J. P. Brown, Lowell; H. P. Hunter, Williamsport; H. D. Pogue, y Fairbanks; H. W. Schaefer, South Bend; W. R. Smith, Pendleton; R. L. Stallings, Andrews; E. F. Tate, Plainsfield, 111.; W. F. Taylor, Lar fayette, and W. J. Waterhouse, West Lafayette.
C. B. Metz, of Louisville, Ky., was named junior intramural manager for the first semester and M. A. Keller, Alliance, Ohio, for the second semester. R. L. McDonald, of Dunkirk, was named senior intramural publicity manager for the year.
Fioht
Coach “Punchy” Maxwell and a squad of 53 men are working out evenings in preparation for the boxing season, which will begin the first week in December with an in-tra-squad tournament.
. . . co-star in “The Great Waltz” current at the Lafayette theatre. Filmed against a colorful Viennese background, the film is a story of the life and loves of Johann Strauss, containing all of his most popular waltzes. Gravet and Miliza Korjus sing the lyrics, with orchestration by the MGM grand orchestra.
Only six men are returning from last year’s team, but from all appearances, it looks as though the other positions will be filled by one of the newcomers. No heavyweight is listed at the present time, but all other positions seem to be well fortified.
Two light-heavies, Lyles and Lord are returning from last year’s squad making this one of the strongest posts at the present time. Dilts, a natural slugger, is back from the 1937 team at middleweight; and Keffaber is back at welterweight. Hardesty is returning in the featherweight division and Franklin as the leading bantamweight.
RENT-A-CAR
. . For Business or Pleasure
By the Mile .
REIMERS RENT-A-CAR Phone 6455 314 pf. Fourth
GIVE YOURSELF A
Treat yourself to the finest, most delicious meal you ever tasted Excellent home-cooking
and friendly service will make you
come back often.
COMPLETE DINNER 25c
want to
ARMORY RESTAURANT
301 University Street
The Purdue Coffee Shop Now Rebuilt and Newly Equipped
Drop in and Enjoy Our Up-to-Date Service
The Purdue Coffee Shop
119 Vine Street
No Captain —
(Continued from page 1)
Disappointed but not disheartened—we hope—are the “eminent sports authorities” of the Chicago TRIBUNE by their prognostication of Purdue’s scrappy eleven, who fought reverently for second place honors in the conference—and got them. Better luck next time, boys!
We see by the papers that “Galloping Lou” Brock and “Bogey” Joe Mihal have received positions on the all Big Ten grid squad. Congrats and orchids to you, boys. . . Along with Lou and Joe were “Little Jack Little” Brown, one of the “three Bees,” who only received honorable mention, with Bill Vergane.
Minor Awards
B Team
Frosh Varsity
More
Ray S. Gronowski, Whiting; Godfrey Haluska, Valparaiso; Lewis E. Hammond, Gary; Arnold C. Harmsen, Appleton, Wis.;j Earl H. Henry, Mt. Sterling, Ky.; Joseph W. Hillenbrand, Evansville; James C. Hobbs, Painesville, Ohio; Charles Homa, Endicott, N. Y.; Richard D. Kentner, Buffalo, N. Y.; Robert W.
Western Conference Coaches Award Jack Brown, Bill Vergane Honorable Mention
Diehl, Baldwin, N. Y,; John Dilts, Winamac; Ted Hennis, Chicago, 111.; Paul Humphrey, Terre Haute; Tony Ippolito, Chicago, 111.; LaVerne Johnson, Millington, 111.; Tony Juska, Chicago, 111.; Jack Krause, Hammond; Felix Mackiewicz, Chicago, 111.; James Maloney, Oak Park, 111.; Charles Mann, Lafayette; Joe Mihal, Gary; Fred Montague, Noblesville; August Morningstar, Massilon, Ohio; Jim Nesbitt, Jenners, Pa.; Dick Potter, Sioux Falls, S. D.; Nate Poulos, Dayton, Ohio; David Rankin, Warsaw; Albert Rossi, Pekin, 111.; Allen Shackleton, Joliet, 111.; George Spehn, Chicago, 111.; Stanley Thursby, North Tonawanda, N. Y.; Herman Timperman, New Albany; Willard VanSant, Pitman, N. J.; Bill Vergane, Michigan City; Carl Verplank, Lafayette; Jack Winchell, Southport.
Choose Two Sophomores, Three Juniors For 'Youthful' Team; Francis Twedell Only Repeater Selecting the most “youthful” Western Conference honor team in years for the current football season, Big Ten coaches chose Purdue Halfback Lou Brock and Tackle Joe Mihal for the 1938 pigskin squad yesterday, with Halfback Jack Brown and Tackle Bill Vergane receiving honorable mention.
Bill Vergane...
, Honor Squad
MINORS: M. Aronson, South Bend; Henry Bremer, Saginaw, Mich.; George Gale, Mishawaka; Ralph Lehr, Noblesville; William Neff, Madison, Wis.; John Petty, Lebanon, Pa.; Dick Stephenson, Plymouth; Ted Tykocki, Lansing, Mich.; Robert Vyverberg, Lafayette; Frank Winchell, Southport; Don Frush, Gary, senior manager; Earl Martin, Anderson, junior manager; Dyer Butterfield, Lookout Mt., Tenn., junior manager.
“B” TEAM AWARDS: E. C. Cook,' Mishawaka; K. B. Correll, Robinson, 111.; G. H. Doherty, Point Pleasant, N. Y.; W, L. Fegely, Terre Haute; H. W. Heinrich, Hebron; J. L. Jerrell, Noblesville; W. B. Kinyon, Elmhurst, 111.; P. C. Liebrecht, Yonkers, N. Y.; W. H. Lindsay, Louisville, Ky.; L. J. Luzar, Indianapolis; E. M. Mcllwain, Campbell, N. Y.; M. Mackey, West Lafayette; R. H. Miller, Port Wayne; L. E. Proudfit, Osceola; A. F. Raebel, West Lafayette; W. C. Stevens, East Cleveland, Ohio; A. N. Thom, Noblesville; 1. J. Turon, East Chicago; J. L. Welsch, Hempstead, N. Y.; D. L. Yeager, Riverside, Calif.
Prasse, Iowa Mihal, Purdue Twedell, Minnesota . Murray, Wisconsin ... Heikkinen, Michigan Haak, Indiana . _.. Diehl, Northwestern Evashevski, Mich. Brock, Purdue
Harmon, Michigan Halfback Weiss, Wisconsin Fallback
End Tackle Guard Center Guard Tackle . . _. ... !]&id Quarterback . Halfback
. . . senior Boilermaker tackle, who was conceded honorable mention by Western Conference coaches in a recent poll.
Kersey, Indianapolis; C. G. Kjellberg, Chicago, III.; Adam J, Kurza, Chicago, 111.; Robert Lant, Chandler; Alex Luego, Chicago, 111.; Aaron Linn, Chicago, 111.; Robert E. Livinghouse, Plymouth; Stanley Matthews, Freeport, N. Y.; William B. McAdams, Bluffton.
FRESHMAN VARSITY NUMERALS: John T. Beal, Vincennes; D. Neil Beaty, Griffith; Joseph A. Benna, Terre Haute; Damon Bowlby, Wabash; John R. Brown, Rushville; Robert A. Burke, Lafayette; Donald R. Cahall, Jasonville; William B. Combs, Lowell; Leon J. Cook, Arlington; Robert J. Detamore, Portland; Edmonds G. Dimond, Terre Haute; Earl A. Dose, Lafayette; Howard M. Elshire, LaPorte; Harry Fickle, Frankfort; Charles H. Franck, Indianapolis; JohnE, Galvin, Chicago, 111.; Arthur R. Gilpin, South Bend; Raymond Graham, Sullivan,
And More Carter H. Meintsrre, Elkhart; Thomas Melton, Lowell; George W. Mohr, Kokomo; Jack R. Mullen, Alexandria; Donald M. Ogilvie, Sandwich, III.; Paul L. Oliphant, Bloomfield; Irel V. Pence, Peru; Robert H. Pirnat, Evansville; B. Marshall Read, Indianapolis; Myle N. Record, Bloomfield; Max K. Rettig, Darien, Conn.; Italo A. Rossi, Pekin, 111.; Frank P. Ruggieri, South Bend; James R. Rush, Lafayette; Alex A. Rybicki, East Chicago; Arthur E. Santow, Michigan City; Harold A. Schumacher, Chicago, 111.
A pair of sophomores and three juniors were awarded places on the mythical eleven, as mentors rounded out their all-star aggregation with veterans who were standouts over three years of varsity competition. The team as a group possessed the speed, weight, ranginess, a rugged defense, and high scoring potentialities. Brock Polls Seven Brock, junior Boilermaker speedster, polled seven first team ballots, to easily clinch a halfback post, with Tom Harmon of Michigan at his heels. Mihal was conceded six votes to Indiana’s guard Bob Haak’s four. Michigan’s strong team gained three places to lead all schools in representation on the team, the coaches elevating Harmon and quarterback Forest Evashevski. Wisconsin placed two men on the outfit with Northwestern, Indiana, Minnesota and Iowa each placing one player. The only repeater on the squad was Minnesota’s guard Francis Twedell, who last year won the only junior position on the team. Howard Weiss, Wisconsin linesmashing ace, was selected as the first team fullback, running away with the poll. He received eight first team votes, high total of the selection.
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL PRACTICE GAMES
And Still More Robert M. Shanhouse, Rockford, 111.; Tom G. Shields, Whiting; Donald B. Smith, Mishawaka; Forrest H. Sprowl, Oblong, 111.; Wilbur V. Stephan, Lafayette; Robert W. Stockton, Huntington Park, Calif.; Frank J. Suto, Perth Amboy, N. J.; Claude E. Thompson, Frankfort; Robert S. Todd, Elmhurst, 111.; John A. Utterback, Crawfordsville; Robert J. Weitzel, Pittsburgh, Pa.; Charles P. Wheeler, Coldwater, Mich.; Sterling A. Wiggins, Falmouth; N. C. York, Indianapolis.
Today Court 1: Officials, C. W. Mann, G. Gale. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 7:15—Delta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:26—Delta Tan Delta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8:40—^Acacia vs. Phi Kappa. Courte 2: Officials, R. W. Berry, F. D. Fishel. 7 :00—^Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7:16—Alpha Kamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:25—^Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Tan. 8:40—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Pi Phi. Court 3: Officials, M. Aronson, R. W. Burrough. ^ :00—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Blappa Alphai 8:26—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8:40—^Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 9—(A. T. O. vB. Phi Kappa Tau). McGrath 10— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. (S. A. M.). I.amoareaux 11— Delta Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. Luce 12— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. Berry 8—S. A. E, vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Fishel
Our way of expressing thanks for your patronage during the past year is to offer you better values — the complete list of Thanksgiving foods at very economical pricey «o you can load up on good things to eat with a minimum of extra expense and absolute tjuss everythmg you buy is a real value.if-
• 4 ^tocat CMa. THE PDBDUE EXPONl^ %oiiaiA, Tuesday, November 22, 1938
Fantasy Tickets(Continued from page 1) hailed as a welcome addition to the ranks of campus co-ed vocal soloists. Her feature number will be “My Reverie.” Funny Men? Clark Langworthy will be in full chai'ge of the gag men as master of ceremonies. Bill Dunshee, Stubby Meier, Bennie Burns, and Irv Fosse will supply the laughs, basing their patter on a final two score gags from the sifting of hundreds of contributions. “Jitterbugs” will be the caption on a specialty dance number portraying hypothetical evolution of swing craze from the Indian war dance. Charles Luce will present the 1492 version of a killer-diller, followed by Jim Storms and Mary Ruther in a modern swing number. Blues, Buzz, and Burns A blues solo by Virginia Hoadley, “Who’s That Knocking at My Heart,” “Flight of the Bumblebee” on the xylophone by Erv Underwood, and the vocal solo “Ah Wed Three Hundred Pounds” by Bennie Burns will also be presented. Irvan Maury’s band will supply the musical background, featuring their ever popular version of “Killer Diller,” “Twilight in Turkey,” and “Small Fry.” Passes to this Thanksgiving Day presentation may be obtained upon presentation of student passports. The afternoon peiTormance will begin promptly at 2:30 o’clock, and the evening show at 7:15. Seats unoccupied at the start of either performance will be put at the disposal of the public.
Playshop Invites New Members To Party An informal party for new and prospective members of Playshop will be held at Dietrich’s cottage at 8 p. m., Wednesday. Entertainment will be provided by Benny Burns, Sal Palma, and others, followed by dancing and refreshments. The purpose of the party is acquainting workers and cast. “Room Service” cast, workers, and anyone interested in joining are cordially invited.
Ciass£££ed Ads
FOR SALE
LOST—Yellow gold bracelet with Phi Kappa Crest. Call 76723. 11 University.
LOST—Gold rimmed glasses in dark brown case. Finder plase call Hannas 8421. Reward.
Noi£ces
PENALTY DATES: During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are November 23, 25, December 21 and January 5. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas recess. —FISHER.
Today 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security Talk. 11:35—The Home Makers—Dean Mary L. Matthews, Edith Gamble. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Jim Hoffman—pianist. 12 :30—Ldneheon Dance Time. 12 :46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—^Scientific News Review. 1:46—Market Reports. 2 :16—Patricia Keiser—pianist. 2 :30—You and Your Child. 2 :46—Treasure Chest. 3 :00-—American Legion Auxiliary Program. 3:15—Corrinne Ragains—soprano. 3 :30—The Magic Carpet. 3 :45—Joe Rittenhouse. 4 :00—Heralds of Destiny. 4:15—Stinson Brothers—guitars. 4:30—Town Forum—Prof. Chas. Murphy. 4 :45—Story Book Hour.
Squash Practice Schedule: All men must wear white -or crepe sole shoes. Rackets checked out—2 to a team per hour. Tuesday 7 p. m. No. 1 Alpha Gam Rho, No. 2 Beta Theta Pi, No. 3 Delta Chi. Tuesday, 8 p. m. No. 1 Delta Upsilon, No. 2 Kappa Sigma, No. 3 Phi Kappa Sigma. Tuesday, 9 p. m. No. 1 Phi Kappa Tau, No. 2 Phi Pi Phi, No. 3 Sigma Alpha Mu.
Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledging: 4:30 p. m. Tuesday, November 22, room 320, Chemistry Building. Free east 6 p. m. in room 416. —SEIGLE.
Playshop Party: Meet at Fowler Hall, 7 ;30 Wednesday, November 23, for playshop party. Thirty-five cents admission. Refreshments, dancing, and entertainment. All prospective members and present members cordially invited. ' —HETTEMA. Radio Club: No meeting Tuesday, November 22, because of convocation. —BROWN.
Glider Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 22, in the Union Building. Attendance com-
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Shoe Repair
''DEAC'
BOSSUNG
Everything for a College Education
Shoe Repair Shop in the
H. G. REISNER i- ■ ' . .
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Professional
• Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clinic
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION i DENTIST 1 191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH
sparrendahl — tailor
jeweler and Optometrist
For Latest Student Styles
504 Main St.
4th and Ferry Phone 6030
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Florists
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
pulsory. Election of new officers and discussion of reorganization. —BUELL.
University Orchestra: No rehearsal this week. (11-26) —PHILLIPS.
Purdue Engineer: The following men re--port to Felix in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 22: Johnson, Martinek, Lawler, Nevvman, Ruth, Stephens, Winslow, Woithingd;on, Gale, and Horth. —HARRIS.
WSGA House Presidents Council: Meeting Tuesday, November 22, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. T here will be a discussion of yellow slips. -^AKES.
22, to hike to the WAA Sports Spread. —PISHLEIGH.
Sophomore Activities Isureau Workers: General meeting for all workers at 4:30 p. m. in Room F of Union, Tuesday, November 22. —JACOBSON. Roger Williams Club: Annual Thanksgiving outing Thursday, November 24, at Big Rock on Tippecanoe. Meet at West Lafayette Baptist church at 2 :S0 p. m. Transportation will be furnished. —NELSON.
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Important meeting today, November 22, at 6 p. m. in room 308 in University Hall. —DEMORET.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting to be held in room F of the Union Tuesday, November 22, at 7 p. m. because of convocation. —MeINTOSH.
Fifth Novice Pistol Group: Will fire Monday afternoon, November 211 It fa expected to complete the fore of this gron)^ Wed- . nesday, November 23. —HAYiPORD.
Physical Education for Women: All women taking P. E. W. 51, 58 or 55 must have a posture picture taken by this afternoon at 4 p. m. Posture conferences being Friday, November 25. —HAZELTON.
Camera Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 22, 7:30 p. m. in tower room of the Union. Prof. Schantz-Hansen will speak on composition. —HEDDEN.
Purdue Archers: Meeting Wednesday, November 23, 7 :30 p. m., in room 106 of the Fieldhouse. Shooting afterwards. —KlNZER.
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges: Pittman, Pultz, Sherwood, Baylor, Cohee, Goodin, Kammerling, Mounee, and Steinbach, meet in faculty lounge of the Union Tuesday, November 22, promptly at 6:30 p. m. Very important. —DEMORET, WICKARD. WAA Hiking: All those wishing to get points for hiking meet in front of Memorial gym at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday, November
Activities Bureau: All those who received letters from the Activity Bureau concerning the moving picture that is being produced, please send me, at the activities bureau, a dated list of your group or special functions, including the date, time of day, and the place in which it is to be filmed. —BAKER.
Delta Rho Kappa: Informal initiation Tuesday, November 22, at 7:80 in the faculty lounge of the Union building. Bring fees and signatures. —HANNAS.
Women’s Aquacade Relay Team: Preliminary heats to be held, Tuesday, November 22, women’s pool at 7:30 p, m. All participants must be present. —JORGESON.
Wesley Foundation: Co-operative Thanksgiving dinner for all who wish to join with us. Call Irene Sutherlin, chairman. (U-24) —McFADDEN.
Debris Salesmen: Important meeting in Debris office, Tuesday, November 22, at 4 p. m. —EDWARDS.
FOR SALE—Battery for Model A Ford. Fully guaranteed 22 mos., including free recharging. L. Teel. 3997.
MISCELLANEOUS TTmeWRITEBS—All makes, standard and poirtable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.71. Supplies. C. F. Bbenhoff, 606 Main street. WANTED—Your laundry. New low prices. Call 36614. New methods.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—A brdwn pocketbook. 1 Call Donald Botkin. 6991.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 22, at 4:80 p. m. in room E of the Union. —BAILEY.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
ATURALLY you'd expect finer Dry Cleaning from Crown!
From a firm who had been in the dry cleaning field as long as CROWN, you would expect fo receive the utmost in scientific service. NATURALLY you would expect fine service—NATURALLY we would not disappoint you. ©fiooEi imzmx r I N E CL E A^N E R S OF FIN E C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
NO QIIURTER FOR QUARFERiMKS • Anybody can be a Monday-morning quarterback, but what does it take to be a real one? Does he think for himself, or does the coach run the game from the bench? Notre Dame’s brainy young coach tells you why the signalcaller is head man, shows why right plays go wrong and wrong,plays score touchdowns, and reveals what he believes to be the most important point in football strategy today. . dy ELMER F. LAYOEN with D. C, Grant
youAmon Carier-- AMERICANS NoJ HOME-TOWN WHOOPER-UPPERI '‘That man,” said Vice President Garner, “wants the U. S. Government ruh for the exclusive benefit of Fort Worth and, if possible, to the detriment of Dallas.” Here’s the story of a fabulous feudist, and the liveliest war Texas has seen since 1847. Colonel Carter of Cartersville by ALVA JOHNSTON
SCHEME TO MAHE^OOO and what u wiictr aid he get? A <t7c « raise! fJrv. t ^ ?75-a-year 'fi®'-*'- of Join Ames h WALTER D. EDMONDS I-'- ^ '''
AND TUGBOAT ANNIE CAUGHT TUGLESS! Just when she landed a juicy salvaging contract, Annie’s old enemy Bullwinkle slapped an injunction on the tug. Watch what happens ‘ when Annie tries to dynamite her way out of that one! Norman Reilly Raine tells, in Tugboat Annie Blows the Man Down. “IT'S EASY TO KILL . . . if no one suspects you.” There’s the secret behind quiet Wychwood’s “accidental” deaths. Read what happened last week, then start Easy to Kill, the new mystery novel by Agatha Christie. Second of seven instalments HOLLYWOOD'S “FIRST FAMILY" STYMIES ITSELF. The famous Lavondar family were too busy—unfortunately—to notice little Minerva, who blew in from Omaha for a visit. A short story, It’s Always Tomorrow, by Charles Hoffman. PLUS A Skirmish tor the Major, a short story by Glenn Allan; editorials. Post Scripts, fun and cartoons. All in this week’s Post.
V