t i
|(il5HMEN, VARSITY;^ H',' Gimlets, Reamers .1 ; ‘ ^ s/'.,’ ’.Meet Tonight
MUSICAL moms Will Present Annual Christmas Convo
Established 1889
fglitfli 55, Nd. 59 mm
Purdue Uniyeris^,^LdfEyefie, Indiana
Tuesday, December 8, 19<2
Elliott Says In University, Study^
r, ' I*, ; ,
To Present 'Moon Is Down
fiirst Performance To Start Tonight At? :30 In Fowler Hall
All Applicants For Service Reserve Corps Must Complete Enlistments By December 15
f*lkyshop will present the^first performance of “The Moon Is Biowh" by John Steinbeck tonight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Many tickets are still available for tonight and tomorrow night
atTBc each,
The t)lay is a serious drama which takes place in an occupied towii of the invaders, relating the attitude of the invaded towns -people toward their conquer- •—
Ors, Although the location is not definitely stated, it is supposed that it takes place in (j-erman occupied Norway. The leading male role is taken by George Syke^, playing Colonel Lancer, commanding officer of the invaders, who tries to cope with the passive resistance put up by the townspeople in the approved
totalitarian way.
Mayor Orden, mayor of the
Agriculturist Board Elects C Duesler Editor-In-Chief
Tiny Hill To Appear
At PIA Winter Dance
In Onion Ballrooms 'Big Band Leader' Will Play Dec. 18
j/lA
VI, V5, V7 Candidates May Complete Enlistment Through Recruiting Stations University students who are wondering what their status may be under" the'new manpower set-up announced Saturday by President Roosevelt should continue their studies whether or not they are in any of the enlisted reserves. President Elliott, in a telephone message to Professor Frank C. Hockema, said, “Tell the students to stay in the Uni- - - versity and to continue their
studies until called.” Elliott is chief of the professional and technical training division of the War Manpower Commission, and as such, is in charge of the training in the colleges and
universities.
VI, V5, V7 Enlistments College students having submitted bona fide applications to the armed service representative on or
Annual
Winter Formal
members and their dates will be ad-
Tiny Hill
vaded town, who leads the sabotage, Dance will be held in the Union is played by Dick Kohls. His friend Friday, December 18, and v/ill feaand colleague, Dr. Winter, is acted tuie the band of Tiny Hill. All PIA
by George Zissis.. The pait of Lt. Prackle, originally to be played by Sill Lester, will be taken by John Spaulding. Other characters in the pl^y are Major Hunter, taken by John Clark, Capt. Loft, by Bill Sitnpson and Lt. Tender by Art
fedrab.
Ot|ier Roles Harold War ren will take the part of George Correll, fifth columnist who facilitates the invasion of the town and in so doing incurs the dislike of bpth sides. Of the feminine parts, that of the Mayor’s wife is plained by Carolyn Wood; Molly Morden, one of the village girls who attracts the attentions of the invaders’ officers, is taken by Becky Ann Pervine. The Mayor’s servants, Annie and Joseph, will be characterized by Elaine Kail and Jack
Scarff.
The play will be shown on four days, Tuesday through Fiuday, at YffiO p. m. Friday’s performance, hiowevep, will begin at 8 o’clock. *]|j|6kets for all performances are still kvdilable; however-, the number sold for Tuesday and Wednesday night is
Charles Deusler
Coeds To Tgke Tests Tomorrow At Convocation
Hockema To Address Women in Music Hall
. . . known to his audiences as “America's Biggest Band
■Leader."
mitted free and non-member couples voi sity.
sfnall. Persons holding season tickets will use their stub for “Watch on the Rhine” at this play, since the
schedule has been shif ted.
Corps Day Graduation Boviews Will Honor
Me Seniors
A special Corps Day program will
hofior graduating senior cadet offi- over the country by virtue of his
Aptitude tests in the physical sci ences will be given to the women students of this University at a special convocation to b^c held from 3 to 6 p. m. in the Music Hall tomorrow. Attendance will be compulsory and coeds will be excused from
classes to attend.
Mr. Hockema will speak to the coeds and present some authori-
Hardin, Brown, Hagerty, Ward To Hold Positions
Charles Duesler, junior in the School of Agriculture, has been elected editor-in-chief of the Purdue Agriculturist for the coming semester, according to an announcement received last night from the electoral board. Duesler, who comes from Albion, has been active in 4-II club work and is a member of the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity and Alpha Zeta. He is also a member of the University track team and has been outstanding in cross country competition.
Hardin, Business Manager
Russell Hardin of Knightstown will take over the duties of the business manager. Hardin, who is a member of the senior board of the Student Senate, is also a 'member of the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity and Alpha Zeta. Elwin Brown, Montpelier, was elected advertising manager; Elmer Hagerty, Brookston, will head the advertising staif, and Richard Ward, Crawfordsville, will serve as subscription manager. Others elected include assistant editors: Lairy Boger, Hollace Sherwood and Wallace Cook; business assistants: Larry Wright, James
Hprper, Tom Templeton and Dave formation on the subject, James D.
Strickland, State OPA Director, has , , r., t , explained the value of gasoline The President’s office must have Those who have filed rp ■! mileage rationing coupons as well ^he tabulated data, as well as the for_ the Army Reseive t o as the periods during which they railroad officials, by tomorrow aft- assigned or for the Army
ernooij. It will take Senate workers but have not yet been
Russell Hardin
Strickland
Explains Gas
Rationing
As a result of widespread misin-
Buins; and ciiculation assistants: William Gcrnancl and Alpha More-
Senate
To Finish
Survey
Reports Indicate Fair Cooperation Today being the last day trans-
portation questionnaires can be turned in, the Student Senate and the Exponent are urging every student physically able to cooperate in
the campus-wide drive. So far, only mediocre cooperation has been received, and yesterday some fraterni-
ties turned in questionnaires from their houses showing less than 50 before December 6 for volu; tai per cent representation. enlistment in VI, V5, or 'U. . - Most of the houses received spe- complete their enlistment thiO-" cial survey slips yesterday morning a Navy recruiting station, the offi. regarding the proposed “Purdue of Naval officer piocurem'‘r,t. . . Specials”. The times of these are cadet selection board on oi 'h 'o indicated in this edition and anyone December 15. Civilian student^ " ■ not having indicated their desire to enrolled in basic army R<^11 i
travel by these mens should do so eligible. Students undei o
by means of the included question- years of age may enlist in V! ’ ' t
naire or go to the Student Senate of- out restrictions.
Army Enlisted Re-erve Cor!:-
Catididaf'es For Navy, Marine Corps Reserves All candidates for Navy or Marine Enlisted Reserves who are assembling papers neces-aiy for Navy class VI, V5, V7 or Marine Corps Reserves are requested to meet in the Conference Room of the Executive EuiL'inc
this afternoon at 4. —W. A. KN U’P
Departmental Editors
Several of the depaitmental editors were selected but the remainder will be announced at a later
may be used.
The Basic “A” book contains four pages with eight coupons on each page, or a total of 32 coupons. Each
this orie-day leeway to draw up all and those who have fi'id
date. Those chosen were: Home coupon has a value of four gallons, economics, Mary Ann Diesslin; ani- making a total of 128 gallons in all. mal husbandly, Ted Blank, daily rpj.|g first page of the book con-
counteiact some of the rumors flying around campus concerning the future of the coeds at the Uni-
will be charged the usual fee of
$1.10 for admittance.
Tiny Hill, as he is known to his audiences, has been acclaimed “America’s Biggest Band Leader,” because of his groat size (he weighs 365 pounds and is six feet tall); he truly lives up to his reputation. Hill is known to dance fans all
cfers today when cadets of the Second Brigade will pass in review befoi'e them. The First Brigade will Simiilatly honor their seniors at the
GoiTS Day on Thursday.
Senior officers of the Second Bri-
many, recordings. He sings in his
gdde will form in Room 202 of the elude “Two Ton Tessie,” “Don’t Lcl
own iiecuhar style and featuie.s eoiiiscs offered by the University, songs with a twangy ihythm. His to piopare themselves for .future recording ol “Angry” sold over jobs in government and industry. 500,000 copies and is still selling. U should be stressed that al-
Othors of his best-known songs in-
tative statements in an effort to ^'^usbandry, Robert Hattersley, and tains coupons rrrarked No. 3. These
forestry, Howard Weaver. j^.Qod until January 21. ExpiraThe Agriculturist is a monthly dates of the coupons on the magazine published by agricultui'al Qther three pages are as follows: students for circulation throughout 4^ March 21; No. 5, May 21, and
the state. At the present time the q j^iy 21
Eight Coupoirs
Strickland pointed out that all eight coupons on a single page can be used at oirce or can be spread out during the period for which they are designated. He also emphasized that the coupons after having been indorsed on the back with car license number and state of registration, must be removed from the book and given to the station op-
eiator.
of the tabulations. All questionnaires not already turned in should be left at the Student Senate office some time today. Special Questionnaire Those planning to take the following “specials” indicate below:
tions for the Army Reseivc v .u-
with Navy, Marine or Coa-
options and have started to assemble the necessary p-peis m order to complete their enlistmeui - directly into the Navy and Ma.i > Corps Reserves, are advised to (ai,!plete their papers at the earliest
Science, Math Abilities
This testing program will inform women students regarding their potenial abilities in fields requiring physical science and mathematics. Individual tests aie being given only because the knowledge of the aptitudes of women students in general IS important. Those who make high grades, however, will be encouraged to takc^advantage of the
organization is set up on a semester basis and the newly elected officers will serve for one term but may be
re-elected.
Fraternity Presidents' Council Selects New
FAQ Secretaries
Northbound, Chicago, via Big possible moment. These students Four, Tuesday, Dec. 22, at 5 p. m. should consult the local Army ai d
Navy faculty representatives at
East and southbound, Cleveland once and watch the Exponent foand East, via Big Four, Tuesday, notices giving instructions. The 1?-^ Dec. 22, at 4:15 p. m. . physical examinations will be he' I Those who will take specials but tomorrow night from 7 to 8 in p have already signed for the listed Student Health Service.
trains, indicate; Southbound, 4:30 p. m. Northbound, 2:40 p. m. . Northbound, 5:42 p. m.
The order prohibiting er.li-tm applies to all reserve compere including Air Coips Reserve r
Aviation Cadets.
Mileage rationing on Basic “A”
Officers of the Fraternity Affaiis started with Coupon No.
though there is a great demand in Office were announced yesterday by order that the expiiatidn date the field of science, there is an acute the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. ^4 book July 21, 1943 would
Afptory prior to their last and Julia Fool Ya” and “Knee Deep In (lemand for .special jobs in the field Bill Morgan, a member of Beta The- cQi,^citie with the expiration'date of
coujions in the Eastern states. Strickland urged automobile owners to watch the newspapers for
“Graduation Review . Followinglihe Daisie.s.” - of home iconoinic.s at this time. The ta Pi, was chosen as senior'secief^i'matidh of the brigade by junior Tiny attended the Sullivan Town- teaching field especially is of great lary in geneial charge of the office, and dbVenth semester senior officers, ship, Illinois, High School where he importance. Nutrition specialists Junior secretaries in charge of Colondl Beere, professor of Military graduated in 1924. He then attended are needed to supeivi.se adult edu- rush, publicity, special events, and
Science and Tactias, will march to the Illinois State Normal Univer- cation ami to take charge of diet scholarship are John L. Cartmell, tH^i'dvietving ^tand accompanied by gjty but because of his father’s kitchens and lunchrooms for work- Beta Theta Pi; Sprague L. Chapin, hj$pliai.“ty and will be presented to early death, he was then forced to mg m war industiics. At Kingsbury, Pi Kappa Phi; Charles L. Seeley,
(See TINY HILL, page 4) Schreiber To Lecture On Atom Smashers “Piinciplos and Uses of the
Cyclotron” will be the subject of a
ttt,b.,epft>s by the junior brigade com-
maKder,
BaitdT^lays “Hail Purdue”
Graduating officers will then mai’Ch to a position in fropt of the reviewing stand, salute the Colonel, and face about to take the review? The junior brigade commander will gjve the Corps present arms while the band'plays “Hail Purdue”. Ca-
dets are cautioned not to sing at lecture-demonstration to be given tbiatiipe. by Dr. K. E. Schreiber of the UniJunior officers acting as brigade versity physics department before commandeus will be Dale Butz to- an open meeting of the University day and Louis Phillips on Thursday. Radio Club tomorrow night at 7:30 The reyiew will be open to the pub- in room 216 of the Physics Building, lie and will be held in the Armory. The atom smasher lecture will be 172 seniors will be honored in the .supplemented by slido.s along with two “Graduation Reviews”. Retir- a demonstration of the use of ing senior colonels arc Richard Ball Gveiger Counter,s with radio-active and Alfred Jackson. materials.
The lecture will be of a ])opular
alone, 10 women already aio tak- Delta Chi, and Fred W. Shefte, Al-
ing care of the children of families pha Chi Rho.
in war industry development. Coeds The FAO is an auxiliary to the can sec by the.so results that they Fiaternity Presidents’ Council, and should continue the courses they seives as a general clearing house liave already begun.‘If the results for interfrateinity business. Perin the tests aie good, they may v/ish hups the best known work of the ofio take advantage of the Univeisity fice is the publication of the annual
Business Staff There will be a meeting of the entire Exponent Business Staff tonight at 7:30. —KLOUMAN
couises offered in indus+vinl and (See COED TESTS, page 4) Debris Will Take Late Annual Orders There is still a phanco to oulor a Debris, according to the Debris business office. The ’43 book will be introduced in a short time so all students desiring to purchase the annual should sign the preference
nature with mathematical computa- list in the Debris office on the second tions kept to a minimum in order floor of the Union immediately, that the material will be within the All fraternities and sororities are scope of all students. All students urged to turn in their lists of purand faculty members are invited to chasers at once lo apply fur eourattend. tesy copies.
any possible changes in the ration-
ing schedule,
ASCE To Honor Life Members Hairy O. Gannan, Indianapolis consulting engineering, and Prof. A. P. Poorman, head of the University department of applied mechan-
They also supply lists of freshmen awarded life raembm--
ru.sh booklet which is sent to incom ing freshmen before each semester.
Doan Announces War-Time Phaririacls! Mailing Of Season J0|)5 Qpgg Jp Seniors Basketball Tickets Applications for junior pharmacist positions at 82,000 a year, Reserved seat tickets for the as announced by the United States Boilermakei’s home basketball Civil Service Commission, will be schedule of big ten games are al- accepted until December 15. These ready in the mails, according to an positions which exist throughout announcement by C.''S. Doan, man- the United States will be known as ager of ticket sales. Orders for sea- war service appointments, son tickets, at $8.00 each, are still Eligible applicants must have being accepted, but Doan urged all completed a full four-year coiuse in prospective pin chasers to get in pharmacy or must be senior stutheir orders eaily so that their dents who will leceive their degree tickets will be ready in time for the by July 1, 1943openei with Wabash Thursday Duties night. Duties of the junior pharmacist Holders of staff and faculty ath- will be to act as pharmacist in letic coupon books must make the charge of the pharmaceutical work proper exchange of coupons at the in a hospital or dispensary, or to ticket office in the Fieldhouse dur- assist the pharmacist in charge of
to the various fraternity rush chairmen to facilitate and cooidi-
nate rush programs.
Exponent Staff There will be a pieeting of thp entire Exponent staff, including fie.shmen and sophomores, in room 304 of the Union at 4 p. m. this afternoon. It is very important that everyone |ae there as the various editors and managers will ■ explain the set-up of their staffs at that time. —HOSKINS
ship'-i into the American Society of Civil Engineers at a joint dinner meeting of the Indiana Section and the Univef'sity Student Chapter of the ASCE to be held heie tonight. E. B. Black of Kansas City, national president of the ASCE, will be the principal speaker at the banquet with Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the school of civil engineering and national director of the ASCE presiding at the banquet in which the two veteran members of the organization will be honored. Both Gannan and Poormaii have been affiliated with the ASCE for over
35 years.
this work; to compound doctors’ prescriptions or other medicines; lo manufacture U.S.P. and N.F. preparations; to maintain stocks ard supplies, alid to perform related Ten hardwood con- dutiea as required. Anyone who is inteiested in applying for one of these war-time positions may receive further information by calling the office of
ing the week beginning Dec. 14. Staff books will be honored for general admission to the non-con-ference schedule, but must be exchanged for reserved seats for the
SIX home Bi
tests.
Engineering,
Science Seniors There will be an impuctant meeting of all April Engineering and Science graduates at 4:00 p. m., today, in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building.
—VOGLER'
the School of Pharmacy or the Placement Service for Women. Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . announces the initiation of Robert Barnes, William Mason and Thomas Hass. /:
'V'v;
re 2
Purdue Expotient
Tuesday, December 8, 1942
Purdiie Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spsrts, FicldhousCi Phone 2792 editorial Phone After 10 p. m.; 5377
Kxcculivc
... i.WUliiim G. Hoskinn Gerhard H. Klouman ..Robert W.- Roswinkle D«*c E* But* JamcA A* Petty Jon^ph S. PawBon ...Sally Beall A. Jane Kelm
Publication Editorial Staff irs: M. .i. Caylor, J. T. RicharriFon. T. L. Tilton. t>. W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, G. C. Martinlyliis Mann, Martha Loo RIkPs, Carolyn Wilbhr, f . Sonanls. .7. Ark/ rman. D. Shryor, R. Smith. vii'iApn Manager: Fjlpi. Business Staff :.innr.cts: ,1. Flcxon, C. Gnmit. J. McCulloilgh, ^ xKrr: W. UrckUnwald. : Mary PJlI.s. ' .
riic Purdue independent Dave liarta Humphrey Elwin Wolbaiim . . . .:Rob(’Jta Kecrsslcr i::-".r Scott Brown r . . Ctoorgo Paine (r Harold Hendricks
Striff For This Issue
Mill-ton
Sports Editor: Shrycr Issue Editor: Hahn
il.-uii. SU'iihcnson, Lynch, JIclfFrich. Abbett,
i ri.'i.FH matttr at the post offico in Lnfayr (he net <if Congress cif March 3, 3879, rale of riostago provided ',for in section • r 3. 1917, anlhorir.cd January 20,. 1922. iv. Thursday. Fr.iday and Sunday mornings K]j-»'(rrd locally by carrier for $1.75 for a or ivyo semesters : by mail for $2.00 for a »r two semesters. national advertising by National Advertis(k)llege I’uhlishcrs Rcprcacfitativcs, 420 VorU. K.-Y. •
war A:^ tho ix).st-e!ection. noise and shouting die ix-o in the Exponent’s subterranean hangout, and we finish soi'ting the latest releases on the draft, reserves, rationing and other v'ar-time matters we, the seniors of the new stu.ft’. realize the tremendous job we face as \cmiojs of '■‘0' I'mation to a war-minded stuck lA bodv. 'Ifurncv.- stall, however, is ready to serve. We are clctkrmijied to give you our best in coverage. We are determined to provide you with e\ cry last bit of war-time information that cfinc.s our^way, hoping that we can, in some ■m dl meaku’e, help you to shape your des1 i'Ties in the be.st way for you and for the war. d'here are many plans concocted by any numbej- of ambitious souls presumably de- : i.erned to aid the nation in the war. And there are many statements, made by any number e.f i.'rominent people, concerning the students’ nart in the war. We shall consider it our duty to you to weigh these plans and statements cai-efuily before asking your support or apViroval. Sludents are now facing what is doubtless thy; most uncertain period in their lives, and is t lie Exponent. None of us knows how ho will stay in school, or whether Ave Avill 00 in iiiiiform at school, or \vhether we of the fo-!!d,h estate will be at Work much longer. i/ul hfitever fate the next few months has in ^ ioi o fei- us, Ave shall carry on until our last aciAei'tisei' is gone, the last typewriter goes doM'i, and until Purdue becomes an armed —w.mh. .
Conclusions
i. :, ; week the Committee on the Education offviji: ;!i announced a convocation for the 0 yir.,:-0 of te.sting the ability of the coeds in rcaih m;itic.s and the physical sciences. In eo :1 o o.i 'ly le.ss than 24 hours the coeds had d :.id( d fur themselves that their grades on kic ici-i vrould be used to determine whether (' nui, they Avould be allowed to come back to M'huul iiexf .semester. I-' Ci) an interpretation of the committee’s ■•'-ij' off from the ends the committee 1 ■ a;. , Ui aciiieve by giving the test. In the first ]a:;cu, j:utuntjal ability, not achievement, will L: tusted. The coed taking Chem 11 for the ; ( and ! inie will be on as nearly an equal basis d' ad !!; ; senior majoring in chemistry and ' . !e, as j.s .scientifically possible. And the gi'ade the coed makes on her test vvhl ]ia\ae absolutely nothing to do with “ab J's'A ing” her to enroll next .semester. No one i i ilci-esied in the grades of individuals. The j a i poso ol the test is to find the percentage of .tuliyge women wlio could be depended upon to r, jdace men in jobs requiring some technical ihihaining. If it ever becomes necessary to (uyifi women, rests similar to this one may be io s-i women who AA'ould profit the f'” E’ai)iing; but at present the commit.d ''. Is ini crested only in percentages. i he I'esuit.s of the test will be available in aijout a Aveek, and each coed .should be con- '( i /K.'d enough about her potential value to 1 i:i nation as,a-chemi.st, phy.sicist, etc., to find w. d le i-, standing on the test. If her .score is Jii.eh, she should consider the possibilities of working eoLir.ses in mathematics, chemistry and jjhysies into her .schedule. test will be of value to all coeds as a g.iuge ol their aptitudes for certain Avocations fiflept..iichedules and registration only so f ar as each coed determines for herself —S.r.b.
^ Tm, R#9 U S OH-. Merry-go-round fty DREW PEARSON F.D.R. Overrules Hull, Prince Otto To Recruit Austrian Legion; Liquot Consumption Increases WASHINGTON—Ever since the War Department’s announcement that Crown Prince Otto of Austria would head an Austrian Region rcci-uited in the U. S, A., officials have been bpek-passing as to who okayed this idea. Unquestionably it was a sour one. Ndw nobody wants to take responsibility. The Jugoslavs are up in arms over having the heir to the throne of the Hapsburgs promoted by the U. S. Government- The tzechs also are iii a dithei-. - And although Prince Otto is sincere, hard-^working and personally likeable, there arc not many Austrians or Hungarians in the United States Avho Avant to go into battle under the banner of the old Hapsburg Empire. Inside fact regarding the scheme is-that canny Cordell Hull was sour on it from the first. Mr. Hull docs not believe much in kings or-dmperors, also has a shrewd faculty for feeling the pulse of American public opinion. He turned thumbs down. Several of his State Department advisers also were opposed. But not Brain Truster Adolf Berlc, whose brain child the plan largely was. However; the man who really put, it across was FDR himself. He overruled Hull and decreed that Otto should have his chance to recruit an Austrian Legion. • Discussions At Vatican Since then, the Diplomatic Corps hUs been buzzing with reports i-egarding the recent conference between the Pope and Myron Tayloi-, U. S. Ambassador to the Vatican. This conference was followed by the emphatic statement by the Catholic Archbishops and Bishops of tl\c United States calling for unlimited support of the war. Issued by i02 members of the American hierarchy, it was one of the most sweeping endorsements of Roosevelt’s war policies so far given by the Catholic Church. Ambassador Taylor’s visit to the Vatican is generally linked with the Bishops’ Letter. The result of Taylor’s discussions has never been divulged. But in diplomatic circles it is reported that lie brought back to the President the Vatican’s concern for the protection of the ChurCh in Spain in case Spain should be a battle ground between the American and German armies; also the hope that the Catholic monarchs of Europe might not be barred if the people of Europe wanted to reinstate them after the Avar. Note: Prince Otto is scion of one of the foremost Catholic royal families. Don Jaime, crown prince of Spain, is now exiled in SAvitzerland. The Count of Paris, pretender to the throAvn of France, is in Algeria. The grand:^on of the Kaiser, formerly employed in the Ford Motor Company in Detroit, and reported to have many friends in the United States, is now in Germany. • Red Cross Pubilicity The letter will not be made public, but Civil Defense Director James Landis has just Avritten a polite but pointed note to American Red Cross Director Norman Davis regarding the hullabaloo Avhich the Red Cross staged in sending blood plasma to the Cocoanut Grove night club victims in Boston.,, (See MERRY GOvROUND. page 4) Brainpower Commission ... Last summer, from his manpoAver post in Washington, President Elliott told students to join the enlisted reserves, and remain in school until further notice. This advice Avas not found wanting. Yesterday, in the face of Roosevelt’s most recent edict, our president phoned from Washington with the same advice—stay in the University and continue studies until called. El-liott-—in the inner sanctum of the ManpoAver Commission, Avhich noAv has control of the whole situation—knoAVs Avhereof he speaks. The conversion, by the Manpower Commi.ssion, to a system of ovei'-all Selective Service was made to facilitate the placing of all available men in their most useful positions, considering both their ability a.s fighter.s and strategists, and their importance’in industry. It stands to reason, therefore, that the government will take into consideration the training a man has.i'eceived, and use him in a field familiar ^nd interesting tb'-him, Engineers Avill find a place in some one of the war ehdeaA'-of-s which, so badly needs cng;ineers, science students 'and others technicaliy trained will find work in a. technical field in parallel with their training. . T . . ; The whole sy.item has been dbyised to use the rnanpoAvers’ brainpower to the greatest extent possible. ManpoAver can be created only by natural processes through a prescribed period of time. We at Purdue Can do our part in the production of brainpower un,|il instructed otherwise.—w.g.h. SsAvice. StAipBA. Staff Sgt. Gustavus E. Bruington . . . Avho Avas graduated from the University in 1940, is noAv stationed at South Plains Army Flying School, “Home of the Winged Commandos’’, Upon completion of training at the flying school, Avhich is one of the largest glider pilot training centers in tiie Avorld, Bruington will receiAfe silver glider |)ilot’s Aving.s. 1st Lt. John C. Deal, Jr. . . . Ag. ’41, Avho has been serving Avith the Marines in the southwc.st Pacific, has been named a.s aide to General Watson. Lt. Deal Avas a member of the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity and took an active part in debating during his undergraduate days. He majored in entomology and wa.s a member of the Entomological Society.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
.00
lit
mmm
By Jack Abbett and jim'Richardson
The recent Navy announcement that the entire Pacific fleet' had been crippled at the Pearl Harbor attack was a blow thatu undoubtedly rocked the entire nation and sent the Japanese'„ • secretly probing into the reasons why they had not been fled about kurih losses. However, what the preseht cb'fl^^T quences will mean is of little concern when we stop to rekUliie ■
that our armed forces along with the press and others were able to keep every word of the disaster from, all parties concerned. If the Japanese had found out about their superb mai’k.smanship .they c^uld have brought the Avar to our very coast line and could have dcstfoyecl most of our navy and captured the Ha-
Avaiian Islands.
uhlcngq Tlniv.<i. Tb*
HayalOfiiceM Complete Teifm Week Course Fifty-one haVal bffieersihhve coiVi-: pleted a ton week's course ;in’ diesel engines at the University apdvhave received their- “sailing orders,” After short fui'lpughs, ihany-of the men will report for duty w,ith the fleet; some Avill go to other StatidhS for, further instruction in'speciliaed fields of diesel Avopk. Many of theSe men reporting for duty have bad considerable experience with sniaU
every other ncAvs man in both coun- boats on inland waters; othei'S are
The lid has finally been blOAvn off the censorship between the U. S. and Britain, and Britain and the U. S. The unsung hero of this battle is Alistair Cooke of BBC, and the London Times and Herald. Ho broke no laws in his bombastic report, but simply stated the facts as he and
“Hbttfitpy happy to report U. S. Army ravaged by diseasehear that Army is full of dread plague of jitter bug.”
University Calendar
tries sa\v them. Newsmen, he said, did not AA'ant to impede the winning of the war. All they Avished to do Avas to state the facts of both countries, both good and bad, and let the other countries see that even with mistakes and bad judgment in some cases the tAVO great democracies
due to receive their first naval ex-
perience. * , ' The graduates were awarded‘Cer-
tificate's ■"from both the Navy’ and the University at a dinner given Thursday evening in their honor by the Union under the direction of L. M. Vallely. Professor Frank
Tuesday, December 8
9:00 A.M" 1:30 P.M. 4i00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M.
1:.30 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M; 6:00 P.M, 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7,:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
Agr. Ext.eUsion Girl Scout Leaders. POMM Business Meeting ...... Zouaves Banquet ASCE Banquet ,... Alpha Phi Omega Meeting..;........ Play.shop Production Better Homes Dairy Club Meeting... Christian Science Organization. Silver Mask Meeting ASME Meeting :.... Graduate Dames Xmas Party
.....E. Faculty Lge., UnioJ Room 305, Union Armory Room 363, Union .....W. Faculty Lgc., Union .....Room 304, Union .....Eliza FoAvler Hall .....E. Recept. Room, Union .....Room 108, Smith Hall Room 303, Union Room 302, Union Room 108, ME Bldg. E. Faculty Lge., Union
Avere mighty proud of their form.s Hockema, acting president of the of government. Oflicial reaction to^University; Lt.-Gommander HerIhis has not been forthcoming, but bert M. Hart, commanding officer; Avhon it comes it is hoped that better and Prof. Halsey Oavcu, of the Ubiunderstanding will develop, versity .staff, spoke. Lieut; Charles
* * E. Tavcedle responded for the stq-
British action in Libya seems to ' Mastci's,.
be proceeding toward a favorable o«>cer pi^ided.
Unis group of ofneers came to
Wednesday, December 9
Girl Scout Leaders All Women Student Convo AIME Dinner Meeting.: Senior Chem. Banquet....... Xi Sigma Pi Dinner Marriage Course Varsity Christian Fellowship. AIEE Meeting y Playshop Production Purdue Radio Club Meeting...
-Room 212, Union • Hall of Music .W. Faculty Lgc., Union .Room 3.32, Union -Rooms 302, 304, Union ..Room-307, Union ..Room 254, EE Bldg. ..Eliza Fovyler Hall ..Room 216, Physics Bldg.
Convo To Feature Music Clubs
As the officiaT University obseiwance of-Christmas, the mu.sienl, organizations of the Universitywvill present the annual Christmas convocation, Dc'ceniber 19, at 8:00 p. in. iiT the Mu.sic Hall. Features of this Yuletide oiiscrvance include a fil'toen-minutc carol .sing led by the musical, organizations’ dircetpr,,,.Albert P. Stewart; a twenty-minute medley of Christmas -lAAUsic by thp.pixty-piece Univcr.sity; orchestra directed by Joseph M. Ragains;...and the rendition by the Univer.sity choir of a modern cantata “When the .Christ Child Came” ."by;;-Jojieph W. Clokey, famous Indiana comiioser. The carol sing and the orchc.stra medley Will include the more generally known and typical Christmas mu.sic Avhile the cantata Avill contain music ol' a s6meA4iliat different sort. This modern ver.sion of the Christmas story carries the mysticism of a fairy tale, yet i;elain.s the biblical
background behind the Christmas story. ,Soloists :in thi.s ca.iitata arc Bill Kennedy, baritone; Bill Morgan, tenor; Trent Knepper, baritone; Betty Wedge, alto; Virginia Ulrey, so)nano; and Barbara Hcidc, contralto.. Large Choir ,SingH The 260-voicc University choir, rolled in Avhite, Avill prc.scnt the cantata, “When the Christ Child Came,” in a semi-dramatized stage setting on the huge Music Hall stage Avitii Vir.ginia McCarty, junior Home Economics student, as narrator. Thi.s progi-am, which, will be presented under the ausjiices of the Committee on Convocations for , Worshi]) and will last exactly one hour and ten minutes. It ha.s been scheduled for tile night preceding commencement in order to enable parents, of graduating seniors to attend.
ERiOL
ALEXIS
niYNN • SMITH
A WJUWflt DUOS. Pidiini,
JACK CARSON
ALAN HALE
IxL i j l - \ * J B The Story of James J. Corbett
Directed by RAOUL WALSH
and Horace McCoy
MAilS
climax. This still seems to point to the fact that the RAF continues to keep control of the air over their OAvn lines and that of the Nazis. The British have been bringing up their heavy field pieces and their tanks and have begun to turn the flank of the already small Axis force, but it is foolhardy to suppose that the Axis will again drop its arms and run. They have no place to run to, and their only choice is to stay and fight'it to the very end, for Hitler cannot hope to send enough supplies and men to stave off what is almost sure to be a defeat. Winter Aveather in Russia has just started and another chapter in the military history of the world has begun, but the part that will never be written is the suffering and hardships that have been suffered by both the Russians and the Germans. Other Avars have alwiiys been fought during the Avarmer weather of summer and the armies went into a typo of hibernation during the bitter cold of winter. There Avere few battle,s in the World War that were fought during Avinter, and this Avas considered to be the Avorst Avar up to that time. The Russian soldiers truly must bo supermen for here they are making a gigantic attempt to drive out the barbarians of the world in Avuather that sometimes reaches 40 degrees below zero. If this is what makes Stalin’s nation, then the Avorld might Avell take heed. Oran W. Ross ... who was a graduate of the University in the School of Pharmacy has joined the business staff of the University. He is noAv supervi.sor of the transportation oflice of the University. There he is handling the gas rationing pro.gram laid out by the University Transportation
committee.
thb Univci’sity from ToAver Hal,!, ■ Northwestern University, wHere; they completed a ten week couEje V in naval indoctrination. They wSre ■ tidied here in the theory, o,pefa- - tion, and maintenance of diesel gines for duty with diesel■'p'oAVei;bd'‘' submarine chasers, coastal patrol boats, mine sweepers, and landing.’' craft.s, Theirs is the third cJas'B;'.(o complete this course at the Univei'- • sity; another group of fifty navill-; officers is expected to staid; itraifiV^ ing soon. ' '’''f
DOUGLAS SHOES , $5.50, PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St. West Lafayette
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
WKKJ
licC®¥ HATfWI
FIRST RUN This is one of the latest pictures BUCK JONES made before his Bond selling trip to Boston. . -r-AND.— ■■■
CARTOON
lammr
TODAY and TOMORROW
FOREST RAROER
Overman • Dekker • PallettILi
LUMA —TODAY - TOMOROWFRONTIERSMAN!
ilffilsl
-NOW PLAYING^;
PLUS —SECOND HIT A moii...and q btouliful girl...expost the blotk spawn of the Axiil
with PAT O’BRIEN GEORGE MURPHY g jANE WVATT* JACKIE COOPER I CARL ESMOND MAX BAER
ADMISSION Nights and Sunday Week Day Matinees. .. Children
35e ........2Se .... ...lOe plus tax
— ADDED — DISNEY COLOR CARTOONkv Tuesday, December 8, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Pagels
^ }
rrosh/ Cavemen Face Riveters In Net Openers
Heidke Sets New World ^east Stroke Records
INTRAMURALS
By Clint Sowards
The Interfiaternity Swim;mng Meet will be held Thursday afternoon, December 10, at 4 10 p. m fintiies may be chanjted dtiimg the meet Not moie thah ttvo men from any fratefnity m any single event
In the course of week end events, December 4 and 6, on the except the lelays Following is the g lo
8 26
yd
60
bieast
yd back stioke, 60 stioke, 60 yd crawl
4 20—100 yd back stroke 4 80—100 yd breast stioke
4 40—lOO yd fjee style 4 50—50 yd free style
6 00—220 yd relay, 4 men
6 10—22Q yd free style
5 20—Fancy diving (three required dives, three optional) Please have your team at the pool
piomptly at 4 10 Conference rules limit the numbei of events to three
7 00 7 16
8 10 8 25
7 00
7 16
8 10
Boile)mi4ker campus, Swimming Coach Dicken Papenguth and eventti l^is cir^w of swimming stars, and the members pf the Triton ^ 10-—Medley Relay, 3 men
Club, ^irls swimnimg organization on the campus, all earned some sort of a medal for services rendered to the swimming world, to the USO effort, to the National drive for War Bond sale, and for the superb job of , . OptOl'tainibg the students on Jjjg heait set on the lecoid the Boilermaker campus with m the 50-metei event The recoid what WSih in the minds of every at that time, for said event, was 31 4 obe of the ^,000 people fortu- seconds, set by Roy Vitousek, Ji , of ikte enough to get a ticket to Uhiversity, on May 11, this spectacle, the sixth annual ^ nr, ^
A^iuacade, the most hilarious good
time the Fieldhouse has ever housed Heidke, again swimming agalnfit foi any one man, including the re- ® 25 A PWr of World Records time, walloped his adveisary by six- lays Team trophy and medals as What was probably the most out ^ second The new time and usual One oi more men constitute a standing feature of the Aquacade foi participation points T^as the setting of two new world Elrey Heidke of Twenty-five points foi participat-
rfeebrds by a sophomoie member of the Riveter swimming squad, one Rlroy HeWke^ In the initial pi oduc tion last Friday night, Roy took two ciaeka at the woild lecoid in the 50-yard breast stioke event, both tiines a bad break undermined his chaheas On the first try it was a Md stalt, and on the second it was a pooh turn on the last lap In an
BASKETBALL Tuesday, Dec. 8
Couif 1—Dave Long 7 00 Sigma Chi Vs Beta Theta 7 16 Phi Gamma Delta vs, Lamb-
da Ohi Alpha.
Delta Upsilqfi ye. Theta Tau Kappa Sigrfia vp. Sigma
Alpha Epsi|oh
Couit 2—D,,VflIcVey
Alpha Ch; Rh^ ^s./ TOeta Xi Phi Kappa Tau Vs Beta
Sigma Psi.
Grid Statistics Show Decline In Attendance
Varsity And Frosh Meet In Opening Game Tonight
VARSITY Anderson
The Western Conference today Kennedy or Hoffman
Menke Ehlers
Starting Lineups Position
F F C G G
FRESHMB^C"
Berberian (Harvey, Moody (Yorktown, Anderson (Brazil, tkdJjf
Ertel (Tipton,
Haag (Evansville,
looked upon the unofficial attendance figures for the 1942 season as a deal indication that the public is
solidly behind the recent resolution Lawson
of the Big Ten athletic diiectors to Coach "Piggy” Lambert Will get his first chance to see his continue the intei collegiate com 1942-43 edition of Boilermakers in action when they Cbma
Pi Kappa Alpha Vs Theta Chi program as a component against a determined crew of freshmen coached by “Dufcli'^
Fehring, tonight on the Fieldhouse floor This annual evettt fs sponsored by the Reamer Club and will feature a betwbenr
-baivpg battle between ReAiii-
Sigma Pi vs Acacia
Couit 3—George Emerson
Puidue University, Decembei 6, jug, five for winnei and three foi 1942, stands at 30 8 seconds lunner-up Please note list of men (This IS the fiist time any Boiler^ 'meligible for intiamuial cbmpetimakei swimmer has held a world’s tion on the bulletin board recoid) The style of hi cast stroke that Cary Hall Swimming Meet will be Roy uses is a deviation of the flying Wednesday evening fiom 4 to oi butterfly breast stroke that Coach g o’clock The meet will include the Papenguth has woiked out What following Medley lelay (3 men) ought to be ample pi oof that this 50 Yd Back Stioke, 60 Yd Breast
PVeiit as short as the 50-yard spnnt, deviation is a good one is that it’s Stroke, 100 Yd Fi ee Style 60 Yd every motion must be peifect, eveiy the same way Dick taught Patty pj-ee Style, 200 Yd Relay, 220 d ifiuscle must coordinate faultlessly Aspinall, Woman’s National breast pieg Style, Fancy Diving
to knock off those tenths of seconds stroke champ, how to swim Patty tha( weatt so much has been hauling down woman’s 1 ecSWfmming against time, Roy 01 ds with this stroke evei since missed the record of 28 6 seconds set Pant, Pant, Pant, Gluggg by Ted Neward of Compton Junioi When this flying bieast stioke College, Hunt Park, Calif, on May was devised about 1936 it took a 18,1940, by two-tenths of a second, stiong man to last a hundred yaids OH his fiext try the lesults weie no with it but 101 that hundred yards better; ajittle later in the evening a pei son would be flying Papenguth
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Tau Kappa Epsihjii; Alpha Ta]f Omega vs Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Phi
Epsilon '
Delta Chi ys Alpha Gamma
Rho ■'
Couit 4—Don Sprague-Bcnz 7 00 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Sigma
Alpha Mu
^ 16 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs
Navy
8 10 Tiiangle vs Phi Sigma
Kappa
8 26 Phi Kappa vs Kappa Delta
Rho
Swimming is a minoi spoit, which gives extia points to the winneis, thiee to the runner-up Please sec that youi men aie at the poOl piomptly at 4 00
The Ward “A” Basketball sched ult IS neaiing completion vith the
in a medley relay race Roy tied the thought the stioke could be put to a lound of the play off scheduled
^iroild rePord: of 28 5 seconds bettei use so he devised his idea of Ofle DowA, One To Go it one that Patty Aspinall calls the For the SatUiday night show, “Wimpy flying bieast stroke” InBoy’s D^d made a trip down to the stead oi the swimmei swimming 76 fijampus, and it wasn’t in vain In pei cent with his aims and practical
the fastest time evei made by any man, Roy swam his event, the 50 ygrd breast stroke, m 28 3 seconds, tiVo-tenths of a second bcttei than
the old record
” Sundhy afternoon the Aquacade Was put on again foi the benefit of the shiloi's from Caiy Halls Roy
ly diagging the legs the “Wimpy tyle uses the aims and legs 60 60, and it IS possible foi a swimmer to last a mile oi two without tiring Roy Ileidl c the new recoid holdei IS a sophomoie in the Physical Education school and a mcmbei of Phi Sigma Kappa, social fraternity
Order Crested Jewelry TODAY For Xmas Delivery BURR, PATTERSON & AULD CO.
Official Jewelers
IN THE VILLAGE
PHONE 2523
for Monday night The following six teams are in the play offs, having lost not more than one game in the SIX game schedule Waid 21 Ward 25 Ward 28' Ward 10A Waid 27
and Ward 29
The semi-finals will be played Wednesday evening on Court 1 and the finals are scheduled for Friday night at 7 00 on Coip t 1 Cary Hall 4 Wins; Ward Basketball Finals This Week With the intramural basketball finals completed the top eight teams in the Ward ciicuit opened then final lound tilts this week In the Caiy Hall games Unit 4 finished on top of Unit 3 then closest iival foi the championship The eight leading teams in the Waid gioup aie Waids 21, 26, 27, and 28 who have won five and lost one, and 29 and lOA who have pei feet leeords with six victoiies and no defeats In the fiateiTiity net competition there aie five fiateinities boasting peifect slates with foui of then six legulaily scheduled games com (See WARD BASKETBALL, p 4)
Wednesdiy, Dec. 9 Couit 1—Rodgeis-Whitlock 7 09 Ward Playoff 7 16 Wmd Playoff Couit 2—Steven Rudasics 7 00 Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa Alpha Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma
Pi
Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Sigma Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau Omega Goiut 3—Benz Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Pbi Phi Kappa Tan vs Delta Chi Sigmg Chi vs Theta Chi Lambda Chi Alpha vs Acacia
7 15
8 10
8 25
7 00 7 16 8 10 8 25
Coiiit 4—Maiks Chiistensen
7 00
7 15
10
Thet i Tau vs Tau Kapp i Epsilon Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta Theti Xi vs Sigma Phi Ep silon
League LEAGUE STANDING
English Poultiy
Agi Chem 1 Civil Enginceimg Hoi ticulture Animal Husbandly Executive
Physics
Electiical Engineeiing Agiicultmal Engineerihg
Speech
Naval Training Station Physical Plant Agiicultuial Extension
Agionomy 2 Recitation
(See FACULTY BOWLING, p 4)
w
L
26
13
26
14
25
14
24
16
24
15
24
16
24
16
23
16
23
16
23
16
22
17
22
17
21 "
18
21
18
20
19
19
20
LEARN THE INSIDE STJJFF! Who’s got it, and w}i0 ain’t!
tmw
BUY THE SEND I
EXPONENT r HOME!
This paper has news that will interest the whole family! Your little sister would love it! Your Mother and Dad will know what’s what at Piii’dne — they really do enjoy hearing all ahont everyone!
JJuL PwtduiL ^xfmrniL
In the face of mounting difficulties which inci eased as the season developed, 1,639,249 persons saw Western Confeience football players in action m 68 games The flguie compaies favorably with the -noimal attendance of other seasons, however, it is somewhat off the iCcord-bieaking totals of 1940 and
1941 seasons
Week after week this fall while collegiate football and the whole
Notre Dame Here Today In Season's First Fencing Meet
ers and Gimlets.
Action in the battle tomghi will get underway at 7 and the charge will be the usual 25c In last year’s tilt the varsity tromped the green rhfaiea
This evening will mark the first the humiliating score of 64-28 beappeaiance of varsity intercol fore a ciowd of 1370 spe<itatots.
intercollegiate sports piogiam was legiate fencing for the past thiee Geoige Fields of the varsity squtdi unclei public attack by irresponsible yeais on the campus The Riveter was top scorer for the evening dttd
fenceis will engage in duels with sophomoie candidates Swajite and the Notie Dame team in the fencing Lawson showed their effectiveneBA room on the thud floor of the Field- with supeiior under-the-basketplay
On the frosh side of t]ie story last
The past week has seen, much im yeais, Ehlers was the star, Kerthfeprovement m the team as Piofessoi val and Kennedy added to the' scorFinney di died his charges The ing, and Ritchie did his hit. Thq v6rteam is headed by Captain Aaion sity held a 22-8 edge at the half, httt Kaufman who is pie&ident of the the fieshmen came back with conSilver Mask foi this season Cap siderable fight in the second stdnza tain Kaufman fences epee and saw to add eighteen pomts to their
and unthinking “snipers,” many thousands of Amfeiican athletic fans oveicame mounting obstacles to give a resounding vote of confidence to the thoughtful piogiam being developed by the athletic administrate! s which IS based upon the solid foundation of combat spoits The average attendance at 68 games involving Western Confeiteams was slightly under 30 000
Fifty thiee of the games weie the action last yeai against the Notie total This yeai the frosh stars of
homo games played by Big Ten teams against both eonfeiencc and non confeience opponents The ad ditional five games consideicd m dude two games at Notie Dame one at Nebiaska, one at Soldieis Field Chicago and one at Municipal
Stadium Cleveland
Average Slips This Year The aveiage attendance at 48 games in 1940 was 37,737 The foi loving season, 1941 saw a new total attendance lecoid howevei the aveiage for 49 games slipped off to 36 976 Dui mg the past season in aveiage of 29 194 peisons pei -,anie attended 58 games
In
yuds gained pei game by passing wai 71 7 Ihib yeai that hguie took quite a jump to 75 yaicE pei game In ] )10 the jiassing t,ain w is only 05 7 yaids pei game Thus Big fen tooth ill has undeigone an almost 1 evolutionaly change since 1910 in the niattei of style ol play with glowing emphasis on the loiwaid
pass
Passing Efficiency Increased Fuithei, the passing efficiency
Dame squad when the RiVetei Silvei Mask team was defeated by a scoie of 16 to 11 Anothei membei of last yeai's team is Jack Vallbillich who is a veteian with the sabei Tonight’s match will be the last foi both Chuck Huffman and Waiicn Koeinei as these men will leceive then diplomas in three
weeks
Takes Drill Work
Pi'of ssoi Finney has woiked haul the past week to get the team into shape foi the match Much time has been concentiated on lundameiitals and intei squad matches hue been held to acquaint
last year will undoubtedly appear on the starting lineup for the Lambert lads and will have a chance to be on the othei end of the score, maybe
Reamer Gimlet Fiasco
The battle between the Reamers and Gimlets last year turned out to be a fiist class comedy The headline in the Exponent the foUowiftg daj> said, “Reamers Beat Gimlets As Gimlets Win”, and the question as to who won has never been answeied The lads will probably endeavoi to answet this question tonight in then grudge (anything
goes) battle
Lambert’s tentative Imeup to-
10 11 ■i-'U T /-I 1 F -P luctH-IJUS lllVU ULLil IlcHl LU clL-mJctlllL ^ a'll stiukiitb Vitli thc piocediue of night will have some personalities
Since this IS the fiist that are compaiatively new to the
mitch ot the season theie is little fans “Red” Anderson, a junior to be said ibout the individual pai from Edwaidsport, will be seen foo: tieipation oi thc membeis of the the first time m vaisity togs “Ante im Notie Dime m the past has dy” came out foi the varsity foir the alwlys d( veloped stiong fencing Arst time this season rfter making
trains and the matches will bring out 3List how ‘•tiong the Boilei-
inakei squad is
The team to face Notie Dame will
a name for himself in Ward basketball He seems to be making the giade because of his unusual speed and accuracy under the Basket.
has increased and the figuies when
examined closely" indicate that Rosen, Wood and DeHart, Epee marksmanship has inipioved The Kaufman, Schwenkei, and Koeinei,
be selected from the following Ehleis and Kennedy ^osoplrnmore
squad - Foil B1 y a n t, Larson,
new figuies have not deiived fiom “desperation” aeiials In 1940 thc peicentage of pass completions was 369 Last yeai the peicentage jumped to 383 and duiing the past season it continued to soai to 395 The lattei figuie is bettei than the percentage of completions foi the entire nation in 1941 The national yaidstick foi a year ago showed 392 as the percentage of pass completions Last year the aveiage gain rushing and passing pti game in the Big Ten was 236 7 while this season it fell off slightly to 233 4 Rushing gave way somewhat lo passing diopping fiom 165 yaids pei game m 1941 to 158 4 in 1942 Eurthei indicating the trend towaid inoic
of-
Saber Huffman, Wallbilhch Thiele Professoi Finney will
fici^ite at the meet
The Notie Dame match is the only match scheduled foi the fenceis foi this semestei Next semestei, the vaisity is scheduled to enter thc Big Ten fencing touinament, but may be foiced to withdiaw because of the piesent transpoitdtion difficulties The schedule which IS now being diawn up included confeience matches with Illinois, Chicago, Northwestern, Ohio State, and Wisconsin Non conference matches include Chanute Field and a return match with Notie Dame All home games aie held m thc Fieldhouse and aie open to the
public fice of chaige
of varsity play and a chance to establish their bid for a regular stort-
and position
A1 Menke will start m his regular center position and will take oVer his 1941-42 captaincy when Hie initial gun files Menke was slated as a co-captain this season, hut because of the loss of Bob Riley, the other CO captain who enlisted in the Nav4l Air Corps, Menke will reign as th6
sole ownei of the title
The game tonight will be somewhat of a warm-up foi the Lambert lads in preparation for the initial scheduled tilt against the Little Giants of Wabash, next Thursday evening Last year the Boilerutakei s won a 41-29 victory over the lads from down South with a display df hot and cold ball handling Bdy Gieve, high-scoring forward «n the Wabash quintet who was the leading scorei in the state intercollegi-
open play, theie weie fewei points
this season The punting aveiage Ten teams veie inteiesfed mainly lafie last year, was the leading increased fiom 34 4 to 35 1 in winning football games by play g^^oigi of the tilt with 18 of his The numbei of penalties dioppcd mg haid, clean football, and, the team’s 29 points “Frosty” Sprowl
as did thc aveiage yaids penalized discipline of outstanding officiating
pel game leveahng two facts Big incieased
A CAUTION TO MEMBERS OF \ ROTC NROTC . ENLISTED RESERVE...' C'i$h IS a dangerous compmion It tempts tines es or it may be lost It IS both wise inJ mexpensne to turn this cash into AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVi LLRS CHEQUES Ihen if these Cheques irc mispliced ot stolen (before you ln\e affixed your identificition signiturc) their \ ilue is re funded to you \ou spend them is you do cish Ihey reman good so long IS you carry them uound unspent You can buy them it Bmks ind Riilway 1 piess offices They cost 75(i for eich $100 00 AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
was the stai for the Boilermakers
with 14 points
This season Gieve yvill be hack with the Cavemen m his usual forwaid beith and will probably give the Boilei makers plenty of worrt&k bef01 e the evening is over. In aUdttion to Greve, Wabash will Kgiffe Kelley and Montgomery at cfiiter and guditl, lespectively Theije two lads weie in the hrtfeup last ye«i»and will team with Greve for a revenge on thc Black and Gold. Blum and Gage will be two newtomeis to the Cavemen lineup, but leports from Ciawfoidsville show that these two w ill be 11 watching Wabash already has Mctoij No 1 to their credit by viitue of a 44 17 wm ovei Cential Noimal and will be gunning for tl OH second when they meet Indiana at Bloomington tonight
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKIRYs-
,<•14/-
J^fe 4
Piirdue E^f^ponent
Tuesd^ ‘ ■ "5 Becenthei* - i9d2
Faculty Bowling (Continued fiom page 3) Dany • 1*^ Mechanical Engineering 19 Radio Engiiieeiing 19 Chemist! V 2 18 Agronomy 1 18 Forest! y 17 Agiicultuial Chemistry 2 17 Agricultural Chemlstl^ 3 16 Agricultural Exp Sta 16 Chemistry 1 16 Chemical Engineering 14 Army I'l Pharmacy 14 General Stores 14 Brplogy 14
General Engineering IS 26 High Team Sets—Elec Engi , 2811, Agi Chem 1, 2776, Dairy
2771, Speech, 2673
High Team Games—Elec Engi 977, Agi Chem 1, 962, Speech,
945, Dairy, 944
High IndiMclual Sets—Seal 600 King,'596, Elhkci 583, Haver camp,
549
High Individual Games — Kmg 232, Haveicamp 218, Maish 213, Jackson, 211 High Team Sets to Date—Phys les, 2859, Executive, 2851, Agi E\ tension 2844, Agi Chem 1 3838 High Team Games to Date— General Engmeeiing 1023, Naval Training Station 1022, Phcsics 1022, Agionomy 2 1021 High W eekh Individual Sets to Date—Lehkei, 614, Hoefei 607, Seal 600, King 596 High Weeklj Individual Games to Date—H F Owen 268, Claik 256 Beers, 253, Baclies 251 All Campus Bowling Tournament Schedule tor t\eek 10 Wednesday, 6 iO Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Tau Theta Chi Delta Chi Lambda Chi Alpha Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
Phi Sigma Kappa Alpha Chi Rho Sigma Nu Beta Theta Pi Wednesday b 45 Hilltops Theta lau Phi Kappa Sigma Delta Upsiion Pi Kappa Alpha Tau Kappa Ep
silon
Alpha Tau Omega Pi Kapjia Phi Alpha Gamma Rho-Phi Gamma
Delta
Thursday 6 30 Sigma Phi Epsilon Tiianele Beta Sigma Psi Sigma Pi
University Cattle Win
At Stock Show
Dr. Estey Will Lead Book Buying Club Discussion Tonight Elects Officers
A discussion of the Social Security Act, as related to the ietuement piogiam ot Univeisity faculty members, will be held in connection with
111 addition to piescnting the a dinnei this evening The discus grand championship barrow at the sion will be led by Dr J A Estey, Chicago Market Fat Stock show head of the department of history, and other awards alieady an government and economics, and by nounced, Univeisity sheep and beef W A Boclden, assistant controller
New officers oi the West Lafay ette Book Buying Club were elected on Wednesday evening The new president is Hugh Hough, the seeietai\ IS Mary Grey, and the pub lieity director is Dave Hyde
Union hoard MclIidv lucsdiy at 7 JO p in Deccmbci 8 in the Union olTicc -HIIAER POMM Election of next stmestcr a o(Ti (.CIS will be held lucbday Dec 8 at 4 p m in I he Aimoiv All members of the ordei should attend this mcetinp JACKSON ASMP Mectmjr fiiesdiv Dec 8 it 7 W loom 108 Dr G A Hawkins will apeak on PhotoRiaphine the Invisible an ilKistril td lecluie on infra led pbotoitiaphv - LLOYD
Debris Workers Sophomoles juniois ind
Debt is Meetinfr of all ophbmorts and luniors petitioning foi office Tuesday Dee 8 at 4 Pi m Debus office Intel views will be held Wednesday Thursday and Iiiday of this lyetk Petitions aro due Tuesday ot 4 —BALL Memhcis of Undcraraduotc Dames Meet inK It (he Union it 7 80 p m There will be election of officeis — KOUIL
cattle won a numbei of firsts and
other awards
Fust place in the Shiopshiie
25 sheep class for single wethers, and 25 the breed championship wether
were won by University sheep In the Hampshire sheep class, single wether division, first, tenth and eleventh places were awarded
to University wethers.
Angus beef cattle from the Uni vcisity farm won second place in the individual class, Hqjefoid beef cattle wop sixth and Shorthorn beef cattle, won sixth and fifth lespec tively, also in the individual animal
divisions
In the past University baiiows have won a tptal ot seven grand ch'ampionships at the Chicago Ex position Christened the Chicago Market Fat Stock and Cailot show for the duration, five giand championships have also been vv on by Univeisity slceis, and foui with wethers since the fiist Intel national II -yeais ago
dollars eveiyj teim at the rate of 9 pel cent on text books and 25
The cliiinci w ill be m the Home pei cent on other books A member
ship fee of 25c is the only expense, and that may be paid out of refunds
1 he club saves its membei s many bcnims on cditoimi bunntbs uui photo
* graphic staffs lepoit to woikahop luestHy
Dec 8 at 4 p m — BAI I
Tiny Hill
(Continued fiom page 1) cntci a local business college Dui mg and alter this training Hill tinned to music as a livelihood with a three piece hill billy band This latei became a five piece oi(,hebtia which played all over central HU
nois
In the late summei of 193o, Tmv oi..anized a new oichcstia m which even musician weighed ovci 220 pounds This band w as billed as Hill's Heavyweighs ot Haimony A.ftei disbanding this oiganization and plrving m several other groups Tinj organized anothei orchestra which played m Peoiia foi three straight years Hill’s populaifty in cieased with leaps and bounds and now the orchestra is kept_busv play mg for dances all over the countij tcatuiing all types ot music Jiom tangos to waltzes and sweet swin..
Economics building at 6 15, and reseivations should bo made with Di S E Haicsell, head of the biology department The meeting is open to all faculty members, regardless of membership in the A A U P Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus* Pan American Refining Corporation, Texas City, Texas—Wednes day, December 9 Interested in Chemists,Chemical engineers (Dec, Apr , Master’s) Dow Chemical C o, 'Vlidland, Michigan—^Decembei 9 Allis-Chalmeis Mtg Co , Milwau kcc, Wis —Decembei 10 Inteiested in engineeis and women maioiing in chemistiy, math , physics If in tcicsted sign in the Pcisonel Office by 3 p m , Wed , Dec 9 Radiation Laboiatorj, M I T, Cambiidgc, Mass —December 18 Interested in Physicists and EE Sign in Poisoiyncl Office Lear Vria Inc Piqua, Ohio—In Hicsted in December and Apiil ME \E, CE EE li interc*'tcd sign in the Pcisonncl Office by Wcdnc^diy,
December 9
Bausch iL Lomb Optical Co Ro chestei, New loik—Intel cstgd in December and Apul ME chemistry or physicists Sign in Pcisonnel Of hcc by 'Wednesday Decembei 9 Cheviolet Motoi and \\le (Dn ot GMC) Buffalo New Yoik—In tciestcd in Diccmbei and A.pi il Met E Sign in Peisonnd Oifif t b' Satin day Dec 12 Vmeiican Can Co ^laywood HI —Inteiested m Chemi Is MotE Si’ll in Pci‘'Onncl Office in Situ
day Dec 12
Coed Tests
Wesley Plnycrs it th foundation plans for pkdj^inp: bers attend Afirricultunst
meeting
Meeting tonight it 7 -iO Election of olficciG iiul Impoitlnt that all nnm WOODWARD Impoitant business staff
BROWN
Notices
All Students Student tutois are now wailable foi many subjects Rates die bO cents per hour Apph at Senate Office Un Ion Irom 4 to 6 30 p m —BREWER All Male Students If you desire to enlist in the Aimy Enlisted Reseivc Corp'^ >ou must place \oui appUcution now and follow it up at ( nee No student now in school may be enlisted iftei Dct 31 processing of ap pheantb leciuiies ipproximatelv two weeks to complete neccssxiy physical examinations ind ilhcd papeis Limited clerical help will malt it impissiblc to enlist applicants wh{ \s iit until the last minute to apply All ipplications should be made in Room B1 Basement cf Pm lue Aimory - GRAHAM Debris Workers P titions foi Junioi jobs must be t unc 1 in to B \U or Minton bv Lucs 11> Dec ) Simph copus of foi mil )tti lion lie in the woikshop oi the husiiuss itfi c -IIIEODOSL
Sliver Mask Pledges Initiation Wednes (lay Dee ) Meet it 30 p m in fiont of the I leldhouse — ROSEN Alpha Zeta Election of office is tonight {Tuesday) in loom 305 of the Union Evtiy mcmbei be present —DIESSLIN Dolphin Club Elections Wednesdus Dec ) at 7 Is p m in room 104 of the Tic Id house Everybody be pitsent and be piompt Turn in nil Aquacade money befoio that time KRUrCIC Gimlet Club Theio will be a dinner meet mg at the Phi Gamma Delta house Wednes (la> Dee 0 at 6 p m Ail old and new membeis art invited MENKE
Pan Hell Pre rush legisiiation Eiidiy Dec 11 1 to 5 p m for all fieshman and uv>iH I classmen going thiough January rush It js necessary to sign up even if giadcs etc ue uneeitam FRIER Radio Club Meeting Wednesday Dec 9 in room 215 of the Pin sics building it 7 10 p m Di Scbreibei \m11 give i Iccture(limon tuition on Puncipks ind Uses of the Clyclolion I REYMAN AM PCr Students Seni n b induct Dl( 11 it 5 -1) P m Git tiel etj from Nish r 1 ick Piekirl Goet/e Herd ot call 24 30
- PIERD
AXEF T >inx meeting >f Inih inni c hs Sec tion (I afavtlU Division) and Student Bi inch Wednesdav Dec 9 at 7 10 p m in room 2al E E Building Mi Ditchman of Gdulil LIcetne Co will so j k on Lighting -WENDELL Geres Impoitant meeting Thursday Dec 10 it 7 30 p m in loom 305 of he Union to elect nc,w offieeis All new initi itcd mem bers please attend EE MASTER
Large double room for rertt Olo96 lo campus Jnnci^pring mattress beds Phpjhe
71331
?5 00-—REWARD—$6 00—For anyone finding und letmnmg the billfold belonging to Howald Johnson Phone 2348 For Rent—Double room $7 50 each 4.02 Noithwcbtern Ave Phone 31754 Wanted—Boy to fire furnace for room 402 Northwestern Aye Phono 31754 Lost—“Bracelet with initials J B P it FicUlhoiiso Friday night Return to or call West Desk of Union
New under-arm ( Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiriotion
student War Council Wednesday Decc ‘I it ittcnd
Impoitant meeting " 11 m All pU iSL DUES TER
Union Board lee 8 in Unio
MictiiiK InescHy 1 10 P in 1 office —HILLER
SCA Hoard I i babli VI a on liiisdiiN Dei 8 nebs will b t iki n up
11 t meeting )t the All unfinished busi -ANTONACCIO
Lalicrs and Police The fo lowing i^poit 1 th indeisigi 1 in Room lOs ot the Mens tjj m Wtilnesilip D e ) it 1 p m R I Vgnew K Id Andeison I I Antler t n J L Andutieb L N Applee itt C, I \ichei W D B inekei tV C Bun mi R B Bane R I Bniwegci P I Batnigiit \ lellley A Bit ID Blettnel M / B mull V I Brutus W H BullniKtun I 1 H r„e! VV I Bui li n It 1 Cl iiu me/ 1 II Chiseiitu U A Close in \i C W Glost W C C (1 r I Ceetniis V VV Daeis D 1 D 1 n„ i V DtVImn 1 1 Didcl W K Dudseiibki D I Duifte I P Enel bun VV 1 C lUs K M Cil I G 1 Ciffil I 1 Gi mni L J liij/vl I b Hansel 1 II Hi d t I H u 1 \ Heulk I I Itin > C 1 Hin 1 \V II u II yi 1 Hull O i Him It J C Inmin I R Innii g V 1 1 sb 1 C Iv iti R N
Kill itnel 1 Kimki
I t Kill K V I 111 It VV I I il h it iV I 1 1 I 11 I I tt K I I >pt b I VV VIcCtthe ( I MeCiiimiel I L VI I il 1 IK MtMill 1 VI R Mil Mill 1 1 Vliti M / W S Mi„nin K I VIill r i u I Vhll I 1 VV Ml ilh 11 D R X tt h n VV J N t II I O 111 Min I L Gndi |1 1 C I Pilmei I P ii iti r I R R U I ( I R W PHtt r III V\ 1 1 n \ 1 nshlel 1 H Kttlenbei i VV V R \ n Id C O Rob lit I P Ro t R VV R 1 S I Pu 1 1 1 Uu„„i n II \ Seitl ! W H *^1 I ' R SI o m il r C S Si eel J VV bn k \ V Si y i 1 H W S Re u 1 i (i I S( ) Itii g II 1 S , m I Sli i bii It t
Christian Science Orffanizntion Eetr Ini meetinpr will be held in loom SOI at ^ JO ]) m Tuesday Dee H SOMMIJR Iota Lambda Sisrma Due to travel diffi tultics of our reprcbentatives in the field ind othei extenuating cireumbtances the late of mitintion has been indefinitely post ponftl Details will bo piveri out at our next melting and a posbihle lutuie ilatt will lit a WOODLN Senior Cadet Officers Do not bung sal it toCoipsDay luesthy Dec 8 EVIL
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office
407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding xviacn^nt*i all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C 1 Eber*hoH 605 Mam Lafayette* Phone 2779 Lost—A Mulo Multifmt autem\tic Swiss \\ itch luminous dial hi lek face Stiap made foi sm ili wrist Also a Sig Ep pm with the nime R L Saxton on back Re waul i plenty Phone 3301 Reel Wanted—Bo\s to woik at the Puulue Un K n CafeUua Api Iv Puuhu Union Cafe
ten i Oflict
Xm Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate skin 2. No-waitingtodry Caribeused right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor 4. A pure, •white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Launder ing for being harmless to ■' fabric.
1 St tl
) 1
R I 1
r I St
1 \
( vv V -I hi l I \
t 11 I H I N V 111 ]
VV 11 Wo (1
Ward Basketball Merry-Go-Round
(Continuetf fiom page 3l pleted Thej are Phi Kappa Phi Beta Theta Pi Theta Xi Pi Kappa Alpha and Phi Delta Theta Eight fraternitres will be bracketed in the finals, SIX m the upper group and two in the lower This week also leatiiits the intia mural hwimming meets The Car-y Hall men will swim ioi then crown ■Wednesday night while the fra ternity competition takes place Thursday afternoon when Beta Theta Pi deff* tis the title they won last ^eai Following thebe eventb the iifleij competition foi Caij Plall and foi the fiatei nities is the next item on the eaid Cai\ Hall matches will be held this week while the fiateinitj competition takes places sometime next semebtei
Theta Xi
. social fiateinitj announees the initiation ol the tollovving men John Cahill liivei t loiest Illinois, Jack White, Noimandv Missouri GeoigeBubch Oiadell lSiev\ Jeistv Kenneth Kne^ei Louisville Ken tuekj, How aid Schmidt Engle wood New Jeisev Geoiae Quick Western bpiings Illinois Adofiih Shied Cieago Hei.,hts Hhnoi W i! liam McCullough New Alhinv and Rogei Beal Chica...o Illinois
(Continued liora l)aj,e 2) Heal tiuth about the picluie ot Red Cross workers uishing blood plasma bj plane to Boston w ith the inscription ‘The Red (loss Comes Through’ was that it was lust anothci piece ot Red Cioss ballyhoo There w as blood plasma ah eaclj in Boston—plentv ol it—eolleeted and kept in reseive b) the Oflite ol Civil Defense Actually the OCD had a total of 2,708 units ot plasma on hand in Boston As a result of the lire only 1,303 units were used Thus more than 1 000 units still are on nand there Despite this the Red Cioss sent a driblet of only two to three hun died units to Boston When a Red Cross officral was asked why moie plasma was sent, when it must have known there was plentv on hand he I eplied Dh we thought it was a good ehance to get a little exit a pub
lieitv
R.Earl Peters Indiana dueetoi ot the 1 HA will be tilt speakei at the monthlv meeturg ot the Tipiieeairoe Oountv unit ot Bettei Homes m Amenta at T -'0 toni.,ht Iht muting will be held in the Union and Peteis’ sub leei will be ‘Post W'ai Housing ’
(Coutmued irom pd„ 1) pi otessional wtik is])etirll\ i
tl aching
Mimeogi i])hed •'HlcI \ ill la. -,1V en the coeds on thr ei itu il ii e is wheie women ue needer! in indiis in Thr libniv n' i ernipj r 1 a bibIio-,iaphv in eoniunction with this on ‘What Ai e the Ciitital Aiea, m the \\ r Lfio 1 'Mheie Women Can Be Use''” National bignihtanee Each toed is uiged to do her be i on the tests, loi the lesults will have national si_^nifteanet The pti tentaf,t lesults will give the gov einment an idea ol the numbei ot w omen w ho can be pi epai ed to i c
place men
This testing pio-,iam is the first oi its kind to be earned out in the countiy It is sponsoied bj the Uni veisity committee on the education
ot women
I isl( I r tarn 11 til I W 1 11) 11 hr I i 1 1 111
D
mil n 11 t
) t I
llu
111 1 uml 11 1 III
V V1t( lint I I C Ih I n V VI II III i mi W ( VV H Willmiitl
Ili OW K
You Say You Want Action! O. K! Here’s your chance to help win the war— CONSERVE and INVEST Conserve on clothes by having them Crown cleaned regularly. They will last longer. iicis li8.^asiY FINE CLEANERS Of FINE CLOTHES Top oi the Hill— on the Corner
f lid I’t,)|iciH Vriii 11 I) I II UiH 1 III h; m Vlt Imt, r I I I ilxt I 11 U 1 11
I nxinitniiK Si
enci- Sti 11 A|)i 1
c ml 1 h in it-i Lnxi It. rii f, Bi il Delin', IiiL n day llu I il 11 1 u d 11 P tllH I Iht, \M
1 iM 1 'in 1 r D t 8 111 SIM MO -IS
Vl< (hameal VOt Li R
til-- will b 11
tl El I ly s will b
Ifl Wt Ini s
Deccml ei S 10 ]) sUtI lai h 111
BAI I
HITS THE MARK FOR 20 MILLION READERS
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
“The Coke’s in”
-X/1I13 rom SACGAei auiao /TSik rg I.
AND TAKE YOUR TRAIN CAREFREE! Don r stirt for liuiire clutieied up wich luggage just phone R Rail ^ AY Lxpiu ss uid well c il) loi )oui ti uuks and bags, speed them to youi home ind sive \ou tune and needless worn Gives joumoie loom and eoiulort on the u un loo, to sa) nothing of picl u|i and delivcn u no evti i thaige within our legular velmle liiiius in ill cities uul piiiicipd tow ns You cur iCiul collect , loo, when ^ou use Rauwav Ix PHIS 'Just phone hu infoimuioii oi stivict
Railway
IXPRESS
AOlNCY
INC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
“That’s the happy greettng heard today when a new supply of Coke arrives of a cooler. Folks waif for it.,. wait because the only thing 8ike Coca-Coica is Coca-Cola itself. Customers smile and start moving up to pause and be refreshed. “There’s a cheerful spirit abou /this way of accepting waitime restrictions. Morale is high.”
BOTHED UNDtR AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY ( Ota tola Bottling ( o , ol laiavtHt Ind at 6tli and Salem Sis
XASUmiOM Drew Pearson merry-qo-round
Twenty million people read what Drew Pearson^ reveals in his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national and international affairs and the men who mold them. Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneafh-the-surface motives anij movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round THE PURDUE EXPDIVEIVT