-i
rzT^
-rl^ ^r4i'rf ^
>f '
Purdue
Z-ISS
Expoheril
Volume 5L No. 32
Tuesday# October 17# 1939
Late News | e Subs Take Heavy Toll London, Oct. 16.—^Three passenger vessels, two French aPd one British, were sent to the bottom last Saturday by U-boats, it was announced here today. Fifteen lives were lost. The three boats were sunk in the same locality, indicating that the damage was done by the same submarine. ' • Nazis Claim Norl'h Sea Berlin, Oct. 16.—German naval officials today announced that the British cruiser Repulse had been torpedoed and disabled shortly after H.M.S. Royal Oak was sent to the bottom. In London, British naval officials refused to comment u^n the rumor, but said that it was another example of German propaganda. • French Stop Advance Paris, Oct. 16.—French military officials reported that the German advance along a four-mile front had been halted as the German troops neared the Moselle river. The troops reportedly occupied the Schneeberg mountain area before artillery fire halted the advance. • Air Raid Thwarted Edinburgh, Scotland, Oct. 16.— Scotch anti-aircraft batteries drove off a dozen German bombers today in an attempted air raid on the British naval base in the Firtk of Forth. At least four, and a reported other, planes were shot down. Three German fliers were killed and four made prisoners. British pursuit planes from the Royal Air Force chased the raiders in a IQO-minute air battle. Two persons were reported killed by ma-chine-gun bursts or shrapnel fragments. • Armistice Holiday Washington, Oct. 16.—President Roosevelt today proclaimed November 11 Armistice Day in the United States, although the rest of , the world be at war. “In the tragic situation in which the world finds itself today ... it is appropriate for the United States to reflect that hour of November 11, 1918, when the voices of war were silenced,” he said.
Activities Bureau Begins Series Of Fresh Meetings Sickman, Fishburn Explaili Function of WSGA, Senate Interested freshmen were introduced to the workings of WSGA and Student Senate yesterday afternoon at a meeting held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 4 o’clock. The meeting, the second of a series designed to acquaint freshmen with campus activities, was sponsored by the Activities Bureau and presided over by Junior Director Walter Gipe. First part of the meeting was devoted to a talk by Ann Sickman, WSGA president, who explained the organization and functions of WSGA. She went into detail concerning the committee system and mentioned that most freshmen and sophomores obtaining WSGA positions worked on the office committee. Petitions Due Monday • All freshman women who wish to try for positions as WSGA representatives are to turn in their petitions, signed by 26 students, to Ann Sickman in WRH South by il p. m. next Monday. Herb Fishburn, Student Senate president, took the floor for the second part of the meeting and explained the function and organization of the senate. He gave an account of the new method of calling out sophomores in the fall for senate work in addition to the eight elected sophomores and assured the freshmen that they_would be given ample notice in the spring when it was time for freshman nominations. Senate Functions Some of the Student Senate functions mentioned by Fishburn were the hafldling of Green Potter elections, which are to take place in the near future, and the publication of the freshman handbook.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: A. C. Harmsen, Kankakee, 111.; R. W. Kersey, Indianapolis; F. R. Knipp, LaCrosse; W. R. Nielson, Chicago, 111.; Bruce A. Yates, Little Rock, Ark.
Ice Cream’s Too Cold Says Swedish Student
By Mary Burtsfield “Your cheer leaders seemed funny at first, but I liked them,” said Brita as she sat in the Memorial Union lobby. She is Brita Kraepelien, Swedish exchange student at the University this year. She was born in a little Swedish country town 20 years ago, but has lived most of her life in Stockholm, capital of Sweden. Brita became interested in an American scholarship back in 1938 when she saw a newspaper advei^tisement. She immediately applied to the American-Swedish foundation by submitting to them her name and school record. Last June she took the examinations along with other applicants. She was notified of her appointment only one day before the date of sailing. Sober Swedes When asked what she thought was the outstanding difference between American and Swedish students, she replied that American children are more independent than the Swedish. They make many more important decisions without consulting their parents than do Swedish children. The Americans are the happiest race of people Brita has ever seen; they are always smiling or laughing. The Swedes are morq sober, laughing only when they are amused. Misses Swedish Bread Brita said that the Swedish food differs only slightly from the American diet. One native delicacy absent in the American food is a rather hard, coarse bread which Brita likes very much.
She said that the Swedes use coffee much more than do Americans. In the average Swedish family, coffee is served four times a day; in early morning, at the mid-morning lunch, in the afternoon at the English tea-time, and in the eveningThe coffee served in Sweden is blacker and is not sweetened or creamed as in America. Ice Cream Too Cold One interesting point is that Brita doesn’t like ice cream as well as the Americans. “And, anyway, it is too cold to satisfy me,” she added. Brita listed, on the spur of the moment, a few characteristics which she noticed as distinctly belonging to Americans. A greater percentage of the Americans wear glasses than do the Swedish, she said. Another little pecularity, about the Americafi women, is that they wear make-up every day. Not so in Sweden. Cosmetics are carefully reserved for parties i and occasions ■when one must look one’s best. Use More Tobacco Another outstanding difference of the women in America, she said, is that they smoke anywhere they wish. The Swedish women smoke privately and only upon particular occasions. Generally, she said, the use of tobacco is not so prevalent in Sweden as it is in America. When she returns to her homeland next summer, We would like to become nn English teacher or receive an appointment in the American consulate.
Want A Free Debris? Start That Candid Camera Snapping If you have a snapshot of campus life that you think is good, drop it, the negative, and a description of the picture in the box just outside the Debris office. It may appfear in the Exponent if it is the best picture of the year you will win a free Debris. ^ The contest will be continued during the entire year and the best picture of each month will appear both in the Exponent and the Debris as the “picture of the month.” The best picture of the year will be chosen from these and the photographer will receive n free yearbook. The first contest will end on November 1. According to John Van Horn, junior business man in charge of the contest, this is a chance for every student to get his picture in the Debris since many more of the priilts will be used than the monthly winners. Young To Speak On 'Campus Traditions' At YWCA Open Meet Thursday, October 19, at 4 p. m. YWCA will hold its first open meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union. YW has asked G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, to speak on “Campus Traditions,” and invites all new girls to attend. The meeting will present an opportunity to join the organization for those who haven’t already done so. The chairmen of the various committees which are an important part of the organisation will address the group after Professor Young’s speech on the duties involved with their committees. Lists will be passed for girls to sign on the following committees: Committees Settlement House, Edna Schwab; conference, Martha Moorhead; social, Ruth Wattleworth; finance, Ruth Bryant; Charm School, Bernadette Dygert; worship, Bonnie Swope; Campus Service, Jane Julin; publicity, Mary Lou Swaney; office, Betty Woelffle; church attendance, Thelma Bugher; membership, Mary Ellen Scarff. WSGA Will Interview New Women Students In an effort to interest freshman and transfer women in campus activities, WSGA will hold a series of interviews in room A of the Union from 4 to 5 o’clock, starting today and continuing until all girls have been contacted. Interviews will be conducted by junior and sophomore workers under the direction of Bonnie House, activities committee chairman. Information obtained from the c«-eds will be turned over to the heads of the respective activities, giving them opportunity to learn of prospective workers. Freshmen and transfers will be notified when they are to appear for an interview. If unable to come at the specified time, arrangements are to be made in the WSGA office for* a substitute time. , Vincent Lopez . . . and his nationally famous orchestra will play for the pre-Dad’s Day mixer in the Union ballroom Friday night, October 20. The dance will be of the regular dollar mixer variety and continue from 9 to 12. Lopez has been engaged because of the importance of the occasion on the night before Dad’s Day. Plans are pending for a swing session before the dance but the decision has not been definitely announced. However, if possible, there will be an opportunity for students who do not attend the mixer to hear the band in advance.
35 Frosh Compete For Hays Trophy In Beveridge Contest Winners Go To Finals Thursday; Hanley Latei* Over 35 freshmen will compete in the preliminaries of the Beveridge speech contest today in room 310 of University Hall. Winners will compete on Thursday to determine the final victor. Approximately 12 will be chosen. The competition, which has been going on for 12 years, is both an individual and a group activity. Freshmen compete for the Hays Cup, donated by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette. Ankey Trophy Winning organization, chosen on the basis of the highest total number of points for individual places, has its name inscribed on the Ankey Trophy. Any group which wins three times keeps the award. The number of freshmen who have signed up thus far is smaller than previous years. Last year year there were nearly 80 who competed. The six high men in the contest will automatically become members of the freshman debate team, and the first and second become eligible for the Hanley competition with sophomores, juniors, artd seniors in "fhe spring. Blanchard, Of MIT, Will Address AChS “Volatile Metal Carbonyls,” an address by Dr. A. A. Blanchard, professor chemistry at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, will mark the opening meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society Thursday, October 19, at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture i-oom of Stanley Coulter Hall. Professor Blanchard has done significant work in several fields of chemistry, including synthetic and analytical chemistry, migration ratios, and atomic structure and valence. He is one of the authors of “Foundations of Chemistry,” and a frequent contributor to scientific and educational journals. Dr. Blanchard will be entertained at a dinner in the Memorial Union building at 6 p. m., preceding the meeting; all students of chemistry and chemical engineering and others who are interested are invited to attend both the dinner and meeting. 800 See ReshowIng Of Minnesota Game “We always play to win. We aren’t content with moral victories,” said Mai Elward as he commented on the Minnesota game movies shown last night in the Union ballroom. He also pointed out that since 1932, Minnesota has failed to win only four home games, tying two and losing one to Purdue teams. Movies covering the entire game, play by play, were narrated by Assistant Coach Mel Taube. Scoring plays were run in slow motion and reverse to enable the audience of about 800 people to follow the play closely. AIEE To Hear Brown Speak On Insurance The University chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers will hold its regular meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. George Brown, Ag ’22, of Lafayette, will address the group. He will speak on the various phases of life insurance, its advantages, the various types and their applications to potential wage earners.
Ganong To Address Peace Fellowship Thursday Evening In connection with the new program of the Purdue Peace Fellowship designed to create greater interest in the peace question. Dr. Carey K. Ganong of the department of economics will speak on the subject of “War Prosperity” Thursday evemng at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dr. Ganong has long been interested in the study of international trade. He began his study of the subject in Nova Scotia and received his doctor’s degree at the University of Wisconsin. He joined the faculty here only a year ago after teaching at Kalamazoo College, Kalamazoo, Mich. The next scheduled event sponsored by the Peace Fellowship will take place on November 5, when the play, “If This Be Treason,” will be presented in conjunction with the Wesley Players. Activity Round Tables Will Succjeed Former Leadership Schools Activities Bureau is planning to condqct a series of activity roundtables at various times during the year, the dates to be announced later. Jack Stewart, junior director, stated last night. The first of these meetings is to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union on October 31 at 7 p. m. The meeting will be of the informal roundtable type, giving members of the audience a chance to enter into the discussion. Discussion will be on personnel in activities and speakers will include Jack Walters, University personnel director; Ann Sickman WSGA president; and Herb Fishburn, Student ^enate pTesident. I Activities Problems iThe general purpose of the whole series of roundtable discussions is first, to acquaint the sophomore and junior activity workers with the problems that will be theirs if they are elected to senior positions, and second, to discuss topics of importance to all activities. In later meetings such topics as administration, financing and salesmanship, and their relative importance to activities will be discussed. The conferences are the successor tb the leadership school sponsored by Activities Bureau last year.
Over 1,000 Parents Expected For Dads' Day Game Saturday 400 Tickets Go On Sale In Union This Morning Dad’s Day will be celebrated next week-end on Saturday and Sunday as fathers and quite a few mothers of University students gather on the campus to attend the Dad’s Day program with the Purdue-Michigan State football game on Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock as the main attraction. Dr. Robert Phillips of the history, economics, and government and faculty advisor of the Parents^ Association, is expecting at least 1,000 parents to be here for the program to visit with their sons and daughters. Registration Saturday Registration begins Saturday morning at 8 o’clock in the Union building with informal campus tours scheduled during the morning. All will join for a limcheon in the ballroom of the Union at 1:45. The luncheon and program will be completed by 1 o’clock giving the parents ample time to get to the game. In order that all parents will have a seat at the game Saturday, a special block of 400 tickets will go on sale this morning in the great hall of the Union at 4 p. m. for the usual price of $2.75. Tickets will be on sale today until 5 o’clock and every day this week until all tickets are sold. No tickets will be reserved and terms will he cash. Passports are not necessary. The after-luncheon program will feature talks by President Edward C. Elliott, Paul Royster, president of the Parents’ Association, and Paul Cooper, president of the Student Union. Music for the affair will be presented by the Men’s Glee Club and Miss Alice Jeanne Miller, a student harpist. A smoker is scheduled Saturday evening for the Dads with the Zouave squad putting on a drill and a special musical program for the mothers. The usual mixer will be conducted in the ballroom from 9 to 12. Sigma Phi Epsiion . . . social fraternity announces the following initiates: F. H. Clark, Gary; R. E. Adams, Gary; D. M. Miller, Canton, O.; G. L. Alward, Canton, 0.; K. M. Wood, Jr., West Richfield, O.
Better Look Out Seniors; Frosh Are After Moustaches, Cords
By Jim Purcell “How long can I last before the fieshmen get me?” That’s the question in every senior’s mind this week. It’s cord and moustache week, and cords are at a premium and moustaches aren’t worth a damn. Freshmen hold the whip handle, or rather the razor handle, and as-yet-be-moustached seniors are on the dodge. Throughout Purdue’s traditions, cord week has been the before-im-pregnable senior’s downfall. After nursing their light brown peachfuzz through the summer, and after at last getting the moustaches to look good during the past five weeks of school with the help of a little eye-brow pencil and mascara, the seniors—^that is, some of them r—are about to lose their pride and joys, the cookie-dusters. The Question It’s not a question of whether the seniors will lose theif moustaches or not, it’s simply a question of how they will stand this acid test. Will they fight to resist the inevitable and get their lips slashed and their noses notched by the ra-zor-flourishing frosh, or will they cringe, and bow, and yield? Not our seniors! They’ll come home on their shields (even if in pieces) or not at all. Hide Those Cords As if the seniors didn’t have
enough trouble with their moustaches, they have their cords to worry about. Those bright yellow jobs, you know. The frosh are after them, too. This time the freshmen don’t want to actualy strip the seniors of their cords, they just want to find them. Every nook and cranny, and every other place that the seniors figure they can put their cords so that they’ll be “whqre the freshmen ain’t” will be filled. The only rule is that the frosh— if they find the cords—have to give them back before this Saturday noon. The seniors must have the cords then because just before the game the 40’s all paradie, sansmoustache or not, from the Electrical Engineering building up Northwestern street, past the Fieldhouse and into Rose-Ade Stadium via the cinder trackGo Get ’Em, Frosh The school in the University that has the largest percentage of seniors in the parade, in other words the school with the most seniors who have been able to take it, will be awarded the Young Cup, It's a grand and glorious tradition, and a lot of fun. Go get ’em, frosh! And to the seniors: Gentlemen: God be with you.• 2
THE PORDOE EXPONENT
Tuesday# October 17, 1939
* n
^ I
Senior Sweepstakes . . . with a job for every winner started last week when representatives of the Union Oil Company of California opened the interview season for job-seekers. Last year 125 companies sent representatives to Purdue to talk with seniors and graduate students about emplojrment. With the present business upswing, this year’s parade of interviewers should number even more companies, and seniors making a bid for employment will keep a careful eye on the parade. At no other time do seniors have an opportunity to interview prospective employers with such a minimum of effort. At the personnel office, the senior does not have to wait long hours for the executive to finish his “conference,” nor does the secretary very often say, “Sorry, try again tomorrow.” No long and expensive trips are necessary> for the employers now come to Purdue to seek their men. The Personnel Service cannot inform every senior personally of every interview^ “Personnel Notes” will appear in the Exponent, however, and more detailed information will be posted on the bulletin boards of the' schools concerned. It will be each senior’s individual job to see that he makes the most of the opportunities offered him. Men are chosen for interviews, as many as can be accommodated, by personnel representatives in the individual schools. These men are: Prof. C. L. Lovell, chemical engineering; Prof. J. L. Bray, metallurgical engineering; Prof. B. H. Petty, civil engineering; Prof. D.,L. Arm, mechanical engineering; Prof. D. T. Canfield, electrical engineering, and Dean H. E. Enders, science. A record is kept of the number of interviews each student has, in order that a handful of men do not have all the interviews. Preference is given a senior with a low number of interviews over one with a high number, if both students desire to talk to a certain company representative and only one can be accommodated. The Personnel Office has suggested that each senior select the companies he wants to interview and write in advance for an appointment when the company representative visits Purdue. This will in most cases insure the interview, whether the senior is chosen for the in-
But
By Romanoff Strange species these Boilermakers. The moon was high ... the air was scSnted with the odors of Indian summer on the range ... we left the Triple X to mope our weary way home . . . through the magical night on the wings of some kind of a carrier wave came great hunks of semi-sweet music. Yes . . . clear a^ a bell . . . a guitar with two strings and a ukelele with one string. Searching for the origin of these weird rhythms, our eye (the other one closed at 12 o’clock) wandered up to the roof of a porch across the street. Barely distinguishable were two homesick faces . . . next discernable were two cowboy hats of the 10 gallon variety, resting above the two weary faces. * * * ' We asked ’em why they didn’t stay down on the range where the bull and the cantalope roam. * * 1^0 answer ... no more music . . . success! Whenever we feel the urge for a good roar of laughter we think back to the movie “Espionage Agent.” To open the show the directors used the old newspaper headline stuff . . . every fictitious paper from Maine to Nevada was flashed on the screen filled with streamer after streamer like “U. S. Gunboat Mysteriously Sunk” ... “Airplane Factory Bombed” . . . “Munitions Plant Razed.”^ Then the payoff , , , a sti’eamer cynically reading: “Sabotage Suspected.” sH :)< !)! ■ Too bad cords aren’t as easy to hide as some of the four-year men’s cookie dusters ... There’s going to be a lot of disappointed seniors on cord day . . . prancing up and down before the frosh section hoping one of the rhinies will pay him the supreme honor of noticing and removing the two dozen odd hairs that have been so carefully nourished since last June. * We’re going to use mascara on ours. Just to make sure. terview from the list of those desiring the appointment or not. The race for jobs is a merry game. Students are anxious to secure the best job they are offered, and employers are anxious to hire the most' promising of their interview-prospects. Frank discussion by both parties of issues concerned will deal the best results to student arid employer alike.
OoksL
of the
PtxmpJULA
He Thinks Bad To the Editorial Director: In answer to your recent reprinted editorial, I say: We Think It’s Bad It’s tragic how the fascists can call their shots, and yet escape with consistent success. The leaders of the totalitarian nations can unite and outline their plans to dominate the democracies in considerable detail, doing this in speech and print; yet the people of the democracies will continue to behave with asininity! The dictators won’t permit tolerance, yet the fools who are their targets will not only permit the dictators to propagandize in their country, but also argue for them. Guinn’s argument amounts to a mouse defending a cat. So Jack Guinn calls wars a fight for trade monopoly? Here again totalitarian propaganda has deceived the gullible. Wasn’t it Hitl.er who raved to the Maginot men that “the rich plutocratic powers started the war?” According to these, economic explanations of war, Morgan sank the Lusitania to save his investments; now greedy duPont comes along to sink the Athenia to save his money. Guinn type of pacifists put the blame of war on traders, explaining that profit had to be protected, But if capitalists get us into war, why shouldn’t they, likewise, work toward peace at any price ? Using this profit stimulus argument, capitalists ought to be Oxford Gathers since prosperity is enhanced by war. These childish “Oxford oathers” give me a pain. I would personally like to see them sent as exchange students (non-returnable) to Germany. Let them, then, undermine Naziism, if they are permitted to roam out of a concentration camp, instead of staying here and weakening us. I admit, I’m not smart enough to understand how this Extreme type of pacifist is permitted to propagandize. Sincerely yours, E. A. SROKA, PSE ’41. P. S.—Since you’re probably one
of these unpredictable pacifists, you woixldn’t print this letter—even expurgated. I do wish, however, that you print another editorial which doesn’t show us students to the nation as impractical, silly people. I’m tired of having the people back home think of us as college joes, Oxford oathers, etc. E. A. S.
Ed. Director’s Note: “ITiipredlctable pacifist” fools Mr. Sroka. The letter was edited because of space limitations, but not “expuTKated.” We only wish the editorial had been origrinal with us.
Personiiel Notes
Company: General Electric Co. Representatives: Messrs. Allen, Tumy and Adams. "Visiting Purdue: Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, October 19, 20, and 21. Group Meeting: Thursday afternoon, October 19; E.E. lecture room 4 o’clock for all senior mechanical and electrical engineers interested in the General Electric Company. Interviews: Available for (1) all ME and EE seniors graduating at mid-semesters on Thursday; (2) interviews in small groups available on Friday for ME and EE seniors graduating in June._ Information: All those interested in this company should obtain an application blank now from the main office of either the ME or the EE school, fill it out and hand it in at the personnel service, ground floor of the Executive building not later than Tuesday, October 17. Information on General Electric may be obtained in the personnel service. Gold Peppers To Complele Chrysanihemum Sale Plans Plans for selling gold balloons and chrysanthemums at the Dad’s Day football game this Saturday will be completed at the Gold Peppers meeting this afternoon at 6 o’clock in room A of the Union. Margaret Mitchell, president of the organization, has announced that all fraternities and sororities who have not yet ordered balloons must do so immediately, in order that deliveries may be made in time for Saturday’s game. All freshman girls should pur^ chase their green hair ribbons at the door of.the Sweet Shop before Saturday afternoon.
1 WBAA I Today 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—^Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:15—Arsene Summers, contralto 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Songs and Melodies 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Musical Moments 2:15—Virginia Reed, violinist 2:30—You and Your Child 2 :.45—Treasure Chest 3:00—The Voice of Industry 3:15—Paul Mitchell, popular songs 3:30—Glen Paxton, organist 4:00—Heralds of Destiny 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4:46—Story Book Hour
NOW SHOWING ca"® ■
A
FUN LOADED
SHOW!
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
MIWSBOYSJ^
A NEW mnmi pimsi
— WITH — JACKIE COOPER 'LITTLE TOUGH GUYS' — AND — "IN OLD MEXICO" — WITH — WILLIAM BOYD —ALSO — "FLYING G-MEN"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Llelity
In thinking-, over last week-end, we have come to one conclusion; the fact remains that “Goldiggers” lasts only one day ... so get out the billfold, suckers, hard times are coming. \ B & B Phi Psi “Stay At Homes” C. Smith—“We had a fight.” ' J. Wolff—^“She turned me down for a trip to Minnesota.” D. Fisher—“Just went into training.” S. Mossberg—“Can’t leave my Million Dollar Enterprise.” J. C. Van Horn—“After all, I am a student.” V. Hill—“Someone has to keep the Freshmen on the ball.” D, Shadford—“The plane from Denver is delayed.” B. Baughman—“An afternoon in the Claypool upset my evening.” Ed’s Note: We would like to hear some more favorite excuses from some of the other houses on the campus. Some of the excuses our co-eds use to get out of dates would be well worth hearing ... IF TRUE. B <S^ B Dear B & B: Why did BILL DUNSHEE leave the dark shadows of the entrance to the Physics building Sunday evening about 6:30 o’clock? Not only that, but he tried to pull her back after we passed . . . the rat. Hopefully, Mickey & Minnie Mouse. B&B Dear Mice: If you insist on asking such stupid questions, we will humor you with the same kind of answers. He probably left the shadows because it was getting too dark, and Willie is afraid in the dark. It is the opinion of my staff of experts that he pulled her back because she was sweet and some mice with a sweet tooth were passing by. Your ever loving, B&B Editor. B&B We won’t make any remarks as to the outcome of Saturday’s “cornhusking” party, but it would be interesting to hear JOHNNY DEAN and ROSS DREVER tell about the Purdue-Minnesota football game results. Theta Alpha Phi . . . national dramatic honorary, announces the pledging of the following: Dick Pink, Lewis Morrison, William Spreuer, Benton Burns, Sam Wells, George Glover, Charles Hart, Bernice Beisel, Janet Greger, Lans Hinrichs as student pledges and John Dietrich as faculty pledge. As Advertised
in Esquire
MONARCH LEATHER JACKETS
See this beautiful large assortment of suede, cape, goat, and pony leathers in all styles before you buy. Priced $6.00 up.
43oDf, 1939 hr jolted FteUare Syndicate, In^ • " fat. Teemed
10^7
‘Your movies were lovely, Mrs. Truffle, and thank you so much for the dish.”
Six Cadet Officers To Receive Medals At the first cadet officers’ luncheon to be held October 17 in the Union ballroom, seven awards for exceptional work in military science and tactics will be given. Albert Smith trophy medals for ' the most general improvement during the junior year will be presented to J. E. Dailey, gold; W. J. Tornehl, silver; and W. M. Hilt, bronze. Albert Smith trophy medals for the highest relative standing at the end of summer camp will be awarded to Cadet Col. L. L. Lyles, gold; Cadet Col. H. G. Kolb, silver; and Cadet Col. F. H. Hurst, bronze. The Field Artillery Association medal for last year’s most outstanding junior will be awarded to' Cadet Col. L. L. Lyles.
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley .■Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, S038: 'Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at Uie post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage pro▼Ided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc.. 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
UtMKfiTU TODAY-WEDNESDAY
mmmmm m HIS HIST mmi nmwi, .ROLir
V
mp HM taaaaNMMd rfiKavsai pt‘‘nm lalM C«av ROIANOmi —EXTRA— News Pictures of ; Purdue-Minnesofa ' Game
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
WALLACE
AFIDAT
with CHESTER V9RGSNSA M0II8IS • aREy
LUNA
TODAY-WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
cew # ^ ^
P THE campus/ ry GRABLE ‘
MILLiOHAoi,
.U6S
'^^'♦-lacliiECojgflTuesday. October 17. 1939
£xponsmL fiaqsL
Ed Holderman Captures First Honors In Cross-Country Meet At Pittsburgh Pacing the entire field to the finishing tape, lanky Ed Holderman, Riveter runner, won his first cross-country race last Saturday against Pittsburgh, although his superior efforts failed to carry the Boilermakers through for a victory. A well-bal-anced Panther squad scored heavily in the first seven places to win the meet, 23 to 32.
Completing the hilly Pitt course in 20 minutes and 54 seconds, Holderman, a junior, finished slightly more than a minute in advance of Sterner, Pitt’s strongest contender. This race marked Holderman’s first bid for cross country honors, although he was the leading miler on the track squad last spring. A thrilling neck and neck struggle over the last leg of the course carried Pitt’s Mauwal over tlje finish line into third place three seconds before Chuck Reeves, Boilermaker veteran. Panther thinlies captured the next three places, but
their domination was again interrupted by Mac White, Riveter junior, who crowded into eighth place. Comparing this meet with last year’s reveals a much better Boilermaker performance. In that meet Pitt romped to the tape with the first five places before a Boilermaker entered the stretch. ’Jwo years ago at Pittsburgh the situation was equally embarrassing, when the Panthers sped over the knolls in dominating fashion to hand the Gold and Black thinlies a sound trouncing.
All-Campus Badminton Tourney Starts Today' Opening the all-campus badminton tournament, the first round of competition begins today. If entrant is unable to play at the time listed on the schedule, arrangements should be made with the other opponeht to play the match by Thursday, October 19. Schedule for opening round: 4 p. m.—M. 5. Holleb vs. D. Douglass. 5 p. m.—W.J. Miller vs. Jim Crutchfield. 7 p. m.—^R.B. North Vs. G. H. Singer Jim Mann vs. D. P. Shedd J. H. Shaw vs. W. J. Hendrickson D. L. Mann vs. A. E. Jones C. M. Murray vs. K. W. Amstutz C. P. Sparks vs. J. Kalbfleisch H. Goldstein vs. ^ob Winship.
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios. Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the tbp of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 9:00 a. m.. each imoming. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appointment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
8:25 Dudley, R. L. 4:35 Duggleby, E. B. 3:35 Dulivich, N. C. 3:30 Dunshee, W. E. 10:10 Dunn, F. V. 2:00 Dunn, Ruth 2:05 Dunwoody, Esther 9:10 Dyer, R. H. 1 :30 Dygut, Bernadette 10:55 Ebbeler, D. H. 4:40 Eberhard, H: E. 9:15 Eckstein, P. W. 10:50 Edwards, C. G. 1:00 Edwards, P. W. 1 :05 Eggebrecht, E. T. 8:30 Eichelberg, S. 4:45 Eilering, J. G. 9:50 Elbourn, R. D. 1:10 Ellis, Martha 3:00 Elmlinger, Andrew 2:10 Elson, C. R. 1 :55 Haines, D. L. I 1 :00 Hall, C. N. 3:50 Hallett, R. W. 8:10 Hamilton, R. L. 2:45 Hansen, R. R. 9:20 Hayne, D. C. II :30 Hearne, G. N. 8:50 Heath, Donald 1 1 :35 Heath, L. M. 10:40 Hebbeler, j. A. 1:15 Heckman, J. R. 4:50 Heckman, T. P. 10:35 Hedden, W. D. 1 :20 Hedderich, H. E. 3:25 Hedges, F. C. 3:20 Heeter, John - 1 1 :40 Heidbreder, C. A. 1 :25 Heilman, j. E. 10:30 Heine, Patricia 4:55 Heiple, D. K. 10:15 Heiss, S. J. 10:25 Heitent, G. C. 2:30 Helbig, H. F. 9:25 Heilman, R. H. 10:25 Henderson, C. M. 9:30 Henderson, G. T. 1 1 :45 Henderson, Katherine 3:15 Henderson, O. S. 3:10 Henkel, R.C. 2:15 Hennis, T. E. 1 1 :50 Henman, D. 2:20 Henninger, Doris 3:05 Herschelman, E. C. 9:35 Hess, G. M. 1 1 :55 Heubner, H. W. 8:45 Higa, K. 2:25 Hill, M. C. 8:35 Hinshaw, J.E. 9:45 Kupke, M. F. 8:40 Ledern, E. H. 9:40 Lyles, L. 3:55 Minkler, H.L. 8:55 Robertson, L. S. 10:45 Sherman, D. A.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17
9:20 10:30
Schellhase, F. A. Schleicher, S. R.
4:00
Denlinger, W. E.
3:35
Schmidt, L. W.
1:05
Hallstein, D. W.
11 :45
Schnake, E. A.
10:45
Hamer, E. F.
2:35
Schomatheimer, R. E.
1:15
Hardin, ."'D.
1:20
Schooley, H. E.
9:05
Harper, R. H.
10:25
Schory, Carroll A.
8:15
Harpster, W. R.
4:40
Schrader, E. C.
4:10
Harris, T. A.
3:30
Schrader, R. J.
8:20
Harruff, R. B.
4:45
Scheiber, R. H.
4:15
Hartley, R. L.
2:30
Schriber, P.
1 1 :50
Hastings, R. F.
3:25
Schryver, H. C.
11:55
Hathaway, 0. C.
9:25
Schulte, H. F.
4:50
Haverkamp, L.
1:35
Schurman, Marjorie
8:25
Hawthorne, R. P.
1:30
Schwab, Edna W.
11:00
Mishler, D. H.
9:30
Schweidler, j. F.
10:00
Mitchell, R. A.
2:25
Scott, Caroline
10:55
Mock, R. R.
4:55
Scott, J. W.
11:05
Moehling, j. P.
3:20
Scully, P.
10:05
Moller, C. G.
2:20
Seale, R. P.
8:00
Molzahn, E. L.
3': 15
Sears, G. F.
10:50
Moninger, R. H.
1:25
Sefton, Mary Joan
1:00
Monson, H. 0.
3:10
Seibert, Margie
8:55
Montague, F. H.
2:15
Sexson, Ella Lou
3:55
Montgomery, Evadine
2:00
Sexton, Margaret
2:55
Moore, Ed. B.
2:05
Shackleton, A. R.
1:55
Moore, J. F.
3:05
Shade, W. R.
2:50
Moorhead, Martha ].
3:00
Shank, G. A.
8:50
Morgan, A. H.
2:10
Sheliaborger, D. P.
1:10
Morgan, F. M.
9:55
Wray, D. R.
10:10
Morgenroth, D. E.
9:50
Yarber, R. F.
11:10 11:15
Morley, Robert M. Morningstar, A. E.
1:50
Zimmerman, R. W.
8:05 9:45
Morris, Janette Morris, Wm.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18
9:00
Morrison, L. E.
1 :50
Dellinger, H. C.
10:15
Mortensen, D. S.
2:55
Del Valle, H. M.
8:45
Motz, D.
4:00
De Mars, R. B.
10:40
Mowry, B. S.
8:00
Dembmski, L. J.
8:10
Mroz, J. A.
2:50
Demoret," Lucy
8:40
Muehihausen, R. J.
4:05
Denzier, Frank
10:20
Mullen, F.
8:05
De Vault, lleen
10:35
Mumford, T. F,
10:00
Devol, B. J.
2:45
Munk, J. W.
1 :45
De Witt, Nina
4:05
Murdock, K.
4:10
Dickstem, J. j.
11 :20
Murphy, F.
9:00
Dietz, G. W.
8:35
Murphy, P.
1 :40
Diffley, P. J.
9:10
Murray, W. H.
11 :05
Dingle, Robert
11 :25
Myer, J. D.
9.05
Dinkius, S. K.
8:30
Myer, Jayne
2:40
Disterdick, R. H.
3:50
Myers, A. L.
1 1 :10
Dix, Estelle
3:45
Myers, Floy
3:45
Doan,Jack A.
9:15
Myers, Jane
3:40
Dolan, J. P.
1 :45
Myers, Margaret E.
4:15
Donahue, R. W.
11:30
Myers, M. E.
8:15
Donovan, J. T.
2:40
Mytinger, W. H.
4:20
Doud, K. E.
4:20
Saboff, G.
8:20
Douglas, G. R.
11 :35
Sailer, H. A.
4 1 :15
Downen, C. W.
4:25
Salzarulo, A. C.
11:20
Downen, Doris
3:40
Saltzman, H.
10:05
Downey, F. B.
4:30
Samuelson, D. A.
1 1 :25
Downing, j. L.
9:40
Sanders, E. L.
4:25
Drabing, L. G.
9:35
Sanders, W. J.
1 :35
Draper, Max
11:40
Sanky, Geneva Rose
2:35
Drever, J. R.
1 :40
Sarmg, D. H.
9:55
Dring, R. W.
4:35
Schaefer, J. F.
4:30
Duckworth, 0.
mo
(Dsh/diu “QampIsdsL QampuA,
Richards Downs Mangold In Finals Of Tennis Tourney Fred Richards won the all-cam-pus tennis title yesterday afternoon by downing Tom Mangold in straight sets, 6-2, 6-3. Richards will receive a tropiiy for his victory while Mangold gets a medal for advancing to the finals. Both men had previously won their class tournaments earlier this fall, Richards in the junior-senior division, Mangold in the sophomore class. This leaves only one campus tennis tournament: the mixed doubles uncompleted in the fall activities of the intramural department. Ducats For Indiana Game Near Sell-Out The supply of tickets for the Indiana football game on November 25 is dwindling. Bob Woodworth warns that all fans who want tickets for that game must apply immediately at the Fieldhouse. The price of the ducats stands at three dollars.
Riveter Gridmen Prepare For Spartans Invasion Suffering- only two minor injuries in the sixty minute tussle with the “so-called” maulers" from Minnesota the Riveter grid juggernaut returned to practice yesterday to begin preparation for the game with the mighty Spartans from Michigan State. The exhibitions given by the players in this week’s practice sessions and in the game Saturday will,^ for the most part, determine the squad which will make the trip to California to meet Santa Clara October 28.
Another Rossi
Tonight
... at 7:30 o’clock in room C of the Union, Alpha Lambda Delta, the national honorary for freshman women, will hold its pledging. The following nine sophomore women have filled its scholastic requirements : Mary Barnard, Mary Jane Bird, Charlotte Braude, Margaret Carsonj Helen Conder, Mary Ann Congleton, Margaret Magley, Mildred Owens, and Cecelia Witty. I-M Schedules
TOUCHBALLr—Today Field Official 1— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Mann 2— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Acacia. Leppla 3— Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Kappa Lalnbda. Witsman > 4— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Juillard 5— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. • Pauley 6— Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Theta Chi. Papurca 1—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Delta TJpsilon. Plotkin 8—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Ryan
Official
(Cary Hall 4 or Cary
SOFTBALL—Today
Field
12—Cary Hall 10 vs
Hall 9). Greey
14—Ward 5 vs. Ward 27. Adams 16—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi or Tau Kappa Epsilon. Goldstein
18—^Fl vs. A4.
Don Rossi, brainy quarterback for the invading Spartans, will raise the number of the Rossi contingent descending on Ross-Ade Stadium this Saturday to three. Brothers A1 and Italo, stellar Riveter linemen, complete the trio of Rossi’s. Our sympathy is with the sports announcers who must keep the fans in line with the actions of the right Rossi. Reamer Club Pledges Johnston, Anderson i Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary for independent men, last night announced honorary fall pledges to be T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, and W. C. (Doc) Anderson, Purdue alumnus and Lafayette business man.
Sensaiioiial New Liquid Lipstick
Now... it's so easy to give yourseif modem movie star lips! —and they'ii reaiiy stay on—
MAKE THE KISS TEST' to prove IT WON’T RUB OFF u
Leak-proof crystal clear flacon with applicator, smartly designed to carry In your purse. « s « .
Your dream has finally come true. Here, at last, is lip'color so utterly loyal it hugs your lips in absolute defiance of anything that might tempt it to desert. Color so truly lasting that even the longest evening will not dim the intensity of its charm. It can’t smear; won’t rub off. Unbelievable? Almost. Yet, as surely true as you, yourself. And what wonders it does for the lipsl Soothes them . . . preserves their natural moisture . . . protects them from the ravages of sun and wind... lets them stay young. Such is the magic of LIQUID Lip Tone. You will adore this lovely liquid lipstick. It will make you so much more adorable. At least one of the many shades is exactly right for you.
LOCB & M C NC COMPANY
Given Rest All players seeing action in the Minnesota game were excused early from practice. The remainder of the squad were divided into two evenly matched elevens, who conducted a full game scrimmage under the close scrutiny of the coaching staff. “Many persons are under the impression that the game was a moral victory for the Purdue team,” said Head Coach Mai Elward, while discussing the Minnesota game. “Purdue teams and Purdue coaching staffs have never believed in moral victories, in fact there is no such thing. Saturday’s game was no moral victory for either foe. We either win or we lose.” Should Have Won “However,” he continued, “the whole team believes that we should have won the game, and would have won if we had received a couple of breaks. “Saturday’s game was the team’s game,” Mai added. “Of course there are always some outstanding members of any squad, but they are outstanding only so far as the other members of the team malfe them so.” Brock Better Lou Brock, stellar halfback, seems to have overcome the jinx of his bad ankle and is speedily rounding into his old form, for which he won nation-wide acclaim last season. Fullback Leon DeWitte and Lineman A1 Rossi are the only Riveters limping in the grid camp this week, and it is highly probable that they will have recovered sufficiently to see considerable action in this week’s battle. DeWitte is suffering from a bad shoulder and Rossi is favoring a leg injury incmrred in the battle with the Golden Gophers. Angry Spartans Charlie Bachman, a former teammate of Mai Elward of Notre Dame, will bring his grid charges to Purdue this Saturday still frothing at the mouth over the unusual penalty inflicted on them by the officials which allowed a strong Marquette team to eke out a slim three-point victory. The Spartan eleven, recognized as one of the grid powers of the Middle West, was forced to stand idle 10 yards beyond the Marquette line while the Hilltoppers took advantage of a free kick ruling to kick the goal which was the deciding factor in the game. The dominance of the Spartans over the all mighty Wolverines in the second half of the battle bespeaks the power of the Michigan State eleven. “Michigan State has been improving very much and will be another exceptionally hard game in our exceptionally hard schedule,” remarked Coach Elward. Band Gives Exhibition i At Indiana Corn Festival Highlighting the Satui’day program of the second Indiana Corn Festival held at Fowler, the Purdue military band gave exhibitions of marching in the afternoon, and in the evening played a two-hour concert of marches. After the concert M. D. Butler of Fowler, captain and assistant director of the band in 1915, secured admission to the comhuskers’ ball for all band members desiring to dance with the queens of the festival. Following the afternoon parade Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the band, led a massed band of 360 high school musicians ?rom seven towns.
All Seniors
. .. not having received postcards informing them of their time of sitting for Debris pictures, should report at once to the desk outside the Debris wox'kshop, according to A1 Williamson, junior editor in charge.V^ 1^ ■< ^f;*'A.#I»■^ ^
if
ill
p< 4 I* ^ nrt-^4-^ ■#*. ^ J 4l ^HP ¥
■iSfv
■■■V
THE PURDHE EXPC^EHT
Tuesday< October 17. 1939
Dr. Sdieuch, Frafernily Consultant, Assumes Post Named last year as consultant on fraternity affairs for the University, Dr. Frederick C. Scheuch, Battle Creek, Mich., has arrived on the campus to spend the next month or two conferring with local chapters and their officers. Dr. Scheuch, a distinguished graduate, ME ’93, was vice-president of the University of Montana for many years, prior to his,' retirement a few years ago. . Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . announces the formal initiation of Ellis D. Verink, Indianapolis, and Robei-t Mefford, Lebanon.
Fraternities and Sonorities: All house managers who have not ordered Gold Pepper balloons, do so immediately from LiShy Barmes at the Woman’s Residence Hall, south. —MITCHELL.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT—Large, downstairs, private entrance, new home. 35271.
BOARD AND ROOMS—Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416. FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 608 Main Street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—A green tweed, Strauss topcoat with a removable lining, taken from SPE pledge dance Saturday night by mistake. A green Rochester topcoat left in its place. Call Petty. 5021. LOST—Waltham watch, chain, knife. Sigma Xi key, Yale band charm. Room 211, Union. Reward.
LOST—Old K. & E. slide rule with cracked glass. Call Hopkins, 8407.
LOST—Kappa Sigma fraternity pin. Reward. Call 4031. E. L. Molzahn. MISCELLANEOUS MUSICIANS—Can use tenor sax and trumpet men who can ride. Call 2428.
WANTED—To buy K. & E. log-log-deci-trig slide-rule. Call Hopkins at 8407.
NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Military Ball Committee; Meeting in Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 17—BUTTERFIELD.
Ceres: Regular meeting in Agriculturist room of Union at 7 :30 p. m., Tuesday, October 17. Full attendance required. —NICKEY.
Union Sophomores: Committee meeting Tuesday, October 17, at 4 p. m. in the Union office: Carpenter, Frazee, Kappel, Mavfield, Peterson, Shaver, Wolff, Strange, Throckmorton, Ostrander, Bromeley, Hawkins, Kern, Moon, Sacksteder. —BENNETT.
Gold Peppers: Meeting of all members Tuesday, October 17, at 5 p. m. in room A of the Union. —MITCHELL.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Practice in Tower room at 7:80 p: m., Tuesday, October 17. Probably will not last over one hour. —ARCHIBALD.
Pnrdne Undergraduate Dames: A meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 17, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room F of the Union. —DENZLER
Cancellations: Students who wish rto cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OF MEN.
Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M, E. 81 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m.. Saturday, December 9, 1939. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undetsigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
s^a: , evening, October 18, at 7 :80 in room F of the Uidon.' All student and faculty members please be present. —MoCAMMON-
Christian Science Organization: A Christian Science lecture in Fowler Hall Tuesday, October 17, at 8 p. m. will take the place of the organization meeting. —FRANTZREB.
PIA Dance Class: Luther, Gnidek, Quinn, Whitson, Stone, Vanderllp, Boeh, Hanson, Jockewicz, Karasdi, Shanower, Gochel, Bis-^ bing, Kelley register with ine for dance class before Tuesday night, October 17. —LUTi?.
Hoof and Horn: 'lliere will be. a meeting in room 118 of the Agriculture Hallr on Tuesday, October 17, at 7 p. m. laection of officers is scheduled and there will be several speakers. _ ^ ^ —MILLS.
PIA Dance Class: First class will meet at 7 p, m. Tuesday, October 17, in the Memorial Gymnasium. Bring your ticket and PIA membership card. —LUTZ
Dolphin Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 4 p. m., in Dick’s office at the pool. —^HARRIS.
Football Ushers and Policemen: All the men listed below please report to the Fieldhouse at 7 p. m., Wednesday, October 18, for preliminary instructions. Men not reporting will not be given jobs so it’s important that you are there. Football Ushers—R. F. Abell, H. A. Alter, L. E. Aull; V. J. Anhorn, V. W. Antucshko, W. D. Banker, R. A. Baske, L. Bauer, G. E. Baumle, D. N. Beaty, R. R. Bedwell, R. D. Best, R. A. Blank, G. R. Bloomquist, D. V. Bremerman, L. G. Bussell, E. H. Chatham, R. L. Claff, J. Comer, R. A. Compton, J. T. Conrad, H. J. Crawford, A, Z. Crawford, R! S. Crog, C. Crump, J. Crump, J, De La Croix. J. J. Denzler, W. Dice, E. R. Doty, H.'O. Drabenstott, J. A. Edwards, G. G. Ference, L. E. Freyman, A. V. Gaulke, W, L*. Gaulke, J. E. Glardon, R. P. Green, j. W, Henderson, T. J. Herrick, R. S. Hibbets, R, L. Hibbs, L. E. Hiddle, P. W. Hobson, F. Hopping, R. Igney, R. W. Jarvis, T. F. Jelnick, R. C. Joorfetz. R. B. Keene, R. H. Kellog, A. J. Kochlas, S. G. Kona, C. E. Kron, V. M. Lamoureaux, C. A. Livengood, J. W. Leafgreen, M. V. L’Heureux, L. E. Lucas, R. A. MacGregor, J. R. McGuire, W. E. McMillen, K. Machacek, L. V. March, G. D. Meid, L. R. Melser, C. W. Messersmith, E. H, Mesterharn, W, Miller, J. D. Mills, C. O. Mock, R. J. Myers. H. Nickey, A. Noblet, P. T. Pauline, W, E. Peffer, S. R. Peterson, P. L. Petrich, C. A. Poek, J. A. Powell, W. Pozer, F. N. Prater, W. L. Rariek, C. C. Reeves, C. H. Rechenback, A. M. Reguly, R. Riggs, R. Riley. G. Schick, E. E. Schnetzler, R. R. Scobee, E. Shapiro, G. Shulman, J. L, Simmons, H. Smallen, Charles Smith, W. J. Smith, H. A. Soller, C. Sparks, W. Summer, N. Steel, A. C: Stone, J. W. Strong, W. W. Stroyeck, L. K. Swing, D. Terrio, L. Tussing, D. D. Utter, J. R. Vanberford, J. Vernon, F. M. Vollmer, J. A. Walker, W. C. Walker, W. J. Waterhouse, J. M. Walters, F. Weber, R. J. Wente, F. Wickberg, G. S. Winn, W. F. Wildish, C. H. Witter, J, Wolford, J. Wright, J. E. Wunderley, H. C. Young. Football Policemen—J. Allegretto, P. B. Anthony, R. E. Bailey, R. C. Basenfelder, F. F. Beretta, M. Blair, D. F. Blember, R. L. Britt, W. K. Burnsides, W. R. Carson, H. Caser, G. Dilts, R. Duncan, J. A. Emmert, R. W. Fleckinger, M. Gantz, J. H. Green, G. W. Hearne, T. P. Hobbs, H. Hoffman, C. E. Johnson, J. G. Kalbfleisch, R. D. Keim, R. C. Kemp, L. G, King, G, J. Koskinas, F. Krampe, J. M. Kurtz, R. Lambert, W. L. Leifheit, W. L. Lingerman. H. P. McFerren, K. C. McLaughlin, L. McMurtrey, J. R. McCurtrey, R. J. Massoth, F. B, Meinke, P. D. Mitchell, F. Montana, E. P. Navta, W. R. Palmer, H. Payne, J. P. Pfaff. H. Pyle, J. Raymond, J. Ridgeway,. R. W. Saunders, W. Scabong, W. D. Seeley, C. E. Smith, W. F. Smith, R. L. Stallings, K. Streeter, N. R. Swartz, J. Varos, W. Walton, R. A. Wargo, R. J. Winner, F, G. Witsman, G. B. Young, C. Corn, D. Johnson, D. Bradac, S. Werngen, D. Brindle, S. C. Sperlang, V. J. Clodfelter, C. A. Seler, P. J. Carr, E. A. Wegener, E, Nordell, W. Powell, W. McLannan, G. Tiffy, J. Grassel. Alternates—H. Andrewson, R. Doran, U. D. Harmes, L. J. Haverkamp, L. V. Higdon, R. D. Jordan, Phil Jordan, W. C. Mast, E. Probst, W. A. Sherrer. '^LOMMELL.
Chemical Engineering Seniors: All seniors please be present at Chemical and Metallurgical building at 12:45 p. m., Saturday, October 21, for the cord parade. Let’s win the trophy this year. —OMOHUNDRO. Distinguished Howitzer Squad: Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulcoher or Major V^ite at the Armoir before 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 25. Each entry will list by name the Executive and Assistant Executive, both jtiniors, and the Chief of Section and Gunner, both sophomores. It will also list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeurs, all sophomores. Names once submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, named above. Entries will be accepted in the order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received. —FAULCONER.
FreshmanDasketi^al] Candidates: Follow ing report Tuesday and Thursday. All othtrs will report Monday, Wednesday, and Friday: Barkley, Bauer, Blackburn, Briggs, Carroll, Comer, Crump, Dickman, Duncan, Fields, Hafer, Hoffman, Johnson, C. Keifer, Krampe, Pyle, Raymond, Riley, Seaborg, Sparks, Stover, Sumner, Wickburg, and Wolford. (10-18) ' —LAMBERT. Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to: take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (10-22) —^HARDING Senior Mechanicals: Meet at the Mechanical Engineering building at 1 p. m. Saturday, October 21, for Senior Day Parade. A 100 per cent attendance is expected in competition for trophy. —DUCKWORTH
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of fall pledges Tuesday, October 17, at 7 :80 p. m. in Chemical building, room 106. All members please attend. —HALL. Alpha Lambda Delta Actives: ’ Pledging Tuesday, October 17, at 7:16 p. m. in room C of the Union. Full attendance expected. —CARPENTER.
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE. Indiana State Teachers’ Association: Memberships in the Indiana State Teachers’ Association are available in the general office of the Education and Applied Psychology Office. See Mrs. Wlckersham. The cost of tickets is $2.00 which includes the price of Indiana Teacher. (10-19) —McCOMB.
The Tops
m
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4 th and Ferry Lafayette
Seniors!! Are you fully equipped for Senior Day? We are ready and willing to fulfill your every need. Your minimum essentials for October 21st. The DERBY—a definitely individual hat ........50c The GORDS—the pride of every senior. (Zipper front, slide rule pocket)..... $4.00 The CANES—the iusignia of every senior........... 50c DEWENTER’S
416 Main
Phone 3801
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
• Student Senate: Members and workers meet in room A Tuesday, October 17, at 7 :30 p. m. —DANIEL.
Independent Staff: Get assignments from bulletin board dog any time after 4 p. m., Tuesday, October 17. ■—SELKOWITZ. Radio Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. on Tuesday, October 17, in room 254 of the EE building. —PATTERSON.
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group and cabinet will be taken Sunday morning,. October 22, following the morning service at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Make special effort to attend. —SWANSON. ,
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a meeting in room C of the Union on Friday, October 20. A short program, followed by refreshments, is planned. Everyone is invited. —SHIEKEL.
WBAA: Important meeting for announcing staff Thursday, October 19, at 7 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering building. Refreshments; —MILLER. Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 7:30 p. m. at the Poultry building. All Agriculture students who are interested may attend. Short course students are especially invited. Film “Vitamins on Parade,” sound and technicolor. —SEARCY.
HIGHER GRADES The feRow who watches his personal appearance, always scores higher than the indifferent one. ' Use Grown Cleaning Service Regularly Ck9WN Immia N E C L E AN ERS OF FI NE CLOTH'eS
...SEND your laundry home by CO nven lent Railway Express
Thrifty idea, thisiTt saves you bother, and cash too, for you can expfess it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call (or your weekly package, speed it away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana 1839 ... A Century of Service... 1939 railway Express AOENCY, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Dalphin Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 18, in Dick’s office, Fieldhouse. Fall pledging. —HARRIS. Sophomore Senate Workers: Stiers, Alstradt, Spunich, Yoder, North, please report to room A at 4 p. m., Tuesday, October 17. —STEWART.
Green Potter Elections: All petitions for Green Potters offices must be returned by 6 p. m. Wednesday, October 18. —DIBOS.
Junior Military Students: The associated military stores will deliver junior advanced course military uniforms on 'Wednesday, October 18. All juniors will please report to supply room on that date. —CAPT. HOLMES.
All Senior Ags: Meeting in the Agriculture Hall at 4 p. m. to discuss plans for the senior parade Saturday. Be there.
'(^omplsdsL QampJULL.
Qooahjou^ SWOMOBESj of All Classes
Eta Kappa Nu: There will be a meeting on Thursday, October 19, at 7:30 p. m. in the old Agriculturist’s office in the Union building. —KEEN. Alpha Zeta: Meeting at 7 p. m. Wednesday. October 18, in Reception room of Union. —HITCHCOCK.
Whether a Senior, Junior, Sophomore or Freshman, you will see yourself in the 1940 DEBRIS. After you have graduated (?) your DEBRIS will ever be a source of pleasant memories.
Student Directory: Copies of the proof of the complete student list of the University directory are posted in the lobby of the Executive building, first floor, and are available at the reference desk in the library, and in the Union. All students are requested to check that part of the proof which concerns them personally and in case corrections or changes are necessary, call at the registrar’s office and report necessary changes, (10-17) —STONE. Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday. October 17. at 7:30 p. m. Chance to pass of tests. —SPEARS.
mo
(JDeJbjuA,
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplieui
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phono 5701
"DEAC" Everything for |d College EducaticMT
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19V'2^Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
• Tailor
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts. • Jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGERINN 808 Main St, 5c P|E SOUP COFFEE 5c