I t i if
/"7'M \ "’-v lYiTTYr 6,
Glee Club Enters First National Competition
Pearson, Allen Tell Of Pearl Harbor Submarine Sinking
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 149
West Lafayeti'e, Indiana
Tuesday, March 24, 1942
Exponent Electoral Board Names New OFficers
John I Amos
Don r I$i ophy
John H Armstrong
i ed Cl irk
Alice Chntfield
William D Millaid
Ken K Gjemre
Centra
Head Edit anager
Colleges Of Five States To Send
Delegates For First Convention
Students fiom five states will convene heie Fnday in the First Central Regional convention ot the National Student Federation of Ameiica ever held on the Univeisity campus The association is composed of membeis of student govern ing bodies and includes membership of over one-fifth ol the Colleges in the Nation The Student ^enate is sponsoiing the conference Colleges in Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and Indiana will send delegates to the convention Aheady ovti 75 delegates have announced then in
Dr. MeVey Discusses Chatfield^ Clark' Giemre
Dean Hugh C. Muidoon Will Discuss War Problems At Opening Session
tention to appeal when icgis tiation starts Fiiday morning and many moie are expected Opening sessions I iiday will covei “The Student in Nation al Atfairs,’ ‘ Organization ot Student Wai Councils nncl Rcoi gnni^ation ot C unpus Activities At i banquet which will bo held Fiiday evening Picsident P C LI liott Will tiddiess the oigani/otion Broadcast Continuing thiough Sotuid ly and Sunday the convention will teituic many mteicsting discussions uid ictivitics A bioadc ist will 1 c made Situidiy itteinoon on WBAA ihout the ictivities of the conven tion Ticl etb hivo been bccuiod to membeis ol the oigam/ation to it tend the conceit m the Music H ill on Satindiy night tcituiing Tom my Doisey Boh Seesc icgional chuimin ol fhe oiginizition will ittcnd ind spe ik it oni of tnc sessions lie gigduited iiom Kent St itc Univci sitv I ist yc 11 ind is now in insti uc (See I FDLRAI ION On Pigt 2)
Di Rilph Gciaid ot tlic physi ologv depaitment ot the Umveisity ol Chicigo Medical School will pie sent the list addiess in the ones ot loui muitil leetiues tonight it 7 30 pm m the West P leult^ Lounge ot the Union The lectuies lie loi junioi ind senioi women and ai e sponsoied by AWS Di Gel aids subiect will be Maiiiigc lioin a Mins Point ol View Piovious lectuies h ive been given by Di M 11 le M esscls ( hie igo ph\ sieian Di I i ineis H innet of the Umveisity ol Chicago ind R lu cien Towel Jane McCoueh is in eh IIgo of the lectuies
Dean Kugh G Muidoon, dean of the School of Pharmacy at Duquesne Uniyersity will discuss ‘ Pharmacy Wai and PostWar Problems” before the opening session of the twelfth annual Druggists’ Business Confetence to begin today at the University Muidoon past piesident of the Ameiican Association of Colleges ot Phaimacy is now auditoi of ‘ The Science’s Counsellor ’ Other speakei s ot the day include Dean Jenkins, ot the Um\eisity Charles D Schieibei, Tell City president ot the In- — diana Pharmaceutical Associ
University Newman Club Will Hold Annual Retreat
Umvei sity Newman ( lub is spoil soiing a day of lecolleclmn for ill Catholic students ne\t Sund n at
tion Fled T Thomas, Gi6enfield secretaiy of the Indiana Boaid ot Phaimacy, Haiold V Dainell Indianapolis secie tiiy ot the Indian i Ph ii maceutie il Association ind Homei Allen ot the Umveisity
St Maiys chinch The usual inmial Conference Banquet
letieat has been shoitoned to this one da^ piogiam Ihe students will go in i bod\ to S 30 mass Immediatelj iftei mass letieshments will be seived ind the
This evening Picsident E C El liott will let IS toastmastoi it the iniiual confeienee binquet to bo held in the Union hilhoom it 6 Di L M Scais ol the Umveisity
Di 1 lank L McVcj Picsident Emeiitub of the Umveisity ot Ken tucky was the pimcipal speakei at the leg 111 u monthly igiicultuial staff luncheon held yesteiday noon in the Union Di MeVey who was uitioduced by Di I Holmes Mai tin head of the Poultiy depaitment spoke on ‘Agiicultuie and the Amencan Way Di MeVey piaised the work ot Pies E C Elliott as piesident ot the Univeisity and told of the high legald that is accoided Di Elliott in national education il alfiiis Contest of Speech In discussing the vv ii MeVey pointed out that we cannot lose the wai it we pieseive the ideals of the Amencan Way—the ideals ot life hbeity and the puisuit of happi ness—and that we cannot alYoid to lose these ideals which have been boin out ot eight centunos of stiug gle and sacnfice In defining the Amencan way MeVey said ‘The lights that a man possesses as a man in a fiee conn tij vvlieie he can use those lights ioi the common good—tint is the Amencan Way D MeVey pointed out the Magna Chaitei as the fust gioat step tovvaid fieedom from tyi ints and
Other Officers
despots and he outlined the develop nient of oui ideals down thiough the discoveiy ol Amenc i and the loiming of the Declaiation of In dependence which embodies and sets loith these ideals Pirst of 1 hree Falks Yesteiday s addiess was the fiist of a SCI les of thi ee that he is sched uled to give at the Umveisity this week The seci^nd talk will be given tonight at 7 30 befoie an open meeting of the Social Science Semi nai to he held in the faculty lounge ol the Union Subject of tonight’s addiess which is open to the geneial public IS The Amencan Way—The Pise ot Demoeiacy MeVey will climax the senes of lectuies with a talk on The Amei lean Way to be piesentod at a spe cial defense convo which will be held tomonow evening at 7 30 p ni m the Music Hall The Umveisity Glee Club undei the direction ot A P btewait and the Umveisity Oichestia dnected by J M Pa gams will also take pait in the convo progiam Admission to the Social Science Seminar tonight and the defense convo tomonow is iiee The pio giam IS open to faculty menibcis students and townspeople
fiist conteience will be hold in the histoiy economics and goven ment
Exponent' Ad Staff
riieie will be a Tiiescl iv leg ulai meeting at 7 this evening foi sophoinoie and Ireshmtii id nun AlUiulinee is eompiilsoi v
luditonum oJ the chuieh The clos ing conteience will be held at 00 p m and Holy Houi will be held
liom 4 30 to 5 30
r ithci Chap^nan will speak it Ihc eonleionees ind will supeivisc Ihc
entile pi ogiam
Dorsey’s Home Life Tommy F By ^eco
B\ S( ill Wendell lommy Doisev mu lit hive I ecu II) Lllgliuot hid some (( his (hild I ood di e ams e ome ti ue () i I I is lOiilhlul imhitions w is lo eiive i e 11 e e I is i I imous mce h line il e ii giheci 1 hough hs lile woik leuiid him not 111 eiui(iicenng hut m mu sicf he his hoeome lu eiigiuei le i lossei elegiee He is the eonliol ling engmeei ol i eomplele model I ulway whieh spi ivvls ive i (he hisemcnt llooi in liis huge house iii Bel 11 udsville New leisev ( hiekiii 1 iinui 1 he home w is built hv D ise v to sitisly inothei youthhil imhiLiou Attei aequinng i pen ind hi ood ol eliiekens ui his veuith he loisooU Ills tngineuing imhitions iiiil tool up those ol being the woild gie it est chicken laimei The estate Ins 22 leies ol 1 urn land and wooded slopes Besides i ku ge hi ood ol eliicke ns 1 omm v li is hoises cows and bums ind silo to complete the lami atmospheie But the estate is not all iaim atnios
iiul
Tommy Dorsey
plieie Ihe luge 21 loom house is eoloni il in slv le built ol hi icl iiid IS adioiiieel by i (>7 loot tile swim muig pool Neai the pool iie licit eel bull houses a cl ly tennis eouit
(ligliled Ioi iiiglil p| lyuig) h ill uid h ulmmloii toiii Is
I 111 e (jiu 111 e pi u ( Mode I P nil o id
1 lie the 1 ( use s i I u gi pi I lom and hii i hutil lenm loi the hinllo leep in 01 visits iiul Join m\ s model l iili i id i e m Mis Doisev iiid lommvs two eliidien live in the lioLi e even when lommy le ives loi hiiiel engigements His home uid e 1 ile u e (|Lute i loiili ist lo Ihe home ill whiiri he li\ I 111 Ills e liildhood He siieiil lus i II 1\ \ Old h ti i \ e ling he twi e ii sm ill towns II till n mil e gioi s e I Pe iinsvlv nil i Ills 1^ ilhi t w i in leeomplislied mu itiiii lud Liuhei uid torn cel with i hi iss hind jil iv iiig loi one night si uiels Ills (list letu il e 11 mugs e line not lioni pi ivin,, lus tiomhone howevti hut tiom diiving i deliv etv tiiiel in i sm ill Peiinsviv iiii i town He soon louiid th it lus ))op ill u ti omhoiie pi 111) mule moie money, even in sm ill town hands
depaitment vvilj spe ik on The Piesent Ciisis in i Possible Pei peetive On Wednesday the list eiii ol (he coifeienco the man spe ikei will be rdwuil Speise diieetoi ot Piolessionil Relations ol the Ni tion il issoci ition ol Retul Ding gists His topic will he Pioicssion il Pel itions Moiiiing Session At the moining session tomoi low C J /lit ill ot the Uiiivei sill will addiess the giou)) on the topic I licet ol W II on Dings ind Phaim leeutieals Olhei moimng speakeis lie lohii h Kudolph di icelen ol Di ug Lelilions i| WIVV who will 1 ill (11 R idio s Aid iii Puilding liieliiiii Diiigsloiis ) W Snow (le 11 111 u i„i I (I I lu lie siiiplion Mill (ling Seiviee il llu Pie loi III I ipe 1 P u I q ( ( Ol poi i turn will (Il ( u I lu 1 h 11 m le ist iiul N Uii 11 il lie ilLli De iii ( km I le 111 Ills ol the Univeisity will till 01 111 New 1 Dings uul Pli II m ice ulie il is the li I spe ik el it the moiiimgs se s ion iv ipp t I I pti i in le ( ul le 1 hem i ii \ will h il I line lu (11 111 I lu I ill I ill V ! mmgi il II ( n I III il Se ssion lomoiiow llu I moil 1) ( ISiood II ol the Univcisilv will open the (mil session with i 1 ilk il out Blood PI ismas P llowiig Ins speech I (Iw ud Speise mil M ( Meiiim will nil'll ess Uii eoiiven turn Piolessionil 111(1 Seicnlilie Ikohlims will he the lopit imdei eonsidi 1 itioii it the Pound I able Discussion ot business which will dose the eonltionce
Fred Waring Will Sponsor Song Contest
Congest Today At
Male Glee Club To Sang ^All Through The Night' Umveisity Glee Club ot 50 \oices undei the diiection ot Albeit P Stewart, has been enteied in the fiist nation wide glee club contest The contest known as “The Pleas UK Time Nil ion il College (lie ( ( lub ( omiK Idioii is sponsoud by W inng s Pk is 111 ( I imo IIoui a 1 ulio pt o giam loi Chcstci 111 Id The Glee Club will sing tint e songs, one All Thiough ''Ihc Night’ selected by Waiing and two otheis to ho selected by Stewait A lepicstntalivc ol Wai mgs oi gam/a lion will he lu 11 Ihnisdiv Apiil 2 t( londuel the in litie n uid th 111 il iii„ ol iieoidin„ whieli will he used to deicimiiu the le^ioi il wimieis Region il w iiiiui s ml li tel 11 lies will he ehosen in eieh le } 1011 ind the legnnil winneis will he given i tup to Ne\ Yoil to compete in the luiils to select the n itioii il wiimei Flic competition i pioposod to seiich out leeognize md lewaid the outblanding uiideigi ulu itc mile college glee clubs iii the United btatet.
Pieliminaiies toi the sixth annual Hanley Speech Contest will bo hold in loom 101 ol Unneisity Hall today at I pm Fifteen engmeeis vtill compete in the prehminaiy lound SIX ot whom will be chosen to lompelt in the finals lo he held in Fowle i Hill cm J uesd i\ Miitli U it I pm The topics m ly h( m\ thing pi It iimng to I n-,i!uci mg pio vided that it is ippioachcd horn in economic standpoint and 1 elates to the w u The fiist ]) 171 toi the tontost will
John F Amos, a junior in the school ol chemical engineei ing, was last night selected by the Exponent electoral board to head the next seme3ter’q staff ot the University daily as editor-in-chief Associated with Amos in the direction of the paper’s editorial policy will be Don T, Brophy, also a junior chem, as news editor, and John H. Armstrong, a mechanical engineenng junior, as managing editoi Coed Editor Coed editor of next sjemester’s Exponent will be Alice Chatfield, of Bartlesville, Okla, a jdmor m the science school and a member of C hi Omega William D Millard, a chemical engmeei from Chicago, wjll seive as business manager, and Ken K Gjemre, a science jutt101 tiom Gi over town and member ot Alpha Chi Rho, will be assistant business manager m charge of errculatron Heading the sports staff will fie 0 T Clark a science junior of Wilmington Dela, as sports editor Both Amos and Brophy are member s of Phi Kappa Sigma and Armsti ong lb a member of Sigma Nu To direct the coed business staff, Julia Mai tin, a home economies junioi was selected by the Board to serve as coed business manager. She is a membei of Kappa Kappa Gamma Junior Editors Robert Bowmkle, Dale Butz, William Hoskins Aithui Huntei, Da-
Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all the newly elected members of the Exponent staff tonight at 7 p m in the Exponent office in the Union
he i 25 dollai dole Use })ond
with 15 dol! u s 11 11 imludcd 1 ho s(cond pi 1/1 will ix i 25 dulLu dideiisi bond with 5 dol lais added, and time! will he i 27 doll u dele Use hond llu leuilh tilth Old si\lh puZLs ue 10 7 uid 3 doll Us woitli ot ell tense si imps lespectuelj Sponsor William A IIuikvMl 11 mem hei ol the Um\i isilv Bo ii lot liiis tees uid pieduelion minigii ol the Ell I illy tompanj. in Indian ipolis IS sponsoi ot the contest
v/id Ochiltree and W alter Rafert WrU Jeive rs the six new junior assoelite editois On the coed stitl tour juniorSi one moic th ui diuing the past yearr weie elected They are Sally Beall, Cluulotte Hiss Jean Lairei ana, Dons Pickering Jesse Wiight ind Don JohUspA will SOI VC as next semester’s advertising mriurgtis and Gerry Klattm in was selected as cliciilatiotl maiiigti Ticni Touenga will be the new iccounts manager Elleil Link uid Jane Keiin were elected lo juiuoi positions on the coed buaU ness st itl One addition il spoils junior position w rs n lined to the staff by the ckctoi il boaid The tout juniote elected wtit Don Brewer, Joe Bawsem Ld Kaipick and Bob Krregetv I Ol the fust time in Expoahtll* histoiy ill otticeis were electedtor (lie stuiestcr instead ot the fbrptet lull >e a teini An officer mgjk howevci serve tor a tull yen* hi the discretion ol the board
1
IPur^im^Exponent Tuesday, March 24, 1942
MSim
By pwsw Pearson ana Boltert §. Xiieii
'"l«PlS«ul^maririe Tours' ■ l^^'^ariwr ^veralf ^ i|^UfS ' ieifore i|pmbin9; WASHINGTON, March M.—One' am^ihg fncidelit hf tlife Pearl Harbor kttaii. can now be told. Already artnotihccd in the Roberts Report W«8 the fact that a sthall Japa>iese si^btnarine was sunk off the ohtrabce of Pearl Hai'bor at 6:30 a.m., about one hour before Jap airplanes came over. The submarine has since been raised, and its navigation chart and 16^, translated into English, showed a remarkable voyage. ' The subntarinc had actually made a colttplete touir inside thife vital naval base, had escaped unseen, and the captain had noted the location of each U. S. vessel together With the time he passed ■it;:. The chart, showed the Jap spb had arrived off the entrance of Pearl Harbor at 1:50 a.m., Dec. 7—a few hours before the air attack. It waited at the horbor’s mouth until 4:20 a.m., when the net was lowered to let a garbage scow out. Then the sub sneaked in. The commander noted the location of the battleship.s Utah and the West Virginia—the former announced as stink. He marked down the positions of twelve destroyers, which he said Were huddled close together; also three gunboats, and the cruiser Trenton. In another place he noted “large white man’s house.” The chart showed that he passed out of the harbor unseen at 5:25 a.m. and apparently lay off the harbor’s mouth for the next hour while he radioed the exact location of each ship to the awaiting Jap air carriers. About the only thing the Jap commander failed to put in his log was that at 6:33 a.m. he was sunk. • Bike-Go-Round "At a cocktail party the other day, Leon Henderson and Senator Burnet Maybank of South Carolina demonstrated how to ride the host’s new birthday bicycle . . . But Henderson looked at the tires, shook his head, and said, “Guayule” . . . Congresswoman Edith Rogers and Cabinet-wife Mrs. Claude Wickard declined to perform on the bike, 'though Mrs. Rogers declared she expects to ride a bicycle to work at the Capitol soon . . . Mrs. Wickard made Claude promise to give her a bike for her next birthday . . . Mrs. Warren Pierson recalled that her last bicycling effoi'ts—in Bermuda —frightened all the horses on the Island. • Sfrangg Bed Fellows . ' One of the most needed labor reforms today is a law compelling unions to make annual certified public reports of their finances, just as corporations must report to stockholders and the ^EC. Labor’s ex-emption-from this rule is one of the chief factors responsible for the dictator rule rampant in some of the biggest unions. \ Most labor office holders are oppo.sed to this reform; they are : against any proposal to curb their personal power or tenure of office. But there is strong sentiment for it among the union rank-and-file. This column has received hundreds of letters from
workers everywhere strongly approving' compulsory accountings of the millions they pay in dues. Probably the blg-gutt labor leaders by themselves would hot be strong enough to pirevent enactment of such legislatioh, but so far they have been able to block it with Ihe potent aid of a strange ally. This extraordinary bedfellow is the National Association of Manufacturers. ' The NAM is the oldest, most tireless and effective foe of organised labor in the U. S. A. Its hand is behind cvciy bill to curb union privileges, But on the issue of public financial reports, the Manufacturers Association sees eye-to-eye with its traditional foe. It is just as violently Opposed to this reform as the labor chiefs. Reason: The manufacturers fear that such a law wdttld be applicable also to them dhd, appareriitly,'like the labbt thdghls, thdy don't want the public to know where the Assbeiatibti gets its money ahd what it doOS with it. • Unreporfed S|>eect^ • ■ 'Fhv’hidra thdh a wetk the halls of Congress have echoed : with heated deinands for liegislation’ abolishing the 40-ho‘ur iteCk hnd prohlbitihg strikes in War plants. These Speeches have been widely reported. But there was a speech made in the House the other day about which hot one line went out. As far the the public is concerned, the speech was hever made. But if you’ll turn to pages 2687-91 of the Congressional Record you’ll find the hottest, most sensational charges heard on Capitol Hill in a long time. The speaker was Repi'esentatiVe Clinton P. Andei’sOn of New Mexico, who was a successful business man before he canie to Congress. These are the bombshells—so mysteriously unreported — which he tossed: 1. That the labor crackdown furor was a carefully planned scheme by certain business elements. 2. That its purpose was to divert public attention and anger from the. disclosures of huge war profiteering, refusal to convert plants to war production, and the undercover operations of keyplaced dollar-a-y ear men to protect the private interests of industries from which they are drawing big salaries. 3. That Arthur Bunker, head of the WPB Division of Aluminum and Magnesium, is receiving $60,000 a year from a New York banking firm, and that he has prevented the construction of a lowcost magnesium plant while vigorously aiding a high-cost project owned by the giant Dow Chemical Co. Anderson told the House he was firmly convinced that much of the uproar against labor was instigated by secret organized activity. Editorials were “planted” and Congress was deluged with inspired letters demanding drastic measures, he declared. “The chambers of commerce in my State, and I suppose in yours,” said Anderson, “are being harried into special meetings to damn labor for not working 24 hours a day. But what is labor to produce? War goods? Oh, no. To produce enough radios, refrigerators and rayon hose to stock stores throughout the wai',_ fi'om factories that have not been converted to military purpo.ses. Do our people know that today, 3 months after Pearl Harbor, and for a month and a half yet to come, there are hundreds of vital plants that will not make desperately needed war supplies ?” (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) University Church Plans Informal Party Saturday Social committeelof the University Presbyterian Church has planned a party for March 28, .stai’ting at 7:45 p.m. There will be games and informal recreation. Refreshments will be served.
Rabbi Simon To Speak
9:00 A.M.—Annual Druggistg’ Business
■Gonferenee...
•Lrllggists’ Chnfei’ence -Di'tr^gists’ Wives -Committee on State of
University
-Druggists’ Banquet -W. A. A. Winter Banquet ... -Chi'istiaii *80161106 Orgsinfzation ■Marital Lecture
IlOO 2ff)0 4:00 6:00 6:00 7:30
B.M.P.Mi
7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.-
Banquet This Evening Woman’s Athletic Association will hold its Winter Banquet this evening at 6 in room 363 of the Union. In accordance with the general defense policy of the campus, the dinner will be informal instead of the traditional formal afl^ahy and all woineii students are invited to attend. Tickets which cost 65 cents may be obtained from the main office at the gym, from sorority houses, or from WAA Gotmcil mcnri^
hers. ■ ■ ' '
On the program will be the lo-
eally prominent speaker Rabbi
Meyer H. Simon who will speak dh ^J|||n||d||t; pB|]grf|tjn|1
the subject of recreation. ^The pro- ' ' ■" ’ * ■' '
gram will also include installation of newly elected WAA officers and council members, and -winter sports,
awards will be made,
Committees for the banquet are: Kathryn Ade, general chairman; Gwen Curry, menu arrangements; Jackie Harrison, program; Ruth Walker, decorations; Evelyn Shubei-, publicity; and Eleanor Serbaii,
tickets.
Tue«d|iy> March 24
Mi^a Zm Will Hold
Banquet
Piursday Evening tight la Utiim
Walen^
Demonsiri^a|;^|ed;^'
S.Ucial Science Lecture . —Dr. Frank L. M:cVey
West Faculty Lounge, .. ■ trhihn : ..South Ballroom, tlnioh ..East PaiSttlty' tiOuffffej Union, ..Room 263, tJhion ..North Ballroom, Union ..Rooms 355 & 363, trUioTt ..Room 303, Union ..West Faculty Lounge, Union East PUCUlty Lounge, .: Union ' ’
On. WBAA
(Continued from page 1)
tor at ‘Westef’h ReServe Academy. The Natiohal President, Elizabeth Robertson fia's been invited to speak
at a- banquet Saturday evening.
Delegates to the meeting will be housed in campus fraternities and sorority houses. Representatives will Come from both men’s colli^ges and cdeducatiohal institutions, large
and small.
The organization has its main offices in New York City and has for its purpose: “To Organize and Unite Campus Governing Groups.” Members convene each year for the purpose of exchanging ideas. Bob Stejpker is in charge of the committee .which is planning the
convention.
AIMF Members Tb Hear Address By F. f^bhlbiBs F. J. Robbins of Bliss and Laughlin, Inc., will adcjlress members of the American Institute of Metallurgical Engineers Thursday, March 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. His illustrative talk will cover the “Cold Finishing of Steel” following through to strain annealing operations and effects that can be attained by this method of heat treatment after cold finishing. Special use of this treatment and means of production to meet government applications and Speci-ftca-tions will be discussed by Robbins.
In answer to the nation’s needs fur fftiarieifil aid, plans have been made by Ailpba Zeta, national cultural honorary, to ;raise funds by means of a “meal-less,” banquet to be held Thui’sday, March 26, at 7:30 p. m, in the Union building. The affair will be substituted for the' regfular ihitiation banqttfet. Ifhe, “banquet” will be stkged in true banquet style, except for the absence of the meal. Prof. C. B. Murphy of histox’y, economics and government department will be the speaker bf the evepin^'." Alpha Zeta Pi*eshman Scholarship Trophy will be atvai’ded to the freshman agricultural student having the highest scholarship fating for last semester. Proceeds from the banquet will be used by Alpha Zeta in aiding the Red Cross and in the purchase of government bonds. Alpha Zeta alumni, actives and ^initiates, and others who are interested in contributing to the war strength of the country will be present.
Dr. Walefstein tTib' pTiysies, department will demonstrate pbldvized lig'M and desefibfe itk ities in the autemofiVS field-’' 0M. open meeting of the Bociefy - df tomotive Engineers on March 26, in room 212 of tlje; ion. A practical demonstratibfi hotv polafized liglit aids the ht^'h^: eye under trying driving cond>ti()ns will Show the manner in which .the atrtomotlye industry intends- to quef a:'serious pfoble-mf -Bttiet hhalysis of gea-r^ ahd structural-meifi--hers, sueh as automobile: frajihey, will alsb^'bfi demprtstfate'# use of polarized light. The demohstratidn ■will-..s'£St‘b at, 7:30 p.m. and e'ybryone'lb.'into attend.
TUESDAY 9:45 News 10:00 “English History” with Prof, 'V. L. Albjerg lO'.SP WBAA Presents 10:55 News 11:00 Morning Matinee 11:15 The Bookman 11:30 Sam Hamilton—pianist 11:60 Purdue News 11:.55 News 12:00 Ag-ricultural Forum 12:30 Meet the Band 12:55 News 1:00 Parents’ Forum 1:15 Souvenirs > 1:30 Script 1:45 Markets 1:55 News 2:O0 Story a Day 2:15 Lest We Forget 2:30 Virginia Ulrey—singer 2:45 Treasure Chest 2:56 News 3:00 Music 3:15 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Musical Round-Up 3:55 News 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:15 Heard in the Hallway 4:30 Meet Your Navy 4:46 The Ciirio Man 4:50 Music 4:55 News 5:00 Just Relax 5:16 Employment Service 5:30 Vespers 5:45 Little Miss Muffett 5:55 News 6:00 Dinner Hour 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 The Magic Carpet 6:56 News 7:00 Religious Drama 7:30 Carolyn Wood—singer 7:45 Music 7:55 News 8:00 Music 8:45 Eventide Echoes 8:55 News, 9:00 Musieana 9:55 News 10:05 Off the Air
Everything for a College Ediieation DEAC’S
There’s satisfaction in knowing that the GVap revenue tax you pay on every pack of twenty cigarettes is doing its bit for Uncle Sam And youll get complete smoking satisfaction in Chesterfield's famous blend of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos. This superior blend is tops in everything you like best in a cigarette. It is definitely MILDER, far COOLER and lots BETTER-TASTING. Try Chesterfields today. See why millions say/‘ You can*t buy . a better cigarette/\._y^^^^^
Dine Tonight HU CHINA GRILL <* CHOW MEIN — CHdP 5UEY 11 409 Columbia St.
Pwidm. fxpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authm-ized Jasuary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ;ind weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions. $4.00.
BdU®r-in-Chl«f. filfWB. Editor Sprtrtf Editor. .
Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L. Traoeott ...Phil Johnson
Business Manaeer Don 8. Powers Manaeing Editor - Leland W. Ruffnei Coed Editor Roth Kbse
Psibticafion Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Aroos. J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Sports Staff: O. T. Clark, J. O. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. ( i.ed Staff; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ranudell.
Business Staff Coed Businesa Manager: Donna Siess; Office Managers Eee Bdssone. Local Advertising Managers; K. K. Gjemre, R. G, Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager! -W. D. Millard, Junior Coed Managere: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Uoyd. Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Adverttsing Service, Inc.. College Publishers Represebtativee, 420 .Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
%
Staff For This issue
igM loiter:
r: Blon?
fioskins
Sports Editor; Brewer Issue Editor; Freyman
Reporters: Schneider. Davis, Buts, Wolf, Riggs, Hass, Richardson, Vermilion, Ford, Glaspic, Eckstein.) ‘ V: h
I
Purdiie Exponent
■t Tuesday, MareH 2^
Hiii
til link ^itiii Winds Up Supcessful Seasoii
B6b 0«Mafs t5i*< ■V'= Match 21, the swlftHwinl team Scored ^ ill ihfe State Swimtaihg ll|l^^1iel(^ h#re to dmerge victoiihpf IndiaJTia, Indiana State aftd ni so doing: they a felosl ohe of the most ^teasOhs of dual and initifefets to be seen hete sl^efe’lKck Papehguth accejited the ffeSponsibilities Meet Friday ^fflliit'^lday afid SatUlday, March ■■-aq
2? and 218, has been scheduled as the date for tifte i^ational4^oliegiate Athletic Association's annual sMm* ming meet, this yeal tb be held in the fiast' at Haivatd tlniversity Plans oiigfnally called fon the Rivfetet team to make the jburney east in ordei to partifcipate In the coIoTful event, but ivord has Cbme from University officials that dt this time it has been abemed unwise to go to the expense of transporting the squad on suCh a long trip
■Ifhls means, theiefore, that swimming is oVdlp foi this ytefth, a year that has heeh the BoSlbrmakers ethergb from a schedule of «lx dual mebte lirfth a tecord of foul? wms agklhst ti^b lobe defekts, both at the hands of thk two most poweiful tbstihs ih thk confbrehce, Michigkh ahd Ohio State Ainong those lost to the squad were Sllei knd Ilarns through gi'aduat«di, and LaBaiy, Carney, Sneed, Oilley, BazelWood and Andei'sbh /tMOugh various othei means
Start Strong The Riveters opened the season in the light fashioh when they triumphed over an inyadmg squad of Spartans f^om Michigan State college on January 31, and just one week later they followed uli’ th^eir victory with a gratifying Win oyer our down-state foes When Indfiana’s SoOsiOrs viSited the Pieldhouse pool Then followed, in rapid succession, the only defeats suffered by the Boilermakeis during the entiie
season of dual meet competition when the perennially strong Michigan Wolverines handed the Riveteis their first leveise in the Fieldhouse on February 14, closely followed by a defeat at the hands of Ohm State at Columbus on Febluary 18 Finish Stronger The Boilermakers continued through the rest of the season without the loss of a single dual meet, getting back on the victoiy tiail at the expense of the University of Ilhnois when they defeated the II
hni on February 28 at Urbana Champaign Following close on the heels of the Illinois meet came Riveter victories over the Chicago Maroons, at Chicago on March 4, and North western’s Wildcats three days later here at the FieldhoUse Tame Wildcats These three victories, played with m the short space of eight days, maiked one of the brightest spots of the season and'^lso marked the first win the Boilermakeis have evei scored ovei Northwestern
The dual meet season tlbnk the Riveteis concentratoS tl forts to’wards proparafioft ^ impending Big Ten meet held in Ann Arbor, home ef gan University, MarcB iJ-lNi.'* Fourth In Conference ^ Lacking enough indivtdaat which are necessary for high secpe* in meets like the Big T«a> thelbst^ ermakers could do no better f&aeu sixth place in the meet, but baae^ upon a summary of the entire son of dual meets they shaft jbe rated nearer the fourth positioil.,.
I^hring Diarriond Men
For St. Joseph Tilt just four days sepaiating them from their initial clash
of tke season against St Joseph next Monday, Coach Fehring’s BjWter diartiondmen went through possibly then stiffest WOTkout of the year yesterday afternoon back of the Fieldhoiike. In addition to the Monday game, the Boileimakeis will
al$h b@ hosts to the Bumas on Tuesday and Wednesday
I Highlighting yesterday’s dull was an extensive batting prRh|ice period which saw neaily eveiy one of the some fifty odd varsity candidates taking their ^ respective cuts Very favoiable to staiting lineup is chubby Geoige Coach FelUmg was the appearance Buikhait, a lefty battling foi the
qfSeveral hard hitting left-handed „ « n i.
fiist base job Geoige s. fielding has been neai pei faction aiound the ini-, tial sack Expected to give Buik bait a stiff fight foi starting honois
PHiL^ilOHnSOII
Grapplers Drill For Finale
Matmen End Season Friday
bktt^is — a sight seldom sedn qrptindl: aroupd here in years past
Int^fj-siquad Game
Capping off the afternoon’s work
out was a veiy spmted intei squad is long, lean, six feet foui inch Jack
Swantz, eistwhilo basketballei
Rush Hitting Hurd
Yesterday afternoon saw Jim
gafin^i In addition to the veteians fl'om last season’s outfit, quite a ^^dY^mewcomeis came to the fiont
apd gave the moie experienced fel- R„;h <Tp7“i„gTe Ipple-’^at a clip
rpn for then money
' It T, ' . , ikhich may make him ohe of the < r hairiest hitters on the club Jim
JT: ""“'i "i '"I has plenty of powei up at the plate 1 f. hits neaily eveiy ball on a line
for the fitst time Uaiiy is
Still recovering from a recent ap- really count with men on base pendicitis opeiption and a doubtful starter against the Furnas next Pitching-the depaitment which Monday beginning of piactiee seveial Prl am h weeks ago looked to be the weak est has shown much inipiovement One of the most outstanding of and at the present time seems to be ^]fe splendid Cl op of lookies fighting pne.of Fehiing’s bright spots Walt fO^ places on the staiting nine is Leifbeit only veteian moundsman PgW^|*'riend, sciappy little sopho- the squad, seems headed foi a ptet® from West Side Paul has a veiy good yeai if piosent indica Idt 6i hustle and has been hitting tions beai any weight Tony \vith the Best of them so he may get “Lefty” Beito could vciy easily de the nod foi the centei field spot velop into a winnei foi the Rivelei Afipthei sophomoie who has a aggiegation with a little moie piac fihe Chance of bieaking into the tice
► The End Is Here It’s been a lot of fun—this past yeai as sports editor of the Exponent. But then everything has its end, and this is> no exceptibn This is the last Gestapo The reins of the sports division of the Exponent will from this point on rest in the capable hands of that genikl redhead, Ted Clark Ted’s whole interest in life lies in athletics, Una centers around Purdue athletics ^ Great Unknown Ahead He has a big lob ahead of him—for it will be his job to report Boilermakei athletics through the most trying time in our athletic history Vast changes will be made, and manj^ adaptations will be necessaiy It will be his duty to lead this adaptation of the student body toward the changes as they
arise
Athletics are going to be looked upon in a different light in the coming months Victory is going to be less of a premium, and the benefits to bo derived fiom the spoit, both by the participants and the spectators, will be the prime objective ► It's All Yours, Ted There’s a lot of work to be done ahead in the sporting world, and Ted is the man that can best help to get it done He’s a swell fellow, and I wish him eveiy suet ess m the woild
► Thanks
In closing, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all those who made this past year so enjoyable To all the members of the athletic staff, and to the pla:veis of the various sports, thanks a million for youi cooperation and criticism, both of which were irrtmeasurably valuable The best of luck to all of you in your efforts to build Purdue athletics td the plane where they deserve to be
IM Schedules The followinf, fraternities will play vol Icyball Tuesday night March 24 at Phi Kapna Tail Sigma Alpha Mu Si(.ma Chi Sigma Pi Beta Theta Pi Tan Kappa hipsilon Iheta Tau Theta Xi Tiiangle Phi Kappa Sigma Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Nu Sigma Phi Epsilon Theta Chi
Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestlers will wind up their victorious season next Friday and Saturday at the National Collegiate Wrestling Meet, to be held at Michigan State College at Lansing, Michigan With hve or six Purdue champions entered in the meet, thp Boilermakers hope to snatch one
of the first five places
The meet is scheduled to start Friday Afternoon The finals will be played off Saturday evening Schools from all ovei the countiy aie enteied in this meet Last yeai’s champions, Oklahoma A & M, IS again favoi ed to win the chain pionship, with Michigan State pin dieted by the experts to finish see
ond
Othei stiong contenders, besides the ones named above and the Boileimakeis, aie Fiankhn & Mai shall, Kansas State Kent State Pomisyl vinia State, Michigan and Illinois
Oklahoma A & M is usually considered a pietty sure bet to win the Clown as the Aggies have taken the Clown in about nine of the last ten yeaiB Among the Rivetei wrestling aspirants, five 01 SIX hope to lepresent the Boilermakeis at Lansing They aie Mickey McDonald, Maik Matovma, Wairen Gregoiy, Jim Paratoie, D6n Britt and Prank Ruggieii The tentative line up is 121 pound class, McDonald, 128, Matovma, 145, Giegory, 155, Paia toie 01 Butt, heavyweight. Rug gieri Riveters Leave Thursday Only pait of the team will lepiesent the Riveteis Ruggieri, who had easy sailing in the Big Ten meet is one of the favontes at the N C W M The othei giappleis hope to show then wTies to a good advantage also The Boileimakeis will shove off foi Lansing sometime Thiysday atteinoon Michigan State has two chain
pions back from last year are the Jennings twins who hold tfte 121 and 128 pound crowns. homa also has two champions from last year’s winners They Anidt and Logan who hold the 14$ and 155 pound championships, re* spectfully i Gopher Crawls Into H<de The 175 crown is held by Be* Vittasti of the University of Peiw* sylvania He vail again represent his school in the match The heavy* weight crown which is clafined by a Minnesota man will be a ffeidO open affaii, as the Gopher has heed injured lately It is doubtful that he will be able to defend his titl4 this week This meet will wind up a season of seven victories against ohd defeat in Intel collegiate dual naeO^. Beside these victories over Fmdlftyv Ohio State, Chicago, Indiana Noithwestein, twice, the Bcdlbfmaktis took fust place in the Blij Ten Meet at Chicago
Tennis Team Opens Season April W
Coach LaBree Holds indoor Workouts
The* lollowing fraternities will report for b'l ebill nt 4 1> Tuesday afternoon Siprmi Alpha Fpsilon Kappa Delta Rho Si^nia All ha Mu Delta Tau Delta Sijrma Chi Beta Theta Pi Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Nu Alpha Sigma Phi Sigma Phi Epsilon Alpha Gamma Rho Tau Kappa Epsilon Acacia Theta Chi theta Xi All baseball entry blanks must be in the Intramural Office by noon Tuesday March
24
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
■■Jir
More aiuminum up there, less in new telephones ; -lor VICTORY! Take aluminum. build 294 year’s telephoueoutpm^^^^^^^ combat planes. This , f 7,747,000 pounds. Thougl ^ increase, the program to mamtam f demand lU history for augrdci«hfncommumca.i.>.e.p.ipm^
MOCCASIN ^modeinl-^adj Add to the old moccasin design. Freeman styling, modern shofemoking, precision fit and advanced comfort principles , , « and you’ve got a Real Moccasin. : s | .
Coach Laiiy LaBieo’s tennis squid continued its dulls this week as the Boileimakei lacquet team began to take final shape befoie its initial clash of the season The Riv eteis aie scheduled to face Butlei Umveisity’s lacquetmen in Indian apolis Piiday, Apiil 10 Hoping to go through a success ful season like that of last yeai, jn which his squad won 10 out of 13 tennis meets. Coach LaBi ee is shap mg his team aiotind thiee vaisity men left from last year’s aces Ray Lueht Is Captain Captain Ray Lucht, semoi lettei man who led the 1941 couit squad to a successful climax, holds numbei one spot on the present squad Dick Stettnei and Gus Armstrong junioi rtiajoi lettermen, also from the vic toiious team, fill in two and three spots lespectivfely composing the tiiumviiate that is expedted to aid the Boilermakei victoiy thi lists this season LaBiee lost two stai peifoimeis last yeai—Bob Andeison and Pied Richards, but hopes that the above thiee and a stung of sophomore re ciuits will build the team’s strength Lucht, Richaids, Andeison, AimstiPng and Stettnei Weie the causes
of the conquests of Illinois Iowa and Indiana, thiee impiessive Big Ten squads, Chicago Michigan, and 0 S U provided the Boileimakei
stumbling blocks
Ed tv ells, sophomoie squash man and Walt Dudzmski another second year man, are stiong tennis aces filling numbei foui and five but numbei six position is still open, Daley McMillan Bond Cummmg-s,
and several others contending for the position The complete tennis sciiedidi0|. some meets still tentative, is
below
Aprii 10 Butter (T) Apiil Ball State (T) Apiil 2o Michigran (H) April DePauw (H) May 1 Northwestern (T) May Iowa (T) May 8 Michigan State (H) May ^ West State Teachers 01) May 12 Indiana U (T) May 18 lUinois (T) v May 14 lo 16 Big: Ten at Ohio
Fraternity Men See Action Oft DianHm^
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED ENROLL SAT., MARCH 28 BALLET and TAP Classes Divided According to Age PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6lhaFen^
Eiateinity baseball nines shot into action yesteiday afternoon on Russell Athletic Field west of the campus as the spiing diamond competition in intramuial athletics got undeiway The oiganized teams weie the fiist to enter competition Utilizing a ten diamond touina ment set up in which 20 fiateinities played ball the oiganized com petitois inaugmated the fiist ot a '?eiies of two practice tilts, befoie the actual elimination contests stait This afternoon the remaining 16 fiateinities will take to the field to play then fiist piacticc game Tomoiiow afteinoon independent pitcheis will wind up as Ward competitois face each othei in then piactice tilts Membeis of Caiy Hall nines aie holding tryouts this week foi first stimg positions, with the Caiy Hall souads scheduled to get under waj the fiist of next week Chief M L Clevett Intiainuial Diiectoi, hopes that pi evading good
weathei will keep up until eft!!Kli£^tion contests cut down the ebtelf list to not so-crowded eeitditS^i^. Games should be played OS uled by the intiamural fifties dei to avoid confusion tion on the diamonds
Sports Notkat Sigma Delta Psi Fence Vault, hand stand, hifti spring, and rope climbing teste te be held at 4 15 p m. in the hou^-e —D. L. Ptollftpa. Prof. 0. W, Ford of the Agiicultural Chemistry Department, will be ift Urbana, Illinois, Thursday and Friday to attend the EntoftiologY ence on Insecticides and Prohletes Connected with Spxay Resrdhte. jte will be accompanied by Profs. t>e^, BuikholJer and McCown, " ^
SCOBEE’S SENIORS : Emplojcrs are interviewing now— ‘ DON’T’ DELAY —Have apphcation photos ready—Reliable service.
Phone 234^
T05 Northwestern Ave.
X-RAY FITTINGS *
A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc.
406 Main St.
Attractive clothes are important to Courage, Confitlence and High Morale! CroifVn cleaning will keep your clothes attractive. Crown Laundry
Top of the HillPurdue Exponent Tuesday, Mdrcii24,
ft-:
kiadlo Station WASK Starts Air Activities Yesterday morning' at 6 a. ni. Lafayette lieard for the first time its new conimei'cial radio station. WASK. The Studios of the jiew station ai’C located in the Building across from the Post Office, and the transmitter and antenna are located in the Wabash Ri'ver bottoms north of the levee. The station wiii operate on a frequency of 14.10 kilocycles, using a power of '2.10 watts. This gives the station a coverage of twenty to. twenty-five miles radiu.s. Until further plans are completed. the program of WASK will consist primarily of current iiews and I'ocordod musical .selections. The hour.s of operation are helwoeii (1 a. m. and 11 p. ni. . Sigma Alpha Mu... . . . social fraternity wishes to announce the election and installation of the following officers for the coming year; Ralph Biick, in'oir; Charles Friedman, oxchcquei-; Xor)nan Goldstein, reconler; Morton Mar'ks, histoi'ian; Stanley Lowy, assistant exchequer; Louis Cohen, aliunni recoi-der: Howard Ceasar, ])ledge 'counsellor; Edward Lang, .steward; .lohn Nestel, house manager; Norman Gold.stein, athletic mana.ger; Morton Marks, coi'ie-
spondent.
I, •S'.,,
Notices
Senior Cndet OITIoors: Si«n up immoclinloly on ndvnnffcci coursf ‘luillclin lioard for nppointnionts »o have idviurcs taken. JOHNSON
Alpha Zota Plcdft'c.s And Actives: Banriuot date chan.u:«.'(l to Tliur.sday. March 2(). in ■room iUht fif Union 1k’C’jiu}4(* ttf into conflict, on University C.'ilon.dar. IMcdt-VC' tosls and initiation will ho Wf'dncsday, March 2."). t’loduc.<- •■ontact Diossiin ffn* national and. local oiui.>^t jtut ions. - SWATM
Cere.v r)(‘d«;o.<: Soc .Wtathens for Cores TJulift in a- . :-n'i.n as j'O.isiid'-'. . - -WHATHKRS
Westminster foundation: There v/ill ho a party af the-eluuchOn Friday, March 2K. at 7:10 jf.m. Fnt.ertainment will ho in tho i'Mno (if inrorinal ‘rworcationi and rel'i'tshmenl.' will ht* .sorvi'ii. Nt) admission eli.arp.f and evrryone is invited.. THOMA
Christian Science Ortranizalion : Uepniiar nui'tinp- wil! l)i' liold on Tuesday, March 2-1. at 7 :•’.() p.m. in rouni ijO:'. of the Union. LOt'KWOOn Student War ('ouncil; Meet l)ack,sta}':o in ?Jusic Hall al 7:20 n.m. Wi'd., March 2"), for .'^jieeinl convtK-ali<in. DlliOS • Alpha l>lii Onietra : Formal pledKinti: and iiniKjrtaiit hiistnoss moetintr in . Room JOT '•.r Union tonij.-ht at 7 :J0 p.m. ,
.BIUCWFU
Hehrfs Phot ncrrapli.v Sfaflr: Ftsrnial peiithins for senior and .jiinioi* Jobs are title 'V‘'t.. rdaieh 2.">. at ii p.in. See. niodt! form, iiv'tile wtirlnrlioj; laioin. '• 'fOWLlO ■pan-HclIenic Council: ■ Meotinfi WerL. Mfir-h 2." ,in room JOJ of (lie Union .at 1 1 .n ’huh plan to iu'' api'rov (d for ,)rvsenlati.in. . • .. SCAUFF Cold Pc!>pcr Actives and IMc'Ik’cs: Short. me(‘tin,u today, Mareh 21. in room of tile UnifOi at I n.m. IMiase be there. ' ■
S(h\fCFF
\VAA: Tiiniidf-r^ (onne to nraoliee ff»r i’enny Carnival 'rhursday. Mareli 20. Hveryone must he there. No practice Iv.'id on 'I'lusdays. J^AUCIlrvlAN
Wanted: Ful.l lime stenoKTupher nnd £'«neral office asHistanl. Purdue background preferred. Apply by Idler. Kxponent Box No. 1.
Typewriters—Addinj^ Maciiiru's. all rnake.s sold, rented, rfl)aired. and purchased. Mirin--fjf'raph work done. C. J. Kherslioll', tio.n Main, l.afayetUL Phone 2771). For Rent: Furhi.shed elViiiency aparlnieiii with refritjerator and heat. See Mrs. Loa.e. 527 State. For Rent: Suburban 5 room bunualow. Modern electric ranjre. N\-ar University. Phono 3(50G-!.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
WAyV: Ha.sehall practices hedd on Wed-, nesilay and Friday. March 2.5 and 27:. Three praelices are; reipiiri'd for intramural. IIAIJOHMAN Scabbard and Blade: Meelinj?; Wed., li 2.7, al 7:20 p.rn. in the Soiilb 'Power f llie Union. SUl.ldVAN . IMA Members: Dance sidu'duled for this Friday eveiiiiiL': at S:20 |i.»n. will be held, SMUldCVITZ Society of Automotive KniL^ineers: Dr. - Walleu-slein will talk on i>olai:i'/.ed Hp.-ht. atnl deseribi*. experiments foi* <lel.ei*inininv.' the stre.'yses in f/ears next 'I'hursday. Mandi I'd, in I'oorii 212 of tin- IJnion al. 7 :•'<) p.m. W<would a|ipre«d.-il.i' full alleiidanee. SIndeiil Art .(.'uild: Mei-iiiie: \V< il.. Ma la li J.’i. at .1 :2ii i!i room 2(1.1 of l)ie ijni«»n.
PAItKS
AWS Fxeciilive Biiard: Ab'eiinjv Wed,. March 2."). al 1 ji.m. in ll.e AWS offic,-. McCUld.OCll Alplia Zeta Plcfij'cs: Kei'ort in room 11S in the A-riculturai Hall Wednesday. Mjirch 2.7. al -1 p.iu. for pledye lest. Hriny fu.ll .tioxes al iniliaiion Wedm.'.stla.v ;;t 7 ;:10 p.ni. fo!' rniinehiii.e,' .at lianqiiel. See lonnn-row's ICxponent for room id' init iat ion. . .. ‘SWAIN Auriculluri.sl : (Tirculation stall' metniie.*' today.at H p.m. Please lie Iher-'. —^I'l'lKIX Purdut' I'lyin).>'. Cliih: Due to C. A. P. Navy day .mt-et in Vinc<-niu.i and. Fyaii.--ville on SaLurtiui :iiHl Sumko’. Muich 2S aini 2'.),'tin- scheduled air mee! will he iio.siP'liu'd until -April 12. Plans I'iir the air ineel •
AIME Mcmhcr.s: Moolinti' Thur.s., March 2t), at 7:20 p.m.‘in room .202 of the Union. F. J. Rohl)ins will speak on tho cold nnishhij-r of stock - STARKEY Independent Staff: Politions for .junior and senior ofl’ices aj'o due' not later than Thurs., March 2(>. al 4 :20. V).m. at tho PIA box at ih(? cast do.sk of tiie Union or in the Independent oliice. - SMULEVITZ Acromodeler.s : Important meotiuK Thtirsday. March 2(i. in room SO in tho Union. Proftram will be arraiuccck Please bo pres-, onf. --SMITH
Condition Rxamination.s: Exams in AM 21. and AM 22 will be triven in room 110, Heavilon Hall, on Saturday. March 22. from 1 to A, Permits may hi‘ obtained in the main office of Heavilon Hall. ' ‘ —PC^OHMAN. Skull and-Crescent: All plodtxes and actives meet at the Rbss-Ade Ststdium Wedne.';.(iiiy. March 2o.-af K p.m. I-*ledji:es brin;.': • liaddle, flashlight, notebook and ])enc.il.
- MENKE
Reamer (Mub: Very ure.ent and impoi'tant . mec(in:r in room 201 of (be Union .'I’u-^sday, March 21, at 7:1.7 p.m. Please note ehanffe in lime and day. .Also please he jfi'cscm. «ind prompt; Plcd.ces sliow up at 7 :20 thi.'^ tihio > only.- -RUFFNER (k K. 21 Makeups: Examination to venioyo (hird I itrades in C. E. 21 ('stresos,' will ho ffiven in room 201 of tin- Civil Buihlinjr from Ir-t p.m., Satrirday, Maiadi 2M. Thiso con-corm-d contact, me at (.ncc, - SONESON . Student Senate: Imporlatit meclintT Tuesday, March 2-1.Mil 7 :20 p.m. in the Student S(;nale ofl'ice. All mcmhi'rs are expccteil to attend. • -DlBOS Sliident Senate: All inombers of tlu’ Sen-, io)- Hoaril will meet, in lh(* Senate otVie«* al ■I p.m.. Tiics.Iay, .March 2-1. DIPOS :\n Enprir.rerinK- BaiKinel Commillcc: - .Mi.’i'tin.'.v 'ruesday. .Mjirch 24; al. S p.m. in rrom 202 of the. Union. • NOTHMANN. - Club : fJuh keys have arrived. Anyone wbdiin.c; t])eir.s now may p))one me at :U)72. , • HABrCHT^ Dolphin fflub : Impoi tani nu el jne' Tims.l;iy. March 21. at in room 1.0-i Of the )''ii‘ldhoiise. Evoryoni' ))lcasi‘ allond In di^-*^ cuss huiHiuct. aiid clcclioii of oll'icoi's. and, t.;im captain,. - . HERR .Radio <!!ub: Meet 'lui-sday. March 2-1. at V p.m. in room of tho EE Buildinc. D<au‘s will I.o locked at 7 :1.7. MIRES SCA Board: Board- meeting: on Tue.sflay, M.arcli 2-1 at 7:20 n.m. in the S(’A room (d‘ the.Union. MOCAVERO Triton (lub: Iniliaiion will lie hchl in Ihc pool of the Women’s (lyrnnasium Tuesday.. Marid'j 2-1. .at S \). m. .Activi* nu'uihcrs will r«‘criv.(‘ iheiremblems. Attendanci* com-, ptik.orv. I'lcdj.vcs please hrinc: 2I)<‘. ■ KRAEPELEIN. :* WAA: 'rumhline; practices will la‘ held only on 'Ihur.sday. March 2(1. Evi-ryom-‘must he presi-nl for woj-k uji the Penny
Carnival.
BAU.CHMAN. Kla Kappa Nil Plcdnc.s: .Mcclinj.*: 'Ihlesday, iVIartdi 21. at 4 :()() in Ihe R<-adiiur Ri.aim of (be ;-:E Buildim'. • .SOUTHMAYD.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
hiimnoiik *29
il Im
i.il I
ju-\t <-ail
nihar-d ti
BERNHARD
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENtrSTS —- 400-'l04 SchiiHi Bldg. 4fh and Main Sf. Lafayette
Are You Geiliog .VIoi-e iVIileage from
Yoor Ijfoi.lie.s
ir no!, iIk'U Iry on:- Saniioiu* SanitoiKtaivt'.s oiil llio imitodflt'd gril llial clunvs fllior.s Io liils — your i>vooirn ;4arnu'iils will Iqtd n<;>v—and wrar loLs long.tn-.
DIAL 727«
as Tires?
" . . whaL h) MimA,
)9r
m m m
Follow Iho EXPOMEIVT for ■ho latest Sprioij Slyles.
-WliJr
ADVERTISE IN THE
So Read Your Exponent Advertising
ice-cold Coca-Cola is everylhing refreshment should be ... oclean, excifing taste . . . refreshment you can feel. .. quality you can trust. For complete refreshment it’s all you v/ant and you want it ail. Try it.
Ctb aud ISalaoi
nOTTLED UNliER AUrHOBlTY 01- TCr-COCA-COLA COMPANY by
COCA COLA EOTTJ.ING CO. w . i. ~
LafayotU Indiana *00 trWSt itS qijfillty