‘fA
This Paper Is Free # To Everyone On Campus Take One!
z-m
Foundttd In 1889
Daily Sine* 1906
, Volume 5, No. 5
Tuesday, June 24, 1941
Here It Is! — Date Bureau Open Today Bureau Outside Sweet Shop, To Make Complete Arrangements For Dates By Myra McKee Wanted: For Friday night mixer and subsequent events, 300 assorted blondes, brunettes, and red-heads of all shapes, sizes, and intelligences. Mixed with '300 eds of the same order. Why? Because you were led to believe that Summer Session was packed with fun and lots of it. But now that one week has gone and your spirits have been well dampened by not meeting that man who winked at you the day of registration or the blue-eyed blonde who sits behind you in history class— you doubt it. The mixeis, the picnic, the prom, all going to waste because you can’t find a date. A sad state of ^affairs and a i evolution is biewing. What? A Date Bureau — of course. Where ? In the Union Building justoutside the Sweet Shop. When? Every afternoon starting today from 4 till 6, from Monday through Friday. How ? Stop at the table and sign your name, height, pieference, phone, and before you know it—you have a date. The bureau will call and give you the name, address, and other information concerning your date. The date bureau makes the arlangements—you have a good time. After you register, bureau workers will pair the couples according to stated preferences. You will be called and introductions will be ar- ' ranged for the proper night. Farmers, Breeders Convene Here For Hog Conference Approximately 400 farmers and breeders from nearly every region of the nation interested in Hampshire hogs were on hand yesterday morning for the opening meeting of the third annual Hmapshire Hog Type conference at the University. The, program is scheduled to continue through today. Yesterday morning was spent in a type study of fat Hampshire market hogs. Three classes of market hogs were judged with a committee of farmers, breeders, and swine judges at 20 important Hampshire shows doing the official placing of the animals. The hogs were then loaded into trucks and taken to Armour Packing Company at Indianapolis where they were slaughtered and then returned to the conference for a carcass study today. Yesterday afternoon the hogmen studied types of breeding animals, all brought to the campus from the pure bred Indiana Hampshire breeders. The evening program cons^isted of a banquet in the Purdue Memorial Union building, with Gene Harsch, executive secretary of the national Hampshire breed association, serving as master of ceremonies of an entertaining program. Issue Fraternify Affairs, Office Call For Workers The Fraternity Affairs Office announced yesterday that last semesters’ freshnffen who wish to do work with the office during the regular school year may apply at the office in room 328 of the Union today ancj tomorrow to do summer work and thus gain experience for next Fall.
Staff fnitiates 'Mail Orde/
Annual Summer Session Picnic Barbecue
Defense Work Thursday Afternoon; Plan Recreation
Tn cin -t-n mynrrtrla 4*Y«mmv»nii . ^
In an effort to provide training in mathematics and engineering drawing for workers in defense industries, the University has made available two correspondence courses this summer covering tke fundamentals of the subjects. The courses—“A review of High School Mathematics” 'and “In introduction of Engineering Drawing” —are offered by correspondence'to make the training available to those who are employed and find it impracitical to attend regular classes. The courses can serve as either “refreshers” or may provide needed
instiuction. '
“The increased activity in the defense industries has created a sedefense industries has created’ a scarcity of persons with a satisfactory knowledge of mathematics and engineering diawing,” said C. E. Dammon, director of admissions, in announcing the availability of the correspondence instruction. “At the same time, the situation makes it even more imperative that each person employed in a vital defense industry be well prepared in these subjects which are the language of all technical-industrial operations. Persons who desire to improve their job efficiency, and possibly secure advancement, should take steps to master the fundamentals of mathematics and engineering drawing.” The fee of $11.50 per course includes the cost of the text book and all drill and test ihaterials. Six weeks will be the minimum time allowed for the completion of a course and at least three lessons a week should be completed and returned to the University for correction. Regular staff members will
handle the instruction.
Playshop Revises 'Our Town' Casting Due to several withdrawals, the original cast for “Our Town,” Playshop’s summep production, has been altered, it was announced yesterday by H. Kenn Carmichael, director. Following is the correct list of the cast: Stage mana.ger, Dr. G. Ib. Cummins; Dr. Gibbs, Virgil Lafuse; Joe Crowell, Warren Lull; Howie Newsome, Wally Reynolds; Mrs. Gibbs, Carolyn Wood; Mrs. Webb, Mrs. V. R. Webb; George Gibbs, Haskell Metz; Rebacca Gibbs, Sara Andrew; Wally Webb, Marion Smith, Emily Webb, Becky Ann Pervine; Professoi Willard, Arthur Golden; Mr. Webb, Richard L. Burn ter; Woman in the Balcony, Maurine Hauffman; Simon Stimson, Don Brophy; Mrs. Soames, Carol Bals; Constable Warren, Sterling Shaw; Si Crowell, Pdul Lull; Sam Craig# Asher Levin; Joe Stoddard, Harold Martin; Man in Auditorium, Bill Peterson; First Ball Player, Max Hollabaugh; Second Ball Player, James Hobson; Fust Dead Wonian, Elizabeth Hughes. The production of the play by H. Kenn Carmichael will be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall on the night of July 23rd. Funeral Services Today For Mrs. George W. Jordan Funeral services for Mi’s. George W. Jordan, mother of Prof. Ruth Jordan, in charge of home economics research, will be held at 1:30 this afternoon at the home on the West Side where she died Sunday. Burial will be at Cartersburg Springs Cemetery near Danville.. Surviving beside the daughter is the husband and the following children: Rev. A. P. Jordan, Monmouth, 111.; F. H. Jordan, Huntington, W. Va.; Mrs. Frank Hadley, Danville; Mrs. 0. P. Coombs, Mt. Meridian; and a sister, Miss Tillie Hurin, Danville. f
Coming Convo _ Magician Here Soon
Paul Flefning Not only one of the world’s greatest magicians but also a college piofessor is Paul Fleming (Gemmill) who will present his “Evening in Magic” in the Hall of Music on Thursday evening, July 17. He will be the first magacian ever to appear on a summer session convocation program. Fleming is universally hailed as successor to the great Houdini. He Takes his art seriously and gives one of the most complete productions of magic in the concert field. His work is a strictly professional stage entertainment, the outcome of 25 years of study and platform experience. Trained in legerdemain from early boyhood, Fleming decided after several years of practical stage experience, that ^ College education would make him a better magician. He completed his minimum college education and then went on to get his doctor of philosophy degree from the University of Pennsylvania, where he is now a professor of economics. He is one of the, few men to have gained the unique distinction of being listed twice" in Who’s Who, first as Paul Fleming, magician, and second as Paul Fleming Gemmill, economist and university professor. Fleming’s show consists of the presentation of sleight-of-hand tricks, mental phenomena, pseudospiritualistic manifestations, and stage illusions. It is not the usual exhibition of conjuring, but using handsome stage settings, musical accompaniment, and other deft touches, it is a finished performance. The occasion of his appearance here will be one of the series of summer convocations scheduled by the university committee. It will be open to the student body without charge; tickets for the general public will be placed on sale soon at 25 cents, including tax. P. L. Lucas Wins 10 Acre Wheal Championship P. L. Lucas, of Princeton, Gibson county, has been named Southwestern Indiana 10 Acre Wheat Champion, it was announced Friday by C. E. Skiver, of the soils and crops department, following the conclusion of judging in a contest sponsored by the millers of the district and directed by the University Agricultural Experiment Station as a part of the wheat improvement program. Lucas’ prize winning plot of the Fultz variety was selected by farmei*^ judges on the basis of varietal purity, soil fertility program, and yield, topping the envies from six counties with a score of 97 per cent. It was estimated that the championship 10 acres, selected from a field of‘‘26 acres, would yield 42 bushels per acre.
Reed: Ready Rural Leaders For Shock After Defense Boom Ministers, Community Leaders Here For School What rural leaders can do toward strong local communities to make the most of the oppoitunities of the present and then prepare them to absoib the expected shock' afte rthe flush times of the faiflung defense progiam was cited as a major pioblem facing faim people by Director H. J. Reed, of the agriculture department, in the opening talk at the thirteenth anriual Rural Leadership School. Ruial ministers,'community leaders, and farmer institute workers from thioughout the state came to the University yesterday for the school, which will continue through Saturday. Last night the program was a discussion period for lural ministers on “Let’s Talk Shop” with the Rev. B. K. Johnson of Rising Sun and Rev. A. T. Lull of Vernon, serving as leadeis. Later in the evening Associate Extension Director T. A. Coleman of Purdueand Larry Brandon of the Indiana Farm Bureau leviewed sthe current agiicultuial situation. This morning Prof. 0. G. Lloyd, head of the faim management department, will addiess the school on “Profitable and Friendly Relations Between Landlord and Renter.” Later in the morning Dr. F. B. Knight will discuss problems of rural morale. This" afternoon Prof. J. P. Schmidt will lead an open foium. In the evening’ a program designed for lural ministers will be conducted by the Revs. B. Kr Johnson and A. L. Tull. “The Ca'll of the Forest,” an illustrated lecture, will be 'delivered by Dr. H. N. Wheeler at 8 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge. 200 Custodians Here Today, Tomorrow For Annual Conference Management and maintenance of school buildings and grounds will be considered at the ninth annual conference for custodians and caretakers here today an^ tomorrow. The two-day sessions, sponsored jointly by the Univei’sity and the Division of Vocational Education of the Indiana State Department of Educa'tion, is expected to attract over 200 school custodians, superintendents, principals and trustees. Sanitation of water systems and loof and sheet metal repairs will be taken up at the opening session this afternoon, with B. A. Poole, chief , engineer of the Indiana Bureau of Sanitary Enginereing and Harry Sederberg, of the department of maintenance, Gary public schools, as the speakers. In the afternoon, there will be two separate sessions, one devoted to heating plant problems, and the other to housekeeping problems. At a genial session this evening. Prof. John O. Krahenbuehl, of the University of Illinois, will discuss the fundamentals of School lighting, while Herb C. Curtis, of Indianapolis, will explain the value of the Federation of Non-Teaching School Employees. Acoustic treatment for school buildings and the problems of caring for grounds, shrubs, and lawns will be emphasized on tomorrow morning. An inspection tour of the campus under the direction of William Graher, campus gardner, will provide one of the features.
Ticket Price Goes Up After This Evening Barbecued beef, with all the tiimmings and a full afternoon’s program of games and recreational events are the headline attractions planned for the annual summer session picnic Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Russell Woods northwest of the stadium. Tickets for the event are now on sale at the,, three West Side book stores, the east and west Union desks. Education building, English office, and both men and women’s residence halls. Now selling for 40 cents, tickets will be priced at 50 cents after tonight. All members of the summer session social and recreational committee will be selling tickets on campus today. They may be purchased fiom the following students: Richard T. Adams, Barbara Adkins, Florence Croll, William Darling, George N. Hoffer, Myra McKee, Becky Pervine, Donald S. Powers, James A. Starkey, John L. Traugott, and Marjoiie Williamson. Roscoe Fraser, a past master at preparing barbecues, will serve as master of the barbecue pit at the picnic. Recreational events, which will be similar to the “Games of the Green” programs, have been arranged by Prof. M. L. Clevett, of the physical education department, and Prof. Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women. Children's Hearing Clinic Opens Here; Free Examination A clinic for hard of hearing - children was opened on campus yesterday in connection with the summer session speech studies activities. Prof. M. D. Steer, of the speech department, announced that any child in the community may be brought to the Speech and Hearing Clinic in the basement of University Hall for free examination from 9 to 12 o’clock in the morning and from 1 to 2:30 o’clock this afternoon. Any child accepted for the hearing clinic, for which there will be a nominal tuition fee, will be provided instruction in the use of hearing aids and lip reading. Under the general direction of Dr. Steer, Jayne Shover, speech and hearing supervisor for the East Chicago public schools, is serving as visiting supervisors for the children’s clinic. She is being assisted in hearing work by Thelma Gasser, hearing hygiene teacher of the Kokomo public schools, as well as other high school instructors. Twenty-three children from three different states are at present enrolled in the speech clinic for diagnosis and therapy, while 12 high school teachers are continuing teacher training in lip reading. Naturalist To Discuss Indiana State Parks The stoiy of the Indiana State Park system will be told in a talk, illustrated by pictorial color slides, by Howard Michaud, chief naturalist of the state parks, next Monday evening at 8 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge. The lecture, the first of its kind on the campus, is sponsored by the recreational clhss of the department of physical education fpr women, in order to give Univ.^,rsity students a knowledge of the facilities offered by the state parks.
Teaching Methods Engineers' Keynote At Sessions Here Conclave Opens Sunday After Ann Arbor Meeting Trends of instiuction in mechanical engineeiing and its associated subjects will be considered by engineering education leaders from all parts of the countiy at a fiveday conference to be held at the University, June 29-July 3, under the sponsorship of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education and the Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineers. . A number of men on the University engineering staff aie in Ann Aibor, Mich., this week attending the annual meeting of the Society for the Prom^ion of Engineering Education, a gatheiing of engineering educators from throughout the United States. Many of the visitors at Ann Arbor will come to the University following the sessions there, to attend the conference here on Mechanical Engineering Education. Among those fiom Purdue at Ann Arbor this week are the following: Dean A. A. Potter and Mrs. Potter and their son James, who is head of the physics department at South Dakota State College, assistant Dean and Mrs. W. A. Knapp; Profs. R. B. Wiley, P. S. Rutledge, J. L. Bray, R. N. Shreve, W. J. Cope, C. W. Beese, E. S. and Mrs. Ault, C. L. Lovell, ai?d Mrs. Lovell, H. L. Solberg, G. C. and Mrs. Blalock, L. E. Beck, H. F. Owen, and H. B. Rogers. In addition. Director G. S. Meikle of the Research Foundation and Mrs. Meikle, and Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department are attending the Ann Arbor sessions. I Topics to be presented during the conference here will include course subject matter and its correlation, methods of presentation, evaluation, and administration for the bettern^nt of both student and staff. In general, the meetings will be divided into two alternating series, one in the mornings dealing with general and somewhat conti-o-versial subjects, and the other in theafternoon taking up topics of special interest in separate sessions. Following a buffet supper, the conference will be officially opened Sunday night, June 29, with a discussion of “Aims and Scope of the Mechanical Engineering Curriculum” by A. G. Christie, of Johns Hopkins University. At the opening general session Monday morning, President D. B. Prentice, of Rose Polytechnic Institute, will preside over a discussion of “Specialized vs. General Curricula.” Discussion leaders will include S. W. Dudley, Yale; J. C. Hunsaker, M. I. T., and A. R. Stevenson, eGneral Electric Co. The afternoon will be devoted to separate sessions on heat power, machine design, and process supervision and control. Experimental laboratory methods, engineering thesis and research, machine design, and management are all on the program for Tuesday, while Wednesday will be given over largely to a consideration of teaching aids,-fluid mechanics and hydraulics, manufacturing processes, heat power, and mechan.ical laboratory. The selection and training of a teaching staff and the encoiu'ageraent of selected students to graduate study will be discussed at the closing session Thursday morning. F. V. Larkin, of Lehigh, and L. E. Gripter, of the Illinois Institute of Technology, will be the closing speakers. r
IvSfil 1 ft-^ ^ p ^ K ^ ^ i J ^ ^ ^ ^ J.' ’ J/-^'’ ^ ^ 5 ) jjW^ f ^ ! 4\ ^tjj 4 f f'''^/^A ^ E- ^ ^ ''f t f ^
1
S^eupL 2—£dUA.
Tuesday, June 24, 1941
(pjuAdua. £xfimutnjL
The Fifth Column
The situation seems rather tense these days, what with Franklin, Adolph, and Benito playing close the consulate. The general idea seems to be “yow close mine and I’ll close yours.” And then they’re right back where they started. Except for an unemployment crisis in diplomatic circles. ❖ ^ Jj* Seems to us the best system would have been simply to make the spy system in our consulates better than Adolph’s. At the same time keeping his agents well supplied with new blue-prints. . . . Of old battleships. * s + Which could be delivered by beautiful traitoresses at a nominal sum . . . To cover the cost of handling. >• s{. sj* ^ Or we might run an international contest in which all competing nations tear off the top of an old treaty and mail it in^ith ten cents plus a fifty word theme
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Action 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academ-. ic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscrip-' tions mailed "for 60 cents. PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS Editorial 4005 — PHONES Business 8471
on why they prefer DuPont’s nitroglycerine. The winner to receive detailed specifications for . . . The submarine 0-9. >|t 5|* * And speaking of that ill-fated submarine. We have been doing a little speculating about its demise. First the navy declares it obsolete. Then they recommission it. And finally send it out for a test dive from which it didn’t come up. Proving . . . That they were right the first time. * * H! That the ocean is 402 feet deep in spots. K. J|! SH And adding to the evidence supporting the theory . . . That men can’t live under water.—dkh
No State Stronger Than Its Agriculture-’Malan No state or nation is stronger than its agriculture and those who seek to upbuild that agriculture ard rehdering a service to their nation that is second to none, .declared Dr. C, T. Malan, state superintendent of Public Instruction, who spoke yesterday aj; the opening session of the annual conference of teachers of vocational agriculture at the University. JPr. Malan pointed out the necessity in" agriculture of an operator being acquaintedwith the fundamentals of management and finance the same as in any other business, and the necessity for training in those fields.
+ + Letter... ...to the Editor+ +
We publish the letter-to-the-editor upended bebause it expresses our attitude about the platitudes now being driveled about by the “contemporary bunkshooters.” This letter expresses a kind of idealistic day dreaming that would have been hooted at five years ago when every intelligent person was, ipso facto, a sceptic. Scepticism isn’t so popular anymore, and a great many are now getting to understand that if we are to successfully fight nazism, one kind of extreme idealism, we must have our own kind of idealism, and we must believe in it to the death as the Germaps’ do theirs. There may be a few people who never act on impulse but always look before they leap, always calculate the risks of their action like a pawn broker considering a loan—to be sure that the probable gain is commensurate with the chance of loss. Such men won’t play unless the odds are sufficiently in their favor. But mo^t behavior, as in most spoits is an almost automatic response to instinctive impulses and inherited standards of the not ignoble but herd-loyal barbarian from whom we spring. Thinking, itself, which sometimes guides action, proceeds almost as inevitably from deep, firmly held and often unselfish convictions which to uproot would be to destioy the integrity and character of one’s thought. Calm, calculating selfishness is a small part of most men. No one but such an habitual “pawn broker” would prate that “America is worth defending.” To no one else would the statement seem more tham a truism; the shallowest of platitudes. One might as well say that life is worth living or that babies are worth feeding. Granted that it is within the realm of logical possibility that the negatives of all these statements should be true can we admit that possibly long enough to
argue about it with out at the same time subscribing to propositions that go against nature and that undermine character, especially citizenship? If America seems not worth our defending it then our standards of what is worth while are not those of an American. That, too, is a truism. But if there is any question in our minds about it, if the proposition seems to us to be one that is in need of bolstering up, then, I submit, we are in the class of those scheming sophists who are honest if “honesty is the best policy,” who are meek because “the meek shall inherit the earth.” We are patriots when patriotism pays. Americanism means something deeper than this. It is a faith and a doctrine; itis devotion to a cause and recognition of victory; a confidence in the common man and a declaration of his rights; a sense, like that of Lincoln, of belonging to a gi’eat historical movement, now so mightily accelerated by science, whose goal is to attain, and to extend those rights and finally the confidence that comes from the certain knowledge of great though incomplete progress toward that goal. America is my opportunity to do my job in Uiis world an dto participate in the absorbing human diama of our time. I am a part of her and she of me. She is my own, my native land, and more! She is the army of free men to which I belong—fighting for justice and winning. She is a battalion of trained minds, which I serve, caring foi the wounded in mind and body and healing them. Her banners include kindness, righteousness, competence and progiess; the highest ideals of the human spirit and she is the means for their fulfillment. Is America worth defending ? Is life worth living or will it ever be? In our defense against the corrosive skepticism which prompt such questjons we must stand firm. Every atom of our faith, every particle of our manhood must go into our answer. Life will be worth living because America shall live! In her cause, which is the cause of humanity itself,—in her cause do we pledge our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor. W. E. HOWLAND. Civil Engineering School.
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE-
GARY COOPER DAVID NIVEN — IN — THE REAL GLORY PLUS
THEY MET IN ARGENTINA with MAUREEN O'HARA JAMES ELLISON
STARTS THURSDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS DEAD MAN'S SHOES — PLUS — REPENT AT LEISURE
McFadden To Leave Wesley Foundation The Rev. E. R. Balsley, of New
Carlisle, will succeed William A. McFadden, since 1934 pastor at the University Wesley Foundation, it was announced Sunday at the Northwest Indiana Methodist con-
ference at Battle Ground. Rev. McFadden has been assigned to the Fourth Avenue Church in Terre Haute. Rev. Balsley will move here shortly.
LUMA
TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
^roif --^SS'THAT .. FUELING” 5 0BSRON* VaUOMf An ERNST LUBITSCH IWuotioa lUlw—J thia UnlUd ArtUto
ALSO
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—^2..Hits Richard Arlen - Andy Devine — IN— '
Summe/L (PicmcA^
How to^have a picnic for less than a dollar!! DEAC HAS: 100 napkins ,10c 50 wax cups 5c 8 HOT DINK cups 10c 7 paper spoons and forks 5c 30 cocktail napkins 10c 40 wax sandwich bags 10c 6 paper plates 10c 5 piece paper set napkins and table cover .. .10c /
Make Your Next Date a Picnic
Preserve The Interior And Exterior of your house with Pittsburgh Paints Complete line oi Wall Paper, moderate priced— Glass for all purposes! HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
TODAY - WEDNESDAY FaramounI Presents I WANTED WINCS^ Marring *AV Willi AM MlUAND-NOLDEN . WAYHi IRIAN NORRISDONLEVY
viiitii Constance Moore •..Veronica Lake *Haiiry€aVenport-Directed by MirCHEiffitEiSEN
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.—
yAJif TODAY - WEDNESDAY A price on his heoil... revenge in his henrtl
M-G-M pres«nlt
Wirt BRIAN I mam
-THURSDAY-FRIDAY-
IN TECHNICOLOR!
OBERON HAYWORTH
RALPH CEOROE JAMES BELLAMY • TOBIAS • GLEASON HATTIE McDaniel • ieromb cowan
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioined For Economy .... The Lahr Hotel
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M C “Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40 i
• School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
WrUA'p/eYE-TTE
LATEST BOOKS,r BEST .'AUTHORS 3c PER DAY' - 10c MliNIMUM
Relate your POWDER to your ney costume color / Start with the proper Elizabeth Arden Powder Foundation . 77 and you'll be delighted at your own success in colors you thought you couldn't wearl Then follow through with Miss Arden's exquisite powders. ILLUSION for a light, fresh look; CAMEO for a beautiful mat translucence. And, for a very velvety, uniform effect, try CAMEO over illusion. ^ lUUSIOI^ 1.75, 3.00 . > I CAMEO ,2.00 ,3.00 AU DAY FOUNDATION CREAM, 1.00 FEATHER UOHT FOUNDATION CREAAV, 1.00
Juxki Street Floor — Front''V
^ f* " 1, > f^ i 4
I
T I
* , (kSI I
' AH]
* , (kSI I
' AH]
pu/idusu £xfajfmdL
Tuesday# June 24# 1941
John W. Schwab . . ; extension hog specialist of the University, will leave tomorrow
for Cedar Rapids, lowaj to address the annual national Poland China Improvement Conference, which will be* held Thursdaiy and Friday.
LEARN TO PANCE CORRECTLY NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR SUMMER BALLROOM CLASSES BEGINNER'S FRI./JUNE 27, 6t30 P. M. V TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL ADVANCED FRI., JUNE 27, 7:45 P. M. 8 LESSONS $5.00 SUMMER RATES PHONE 2150 OR 6215
6th & FERRY
Here are the clothes you need to make you look right and feel right in ail summer sports. Clothes you'll be proud to wear anywhere and clothes that give you plenty of freedom for action. Our July specials offer you a large variety of va I ues in aH f iner qua I ity sportswea r. Stock up for that vacation or the rest pf the season at savings.
sports participants. White and all Gdlors.
FIRST-—put your dirtiest clothes on so you can get under your car. SECOND—equip yourself with lots of good strong words such as “damn," “oh hang" and such to use when oil falls in your eye or you loose a nut. THIRD—^buy yourself a complete set of wrenches. These are neceSsory to let the oil and dirt fall on your Hose. Also get some skin to graft onjrour fingers when the wrenches slip. FOURTH—be sure to get the best parts that money con buy. Anderson's have these for you. FIFTH—be sure that you make the moving parts fit as specified by the manufacturer. This usually requires special equipment, but you can use \your _ V eye for precision. SIXTH—look to see that all wrenches, nuts and bolts are out of the motor. Or if this seems too much trouble, just coll Anderson's Garage. They'll diagnose your trouble for you and then do a thorough job with the finest precision instruments and. equipment.
"After You We Cortie Fir$t" 525 Alabama St. Phone 4049
Two-piece slack suits in cool, lightweight materials. Fill the bill for every outdoor summer purpose. Variety of shades.
SPORT, SHIRTS $1.00 up
500MAINST
Budgets, one of the topics which causes more discussion than anything else in both private homes and public institutions, was the principal topic yesterday before the annual training school fraternity for house mothers at the University with W. A, Bodden, assistant controller of the University as the speaker. Bodden took budgets apart, telling how and why they were prepared, and then explained what steps were necessary to live within the budgets. Mrs. Harding Cecil, vice-presi-dent of a large clothes shop at Evanston, 111., spoke on grooming and personal appearance, and Dr. Harriet O'Shea of the Purdue staff discussed “Psychology of the Adolescent.’’ Dean Jeannette Scudder of the University of Arkansas, said to be the youngest dean of women in the country, visited the school Monday. Miss Scudder is a Purdue graduate. A tea for the house mothers and University guests was held at 4 o’clock yesterday at the Women's Residence Hall. At a bridge party for the visitors Saturday evening, prizes were won by the following: Mrs. Mildred Hendry, Coolidge, Ariz.; Mrs. Ethel Dahn, Rockford, 111.; Mrs. Albert Colley, Evanston, 111.; Mrs. Berth^ Holmes, Omaha, Neb.; Mrs. Ele^ nore Tyrell, Oak Park, 111., and Mrs. Dora Combs, Syracuse, N. Y. A total of 136 women are enrolled for the course. Profs. Ewing, Caldwell Attend AIEE Convention Prof. D. D. Ewing and Prof. C. W. Caldwell of the School of Electrical Engineering and Mrs. Caldwell have returned from Toronto, Can., where they attended the annual convention of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers last week. Caldwell, vice-president of the Central Indiana Section of the AIEE, was the delegate from' . this group to the national gathering. V \ Two University Grads Join Farm Bureau Staff Two University graduates, Thomas Parkison, Jasper coimty, 1938 class, and Glen Boyd, 1941 graduate, from Hancock county; have been added to the staff in the livestock marketing department of the Indiana Farm Bureau. Both boys have been pronlinent in 4-H club work, first as members and then as lea,ders. Parkison has been assistant coiunty agent and club leader in Henry county the last three years. ' ■■ Prof.R B,Crepps Prof. E. B. ,Grepps and K. B^ Woods of the School of Civil Enginefering are in Chicago this ^ek to attend the annual meeting of the American Society for Testing Materials. ' '
Send Him a Gift! Here are some suggestions; A handy odds and ends kit... A box of SOUTHWORTH’S STATIONERY . . . A good book ... IHcture frames . .. ANY OF THE FINE GIFTS YOU WILL FIND AT^
GOGK&SlfHY nCK
flKK ITRCCT WEST LAFAYETTE INQ'V'.'.-*''•
'S<,
',^r.. '■': ^■
pa^ ^%oiiaiA,
Tuesday/Jtine 24/1941
puAjdm, £xp0mjhJL
' ' - , ■ .V -. ■ .. -
a
ENJOY GOOD FOOD THIS SUMMER
JJuL QapdsihuL ...
is featuring delicious meals, temptingly served to satify the taste of any connoisseur; Trained technicians and clean kitchens insure you the cleanest and largets variety of food in town.
JhsL 'SiJuU,...
WEEKDAYS
7:00
a. m.
11:00 a.m.
5:00 p.]
9:00
a. m*
1:00 p. m.
7:00 p.
SUNDAYS
8:00
a. m.
11:45 a.m.
5<00 p.
9:30
a. m.
1:45 p.m.
7:00 i>.
For quick and efficient service. Here you may enjoy delicious plate lunches in a quiet and pleasant surrounding. WEEK DAYS 7:00 a. in. — 11:00 ji. m. 9:00 a. m. —- 11:00 p.m.
JhsL ChsL&inut dhojvL . It’s Different . . • It’s Quiet.. ; . It’s Comfortable . . . WEEK DAYS 11:00 a. m. -— 5:30 p. m. 1:30 p.m. — 7:30 p. m. SUNDAYS. ' , 11:4S a. m.-^ -r— 5:30 p. m. 2:00 pf in. 7:30 p. m.
The Corner of the Campus-