1^4,
1 ' ’/v '/‘'z y.‘y^'i ;;; ' ‘^'s,'* ^ ''
. ' ' / Executive Committee Grants July 3
Established 1889
xf2(Uiem w Just Because
At the semi-monthly meeting of the Executive Committee! yesterday afternoon, the committee approved the Student Senate’s petition that the University suspend classes on Sattti^y, July 3, and ]\fonday, July 5. The Independence Day vacation is the only recess of classes that will be given during tKe’feifomer semester. The usual $5 penalty fee will be' assessed to students Who'tU’e absent from classes the day preceding and the day follo'^iig the vacation.
Volume 56, No. 21
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, June 15, 1943
AWS Allows 2 A. M. Hours For Summer Prom Lord Halifax Will Speak Monday f . . To 12 Midnight; Tickets Will Go Regarding British-American Relations On Sale Tomorrow For $1.65
4-H Members Hear Butz
University To Suspend Classes From 2To3P. M. So Students
May See, Hear Ambassador Speak On Youth Problems
1,400 Club Leaders
Viscount Halifax, ambassador to the United States and former British Foreign Secretary, will speak to students, faculty and townspeo^^le next Monday at 2 p. m. in the Music Hall. According to Prof. F. C. Hockema, Halifax will confine his remarks to a discussion of cordial relations between Britain and the United States. Classes will be suspended from 2 to 3 p. m.
next Monday to enable students to attend the convocation. Townspeople are especially invited to hear the am-
bassador.
Gentleman, scholar, sportsman, and devout churchman, Lord Halifax has sometimes been called the “saintliest character in British public life.” Succeeding to the viscounty at the age of 53, he became foreign secretary and was considered by some to be the most influencial behind-the-scenes member of Chamberlain’s National Govern-
ment.
High British Aristocracy Friendly, quietspoken, with a natural dignity and chainn, Halifax represents the highest type of British aristocrat, and since March,
Tenth Naval Group To Receive Ratings
Canners Arrive Under New Ruling
For 5-Day Study
Witness Theta Alpha Phi Skit
Beere Announces Ye//ow Sox Recent Promotions Beat All-Stars
Of Military Staff
Colonel D. M. Beere, Commanding Officer of the University
Approximately thirty experienced technicians from midwestern tomato canning factories arrived at the University yesterday for an intensive five-day refresher course in the newer methods of determining the bacteria and fungus growth in canned goods, along with the ten representatives who today completed a three-day beginners train-
ing course.
The students, all employees of canning-factories, are being trained to serve as laboratory technicians to insure that the sorting operations
Dr. Earl Butz, of the University farm management stalf, gave a short talk before approximately
Sailors of the 10th company at fourteen hundred 4-H Club memthe Naval Trainihg School will hold bers at the convocation yesterday
their graduation program Thurs- afternoon. He advised the g’roup of B.O.T.C. unit announces the promoday at V p. m. in the Music Hall af- youthful rural leaders that, ’’The tions of Field Artillery Officers, ter completing their IG weeks train- young men and women of America Major Walter H. Hathaway and ing in electrical engineering. must train themselves as never be- Major Charles W. Messersmith to According to a new order issued fore to think intelligiently in terms the ranks of Lieutenant Colonel,
to the commanding officer here, ap- of economic and social problems.” proximately half of the men gradu- ”It is not enough to be an effiating Thursday will receive 3rd cient producer of livestock,” sajd
1939, he has more than earned the of tomato products comply with enmity of the Nazis. federal and state laws. Yet in the summer of 1940 H. G. Sponsored by the Indiana CanWells was pressing for the removal ner’s Association, the canners’ techof Halifax from Churchill’s cabinet nicians schools are in the general along with other men connected charge of Mrs. Gertrude Kissell,
men
with the policy of appeasement. Wells, thinking of the distrust of British intentions abroad, is quoted as saying, “The man I want to see go is Halifax, the quintessence of what all English-speaking men should be afraid of. As a British citizen, I have never been so misrepresented as by the present Foreign Minister.” He grew up on a spacious estate in Yorkshire, where he was riding almost before he could walk, in spite of disability of a withered left arm. He went from Eton to Oxford, where he was an undergraduate of Christ Church. Through his 20’s Lord Halifax led the life of a coun(See HALIFAX, Page 4)
National Canners’ Association, Washington, D. C., assisted by representatives of national canneries. Navy, Marine Reserves Those who have received their orders to report for active duty at Purdue on July first should confer with the head of their school with reference to schedule of subjects to be carried in Navy V-12 program. —KNAPP AWS Board There will be no AWS Executive Board meeting tonight.
—VIET
receive
class electricans ratings instead of the rating being given to all those who passed the course satisfactorUnder Command of Lt. Somers The company under the command of Lt. (j.g.) Lee Somers has been stationed at the Univeisity since Saturday, February 28, when they arrived from various Naval Training stations throughout the coun-
try.
Menjn the lower half of the class will receive strikers ratings. When sufficient proficiency has been
Dr. Butz. “Our farm boys and girls must be efficient organizers of the society in which they live. Our de-moci-acy will weather the war and post-war reconstruction periods safely only if today’s youth train themselves to assume positions of responsibility sooner than any of them now anticipates.” The program closed for the afternoon with a dramatic sketch by member’s of Theta Alpha Phi, dramatics honorary, concerning the definition of “H” for “Head”. The skit gave an incident in the life of
shown, the men will be advanced to^ the typical farm family during the 3rd class electricians’ ratings. war emergency. Top men in the class will be This morning the program will awarded prizes at the graduation, open with a broadcast in Eliza according to custom and short talks Fowler Hall, with delegates and will be given by the commander of leaders participating. In the afterthe comany and a representative of noon along with music and singing the men graduating. under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, there will be a talk by Dr. m j| j « Lowell Hardin of the University. X OuaY S Jt/OUOT The third of the dramatic
as found in a student’s paper by the
sketches will close the afternoon
Committee on Standards in Eng- program. At 6:30 in the evening
lish: “After the war the people started to expand much more rapidly than they had before.” Thus the advent of girdles, huh?
No Time For Vacations... Salzedo Ensemble Ended Pullman Existence Saturday
By Mary Jo Hablas — “I pay rent in New York, but my and Rene Le Roy have made up the them,” he home is a Pullman”, said Carlos Salzedo Ensemble, the quartet has Salzedo in an interview Saturday played in every state in the Union, evening, and one could certainly un- “The reception is generally excelder^tand why. The concert tour of lent in all parts of the country,”
the Salzedo Ensemble iwhich culmi- Salzedo said.
nated with the performance in the As far as he himself is concerned. Music Hall Saturday night be^’an he especially remembers the na
said. He really enjoys
maintaining his heavy schedule. There is no such thing as a “typi-
cal” day for him. They are all dif- war with Japan broke out. Within
there will be the 4-H Club banquet to be followed by 4-H Club parties
at 9 p. m.
At the evening meeting of the round-up, the group was entertained by John Yueh, Chinese student oh the campus, who talked on they subject “Youth of China Today’l \ China’s people comprise one-fifth of the world’s population, according to Yueh, but only one of every thousand Chinese children goes to grammar school, one of every ten thousand to high school, one of eveiy hundred thousand to college, and only one in a million comes to the United States for a college edu-
cation.
Saw Classmates Tortured Yueh lived in the second largest city of China, Tientsin, when the
Other promotions made at this time include Captain Edward McMaken to Major, 1st Lieutenants James W. Howard and Gene A Hesterberg to captains, and 2nd Lieutenant Hale S. Jewett to 1st Lieu-
tenant.
Lieut. Colonels Hathaway and Messersmith, Major McMaken and Captain Robert E. Pulver, after serving approximately two years on the Military Staff at the Univei'sity, are being transferred to Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where they will be temporarily assigned to the Field Artillery Replacement Training Center. After a short tour of duty at the Training Center, they are scheduled to attend the Advanced Course at the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill. Daploma Fees For' ROTC Studenl^s Students in the second year Advanced R.O.T.G. who finish their class work on June 29 and are candidates for degrees at the end of the Summer Term are advised to pay their diploma fees before leaving. This fee ($5.00) must be paid before August 10. —RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Orchestra Will Feature Specialty Acts; Vocalists, Comedians In Variety PrograiQ AWS Judicial Board met yesterday afternoon and officiaiHy
announced that coed hours will be extended to 2 a. m. Satur-
day nigh't, June 19, for the summer formal prom. The hours were set at 2 a. m. instead of 3 or 5 a. m. as has
been the custom at former proms, the reason being that the dance is scheduled on a Saturday night. It is a University regulation that no dance band
can play after 12 midnight Saturday nights, so Maestro ^BiU Bardo and his orchei^a ,Ha^e been contracted to play from
8:30 until 12.
There will be dancing m both ballrooms of the Union* Ti^ets will go on sale tomorrow outside the door of the Sweet Skop^^r a $1.65 and may be purchag^ throughout the remainder of tke week and at the door, the night of
the dance.
Sally Shanne, Vocalist
Bill Bardo and his orchestra, organized two years ago, features Sally Shanne and Col. Marvin “Ace” Hamby, vocalists, “Piffeies” Jaeger, comedian, and the “WPA Boys”. ^ -I. Bardo’s band is known for its
an exceptionally shifty player and versatility being able to play kit William Hsiao also of the Chinese types of music—“sweet” , takes, team made some outstanding plays “hot” tunes, waltzes, rhHmh^, during the game. . congas or semi-classical. Everyone Hans Wormser of the Cary Hall contributes to the entertainpifint team was especially good on corner- with the result being a Variety kicks and another team member, show since his idea is to pleaae the Vargas, was very good at using his dancers with all the elements ol«k-
The all-Chinese Yellow Sox ti’ounced the Cary Hall All-Star soccer team last Saturday afternoon on the Women’s Athletic Field
by a score of 5 to 1.
The Sox won their game in the first half, making four of their five goals, one of which was the result of a penalty kick. The Cary Hall team made their only goal by a. penalty kick. Penalty kicks are quite rare and usually result in goals which was the case in Saturday’s
game.
Wu, Hsiao Outstanding
G. B. Wu of the Yellow Sox was
head in this game which does not allow the use of the hands, only the
head and feet.
Rules New To Cary Hall Team The game was quite odd in that certain situations occurred which don’t usually happen in such contests. This was due to the fact that the players were not too well acquainted with the side rules. The Chinese boys were at an advantage over the All-Stars in that they knew the rules and have had more experience in the sport. The Cary Hall boys gained from their mistakes during the first half but were unable to offset the lead of the Yellow Sox in the last period of the game even though they put uo a (See YELLOW SOX, page 4)
tertainment compounded into one balanced organization. A. Ohirogge, S. Miles . . .' will give a critical evaluation of the long time fertility expeiiments at the next meetings of tjiie Soil Science Society of Indiana on Wednesday June 16 at 7 p. m. ii* room 118 of Agricultural Hall. Marriage Course Meets tonight at 7:30 at the Union. Subject of the lecturp be, “Religion In Marriage” Speakers will be Reverend Mullen, Rabbi Simon and Father Holland. —WILKENING.
Cherubs Of Mercy... Nurses Aides Find Training Not All Gruelling Drudgery
ferent.
Salzedo has been composing music since he was seven and he regularly includes some of his coin-
last October in Massachusetts. During the intervening months the quartet had some leisure time now and then, but the length of the tour
necessitated'' much traveling. It would seem that transpoi’ting
such large instruments as the two harps the group uses would lead to difficulty occasionally, but Salzedo
turalness and friendliness of the positions on the program. The haip-
audiences in N. Dakota and Iowa. The Ensemble’s next series of concerts will begin in Washington in July, and from there they will go to Maine. President Of Harpist Club Besides accompanyipg the other
ist came to America from his native France just after the first World War, and has been a naturalized American citizen for some time. The formation of this talented group was no accident. Salzedo had kept in contact with LeRoy who remained in France. The flutist was
he should
two months the Japanese had contiol of the city and the first thing they did w'as to tear down the universities and torture the students. “I saw my class mates hanged from the trees by their feet and tortured, but they were not allowed to die,” was a typical commentary on the treatment he witnessed.
By Sonia Swerdloff
Life is neither a bed of roses nor a mattress of thorns. Into this same category falls the work of the nurse’s aide; it is not merely stroking the brow of a handsome, charming ed, nor is it all hard, gruelling
diudgeiy.
A pleasanter subject for the audi- Cross.
three on the piano Salzedo is a com-
sgid he has never experienced the poser as well as being president of undecided as to whethe
sensation of being ready to g^ve a the Harpists’ Club of America. All
in all he never averages more than six hours of sl^ep a night and usually the amount is closer to five hours. “Does the President ever have a vacation?” he asked when quizzed about whether he has had one re-
ence to think about was the Chinese system of date.s which he explained next. The boys and girls gather at someone’s house and dance and
performance only to be minus his instruments. They have always been handled efficiently ami gently along their route of travel and have never failed to arrive on time. During the time Carlos and Mar-
come to America or not when Sal- make merry all evening, and then
zedo sent him a cable asking him to pair off to go home.
jorie Call Salzedo, James Scholz cently. “Leaders have no time for
join his ensemble. At the same time the harpist contacted Scholz who had been playing for several years in a quai'tet in the States. The four of them have been together now for
three years.
He confined the discription of his escape to America to the words “The Japs are pretty dumb, I think”. American food was a problem at (See 4-H MEMBERS, page 4)
vaccines and given tuberculin tests, to fill the position of practiesl Perform Various Duties nurses. They will also have exAfter these preliminary matters hilirated and satisfying feelak[ the girls are ready to begin their comes from having participated m actual work which, as the name im- alleviating the sufferings of fellow
plies, is to assist the overworked men.
nurses. Since the war began, doc- Aides Urgently Needed tors and nurses have joined our Unfortunately many girls. ,wd
When on duty the.se aides wear armed forces, leaving those left be- women who lushed to join thoraoits very attractive uniforms. These hind to attend to two or three times when it came into existeace stopped outfits, which are universal, consist aiuch work as they could normal- attending when they d^cov^sed
ly handle. To try and alleviate this that they were to work, not mondY state of affairs, the nurses’ aides entertain and amuse the p^tiep^s, were introduced. Tins is a pity because the aidog are 111 addition to the duties enu- urgently needed in the present merated above, these future Angels emergency. Those who havg roof Mercy walk with patients who mained faithful, however^ show have reached the ambulating stage, much satisfaction in their worh. It serve fruit juices in the morning at is the individual, herself, who iaffhe ten and in the afternoon at two, ar- deteimiiie character in this citcam-
range flowers, answer calls, and stance.
engage in similar useful and vital For anyone with an aptitudOi.&r tasks. nursing, or a desire to aid th^ war As is the case with everything, effort in some capacity, posi* this work offers many advantages tion offers a most desirable to counter balance the time and ef- tunity. It is a chance to ^ssist,$;^'8 fort that is put into it. Afteh the self, one’s fellowmen, and.
war, nurse’s aides will be prepared country.
of short sleeved white cotton blouses, and light blue pinafores with straps that crisscross in the back. On the sleeve is the insignia
Before entering active duty these apprentices undergo a training course for about six weeks; during this period they learn to tajie (temperatures, give bed bachs, clean beds aiiticeptically, and to perform other similar duties. However, they cannot give any medication since their training is too incomplete to
permit them to do so.
Because of their environment, each aid is inoculated with variouswmBW"
Purdue Exponent Tuesday, June
fee #» ■
ci- ^
Purdue Exponent
»'fi
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Menaorial Union, Phone 4005, ' SpofH, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Bani>r*nr_^E>Ar6 flenorarr Edita
_ Editor — ■diteniry Ensindsa Manaeer.
With the Colors
....Willlnm O. Hoskins Dale E. Butz ..Gerhard !!■ Klonman
E4ibir i^^nMB Menaser Karra Editor Hanaatne Editor Aovartlsins Manager..
aiM Editor
ea Editor..
..Robert W. BoswinUe Mary dllt! ..Solly Beall Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dawsor Jean Lauei
ft;
jJ-'-'-i-yPublication Staff fi \ Editorial Staff
,„late Editors: H.i B. Abbett, C. C. Mnrtindell, E. F. Murphy, W. H. iPyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. 'd^ Staff: Ruth Ford, Madclyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards,
Business Staff
&if!Ad»erti6lng Manager: C. L. Gaunt.
iiDiret ■■
JinCtor; J. B. Tabb.
littaii Manager: R. G. Sauerman
Editorrin-Chief....
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Howes Sports Editor: Ford Day Editor: Grotnes Issue Editor: Abbeti Reporters: Stcifes, Georgesoa, Hablas, SwcrdlofI, Garrett, Margolis.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 anB at the special rate of postage provided for in . section -1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 ■ Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1.2B for a semester ; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the. West Desk of the* Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
University Stand 0n ERC Status ...
Pui^due students have been quick to blame the University officials for their lack q| faith in presenting the true picture of conditions concerning the Enlisted Reserve Corps and the Navy Reserves. The students have felt that the majority of the blame rested on tlie shoulder- •-t thv University, which on the whole is a vtiv erroneous conception of the actual facts. The University officials became very disguested with the constant change of orders that were being issued from Washington concerning the status of the ERS’s. The Expo-; nent at the time of this flow of misinforrnatioii concerning the ERC became very vocal in its denunciation of Washington’s policy, and these editorial slaps caused such a furor th’at some Washington officials were sure that tbe Exponent had the wrong student as the editor of a patriotic college newspaper. One of the high University officials, who was in Washington at the time, supported the Exponent’s contention that there was far too much monkey business in Washington. The Purdue^ students did not ‘know this, and they at once blamed the University for their call to active duty in the Army. The University had done what it thought best in advising the students to'join the ERC in the hope that they would get a chance to finish school. The Uiiiversity was blamed for the special speed up course for the Navy Reserves that Was, offered after the beginning of the regular semester, and the fact that the students had to stay in school under the special program if they could arrange a schedule or forfeit all the fees they had paid at the first of the semester. This Navy program cannot wholly be blamed on the University for it was doing its best to help-the students along in their school work before they were called to duty by giving them the bhance to remain in school. Undoubtedly, the University would have been a little more justv if it had allowed the students to drop out offsi^pol until they received their orders and give back a large percentage of their fees. When it was finally decided that there would be a special semester starting around July 1 for the Navy men, the University was given only three days to prepare a program for the Nav-y Reserves who would be taking the special eight week semester. The University naturally could not be expected to have everything ironed out in such a short time. President Elliott and many of the University, faculty have done their best to give the students who are in the various reserves a chance to get as much schooling as possible under the present war circumstances. They have hot enjoyed some of. the things that Washington has done, for they would like to stay as close to the .same old program as they could. The faculty also likes summer vacatibns once in a while, but many of them have realized that the time is not right for such moves. The i piece of advice is, “Don’t blame, the Lio '.' ^sity for all your military schooling mixups, but take a good look at Washington to .see if everything is in“order and everyone is in complete agreement over your future schooling problems.”—h.b.a.
qi.
GRIM AND BE AR IT
♦m R«z U. S.-P.lt.bW,
MERRY-60-ROUND
ly DREW^ PEARSON
yisiting Foreign Dignitaries Get Streamlined View Of U. S. A.;
Jones May Have To Hitch-Hike
Washington—So many Presidents and Prime Ministers have been visiting Washington that State Department protocol experts have worked out a production line system for handling visiting dignitaries. The pattern of entertainment is set from the time the basic structure is begun at the White House, until the finished product is delivered aboard the outgoing plane at Miami. Whether it he the President of Bolivia, Liberia, Czechoslovakia, or Paraguay, there is always a one-night-stand at the White House with a formal dinner, followed by three days at the stately Blair House across Pennsylvania Avenue, where new green sod was laid in the front lawn just beTore the season opened. Detroit is the next stop^ where a tour of Willow Run wearies the visitor^’ legs but amazes their, minds at American production, and where Henry Ford (now that Edsel is dead) entertains at lunch. In the afternoon, they see skeletons of tanks at one end of the Chrysler liney then finished tanks at the other. Finally they take a ride to see what the interior of a tank is like. • Buffalo displkys its aii’craft next day, with luncheon by Burdette Wright of Curtiss-Wriglity and dinner by Larry Bell of Bell Aircraft. At New York, the visitors stay in the presidential suite at the Waldoi'f, and move about the town behind motorcycle police. From one city to another, they ride in a pair of luxury Pullmans, of which the Presidential car is equipped with five bedrooms and two lounge rooms. All in all itia a breath-taking experience. Axis countries started entertaining Latins .abroad before we did, but if we learned the trick from them, we added wrinkles they never thought of. Most important wrinkle is that we give an indelible impression that the United States is producing the men and the materials which will win the war.
. ,K.', . ' ■ -
By Jack Abfeett
Pantelleria, Lampedusa and Linosa have given the Axis world a vague idea of what might be.in store for them as far as bombing attacks are concerned. But bombing Sicily out of the war is on a little diffei'ent scale and will require much more than,just bombs; In the first place-, the islaild of Sicily has its own water subply> which was one of the deciding factors in the fall of the three Italian Is- —-—^— ——
land fortresses. Sicily also has Atlantic Charter there is little an area of 9,935 square miles rejoicing. One reason for this lack i . r ■ i. u u of faith in the Russian promises which )/s quite an area to bomb ^^3;, j^ea out of the war. The United or plan behind. Communist Russia is Nations will at last get a one of reaction, but whatever the chance to put their foot on Euro- reasons there is little faith in this pean soil again after the heavy country that the Russians will live bombers of the United States and vP to the peace treaty other than England give Sicily the best remod- that which will best serve themeling job she has had since first ere- selves. Even now, Ameiican solated. Allied forces in Africa are diers in all branches of the seiyice about rested up and should be just s-i'e betting on a war with Russia as spoiling for another ci'ack at their ^ direct aftermath of this pre.sent
“If the government is good enough to roll back the price of liquor, a fellow ought to show his appreciation, oughtn’t he?”
University Calendar Tuesday, June 15
fast moving enemy. If Sicily should war. fall, dear Musso might just as well , - pack his Italian suitcase and go see
the Leader, for he will undoubtedly Personnel Notes
have callers just as soon as a Sicilian air base falls into allied hands.
■ . -X-X-— . - '
The constant patrol ' action around New Guinea has netted the South Pacific forqes quite a haul in enemy shipping, and has forced the Japs to forget that they Were once going to attack Australia. Even the increased sinkings of Jap ships by our submariues in and around Ja-
Companies scheduled to vi,sit the
campus:
Westinghotise Electric & Manu? tacturing Co., Pittsburj,h, Pennsylvania—Tuesday, June 1!5, Interested in August AUd December M.E., E.E., Met.E., Ch.E., P.S.E. Pitt.sburgh Plate Glas.s Co., Bar-
berton, Ohio—Date to he announced
pan itself has brought in good re- later. Interested in August and De-
All Day 8:00 A.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
Jesse Jones Wants A Ride
Jesse Jones would like to liitch-hike to Newport News next Saturday, and take Mrs, Jones along.. For the moment, he doesn’t see any other way of getting there. The occasion is the launching of the new cruiser, Houston, for which Jesse’s home town folks raised $84,000,000 in war bonds, after the sinking of the old Houston in the Pacific.-. But the boats that used to run from Washington to Norfolk and Newport News ai-e limping along with a limited service, while a train ride would involve day coach travel from Richmond, possibly standing in the aisle. As for taking a plane, Mrs. Jone.s puts her foot down firmly, remembering all too keenly that accident a .few years ago when her husband escaped death in Louisiana only because the pilot, wrapped in flames, remained at the controls, and made a landing which caused his own death but saved the passengers. Finally, Jesse is scrupulous about using his own car for what would he pleasure driving. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
All Day 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
All Day 9:30 A.M. 6:30 P.M.
All Day 12:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
9:30 A.M. 8:30 P.M.
4-H Club Rround-Up ^ Cauners Technician School ...Hort. Building Conservation Show Room 117, Hort. Bldg. 4--H Club Banquet and Dance.. .N. & S. Ballrooms, Union Alpha Phi Omega Meeting .Room 307, Union Inter-Varsity Chris. Fellowship....j.Room 302, Union Marriage Course ; Room 363, Union Wednesday, June 16 4-H Club Round-Up Cauners Technician School , ..Hort. Building ASME Meeting !...Room 103, Physics Bldg. Soil Science Society of Indiana... Room 118, Ag-Hall Thursday, June 17 Canners Technicial School Hort. Building Child Welfare Room 263, Union Dinner Bridge ,.E. Factdty Lge., Union Friday, June 18 Canners Technician School Hort. Building Ind. Com. Sec. Ass’n Room 330, Union Victory Garden Leaders... ...Room 263, Union Cary Club Dance.:..... N. Ballroom, Union / Saturday, June 19 Ind. Com. Sec. Ass’n.. W. Faculty Lge., Union Mixer , North Ballroom, Union
suits, but the Japs will not give up and are continuing to send large fleets of ships to the Sdlith Pacific in an attempt to strengthen their island defenses. Jap troops are also being sent to China and Burma. This leaves us with the question of just how many men the Japs have on their island homeland. If there were some way by which this might be determined (the War or Navy Department might already know the answer) this war could possibly end much faster than originally planned. —X-X— President Roosevelt and his New Deal friends have developed very friendly relations with Russia, but for some unexplainable reason the American people refuse to have full faith in the Russian Bear. -Even yvhen Stalin says that he will obey
cembor Ch.E., M. E.
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment. Gu.stin-Bacon Manufacturing Co., Kansas City, Mis.souri—Interested in M.E., Ch.E. Armour & Co., Chicago, Illinois— Interested in Cheinists, Ch.E. Celanese Corporation of America, Cumberland, Maryland—Interested in M.E., Ch.E. The B. F. Goodrich Co„ Alcron, Ohio-Interested in students with training in personnel administration. , 7'he Gruen Watch Co., Cincinnati, Ohio—Interested in E.E.
Fashions For Femmes
By Nita Garrett
Something To Sli^t About...
The pendulum is .shifting. In bygone days at Ole Bjjrdue, when girls were feminine and
engineering was something that attracted only the males, we women complained about the crudeness, the uncouthness of the masculine attire. Why, dirty cords, screaming plaid shirts and unshaved whiskers were just “too, too awful!” But the good old days are gone, and the era of the woman engineer .. . the RCA, the Cur-tiss-Wright and the Wright Field girl ... is here. Now, it is a fine thing that these girls are volunteering their service to help in the war effort and ar6 jumping bravely into the difficult study and hard work of learning to be engineers. What we bemoan is the fact that some of these female lathe-operators and machinists have adopted the same uncouth attire that the Purdue girls always scorned on the men. Yes, they’ve adopted this attire . .. and then some. The pendulum ha:s not swung gently from the era of sloppy masculine attire to slovenly feminine attire ... it has taken a big leap. The work these girls do is dirty, greasy and hot. But we don’t think this excuses the transgressors from paying attention to normal rules of etiquette and cleanliness. It ju.st seems that they could-ta^e a few minutes to change into fresh, feminine clothes before leaving labs . . . and leave their greasy work overalls in the confines of Mike’.s Castle, or wherever their labs chance to be. And. not only do we dislike to see greasy overalls striding along the campus walks; we think these coed.s add insult to injury by rolling the overalls up to their knees ., . . and, often, by letting their shirt tails fly in the hot June breeze. As is often the case when women adopt masculine interests, they carry them to an extreme to which the men never ventured. As long as we’ve been at Purdue, we’ve never known the engineering men to wear their .shop clothes on the campus. Why can’t the girls profit by this example? And one last thing. We don’t mean to be prudish, but We surely do shudder a bit at the sight of one of these overall clad lassies strolling along the campus walks with a cigarette dangling from her dainty lips. Purdue coeds have usually been womanly enough to confine their smoking to building entrances or specified places . . . and its a good tradition to continue.—^m.j.l.
This summer coeds are taking a leaf from tlie interior decorator’s notebook for their fashion ideas. Pastel chintzes that heretofore would never have become anything more exciting than a slip-cover for a sofa or a pair of draperies have suddenly found themselves hugging the curves of some of the most delectable coeds on campus. Coutouriers are whipping up chintzes covered with huge, splashy flower prints or broad stripes, and even other upholstery fabrics into anatomy hugging torso dresses and slim-jacketed suits. The suits still retain, from their, slip-cover days no doubt, the box pleating in the skirts, but entirely without detriment to the appearance of the suit. Another favorite trick of interior decorators, clipping the design froln howei’ed chintzes and appliqueing the posies on a plain background of other material, has also been stolen by the fashion artists this season. Hence, we have the gorgeous white southern-l)elle frocks with full skirts and a casual sprinkling of cut-out roses. Peasant Influence Back The peasant influence, always popular with the summer-school coeds, is back this year in full force. The old favorites, dirndl skirts with peasant lilouscs, neyer seem to diminish in popularity. Mad colors in huge, unrestrained prints take the honoi-s.. A new note in the peasant elfect is the apron dress, llie a))rons are mostly of the pseudo variety, often mere iiaiiels of eyelet embroidered material, ruffled with more of the same and set in the front of gingham dresses to resemble apromi^. Besides playing at lieing domestic in false aprons, coeds have taUen to the good Old pinafore, first cousin to the genuine “Hoover” variety of apron. Orthodox chocked gingham, beruffled with enqugh eyelet embroidery to put grandma’s best petticoat to shame, are exceedingly popular. For dress-ui),.the general trends seem to be toward startling silk-jer-sey jungle prints for the sleek and sultry; frothy white pique and eyelet embroidery concoctions for the sweet and angelic; and smooth linen suits, especially in black or red, for the girl who can’t stand
anything that isn’t tailored. , Non-Ration Playshoes Popular Shoe preferences have gone native because of government restrictions on leather! Back-to-nature barefoot sandals and, the perennial huaraches predominate with a generous sprinkling of non-ration playshoes, fascinatingly different because of the diversity of materials from which they are made, A refreshing change from the tried-and-true “Specs” for dress wear are the new “baby slippers”, whose round toes and innocent looking ankle straps .give the wearer a deceptivenaive little-girl look.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN
TIM PINS A MURDER on the
MARS
— PLUSCOLOR cartOn
NOW SHOWING
DISNEY'S BEST EVER VVAIT DISNEY'S
Famed Book of the Month..now your Picture of the Yearl
Ditlrlbulod by RKO RADIO From FeUx Saltcn'a novel
— ADDED — LT. SMITH
Also Jerry Wald Orchestra —ADMISSION— Nights/Sundays and Holidays ...35c Week Day Matinees.......... 25e Children ...:.10c plus tax
LUHA
TODAY and TOMORROW
TODAY and TOMORROW
TODAY - TOMORROW
The Thrming Story of Rommers Five Secrets That Might Have Won Him the Desert War!I , / t
0* i
f^sday,
BoihrmpiU&r Sports
Mn*'
bqilermaker stadiuk^ . GETS SfRING AIRING TONIGHT
f4'4' '
• hH COLUMN WONDERS: "WHY CAN'T WE CONTINUE j r , « ' ^ ? BOILERMAKER BASEBALLrt
Army. Navy, Students To Put On ■ iT . ' Riveters Drop Second " Show To Go On In Fieldhouse In Case Of Rain
Program To Include Races, Novelty Acts
Game To Ohio State
In the second game of their two-game series with the Buckeyes of Ohio State at Columbus last Saturday the Riveter diamond squad dropped their second game in as many days, 4-1 The Boilermaker lost the first game by the narrow margin
pf 4 to 3.
These two wins put the Ohio State squad definitely in first place'^in the Big Ten Confei'-
ence race for the 1943 season.
I bought my new DEBRIS Today! Now I am * 50c happier Be sure you order your DEBRIS today Stm only $4.50
“Pop” Doan’s boys had the breaks against them, errors cropped up at the times they did the most harm. Although the Rivelei’s slapped out five solid base hits, they were so scattered as to do little damage. The battery for the second game wag Misselhoin and Wright. Misselhoin pitched minus a brace of front teeth lost in the initial tilt when a hard thrown ball from A. Martin, the second baseman, slipped through his glove and landed in Misselhorn’s mouth. Ed Timm, right fielder, who got two out of four at the plate was the only man to garner more than one hit in the second tilt for the Riveter
squad.
Line score for second game:.
RHE
Purdue— '
010 o'00000
Ohio State—
013000000 Final Big Ten Standings
Won Lost Pet.
16 0
4 8 0
Ohio State
6
1
.857
Minnesota
7
3
.700
Illinois
5
3
.625
Iowa
6
4
.600
Michigan
3
2
.600
Pur due
1
6
.167
Northwestern
1
6
.143
Chicago
0
7
.000
IM Schedules Ward Tennis Singles Ward Tennis Singles are scheduled to start about June 21st. Anyone desiring to enter this competition please sign the entry blank on the downstairs bulletin board in the men’s gym or on the Intramural bulletin board, just outside the I.M. office. You are urged to sign up immediately so that the drawing may be made and play started on the ab&ve date.
The Waves were splashed tonight for the coeds by Ray Smith.
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveters Lose Two Over Week End Last Saturday the Boilermakers wound up the cuirent baseball season when they lost to the Buckeyes at Columbus. It completed the Big Ten games foi 1943, and the records show that the Riveter nine is the occupant of seventh place with the record of one lone win and five defeats. Perfect Record Outside Conference Although the Conference record is nothing to shout about the diamondmen have accumulated a nice record against non-conference competition. In the non-conference tilts the Boilermakers were able to capture eight games without suffering a single setback. Why Not Keep Baseball Going? We may be sticking our neck out but we feel that there are quite a few people around here that would like to see the baseball season extended through the summer. At least we know that there are people around that would like to watch the old “national game” now that real baseball weather has arrived. Play Service Teams It might not be possible to play a schedule with Big Ten teams, but it does seem possible that there are enough service nines near by that could provide excellent competition each Saturday. The two service teams that have appeared here this spiing have provided some interesting ball games. In both cases the games were close and far from one-sided. Weather Should Be Better In Summer One oi the biggest handicaps that college baseball teams have always had was the unsettled weather conditions during the spring months. Many times, just as was the case this season, a large part of the schedule lb washed out by the rams. In many other cases ball games were played when the day was cold and damp, so that it was almost impossible for the pitcher to get warmed up. As is well known, the reason for scheduling games eaily in the spring was that the schools were not in operation duiing thb summer months. If Should Be Anyway! Now that classes aie continuing through the summer months it seems that it IS a good time for college baseball teams to play baseball in the kind of weather that baseball should be played. Baseball continued thiough the summer will not only provide a pastime for the spectators on Saturday afternoons, but it would also give the boys that play a chance to play a great deal more baseball than they would otherwise have.
By Ruth Ford Promising to rival a three ring circus, “Chief” CJievett’a Athletic Carnival will be held tonight rain or shine. The ehwii-
TIME SCHEDULE Main Field -Softball: Naval Training Station vs. Fraternity AUStars. -Drill: Naval Training Station. -Typical Naval Physical Education Class Period. _ ^ -Gymnastic Exhibition: Purdue Students. -Barn Dance: Purdue Students. -Hand to Hand Combat Demonstration: Navy Flight Instructors. -Typical “Physical Preparedness” Class Period: Purdue Students. -Cage Ball: Naval Training Station vs. Purdue Students. Main Track ' -All-CampUs 440 Yard Run. ^ -All-CampUs One Mile Bicycle Race. -One-half Mile Relay: Five Teams. Grandstand Rings -Start of Five Boxing Bouts: Naval Training Station. -Start of Five Wrestling Matches: Purdue Students.' , Small Track -Start of Silver Derbies (Total of 11 During Evening)’.
val will start at 7:30 p. m. at Ross-Ade tSadium or if it rains
it will be held in the Fieldhouse.
The same program as originally announced will be featured. It includes a number of novelty events, a mass demonstration of mixed recreation, including ■ badminton and tennis, six box- . „ _ „ . . . . j T ^ number of softball games, caaeing bouts, SIX wrestling bail, and a mass demonstration of matches, gymnastic special- mixed recreation including badminties, folk and modern dance by ton and tennis. University coeds, a demonstra- Spectators In West Stand tion of a typical physical prepared- spectators are expects to sit ness class, mass games of competi- west stands of the stadium in tive nature and various relay ses- have the best vie\r of' the sions including the all campus quar- demonstrations, exlubitipns ter-mile run contests. The carnival is opmi to
Army and Navy To Participate Members of the Army and Navy
who are stationed here on campus will also take part in the show. Members of the Naval Training station will drill and denionsteate a typical naval physical education class. They are scheduled to play a cage ball game with Univeisity students and will present five boxing-
matches.
Navy flight instructors will put on a demonstration of a hand to hand combat. Representatives of the naval training school, navy flight instructors school, ASTP Army unit will make up teams competing in a one-half mile relay. Novelty Relays Competitors will demonstrate their skill in many novelty relays, which will make up the Silver Derby. It will be run on a special track near the center of the football field and will be an interfratei'nity affair. Among the events to be featuied will be a barrel race in which the contestants will race in barrels, changing barrels at the completion of each lap. A horseback race consisting of five participants, four “horses” and one rider will be run. The rider will ride on the back of each of the four horses around the
ing, wrestling rings, and space for gymnastics will be provided direct-
ly in front of the stand.
“Chief” M. L. Clevett is in qha^ge of^the committee which planned tbd program. His committee incliiuled Lt. (j.g.) Frank Nocera, Naval Training School; Lt. Frank Cumiskey, Navy Flight Instructor School; Alice Bond, department of PhyMeal Education for Women, anji Herman
Phillips, track coach.
IM Schedultg All Intramural games will ’ be postponed on Tuesday, June 16, due to the Athletic Carnival.
Softball Wednesday, June 16—6:45 Diamond— 1— Unit 1 vs Unit 3 2— Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Nh, 3— Delta Tau Delta vs Acacia, 4— Unit 2 vs Unit 4 5— Pi Kappa Phi vs Lambda <jhi Alpha 7— Sigma Chi vs Kappa Delta Rho , 8— Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma I4ji
track once. A bicycle race will be 9— Theta Chi vs Pi Kappa Alpha 10— Phi Kappa Tau ^s Tau Ep-
SAFEGUARD YOUR CASH ms WAY!
Take no chances on your money being lost or stolen, change your cash into American Express Travelers Cheques. Spendable everywhere like
cash, but refunded in full if lost or stolen.
Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 750 for each $ 100. Minimum cost 400 for $ 10 to $ 5 0. For sale at Banks, Railway Express
offices, at principal railroad ticket offices. AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS.CHEQUES
run similarly.
Five men will be used in the wheelbarrow race, four workers and one rider. Each worker pushes the rider around the track once. A chariot race will be run by a fourmen team, consisting of a baby buggy, a ridei, a frater pushing the cab, and another one pulling it. Bruises and brush burns will be inflicted on those entering the stilts relay unless they are a master of the art of walking in the air.
Coeds Take Part
Coeds have not been left out of the carnival. They will demonstrate folk and modern dancing although the walking race originally scheduled has been scratched due to lack
of participants.
Before the show gets under way early comers will be entertained by
silon Phi
11— Theta Xi vs Beta Sigma Psi 12— Sigma Alpha Mu va Alpha Sigma Phi ' 14— Ward 8 vs Marwood 15— Triangle vs Kappa Sigma 16— Ward 12 vs Ward 13 17— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa , 19— Ward 1 vs Dover 20— Ward 2 vs Rochdale 23—Ward 4a vs Dover (See PM SCHEDULES5 Pap«.,4)
Notice
Callout for yell leactm:$ held 'Fhursday in room 101 of tW Fieldhouse. .4nybody inter<^|e4l may come out, —MORRISON.5 if ffifeVj.f'.
f ’ 'H'',?.’Vi‘'
,'rf|,iH;f' <-j'
Pits' iW^-
' -1^
Pufdtue Exponent TumSdy, June IS, U
I ;y.^' ‘
Amelia Earhart Jap Prisoner' Report Arouses Wide Interest
Robertson Will Discuss /^g Engineers Medical Students
Principles of Boomerang
Conference To Finish School
Tomorrow Afternoon
Aviatrix Made Last Flight In 1937, Held Position Here As Advisor In Aeronautics
4-H Members
Dr. C. H. Roberston, knowQ at the
University as “Big Robbie” will address a meeting of the student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers tomorrow afternoon at 4:16 in lecture room 103 of the Physics Building on the “Principles and Use of the Boom-
The meeting is open to the
All Students: BiK KobWe will speak at the ASME meeting June 16, at 4:16 p. m; in the Physics lecture hall. Hts subject is a very interesting and amusing one--The Boomerang”. The discussion will be supplemented with demonstrations in Stuart Field. Everyone Glider Club: There will be an oPf" ®‘- ing Tuesday, June 16, at 7 ;0 m the Union. All interested are welcome. Movies of the “Cinema II” >will be
Tau Beta PI: Meeting Thursday, June 17, In room 355 of the Union at 7:16 p. m.
Important that all members be
By John Wells
Interest and attention were recently aroused among many people of the University by a newspaper headline: “Amelia
Earhart Believed To Be Japanese Prisoner . Hopes that the occupied China, according to Yueh. famous woman aviator may still be alive have been kindled by It first must be sent to free China,
(Continued from page 1)
first. He found hot dogs that were erang’ not made from dogs, hamburgers public.
with no ham, doughnuts with no Robertson’s speech will folnuts and several other complex Tow one given May 25 when he
foods with no relationship to their
names.
Receives No Money From China Mail takes four months to reach
A war-time conference on the Medical and pre-medical stufood front will be the chief concern dents, including dental and veteriof the 36th annual meeting of the nary, in the enlisted reserve corps American Society of Agricultural of the U. S, Army, will be permitted Engineers to be held at the Univer- to finish their pre-pTofessional sity June 21 to 23. , training. These students must be Approximately 300 agricultural accepted for entering classes at apengineers from all over the United proved schools of medicine, dentisStates are expected to gather to try, or veterinary medicine.
.uw u.. .... .. w... .. hear such speakers as Dr. M. L. They may, at .their own request
spoke on the gyroscope, an instru- Wilson, director of extension work, complete on an inactive status, the timing in wool trousers and merit in the same class as the boom- U. S. Department of Agriculture; minimum preprofessional require-ei-ang. Wheeler McMillen, editoi^ of Farm ments for admission to the profesReceived University Degree In 1895 Journal and Farmer’s Wife. ' sional schools by which they have
“Big Robbie” received his B.S. Of the University members degree from South Dakota State President E. C. Elliott, Dean H. J
Radio Club: Meeting WedneBSay, June 16, room 12 in Electrical Engm«*ringlniild?ngat7:36p. m- -WENDELL Skull and Crescent: Formal initiation and extremely important meeting on Thursdw. June 17, room 867 of the Unmy^^.^6 Basic Military Students: All basic etudents are urged tp note the schedule Posted the Bulletin Board in the Armory lOr
Union Board: Board meeting Tues^y,
HILLER
Japanese prisoner.
New facts about the famous aviatrix recall to University members who were here a few
June 16, at 4 :30 p. m.
Kappa Delta Pi: Picnic Thursday evening, June 17. behind the Stadium. Meet on the steps of the Education Building at 6 p. m.
Pledges will he selected. All
come. • —JOHNbUJN Playshop: Those planning to attend the
Upon completion of their prepro-
a new spark from a Pacific Coast report that she may be a then rewritten and mailed to the College in 1893 and from the Um- Reed of the school of Agriculture, aeUv^duty^and assigned occupied zone. Since there is no versity in 1895. He was given an A. A. Potter, Dean of the engineer- further studv in their resnec- r‘“'’T„nrirbrinB money and
honorary degree of Doctor of ing schools will speak, while Harry Jej f^tto
Science by the University in 1926. B. Walker, head of the agricultural ; —GRAY
He has taught chemistry, physics, engineering department of the Unimechanical engineering, English, versity of California, who is presiphysical education, and education dent of the American Society of at five different Universities. Agricultural Engineers will be while at the University he was present at the conference, active in sports and a member of the program will be a Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, and symposium of government wartime
(Continued from page 1)
years ago, that she also was a try gentleman, and started his poll
staff member for a short while prior
to her last flight.
Offered University Position President Elliott was present at a lecture given in New York by Amelia Earhart in 1934, and it was at this lecture that he conceived the idea that the University needed her. President Elliott approached her, after her lecture, and asked her if she would come to the University and discuss with the women students their opportunities for a ca-
reer.
Her reply was characteristic of her character and of her attitude toward the future of education for women. She told the President, “I
mail from his family there is also no money from home which is why Yueh has become a lecturer on
present day China. IM Schedules
(Continued from page 3) .
Fraternity Tennis
tical career by his election to Par-
liament.
A Member Of The Conservatives During these years he wrote “The Great Opportunity” on the Conser-
vative Party with George Lloyd, a matches and report scores to I. M. ties.
Notices
Acromodelers: There will be a meeting at 7:30 p. m. June 16, in room SO of the Union. All members and others interested please attend. —QUINN Ceres Club and Alumnae: Formal initiation will be held Thursday, June 17,_at
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Keys are hero. Call at 116 University after 7 p. m. —GOFF
6:30 p. m.
—RULE
colleague in the House. By the end office by June 21st.
Please arrange to play these Sigma Pi Sigma honorary fraterni- policies on farm machinery, build-
ing materials, electric equipment and other supplies, with representa-
All Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House, 116 Sheetz St.
—GLUCK
SCA: Board meeting Tuesd^ at 7:30 m. in the SCA office. LOCKHART
of World War I he was colonel of his regiment of Yorkshire Dragoons which fought in France. As a reformist Viceroy of India in 1926, Halifax won the admiration . and respect of Gandhi who called him “the ChristianViceroy”. Back fiom that country after six years, he published a book entitled “Indian Problems”. In November of 1937 the Am-
think you could supply some spark bassador was tagged pio-Geiman which would help to take up the lag ^fter a visit to Germany. He came between the swift eddying of the b^^k with a report that they were world around modern women and ^ery queer fellows, but he could see
no harm in them, and he was glad to say that Hitler had promised him never to interfere with Austria of
Czechoslovakia.”
Until Hitler’s seizure of the latter in March of ’39, he continued to hope for good terms with the dictators. Those who thought him unrealistic described Halifax as “a mystic who could hardly explain his intellectual processes even to him-
self.”
The tall, reedy, saintly gentleman with a sense of public duty is dubbed “chaplain of the British Empire” by England’s enemies. Yet he is asked by many Britons to withdraw to a position where he “can
do no further harm”.
LSA Wiii Sponsor Skating Friday University students are invited to attend the skating party of the Lutheran Student Association Friday, June 18 at Maple Point. Tickets, including transportation to and from the paity and admission, may be obtained fiom Maiy Frances Doty, tele. 2096, or Walter
Alvin tele. 46852.
Students who expect to make use of the transportation provided are
Singles Delta Upsilon vs Kappa
Rho '
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau
Omega
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Acacia Beta Theta Pi vs Theta Xi Doubles Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Tau Omega vs Acacia
The meeting will begin with the address in the lecture hall and will
Delta close with an outside demonstration
of the boomerang according to David Badger, ASME president.
tives of various governmental Tuesday, June 16. Topic for the next mect-
mg will be announced later. •—ODELL
agencies taking part.
. Ail Students: Two boys are needed to help
There will also be special pro- m the Home Ec Cafeteria duiing noon hour.
vnval CnB Miss Gamble at 2941.
grams on farm structures, ruiai —gamble electrification, power and machin- -—— ’ Lutheran Students: Skating party will be
ery, soil and water conservation, held Friday. June is, at 7:3q at Maple
and erosion control.
Glider Club: Open meeting Tuesday, June 16. at 7:36 p. m All those interested in becoming new members are invited. Plana
IRC: There will be no reading meeting will be discussed for boaring^Ius^summw^
Math’Dept. Offers Refresher Course
the tardier echoes of the schoolroom”. People can well see her foresight in the ever increasing trend
of women into industry.
President Elliott announced her appointment on June 2, 1936 as Counselor in Careers for Women and added that she would also act as
Adviser in Aeronautics.
The time that she spent at the University in several short visits was approximately one month out of the school year, but in that short time, the students came to know her and to regard her as a guide to the future. The airport, then the only University airport in the United States fully equipped for day and night flying, attracted
much of her attention.
Miss Earhart obtained most of her contact with the women students by living at the Women’s Residence Halls, where she enjoyed
the life very much.
Amelia Earhart was tremendously interested in technical progress, but she was more interested in studying a pei son’s physiological leaction to conditions encountered in flight. She wished to demonstrate to herself and later, to others, the various effects of flying, and at the same time to open up a new field in aviation. This may have been
brought about by her earlier train- requested to be in front of Fowler ing in Medical Research at Colum- Hall by 7 p. m. Friday.
All Campus Tennis Singles The All Campus Tennis Singles
tourney entry blank is posted on the bulletin board in the men’s gym. All tennis players are urged to sign up immediately as play is scheduled to start soon. Any student or faculty member is eligible for play. As soon as entries aie completed, drawings will be made and you will
be notified of your opponent.
bia University. “Flying Laboratory” President Elliott announced in the summer of 1935 that a fund of $50,000 had been subscribed through the Purdue Reseaich Foundation for the purchase of a “flyinglaboratory”, which she was to use for technical experimentation. The “flying laboratory” was a twin-mo-tored Lockheed Electra equipped with the best equipment available. Amelia Earhart’s last flight was in this plane when she and her navigator disappeaied in the vicinity of Howland Island on July 2, 1937. Today we aie constantly leminded of her effoits'to piove to the world that woman has a definite place in industiy by the way in which women of the United States aie taking’ the place of^men in industiy. Those who knew her still sling to the hope that she may still be alive today.
Yellow Sox
(Continued from page 1) hard fight. Soccer Rough Game The game displayed the usual roughness descriptive of a soccer game with the hoys trying at times to lake the man out instead of the ball. Soccer is a gieat conditioning game but is more a winter sport. Many of the players nearly dropped in their tiacks due to the extremely waim weather which was 100 F in the sun. Both teams displayed good spa it and played hard, agreeing that the referee. Dr. G. W. T. Youngs ot the Mathematics Department, had done an excellent job. There is mention of a second match in the future, with the AllBtars hoping lor a moie even conteet.
All Campus Golf The All Campus Golf tournament is to be played on the Purdue Golf Course. Entry blapks are posted in the men’s gym on the downstairs bulletin board. All golf placers are urged to enter this tournament. Play is scheduled to stait soon. Play 18 holes qualifying round and turn score cards in at the Starting House at No. 1 tee. Choose your own opponent and have him sign your card. Two nine hole lounds on different days will be O.K. After completion of qualifying round the golfers will be divided into gioups according to score, namely the “Chamionship Flight”, the “A” Flight, “B” Flight and so on down the line, then play for championship will be resumed. The usual awards will be mkde in each flight-^ SIGN UP IMMEDIATELY. Health Service Reports student Health Seivice announces that the following have entered the St. Elizabeth Hospital: D. W Ochiltree and R. D. Evans. G. A. Arter has been discharged from the Home Hospital. Placement' Notes For Women The American Physiotherapy Association announces grants from the National Foundation of Infantile Paralysis, scholarships from the Pi Beta Phi sorority, and loan funds from the W. K. Kellogg Foundation for students in the field of physiotheiapy. Anyone interested should call Placement Service for Women’s (2955) for further infor-
mation.
Miss Mary A. Rigney, Personnel Department, Room 606 Administration Building, Homan and Arthington Stieets, Sears, Roebuck, and Company, Chicago, Illinois, writes of openings in their merchandise comparison department for inspectors and comparative shoppers. If you are at all interested will you write or telephone Miss Rigney’s office at once and let me know that you are applying. If you do not care to apply and have taken another position for next year I shall also ap-
preciate knowing.
Two colleges, the Kansas State Teachers College and the University of Maryland have launched “sacrifice weeks” on their campuses. Kansas State Teachers will go “coke-less, smoke-less, and candyless”, and the University of Maryland students will give up desserts, movies, cokes, and candy bars for
Cleveland, Ohio; Marvin Hymen, seven days. At both colleges the Chicago, 111.; and Robert Spiegler, money saved will be contributed to Chicago. warpiojects.
University Cows
Make '42 Honor List Five registered Holstein-Friesian cows in the herd owned by the University’s Agriculture Experiment Station are to be on the 1942 Honor List for the nation’s highest pro-
ducing cows. Special University war training The records kept by The Hoi- classes are now being offered each stein—Friesian Association of Tuesday and Thursdy evenings America show these cows to be from 7 to 10 p. m. for advanced over 66 2/3 per cent above the reg- training for teachers in accelerated istry requirements in milk given mathematics. during the past year._ Thursday will be the second
meeting of the class in which 18 are
A,!vin R Rnlf^ enrolled. Professor M. W. Keller of l\. \U IO the mathematics department is the . . . member of the English De- instructor of the course which corpartment for the past eight years, I’esponds to math 13 and 14. The left for Washington, D. C., prepa- study includes algebra, equations ratory to going overseas in the ^’id their applications, logarithms, American National Red Cross Pro- tiigonometry and other difficult gram of Services for the armed problems. forces. He is on leave of absence Additional registrations will be from the University for 'this war accepted at the meeting Thursday service. night.
Point. Transportation furnished. For further information call Mary Francis Doty, 2096, or Walter Alvin, 46862. Bring your dates and fall down with the lest of us. Fveryone welcome. —MATTHEWS Frate<;nity President’s Council: Meeting will be held Thursday, June 17, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union instead of June 10 as originally announced. —DAWSQN
Classified
Ads
Typewriters: Adding ma^nines, all makef sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mlmeo* graph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main«
L.afayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watchef, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s I/oan
^Office, 407 Columbia.
The average household uses eight students wishing to earn their board bring light bulbs a year; last year the schedule card and report to service office in
Aimy bought more than 8,000,000
to light the way to victory.
Wanted: Someone to cut grass once a
week Phone 2339.
Army Lists Phillips Missing In Action Lieutenant Tallen Phillips, ’40 agiicltural graduate of the University and member of the Army Air Coips, has been repoited missing in action. Lieut. Phillips received his wings at Luke Field on June 23, 1942, and from there was sent to the South Pacific Aiea. As a pilot of a bomber, he paiticipated in the Christmas Day attack on W|ake Island, duiing which hib plane was riddled with 594 bullet holes. Draff Board Reminds 18 Year Olds To Register Selective Seivice Board No. 2 again states that all young men becoming 18 years of age shall registei on then birthday, neither before or altei. This is required by law. The only exception to the law is if the eighteenth birthday falls on Sunday or a legal holiday. If this be the case, the applicant shall legister the following day. Office houis at Selective Board are 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. daily except Saturday which is 8 a. m. to 4:30
p. m.
Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social fraternity, announces
the pledging of the following men: Jay Smith, Chicago; Norman Markowitz, Bayonne, N. J.; Robert LaPine, Chicago; Maurice Jones, Salem, N. J.; Maurice Robinson,
A WARTIME MUST! We are sorry, but we are forced to limit eacli customer to Five Shirts Finished Each Week This applies to ironing shirts in ^ill services. Because of the present labor shortage we are unable to finish all the shirts that are jjouring into our plant. By rationing five shirts to a customer iter week, we hoxic to provide the maximum number of customers witli professionally laundered shirts.
Dial 7278
imm
lilSUIlKTON MERRY-QO- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples ot the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it
in the PURDUE EXPONENT
“Cancel my reservation, Oswald— these Arroivs are home to me/” Arrow is a good old American name for comfort and long-lasting quality. The fabric, the thread, even the buttons in Arrow shirts are constantly tested for their endurance qualities. Moreover, they carry tlic Sanforized label, guaranteeing fabric shrinkage less than 1%. Arrows in service white and khaki,, or civilian colors. $2.24, up. Arrow ties, ,$1 and $1.50. ARROW
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS -k BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS *
’SjuUuHtL ( I Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS WE$T LAFAYETTE
kj
f.
'i