^ ( ^ , i. j j»w !-
f.'i. ^
'■''’'■‘I'''*', ■- i"* » ' ' ''*"
'.Ul *-fi r-'^- ./’■ f , r? ■*
<y%
V
xfU)4ieni
GESTAf»Os A First Divisimi Berth For The RhretOfi"
Volume 53, No. 44
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 28,1841
Fraternity Men To Hold 100 Freshman Girls Sale Of Tickets Latest Edition Of College Who's Who' ?"ltiimT7J^' Includes Twenty University Students
Second annual regional interfraternity conference will be Eliminations Today Still On Today
held here on Friday and Saturday of this week, bringing repre- ^
sentatives from fifty eampusea and six states togefter for the S« FmahsU Compete t^Tao discussion of fraternity problems and the strengthening of ror Honors I hursday ^ second floor of the interfraternity bonds. Preliminaries for the L o d d e Armory for basic military students The first of these conferences was held last year at Ohio speech contest for freshmpn coeds members. The tickets, state University under the sponsorship of the National will be held today at 4 p. m. in $2.75 with the new tax
Education Convention Will Meet On Campus
Selections Based Upon Leadership In Activities, Athletics, And Scholarship
Interfraternity Council, which is presenting this year’s conference in cooperation with the local Interfraternity President’s Council.
Discussion Topics
Topics under discussion at the conference will include rush, scholarship, alumni relationships, future of fraternities, and other subjects which will be brought to the floor during group discussions and open
questioning periods.
Speaking at the sessions will be a number of fraternity leaders from several nearby colleges and univer-
73 Faculty Men Visit Teacher's Annual Meeting
Room 308 of the English building, included, went on sale for the first Judges are to be Prof. P. E. Lull, yesterday to students in the
R. W. DesJarlais, R. M. Horn and
Sfigers, Sears, Horn Preside At'Discussions
L. S. Winch, all of the English de-
partment.
Coeds entering the contest have •been notified as to the time they are to speak. Those who have not been contacted are to go to the third floor of the English building at 4 p. m. today. Speeches may last a maxi-
mum of six minutes. Six From One Hundred
Approximately one hundred co-
Thiiteen University faculty and eds have entered the contest. Six of
^S^ru^n FrrdS^Twere represented on these will be chosen to enter the dean of men at Michigan State;’ the programs ot the e.ghty-eighth ^J^l^JdarSctobTr^SO^In thf Home Dean G. H. Smith, dean of men at annual meeting of the Indian State g auditorium. The
DePauw University; Paul C. Beam, Teacher’s Association, which closed executive secretary of Phi Delta Saturday at Indianapolis. Theta; R. B. Stewart, controller of Thursday night, at the first genthe University; and Dr. F. C. eral meeting in Cadle Tabernacle,
Scheuch, fraternity advisor of the Prof. 0. F. Hall paid tiibute to the succession University are among those who memory of the late Prof. George L. permanent posses-
will address the conference. Roberts, former president of the pj
Smoker, Banquet Association and head of the^ educa- for the past two years. First Friday evening a smoker will be department of the University pi^ee last year was given to Berna-
held in the east faculty lounge of many years. Dr. Hall took the Lamb, a.l.w.
the Union and climaxing the entire Pl^'C® of President Elliott, who had event will be a banquet on Satur- Washington, D. 6. day evening. According to estimates Departmental Meetings from the Fraternity Affairs Office, Thursday was given over to dethree hundred fraternity men will partmental meetings. On Thurstake part in the conference, k.a.k. day morning Dr. E. P. Degering
spoke on "Plastics” at the meeting of the chemistry and physics sec-
tion.
Thursday afternoon Prof. Mark End Randolph Course
Nine Former Students
winner will receive a prize, and the organization with the greatest number of points will receive the Lodde cup. When an organization has won
Prof. Albjerg, Edward Raub Commemorate Navy Day Observance
Appearing in the 1941-42 edition of Who’s Who Among Sfu-
. , dents in American Universities and Colleges, annual national I Ills rridBYr jBtUrddy roster of students distinguished in collegiate affairs which was
released yesterday, are the names of twenty students from
Public schools in defense and University who have been prominent on the campus dur-
new ideas in public school adminis- . ^ tration and teaching will be the jt ^
central themes of the Indiana Pro- Included in this, the seventh edition, are the names of gressive Education Convention approximately 5,000 students representing more than 550 whmh will be held on the^campus colleges and universities throughout the nation.
Chosen as the twenty outstanding students in the University for this year are: Robert E. Adams, Peggy J. Davis, Richard A. Dibos, Damon Elder, Barbara Fellows, Myron B. Hawkins, William H. Hayt, Philip C. Johnson, Agnes McCulloch, Tom Melton, James H. Miller, Ned A.
Ochiltree.
this Friday and Saturday. The conference which is open to all teachers and school administrators of the state, will be addressed by prominent educators and psychologists
of the country.
Among the headlined speakers will be Dr. Stephen Corey of the University of Chicago who will speak on “American Youth and American Schools” at the dinner round table Friday evening.
Principal Speakers
E. H. Shidler Speaks To Ag Staff Members Af Luncheon In Union
“Skinbeater’s Skinbeater,” is the name the top ranking drummers have tacked onto the tall, lanky Texan, Ray McKinley, who “hits it hot” on the snare drum and the cymbals for Will Bradley and his orchestra. Ray also doubles on the vocal for Will and is a natural for singing blues songs.
Don S. Powers, Ruth Rose, Le-
Dr. E. H. Shidler, state director land W. Ruffner, Mary Ellen Scarff,
of the Farm Security Administra- Arthur E. Snyder, Roscoe B. Starek,
Other principal speakers will be tion, was the principal speaker at Alphonso A. Topp, John L. Trau-
President Edward C. Elliott, who the regular monthly agricultural gott.
will welcome the visitors Saturday staff luncheon held yesterday in the 3agig p^,. Selection morning; Dr. L. A. Cook of Ohio Union. Shidler spoke on the work of -o • - .. , . • » j , State University who will speak on the FSA in connection with the re- , ®®sis o the sele^iop of s^dents “Education’s Role In National De- habilitation of low income farmers inclusion in Whos Who are fense,” and Dr. George Axtelle of and during his talk he pointed out qualities of: character—judged Northwestern University. In addi- the fact that at the present time before entering college and tion to these speakers on the broad- 83 per cent of the matured pay- student s reputation
er phases of education, a total of ments on FSA loans have meen met. thirteen sectional meetings, with Turkey Door Prizes?
group leaders and panel discussions William .Kohlmeyer was the . .
in each meeting, will be held dur- chairman in charge of the meeting,
iFicT flip TYinTTiino'^ "u* u i 1 -inn j. /s stlip musti DC Sn OlltstsHulll^ StlX** mg the mornings. which approximately 100 staff ..potentialities of future
usefulness to business and society.”
among students and faculty; leadership—in athletics, society, religion, student government and other ex-tra-curricular activities; scholar-
machine shop section of the prac-
Unusual Costumes, Prizes To Highlight
members attended. Dr. E. L. Butz
advanced military course, band of- (jfQQ/J PottOrS ^iuSt farm management departficers, and officers in the military ment was elected chairman for the
Prof. V. L. Albjerg of the his- department. Dx AflDx'x* November meeting and Dr. J. ^ _ _ tory department spoke yesterday Tomorrow’s sale will be for all AN retltlOnS Holmes Martin, head of the poultry
tical arts group, and Dr. C. H. LaW- WBAA at 2.15 P- seniors and juniors in the Univer- n t r" “t* department, was selected as chairAmong the tenth class to take gj^g gpgj^g before the mechsinical «iemorating the annual Navy Day BefOrO 5 ' TOmOrrOW annual Christmas party
the basic training course at Ran- drawing section on “Drafting ks an observance by the University and Beginning Thursday, the to be held in December. _ Xf. f , dolph Field, Texas, this year are integiating Foice in the Training Lafayette citizens. remainder of the 800-ticket limit Petitions for the annual Green Farm management department fTO# 1C hriulaY PtlQnt
nine former University men. Program.” Pi of. H. G. McComb, Edward R^b, chairman of the will be available to the student body Potters election must be returned announced last night that a move-
They are Richaid D. Coleman, state Director of National Defense Lafayette Official Committee on at the to the Student Senate office by 5 ment was already under way to give ®y Ed Kieper Foit Wayne; John J. Hildebrandt, Training, and secietaiy-tieasurer Navy Day Obseivance, stressed the gjf,gg Executive P-m. tomorrow with a minimum of turkeys as door prizes at the Christ- Do your shoes bother you at Logansport; John G. Jenkins, South gj ^.j^g practical arts group, spoke importance of this year s obseivance guilding. '<'5 signatures. Petitions may still mas party, but this has not yet been dances? Do you hate buttoned up
Bend; Call E. Kessler, Columbia g„ ..National Defense and the Co- ‘J"® ~ . - . -
Schedule cards and passports
be obtained in the Senate office for confirmed by Dr. Martin, d.e.b.
City; Cornell J. Lupear, Baltimore, '",7,"■ tions. The need of trained recruits ......... c.v. ^^g ^3^3,1 one dollar fee Md.; Francis E. Powell, Conners- t '• c ^ .1, i,- * for the navy was emphasized. Di aft be presented in purchasing year’s election will be heldfi * f ■
ville; Harold K. Trinkle, Marengo; ^ears, of the history, gj^^j^jgg g^^g technical ability ^ckets and the tickets themselves J November 6. All fresh- Stafe SClGnCe GrOUD Howard P. Wentling, Jr., Rich- ®®®nomics and government depart- ^g gtygj,gj increases and '"«st be signed since they are not J’ JIWIC JVIGIIIC UIUU|J
mond; and James R. Williamson, is vice piesident of the social g^ggj^^ ^.^tings transferable
Lafayette
studies^ section and pi^sid^ at the jsfayy Day has assumed special This year’s Military Ball, which gg^g ejected will be in charge of ti Meets This Week-End
At DePauw University
The cadets will complete their in'^thp'^Twplfth interest to Hoosiers this year as the annually opens the campus formal Qj.gen Potter’s dance and will super-
training at the “West Point of the f ® ^ now battleship, Indiana, will be season, will be held on November ^jgg pg^ burning, p.g.h. Air” on October 31 and then they launched sometime in November. 14 from 9 to 1 in the Union ballspend an additional and final ten , . . , , Attending the lunching ceremony rooms and will feature the music of weeks at a specialized Air Corps WAA Cabltl LeadeiS Start Governor Henry F. Schrick- Will Bradley and his orchestra, f.i.j.
school; they will then leceive a second lieutenancy in the Air Corps
Reserve, g.w.s.
er and an official delegation, g.w.s.
Sfewarf Ends National Defense Project Study
Pradkal Training Today Exponent staff At 5 p. m. today future WAA There will be a meeting of all cabin leaders will assemble in front *kAan On Thf^ el®®*®*^ members of the Exponent ^4? xu^ n-trw^ oviaI zYl0Mt * ffw ww staff. Wednesdav. October 29. at.
Sigma Nu Fraternity Celebrates Fiftieth Year At University
collars and ties ? If so, then throw your shoes in the comer, put oa those comfortable but disreputable clothes and waste Friday evening in solid comfort at the Barnyard Frolic from 9 to 12 p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union.
Costume Prizes
Newman club. Catholic student organization, which is sponsoring
The fifty-seventh annual meeting T
usual costumes. If a caller can be
of the Women’s Gym and go to
the WAA cabin to receive prac- Man on the street program, spon-
R. B. Stewart, University con- tical tiaining and instruction in sored by the Student Art Guild, will troller, has completed a special ®abin leadership. These gills must be presented tomoiiow night over study on the effects of defense re- prepare their own meals station WBAA at 8 p. m. The prosearch projects in ten colleges for find devise new methods of cabin gi'am is to be broadcast from The the National Defense Research technique in accoi dance with the Carnegie Hall of Art, located in the Commission. His eight-day survey limited facilities available. They west basement of the Union, took him across the continent and must also learn to assume lesponsi- Mrs. C. Hammer, art instructor was concerned with colleges from bility in case of necessity. of the West Side High School, will Harvard University to California These techniques were explained be on hand to give a short talk Institute of Technology. by Misses Alice Bond and Eleanor on her views of art. Students may Elihu Root, Jr., is chairman of Harrison in a meeting last Tuesday, ask questions pertinent to the modthe committee in charge of defense A cabin leadei must accompany ern artistic trends,
research, for which the study was each individual group going to the
staff, Wednesday, October 29, at 4 p. m. in the conference room ot the Agricultural Experiment Station. .—Ochiltree.
Frosh Debate Tryouts
the morning, and section programs
Sigma Nu fraternity celebrated in the afternoon, on October 31. the fiftieth anniversary of its found- Those from the University pre-
of thb Indiana Academy of Science , , , . , , .,
will be held at DePauw University
Thursday, Friday and Saturday, intermission posA general session will be held in dance if their pop-
ulanty warrants, club omcuus stated. The music will be furnished by Bobby Fields and his orchestra
ing on the University campus last senting papers in the Botany pro- I'L® University of Illinois. Saturday when alumni and mem- gram are: A. A. Dietz, Professor E. Tickets are priced at $1.10 each, beis of the active chapter gathered F. Degering, Piofessor R. E. Gir- p®™ potatoes are not accepted
for a day of commemoration. Pres- ton, E. R. Park, Dr. W. R. Mulison, trade. ent for the event were three mem- Professor A. T. Guard, and W. H.
bers of the class of 1892, Chailes Silver.
Cottingham, John S. Wiight, and Those presenting papers in chemJames W. Noel, who were the istry are: Di. P. J. Elvmg, W. B. founders of the Beta Zeta chapter Ligett, M. D. Danzig, Professor G. of Sigma Nu here. B. Bachman, Pi of. L. P. Biefield, Program for the day featured Margaret Gi iff ing. Prof .M.G.Mel-
Freshman debate tiials will be
... ...J.,... .. held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room burning of the mortgage of the Ion, D, R. Wellon, Prof. E. F. DegAnyonl inteiested in any phase 310 of University Hall, according chapter house following the Iowa ering, L. Gillette, K. Schaaf, and C.
4-H Club Participates In Workshop Meeting
made.
WAA cabin, d.l.g.
of art is invited to attend, j.t.k.
Members of the University 4-H. Club staff participated in the opening meetings yesterday of the 4-H “Workshop” conference which Will
Thanksgiving Feasts Best This Year Poultry Department Offers Turkey Dinners On The Hoof; Will Sell All Experimental Gobblers
By George Starr
Do you know where your Thanksgiving turkey dinner is living now ? Pei haps his home is right here on the University campus. You see, our
to the speech depai-tment. Trial football game and an anniversary A. Burkhard. speeches will consist of a five min- banquet in the evening in the fac- Psychology Section Also
ute address on either side of the ulty lounges of the Union. Speak- Alma Long will present a paper be held here for the remainder of pioposition: Resolved, That the fed- ers at the banquet, which was at- before the psychology section, and the week. Staff members gathered eiai government should regulate tended by more than 120 Sigma Professor J. F. Carlson, J. H. Brun- the 4-H Club office in the Agriby law all tiade unions in the Nu’s, were the founders and alumni nings. Dr. J. K. Knipps and Pro- cultural Experiment Station Annex United States. members who narrated the history fessor R. B. Abbott will present pa- as the conference got under way. Any freshman who is interested *h® chapter. pers in physics County agents from Pike, Polin debate but is unable to attend Professor B. E. Montgomery, Pro- aski, and Delaware-counties are atthis meeting should see R. W. Des Df. StraUSS Will DisCUSS E. M. Cable, W. A. Heistand, tending the conference, which haa Jarlais, freshman coach, at his of- Social Hvoiene Problem Professor J. J. Davis will pre- for its purpose the evaluation of fice, room 306 Univeisity Hall. r.m.f. Hygiene rrODiem p^pg^g ^.^e zoology section, the Indiana 4-H Club program.
keys aie grown by one of two meth- ment for over twenty years, but ods. They are either range fattened new and enlightening facts present or fattened in confinement. themselves at any time. For inThe young poults are divided into stance, it is now concluded that tur-
rne univcjs.iy campu.. xuu»ee, uux nutritional experiments, keys which receive a large amount poultry department has a turkey nutritional periods; of feed in confinement fatten better
the first, in which the poults are fed and are more desirable than tur-
flock for experimental purposes.
but the expeiiment would not be j^g^j keys fattened on the western range, tsreen, a memner oi tne Air uorps umversity ror uiree uuysj au inter- unnogy uepartment wm a«ena xi complete if the consumer could not Controllable Examining Board, will give a 15 ested coeds may have an individual section of the conference, g.m.p
Breen Of Air Corps Speaks Over WBAA Tonight at 7:15, First Lieutenant
Hygiene Problem ggjjj; papers in the zoology section, the Indiana Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, physi- The entomologists will hold their a.p.h. cian frorrr Chicago, will arrive at meeting on November 1. G. E. Gould the University tomorrow to deliver chairman of the meeting, Profesthe fiist in a series of talk to the sor B. E. Montgomery, G. E. Lehfreshman hygiene classes on social ker, Ivan Brooks, Professor H. O. hygiene. Deay, Dr. E. N. Woodbury and G. Dr. Strauss will remain at the E. Marshall of the University ento-
Breen, a member of the Air Corps University for three days; all inter- mology department will attend this
Scabbard And Bladn Holds Formal Relreal
test the improved product. Accord- . , ,, ,,
ingly, the department will sell half
of their fattened birds at Thanks- 'odS.
giving and the other half at Christ-
mas.
Hatching Period
weeks; in the second and final per-
are fed
Commemorating the anniveraarjf of the birth of former president Theodore Roosevelt, the .National Scabbard and Blade Society destdr'*
growing Strict sanitation has made it minute address over radio station conference with her on Friday besafer to raise turkeys. Black head WBAA. Lieut. Breen is the assist- tween 1 and 3 p. m. in the hygiene H / Q r U jl
Compare Poults’ Feed disease, which formerly made the ant publicity officer of the An- room of the Womens Gymnasium. » * . W. I . I Idll Such feeds as corn, wheat, oats turkey business a gamble, can now Corps Examining Board and will . , ... of the education department iiated and observed National Sca^ and combinations of these feeds are be controlled. answer all questions pertaining to jj^j7along with other members of the ^ard and Blade Day yesterday
compared to wheat bran and wheat Taking the locality for granted, l-Le new University Cadet Unit No. r Indiana State Conference" on Social a formal military retreat held Wl Starting near the end of Apiil middlings in the growing rations, it may be said that a turkey grow- 1- ... national agricultural honor- Work will journey to Indianapolis l-Le oval, at 5 p. m. and a emoher is a six weeks period of great im- Over half of the turkeys laised on er’s success depends upon the tieat- Lieut, Breen arrived in advance aiy, announces its list of fall tomorrow to attend a two day ses- f®® ROTC seniors, portance. During this period the the farm never touch the ground, ment he extends to the birds and of the United States Army Air pledges as follows: J. W. Chester, sion,of the 61st annual meeting of Officers of the Military young birds are just hatching. It has been found that a langc is his adaptability to new techniques. Corps Examining Board which will D. R. Elder, K. A. Frischie, H. D. the organization. ment spoke at the smoker Young turkeys are brooded in col- neither imperative or desirable for The object of the poultry depart- convene at the Armory beginning Myers, B. A. Schneider, C. S. Prof. Hall is on the board of di- was in the form of an opep fimiill ony brooder houses and battery turkey raising. ment in turkey experiments is to today and remain until Friday, con- Vanada, J. 0. Bray, 0. J. Burger, rectors of this conference which participated in by mcttnWvs brooders for a period of Ux to Turkey experiments have^ been furnish producers with information ducting inteiviews from 8 a. m. to H. G. Diesslin, J. R. Hard4ty, R. L. is the oldest of its kind in contin- Scabbard and Blade and twelve weeks. Generally, these tur- carried on in the poultry d^ai’t- about more satisfactory rations. 4 p. m. daily, w. h. __ Kohls, R. J. Todd, L. W. Toney, uous existence. iors in Military Training,
K .-Cl. P *
d
, mV fIS' J’'* ;'■/ ' Is ■s’nwVjf'* '"^' ■i'
fe’J-
,V1#
,5f
Pff fV
Exponent ESitorml Page
I
fSi^f
V -t i {i>h!& ff I
«, ^ ^ fi' >
-> ii Y
_ ^ ‘ — v^\ Tuesilay^- Oct,-2&f ^ 194h
iPm
$0g.
indprs: The Cards Are Stacked
At least once during his four years of col- and the technical material. It can lie don,e; |i]|^ eVery student is faced with the problem some of them do come back and finish, but
of'Wlihther he should continue his education %ot n
or whether he should quit school and go to work. The problem is a complex one beset With many theories, both for and against In the present crisis, the problem becomes ey^ more complex and bewildering Defense industries aie offeiing employment at high wages for even the unskilled laboier Nowadays, college students can look about them at the fellows with whom they went to high sehooL The> see them diivin^ new cais and earning huge salaiies The student natuially compares this with the way he is living. His mea^t finances are constantly diminishing To him the prosperity of his high school chums IS very enticing Consequently, his thoughts run astiay—why not quit school and get some of t^s easy money that can be had merely for the taking He thinks, “Why not ? I can came back to school and finish when this bubble bursts I’ll save my money now and when the Wai is over, I will finish my education ” This plan sounds good, in fact it sounds very good’ But, for some leason, it lust doesn’t work that way A lot of fellows have quit school befoie, planning to come back. You probably know some of them But how many of them did actually return, or how many are stiU planning to do so*^ Not many fellows do come back, but it is not because they don’t want to Fellows with lobs seem to end up with wives and families, and wives and families, unfortunately, don’t mix with school woik, either financially or otherwise Fellows find, too, that after they have been out of school a while they don’t learn quite as fast as they once did And they discover when they get in then technical courses that they have forgotten the elementary bases for these couises, and they must learn both the basis
many. Those that do come back of neces-
sity are beset with exceptional ambition and determination, for the going is plenty tough and many times harder than if the fellow
had stuck it out in the first place.
The definite advantages in completing a college education do not seem so obvious to us now. And they won’t, even when we graduate. We will see other fellows our age making more money than we do, and they will have more experience and practical shop knowledge. But m ten years it will be a diffeyept story jyien without a college education can usually go lust so high in a company and no higher Ask any factoiy foreman—that is what he will tell you On the other hand there are no limitations to the heights a coF lege-educated man can attain, except as his mental capabilities, ambitions, personality
traits, and luck limit him.
Still another reason why a student should complete his education is that, although industry needs workers now, it needs engineers ever more urgently The present shortage of engineers is a definite hazard to the success of the National Defense Program, for it can not operate without capably applied engineering Therefore, the duty of every United States citizen is to prepare himself so that his efforts may represent his maximum usefulness to his country The maximum usefulness of any embryonic engineer is an engi-
neer, not as a machinist’s helper.
The place for a future engineer is at school, preparing himself for his profession Any deviation from this plan will be legretted later, no matter how rosy the situation might seem at the moment The cards are stacked that way, lust ask anyone who has tiied it
—Purdue Engineer.
TOUCHBALL Tuesday Oetoher 28 'leld ' ^ 1 Alpha Tail Oroegca vs Sijrma Phi Epsilon Ofticial Noland 2 Alpha Sigma Alpha Gamma Rho Official Johes 3 Phi Gamma Delta--vs Kappa IXelta Rho Official Bernhaid 4 Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta Xi Official
Glazer
5 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Kappa lau QCfiOial Ztbn.i\g B Sigma Alpha Mu vs Pi Kappa Alpha
Official Olds
7 Signrih Nii Vs Kiippa Sigma Official
Captain <.*
8 Sigma Chi vs I ambda Chi Alpha
Official Rafferty
9 Delta'^UpsTlot^ vs Della Chi Offjcjal
E. C. Young To Address Offldals
^Meeting Qf Allied Mills Dr E C YouAI: of the farm management department will address a regional meeting of salesmen and dealers of Allied ^iills, Inc, being
held today at Peoria, 111
Dr Young is attending the meeting as a guest of A G Phillips who oiganized and headed the University poultry department a few year s ago and who is now vice president and sales manager of Allred Mills
Sigma Alpha Mu
. , . fof ihtiamuial touchball are . . social fiaterm,ty) announces wanted by the Intramural Office the initiation of Meyer Evanson^ Anyone who is inter d’sted in officiat- East Chicago, and M^rVin Eheren* ing in this year’s mtramuial touch- beig, Brooklyn, N. Y.
ball tussles is urged to srifn up, in
Room 111 of the Pieldhouse sew
J^tevei
Bela Theta Pi vs Official Wcntt
Phi Kappa Psi
BA^t^IINTON Tuesday t)ctoher 28 4 l5 p m' Collins vs Kahicr or R D Martin B Joi^c‘' vs jy^nnei of ahov^ ^m^itch Rifle Club Members Open Year's Activity Pui dye’s i;ifle club will take/np activities this year at 4 15 p/ m Pnday, Octobe;r 31 All of the membeis that participated last yean are urged to be present at this'first meeting New membeis aie also encouiaged to lepoit Friday The meeting wrU he held m Rnom li06 of the Pieldhouse Don L, Phillips, assistant intiamuial diieCtoi, also announces that applications for range officer position wrU be made at the meeting saw
tODAX -TOMOl^RiilW * DOUBLE I^EATURE OeSAVILLMB StrawbirnloAdi RITA HAYWORTH MAN MAIE • JACK CARSON • CfeORRE TOBIAS — PLUS — FLIGHT FROM DESTINY ^ith THOMAS MITCHELL JEFFREY LYNN GERALDINE FITZGERALD
^^Hie WISHIIMTON MERRY-00 ROUNJ
By Drew Pearson and Robert S Allen
Archangel Supply Route Studded With Hazards; Food Prices Should Drop WASHINGTON, Oct 27 —Big gest backstage decision the Admin istration has had to make—next to appeasement ot Japan—has been the lesolve to put all its supply eggs in one basket and concentiate thousands of tons of tanks, aii planes, trucks and aviation gaso line at the Ai ctic port of Ai changel Russia This vas a veiy liazaidous deci Sion, and was made only aftei con feideiable debate inside the Aimy and Navy, wheie some officeis aigued that Aichangel could not he kept fi ee ot ice all wintei, that the Nazis would be able to take the lailioad leading to Aichangel, and that piiceless U S supplies might he captuied in the srune way the British lost then mechanized equip ment at Dunkeique Major leason toi finally deciding on the Archangel route r\as not toi feai of the Japanese at Vladivo stok, but two othei factors<1) The long, long haul, not only 5,000 miles acioss the Pacific, but 5,D00 moie miles acioss the TiansSibenan (2) The fact that the Russians weie detei mined to put up an all
out, last ditch stand at the Volga Rivei, and convinced Aveiell Hamman’s militaiy advisers they could do it World Watches Archangel So, the eyes of the woild will be focused this winter on Aichangel and the battle ot the Nazis to cut this Ameiican life line to the Rus Sian army Heie are some of the factors influencing that battle Fust is ice Aftei January 2, the poit of Archangel and the White Sea aie fiozen solid In 1918 vhen American troops spent a dieaiy wintei at Aichangel, Biitish ice bieakeis veie unable to keep the ice open But though the Russians say they now have big modem ice bieakeis which can do the tuck, U S expel ts still have then fingeis crossed A modern ice breaker has no trouble cutting through a frozen mass a couple of feet thick But when it gets to be seven feet thick, the ice breaker usually slides out on top of the ice and sometimes gets stuck Furtheimore, the y, ind and tides drift (he ice after it is broken, so it piles up in great vertical cakes seven and eight feet high Vital Railroad junction The next big hazaid is the lail load south to Moscow This is a 700 mile stietch, and halt way between Archangel and Moscow, at Bologda, anothei lail line shoots east to the Volga Rivei and the new line of Russian defense This loute east is the one ovei which U S watei ma teiial vill be hauled So a tenific battle is sure uo be waged to capture the Bologda railroad junction In fact even to day, confidential repoits fiom Russia declaie that Finnish ski forces are being organized by the Nazis tor an expedition to cut the rail line Hovevei the Russians have been concentiating a tiemendous aimy m this aiea between Moscow and the vital poit ot Archangel They say they can defend the entiie lail line, and so tai they have been able to convince Heirimfin’s haul boiled militaiy expeits
Unjusl Food Prices Aie you paying high puces foi poik chops ^ AAA Administratoi Rudolph Evans says food puces should be falling, not using As he made this statement, Evans had in his hand a slip of papei just handed him by AAA maiket expeits It lead, “Hogs, slow, geneially 10 cents to 20 cents lowei than Tuesday’s aveiage ” Evans pointed out that hog puces had diopped neaily $1 ^0 pei bundled, fiom the leccnt high, also that othei puces aie falling oft Butter, usually the bellwethei ot faim pioducts is cheap (The British aie buying cheese not biittei ) Also, wheat and com aie off AAA IS endeavoring to pi event British food purchases from boosting domestic food puces, and Evans says there are abundant food stocks to supply the British without causing the slightest increase m U S prices His chiet woiiy, however, is the iutuie, when Biitish buying and the U S defense boom arc ovei To the question of what will happen to the Ameucan faimei then Evans gives this two told answei (1) Re sumption ot the AAA ciop and acieage leduction piogiam, (2) a laige scale diive foi foieign markets, even at the cost of heavy subsidies Capital Chaff U S diplomats in Moscow always sell then old clothes to the Russians, usually get about the same puce they paid toi them new, sometimes moie This is because high giade mateuals aie so haid to get in Russia Admiial Jeuy L^nd (Lindbeigh’s cousin) doesn t look happy about John Caimody becoming a membei of the Maritime Commission Caimody, who is used to mnning his own show as Fedeial Works Administiatoi/may insist on knowing what is going on inside the Maiitime Commission At piesent all of the Commissioneis except Land aie lubbei stamps (Copyught 1941, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
acoessoi res.
PwtdusL £xfiomnL All-American 1940-^41
* Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress I of March 3, 1879, and al the special rate ot postage provided foi in section 1103, act of Oefober 3, f 1917, authorized Januarj 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic yeai 1 and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by earner for $3 50 per yeai, mail subfccnptMins, ^4 00
rditor ini-Chief ( Newi Eflitor
hlfurUi Editor
Ned A Ochiltree Buhiness Manager John h Traugutt Maiiagint. Lditor Phil JohiiHon Coed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W Kugner Ruth Rose
Puhfjcalion Staff AsSKIdtc F IllOlb Editorial Staff J 1 Am s J ft Aimbtiong D T Brophy R J Hadio i 1 J n(b 1 O Kicptr Sports Staff O 1 f 1 rk It) i msii J S Kedtr 1 oed Staff M ry K H jnt n |Ali< ( h itfi il Jane Ramsdell
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager Donna Siess Office Manager I ee
B jssont
Local Advertising Managers K K Circulation Manager W 1 Bell
D Millard
Junior Coed Managers Jean Frankenbciry Francis I loyd Julia Mai tin c
Oiemre R E Saxton Accounts Manager W
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P M , 5377
Repribcntid for natnml advertisinf, ly National Advcitis int. Service Inc Collcte Publishers Rcpicsentatives 420 Madison Av( New York N Y
Staff For This Issue
f Night Editor Armstrong Bay Editor Chaldeld
Ihsiie I ditor Piseher Night Sports Editor Keeler
Stair K A KUskjii (. W Stan H I lekbUiii J I
Kimbrell D 1 Claspu W H Houston A P Hunter h 1 Jid 11 Will ui A Wiekfiid P Stcnbcig I Slone Si (lib D 1 Biewei W H Cass idj S A Wats ri R W Kieigei ( M 1 otte i
th(
h
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNER'S CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen OPENS TUES., NOV. 4th 7:30 P. M. Waltz, Slow and Fast Fox Trots Tayjght PHONE 2150 AJjLEINi (>tl> and Ferry
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY He Prescribes Long Laughf
^ in Large Doses}
SrpMiinV- ^ ShofiA. By Jeanme Lauer IF YOU WANT TO GO ON KECORD . . . lecpid yom voiqe at Southworth’b. A lecorfling; machine is liesing installed at the leai of the stoic, and thehouis It will opeiate will be announced soon It’s '£iin to hear your own voice, oi to supplement a leltci home iVith a recoidmg of the things you want to tell the family. %hese recoiids will cost 25 cents and up, depending on
the Size;
STRAIGHT FROM THE PAGES OF HARPERS . . . aie the attiactive wintei-wliite diesses at Loeb’s One is a shut waist ooiduioy fiock, with gatheied skiit, while anothei IS in white woolen . . . piinces style, with hiight embioidtied flowcJS on the bodice They’ie the smoothest /j \\ things imagineable undci a fm coat, oi with biight-t oloied
WHEN A SLIP BECOVIFS A SOCIAL ERROR . . . is the ipuch-used slogan foi the Mgry Baiion slips And, oh, how tiue this is, foi Vlaiy Baiion slips aic the ones that do not iide up ^ on can Imy these well-made quality slips at Queen City at $1,98 oi $2 98.
THIS LITTLE MAN HAS CAUSE FOR FEELING SAD lint vou nevei ivill if you send youi duty clothes to the (Test Side Cleaners This is the exclusive diy cleaning establishment foi the west side and is lof ated on Noithwestein at Vine (light acioss fiom the liie station) You’ll be moie than satisfied with the quality and piomptness of then seivice
GLITTER . GLITTER . . . AND STILL MORE GLITTER . . IS the theme foi the high-fashion diesses at the Palms Royal Both in black and in colois, these diesses loi those special dates and events, glitter with beads, sequins, oi metallic cloth
QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY . . . that unheatahlc pan, aie found in the expeit woikmanslijp and seivice that you’ll find at Bossung Shoe R( huildeis, 221 State St. So don’t put off any longei having those lun-down heels lepaiied oi scuffs touched up . . . foi you will like the liicndly, piompt seivice at Bossung Shoe Rehuilders
FOR ENJOYMENT AND PLEASURE . pipe-smoking cannot he heat All of you m()n appieciate the fine quality of English pipes, and lealize how diffienlt it now is to get these hot lei ipipes But at Bartlett’s yon will find a good supply, that was lioiight hefoit the maikel was eloped Bcttei take advantage ol this oppoiUi(Uitv to obtain a leally good pipe, and sloj) m at
^■^JiBai tlett’s soon.
THESE CHILLY FALL DAYS . . .
call foith foi mittens and gloves to keep up warm and comfoi table At Alan’s you will find a Jatge and most complete selection of mittens and gloves . , . melnding lovely Flench angoia mittens, and the Chesleifield mittens (the ones that the Chesterfield giil weais in the ads) Jhese aie fleece-lmed, with Icathei palm ami bunny lui hack , . theie aie slits m the palm and thunil) that peimit the fingeis to he fiee if desiied.
FORTY THOUSAND COPIES . . .
of Gunthei’s newest book, Inside Latin America,
have alicady been sold hcfoie it is even off pi esses Thioiigh the sci vices of the Book-ol
umnera ALL THIS WEIK
Month Clul), you tan obtain this hook (a It I 50 hook) and Young Men of Caiacas, by YBana (a WOO hook) foi only 00 loi lioth of them togethei T he Book-of-the-Month Club opoi ates ht i c in West Lafayette at the University Booh Store
A-IIUNTING WE WILL GO . . . will he yoiu theme-song allei seeing the complete line ol hunting supplies at the Foster Shop The spoi tinggoods depaitment at the leai of the fiist flooi caines an almndanoe of geneigl supplies and ammiiniUon, in addition to a veiy tomplete line ol iiffes and shot-
ALL THE GUESTS RAVE ABOUT . . . the excellent accommodations at the Union Club, and wcll-deseiyed eoinplimenta these *aie, indeed. The looms are nicely deeoialed and aie alwajs in spie and span condition. Theie is alwa)s a yvailJiig list loi these looms, so il you aie planning loi guests, mala youi leservations eaily.
with FRANK CLAIRE MDREAH-TIIEVail MARJORIE ALBERT >HIII-DEKKEe HENRY O'NEIU CHILL WlUS
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Tp,
A Paramount Picture with EPWMO hmm LEIF Erickson .GLENN anders/ WILLIE best • HELEN VINSON
LUMA
TODAY - WED. 2 SWELL H8TS
194}'S NEW LAUGH STAR In a Love and Laugh Thriller M rmSMm ‘RED SKELTON CONRAD VEIDT ANN RUTHERFORD . VIRGINIA GREY "RAGS’’ RAGLAND . HENRY 0 NEILL
EVE ARDEN
FIRST RUN FEATURE .
PLUS
1-
MAKE YOUR\FOOTBALL HEADQUARTERS THE POPULAR-PRICED, CONVENIENT
Y ou LL like the Dixie s convenience only a half block from finies Squ ire Express Subways to the Game center of New York s gay night life' You 11 like your cheerful room and the Southern hospitality in the Cocktiil Lounge, the Coffee Shop, the Did ens Bir, the Restaurant Best of all you 11 like the modest puces! See your Tiavel Agent for reservations now—or write Ihe Dixie!
Daily Rates from fSO $^50
, JINGLE
650 OUTSIDE ROOIVIS i — EACH WITH PRIVATE
V
BATHROOM AND RADIO/ W ’ ' 1 t T ' \ ' Xm8^0y,^ffct.l^S,^’i64i'W# Tl3 ii miml^ that is going .up from ■' ■ '" ■ ■ ‘i#pi$iWf?jJ0??er PiWrously }l%(^d||t^€^uW^<#5eipi6S fit) Jopka ^JiJ|Ce'!ahbth.epatitle.f‘|or^i<the fiootbajftitenmiije^-stop ijl^ierman's fU) liiHpU'nl l\)i.4i:ini-t it nin > Ail■-'-■! v.) — «W^ats, hoF J^arftyette'.e^J’ly tPc" their ia^j.itwro, lijonfer^ce,,,starts nj,u.(jh, in, py.’e^^.rQt:\^J;t^,., '|:'}ii)e.„^a^gdP„^cj5ie^Vile, ,,j^h^ h^9JK9mVi#tiljt),|iol|^,iifyirdyp,J,Qhi® S '*’’''”''1.^^ i'af|>l?B (#nd ,J)^ifinjM9p.ta| i§u’t P.WiP ,iVa' 6^3(9,tly %a^psy,oi\i,tlQ(^ ^or gnjfitpam. ^jswsssa.“ viS'C; *«»on .jamora f^r,,3ig Ji^nora,. mh, %. ^etP. t|\Plj9Sfnu9l' l;f,g^d.p^ %e |(9P^^a}l %e giy^t1^9 ^g^hQjy9^,at,,t;))e^^0Bj9 jof ,the Qjiio 3fate, ajjd, Iowa game aacknpflon IftilAe'! ^)§ophq9:n9p;e tjip bjanks o^.the jW^bash '*9 ^Qjjj[d pftt be.a pipy ciYpani'‘bPt ^ Hip,SBTOPa r^lity..,,, , ,,' , , ,, 1# (Wpg P^¥Ba# ^S9,\ne. ’ remainine Bie Ten 9|t^[§^:i9Pn:s yec^^r^s. T^e tniLna TS aS Iowa iMt.fgapip Qf ^;J?Pi,,^ea^Djj agaippt Wiana, mHWPj. apd ioY^a, Jt .to hayeyetitpnia^-k^tbpw^neolHpin W<Xe^e»chances ^ftd ^P.arp SftWalJy .con^^eypfi to W«fsi^S*cni^pfi9s. . ,, be ^out,of the ?;ppe.although,;p<ii9na ]|rbJ^#)d ‘JRe^liPd Broken hgs sbo)vn fflasbes ef j'yyinjydg fpptfaiuk Brbwn^ of the Ohio bOiH up^er sppLh^jpqrie .Bifly .HillpnBt^%,,^uc]^^yes it^d bis. u)\4pfea.teid Hap^r , ,, , , . r^pK.diH®^P at Ht .^btRb^y uTH standings follow: by ilortbwestern but this doesn’t W. L. Pet. mean the “Massilon wondei’” has Minnesota 2 0 1.000 finished his winning ways. He is Michigan 2 1 .667 just as anxious to start another Northwestern 2 I .667 streak and intends to do so against Wisconsin 2 I .667 Pittsburgh next Saturday. An ex- Ohio State —.. 1 1 .500 ample of Buckeye power was given Purdue 1 1 .500 at Los Angeles in the opening game Illinois 0 1 .000 of the season with Southern Cali- Indiana 0 1 .000 fornia when Brown’s proteges piled Iowa 0 3 .000
BaraSe
fQ^J^ WJ PJlILtJ^llSOIt
®f «®f %
YW
at your brist by the OLAN MILLS POJITRAIT' ^tUmOS a .SI ,’lj L} J f ^ iH ' on the Levee
-- ““ - ^ dotnfort ariif Secunty " '
AWdy from liome
1 i f . .. ?■ ^ VXi l^fXv> a A _ , Blue Wazer^ap Room Wamui tioom Cafe ’'‘' * ‘ ’ Air Conditioned ’" ‘
4th and Ferry Sts. ’ ’
Lafayette
Ijgve f«i!-te friHh Other? tp fr(f5hia?fi«^ S Wmfey V Bhesr»& Gsiro Tke Fkvor Iqsts ;
> ►o''V ' ^s^ 'i '(\\'sv
Editor’s Note: Today we appear under a new dress, the design dnd l^yput of which are the wprk of .lim Meyer, a junior in the school of Mechanical Engineering and a member of Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity. Thanks a lot, Jim. f 'Whaf’ Are Our Cjhance^? Chdnces of the Boilermakers winning the conference this year haye been, of course, gone with the wind by way of the Ohio State loss. However, there is still a good chance of finishing well up in the first division. It will be necessaiy for them to win the remaining two Big’ Ten games with Wisconsin and Indiana in order to be assuied of this first division berth. This year the conference is the most evenly balanced that it has been in several years. All of the teams are strong this year, and it is likely that upsets will be plentiful during the remaining half of the season. This close competition will probably mean the better teams will be lowered in the standing. • Of Course The Gophers Are Picked Naturally the Gophers are strong favorites to cop the title this year by going the route undefeated. If they gel; by Northwestern Saturday they should certairily be able to dispose of Iowa and Wisconsin and do just this. Michigan, Northwestern, and Ohio State are next in line with one loss each. Michigan and Ohio State play each other, eliminating one or the o|her frgrp tlje ranks of the once lost. The Gophers will probably put Northwestern in the same category. Iowa and Indiana have both lost two each. Illinois and Wisconsin will soon be at least that far away.
!
• Wherp Doe$ This Leave Us? Whije all of this finagling is going on all the Boilermakers have to do is beat the Badgers and the Hoosiers to end right up there with the best of them. Minnesota will probably get first with no losses. Either Michigan or Ohio State, probably the former, will be second, and Purdue will then fit into third place with a 3 and 1 record. They will be third as they will not play as many games as Ohio State or Michigan. As we say, ALL they have to do is beat Indiana and Wisconsin. • Jim Rush Comes Info His Own One of the outstanding points of the Iowa game was the great play of left end Jim Bush. The way he was using his hands and riding the ends, either getting the tackle or piling the interference, he looked like the All-American whom he understudied for two years, Dave Eankin. But his power wasn’t all defensively. On three end-arounds, the first used .by the Boilermakers this year, he ran like a halfbaclc to pick up g9P((J y^rHs® try. Then there was that pass he snatched from the ozone. Nice going, Jim.
Riveters Hpid first Bn| For Bettle Wi jh Fprifip Following tlleir tfirifling HottiefeoiriiBgf ther Boilermaker grid squad held their l5i»fc Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon in prepar^on'for^^ittim^ tussle with undefeated Fordham at the PoIe^GrtettiidS^fil’CTl#
Cros9-<^m^
$qiu9d Tff
Western State
EDGERTON HDWE.,tNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
We doir't suggest that you should be As round and corpulent as he — But Fatty Matty knows the place To come when he would feed his face. Good food is like nothing else—you’ll never fin.d two meals equally as satisfying down fd tl^e last cletail. But here at the Union yqii will discover that the food is always’ superbly cooked and well served in delightful surroundings. Prices, too, are designed I, to please you. JhL i ^JUJlduSL s . WsurnfMaL lAmofc The Corner of the Campus — 1 \ ) YeX the Center of /Activities
Fofresf McCaffry, By Don Brewer Forrest McCatfry, junior end on the Gold and Black giid squad, is one of the youngest of Mai Elward’s major lettermen, being 19 years old. McCalfry, 6 foot, 180 pounder, came to the University from Reitz High Schopl of Evansville, where he starred in baseball, basketball, and football. “Sure, I’ve played against Indiana’s Rill pEillenbrand,” said McCaffry in an interview, “and he’s just as tough as they make him
out.”
Junior In PE School Forrest is a junior in the physical education school and a member of Phi Rappa Tau fraternity. His high school baseball experience gained Rim a stronghold a.t first base with Dutch Yebring’s diamond squad last spring yl'Iiere he also received a major letter jn baseball as well as football. McCaffry is heading toward a career as a football coach after graduation and at present is not nxuch worried about the draft. Probably his greatest thrill was getting to start the Wisconsin game last year, however he was injured in the third quarter and forced to the sidelines. This year the only action he has seen has been against Pitt, having broken his nose in practice earlier in the season. Another Jurgens Fan Amiable, well liked among his teammates, Fox’rest holds the reputation for being good natured and happy-go-lucky. He has no particular pet peeves, likes Christmas cpjors, and his favorite hobby is dancing to the music of Dick, Jurgens and his orchestra. At present he is still wearing his own fraternity pin.
York City.
The initial conference triumph over the Hawkeyes last Saturday proved to be quite costly from the standpoint of injuries. Kenny Smock, the sensational sophpmqre passing star, suffered a recurrence of a ligament injury to bis jknee, and will be unable to see any further action before the Wiconsin tilt.
Hajzyk Injured < ' Bob Hajzyk, the fine Riveter country a«d«^ quarterback whose great playing its ends, the Botlermafe# has featured all Boilermaker tri- Carriers are now running sf i,0«» umphs, received a hip injury. Barry per^ntage. Coach PJiill|ps’^;9^8^e> French, the giant right tackle was all of the honors. Tpiey also hurt. beaten Indiana, Hjinois, OfiM> Stpte Coach Mai Elward was uncertain Wisconsin and next $atwdS^ last night as to whether Hajzyk, head for Kalamazoo, Micb.r'to French, and co-captain Tommy 9^ Western State. Melton, who sprained his ankle in After this meet is over, the squad the Ohio State fray, and did not will begin preparations for the play last Saturday, would see any State Championship which will-faei service in the contest with the high- held here at Purdue. This date hqa ly touted Rams. The loss of these been set for November J,5. TRe Rig three Riveter stalwarts, in addition Ten meet wiU also be held bgre to Smock, would be a severe blow November 22. , .
to the Boilermaker cause.
The cross country squad has the
Carter At Left Half prospects of becoming a Marion “Red” Carter, whose pionship team of any in sjgyerql brother Jim, of “Touchdown Twin” years. Coach Phillips has this ^afame rambled over |;be goal line son the best freshman squa^ since back in 1934 when the Boilermakers he hps been coaching. Next season launched the Ram series with a 7 also looks,bright for the RoileEto 0 victory, will take over at left makers as Ed Holderman ip the half in place of {he injured Smock, oftly member of the team, who if
This will be good news to all those graduating,
who have seen the very capable
little redhead in action.
All those on tRe squad who were not on the injured list went through
The Big Ten meet will wind up the fall season for the' ba^ers> Captain Holderman may then try'
, . , . . , , . for the National Championshm to
a brisk’scrimmage yesterday m the
X,. n -a; i. It. climax his final season. gjn.p.
Fieldhouse. Once again offense, both
on the ground and through the air, ■ was stressed 9s tRe BojlermaRer , _ ' ^ coaching staff began to geEp: tRe D^'bula, George Cheverko, E3 ShedRiveter grid machine for the most Claude PiecuIewicsE.
powerful opposition which it has
encountered to date.
Rams Undefeated—As Yet Before the current grid campaign got under way, eastern sports scribes tabbed Jimmy Crowley’s Fordham eleven as the outstanding
team in the East, and the Rams o’clock on Thursday af^nQp|i -anid with successive victories over detrain at Harpaon, N^;F ^ Southern Methodist, North Caro- 9:06 on Friday morning. Fr^ensthei® lina, West Virginia, and Texas they will proqeed to the I^,e^;chesChristian, have more than lived up ter Country Club at Rye, ^whei^ to their reputation. Coach Elward they will hold their final wo^qpl stated that the Rams possess two before the game, and ayvait the call of the finest running backfields in to battle on Saturday. Coach Frank the nation. Leahy’s Notie Dame squad wiU sdao They consist of Jim Blumenstock, be quartered at the Westchester whom one eastern scribe calls “The Country Club while it aiyait^ tRe black dynamite of Fordham’s Eight game with undefeated Army 'whidi Hoi semen hackfield, Jim Noble, Joe will be held dii-ectly across the river Andrejeo, Steve Filipowicz, Benny in the Yankee Stadium. r.wJc.
fIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Ser’vice belongs wjierever smart crowds gather. IJave Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
E A W E R S or r I N E C L10 T ft
REMQDEl HOW!
. ’ < 1 • I ®
Prices Are Rapi(|^y Advancing HENRY POO^ LUMBER CO.
West LafayeHe
Phone 3003
\
The Riveters will Re otat to even the intersectional series ’with For<tr; ! ham on Saturday. Thus far tRfe Rams have been ■victorious three
times, lost twice, and tied once. Team To Leave Thursday
The squad ydU .h,9Y9 ^' W St*’’* ;
Purdue Exponent
" ^ ^. , ,>/„ TuMsddy^ (Set 26^^1931
tit
Hereford Breeders To Hold Public Sale
Annual consignment sale of the Indiana Herefoid Breeders’ Association to be held at the Livestock Judging Pavilion, Oct 31, was announced today by Richard E Edwards, Peru, piesident of the association Henry Mayo, of the animal husbandy department and secietary of the association, repoited that Earl Gartin, Greensburg, and W V Eastburn, Lafayette, will seive as auctioneers for the sale which will start at 12 30 p m Buyei s from all sections of the counti y ai e expected to attend c j w
AGR's Oppose SAE's
In Softball Play-Off
son-Smith
New York, Oct 24—When Leo pold Stokowski makes his debut as guest conductoi of the NBC Sym phony Oichcstra on Tuesday, Nov
Last Thuisday’s deadlock in the fiateinity softball finals, between Alpha Gamma Rho and Sigma Alpha Epsilon, will be played off this afternoon on Intiamural Field, providing the weather peimits Pushing acioss six runs in the last two innings, the SAE’s eked out a 6 6 tie with the AGR’s foi
Classified Ads
Christian Science Organization* RegHllar meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 28 in room 303 of the Union Setiarate Busi ness meeting follows —LOCKWOOD *
STAR OF THE WEEK
WAA Cabin Leaders Course All persons desiring to take the course meet in front of the Memorial Gymnasium lucsday Oct 28 at 6 p m —BOND
Money to Loan on anything of value Albert s Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelers 407 Columbia St
Discussion groups will lesd
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mime ogiaph woik done C J Ebershoff 606 Main Lafayette Phone 2779
Newiuan Club meet in room 306 of the Union Tuehday Oct 28 and Wednesday Oct 29 at 7 30 p m Topic IS Marriage in the Catholic Church —RUNNION
Lost K & E log log—Decitiig slide rule Name W J Ncwill on case Call 8446
Military Bali Committee Meeting Tues day Oct 28 at 4 p m in room 302 of the Armoiy —DIBOS
4, at 8 30 p m , GST, the stage will series
be set for an experiment in the tiansmission of broadcast music un
Lost Piomisoiy note in Union Building to F L Crooks Uet irn to West Desk Reward
Student Senate Meeting Tuesday Oct 28 at 7 30 p m in the Senate Offic —DIBOS
Probable batteries will be Haidin
, , „ for Alpha Gamma Rho amd Havicht precedented in the oichestras five- ^ ^
yeai history
Lost Wallet in or neai Recitation Build ing Return to Union desk Reward
AWS Executive Board Mectinpr Wednes day Oct 29 at 7 30 p m m AWS office —SCARl F
Prof. D. 7. Canfield
, will piesent demonstrationlectures On the art of measuring electric energy befoie the employees of the Philadelphia Electiic Company, Philadelphia, Pennsyl vama, and the employees of the Public Service Company of New Jeisey at Newaik, New Jeisey, on October 28 and 29 This is the sec ond time Pi of Canfield has been asked to address these gioups
Appearing foi the fiist time with the oichestra will be an “acoustical refiectoi” designed to impiove microphone pickup foi the broadcasts heaid over the coast to coast NBC Blue Netwoik The leflectoi.
Ward Cross-Country To Be Run This Afternoon At 4
Wanted Experienced student soda clerks Thhty cents per hour Apply G O Arbuckle Cary Hall South
Coed Business Staff For Tuesday Oct 28 Lloyd Riddell Payne Pahtes Ciaig McCullouj,h Richcy and I evin — SIESS
A Cl OSS counti y lace for the
Notices
PEW Riding: Classes Required lecture in couisG will bo ^ ven by Mrs Thomas Tuesday Oct 28 at 7 15 p m in the hygiene lecf^iue room of the Women s gvm Be prepared to ask q lestions on any of the material pitscnUd Compulsory attendance foi cred t CASE
made of vaiious woods, will be vaiious waids will be held today placed behind the oichestia foi the ovei the short varsity cross coun puipose of diffusing tone equally try course, staiting at the threeAn unoithodox seating arrange- hole golf course at the end of Caiy
ment of musicians will be put into Lane
effect whereby bi asses will play poui men may entei as a team into the reflector with their backs to ^nd the first three that finish will
Sigma Delta Chi Dinner meeting for all actives Wednesday Oct 20 at 6 p m at Sycamore —TRAUGOTT
SCA Board Meeting T esday Oct 28 at 7 30 p m in riom 6G of the Union —PORTER
Mechanical Engineers ^WjAmencan bo ciety of Mechanical EngmaC^ membership applications may I c obtained in the gen eral office of the Mechanical Engineers building —BOLZ
the studio audience
670 - NBC
Anothei change involves micio-
score Numbers for the lace will be issued at 4 00 o^clock today Captains oi manageis of the
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges Get your pla ques fiom the office by Tuesday October 28 01 they will be thrown away —TRAUGOTT
Personnel Notes
phones Instead of the single mike ^hat will participate must
Companies Scheduled To Visit the Campus— (On Seniois’ Company Lists) E I duPont de Nemours and Company, Wilmington, Delaware October 29, 30 and 31, 1941 Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akion, Ohio October 30 and 31,1941 Ranger Aircraft Engines, Farmingdale, L I, New York November 3 and 4, 1941 General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan November 5 and 6, 1941 RCA Manufacturing Company, Inc, Indianapolis, Indiana November 6, 1941 Not on Seniors’ Company Lists) *Yale and Towne Manufacturing Company, Stamford, Connecticut October 29,1941 S and Jr M E Standard Oil of Louisiana, Baton Rouge, Louisiana November 4, 1941 ■*Colgate-Palmobve Peet Company, Jersey City, New Jersey No vember 6 and 7,1941 M E , Ch E , and Science ^Square D Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin November 6 and 7, 1941 January E E and M E 'Types of students indicated please sign up in school offices foi these companies if interested (As rapidly as possible, complete notices regal ding the visits of the above companies will be posted on school bulletin boaids )
previously used foi the tiansmission of the NBC conceits, Stokow ski will have two, and possibly a
thud
These innovations are the result
fill out entry blanks at the Intra muial Office They are also uiged to get then men into tiainmg foi
the giuelling battle
Gold medals will be given to the
Purdue Gymnastic Club Practice every weekday from 4b pm Tumbling and hand balancing every Tues Thurs and Sat Apparatus work every Mon Wed and Fri Those inteicsted are asked to work out at the indicated times —ePOZER
of obseivations and expeiiments membeis of the winning team, and Stokowski himself made at NBC '"“y® ^hat finish fiist, second weeks befoie he called the musi- thud saw Clans togethei for then fiist le
hearsal under his direction
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiates Dues must It laid b foit W due lay Ott 21 Briiife or SCI (1 $4 2) to South Hall room 2!i CORNlHWAnE
WAAF 950 - NBC
chosen foi presentation on the fiist Stokowski conceit, Nov 4 Titled
Stokowski will be an innovator “Smfonietta,” it was wntten by on the program as well as on the Philip Wainer young staff pianist technical side by giving special em at Station WCFI, Chicago phasis to American music Opening This work was selected, as all the doois to Ameiican composers, subsequent new music for the pio known and unknown, submitted giams will be, by Stokowski and a scoies judged outstanding in orig- “committee of selection” conipiised inality and creative ability will be of NBC music executives Samuel given a heaiing on the Stokowski Chotzinoff, director of the Music diiected piograms Division, Dr Frank Black, geneial The conductoi’s invitation to music diiectoi, and Einest La composers to submit new scores has Prade, diiector of music leseaich
been announced on each of the NBC Symphony Orchestra broadcasts
since the start of its fifth season Stokowski will open his first conHundreds of manuscripts have al ceit with his own tianscription of leady been leceived from the United Bach’s “Prelude in E Plat Minor’ States, Canada, Mexico and Latin from the “Well Tempeied Clavi America choid” The orchestra will next
play the First Movement of War ner’s “Smfonietta ” aftei which will
From these, a composition by an come the featured woik, Brahms’ unknown Illinois composer has been Symphony No 3 m F Majoi
Silver Mask Spfciai meet ng Tutsday Ocl 28 at 30 in room ^02 of the Union All m(.mbcrs be present to select candidates — lOWER
690 - NBC
WAA Hockey Pract ecs Monday W d ntsdiy an 1 Fri lay October 27 29 un 1 I foi class t am eligibility —HARRISON
WGN 720 MBS
Triton Club Reg ilar meeting Tuesday Oct 28 at 7 30 p m in W men s gym Pai ty 1 ostp ned KRAEPLLILN
Today On
WBAA
10 00—News 10 10—Curio Man 10 15—Morning Melodies 10 30—WBAA Piesents 10 45—Theatre of Song 11 00—“Principles of Sociology’ with Prof T K Noss 11 50—Puidue News 12 00—Agiicultuial Foium 12 15—Meet the Band 12 45—(Flexible for Spccnl Events) 1 00—Souvenirs 1 30-—Betty Wedge, singer 1 45—Markets 2 00—A Stoi y a Day 2 15—Parent Forum 2 30—Virginia Uliey singer 2 45—Treasure Chest 3 00—News 3 10—Building foi Defense No 72 3 15—Afternoon Melodies J 30—Musical Round Up 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 15—Heard in the Hallv/ay 4 30—David Simpson pianist 4 45—Little Miss Muffett 5 00—Just Relax 5 15—Employment Service 5 30—Vespeis 5 45—Cuiio Man 6 50—News 6 00—Dinner Music 6 30—Spoits Review 6 45—The Magie Caipet 7 00—Religious Drama 7 15—Aimy Air Corps Interview, Lie at Breen 7 30—Carolyn Wood, singer 7 45—Music Without Words, Mil dred Johnson 8 00—Stoiy of the Opera 8 30—Community Chest Diive 8 45—Sacied Music 9 00—Iiv Given’s Band 9 30—Musie 9 60—News
Dr. A. M. Irion — PENTIST — II9'A Northwettern Av« Phone 4965
ADRIENNE AMES (star of stage, screen and radio) visits many training camps in her |ob as Chairman of the Entertainment Committee of the Home Legion A carton of Chesterfields is a mighty welcome gift for the men in camp.
Follow the lead of Adrienne Ames and send the men in the camps the cigarette that^s Definitely MILDER and BETTER-TASTING
\
^ f* Everything about Chesterfield “■ is made for your pleasure and convenience ... from their fine, rightly blended tobaccos to their easy-to-open cellophane jacket that keeps Chesterfield always Fresher and Cooler-Smoking.
Buy a pack and fry them.
You're sure to like them because the big thing that’s pushing Chesterfield ahead all over the country is the approval of smokers like yourself.
EVERYWHERE YOU GO
Copyright 1941 Licemr & Myeb^ Tobacco Co*
Interfratcrnitv Presidents Council Shoit meeting at Boti Theta h( iso Tucb laj Oct 28 at 7 1 1 m Ni dinner MAYFIELD
Purdue Plajers P tit ons foi rew heads for PctiiHci Foicst ir due Wednesday Oct 29 It 4 1 m —KI CK
Union Workers Th re ^vllI be n commit tee meeting f the folio ving peopl in the Union ofTieo Wcfincs 1 ly Oct 29 it4p m Chestnut Cwini Car AJ ms Alter Chiisty McDonal I Cee ud Ph Ihns —MORE
Kappa Psi Important meeting Thuisday Oct 30 at 7 30 I m in room 305 of the Union —SCOTT
Alpha Lambaa Delta AM members want ing pin'! must place order before Wednes d ly Oct 2) 1 nee is $3*^ Bring or send m ncy t) South Hall loom 23^ —CORNTHWAITE
WAA Fencing Fall Out Beginners an 1 alv red f i cers Oet 28 from 4 to 4 10 1 —LMIIOFl
Union Sophomores Following membeis of the Browsin Ro m eomm tt e meet in Union ffiee at 4 Ian m Tuc 1 ly Oet 28 H ost Plat 1 H II r Tayl Kapl in French McQ iist( n Stoelting and W t HUDSON
Engineer Subscribers Anyone who has not leccived a c ly of the October issue I lease notify oi r office —SCOBEE
Battery Athletic Officers There will be a meeting of all BAO s at 4 p m Thursday Oct 30 in room 205 of the Armory —LT R F VBANDERFORD
Scabbard and Blade Members Formal meeting in the Union Wednesday Oct 29 at ^ 30 p m —SUEI AVIN
WAA Cabin Leaders Course All persons desiring to take the course meet in front of the Fieldhouse at ^ p m Tuesday Oeto bei 28 Call Alice Reid at the Kappa House 40 9 for reSGivati ns I fore noon Monday Assessments of 2^ cents f r fonl —BOND
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges Meeting at ^ p m Tuesdav October 28 in room 302 of the Union Initiation fee is lue then —BIERLEIN
M.
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Lana turners apireaiance nr the setting ot a estern mining town for Metro Gokhvyn Miner s HonI j 1 onk rtallj isii t so strange for her. She was born in the mining town of Wallace, Idaho and her father was a mining engineei. However, she doesn’t remember much about the town in tiiosc days as she Iclt at an early age Hei role in this latest picture in which she co stars with Clark Gable is just the opposite of the real life facts Born and reaied in Boston she goes tVest when re?iching young womanhood and stays theie after meeting Claik Gable and what young girl wouldn t By the wav those are cotton stockings that Lana is wearing or haven’t yoq noticed Lafayette starting Sunday
S -'tirarnJLIi
D o CATS liave eyes that can see in the dark‘s Not in total darlcness. Science says. But in comparative darkness their pupils are capable of expanding to huge size in order to utilize what light there is.
two out of five at college age, have defective eyesight. And no wonder Science is doing something about improving your hghtingj
Unlike the cat, man 5s a da3dime animal. Until a few generations ago, men rose and retired with the sun, using their eyes mostly for distant seemg of simple objects. Even in the shade of a tree in summer, your eyes have the benefit of
as much as a hundred times more hght than you struggle to read or study under in the average living
room at night.
Easy fo Start Today Today, while we can't yet bring the sun indoors, we can come closer to it than ever before. We can start, in your home or in your ofhee, store or factory, by making a simple survey of your lamps and fixtures with a hght meter.
NO WONDER one out of hve grade school children*
-I-) I
You'll be surpnsed and dehghted by the many new ingenious ways you can get more hght at low cost! Just phone, and ask to have your hghting measured. There's no obhgahou whatever!
\ Successors to PUBLIC_SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, NORTHERN INDIANA POWER COMPANY CENTRAL INDIANA POWER COMPANY
FREE "KITCHEN-LITE
Coupon enclosed with your light bill entitles you to a free "kitchen hte” with the purchase of six other Mazda bulbs of any size. Coupon redeemable at your ^Pealers or at our stores.
(One of Our Lightinjl % Salesmen Will Call On ^ You Very Soon ^ Very soon one of our salesmen will call upon you with an attractive offer of li^t conditioning equipment, ''