/
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY December 7, m? Lafayette, Indiono VOL. 49 No. 71
Dr. Elliott Announces New Ruling Over Co-ed Smoking On Campus President E. C. Elliott announced last night that women students maysmoke in the lavatories and rest rooms of the following buildings only: Library, Physics Building, University Hall, and the Education Building. This action came about as the result of a letter sent by Mortar Board to the president, requesting that women students be allowed to smoke in the buildings and not on the campus. Indiana University co-eds do not smoke on the campus.
A. P. Stewart To Present Choir At Xmas Convo Albert P. Stewart will present the University Choir at the annual Christmas convocation Tuesday, December 14 at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. This is the fifth year the choir has provided a program of Christmas music for the University. “A Christmas Choralogue” by W. B. Olds will be featured by the Choir and the narrator Robert M. Horn, of the speech department. This is a short composition which mainly provides an accompaniment and creates an atmosphere for the reading of the Christmas story. The remainder of the program, which will not be more than an hour in its entirety, will consist of carol singing by the combined audience and choir. This convocation is open to students, faculty, and townspeople without charge. Ag Alumni Sponsor Four Broadcasts In State This Week This week four Indiana radio stations will present a series of four broadcasts entitled “Indiana Agriculture Goes on the Air.” The broadcasts, sponsored by the Purdue “Ag” Alumni Association, will feature prominent Indiana farmers and Purdue specialists. L. E. Hoffman, president of the association, states that this new series of broadcasts will be filled with local entertainment features and contain many practical farming suggestions. The stations over which the programs may be heard and the time of their respective broadcasts are as followsWBOW of Terre Haute, today, 12:30 p. m.'to 1:15 p. m.; WFBM of Indianapolis, tomorrow, 11:30 a. m. to 12 noon; WIND of Gary, Thursday, 1:30 to 2:15 p. m.; and WOWO Fort Wayne, Friday, 11:15 a. m. to 12 noon.
Exponent Board All elected officers of the Exponent will meet with the faculty advisers of the paper in the conference room of Agricultural Hall at 4:30 Thursday afternoon, December 9. —Manion.
While the new ruling has been passed by the Executive Council, there is a restriction that it has to prove satisfactory for a semester. This is a privilege women students have wanted for a long time, that they might not have to smoke on the campus. Co-eds Attend Joint DePauw Conference Women representatives of four universities, Butler, Indiana, DePauw, and Purdue, held a conference at DePauw last Saturday. Eighteen of the 96 girls represented Purdue. After registering at Rector Hall, discussions concerning WSGA, honoraries, Pan-Hellenic, WAA, Wom<en’s League, and YWCA were led by prominent women from the four universities. Conclaves jvere held over until the afternoon sessions. After lunch Agnes E. Wells, Dean of Indiana, gave an informal talk. Purdue’s point system of WAA, counseling system, and orientation were discussed after lunch. University representatives pointed out that Purdue’s freshmen showed better results in orientation than the freshmen at other colleges. PiBetaPhiMdhers Attend Luncheon Indianapolis Pi Beta Phi mothers, whose daughters attend Purdue, recently played host at a luncheon in the capitol city to members of the Pi Phi Mothers’ Club of the University. The luncheon wa^ held at the Canary Cottage on the Circle, after which the grottp was taken to visit the new Pi Beta Phi chapter house at Butler University. Local members of the club who went to Indianapolis for the affair included: Mrs. Arthur MclQueeiu, Mrs. G. H. Cutler, Mrs. V. D. Sexson, Mrs. J. F. Kirkpatrick, Mrs. R. B. Wiley, Mrs. R. L. Holden, Mrs. Ernest Driscoll, Mrs. A. R. Mather, Mrs. Clara Baugh, Mrsi H. H. Kidd, Mrs. C. F. Edgerton, and Mrs. Cora Case, the house mother. WSGA Establishes New Soph Training School Betty Ann Stewart, WSGA president, who ig in charge of the recently established training school for sophomore girls explained the project will teach WSGA girls to be efficient committee chairmen. Next year’s chairmen will be chosen from the group in ti;aining school which meets each Monday afternoon for the rest of this semester.
SomogyVs Three Weeks^ Growth Of Beard Finally Falls Before Razor
By Dorothea Justin In a few fell strokes, Victor Somogyi’s three weeks’ earnest effort hjas been destroyedi, and washed down a drain pipe. Vic was Andy all last week in “Hell Bent Fer Heaven.” Vic for three weeks has been rurining around the campus freed from a usual irksome, chiefly masculine task—shaving. Three weeks to grow a luxuriant, half inch, hirsute appendage was all he needed. (Vic’s .girl raves more than that). Dark, shining, fed on daily applications of theatrical cold cream, used to remove other makeup, his beard was wonderful to behold. A Sad Occasion Sunday morning he shaved it off. ’Twas a sad occasion. All his friends gathered around to watch the dif-
ficult operation, to heckle', to laugh gleefully when the razor pulled or cut him. Mournfully, manfully, he made the sacrifice. Why? “I’m just a junior in science,” explains Somogyi. “Since transferring here from Mjchigan’s forestry school, I've heard a lot about this tradition of only seniors wearing mustaches or beards.” Sophs Threaten Growth The rest of the story, that the rule was brought forcibly to his attention by a bunch of sophomores with razors, and proof by H. Kenn Carmichael to his assailants that he was in the play, and legitimately growing whiskers, is last week’s history. Vic says he won’t risk getting killed again. The play, with the excuse for his beard, is over.
WAA Co-ed Dance Friday Night For Swing Stompers By Emily Sawdon Clip rhythm will be featured by Zeke Shapiro at the WAA co-ed bid dance Friday night in his first appearance on the Purdue campus. His rhythm, ar combination of stomp and modern swing, he hopes will inspire the dancers to informal gaiety which he believes characterizes a good dance. Of course the “Big Apple” ^ is being done at all the better dances this season so the co-eds are planning several groups for those who are proficient and also for those who wish to become proficient. Champ Big Appier As a sideline, John E. Dietrich, new this year in the speech department, from shagging Wisconsin, is a champion “Big-Appler” of finest redness and roundness. As yet he has made no statement as to whether he is attending the dance (telephone 2898). Addition of another feature quite unusual to the University is the trading of dances. Plans are not completed as to how this is to be done, Margaret Jones, program chairman, stated, but since everyone will be masked, the committee members are quite optimistic concerning ways in which no one will have a monopoly on her man. Confetti will be given at the door, and seasonable showers of the paper bit, will scatter o’er the ballroom as the final pep-per-upper. H. MeisseToSpeakAt University Club Dinner “A More Equitable System of Taxation” will be discussed by Harry Meisse, executive secretary of the Indiana Taxpayers’ Association at a faculty meeting sponsored by University Club tonight at 8 p. m. in'the Union ballroom. Faculty members and their wives will attend the meeting, which will include an informal reception and refreshments following the address. Mr. and Mrs. Meisse will be the guests of University Club officers rt a dinner earlier in the evening. Pajama Race Ends In Bed By The Roving Reporter Who said this is cold weather ? John Lux, ChE ’39, and Ransome Greenfield, Eng ’41, of Beta Sigma Psi fraternity, were discussing the relative frigidity of the weather just before retiring to their cold upstairs dormitory about 11:26 last night. Just to test the weather they decided on a pajama race around the block. Greenfield’s carpet slippered feet set the owner out to an early lead. From the house on Pierce street to Wood street, thence to Grant, up to State, to Pierce and back to the house he sped in exactly 10 Oseconds, to beat the slow Lux by a full 20 seconds. Loser Lux had to warm up winner Greenfield’s bed as a part of the bargain. Pres. E. C. Elliott, Ross Accept Appointments President E. C. Elliott and David E. Ross have accepted appointments to the sponsoring committee on home management of the seventh international management congress which will be held in Washington, t). C., September 19 to 23, 1938. Viscount Leverhulme, of Great Britain will be president of the congress which will bring together about 2,500 management experts from some 40 different countries. A forum for exchanging world experience on all phases of management will be provided by the congress, aiding the economic production of goods in industry and commerce.
Military Freshmen To Hear Health Talks “Health Lectures for Freshmen Military Students” will be the general title of a group of lectures to be given to freshmen military students during the next two weeks. Freshmen will not be required to attend regular Corps Day formation at the Armory today or during the next two weeks. Today at 11 a. m. all freshmen and battery commanders and first sergeants of the third and fourth regiments will form in Eliza Fowler Hall. Thursday, the corresponding personnel of the first and second regiments will meet in Eliza Fowler Hall, where they will hear a lecture, given by Dr. S. J. Miller of the Health Department, on “Venereal Diseases.” Markers will be placed in the hall to segregate the men according to their batteries. Dr. F. R. Eastwood, of the University staff, will lecture to the same formations December 14 and 16, on the subject of “Military Sanitation.” With the exception of battery commanders, first sergeants, and freshmen, all other military students will take regular Corps Day formation in the Armory, where juniors will be in charge of the batteries. Bucket Is Found After Much Ado About Something ' By B. T. Loveridge Where is the “Bucket?” That is the question being asked by many students on the campus today. At last the secret is out. The Bucket having had the new “P” added unofficially only, is in a vault in the new Fieldhouse. Before the “P” is officially added to the Bucket it must bear the inscription of the score, place played, and date of the game. Upon being engraved, the “P” will be soldered to the chain of “P’s” already on the Bucket. If students desire to see the Bucket, an arrangement can be made with President Elliott, whereby the Bucket will be placed on display. Although on display, it will heavily guarded to see that nothing happens to it. Prom time to time it will be displayed so the students can see it. Hulse Resting Well After Operation Virginia Hulse, Debris beauty contest winner, was feeling better and resting well in the Home hospital last night following an emergency operation for appendicitis performed at 8:30 Sunday night. Miss Hulse, Kappa Alpha Theta, was one of four finalists in the contest to select beauties for Debris photo pages held in the Union ballroom Saturday night. Dr. E. B. Rushley and Dr. L. J. Holliday, of the Home Hospital staff, performed the operation. Debris Will Take, Pictures Tonight Organization pictures for the ’38 Debris will be taken tonight from 7 till .9 in the tower room of the Union, iphe time for taking each picture has been increased in order to eliminate waiting, but it is necessary for each organization to be ready at the scheduled hour. Debris officials state. A schedule of the sittings wil be found in today’s Exponent. The Debris announced last night that the deadline for submitting names of outstanding fraternity alumni from the local chapters has been set as Wednesday, December 15.
Acacia Initiates
Acacia social fraterpity announces the initiation of the following men; W. J. Harris, G. H. Foster, N. H. Riise, W. L. Shedd, and D. D. Schinbeckler.
Engineering Societies To See Motion Pictures Of San Francisco Bridge Motion pictures of the construction of California’s Golden Gate Bridge at San Francisco will be presented to students at an open joint meeting of student branches of civil, mechanical, electrical, and chemical engineering societies in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building tomorrow at
7:30 p. m.
Through the cooperation of Franklin C. Moses, CE ’39, the pictures were obtained from the Bethlehem Steel Corporation, which has only recently re- ,
Foreign Advisor To Tibetan Grand Llama Will Lecture Here
leased them for presentation.
Largest Bridge
The Golden Gate Bridge is the largest bridge of its type in the world. With an over-all length of seven miles, its six traffic lanes end two pedestrian walks are supported by two gigantic cables, measuring 36 inches in di»meter and weighing 11,000 ^ons. These immense cables are built up of 80,-
000 miles of wire.
Joseph B. Strauss, chief engineer of the bridge, first conceived the idea for such a structure in 1917, and it was then that he drew up the first plans. For 20 years Strauss expended time, effort and money to further his idea. Last June, the great bridge, distinctive in size and the first to be built across the mouth of a major ocean harbor, was opened as an important link in the proposed allPacific coast highway system. Flying Club Rians Active Program For Coming Year's Work Competition among members, flying meets with other schools, and addresses given by prominent men in aviation, are being planned for this year’s Flying Club program. This winter, when the flying conditions. 'are adverse, the club will discuss possible types of ships to replace the Porterfield 35-70 which they bought last year. Put 450 Hours On Ship Approximately 450 hours have been put on the ship since its purchase. 125 hours were flown this semester. Just what type of ship will be purchased next spring or possibly this winter is not known. The Porterfield has proven vexy satisfactory and a ship somewhat similar will probably be chosen.
Gordon B. Enders, foreign advisor to the Grand Llama of Tibet, will speak on “Tibet and the Far East Crisis,” at the annual “All Science Banquet” to be held in the Memorial Union ballroom at 6 p. m. December 16. Enders spoke here last March at a similar meeting of the science school. He is also the author of the best seller, “Nowhere Else In The World.” Enders has written articles for several magazines, discussing plans for opening Tibet, “forbidden land of mystery,” to the world. J. E. Brock To Talk On Exponent Work A discussion of the Exponent by J. E. Brock, managing editor today at 4:15 p. m. in room F of the Union Building, will open sessions sponsored by the newly formed Union Activities Bureau. This discussion was originally scheduled for last Thursday, but was postponed because of conflict with the convention of College Unions. Brock will address his talk to students interested in journalism or Exponent work as an activity, and will illustrate the discussion with sample personnel blanks, “dogs,” marked papers, and “official gripe sheets,” among other samples of office equipment. The Activities Bureau in room F is open every week day afternoon froni 4 to 5.30 to any student desiring information concerning campus activities.
Senior Science Student Explains Cases* History
By Jim McKee C. M. Kirkpatrick, senior science student, sat at a desk in the office of Dr. Mattox of the biology department labeling slides. I interrupted him to inquire about the biology display cases. In case you haven’t seen the cases, they are just opposite the main entrance of Stanley Coulter Hall. Each week these two cases hold displays of the zoology and botany departments. The case on the right belongs to the zoologists, and the other to the botanists. Kirkpatrick interrupted his labeling to tell me about the history of the cases. Gets Idea At Wisconsin For 233 consecutive weeks the cases have held exhibits. The idea of the cases came to Dr. Enders while visiting Wisconsin University. There similar cases were filled each week by the same departments. People from all over the Badger campus dropped in to see the exhibits some time during the week. Dr. Enders had the cases made over four years ago. Each week the faculty, assisted by senior science students, prepare an exhibit for the two cases. This year Dr. Mattox is in charge
of the zoology case and Mr. Kirkpatrick is assisting him. The record of the cases’ history is kept in the biology basement. Each exhibit is recorded. The exhibits that attract the most onlookers are repeated later. It was surprising to see, though, how little duplication has been made. Display Hard To Get ‘*You might think it was easy to get a display every week with all there is in this building, but it isn’t. I don’t know what I’m going to have in the case next week yet. It has to be in either Tuesday or Wednesday,” said Kirkpatrick. He then took your repqrter into the University museum in the biology basement. “Here we get most of our displays,” he continued. “The different instructors, when they have something especially interesting, tell me about it, and I try to get it in.’’ Draw Big Crowds Kii'kpatrick is sure that the live exhibits draw the bigger crowds. “And why not ?” he said, “Anything moving is better to look at than stuffed fishes.” When asked what exhibits he thought had drawn the most specta(Continued on'page 4)-V- 'n 'Stvv,7V‘
M'\' 7' p"IS|. m K?/. i7' <
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday* December 7, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Every Rooming House... ... in West Lafayette is expected to be visited this week as student canvassers carry out a drive backed by Exponent, the Purdue Independent Association, and the Purdue Student Alliance to collect information for the use of students when they come to the University in search of rooms next fall. Distribution of questionnaires, now being mineographed at the Dean of Men’s office, will begin this evening when heads of independent house organizations answer PIA President Robert Schlundt’s call to a meeting in the association’s Union office. Subsequent sessions of campus independent leaders this week, will be aimed at organizing individual campaigns in each ward. Drafted by organizations supporting the drive, amended and approved by Dean M. L. Fisher, the two-page questionnaire form includes space for practically any information a student would desire to know about a house preliminary to looking over the place and talking personally to the landlady. Address, name of landlady, phone number, number and capacity of rooms, price per student, bathroom facilities, board provisions, distance in minutes’ walk from the campus ... all will be set down on the survey blanks. Dean Fisher mailed questionnaires to the landladies this fall, as in previous years, but the return was incomplete. The present canvass is more comprehensive and is intended to reach every student rooming house on the West Side, and later, in Lafayette. The housing questionnaires will be studied for statistical purposes and then filed according to street and number for use of students next fall and in succeeding years. The files will probably be kept in the Dean of Men’s office, available to all students. University official and student sentiment are back of the present drive to register all
‘member ^soeiated hamsom wisconsm Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Conirresa of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrine the rcKUlar academic year and weekly durins the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail |8.B0. ftBPRESSNTED POR NATIQNAL ADVERTISING BY Nattal Advertising Service, Im. College Publishers Representative 420,Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston •• Los Angeles - San Francisco BIAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union' Buildinsr, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
BnsineM Msnacer
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF
Manarinr Editor....„...™„.„— J. E. Brock Associate Editors ..J). A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, O. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager. National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
....J. P. Girard ...W. J. Gillilan JR. R. Hensler ....M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Mitors Miary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF
R. F. Obenchaln J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor — Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, amd published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessaifly coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Keck Tuesday, December 7, 1937
student rooming places with the University. It can scarcely fail to bring about some worthwhile developments.
Beauty Waddles On Dear Editor: Saturday I attended the Varsity Show and left disgusted. There was a beauty show, that, rather than exhibit the girls’ good points, exhibited their poor body movements and posture. There was only one girl out of the 65 girls that could carry herself gracefully and with ease. There was one other that could walk gracefully. I am sure that many of our co-eds would be more Attractive if they learned to walk and carry themselves correctly. I suggest that a course be offered by Dean Stratton on charm. The course should include gracefulness in walking and carriage—also the appliance of correct make-up in the correct proportions so as to make the face more attractive. The course should include a few lessons on correct dressing so they might be able to put stockings on with the seam running straight up the rear of the leg instead of at an angle as is the case with a good majority of the co-eds at Purdue. W. R. M., ME ’40
Where Is That Bucket? Dear Editor: The following letter is based upon a question which many students, especially freshmen, have been asking one another. That question is, “Where is the Old Oaken Bucket?” No one seems to know the exact answer. It has been over two weeks since we won the coveted trophy from Indiana. Before this game we all were urged to wear paper, streamers saying “One-two-or three days to get that Bucket.” Now that we have the Bucket, the student body with a few exceptions, hasn’t had one glimpse of it. Even the upperclassmen have not had the privilege of viewing our prize. The bucket has been at Indiana for three years, so that the sophomores and juniors, along with the freshmen, have seen it only in pictures. I am in favor of a public display of the Bucket in the Union or the Fieldhouse. I think that this is a debt which is owed to the student body for their sportsmanlike cooperation and spirit which helped to bring the Bucket back to Old Purdue. Paul Shellabarger, Sci ’40
By Sally McKee Suggestions for Christmas gifts for the girls. Rushing along from New York shop to shop, B. B., in her Christmas series of “On and Off the Avenue” sketches in the New Yorker, gives us notes of hundreds of thrilling things any girl must want. Vanities, lip stick tubes, and cigarette cases in metal, wood, and ivory are put back a bit by the lovely new things in tortoise shell— shell of any kind for that matter. Handbags of Hungarian, Hindu, or Tebetan design. Gloves gay, stubby, leather, silk or angora— gloves for all occasions. Those crazy scarfs this time with “Peace” in 66 different tongues, printed over them. Hankies, afternoon or evening. For the girl who wants one or the young giddy miss there are lots of extravagant bobs for the hair. And
those alluring veils or halos please all girls. In jewelry, there is an unending offering. The topaz and zircon are leading the fashion bill just now, but pins, pendants, bracelets, beads, or set of these with any stone will strike any girl’s fancy. Perfume of one of her favorite kinds in gay, delicate little bottles. Clocks in an interesting globe, heaven, or scenic settings will wake your friend with a mery twinkle for her January 3 8 o’clock. Two warnings, boys. A ring, symbol of unending affection is proper only at that one special time. The other, don’t give lingerie—“It’s not done.”
By Mary Cooley Compulsory military training in colleges—particularly land grant colleges which receive federal funds —is often the target for criticism by peace organizations. However, the way in which our college students are, in some instances, forced to take military training contrasts strongly with the manner in which young men are trained for war in foreign countries. In Switzerland, Italy, France, Rumania, Peru; Germany, Algeria, and Iraq, all young men are compelled to undergo a period of military training. And this is not in conjunction with college work. They have to serve a year or more in the army, just as do regular soldiers. Military service in Turkey is regarded as so important that it is practically impossible for a young man to get a job unless he has completed his military term. Co-eds are not always omitted in training for the national defense in other nations. For instance, the Women’s Home Defense Organization of Estonia trains young women for their part in war through an organization called the Home Guards. The Boy Scout organizations in some countries have been drafted as military training agencies. Boy Scouts in Brazil, for instance, are financed by the government and receive training for war under the Ministry of War. Military training is compulsory in Argentina between the ages of 18 and 21. However, all youths are not required to undergo the training. Lots are drawn and the trainees are selected in this manner. So after considering the compulsory military service of more militaristic nations, drill two or three times a week in college ROTC units may not be so bad after all. * * * ♦ After 51 years a graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1886 has returned to the Institute to take a course in spectroscopy, which is now his hobby.
Debris Group Sittings Schedule
These pictures will be taken Tuesday, Dec. 7, at the scheduled time. 7:00—Cosmopolitan Club. 7:05—Phi Mu. 7:15—Alpha Phi Omega. 7:20—WBA A. 7:30—Playshop Board. 7:^5—Theta Alpha Phi. 7:45—Xi Sigma Pi, 7:60—Triton Club.
8:00—Hoof and Horn. 8:06—Alpha Zeta. 8:16—Ceres. 8:20—Agriculturist. 8:30—YWCA. 8:35—Sigma Delta Psi, 8:46—Co-op Group I. 8:60—Co-op Group II. 8:56—Coneert Choir.
DEBRIS BEAUTY CONTEST REMINISCENCES Seems as though being picked a beauty was too much for Ginny Hulse . . . she had her appendix yanked Sunday night quite unexpectedly.
She’s doing nicely in the Home Hospital, and we’ll bet Chuck Ehinger hopes she continues to improve if for no other reason than he’d hate to have another headache like his Saturday night beauty contest.
That gives Lou Putze roughly two weeks to cultivate a pleasant bedside manner. ^
And speaking of Putze . . . it’s funny how that almost feminine first name of his keeps popping up . . . last week at the Union convention his moniker appeared on the program as “Louise Putze” . . , oh, quite by mistake. We heard some of the delegates talking about entering “Louise” in Ehinger’s beauty contest.
We can’t understand why Ash and Langworthy were so indirect in describing the “beauties” as bovine.
They oughta call Hank Bremer “riot voice” for his yodeling came perilously near turning the contest into a riot.
Some of the boys got a big kick out of hissing a certain blonde singer who was also a beauty contestant when she appeared on the program between parades and oogleeyed the judges.
Incidentally, have you heard that Dave Thompson, master of ceremonies at the beauty contest, has received an invitation to appear on the Mid-west Pontiac Varsity Show which will bei broadcast from Chicago Christmas eve. He’s one of the few chosen in this section of the country. All right, we say.
For the next few days this column will be devoted to printing an “ideal” freshman handbook. Tomorow will start with an ‘activities’ correlation chart similar to the one just put out by the Union and the Exponent. . . but this one will really tell how to get ahead in activities.
If you have any doit or good ideas don’t fail to forward them this way ... there’s a juicy Mars double-pass awaitin’.
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., Dec. 8, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES Thurs., Dec. 9, 6:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY FRED SCOT in "Melody of the Plains” ~8ni—
STARRING FRANCES DRAKE —plus— OUR GANG COMEDY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
"He hopes to finish that law course before he’s called to testify in his own defense.”
Co-ed Smokers On Trial President Elliott has granted the women students the privilege of smoking in specific University lavatories and restrooms for the remainder of this semester. This special action was taken because co-ed campus leaders believe girls should not be seen smoking on the campus, yet needed places in which to smoke. The only lavatories and rest rooms in which girls are allowed to smoke are found in the Library, the Physics Building, University Hall, and the Education Building.
NOW SHOWING ENTIRE WEEK
NEW SONGS ( NEW lITEPSlNEWLAUeHSI
LUNA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Selznick InterneUw^, B 0 N A L D
fPITB MADELEINE CARROLL llMTASTM*DAVI01imN lUMMMO UASKT • c. Aomr ami dNP ' D(NmSFAIRRANES,.b.
This special concession holds good only for the remainder of this semester; in other words, this is a probation period for the girls who enjoy smoking. If the girls act in accordance with the rules, they may be granted the same privilege next semester. Certainly smoking in the rest rooms of the Chemistry, Recitation, Home Economics, Pharmacy, and Biology Buildings, or any other buildings where girls attend classes will defeat the concession, and the old regulation against smoking in any restroom or lavatory will be stringently enforced. Also, the former rule will take effect again if furniture or rugs are damaged.
The John Marshall
LAW
SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD • For Catolog, recommended list of pre-legol subjects, and booklet, Studyof Lowond Proper Preparation” addressi Edward T. Lee, Dean.
COURSES
(40 weeks per year) Afternoon—35s years 5 days...4:30-6:30 Evening — 4 years Mon., Wed., Fri.,
6:30-9:20
Post-graduafe 1 year, .twicp a week Practice courses exclusively. All courses lead
to degrees.
Two years' college wofk required for
entrance.
New classes form in Feb. and Sept.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, III.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
lAlW ^ lELL/yiT - COMING SATURDAY :: :: ON OUR STAGE -J DUKE ELLINGTON “ AND HIS ORCHESTRA "
i
) i11
.1 I
-.K,
TutiKdcty. 1 »C€imber 7# 1937
THE i>tJid}tJE
ATO's Win Touch ball Semifinals
Beat Phi Tau's, 6-0, In Close Contest; Will Meet Theta Chi's In Finals This Saturday
Phi Kappa Tau, contender in the interfraternity touchball semi-finals for the last two years, again reached the semi-fin-als yesterday, but were defeated by a 6-0 score. The victors. Alpha Tau Omega, played them to a scoreless tie, but won in the playoff, and thWefore will play in the finals. According to the rules, a tie is played off in the sanie game by letting each
team have tfie ball for four downs. The finals, which will find the
Theta Chi’s matched again Alpha Tau Omega, were originally scheduled for today. However, the game has been postpohed until Saturday. This was done because a game that is placed after four o’clock usually ends in the dark with each team pushing their own teammates around. An afternoon contest will eliminate this. The winners of Saturday’s contest will receive a trophy. This award is now on display in the Chocolate Shop.
Mary Szur, HE ’35, is studying in New York at the School for Fashion Careers maintained by Julia Coburn and Tobe.
House Of Davis Becomes Victorious Sixth Time
Women’s Athletics
Volleyball
House of Davis netment scored their fifth consecutive basketball win of the season last night by trouncing Ward 2, 25 to 14, in the Fieldhouse. Bill Devaney carried off high point hojiors for the evening with six field goals and two free throws, while Coach Egnatz of the Davismen and Ward 2’s Panger followed up with six markers. This game marked the third consecutive victory of the House of Davis in the present intramural tourney. The Davismen captured the ward softball championship title earlier this fall.
Everybody is Doing the
BIG APPLE
You will be a big prune if you don’t buy a watch from
Dick Bath
605 Main Street
Please your guests by making reservations for them in the
Union Club
Every room
Attractively
Furnished with immaculately clean beds and convenient,-restr ful furniture. Every room has a Private Bath and Telephone.
Excellent, dignified Service
JhsL fiwtdusL TybunifuaL
lAmm.
Comer of the Campue^Yei the Center of Actipities
Six of 16 teams entered began the WAA volley-ball tournament yesterday. The scores were: Chi Oinega 35, Pedallion, 16; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 9, North WRH, 49; Ward 3, 30, Alpha Xi Delta, 38. Six sororities, four wards, three residence halls, Pedalion, Ann Tweedale, and Collegeiana teams are contestants in the tourney.
Intramurals
Basket-ball —Today— COURT 1—Poster, referee.
7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Chi. 7:15—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Nu. 8:25—Ward 5 vs. Ward 14. 8:40—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Beta Theta Pi.
COURT 2—Smithson, referee.
7:00-
-Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 7:15—SAE vs. Triangle. 8:25—DU vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:40—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma
Pi.
COURT 3—Aronson, referee. 7:00—Delta Chi vs. SAM.
7:15—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. TKE,
8:25—Theta Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8:40—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Theta Xi.
L.AM0£/ZT.
Isbell Accepts East-West Bid
When the annual East-West allstar football game is played this New Year’s Day at San Francisco, Purdue students will have an added interest in the game because Cecil Isbell has accepted a bid to play with the East team. Members of the teams that compete are selected by several coaches from different parts of the country. Dick Hanley, who issued the invitation to Isbell, selects 11 men for the team from the mid-western schools. A team is picked from the Eastern schools by Andy Kerr. The Eastern team will be coached by Kerr and Bernie Bierman, Minnesota mentor.
Several Purdue men have played in these East-West games. A few cf the stars of other years were Jim Purvis, Red Sleight, Duane Purvis, Ookie Miller, Paul Moss, Dutch Loebs, and John Drake.
* all bearing tKe precious name of LUCIEN I.EIX>MG
Gifts of distinction need not be costly—as these suggestions
prove. All are by Lucien Lelong
i—afi
—all are sure of welcomeare in a wide range of prices so that even a modest gift can be
distinctive.
Penthouse Cologne. Three favorite fragrances of Lucien Lelong’s Colognes make a stunning ^t. In an exciting Penthouse package. fS
Indiscrbt Cologne. (Right) A rtHuantic fragrance with the zest and sparkle of cologne. In a flacon like carved alabaster. $3.75
Opening Night Cologne. (Left) Makes her feel like the star of the performance. $2
■Diavel Pac. (Above) Flatsided flacon in a colorful trunk package. Leakproof top. For travelers or stay-at-homes. $1
Whisper Perfumed Cologne. (Right) Spirited, refreshing fragrance in "the most famous bottle in the world”.
$1 $1.50
Duvetyn Face Powder, in a f rand PresentatiCn Padtage. ix separate shades of powder and a supply of puffs. For guest room, bndge parties, or just for fun. $1
518-20 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
“GIFTS OF DISTINCTION*
Lambed Voices Opinion On New Basketball Rule
By J. A. Hebbeler
Commenting on tfie new rule eliminating the center jump. Coach Lambert expects a much faster game with higher scores. , According to the basketball mentor, the new rule may take some of the excitement out of the game for the fans in that there will no longer be the anticipation of the control of the ball after each score. With the new rules, the ball will automatically go to the team opposite the one scoring.
Last Minute Rallies Through Those breathtaking last minute rallies when the home team is 10 points behind with but a minute to play are definitely out. A smart team getting the ball with but a short time to play will be sure to freeze it. In the past it was no impossible task to overcome an eight or nine point lead in less than a minute to play, but that is no more. However, the game will be much closer throughout, with the early leads eliminated that were formerly piled up. by a team having complete control over the center jump. The scores will more than likely be higher, as there will be actually about six minutes more playing time, with the elimination of the tramp back to the center circle from the basket. Fast Practice Games The pracjtice games thus far have
been very fast, and although the big men will still be valuable they will have to be fast to get back on the defense by the time the opposition gets the ball down in scoring territory. The tall man will be valuable on the recovery of rebounds and on the held ball jumps, so he will not be the forgotten man of basketball.
The elimination of the center jump has taken quite a lot of scientific formations away from the center circle. In past years the offensive and defensive formations around the circle were the difference between the control and loss of the ball, but there is no need of these now.
Resembles Hockey According to “Piggy” the game is getting to be more like hockey than basketball. He believes that the present legislation is too much against one tall man on a team and that if the legislation is to be against tall men it should be placed against all instead of one. If the center jump is to be eliminated the held ball jumps should be mded out also, as here again the tall man has the advantage. Despite the somewhat dreary outlook painted thus far, Lambert is by no means downhearted because of the rule change, as it will favor the fast break type of basketball.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
«the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores —
SbUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue ' Student
“DEAC” Everything for • Collie Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic SE.PAULA.niBK BK.HABOLSJF.B18K DK.ROBSBTG.nnK BR.LUTHntA.KnK 4th & Bf^iin Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Locksmith ——
“C” CARTER
for
Ktr* — Lodu — Gonor^ Ropolrlaa
Knife and Scissor Grinding
New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evening! Ph. 2291 Sute-BIain, W. I.
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tko VARSITY BOOT SHOP
‘Printing'
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~’0<neo SUiloaety^ Wedding Invitailons
PHONE - Seles Books. Eh:... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408 FERRY
—Taxi Service-—'
The Thinldnc Ftilow dlls A YELLOW y-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black dra far Special OccaUona ISe per pacsengor anjr part at ciii 5023—^Phonc»--3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. •22 MAIN
— Florist ——
Domer’s Flower Shop QuatUty Floit«n Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exelasivo acsortascsit af carcacoc availaUo to Psudaa Btatota. 527 Main Phone 54S2
— Confectionery —
Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Creom and Candy
Glotz's Confectionery Moin and Sixth Sts.
— Dine —
Rjudip.
DINE DANCI AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Read
— Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
Thia is all we diK bat we do it welL
#allaee Block 322 Ferry SI OwMite Poet ORce
■rA
p; '
Persoimel Notes
By J. N. Davis The counseloi’s will meet again today. This meeting will be a group discussion to give everyone an opportunity to present problems they have experienced while counseling freshmen, and to ask questions concerning their solution. A sample interview between a counselor and a freshman will be staged before the group to illustrate typical problems met by counselors and how they can be solved. We hope that you have already seen all of your freshmen at least once by this time. If you have not, you are urged to do so, and bring any problems that arise in your interviews to this meeting. It will be held in the lecture room on'the second floor of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. today.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired, Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershofT, 605 Main street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $5.00 Void after December 9th. Hinea’s.
Senior Srience Student(Continued from page 1)
tors this year, he said, “The exhibit of human fetuses that was in a couple weeks ago. The models now on display attract a large number of people. In past years the duck bill and the Gila monsters ‘Mabel’ and ‘Chester,’ have been good box office attractions.” Named Long Ago Mabel was named years ago by science students. She came to the University in 1918. “She has been here longer than half the biology department,” said Dr. Enders. “She is in the graduate school now.” We thanked Mr. Kirkpatrick for his time and trouble, and left. He went back to his slide labeling.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Lost: Duplex slide rule, name MacDonald on it. Leave at Union desk.—Reward.
FOR RENT—Beautiful furnished large downstairs room, suitable for two. Inquire side door 103 Russell.
FOR SALE—Will sell cheap, two men’s suits. One blue serge, one tuxedo, size 42. Phone 41291.
RC)OM FOR RENT—Near campus. Modern conveniences. Single bed. 61572.
LOST — REWARD—Man’s yellow gold wrist watch. Left in the wash room downstairs in Union Building. Call 2671. Overtree.
LOST—Two ten dollar bills near desk in Union Building. Reward. Call 45642.
FOR SALE—One tuxedo $15 (original cost $45) One “pile” coat, good cold weather coat, $12 (original cost $80). Both articles in good condition. Size to fit man 6 feet tall, 150 lbs. Call Baker during day at 41641. Leave name and phone number.
STUDENT LAUNDRY—We satisfy, why not you? We deliver, call for prices—75162.
FOR RENT—Very desirable, light room, only short distance from campus. 310 N. Salsibury. Phone 6991.
LOST—Black ringed transparent Eversharp pen Friday night in the
A coonskin coat^ wive heard it saidy Wards off chill winds from heel to head; In which respect its chief vocatiorCs S. Much like No Draft Ventilation s. ^
JL oik
oiks take such things as No Draft Ventila- , tion as a matter of course now that all GM cars have this improvement. But when you add Knee-Action, the Unisteel Body, the Turret Top, improved Hydraulic Brakes and a steady parade of betterments—you see how a great organization moves ahead—using its resources for the benefit of the public — giving greater value as it wins greater sales.
General Motors MEAIVS CpOOD MeASITRE
CHEVROLET • PONTIAC • OLUSMOBILE • BUICK . LASALLE • rAnn.T.Aq
Union—Reward, ard, WRH.
Harriette Shep-
LOST—Pen part of black goldstriped lifetime Schaeffer pen. Re-ward-Gall Margaret Saurer 6031.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting’ December 7 at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —RANDALL.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made by December 16. Tor partfculara see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building. —YOUNG.
. WAA Deck Tennis: The following games must be played December 7 at 4 p. m. : Sefton and Davidson vs. Bouton and Towni send; Mather and Wiley vs. Delaplane and, Walker; Shroder and Swick vs. Feishaar and Hoover. —JENKINS.,
house. Important that all members be present. —SWINNEY,
Radio Club: Open meeting December 7 at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union. ’ " —LIPPMAN.
Christian Foundation Cabinet: Meeting December 8 at 7 p. m. in the Union. Inquire at desk for room number. —CRISS.
WSGA: Council of residence houses meet in YWCA office December 8 at 7 p. m. —DOUGLAS.
Kappa Delta Pi: Special, meeting in the reception room of the Unfon Building at
8 p. m. December 7.
—BYRD.
Scrivener: Important meeting December 7 at 8:00 at 126 W. Lutz. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Playshop: Important meeting in subMsement, for anyone interested in publicity, December 9 at 4 p. m. —MULLER.
Poultry Club: Meeting and dinner at the Poultry Building December 8 at 6:30 p. m. Get tickets or’ make reservations immediately. —JONES.
All Exponent Co-cd Staff: Meet in Union Exponent office at 4 p. m. December 7. —PYKE.
Fraternity Presidents: Interfratemity Presidents Council meeting postponed until December 9. —WHITING.
WAA Volleyball: Games played this ■week: December 8—4 :00, Theta vs. Streamliners small gym; 4:30, Pi Phi vs. Pepsters— small gym ; 5:00, Pedalion vs. Ann Tweedale—large gym; 5 :00, Ward 1 vs. Collegiana—small gym. December 9—4:00, Chi Omega vs. Ward -small gym :4 :00, Alpha Chi vs. Pepsters —large gym; 4 :30, Ward 3 vs. Streamliners —small gym: 4:30, Ward 1 vs.-WRH North large gym. —RODERICK.
Rooming House Presidents: Important meeting December 7 at 7 p. m. in PIA office in Union Building. If you have no president, please send a representative. —SCHLUNDT.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting December 8 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Dr. Wray will give a talk. —CONWAY.
Debris Sales Staff: Important meeting December 7 at 4 p. m. —SIEBENTHAL.
Pi Tau Sigma: The initiation banquet will be at Lincoln Lodge December 7 at 6:30 p. m. Meet in front of Mechanical Building at 6:15. —CONWAY.
WAA Riflery: Schedule for tournament
December 8:
At 6:30, Ward 1; at 6:40, Ward 2; at 6 :B0, Ward 3 ; at 7:00, Ward 4 ; at 7 :10,
„ , I Phi Mu : at 7 :20, Pedalion ; at 7:30, WRH Sophomore Cotillion Committee: Meeting I South; at 7:40, WRH North; at 7:60, at 7 p. m, December 7, at Pi Kappa Phi I Kappas ; at 8:00 Chi O ; at 8:10, Alpha-Chi;
at 8:20, Pi Phi; at 8:80, Theta; at'^8:40, Alpha Xi. Please be prompt. —CHRISTENSON.
WAA Ping Pong; These games must be played and the ^acores posted by noofi, December 9. ' In the Gym—Thompson va. M. Johnson; J. Canipbell vs. Shaffer; Plank vs. Chandler ; Davison vs. Raebig; Lockher vs. Cook; Whinery vs. Maler; Beaudry 'vs. Jenkins. At the Residence Hall—Shake vs. Ourand: Henry vs. Stephenson; Hugle vb. Schilling; Cocking vs. Schlitter. —BLANK.
WAA Shuffleboard: The following games will be played at 4 p. m. December 7: On court T—Ourand and Chandler vs. Newman and Brank; court 2—^Weishaar and Hoover vs. Stanley and Sutherland; court 3—Shaffer and Johnson vs. Merritt and Bailey; court 4—Cook and Jenkins vs. Dunworthy and Reverda ; court 6—Campbell and Yeager vs. Delaplane and Maier; court 6—Whinery and Christenson vs. Wiley and Schilling. —BLANK.
That's Only Half of It!
While it is true the most modern and scientific methods are employed in the Cleaning of Clothes by Crown, that's only half of it. ...... Garments cleaned by us are also moth proofed by the MONITE moth proof process which protects them from moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
FINE CL E A N E N S O F F I N E C L O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
BAD HAT A new story of adventure in Trinidad Only hunger, gnawing and insistent, could stir Bad Hat. A gun would bring money, and food. He hadn’t figured what happens when the gun you reach for hangs from the hip of a naval M. P. by WILLIAii C. WHITE
S COLLEGE
It was 2:37 a; m. when the airport called Luce Wendell. Ice was forming on the incoming transport, and they needed another plane to test the weather below them. All Luce had to do was to go up, find out how bad it was— and get back. A short story LELAHD JAiVilESON
Around the Clock with a RENO DivOUCEE What do they do to kill time in Reno? You’ll find the answer in Day of a Divorcee, illustrated with twelve natural-color photographs, taken especially for The Saturday Evening Post by Ivan Dmitri.
Witt an Indiana man be the NEXT PRESIDENT? Who’s the No. 1 threat for 1940? Why is Roosevelt keeping an eye on him? Here’s a lively account of White House prospects in a state where anything can happen politically. Iffies on the Wabash by PAUL R. LEACH
A New Novel by CLARENCE BUDINGTON KELLAND author of STAND-IN Meet the marriage-fleeing Mr, Bunbury Parsloe, who found a girl stowaway and $25,000 in his trailer. That’s the start of Fugitive Father, a new Kelland romance well seasoned with mystery ! Second part of six.
AND. . . more stories and articles, plus serials, editorials, fun and cartoons. All in the Post on your newsstand today.
Tf TF* With a ten-biUion-dollar plant and one and a half million employees, education is our biggest industry. But what does it produce? A developed mind? Greater happiness? The ability to make money in anything ' from beauty culture to bond selling? A famed liberal educator shows you what’s ^ wrong with our system, and what can be done about it. First of four articles. ) - , ■ / , We Are Getting No Brignter by DR. ROBERT M. HUTCHINS President of the University of Chicago
ims UIEEK III