« /
I
J 'li
‘t ' « r' -■ V -I* » . -1
z-in
F6U11M In 18t9
Volume 52, No. 140
West Lcrfoyette, In^cma
Co-ed Organizations' PIA To Vote Tomorrow
Candidates For AWS, WAA, YWCA Offices Quests At VYRH Dinner Candidates for the officers of coed organuations on the campus 'were guests of the residents of "WHE at a dinner Sunday, The dinner was held in order that the women living in the halls could become acquainted with the candidates for the elections which will be held in the Union from 8:30 to 5 tomorrow. !Pollowing the dinner Jeanne Chandler, governor of WRH club, introduced the candidates. The candidates introduced were from YWCA, Bonnie Swope and Ruth Newton, president; Chan Ball and Vivian Peterson, secretary; Betty Woelifle and Jean Weil, treasurer. Candidates from AWS are president, Mary Ellen Scarif and Agnes McCulioch; secretary, Florence Croll and “Harriet Simons; treasurer, Beck^ Anne Pervine and Jaile Van Goprkam. WAA candidates include president, Mary, Pidgeon and Eleanor Harrison; vice-president, Gail Henms and Barbara Ford; secretary, Monica Buergler and Ruth Walker; treasurer, Jane Blank and Opal Blagiave. r.h.r. Fifly Enroll In Special PE 'Fitness' Course; Deadiine Thursday After one day of registration, fifty students have enrolled in the new course entitled "Physical Prepared4ies3,” PE 12. Other interested students may enroll in the course before 4 o’clock Thursday afternoon in room 110 of the Fieldhouse. Arrangements have been made _with the University for students expecting to be called in the draft before September or ROTC students expecting to receive their commissions before September to drop a three hour course and substitute the two hour preparedness course, subject to the approval of the head of the school or division concerned. Tentative class schedules are: division A, Monday and Wednesday trom 4 to 6 o'clock; division B, Monday and Wednesday, 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.; division C, Tuesday and Thursday, 4 to 6 p. m.; and division U, Tuesday and Thursday evenings irom 7:80 to 9:30. e.g.k.
Independents Vote On Representatives Tomorrow In Union Tomorrow all independent students will cast their ballots in an election to determine the neyr ward chairmen. The balloting, under the new PIA constitution, will be between 7:30 and 6:30 in the foyer opposite the telephone booths off the Great Hall of the Union. Every independent student is eligible to vote for the Ward Chairman in his own particular ward. To help students determine what ward they are in, a large map of the campus has been placed in the Un-^ ion lobby showing the ward boundaries. The candidates from the various wards are: Hereward, Carl Smith, E. L. “Tip” Johnson, Anna L. Jensen; Inward, Maxine Abashier, Milt Reisman; Forward, Norman A. Osborne; Dale W. Martin; Upward, William F. Gunkel, Junior L. Compton; Southward, Lewis Captain, Felix J. Losson, Luther Cree; Eastward, Frank C. Robinson; Northward, William J. Burns, Frank J. Suto, Westward, Larry Myers, Russel Bain. The rules for the election aie: 1. All independent students are eligible to vote regardless of membership in PIA. 2. Ballots may be cast only for candidates from the voting student’s ward. 3. Passports must be shown when voting. No other form of identification will be acceptable. 4 There will be no campaigning in the vicinity of the polls or the PIA office, j.r.l WRH Honors Distinguished Co-eds, Facuiiy Tomorrow Tomorrow night the three Residence Halls will honor all distinguished co-eds and faculty guests at a dinner at 6 o’clock. The girls of the halls will act as hostesses. The tables will be appropriately decorated in a theme of spring, and there will be placecards and favors for the distinguished students and facculty members. After the dinner, dVeryone will adjourn to the Wood Hall living loom where Miss Schleman will make the presentation of books to the distinguished students, a.r.w. Purdue Research *
✓ *
J. Eve Curie, Author, Scientist, Speaks At Tonight's Convo
Tuesdciy« Mcnrch 18,1941
—iFrom All Fronts. Today's Summary Of War News to Obieaso Daily' Kew« Foreicn Service. OayyriKbt. mo. Chicago Dagy Mewc, IiM • Bremen Afire At Port "Fire of thus far undetermined origin broke out aboard the Lloyd steamer Bremen,” the German official nev^ agency announces. Commenting on the fire, the British Broadcasting Corporation recalls the recent heavy bombing of the Port of Bremen, where the ship is believed at anchor. o Aid Talk Cheers Yugoslavs “The landing of British troops in Greece and what is called ‘the implied declaration of war on the Axis' contained in President Roosevelt’s latest speech have probably kept Yugoslavia from collapsing into the Axis lap,” writes Edgar An-
sel Mowrer.
o British Capture Berbera Imperial troops have re-entered British Somaliland, capturing Berbera, after seven months of Italian occupation, it was announced in Cairo. Warships and airplanes participated in the thrust. o FDR Speech Rouses Vichy “Vichy was roused today from apparent lethargy toward America’s help to the democracies’ efforts by President Roosevelt’s historical Saturday night speech,” radios Paul
Ghali. _
# New Zealand Greets Navy Thousands of New Zealanders lined the waterfront at Auckland today to greet two American cruisers and thiee destroyers, which put into port in the course of a training cruise. o Nazis Torpedo Two Ships Two British battleships have been torpedoed by Nazi planes off Crete, despite heavy anti-aircraft fire, according to unofficial but “informed” sources in Berlin. The high command said two aimed merchantmen had been sunk, but mentioned
no warships.
o Nazis Decry U. S. American intervention in the European conflict may be met with “most vigorous measures,” the German press asserts, commenting' on the President’s speech. It is charged Mr. Roosevelt is trying to create a world order of his own. Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Arthur Brownstein, New York, N. Y., and Yale P. Schaevitz, Youngstown, O.
Malaria Specific Drug Intermediate Found
Editor’s Note: This is the second article in a series of feature stories covering the work of the University chemical research staff 'to api>ear in the Baponetat. With defense industry production running at top speed, with the present prop9sed navy expansion and with thousands of draftees in army training camps all over the country. It is difficult for us to picture that a foreign aggressor ever could defeat the United States in armed combat. Pew people realize that a potential enemy, Japan, could wage effective war against the United States without even landing so much as one man on American soil. If the Western Hemisphere were attacked by Germany or Italy, the principal assault doubtlessly would be at the Northeastern coast of South America through Brazil. The United States in ^defense of the Monroe Doctrine and in carrying out its treaty obligations with the South American republics would have to send an expeditionary force into Brazil to engage the invaders. The particular pdrt of South America which we would be forced to defend is covered with dense, equatorial jungles and mosquitoinfested swamps. Every year ma-
Br DON BBOPHY laria runs ranipant up and down the Brazilian, coast. The most effective antidote for malaria is quinine and without a plentiful supply and an easily accessible source of this drug any military force engaging in a campaign in these jungles and swamps would soon be annihilated by the ravages of the disease. What has all this to do "with an American conflict with Japan ? Well, quinine is produced commercially from the bark of the chincona tree and ninety-eight per cent of the world’s supply of chincona bark IS produced in the Dutch East Indies. In the eventuiflity that we declared war on Germany, Japan as an axis ally would seize the East Indies and attempt to shut off our supply of quinine. Thus, without a supply of this valuable specific the American foices would have to face a murderous epidemic of malaria in South America. Last year Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, gave an address in Charlottesville, Va. During the meeting he Was cornered by Dr. Alfred Burger, professor of chemistry at the University of Vir-
ginia, who had been working on the synthesis of a drug intermediate to take the place of quinine in the fight against malaria. At present there are two synthetic drugs, atebrine and plasmodm, used to combat malaria. Neither of these drugs has replaced quinine to any large extent. Chemists knew that a drug intermediate existed from which thousands of drugs of possible anti-ma-larial activity could be produced. This was the intermediate for which Burger was looking, but he had progressed so far in his experimentation and was unable to go any farther. So, he exhorted Dr. Hass to start experimental work on this project when he returned to the University. This Hass finally agreed to do. This project was new to the University’s research staff, but after careful considei’ation, work has started under the title of “Research Fellowship No. 1,” succeeding the work of chlorination completed under this fellowship. Within two months the project 'was completed and the drug intermediate 4-chlor-oamyldiethylamine, had been pro(Continued on page 4)
British Troops, U S Help May Prevent Yugoslav Collapse
Roouevelf't Warning ' Keeps Serbs From Axis By Edgar Ansel Mowrer
Special Dispatch from Staff Conespondeat. Copyright. 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Washington, March 17. — The landing of British troops in Greece and what is called the “implied declaration of war on the Axis” contained in President Roosevelt’s latest speech have probably kept Yugoslavia from collapsing into the Axis lap, according to very reliable reports reaching the capital late
last night.
The ultimate attitude of Yugoslavia, and Turkey as well, was bound to depend upon British desire and ability to put an army into the Balkans. Once British military cooperation with the Greeks somewhere—though not necessarily at Salonika—seemed certain, a collapse of Turkey became very un-
likely.
But Yugoslavia needed, something more. That country can put into the field at least 1,000,000 soldiers, half of them among the finest in the world. Two years ago young Serbs were complaining that their generation “hadn’t yet had its war.” With the' Yugoslav sympathies overwhelmingly on the side of Great Britain, such a people could join the Axis camp only if abandoned or be-
trayed.
Rulers Played for Time Some Yugoslavs are susceptible to financial influence. But with the legent. Prince Paul, so outspokenly pro-Biitish, only a completely hopeless military outlook could cause the country to faint into the aims of the Geimans. Therefore the rulers played for time. The arrival of the Biitish armed forces showed that they had not stalled in vain. But the presence of a goodly body of Britons in Greece was not enough. Yugoslavia is geographically exposed to attack on two and one half of its four fronts, and Yugoslavia is badly equipped to Wage a very modem war. Even though protected against blitz tactics by the mountainous and undeveloped nature of its terrain, the generals have felt that, at the least, native courage should be supported (Continued on page 4) Union Bridge Tourney Will Start Next Month Round one, qualifying bridge fans for participation in the annual championship contract bridge tournament sponsored by the Union, will be waged Saturday afternoon, April 6, in the North ballroom of the Union. This will be followed in succeeding weeks by a second qualifier, two semi-finals and a grand playoff for the campus championship, the exact dates to be announced later. The tourney is free and open to all students, who must enter in teams of four. Organizations may enter any number of teams. Application blanks, obtainable at the We^ desk of the Union, must be turned in there not later than Friday, March 21. Only the first seven--ty teams making application can be accomodated. This tournament is unique in that skill is the only factor which decides the winner. Records will be kept of all hands so that every team will hold the same cards that were held by previous players, thus entirely eliminating "card luck” as a deciding element. Freak hands are outlawed. Every effort has been made to put each contestant on exactly equal footing with his bpponents. No eliminations will be held. Veteran director Julius L. Bom will conduct this seventh annual contest ,which is unde^ the jurisdiction of Joe Starek and Kathepne Murphy of the Student Union. r.r.r.
'Women In ScieiKe' Is Title Qf Lecture In Hall Of Music “Women In Science” will be the topic of Mile. Eve Cuxie* daughter and biographer of Pierre and Madame Curie» co-dia> coverers of radium, in her lecture at this evening's convo. Admission is by passport for students; facultjr and towhsiiecqide will present season tickets or purchase them at the door for fifty cents. The Hall will open at 7 p. m. Since the surrender of the Petain Government, Mile. Cuxie has been living in London. She is an editor of “France,” a French paper published by the free de Gaulle Government in London. Before France’s collapse, Mile. Curie served as head of the Women’s Volunteer Ser-
vice in that country. Of the future she says, “England must win; a world dominated by Nazism is unthinkable lliis is against a recent edict by Marshall Petain that “French citizens living abroad and making derogatory remarks about the Vichy Government may be de|)rived ’ of their citizenship. Well-known in her own right as an author and speaker. Mile GuHe will talk of the struggles of her parents in the days when all the research they devoted to isolating the elusive radium seemed doomed to end in failure. She will tell how her parents gave their discovery to the world, at the same time throwing away a life of riches, all because they regarded the spirit of true science as more important than their
own comfort.
The decision was piecipitated when they received a request for information about the piocess fiom an American firm of engineers in Rochestei. New York The very night that the decision was made Pierre Curie wrote the American engineers and gave them a full account of the process. Twenty years later Marie Curie was able to write that her original method of extracting radium from tons of pitch blende was still in use, almost unchanged, r.r.r.
Mile. Eve Curie
Draft Questionnaire Will Secure Dates For Gold Pepper Ball By Pat Stenberg If you have escaped the draft thus far, joes, your woiries aren’t ovei ybt. A guaranteed embarrass-proof qdestionnaire will soon flood the campus diaftmg men for the Gold Peppei’s dance, Friday, Maich 21, This questionnaiie or “Draft Your Man” hand-bill requires that all men between the ages of sixteen and twenty-one fill in all blanks. Girls will be able to discover from this questionnaire if her date has pink tooth brush and if he is allergic to blondes, brunettes, or red-heads. It will also reveal if he has any dependents besides his room-mate. Different types of girls (party, social, athletic, or activity girls) will be listed and the men can check their iflegl. Many other probihg questions are to be put before the dvaftees. At the end of the questionnaire is a pledge to report for active duty this Friday night. Girls may obtain these all-revealing questionnaires in the Union. Tickets for the dance may be bought at the west desk in the Union, all residence halls, and every sorority. ' 75 Attend Forester's Banquet Last Evening Over 75 students and faculty members attended the twelfth annual spring banquet of the Forestry Club held in the West Faculty Lounge last night. The principal speaker of the evening, Prof. P. A. Herbert, of Michigan State College, said that the trouble with the foresters of today is that they are becoming too interested in mere wood growing and chopping rather than in the more general field of forestry. He went on to say that if the foresters were not trained more broadly in the future they would no longer be professional men but merely educated woodchoppers.
Twa New Members Named To Ag Staff, Experiment Station Fredine, Kirkpatrick New Department Aides Appointment of two new staff members to the’University Agricultural Experiment Station and School of Agriculture has been announced by Dean Harry J. Reed, dean of the school and director of the Agricultural Experiment Station. Gordon Fredine, graduate of Hamline University, St. Paul, Minn., will on April 1, become Associate in forestry and conservation with the academic rank of Assistant Professor. Charles M. Kirkpatrick, Sci ’33, on February 6, was appointed instructor in farm management and assistant in the Agricultural Experiment Station. Fredine, who is^ fronr-SflTPaut Minn., attended the Graduate School of the University of Minnesota folloudng his graduation fr<Hn Samline university in 1932- la.l9S5:and 1936 he was assistant biologist tot the Minnesota Emergency Conservation Works. From 1936 to 1941, he was biologist for the Pish, and Game Division of the Minnesota Department of Conservation as well as game and fish consultant for the same bureau. Kirkpatrick, following his graduation from Purdue, studied for a Master’s degree at the Univewity of Wisconsin, which he reemved in 1940. At his graduation, he was awarded the Kiwanis medal fw outstanding four-year sckdiais^p. Be has been a member of the Dodiann Department ^of Conservation; Bureau of Entom<flogy, U. S, D. A. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of WarW Sapkaon^ River Eerest, lUinois; OlarltRosa, Evanston, DL; Alison Port Wayne; Ralph Luebben, Milmukae, Wisconsin; Donald Benrikson^ Chicago: and Boyd Epist, Marion.mm
Paqal—^dSiA
Tuesday. March 18.1941
fijuAduiL £xponanL
M fir
Jumhff JjcdL
AReminder • With Greek Week already over it’s jumping the gun a little to mention that this week is Clean-Up Week but then in some respects there is a connection. Each year the Chamber of Commerce of Greater Lafayette sponsors a program to improve the beauty of the community. Inasmuch as- the student body represents a large part of the community it might be wise to assist in the program and begin at home ... on the campus. In addition to the cleaning and painting which goes on in the fraternities and rooming houses there is a very definite place to start on University grounds. We’re speaking now of the habit of dropping cigarette butts promiscuously outside University buildings and the vandalistic littering of the Union passageways. The Union provides receptacles for refuse along the halls and stairways but from appearances these are not used, particularly those on the landings. Like every other good thing, clean-ups begin at home. Here's Something Pleasant So much prominence is devoted to intercollegiate athletics that persons sometimes forget less publicized but zealous study. When three students majoring in engineering can make perfect scholastic indexes under the high standards demanded by Purdue University, they are entitled to acclaim of their classmates, the Purdue “series” and almost a clang on the sacrosanct Victory bell. William J. Boms of Decatur, Ned A. Ochiltree of Oak Park, HI., and Albert D. M. Lewis of Paoli were the brilliant young engineers-to-be. A total of 462 students, including 102 freshmen, 103 sophomores, 125 juniors and 129 seniors and three special students had an average of A in their work “Bully fpr old Purdue!” —Reprinted from Indianapolis Star.
OHicers of Christian Foundation Installed New officers of the Christian Foundation were elected Sunday evening. Other members of the cabinet will be appointed within the next several weeks. Those officers will be installed on April 27. UAMS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
The new officers are Paul Carrington, president; Phyllis Thomas, vice-president; Alice Robbins, secretary; and Byron Rigg, treasurer. Charles Compton, president of student class and Howard Hamilton, vice-president. Jean Steigerwald, president of the forum, and Bob Riggs and George King, vice-presidents, a.e.w.
Proud... rebellious., gallant... reckless!
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS BORIS KARLOFF Will Turn Your Blood To Ice In THE APE — HUS — Ptmifaiw of CHinafown WITH KEYI LUKE
NO SISSIES ALLOWED!
-HYtlTED imMutims ir ^ liiWiiiniiriCiEiitiiirfis
ADDITIONAL COPIES 5c EACH Lettering styles so smart you'll scarcely know which to choose Smooth heavy weight stock correct in every detail
HAYWOOD’S RETAIL DEPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
-2 SWELL HITS —
A: FABUiOUS F!;(3UR E WHO SAVED A NEW WORLD — FOR THE RULER WHO HAD ORDERED HIM HANGED! PAUL MUNI HUDSOMlS BAY GENE TIERNEY Laird Gregar . Joliii Sutton * Virginia Field Vincent Pricu-Nigel Bruce
Marjorie WEAVER JOAN VALERIE • WALTER ABEL EUZABETH PATTERSON • DONALD
—T%e Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
The more we see of women, the less we understand them. That goes for some fellows, too, but sometimes they can be excused for some of their deeds because of ignorance. What we're referring to is this Bob Hensel, Adele Cole pinning. The thing that makes it unusual, is the fact that Adele is also supposed to be engaged at home. Maybe we shouldn’t have said, “also.” Maybe this pinning is for educational purposes like the last recent prominent pinning was. These “educational” pins are quite the nuts, they tell us. What we want to know is what they’re trying to educate themselves to. Is it a college education they’re after or otherwise? Got quite a few other pins to tell you about if you’re interested. Beta pledge, Getchel Williams, put some sort of a pin on Pi Phi, Pat Moffat. Why is he passing the story around that he’s from off-campus? Bill Kennedy pinned Gloria McQuiston, too. We also heard that Bertie Cole has just taken a Sig Pi pin. Same goes for her as for her sister. She’s also supposed to be engaged at home. Oh well. Estelle Young and Gene Hershalman have decided that a pin isn’t enough, so it’s a ring instead. Congratulations. ' And last, but not least, Francis Jones and Bruce Boden are sharing a Lambda Chi pin and a black Packard. Some people have all the luck. Notice: To the Delts, the Kappas, and —• (Well, we better stop there)—Chuck Sporer is back in town, so be on your toes. Chuck won’t be with us for long, though. He’s in the Navy now. Happy now, B. A. Van Bergen? The TAP triad was last Saturday night, and a fine dance it was. Pi Kappa Phi Jim Cleveland decided to be extra careful that night, so he locked his pin up in the house safe. Didn’t blame him when we got a look at his import. Some Babe. Come on, Snooper, get on the ball.
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Ben Johnson, Louisville, Ky.; Dick Allemang, South Bend; Bob Allemang, South Bend; Bob King, Far Rockaway, N. Y.; Bob Hensel, Fort Wayne; Bob Hutchison, Cambridge City; and Arden Kuhn, South Bend.
ummu TODAY - WEDNESDAY
I'liiir Sons
Susan HAYWARD Richard .DENNING Robert SHAW 'ch'"''' 0 ririill.’’
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
, ANEW IIVERSAl pii
V ANEW \ I _
WNIVIRSAl /
WITH RICHARD ARLEN ANDY EIEVINE — AND —
A riCHTING WHIRIWIND! TEXRITTER THt GOLDIN
ALSO-
'GREEN ARCHER” Serial
The ^ih
Out in Pennsylvania someone took the railroad spikes out of the ties yesterday. As a result one of the fast passenger trains had a tough time staying on the tracks. And it ended up in the Ohio River. Some people . . . Are hinting at sabotage. % IF ^ But not us. We know darn well it is. >)■ • * Adolf made a nasty little speech the other day Threatened us with all sorts of things and what not. And then yesterday a cold wave sweeps in from the north. And we almost freeze to death on our way to class. All of which goes to show just exactly what the weatherman thinks . . . About Adolf’s threats to make things hot for us. >i< « >i< And about Adolf’s little speech. He talked for thirteen minutes. And didn’t say much except that no human on earth could save Britain. And toward the end of his speech he was going to free the enslaved British. First he says nothing can save the British . . . Then he says he can save them. « III iii Thanks, God. * * * We’ve been worrying about the Japanese lately. And decided they’re mentally unbalanced. Because they’re great camera fiends. But they never take any interest-
The Purdue Exponent
Entere4 aa aeeond el«w mattor at the post office In Lafayette, Indians, under the act of Congress of Mandi 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act October 8, 1917, authorised January 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and areekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subserii^tion $8.60. Editor-in-Chief.— JB, W. Denahne Business Manager. JMcHe Hagemiycr Publication Staff News Bditor. h. McKee Managing Editor j). K. Hei^ Ano^te i^tors.* N. A. OohiUree, J. A. Purcell, L, W. RuffnCir, R. M. Skallemp, J.u Trai^giokt. Busirtew Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglem^er: Accounts Manager, B. J, Shadford; Circulation Managed, R. M. Reoktenwald. Co-ad Staff Editor .... „ — . —Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose. Donna Sless. Sporta Staff Editor... J. p, Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phono: Editorial 4005; Burineu 5038; Sporta 2792 ^ Represented for national advertisink by Natipnsl Advertising Service, Inc., College PubHehers Representetives, 420 MadisCn Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For Tbit Imuo Night Editor: Trangott Day Bditori Bose Issue Editor: Allanson Night Sporte Editor: Swaim Staff: E. G. Kieper, J. D. Smith, R. R. Runnion, Y. MBarson, A Chatfleld, A. E. Worslcy, W. E. Kadfert.
ing pictures. Like women. But always uU subjects. Like . . . The Panama Canal. — ola
Hackeft Speaks To 900 At Fraternity Banquet
Stressing the importance of the Greek Letter World on the college campus in both social and future business relationships, Norman Hackett, nationally prominent fraternity organizer, addressed over 900 representatives of campus fraternities Sunday night at the Third Annual Interfraternity Banquet. Don Douglass, president of the Interfraternity Council, acted as toastmaster, introducing Dr. E, C, Elliott, Dean M. L. Fisher, songleader A1 Stewart, and distinguished guests. The crowd, which filled both Union ballrooms, heard songs by various oiganizations before the regular program. “Prexy” Elliott and Dean Fisher both congiatulated the group on its progress towards I’evising the old-time Hell Week, before Hackett, national secretary of Theta Delta Chi, social fraternity, delivered his opinion of the importance and values of fiaternal organizations. A talk by President Elliott Wednesday, an address for pledges de-
WBAA
TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton—pianist 11:30—Listen While Yott Work 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz—^pianist 12:16—Town Crier 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Cue For A Song—Frank Reddy 1:30—Dorothy Washam—Singer 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:16—Camera Club 2:30—Parent Forum 2:46—Treasure Chest 3:00—A Chapter AWeek 3:16—^Magic Carpet 3:30—Organ Moods—Prank Reddy 4:00—Memory Lane 4:15—Virginia Ulrey—soprano 4:30—Intramural Roundup 4:45—Story Book Hour
livered Thursday by R. B. Stewart, University controller and national president of Alpha Chi Rho, and the Banquet Sunday made up the activities of “Fraternity Education Week.” w.e.r.
(Vsek. SpscuxL
a full I®® box of individually blended face powder included with your purchase of other Ritz preparations
Ium QJUi.
ysj
SPECIAl SAION CONSUlTANI
Will be here lo color-blend face powder to match your skin Replenish your beauty needs Obtain your powder without charge! One box to o customer.
3[osbk
Cosmetic Shop, Street Floor
J May be purchi
HiCUEBCCKg^MfBrqillE
JS»T*uSB!RTtP«8
Union ... tea dance will be held this afternoon from 4 to 6:80 o’clock in the North ballroom. The music will be provided by recordings. All students are invited to attend. MADAME CURIE A Biography By Eve Curie Translated by VincenJk Sheean Published by Garden Ctiy Publishing Co.
This is the biography of Madame Marie Curie, discoverer of radium, twice winner of the Nobel PHze, the greatest of all women scientists, whose work changed the course of the world’s thinking as that of another great woman, Joan of Arc, changed its history. It -is written by her youngest daughter, from long research among records published and unpublished, and from personal remembrance. It is the first fulllength biography of Madame Curie, and it is likely never to be displaced as the definitive one. The story that it tells is^ almost too strange to be true. It is that of a little Polish girl, dau^ter of an impoverished and patriotic professor in a Poland still ip the iron clutch of Russia; forced to earn a living as a governess in country houses on the Polish steppes while her elder sister studied in Paris on the combined meagre funds of the family, able finally to reach Paris herself when the sister married, starving in stone garrets, often on the verge of collapse, beautiful, poor and burning with an unappeasable ambition. At last she met Pierre Curie, married him and went on to her achievements in science, still largely ignored by the world. A street accident killed Pierre, and with her two children, ahst carried her work forward alone. The note of triumph deepens, a nttn science, a new concept of thephyi^^l world was growing beneath her slender hands. Because of her the armament of medicine Was to gain a tremendcius ttew weapon,' and man’s knowledge was AbBf ^ irjmch qut toward strange new frontiers. The power and the glory came at last, but she did not want them; the honors pouring in on her frail head counted less with her than her notebooks, her test-tubes, the bare laboratory walls. To her death it was science and mankind she cared for, not fame.
Comments
"Memorable for the distinction of achievement it recounts and for the sympathetic skill with which it presents a character which had as much
simplicity as genius.”
“One of those rare books that will be read in many languages and wherever civilized peoples have a desire to know more intimately one of their great benefactors "
May be purchased att 1
f-ra
pukdusL, ^xponant
Tuesday. March 18,1941
fi/CUUL 3 - StMihtA.
Coaches Sponsor Clinics
Grid Mentors Meet For Annual Pig^in Clinic Here In April When the tenth annual Purdue Football Clinic gets under way on Friday, April 14, and continuing through Saturdky, between 400 and 500 coaches are expected to attend' from all parts of the middle west. Prank Leahy, Notre Dame’s newly appointed athletic director and head football coach, will be one of the featured speakers at the coaches’ banquet which is scheduled for Friday evening. Immediately following the banquet a popular feature will be revived when the visiting coaches and officials will take patt in a series of round table discussions. More Practical This yeai^ additional emphasis is to be placed upon the more practical phase of the gridiron game, and accordingly, a series of lectures and field demonstrations will be presented to kccomplish this. One of the most important features of the clinic is the individual instruction and consulting that is available to any coach who has a particular problem of his own. The climax of the clinic will be reached on Saturday afternoon when picked teams from the Boilermaker varsity engage each other in a reg^ulation game that will bring the two-day session to a close, r.w.d. Inlramural Sports Office Aiis Weekly Broadcast Endeavoring to hit the airlane with a program that was unavoidably detained last week, Loren Brower, the new master of ceremonies of the Intramural Sports Broadcast, will interview Frosty Sprowl at 4:30 this afternoon. Sprowl, versatile forward on last season’s basketball five, will discuss the advantages that intramural basketball holds for the fraternity, and also there will be a review of some of the highlights of the past season. The program will close with a summary of the intramural basketball finals, and the results of the recent ping pong and badminton tournaments, r.w.d.
Field
... in the all-campus badminton tournament is now narrowed to two men, Dave Collins and Jim Mann. The finals in which these two men will compete will be held today on the badminton courts in the Fieldhouse. w.h.h.
PGA, hninent Insfrudors PlairMPe|ing To Discuss Inslrudion Techniques Highli^ting a three-day golf clinic which is to be held on the Boilermaker campus from Tuesday, April 8, to Thursday, April 10, Tommy Armour, top flight professional from Boca Raton, Florida, will be the principal speaker at a-banquet for college and school golf instructors. This pioneering clinic, which was held for the first time last year under the joint sponsorship of the Purdue Division of Physical Education for Men and the Professional Gojferls Association of America, has been expanded into a three-day program at the request of college and high school golf coaches and teachers as well as professionals who attended last year’s two day session. Byron Nelson The highlights for the three-day program are as follows: Tuesday, April 8, the banquet;, Wednesday, an indoor demonstration in the Fieldhouse, which will feature Byron Nelson, national P.G.A. champion, and other ranking professionals. Thursday, the closing day, will be given over to golf publicity methods, golf literature, and research in the morning, while in the afternoon there will be an outdoor demonstration with such professionals as Byron Nelson, Dick Metz, and Johnny Revolta taking part, w.h.h. Squashmen End Season In Tourney At Evanston The squash season will bow out shortly after spring vacation when Chief Clevett will motor his racquetmen to Northwestern, ^host school for the Western Collegiate Squash Tournament, April 5 and 6. Staged at the Abbott Hall courts on the Wildcat campus, the meet will attract teams from most of the middle western institutions. Each team will be limited to one three-man team and two singles entries. Clevett has entered the following Riveter squashmen: singles—Jim Mann, Gene Adams; team—Joe Kalbfleisch, Norm Goldstein, Bob Green, Paul Smith or Jesse Fant. j.d.f. Ping Pong In the final game of the all-cam-pus singles ping pong tourney Art Davidson of New Yoik rapped Maishall Gardner, Whiting, three games to two. Scores of the five games were 19-21, 21-15, 15-21, 21-13, and 21-11.
A HEARTY WELCOME TO OUR CAMPUS MILE. EVE CURIE Guest Speaker at Convoeatiou
We Recomiuend; • LECTURE—MUSIC HALL Tues., March 18th, 8:00 p. m. • BOOK—MADAME CURIE $1.49 THE MOVING STORY OF THE FINEST CHARACTER OF MODERN TIMES rani HXx&fnnrnniE
m-m fwic imcir W6IV Tt MB
Irishman’s llittsions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Now that the hectic semi-finals in the state high school tourney is passed and but four teams remain of the 777 who started sectional eliminations three weeks a^o, I wonder just what names in the papers for the past two weeks will appear in Indiana, Notre Dame, Butler, and Purdue varsity line-ups a few seasons hence. —I-I— The “lucky” four remaining teams are Froebel of Gary, Madison, Washington, and Kokomo. And from those names you see that Indiana’s lone-feared domination of the Big Ten conference is slowly disappearing, because only Kokomo will represent the conference that holds Logansport, Frankfoirt, Newcastle, Tech, Muncie, and other state finalists by habit. -1-1— I would like to pick Kokomo to win the state title, but due to the loss of'Kokomo’s star athlete and high scoring basketeer, Carl Campbell; Campbell led all scorers in the fields last Saturday with 34"points, closely followed by Madison’s Lode with 33^ digits. Campbell’s is t strange case. -1-1— He is without a doubt one of “the” centers in the state; ironically enough, however, Campbell can’t go to the state this Saturday with his team, because today he’s twenty years of age, and that’s too old for Hoosierdom’s high school ball players. Kokomo citizens have a petition out requesting Campbell’s permission to play. “It’s no more than right,” howl the Kat’s fans. They have a point, too, because Froebel used an in•eligible ball player in the sectional (and were allowed to go on). —M— Froebel was eliminated last Saturday in the semi’s, and Kokomo fans are almost pleading with Judge Trester, Indiana’s -czar of athletics, will have to listen to more groups. Give a guy an inch, and the next man wants a foot.
Southern Baseball Trip Spurs Riveter Practice Sessions With the latest turn of weather reversing any hope Boilermalcer baseball enthusiasts may have had for outside practice, conditioning of the Gold and Black diamondmen continued yesterday witljin the Fieldhouse. Looking forward to next week’s southern trip as their first oportunity of the season to try their hands in real competition. Coach Fehring’s charges are doing their best to get into fighting |rim. Cadet Competition According to schedule the Riveter sluggers will leave Lafayette early next Saturday and arrive at the Pensacola air base sometime the following day. During their stay at the Florida base they will play a three-game series against the cadets stationed there. On their return north the team will stop over at Alabama for another three-game series, this time against the Alabama Poly baseball contingent. In both of the series scheduled the Boilermaker squad will have the distinct disadvantage of rather limited practice. Cramped Quarters A year ago on a similar trip below the Mason-Dixon line Fehring’s proteges showed their high calibre by returning to the Riveter campus Avith more victories than defeats to their credit despite the southern teams’ climatic advantages. More cramped in the Fieldhouse last night than usual, due to the fact that the football team also moved practice inside, infield practice was abandoned. Batting cages were beehives of activity, however. Danowski, Emmert and Blanken did a large part of the hurling while Captain Fisher and diminutive Frankie Cortez were stationed behind the bat. Changing batters frequently, Bert Sanders,. Coach Fehring’s assistant, who took over in Fehring’s absence yesterday, distributed practice for the improvemefit of the all-impor-tant batting eye. d.w.m. Championship . . . game of the co-op basketball tourney will be played tonight at 7:00 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. The opposing teams are Rochdale and Chauncey co-ops.
And so we now crawl out on the limb and pick Froebel to cop the rat race next Saturday at Butler’s fieldhouse, which definitely means they won’t come close.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. RAUL A. lllSK DAkUTHER A. RISK Ok. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Main Sts. Rhone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRIQN MNTIST II9V2 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student" Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hprclware
• Tailor
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.'—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
a Ice and Coal
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & \ COAL CO. IPHONE 5078
Hays jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Boilermaker Mermen Invade Fort Wayne Pool Friday Night In the way of preparation for National Intereollegiate in East Lansing Michigan, in several weeks, Ckmeh Dick VapeOr guth will leave Friday afternoon with 13 swimmers for an $ o’clock meet with the Fort Wayne YMCA. It will be the second clash of the year between the teams, for early in the season the rivals met in the Fieldhouse pool where the Riveters won
by a lop-sided score.
Record Shooting
On April 14 and 15 the National YMCA meet will be held in the Fort Wayne pool, and the Boilermaker invaders are making the trip this Friday with the definite purpose of setting some pool records for the “Y” boys to shoot at. The best bets for record bx-eaking will come when Carney and Kratzer take to the
f. J, EUason '23 ... a forestry graduate and formerly engaged with the New York Conservation Commission, has now reported to the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill, Okla. After completing a three month’s intensive course, he will be sent to Fort Bragg, N. C., to assist training selectees under the defense program of the army.
pool in the free style dashes and later when Joe Williamson goes after a new mark in the 150-yard
backstroke event.
The coming meet’s keenest competition will be seen in the SO-ystrd free style race when Dick Ejratzer, Riveter veteran, will tangle with Vogel, star of the Port Wayne team. Vogel’s victory in this event .wa« the only first place taken by Fort Wayne in the first meet this year. In the event that Kratzer fails to match the fast pace of Vogel, the task will be left up to capable Fred
Herr.
13 Travel ^ The traveling squad will consist of the following: Captain Siler, Heri', Kratzer, Carney, Williamson, Branner, Tingley, Andmnson, Ancker. Parkas, Ochstein, Horn, and Krueck. j.d.f.
KEST ASSmUED' at * f HOTEL FOWLER 200 Rooms Fireproof Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
IF
SHE’S
A FASHIONABLE WITCH
. . . and you aren’t afraid of ''Black Magic”. . . . give her M // udL a eew by pQMAY We warn you . . . you’U sqjK;aim|) ^ its, . . . Imt love it! It's such a spark|f|ig fragrpoc^ • • • ^4fftone has^ all the dai^ fire o| acquire a 4eep respect for your fasbjop s^, bef:»qsft wi|h jet sparkling on gowns, Iwits, jewels and accessories, what copidf be more perfect for a |ady of fashion than the fragrance »har is its complement in name and inspiration!
BriUjant cffiask, stoppered widi jet, in ivbite satin hla?k ve^et trjnimed. to Eau de Cologne ^ $1.50 and |2.50
-r - ^>*4
Paga ^TLatiaiA
Tuesday, March 18,1941
puhdtuL £xpona»dL
ish Troops... (Continued from page 1)
by a formidable air force—something which this poor Balkan country does not possess,. President Roosevelt’s speech, promising war material to the British and the Greeks and guaranteeing that “they will get it,” simply electrified the Yugoslav officers. If military assistance can reach Greece from the United States, they feel, It could also reach Yugoslavia, or at least a Yugoslav army fighting somewhere else. Need One More Assurance One further thing is necessary to stiffen this country’s back: The arrival, or at least the promise of a British air force with at least 1,000 airplanes. This assurance has not yet been given, but already the attitude at Belgrade has undergone a notable change. Under present cii’cumstances, experts here report, it does not much matter what the Yugoslav government does, or signs, short of two things: Allowing the German armies or war material passage through Yugoslavia, and
/
l)e/fa Gamma
. . . social sorority announces the initiation of the following: Alice Coe, Birmingham, MicTi.; Elizabeth Ford, Cartersville, Ga.; Jean Gilbert, Birmingham, Mich.; Betty Hanna, Roachdale; Barbara Kendall, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Catherine Leuty, Lafayette; Natalie Lowey, Huntington; Mary Grace Minkler, South Bend; Jeanne Rode, Attica; Marjorie Riddell, Wabash; Shirley Sayers, Jefferson City, Mo.; Lee Slone, Alexandria; Jean Thompson, Indianapolis; Jane Ward, Normall, 111.; and Virginia Wordan, Fort
Wayne.
demobilization of the Yugoslav army. This newfound resistance in the “toughest country in the Balkans” may just conceivably upset the entire German plan for the conquest of Turkish Thrase, with Salnika. With 500,000 sulten Yugoslavs fully mobilized on one flank, and a few hundred thousand sturdy Turks on the other, the German generals may well hesitate to throw their columns forward into an insecure corridor where, if suddenly attacked on three sides, they may be annihilated.
FIT
Take our word for it... don't try to econcmiixe by buying cheap slacks this spring. Slacks, in order to be smartlooking, must be designed and tailored with all the care and skill that go info the making of.r^ular trousers. Only a manufacturer who has had a great deal of experience in making regular suit trousers can turn out slacks of this nature. Our slacks are made by such manufacturers! In our collection you'll find slacks of all kinds tailored by famous makers. They'll cost you slightly more than other kinds of slacks .. . but take our word for it, they're worth it, because they'll fit you perfecriy and vrill keep their smart appearance all summer long! Prices Begin At
5.00
We have paints for every surface—and glass for every purpose. We also have every other decorating supply you may need, including varnishes, stains, waxes and general needs for the home. HUNECK GLASS & PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
Copynght 1^1, Licgbtt & Mvm Tobacco Co
Campus Discussion Wiii Open Thursday The first round of this year’s AllCampus Discussion tournament will be held Thursday night in various sorority and fraternity houses. Sorority, fraternity, and independent groups will discuss the question “What part shall the United States play in the present war?” Five participants and two alternates will represent each organization in the contest. From each of the six rounds of the tournament the three best contestants will be selected by the judges for the next round. No formal speeches will be given and the discussions will be informal. Separate trophies will be awarded to the men’s and women’s groups whose members win the most points. Permanent possession of the trophies is secured by winning the trophy three times. Individual cups will be given to the man and woman who finish highest in the tournament. Each contestant in the final discussion will receive a key. Marilyn McKnight and Bruce Lawler are in charge of the discussion touiTiament. a.c. Camperafters Open Class Meetings This Afternoon The first meeting of the Camperafters Course will be held this afternoon at 4*p. m. in the Women’s Gym. This course is open to all s,tudents. There has already beeut a call-out meeting but any interested student may still come out for the course by attending this afternoon’s meeting. Instruction in all types of camp work, including counseling, will be given at these meetings which will be held once a week for eight weeks. All WAA members who complete this course will receive a hundred points, j.r.l. Delta Chi
Malaria Specific Drug (Continued from page 1)
. . social fraternity, announces the initiation of th following: John Allen, Kalamazoo, Mich.; Paul Sobonya, Terre Haute; Roland Loeffler, Rutheiford, N. J.; Bob Clifford, Indianapolis; Bill Feik, East Chicago; and Leonard Brueckner, Pe-*
kin. 111. ^ Ed Hincks, Kents’ Hill, Me.; and Theta Chi
James Brocker, Chicago, were
pledged.
by Clarence
For an hour and a half, in EE 19 lab today, we had 116 volts running all over the place. Matter of fact, live wires were connected and disconnected at will without damage even to the most ignorant of the lab party (which is Clarence, in case you’re in doubt). When suddenly the instructor discovered that voltage was rampant he let out a quiet “yipe” and pointed to the connection that was feeding electricity to all the wires going hither and thither. At that point sparks began to fly. We cleaned up the mess and started over. Which goes to show yoq that what you don’t know won’t hurt you.
duced by an entirely new method. The Eli Lilly company of Indianapolis won out over two other pharmaceutical houses with its bid to become the “research god-father” for further experimentation on the new intermediate. Work similar to that being done by the Lilly research fellowship has been undertaken by the Universities of Indiana, Nebraska, Virginia and Columbia. This great discovery made by the University’s research staff may be the highway for future success in the fight against malaria. At least it has made possible the production of better anti-malarial drugs which will aid in saving the lives of a part of the 3,000,000 people who die each year of the dreaded disease. Denzier, Ag Chemist, Receives $300 Award Julius J. Denzier, Ag Chem ’40, has been declared the winner of the Harvey W. Wiley Memorial Award of $300 for research he did in his senior year on a thesis entitled, “Determination of Potassium with Ni-troso-R Salt.” Denzier, now employed at National Oil Products Company, Harrison, N. Y., submitted his thesis along with six other students to a committee, which later selected it to represent the University in the nation-wide contest for the Wiley
Award.
Award Offered To Seniors The late Dr. Wiley was for years professor of chemistry at the University and attained world recognition for work in his field. The awaids, sponsored by the Association of Official Agricultural Chemists, are offered for competition to any member of the current senior class in any North American accredited college or university and are made to stimulate undergraduates to entey the field of chemistry and its relation to agriculture and to encourage lesearch on problems within the scope of the official chem-
ists’ activities, a.p.h.
Notices
Christian Seisnea Orttniaatloar Besuiar merti^ Tuesday, Mareh 18, at 7 p. in. WHI be held in room 806 of tiie Union heeattBe< of the convocation. We will eleet ofticets April 1. —BUMtOUGHS. . ***** ^^f***** Bpslfcfij Meeting Wednesp. m. in roam 106 \ of the Chemistry Building. BushMss, distribution of keys and sheepaklidi are scheduled. Members must attend to establish active rating. —ALEXAKDRR. PIA Dance Class: Advanced class will meet Wednesday-, March 19, at 7:80 pi, m. Beginner’s class will meal Thursday, Maweb 20, at 7:30 p. m. —KUMPHBBY An Co-eds: Those wanthsg YWOA cabinet positions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19, —BBYANT. AU Co-eds: Those wanting tieketi far the WAA banoMt March 20 may |^et thm at the WAA office or at sorority houses. —wnn’ovBB. To Whom It Concamo: All lost and found articles in Senate office must be BiSimril bv Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right to claim them. —lAWBENCE AU Seniors: Please cheek spelling of your name for the tentative commencement program list in the office of your schooL —SaXEY.
POMM: Meeting Tuesday, March 18, at 4:00 p. m. in the Armory. Pledges will be selected. —McCAMMON. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, March 20, at 7:80 p. m. in room 212 of the Union Everybody out. —YATES. Independent Staff: There will be a meeting at 4:00 p. m , Tuesday, March 18. Bring copy for the “razz” edition. Be sure to attend. > —SELKOwrrz. Rural Ecs. and Gen. Ag. Students: Meeting of student-faculty club Wednesday, March 19, in room 368 of the Union. E. Wailey will speak on "Profession^ Farm Management.” Refreshments Will be served —KIRKPATRICK. Agriculturist Business Staff: Important meeting in office Tuesday at 6:00 instead of regular time. Bring ads with you. —ARVIDSON.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting Tuesday. 4 p. m, room 232 of Union. —SWAIM
WAA: Tumbling practice Tuesday 4.00 p. m All out for penny carnival practice. Important I —BRITTON
All Students; Passengers wanted to go to Detroit. Call 2722 and ask for James Vtterback. -rVTTERBACK.
AWS: Execuyve board meeting Thursday. March 20, instead of Wednesday in AWS office at 7:30 p. m. —ZWIERDEIN
College Widow: Men and women dance tryouts Tuesday, at 4 p. m in the Music Hall—last call. —KNIGHT.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Wednesday, March 19, at 4:30 in roonf 308 of the Union. —CARROL.
.... social fi-aternity, announces the election of the l^following officers: Ned Ochiltree, president; Walter McCullough, vice-president; Frank Freiherr, secretary; Charles Keene, treasurer; Bob Weaver, assistant treasurer; Bill Leineweber, house manager; Dale Moffet, steward; Joe Benna, marshall; Bud Callahan, first guard; Warren Seaborg, second guard; Harry Pettit, chaplain; David Ochiltree, historian; Ed Cyeenas, librarian. Pi Kappa Alpha . I . fraternity announces the initiation of Herbert deBruyn, Chicago; William Fleming, Battle Creek, Mich.; Anthony Hartley, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Charles Martin, Indianapolis; John Morrison, Chicago; George Tipsword, Lawrencewille. 111.; and Harvard Townsend, Downers Grove, 111.; and the pledging of John Brown, Lowell; Edward Hausburg, Slingerlands, N. Y.; and Kenneth Williams, Cleveland,
Ohio.
ASME Members: Get your membership cards and emblems from Prof. Cope’s office between 9 and 10 o’clock, Tuesday or Wednesday —COALEY. Agriculturist: All Agriculturist staff members and freshmen workers desiring positions for next year may obtain appUcatiop blanks at the Agriculturist office Tuesday and Wednesday, March 18 and 19 after 4 p m ’ These are to be turned in Wednesday evening at a special meeting. —ADAMS.
Ceres: Short meeting at 6•46, 'Tuesday, March 18, room 232, Union. —HOD.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, March 20. at 7:80 p m. in room 307 of the Union. —LONG.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room 806 of Union at 7‘80 p m , Wednesday, March 19. —NORQUEST. Silver Mask: Meeting 7:16 p. m. March 20, room 303, Union. All actives and pledges please be present —WEGENER, Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting Wednesday, 4 P m,. in Fowler Hail. Short and important. —MARTIN.
Classified Ads
Typewriter^ and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, 129.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night Phone 2407.
All Champions Have It
Superb confidence—in himselfchampion must have it to win.
-in his equipment—every
Crown has the confidence it is giving yon the best to be had in Dry Cleaning Service. A modern new plant with new equipment has just been completed. Cbown Lauhdby FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHEt