Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, PEBRUABY 4, 1986
Ik' =
Student Union Announces “Carmita” Cast
rati^
Bill Shuttleworth, Mary Friend To Play Leads; 84 In Cast
Mary Friend, Soprano, \dli take the part of “Carmita” the feminine lead, in the Student Uaiph show by tiiat name which tvill be given at the Mars theatre thie spring. Union officials anouhced last night. Bill Sbuttleworth, will plhy opposite her as Bob Halliday, owner of the Dude Ranch where the action takes place. Fritzi Walkey will take the part of Ginny Halliday, Bob’s sister. Fred Ahrens, baritone, is cast as Glifif Halliday, a football player. Other singing parts announced were; Ruth Grimm as Lucy White, a co-ed comedienne; and John Brubaker as Andy Farrell, state police officer. Others
Dr. and Mrs, G« Droolspool Spelvin, an absent minded professor and his wife, will be played by Jack Allen and Virginia Meguiar. Mary Jean Light will take the part of Georgia, the Spelvin’s squalling brat. Don Beggs will be Don Perez, Carnaita’s father and Carl Mueller will take the part of Juan Anzora, her cousin.
George Claypool is cast as Sirris, a salesmai:^ ; Louise Hanley as Alice Arnold, a co-ed; and S. J. Martinez will take the part of Pedro, a grunting Indian servant. Choruses In addition to the principal parts, ^0 students will be used in the three dancing choruses. Rehearsals will start this afternoon with the cast meeting in room 2, the “Pony” chorus in the Tower room, and the No. 2 chorus in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Bob Fuller, student Union president, said last night that more than 160 students participated in the tryouts.
Seniors Hear
Company To Use More Engineers InTelevision
Four graduates of the electrical engineering school spoke before senior students interested in employment with the General Electric Company yesterday. One meeting was held in the Electrical Engineering Building and another in the Mechanical Engineering Building. The four representatives of General Electric, Messrs. Adams, Allen, Mullin and Turny, each spoke on the present economic conditions in electrical engineering fields, the possibilities of employing new men, the type of work required of each employee, and the research as well as other work which is being done by their engineers. Each speaker stated that GE could use more men, and that they had positions open for several men in the commission and television fields. A large number of senior engineering men turned out for the meetings.
E. B. Steen Attends Wild Life Conference
When Bill Hogan and his thirteen Hollyw^ood Californians appear here Friday .to play for the Men’s Inter fraternity Dance, they will feature in the singing role a trio of girls along with a feminine soloist. Hogan, a Sigma Nu from Illinois, has been touring the country lately following extended engagements at such noteworthy bright spots as the Edgewater Beach Hotel and the Cocoanut GrOve of. Chicago. Tickets for the affair, priced at $2.00, are liow available at the book stores, the Union desk, and from the various fraternity presidents.
Stewart To Direct Pro-
Albert P. Stewart will direct the University Concert Choir in a program of sacred music to be given before the Indiana pkstors’ Convention at 8 o’clock tonight at the First Baptist Church in Indianapolis. The extramural relations committee of the University faculty is responsible for securing a chartered bus which will meet the choir at the Memorial Union Building at 3 o’clock this afternoon. After a brief rehearsal at the church, the choir will be entertained at dinner at the home of Mary Bell, a member of the group. Stewart is in charge of all of the music for the convention.
EE School AMs
Statens Water Pipe Thawers
Electrical equipment furnished by the University school of Electrical Engineering and the local office of the Public Service Company of Northern Indiana is being used to thaw frozen w^fer pipes in many homes as well as several water mains in numerous cities of the state. J. H- Bowman, of the University electrical engineering staff, worked two days in Delphi during the past week to thaw out a four inch water main with the special apparatus, and he is working in Battle Ground at the present melting the ice in the town main. The same service was recently offered to Seymour by Dr. G. F. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, as did John Walker, of the Public Service Company, in several of the cities of this part of the state.
^apt. Sweeney Visits University Airport
Edwin B. Steen, of the University forestry department, left Sunday to attend the North American wild life conference in Washington, D. C. This conference was called by Presilent Ropsevelt to decide on a nalional program for conservation ind restor;ation of the wild life of itbis countVy. Representatives of all groups And agencies interested in conservation will attend the conference.
■ (Use pencJl; ihk blet^)
- - choose the following four co-eds to appear in the Chicago Sunday Tribune feature section of beauties.
(Order of listing, is immaterial).
1.
Captain Earl Sweeney* Stout field, Indianapolis, 113th observa tion squadron, recently visited Gap tain L. I. Aretz, local air port man ager, when he flew here in an-0-38-E ship. Captain Aretz stated that air line Operators carried 746,946 passengers in the United States during the past year. This is the largest total for any year in their history, and an increase of 61 per c©ut over that of the year of 1984.
3.
4. „
(Return to Purdue Exponent. Only students are eligible toVote.).'
SUfeet Car Wheel Contours Tomorrow
H. A. Otis, car equipment engineer of the (Chicago Rapid Transit and Associated Companies, will address the University chapter of the A. S. M, E. and the Purdue Railroad club Wednesday evening at 7:30 in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. He will discuss the development of new wheel contours to eliminate truck oscillation and body swasnng on electrical “L” type cars. Intensive study and experiments conducted on cars bMonging to the North Shore line during the past two years have convinced Otis that the method of solving the objectionable body motion lies in the wheel contours. In these investigations he used a high speed motion picture camera to record data. The same wheel contour used on steam railroad cars for many years had until recently been used on electrical cars. Recently, however, a cylindrical type wheel has been employed. Mr. Otis graduated from the University of Illinois in 1912, and has been with the Chicago Rapid Transit Company since that time. Officers of the student organizations before which he will appear have opened the meeting to students.
Slippery Streets Cause Accidents
Walking in this zero weather of ice, snow, rain, and slush is not what it is cracked up to be, according to the report of Ed Lown, freshman in the engineering school, who slipped, skidded and fell on the ice in front of Jefferson High School last night and fractured his collarbone. Lown was taken to the St. Elizabeth hospital for treatment. Eleven automobiles and one
ever, nobody was hurt, although ing Company starting today
some of the cars were damaged-
fee Breaks Potver Line; Cary HeAl Left In Dark
Here^s Chance To Vote For: Your
Lambertmen Set
Kesslerf Young Lead Scoring Attack; Offudfds Assert Authority Despite Boos Of Fans
Ohio State’s Dye and Whitlmger were unable to check Purdue s scof ing spf ed la,st: night as the Boilermakers e^ily but-
scored l^e Buckeyes* 48 to 27, jh Je^^
gymriasiuih. Purdue’s attack, led by their high sedrihg for-
wards, Kessler and Young, resulted in 19 field goals^d charity tosses, — —“—
IMi
The first ballot for the poll to determine popular campus beauties in the contest being sponsored through the Exponent at the request of the Chicago Tribune, appears in this issue. Four other balfots in the series will appear this week in the Exponent. .. The following conditions should be understood by the voter. (1) , No ballot will be counted that is n6t signed by a member of the Purdue Student body; (2), Ballots Will be discarded that name the same person more than once, blit the ballot need not be filled out eompletely; and (3), Any duplications of signatures will be discarded unless the voter can be contacted and the correct ballot affirmed. Ualiots A special arrangement with Mr. C. D. Bushhell, director of the physical plant, will enable students to deposit their returns in any of the campus mail box;es in the various campus buildings. Ballots may also be returned by depositing them in the Exponent box at the Union desk or by mailing them to the Exponent, Box 225, Lafayette. If returns are made via the campus mail, they must be enclosed in an envelope. The contest will close at 6 p. m. Saturday, February 8, and as soon as tabulations are made the winners will be called for permission to publish their names in the following edition of the Exponent on Tuesday. A Tribune photographer will travel to LaFayette the middle of the week to photograph the winners of the contest and the pictures will appear in the Tribune on Sunday, March 8.
Stullar guarding by the Boilermaker defense limited the Buckeye threat men* Tip-^ py Dye and TOiitlinger, t® three field goals, but it was these two who provided the spark for their entire sqidad. Kessler and Young accounted for twelve of the nineteen field counts accredited to the Old Gold and Black five. The scoring results, however* don’t indicate just how well the local five operated in keeping their point a
Wheeler Wm Address ASCE Aliimiiiis To Discuss
Commercial E:k|i6iise'
,99
John W. Wheeler, G. E., ’i6, will address the student chapter 'bf Hie
minute record. The team as a unit American Society bf Givil En^n-
displayed almost perfect coopera- tomorrow evening in room 201
eia- , , . w — —T.
tion with the exception of a few “ to© Civil En^neering buildihg at minutes in the second half when 7^ ^^mmer-
the officials decided that it was their turn for the spot light.
Officials’ Game
For a period of approximately four minutes the referee and umpire took it upon themselves to try to outscore both teams, and for a (Gontinued on page 3)
cial Expense”. Mr, Wheeler was an outstanding leader on the campus and Was active in student activities while attending the Universitry. He is president of the Indiana section
of A. S. C. E,
YWCAToGive
im
Scheduled
For February 21 Members of the University Y. W.
Tin
Govt. Broadcasts
C. A. organization will present an all co-ed concert Friday evening, February 21, in Eliza Fb^ler Hall* according to an announcement made yesterday. Rehearsals for the concert, the first affair of its kind presented by the Y. W. C. A., began several days ago and will continue until the day preceding the program. ' The program will consist of piano solos by Mildred Rhodes and Sylvia Zussin, a vocal solo by Ann Sims, a harp duo by Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith, vocal selections by the Friend Trio, and harp solos by Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith, The concert will be open to the general public and no admission will be charged. Jayne Bennewitz is director in charge of the pro-
gram.
He was first employed by the Vermillion Company of_Illinois as engineer oh a concrete paving job. Later, he became an inspector for the Portland Cement Association. During the World War, he was Captain of the ninth engineers regiment of the U. S. Army and following the war he was engaged as bridge engineer for Lake County, Indiana, In 1933 he was appointed tb the Indiana State Highway Commission with which he is still connected. The committee in charge of the meeting has invited all who are interested to attend the meeting in the Civil Building. ■ *
Pure Milk Ass’n Gives 1, Trustees Gives 5
“The constitution in the Twentieth Century”, a series of broadcasts presented by the Committee on Civic Education by Radio, of the National Advisory Council on Radio
street car took part iii six minor in Education, and the American accidente last evening when they Political Science Association, will
came together after skidding on the be broadcast weekly over the red slippery streets of Lafayette; how- network of the National Broadcast-
Cary Hall was taken hack to the pre-electrical days last night when the power line for the two halls snapped under the heavy ice coating. Darkness placed its heavy hand on the pre-game studies of nearly three hundred students shortly after four-thirty in the afternoon. Gandies, flashlights, and lanterns were procured and a general recess was taken. The evening meal was served by candle light, following which a “community” sing was held to celebrate the occasion. However, trouble shooters of the electric company had the power line repaired in time for the evening studies. ‘
The program will he broadcast
oyer WEAP and affiliated stations at 7:45 p. m. and Dr. Thomas H. Reed will ■ introduce the guest
speakers on each program. Some of the speakers are, David
P. Barrows, former President of the University of Galifornia, Donald Richberg, former administrator N. R. A., Norman Thomas, Socialist Candidate for President in 1928 and 1932, and many other well known authorities on government. The last
of the broadcasts will be June 9.
ANNOUNGES PLEDGING
Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity announces the pledging of Alvin H. Maierson and Otto Phelps Oppenheimer, Jr., both of Indiaimpolis.
Vassar will double its present library capacity of 200,000 books.
Glider Club Plans
Soaring Show
The Purdue Glider club will spon sor a sparing exposition at Sleeping' Bear Ridge in Northern Michi gan during spring vacation. Several other clubs have been invited inclnding the glider clubs from the University of Michigan and Toledo The club is going to take seven pilots, along vfith their secondary glider which has recently been re
constructed Vmth
Six 4-H club members of Tippecanoe County were awarded scholarships to the University* according to the recent announcement made by the University club department. Five of the scholarships were given by the University board of trustees and the other one was given by the Pure Milk AssociatiOii of Chicago. The Pure Milk Association scholarship was awarded to Jade I/^l^ Romney; while Elizabeth Maier, R. R. 10; J. W. Greenbufg, West Point; R. C. Garrison, Clarks Hill; Frederick Reichart, R. R. 6; and Mary Wein, R. R, 10, were given the scholarships awarded by the
trustees.
Max Skinner, University freshman, has been given the Angus cattle scholarship as an alternate because the 1934 award that was ® given to a Peru youth was regret-
fully turned back.
ii
a new set
wings. The club is also constructing a winch to facilitate towing.
The Glider club is having an open W6sl©y Plajr©rs meeting in the reception room of WTHl'II'aI.I * the Union Building tomorrow at 7 ^ ■ HoIa lVyOUtS
o’clock to show pictures of gliding
ip N^wJersey
Wmer Student Receives Goodyear Merit Medal Charles F. V. Brunner, former University student and present employee of Goodyear, Akron, Ohio, was awarded the Litchfield merit award for his outstanding work in electrical engineering and also outatanding work as a student at the Goodyear industrial school during
the year <^;1936.
Wesley Players, religious draiffiBbtie fraternity, will hold their spring tryouts today at 4 and 7 p. nn at the Wesley Foundation Housed The cast and production staff for a short three-act Lenten play “The Alabaster Box” will be selected at the tryouts today. ' The play is scheduled to be presented on Sunday evening, March I, at the West Lafayette Mettodist eburch, and later in Atti<». Anyone interested in lighting, staging, « make-up is invited to try ont.
MmSports ^itor..
W. t. lanhti K H; MorriSi M. G. Walth^
B, Hays
.a»: R Mull, a Waited Ji D. Woqd
Associate Sports Editors......— ,..,.... — — _ . . _ -s ,
Sophomore A8sistaJit8...........-....-...K. A. Barnette, J. E; Brock, B. li: Gribh, .A.: H> Forster,
C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, «, P. iannion, D. M. Meachnm, O^ Ir. Sadler
G, F. Koquemore, B. C. Scheiick,: J. li. VpnHwz
..W. R. Abbott
Bhsinesh Manager.........
BUSINESS STAFF / V ..i.....Wi Ai Koch .;......;........:..................H. F. Antonihi
Advertising Assistants. Circulation Manager.... Circulation Assistants.. Associate Editors.......... Advertising Manager..
.........................~.......L. H. Brown, R. Greek, D. 0. Miller - ....;. R. J- Hulse r.;...'...'.'."..."'.......'.... .......... 3. G. Girard, G. B. Shields ...................Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ........Josephine Perkins
Editor Associate Editors.......... Advertising Manager..
: WOMEN’S STAFF / . ....... Joyce Williams .Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ..Josephine Perkins
Tuesday, February 4, 1936.
. . Issue Editor—R. Po Maniqis. .
Large vs. Sniall- Brain Plants
“Every day or so you read in the paper where some very rich man has died and left millions to some great educational institution already topheavy with money, and while we know of no way to stop it, it is a relief to express one’s wish that these philanthropic gentlemen might see the wisdom of encouraging small colleges in small towns.” The above statement was taken from an editorial in the Madison (Indiana) HeraM, Regarding the advisability of donating money to the larger colleges, we disagree with the opinion expressed in the editorial. Just what the Madison editor meant by small colleges, we are unable to say, but it makes little difference in the points of argument. We are living in an age of mass education, conducted in a modem, up-to-date industrial fashion. The time of the private tutor is past, except for a few of the children of the wealthy citizens. Students receive their college education “on an endless belt” in more or less the same manner that Henry Ford makes an automobile from heaps of raw materials. As long as the modern system continues in the institutions of higher learaing--and there is no indication that it is losing grbund— the small brain plant will have to take, a seat in the back row.—A. M. C. '
Thomas Jefferson founded the Democratic party; Franklin Roosevelt dumbfounded it.—Representative Dewey Short, Mississippi.
Cantor Scholarship Contest
Eddie Cantor’s essay writing contest on the subject “How Gan The United States Stay Out Of War ?” has mot received the attention it meritoriously deserves on the University campus. Any motivating force generated with the honest purpose in mind of starting people thinking and moving in the general direction of peace—-and this contest appears to offer such possibilities—should be encouraged by students and faculty alike. That the contest has been fostered in sincerity and not merely as a publicity stunt to increase the popularity of a famous radio-screen star is indicated by action of Dr. Hutchins, president of Chicago University, and others of equal national recognition in consenting to serve as judges. Furthermore, the rules are such that it would be hard to conceive of its purpose being other than that for which it is intended, to give college and university students an opportunity to express their views on this vital question with the possibility in store of receiving a four-year course in any chosen school at any time; ■■ tThe problem was, is, and undoubtedly will continue to be for many years, one of great national importance with which we will be vitally concerned. With this in mind a movement has been instigated at Illinois University to have the essay question discussed in classrooms, a suggestion which has met with considerable favorable response. The majority of courses in history and economics here at the University apportion a certain period of time in their schedule for a consideration of current problems and events. A brief survey of this vital question at this time would be both appropriate and profitable to all concerned. Why not follow Illinois’ lead?—C. L. S.
Well, anyway, the practice of throwing students up through the stands at basketball games will stop when someone gets a neck broken. ^
READERS* OPINION
The Exponent welcomes comments oi good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Features And Womenly Attributes
To the Editor: From time to time there have appeared in the Exponent, feature articles of rather dubious merit. The highly imaginative drivel entitled “If I Were President” which appeared some time ago was an example of this. However, even that piece of nonsense was surpassed by the recent “Chivalry—-Does It Exist In^^Mind Of Our Modern Man?” There is no doubt that it is difficult to fill all four pages of the paper at tirnes, but articles/of somewhat superior quality to the two just mentioned can surely be found, The editorial form of first person plural has its uses, but it sounds^very incongruous in a story of the “Chivalry” type. We believe that the first person singular was not only justifiable, but entirely proper in that instance. We would feel very much enlightened if someone would demonstrate how a fist could have met the writer’s chin while she was talking into the telephone, in such a way as to slam her into the transmitter and cause her nose to bleed. The sliding and slipping of the young man as he made his exit also sounds considerably farfetched. If the writer of that article feels that chivalry is lacking among Boilermakers, she is probably right. It is also true, however, that some of the womanly attributes are conspicubusly lacking in our co-eds.-—L. 0. V.
TOUCHING Scene: Pi Phi j)orch, late Saturday nite. Northwestern Co-ed: “You’re shivering. Not cold, are you?” Ed Lynch: “Nope, just a little excited.” ^ELhiil
“Frailty, Thy Name—” Oh, A girl: is a strange tomato. She derives so much elan Prom “coking” at nine with a Beta, And at ten with a Figam.
At four she pashes— ^ Her long lowered lashes, entrancing her Sigma Chi, While she smiles so sweetly and yet discreetly At a Fidelt passing by.
And the love she felt for her hand- ,. some Belt Reaches the airy state As she hurries home with eyes that melt To wait her Sig Alpha date.
But she tells of the joy with her home-town boy At night in sister-session. Each other man is’ to her but a ■ , toy—' ■■■ So, Greeks, please heed this lesson. —L.M.J.
A recent vote at Princeton revealed that whisky was the favorite beverage. Why not tack another vote below the Tribune Beauty contest—List four Purdue beauties and your choice of drinks ?
“Captain Blood” is the Current attraction at the MARS and a single contrib may take the passes.
CO-EDITS
Phooey To Fashion So, women are slaves to fashion, are they ? Sub-zero weather brings out the rebel in the conservative co-ed. While Flossie Freshman may not follow the dictates of Dame Fashion explicitly she always looks well despite her subordination of the mode to comfort.
When a brave co-ed first appeared on the campus with a scarf tied about her head a la peasant, a bright wit dropped to one knee and sang out “Mammy”. Another, more ribald, thrust into her arms a doubled-up scarf to serve as a baby and to a stirring rendition of “Hearts and Flowers”, sternly spurned her, “Go! Never darken my door you hussy! Out into the snow.”
Everyone who adopted the idea of the warm scarf met similar horse play on all sides, but smilingly ig nored all jibes and kept ears from freezing.
Much more ridiculous seemed the young lady who appeared in a small black bat that covered about three and a fourth square ihehes of her head and had a huge red rose blooming forth from the very peak of the crown. Chalk up another point for the scarves that added little color to our costumes.
Many of the freshman co-eds and a few of the upperclassmen have been wearing ski suits to class. There is a saying that there is a time and a place for everything. Ski suits are supposedly to be worn for sports and going to class is the farthest thing from a sport of which we can think.
We’ve heard rumors about queer outfits worn to bed in the dorm, when fifty mile gales blow through. We’ve seen everything from night caps to fur coats being donned for dorm wear. Dainty little booties (size ten) are sometimes worn. All in all it is difficult for the co-ed to make up her mind as to whether to go skiing, or go to bed when she is finally ready to turn in, for her costume is appropriate for both.
“Wliq Mb old clothes ?” asks an appeal being made to the public. Who hasn%?—Norfolk Ledger-Dispatch.
We’ve said all this to prove our point that our co-eds are sometimes more sensible than Dame Fashion and mind you we said “sometimes”. —J. R. J.
Of Interest to Hoosiers. . “Gaar Williams? YeS sir-ee,' I reckon everybody in these, parts* knew him. There never war a better liked man, walked down the streets of this here town; and he was a smart one, I’m a’tellin’ ye. “See Ihetbarn over yonder? Well, let me tell you about it—^this’ll show y’ jist the’ kind of man old Gaar was, super-human I calls it. Well, back thirty years^go--r^hen Ga lived here in the heighborhppd--rthet barn had a fancy pigeon roost a’ settin’/up on top o’ the rbpf. I remeniber it well ’cause I helped t’tear it down ^bout ten years back. Well, sir, about a year ago; out comes one of Williams’ cartoons with thet there barn, pigepn roost n’ all; jist so per^ feet y’ could smeU the pigeon dung on the paper. Now I know thet foostain’t been there for ten years, mind y’; but old Gaar had it in his drawing jist as perfect as a photygraph. There’s others in this town mentioned it at th’ time—I calls it uncanny. “Course we all know he could draw better’n all get out, but folks ’ll remember Gaar for his nature longer*n anything else; I’ll Swear. He was the durndest good natured feller I ever know’d. Why say, he’d come back to town every year or so after he’d been real successful up thar in Chicago. He’d always come ’round to see us all an’ remember names of those he ain’t saw in years ’n years. He came in here a couple of years back—and a real surprise it war too— and he said as how he was sorry ;t’ hear thet my boy had gone and broke his leg down- thar in Kentucky where he’s a’workin’. Why say, not many o’ th’ folks thet live in this here town know’d about Albert’s leg; how Gaar found out I swear I don’t see. “Y’ know, I don’t believe I ever knew or heard tell of the time when Gaar Williams was really mad at anybody ’bout anythin’. I recall John Todd^—^he’s Gaar’s brother-in-law and our banker here in town— tellin’ ’bout th’ time he was a’visitin’ Gaar up in th’ city; this’ll kinda give y’n idea how good natured he really war. “It seems thet it was Halloween night ’n the folks’d been , t’ some shindig ’r other and when they gets back t’ the Williamses’ they found thet some kids’d stuck the garden hose through th’ parlor winder n’ left it runnin’. Things were pretty well ruined, I reckon; but Gaar jist loked at it a moment ’n said, why th’ fool kids, the young raskels ought t’ know better’n thet. Then he laughed ’cause it reminded him o’ soniethin’ he’d done when a lad. He made a heap of folks happy by those drawin’s o’ his, but I reckon a sight more were happy fer jist knowin’ him.” —Arthur Bradbury
Dartmouth made ;$36,609 on football last season.
Hinupy”, Camplbell Marries :’34 Grad
“Humpy” Campbell, science, ’35, and Hope Van Sciever, home economics, ’34, were married December 27, in North Minister Presbyterian Church, Columbus, Ohio. Rev. T. Martin Baker officiated at the simple ceremony which was attended only by relatives and close friends. I Mr, and Mrs. Campbell who are now residing at 416 Bellgravia Court; Louisville, Kentucky, were in Lafayette last week-end visiting friends. “Humpy” is assistant personnel director for the Mengel Furniture and Auto Body Plant in Louisville. During his senior year here he served as football manager. Mrs. Campbell was president of the Pi Beta Phi sorority.
Anliiviiliiig Dance Studio
We offer yon one of the fliiest dancing' school in Indiana. It makes instruction a greater pleasure than you realized.
New Beginners’ Class In Social Dancing for Adults Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p.m.
New advanced class Feb. 14 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Alpha Chi Omega announces the pledging of Bonnie Helen Raber, Newcastle.Season Opens Tomorrow Co-captains Will Lead Boilermakers In Opening Meet At Butler Go-captaiiis Claude Moore and Lakie Glendennirig,' outstanding middle distance runners, are expected to be the mainstays of Coach Oryal' Martin’s Purdue track team during the indoor season, that will he launched tomorrow at Indianapolis in a dual meet against Butler. Moore and Glendenning, who have been consistent point winners for the past two seasons, headline a groi^xof nine major lettermen who will/form the nucleus for the squad; Ti^ other major lettermen include "Vaughan-Catt, in the dashes; Shideler, hurdles; Bluemel in the quarter-mile; Janos in the distance events; Heed and Burmeis ter in the weights, and Williamson in the high jump. Weak In Field Events In general, Coach Martin expects the squad to be appreciably stronger in the running eventf, particularly iii the "middle dist^^ an apparent weaMess in the fieldevents is apt to legislate against the Boilermaker chances. Lemon, a fast developing quar-ter-miler, and Terhune, who specializes in the half-mile, are among the best prospects; from the sopihoniore crop. Other sophomore prospects include DeLohg and Bokansoii, in the dashes; Scbilling, hurdles; Pifield, quarter-mile; Goory and Manion, distance events; McGannon and.; MeShane,. pole vault; ; Grant; Schreyer^ iiyQltmah, Graham and Andres, weight events; and Aijererombie, high jump. Other point* possibilities include Stalcup, a minor letterman, in the dashes, and John Drake in the weight events.
Schedule
The Boilermaker track schedule for the indoor and outdoor seaSon
follows:
Indoor Season Peb. 5—Purdue at Butler, Peb.lSr—Wisconsin, Purdue and Northwestern at Evanston. (Triangular meet.)' Peb. 29^—Purdue at Chicago. Mar, 1-—^Purdue at Indiana. Mar. 14—Big Ten Indoor Championships at Chicago. Mar. 21—^Butler Relays. Outdoor Season Apr. 24-26^Drake Relays. May 2-^Ghicago at Purdue:
le’s fencing team had a hard time of it in their opening Big Teh meet against the University of Illinois, defending Big Ten champions, last Saturday. The Boilermakers finished'on the.short end of a 12% to 4% score. Jack Silverman, Purdue Captain, won two of his three matches in the'foils. Chiprin, the only one to beat Silverman, took all three of his bouts which gave Illinois an early lead. With three other winning bouts in the, foils Illinois led by a score of ,6 to 3. Purdue could do nothing in the sabre bouts and Tost them, 4 to 0. In the final bouts with the epee, Illinois again won by a score of 2%
to 1%.
Preshman fencers who have laid oif during the finals will resume practice today. Results Poils—Chiprin, Illinois, defeated Silvermam Purdue, 6-3; Blocker, Purdue, 6-2; and Reynolds, Purdue, 6-3. Katz, Illinois, defeated Latter, Purdue, 6-3. Silverman, Illinois^ defeated McWilliams, Purdue, 6-1; and Blocker, Purdue, 6-6. Silverman, Purdue, defeated Pishback, s, 6-1; and Silverman, Illinois^ 6-^3^ Latter; Puydue, defeated Pish-' back, illihpisj 6-$. Epee-^Boland; Illinois, defeated Hammanh, ; Purdue, 6--3, and tied Matthews, Purdue, 3--3. JaCksori, Illinois, defeated Hammahn, Purdue, 3-1. Matthews; Purdue, defeated Jackson, Illinois, 3-1; Sabre---Green; Illinois, defeated Green, Purdue, 6-3. Schnider, Illinois, defeated Seaborg, Purdue, 6-:3; Eaplin, Illinois, defeated Green, Purdue, 6-3, and Seaborg, Purdue,
6-^0.' •
Dowti To Defeat, 59-16
ByL.D*Wood
ability of the Boilermaker five as was demonstrated by their 59 to 16 rout of Chicago’s Maroons in a game played here Saturday night.
BEIYE IT YOURSELF — LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself Systeih 314 N. 4th St. , Phone 6455
Body and Fender Straightening Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting.:-,''' ^UTO BODY SHOP 421-423 « 1 Dial 2998
Maroon: Swimmers ;Wm Diial Meet:: Purdue’s swimming team, lacking the serviced of seven regulars, suffered defeat at the hands of the Chicago University swimming team 66 to in a dual meet at the Bartlett pool Saturday, 'jhe .Boilermakers were again defeated when the Maroon water polo team scored its second Big Ten victory, 10 tel l. Showing their superiority in every event, the Maroons took first in every race. Jay Brovm, Captain Charles Wilson,; and Ployd Staffer were the best performers. Captain Wilsoh won the 440 yard event in 5:08.9, and the 220 yard race 2:18,1. Brown took the 60. yard free style in 29.5 seconds; and the 100 yard free style in 56.9 seconds.* Staffer: did some wonderful diving,
piling up 127.4 points.
marked by ragged passing and general lack of attention. The Haroons were unable to take advantage of their breaks, however, Haarlow, the highly touted scoring ace of the conference, .managing to cash in on one. and his only basket of the game. The halftime period found the visitors trailing, 20 to 6, and still ungdfie tu: penetrate: the Purdue
fense.
Fireworks Second Half Evidently Piggy .gave his hoys a few pertinent pointers at the half anent possible scoring plays: which had not as yet been used to their greatest adv^mtage; Anyway the second period started with a bang, the. Lambert crew running up 10 jpbihts in something ' like tRe three ihinutes of play. /Prom that point bn the game was clearly Purdue’s, the only question being, the amount of score they might amass in that hulf and the possibility of Haarlow butscoring Captain Bob kessler. The Haarlow question w^ settled definitely when he was retired from the gume. via the personal foul route. The hard-playing Chicago; forward' had conteibuted much to the MarOons’ game despite the close guarding of Lambert and Downey which had rendered him ineffective except for five tosses made good from the charity etripe. Many SUbslitutions Lambert made freu use Of h|s i:eserye material as the half wore on and the gam© sobn became a score-; keeper’s nightmare as mbn were substituted in groups. Ghicago, deprived of Lang, who Suffered a serious shoulder injury in a previous game and Haarlow who lefRthe game,;were powerless to stop the Boilermaker offensive machine which clicked smoothly in every department. Kessler High Scorer Scoring honors for the local five went to Kessler, who threaded the iron doughnut six times and hit once from the free throw line for a total of thirteen points'. Haarlow, with one basket from thb field and five tosses from the" foul line, led his mates with a total of seven
points.
Summary
+ +
wm
4- + > -f + BASKETBALL -f 4- 4- 4- 4- >
Today
Court 1; (Humphrey) 7:00—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta
Chi.
7:15—'Ward 8 vs. Ward 4. 8:25-r-.Ward 15 vs. Ward 9. 8:40—^Alpha Kappa Lambda Theta Tau. Court 2, (Scrivnor) 7:00—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 7:16—Ward 1-X vs. Ward 11. 8:25-^Phi Delta Theta ys. Pi;kappa ;:;:;-:/-/;:';-;''Aipha./;'-.':/;'';//; 8 :l0f^Delta: Upsiloh vs.^^^K^ Sig-
ma.
Court 3, (Abell) 7:00—^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Granima Rhe.; 7: 1&—^Phi Sjgma Kappa vs. Sigma 8:25—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Phi; Epsilom
the floor. Young foRowed his teftm mate’s record with five field goals in eleven tries, for an average of Kes was again the high scorer of the evening with 16 tallies while Jewell Young finished a close second by scoring 13 points. Statistics showed that Ptirdne more than outplayed their rivals. The Boilermakers made 66 attempts from the floor and scored on 19 of them for, a percentage of .288. Ohio State accounted for 10 goals in 92 tries for a record of .109. WhitUnger. Buckeye ace scorer, who has been near the top of the heap in conference records for the past two seasons, was so closely guarded by the Boilermaker defense that he was able to score but five points during the evening’s engagement. Pour Ohio regulars ended the game on the bench, suffering the penalty of four personal fouls. Red Lambert, injured in the second half; suffered a hip bruise but will he ready for action against Iowa Sat'urdk3r;hi^t|
Purdue (48) Kessler, f Sines; f ■Young,jf Holloway, f Elliott; c SeWuRd; c: Malaska, g
FG A' -■ 6 -1 .0 .1
F'T ■"2*' 1 3 9 0 0 3
PF ■T 2 0
Downey,
gr.iv.,...,.......0 0 .0 O' 0
Smith,
Totals. Ohio State (27) Dye, f Whitlinger, f Layboum, f Thomas, e McDonald, g Pais, g Radahaugb, g Smith; g
9 0 1 0 0 0
if a Sandwleh
a then a €H0P STEAK.
(f^: inatdi^j:
!sagli Mssafell
'r
BOILERMAKERS—; , page 1) yrhile it appeared that they Would achieve their noble efforts. Two technicals W'ete called on the Boilermakers, mUch to the disgust to the crowd who proclaimed their distaste for such conduct by paid officials. It wasn’t the minority that issued the boos last night but practically everyone in the near capacity crowd shook his head and sighed to think that the gentlemen in charge of the welfare of the boys on the floor could make so many sad mistakes in so short a time. Kessler High Point Man Bob Kessler's record on field goals was better than a .500 average last night when he accounted
Phoiie S882
May 6—DePauw at Purdue. May 9—Indiana and Northwestern at Purdue. Triangular
meet.)
May ifi^PUrdue at Illinois.
May 22-23—Big Ten Outdoor Cham-
pionships at Columbus.
May 29--Indiana State Meet at
Bloomington.
June 5-6—-Central Intercollegiate at Milwaukee, Wis.
Do You Dance? Take advantage by enrolling in our February Classes Beginners’ Opens , Wed., Peb. 12, 7:30 p. Advanced Opens Friday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p. m. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
.KEYS Keys for tranka, door lofks, desk locks, niKht latches aiid 'padlocks. .Anto. keys and handle Ip^ a spedalty.- . F. ; jos. Mulhaupt & Son. 209-11, North Fifth Street Phone 2828 'Lafayette, Ind.
Purdue (59)
FG
FT
PF
Kessler, f ....
.......6
1
2
Bruce, f .............
.............1
0
0
Sines, f...............
.............4
2
'' 2
Young, f.............
............5
2
0
Elliott, c .............
.............1
0
Seward, c
0
0
Manges, c
.......3
1
2
Malaska, g
............ 2
1
0
Budd, g ............
...........,;.l
0
3
Smith, g............
.............0
0
0
Downeyi g ........
.............1
0
0
Lambert, g ......
:.. ...2
0
3
Gummlhs, g
.............0
0
0
Totals ............
..... .....26
7
13
Chicago (16)
FG
FT
PF
Haarlow, f
/-5'
4
Rossin, f............
. .... .....0
0
0
Eggemeyer, f ..
.2
0
3
Gordon, f ..........
......0
0
0
Amundsen, c....
..............0
1
1
G. Peterson, c..
;..0
0
1
Fitzgerald, g-f
0
3
LePevre, g ......
0
2
K. Peterson, g
0
0
4
Totals ............
.........:.,..5
6
18
Referee—Kearns (DePaul). U mpire—^Lane (Cincinnati).
ALWAYS WARM From the break of da-wn ’till the last study lamp is out, houses warmed with Stpkol Automatic Stokers and Majestic air conditioning equipment stay at a ■warm even temperature. Inquire Today—'Phone 4976 MAJiSTIG Heating and Ventiiating Co. F.H> Speaker
Junior Gadet Officers To Referee ROTC Boxing Ahhouncement 'vyas made yesterday evening of thq appointment of the junior officers of the local R. 0. T. C. unit to referee and conduct the forthcoming boxing matches. Frank W- Stone was selected to head this staff named below;. These officers named here are to report to the platform in the armory immediately after corps dismissal today for instructions; J. M. Baker; N. G. Belury; J. R Burkhart; W. S. Chancellor; R. H. Dietrich; R. A. Forsell; A. F. Gahier; :C. C. Hamilton; C. L. Klaiber E. P. Krebs; G. W, Martin; C. E Reilly; R. R. Stewart, and 0. J :^Yogi.;, ■/
Union Cafeteria diners seemed to know well that butter is one of the most healthful and nourishing foods. But the Union Cafeteria used large quantities of everything last year. It seems that when,Purdue people once ate at the Union, they realized that thejr had gone far enough in their search for a permanent dining place.
To the student and facuM® member who is looking for aome place better for a place to eat. We suggest the Union Cafeteria fod^. Yon’ll enjoy your friends^ far^ifm faces, the mimical, entertainment, and above all, the delicious, wholesome food.
the Corner College Activities,**
>4
'
:
'■iii
'V' I '4witoiisd’' A%:
If^j TOliWi^lITERS ADDING MAj,w^|;^.'''!|6hINES—For sale* rent, repaired ||;|j^tva»d Wght. Multigraph and mimeegraph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, Ao5 Main St. Phone 2779. Wanted—Young man to share ||;':l-'t|!'^V4ottble robto. Close to campus. 606 'W.' Stadium St.
I “ if%
'fi
Lost—^Works of Westfield watch. Reward call Monroe, 6021.
Wanted—Student to share comfortable room. Dial 71643.
» •. Patterson Puppet Show, Trinity Church, Peb. 10. Adults 16c, children 10c.
Student Bundle Laundry—^Individual attention, reasonable prices, including mending. Dial 61442.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. ai.
WBAA Tedinical Staff—Meeting in room 254, E. E. Building, tonight at 8:15. Bring schedule cards. —HAMMOND.
Shall and Crescent—^Meeting changed to tomorrow night at 7:30 in Union. —CRAIG.
Pi Tan Sigma—^Meeting in reading room at 4 today. —RITCHEY.
Religious Council—^Meeting tonight at 7 in the Y. W. C. A. office. —HAYNES. Y. W. C. A. Art Group—Meeting in the women’s lounge of Union at 4 today. —BENNEWITZ.
P. I. A. orchestra—^Rehearsal tonight at t in the tower room. —DAY. Glider Club—Open meeting tomorrow evening at 7 in reception noom of Union. Motion pictures of gliding will be shown.’ —WOOD.
Student Senate—^Meeting tonight at ? in reception room of Union. —STONE. Union Workers—Committees for this semester are; Jump—Jewett, Thompson, McGrane, Thomas, Westermeier, Scholle, Rush, Briggs, S. T. Sheets, McCloud, Teeley, Wyman, Richey, Holtman. Sholer—Claypool, Miller, Barton, Thiel, Colby, Williamson, Scatteiday, J. E. Sheets, Core, Cox, Steckel, Mytinger,. iPrick, Ristow. Pugh—Uoulway, Putse, Simonton, Bills, Brown, Cross, Craig, Schaefer, Swaidi, Poor, Martel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton. Shoemaker—Stallings, Marshall, C, Mueller, Wantland, Blank, Linville, Evans, Vogal, Chapin, Perkins, Best, Pike, Trueblood. Clark—^Wright, Fatout; Seaborg, Roquemore, Bateman, Schunt, Fitts, Weigant, Wethereld, Ford, McKinsey, Gillespie, Dorothy and Kathryn, Morehouse. Ohaver—^Reid, R. J. Mueller, Kellner, Morrison, Jones, Ganet, Swan, Bowman, Bain, Lyon, Martin, Jarrett. Quiggle—Pforsheimer, Gibson, ]^ith, Herbert, Merlin, Favorite, Brattain, Hess, Roper, Louis, Means, Richards, Amsden, Hammond. Kuehn— Baine, Lyon, Martin, Jarrett, Ford, McKinsey, Gillespie, Dorothy and Kathryn Morehouse, Perkins, Trueblood. Grimm— Poor Markel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton, McCloud, Kelly, Richey, Wynn, Moltman, Best. Anspach—Louis, Richards, Amsden, Hammond, Cox, Steckel, Mytinger, Fricke, Ristow, Pyke. —FULLER.
Fraternity l Athletic Managers — Submit class “B” basketball entry blanks to intramural office before 4 today. —HAMILTON.
Freshman Fencers—Practice will continue today at 4. —FOWLER.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Public Affairs Group—^Meeting in Y. W. C. A. office at 4 today. —TEMPLETON.
Engineer—^Meeting of all sophomores in the Engineer office at 7:16 tonight. —LINDQUIST.
Co-ed Fencing—Meeting in the Women’s Gym at 7:80 tonight. —HADLEY.
Co-ed Ping-Pong—^The following games must be played at 4 today in the Women’s Gym: Wolfe vs. Richey, Craig vs. McClary, Boehm vs. Arnold, Scudder vs. Deer, and Reith vs. Means. —DIETRICH.
Co-ed Volleyball—Schedule for today at 4: Pi Beta Phi vs. W. R. H. in large gym; Ward 2 vs. Alpha Xhi Delta in the small gym. At 4:30: Ward 1 vs. Ward 4 in the large gym, Alpha Chi Omega vs. Chi Omega in the small gym. —SCUDDER.
Co-ed Swimming—Lifesaving classes at 7:30 tonight. —RUSSELL.
Co-ed Riflery—Meet tonight with following schedule: freshmen, 7:00; sophomores, 7:15 ; juniors, 7:30; seniors, 7:45. Teams are freshmen vs. juniors and sophomores vs. seniors. —McQUEEN.
Today Forestry club meeting, Horticul tural Building, room 301, 7:00-10:00
p. m.
Tomorrow Horticultural Society, Hort. Bldg., room 202, 7:00-9:00 p. m. A. S. C. E. meeting. Civil Engineering Building, room 201, 7:009:00 p. m. A. S. M. E. meeting. Mechanical Engineering Building, room 207, 7:00-10:00 p. m. Motion picture and lecture. Thursday Winter Course Society meeting, Ag. Building, assembly room, 6:009:00 p. m. Friday Interfraternity Ball, Memorial' Union ballroom, 9:00-1:00 a. m. Cosmopolitan Club, informal dance. Union Building, faculty lounge, 8 p. m. Saturday Basketball—Purdue at Iowa. Phi Kappa Psi informal dance chapter house, 9:00-12:00.
HadrldiV (By L. D,. Wood) An interesting side issue of the Chicago game here last. Saturday night is the comparison between Captain Bob Kessler, of the Purdue five, and Captain Bill Haarlpw, of the Maroons. Last “seasoh Haarlbw lead the conference in scoring with Kessler in second place. To date Haarlow has paced the conference this season with Kessler -farther down the ledger. However the total scores and percentages of both men in this game this week-end are interesting. Before he left the game on personal fouls, Haarlow had fired a total of nineteen times at the elusive iron ring but had managed to ring the bell only once. This gives him a percentage of about 6.25% (if we can still trust our slipsticks.) At the foul stripe his percentage jumped quite a lot. He toed the charity stripe a total of eight times arid mariaged to connect five. Without a sliderule we can tell you that this gives him a percentage of 62.6 per cent.
Kessler
Kessler fired 21 times at the basket and succeeded in ringing up 6 good ones. Laborious calculations seem to make his percentage about 28.6%. However the story-from the free throw alley is a little different. Out of eight attempts here he managed to hit only once. Thus we can credit him with 12.5% in this department of the game. Figures on the two teams reveal that Lambert’s crew took seventyseven tries at the basket and connected 26 times for a team average of 31.2%. Chicago heaved away for an even 60 but succeeded in hitting only 5 for a team average of 8.3%.
WBAA
Always bn the aiert to give ydu better cleaning ser'ifice^ winning new triends every day. It has been necessary to add 6 new Dodge trucks to our fleet to properly handle our continuously growing business. ,
Today 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:20—Frank Hall, news caster. 11:30—Charlotte Stewart, soprano. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Chemistry Today. 12:15—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12 :30—McLean’s Music Trio.
Hearst-inspired charges that Communism was being taught in District of Columbia schools have been squashed by a special committee.
FINE
CLEANERS
O F
FINE
CLOTHES
Co-ed Fencing Classes Reopen Co-eds will be given their ^st opportunity to join the beginning fencing classes tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. Due to the success of the first classes. Jack Silverman, captain of the varsity fencing team, who has been in charge of co-ed fencing, has announced this reopening for interested co-eds. In the future, a definite schedule for classes will be posted, so that each girl will receive more individr ual attention.
team, while Luxton and Burkle, who scored seven consecutive points, led their team to victory. The second game featured successful rallying by Ward 1 to defeat the Women’s Edsidence Hall, 37 to 11. Dunwoody and Harlan were outstanding players for Ward 1. The Alpha Chi’s defeated Ward 3, 23 to 16, in the fastest game of the afternoon Kelly and Piper led the losing team in a valiant defense but Rawels’ skillful serves
Dormer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Chi O’s Win In Co-ed Volleyball Tourney In the first game yesterday of the co-ed intramural volleyball tournament in the Women’s Gym, the Chi O’s defeated the Alpha Xi’s 50 to 15. Jones and Bush were the outstanding players on the losing
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
brought victory to the Alpha Chi’s. Excellent team work was displayed in the fourth game which the Kappa’s won from Ward 4, 38 to 14. Ruth and Elizabeth Maier were the outstanding players on the losing team, while Pitch, Charles Richey, and Scudder, who scored 11 consecutive ppints, played good games.
LYLE E. FISHER Watclmiaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
Drink Milk for More Energy CaU JOHNSO Phone 413S2
The number of unemployed in the 16-24 age group has doubled since 1930.
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldgr. Phosto 87#& Corner 4th and Main
MOk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
Wesley 'Players—Spring tryouts today, 4 to 7 p. m., at Wesley Foundation. —McFADDEN.
Union Workers—^Freshman and sophomore girls meet in Union office at 4 today. Important! —ANSPACH, KUEHN.
Forestry Club—Meeting tonight in room 301 of the Horticulture Building at 7. A three-reel movie will be shown. —CRAIG.
Alpha Phi Ome^—Important meeting tomorrow evening in the Union, room 2. ESection of officers. —MYERS.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
DR. A. M. miON . Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
SPARBENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
/^2/
This picture shows how the Jamestown Colonists exchanged tobacco for brides. ' V. ^ ^ They paid ‘ ‘120 pounds of the best leaf' ’ for transportation ofeach future wife who came to the New World from England,
Jlz /936 —
And here is a picture of the modern auction warehouse of today where the same type of leaf tobacco is sold on the open market to the highest bidder.
There is no substitute for mild, ripe tobacco to make a good cigarette—and there never will be ...and that is the kind we buy for Chesterfield Cigarettes.
In the tobacco buying sea- All these tobacco men are
son Liggett & Myers Tobac- trained in the tobacco busico Company buyers will be ness, and are schooled in the found at 75 markets where Liggett & Myers tradition the Bright type of tobacco that only mild, ripe tobacco is sold, and 46 markets where is good enough for Chester-
Burley and other types of to- field Cigarettes.
bacco are sold.
Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
.. for mildness .. for better
taste
01936. Liggktt & MYfiRs Tobacco Co.