N
Kf;,
i
f
im ratulai
the Purdue
nh ' *1 iHm
Exponent
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana J^ovember 23, 1937 NUMBER 60
Aif Iasi- the Old Oaken Bucket has returned. The manner in which the an* nuat classic was w6n is what stahds out, however. First there was the loss of Head Coach Noble Kizer for th^ entire season. Then a series of disheartening breaks resulted in the loss of the Northwestern game. This defeat, coupled with two other losses—to Ohio State and Fordham, would have broken the spirit of most teams* Instead, you turned about and fought harder than ever. ''Tell Bo we are coming down to Bloomington to lick Indiana" said Mai Elward at Thursday night's pep session. You seniors and other members of the squad were determined to get that Bucket and you did- Congratulations, team. People still ^alk about the teams of 1929 and other years but your battle against I. U. will make you be remembered as lohg as any of the squds of other years. —^The Exponent Staff.
Humphrey,
Priestley To Ta in Second Lect
Immediately after tonight’s lecture convocation the Student Union will hold a reception for J. B. Priestley in the main lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Refreshments will be setved. All students are invited to attend according to Frances Eastburn, Student Union vice-president.
J. B. Priestley, noted English novelist, dramatist, essayist, and critic, will speak at this year’s second lecture convocation on “The American Responsibility” tonight at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium. A native of Yorkshire, England, he was born in 189... After serving in the infantry during the World War, he attended Cambridge University, where he distinguished himself in literature and history.
Becomes Famous
Having already established himself as an essayist and critic in London, he became internationally famous with the publication of “The Good Comnamons.” “Midnight on the Desert,” a recent publication, is rated by critics as his most out-
standing work.
“Dangerous 'Corner” and several others of his plays have been successfully produced in the past few years. A column of litei’ary criticism by him is widely read in England. He possesses degrees from Cambridge, St. Andrews, and Color-
ado Universities.
Society Offers Cash
Dairy Club Students Gather In Smith Hall Sixty Dairy Club students gatheied in Smith Hall last night to see motion pictures, eat ice cieam, and heal repoits of judging teams just leturned from contest trips. Mr. Conation and Mr. Walters, of 'the Chen y-Burrell company, dairy Equipment manufacturers, presented two motion films, “The Soaker Type Bottle Washer” and “The Nuline Bottle Filler.” Reports on the dairy manufacturing pioduction judging team and on the dairy products judging team pointed out that the former finished sixth out of 25 teams at the national contest in Columbus, Ohio, while the latter came out tenth among 18 teams at New Orleans, La. Karl FreeSe, member of the products team, showed some snapshots which he collected on the southern
trip.
Home E( Staff Members, Sfudents See Chicago Firms On Week-End Trip . Members of the home economics staff and students went to Chicago Friday and Saturday for a field trip which was sponsored by the Home Economics Women in Business organization. The paity visited Swift Company, Armour Company, and Sears Roebuck’s testing laboratory as well as Carson, Pirie, Scott and Company. The heads o^f the various departments of these firms told the girls of the opportunities, problems, and facts which will confront them when they graduate. ' The gioup that made the trip include Miss Ruth Houghton, director of the placement service; Miss Philena Palmer, Miss Margaret Beeman, and Miss Ardath Unrau were the faculty members; Grace Kirkland, Lois Kirkland, Emma Bixler, Mary Knapp, Elizabeth Pyke, Rita Bush, Alice Kelly, and Isabella Spaulding were students who completed the party. J. R. Osborn, CE ’30, is now employed as a graduate assistant in Civil Engineering at Texas A. and M. College, and is working towards his master’s degfee in highway engineering.
Lectures Tonight
1 Lead ’38 Grid Team
er Enthusiasts Praise In Union
J. B. Priestley, noted jfenglish lecturer, who will address the year’s second lecture convocation tonight in Memorial Gymnasium.
T
Of Extra lay
Prizes of $300, $200, and $100 are being offered b|y the New Historic Society, New York City, for the three best papers, written before March 15, 1938, of not more than 2,000 words on the subject: “How Can Cultural and Social Values of Racial Minorities in the United States and Its Outlying Possessions and Territories Be Adjusted and Harmonized?” Competition is op'en to every nationality and race, residing, either permanently or temporai’ily, in the United States and its territories and island possessions. Among the nine judges of the award committee aie James Weldon Johnson, visiting professor of creative writing at New York Uni-ver-sity and author of “The Negro; The Test of Dem,ocracy in America” and Ernest Gruening, director of Division of Territories and Island Possessions, Department of Inter-
ior. ’
Eled Kraybill President Of Ag Chemists' Association Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the University’s agricultural chemistry department, and also State Chemist and Seed Commissioner, was recently elected president of the Association of Official Agricultural Chemists at an annual meeting held recently in Washington, D. C. During the past year, Dr. Kraybill has been vice-president of the Association and presided oyer the regular sessiotl of the ahnuAl meeting. He has been a meihbhr of the organization’s editofidl board for the blEist nihfe years and hfiS setved oh the ekeeutive comWiittee fdr the laSb years.
“Membei s at the faculty and executive meeting did not mention extra holiday's following Thanksgiving
Day.”
Thus spoke Dean M. L. Fisher last night when asked about rumors that University academic activities will come to a halt for three days following the national holiday. “A hasty decision to declare a continuance of the holiday is not likely” continued Dean Fisher. “President Elliott or the Executive Committee is not prone to making quick decisions that effect the administrations or the students’ welfare. Tickets Now Available For Black And Tan Fantasy Tickets for the Student Union production, Black and Tan Fantasy, will be distributed at 4 p. m. Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons in the Union lobby. There are 540 tickets left for the afternoon performance at 1:15 p. m., and 360 tickets remain for the evening show i at 7:45 p. m. Tickets are free to this Thanksgiving Day production and upon presentation of identification cards, tickets may be obtained. All seats are reserved and all reservations will be cancelled if places are not taken by the scheduled curtain
houi.
Prof. R. J. Greenly Talks At Industrialist's' Meeting^ Prof. Russell J. Greenly spoke on “Supervisory Training” at a meetii»g of the Illinois Manufacturers’ Association held recently at Chicago, the fifth of ^ series of weekly industrial relations meetings. Professor Greenly, a member of the division of education and applied psychology, specializes in trades and’ industrial relations. Hans C. Anderson, CE ’34, is now employed as ah Industrial Engineer with thq Carhegie-Illinois Steel Corporation of Gary, Indiana. *
500 Boilermakers—football players, loyal Purdue fans, former gridiron greats, and dignitaries of the football world—met last r^ight in the ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union in ope of the finest and most successful of all the annual football banquets that the Lafayette Kiwanis Club has ever sponsored for the football team. Not enough seats could be found for the Purdue backers who mobbed the scene when the teams elected Joe Mihal and" Paul Humphrey as Co-captains of next year’s varsity squad and Cec Isbell as the most valuable player on
this year’s squad.
Annual TurkeyDay Minstrel Show To Star Pony Chorus Hey! Quiet! Hold it down a minute, will you ? Millholland, whadaya wanna do about—Quiet!!! Pat, will ya hit that lick again? The third pony from the right was hoofing out of hoof. Hey, Marge, do you want to go through your number now? Okay, let’s have it! Quiet, every-
body!
That is a few seconds of a rehearsal for the Student Union’s annual Thanksgiving Minstrel Show, which will be presented in a smoother manner in the ball room of the Memorial Union Building oSi Thanksgiving Day, with fewer interruptions — at least that’s what Bill Millholland and Bud Taylor and Frankie Easfburn promise. Let’s all be there to check up on them. Now, heie’s some insidestuff: From where we sat last night—in everybody’s way — it looked as though those Sexton sisters, Betty Jo and Rufina, have whipped the pony chorus into pretty good shape. It’s not usually safe to play the nags, but you can’t go wi’ong; here —it’s a field of eight, and every one a winner. Pat Clinton and the Boys, of Varieties fame, will furnish sweltering swing for the various specialities, which include songs by Marge Starrett and Eve Ruth, several stomps by the ponies, and old Flash-Foot, Don Muller. Jerry Ciral has cooked up some impersonations in the usual ridiculous Ciral style, and all in all things look pretty good for the Union Building’s fifteenth birthday
party.
The Hon. Michael L. Fansler, Judge of the Indiana Supreme Court and a former member of the Notre Dame team of 1902, ’03, and ’04, was the principle speaker of the evening and reminisced of the days when he played against Purdue in the initial years of the century. And as another “P” was added to the “Old Oaken Bucket,” Judge Fansler pointed to another bad break which Purdue would have to overcome—this “P’’ link was the thirteenth letter in the
chain.
Makes Elliott Custodian Marty Schreyer, captain of this year’s squad, made Pres. Elliott, since “he was a permanent fixture at Purdue,” custodian of the “Bucket” as Joe Mihal and Paul Humphrey promised that the bucket’s stay in Lafayette would be a prolonged visit. In accepting the “Old Oaken Bucket,” Pres. Elliott took a hint from the national administration and suggested a new order to be formed at Purdue called “Bucket
Security^’
R. C. Woodworth, athletic director, read a telegram from “Nobe” Kizer in Albuquerque, N. M., recommending that the varsity be awarded gold footballs with the “Purdue 13-Indi-ana 7” ingraved, and announced that the forementioned trophies had already been ordered. T,wo Purdue All-Americans, Red Slade, tackle, and “Pest” Welch, halfback, added to the color of the occasion ?ind provided Dr^ Elliott with more material for his endless supply of anecdotes. Presents' Awards Coach Mai Elward made the varsity letter awards and each player was saluted as he received his award. Lowell Deckdf^ varsity full(Continued on page 2)
Health Officials Exhume Ashes Of Deceased Indiana
By I. N. Diana Health Department officials yesterday caused the exhumation of the ashes of Miss Indiana, Bloomington belle who was cremated last week. They would not explain their actions, but one of their stooges let the fantastic truth slip out. Zachisbellitis Pighidoccus, insidious bacillus that brought the untimely death of Miss Indiana, is contagious, hereditary, and septic. Boilermakers Not Affected Peculiarly enough, however, this treacherotis germ which induced Yellow Jitteritis in Indiana’s pride and joy, would have an opposite effect on Purdue’s Boilermakers. Even during the off season it would make them raving football maniacs Every Crimson sweater would en-
rage them to murderous line bucks and coffin corner kicks. For the protection of innocent bystanders this had to be stopped. So the health department dug up the putrescent ashes of Miss Indiana. Humdrum inspectors got the surprise of their life when they opened
the casket!
Ashes Form Pump Handle Miss Indiana’s dusty red ashes had formed themselves in the shape of a badly busted pump handle! The awed crowd who gathered round as the news spread removed their hats in respect to the jesting Fate that thus arranged ashes to symbolize how high-riding Indiana bumped its southern exposure on a frozen football field, and lost the traditional Old Oaken Bucket.
Green Potters To Elect Officers In Armory Tonight Meeting in the Armory tonight at 7 o’clock, freshmen will elect a president and vice-president of Green Potters. Skull and Crescent will supervise the election, which will get under way at 7 o’clock with nominations from the floor—as many as ajre offered. Skull and Crescent officers are keeping the method of balloting a secret. One of the outstanding events these officers participate in is the leading of pot burning. As the election takes place an hour before convocation, every freshman will be able to participate. Passports will be necessary to gain admission to the Armory. Welders Will Meet Here In December Latest ideas in welding, which is taking a constantly growing place in industry, will be brought out at the thirteenth anpual conference on welding to be held at the University, December 9 and 10. The meeting will be under the direction of the department of practical mechanics, and the engineering extension department, with the manufacturers and users of welding equipment cooperating. The program will consist of lectures, demonstrations, and educational exhibits. Authorities in various kinds of welding will appear on the program to discuss such topics as the physiochemical basis of welding. X-ray technique for inspecting welds, design and fabrication of welded parts, and other similar topics. The men discussing these subjects are specialists in their fields, and represent some of the foremost welding companies in the counti-y. Prof. Frank Hall Paints Vivid Pidure Description OfJapanese-ChineseWar Painting a vivid word picture of the Japanese-Chinese situation, and the war in Spain, Prof. Fi-ank Hall, of the department of history^ economics and government, spoke at the monthly luncheon of the agricultural staff in the Memorial Union Building yesterday. Hall discussed events of the last century in the Orient and showed how the present tx-obles there have been the outgrowth of difficulties in Chinese relations with the outside world since 1840. He also mentioned the Brussels conference which is now underway, and the efforts being made to fettle international problems by that
groiqp.Ill lyiiiiiijiiiiiiiiii,
K”! V
s '
II
M, |c^/ K' P'te'. i«f4
fe'-'4 Plfe-v-I
tHE PURDIIE EXPONENT
TuesdaY* November 23,19^7
A Rosy Editorial... ... is frequently what is written when there is space to fill and nothing of consequence to say. This editorial is rosy, there is space to fill, but there is also something to be said, said for the best footbal Iteam in the world—the BOILERMAKERS. Purdue’s team will not be named national champions this year; it didn’t win the conference title; as a matter of fact they won only as many games as they lost in the Big Ten. However, when a bunch of underdogs can play against odd^ that practically every sports coinmentator in the country claimed to be too formidable for even the remotest chance of success, and come out on top—^when they can win the one game of the schedule that really counts more than any other—then no words of praise are too good for them. The Boilermakers did just that Saturday. Every Purdue student has forgotten and forgiven the team’s previous defeats in the light of the shining win over Indiana. Nothing but words of praise for the team can be heard on every corner. Purdue’s team is the best little team that ever won from I. U. Purdue’s team is the best little team that ever BROUGHT BACK THAT BUCKET. —J. E. B. EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
the Purdue Exponent
l^ssocinted CfolUdiate '^rcss . HADtSON WISCOHSIH Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Ck>nKree8 of Hanh 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan.'20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year: by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertisi??gService,ls?c. College Publishers Representative ’ 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y,; CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - san Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union' Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chitt
Basiness Managrer
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor...... J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. ,Bailey, L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary....... : ...Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. J. P. Qirard National Advertising Manager..... W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager ! —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager ..M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor ; ..Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor _..... - R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors....— J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opin-' ions in it,-unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Lpveridge Night Editor—Vance Tuesday, November 23, 1937
Letters to the Editor
Union Cafeteria Goes Racketeer Dear Editor: It appear sthat certain practices of the Union Cafeteria should be severely criticized, especially in view of the recent Exponent advertisements which apparently set up the cafeteria as a standard for eating institutions everywhere. When practices closely akin to racketeer ing are adopted by private business, we can call the police, but when such practices are adopted by a socialistic enterprise such as the Union Cafteria, the best thing to do is to complain. The practice of giving butter free with some dinner rolls, and charging extra for it with others amounts al most to a racket in itself, since a person forgetting to get butter with the variety of dinner rolls that have butter furnished free never has his oversight called to his attention; now, however, they call his attention to lack of butter when he gets dinner rolls for which huttter is extra. The victim thinks they are trying to be helpful and believes that the huttter should go free with the rolls he has bought, so gets butter and then finds that they are actually charging exti’a for it. If that isn’t a racket what is? I would like to hear the comments of those responsible for this condition. The whole thing can be cleared up easily by having small signs at the dixmer roll counter showing just what types of rolls have butter as a free accessory. —Student.
By Sally McKee Do you remember the ten commandments from Mrs. Meigs’ etiquette school which we printed the other day? Some of them do not apply directly to college life, but we’re going to try to interpret them for you. The sixth commandment was “Thou must not leap like a firehoi’se at the alarm when 5 o’clock comes.” Very few of. us hear a 5 o’clock bell, but,all of us have bells at 10 minutes before the hour which mark the end of our classes. Here it is the WE leap like fire horses. Regardless of -where the lecturer is in his lecture^ we stand up and start scrambling into our overcoats.
Some of these instructors have actually become so sensitive to the sound of the bell that they don’t bother to finish their sentences, just turn away with a shrug of the shoulders. ' When the bells were first installed the professors were justly annoyed at the noisy things. Their annoyance would have been even greater had they guessed that their audiences would take these rings as notice of the time to get into coats, not as a notice to the instructor speedily to complete his story. Useful though the hells be, there who sit on either side of the lecturer’s rostrum should consider the other and not think of the bell either as “the crack of doom” or “Gab riel’s horn.”
Letter Awards(Continued from page 1)
back, who came back this year after his injury in the locker room fire last year to find that his legs were unable to stand that strain of a full time position, was applauded the most and received the greatest ovation given to any Purdue football player at the banquet last night.' Although Elmer Layden was unable to attend the dinner, it could hardly have been more of a success in tkh eyes of the persons attending. “Pest” Welch commented on the size and enthusiasm and complimented the Kiwanis club for their fine program. The complete list of letter awards follows: Major Letters-— A. G. Botney, Glen Rogers, W. Ya.; H. W. Bremer, Saginaw, Mich.; W. E. Britt, West Lafayette; L. J. Brock, Stafford, Kas.; J. S- Brown, Indianapolis; P. P. Bykowski, South Bend; L, W. Decker, Reading, Mich.; Leon DeWitte, Mishawaka; R. P. Paris, Indianapolis; J. P. Pitzgerald, Ravenna, 0; A. R. Grant, Terre Haute; T. E. Hennis, Chicago, 111.; P. E. Humphrey, Terre Haute; A. S. Ippolito, Chicago, 111. Cecil Isbell, Houston, Tex.; Cody Isbell, Houston, Tex.; L. A. Johnson, Millington, 111.; A. M. Juska, Chicago, 111.; W, W. Knorr, St. Louis, Mo.; H. G. Krause, Chicago, 111.; J. P. Krause, Hammond; J. R. Maloney, Oak Park, 111.; Joe Mihal, Gary; A. E. Morningstar, Massilon, 0.; J. R. Nesbitt, Jenner, Pa.; B. E. Petry, Terre Haute; J. D. Powell, Port Wayne; M. A, Schreyer, South Bend, R. E. Selby, Mansfield, 0.; A. R. Shackleton, Joliet, III.; G. G. Spehn, Chicago, 111.; S. J. Thursby, N. Tonawanda, N. Y;; W. L. Vergane, Michigan City; C. J. Verplank, Lafayette; P. J. Winchell, Southport; C. J. Woltman, South Bend; J, E. Zachary, Princeton. Minor Letters-— L. J. Diehl, Baldwin, N. Y,; A. W. Klika, Green Bay, Wis.; P. T. Mackiewicz, Chicago, 111.; R. J. Vy-^
verberg, Lafayette; J. L. Welsch, Hempstead. N. Y.; Glen Brown, Milford, manager; J. R. Campbell, Logansport, manager. “B” Team Awards— R. G. Ainslie, W. Lafayette; Jack Ainsworth, Noblesville; J. A. Dilts, Winamac; D. R. Poster, Mishawaka; P. D. Preeman, South Bend; G. N. Gale, Mishawaka; R. H. Herbert, Terre Haute; R. W. Lehr, Noblesville; P. C. Liebrecht-, Yonkers, N. Y,; C. W. Mann, West Lafayette;; P. H. Montague, Noblesville; R. G. Potter, Sioux Palls, S. Dak.; N. P. Poulos, Dayton, 0.; P. A. Pugh, Ridge Parm, 111.; A. P. Raebel, St. Louis, Mo.; R. ReuBoiu, Harvey 111.; A. N. Thom, Noblesville; W. G. VanSant, Pitman, N. J.; R. D. White, Boston, Mass. Freshman Varsity Numerals— L. Aramovich, Rockford, 111.; T. P. Axton, Prospect, Ky.; H. S. Ba det. South Bend; R. W. Berry, Michigan City; P. Bussard, Woi’thington; M. Bylene, Massillon, 0.; L. Carter, Lafayette; E. C. Cook, Mishawaka; K. B. Correll, Oblong, 111.; G. W. Danner, Elgin, 111.; P. L. Danowski, Mattituck, L. I., N. Y. G. H. Doherty, Point Pleasant, Mich.; W. J. Donnelly, Sullivan; W. L. Fegley, Terre Haute; T. L. Gardner, Louisville, Ky.; R. E Greensburg, Whiting; F. A. Gustainis, Melrose Park, 111.; J. P. Gutting, Shelbyville; J. T. Halbert, Logansport; F. H. Harrison, Chicago, 111.; H. W. Heinrich, Hebron; M Kampo, Whiting; R. H. Kilgore, Akron, 0.; W. B. Kinyon, Elmhurst, 111. • W. J. Klein, Barbei’ton, 0.; G- S. Kowalchuk, Chicago, 111.; J. H. Kunkel, Indianapolis; D. M. Liebengood, Kentland; A. W. Long, Attica; J. Lukawski, Buffalo, N. Y.; F. T. McGinnis, Cleveland, 0.';- E. M, McIL wain, Campbell, N. Y.; M. Mackey, West Lafayette; N. Mehes, Terre Haute; J. H. Miller, Massillon, C5.; R. H. Miller, Port Wayne; D. M. Nau, Hammond; IW. J. Neff, Madison, Wis.; R. V. Ostheimer, Lafayette; J. Petty, Lebanon, Pa.; W. J. Pitcher, Dayton, O. , B. M, Poiifroni, Terre Haute.; D. W. Rankin, Warsaw; C. W. Raynor, Chicago, 111,; G./ C. Reinke, South Bend; A. N. Rossi, Pekin, 111; H. J. Schaich, Lafayette; A. J, Schmidt, Teri’e Haute; R. F. Sheppard, Buffalo, N. Y.; F. M. Smith, Marion; B. Sparks, Rushville;'W. C, Stevens, E. Cleveland, O. J; W. Stevenson, Terre Haute; W. F. Taylor, Lafayette; H. F. Timmerman, New Albany; J. Toth, South Bend; D. E. Travis, Clairsville, 0,; W. E. Trombley, Lansing, Mich,; T. A. Tykocki, Lansing, Mich.; F. W. Vollmer, Roosevelt, L. I., N. Y.; J. F. Wadsworth, Barberton, O.; J. jR. Watson, Springfield, 111.; P. J, Weber, Plainfield; H. B. Williams, Greenwood; J. H,. Winchell, Southport; D. L. Yeager, Riverside, California; Joe E. Kerwin, Kansas City, Mo.; R. Stephenson, Plymouth.
Uproarious Boilermakers . . . rejoicing (that’s hardly the propier word to describe the a,ntics as debauchery i.s more nearly correct) that the team didn’t boot away It’s chances of BRINGING BACK THE BUCKET, certainly booted the gong around. What's wrong with doing what Indiana has done in formen years . . . we won the bucket back so let’s win back a FULL THANKSGIVING HOLIDAY. Wonder what significance these words have for 12 Alpha Chis '. . . Bloomington . . . Turner . .. Number 28 . . . This might be titled “The Ii-ony of Fate” ... or “Big Bill’s Bungle.” It concerns William Vergane, who pampered a knee injury throughout the football season. His knee was still in fine shape Saturday after the last game but that night he threw it out of joint in the rear seat of an automobile. William, you should restrict your sport activity to such “less dangerous sports” as football, lacrosse, and hockey. Bloomington, Ind. November 21, 1937 Dear Purdue Students: We love you. You are such gentle reserved and mannerly people. Why in making a careful inspection of our property this morning we found that you had doine absolutely no damage. We discovered no broken furniture, spilled food, shattered dishes, or broken bottles. Since you conducted yourselves so remarkably well, we unhesitatingly offer you our sincerest congratulations on your victory and hope you keep the bucket in Lafayette and never have to come back here for it again. Sincerely yours. The Bloomington Hotels. Could they be spoofing ? Those who have Monday, Wednesday, Friday classes this week are wishing they hadn’t ... each day is a penalty day. Gimlet show, Thanksgiving, Gimlet initiation, convo. Black and Tan Fantasy . . this should be a busy week with much stuff happening.
How about some contribs for those juicy Mars passes. Wesley Foundation Party To Honor Foreign Students Wesley Foundation will honor^ students from other lands with their annual Thanksgiving reception and party on Wednesday evening at 8 p. m. at the Wesley Fpundation House, 43.5 State street. Dean Fisher, Miss Clare Coolidge, Dr. Hadley, and Rev. and Mrs. McFadden, will receive guests. A mu-’ sical program will precede the tdble games and refreshments. Samuel Keller, a graduate of the Indiana school of music, and * Katherine Shearer will sing, and instrumental music will be furnished by W. D, McEachron ,and Becky Anne andHojvard Pervine. YWCA Holds Thanksgiving Vesper Services Today Informal vesper services, sponsored by YWCA, in observance of Thanksgiving will be held this afternoon at 4:00 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dorothy Goan, vicepresident of YWCA, has planned a musical program. I Martha Smith will lead group singing, after which she will sing “Thanks Be To God.” Jane Anderson will play several liarp selections and some of James Whitcomb Riley’s poems will Reread, Paf Clini-oii To Play For Thanksgiying Tea Dance Pat Clinton’s orchestra will (furnish the music for a tea dance in the Union ballroom Thanksgiving Day from 3:30 to 6:30 p. m. The dance is free to every one, but only icouples will be admitted.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li
‘I wrote my Congressman for an appointment to West Point but this is the best he could do for me.”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
LEARN TO DANCE Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. Adult Tap Class Opens Thursday, Dec. 2 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
LU^ TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THEIR LOVE IS NEWS AGAIN! . . . and this time they mean it \A/ilh all their hearts I
^ TYRONE POWER LORETTA 'M YOUNG ’ .Second BonefinoosTy STUART ERWIN CLAIRE TREVOR MARJORIE WEAVER LYLE TALBOT J. Edward BROMBERG
TODAY - We6nESDA
NESDAY,
DOUBLE FEATURE
GARY COOPER GEORGE RAFT . I in Souls at Sea —PLUS— Gertrude Michael in “Sophie Lang Goes West”
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
COOPER JEAN ARTHUR Cecil B.OeMlifes PlAmSMAN" and
LiAid
TODAY-TOMOEROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
YANHEHIN ^MARSH Richard Lane • Alan Bruce . Willie BestTudMloy. Noveiii|>er 23* 1937
THE PUBDUE EXP61«ENT
Lockers Available For Students At Purdue
Gym And Fieldhouse
Purdue’s new Gym and Fieldhouse is now Open and ready fdr all in-* door sports. Work on the building has progi’essed rapidly, since the cornerstone was laid last May 1. All students are invited by athletic department officials to come over and take a Idok around. To Obtain A Locker There are certain things to do in case a student would like to obtain a locker. After paying a one dollar deposit at the cashier’s office and obtaining a receipt, a student takes the receipt to the student health service for the necessary approval. The next and final step is to present the receipt to George Craig at the check-out window on the ground floor of the Fieldhouse. N,o one will be given a locker who does not have a good pair of basketball or tennis shoes. For those not wishing permanent, lockers, transient lockers are available for a few at a time. Sports Equipment Available Basketball, wrestling, boxing, badminton, volleyball, one wall handball, and gymnastics are a few of the indoor sports for which equipment is available in the new Gym. The intramural department has changed its offices from the old location in the Memorial Gym to room 111 in the new Fieldhouse.
Basketball
—^Today— COURT 1—Leppla, referee. 7:00—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Triangle. 7:15—Theta Xi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8:25—Phi Sigma Kappa,vs. Theta Tau. 8:40—Pi Kdppa Alpha vs. Theta Chi COURT 2—Captain, referee.
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, NOV. 27 Ballet and Tap Classes ENROLL NOW
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
7:00—TKE vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 7:15—SAE vs. TEP. ' 8:25—SAM vs. Sigma Pi. 8:40—SPE vs. Sigma Nu. COURT 3—Phelps, referee. ^ 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Acacia. 7:15—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:25—Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:40—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa.
Touchball
—T^oday— Field 3—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi.—Boyer-Billings. 5—Phi Delta Theta Vs. Phi Kappa Tau—Juillard- Smiths on. Cary Hall 8— North 2 vs. East 3—Leppla. 9— North 3 vs. Annex—Kerber. 10—East 2—vs. East 1—^VanHook.
Saturday's Session Ends Conference Of Educators
Prudence Cutright, assistant superintendent of the Minneapolis public schools, and Dr. Harry J. Baker, director of Detroit public schools’ psychological clinic, spoke at the final session, Saturday morning, of the two-day Guidance Conference which last week attracted 176 vocational specialists and educators to the University.
The speakers were introduced by Miss Helen Dernbach, of South Bend, director of educational guidance for the school city, who presided over the session.
Before the theatre on Sunday evening you can enjoy a
Tasty Meal
The bucket Is Back 11
After a three-year sojourn in Bloomington, the Old Oaken ifucket has returned home to the banks of the Wabash. The eighth “P” was put on the string by Captain “Marty” Schreyer last night at the annual football banquet.
Special Xmas Offer For Trips of 1000 MILES OR MORE
For the Christmas Holidays we are able to make attractive offers on trips of 1,000 miles or more. You will save money besides having the convenience of a car equipped with a heater. Phone 6455 or stop in and see us.
ROGER’S
U-DRIVE-IT-YOURSELF SYSTEM
Cecil Isbell, Capt. Marly Schreyer Given Berths On AP Big Ten Honor Grid Sguad
, FIRST TEAM Ray King, Minnesota
Louis Midler, Minnesota Francis Twedell, Minnesota Ralph Wolf, Ohio State Gust Zarnas, Ohio State Marty Schreyer, Purdue
Bob Lannon, Iowa
Jim McDonald, Ohio State
Don Heap, Northwestern
Cecil Isbell, Purdue Corby Davis, Indiana
E T G C G T E QB HB HB FB
SECOND TEAM Bob Fitzgerald, Chicago Alex Schhenbaum, Ohio State James Sirtosky, Indiana George Miller, Indiana Ralph Heikkinen, Michigan Don Siegel, Michigan Fred Benz, Wisconsin Fred Vanzo, Northwestern Harold Van Every, Minnesota Nile Kinnick, Iowa Lawrence Buhler, Minnesota
Those receiving honorable mention include: Ends—R. L. Kenderdine, Indiana, and James Zachary, Purdue. Tackles—Robert Haak, Indiana, and Clem Woltman, Purdue. Guards—Joseph Szabo, Indiana, and Andrew Grant, Purdue. Backs—Louis Brock, Purdue, and Frank Filchock, Indiana.
Purdue is well represented on the 1937 Big Ten all-star football team chosen yesterday by the Associated Press, with Cecil Isbell and Marty Schreyer members of the first team and Zachary, Woltman, Bi-ock, and Grant given honorable mention.
Cec, who was a member of last year’s honor squad at fullback, was shifted to halfback this year, with
Indiana’s 200 pound powerhouse, Corby Davis, taking over the berth that Cec vacated.
Schreyer’s consistently fine performance in the forward waH earned him a tackle position, opposite Louis Midler of Minnesota. One whole side of the line is composed of Gophers, with King, Midler, and Twedell at end, tackle, and guard.
We would like to dedicate this column to the senior members of the most successful football team of our college career. . . Although others have finished farther up in conference standings and turned in better season records, this year’s squad came through where the others fell short—they beat Indiana.
And we’ll name these seniors just as they appeared in the program of the football dinner last night — Capt. Martin Schreyer, Cecil Isbell, Cody Isbell, Bob Selby, Lowell Decker, Clem Woltman, Andy Grant, Harry Krause, James Zachary, Andy Botney, and Woodrow Knorr. . . May we also add our humble congratulations to those many others which have already honored you.
I / —^fc This victory gives we non-playing
seniors something to be thankful for. . . Somehow it seems hard for us to imagine how we could tell our grandchildren that we didn’t defeat Indiana while we were in school.
We are going to finish the week with biographies of the new Co-cap-tains Joe Mihal and Paul Humphrey and these senior men. —^fc The Kiwanis Club Banquet last night did our heart good.
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at
GULLION'S West Lafayette
• A]^LOW DKESS SHIKTS
DEWENTER’S
Carry a complete line of aU ARROW dothine. 416Mfdii
Mi%
¥&-:-J‘ 1^
t6B POlBDtlE
yaueiminmm^.
Women’s Athletics
Sportswomen Pour gills weie pledged to the Puidue Spoitswoman, honoiary for boosting women’s spoits, at the Sports Spiead at WAA cabin, November 11 These gills will be initiated Sunday Decembei 12, at a bieakfast at the WAA cabin. Initiates can be 1 ecognized by then “P” sweaters or by the gold and black ribbon worn aiound then aims. The pledges ai e Mary Ellen Delaplane, Ruth Wiley, Mabel Campbell, and Marcia McKinsey
LOST—K. and E. dtn'#ing set Name of J. Ogle on it. Call 3191.
RIDES TO HAMMOND—Leaving Wednesday. 5 p. m. Call Wilson, 2501, after 7 p. m.
Volley Ball Fust voiley ball tuin-outs will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock There will be anothei call out tomoirow Next week a notice will be posted concerning futuie meetings, ceining futine meetings
Local Ads
Lost—Perhaps in the vicinity of West Lafayette post office—a brown billfold with Sigma Nu crest. Contained papeis, valuable only to ownei. Finder please call 2401. No questions asked.
STUDENT ROOM—Available at once Rent starting Decembei 10, 222 Noith Salisbury.
NOTICE—Will pel son who took tan top-coat fiom bowling alley Saturday night, please call 35734.
Notices No Nuticcs Accepted Alter 8 p m.
Conditional Students* Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at Senate office, room A 4 to 5pm until November 23 —ELLIOTT
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Mam street.
FOR RENT—^Modein sleeping loom for two students Inquire 725 N. Main sheet. West Lafayette Phone 7372
FOR RENT — Modem sleeping loom, with 01 without board, for twp students 401 State Across fiom campus.
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp) . Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 Decembei 4 at 1 p m Get permits in CE 102 before December 1 —TODD
Hydraulics (C.E. 41): An examination foi the removal of C grades will be given in Room 203, Civil Engineering Building, on November 27th, from 1 to 4 p m Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undei signed prior to November 25 —GREVE
- PRECHTER WBAA Announcing Staff Meeting at 7 30 p m November 23 in Union No picture —WILLIAMS
Co-eds Shuffle Board and Ping Pong call-outs November 30 at 4 00 p m in the Women s Gym Sign up on the bulletin board Everyone interested please come —BLANK
WBAA Staff Meeting November 24 at
* the Purdue Exponent Service ^ Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK Mt. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Dine — dine ^ DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — «C” CARTER for Keys — Lock! — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New UC.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
Office SUtioneiy , Wedding InviUtloni
«H0NE - WoBooKEU 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRy
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz s Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. —Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Florist ——
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flotvera Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY a • Most excluaive assortment of corsages available to Purdno Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
7 *30 p m in rootn h of the Union Building —WILLIAMS
PIA Insurance* PIA insurance policies may be obtained at the office any day after 4 00 p m —KRATZ
Senior Debns Pictures: All who have received cards see proofs at Debris office not latei tlian 8 .00 p m November 28
—SIEBENTHAL
Sophomore Debtis Salesmen: Report to
Uhion Workers: My committee meet in U?lit>n lobby at Up ™* November 28. —MATTHEWS ( Physical Education Women: All students in physical education classes must take posture pictures November 23 is the last day Houis between 8 and 12, 1 and 5 —HAZELTON
sales meeting at 4 the Debris office
November 23 at —siebentHal
Debns. Photographers meet at 4 p m November 23 at the office —VERNER
Senior Women Senior haynde and picnickers, meet at west door of Union at 6 30 p m November 23 Back in time for con VO Tickets on sale at Union desk, variloub houses for 26 Cents Tickets must be turned in to desk by noon, November 23 —BEKO
Union Workers Our committees meet in Union office at 4 p m November 23 —HARPER, WOOD, EASTBllRN
Union Workers. Our committees meet in Union workshop at 4 p m November 23 - CABONARGI, MASON JACOBSON
Union Workers My committee meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 4 p m No vembei 23 GARLAND Union Workers My committee mett in music loom at 4 p m November 23 TURNER
Union Art Club Meet m room D for linoleum block printing at 4 p m Novembei 23 TURNER
Union Sophomores. All available woikers report to the office as soon after 2pm November 23 as possible All those able also report to office at 7 p m Novembei 23 -JACOBSON Union Show Cast Please repoit to ball loom at 7 p m Novtmbei 23 Important —TAYLOR
Camera Club New enlaiger in ready foi use November 24 Start on punts toi exhibit —SAMUELSON
Union Show All girls desiring to work on make-up committee meet in Union office at 3 p m November 23 —EASTBURN
university Choir: Meet in Fowler Hall, November 23 at 4 p m —CODDINGTON Basketball Managers: Any sophomore desiiing to come out for basket ball manager report at Fleldhotise at 4 p m November 23 —PHELPS Volley Ball: All girls interested in volley ball come to Women’s Gym at 4 p m November 23 —RODERICK
Playshop: Paint crew and ) anyone else interested in painting for production “HellBent Fer Heaven,” please report to subbasement dF uiilbtt Bih^ uteb 8 p. m. November 23, and 9 U m November 24. —CROMER.
Glider Club* Meeting in room B oi the Union Buildiiig Ndvembfer 23 at 4 p m —MOORE.
Sigma nlelta Chti Meeting November 28 at 4 o’clock in Exponent office in Union Building —FORSTER
Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet: There will be a mating at 7 p. m. jn room A of the Union, November 24. —CRISS
WAA * Decker’s will display sweaters for ' girls with numerals or ‘P* monograms in the Gym November 23 at 4 p m 1 —DELAPLANE |
J Novemb^t 38. dk 9 p. m., Slgnna Nu vs. Triangle. -STUCKEY.
Camera dibb: Merfibers may sdfejiaiBibleS of mounting board, and place orders for ~ ■ ■■ iffice, JNovem^^^^
I Independent Staff: Meeting N<*»emoer 23 at 7 p m at PIA office. —MBA CHAM. PjtA Beginning Dance Clads: Meeting November 23 at 7.30 p m in Women’s Gymnasium or at 4 p m November 29, in Union ballroom —CLYMER Smoking Committee: Meet in Senate office at 4 V m November 28 MSCHaMACmBR
They Feel as Fine as They Look \ One reason Crown pressed clothes feel so comfortable is because they are Form-prest. ‘ N This type of pressing is very popular with particular dressers. ALL WOOL GARMENTS ARE MOTH PROOFED BY MONITE PROCESS WHEN CLEANED AT CROWN.
mmm
FINE CLEANERS OFFINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Germany, Italy and Japan don’t declare wars—but they fight them. Why do they keep these wars “unofficial”? And why are they fought? To get raw materials? Colonies? To relieve population pressure? John Gunther, famed correspondent whose book “Inside Europe” was banned recently by the Nazis, explodes these alibis, and tells you the real reason for these wars of conquest waged by the ‘ ‘Have Not” nations.
This Peace is a Cheat by JOHN GUNTHER Author of EUROPE”
CLEAN CATFISH IN BED Dave saved up $1.10 to marry Patience, but all he got was trouble. A riotous short story. Love’s Arm Is the Longest, by George Sessions Perry, author of Edgar and the Dank Morass. I LIVE THREE LIVES Snowed-in winters in a mountain cabin... gay society life in the city... the rest of the year on a dude ranch. A debutante who married a rancher describes her strange three-cornered life. By Cornelia Dew, as told to Margaret Lathrop Law.
Wk' f.. 'X'