-
V
■'‘■'■‘■y]W:K-Wv?i^‘M^ ‘ -mrM
I ^
I
Egloff Gives First Nationai Defense Lecture Thursday Expert To Discuss Oil's Place In Preparedness Dr. Gustav Egloff, world authority on petroleum technology, will speak here Thursday in the first of a series of meetings designed to acquaint University students and faculty members with vital phases of the nation’s rearmament program. The speech will begin at 7:30 in the Hall of Music. Dr. Egloff’s visit to the campus was arranged by a special committee headed by Dr. J. A. Estey and appointed by President E. C. Elliott to secure outstanding speakers to discuss pertinent defense problems. Two Other Lectures Two other widely known lecturers have already been booked for later meetings in, the series. Df. C. H. Behre, professor of economic geology at Northwestern university will discuss “Strategic Mineral Resources” on November 17, while Dr. Warren S. Thompson of Miami university, Oxford, 0., will speak on ■“Popidation'Pressure as a Cause of War” at a later date. Both men are recognized as authorities in their respective fields. A graduate of Cornell University in 1912, Egloff obtained his master’s and doctor’s degrees from Columbia and was at first connected with^he Bureau of Mines and the (Continued on page 4) Selective Service Boards To Conduct Drawings Today Indianapolis, Oct. 29. (Special)— Activities at the state selective service headquarters and at Indiana’s 162 local selective service boards are all pointed toward the national lottery today when the law of chance will rule which of Indiana’s 414,000 registrants will be first to be selected for military training. In order that Indiana registrants and their families may ufiderstand the place of the lottery in the selective service program, Capt. William H. Krieg, in charge of registration and classification at the state headquarters, explained the various steps which will eventuality lead up to the induction of 800,000 men into the armed service during the coming year. Cards Numbered Most registration cards are now numbered from one up in the order in which they happen to lie after shuffling. The number put on the registration card at this time is known as the “serial number.” ' By yesterday most Indiana local boards had completed the serial numbering of their registration cards. The local boards then prepare lists of registrants, copies of which are sent to the state headquarters, posted at the local board office, and given to the press for publication. Use Goldfish Bowl Today Secretary of War Stimson will open the National lottery by drawing the first number'out of the sanie goldfish bowl used during the World War draft. The goldfish howl will contain as many numbers as the largest local board in the (Continued on page 4)
Urdu tt7 /3S^
jOat/y Sitfc^ /9'OS
Volume 52, No. 43
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 29, 1940
Vocatioils Guidance Conference To Meet On Campus Nov. 12 Outsfanding Speakers To Meet With Students Highlighting the 1940 Vocational Guidance Conference to be held on Tuesday and Wednesday, November 12 arid 13, will be President Elliott, Jacqueline Cochran, aviatrix and business woman; Helen Dobson, author of “Straw In the Wind”; and Sarah G. Blanding, national president of the Deans of Women Asso„ciation. Opening feature of the conference will be a banquet Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock iff thg Union. All guests, discussion leaders and faculty and student committees are invited. Students Welcome All students are urged to attend the open session at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday in Eliza Fowler Hall. “Today’s Challenge To You” ,will be the subject of the talk by Sarah G. Blanding. In addition the Concert Choir will present a selection of musical numbers. During the four sessions held on Wednesday, discussion groups will meet and talks will be given by the heads of the groups. Subjects and group leaders are: “Personal Work and Education,” Jeanette Scudder; “Opportunities for Women in Business,” Marian Elliott; “Commercial Horae Economics,” Alvina Iverson; “Designing,” Betty Elstun; “Volunteer Work,” Helen Hall Stone, and Mrs. Inez Conan; “Buying,” Marian Winterrowd; “Radio and Speech,’! Mrs. Julia Snyder; “Commercial' Home Economics Dietetics,” Mildred Inwood; “Retailing,” Mrs. Marge Cacil; “Government Service,” Eileen Lamb; “Homemaking' as a Profession,” Lois Jane Henley; and “Writing,” Ruth Linniger Dobson. Periods are divided as follows: 8:30 to 9:45 a.m.; 10 to 10:46 a. m.; 11 to 12, and 1:30 to 2:45 p. m. Prom 3 to 4 o’clock Wednesday, groups will meet jointly. At this last and most important meeting President Elliott, Jacqueline Cochran, and Helen Dobsoh will speak, v.m.b. Dean Of Women's Report Gives Co-ed Work Figures According to a recent report from the Dean of Women’s office, approximately 17 per cent of the women students on chmpus are employed. Of this number, 106 are on N Y ,A jobs, 133 hold part time job^, and 8 are employed as social and tutorial assistants in the residence halls. In addition, a great many do miscellaneous jobs including housework, office work, and clerking, v.b.
Dr. Caldwell To Spin Tall Tales On Radio Program Friday Tales as tall as the stratosphere, but all of them based on good, true facts( will be told by Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, ’08, during his Radio Magic program, broadcast on Friday evening at 6:30 o’clock over the NBC blue network. For an excellent example of these stories, there’s this one. Once upon a time, engineers of a large New York broadcasting station plowed in new ground wires around their transmitter, turned on the juice, and reaped a crop of fishing worms all exactly five inches long. When the station’s short wave sysitem used the same ground, a fresh batch squirmed out, all just two inches long. Now when the engineers get the inclination to go fishing, they get their bait in any size that they desire just by turning on the proper wave length. e.w.n. Hall Speaks On World Affairs At Monthly Ag Staff Luncheon Professor Frank R. Hall of the University history, economics, and government department, speaking yesterday noon before the regular monthly meeting and luncheon of the University agricultural staff in the faculty lounge of the Union, expressed the view that greater caution should be* exercised by the United States iii loaning funds to South American countries for industrial expansion. The speaker based his argument on the possibility of Latin American industries and resources falling into enemy hands and competing with those of this country. , Japan Screens Europe Hall stated that Japan’s recent activities have been undertaken with the objective of distracting the attention of the United States from European affairs, and predicted that Russia would continue to occupy the already well populated diplomatic fence for some months to come. The speaker, turning to problems of national defense, said thateither of the presidential candidates “could take us into war or keep us out” imder present world conditions, since there was “no definite compelling trend as yet.” The following committee for the November 25 luncheon was announced by Dr. A. M. Brunson, chairman of the committee on arrangements for yesterday’s luncheon: Dave Harker, chairman, G. E. Spencer, V. C. Manhart, and Miss Ivor Semphill. r.l.h.
University Women WantCareers,NotHusbands, * I ' According To Latest Employment Bureau Statistics
V Gather ye rosebuds while ye may. And while ye may, go marry; 4 For having lost but once your prime. You may forever tarry. 0 That advice, at least as far as Purdue women are concerned is out of date. And the^ career woman shows no inclination to leave us. ** That is what employment statistics, recently released by the personnel office, of the class of 1940 indicate: *( 86.2 per cent of science and home economic^ women were candidates for employment; only eight per cent ^ are listed as married. Pharmacy 100 Per Cent And as to the men: The Jvme engineering and phar- * '.f^macy graduates lead all others in
the highest numbed employed as of October 1. The School of Pharmacy had a perfect record with 100 per cent. Likewise, the civil, public service and engineering law schools list 100 per cent placement of sen- , iors,. The. electricals missed only man of 96 for a 99 per cent record. The mechanicals, largest engineering group with 226 19^40 graduates, have nine out of every ten employed; the chemicals, 87 per’ cent. Four hundred and ninety-two engineers received degrees last June, and 92.6 per cent have jobs as of October 1. 12 Per Cent' of Ags On Farms An interesting fact revealed by the statistics of the School of Ag-
Gns Arnheim Signed For Military Formal
riculture is that only 12 per pent of the 1940 class are actually working on farms; 46.'6 per cent are employed in educational pursuits; 27.4 per cent in industrial positions relating to agriculture. There was only one woman graduated in the School of Agriculture, and she was not registered for employment. Five engineering women, three mechanical and one each in the electrical and chemical schools, received diplomas, of which three received positions in industry and the other two did not register for employment. Of the 99 male graduates in the science school, 68.6, per' cent were lemployed by October 1. s.o.r.
Best Costumed Couple At'Barnyard Frolic' Will Get Novelty Prize The prize for the best dressed couple for the occasion will again be awarded at the annual Barnyard Frolic to be held Friday at 9 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. Overalls, pigtails and old clothes will be worn. Last year the prize was a pig, and the Nfewman club, which is sponsoring the dance, promises that the prize will be just as good this year. Bob Barnes, who performs at the Commons at Indiana University, will play for the dance. Barnes took over Doc Thrasher’s orchestra and played in Chicago this summer. Square Dancing During the intermission there will be a demonstration of barnyard square dancing by members of Phi Kappa fraternity and anyone else knowing how to square dance. The ballroom will be decorated with fodder and pumpkins. The backdrop will depict a farm scene. Wagons and buggies will be used as transportation by several groups carrying out the barnyard theme. Price of the dance is one dollar. a.c. New Beef Nutrient Preparation Aiirads World-Wide Interest Foreign interest has been recently directed at the University because of some research work which was carried on in the foods and nutrition department of the home economics school. Miss Mary Louise Bone, now a member of the faculty, when working as a graduate student under her professor. Dr. Gertrude L. Sunderlin, discovered a new method of preparing beef nutrients, which are of great importance in feeding invalids. Miss Bone’s report of the study was published in the March issue of the Journal of the American Dietetic Association. Since the time of the publication, requests for further information concerning the new preparation of beef nutrients have been received from the medical school of the University of Witwatersroud, Johannesburg, South Africa; an experiment station in Honolulu, Hawaii; and a community center in Bombay, India. a.r.w. Loaded Crane Boom Cracks Under Strain While excavating for a new sewer on the ground just south of the Administration Building yesterday afternoon, the thirty foot boom of the digging crane twisted its supports and toppled into the hole it had dug. The crane is run by Jay Roger, Lafayette, who has had considerable experience with construction for the University. Roger bldmed the failure of tffe boom on the huge chunks of concrete (remains of the World War barracks) that had to be removed from -the excavation. The accident occurred when he was swinging a load of dirt across the hole. When the boom, stopped, the bucket kept on going and twisted the boom around through 180 degrees and pulled it down with it into the hole, missing two workmen by about ten feet. t.b.n.
Tickets Go On Sale Today In Armory For Junior, Senior Military Students Gus Arnheim and his orchestra, known as the “musical choice of the stars,” will play for the annual Military Ball Friday, November 15., in both ballrooms of the Union, it was announced yesterday. Tickets for the Ball, which are selling at $2.50, will go on sale today from 12:30 to 4:30 p. m. on the second floor of the ______________________________ armory for juniors and seniors in advanced military, band officers, and organized reserves, according to J. R. Blackwell, of the publicity
committee.
Basic Students Basic military students and the band may buy tickets tomorrow; seniors, on Thursday; and the remainder of the student body on 'Friday until the sales limit of 750 tickets is reached. Passports are required to purchase tickets, on which the student must sign his name; passport and signed ticket both will be required for admission. Co-eds can buy tickets according to their own class
designation.
“Maker of Stars”
Gus Arnheim is often called the “maker of stars” because many famous entertainment figures rose to prominence under his tutelage.
______________________________________ Abe Lyman was his drummer; the
Four Rhythm Boys who sang witffi
his orchestra included Bing Crosby, Russ Columbo. Jimmy Grier, Donald Novis, Carlos Molina, Woody Herman, and Joy Hodges were at one time
with his band.
Arnheim started as a pianist, serving as accompanist for Sophie Tucker, and after forming his own organization, played seven years at the Cocoanut Grove in California. He has also played at the Kit Kat Club and Hotel Savoy in London, Les Ambassadeurs in Paris and the Royal Hotel, in Brussels, Belgium. Gus Arnheim has also played on many national broadcasts, including Lucky Strike, MJB Coffee Hall of Fame, Armour, and Lady Esther.y^
Gus Arnheim
Delta Gamma social sorority, announces initiation of the following co-eds last June: Virginia Creeson, West Lafayette; Rita Hill, Park Ridge, 111.; Judy Auck, Cincinnati, O.; Lynn Erganbright, New Albany; Annette Dawson, Newman, HI.; and Notsi Meisner, West Lrfayette. nub. Reffuiting Unit Shows Movies Of Air Corps Moving pictures dealing with the Army Air Corps and new mechanized units of the army were shown yesterday at 4:15 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union by the Army Recruiting Service with the co-op-eration of the Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce. The showing will be repeated today for interested students. The film was brought to the campus by Sergeant Rohrabaugh of the Army Recruiting Service. First part of the show deals with tbe different types of aircraft used by the army, showing both detail shots on the ground and pictures while in action.. The second part portrays the life of a flying cadet, and the last reel gives close-ups of new combat cars and tanks being put through their paces. Army Air Corps is anxious to recruit yoimg men 20 to 27 years of age who have had two years of college training. Sergeant Massey will be available in the Courthouse in' Lafayette until November 6 for detailed information and filing of applications. r.l.h. 4-HCIub ... members and their guests will hold their annual fall party in the Women’s gym on this Saturday, November 2.xThere will be dancing and games from 8 to 12 o’clock, according to Frank Goris, general chairman. j.h.a.
Lodde Preliminary Competition Opens Today For Frosh Today over 180 freshman co-eds will compete in the preliTninaTit^ for the 13th annual Lodde Spee<fli contest in room 301 of University Hall at 4 p. m. This contest is open to all freshman women and to all transfer students who hold Dreshman passports. Spectators will not be admitted. Speeches for the preliminary competition should be three to five minutes long, and those for the finals should be approximately fifteen minutes long. Any subject is in dr< der. Some of the suggested are: Purdue Is A Man’s Campus; Conscription; A Woman’s View, and Critical Survey ofi^Campus Clothes. Marilyn McKnight In Charge Marilyn McKnight, co-ed forensic manager, is in charge of the contest and will be assisted by the sophomore co-ed debate managers. Members of the speech staff will act as judges for the preliminaries. Approximately seven girls chosen from the first rounds will com- . pete in the finals Tuesday, November 5, in the auditorium of the Home Economics building. The judges for the finals have not been decided upon yet. Organization receiving, the highest number of points in the contest will receive the loving cup,, present?,, ed by'H. B. Lodde, of the Lodde Jewelry Company, I^ayette. The girl being judged the best in the contest, will be awarded an individ-^ ual award, aj.w, George , . . of the divmi<m of education and applied psychology has been named a member of the National Council on Schoolhouse Construetiomijff
^ ^ . c
il
V ■' ^
,-fr ^
M
''V v-r ;.‘
. il , ' i ! .'
"rf
'll
i J >'
PURDUE EXPONENT
V
Tuesday, October 29, 1940
(»
11
!\
5** Coliiiiiii
We see by the papers that Hitler and Mussolini have been conferring in Florence, Italy. About the Greek situation. They must have gotten tired of looking at Brenner pass. ^ Or else got wind of our plan to have Englishmen dressed as yodelers to mine the thing for a return engagement after their last visit.
Since September 1, 1939, the axis powers have been running rampant over Poland, France, Denmark, Norway, Belgium, Holland, Luxembourg, Rumania, and Egypt. Now they have turned the heat on Greece. Which makes it first and ten on the British gateway to the east.
We saw the figures for defense arrangements the other day. $13,500,000,000 worth of them. That ought to buy a lot of gun powder. They are really rushing the orders too. Not 'that we will need the powder right away. Both candidates for president say they are opposed to war.'Which leaves us in some what of a quandry. Why hurry? Just one possibility. The Democrats are broke. And need lots of things for non-political tours of inspection before November 4.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class ndatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section lids, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Sesaioh. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editoivin-Chief R. W. Denahue Business Manager Jlerle HagemSyer
Publication Staff News Editor __ »__.™ H. McKee Managing Editor ~~ — Jl. K. Heiple Associate BMitors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Iiocal Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Muy Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J, P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising S^ice, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ^ Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Traugott Issue Editor: Armstrong Day Editor: Siess Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: J H Armstrong, R L Hadley, T Novey, R H Van Deusen, E McCullough, Alice Chatfield, Virginia Barson, A Worsley, Nan Zachery
Purdue’s Interesting
Personally we don’t care if they don’t finish the army camps this winter. In fact they can take their own sweet time. The longer the better. In about 24 years we’ll be too old to go.
Which reminds us. Today is the national lottery. Everyone holds his own ticket. And the winners get...
A complete new wardrobe, $324, and a year’s vacation at government expense.—dkh
Jinutb§. Jatk
Briefs
Your Number
... used to be in the book but now it is posted in the post office in Lafayette. Those who registered from Lafayette for conscription on October 16 will find their registration numbers listed there. Today is the day of the big lottery. Those who registered out of town will find their number at their home post office. Better get your number or the government will. Who knows, you may be one of the lucky winners in the big sweepstakes. And if you are you will have to apply for exemption as a student. Don’t wait until J. Edgar calls on you personally. Get your number and hold on to it because you’re stuck with it.
Mudball hasn’t quite yet forgotten the game on Saturday, At least he hadn’t forgotten it on Sunday night, when he tripped into the office and dropped the following on the big desk in the center of the room (54 degrees, 40 minutes west, 19 degrees, 23.4 minutes north).
Fraternity Decorations From the appearance of the mail today it is apparent that a gre9,t many of our readers do not agree with Sports Editor Joe Dolan’s comment in his column regarding the choice of the winner in the fraternity decorations contest. Just to keep the record straight, the first paragraph of that column stated that the opinion voiced there does not necessarily represent the opinion of the Exponent. In spite of what some of our readers say in the “Letters To The Editor” column there were quite a few people who wondered why the Kappa Sigs or the Lambda Chis did not place first in the contest. A very brief examination by the editor brought out the following facts: 1. Fraternity and sorority decorations were judged on the basis of originality, appropriateness, and execution of design among other things. 2. The Kappa Sigs and the Lambda Chis were both ruled out because their ideas had been used before, the waterfall two years ago and the side show three years ago. True, this year’s presentations of these two ideas was better but members of the committee stated that the originality of the decorations weighed heavily on the final decision. The issue is now a dead one and the discussion should not detract from the fact that the Theta Chis did win the trophy and that they did have a very clever and original idea put forth in their decorations.
hey there clarence this afternoon i went out to the stadium to look over the empty stands to philosophize because i had noticed yesterday at the game that you could tell exactly where the alumni section started by the
number of men wearing hats well today you could still see exactly where the alumni were seated by the number of empty bottles. —mudball.
— The Ratio — 3.93 ... to 1
Bet you a dollar you don’t know what that title stands for. It is obtained in the following manner. If you will take the number of men in the school and divide it by the number of women, you will get 3.93. If you still don’t get it, forget Rbout it and don’t bother to read this column which is very new and promising, we hope. Well, the big week-end is practically over and I hope none of you missed the 10 o’clock roll call at the Blazer on Friday and Saturday nights, because if you did, you missed half the fun of Homecoming. Funny Tale The amusing local story of the week-end is taken care of by Pete Scott and Kappa pledge Florence II<^strum. Florence was an usher
for Playshop last week and guess where Pete planned to take her on a date that they arranged. That’s right, you guessed it, to Playshop. There’s one fellow around here" who shouldn’t read this column because 3.93 to 1 doesn’t affect him one bit, and that’s “Chubby” Dick Starbuck. Dick knocks our ratio all to Hell with a monopoly on three girls’ times. He plays it smart, too, by having all three of them in differfent sororities. There’s Kappa Vivian Peterson, Marjorie Kuntz of the Pi Phi House, and Chi 0 Shirley Canning. How do you do it, Dick? You ought to write a book, or something. Propaganda? Heard a rumor last week that SAE footballer Nefi was moving in Phi Gam prexie Bud Meyers territory, namely Kappa Maxine King. Bud and Maxine were seen together over the week-end, though, and both looked happy, so maybe it was just a rumor.
Well, people, this column is an experiment and we’d like to hear your opinions of it.
the Purdue Exponent 1 Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Ham St Phone 5701
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse —Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St Phone 2777
• Tailor
• Jewelers
' Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
i II 1 ^ • Shoe Repair
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
People By Donna Siess
Twinkling eyes fit well with the twinkling toes of Maren Chestnut, possible future dance starlet, about whom some day we other inconsequentials may say, “I knew her when.” The thrill of her thus far comparatively short dancing career came when IV^aren’s dance routines were a part of the entertainment for the pi^esent King and Queen of England during their recent visit to Canada in the spring of 1938. One of 12 Selected Maren was surprised when she leatned that she was one of the 12 girls selected by a representative from the auditorium in Toronto, Canada, to put on this dancing show. Their part in the royal entertainment was dancing, including tap, ballet, Indian, Rhumba, and jitterbug, between acts of the regular musical extravaganza. Maren said she’s had that feeling of fright before but never like the horrible emptiness that came over her the night that George and Elizabeth were out front. Studied For 8 Years She has studied dancing for approximately eight years in Chicago and Evanston, Her main preference is for adagio dancing which she does in “Everything But Onions” and she likes tap the least. This blonde, curly haired miss is about 5’ 4” and not only has dancing ability but has the looks that would add to any stage decoration. Most engaging of all about her appearance are dimples which she flashes quite frequently as she does her charming smile. —^yours for more interest—
“It wasn’t exactly a vacation—Otis had his home movie outfit along and we were out on location.”
WAA News
According to a statement issued
On Wednesday evening, October 30, WAA will sponsor a scavenger hunt. Groups will leave the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30 and return about 8:30. Following the hunt there will be dancing for everyone in thfe gym. Tickets may be obtained at the WAA office or from the council members. Marge Brown is in charge. Both eds and co-eds are urged to attend. m.a.f.
yesterday by the personnel office.
since October 1 nearly all of the engineering graduates not placed by then have obtained employment.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
nuf W/lh RADIO PIctur* VIRGINIA VALE-DICKHOGAN ALSO
LAST CHAPTER 'TERRY and the PIRATES'
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.-
TEX RITTER in 'Cowboy From $undown'
Wm. I^ENRY in 'EMERGENCY SQUAD
'RED RYDER" Serial
PATHE NEWS—CARTOON
jslISHW’WGM CDeaigned Ly
ftarring ANN SOTHERN with LEE BOWMAN SLIM SUMMERVILLE VIRGINIA WEIDLER PLUS—2ND FEATURE .. ,6IRL
r TYLE C-5052 (C stands O' for "Chic") — inspired by ♦JUDY GARLAND, who never fails to make a hit in a "Tish-U-Knit." Smoothtoned Zephyr gets a lively "ribbing" in this Sweater, which is designed to keep you winsome as well as warm in class, on the campus, at play, at leisure — virtually anytime, anywhere!.. .Only $2*8 — at shops that have what it takes to keep you well-groomed . . . Write for Style Booklet "C." ★
♦M.G.M. Star — Now Appearina In "STRIKE OP THE BAND"
OLYMPIC 1372 BROADWAY, NRW YORK CITY
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
— NEXT WEEK — "They Knew What They Wanted"
A NEW FIRST RUN HIT, %
,1, ,j;
/'■
♦
^ tueaddiyf October 2^# ld4d
.£xfianeni SfioAiA fiaqn
An Irishman's lllnsions
Riveters Prepare For Iowa With Vengeance Game
By Joseph ^Patrick Dolan
Yesterday at’ the Boilermaker’s daily football practice, head football coach Mai Elward made one of the finest addresses to his men I've ever heard? It all amounted to the fact that when football ceases to be a game for his men, he will enter the pro ranks where it is a business. I.I No sir, they don’t come finer than Elward. He may be a little sarcastic at times, but that’s a trait the majority of coache# possess, and it works wonders in many cases. Coaches seem a bit irritable at times, especially when their charges are losing. A few of Elward’s intimate friends know the agony the Purdue boss is experiencing. —I-I— After practice* I wandered down to Dr. Miller’s training room in the basement of the Fieldhouse. There I saw our much abused Dr. S. J. Miller treating a dozen kinds of injuries. Dr. Miller is tops with the ball club, and you should see the friendly manner that he uses on his boys. —I-I— Dr. Miller’s outstanding medical trait is his patience. So many of us* are subjected to physicians today whose patience supply is negative, but if .1 ever see Dr. Miller in an uproar. I’ll believe the leaning tower of Pisa is beginning t^) right itself. There are few specialists today who are well acquainted with athletic injuries, and the man who takes advantage of this ignorance of that type of injury will in a few years
be as much in demand as files in Sing Sing. And Dr. Miller is just that fellow. Purdue’s grid, hardwood, and track injuries occurring sometimes as much as ten and twelve times daily are giving Dr. Miller actual experience in the treatment of these little-known-of injuries. —I-I— Why just imagine, the common injury of shin-splints, is an unkown
injury when it comes to finding the origin and seat of injury. Just such want of athletic injury treatment knowledge makes us feel certain that in a few short years Dr. S. J. Miller will be an authority on athletic injuries — from a medical as well as practical standpoint. —I-I— Miller can take it, too. Find a per-* son on this campus who is subjected to the criticism, jokes, and blasphemous statements, but Doc always comes up with that “it-will-get-bet-ter” smile of his . . . just more of his patience, and he knows our criticism is all in fun.
and Reserve a Room for Your Guest in the UNION CLUB • Eeonomical • Convenient • Comfortable I \ JhSL fiwidusL TyUunifuaL lAniofc The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Frosb Cagers Vie Far Places;
Coach Elward Condemns
Varsity Practice On Card Soon Criticism; Praises Team
With competition beginning to reach fever pitch, 35 aspiring cagers still remain on the freshmen net squad. They are work*ing out dajly in the Fieldhouse together with a large coifps of varsity cagers. Frosh groups pl9,y both varsity and other yearling combinations several times during the course of the after-
noon.
^— Varsity Men, Too ,
Most of the candidates for this year’s varsity net squad have been coming out on their own initiative two or three times a week in an effort to get in condition before the
start of formal practice.
Lambert indicated that such practice would commence soon, probably next week. Missing on this occasion will be one of the stars of the defending champions’ machine, one “Frosty” Sprowl. Sprowl is currently doing a chore for Coach Mai El-
ward’s gridders. 35 Candidates
Those rhinies still battling for places on the final squad of about sixteen are: Swailtz, Lawson, Menke, Reeser, Lantz, Lake, Waldon, McGrath, Etling, Dickman, Brower, Friend, Hipp, Wooden, Stinchfield, Kohlenbeck, Anderson, Blackburn, Petrick, Laughner, Miller, Zehring, Parish, Victor, Rule, Hites, Taylor, Remitz, Shelby, Grove, Warick, Wright, Pearcyj Douglas and Pick-
el. e.c.y.
Peterson, Billiard Ace, Will Show Cue Wizardry In Union One of the exhibition stops of Charles C. Peterson, world’s fancy shot billiard champion, will be the Memorial Union on Thursday, October 31. This season marks Peterson’s tenth annual college tour and he will display his talent in approximately 260 schools throughout
the country.
Stirs Billiard Interest
Peterson, of “Show me a shot I can’t make,” fame, has been more responsible, perhaps, than anyone for the wide popularity billiards are now enjoying in colleges, clubs and recreation centers. An innovation this season will be the selection of sectional champions, the four/ winners then competing for national honors. While he is here, Peterson will watch the play of the more skilled players on the campus and if they come up to his requirements, they will be eligible for participa-
tion in the contest. /
Tricks and Lecture
The famous cue ace contends that billiards can be mastered with a strict adherence to fundamentals and he can prove his point. He will talk on fundamentals, demonstrating key shots as he lectures; play shots of famous players and then open the bag of tricks which won for him the title of world’s champion fancy shot artist. j.d.f.
Schedules Touchball—^Tuesday, October 29 Field 1. Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Pbi Epsilon (R. J. McCarthy) 2. Theta Xi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon (W. B. McAdams) 3. Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Tau Omega (W. B. Agler) 4. Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Gamma Rho (M. Bernhard) 6. Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa Psi (L. Captain) 6. Delta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha ■ (J. W. Hawkins) 7. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Kappa Sigma (J. A. Kutz) 8. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma (iJ. McGrath) 9. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Tau (G. E. Bowers) 10. Sigma Nu vs Alpha Sigma Phi (R. Michaels) 11. Beta Sigma Psi vs Tau Epsilon Phi (Tom Noland) 12. Alpha Chi 'Rho vs Acacia (E, Richman)
The LEE TEL $5.00 Will not oifly improve your £[at-i-tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the same' old hat. The mirror C?lle the story. ^ • • • Makers of the Aetoa Insured Hat..; 13.50.
t*RE
J. S. PATENT OFFICE
LEE HATS 358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N, Y,
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette
See these new styles and shades before you buy your pew FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00
SOONAIN ST.
cumiES]nioi>iiK.v
‘Once upon a time there was’ a football team that played a great game, outplaying their opponents in every department for nestrly sixty minutes, only to lose by a single point in the waning seconds of play. This is not another Mother Goose story, but the “truth is stranger than fiction” story of the nightmare Homec<|ming game Saturday in Ross-Ade Stadium.
No Crying Over Spilt Milk Naturally the squad and coach-
ing staff are keenly disappointed at the outcome of the game. However, there was no feeling of sorrow in the Boilermaket encampment yesterday evening, but instead a spirit of determination that is displayed only by a team that knows that a fighting team makes their own
breaks.
Coach Elward commended the squad fluently for the great manner in which they conducted the game, and rightfully so. For, ac-» cording to Elward, “the team played one of the toest games of football in every department that I have ever seen a Purdue team play, except for the final five minutes.” That this is no idle statement is proven by the fact that the Boilermaker running attack wa^ clicking at the best rate this season, averaging five yards a crack. In addition, the team played a superb defensive game, holding the Badger backs to' a total of 73 yards from the line of scrimmage, and allowing fullback George Paskvan, who was previously averaging seven yards a try and who was considered by many as the greatest fullback of the season, to a measly 12 yards in nine drives into the line. Quit Griping “Anyone criticizing any member of that ball club is committing a definite wrong. I am responsible for all signals called, all tackling, all pass defense, and all other features of the game. Any criticism to be made should be made to me. I welcome any such statements,” sincerely remarked Coach Elward at yesterday afternoon’s practice. “Although this game of football may be a business for everyone else, ' as far as I am concerned it is a game, and I’ll keep it a game. When it gets so that I can’t keep it a game I will quit college football and join the professional ranks where it is a real business,” the Boilermaker mentor added. “Those persons who criticize are usually thje last persons who would
volunteer to help any members of the team,” he concluded. Combs Back Again With the possible exception of Bill Combs, right end who has been suffering from a fractured npse. Coach Elward indicated that the same combination that started against Wisconsin would probably retain their berths, including the “chess backfield,” with pawns Carter, Berto, and .Smerke, teaming with knight Petty. The two halves and the quarter average only 172 pounds, while Petty tips the scales at 212. There is also a slight possibility that Mike Byelene may see some action in the Iowa encounter. These three sophomore backs , along with Anderson, another right half, performed in great shape during the battle and received particular praise from the coaching staff. Remarked Elward, “Smerke, playing in the most important job in the line-up, did one of the finest jobs of any sophomore quarterb^k I have ever had the pleasure of
coaching.”
Look Out, Iowa The squad began preparations for the Iowa game last night, the first of three road games taking the squad ove’ ^5® niiles. In meeting the Hawkeyes at Iowa City Saturday, the team will have a double incentive for victory. Not only will they be seeking to regain the prestige lost in the six minute and 19~ second losses in conference games, but, in addition, they will be seeking^ more revenge than did the Texans after the battle' of the Alamo to avenge the 4-0 loss which the lowans handed the Riveters here last year, a loss which kept them from having a finger in I the Conference championship. Leave Thursday Following three days of intensive drill, the BoLlermak;ers will leave for Iowa City Thursday evening. They will stay all night in Chicago and go on to Davenport Friday morning where they will remain imtil shortly before game time,
p.c.j.
ALLEN*:. SCHOOL OF IMLMCINCa 226-228 North 6th Street LEAkN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., Nov. 6, 7:30 p.m. study under a nationally known instructor— P. M. Allen, graduate of Challf School, New York City. President for past five years of Chicago National Association. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS NOV. 7,7:30 P.M. PHONE 2150
REST ASSURED'
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblozer Aircoaditioned
Fourth and Fony
Loloytitlft4
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# October 29^^1940
Egloff Gives First 3tejtJtiUi io iha ^dibah
(Continued from page 1)
Aetna Chemical Company. In 1917 he joined the Universal Oil Products Company of Chicago, and he is now director of research for that organization. He has served as lecturer on the petroleum industry and especially on his own research work at Columbia, Princeton, Chicago, Harvard, Northwestern, California and Stanford. In addition he has represented this country at various international petroleum, power and fuel conferences, and is a member of twelve American and foreign scientific societies.
Selective Service
(Continued from page 1)
country has registrants. Other high government officials will draw succeeding numbers until every number in the bowl has been drawn. The first number drawn becomes number one on a new list to be prepared by each local board in the country. For example, if Secretary Stimson draws out number 250, then every registrant in the country who has received the serial number 250, becomes number ope on a second list, which is known as the “order sheet.” If the second number drawn is 119, every registrant with serial number 119 is given order number two. This proceeds until every number IS drawn. When all registrants have received an order number, the local selective seiwice boards will start sending out questionpaires. The man whose number was drawn out of the goldfish bowl first will receive the first questionnaire and so on. If the man lyho is number one on the Older sheet has dependents whom he must support or if he has an important job or if he should be deferred for any other reason, he will be passed by when the time comes to fill the first quota, j.e.h.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTER!ES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
LEARN TO DANCE
NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S^ WED., NOV. 6TH TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS* ADVANCED THURS., NOV.7TH 7:30 P. M.
ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
there IS OME
Dear Sir: Sunday morning we picked up our copies of the Exponent to find that the disillusioned Irishman, Joe Dolan, had declared in a rather round about method that Theta Chi fraternity did not deserve to win the homecoming display award. It was evident from his column that he believed that either the Lambda Chis or Kappa Sigs should have received the trophy. Dolan A Lambda Chi Dolan, himself a Lambda Chi, said that the “Concensus” of popular opinion was that these two fraternities deserved to win. We wonder when Dolan conducted his straw vote to arrive at this decision ? Furthermore, no one has as yet complained to us about the decision, and there are undoubtedly other fraternities whose members might be equally disappointed because their decorations were not judged as the best. All of the Kappa Sigs with whom we have talked have issued no complaint, and we have reason to believe that Dolan in his column does not express the united
opinion of Lambda Chi Alpha. Had No Factual Basis Joe Dolan said a lot of things for which he had no factual basis. For example, he stated that “The display showing the most something that seems to be mighty intrinsic is the winner.” If Dolan means expenditures by “mighty intrinsic,” tve might ask how he determined the cost of our exhibit? Ever since Joe started “writing” his column, he has been harping on ^‘Boilermaker” spirit and sportsmanship. How many times has he issued the cry that we do not boo or question a referee’s decision ? If his column Sunday morning is an example of the sportsmanship he desires at this University, we want nothing of it! Mad Mick Dolan also said that “I’m pretty certain that the most attractive display is the display attracting the most attention.” We can think of plenty of ways of attracting large crowds, that might not be ingenious or appropriate to homecoming, and the judges themselves stated that
it was mainly upon these two points that the exhibits were to be judged. It looks to us as if the Mad Mick is using the Exponent to express his personal sour grapes! Theta Chi Fraternity
at 7:16 p. m. Election of officers will be
held.
-REYNOLDS.
Newman Club: Discussion groups will meet on Tuesday and Wednesday nights in room 328 and on Thursday nights in room 804 of the Union at 7:30 p. m —LEURS
Union Sophomores: Meeting of the Riding Club committee in the Union ofQco Tuesday, October 29, at 4:16 p. m. —HEPBURN,
Purdue Players: Meeting of the Executive Board Tuesday, October 2C, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —OARR.
Freshmen Of Christian Foundation Meet Tonight
Exponent Sophomores: There is a list of stories for the next Yellow Dog on the bulletin board in the office. You are expected to sign for at least one Copy is due by Wednesday night, October 30, at the latest. —OCHILTREE
Freshman Association of the Purdue Christian Foun4ation is holding a meeting in room 306 of the Union this evening at 7:15. The purpose of the meeting is to elect the freshman officers for the group. m.j.f.
Sigma Delta Chi: Key replicas will be distributed at meeting Thursday for 26 cents apiece. —SKALLERUP.
Union Committee: Short meeting of Jim Wolff’s committee at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 29, in the office. The following please report. Bossung, Craig, Edwards, Harvey, Haynes, McCarthy, Myers, Neese, Nelson, Osborne, Redlloh, Sheehy, Thompson, Tyler, Walsh, and Stiebel. ' -WOLFF.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting of actives and pledges Thursday, October 31, at 6 p m. in room 303 of the Union. Bring dues and money for keys. Second check up on boards and boxes. Key order to be sent in immediately. —OSWALT
Classified
Ads
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
WSGA Executive Board: There will be a regular meeting Wednesday, October 30, at 7.30 p m in the WSGA office —ZWTERLBIN.
Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Mm. {2.50 all night. Phone, 2407.
Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation Tuesday, October 29, at 6 p m^, in room 366 of the Union. Banquet in room 382 at 6:80 p. m. —NORQUEST.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 29, room 184, EE building. P. H. Reedy will speak on “Resistance-Capacitance Audio Filter Units.” Use north door. —FREED.
SCA Purchasing Agents and Members: Meat cutting demonstration and tour of Frosted Food Lockers, on Tuesday, October 29, at 8 p. m —DE LA CROIX.
Lost: Purdue Dames Club pin Saturday afternoon between University Drug Store and Pierce St. Reward. Phone 3089.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Meeting in room 306 of the Union, Tuesday, October 29,
SCA: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 29, at 7 30 p. m in room 66 of the Union. —BROWN.
Lost: On campus. Dark brown leather jacket belonging to C. H. Young. Finder please return for reward. Phone 8421.
Lost: Woman’s natural colored deerhide glove Left hand. ReulBrd. Phone 66481.
...In ties that you have been looking for...a4FOLD SPORTOWN WOOL TIE ... striking individuality in design ond color blends... finest worsted fabrics ... ties the correct ‘'dimpled" knot.. . slides easily—no collar tug ... wrinkles evaporate overnight like magic ... let us show you "Fashion’s Favorite" wool ties. Made by hand in U. S. A. in the world-famous, patented 4FOLD CONSTRUCTION.
UIQDL TIB*
SOOMAINST.
CLOTHES LAST LONGER
When Sent to Crown Regularly yor Cleaning
Our expert skill, painstaking care and years of experience plus thorough cleaning process offer you the finest cleaning service availahle.
riME CLEANERS OF FINE CtOTHE
CUmiiSSIIOPINC*
Td£
ntMM
T
loday, more than ever, people are taking to Chesterfield because Chester^eld concentrates on the important things in ^ smoking. You smoke Chesterfields and find them cool and pleasant. You light one after another, aW they really taste bet- ^ ter. You buy pack after pack, and find them definitely milder.
For complete smoking satisfaction
Moke your ” better cigarette """'Chesterf/eld
Copyright 1940, bccBTr & Uvw Tobacco Co
t
iii