(5 .
si
■«) n '■/
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 30
Purdue University, West Lafayette, lndi<sna
Tuesday, October 20, 1942
Varied Events Fill Homecoming End
Convo To Feature Program Will Include
Banquet Prosh Game
Lunceford, Negro Band To Play At Mixer Friday
la Boheme' Saturday Night
By Marion Donham
By Willas Vermilion
Jimmie Lunceford and his orchestra, one of the leading colored bands in the country, will bring his dance rhythms and his torrid jump tunes to the campus next Friday at 8:30 p. m. when he plays at the Homecoming Mixer in the Union
ballrooms. • k • 4^ Qf i f Saturday night at 7:30 in the
The publicity scheme, born in the brain of the Student
Union, to have leaflets, some bearing free passes, dropped from^ Boheme” opera
The
test fair, a rule has been made that before the prize is award-
, 5 ^ ed all signs must be intact. By Becky Cay lor speakers for the pep
A gala week end is planned for all the alumni who brave y^ijy. yg^ ][jgg^ gjj_
... ,. , .„ the thirty-five mile an hour speed limit and ancient tires to „ounced, but it is doubtful if Upera in its entirety will attend Homecoming. A large crowd is expected to attend in members of the team will par-
comc to the University next spite of these difficulties to help cheer the Boilermakers to ticipate victory over Wisconsin. ^11 students and alumni are
an airplane fell by the wayside Saturday when the shearing power of the Union was not strong enough to cut the red tape surrounding the use of CAA planes during wartime. The plan passed all University officials but when it was attempted to procure the use of a CAA plane, the Union officials saw that the time element and red tape was too much. However the publicity has not fallen through completely, 500 tickets are now on sale outside the Sweet Shop at the reduced rate of $1.40. Tickets will also be on sale at the dance for the usual $1.05.
College Graduates
Lunceford and nearly all of his band members are college graduates, and most of them have been studying music and playing in bands since they were in high school. Jimmie was born in Fulton, Miss., but spent most of his early life in Den-
Hereford Bull Draws
Large Bond Sale
At Breeders' Auction Fifty thousand dollars in United States War Bonds was the price paid for a purebred Hereford bull by Maxwell Kunin of Richlieu farm. Lake Village, at the Indiana Hereford Cattle Breeders’ consignment sale held yesterday in the University judging pavilion. The buflrwas
consigned by Van Natta.
Other sales were made totaling $15,064 for the 46 cows sold and $3,870 for the 13 bulls sold. This money was all in cash and no other sale was made for war bonds. The highest individual sale was for a
troupe. The music for “La Boheme” was written by Puccinni, who took his story from Murger’s book “Vie de Boheme.” Charles L. Wagner is the producer s
La Boheme
Friday’s program will include a pep session and a practice j^vited to attend and pdrticifootball game between the Bpilermakers and Illini freshmen. pg|-g^ jg hoped that the
Huge Pep Session Planned For Friday Para4« Will Form At Union At 7 P. M. doe Club To'Sing From Union Baltony A mammoth student-alumni pep session and bonfire is planned for Friday at 7 p. m. The parade to Stuart Field will form in front of the Union as it has in the past, and the University Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, will sing from the balcony. The Military Band will lead the parade out to Stuart Field which will be lighted by a huge bonfire furnished by members of Skull and Crescent. Fraternities, sororities and co-ops are urged to make posters and signs, and a prize valued at ten dollars will be offered for the best one. To keep the con- —
Judges Will
Select Beauties
Tonight, 7:30 Exponent To Announce Winners On Thursday From 200 potential entries, the
(See LUNCEFORD, page 4) Oil Furnace Owners Should Get Ration
Coupon Data
‘ Owners of dwellings heated centrally by oil furnaces should begin
Indiana Music Clubs To Present Sailors With Record Players
The last event Friday will be turnout will be good in order largest group
a Homecoming Mixer which will feature the music of Jim-
ever entered in the
to show the team that it has Debris Beauty Contest, judges will the support of the student four winners and eight run-
and his or- body and the alumni.
PI A To Sponsor Decoration Contest
diana Federation of Music Clubs. The federation will also present the sailors with a large album of classical records at the meeting at 7:30 Thursday evening in the East Fac-
ulty Lounge of the Union. Mrs. J. R. Clines, president of the
second district of the Indiana P'ederation of Music Clubs, who is in
ners-up tonight at 7:30 in the north ballroom of the Union. The contest this year is closed to the general public, but the winners will be announced in Thursday’s Exponent. According to the Debris, the judges will not be announced until after the competition so that the competitors will not have a chance to mob the judicial board beforehand. Rules have been arranged so
movement is to provide music for
the men in the service. Stewart Opens Prorgam
A. P. Stewart, Director of Musical Organizations, will open the program by leading the entire group in “The Star-Spangled Banner.” Fol-
stars Hilda Burke, lowing this, Mrs. A1 Stewai-t will
sale of Shorthorn Armand Tokatyan. sing, as an invocatioi^, Metott’s ar-
mie Lunceford
chestra.
The alumni get-together will actually begin Saturday morning with alumni registration and
„ ^ luncheons. The afternoon will be Sailors stationed at the USS Cary elimaxed by the Wisconsin game.
Hall wil receive four new portab e by class reunions on the fof HomeCOminO record players at the annual meet- g^^g_ . ing of the second district of the In- , . . , . ~ 4.1, i- • x An alumni banquet will be held in ^frying on the homecoming tra the Union Ballroom and a portrait dition among the various housing that there will not be any possibility of Noble Kizer, famous University units of decorating their buildings prejudice or foul play, football coach, will be unveiled and with a threat to the visiting team. Beauties Will Dress Informally silver football trophies will be the Purdue Independent Association -,1 x x awarded to the senior members of is .sponsoring a contest for the most Juu^ng win start promptly, so the 1917 football game. eye-catching decoration. enti'ants 'will be expected to be Onpra AnH Ttnnrp '^'wo prizes will be awarded: the at 7:15 p. m. to receive inupera Ana uance ^ ^ structions and numbers. Informal The opera ^ boheme will be afternoon dresses will be the ac-
charge of the program, stated that Pi’esented in the Music Hall Sat- suitably engraved after the apparel, the presentation of the portable Vic- urday night; and for the alumni winners are decided upon. Included in the list of beauty controlas is a part of a program now and students more interested in jyjgggg will judge the testants are the following girls being carried on by the National frivilous things, thore will be a decorations after the game, and the who were not listed in Sunday’s Federation. The purpose of the Union, displays must be completed before Exponent: Margaret Baughman,
purebred bull consigned by the Mur-
ver where he studied under Paul farm which went for $835 to
Will C. Moore of White Oak farm,
Georgetown.
Kunin, now owner of the $50,000
bull has retained ownership of the bonds acco|rding to the terms of the sale. Mr. H. C. Mayo, of the Animal Husbandry department and secretary of the Indiana Hereford Cattle Breeders’ Association was sales-
manager for the occasion.
Tomorrow,
collecting data now that they will cattle will be held. This is to be a xxcj,x.x . • xi,-, v.m-nA Mvq TT R Wnaa • , ^ neej to obtain rationing coupons consignment sale by the Indiana of “La Boheme” and other travel- The University Orchestra, under workers for the defense cSt oveffite^dollis^^^^
course for women are to receive a general outline of the work to be covered in actual classes. These will
(See HOMECOMING, page 4) Prospective Women
Defense Workers To
Meet Tomorrow
rangement of the “Lord’s Prayer”. At a luncheon to be given tomor- Another rule applying to the con-
the actual judging. The judge’s de- Marilyn Demaree, Joan Donnelly, cisioh must be final. Betty Freeland, Mary Belle FunderThere is no entry fee, but all those bark, Margaret Grier, Jean Holtson, houses who wish to have their deco- Nancy Jackson, Mildred Jordan, rations judged must have their en- Rosann Krohn, Marian Krull, Bette tries in the PIA office by Friday Hu Krudup, Mary McCormick, Lesevening. The contest is limited to lie Nelsen, Jean Rieck, and Mary independent houses and coops. This Jane Snyder,
does not include the residence halls.
which will be issued the latter part Shorthorn Breeders’ Association ing operas. tlie direction of Joseph Ragains, of this month, according to Ken- and will be managed by Prof. P. T. The four main romantic roles will will also represent the University neth M. Kunkle, State Rationing Brown of the Animal Husbandry de- be sung by Hilda Burke, Armand i>i program. Robert English,
partmeiit.
Poultry Sbrt Course To Train New Workers Tiained workers are being pie-
Officer.
Four Steps ,
Mr. Kunkle urged that four steps be taken previous to rationing: (1) Check the amount of fuel oil in your tank on October 1, as you will bo asked for this figure when you apply for your lation; (2) If you have not been able to obtain up to
275 gallons of fuel oil, you may ic- paied to take over various jobs in ceive a deliveiy fiom youi dealer the poultry industry which were by promising in writing to turn over vacated when the jobholders were to him coupons for the amount of called into the ai med service. These the delivery as soon as you get your workeis are being trained in , the ration; (3) Ask your dealer foi a University poultiy short course ceitified statement on tlie amount which has been held here for the of fuel oil you purchased from him past week afld is being continued last year (for the 12 month period through this week, ending May 31, 1942); (4) Measure All the essential steps of poultiy the rooms in your house that are production are being olfered in used as living space to determine com ses, some of which arc the mixtho floor area. This will bo a basic mg of feed, and incubator opeiation.
In the latter course, a giaduate of the Univerxity, Robert Hogue, is
aiding the poultiy staff.
There aie thiity some poisons, both men and women, who are cn1 oiled In this two weeks’ couise. At the end of the training period, these people will lie qualified I0 fill many
Model railroad enthusiasts among open positions in the poultry busithe University student body will ness,
meet this afternoon at 4 at the now
dormant layout of O^gauge ti-ackage '
on the fourth floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building to plan construction and operation of a new
layout in a smaller scale.
The temporary change to HO gauge and the use of new room in the Union building sub-basement have been made necessary by wartime restrictions on TJnivcrsity property. All those interested in model railroading are invited to attend the meeting and to learn about the work of the Purdue Model Rail-
road Club.
Tokatvan Mack Hai rell and Fran- freshman engineer, will be featured , . , „ , ’ . • loitaiyan, matK naiicu ana r lan . . ^ ’ begin November 2, and continue for
CCS Gieer. The story centeis around ^ piano solo.
two couples, one of which provides The piogi am will also include the a comic note and the other a tragic Second Presbyterian Church Choir, ending. Consedy and tragedy offset directed by Al Stewait. Eva Linn
each oUiei thi oughout the entire Mackay is the accompanist. The
opeia.
Officials With Troupe Many Years Gicuseppe Eamlioschek, conductor of the thiity piece 01 chesLia, and
Desiie Delieie, stage duector, St CIO ©Jit Art Guild
along with Mi. War nor, form the managers of this company. Mr. Delrere has been known to throw
two hours each day until November 6 under the direction of Mrs.
R. B. Stewart. Notices Sent
Notices are being sent to all
IAS To Hold Smoker Tomorrow Evening
Debris Seeks Young Lady For Information
Not so very long ago a very sweet and charming young thing brought into the Debris office a picture of a radio operator on a B-17 bomber
The Institute of Aeronautical Sci- for publication. The Debris office is enefes will hold a smoker in room 356 now very anxious to contact this
.nee mg wi le a en e y lepie churches, clubs, and organizations of the Union tomorrow evening at young lady and would appreciate sen a ives 10m eac o le seven to encourage the women to attend. 7:30. Movies of previous aero- anyone knowing her whereabouts or e eia ec gioups oca e 111 a ay Classes will be held so as to inform nautical work at the University will whereabouts of anyone connected ^ ' the group of what is being done and be shown, including tests of a radio with aforementioned picture report-
what can be done in this community controlled gas model and several ing their knowledge to the publicafor the general safety of all during other recent thesis. All students in tion’s office without delay,
wartime. aeronautics or interested in aviation
Fifty women are expected to at- are invited to attend,
tend the first school. Proper pro- Membership aplications will be
. . . will hold an open meeting tonight at 7:30 m Room 261 of the
factor in dcte^nining youi lation. Hodel Railroaders Meet Today At 4
a cloak over his business clothe,s Union. Pi of. W. E. Howland will be
and walk on to the stage of the the speaker. His topic will be “Art cedure for extinguishing incendiary available at the smokor. The lAeS, Metropolitan duiing a perfoimancc and Civil Engineeiing”. bombs will be demonstrated, and organized on this campus last to be able to diicct stage action Pi of. Howland believes that engi- nutrition courses in addition to hos- spring, now has a membership from a closer vantage point. All necring courses should stiess not pital aid will be taught in the five- of 62. The Institute is open to three of these men have been asso- only technical points, but also an day coui'se. After leceiving such in- anyone who is enrolled in an aerociated with the Mcti opolitaii Opera appreciation of art and humane struction, the women will be able nautics course. Company foi many yoais. matteis. He will attempt to prove to travel about and set'up defense
(See LA BOHEME, page 4) his points by the use of illustrations, units elsewhere
Faculty Women Organize PE Class
Little Known Facts
Parents' Institute To Meet Nov. 4-5
Special Notice No edition of the Exponent will be published oaii Friday, but a special Homecoming edition of the paper will appear Saturday
morning.
Ag Economics Club To Sponsor Outing
Agricultural Extension Service Teaches Farmers With Many Varied Exhibits
A physical fitness class for the women of the faculty is being organized under the direction of Miss Helen Hazelton, Dean of the School of Physical Education for Women. The first class will be held tomorrow and classes will be held every Wednesday thereafter. The class will include instruction in gym-
On November 4 and 5, the School nasties, folk dancing, and games, of Home Economics in cooperation Miss Hazelton urges all faculty with the Indiana Parents and Teach- women to attend,
ers Congress will hold its annual Parents’ Institute meeting here on the campus. The program will deal with the problems which all parents will face in wartime America. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the Home Economies School has an-
University Club To Meet Tomorrow
First meeting of the University
nounced the program which will in- Club for the current year will be
By Jim Richardson
While wandering over the Ag conveyors of practical and useful in- the short courses and exhibits decampus recently we rambled into a foimation. The efforts of the first partment is responsible for the ap-
room which had all the appearances years were efl'ective, but crude. At pearance and the appeal of the elude such topics'as5 nutUti^^^^ held in the reception room of the of the typical stock loom in an ad- the present time, however, there is demonstrations. Appearance and clothing, schools and parents, com- Union tomorrow at 8:30 p. m. Envertising agency. All typos and probably no slate among the forty- appeal are dependent mainly upon munity planning for children, prob- tertainment for the evening will be foi ms of cxhibit.s, from simple pos- eight that excels Indiana in the ex- quality of material, workmanship, adolescent in wartime, iu the form of a program in the tcis with photogiaphs mounted on ccllence and the insefulness of its color, action, conciseness and sim- equipping the child for tomorrow, music,room under the direction of them ^to complicated mechanksms exhibit out-put. plicity. parental problems in homes abroad. Prof. U. C. Lee, bridge In the west run by electricity and lighted with One Division of the Agricultural Many of these agricultural edu- „,aking. homemakers’ work ef- faculty lounge with Prof, and Mrs.
Thompson Products Will Show Films
Today at 4 p. m., a group meeting vilion on the University farm will be held by the Thompson Diversified Program
Products, Inc., Cleveland, Ohio, in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Films will be shown and all those interested are
invited to attend.
Hoof^ Horn Meets In Ag Hall Tonight Hoof and Horn, agricultural honorary, will hold its regular month-
Expo Junior Eds Thcife will be a meeting of all Night and City Editors Wednesday |it 7 p.n>. -BROPHY
fluorescent tubing were set up Extension Service, known as the cational exhibits were placed at feetive in wartime.
Agriculture Economics Club will around the wall. ' shoi't courses and exhibits depart- county fairs this season. Many will sponsor a picnic Thursday evening Exhibits Are Colorful ment, is in charge of this work, so go to special shows, fairs and festir at 4 p. m. at the Dean’s pasture on Each of the exhibits emphasizes far as agriculture is concerned. It vals in the next month or two, while the Ag campus. In case of bad .some solution or suggestion for a is correct to say that exhibits have scores of separate exhibit units, weather it will be held in the Pa- particular rural or farming prob- played an important part in the each projecting and emphasizing
lorn. The gay paint and the catchy bringing about of vast changes for one important piece of information phrases served to incieaiiio our curi- the betterment of agriculture and will be placed for limited periods in
The program of the outing, which osity as to who was responsible foi bomemaking in the state. Prac- public buildings, business house
will Include a wiener roast, will con- tlicse educational advertisements tieally all the state is affected by windows, county agricultural agent ly meeting tonight in the assembly sist of softball games between the for better ways of farming. the exhibit effort, and this is espe- offices, and other prominent places room of the Agricultural Hall at faculty and the seniors and the C. M. Frier, director of short cially important in these times when where the public will see them. 7:30. Allison Stuart, local cattle
freshmen and sophomores. Junjors courses, gave us a lot of infoi'ma- farm people have so great a need Exhibits Inform breeder will be the speaker,
will act as umpires. Several other tion about this University service, for good information to help them Educational exhibits are, ^nd al- Stuart will show technicolor films games will also be on the program, which'may be of interest to you. produce the food required by the ways have been recognized as, one on purebred Hereford cattle ohFollowing this a “yellow dog” ini- Indiana Leads States war situation. of-the many means by which to tained from the American Hereford tiation will be held. Tickets to the Ever since agricultural extension The various agricultural depart- project valuable information, and Cattle Breeders’ Association. In adaffair may be purchased from any work, as such, started in Indiana in ments are responsible for the char- the University Agricultural Exten- dition, the movie will also contain agriculture economics instructors or the early 1900’s, educational gxhib- acter and correctness of the infer- sion Service makes use of exhibits shots of nationally known herds, in-
student for 36 cents. its hav& been extensively used as mation put out in exhibits, while in developing its work in the state, eluding the University herd.
S. M. Hague in charge, and dancing in the ballroom under the supervision of Professor Rising. Admission will be by ticket only, and those who do not have their tickets are asked to report to the
secretary at once.
Engineers Thompson Products, Inc., Cleveland, Ohio, will sliaw a film and emiduot a group meeting at 4 p. m., Tuesday, October 20, in Ro<hb 108 of the Mechanical Engiiieering Building. AH those interested are invited to attend. * —VOGLERPurdue Exponent
GRIN AND BEAR IT
' > i. t ^ 1 . n « t i
VttSIIIHfiTOH Tm R.q U S P.l OtI MERRY-GO-ROUND
Tuesday^ October 20^ 1942 By Liclity 1 Aero Lab Installations
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L. Hadley Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
Associate Editors i it r I SJTff O W Del clitreo A P Hunter W E Rafert I lit W (» H( kii s R W Bcswmkle K Roquemore St ^ D 1 1 r ucr J S Dawson D Shryer C "■ ll> Benil Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Elaine Business Staff k nrs Manager Julia Martin Man rerfi J M Wiiglit D L Johnson J Petty l n Manai,cr G H Kloumai i ai ai,er Ticna forrenga I 1 »lan gers Ellen Claik Jane Keim
'he Purdue Independent
C i nl t n Manaktr
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Llwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff Tor This Issue
r \Solf Sports Editor Shryer A1 rti s Issue Editor Murphy H I I Vermilion Lynch Schiltz Stephenson 1 Si rck HelCrich btapp Petry Donham K n n o ni (n Porter Haynes Hannura
: 1
n alter at the post office in Lafay
, . ... act of C ngre.s of March 3 IS?") ! at f 1 stag provided lor in seclioii
1 r i 1 1 authorized January 20 1922
In Ih sday Fr day and Sunday mornings IJ 1 r d Jni lly by carrier for $1 f for a 0 f r two s mest rs by mail for $2 00 for a
fur two s mcfaters
ail d ul sciipt on ?1 60 1 1 ational advertising by National Adveitis r 11 ve Pubhslieis representatives 120
t v York N Y
SsAakiL SihipsA. |. Edward Klinker who ffiatJualcd liom the Univeisity with the 1' I (Jdit IS now stiving- with the United States Am \ in keland
By DREW PEARSON , Higgins Proposes New Wood Plastic For Planes; General Arnold May Try It Out WASHINGTON—One wax plant in which the Pies ident was particulaily inteiested on his lecent toui of the countiy was the Higgins shipyaid in New Oi leans, which turns out the famous landing boats used by the U S Marines m the Solomon Islands Higgins’ proposed yard foi building big fieighteis was stopped by the Maiitime Commission But his yard foi building small boats has continued in full swing and the President expiessed amazement and pltesuie as he diove between lows of machines Beside him at famous Andrew Jackson Higgins, pLoreer small boat buiTdei On tl e otliei side sat Rear Admual Piank T Leighton, commandei of the 8th
Naval Distiict
As they diove through the yaid a supei intendent handed Higgins a stiange tube made of wood a yard long and six inches in diametei Handing it to Roose
velt, Higgins said
“This IS what the an planes of the future will be made of. Mi Piesident ’ Roosevelt examined it cunously It was made of thin stiips of wood, almost leeds, woven togethei and coveied with i plastic substance which give it ex liaoidinaiy stienglh “It’s stionger than aluminum, Iliggins explained, but doesn’t weigh as much
Now Near Completion t By Willas Vermilion Rapidly nearing completion, the Aeronautical Engineering Building has turned out to be one of the most fascinating buildings on the campus and shows promise of moie to come Upon entering the new edifice and climbing the half flight of stalls ahead, one comes into a short hallway with four small rooms draining off at the sides and a laige cla^sloom at the end The first two of —
these looms are the private, meaning anyone is welcome, offices of genial K D Wood, profe'^soi in chaige of Aero-
nautical Engineeiing
Next to the offices is the
wind tunrel model laboratoiy son Dam, Ahbsm
21
Personnel Notes
Companies to visit campus C urtiss W 1 ight C OI pm ntimi P
saic New Jciscy —Octobci 19, 20
and 21
lennessce Valley Authoiily Wil
i C ctobci 0 and
\v Rii uui country in need of sailors, maiimo and coast gtiaid ,
I he Piesident expiessed amazement handed the seems you’d hesitate in Cl eating m the \outh of the land a
lifted’ Aj^iFilter Grades.. . ^ Ihe new “numbei” grading system uiPounced by the Umveisity officials last 1 IP utcPi confusion has reigned on the r I 1 It 1 evident that neither all of the LLP’ii L noi all of the faculty have a clear c c J joii of the difference between the old Ti I d tho new 6 giade, and few seem to agree 1 1 OiiL all of the numbers actually mean iJ in/ ‘-eptember, a mimeographed sheet \ nit fiom the President’s office to each ( ii inombeis of the University staff which tx h ned the exact status of the individual idtb 1 ingmg fiom 6 to 1, plus the letters J PnidL Iter fhis leasonably lucid article was i d one University instructoi told his class tln< be would give a 6 only to those very SI iciioi “-tudents, for under the new system, G w s higher than the If Several other tills told their classes that H and 6 vi'ere tcj ved nt marks Both of these mterpretati cie wiong. P laLfdbyDr H H Remmers, the 6 is a 1 c p paiable to the A’s given in other J t u L c n and is to be awarded to approxi1 1> 10 pel cent of the total number of stu- ( b g aded by all of the University profes(ol'pctively, not necessarily, however, by c 1 instiuctor alone inng the past 14 years, 4 45 per cent of c 1^1 dcs awaided to students were H Under lit 1. 111 ent plan, 10 per cent of all grades will ) O'"]mate 6, thus making the two figures fl lIk ame lelative value when calculating U ( Unnci nty average k \ is also made clear by the authorities UrI the di tinguished” rating would remain L 5 pjini Under the correct interpretation oi tlic number” system, the University ta iduiid will not be changed as some sup- ] u lj( cause of the lower numerical value ( ( G If I he University piofessors do not underniid the new glades, they should learn at 0 ICC Pioblcms will be solved only if all in’jtCtois accept “6” in the same manner !j iji In students will not be aided by an ( ^ ]( "ible tianscript Students will not be f Uaii) oi where they stand in their classes, d thf legistiai will be thoroughly confused b\ ineaiiiiig ol the grades handed to him i p vested that all Purdue professors, ( in lit heads, and authorities get togeth- < 1 o liaighten this confusing maltei out, I h ii inloim the University students as 1 1 lIk fl licet status of these new giades -c 1 h
Scrap Grabbers . .. IP (lay a icpoit reached our ears that iiih apia/cd us A yellow Ford “Model A” ( 1 ol student owneishjp pulled up to a c 1 iJiie, its occupants jumped out, selected i ))i( CCS ol scrap which evidently appealed t )(n and diove off Wc found it difficult to b i( vc that there weie students of low ( uvJi caliber on the campus to pilfer practi Ik \ oilhless items from the scrap pile tl it Atiiciican industry so soiely needs — I \
lube to Admiial Leigliion vho ejamined it skepti
cally
Humph' he giunted ‘I don t think much of it ‘You wouldn t ’ jibed the Piesident ‘you’re the Navy ’’ • PBaslic Planes Since then Higgins has explained to the Army Aii Corps how giant airplanes tan be made of this new substance, part wood, pait plastic With this new plastic, developed by Harry Atwood it is possible to turn excelsior shavings oi seaweed into a hard, firm, but lightweight substance Higgins contends that even if there weie no scarcity of aluminum, this wood-plastic is better for caigo planes ‘Two hundred women could weave a plane together in a couple of months,” Higgins has told Aimy avia tors, and demonstrated how Army brass-hats remain skeptical and have given Higgins the run around However, Gen ‘ Hap” Arnold, head of the Air Corps, has indicated that he may give the idea a trial Note—Scientific changes come slowly For five years after development of the automobile, its de signers put a whip holder on the dashboard It took several years also for anyone to drop the chassis of an auto lower than the point prevalent foi horse drawn vehicles • Capitol Chaff According to Clerk South Trimble, Representative Charles R Clason of Massachusetts is the only Rhodes Scholai m the House of Repiesentatives But theie will be another next JanuaiV—William Fullbiight editor of the Northwest Arkansas Times Fayette ville, whose nomination m the Demociatic piimaiy m Arkansas 3id Distiict is equivalent to election Chinese newspapers have contiibuted moie than $61 000 in Chinese cuiiency to the National Press Club s fund foi J B Powell Aniei ican newspaperman who almost lost his life in a Jap internment piison Powell IS still ill in a New Yoik hospital Abe Cohen Washington news dealei, says “Next to mail tiom home the boys oveiseas like to read hometown newspapeis even old ones ’ So Cohen donates him dreds of back number newspapers fiom all ovei the country to the Army every week foi oveiseas dis tubution e Sabotaging A Good Neighbor The diplomatic files of the State Department tell a revealing story regarding patient U & efforts to stop Axis intrigue in Latin America, long before Under secretary of State Welles finally tracked down with lus blunt, public warning that it must stop As early as June 30 of this year, the State Department sent an 18 page confidential memorandum to the Chilean Government citing names of Axis agents in Chile, dates ot their communications with agents in other countries, and in many cases the texts of their messages Chile contended prior to June 30, and since, that Axis agents in Chile could have nothing to do with ships sunk in the Caribbean HoVvever, the detailed memorandum of the State Department cited chapter and verse regarding ships sunk and information about their sailing dates, all sent by Axis agents This memo was transmitted to the Chilean Foreign Minister Barros Jarpa but nothing happened Wheth er or not he transmitted it to Piesident Rios is not known Approximately one month later the State Depart meiit transmitted more conclusive evident e concerning activities ol Axis agents in Chile But there were no Chilean moves to stop them Meanwhile Ambassador Michels in Washington genuine friend ot the United States, flew to Santiago and arranged tor President Rios to visit at the White House It was proposed by Ambassador Michels that after President Rios had come to Washington and talked with President Roosevelt, Chile would break relations with the Axis, thus forcing Axis agents out ot the country • FBI Rejected Howevei espionage activity continued Also it leaked out that Chilean Piesident Rios piobably would not bleak relations aftei all, would meiely come to Washington, go home then wait two oi thice months bctoie bieaking This would have aioused lesentmeiit on tho pait of othei Good Ncighbois such as Biazil, Mexico and Cuba already in the wai up to the hilt and lesenttul of U S lavois to a neutial nation Meanwhile, Chile vetoed a pioposal to peimit J Edgar Iloovei’s eiaek G Men to come to Chile and tenet out Na/i agents So with the date appioaching when Piesident Rios was to attend a faiewell dinnei at the Ameiiean Embassy in Santiago it w is deeided to eleai the atmospheie Ihe blunt Welles speeeh in eflcct was a e inlying waining tliat unless Chile was leady to kiek ■'ut Uk Axis it would be bettei tot Piesident Rios saek If
eome
It lb still hoped that he will make the tnp but piobably not until altei some ot the pio Axis advis era aiound him have itsigned
hoiroi and hatred oi watei
University Calendar
Tuesday/ Oef-obes* 20
in which the models toi ir^e in the vmd unne's ii t 1 “pt lhi= loon is also equipped with complete shop t leihties toi the lepaii ot modeL
ind the constiuction of such models c'sls necc&oaiy loi tests It is also used Thoinp‘'oi! Product
toi student wo k on such modeis Acioss the hall tiom the mod 1
1 oom i hith
meteis gauges tiehometeis mil
othd instillments 110 MPH Wind
At the end of the hall the class room taking up th( entiie width ol the binldinj will house two wind tunnels One is 2' tcet b> I feet capallc o' a 110 mph wind ml
Sylvaiiia I lectrie Piodiiets Inc, Salem Ma^sael melts Oi tobei cO Inteiested in LL PSE ML Physi
Inc , Cle,fe
land, Ohio—Oc'^obei 20
E I du Pont dc Nemours & Co,
.3 111 in t im 1 *’ 1 ac 11 in M iliiiiny,ton Deliwaie Octohei 26 th eicol k ep it., a'ti Inteiested m ME ^omc i ehem sts
Bendix Aiiation ( np Biooklyn
N Y — Oetobci 26 and z,7
GciieiaJ ( henuc il ( o New York
— Oetobci 27
Geiieial Heetiie (o Sehenec tidy New Yoil —Oetobci 21, 22 and 2 5 All Gcneial ElcCLiie intei views will lie held m Pooin 116
tal e,, the pi ICO ol the one now m use Ilectiiial Ergmtetin^ Biiildinn
4 00 P M 6 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 00 r M 7 15 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 •’OPM
7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 30P M 8 30 P M
8 00 A M
Poiiltiy Short Couiso Poultry Buildings
Piiidiie Oidei ol Zou ives—Picnic Na-Val Tl School Gi ul Dinnii
Alpha Phi Omega
Gioup Meeting to Show 1 ilm on
Hei etor Is Flying Club
Ghii.3tian Science
Mihtaiy Ball Committee
Foiestiy Club
Debus Beauty Contest
Wednesday, Octobes* 21
m Heivik i Hall Hit othei i quiet tunnel fot clissioom demonstia tie ns mti'-ines 38 nehes by 12 inches and i cap ible ot i 40 mph wind Hie 1 itl( i is to be adjustable to illow lice flight te ts on gluleis
Sperrj tivroseope ( ompany Inc Bicoklyn New Yoik Oetobci 27 Bell Aireraff Butt ilo New York — Novembei 2 and 3 Inteiested in
MI AdoL
U S f ivil Seiviee Commission,
South B illioom Union
lioom 301 Union
Audiloiium Ag Hall
Poom 302 Union Poom 303 Union
1 (k W Reejit Rms Un A.udilo Him Iloit Bldg Noitli Billioom Union
On the iiound flooi ol the niw W islmi) ton 1) C Oelobei 29 In hull ling the ai jil me sti uetu es 1 il teieslcd m engine ois
Anipiii in Aviation ( oip Times town New Y II1 — Intel csted m
in ith m ilici ms “■
Nekoo a 1 dwauls Papei Company Poll Idwiids Wisconsin—
Poiiltiy Short Couise Boaid of Tinstees Dinnei Vaisity Christian Fellowship Maiiiage Couise Pill due Holt Club Umveisity Club Reception
Poul 13, Buildings I I leulty f ge Union Room j07 Union Rms u02 '04 Union Auditoiium Holt Bldg south Ballioom Unirn
oiateiy i loeileel md i now bein oq lipped It (ont ms a lai e ji toi ni lilting md te tiiij. in pi me win lu ela e nd ta 1 sin I ae is ajid sevd el smailei | „s loi niinoi
woik Iiieludeei in Ihi equipment Lteiejied inelumi t
aie i et ot cl (tl leil ti iin „aii^,c md a numbd ol mieioni(tei diaK
PlaiiLiidge loMI lab
Ae eoi ding to K D Wood tho (act ^ that pi 101 iLy ein talk d cx)) insu nil Ad it
the Western Union Ttltgiaph
fo—Inte estel m FF
llu (,knn I Mirtin Co P ilti
M 11 yl m 1 — Inteiested in MI (Ell md P&r Sign
Thursday, October 22
OOP M OOP M 00 P M 00 P M
Poiiltiy Slioit Couise Polme Tl Conf —Safety Institute Ind Assn ot School Bus Diivei Sei een Ri view Agi Feonomies Club P u ty PI A Boaid Membeis Bmqiiet
Peultiy Buildings W laeultyLge Union Lli/ i I owlei II ill II ill oJ Mus e Live tock Judf mg P i\ Old Clu ^tnut 1 m Union
ihe ehool hi n A hmdicipped it Peiseinel Ottiee hy Wednesehy gieallg Ho vevd tlu next steii in De t il ei 28 file build impi ove me nts when [jiiiitnmiiiiiiimrTiii llllll^ln^lll^l»lll■lll«llll«llllllll
steel and othei buililm,., equipment comes Lhioiigh is the constuulion ol i 111 Ige conneetn g the Acio md Meehanieal Liigineeiin Buildings Jins V iP taeilitite the cl( si crop c itie I b t\ ce 1 un ts e I Uie Me chani'cil and Aeionmtieil Senool
ARC
Friday, October 23
4 00 P M 8 30 P M
Poultiy Short Couise Police li Cont —Safety Institute Cosmopolitan Club Mixer
1 iiiltiy Buildings W r eulty Lge Union Loom 301 Ul ion South Balk oom Union
Ether Edits By Eddie Hornadaj Screen Guuel Playeis i etui ned to the Columbia netwoil iii a i e\v time spot Monel ly OetoLei 19 it
9 00 p m CWT
The piOe,iani loimeiiy called ‘Screen Guild Theater has I een heard over CBS tor the last th ee jeats All the stus appearing on the show donate their seiviee,> The money ordinarily given them is in stead tinned over to the Motion Pie
till e Rebel 1 unel
No moie Claude Thornhill for the duration—Claude Thornhill and his orchestra will be leatiued on the Spotlight Bands program o\ei the Blue Network at 7 30 CWP on 1 ii
day Octohei 23
The broadcast will be one oi the last lew Thoinhill will make m asmiieh as he is about to be indueteil
into the Army
As a youngster IhotnhiII stalled ■•tudying tlassie il piano but some how it just (lidn t take and when he was 15 he lan away trom home anJ got a job p aying the calliope on an Ohio Rnei sliowboat Alte*that he formed an orchestra at I Univer<-ity ol Kentucky and pLjtel there while attending '■ehool Ills tiist big job WaS with Hal Kemi land wleii he i layed the piano and did Lie iii ir,.,in loi the oidiestia He loi me d his rwii hand in 19 3 rd li | 1 lyf I all over the eountiy evti since lor liq blights el e in m radio attiaetions eonsulL lie lad o ei 1 limn ol the f xpemi'il Public To Witness Bomb Spectacle Another ptiblic demonstration sponsored by the ( hemieal Wait lie Sthool 1 scheelule 1 foi 7 ji m 1 ii d ij behird the St idium the jiiogram ol the bomb how will be almost the sime as the list one Magnesium phosphoi us and oil bombs will be iiseel but iccord ing to Colonel Johnston nothing will be burned down J htse demon stiations ue both speeLaeulir and instuietive aiiei in the p ist have it tiacted a luge audienee
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUIRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quahfy BAKERY
llloii liils Stiiiiio (f)i\ltn<ltLt Fortrnitun ) 205 1 isi Stale Phone '113
★ ★★AA-A /tAAA:A'**Ar-!lrA'Ar*AiltA'A'AAr
TODAY AND TOMORROW
lijTifl
HELD OVER ONLY 2 MORE BIG DAYS
TODAY and WEDNESDAY MEET YOUR NEW^HONEY
who scored a bit m 'Panama Hattie"!\
GAliY COOPER IN THE PRIDE OF THEYAHICEES (The Life of Lou Gehrig) with TERESA WRiGHT Babe Rutb • Weller Brenoan • Velez and Velanda Rey Noble & bis Drcbeslia • Directed by Sam Weed — ADDED — Mai (h ol Time’s “MEN OF niE FLEET”
— ADMISSION — Nights anel Sunday 50c Week Day Matinees 40c Cliildren ]5c Plus Tax
RKO RADIO P clu e w/l/j JOAN CARROLL • EDMOND O’BRIEN • RUTH WARRICK
^ ' A ^ , Ifl STEELE
They wrote this story in fingers of flamel
A Paramount Picture with BRIAN DONLEVY Macdonald Carey * Robert Preston Alliert Dekker William Bendix Walter Abel
-TODAY - TOMOROWimi!
LyMA TODAY and TOMORROW
GEORGE ir MONTGDMERY^ MAUREEN OIARA * JOHN SUTT0
f li
1 I kW
i (3i'i / n
<}.
‘■)
'- >
•W
TueMAy, October 20,1942 BoHermoker Spotts
Page 3'
Riveters Open Drills For Invasion By Wisconsin A 26 to 0 defeat by Ohio State may have left the Boilermaker football team very disappointed, but it certainly has not drushed, theit spirit. Coach Elmer Bdrnham expressed the opinion that his squad would come back stronger than ever in the forthcoming tilt with Wisconsin Saturday. Purdue was definitely outplayed last Saturday. It has become increasingly/evident that the big weakness ip the Boil- — —,— ^ ermaker squad is insufficient
man-power. Apparently there is no I’eserve strength to back
The following fraternity Touch- support the first line
men when they become tired or when they are injured.
IM Schedules
owing fraternity Toucl
1:^11 games will be played Tuesday
CTening, October 20, at 4:15:
gield
1 Phi Sigma Kappa ■v^. Phi Kap- ■: pa. Umpire, Hawkins. 2 Pi Kappa t^hi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Umpire, Bussing. I 3 Sigma Pi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Umpire, Musselman. ^4 Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Gamma >: Rho. Umpire, Rodgers. I 5 Alpha Sigma Phi ys. Tau Epsilon Phi. Umpire, Emerson. 6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. .Acacia. Umpire, Marozick. ;7 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Ump., Herman. 8 Theta Xi vs. Sigma Chi. Umpire, HarVey. y 9 Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma AIpha Mu. Umpire, Dunnuck. to Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi ' iCappa Alpha. Umpire, Thompson.: 11' Beta Sigma hsi vs. Phi Kappa Tail. Umpire, L. Miller. 12 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Lambda ;■ ‘' Chi Alpha, Umpire, Nord-
quist.
13 Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Tau. Umpire, Pilarski. 14 Phi Delta Theta Vs. Triangle. Umpire, Becker. tS ’ Delta Chi vs. Theta Chi. Umpire, Sprague. iO Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Sigma. Umpire, "Whitlock. ‘Itthe .following ward Touchball games will be played Wednesday evening, October 21, at 4:15: 1 Ward 6 vs. International. Um- , , pires, Rodgers, Marozick. 2 Ward 9 vs. Bivouac. Umpires, • '■ ‘Nordquist, Becker. ■ 3 Ward 24 vs. Circle Pines. Umpires, Bussing, Emerson. . 4 Chaupcey vs. Owen. Umpires, Shook, Hess. !> Roachdale vs. Marwood. Um- ■ pires,"Musseiman, Miller.
Certainly the situation is not nearly as bad as painted by a sports writer on a midwestern newsp'aper. The local team has shown definite, possibilities while in action against Fordham and Northwestern,
i ' '
Several Injuries Casualties of the brusing Buckeye battle have not turned out to be as bad as first anticipated. John Andretich, light halfback, suffered a broken nose; Fred Smerke, end, suffered a brused hip; Alex Leugo, center, reinjured his hand; and Otto Huriie, center, suffered an injury to his side. The team physician, however, indicated that all the injured players Would return to action against Wisconsin. Huriie was able to work out with the squad yesterday. - The travel-weary team, was not given a very hard workout yesterday. They were sent through a series of play rehearsals, but the general workout was very light. Coach Burnham dismissed the boys at 5:30, The last three games have seen th9 boys on the road and the forthcolnihg home stand will see the whole team going into the game with much more spirit and pep than they are able to show after a gruelling trip to their opponents’ field. In yesterday’s practice Coach Burn-
Badgers Boast Powerful Offense In Previous Tilts Halting the touchdown jaunts of a brilliant array of Badger backs will provide a tough assignment for the Riveters when they face undefeated Wisconsin here on Saturday in the twen-ty-seventh renewal of a time-honored series that wdl provide the annual Homecoming attraction for the Boilermakers. The Badgers, seeking their second victory at Lafayette since the modern series was renewed on an annual basis in 1925, will present in Marlin ~ “ ““
“Pat” Harder, veteran fullback, and! Elroy: “Ghost” Hirsch, sophomore halfback, two of the leading candidates
for all-team honors.
Harder, who led the conference in scoring and yardage
gains last season, has been receiv- , tt r -n -7 7 ^ Coach Hermon Phillips Boilermg more than able support from , . j -n x TT. 1 1 , . . f . . maker cross country squad will meet
Harriers Face
Wisconsin On Saturday
scored against them. Although the usual fraternity and sorority house decorations will not be in evidence this year, it is .expected that the Homecoming event will be marked with as much gaiety and with as many events as ever in
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
S
Hirsch, whose latest exploit was a 62-yard touchdown dash against Great Lakes last Saturday. In addition to this fine pair of backs. Coach Harry 'Stuhldreher of the Badgers will also call upon another fine sophomore. Jack "Wink. Last Saturday, while the Badgers were scoring a 13-7 triumph over Great Lakes, "Wink snared what was intended to be • a touchdown pass tossed by Bruce Smith, last year’s All-American at Minnesota, who now cavorts in the Bluejacket backfield. Wink snared the ball while standing one yard behind his own goal line, waded through a wave of sailors to midfield, and then sped the remaining distance to the Bluejacket goal behind a vanguard of Badger blockers. The run goes into the X’ecords as lOO yards, but ac-
tually covered 101 or more.
Series History
Since the Badgers and! Boilermakers first met on the gridiron back in 1892, the two Western Cjmference pigskin rivals have placed a total of 26 games. Wisconsin has
the Wisconsin squad on the home course here next Saturday morning, and attempt to continue on the victory trail. ^
Lose Only One
Defeated by Indiana in the opening meet of the current campaign, the Riveters bounced back to beat Illinois, and then journeyed to Columbus last Saturday where they scored a 23-34 triumph over the
Ohio State squad.
Duesler, Roach, Kinder, Seward, Lynch, Harrer and AShwell finished in that order at Columbus.' These unsung athletes run mile after mile, night after night, without the inspirational lift of headline publicity which is always accorded to college football teams regardless of how low the standing of the gridmen
may be. '
Last year saw the Riveter cross country squad run roughshod over all conference and state competition. Since then many stars have left the campus, some by graduation, others to answer the call of their country. Among these are the
thd past. A freshman football game
ham emphasized the necessity for with the freshmen from Illinois is improved line play both offensive- scheduled for Friday night, and a
ly and defensively.
Wisconsin will be facing her first conference foe in the annual Homecoming engagement here Saturday. So far this season Wisconsin has been undefeated, but was tied by Noti'o Dame. .The Badgers have aggiegated a total of 74 points as compared with a total of 30 points
varsity cross country run with Wisconsin is scheduled for Saturdjiy morning. Throngs of alumni are expected to be present for the football engagement as this will probably be one of the last times that they will be able to watch their Alma Mater in action due to the forthcoming gasoline rationing. •
It looks like the Boilermakers are forming a basis for a sad habit—a 26-0 defeat on the even week ends. The 'first and third games they looked tough. In the second and fourth you couldn’t see them for dust
stirred up by the enemy offense.
What happened in Columbus, O., on Saturday last? Well . . . one thing was that the Buckeyes have a team which, if it can play the same brand of football on the road that it does in Columbus, O., will probably win the Western Conference chanlpionship. Of course there are always upsets—ask anybody that picked the Iowa Cadets over Notre Dame or Colgate over Duke:—but we acquired a certain
amount of that scarlet-uniformed crew.
The rest of the blame simply cannot be awarded to anything but the!
been victorious 12 times, the Riv- , , tt ttt , . , , . , brilliant Ed Holderman, Woody Apeters have won nine games, while , , tt tt t ,■.
the remaining five have ended in
ties.
pleton, Don Kemp, McLaughlin and
Jarvis.
With the loss of such fine distance men, the Riveter squad is working all the harder this year, and their coach is more than pleased with the results thus far. Once again, its schedule is no bed of roses, wiffi Western Michigan, the State Meet,
. r’ • ■ i. 0.1. 1 the Conference Meet, and the Natwo years ago. Going into the final ,. , „ i, • ; ht i j ; : . TT -1 , 1 j 1. tional Collegiate Meet , following m quarter, the Boilermakers led by a ,T , , * s
T O 0. o ” c. 1 o. • o.- that order. Several optomistiC c- i. o. , '; . ,,
So when Saturday motning rolls
The Boilermakers will be hungry for victory next Saturday, since their last triumph over the Badgers was scored back in 1938. Few of the upperclassmen on the Riveter campus will forget the last visit of the Badgers to Ross-Ade Stadium
13 to 0 score.
fact that the Boilermakers were out-charged and bewildered throughout thinking tha.t a Riveter tri- those classes and eet
the game. Most of those who saw the Wildcat contest were wondering was a certainty, hauled the where the team was that beat Northwestern. It was in there according Do'Jeimakei "Vietory Bell out on the to the lineups, but it didn’t look the same. Maybe we’re wrong in laying track and waited for the end this, but it looks like the thing that has figured prominently in the un- quarter,
usual crop of upsets in the 1942 season is the transporta:tion problem.
This is a picture of a fallow kissing his girl in the dark! He may know what he’s doing but nobody else does. MORAL? ADVERTISE in the PURDUE EXPONENT
With things as they now are, if Elmer Burnham owned a railfoad himself, the team,.;ivould still have to travel in day coaches, and the schedules would still be uncertain and the routes circuitous. Oh short trips, it doesn’t ipaiie any difference, but on an all-day jaunt, the team that makes the trip will probably not be in top condition for a
game the next day. , ,
We aren’t offering excuses for the loss at the hands of'the Buckeyes, but we think that this factor has been pretty troublesome in both of the Boilermakers’ 26-0 defeat.'At any rate, we think that they’re mentally better than' the'team that was completely bottled up by the
Bucks.
At least, the Riveters 'managed to finish the battle without acquiring any permanent additions to the casualty Ust. Johnny Andretich smashed his nose in’ the first half of the game, but Trainer Lon Mann merely put it in a sling, and Johnny went right on playing. Burnham and Company are pointing for the game with the plenty tough Wisconsin Badgets next Saturday. If there are any sports predictors that didn’t go mad last week end or the preceding one, they will probably delegate the Boilermakers to the role of underdog. However, it’s the odd week end, and the Badgers have held the upper hand during the last three 'years, something'it is easy for a football team to tire of, so it might be well for both Badgers and Boilermakers to forget the records.
1940 Game
Suddenly the Badgers unleashed a passing attack which was too much for the Boilermaker defense to cope with. After scoring one touchdown, the men from Wiscon-. sin quickly regained possession of the pigskin, and unleashed another aerial offensive which was culminat-
out on that cross country course to cheer a swell bunch of Boilermakers on to victory. They don’t ask much, and they work plenty hard each
night.
Faculty Bowling
fiinda- when the Badger pass receiver English
W ..14
Agr. Chem. 1 .;...... 13 Horticulture /. 13 Poultry ........13
Notice
All freshmen and sophomores interested in trying out for Basketball Manager, report in the Fieldhouse gymnasium at 4 p. m. 'Fiiesday. Dave Lodge, Senior Mgr.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTtSTS — /|00-'l04 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
ilegistranf-s To Gef
Questionnaires
'Registrants of the fifth registration are to receive their Occupation-
al Questionnaires soon.
If a registrant tias previously enlisted in any branch of the service it is not necessary for the questionnaire to be filled out, but may be
marked “Enlisted” across the-front Missouri’s Tigers; and last Satprof it and returned to the board. day’s 13 to 7 win over Great Lakes.
streaked across the Boilermaker goal line just as the gun was fired, signaling the end of the battle.
With the score tied at 13-all, Wis- Executive ....13 consin lined up and scored the all- Engr. ....11 important point after touchdown, -^-gr- Engr 11 which enabled them to romp off the Bucitation 10 field with a victory which seemed so Speech ..10
far from their grasp just a few min-
utes before.
Last year, the Badgers scored a 13 to 0 win over the Boilermakers when game Captain Dave Schreiner blocked a punt shortly after the start of the final quarter. The second Wisconsin touchdown was made
by hard-driving “Pat” Harder when ^^.rmy he streaked 54 yards on an off- General Engr,
tackle play.
The Badger record for the current gridiron campaign shows a 7 to 7 deadlock with the Irish of Notre Dame; a victory over the Golden Avalanche of Marquette by the very decisive margin of 35 to 7; a 17 to 9
triumph scored at the expense of Forestry 7'
Pharmacy 7 Agr. Chem. 3.., !... 6 Agronomy 2 6
Naval Tr. Sta .10 Radio Engr. ............10 Elec. Engr 9 Dairy 9 Physics 9 Mech. Engr 9 Agr. Exp. Sta 9 Animal Husb. ....; 9
9
8
Chem. Engr. ..... 8 Chemistry 2 . 8 Biology , 8 Agr. Extension 8 Agronomy 1 ...7 Agr. Chem. 2 7 Chemistry 1 7
Switch to 3u<mk.
IIIIME OF
SrORTSWFAR
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO.
FIITKII SMOKING
66 Baffle Filter Thrills Smokers
USED IN MEDICO PIPES, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE HOLDERS New York—The scientific, absorbent filter has contributed mightily to the smoking pleasure of millions of men and women who have switched to Medico Filtered Smoking. Actually, the smoko must travel through 66 “baffles” before reaching the mouth. Flakes and s are trapped; and the smoko is whirl-cooled as it winds its way through the filter.
6 5 6 6 7
. 7
8 8 8 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 9
10 10 10 IQ 10 11 11 H 11 U 12 12 13 13
General Stores 5 Physical Plant 5
High Team Sets
Agr. Extension, 2844; Agr. Chem. 1, 2838; Poultry, 2777; Radio Engr.,
2775.
High Ind. Sets Connelly, 572; Searcy, 664; Roedel, 560; Sanders, 555. High Team Games Speech, 981; Radio Engr., 981; Chemistry 1, 972; Agr. Extension, 971. ■ . . High Ind. Games Beers, 212; McMaken, 210; Saii» ders, 208; "VVykoff, 205. High Team Set To Date Agr. Extension, 2844. High Team Game To Date General Engr., 1023. High Weekly Ind. Gome Beers, 212. " . High Weekly Ind. Sets To Date Lewis, 619; Liskey, 579; EUiker,
674.
I r
‘• t: ■ „
'' 4.
^ivh .
':ii‘
*u.
BurdiW E^ptment
Tue'sdc:%\ Oetbher 20^
Ilihfaii
3%e
f,
Book Worm Says: “Big battle in the Solomons”; “Sosiewhere in New Guinea”; “Antencans Bomb Rabaul in New Britain”; “Flying Fortresses Blast Bouganville”; these and many other headlines give the names of islands and places in the South Seas we want to know more about. Frank Clune, a young Australian, gives it to us in his new book, “Isles of
Spice.”
—BWS— Crossing Australia from Sydney to Darwin he sets sail in a Lockheed plane high above the monsoons for Timor, the island made famous by dozens of writers in telling the story of the “Mutiny of the Bounty”; and he adds his story to these. Passing over island after island where the blue seas are bluer and the green trees greener than anywhere else in the world, he tells of looking down in the tri-colored crater lakes of Geli Matur—“three mountain basins side by side, one is rich red, another is green, and the third is blue.” The waters of these three lakes are dyed by different soils. —BWS— “How the Dutch got their Indies”; “Kaleidoscope of Batavia”; “A Jaunt through Java” and “BorneoJaunt through Java” and “Borneo —^Land of Wild man”, are only four of the chapters, the reading of which makes many of us want to be over there with General MacArthur and his Americans. —BWS— While the author once in a while breaks out in annoying affectations of style, in the main the book is interesting from the first page to last. His descriptions of the people, their life, the history of the discovery and conquest of hundreds of these islands and his own adventures while traveling among them kept the reviewer awake one night until early morning. —BWS— At Macassar in the Celeves he takes a five hundred mile motor drive into the interior, visits a market and eats a durian. “When you break the skin ^ of a durian be prepared to run,” he says, “they smell like rotten onions, outsmell anything ever invented, but once you get used to the sm.ell, the taste is
lovely.”
—BWS— He visits Batavia’s ornate JossHouse, a barbaric pagoda, crammed with carvings of Buddha, hundreds t)f wooden sages and inlaid gems of life-size puppets. “The older I get,” he says, “and the more I travel, the more mystified I become of humanity’s multifarious credo, for which men throughout the ages have been willing to suffer and lay down their lives.” —BWS— Along the coast of Sumatra to Singapore, and thence across the sea to Saigon in Indo-China his plane takes him. And then for three hundred and fifty miles deep in the Cambodian jungles to the temples of Angkor. He calls them “the most wonderful work of human hands on the face of the globe—a sight which once seen can never be forgotten.” A wandering French Naturalist stumbled by accident upon Angkor Wat only eighty years ago, Angkor Wat “A marvel of architecture surpassing any human structure in the world, including the Pyramids, the Great Wall of China and the skyscrapers of Manhattan. The base of the building is a half mile on each side. Everything is on a tremendous scale, yet the smallest detail such as leaves on trees and hairs on the head of a life-size figure ot a man, have been faithfully depicted by the ancient craftsmen.” Homecoming (Continued from page 1) which will beature the music of Maury Mahns, ’39, and his orchestra. There will be a musical program by University students on Sunday afternoon which will conclude the week-end festivities. There will be no homecoming decorations by the student organizations, because it was voted that in view of the war effoit it wa.s a waste of money. However, the various organizations on campus will hold a series of receptions and leas in honor of the alumni. Alden H. Hadley ... of the Indiana State Conservation Department will lecture and show slides and movies of wild birds tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the large assembly room of the Horticulture Building, Anyone interested in birds will be welcome.
Staff Members Will Speak At fleeting 1^eachers'*f'o Cbhvene Thursday And Friday Twelvfe members of the University faculty and staff will participate in the annual Indiana State Teachers’ Convention to be held Thursday and Friday in Indianapolis. All Indiana elementary and secondary teachers as well as representatives from state colleges will attend the meeting. Morris E. McCarty, superintendent of Lafayette schools and state vice-president, will preside at the final session Saturday afternoon. Prof. E. R. Martell, head of the Forestry and Conservation department, will speak on “Forestry and Nature Balance” at the biology forum. Prof. C. G. Fredine, research biologist at the Agricultural Extension Station, will discuss “Wild Life in Conservation Planning”. E. P. Miller of the Chem and Met Engineering staff, will talk on the subject, “War Training In the Field of Science”. War And Peace Px’of. R. G. Thomas of the Histody, Economics and Government department will address the Indiana Academy of Social Science on the subject “When the Allies Win the War, How May the Peace Be Won”? Leland S. Winch of the Speech department will speak on “Analysis In Critique”. Gilbert D. Williams, director of WBAA, will participate in a round table entitled “What Shell We Teach About Radio In the High Schools” ? Miss Edna Troth of the Agricultui’al Extension staff and president of the Indiana State Home Economics Association, will preside at the special meeting of the association. Al Stewart, choral director, will speak to the group on “Music In War Times” and will conduct the singing. Dr. E. L. Butz of the department of Farm Management will talk on “The Hoosier Home in War Economy”. Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, will preside over the meeting of the Deans of Women and Advisors of Girls Association. Dr. Floyd Eastwood, head of the Physical Education Department for Men, will direct the Health Education discussions. Harry F. Ainsworth of the Vocational Education department will be discussion leader in the vocational forum. War Trainees To Study Aluminum Two war training classes in the metallurgy of aluminum sponsoicd by the University opened last week in Lafayette with an enrollment of 80 men. These classes present a study of the characteristics of aluminum and its alloys and the processes used for its manufacture! Thomas McCormick, chief plant metallurgist for the Aluminum Co., and Earl Schafer, metallurgist, aie
instructors.
Methods Covered Tljis course, covering the methods of exti'acting aluminum from its ores, the effects of heat treatment, and the fabrication of sheets, tubes and wire from the metal, is designed to give persons employed in the industry a better understanding of
their job.
Classes will meet twice a week for 12 weeks at the aluminum plant.
tices
■‘S
—DALZELL
Skull ami Crescent: Important meeting Tuesday, October 20, at 7 ;30 p. m. in Room 307 of the Union. —WELTY Exponent: There will be an important meetiiiB of the Town, etc., beat Tuesday uiyht at 7:15. All reporters of the beat be there. —BOSWINKLE Sigma Delta IPBi: Important meeting on Thuisday, October 22, in Room 107 of the I'icldhouse.at 7 S- m- Election of two officers will be, heia. —SEATON Distingnislibd ,^tuacnta: Distinguished students for 1912 Summer Terra may colItcl S30 refunds at.the cashier’s office in the ExeciltiVe Building. ‘ —HOLLENSBE Alpha tphi O.lhegh: The tegular meeting will be held Tue'lda’y, October 20, at 7:30 I), m, in Room 804 of Union. Dr. Hunt will sneklc. !Pleaiics,are reQueBted to 'ittend. ' , —MILDER AWS ExecntiVfc Bohtd': Meeting will be hold Wednesday, October 21, at 4 p. 411. in AWS office^ . ^ 7-CROLL Vocational Conference Coftiiifiitt^e: There will be a meeting Wednesday, Octcditr 21,
at 3:30 ^..m. in
Model Itailroaderls: will, be a meeting of Railroad Club members and all *’tudents interested^, lO mqfiol railroading at layout, 4tbL no^r' Engineering Building, *ai ‘4 b.' hi. TUea4ay,, October 20. 3'*Ianfa for’ new HO Iftyput’ ih Union will be ARMSTRONG
PAC: All members please bQ,in the Union sub-basement, room 60—today. Debris pictures will be taken. ■—LODGE Gimlet Club: Anyone who turned in their game couhona can get their tickets for the Wisconsin, Great Lakes and Indiana football games by coining to me thW week.
-FRASER
HorttcuHural Society: Meeting Wednesday evening, October IL at 7:30. Election
ot show manager. Big meeting.
—MYERS
Modern Dance: There will be an important binincs^ mictiiii' beloic practice Tlunsdav, Octobd 22, al 7 30 v m Meet in Ihe Women’s Gvm befoie dussina for prnclioe. Important thal .ill old giils be .iL thu piacticc nnd the practice on iMidny at 4 p m. - SERRAN Ri,3tol Team Trjnuts: Tb'^ folhuving ‘■tudents/are requested to vcpoil to tin Aimoiv at 4 p. m. Monday, October 20, 1o U,r onl foi the pistol team A E BulKovicb D C Caitcr, G. 1 Danly, A D Fdhnz/^ , W G Fi-chei, F. R. Herko, L V McCih'. R R Mooi'o, S. F. Cullen, E. Smol^’k U. P Taylor, C. L. Won and E W William.
- BROWN
Military Ball Committee: Meeting day, October 20, at 8 P. m. in the Weet
Recetpion Room of the
I. Ae, S. Members: Inforpial smoker on Wednesday, October 14, at 7 :30 in room 355 of the Union, Movies of previovw theses to be shown. All aeronautical vited. _ —KINNEY Pi Tau Sigma: August Initiates may obtain their shingles at the main office qt the M. E. Building. Please c«'' this week. __ —KINNEY Exponent Workers: Tlie regulnr meeting of the followiiiB persons on my beat will be held Thuisday, October 22, at 4:15 PStephenson, Vegli, Mni'tindeil, riittle, Wilbui, Higgs, Baynes, Ha.^j^an^d^Eyrrah,^ Zouaves; Picnic for actives Tuesday, OctolKi 20 Cars will leave the Armory at 4pm —JACKSON ^ Religious Emphasis Committee of 100: Mteling Wednesday, October 21, at 7:30. Very important to those interested, inquire
discussed.
Junior^ Senior Engineers; Thompson Products Inc., Cleveland, Ohio, will show jnd conduct group meeting at 4 pm. Tiusday, October 20, iVi lOH of the Mcch.mical Engineering Building. All those
JAPS PAID DEARLY when they attacked Wake Island. Heroic Marine interested are urged dttqtirt,
garrison hurled sudden death back at Jap planes raiding the strategic sjle. Grim and thrilling days of the siege arc told in “W’akc Island,” Paramount dramatization arriving today at the Lafayette Theatre. In ins®t are Brian Donlevy, Walter Abel, Robert Preston and Macdonald
Carey.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Please return all unsold season books to Playshop Office at once. —DELONG
Undergraduate Dames Club* hold a meeting lonifrht at 7.30 at the home of Mrs. Otto Eilering, :^06 )Vc3t Lut7.
La Boheme
(Continued from page II When Harry Murger published “Scenes de la vie de Boheme” in 1847, it was such a success that it IS readily undeistandable that such a story should have been noticed by the two composers of the day, Leoncavallo and Puccini. When two operas of the same stones appeared, a libel suit came forth; but it was generally accepted that both had announced theii intentions. However, of the two operas, Puccini’s has received the wider acclaim, although anas Irom Leoncavallo’s “La Boheme” still appear on concert progiams. Opera-A-La-Carte Because of the pack - up - and - travel natuie of these touring operas, they are called “opera-a-la-caite.” Scenery, lights, costumes, cast, and orchestra arrive and are fitted to all the various stages on which they perfoim. The company which Ml. Wagner has assembled travel in three busses: one for singers, one for orchestra, and one fqi stage crew and scenoiy. Doors will open tor the convocation at 6:45 p. m. and admission will be by passport or season ticket. Single admission tickets will be on sale the night ot the piifoimance for $1.10.
hey clarence > ou no that AWS wants the military ball to last til just one that to hours til teen minutes of dancing it the bands cost $1500 thats $11.11 per minute lor musicians figure it out tor yourself, mudball
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guna, luggage, typewriters Albert’s I/oan Office, 407 Columbia, Typewriters—Adding lyiacmnes, all makes sold, rented, lepaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done C J. Eberbhoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Wanted—Students foi extia work, after 4pm and evenings Apply Mtmonal Union Managei’b office F. T Malloiy, night
managci
Programs, titlal-. and all kindb of piinting at painless pnccs. Kane’s Punt Shop, 401 S 29Ui SI. Rhone 5205 Wanted—To help in laigo student rooming hous( Will give 8 hours woik daily loi one light liou'ie keeping loom, small balai> Ron II, Puidiie Exponent.
Flying Club: There will be a meeting at 't 15 tonight in Room 302 of the Union. All members please attend —CROW All MT 5 and 6 Ordnance Stqdents: Ropoi t to 1st Rt. Freel in Armory Tuesday, Octobti 20, before 4 P —GRAHAM Christian Science Organization; Regular' meeting Tuesday, Oetobei 20. in Room 303 of the Union at 7*30 p. m Short business mooting lo follow —^^WATT Ceres: Important meeting to choose fall pledges at 7:30 Tuesday evening, Octobei 20. in Room 305 of the Union. Bring dues.
. —LeMASTER
Purdue Forestry Club Meeting: Mr. Alden H Hadley, noted authoiity on buds, will lecture and show slides, and movies of birds in the Wild, Anyone interested in birds will be \v( Icomo The meeting will take place at 7:30 tonight in the auditorium of the Horticultural Building —WENDELL
Lunceford
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTMWORTH'S
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
(Continued from page II Whiteman’s father. Lunceford’s big chance came late in 1934 when Cab Calloway’s band took the night off from the New York’s famous Cotton Club. Lunceford filled in and was immediately recognized as an up and coming band. Ho went over big and has had his name in the bright lights ever since.
“We’ve been *gom’ steady’ a long time, you and I. You see. I’m a symbol of the life 'and sparkle of Coca-Cola. Therefore, I speak for Coke. I like your company. I offer something more than a thirstquenching drink, it’s refreshing. Yes siree...it’s got that extra something you can’t get this side of Coca-Cola itself. Let’s get together. Make it a Coke date.”
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY Coca Cola Bottling Co., of Lafayette, Ind., at 6th and Salem Sts.
f^ew mtder-arm iCreoTO ^©@d@r«ar8f safely I Stops F©rspiroti©ii
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Docs not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin Nowaitingtodry. Can be used right after shaving Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabric.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
GP.EETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS fliilversiiy Hook Siore . Acro&i) PiuiiL Uiiiuii '‘Itiil*’ Sainiiioiib ’2<J “Doc” Lpple MO
'mmm.
I We Do a Perfect Inside Job! Clothes to be perfectly cleaned must be cleaned ‘‘inside” as well as “outside”. We look after the details of Dry Cleaning to see that your clothes are returned in the most satisfying condition. — HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY — Drown Liundry HNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill — On the Corner
LOOSE SOMETHING? IF YOU DID, THERE’S STILL SOME HOPE ^ ADVERTISE In the Classified Ads of the EXPONENT It’s the surest way to find anything because everyone reads THE » ' PURDUE EXPONENT
; i
1 ?