T“ , V A X
> ^ y II f ‘ "T''> h \ •,
•’A ? ^ f
•*'nI'v f -r
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain, changing to show today. Tomorrow fair, not so cold.
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY Ncnrembar 8# 193$ Lofoyetfe/ ind. VoL 50 No. 48
Leadership School Will Hear Professor Hockema Prof. Frank Hockema, acting president, will informally dis^s “The Problems of Student Leadership” at the next meeting of the Leadership School sponsored by the Activities Bureau. The meeting will be held at 7:15 p. m. Thursday in the Home Economics Auditorium.
Object of the leadership school is to answer questions to the problems which arise among activity workers. The meeting will be an open discussion, and Professor Hockema will answer questions from the floor. The Bureau will give a mimeographed outline of Hockema’&> talk to each activity leader who attends. A few popular topics which will come in for discussion are: “What steps are necessary for a student to become a leader?” “Is mental work of more value than physical work, or vice versa ? ” “To what degree should the leaders carry their authority?” These and many other questions of leadership and activity work will be discussed by Prof. Hockema. Programs For Ball Will Be Distributed Thursday, Friday Military Ball programs will be distributed Thursday and Friday, it was announced by the Ball committee last night. Distribution will take place at the check room off the main hall of the Union Building. The exact time will be announced later. Covers on this year’s program, which are designed especially for this affair, are of black leather. A black eagle is embossed on the leather, and gold stars are also a part of the design. Listings of the committee, orchestra, patrons and patronesses, and the dances will be contained on the inside pages. A Call To Arms Each dance will be announced by a bugle call, and the dances will be listed by the name of the corresponding bugle call instead of a number. In order to obtain a program it will be necessai y to present a ticket, and the stub will be detached in exchange. Only one will be allowed each couple. The committee announced that if some couples fail to obtain them, they will try and make it possible for a distribution on Saturday. It will be necessary though, for the stub to be detached from the Ball ticket before the dance, and presented when calling for the program. WSGA House Heads Will Meet Tuesday Mary Agnes Kelsey and Florence Senour will discuss “How to Regulate WSGA House Rules” at meeting of WSGA House Presidents, to be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room B of the Union. Mildred Calvert will also discuss PIA tea dances at this meeting. Betty Lou Jakes, president of the WSGA House Council, will be in charge.
Cyclists Enjoy Novel Road Run Skids, bruises, upsets, and rough traveling symbolized the novel Road Run of the Purdue Motorcycle Club Sunday morning. Not a test of speed but a test of time sense, was the feature of the run. The speedometers of the motorcycles were covered, and the goal of the entrants was to drive over a 40 mile course and keep an average speed of 30 miles per hour. The run, beginning at 10:00 a. m. Sunday morning, led through muddy lanes, woods, over rough roads, and around gravel pits. Robert Strieby, who placed first missed the correct average of 30 miles per hour by only four minutes. Strieby who rode a 1935 model Indian Chief, finished around 11:45. Second place was taken by Bodkin. The entrance fee of 10 cents per person went to pay for the dinner which was given in honor of the winner. Debris Arranges Group Pictures Organization pitcure taking for the 1939 Debris will get under way tomorrow evening m the tower room of the Union, at 6:45 p. m. Groups have been assigned definite times to appear for their sittings, and are urged by the Debris staff to be present at the time and place assigned. A schedule of sittings for these pictures appears in today’s Exponent, and will continue to appear until all pictures are taken. They will be taken only on scheduled days from 6:45 p. m. until 9 p. m., and theie will be no delay as the schedule must be strictly maintained. How To Dress Proper attire for men will be dark suits, and for women, dark dresses. Organizations with uniforms are requested to appear as they desire the pictures to be taken. In the Debris these organization (pictures will be contrasted with Similar pictures of former years, in order to compare present Boilermakers with those of the “sideburn and handlebar mustache” era. This is in harmony with the general theme of the 1939 yearbook which commemorates the 70th anniversary of the founding of the University. Pictures of this year’s beauty queens and prominent athletes will also follow this trend. The girls will be photographed in old fashioned gowns as well as in modern dresses. Xi Sigma Pi... . . . national forestry honorary fraternity announces the initiation of J. M. Williamson, Morocco; T. B. Glazebrook, Tefft; W. E. Madden, Lynnville; and E. N. Stiver, Logansport.
Elliott Adds To Rejoicinff Adding to the jubilation and the congratulations swamping the campus as a result of the Boilermakers* victory over the favored Ohio State team. President Edward C. Elliott cabled the following message to his assistant. Professor Frank C. Hockema: “Convey cheers and congratulations to conquering Boilermakers Buckeye victory.’* Purdue Dad's News Precedes lU Game Purdue Dad’s News each year precedes the Dad’s Day festivities, which falls this year on the day of the Purdue-Indiana football game. The small four-page three-column edition contains news of primary interest to parents whose sons and daughters are attending Purdue. This year’s publication discusses grad employment. Dad’s Day plans, student health, living expenses at Purdue, and the various other work and activities in which students of the University are engaged. The paper is published by the students for the Dads and Mothers of Purdue, and is under the co-edi-torship of Thais Crepps and Paul Cooper, two of the Union vice-presi-dents.
Dr. Victor Heiser^ Globe Trotter, Private Physician To The World/ Will Appear As Speaker At Tonight's Convocation
Horticultural Show Opens November 11 “Exhibits at the Purdue Horticultural Show this year promise to be of more special interest and much more educational nature than those which have been shown in the past,” according to Earl Hsntnen student manager for this year’s show. The exhibition will be open November 11, 12, and 13 in the Horticultural Building and greenhouses. The main attraction this year will be the showing of 125 varieties of chrysanthemums, all of which, Hymen stated, were grown in the University greenhouses. “The exhibition of apples, nuts, and vegetables will be one of the finest yet displayed.” Hymen and his staff of student committees are working on the annual attraction and an attendance exceeding 6,000 is expected as reports from the staff indicate.
Internationally Known Dance Groups To Appear At Culture Conference
Recognized as one of the most important figures in American concert dance, Doiis Humphrey will bring three dancers of her group to the Conference on Contemporary Culture on Thursday evening, November 17 for a lecture-recital. A brilliant choreographer as well as soloist. Miss Humphrey with Charles Wiedman, has created more than 100 compositions. Many of these, though serious in theme, are humorous in treatment, since they believe that the dance should amuse.
0 Holiday For Indiana Game
“No holiday for the Indiana football game!” said Professor F. C. Hockema in response to Senate President C. G. Elliott’s query. And he looked as if he meant it. The reasons? Well, the usual ones. The schedule is already made out. We shouldn’t upset the program. A holiday now would mean makeup later. And a few extra reasons, too. We’re going to have some distinguished visitors on that day. Some of the state legislators are going to come up for a visit that Saturday and should see the University in
action. And that means students in classes, not tearing around the campus whooping up enthusiasm for the Indiana game. Dads On Campus Our Dads will be here on that day, too, Hockema pointed out. Perhaps they need to be convinced of our serious-mindedness just as the legislators do. So the Senate faces the inevitable. Agitation for a holiday is officially dropped. Meanwhile, calculating students are figuring out just how they can get out of that Saturday morning lab.
All of which looks like more material for the Senate “gripe committee,” This august body, newly created and already in action, is the official Senate “shock absorber.” J. H. Jacobi heads the committee. Aiding Jacobi are Paul Zwierlein, R. Obenchain, C. P, Hoffman, and D. D. Shinbeckler. Complaints, suggestions and criticisms on everything from non-existent holidays to campus politics are earnestly solicited by this group. All legitimate gripes submitted will be aired by the Senate.
Dr. Heisor
entertain, and astonish audiences as well as arouse them. Of their work John Martin, New York Times critic has said that “There is nothing finer, either in this country or in Europe.” Miss Humphrey is a graduate of a Chicago finishing school. After dancing in the company of Ruth St. Denis and Ted Shawn, she studied the dance at the Denishawn school in California. Later she became a featured soloist and toured with the company in America and in the Orient. Between concert engagements. Miss Humphrey teaches at her ovra studio in New York, which was opened in 1928, She formed a group with Charles Wiedman’s help and they gave performances which have brought them such popular and critical favor that they were called upon to appear with the Philadelphia Orchestra, the New York Philhar-monic-Symphony, and the Cleveland Symphony, and to stage dances for such Broadway successes as “Americana,” “As Thousands Cheer,” and “I’d Rather Be Right.” This lecture-recital, which will be the closing meeting of the conference, will serve the double purpose of introducing the layman to modem dance, and providing a be-hind-the-scenes analysis for the dance student.
Dr. Victor Heifer, “Private Physician to the World,” will tell “More of a Doctor’s Odyssey” at tonight’s convocation in Memorial Gymnasium, starting at 8 p. m. Dr. Heiser will appear tonight only, and passports or faculty season tickets will be required for admission. Tickets will be sold to the public at 60 cents, if any seats remain vacant just before 8 o’clock. Before his retirement in 1934, Dr. Heiser traveled all over the world for 20 years as director of international health for the Rockefeller Foundation and became known as its “globe-trot-ting drummer.” Everywhere he went he “sold” the idea of health, how to secure it, keep it, and make it a means to prolong life.
Contact Man
Dr. Heiser has been the contact man between disease-infested peoples and modem, preventative medicine. Through it all, he has had just one idea, the application of knov^edge to the prevention of dis-
ease.
Student Union officials invite the public to attend a short, informal reception for Dr. Heiser in the main lounge of the Union immediately following tonight’s convocation. Graduating from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia as an M, D. in 1897, he entered the United States Marine Hospital Service. From 1903 to 1915 he was chief 'quarantine officer for the Philippine Islands, and for a decade was also the Islands’ Director of Health. Although he is several years past the age of 60, Dr. Heiser’s services are still in demand. Not long ago he returned from his fifteenth trip around the world, but it was only a short time before he was' on his way again ... this time heading for Africa to study a peculiar form of leprosy found only in Central Af-
rica.
Preceding tonight’s convocation. Dr. Heiser will dine at 6 p. m. at Cary Hall Northwest. Dean and Mrs. C. B. Jordan, Prof, and Mrs. J. T. Gunn, and G. O. Arbuckle, Cary Hall manager, will be seated at Dr. Heiser’s table. Debris Receives Picture Proofs Proofs of senior pictures for this year’s Debris have been received from the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios and are now being shown daily in the Debris office from 8 a. m. until 9 p. m., F. W. Winter, Debris editor-in-chief, aimounced last night. Seniors are requested to appear at the office on the day they" are scheduled, and inspect their proofs. Postcards have been sent out stating the times which seniors are to view their proofs. Those who have not received cards as yet, will be contacted by mail within the next two weeks. Any seniors desiring p<HrtraitLpiictines may order them now, and they will be available in time for Christ-
mas.
Starting Thursday the proofs will be shown in room C of the Union instead of the Debris office.
. Convo Speaker
Co-ed, Ed Yell Leaders Meet Tonight To Start Practice For lU Game All of the girls regularly reporting for cheerleading plus others who are interested in the work, will meet at 4 this afternoon in the Women’s Gym, according to an announcement made last night by Head Man Stub-
by Meier.
Meier said the girls should be prepared to go into action as practice for the Indiana game will begin immediately. Girls should wear slacks or other suitable attire for acrobatic work. Male membership of the cheer leading staff will meet at the same time in the Fieldhouse. At the last session, when 20 girls turned out, Meier had them fill out information blanks. Reasons they ..gave for coming out included “just to have fun,” “I think Purdue needs girl cheerleaders,” and “I just want to be a girl cheer leader.” Dr. F. B. Knight... . . . has returned from the University of Michigan where he was one of the speakers on the program of the Ninth Annual Parent Education
Institute.
Model Homes On Display
There they stand in all their glory! Eight exact reproductions of the model homes recently featured in the modern living section of Life magazine. Whether you are arcbitecturally minded, interested in home building, or just enjoy looking at miniature models, you will like the eight houses now on display in the main corridor of the Home Economics Building. A California colonial house combining a typical ranch hou|e and a Spanish cottage, the traditional southern colonial, a super-efficient house without halls, a private country club home, a simple cottage, and an ultra-modem home featuring large amoimts of glass in its structure are all included in the showing.
Eight distinguished American aiv chitects planned these houses for typical families, with income levels varying from $2,000 to $12,000 per year, living in New Orleans, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, and Wyncote, Pa. Realizing the lack of national advertising concerning home building. Life presented these various homes to its readers with the hope of making people want new homes, If you are interested in what your futui'e dwelling place may look like, a visit to this display of cardboard models and corresponding floor plans may help you evolve some architectural brain child of your own.) ‘ji
fSs
£dijboJtud
THE FURDDE EXPONENT
jMduJtSJk
Tuesday, November 8, 1938
Too Little,,. , . . football color and atmosphere exist at Purdue’s home games if the complaints and opinions of a great many University students and Boilermaker fans can be credited. True, many traditional features such as the band performance between halves, the cheers, and the cord day parade liven up the routine, but there seems to be a few things lacking for the full enjoyment of the games. First, we’d suggest that students learn and sing regularly at least one more Purdue song. There are several excellent ones that we never hear. Cheer leaders and fraternity song leaders could, by working together, teach practically the whole campus another* song in time for the Indiana game. Concerted cheering at crucial points in the. game should be encouraged. Nothing is more' effective than the old touchdown cry, the urgent plea to “block that kick!” or the victory chant that arises so spontaneously when the team begins to turn on the power. Cheer leaders now try to help out with these, but they need some way to signal for such yells and to keep the fans cheering in unison. Although it sounds like asking a lot we’d like to see another Purdue song written—one that might combine cheering with singing, be used especially for football, be fast, snappy, and easy to sing. We’ve heard several people' suggest that our yell leaders be outfitted in some new and flashy uniforms, and that they all be dressed alike. That’s the thing that could be easily done in time for the last game with Indiana. Two things that almost happened but fell through at the last minute would have made worthwhile additions to the game program. Until the band and the military department got into a petty argument and decided to pick up their marbles and go home, a flag raising ceremony military style was scheduled. Financial troubles killed the other proposal... a project which would have equipped the fans with small paper megaphones through which to do their noisemaking. Last, but by no means least, Purdue needs an electric scoreboard for the stadium. The addition of the electric clock this year was a decided improvement, but the present score-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post oflice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authoidzed January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail Subecriptiott $3.60. Editor-In-Chi6f H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION staff Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editor8....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, K. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF AMistant Bnsinees Manager. - M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager - . W. F. Berg Sales Manager. — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager M. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. - W. E. Smith Art Director — J). J. Henninger RBPRESSNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madibon Ave. NewYork, N. Y. CniCAGO ■ BOSTOS ■ Los ASGELES - SAE FRANCISCO
Editor. Associate Editors...
CO-ED STAFF Sally McKee Joy Johnson, G^r^knn Shilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. - R. L. McDonald Associate Miters - - J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone i906, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Ahlf Tuesday, November 8, 1938
board is still as out of date as a model T. Electric indicators to record downs, yards to go, etc., are very badly missed. Other points for improvement could probably be found. The ones suggested here could be followed with a minimum of trouble and expense—^we believe they would add a lot to the enjoyment of the Boilermakers’ biggest and best shows ... the home football games.
AiME Views Chart On Mining industry Louis Jordan, assistant secretary of the AIME, spoke before local chapter members at their second meeting yesterday afternoon in the Union reception lounge. Jordan, after greeting the newest chapter, discussed a chart^correlating the mineral industries. John Parks presented a set of constitution amendments, which will be voted on at the next meeting, and President E. K. Lown announced the following committees: Program: A. H. Peirce, chairman; J. A. Richardson, E. D. Verink. Membership: L. S. Busch and J. M. Berry, co-chairmen; R. C. Becker. G. W. Hearne, H. E. Zahn, A. W. Risser, W. M. Dempster. Project: J. M. Ciborski, chairman; J. S. McKinsey, E. E. Undrewood. Publicity: D. G. Terrio, chairman; P. A. Phillips, W. J. Harris. Following the meeting, members adjourned to the ballroom, where a picture was taken of 40 AIME local charter members.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PUKDUE EXPONENT TODAY
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security Talk. 11:80—The Home Makers. 11 cBO—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Court of Safety. 12:15—Jim Hoffman—pianist. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1 ;15—Electrcial Shops. 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1:46—Market Reports. 2 :00—^The Warren Family. 2 :16—Patricia Keiser—pianist. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3 :15—Corrinne Ragains—soprana. 8 :30—Magic Carpet. 3:46—Joe Wilson—“Soft Music.” 4 :00—Heralds of Destiny. 4:16—Stinson Brothers—guitars. 4:30—Prof. Chas. Murphy—^Town Forum. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
R. R. Hannas Will Replace R. B. Coen As Zouave Head Cadet Colonel R. R. Hannas has been selected to fill the office of first lieutenant of the Zouaves which was recently left vacant by Cadet Major R. B. Coen. Coen was forced to become inactive in the order because of a conflict in schedule. Cadet Second Lieutenant R. W. Huffman was selected to fill the office of second lieutenant, the position formerly held by Hannas.
BROTHERLY LOVE . . . ... was shown by BUD SMITH and J. R. DREVER last week-end when two of their brothers had dates with Kappas* The girls were JEAN JONES and ELEANOR KISTLER, and they had dates with JOHN SWANDER and JACK BARLOW— Delt from DePauw—^respectively ? THE PAY-OFF . . . . . . came when SMITH and DREVER grabbed their brothers’ dates from under their noses.
NOW THAT THE . . . . . . seniors are back from their inspection trip the school will be back on its feet again—^joke. There are a lot of wild tales going around about the trip that could fit very nicely in this here column. BUT SINCE THERE . . . ... is a limited space the best that we can do is to say that the best breweries in the upper section of the country were well taken care of, not to mention several of the best—and worst—^bars.
IT HAS HAPPENED . . . . . . again on the campus. There is another couple that has decided to go steady—no pin—just go steady. The couple consist of JANE RAMSEY, Alpha Chi, and WALTER—JUDGE—BATES, from the Sig Ep house. WE ARE NOT SAYING ... ... anything about a certain Pi KA with the initials of PETE SHMUCK —^we are not mentioning his name so there will not be any hard feelings. We do wonder how he’ll take it though. ODE TO A CO-ED . . . ... NOTHING ! ! JOKE . . . Dick Stapleton — Are you the waitress that took my order? Grill-room Waitress—Yessir! Dick—You haven’t changed a bit. How are your grandchildren? RUTH ZIMMERMAN; “Tony Ippolito held the train up for 10 min-
CORRECTION! The LEICA demonstration which was advertised to take place on Wednesday, November 9, will take place today instead. THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARE
Debris Picture Sittings
Pictures will Union tower roo
below.
1 im
« taken in th^ at times shown
• Wedneseday, November 9 6 :46—X) Sigma Pi 6 :5B—Forestry Club 7:00—S. A. E. 7:06—P.I.A. Board 7 :15—Student Senate 7 :20—Independent Staff 7 :30—Sigma Delta Psi 7 tSS—Theta Alpha Phi 7 .45—Tau Kappa Alpha 7 :60—Playfahop Board 8 :06—Concert Choir 8 15—WBAA 8 -20—ASME 8 36—Chi Epsilon 8 :45—ASCE 8:50—Tau Beta Pi 9 :00—Ceres Thursday, November 10 7:00—Hoof & Hoin 7 :05—Agriculturist 7 :16—Pharmacist 7 :20—Kappa Psi 7 :30—Alpha Phi Omega 7 :86—Gold Peppers 7:45—W.S.G.A. 7 :60—Y.W.C.A. 8 ;00—Sportswomen 8 :06—Triton Club 8:16—W. A A. 8 :20—Engineer Edit 8:80—Engineer, Bus. 8:86—Scabbard & Blade 8:46—^Delta Eho Kappa 8:60—Luncheon Committee , 9:0Q—Alpha Zeta
Appear promptly! Schedule must be maintained. Wednesday, November 16 6 :46—ll 6 :60—1 7 :00—11 Co-op Houses 7:06—11 7:16—1 7:20—ij 7 :80—Sigma Delta Chi 7:86—Caraeia Club 7 :45—Freshman Debate 7 :60—Varsity Debate 8:00—Co-ed Debate 8:16—Reamers 8 '20—Gimlet 8:30—Skull and Crescent 8 :35—P O M.M. 8 .46—Zouaves 8 50—Cosmopolitan Thursday, November 17 6 :45—Alpha Lambda Delta 6:60—Eta Kappa Nu 7 :00—AIEE „ 7 :06—Phi Lambda Upsilon 7 :15—Catalyst 7:20—AIChE. 7:80—AIChE. 7 :36—Exponent Edit. 7 :46—Exponent, Bus. 7:60—Fi Tau Sigma 8 -00 —Debris Edit. 8.05—Debus, Business 8:15 -Debris Photo Staff 8-20—Union Woikers 8 30—Union Workers. 8 50—Kappa Delta Pi 9:00—Omicron Nu 9 05—Exponent, Co-eds
mfmem TODAY — WEDNESDAY
— plus — PHIL SPITALNY'S HOUR OF CHARM'
ARC
TODAY ~ WEDNESDAY
Wiib RITA OEHMEN RAY WHITLEY Plclore -Also-'— ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars”
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . . For Business or Pleasure . . . REIMERS RENT-A-CAR Phone 6455 314 N. Fourth
‘Oh, he doesn’t mind us watching now—^he’s just cooking up a little soup for din ner.”
utes at Ohio. He couldh’t find his bag.” TWITTER BENTON: “Why, did he have a date?”
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
25«*«** DURBIN It. CMmJTAGF With kMELVYN DOUGLAS^
HOME FOOTBALL SCHEDULE Nov. T9—Indiana (Dad's Day) PIGGLY WIGGLY
luma TODAY — WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
\\ with WALTER PiDGEON II —PLUS— The greatest married sleuths since “Mr. and Mrs. Thin Man”. MELVYN DOUGLAS FLORENCE RICE in “FAST COMPANY”
u Today - Tomorrow
jOM —funnier than twr In Broailwaif’s Me comedy aensatiofll MW with LUCILLE BALL ANN mim Frank ALBERTSON • ie% An RKO RADIO RIotl
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. H. G- (DEAC) REISNER
iT must TASTE BETTER WITH THIS FILTER
NEW SHAPES & FINISHES
.wMEDICO "Never bites my tongue. Juices never reach my mouth. I never had to break It in. And the tobacco's much more fragrantl Changing my filter gives me a clean pipe. Medico's Filtered Smoking is truly sensational.Tuesday* Ncivetaber 8. 1938
THE PUBDtJE
-
EXPONENT
» #
Nov, 12 Saturday Cec Isbell Likes Professional Footbal I, Evening Post To Co-ed Cheer Leaders, Purdue's Chances
Feature New Cars
The Saturday Evening Post will emphasize the November 12 issue over and above others, as this issue will feature' the new automobiles for '39. jt This issue of the Post will hit the newsstands at the same time the automobile show opens in New York City. The November 12 issue is on sale at the beginning of a new year * in the motor car business, which is most important in the business and economic life of America. ^ Not all of the new models are shown in this issue of the magazine, for some of the new models have already been announced and . others wfll follow later, but a great ' number of the new cars are shown. These advertisements are set so as to give the dealer a window display piece when the Post is opened ^ to their ads. The November 12 issue also carries its usual supply of articles and t short stories by many well known authors.
By Don Terrio "Certainly, I like professional football. The game is getting cleaner, better officiated, and is eiirolling a larger percentage of really clean-cut boys every year,” commented Cecil Isbell, Purdue grid star of last year, while sitting on the Packer bench at Sunday’s Green Bay Packers-Chicago Bears battle at Wrigley Field, Chicago. Kickoff, fumble, touchdown, conversion. Kickoff, fumble, touchdown and conversion. And the score read 14-0 for the Packers after only two minutes and 45 seconds of sensational play. Two fumbles on the first three times the Bears had the ball, followed by Green Bay’s rapidfire, hard-hitting touchdown plays, kept 40,208 shouting fans on their
feet.
In the shadow of their own goalposts, the Packers kept Chicago from scoring during the final minutes of play, to win the game 2417. Isbell saw action during the final minutes of the last half of the game. Lambeau Praises Cec “Cec is a great fellow and a great
VOTE
REPUBLICAN ^ E1 M
r M
kt IM for AVriD
m of W(
rktKJK isi Lafayette
player. If he did not have an injured ankle he would really be in there showing those Bears something today. He has already proven himself.” Green Bay’s knowing coach Curley Lambeau speaking. Cec twisted his ankle in the game with Cleveland on October 30. He also has a taped up little finger on his left hand, dislocated during the second game of the year. “Say, that idea of girl cheerleaders at Purdue sounds pretty good to me. Have the girls visit Green Bay sometime and give my teammates a treat” voiced the new wearof Green Bay’s Green and Gold. Harder Tackling “Pro football differs from collegiate football, primarily, in that more passing is done and tackling is much harder. Also, more field goals are made, since the goal-posts are on the goal line.” Monnett whips a 49-yard pass to Gantenbein, putting the ball on the 1-foot line to end the first quarter. Ed Jankowski plunges over the line on the first play of the next quarter, and the Packers on the bench go wild. “The enthusiasm and turn-out of Green Bay rooters makes up for the missing student cheering section. The game is just as spectacular as college ball, and team spirit is just as strong. It’s a great bunch of boys from all over the country,” continued Cec. Returns In February Isbell believes he will play pro football for “a few years yet.” He plans to reregister at Purdue in February, expecting to graduate in
June.
“Purdue should beat Indiana this this year by at least two touchdowns,” said Cec. “Although I can’t see the games, I follow the team closely in the papers, still pulling strong for Old Purdue. The boys have won several bets for me already this year, bless ’em!”
t y
^ia out . . • Loeb’s offer a diversified collection of glamorous new formals and dinner dresses in . . . lustrous brocades, that come in metals and silks . . . deep, rich velvets . . . filmy nets and chiffons . . . rustling taffetas, and moires in soft pastel shades, whites and blacks.
% 9^
Evening Capes and Coats Full length velvet capes lined with a contrasting shade of wool twe^d . . . velvet coats ... all lengths . . . trimmed in silver fox and lapin. $10.95 io $39.50 Evening Accessories White Angora Boleros $7.98 Formal Evening Veils $1.00 m all pastel shades including white Formal Ostrich Feathers $1.00 Velvet Flower Tiaras $1.00 Formal Doll Flats $1.00 In Velvet Flower Petals at $2.50 LOEBiHENE COMPANY
$lelder*§...*
Seven . . . now there’s a number that was of significance in Saturday’s game with the Bucks of Ohio ... in the first place it was the seventh Purdue-Ohio State fracas . . . secondly, it was the seventh game on the Purdue schedule . . . third, there were ju^t seven minutes left to play in the game when Brock fomped across the Ohio goal line for the first Boilermaker score, and thus all of Purdue’s scoring was done in the last seven minutes . . . then last, but not least, there were seven bottles of 70 proof whiskey which were drained of seven fluid ounces in seven minutes in the seventh section in the last quarter . . . a great number, seven. —^fc— With seven games filed away in the past accounts, Purdue has scored 71 points to its opponents 32 . . . the line seems to be protecting that Gold and Black goal line better, too ... in the first five games each of the opponents managed to fight into Purdue pay dirt for one touchdown . . . these last two games, however, the Boilermaker goal line has come through unsullied by foreign ball carriers. —^fc— We have been saving an article from the CHICAGO TRIB which appeared at the first of the season hoping that we would be able to gloat over someone’s mistaken ideas as the season drew to a close . . . the story went on to tell how strong seven teams in the Big Ten appeared to be and then they came to poor Chicago, unlucky Iowa, and little downtrodden Purdue . . . “Purdue, while fast enough to threaten frequently, doesn’t look strong enough in linemen or experience,” it said, and we mopped up big briny tears which coursed down our cheeks at the thought of such a terrible season . . . now is the time we’ll take time out to fiendishly read it again with the malignant satisfaction in the thought that people do get false impressions after all. Cross Country Team To Enter State Meet With hopes running high after defeating Butler 22-23 last week, the Boilermaker distance-striders will travel to Indianapolis Saturday Ifor the state drOss-coun|try title meet. The meet is scheduled for a morning start.
Elward's Gridmeh Rest After Ohio State Victory Maloney Ends Collegiate Football Play; Riveters Prepare For Indiana Battle After playing one of the most stellar games of the season against Ohio State Saturday, Purdue’s elated gridmen were given a well earned rest yesterday. The Riveters will start their active drill tomorrow for the season’s finale with Indiana a week from Saturday with the Old Oaken Bucket at stake.
■ Maloney Out Jim Maloney, 162 pound guards
who more than made up in speed and fight what he lacked in weight, concluded his grid career during the Buckeye game when he frac-
tured both bones in his left arm.
Week-End Warfare Reduces Ranks Of 'Football Greats'
By Robert J. Dieckard Tenacious jinxes, awesome winning streaks, and hard-won reputations were rocked by a series of startling explosions over the weekend as a nation-wide football program that had looked innocuous enough on the surface turned out to be dynamite for a dozen well-estab-lished favorites from East to West and North to South. Hit hardest in the day’s carnage was the mighty Pittsburgh scoring machine that had rambled through 22 straight games without defeat. Matched with an inspired Carnegie Tech team that hadn’t beaten Pitt since 1928, they saw the Engineers roar away with a 20-10 victory. Pitt Has Company But Pitt wasn’t lacking for company. California, believed headed for a second visit to the Rose Bowl, probably lost all chance of New Year’s aspirg.tions and the Pacific Coast conference title in a 13-7 upset by Southern California. Northwestern, aspiring to the Big Ten championship, was knocked out of the unbeaten ranks by Wisconsin, 20-13. Resurgent Alabama, Rice and Southern Methodist emphasized the foot in football with field goals that beat favored Tulane, Arkansas and Texas A. & M. Blast Ancient Hoodoos Syracuse and Rutgers blasted hoodoos of long standing. Syracuse triumphed over the Red Raiders for the first time since football’s inaugural in 1869.
'The Boilermaker forward wall keenly felt the loss of Carl Verplank, guard, who has been unable to play since the Wisconsin game, because of an ankle injury. It is likely that he will be ready to play in the Indiana battle, according to Coach Mai Elward. Coach Pleased Elward had nothing but praise for his fearless eleven and emphasized, “It was not only a team victory, it was a squad victory. The team battled not only Ohio State, but the bad breaks for the first three quarters of the game without a letdown of morale. “The manner in which Jack Winchell, a comparatively unknown sophomore, filled in at right guard after Maloney was hurt is typical of the t3^e of Purdue spirit which these boys are establishing as a tradition,” he said. TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 1— Theta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. Brodsky 2— ^Delta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Evers 3— Sigma Alpha EpsiIon vs. Phi Kappa Tan. «, Fishel 4— Sigma Alpha Mu vdt Beta Sigma Psi. „ Lamoureaux 6—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa. McGrath 6— Acacia vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Margolian 7— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Chi Rho. Smithson 8— Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Wetiola 9— ^Theta Tau vs. Delta Upsilon. Troyer 10— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 11— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Berry 12— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Boyer
A CAMPUS HANGOUT During a free hour meet your friends and spend some time in Tom's. SANDWICHES SHORT ORDERS DELICIOUS DINNERS 25c ARMORY RESTAURANT 301 University Street
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, staadazd and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as Supplies. C. F. Ebewhoff. 805 Main street.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Your laundry. Call 36614. Free delivery
ROOMS FOR RENT
MODERN six-room boose. Three bedrooms. South Ninth Street, Phone 2216.
LO$T AND FOUND LOST—Post slide rule marked W. H. L. Please contact ladgard. Phone 2487.
LOST—Slide Rule near Armory. Finder please notify R. S. Pettibone, 413 University. Phone 76721. Reward.
HE’LL TAKE EVERYTHING BUT YOUR MEMORIES
Insure your supply with a 1939 DEBRIS. You will never regret the purchase of one. ONLY 7 MORE DAYS REMAIN TO GET YOUR $4.00 ALBUM. DEBRIS
3--
/
HI
^CodoL OdA.
THE PtntDUE EXPONENT
TUdkoA.
Tuesdoy/ November 8, 1938|
Miller Will Address Radio Club Meeting Weekly meeting of the Pui’due Radio Club tonight will feature an address by G. K. Miller, EE '32, on the subject of “Frequency Modulations.” The meeting is called for 730 in room 264 of the EK building. Mr. Miller is at present on the EE staff, teaching in the communications option. He will augment his talk by several demonstrations of the use of frequency modulation in testing receivers and amplifiers.
^filitary Ball Committee i Important meetinsr at 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 8, in room 202 of the Armory. —TREECE.
ME 30-Thermodynamic8: There will be a makeup period for missed tests Wednesday, November 9, at 4 p. m. in room 207 ME building. —MUNRO.
. Library liOcker Holders: Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your locker. Lockers not reported by December 1 will be considered as not in use, and the lock will be cut off. —HEPBURN.
Camera Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in the tower room in Union. Mr. Paul Heinz of E. Leitz Co. will give illustrated lecture on uses of the Leica camera, Tuesday, November 8. —OBLINGER.
ASME Members: Meeting Thursday, November 10, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Prof. C. W. Beese will discuss the Chas. T. Main award —WOLVERT.
Archery; Meeting Tuesdav, November 8, in room 106 in Fieldhouse at 7:30 p. m. Election of officers will be held All men and women archers are urged to report. Beginners are welcome —KUSrZER. Silver Mask: Meeting will be held Wednesday. November 9, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. —LEVIN.
ASME: Members and prospective members meet in the tower rom of the Union Building Wednesday, November 9, at 8:20 p. m for Debris picture , —CLUTTER.
Senior Military: Makeups in MT 7, History and Policy Students who missed class Tuesday and Wednesday, November 1 and 2, will make up work missed at 4 p. m. Thursday, November 10 in room 103, Armory. Absentees on Thursday and Friday, November 3 and 4 will attend one of the following schedule hours: 3 p. m., Tuesday, November 8: 8, 9, 10 a. m., and 2 p. m. Wednesday, November 9. Test for current week postponed. —PICKERING.
ASME: Members please get your pins and membership cards from the computing room between 4 and 4 :30 p. m. today. (11-8) —CI.UTTER.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: All freshmen and sophomores report to Kolb in the office in the Union at 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 8. —BEHRENDS.
Eta Kappa Mu; Meeting Wednesday, November 9, at 7 p. m. in room F of Union. Election of pledges Actives please be present. —KECK.
Agriculturist Staff: All staff members, freshman and sophomore workers please meet in tower room Thursday, November 10 at 7 p. m. for Debris picture. —KINGSLEY.
WSGA Interviews: All freshmen and transfer women who have not reported for activities interview, please come to WSGA office Wednesday, November 9, between 4 and 6 pm. —BARMES
Debris Salesmen: Important Debris meeting in Debris office Tuesday, November 9, at 4 p m. —EDWARDS.
Playshop Stage Crew: Meeting in subbasement of Union Tuesday, November 8, at 4pm —MILLER.
Activities Sophomores: Will the following committee please meet me in room F, November 8, at 4 p m.: Bass, Burkhardt, Edwards, Gluck, Hoover, Lemon, Rehm, P. Wilson, D Wilson. —BAKER
YWCA: Meeting of the Settlement House group, Tuesday, November 8, at 4 in the YWCA office —SCHWAB
Xi Sigma Pi: Debus picture will be taken Wednesday, November 9, at 6 :45 p. m. in the tower room of the Union All members are urged to attend. —ROMEISER. Pi Tau Sigma: Selection of pledges, Tuesday, November 8, at 7 p m in Union reception room Meeting will be over in time for convocation Attendance is very impoitant —HARVEY MT 7-Tactics: Make up classes, for seniors absent during inspection trip week, will be held in room 202, Armory, November 8 and 9. B hour will be on Tuesday, A hour on Wednesday. —THOMPSON.
Activities Bureau; My committee meet me in the Activities Bureau office today at 4 p m This meeting is very important Please bring your part of the activities book. (11-8) - —BREUER.
the Purdue Exponent Service \ Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
PAUL A. RISK-—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—O.D.S.
G. RISK
ROBERT
LUTHER A
O.D.S.
RISK—D.D.S
Schultz Sulldii 4th and Main
ne 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V4 Vine Waat Lafayette Phone 4965 ■■■■"— I' ' " ' • jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
e Locksmith
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Dine
SMITTY'S^COACH for Food that really satisfys. Our prices are always right. 331 Northwestern Ave. IF You like delicious Tenderloin Sandwiches or Chile, TRY FRANK'S PLACE 111 Vine Street
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOT
Scrivener: Manuscript reading meeting Thursday, November 10 at 7:46 p. m. at 126 West Lutz Avenue. Special guest meeting Sunday, November 13, at 7:80 p. m. at Doctor Sutcliffe’s. , —JUSTIN,
ule: Tuesday, November 8—Juniors vs. Seniors. Wednesday, November 9--Frosh “B” vs. Juniors. Thursday, November 10—Sophomores vs. Seniors. Friday, November 11— Sophomores vs. Juniors. —SHAFFER.
to the Fieldhouse balcony at 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 8. —STEPATH.
Cosmopolitan Club: Very important business meeting Wednesday, November 9, in room B of the Union at 7:30 p. m. All members are urged to be present. —AYASUM.
Glider Club: Open meeting in the reception room of the Union Wednesday, November 9, at 7 :30 p. m. —MOORE.
Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting at Beta house Thursday, November 10, at 6 p. m. Please be prompt. —DEAN.
Ed and Co-ed Cheerleaders: Co-ed cheerleaders report to Women’s Gym Tuesday, November 8, at 4 p. m. Ed cheerleaders report to the Fieldhouse at the same time. —MEIER.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Will the following sophomores please meet in room F, Activities Bureau Office, at 4 p. m, Tuesday, November 8, for a short meeting Intervieweis • Paul Wilson, Reg Bass, Dorothy Ellis, Dick Nickolski, George Hamilton, Marge Moore, Bob Brody, Ralph Kotfila, B. H. Morgan, G. B. Kirkpatrick, W. Gipe, Bob Applegate, T. S Hildebrand, Dick Wilson, Art Reddoe, Dorothy Andrew, Joe Hays, Rosemary Fell, Virginia Wright, Joann Gerr, Jean Shake, Lela Gabler, Chuck Martin, Bob Bauman, Bill Rehm. Committee Work: W. C Risley, C G. Spoerei, Betty Jane Darr, Martha Pabst, Peg Meagher, Betty Cocking. —JORGESON.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to Felix Tuesday, November 8 at 4 p m in the Engineer office: Horth, Andeison, Denlinger, Gale, Layson, Shankland, and Hawkins —RICE.
Freshman Editorial Workers: The following schedule is now in effect. All freshmen not yet scheduled contact me. Monday: Ehrhardt, Etter, Traugott, Riegle. Tuesday: Ochiltree, Kuch, Parks, O’Connell. Wednesday: Kennedy, Fletcher, P. Miller, Skallerup. Thursday: Schlossberg, Ruffner, Seark, J. Mueller, Friday: Payne, Daft, W. Smith, Robertson. Saturday: D. Clark. Any worker desiring to change to Saturday may do so. (11-11) —HARDIN. Contemporary Culture Committee: Committees of representatives from each co-ed activity will meet Tuesday, November 8, at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office. ^ —ELSTUN. Forestry Club: Debris pictures will be taken Wednesday, November 9, at 6:66 p. m. in the Tower/., Room. All members are asked to be on time. —GLAZEBROOK,
Fencers; All sophomores, juniors, and seniors interested in varsity fencing report
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of EE Building, —GANNON.
prospective members will be taken Wednesday, November 9 at 8:45 p. m. in the ITnion Tower room. Proper dress will be required. —AHRENS. f
ASCE: Debris pictures of members and
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting in room C of the Union Building, Tuesday, November 8, at 7:60 p. m. -^cINTOSH.
M. E. 30 Students: There will be a makeup test for all those who have missed previous tests Wednesday, November 9, at 4 p. m. in room 207 of the M. E. building. —MUNRO.
Student Senate: Senate keys are available at 201 Vine street for the price of $1.76. (11-10) —JACKS.
Sports Women: All sports women are requested to be present at a special meeting Tuesday, November 8, at 4 p. m., in the WAA office. —SHAFFER.
Rifle: Volunteer range officers needed for hours 3 to 4 daily. Phone 2875 stating hours you can serve. (11-10) —CLEVETT, WSGA House Presidents: Meeting Tuesday, November 8, in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. —JAKES.
WAA Hockey: Class tournament sched-
VOTED! The Students’ Choice At Purdue Crown Cleaning Service The popular choice because of the extra quality it gives. Moth proofing at the same operation by the Monite Process, but no extra charge. @EtowN Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
KNOTS YOU ALL
o
P
W'
ARROW TIES
HAVE SEEN
SEE ms WEEK’S POST
wLOM
V' 'w
^ page 145
1 The Door-Knob Knot
2 The Poe-Wee Knot
3 The Pump-Handle Knot
4 The Skew-Gee Knot
5 The Arrow Knot
TBE GUH’TOTER
01'
I Of
roS]<
beware the oid fOUtS^ VOTE! .‘Let’s go after the young people’s voter • = nr labor. Or the liberals. But are pohtiaans. Or b p^^fessor Dickinson they guessing g f™,rth of all Ameripoint, outttiat^on^aot al^^ ^ast Mty. Ha picture. r^^ne shift in voting shrewd demagogues have star onto the pension hand wagon. See page h3 FRANK G. DICKINSON Assistant Professor of Economics, University of Illinois
••Stranger, would you object to coming down into the^ street? I want to talk to you.
BOSY BIBGE
•PeopleinMissountal^ . about Tipton Tadlock in . hushed voices. Hi had killed five men before he _ xip’d lived hard, anci was seventee . him. trouble wandering and Now, alte y ^„wn, mystery, he re , -md two men runs headlong into love-ana who seek U. Romance of Rosy Eidg?^you know this author’s wH^; and you’U interest in this new tale ot roma.
adventure.
J, MacRINLAV KANTOR
“•VHIS IS WAR!
. - ^ £
Hortense was the
velous amber red hair. C^ls. A cutey-wootey. It was si ing how the fellows all felHor her. “She’s got what itmke^; all right.” I J^Horhave,” smd Carol, ^ut Ho ^ tense knows how to use m Read how the boys went for
Our Friend Hortense
by ROSALIE MELLETTE
i'-m
ALSO IN THIS ISSUE: PREP SCHOOL COACH. Earl C. MacArth|ff, who coached Larry Kelley at Peddie, writes of coaching at school where football is played for sport, not gate receipts. “AHILINE PILOTING IS NO FUN. They boss you by radio too much. I don’t have to ask anybody if I can take off!” With that, private pilot Gord Henderson takes off for New Orleans—and trouble! A dramatic short story, Communioationa, by Leland Jamieson. 400 NEW DEALERS now run America. Reporters Joseph Alsop and Robert Kintner, continuing their story of the Brain Trust and what it has led to, tell you about them in We Shall Make America Over. AND . . . Garet„Garrett on the Machine Crisis. , . . Short stories, editorials. Post Scripts, cartocwis and fun .. . All in this week’s Post, now on sale.
't
■i >