’ -.'^'v '?”' -'*’'* '"' ' 1. >*\ j".v- ' M ,y '’
EDITORIAL Presents Views On Good Teaching
Established 1889
MERRY-GO-RtiHtfNiii
Farley Holds
1
Secret Luncheon #*5
Let’s Start All Over
Volume 56, No. 27
Purdue University, West LafOyette, Indiana
Tuesday, June 29, 1943
University Members Mourn Death Of Three
Dr. Stanley Coulter University Will Offer
Passes Away In His Ninetieth Year
Eight Week Semester
Served UniVersity Thirty-Nine Years Dean Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of men and dean emeritus of the school of science, was known far and wide as the “Grand Old Man of the University”. Dean Coulter died Saturday at St. Elizabeth hospital following a fall earlier in the week at his home which resulted in a
“Grarid Old Man of the University” ■ / broken hip. Dr. Coulter celebrated his ninetieth birthdady on June 2. Dr. Coulter, who served the University for 39 years, was born in Ningpo, China on June 2, 1853, where his parents had gone in oi'der that his father might take charge of missionary publishing in the Orient. Upon the death of his father, he returned to this country with his mother, the family settling at Hanover, where his grandfather had founded Hanover College some years before. Graduated Prom Hanover In 1871 he was graduated from Hanover, and three years later received his Master’s degree. He taught school at various points in Indiana for sevei’al years, spending some time at Logansport, where he was married on June 21, 1877. Ten years later, in 1887, he first joined the University staff as professor of biology and director of the biology laboratory. He distinguished himself in his chosen field, being honored by his alma rfiater with the Ph. D. and Doctor of Laws degrees* and in 1907 was named Dean of the School of Science at the University. Later, in 1919, he was given the added duties of Dean of Men, being the first man to fill the post at the University. Treasured Contacts Although showered with academic and scientific honors. Dean Coulter himself treasured most his close contacts with University students and alumni. “The thing that stands out most in my life and that which I consider my greatest accomplishment,” he once said, “is the contact had and the confidence held with the thousands of students with whom I dealt as dean of men at the University. While long known as a scientist, it was through his public works that Dean Coulter was best known to the people of Indiana as a whole. He served as President of the Indiana Anti-Tuberculosis Association, later being named an honorary vicepi'esident. Pounder Of Porestry Board Dean Coulter was one of the founders of the State Board of Forestry, and served as a member for 14 years until it was merged in 1916 with the State Commission. He served as chairman of the Conservation Commission for a number of years and was long closely identified with its activities. He also served as president of the Indiana Audubon Society and Indiana Academy of Science. He was a member of the Western Society of Naturalists, the Botanical Society of America, and the American Genetic Association.
In order to meet its responsibilities as a national war training agency, the University will continue to cooperate to the fullest extent with the several branches of the armed forces. This means meeting new problems in new ways. One of these new problems has been presented by the Specialized Training Programs about to be inaugurated by the Army and the Navy. The program for the War Department is based upon twelve week terms of instruction, that of the Navy Department upon sixteen week terms. Neither of these corresponds exactly to the terms of instruction now provided in the University schedule. For the purpose of enabling the University to utilize the staff and equipment with maximum effectiveness and economy, the Faculty of the University has approved a plan whereby the reguW terms of instruction for civilian students will correspond to the terms of the Navy program, since the differences between those two programs are negligible. In order to accomplish this change-over, an abbreviated period of instruction, known as the “Semi-term”, will begin August 31,1943, and end on October 27, 1943. For the period of the “Semi-term”, students will be permitted to earn approximately nine credit hours. Classes will meet twice as often as in a sixteen week term. Fees will be the usual $5.00 Registration Fee plus one-half of the total of the remaining regular fees. For those students now in the seventh term, arrangements will be made for a second “Semi-term” of eight weeks, beginning about November 1, thus enabling 'them to graduate in December, .1943, as originally scheduled. In some cases, students who attend the “Semi-term” will be able to meet graduation requirements after seven and one-half terms. In other cases the “Semi-term” will provide an opportunity to make up work, or to increase the number of credit hours of B grade. In the case of students now attending the University under Selective Service deferment, the deferred status cannot be continued unless the students are enrolled in the “Semi-
term”.
All civilian students, men and women, are urged to enroll in the “Semi-term”, thus maintaining the continuity of their training. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Prof. Young Began Long University, Career In 1899 Former Dean Also Active In Athletics By Sidney Tuesburg Dr. G. A. Young, Prof. Emeritus of the school of Mechanical Engineering, who died Sunday afternoon, served the University as head of that school from 1912 until his retirement last year. Prof. Young graduated from
Ross, Coulter, Young,, Former Staff Men, Die David E. Ross, President of the Board of Trustees, died early yesterday morning at the Home Hospital following a year’s illness. His death followed closely: those of Dr. Stanley E. Coulter, former dean of men and former dean of the Science School, and Prof. Gilbert A. Young, former head of the School of Me-
chanical Engineering.
Dr. Coulter died Saturday night at St. Elizabeth’s Hospital at the age of 90, and Prof. - Young, know to alumni as “G. A multitude of people mourn A.”, died Sunday afternoon at the untimely departure of Dathe home of his son, Keith, at vid E. RosS from their own Pontiac, Mich.^ of a paralytic lives^ This modest man of stroke. This was also the cause of might for more than fifty years Ross’s death. f farmer, engineer, invenBuried On Campus manufacturer. Always he According to-his own wishes, readv to art either as servDavid E. Ross will be buried oji a ^ act eiifter as serv knoll overlooking the University loader of men of good and the Airport on the Housing re- will. He not only created his search campus following the funer- own distinguished and USeful al to be held at 2 Thursday after-» career, but he created the caTT • VL x -1, reers of a host of others. He from 2 till 4 Thursday for the fun- waS a multiplier of the power eral, which will be held at the Cen- of men. Many knew him only
as the inventor and maker of a steering device for motor vehicles. Many more knew him as the inspirer of men for the right of steering their own lives. Above all he dedicated his own life to the youth of the Nation. This is a sorrowful
David E. Ross Dies in Hospital After Long Illness Ross-Ade Stadium Stands As Memorial Graduated from the University in 1893 from the EE school, David E. Ross was nationally known in eii^neering, scientific and civic circles. Inventor, manufacturer, financier, farmer and alumni trustee besides being one of the University’s greatest benefactors, Ross gave ansel-
Will Not Permit Issuance Of Extra Gas For Vacation In*response to a number of inquiries from University students, officials of the Tippecanoe County Rationing Board pointed out in a recently issued statement that OPA i-egulations will not permit the issuance of supplemental gasoline for returning home. In accordance with the OPA ruling, which covers cars brought to the campus since Christmas, it will be necessary for students planning trips home to save their regular ration coupons.
\
New Class Of Sailors Begins Work Monday Naval Company 14 arrived at the University this week and will begin their 16 weeks of class work on Monday, in preparation for the petty officer rating of Electricians Mate, third class, or “striker” for that rating. Commanded by Lt. (j.g.) Somers, the men will be housed in East Cary Hall receiving instruction in electrical theory, electrical laboratory, wiring laboratory, tool laboratory, and mathematics. / The new arrivals, who replace the tenth company, received their “boot” training at Great Lakes, 111., and Sampson, N. Y. The 193 men who graduated as members of the tenth company have all been assigned to advanced training stations for gyrocompass training, submarine warfare, convoy duty training, amphibious training, or to active duty with the fleet. Pen.all'y Days Friday, July 2 and Tuesday, July 6 are penalty days. A student who is absent from class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of $5.00 for each day or fraction there of missed.
1 Cary Hall Exhibits Picture Of Cutter Picture of the coast guard cutter, “Escanaba”, which was reported sunk in the Atlantic a few days ago, now hangs in Cary Hall and will serve as a permanent reminder of the vessel’s service in the war. The picture was painted in water color by Lloyd Moser, a University graduate ’32, at Benton Harbor, Mich., when the vessel was launched eleven years ago and was purchased at that time for the Cary Hall col-
lection.
Former Dean M. E. School South Dakota State College in 1894 and began his extended educational career there the same year as instructor in practical mechanics. He attended the University during the long winter vacations while teaching at South Dakota and received bis B.S.M.E. degree in 1899. That year Prof. Young joined the University staff. From then, until his retirement, he served continually as instructor, assistant professor, full professoi’, and head of the school. Master Degree From Harvard He received the degree of Mechanical Engineer from the University in 1903; and in 1910, after a year’s leave of absence, the degree of Master of Mechanical Engineering from Harvard. From the time he became head of the school the number of Mechanical engineers annually graduating has increased more than seven-fold. (See PROF. YOUNG, page 4)
tral Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. Active and honorary pallbearers will be announced in the EX-
PONENT Thursday morning.
Coulter Services On Wednesday Funeral services for Dr. Stanley Coulter will be held at three Wednesday afternoon, and all University activity will cease for two min-
utes while taps are sounded in rev- ^ pu^due University,
erence. ^
Taps will also be sounded and all University activity will cease for two minutes at ten Wednesday morning in reverence of Prof. C. A. Young whose funeral will be held at that time. Both funerals will be held in the Central Presbyterian
church.
Telegrams From McNutt, Schricker a generous benefactor Telegrams have been received who provided youth with SO from Paul V. McNutt chairman of many advantages. Purdue Uni-
EDWARD C. ELLIOTT,
President.
\
\|n the passing of Mr. David E. Ross, President of the Board of Trustees, Purdue University mourn^'the loss of a true
the Manpower Commission and Governor Henry Schricker, in regard to David Ross’ and Stanley Coulter’s death. McNutt’s message follows:
versity and education have lost one whose life represented unselfish and devoted service. Men and women in every walk
“The nation and the state have of life will miss him He waS allost two stalwarts in the passing of ways ready and willing to be David Ross and Stanley Coulter. As qJ service to both young and patriots, as citizens, as leaders of wri.ii a- . » •
X. ’ . . , ., old. We shall never forget him men they made an invaluable con- i.- i. •
tribution to the advancement of ^ ® humanity, his great civilization. The state and the Uni- leadership, his resourcefulness versity have had great pride in and his rare ability to get them and shine in reflected glory, things done. The members of
The nation joins in an expression of irreparable loss and of profound (See ROSS, COULTER, page 4)
Lt. Helen Schleman Relates
Duties Of SPARS
Training, By Carolyn Wilbur Lieutenant Helen Schleman, executive officer of the SPARS and former director of WRH, stopped in Lafayette, Friday on her way to Blqsomington to speak at the commencement of the first class of storekeepers at the Women’s Reserve of the Coast Guard at the United States Naval Training School. Lieut. Schleman was dressed in the characteristic navy blue tropical worsted uniforms of the SPARS with the light blue stripes around the wrist bands and presented a pictui'e of militaristic attractiveness. Eafeer For University News This is Lieut. Schleman’s first return visit to the University since she was sworn in as Executive Officer of the organization last Decem-
ber.
She was very eager to hear about the University and was practically floored to learn of the new intensive eight-week’s eburse but felt that it was a fine chance for the coeds to collect a few extra credits during this period of war uncertain-
ity.
Lieut. Schleman is very enthused about the SPARS and was eager to share this enthusiasm with others and she said, “I wouldn’t have missed this setting up period of the
SPARS for all the world; it was wonderful.” Lieut. Scarff She disclosetl the fact that Mai'y Jane Scarff, a May ’42 graduate of the University and head resident of WRH South for the last two semesters is graduating this week from officers candidate school as a second lieutenant and will begin work as a recruiting officer in Boston. The Women’s Reserve of the Coast Guard has been in existence for six months and was established to release male officers and enlisted men for active sea duty. Active In Guadacanal, Africa At the end of May the organization numbered 348 officers and .2,646 enlisted women. They are serving all over the country—at home and abroad. It was the SPARS that were in charge of landing troops in Africa and that are very active in Guandacanal landings. Lieut. Schleman stressed the fact that there are many opportunities opened for the women in the SPARS, especially with the hope of some day numbering 15,000 enlisted women and 1000 officers. Their quota is 325 entrants every two weeks and to date this quota has been met quite well. Every six weeks 76 officer candi-
dates began training at the Coast Guard Academy with the SPARS being the only Women’s organization which trains its officers at the same academy as the coastguards-
men.
Women enlisting in the SPARS are sent to Naval Trainin Schools and from there many are sent away for specialized training as yoeman, storekeepers and radiomen. The Coast Guard Training Schoo^ is in Palm Beach, Florida, at the Palm Beach Biltmore Studio. There are many special assignments in the SPARS such as dental assistants, laboratory technician, drasftmen, photographers, telephone operators and new fields opening every day. Fine Enthusiastic Spirit Lieut. Schleman said, “The spirit among the SPARS is good in all areas and is contagiously enthusiastic. In view of the past six months, great progress has been attained with trained women proving themselves well-qualified to perform the duties assigned them. It is the desire of the Women’s Reserve to continue to furnish quantities of wellqualified, efficient nad intelligent officers and enlisted personnel since every job performed by womanpower, means more manpower for active sea duty.”
the Bohrd of Trustees will always cherish the privileges of having served with Mr. Ross —a friend in need and in deed. FRANK C. HOCKEMA, Secretary to the Board. ASME To Meet Tomorrow At 4 ASME will hold a regular meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4. The meeting, open to the public, wil be held in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Buildinar. A new film produced by the Piper Cub Company entitled “The Construction of a Light Aeroplane” will be shown. In addition a film showing the details of bomber construction will also be shown. Both films have received much favorable commeht recently. Today's Mystery Who belongs to the lonesome looking two-wheeler that’s been leaning against the Lions for the last week? Won’t someone please claim? Help, Help! Navy, Marine Reserves Those who have received their orders to report for active duty at Purdue on July first should confer with the head of their school with reference to schedule of subjects to be carried in Navy V-12 program.
—KNAPP
Iron Key Donald E. Brewer Jack T. Kimbrell Donald E. Thomas
Former President Board of Trustees fishly of his time, thought and resources to his alma mater. He would have been 71 years old on August 25, having been born in 1871 on a farm near Brookston. Operated Family Farm After graduation, Ross operated his home farm and at that time-eon-ceived the idea of a steering gear for automobiles. This invention Was patented, and after its manufacture proved to be a highly successful veiiture. Two of his other inventions were the Ross ti'affic markers, patent rights for which were given to th,e Research Foundation, and a "rotary plow, for which the University also received rights. Fellow In ASME A fellow in the American Socte^ of Mechanical Engineers and an honorary meml^er of Sigma Xi, professional research scientists’ society, and Sigma Pi Sigma, physic* honorary, Ross was a member of numerous other engineering, educational and civic groups. For many years he took an active interest i^ county and state tax problems, since he served as city councilman in Lafayette for several years. Ross-Ade Stadium stands as pne of the many campus monumehta ‘to his generosity; his gifts also mime possible the airport, housing research campus, the Ross civil engineering practice camp and many important research projects, which have contributed much to the growth and progress of the University. - :" - More important than his contrifcutions to the physical plant were'hia wisdom and advice on matters of University policy and direction, Kept Contact With School When physicians ordered him, t® give up some of his activities in iJie business and civil field, Rosa“cofi|t plied wit hall except his contact with his school. This he maintained keen interest until the end in everything pertaining to the institution. Indiana’s governors of the last 15 years liave called him the state’s No. 1 citizen. His gifts include several faims to square up the holdings of the University near La|^ette, and only a year ago his own farms near here. Ross also made large cash contributions to many piojects, including the field house and gymnasium. He is survived by his sister Mrs. Mary Stidham of Oakland, California. George Ade ... member of Board of Trustees, is showing improvement after’being taken ill Saturday night at his home in Brook. It is thought thht he suffered a stroke.’'1
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, June 29, 1943
^ftor Bit^ness Manager Nywa Editor ManaciiiB Editor i^vcrtisink ManaRcr j'BpoWa EdKar ~ - '-^d, Editor .
Purdue Exponent
Of fleet: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 SlptMt*, Pietdhouse, Phone 7792 Editorial Phone After 10pm, 5377
Bonoraiijr Editor Honorary Editor
BOnawry Bwhwas Manaeer
With the Colors
William G HoBklns
Dale E Butz
Gerhard B> Klonmoii
Rohert W BwwinW* Mary Diits n Beall rewfer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawaun Jean Lauer
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
iaw»— Bditerai H B Ahbett C C Martmdell E P Mur *hp W H Tyaon W L Vermilion C J Wilbur Coed Staff. Buth Ford Madelyn Grotnea Katherine Hawes ^porta SteS. R M Lipes R J Smith C K Sowards.
Business Staff
Assistant AdTerttSiiW Manaecr C I,. Gaunt Layoat IMrecter: J B Tabb. Clycnlatton Hsaaser- R G Sauermhn The Purdue Independent Edlta*-tu-Chlct - ■.
.Ell
Bert Sqnier
Staff For This Issue NiyMSdstor Grolmi Sports Editor Howes Pay Editor Pord Issue Editor Tuesburg ^porters Ward Steffes Swerdloff Kiopf Baynes Huntei
Btrtered as second class matter at the post office in Bafay ette, Indiana, under the actibf Congress of March 8 1879 anH at the special rate of postage provided for in section lies, act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the year except certain vacation periods Delivered d«*ly by earner for 81 2S for a semester by mail for $1 60 for a semester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent ()ilii» or at the Weat Desk of the Union Bepresented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Ave New York N Y
fiprdue's Flag
^ mSIIMOTON [
—^15?-
,.. flies at half mast as the University and its students pay deep-felt tribute to the meraOEy of three of the greatest of Purdue’s men David Ross, President 6f the Boaid of Trusteea; G A. Young, former head of the School of Mechanical Engineering, and Stanley Coulter, dhan emeritus . few present-day students have had the privilege of personal contact with these men, but every student has received the benefits of the work done by these men during long and useful limetimes of service to the University. In the short span of one week end death has claimed these menefactors of Purdue It seems a strange coincidence that all three of these men who were so intimately connected with Purdue’s early years and who assisted so gyeatly m her growth to hei present heights Ajkouid pass away from us within a few hours - Nor are we the only ones who shall mourn tbeir passing Not only were these men notably connected with oui University, they were also outstanding citizens and leaders in such fields as engineering, science and industry .. and their death will be felt far beyond the limits of Purdue and Lafayette. These men who have become a part of University tradition and lore shall be missed by Purdue, but never forgotten They have won their places in Purdues’ “Hall of Fame” and shall keep them as long as Purdue shall last.—m J 1 Good Teaching Undergoes Inspection Last Sunday night in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Sigma Delta Chi sponsored another of its annual instructor-student get-togethers; and once again the principles of good teaching underwent a minute inspectRih under the critical light of an open forum participated in by a representative group of Rurdue’b good ^earbris and studems membeis of Sigma Delia ( In i^resent when Prof Frank C Hockema and Prof W T “Bill” Miller weie piesented with their respective awards—the Leather Medal ahd Best Teacher Award—were some ten or fifteen professors, several of whom have been previously recognized by Sigma Delta Chi for their contributions to the field of good teaching. Some of the more pregnant items brought forth in the course of the evening’s discussion as desirable qualities and attributes of good tejaching are summarized below: (1) Presentation of subject matter in a manner which enables student compreehnsion However, “cavorting” with the student and ladling out the course “on a silver platter’" were listed as practices which should be kept to an absolute minimum. (2) The “human” attitude in the classroom It,Was pointed out that to many professors are inclined to overlook this point in these times of speed and super schedules (3) A ceitain amount ol flexibility in various courses so that they may be “slanted” lor work that is to follow (4) Aid to the so-called “poor student” It was brought out that such students aie not lundamentally poor and that olten a bit of advice or a little extra work on the instructoi’s pai t would set the student back on the right path again, (5) Sincere interest in the students while in class and even after they have completed a c6urse. Indexed cards on students were sug-
.. T*- US P.l oil
Farley Picks Senator Gillette In Secret Luncheon Meeting To Stop President Roosevelt's 4th Term WASHINGTON—One of the most secretive of all seeiet luncheons was held on Capitol Hill the other day Bij? Jim Failey inspned both the luncheon and the secieey Jim warned against the slighest leak to the press, and elaboiate pieeautions weie taken to prevent any ( Senate dining loom employees were forbidden to reveal the room in which the meeting took place, and not even Ed Halsey, omniscient secretary of the Sen ate, who usually arranges such affairs, knew anything
about it
The list of attending senators was equally guarded and all those present refused to comment on the
luncheon
Here was the reason for the secrecy At the luncheon Jim Failey and a group of anti Eoosevelt sena tors launched then campaign to block a fourth term and put forward their own candidate He is handsome, white thatched Senator Guy M Gillette, Demo Cl at, of Iowa Failey has had Gillette in mind for some time and had a lonjftalk with Texas Jack Garner about the Iowan’s chances The luncheon which launched the Gillette campaign was held in the Senate Rules Committee room on the thud floor of the Capitol Besides Farley and Gillette, those present included Senators Walter George of Georgia, chairman of the Rules Committee, Bennett Clark ol Missouri, and several others, all veteran foes of the Administration Blocking 41-11 Term Farley did most of the talking He said that a fourth term for Roosevelt must be blocked “at all costs”—otherwise the kind of democracy we inherited from Washington and Jefferson would be “through” in the USA Jim disclosed that surveys of sentiment in various parts of the country had convinced him that most voters were in a rebellious mood against tire Admin istiation, especially the farm belt Roosevelt definite ly could be stopped at the next convention, he said, if opposition forces at the convention were properly or
ganized
The time to begin organizing, Farley added, was
now
Senators George, Byrd and other Southerners heart ily concurred that there was increasing opposition to the Piesident in the South, largely because of the Administration’s farm policies, Mrs Roosevelt’s ra eial views, and the Administration’s suppoit of the anti poll tax bill Because of this, the Southern Senatois agreed that Roosevelt could not count on the solid suppoit of the Southern delegations at the next convention Farley formally presented Gillette at the luncheon as the man best qualihed to upset the fourth term bandwagon at the convention The former national chan man said he felt assured Gillette could count on some strong “independent” suppoit from the South, as a result of his own surveys and his talk with Garner The latter Farley said, wholeheartedly ap proved of Gillette Failey declared that if Gillette could control the Iowa delegation at the convention, lunning as a fa voiite son candidate and make inroads into delega tions from other key farm States, like Illinois, Ohio and Michigan, this plus a split in the South and the New York votes Failey himsell will contiol, would give Gillette a flying start The secret pow wow broke up after two hours with all the anti New Dealers agreeing with Farley that Gillette, whom Roosevelt attempted to ‘puige’ in 1938, was the white hope against a fouith teim However, no definite piogiam or organizational strat egy for launching the Iowa Senatoi on the Piesiden tial hustings was worked out Failey and the others agreed to lake this up at futuie meetings Capitol Chaff Stiong willed Winston Churchill has had some difi-eiences with Biitish Afiican hero General Montgomery “Montgomery” grumbles Churchill, “is m domitable in defense, unconquerable m attack, and insufferable in victory ” After State Department’s Maynard Baines was made top U S representative in West Africa he became very critical of Spanish fascists in Tangiei, he piotested that Franco and his pals were walking all over the Allies, especially the British Shoitly aftei Barnes reported, he was demoted Most carefully guarded targets in all Geimany are the synthetic gasoline and synthetic oil works of Blechhammer ahd Btuex If they could be knocked out, Germany would be pretty well out of the war U S airmen are itching to get at them (Copyright 1943, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc ) gested as a means towards this end (6) Development ot a technique to make classroom work and lectures interesting A sense of humor and a pleasant classroom manner were brought up as qualities which bring about the above objective and prevent the practices of desk-poundmg and chalk-throw-ing to keep classes awake (7) Sincere inteiest in the course on the pait of the instiuctor Such interest, in turn, tends to instill interest on the part ot the student, for, it was pointed out, students are quick to sense the attitudes of an instiuctoi and die equally quick to act accordingly. Last Sunday’s discussion was not intended to end the controveisy on the subject ot good teaching for this semester, but, instead, it should be regarded as another milestone passed in the journey towaid the goal ot good, healthy student-taculty relations We will have a long way to go here at Puidue betoie the attainment of that goal, but it IS hoped that such discussions, and similar ones in the future, will do much to help remove some ot the problems of good teaching— odious to the faculty and student alike—still to be found on the campus —a p h.
‘Edwin and I have everything planned for the baby’s arrival —Edwin will eat the extra meat ration, and I’ll use the little darling’s shoe coupon ”
fito ovei the playei’s aim eis pail oft, much as
doubles one playing foiwaid and the othei back in a coiiit similai to
that foi handball
sounds as if it might have been an
old Aztec game in oiigin ”
No,” Fiancisco leplied “it is what you call a Vasco game That means that it oiiginated ih a piov nice of Spain called Las Pioviftces Vascongada They still play the game theie The Spaniaids hi ought it to Mexico If you le inteiested in Aztec games though, there was one somewhat like youi game of basket ball The teams played on an open an couit with high walls on eithei side One one ot those walla theie was a stone iing The object of the game was to put the ball thiough this 1 ing without using the hands or foieaims The ball was usually stiuck with the uppei aims oi el bows The ball was veiy heavy and laige, so that you can easily see that it wasn’t a game foi women
Aztec Maypole Game
“Another Aztec game was one in whifh a veiy high mast was used,” he continued “On top ot this mast
TODAY - TOMORROW
TODAY and TOMORROW
Jai Allai. Soccer Rate High As Mexican Games
By Nita Garrett
Being much mferesied in Mexico in general, I began wondering what people south of the border do for recreation I talked to Francisco Zamora, who is a graduate student in Civil Engineering from Mexico City about the subject A few years ago a little toy called hi-li was a fad all ovei the country Perhaps you remember the small paddle with its ball attached on a rubber That toy
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
Many of the high military officials in Washington are very hopeful that the war in Europe will be terminated .sometime m December. The reason for this seemingly optimistic belief IS that things are shaping up so favorably against the Germans on all fronts that when the final attack comes there will be little generalized resistance These same military officers aie also counting very heavily — —t on the conquered peoples of for our soldiers to fight, then someEurope to give much assist- one had bettgi get his wires tmance in deriving out the Nazi ciossed and fastened on the light forces This December victory terminals' Our soldiers aie peifectin Europe Wlli( not, however, ly willing to defend the ideals exhold good for the yellow half of the pressed in oui Constitution, but Axis, and theie seems to be few ^^en they have to ifefend an| iiiguesses as to when that pait of the , , , « .u . ~ii. „ , , dividual gioup of men in their wish
war will come to an end The ap-
pioach of the final attack on Europe moie money, no matter what Will be heralded by an ever increas- the cost to the nation as a whole is, ing ail offensive against the Gei they don’t like it The soldieis get man and Italian stiong points, and fjfty dollais a month to get shot at, invasion will come fiom many ^uhile the miners get almost three
dollars a day to take a ceitain
amount of risk down at the bottom Good morale is one thing the of a mine shaft Ah yes! PatiiotAmei leans have always haiped up- ism is a wonderful thing and so is on in time of war, but good morale high morale IS one thing that seems to be lack- The counter attack that the Chiing in this wai The U S soldiers nese started against the Japs after on all battle fionts have become the little yellow demons had made very annoyed over the coal miners’ veiy noticable gams toward new strike, and most of the soldieis, China’s capitol at Chungking has both union and non union men, really turned into something that would like veiy much to see the the Japs can’t seem to handle This mineis still on stiike drafted into counter offensive has taken back the aimed forces and John L Lewis most of the land the Japs took plus stood up against a hi ick wall and quite an extra hunk, and these same shot If this IS a good inducement ilLclothed, ill-armed and ill fed - ■ Chinese tioops continue to advance
against the best the Japs can find If this is an example of what the Chinese can do with little equip ment, then when are they supplied ivith good equipment, they will be given the chance to piove that all men of yellow color don’t go for the
Japanese New Oiclei
game soon after they conqucied Mexico because the moitnhty late was exceedingly high when the In
got its idea from a game very was a rotating platform and just popular m Cuba and Mexico, below it, two ropes were wound
called jai allai, which is pro- ‘"‘’"^und the pole
nounced something like hi li
One man stood on
the platfoim while two others thmbecl up the pole and held on to
The game is also called fronton con lopes Then the man on the
platfoim turned the platfoim
Francisco explained that jai allai which in turn ievolved the pole, un in Mexico is not a game foi chil winding the lopes Thus the men dien It is a fast moving, dangerous hanging on to the ends of the lopes game played with a long, cuived, wcie whaled in wider and wulci aim like thing called a Cesta, which cades as the ropes unwound until
The play they i cached the gi ouncl
in tennis ‘ The Spaniaids foi bade this
The idea of the game is to hit the dians got drunk and began playing ball against the wall of the couit, on this exaggerated Maypole ”
catch it on the rebound with the Soccer Popular
cesta and return it with a sweeping “But to get back to tne games motion against the wall again The that aie popular in Mexico today,” playeis must be very skilled, and Fiancisco said ' one that is iiopulai even then aie in constant clanger of all ovei South Ameiica as well as in being ‘ beaned” because of the high Mexico is soccei football An velocity and haidness of the ball eleven man team is used in a 5 3 2 Aztec In Origin'' lineup The eleventh man is the goal I happened to lemaik ‘ Jai allai keepei It is a veiy popular game
twenty years ago It came to Mexi CO by way of Spun fiom England
Make Believe Bull fight
“Beloie soccei, the newsboys and pool Cl chilclien played bull fight That game is still populai The ‘ bull” in this make believe fight is usually a single bicycle wheel with a handle aiiangcment so that it can be pushed and bull’s horns fastened to the float One boy pietends to be the bull, pushing the wheel ai ouncl and raising and loweiing the hoi ns to imitate the chaiging of the bull ’ “How ibout leal bull fights I
asked
Eveiybody goes to the bull fight on Sunday atteindons ” he said “On Sunday they kill as many as six or eight bulls The bulls foi the Sun day afternoon fights have to be foui Ol five veais old and the bullfight eis aie well trained piofessionals A veiy good bull fightci builds up a huge following of fans When he accomplishes a vciy skilllul move against the bull the eiowd shouts ‘Toieio’’ which implies that he is a
mastei
Novice Bullfiighters On Thin Sclav ifteinoon,” Fian cisco continued ‘ there are bull fights wheie youngei bulls, only two 01 thiee yeais old and not so dangeious, aie killed by young novice bull fighteis who aie just learning then piofession These ap pi entices aie called novilleros ”
Twelve Univeisity of California coeds clecoiated then house with greenery and enteitamed 24 soldiers at a dance The gieeneiy tuinecl out to be poison oak The 12 coeds and their housemother were not feeling well the next clay Nothing was said about the soldiers
all thiough South Ameiica Uru guay and Aigentina have had world championship teams for yeais ” Franciso happened to mention an interesting sidelight on the game ‘ On Sunday ” he said, “all the news boys go out to the edge of the city to play this game until then papeis aiiive They usually don’t have a leal ball, but use a cloth one The newsboys didn’t always play soccei m then spaie time It’s a compaia lively recent game in Mexico, hav ing been intioduced only fifteen oi
laj with MICHAifO'SHEA Directed byWILLIAMA WEtlMA^ MARS TODAY-TOMORROW
ADvmm-smiPTHum on the scjtBsm
wmCIMRIES ruddy ROGERS EUSABnU RISDON • DONAU MacDRIDE • MINNA GOMBEU TODAY AND WEDNfcSDAY
COLUMBIA PICTURE
ARC
'MESSAGE FROM MALTA" COLOR CARTOONftiesdny, June 2% i94B
Boihr^lser Sports
HiinmMifi
tnt ^
SUMMER BASEBALL POSStBIUTlES
SPORTS WAVE INVESTIGATES , t ). 'Ml ' , FOOTBALL PLAF^S
Summer Baseball Placed In Hands Of Students By Mary Ruth Erb Like baseball ? Want’ more games ? The future of the summer baseball sports schedule hangs in the balance of student interest and enthusiasm. According to C. S. “Pop” Doan, baseball mentor, if the students will prove that they are willing to cooperate by attending and boosting games, then the baseball season will be extended for the summer.
“Baseball games need crowds and they need money,” he remarked. “We must have both
to continue.”
Students are interested in baseball; they do want to attend games. Past experience has proved that. But whether their recent lack of enthusiasm is due to the threatening arm of Uncle Sam, or to the hot weather, or simply to the fact
that they are not aware of the - schedule of games, is now known, nounced the student body will unThe essential fact at present is that doubtedly pitch in and prdve that it more and immediate interest must interested, that it does enjoy
be evidenced.
Ward Playoffs
The championship baseball game between Ward 4A and Ward 5 has been postponed until Wednesday evening at seven, it has been announced by W. E. Luley, athletic manager of Ward 4A. The game originally iScheduled to be held last night, was postponed because of the weath-
er. -
If the University proves that it is
baseball, that it wants more games.
desirous of continuing with base- that it is willing to boost the ball, the other smaller colleges, But- team to get them,
ler, Wabash, St. Joe’s, etc., will very likely follow suit and the summer schedule is made. However, the problem of transportation is so acute at pi’esent that it would seem more advisable for the team to compete with the service^teams, also on the campus. The army, navy, and marines would surely enjoy some competitive recreation, and would be the logical opponents. If officers and officials stationed on the campus would consent to such a series of games, they would undoubtedly prove entei’taining and advantage-
ous from every viewpoint. May Schedule Other Games
If present plans are fulfilled, thei’e will be another game within
terest and participation in that the pledging of the following men: the near future and the student in- Chai’les Butler, Attica; Devon Edgame will determine to a very great wington, Lebanon; Hoden Rowe, extent the future of baseball on the Fostoria, Ohio; Aithur Williams, campus, at least for the summer Youngstown, Ohio; Cecil Lay, Sesemester. neca, Illinois; Walter Black, AnderSince so many potential stars son; Dale Von Sunton, Decatur; have enlisted or have otherwise John Kauffman, Palisades, New been inducted into the armed forces, Jersey; Norman Olnstead, Sherithere will be an added opportunity dan, Illinois; and Carl Bcrglund, for new men to join the ranks of the Omaha, Nebraska,
athletes, and to climb more quickly
to the top. ' TRY AN EXPONENT If another baseball game is an- CLASSIFIED
^ ■
Prof. Crepps
I
... in charge of the materials
testing laboratory at the University has written an ai’ticle on “WireWound Pre-stressed Concrete Pressure Pipe” which appears in this month’s issue of the Journal of the American Concrete Institute. In the article Crepps describes briefly the manufacture and design for a concrete shell reinforced by wrapping a
pre-stressed wire around it. Alpha Sigma Phi . . . social fratex’nity announces
The Sports Wave By Jack Abbett The Dark Side Of Football Coach -Elmer Btirrrham has been trying to put together a football team “ for next season that would do reasonably well against the tough schedule which has been planned. However, there seems to be little likelihood that success will flow down University way unless more experienced players can be found among the incoming army, navy and marines. Good Future Prospects The Boilermakers have many good football prospects, but all of them could use a great deal more training before going up against some of the experienced service teams. Some of the new varsity football aspirants are well below draft age and will make good material when they have had more training, but they really should not be used in next season’s games unless as a last resort. Lack Of Weight Weight is another factor which in normal times would limit a hopeful’s chances to play, and the boys who are out there on the field sweating eveiy night need a little weight. One of the football managers has stated that the average weight of all of the eds who are out for football is 150 pounds. If 160 pounds per man is all that can be raised for the Boilermaker forward Wall, then we will have little chance against service, or apy other, teams that can muster forward walls of 180 pound muscle men. Possible Players The military officials who will be in charge of the 2,200 service students on the campus after July 1 have stated that these men can participate in college athletics and activities as long as it does not interfere with the planned military program. The question is whether this will leave enough time for good athletes to get into the swing Of the game, providing the University is fortunate enough to get a few first run football players. Where Is A Summer Baseball Team Little or nothing seems to have been done about the Exponent’s suggestion that some form of baseball be played between the Boilermakers and colleges and service teams within the vicinity. This suggestion was heartily endorsed by many students and should not be dropped just because of the difficulty of getting first string players. With the addition of over 2,000 new students this week, there are sure to be a number who could step into a pair of baseball shoes to fill out at least one good squad. There is no reason for completely foi-getting sports for three or four months just because of the lack of number one players. The Army Says No The Navy and Marine ^orps have always been broad minded in allowing members of their respective branches who are in school to participate in the college sports in so far as it doesn’t interfere with the military curriculum. But the army has never felt that it was necessary for its members to participate in college activities. The army should drop this old fashioned idea and allow its men to participate in major college sports if they cqn arrange it satisfactorily.
Riveters To Launch Footbatt Practice Around July 15
Boilermakers Will Play Ten Games; Two Service Teams There may be some uncertainties regarding" Boilewnaker player personnel, but there’s no question regarding the caliber of the opposition that appears on Purdue’s football schedule
for this fall.
Looking forward to this fall’s campaign. Coach Elmer Bum-
yesterday full of confidence and ham plans to luanch the newly authorized four-week summer
term drill session around July 15. The summer term drill will be in the nature of a “get-ac-quainted” session as the Boilermaker coaching staff takes inventory of available material
Coed Investigates Fieldhouse Cups, Old'Pidure Gallery
By Margaret Baynes
We entered the Fieldhouse at 4
energy, and that being our second trip into PE Palace, carved another notch on the banister to mark the occasion. We skimmed gracefully around the corner, up the stairs, into the wrong room, out of the same, into the Exponent Sport’s office,
and opened our eyes.
There, we were told to take ourseives on an extended travelog tour oj^the Fieldhouse, to avoid the stationary bicycle on which, the week before, we had pedalled away sev-
Badgers To Join
War Fitness Training
With Football Drills
Physical fitness training for war will be combined with the first summer football practice workouts
eral blissful hours, and to produce which are scheduled to open at the
in the maximum of three hours, a
STORY. 1 / Banished From Sports Office
We wandered sadly down the stairs, banished from the office by our firm Sport-Editoress; first thing to meet our eye, barring a drinking fountain and a fire extinguisher, was the gallery of ancient
University of Wisconsin on Monday, July 5, Harry Stuhldreher,
and the newcomers to University uniforms adjust themselves to new team mates. The first three Weeks of the summer drill will be devoted to light workouts, with no contact work or scrimmage until the final
week.
Formal fall practice will be launched the week end of August
Badger athletic director and head 28, three weeks before 'the season’s
tached, sprawling, “hair-sweetly-parted-in-the-middle” foot-ballers, and on up through the years. It was at this point an army cap-
opener with Great Lakes at the
Naval Training Station.
Schedule Opens Sept. 18 ^ Opening against the all-star Great Lakes powerhouse in a road game on Sept. 18 and closing with the traditional Old Oaken Backet
gridiron assignment in history. Ten major games in as many Saturdays, including six Big Ten encoufiters and two service battles, are
Nofrice student life guards are needed for the Fieldhouse Pool during the following hours: Monday, Tuesday, and Friday 4 to 6: Saturday 2 to 6 and 7 to 9 p. m. Leave names at the Intramural check-out window. —CLEVETT.
The U. S. has appropriated 148 billions for war since Pearl Harbor, about twice the total for all the other wars in our history. / An ordnance plant which turns out 1,000,000 pounds of war goods a day must haul in and out 18,000,000 pounds of materials or enough to fill 500 freight cars.
of the professional gridiron world.
‘We want to make our football tions would provide the nucleus for drills this summer of double value the 1943 eleven, but a single man to the young men who participate in remains, Ed Cycenas, right halfthem,” Stuhldreher explained, back from Chicago, 111., who has re“Many of them will sooner or later ceived orders to report here as a be going into the armed forces V-12 trainee when the Navy'and while others are already in uniform Marine program opens the first
ENT?
The Easiest To Rei Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD ' n i ' ■' 'tj ' in THE PURDUE EXPONENT
football coach, emphasized today. Stuhldreher has issued an urgent invitation to all men students on the Wisconsin campus, both civilians and servicemen who are studying in any of the summer sessions or
notables; teams from out of the armed forces training schools.
University’s past graced the walls, whether or not they will be on the battle with Indiana at Bl^Tn^'on, so we spent a delightful half hour campus next fall, to come out and 20 the Boilermakers- are gazing at the 1889’s team of mus- take patt in the physical training faced with their most streimous
program and gridiron drills. Will Be All-Star Coach
The summer grid workouts will
, , combine the most rugged physical , — tain and a colonel came up and an- training along with the foot- eluded on the impoping^ca*^,,, nounee , e le new ere, cou practice, it was revealed by In common with most instituyou irec us 0 ® ® owers. Badger mentor who, later this tions, the University’s nbrmal playirec s ap j- j-i, i. summer, will become head coach of er roster had been riddled fay sere^oveiooce e ac a we the College AllrStars for the annual vice calls. Out of a holdover eontinwere new ere 00 an ca m y „jjarity game with the champions gent of 15 major lettermeri from' said Goleftturnrightfirstdoorto professional gridiron world. last fall who under normal ebndi-
right.” Learned afterwards that they ended up on the balcony where
the stuffed dummies were.
After counting severtty-five various sports trophies in the two front cases (no particular reason) and seven ping-pong tables in an ad-
joining room (same reason), we , , 1 • t i came to the end of the tourable specialized training, week m July, regions by entering a Recreation We want our summer drills to help V.12’s To Provide Material,
Association office to find a Junior Despite the unusual pSersdnnei Sports Editor wolfing a beautiful P^^vsical form for the time when situation, the Boilermakers are blonde (She’s located first door to luihtary duty comes, and at banking on freshmen, newly-turned
the same time we want to teach sophomores, and the gridiron p|)tenthem all we can about the great tialities of 1,250 V-12 trainees, inAmerican game of football. eluding 450 Marines, who will start Badgers’ Plan Four-WeeI«’ Drill classes here July 5, to provide the Wisconsin’s full football coaching material for the 1943 campaign,
staff will Be on hand for the summer drills, including assistant coaches Guy Sundt, George Fox,
“Slip” Madigan will coach the and Russ Rippe. The Badgers’ sum-
Notre Dame style of football based uier drills will continue for four ' — '■< upon the “long gainers,” with every weeks, coming to a close shortly be- Sigma Delta Psi will hold the folplay a potential touchdown if all as- fore Stuhldreher opens the College lowing tests Wednesday evening at signments are fulfilled by his Uni- All- Stars practice early in August. 4:30 at the jumping pit: Shot Put,
versity of Iowa players next fall. Wisconsin’s gridiron fortunes Rope Climb.
“Why drudge up the field three this year will rest largely on the Those interested in qualifying for yards at a crack when it is easier shoulders of this year’s freshmen— thcb All Campus Golf tournament and better to play for the big young men who are enrolled in the should play their 18-hole qualifying stake,” he said in response to ques- University’s first full-fledged se- i-ound this week. July 5 is the last tions about his 1943 plans.^ mester this summer, or who will en- (jay for qualifications. Contestants Eddie Anderson Style i-oll in the fall semester next Sep- should choose theii' own opponents In this respect, he appears to be tember. and play 18 holes. Opponents should a coach very much like Major Eddie Servicemen sign contestant’s card which should Andeijon, whose Haw eye teams Pi-ggent with considerable help al- thqn be turned in at Starting House, turned in numerous sensations on should be u'pperclass students Contestants should indicaj:®. on
the right). We left.
Iowa Coach Plans Every Play As Gainer
IM Schedulfft
long gains, late-rally forward
who are enrolled in specialized score card that it is for All Campus.
to Wisconsin for training. Wiscon- the fraternity tournament,, the on® sin now has some 2,800 armed score will do for both tourndn^nta;
forces personnel being trained on
providing it is so indicated on
score card.
passes, and m general the type of ^ j j • servicemen assigned If contestants are also playfcg in football relished by the fans. ...
“Of necessity, a coach must adapt his style of game to the njaterial. I am a great advocate of gambling when there is everything to win and nothing to lose—but under any other circumstances I never gamble,”
Coach Madigan said.
His Five Points
He declared that he does not follow any set pattern of workouts but the drills are prepared to insure the development of successful play in the following order of importance: (1) fundamentals, (2) superiority of line charge and interference, (3) fast starting and moving to the point of attack quickly, (4) proper and precise timing, and (5), every assignment fulfilled by all eleven
players.
Asked about his use of the “T” formation, Madigan said: “The ‘T’ ■ basically is Notre Dame. Every for- Iowa City July 4 and after consultamation starts from the ‘T’ but, like tion with Director E. G. Schroeder every play, the formations start will decide when to open the 4-week alike but have a different ending.” summer drill now allowed by the Madigan expects to arrive in Big Ten. /
the campus, of which 1,200 are sail-
ors, and 130 are naval aviation cadets. Also, on July 1, some 450 Navy The Inter-fraternity Golf tourna-
V-12 engineering students are ex- ment has been extended through
pected to arrive on the campus to July 10. It is the duty o-f the atMetic
begin their training. manager to get his men out before
Wisconsin again faces one of the this time. Each fraternity is to play toughest schedules in its football at least four men against players
history this year. It is one of two of another fraternity. The fratewa-
Big Ten schools which have 10- ties with the two lowest scores^wiU game schedules for 1943. On the play for the championship. Opposchedule are seven conference nents should sign each, otb^r'a teams, including Iowa; Illinois, In- cards, and the Greek letters of his diana, Purdue, Northwestern, Mich- house should be placed on each con-i and Minnesota; one sei-vice testant’s card. If the contestant
igan.
team. Camp Grant; as well as Mar-
quette and Notre Dame.
wishes to use this score in th^ AH Campus tournament also, he sliould
indicate this by writing
at the top of his card. TurU'Seor* cards into Starting House ipinae#*
ately after play.
Buy War BoMsft
I
0^ K" *■ /
.. .,p-wf t/i w»|k>4v®|,s?4"
Vi.
PurdiiS Exponent
mMiwf WjPf
-■ *?»
TuesSay, June 29^ 1942
MKaniMNft
mim
County Historical Museum Is Housed In Fowler Home
Ross, Gdulfer Aeromodellers Club Prof. Young
i ; r
)< *
Antique Hats, Weapons And Objects d'Art Fill Rooms Bj Marj Ruth Erb One of the finest and most complete of its kind in this part of the countiy is the Tippecanoe County Hfstoncal Museum, located at Tenth and South stieets The old Fowlei home, which houses the collection, is m itself a valuable piece of workmanship, for it is widely lecogmzed to be one of the best examples of Gothic architecture m this pait of the countiy. ■ - The house was built by of mothei of peail The immense Mo'^es Fowlei, an early settler, chandehei overhead fiist 1 i. T £ 4-i -ioon burned candles, then gas, and now who came to Lafayette in 1839 , , , is, /, .i, , ^ electiicity With the exception ol With John Purdue The two chandehei, which was pui weie latei partneis in busi- chased m Baltimoie, the pieces ness Although constiuction woik weie sent back by Di Wetheiill was begun in 1850 it was not com when he was tiavellmg abioad pleted until 1852 The woikmanship In a window panelled alcove ovei was done b'v a local caipentei while looking the gaiden is the natuial Fowlei himself acted as aichitect in histoiy loom wheie potted greeneiy designing it in abundance gives a back to na All of the w^odwoik window tuie effect In'it aie stuffed and sills etc is hand caived and the mounted animals of all desciiptions, house pioper consists of thiity two langing fioni a huge moose’s head looms to a tiny flying squiriel Reptiles’ Di Richaid B Wetheiill, active skins amphibious cieatuies, fleaks niembei of the Tippecanoe County of natuie, which include a pig with Histoiical Society made piovisions one head and two bodies, and many in his w ill of a few yeais ago foi his IndiaP lelics and seashells, etc , are home on South Ninth stieet to be to be found theie used as the new museum But the Gun Room Is -Vn Aisenal house was not fiieproof so the be The gun loom on the sceond flooi quest was spent in puichasing this pioves to be evei populai with boys home fioiii Cecil Fowler giandson and looks like a niiniatuie aisenal of the aichitect buildei Old fashioned sabeis duelling Dnided Into Rooms iiiasl s swoids diess lapieis and The museum has been divided in even a deceitful swoid cane aie to
to sevcial loom ’ collections Of be found tlieie these the one of prime inteiestls Anothei
located lust inside the mam en
case conrams pieces
fiom foieign countiies including a
tiance It is called the ‘ W'^etheiill daggei and a battle axe fiom India loom’ and in it are a foui seated a jewel encieSted beheading swoid ciiculai Flench bouine of the Louis fiom Malabai, Chinese and Japa XIV eia a laige caived and heav nese weipons Spanish sabies etc ilv decoiated chest which held the Rifles pistols, machine guns loval lobes of the last Korean Em shells and even powdei hoi ns and pel01, a laige Peisian lug which a tiny cannon aie on display coveis the entiie flooi a teakwood Also on the second flooi is the desk a poicelain Sevies vase fiom Colonial bedioom ’ which is actual Fiance and a piano with inlaid keys ]y of only slightly pie Civil Wai
days In it is a huge two poster bed with a dais overhead which is covered with a quilt made in 1858 A silk stove pipe hat, a white tyle hat and seveial other articles of men’s head gear, all dating back to 1850, are displayed, as well as several women’s dresses, laced and beaded, and just as antique A unique feather stole, of an intriguing pattern, which was woiii at a reception for George Washington, IS also to be found there And if the man of today who so scorns the hats of the modern woman could see what was the common head attire of a centtiry ago, he would cease to object In one show case there are several ex amples of those noteworthy ere
ations
On the thud floor is a “pioneer kitchen”, complete with an old fire place, laden with kettles, a musket overhead, a spinning wheel, chum Cradle, and pewter table service, as well as a peacock feather duster and rough hewn furniture Also on the same floor is a room filled with old chests, spinning wheels and baby carnages a huge rug loom, an antique rocking chair well worn with age ciadles and yarn pictures rheie are also many smaller aiti cles of gieat interest which fill the other thirteen rooms of display material Included in these are his toiical documents antmque dish r\aie biic a biac poitiaits, etc At the back of the house is a laige foimal gaiden ending in a patio which V as mo leled c^ftei the English gardens of the period in which it was built Principle donors have been Di Wetheiill Ml Thomas F Gaylord, Ml and Mis David Linn Ross Mis Thomas Duncan and Mrs Lillian layloi Caipentei The museum is open to the pub lie at no admission fee fiom one until five o clock daily Miss Ala meda McCullough is the cuiatoi
(Continued from page 1) gratitude foi their seivices” In his statement Governor Schricker said, “The state of Indiana has lost one of its most valuable citizens m the passing of David E Ross He served for many years on the Board of Trustees at Purdue with great distinction and demon st\ates in all of his life and work the highest type of citizenship He was always a leader in any project that had for its purpose, the advancement of the University and the state He supported any enterprize that was designed for the common good Our state has lost a real leader ” Lee Sends Message President Elliott also received a telegram from Wallace 0 Lee, vice niesident of the Indiana Powei and Light Company in which he said, “May I extend to you and through you to Dean Coulter’s daughter and all connected with Pm due University our deepest sympathy Like yourself, he haS contributed much to the honoi and prestige of Purdue University and he will be missed by all who had the piivilege of know-
ing him ”
Personnel Notes
Companies scneduled to visit the
campus
Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co, Barbel ton Ohio—Date to be announced later Interested in August and De cembei Ch E, M E Nofice Any students irho wish to work for the Registiar during the regis tration for the Navy College Tram iiig Program on July 5 will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s office Ralph B Stone, Registrar Fiom the Ohio State Lantern comes the tid bit about Pi of W il tei C Reckless depaitment of so cial administiation and authority on Cl limnology who was looted of two violins and a typewriter all valued at $370
To Hold Open Model Plane Meet Sunday Sponsored by the Purdue Aeiomodellors for the benefit of those students who build and are interested 111 flight models, an open model airplane meet will be held Sunday afternoon, July 11 The meet will be an all-afterno6n affaii, starting at 1 p «i Models will be flown fiom the first big field on the left side of the road whicli turns left from U S 52 at Colonial Gardens The entiy fee will be fifty cents for non members, the contest IS free to members of the club Competitive flights will be staged for all classes of rubber powered models, class A, B, and C gas models, and hand launched and towlaunched gliders The prizes offered to the winner and runner ups comprise subsciiptions to various leading model ail plane magazines All Classes Compete For Piizes All model classes will compete for these piizes, a System of factors being set up to adjust the flight times of the various classes to the same level Rubber powered model flight has been chosen as the basis for this factor system, and all other flight times will be adjusted accoid-
inglv
Contestants will be entitled to fly then entiles all afternoon, however, only the three best times of any one entry will be counted Contestants niay enter as many models as they wish, but club officials advise that, since the obtaining of thiee good time tiials for a model takes con sideiable time entiles shopld be limited to two or thiee models Club Open To Air Enthusiasts The club itself is open to all stu dents with an active interest in fly ing and non flying model aii planes Meetings are held on alternate Wednesdays at 7 30 p ni in room 80 of the Union—the club woik shop Members aie entitled to the facilities of this workshop at any
time
Club officials encouiage all inter ested s undents to attend the Aeio modeller meeting tomoiiow at 7 30 in room 80 of the Union at which time complete detiils of the meet will be given
(Continued from page 1) Professol Young’s activities outside his immediate field of teaching were many and important He was a baseball player in his undergraduate days and always kept an active interest in athletics For many years he was a member of the faculty committee on athletic affairs, serving as chairman of that committee for two years He was also well-known in state golfing circles, teaming with his son, Keith, they won the “father-son” title several
times
Researched On Locomotives As national president and one of the organizers of Pi Tau Sigma, national honorary mechanical engineeiing fraternity, he guided it through some of its earlier years He was also active in connection with the research activities of the American Railway Association and the Society of Automotive l^egineers Prof Young made exhaustive studies of the locomotive as a fire hazard in connection with the research conducted at the University and was recognized as the leading authority on the subject Prof Young, affectionatelj known to many of his students as “G A ”, was dean emertis of the school of Mechanical Engineering
New Competitive War Stamp Drive War Stamp contest between the men’s and women’s residence halls, coops, fraterpities and soroiities to encourage the sale of stamps has been started by the War Committee
of the Student Union
Records of the number of war stamps sold to members of the various organizations are to be displayed on a large chart in front of the booth at the Sweet Shop as of June 24 and until the end of the semester, all stamps sold between 3 and 6 in the afternoon on week days will be counted in the competition
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding maenmes all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C J LbershofY €06 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office 40i Columbia Lost— Crnvanettc trench coat with tan lining Lost in Union Cafeteria Sunday Junq 13 1943 Call Myron Dickey phone
2I1G
Lost Gold ring with maroon stone sur mounted by Tau Kappa Et silon crest Re war I Alaback phono '’754 Lost—Bulova wrist watch Leather wrist band broken Rewird Kenneth Gcrtbch
57ol
Lost—Light tan raincoat red pHid lining ZIP r In Union C ifeteria S inday June 13 Call Vermil on o2 Wanted—Pirlue btu lents to work Thurs day lid Satird y tvei mgs as waiters Ex ptrientc not necessary G od pay and short hours I Iks Club Apply Frank Len han Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Notices
All Students xwo boys are needed to help in the Home Ec Cafeteria during noon hour
Call Miss Gamble at 2941
—GAMBLE
Basic Military Students* All basic Students are urged to note the schedule posted on the Bulletin, Board m the Armory for turning in wool trousers and Science Seniors Graduating August '43 Please call at Dean Ender s office at oarliest convenience to receive information repaid ing graduation —ENDERa GE 11 12 Make ups Conditional make up examination in GE 11 and GE 12 will he given Saturday afternoon July 10 Make arrangements in room 202 Golden Shops Bring textbook and drawing equipment
' —OWEN
ASME Two interesting movies will be shown Wednesday afternoon at 4 p m in room 103 of the ME buildint A short busi ness meeting will follow the showing
—BADGER
Aeromodellers There will be a contest on July 11 For further details come to the meeting on June 30 at ' 30 in room 80 of the Union —QUINN Undergraduate Dames The Unlorindu ate Dames will meet tomorrow at ' 30 June
2 ) room 203 ot the Union
—EILERING
Omicron Nu Meetinj, Tues lay J n e 20
at 4 p m in the Home Economics Building New members will be elected •—BFAI L
Gimlet Club Impoitant meeting at Pin
faigma K ippa ho i e Thursday J ly 1 at
^ 30 p m Everyone be pieesnt
—BUTSCH
SCA Members Board meet ng T i sday Ji ne 29 at " 80 p m in SCA office
—BURKLER
Pi Tau Sigma I oimal initiation 1 los day June 29 at 6 p m in M E Building Banquet in Union at b p m
—GENlEES
Distinguished Students Refunds are avail able in Cashier s Office —HOLLINSBEE
^ ANNOUNCING the opening of SOUTHWORTH'S STADIUM STORE! "■ II I I ^ (BRANCH STORE) A Minature of Southworth s Main Store on State Street ★ College, Grade and High Standard Texts and School Supplies ★ Stationery, Office Supplies, Greeting Cards, Novelty Souvenirs and Felt Goods ★ Latest Fiction, Non-Fiction, Juvenile and Reference Books — Rental Library ★ Tobaccos, Confectioneries, Cold Drinks and Ice Cream ★ Gifts, Toiletries, Newspapers, Magazines, Athletic Equipment and Miscellaneous Utility Items for Students
OPEN
Visit this NEW store today!
HJRMJE BOOK &WLY STORE *-^l 308-10 STATE STREET .WE5T,, LAFAYETTE^ IND. LOCATED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE AT STADIUM and NORTHWESTERN AVENUES SojuJthioohihX.
k 3