“a
„ <4^>i'< VI „ « ! "\'>‘>W''L ’■■■■ '■ ' '-i J ■ Si ^ V 7 ' .
\ a' jV’Ii
/
Victorious Wolverines Hold Purdue To 8 Points Per HaK
SrjhE Pursue lExpuneirt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUBIS3 :!tLVtXl
LAPAYETtE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1937
NUMBER m
Explorer To Address Convocation Tonight
WUliam LaVarre To Give Lecture In Eliza Towler Hall At 8 O’clock
William LaVarre, with a record of 15 years experience in South American wilds and a jungle treasure hunter by profession, will address the first lecture convocation of the second semester at 8 o’clock tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall. From the time at the age of ten when he trapped his first animal, a pole-cat, to the past
Capacity Audience At Religious Convo
“The great centers of emotion today are the colleges and not the churches,” declared Senior Bishop Edwin Holt Hughes of Washington, D. C., in an address Sunday morning before a capacity audience attending the monthly worship convocation. The 125 voice University choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart, vocal musical director presented several numbers as part of the service. “An Election Within The Soul,” IS concerned with three propositions said Bishop Hughes. “First, the mind has a single vote and not complete suffrage, as many believe Secondly, the heart must have a vote, and lastly a person's will must come into consideration as a deciding vote.” He urged that all three be brought into “the election booth of life.” It was the opinion of the one-time president of DePauw University that “we have been too much afraid of our emotions.” George Osborn, sophomore in the school of pharmacy, played an organ recital for the introductory quarter of an hour of the service.
30
//
By Hugh Morris
February 23, 1937
WISCONSIN’S “Slide Rule Sage,” the man who gained national prominence by calculating that Badger co-eds use enough lipstick in a year to cover a barn, is at it again . . . —80— ALDRO Lingard, (that’s the wizard’s name) discovered the other day that the University heating plant would use 23 less tons of coal per year if students were allowed to smoke in the buildings. He claims that 91 percent of this lieat value would come from cigarettes and the remainder from pipes ... but he did not stop at that. . . —30— MORE serious “sliding” revealed that students spend $241,000 for cigarettes and $9,600 for pipe tobacco each year. To quote, “Most people take gbout 12 puffs per cigarette, and the average volume of a puff is about 2 cubic inches. In one year the student body inhales about 68,000 cubic feet of smoke. Pipe smokers take in another 120,000 cubic feet. The total is enough to fill a room 60 feet square and 18 feet high” . . . but don’t go ’way yet . . . —30-— LINGARD further maintains that “the energy content of all the tobacco is about 150,000,000,000,000 (one hundred and fifty trillion calories. If all that heat energy were converted into mechanical energy 100 percent, there would be 466 foot pounds of it, which would be enough to run escalators up the hill for about fiVe years .. . —30— “APPARENTLY,” he concludes, “students would rather blow smoke around in people’s faces than ride up the. hill in comfort all the year aroun^” . . . —80— HERE’S one for you Ag students . . . Prof. C. G. Card, of Michigan State College’s poultry husbandry department, advocates a 12-hour working day for chickens. He claims that by getting them up two hours earlier, they will eat more food and lay more eggs .., ain't nature wonderful ?
few years which have led to diamonds, orchids, and rubber, LaVarre’s life has been one filfeld with adventure and thrills. Not all of his efforts have been confined to the jungle. From 1922 to 1927 he was counsel to corporations engaged in sales control work in New York City. Later he became president and publisher of thiee newspapers and served on the board of another publication. Of late he has published several of his bodks dealing with his experiences. Only last summer LaVarre, with his wife, completed his eighth trip into the South American jungles, yet LaVarre is but 39 years old. In advising the would-be explorer, LaVarre says, “Be able to make funny faces. Nothing so wins a savage or helps to get information as being able to do a variety of facial contortions.” To all he makes this general recommendation, “Be a good looker. This applies whether you are in a jungle swamp or bending over test tubes in a laboratory.”
Pan Tickets Go On Sale Available For $2 At All Sorority Hotises
Tickets for the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic Ball, priced at $2, are now available at all sorority houses. The dance for all organized women on the campus, both pledges and actives, will be held this Friday in the Memorial Union ballroom. Women belonging to sororities not represented on this campus may purchase their tickets at the Memorial Union desk after sufficiently indicating their affiliations. Jimmy Garrett’s swing band, now playing at the Casino Parisienne in the Hotel Morrison in Chicago, will furnish music for the occasion. All arrangements for the dance are being made by Mary Jean Light and her committee, Virginia Richards and Mary Gene Jarrett.
Mrs. F. C. Anderegg Dies Sunday In Newark, Ohio
Mrs. Frederick 0. Anderegg, wife of Prof. Anderegg who was an instructor in the chemical engineering school from 1918 to 1925 died Sunday, February 14, at a hospital in Newark, 0. Dr. Anderegg and his family have been living in Newark for the past few years where he is employed as chemist for the OwensIllinois Glass Company.
Harry Allspaw To ^^ive Golf Lecture Tonight
Harry Allspaw and Duane Shindler will give a lecture and demonstration designed to help a golfer improve his skill and enable him to qualify for “the three per cent class,” in room B of the Memorial Union Building this evening at 7:30. Allspaw, professibnal golfer, is associated with the West Lafayette Country Club.
FRESHMEN
All freshmen desiring to work on the Circulation Staff of the Exponent, report to the Exponent office, 312 North Fifth street, Lafayette, any afternoon next week after 4 o’clock. —HUDSE.
Grossman To Speak At ASME Meeting
Dr. M. A. Grossman, of the Car-negie-Illinois Steel Corporation Research Department, will talk on “Grain Size In Steel” at a combined meeting of the A. S. M. E. and Phi Lambda Upsilon February 24 at 7:30 in room 129 of the E. E. Building. His talk Will deal with the various grain sizes in steel and their effect on the properties of steel. Dr. Grossman will also discuss tho methods by which grain size is determined.
C.E. Bryan Dies At Home From Pneumonia
Forestry Senior HI 11 Days; Funeral In Culver 2 p. m. Tomorrow
Clem E. Bryan, 21, a senior in the school of forestry, died suddenly Sunday afternoon at 2 o’clock at his home in Culver following at attack of pneumonia. He is survived by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Bryan, and a younger brother, Kennedy. Bryan was well-known about the campus and was a member of Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. He fought in the Golden Gloves tournament here, winning his bouts at Purdue but losing his first match in the Lafayette Armory. He contracted a severe cold the night of his last fight, and his father came for him on Friday, February 11, to take him home to rest. Last week his condition became more serious, and he was placed in an oxygen tent, but to no avail. Active On Campus Bryan was quite active in campus affairs. He was captain on the staff of the First Regiment of the R. O. T. C. and last summer he was run-ner-up in the Camp Knox boxing tournament, fighting in the welterweight class. His hobby was writing poetry and many of his verses were published under his column heading, “Sayings,” in the Culver Citizen. In 1984 he was editor of The Log, publication of the forestry summer camp. He was athletic chairman of his fraternity, pitcher on the fraternity baseball team, a member of the championship horseshoe pitching team in 1936, and participated in intramural athletics. Services Tomorrow Members of Alpha Gamma Rho were informed of Bryan’s death yesterday by a special military dispatch, delivered by a sergeant from Culver. He will be accorded full military honors at his funeral, which will be held in Culver tomorrow at 2 p. m. Practically all of his fraternity brothers from here plan to attend the ceremony.
’34 Graduate Gets Thirty Cents A Day As Spanish Rebel Machine Gunner
Gone with the wind? No, gone with the Spanish rebels. Thus, Walter Schaible, ’34, graduate in the school xif science finds himself as one of two Americans fighting with Gen. Francisco Franco’s insurgents. Schaible left Chicago early in December, 1936, telling his family that he was bound for South Africa to find a job as a civil engineer. However, evidently changing his mind, he landed in Portugal shortly before Christmas. 30 Cents A Day He joined the rebels as a machine gunner, and after only a few days drilling was sent to Madrid. His pay amounts to about 30 cents a day. Schaible claims that he is having “great fun” fighting. Schaible, who" lives at 5625 Kimbark avenue, Chicago, said that he had decided to fight with the rebels because he was tired of hearing all the parlor pinks back home spouting off about communism.
WSGAMeeting Thursday At 4
Election Petitions Must Be In Today At Four O’clock
The regular February mass meeting of W.S.G.A. will be held Thursday at 4 p. m. A resume of the year’s work will be given and plans will be discussed for the charm school to be held later this semester. Freshman women will elect their representatives at this time. Petitions for the election signed by 26 freshmen women must be turned in to Dorpthy Kuehn by 4 p. m. today. Petitions for the general elections, which will be held later in March, signed only by the persons petitioning, should be given to Ruth Copeland or Dorothy Kuehn immediately. The place of the mass meeting will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent.
Flying Club Plans Open Meeting Tomorrow
There will be an open meeting of the Purdue Flying Club tomorrow evening in the reception room of the Memoflal Union Building at 7:15 according to announcement made by W. B. O’Neal, president. 'The club is planning to present a short film called “Amateur Radio And Gliding,” in connection with a program showing the progress of the Flying Club from its start. L. S. Fox, who has been active in national glider eontests, prepared this film. The president urges that all students interested in the club plan to attend this meeting.
Ilutbue exponent l^nsititute (!^t Campus! (i^pmton
JUNIOR PROM COMMITTEE
(Vote For
Seven)
THE NATURAL PARTY
THE SEVEN ACES
PARTY
W. P. Bailey
□
Louise Bain
□
R. G. DeLong.... .
□
V. Farrow
□
0. D. Ehinger
A. H. Forster
□
T. W. Graham. —
□
E. W. Korty—..
-O
J. E. Goory
□
R. T. Reid
□
Mary J. Light
o
M. A. Schreyer.
—0
J. R. Murray
—— □
F, T. Sheets
GALA WEEK COMMITTEE
*
/
(Vote For Six)
D. E. Blach ....
□
G. 0. Bell—
June G. Lippert-.-..
□
A. D. Lutgens
J. 0. Ohaver. —
Gloyd D. Smith..—.
D. F. Williams— ..
Freshman P Sophomore □ Junior Q Senior Q Graduate □ Fao'ty Q Other Q . (Cheek One)
Townsend Mam Cog In Boilermaker Setback
Defeat By Michigan Definitely Puts Team Out Of Race For Big Ten Championship By Bill Fifield
Johnny Townsend, former Indiana high school star from Indianapolis, was the main cog in the machine that last night gave the Boilermakers their worse defeat of the season when the Michigan five trounced Purdue, 31 to 16. Neither team was very impressive during the first half,
eight points being all that ei-
ther team could put through the hoop. The Wolverines came back in the second half to win their first victory over Purdue in several years. During the last nine and one-half minutes of the game, the Lambertmen were held scoreless while Michigan was running up its scor^ from 18 to 31 points. Young Gets Five Points Jewell Young, who last week scored 29 points against Illinois, was held to one field goal and three charity shots. Even at that, he was high point man on the Purdue team. Along with Townsend in high point honors, was Gee, Michigan center, with four field goals... Johnny collected two field goals and five free throws. Purdue Out Of Race With this defeat, the Boilermakers were definitely put out of the Big Ten race after their hard fought victory last Saturday seemed to put them very much into the race. Summary PURDUE (16) FG FT PF Sines, f 0 13 Young, f 13 1 Zink, f 0 0 0 Hutt, f 0 0 0 Seward, c 10 1 Anderson, g 2 0 4 Malaska, g 0 2 1 Downey, g 1,01 Mangas, g 0 0 1
Seven Aces Take Lead In Straw Vote
Ballots Cast For Gala Week Committee Evenly Divided First returns in the Expmient Institute of Campus Opinion straw vote, conducted this week on Prom and Gala Week elections, indicate a strong sentiment toward the candidates of the “Seven Aces” party. Although only 76 votes had been received before 4 p. m. yesterday, the “Aces” were leading the “Natural” party by a 73 per cent majority. Only two of the ballots, indicating Prom committee preference, were split tickets while practically all of the Gala Week voting was for individuals. Returns indicating the choice for a Gala Week committee were much closer than the Prom race. Jtme Lippert, the only co-ed in the race, is assured of election since she is
Totals MICHIGAN (31) Townsend, f Barclay, f Thomas, f Gee, c. Fishman, g Patenelli, g
5 6 12 FG FT PF 2 5 1 0 0 0 1 1
Totals . 12 7 9 Referees: Feezle (Indianapolis), Lane (Cincinnati). F. T. missed—^Purdue: Seward, Downey, Sines. Michigan: Townsend, 2; Gee; Fishman, 2; Barclay, Patenelli.
PI A To Inaugurate Insurance Service
To combat heavy losses in personal property such as were sustained by University students in a recent local fire, the Purdue Independent Association is to offer a policy providing coverage up to $200 on personal belongings in the rooming houses, boarding houses, at the cleaning shops or in any place whatever except permanent residence of the student. Protection of the property from the damage due to fire, windstorm, explosions, air-craft, and many other common hazards is also afforded by the new policies presented by the P. I. A. The insurance is offered in conjunction with a nationally known company. The exact premium has not yet been announced.
Silver Mask Of fleers
Silver Mask, honorary fencing club, announces the election of the following officers: V. W. Antueshko president; G. W. Zuck, vice-presi-dent; J. W. Seaborg, secretary; and J. S. McWilliams, pledge captain.
REGISTRATION CHECKS
Clip Uiia Mraw ballot, fill it out, and bring w mail it to the Exponent ottm^ filfi Nortli Fifth atreet, or dr^ it in the Exponent box at the Uniondeo^
Students who worked for the Registrar during the February Registration may obtain their checks hy calling at the Registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Anyone can vote in the Institute’s strpiw poll. Simply indicate your choice by marking an X in the proper squares and checking your class. Then mail or bring the ballot to the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth street, or drop it in the Exponent box in the Memorial Union Building lobby. Also indicate what question you would like to have included in the Institute’s next straw poll.
unapposed. The remaining six men, however, are fighting for the additional five places on the committee. Tabulation of the first day’s votin gis as follows: Junior Ptimb Cmimittee: Forster, 56; Reid, 66; Schreyer, 66; Bain, 56; Farrow, 56; Korty, 55; Sheets, 66^; Bailey, 20; DeLong, 20; Graham, 20; Goory, 20; Light, 20; Ehinger, 19; and Murray, 19. Gala Week Committee: lippert, 71; Lutgens, 69; Smith, 66; Ohaver, 65; Black, 63; Williams, 59; and Bell, 57. The ballot will be published again tomorrow and final results wiU be available Thursday. Don’t wait! Clip the ballot now and tell us your preference!
R. B. Crepps Witt Attend Eastern Conventions •Prof. R. B. Crepps, member of the civil engineering staff left here yesterday for New York City where he will attend the thirt^-tldrd annual meeting of the American Concrete Institute. Professor Crepps is a member of the National Committee on Concrete. From New York he will travel to l^ttsburgh to attend the sectional meeting of the American Socletj;^ of Testing Materials.
Uasetlled
By Teiipy Til* Sssoamt WwllMr 1Im»»
This sudden change of weather we had this last week-end has chilled me to the marrow; and what’s more I didn’t order it. I’Ve been stuttering so much with cold tlmt i just can’t speak of predicting any kind of weather. One of the parties for ptom suggested that I thipk of a campaign song for them. I said “April Showers” because the Prom’s in April and. it <|oes rata that month too. Oh, veil, vbaPs the use. Anyway the weatl^ee vrfil be unsettled to^y.s'S v
'j', iV- ,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
t..
QTl^c ^urlitte exponent
FMnM in 18U
XntM*d an M«wd daw matter at tke post oftUt^ Lrfnyettn Indtofc Dellv^ by
S3l^ by carrier. <2.60 par ya«r {toM by a ringte eopy, 2 cento.
BnsbMH Pb««M SMB
OFFICBI—S12 North Fifth Street
Bditorial Phone BM7
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF — B- H* Morris iSSS^Bditow.".l..K;X"Bira A. H. ForstCT, R. V. AmlirMora Amistants —W. BL Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. it. oiarn L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L S^back, D. R. Vi»<» E. H. KellovK, K. E. O’Neil
BUSINESS STAFF
Bnsinees Manairer National Advertisine Manacer.. Local Adrertteing Manager Circulation Manager.
.R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
Editor Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF r r. rtr ^ . L. D. Wood W.'"h. f4fleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor. Associate Editors AdrertisiaB Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , _ . „...Helen Creech ... .T j^nne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Eliaabeth Pyke .Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—^K. E. O’Neil
The President’s Court Proposal In the dispute about the President's plan of judicial reform, the central feature of which is the enlargement of the Supreme Court to fifteen members, the problem is this: How is our governmental machinery to be adapted to current social and economic problems ? The basic plank of Roosevelt’s platform was the elimination of some of the abuses of our present economic organization by the F^eral government. In a series of eight decisions, (with particular emphasis on the NRA, the AAA, and the Guffey Coal Act decisions) the Supreme Court demonstrated that it did not believe the Federal government has the power, within the framework of the Constitution, to regulate industry or agriculture. In a decision on the New York Minimum Wage Law, it further showed that it did not believe that the several states have that power. The reforms which Roosevelt had promised apparently lay in a “no-man’s land” of governmental impotence. There are two ways of meeting the problem: either the point of view of the court may be altered, or the points of the Constitution on which the objection of the Court is based can be changed by amendment. Which of these methods would be the most effacious, the most wise, and the most possible of enactment? A change in the number of the justices is provided for in the Constitution, and is not without precedent. There is a genuine question as to the efficacy of the President’s plan, since frequently (MicReynolds, Stone, Hughes, Cardoza, Roberts) justices have come to represent points of view different from that of the President responsible for their appointment. Would a bloc of six judges appointed by Roosevelt vote for New Deal measures consistently after appointment? Roosevelt hopes so, but he cannot be sure. Is this method the most wise ? Is a President faced with a Court who believes his proposals unconstitutional, simply to appoint a new Court? Would this not make the Court a puppet institution, immersed in politics, and subject to undemocratic ambitions of less honorable men than President Roosevelt? This point has been exaggerated, but it is worthy of consideration. To infuse new blood into the Supreme Court in order that it may be more keenly aware of current issues is commendable perhaps, but to draft into it a near-majority for the purpose of bringing the Court into agreemnt with the President is ip direct conflict with the idea of the separation of powers fundamental to our government. It aims to make changes in the Constitution in an unconstitutional manner. In so doing it would not only violate the spirit of our constitutional democracy, but it would also set a dangerous precedent. The Su preme Court, whether or not its power to declare acts of Con gress unconstitutional was intended by the framers of the Constitution, has been a safeguard of rights, both property and human. It has held that no emergency, with the single exception of war, is sufficient cause for suspension of the Constitution ; and it is under the guise of emergencies that democracies fall into dictatorships. The New York Times demands that the President “meet the issue squarely” by supporting an amendment, instead of relying on Court reform, which it regards as a kind of political subterfuge. An amendment, stating clearly the power of the Federal government to regulate certain aspects of industry and agriculture would be, we believe, the wisest (the safest, the most democratic) method of meeting the problem. But how possible is it of enactment ? Eleven Southern states, dominated by textile-mill owners politically; Maine and Vermont; and the far-western states—would they ratify such an amendment. Remember that but 13 states are required to defeat an amendment, and one-twentieth of the population can turn the thumbs down for the entire country. Some have suggested the possibility of an amendment convention, and Roosevelt’s political prestige might make itself more effective here, but on the whole, the prosi)ect of an effective amendment seems fine —but difficult of fulfillment. , These, then, are the alternatives. On the one hand we have a method that is perhaps, more slow and more difficult of fulfillment, but more consistent with our democratic government. Because of the dangers involved in the President’s court proposal, we believe it should be defeated. But the cumbersome difficulties of amendment in this instance remind us thatt an overhall of our amendment processes may well be a necessary step in the establishment of a truly progressive government.—^The Michigan Daily.
Continue To Show Diesel Films Here liBst night another film, concerning the lubrication of Diesel engines, was shown in the Mechanical Engineering Building. This film, and )(M3iers to follow, are being shown in connection with the Diesel Bhort Ckiurse and are being presented by the University Division of the S^iety of Automotive Engineers, Thw evening at 7:80 the Hercules Oompany will show films relating to their Piasel engines. On Wedbaesday oveiring, the Blnui to be
shown will describe the use of Diesel power in railroad and aviation. These films are being sponsored by the Buiberson and Westinghouse Companies.
€. H. Mullen To Speak On Organized Labor ' Carl H. Mullen, head of the Indiana State Federation of Labor, will lecture on “The Aims And Objectives Of Organized Labor” tomorrow night in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30. The address is part of the adult education program.
THE FIRST THING ... I suppose I must get the pin mergers off my chest—spring is approaching for there were nigh on to five mergers this week-end ... JUNE STEWART, Kappa pledge, is wearing DICK WELLBROCK’S crescent. Kappa Sig pin .... Beta DICK JOHNSON is wearing a shiner in exchange for his pin transaction— MARION KRISTJANSON, Alpha Chi pledge, must wield an awful punch—^no wonder she got his pin in such a hurry . . . another Beta took it on the^ chin—BOB KLOPFENSTEIN planked his pin on FRITZl WALKEY, the Theta Artist... now for an off the campus pin romance —“Woman Hater” VAN METER, of the Phi Psi ranch house, made himself head man with FLORENCE BROCK, Theta pledge at Northwestern . . . the old old romance which has involved MARION KIDD for some time is now placed on the shelf—she sprouted out with JACK CUNNINGHAM’S pin. . . legalized smooching, I call it. ..
JACK WALTERS, member of the recently merged fraternities the Theta Chi and Delta Sigma Lambda, splashed both his pins on MARIETTA KRIEGHBAUM, town girl— she is wearing two different pins and true to one man . . . WAS I SURPRISED . . v into the “BLAZER” I walked . . . glanced about I did do ... in a corner did I see ... a Home Ec Prof, on a spree . . . feature my surprise . . . when I did realize . . , that it was, one “GRAVY BREAD” ... In good looks I am not a st^r. There are others more lovely by far. But my face—I don’t mind it, Because I’m behind it— It’s the people in front that I jar... —Swiped . . . REPORTS ... Prof. CORDELL’S
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBERT G. BISK . DB. LUTHEB A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 496S
Family TODAY - WEDNESDAY Double Feature
NOTHING STOPS THEM ON THE GRIDIRON ...BUT CUPID THROWS THEM FOR R LOSS!
WITH WILUAM FRAWLEY Eleanore WHITNEY TOM BROWN LARRY GRABBE BENNY BAKER
VALIANT I CARRld
GLADYS GEORGE ARLINE JUDGE JOHN HOWARD^ DUDL€Y DIGGES I HARRY CAREY f
/ ■" V
underlings report that said Prof, has turned Philosopher . . . with such sayings as: “It’s better to go straight than in the best circles.” and “Children should obscene and not heard ”... HOW MANY OF YOU SAW HIM ... I mean young “BUCKY” ELSTUN, a real kid ... dirty face, hard for sister, BETTY, and her man, “STUBBY” STUBBS, to manage ... he eats a sandwich like a “Huck Finn” ... and his eyes nearly pop clear out when he sees CECIL ISBELL . . . what-a-kid . . . by the way, while speaking of BETTY ESTUN reminds us that she now has a chance to be the “exotic” creature she has been trying to be for weeks . . . “lilother” ELSTUN bought a “grass-skirt” for BETTY while the former was in Florida . . . BETTY, the “Exotic dancer^' ■ . i NICK BELURY tried to pull a fast one on his frat brothers, the DU’S, last Saturday night... NICK fixed” all the beds in the DU dorm . . . the boys got wise * . . NICK crawled into bed about 3 a. m. . , • the boys dumped him out about 3:30 a. m. . . . and how was your coffee Sunday noon, NICK, didn’t it contain a quantity of soap or something??? .. . Member of one Prom Party: “Congratulate me, my dear, I think our party will win.” His co-ed g. f. with surprised expression : “ Honestly ? ” Member: “Now what in thunder did you want to bring that point up for?” A new contest for MARS PASSES will start tomorrow ... Thumb nail sketches of CAMPUS DIGNITARIES, B. M. O. C.’s and B. W. O. C.’s . . .
Second Semester Enrollment 5,255 Five thousand two hundred and fifty-five students are enrolled in the University this semester, President E. C. Elliott announced yesterday. This is the largest second semester enrollment in the history of the University by approximately 800. The drop between semesters was pot as large as usual, the total num-
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
fBsssSS
Aid
TODAY - WEDNESDAY JDouble Feature JOE HITS A NEW HIGH GOAL OF LAUGHTER... as he splits his pants riding... and everybody’s sides roaring I
f;' v litcHAiia "tKiiTS" M GALLAGtTEI —^Plus—You’ll never again say “It Couldn’t Have Happened” after you see the impossible become possible under the magic touch of this new kind of wonder-work-ing detective. Tt couldn’t have
Mtilll REGINALD DENNY EVELYN BRENT
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“It’s okay. Ref—^he always has a bite to eat before he goes to sleep.”
her on the campus last semester being 5,507. Of the 926 women and 4,329 men students, there are 1,939 freshmen, 1,399 sophomores, 884 juniors, 859 seniors, 81 special, and 293 graduate students.
ARE YOU GETTING AM EXPONENT?
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-S FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for l^pccial Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
NOW INSTALLED
Western* Electric MlltKOFHONIC, SOUND SYSTEM
^^'THE LOVE. ^blE INTRIGUE... THE ADVENTURE... that changed an empize'g destiny!
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor , Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
ARC
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
—and— Edward Arnold in ‘MEET NERO WOLFE’
LUMA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
4 ^
...LOOK OUT! They looked os innocent as angels — but were smart
as the devil I} ■' i(i'‘^ -; '* r ^,r^ ^ 'f ''f-J f, , / ^>. *■ ‘ -% ^ /.
I'wViV.' \,l’’ -.J ,1 ■'^,. ■'
.’i
28,1987
THE! PUitHHE EXPONENT
nuBtftksm
Sines Scores 14 Points • / In Defensive Victory
Gopl^rs* Long Sfort Rally In Last Quarter To Almost If in Game
By J. S. Brown '
Playing one of the finest games seen here in years, the Boilermaker quintet avenged their early season Gopher defeat by playing a better defensive game than the Minnesota squad, and finally coming out victorious by a none-too-decisive score of 34 to 33.
The teams were not as even-
ly matched as the one-point
victory would seem to indicate.
Purdue outplayed the Gophers dur>^ ing most of the game; but a scoring splurge put on by the visitors in the closing minutes made it seem for a while that the contest would turn out the way the first Illinois game did. Sines High Scorer Johnny Sines was the stellar performer of the evening. He was not only high scorer, tossing in five baskets and four free throws for a 14-point total, but he more than made up for the handicap of Jewell Yoimg’s twisted knee by leading the Boilermaker offensive”. Of Purdue’s first 17 points, Sines scored 11. Minnesota started the scoring by dropping in the first bucket, but Sines sunk the next two to put the Boilermakers out in front, where they stayed for the rest of the contest. The rest of the first period the Lambertmen did pretty much as
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established' 1894)
Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
322 State Life Bldg. mOIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
they pleased, ending the half on the
high end of a 24-14 score.
The second half started off much the same as the first, and it began to look as though the Gophers would be given a real drubbing, but about halfway through the period, with the scoreboard at 32-21, things began to happen. Minnesota started dropping in long shots from ’way out on the floor, sinking four of them and a short one, to bring the Score to 32-81. With only two minutes left Sines added a basket to the Boilermaker score to give a three-point lead. On the next tipoff Sines got the ball but fumbled in mid-court, and Kundla took the ball down for a tally. As the boys were lining up for the next tip, the gun sounded, much to everyone’s
relief.
Sines, f 5 Young, f 3 Anderson, c 3 Seward, c 0 Malaska g 3 Downey, g 0 Mangas, g 0
Totals 14 6 7 Minnesota (S3) B. F. P. Kundla, f 2 0 3 Nash, f 1 0 1 Addington, f 2 2 1 Manly, c 5 0 3 Maki, c 0 0 0 Rolek, g 4 1 2 Seebach, g 1 0 4
Totals 16 8 14 Referee—Feezle, Indianapolis. Umpire—^Higgins, Minneapolis.
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES
WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US.
Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West.
NEW ADULT RALLROOM ttASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th
ALLEN’S
Phone 2150
Eddie Cantor Wonders What Fast^, j Automobile Drivers Think About!
"Ask a thousand automobile drivers—I mean those reckless ones— going 60 or more miles per hour— what they are going to do with the time they save, and see how many can give you an intelligent answer?” That's the question which Eddie Cantor raises in the booklet "Thou Shalt Not Kill," published by the Travelers Insurance Company on the automobile accident casualty record of last year. "Believe me," he |bdds, "I’m not trying to be facetio^ when I tell you that if automobile accidents Continue on the increase it will sooh reach a point where people will be paying that a person killed by a 'Jfpeeding automobile died a natural death.
A Friend Who Knows a Friend "It’a so pasy to break the speed laws, and once they’re broken, there’s always a friend tvho knows A friend who can 'fix* your ticket for speeding. .Not until the time ar*' rives when we have respect for the most important of alt motorcycle «ops«-eur own oonsclence-*-not un* Ull then can we hope for relief from the thbhSAuds upon thousande of tragedies that happen annually through reckless driving. '’Personally, I’d rather tabs my iShances with a fellow holding a gun
pointed my way than with a drunken or reckless driver. At least you've^ got a chance to reason with a guy', holding a gun. "If every person drove his car as If his horn were out of order, there could never be an accident. And' how much safer every individual would he If people drove with the thought that the other fellow in the other ear was going to do something wrong.
Curbing Reckless Drivers "Early in the spring, one of my radio fans sent me a little poem. If I had my way it would be handed to every applicant for a driver’s license. Here it is:
Here' lies the body of William Jay, Who died maintaining his right of way. He was right as he sped along, But he’s just as dead As if he’d been wrong.
"Too many automobile drivers to* day, stop, look and listen only be* cause there’s something wrong with their engines. They should have more faith in signs. One motor vehicle authority I know recently submitted a unique and promising plan for curing reckless driving. He would compel speedsters to sit in their au* tomobiles, parked In a public square, with loud radio speakers broadcasting: ’Here are reckless drivers who have no respect for their own lives or anyone else’s’. < "M|ke nc mistake, It would bring desirable results. But the tragedies caused" by rgiskless drivers have given me • thought that provides a more drastlq penalty. Pass it qn to the lawmakers in your community: Every person who has been given three tickets for speeding—making him a third offender—should not only have his license revoked, but he should not be permitted to drive a oar again for the rest of his naturid life.
"Wouldn’t you feel saferf'
\>
ielder’s.... ....choice _By Bob WalpoleaMMM
Purdue .^University and Alpha Gamma Rho lost a mighty fine boy on Sunday.. . . you have heard us mention Punchy Bryan several times in this column ... he was one of the gamest boxers we have seen, and more than that, a swell fella... this department sends deepest regrets to the family and relatives of Clem ... —fc— Saturday’s ball game with the Gophers was a whiz-bank for excitementi but the Minnesota defense was as different from Illinois’ as night is from day . . . the Boilermaker passing, when they were clear, was excellent, and above all, Co-captain Glen Downey showed his real self as a ball player . .. fo— Doumey’s ball-hawking was probably the feature of the game, unless it was Dick Seebach’s ability to hold Brig Young to seven tallies ... Seebach did on Saturday night what other guards have been trying to do for nine games —^fc— Don’t forget to see that Athletic Carnival on Thursday evening . . . rope climbing, various and sundry races, and last but not least, the one and only Perfect Man Contest . . . —^fc— Captain Paul Vernor collected his first second place this season against Chicago last Friday ... however, he added another winner in the 100...
Prof. H. G. Yenemann To Address Convention
Prof. H. G. Venemann of the mechanical engineering school is in Centralia, 111., today attending the convention of the Illinois chapters of the National Association of Prac? tical Refrigerating Engineers. He will speak before the converttion on the subject “Practical Operating Economy of Refrigerating Equipment.”
About 30 superintendents and other executives of the Central Illinois Public Service j Company are expected to be in the group attending the convention.
FRESHMEN SQUASH
TODAY 4:00—Blessing vs. Alexander. 6:00—Eberhard vs. Munro. 6:30—Simmons vs. Scully. 7:15—Parke vs. Lownie.
WBAA
TODAY
Dr.
11:00—Enid Wilson, soprano. 11:2(1—Newsacster, Mr. T. K. Noss. 11:30—Principles of Bookkeeping, Mr. li. G. Minnear. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—“Cosmetic Problems Solved”— Miss Helen Creech. 12:16—Bud Bryant’s Orchestra. 12:30—Scientific News Review, Carl J. Klemme. 12:46—^Noon Musicale. 1:00—Dental Forum. 1:16—^Eleclrical Shop. 1:30—Jimmy Woodruff, Guitar. 1:46—^Markets, Weather Reports. 2:00—Story Time. 2:16—^Music With the Masters. 2:46—Treasure Chest, Prof. P. E, Lull. 3:00—Jefferson "High School Program. 3:30—We Have Music. » 3:46—^The Apothecary. 4:00—Practical Speech Problems, Prof. P. E. Lull. 4:30—^Twilight Musicale. 4:46—The Traveler.
Hoosiers To Travel By Plane To A.A.U. Meet In New York
Bloomington, Ind., Feb. 22.—Six track stars and Coach E. C. Hajres this week-end will form the largest Indiana University athletic contingent ever to travel by plane when they invade New York via the air lanes to compete in the National A. A, U. Indoor Championships Saturday night. ' The six athletes—five distance
runners and a dash man—^are to
participate in Indiana’s Big Ten dual meet with Illinois here Friday, then board an East-bound plane for a speedy journey to the national event in Madison Square Garden. Don Lash, world two-mile rec-ord-holder, heads the list of Indiana’s contenders for the national honor roll.
F encers Beaten By N U, 9-8
Northwestern’s Victory In the Foil Competition Wins Meet
Northwestern’s fencing team defeated the Boilermaker squad by close score of 9-8 in a nip and tuck meet last Saturday afternoon in the Memorial Gym. The University’s representatives turned in a very creditable account of themselves. They won the saber event, 3-1, and tied in the epee, 2-2, but the Purple squad was too strong in the foil division, defeating the Boilermakers in that event, 6-3. Seaborg and McWilliams were the two outstanding men on the Gold and Black squad. Seaborg won two matches in the saber, while McWilliams came out on top in two of his three foil matches.
The summary: FOILS—^Friedman (NW) defeated Latter <P), 6-4; Provus (NW) defeated McWilliams (P), 6-2; Hoffer (NW) defeated Reynolds (P), 6-0; Provus (NW) defeated Huffman (P), 6-8; McWilliams (P) defeated Friedman (NW), 6-2; Hoffer (NW) defeated Latter (P), 6-3; Huffman (P) defeated Friedman (NW) 6-6 ; Provus (NW) defeated Latter of (P), 6-3; and McWilliams (P) defeated Hoffer (NW), 6-4. SABER—Seaborg (P) defeated Stevens of (NW), 6-1; and Wood (NW), 6-6; Lacey (P) defeated Stevens (NW), 6-6, and Wood (NW) defeated Antueshko . (P), 16-1. --oEPEE—Neal (NW) defeated Mathews (P), 3-0; Mathews (P) defeated- si^th (NW), 3-0; Sellers (P) defeated Smith (NW), 3-1, and Neal (NW) defeated Meier (P). 3-0.
Winterrowd Contest Entries Due March 1
Entries for the Winterrowd Library contest will close March 1, on which day all contestants must submit their lists of books to Dr. H. L. Creek, chairman of the judging committee, in University Hall. Dr. Creek, aided by Dean R. G. Dukes of the graduate school and Professor P. R. Hall, of the history department, will select the two seniors who own the best libraries to receive the $65 and $36 awards. No restrictions are placed on the cost, number, or type of books.
SCHOMER’S Radio Service 218 N. 8th Phone 4958
Tankers Whip Armour Tech
TredweU Stars la Win-
ning First In Backstroke And Diving
The Gold and Black tankmen ad-
ministered a whipping to the Arm-
our Tech swimmers last Saturday
afterhoon in the University of Chi-
cago pool, coming out on the long end of a 53-22 score. TredweU lead the Boilermaker triumph with firsts in the 100 yard backstroke and fancy diving, with Captain Vernor close behind with a second in the 100 yard free style and helping to win the 160 yard relay. The summary: 160 Yard Relay—Won by Purdue (Whitcomb, Stewart, Walalce, and Vernor), Time 1:18.6. 100 Yard Backstroke—Won by TredweU (P): Dodge (A), second: Jacobi (P), third. Time 1:10.7. 40 Yard Free Style—Won by Lahey (P) ; Farwell (P), second; Winblad (A), third. Time :20.6. . 100 Yard Breaststroke—Won by Svagdis (A): Carr (P), second; Van Delester (P), third. Time 1:16.8. 200 Yard Free Style—^Won by Armstrong (P) : Classon (P), second; Dodge (A), third. Time 2:37.5. Fancy Diving—Won by TredweU (P); Craig (P), second; Saltzman (A), third. 100 Yard Free Style—Won by Wallace (P) : Vernor (P) second; Rueckberg (A), third. Tmie :59.7. 120 Yard Medley Relay—^Won by Armour Tech (Downing, Svagdis, and Winblad), Time, 1:10.0.
P.M.Dept.Wfflir^e«eiit ‘Hie RmmaBee Of C3aw*
The practical mechanics department win present today and tomoT' row another in thehr series of educational films, "The Romance of Glass." This film, from the Ball Brothers Company at Monde, is concerned with the manufacture of glass.
KEYS
Kigm Ut tnmiu, Sum lodbL aiifc
I# pMMkfc
kwfcik Might hrteitaM *mt Aato hags aai hwiSla IwH a
daHr. /'
F. Jos. Bfidhaapt ft S<m PhMMZSas UtimfMU. Boa.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Bnsiness DUNCAN ft LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
P
RIKTING
JRJDDEN
*^RVICE _ _ Ofica SMNaanr. Waddlag hnMaSooa
PHONE a8taiowmi,«.. 618 CASSEL'S cosfEBf^
It's time
SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SFERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN STREET
A 4
For Junior Prom The SEVEN ACES
LOUISE BAIN Kappa Kappa Gamma Distinguished Student Union Show Pony Chorus
VERLE FARROW Independent Representative Alley Louie Club, Sec., Exec. Comm. Distinguished Student Pistol Team
HUGH FORSTER
Sigma Phi Epsilon Exponent Jr. Editor Distinguished Student Gimlet
ED KORTY Sigma Chi Jeff H. S. Graduate Champion I-M Baseball Pitcher
BOB REID Delta Tan Delta Union Vice President Skull and Crescent
MARTY SCHREYER Delta Upsilon 1937 Football Captain Distinguished Student
TOM SHEETS Phi Kappa Psi Union Vice President Numerals in freshman football
1. A full week-end of entertainment. 2. Prom dancing until 4 a. m.
They’re Primed For Prom
Good Music + Good Food = Enjoyable Meal
Good Music—Bud Bryqnt and his orchestra play each noon in the Cafeteria . . . trying to make your meal more enjoyable!
Good Food—^You'll find the finest foods of many varieties are served quickly and courteously at a moderate price . . . trying to make your meal more enjoyable!
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
Purdue Memorial Union
Corner of Iho Camimt-^Yof the Center of AcHyiliet
m
''^’1
;
-‘m
'm
: ■‘'■'111
uiniiniFour
PUROtrE! EXPbKENT
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDINC! MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all madiines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Room Pot Rent—^Very desirable room with twin beds. Will accept services for rent. Phone 66642.
For Sale—Oliver typewriter $6. Portable victrola $5.50. Leather upholstered settee $6.50. Rocking chair to match $4.50. Small 3-draw-er chest $2.50. Back number magazines 1 c tne to5 ndavenport etum azines 1 cent to 5 cents each. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
NOTICES No noUcos accoptod after t p. m.
Pratemities—^Those fraternities whose crests are still in the Union Building please call for them at the Student Union office as soon as possible. —WIEGANDT.
Basketball Ushers—Report at Jeff Gym by 5 :45 for next two games. —HUGHES.
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for • COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Hood Relief—All students who have been affected by the recent floods are requested to report to the Dean of Men’s office immediately. By so doing, they will furnish the information necessary for {he University to make proper use of the Federal Relief funds which have hen set aside for the assistance of those who have suffered losses. —FISHER.
Christian Science Organisation—R^ular meeting will be hdd in room D of the Union Building, February 2S, 7:16 p. m. —WINTER.
Union Committee— Our committees will in the Union office at 4 p. m. February 2S. —WIEGANDT, PFORZHEIMEK.
Union Committee—My committee will meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. on February 23. —PUTZE.
Badminton Tournament—Following contests are to be played F^ruary 23 at 4 p. m.: M. Hover vs. I. Boehm; J. Edson vs. J. Shaffer: at 4:30, G. Walker vs. W. Grass. y —MEIER.
Scabbard and Blade—Pledges and initiation committee will meet in the Armory at 7:30, February 24. —BUENGING.
Newman Club—Meeting of all committee chairmen and officials February 23 at 4:16 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. —RAPALSKI.
Entrants in “Perfect Man” Contest—Report to Clevett’s office at 6:30 p. m. on February 23. —CLEVETT.
Boxers and Wrestlers—^Must weigh in on February 23 from 6:00 to 6:00 p. m. at the South end of the Gym. —CLEVETT.
Purdue Agriculturist— All agriculture students desiring to work on the circulation staff please report at the Agriculturist’s office February 23 at 7 p. m. —BUXTON.
P. I. A.—All independent students desiring to take dancing lessons please sign up in the P. I. A. office from 4 to 6 p. m. any time before March 1. —BUXTON.
Dance Class—Aii independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign up in P. I. A. office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6:30. —BUTCHER. Flying Club—^Meeting in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. February 24. —SMITH.
Playshop Board—Meeting. February 24 at 4 p. ni. in the Playshop office. —RUSSELL.
.W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—^Meeting at 6 p. m. February 23 in office. —FELDT. Eta Kappa Nu—Important meeting February 24 at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. Officers meet at 7 in same room. Be prompt. —McEACHRON.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
.Deck Tennie—These games should be played off betdte February 27: Bouton and Newnian vs. Auld Rnd Clymer; Charles and fitch vs. Halstead and Kelly; Pell and Reverda vs. Phelps and Cooler. —RIETH. Military Boxers—The following men will report to the Memorial Gym February 26 at 4 p. m. for the semi-finals in the Military Boxing tournament. 126 Pound Class—W, A, Nash, B. - W. Carpenter, M. H. Ostrander, R. A, Tillson, and P. F. Pouder. 136 Pound Class—G. Kester, P. Murphy, P. Vuchines, H, Krashen, C. R. Brown. 146 Pound Class—C, Craft, E. S. Bogue, H. Butcher, H. Frazee, Henderson, and J. W. Godbey. 160 Pound Class—T. F. Jelnick. T. E. Dann, R. H. Conkllii, R. W. Burks, D. H. Carson, F. E. Franz, S. G. Peterson. 176 Pound Class—C. A. Reising, W. B. Bowman, L, W. LaFuse, J. O’Connor, and B. Tibbets. Heavyweight—^V. J. Vitkus.
Schedule for Corps Formation, Feb. 23.— A (1) The Ist PFA less E-1 with H-2 and A-2 attached wil form at 11 a. m. in the Armory for 26 minutes instruction in the Regimental
Drill.
E-1 will report to Room 103 of
the Armory at 11 a. m.
B (1) The 2nd Bn. 2nd PFA Jess E-2 will form at the Armory at 7:00 p. m. for instruction in mounted drill and will be excused from the 11
o’clock formation.
JS-2 will form at the Armory at 4 p. m. February 26, and will be excused from the 11 o’clock forma-
tion.
The staffs of the 2nd PFA and the Xst Bn. 2nd PFA will report to Captain Hayford at 11 a. tn.
The 3rd PFA with B-2 attached will
form at 11:16 a. m. east of the Armory and will enter the Armory at 11:25 for 25 minutes instruction in the Regibental Parade.
D The 4th PFA with C-2 attached will
form on the west side of the main
floor.
E All junior cadet officers will report in uniform at 11 a. m. for the necessary typhoid inoculations and the smallpox vaccinations. Junior cadet officers assigned to organizations excused at this hour need not, wear uniforms.
(2)
(2)
(3)
llouble CleantniGl 2$ervtoe
CROWN CLEANING service is double service ... not only are your Garments scfientificaily cleaned and expertly pressed but are moth proofed at the same operation. We use MONITE moth proof process. No extra charge.
Freshmen Union Committees—The following freshmen committees have been assigned for the remainder of the semester. Pfrozheimer— W. W. McElyea, G. E. McCoy, R. P. McConnell, M. D. Ross, J. W. Harper, W. G. Cantley, R. E. Burkholder, E. Hannifin, R. L. Hamilton, R. W. Hallett, H. W. Boyd, Virginia Beck, Mary Ellen Foresman, Ruth Hall, Katherine Mounce, Marian Phillips, and Margaret Sexton. Wiegandt— f D. L. Brubeck, R. Brown, K. Blessing, R. Blackmore, D. Madden, R. A. Lynch, W. R. Lutz, L. A. Luth, H. E. Hadd, R. E. Long, D. E. Lewis, Betty Bennett, Rosemary Godman, Dorothy Hardin, Manetta Ohmann, Evaughn Price, Caroline Singer, and Ruth Zimmerman.
FINE CLEANERS OP FINE CLOTHES
Reid— A. H. Gard, R. B. Fugate, A. H. Exton, C. T. Engeman, G. M. Garcina, J. Lawler, R. N. Kessler, J. A. Kerwin, F. B. Kelsey, L._ G. Drabing, R. C. Kany, P. F. Cooper, Elizabeth Barnes, Willamine Grace, Natalie Hawkins, Marion Patterson, Ruth Randall, Naima Smith, and Sara P. Wynn. Rieth— J. M. Martin, U. H. Mytinger, W. M. Cox, H. N. Jones, C. E. Jones, J. R. Jarvis, J. Hulvershorn, W. Diffley, L. B. Didier, J. I. Dean, J. Daley, R. C. Henry, J. Patterson, Harriette Billings, Jane Fleig, Dorothy Hewitt, Dorothy Miller, Kathryn Rhynearson, and Margaret Stocker. Stallings— J. H. Musson, P. E. Schaub, W. J. Sanders, E. H. Roepstorff, J. A. Richardson, L. S. Reed, W. B^. Rectenwall, H. V. Raschke, L. A. Pidgeon, J. R. Phister, F. Hartman, D. S. Hartman, Catherine Cooley, Lucy Demaret, Dorothy Johnson, Margaret Mathes, Arline Rotherberger, Louise Schicker, Jean Stolz. Claypole— B. L. Page, R. L. Obljnger, G. M. Oberholtzer, H. Nevison, H. W. Nervin, J. M. Rice, B. P. Mullett, F. M. Morgan, E. L. Molzaher, O. Miller, W. C. Mertz, R. B. Harruf, Margaret Crankshaw, Joanne Edson, Althea Jorgeson, Mary McLaughlin, Margaret Schatzinger, Georgeanne Schieling, and Georgia Walker. Sheetz— H. W. Rhodehamel, R. A. Stapleton, L. E. Morrison, N. G. Terry; J. D. Hardin,
D. A. Wright. A. F, White. J. L. Wilson, J. R. Williamson, J. J, Werat, J. Watson, W. T. Cushing, Frances Bradshaw. Thais Crepps, Emalee Hubbard, Mary J. Laramor, Barbara Roderick, Caroline Scott, and Betty Wickard. Pntze— C. F. Sopcak, R. H. Van Landipgham, N. Thompson, T. Ryan, A. R. Thomas, H. G. Telford, J. G. Swinney, R. C. Stroup, C. J. Smith, H. C. Schryver, E. W. Schilling, J. Curtis, Janet Burton, Glenora Cullipher, Janet Humphreys, Marian Long, Janet Roper, Ella Lou Sexon, and Carolyn Williams. Scatterday— P. C. Lewis, T. A. Levy, W. S. Blxler, L. S. Reed, W. Leffler, M. L. Billings, B. Button, T. A. Ambre, G. W.-Allen, F. G. Fultz, R. C. Garnive, R. I. Coppes, Bernadine Barnes, Virginia Gould, Enid Baker, Mary Oliver, Frances Raebig, Muriel Smith, Marilyn Wray. Perkins— Bernadine Barnes, Betty Bennett, Janet Burton, Thais Crepps, Joanne Edson, Rosemary Goodman, Ruth Hall, Natalie Hawkins, Janet Humphreys, Mary Jane I,aramore, Mary McLaughlin, Manetta Ohmann, Marian B. Phillips, Ruth Randall, Janet Roper. Louise Schickler, Ella Lou Sexon, Muriel Smith, Jean Stolz, land Carolyn Williams. Mytinger— Elizabeth Barnes, Harriette Billings, Catherine Cooley, Glenora Cullipher, Jane Fleig, Virginia Gould, Dorothy Hardin, Dor-
othy Hewitt, Marian Long, Dorothy Miller, Mary P. Oliver, Evaughn Price, Katherine Rhynearson, Arline Rothenberger, Georgeanne Schilling, Margaret Sexton, Naima Smith, Georgia Walker, Marilyn Wray, and Ruth Zimmerman. MeLeod*— Virginia Beck, Prances . Bradshaw, Margaret Crankshaw, Lucy Demaret, Mary Ellen Foresman, Willamine Grace, EnSd G. Baker, Emalee Hubbard, Althea Jorgeson, Margaret Mathes, Katherine Mounce. Marion Patterson, Prances Raebig, Barbara Roderick, Margaret Schatzinger, Caroline Scott, Carolyn Singer, Margaret Stocker, Betty Wickard, and Sarah P. Wynn. —SOHOLBR.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Gary Cooper says: ''It’s plain common sense for me to
a
Parable
A certain man had a furnace and his house grew cold. Said he to the furnace; ”Not another lump of coal do you get till you give more heat.”
prefer this light smoke”
little over a year ago I changed to Ltickies because I etu joy the flavor of their tobacco* Ever since, my throat has been in fine shape* As my voice and ihroatmeansomuchtomeinmy business, it*s (>2aincbmn^ sense for me to prefer this light smoke* So Fm strong for Luckies!*^ IN PARAMOUNT'S ”THE PLAINSMAN'* DIRECTED BY CECIL B. DE MILLS
.... the poor man froze. . . . . and so did the merchant who cut down his newspaper advertising budget to **save expense.”
fill;''"
An independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc. Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they personally prefer a light smoke. Mr. Cooper verifies the wisdom of this prefer* ence, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera. Their voices are their fo^rtunes. That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies. You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process "It’s Toasted”. Luckies are gentle on the throat.
THE HNEST TOBACCOS— «THE CREAM OF THE CROP'*
A Light Smoke 'It’s Toasted’’-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRlTAnON-AGAlNST COUGH