Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
Lafayette, Indiana
TUESDAY
May 9,1939
VoLSO
No. 177
Dr. Valentine Addresses Emmert Paccs Riveters In
show To Levee
Led by eight chotimium trimmed Jy V I ^ V I jF I W W Cl Iv €1 11 streamliners, a caravan of 46 units m
Sixty-Fifth Baccalaureate “Your individual choice of loyalties will largely determine the character of your personal lives, and your collective loyalties determine your collective future,” declared Dr. Alan Valentine, president of the University of Rochester, before the 65th Commencement Baccalaureate service Sunday afternoon.
Preceding the services, attended
by a record breaking senior class, alumni back for Gala Week, and parents and friends of prospective graduates, the academic procession wound its way through the campus to the Fieldhouse, accompanied by processional music from the University Symphonic Band. Loyalties Not Simple Continuing his speech. Dr. Valentine emphasized that loyalties are not as simple as they might seem; that we live in a world confused by too numerous, mistaken, or wrongly interpreted loyalties.. “I confess to sharing, to some degree, a concern about the loyalties of college men and women,” said Valentine. His concern he stated was with the maturity of the mental process by which the loyalties were reached and the conflict between them, rather than what they were or what their strength. “I think that the loyalties of each of us should be mature, and should be consistent,”
he said.
“Modern Conflict” Correlating his talk to the present state of world affairs, Valentine pointed out that “The modern conflict of ideologies is really a conflict of loyalties: Should a man support freedom or aggrandizement, God or the state ” In conclusion, he said, “If all this be true, a sound test of a man’s maturity is the quality of his loyalties, his ability to arrange them in their proper order, and his capacity to enlarge their scope. The strength of his devotion to them will be the measure of his sincerity.” A hymn by the University choir and orchestra, followed by the benediction by Reverend Parker and the recessional by the Symphonic band, brought the Baccalaureate Service to a close. Shaver Will Address Stamp Group Tonight James W. Shaver of Lebanon will be the principal speaker at a meeting of the Lafayette Philatelic Society at 6:30 this evening. Shaver, regional representative of the National Federation of Stamp Clubs, will discuss the organization of the federation. This meeting is being held in the place of the regular Wednesday night meetings. It will be held at Wheelers. Tickets for the dinner priced at 35 cents, may be secured from Dickenconner, 36624, before noon today.
Second Gymkhana Will Open Sunday On Intramural Field Opening with a parade of all participants followed by a mounted drill, thq second annual Gymkhana will get underway at 2:30 p. m. on Mother’s Day, Sunday, May 14, on the intramural field. A program of 13 events, including two open classes, has been arranged by the student committee in charge. Irvin Summers, chairman, Paul Cooper, Alice Martens, and Mary Mather comprise the committee. The open classes, added to the show this year, will be for three and five gaited horses. Judging will be on performance, 50 per cent; 26 per cent on horsemanship; and 25 per cent on conformation. Among the other events of the afternoon will be two horsemanship classes open only to members of the Purdue Riding Club, one for men and one for women, and an open saddle class for riders under 15 years of age. A special feature of the program will be the “high school” horse. Journey's End Opens For First Showing On Campus Tonight With the opening of Sheriff’s “Journey’s End” in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight at 7:30, the University will be seeing, for the first time, a play that is, according to J. E. Dietrich, Playshop director, “one of the greatest entertainment and literary classics of all time.” The production, put on by the Playshop, will run through Saturday, with curtains at 7:30 p. m. on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, and at 8 p. m. on Friday and Saturday. Good seats are still available on all of these nights, but Saturday night is reserved for mothers only. Scrivener Club... . . . campus writing honorary, announces the election of the following officers: Fowlis Munro, president; Charlotte Finney, secretary and treasurer; Helen Steffee, editor of the Scrivener Magazine; and Dick Springgate, business manager.
By Mary Burtsfield Mud fiew and fists ran riot last Saturday night at the Kappa Delta Rho-Phi Kappa Tau Water Wagon fight in Hills and Dales. The fight is staged annually between the freshmen of the two fraternities to create a friendlier feeling among its members. The fight was originated in 1928 purely by accident. The Kappa Rho boys, on their way home with the daily mail (carried in a wagon) passed the Phi Kappa Tau house, which was just brand new. Sincerely motivated, they threw rotten tomatoes at the house. Enraged, the Phi Kappa Tau actives defended their new home by attacking the Delta Kappa Rho’s and their wagon. Since then the fight has been continued annually, but is now limited to freshmen. The stage is set by the host fraternity which provides the freshmen with a small sized lake, consisting
will bring the General Motors’ “Parade of Progress” to Lafayette today. The world’s fair on wheels, as it is termed, will open on the Main street levee at 2 p. m. with continuous showing until 10 p. m. today, tomorrow, and Thursday. Previews of research exhibits which are on display at the New York World’s Pair and the San Francisco Exposition will be presented. Liquid light, cold stove cooking, and the electric eye will be demonstrated. Stroboscopes with synchronized neon lights dickering with incredible speed will appear to make fast moving machinery stand still; oscillographs will transform sound into a waving streak of light; and ail instrument which registers the pressure of your finger on a section of railroad rail will be on display. Advances in automotive service and safety will be depicted by contrasting a modern fully equipped service station with the blacksmith shop of yesteryear. The show is being brought here by the Lafayette Chamber of Commei^ce through the courtesy of General Motors, and is free to everyone. Alpha Phi Omega... . . . scouting honorary announces the pledging of John R. Day, Indianapolis; Gordon Bloomquist, of Gary; John E. Day, Jr., Chicago, 111.; Perry A. Clark, Syracuse, N.Y.
Elliott Names 15 'Golden Boilermakers' From Class Of '89 At Banquet Sunday Fifteen members of the 1889 class, named “Golden Boilermakers” by President E. C. Elliott, received golden anniversary certificates at a gathering of alumni Sunday noon as a part of the Gala Week festivities. ..m—— ,
The 16 members of the class of ’89, who returned to the campus for their golden anniversary and were presented certificates are: Charles E. Middleton, Madison; Brown Brockenbrough, Lafayette; John P. Foresman, Lafayette; Oliver M. Jones, Danville, 111.; Prank E. King, Minneapolis, Minn.; Charles A. McCorkle, West Point; John T. McCutcheon, Chicago, 111.; Francis B. Parker, West Lafayette; Richard Sample, Lafayette; Mrs. Blanche Van Natta Ruffner, Lafayette; Charles W. Shafer, Mentone; Robert B. Stearns, Brookline, Mass.; Robert B. Wallace, Lafayette; Alva C. Washburne, Pittsfield, Mass.;
Crawfordsville, May 8—(Special)—Johnny Emmert, Boilermaker right-hander, pitched the entire route against Wabash here this afternoon, holding the Little Giants to four hits while his teammates made nine runs to trounce the home team, 9-3. Emmert and Frank Smithson each connected for two hits, a triple and a single, and each drove in three of the Boilermaker runs to carry off batting honors along with Hanscon, Wabash first baseman, who hit a triple and single and scored all three runs for the Little Giants.
Stamm Triples
Heame opened the game with a walk, but was forced at second by Dickinson, who scored when Stamm poled a triple into deep right center. Mackiewicz was hit by a pitched ball, and Stamm came in with the Second run when Dean drove a long
fly to Seiler.
\
Thompson walked, to start the fourth inning, and scored
when Fisher and Emmert singled. It was the fifth inning in which the Little Giants got the first of their four hits. Hanscon walked and went to second when Emmert was charged with a balk. Gray singled to
knock him in.
Pour runs were scored in the seventh for Purdue, although the Boilermakers got "only two hits, one of which did not count in the scoring. Dickinson rolled out. Stamm walked, and Mackiewicz advanced him to second. Schloot hobbled on Dean’s grounder, who was safe at first, filling the bases. Smithson tripled to deep right, driving Stamm, Mackiewicz and Dean in. A passed ball permitted Smithson to add the fourth tally of the inning.
Hanscon Triples
Wabash came back with its second run when Hanscon hit for three bases and scored when Thompson was picking up Gray’s grounder and executing the first half of a double (Continued on page 3)
ROTC Announces Parking For National Inspection According to a recent announcement by the military department in connection with National Inspection on Thursday afternoon, pass cars will be admitted to the review at the Fourth Street gate. Cars desiring public parking will be admitted through the Stadium Street entrance to the Intramural Field. A Fox Movietone camera man will be on hand to photograph the
inspection.
H.C.Thuerk'19, Promoted H. C. Thuerk, EE ’19, of Staten Island, N. Y., was recently promoted to the position of general manager of sales for the Utility Management Corp., of New York City, according to word received here. Thuerk received his master’s degree in 1922.
and Lonzo P. Weaver, West Point. Other Certificates In addition to the golden certificates awarded the class of ’89, silver certificates were presented to the class of 1914, and loyalty certificates to the classes of 1894, 1899, 1904, and 1909. Prior to the noon luncheon the alumni spent the morning attending the various class meetings and the “open house” at the home of President and Mrs. E.
C. Elliott.
Gala Week festivities wound up with a concert by the Purdue Military band and an exhibition of stunt flying by Mike Murphy at the University Airport.
Mud, Fists Fly At Phi Kappa Tau —Kappa Delta Rho Wagon Fight
mainly of oozing mud, with a hay wagon set in the middle. In alternating years, one team defends the wagon and the other attacks it. The winner is the fraternity which wrestles the wagon from the defending team. Neither fraternity has yet succeeded in rescuing the wagon from the defending team. SAA Petitions Due Toniffht All sophomores who plan to rim for junior SAA positions must turn in their j^etitions before 5 p. m. tonight, announced officials in charge last night. To date those who have turned in petitions are John Fisher, William Taylor, Claude Van Zant, Thomas Nolan, and W. Siljander. Elections are to be held Tuesday May 16.
Elliott Addresses Home Economic, Ag Extension Workers Pointing out that for a University to be successful, it was necessary for the people of the soil to have faith and that there must be “sublime cooperation,” President Elliott addressed agricultural and home economics extension workers at a special luncheon program yesterday. The program was given in observation of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the passing of the SmithLever Act, which granted federal aid to states, bringing about a unified national educational extension system. “One does not teach from the top of a pyramid, but from the student level,” Di. Elliott stated in his speech. “I pay tribute to you extension workers for these fine services. You are really the ambassadors of agriculture.” In addition President Elliott praised the 200 years of service rendered by eight members of the University extension staff who have served 26 years each. They are T. A. Coleman, Leila Gaddis, Z. M. Smith, J. W. Schwab, M. O. Pence, G. M. Frier, F. M, Shanklin, and Miss Mabel Harlan.
University Literary Contest Winners Wili Be Announced Student winners in the annual allUniversity Literary Contest will be announced at the annual University Literary Banquet to be held on the night of May 24 with Carl Van Doren, 1938 Pulitzer Prize winner for the year’s best biography as the main speaker. President Edward C. Elliott will act as toastmaster. Awards to be presented to the winners of the contest include the Horace G. Reisner cup for the best short story, the George Ade cup for the best one-act play, the David E. Ross cup for the best poem, and the Governor M. C. Townsend cup for the best informal essay. Cash prizes to be given include the Dean H. G. Enders awards of $10 and $6 for the best essays on science; the two Hockema-Stewart awards of $15 and $10 for the best essays on Tippecanoe county or Indiana History; the English Department prize of $10 for the best informal essay; and the W. H. Winterrowd award of 1$136 to the senior who has acquired the best collection of technical and non-technical books during his college career.
Senior Snooper's Banquet To Reveal Co-ed's Scandals Secret ambitions, possessions,
heart throbs, careers, loves, and adorations will be revealed at the annual “Senior Snoopers” banquet Tuesday night May 16 at 6:15 in the
Home Economics Cafeteria. This banquet is for senior women
only, no faculty members will be present and all snooping will be kept secret so watch out or one of the committee of snoopers will uncover your past. If you do have a past though don’t be a ’fraidy cat but come and face the music. This will be a good chance to cultivate last minute acquaintances and will give you another pleasant memory
of school days at old Purdue. You may purchase your tickets
for 66 cents from Eleanor Benton, Nina )leWitt, Frances Merritt, Georgianna Pittman, Katherine Merritt or at the west desk of the Union lobby before Sunday evening.
Foresters To Hold Field Day Saturday Forestry Club will hold their an-
nual field day at Ross Camp Saturday. At the end of the day the class having collected the highest number of points during the afternoon will have their respective class numerals painted on the Forestry Club field day plaque which hangs in the
main Forestry office.
Events scheduled for the afternoon are pacing, compass traverse, sawing, field events, soft ball, sing-
ing, and story telling.
Friends of Forestry Club members are also invited to attend according to those in charge of the
field day.
Dr. Smith To Speak At Open Meeting Of Agriculture Society Agriculture Education Society will hold an open meeting particularly for seniors tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Education Building. The Purpose of the meeting will be to help the senior taking over his first teaching job. Speakers for the affair are Dr. Z. M. Smith, supervisor of Indiana Vocational Agriculture, speaking on “Administration Problems.” Second speaker of the evening wiU be P. S. Lowe, President of the Indiana Vocational Association and vocational teacher at Frankfort, who will speak on “Problems Confronting a New Teacher.” At the end of the meeting on open forum will be held.
Paul McNutt Selected By College Students As Top Democratic Presidential Candidate By Joe Belden, Editor '
Student Opinion Surveys America
Austin, Tex., May 9.—American college youth have picked a new number one presidential possibility in their own poll, the Student Opinion Surveys of America. He is the Democrat Paul V. McNutt, 49-year-old high commissioner to the Phillipines and former college professor, whose White House boom has been one of the first to get underway. Running a close second in the favor of the nearly one and a half million college students was the even more youthful Thomas E. Dewey, the 37-year-old Republican district attorney of New York. A striking peculiarity of college youth’s political habits discovered in this survey is the fact that not only do Republican students often favor Democratic candidates and vice versa, but nearly a third claim no allegiance whatever to either of the major parties. Of that third
only very few declared themselves as preferring any party. Using the question, “If Roosevelt is not a candidate in 1940, whom would you like to see elected President?” interviewers for the surveys queried a cross-section of the nation’s collegiate political population which included students of all age, sex, study, geographical, and political groupings. Making no separation of Republican, Democratic, or independent students, the survey lists the following as leading choices for the
1940 elections:
1. Paul V. McNutt (D) 17.7 2. Thomafe E. Dewey (R) „ 15,6 3. John N. Garner (D) 9,7 4. Cordell Hull (D) 8.3 6. Fiorello LaGuardia (R) .... 4.5 6. Arthur Vandenberg (R) 3.8 7. Robert Taft (R) 2.2 8. William Borah (R) 8JL 9. Harry L. Hopkins (D) 13 10. Phil LaFollette (Prog) .... IJl All othei-s and undecided 33,7£diktdaL
‘k Man's Best Friend... ... is his mother,” rings true every day in the year. It is only upon one day annually, however, that such a great “friend” is honored by the entire nation . . . Sunday will be that day. Ev^ry Purdue mother has already received two invitations to the Mother’s Day festivities on Saturday and Sunday, May 13 and 14—one from President Elliott, and one from Student Union President Gordon Matthews. These notes alone, however, are not enough. The allimportant letter must come from the student himself . . . his own personal invitation for mother to visit the University on her day. Saturday’s University Sing will highlight the two-day program. Other events include a style show, luncheon, WSGA program. Union reception and tea, breakfast, special Sunday YWCA service. Gymkhana program, and individual house parties and dinners. All this will be in honor of that person who should be every man and woman’s great ideal.. Mother. Two separate plans have been outlined for the University Sing starting at 6:30 p. m. Saturday ; one for singing in the Oval if the weather is clear; another for the program in the Union ballroom if it rains. If the sing is in the Oval, street car motormen will cooperate by moving their cars at only three miles per hour, and not clanging their gongs. Thoughtful motorists will not honk their horns, and no harsh noises should clash with the singing. A public address system to the cafeteria and main lounge will be set up if the sing is in the ballroom. In either case, over 1,000 students in 37 different groups, fraternity, sorority, and PIA, will appear on the stage. Each group will sing two numbers in their alloted five minutes. Some mothers will hear their own sons and daughters in the same numbers they might sing after dinner any day, or songs fraternity men might sing under a sorority window for an evening serenade. All mothers will be greeted with a fine program arranged especially for them. Saturday morning co-eds will entertain mothers with a style show in the Home Economics auditorium, followed by a luncheon in the Union ballroom. WSGA has planned a program in the ballroom to start at 3:30, including presentation of Mortar Board pledges, crowning of the May Queen, Modem Dance group exhibition, a string quartet, and musical selections from the Men’s Glee Club. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, heads of all schools, and other University officials will be invited to the Union reception in the lounge immediately after the WSGA program. Dinner hour will follow, and the University Sing will start at 6:30. Following the sing, two programs will be open for the mothers. They may attend Playshop’s special presentation of “Journey’s
the Purdue Exponent Sntered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mhrch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage pifovided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
Editor _ —
Associate Editors
Editor ..
Associate Editors
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor _ . L. S. Hardin City Editor _ _ — „ _ J), A. Bailey Associate Editors G W. Frederick, K. C, Houston, R. E, Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Temo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—B. Ahlf, R. Beer, B. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Lever, R Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Wlllsey, A.
Yates,
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager Sales Manager „ National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager Art Director _ _ ~ —
M. C. Reeves
E. M. Antonini
_ W. F. Berg V. Daugherty H. W. Nevm W. E Smith
J). J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee
Joy Johnson,
Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
_ R. L. McDonald
_ J. A Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R J. peckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 5088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RBPRKSBNTKD FOR NATIONAL. ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York. N.Y CHicAso Boston Los Ahsblbs - Sar Francisco
I
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All tgpinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincida with jthe official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are vyritten by the editor-in-chirf.
Night Editor—^Yates Issue Editor-—Kennedy Tuesday, May 9, 1939
collegiate
By Joy Johnson CAMPUS CASANOVAS . . . ... or cagey co-eds are always getting it in the neck with criticisms and suggestions from the other sex. This time it’s the men who rate the slams, and this time it’s the women of the University of New Mexico who are handing them out. After the girls formed the “Rehabilitation project on Rapid Romeo Reform,” they listed a few of the points that are detrimental to masculine appeal. Here are a few that apply at any college: 1. Failing to remember that only crude country lads sit in the car and honk the horn instead of coming to the door like a gentleman, when calling for a date. 2. Forever bragging about how he never cracked a book, and how he can polish an apple and still be able to pull down an “A” in the course. 3. Making an effort to impress everyone with the importance of the fact that he and his prof are old pals. 6. Embarrassing a girl b/y getting intoxicated. 4. Insisting on telling a girl of all her faults when she did not ask for the information, 6. Being late for a date. 7. Being rude when a girl, for some reason, refuses a date. Well . . , that’s what the University of New Mexico co-eds think about the eds. Maybe someday someone will compose a list like this to end all lists. We hope.
MEDAL TROUBLE . . . ... the first of its kind, is what is bothering Dartmouth College now. Way back in 1901 a prominent alumnus donated $2,600 to the college
as a fund for prizes each year for original orations by seniors. He stipulated that each winner should get a $100 gold medal, and that three bronze copies of each medal should be sent to his surviving kin and one kept by the college. There’s the story and here’s the trouble. None of the kin can be located, and the storage vaults of the college are not roomy enough to take care of the official documents and all of the medals that have piled up too! —C— MAYBE IT PAYS ., . ... to polish the apple and maybe it doesn’t. . . but in one case it paid the professor. If an apple a day does keep the doctor away, one prof at Southern California Junior College can look forward to at least a month of fine health. Just before a recent exam, he f oimd no less than 31 apples, to say nothing of four bananas, four oranges and a cactus apple. C— TAPS... . . . will be played at the opening of the 1939 Detroit University Turtle Trudge for Gaelohma, one of the fastest racing turtles ever to win a Trudge. Gaelohma was the first co-ed turtle ever to win the Delta Pi Kappa cup, awarded each year to the owner of the fastest turtle on the Titan campus. And what’s more, the game little lady had only three legs, (no one ever knew what happened to the other) and still she managed to out-trudge 60 contestants in last year’s race. Pi Kappa Phi... . , . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, W. E. Catterall; treasurer, H. W. Nevin; secretary, V. D. Haims; historian, G. P. Hussey; chaplain, A. H. Hoppe; warden, P. W. Edwards; bookkeeper, F. M. Merriell.
Barnard College next year will offer special course on the history, economics and arts that characterize a democracy.
Freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior clothing classes will model the clothes which they have made this semester at a style show for mothers on Saturday, May 13, at 10:30 a. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Members of the senior millinery class will also display the hats which they have created during
the semester.
Bolts of draped material furnished by Loeb’s will form a backdrop. Models will enter the stage between the blades of a large pair of pinking shears. An effect of a clothing lab will be given by two dressmaking forms on either side
of the stage.
The following girls have been selected to model: Georgia Lou Pleager, Agnes McCulloch, Marietta Darnell, Phyllis Stephens, Beth Partenheimer, Thelma Jane Cox, Martha Brown, Ruth Gausman, Vivian Petersen, Ellen Boyd, Josinah Allen, Mary Yeager, Mary Ruth Thornburg, Barbara Roderick, Melba Davfdson, Treva Berry, Mary Harris, Mary Mather, Rufina Sexton, Carmen Rivadeniera, Elizabeth Barmes, Helen Tugandis, Joan Edson, Martha Ellis, Martha Norman, and Ella
Lou Sexson.
Betty Hegele is in charge of the show arrangements. Marge Poor will announce and explain the costumes as they are displayed.
“If Madam cares to wait, the salesgirls should be done trying on the new models very shortly!”
Debris Lecture Will
Dr. H. I. Schlesinger Talks Cover Flash PhotOS
On'The Hydrides Of Boron' At AChS Meeting Last Night
End,” or they may be guests of the Student Union at the Mother’s Day mixer. Some mothers may wish to try out the ballroom floor themselves ... others will enjoy watching son or daughter dance for a few minutes. Breakfast in the faculty lounge at 8:30 will open Sunday’s program. A special YWCA service for mothers in Eliza Fowler Hall at 9:30 and services in Lafayette and West Lafayette churches have also been arranged. The day will close with the Gjrmkhana—^Purdue Riding Club show on intramural field at 2:30. ' If you wear a red carnation on Mother’s Day, we hope it will be possible for her to be with you. If you wear a white carnation, we hope you will think of Mother with pride, and set aside the day for special thought of her. —D. G. T.
By Betty Wickard Show: “Dodge City.” Where: Mars Theater. When: May 6-10. Filmdom’s trend toward western pictures has produced another blood and thunder movie, a show which, according to Variety has piled up new box-office records everywhere. Errol Flynn is his usual charming swash-buckling self as Wade Hatton, who turned from the cattle business to the job of sheriff in Dodge City, wide-open mecca of cattledom. Frank McHugh whom have missed from the screen for some time, turns in a sterling performance, as the crusading editor of the Dodge City newspaper who paid for his daring and honesty with his life. Olivia DeHaviland is sweet and appealing as his assistant. Ann Sheridan is eye-filling as the leading dancer of the Gay Lady Cafe. This cafe, by the way, is the scene of the grandest free-for-all fight ever seen in pictures. The gun-battle at the end of the picture, however, is a little hard to swallow. Errol Flynn crouches on a fast moving train with his trusty gun in one hand and Olivia in the other. About six of the villain’s crew are attempting to escape on horesback. Flynn picks them off one by one, as they ride along beside him. The question is —^why don’t those bad men either shoot back, (we know they have guns), or ride away?
Speaking before approximately 75 students and faculty members H. I. Schlesinger, professor of chemistry at the University of Chicago, discussed the “Hydrides of Boron” at a meeting of American Chemical Society last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. Schlesinger showed slides describing the compounds of boron and the apparatus needed to produce them. His talk discussed the structural problems of boron, the causes of the existence of the hydrides, and the unusual compounds coming from boron. Phi Mu Alumnae Will Present Style Show “Pride and Prejudice” will be read by Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech department, at a play revue and style show given by the alumnae of the Phi Mu sorority in the faculty lounge of the Union, Wednesday, May 10, at 7:30 p. m. The play was written by Jane Austen and adapted by Helen Jerome. A style show, given by The Fashion will constitute the rest of the program. Tickets may be purchased for 25 cents from the alumnae of Phi Mu sorority or they may be obtained at the door. Mrs. R. B. Stewart is chairman of the committee.
Indoor photoflood work and flash bulb news pictures will be the topics covered at the third of a series of Debris photography instruction meetings to be held tonight at 7:30 in room F of the Union. These meetings are sponsored by the Camera
Club.
Demonstrations of proper techniques will be given by Don Wray and Bob Dyer of the Debris photography staff. Also, a short business meeting to make final plans for the spring exhibit and the picnic scheduled for May 20 will be held.
WBAA
»THB VOICK OP PURDUK"
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:16—Social Security. 11:35—The Home Makers. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—“Meet Your Voice.” 12:15—Russ, Bob, and Dick — strumental trio.
12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Worldwide Celebration opening of hospital in Palestine. 1:16—^Electrical Shops. 1:30—Scientific Mass Review. 1:46—Gertrude Stillabower, violinist. 2:00—D. A. R. Program. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:46—^Treasure Chest. 3:16—Darlene Mahns, soprano. 3:30—^Your Radio Correspondent. 3:46—Martha Whitehead, soprano. 4:00—Baseball Game.
Texas Christian University this year won all of its football games and lost all of its basketball games.
Cornell University scientists have discovered the special enzyroe that makes race horses run fast.
TODAY—TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS He’s a circus himself -and she’s a little lion tamer who’ll steal your heart!
— PLUS — THE LADY VANISHES — with—. PAUL LUKUAS MARGARET LOCKWOOD
ARC
TODAY-TOMORROW
— and — "COME ON TARZAN" with KEN MAYNARD — also — 'FLAMING FRONTIER' SERIAL
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
"Practically Perfect!” '—says Time Magazine
LUMA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
MNET
GMiOR OOU6US FAIEMKSfJR. PMim &mm
IN
THE YOUNG IN HEOBT
WITH
ROLAND (TOPPER) YOUNG BILLIE BURKE
-Plus-
ADORED BY EVERY MAN... ENVIED BY EVERY WOMAN!
K
^i- » h.I
Tue^pty# 1939
THE FUBDUE
ESqPONENT
Boilermakers Entertain Butler Today On Home Diamond
Ward Athletes Will Run Off Track Meet Cary Hall North will be the defending champions in the Ward track meet which will be run off tomorrow afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium at four o’clock. Verink, who won four firsts in last year’s meet, will not be running for the Hall team this year. Members of the winning team are to receive medals as will any other participants who score five points for their ward. Five points will be given for first place, three for second, two for third, and one point for fourth place.
Athletic Honorary Hdds Tryout Today Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, will be held at four o’clock today and Thmrsday in the Ross-Ade Stadium, according to M. A. Kellep, intramural manager.
Events to be run in the meet include the 100 and 220-yard dashes, the high and low hurdle races, the quarter, half-mile, and mile races, and the half-mile relay. There will be four field events: the high jump, broadjump, pole vault, and the shot put. Ward managers are to hand in their list of entries in the various events at the Intramural office today.
DePauw Tennis Matches 5*™ T®®™s
Postponed Until Monday
Friday and Satimday, the squad will be playing in Champaign, 111., in a quadrangular meet. The other teams will be Indiana, Ohio State, and the host, Illinois. The squad has only been in Big Ten competition twice this season, winning easily over Iowa but losing to a powerful Northwestern team a week ago. The team showed up well in defeating Armour Tech Saturday,and should be in good shape for the tough competition which they will undoubtedly encounter neict weekend.
^yUitL cXoue to lotLt
The gift superb to thrill your favorite girl—jewelry. She deserves to hove her share of the luxuries of life; if you get her one of our brooches, necklaces, or watches, you'll be fulfilling her secret desire. You can get a beautiful gift of jewelery as low as $1.00.
GERRY MOHLMAN
434 MAIN ST. IN SOUTHWORTH’S
LAFAYETTE WEST LAFAYETTE
Tough Schedules Ahead For Riveter Squads This Week Victorious in seven of eight intercollegiate contests in four different fields over the week-end, Purdue’s spring athletic schedule will be in full swing again this week with meets in baseball, golf, and track on the Boilermaker sports cards. The schedule for the remainder of the coming week follows: Baseball Today—Butler, here. Friday—At Ohio State. Saturday—At Ohio State. Golf Friday—Butler, here. Tennis Friday and Saturday—Ohio State, Indiana, and Illinois at Champaign, 111. ‘Track Friday—Cotton Carnival at Memphis, Tenn.
Compete Tonight In Annual Triton Meet
WAA News
Justin Cline, representative of the National Youth Council, will speak at a meeting sponsored by WAA in the faculty lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. Friday, May 12. All faculty members and students are invited to attend.
Sale of Formats
MODELS’ SAMPLES ONE OF A KIND Savings Up To One Third
A fortunate special purchase enables us to offer these original One-of-A-Kind-Show Room and Models’ samples at greatly reduced prices. Many are adaptions of originals by Lelong, Balencioga and Schiaparelli. • CHIFFONS • MARQUISETTES • EMBROIDERED ORGANDIES TNETS •XACES • PIQUES • DOTTED SWISS • PASTEL CREPES
9 Formals originally $14.95 and $16.95 no\y $12.90 15 Formals originally $16.95 and $19.95 now $14.90 18 Formals originally $22.50 and $25.00 now $18.90 9 Formals originally $29.50 and $35.00 now $24.90 6 Formals originally $35.00 and $39.50 now $28.90 2 Formals originally $49.50 now $38.90
Jmm. LOCB &HCNC COMPANY
Sorority and ward swimming teams will match their skill tonight in the annual co-ed intramural swim meet beginning at 7:46 in the Women’s Gymnasium. The meet, sponsored by Triton Club, is open to the public. A special feature introduced just this year is a 20-yard flutterboard race. Other events in the meet include a 100 yard free style, 20 yard breast stroke, and an obstacle race. Entries for the meet must have two preliminary practices before they compete tonight. Only three members of each team will be allowed to compete in one event. Judges of the meet will be Miss Marjorie Case, Miss Ray Frazer, Miss Marion Russell, members of the physical education staff, and Mrs. Wolever, swimming instructor. Betty Spears, Triton Club president, is in charge of arrangements for the meet.
Emmert Paces — (Continued from page 1) play. Emmert, who had reached first base three times before on two walks and a single, accounted for two more runs in the ninth by tripling with Thompson and Smithson on base. With two men out in the Wabash half of the ninth Hanscon singled over second base, stole second, and was permitted to reach third without a play on him, and came in when Fisher allowed the ball to get away from him on Emmert’s next pitch. Paul Emmert, brother of the Boilermaker hurler, was unsuccessful in his two official times at bat against Johnny, striking out and lining to left. He walked in his last two times to the plate. Score by innings: Purdue 200 100 402—9 8 2 Wabash 000 010 101—3 4 2
Dick Wargo Faces Bulldogs On Slab; Tilt Starts At Four The Boilermaker baseball contingent will entertain the Butler Bulldogs on the RossAde recreational diamond this afternoon at four o’clock as a mid-week breather between Big Ten games. The league leading Boilermakers traveled to Crawfordsville yesterday afternoon and trounced the Wabash crew by a score of 9-3 in another non-league game. The game with Butler this afternoon will be the second of four in six days for the Western Conference pace-set-ters as they will travel to Columbus^ 0., Friday where they will engage the Ohio State Buckeyes in a two game series. The game is scheduled to start at 4 o’clock with Dick Wargo on the mound. Other positions will be held down by the regular squad with Arnold Bredewater behind the plate, Smithson at first, Heame at second, Mackiewicz at third, Captain Thompson at shortstop; Yeager right field, Dickinson center field, and Stamm left field. The record for the Boilermaker baseball squad up to date follows: Won Lost Tied Southern trip — 2 12 Big Ten 4 10 Non-Conference 2 10 Total 8 3 3 Remainder of the Boilermaker schedule: May 12-13—^At Ohio State. May 16—Notre Dame here. May 19-20—^At Illinois. May 22—^Wabash here. May 23—At Butler. May 26-27—Michigan here.
Syracuse College has a special graduate course for the training of future deans of women.
A Fenn College student is planning the construction of the world’s longest pendulum. It will be 211 feet long.
BELL & HOWELL FILMO 8 MOVIE EQUIPMENT Cameras $49.50 and Up Buy on Our Easy Payment Plan
Hineas
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops
WALNUT ROOM
BLUE BLAZER
COCKTAIL LOUNGE . CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat. CITY NEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
4
It ^4"-isx-
SUhdoL Odbu
THE PDIIDUE EXPONENT
TloJtixjLiL,
Tuesday# May 9« 1939
n ■
'Purdue Pharmacist' Elects J. E. Orr Editor-In-Chief
At a meeting last night, the present heads of the Purdue Pharmacist elected four juniors to guide the publicatibn next year. Those elected wei’e J. E. Orr, Edi-tor-in-chief; S. D. Weldy, Business Manager; H. E. Eberhard, Circulation Manager; Henry Bikin, Advertising Manager. Retiring officers are Ruth Glunt, Editor-in-chief; C. C. Clifton, Business Manager; W. S. Giles, Circulation Manager; and M. W. McKinney, Advertising Manager.
Intramural Schedule
TENNIS Today 4:15 p. m. Doubles Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Tau Delta. Singles Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Xi. Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS 4 ;15 p. m. Croxall vs. Phi Miller. Waddington vs. Venable. F. D. Martin vs. Fred Richards.
BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Ward 14 vs. Ward 11. 2— Ward 7 vs. Ward 32. 3— Ward 6X vs. Ward 12A. 4— Ward 8 vs. Ward 7X. i 5— Ward IX vs. Ward 3. 6— Ward lOX vs. Ward 1. 7— Ward 12 vs. Ward 13. 8— Ward 2A vs. Ward 10. 9— Ward 6 vs. Ward 2. 10—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
HORSESHOE DOUBLES
Today
Finals
4:15—Fieldhouse Courts Alpha Gamma Rho No. 2 Phi Kappa Sigma Sigma Pi Phi Sigma Kappa Tau Kappa Epsilon Theta Xi Sigma Nu Theta Tau Alpha Gamma Rho No’. 1 Sigma Alpha Epsilon
MISCELLANEOUS
ROOMS FOR RENT
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Envelope with four diving photographs—Purdue-Indiana game ] Return to west desk Union Building.
Notices
«>
University Orchestra: No rehearsal tonight. —PHILLIPS.
^11 the Aj&W
FCOWERJ JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
IIX MAIN tT.
FHONI 2m
SAE Members: Those members of the recent inspection’ trip visiting the Perfect Cii> cle Co. should call for their copy of “How to Double the Life of Your Car,” now available in Professor Jacklin’s office. —HERR.
Purdue Flying and Glider Clubs: Joint meeting in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, May 11. All dance tickets must be accounted for. No one is excused from this meeting. —CHEVEDDEN.
p. m. Tuesday, May 9. Ask af the desk for the room number. " —BUNNELL.
Presbyterian Women: Supper meeting and election of officers Tuesday, May 9, at 6:30 p. m. Mrs. Gustavel will speak. —BEEBE.
Glee Club: Compulsory rehearsal Tuesday, Ma^ 9, at 4 p. m. in Eliza FoWler Hall. —WORCESTER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, May 12, at 7:30. p. m. in room C of the Union Building. Election of officers for next year. —AYASUN.
Martha Norman, Ella Lou Sexson. Rehearsals will be Wednesday, May 10, at 4 ,p. m., Thursday, May 11, at 4 p. m., and Friday, May 12, at 7 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. —HEGELE.
intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the FieldhouSe. (B-20) —MIDDLETON.
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting tonight at 4:00 p. m. in ' the Pi Tau Sigma room of the M. E. building. —HARVEY.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday May 10, at 7:30 p. m. in Old Chestnut room. All members please be present. McCAMMON.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation and election of officers Tuesday, May 9, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —LANG WORTHY.
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and
Co-ed S'wimming Meet: Practice Friday at 4 p. m.: Saturday at 11 a. m.; Tuesday at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —SPEARS.
SAE Members: All members planning to go on the SAB picnic May 17 consult SAE bulletin board in auto lab. immediately. -HERR.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Pay initiation fee to Tom Petty at the Delta Tau Delta house Wednesday, May 10, anytime after 6 :30 p. m. —HALL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, May 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Fraternity Presidents and House Managers: Meeting in room F of the Union Wednesday, May 10, at 7:15 p. m. Full attendance is necessary. Come prepared to give a definite answer on the cooperative buying plan. —DEAN.
Gold Pepper’s: No meeting Tuesday, May 9, because of sorority song practices. —COOLEY.
Debris Staff: Entire staff meet in Debris office at four o’clock Tuesday for picnic. (5-9) —BRO’WN.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F, Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning. Phone 4802. Taylor.
NICE, well ventilated rooms. 1% blocks from campus. Automatic water Heater. Innerspring mattresses. Call 2847.
ONE SINGLE room. Hot running water. Phone 75364. 167 Pierce St.
REDUCED summer rates. Shower, single beds,, large rooms. Across from Union. 146 N. Grant St.
Alpha Zeta: Elections postponed until further notice. (6-10) —STONAKER.
Student Senate: Special meeting Tuesday, May 9, at 7:30 p. m. in the conference room of the Executive Building for the election of officers. —ELLIOTT.
Activities Bureau Workers, Old and New: Meeting to plan’ outing will be heldXin room B of the Union on Wednesday, May JO, at 6 p. m. Everyone please attend. —LUTZ, APPLEGATE.
All Girls Interested in Co-ops: All girls interested in starting a new cooperative house next fall meet in the Union at 7:30
May Day Style Show Models: The following girls have been selected for the May Day Style Show: Georgia Lou Fleager, Agnes McCulloch, Marietta Darnell, Phyllis Stephen, Beth Partenheimer, Thelma Jane Cox, Martha Brown, Ruth Gausman, Vi'vian Petersen, Ellen Boyd, Josinah Allen, Mary Yeager, Mary Ruth Thornburg, Barbara Roderich, Melba Davidson, Treva Berry, Mary Harris, Mary Mather, Rufina Sexton, Carmen Ricadeniera, Elizabeth Barmes, Helen' Tugandis, Joan Edson, Martha Ellis,
KITCHEN
EQUIPMENT
DINING ROOM
FURNITURE
BUY THEM AT
GILLESPIE'S
221 COLUMBIA
ST.
PHONE 6405
Purdue Agriculturist: There will be a' meeting of all the old and new staff members in room 118, Agricultural Hall, Wednesday, May 10, at 8:00 p. m. ' —BURBRINK.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, May 10, in the WSGA office at 7:45 p. m. —SICKMAN.
Ag and Chick Show Committee Workers: Work in the Poultry Building at 7 a. m. Wednesday, May 10. —JENKINS.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation and election of officers Tuesday, May 9, at 7 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the 'Union. —LANGWORTHY.
WAA Baseball: Games Tuesday, May 9, at 4 p. m.: Wards 2 and 4 vs. Wards 1 and 3 ; Alpha Xi’s vs. Residence Hall. —COOK.
Activities Bureau Workers: All workers report to the Atcivities Bureau, room B of the Union at 4 p. m, Tuesday, May 9. Important assignments will be made. —MOORE.
Camera Club: Meeting 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, May 9, in room F of the Union. Debris will give a demonstration on photoflash work. Also there will be a short important bMiness meeting to make plans for the picnic. —HEDDEN.
Prom Ticket Holders: Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs in at the cashier’s office immediately. (5-16) —BURNS.
Military Band: All band members report to the armory at 11 a. m. Tuesday, May 9, without uniform. ■ —REICHELDERPER.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office Tuesday, May 9, at 4 p. m.: Hussey, Crockford, Newman, Worthington. —GALE.
Play Shop: All members of the stage group meet in the sub-basement of the Union at 4 p. m- Tuesday, May 9. Important. —LINDSEY.
May Queen and Court: Bring dresses to WSGA office Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m. Compulsory Attendance. / —BERRY.
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated/exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices.
CROWN UUNDRY
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everythlno for a College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11916 Vine West Lafeyetta Phone 4965
• jewelers
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Printing
• Locksmith
S?5!S|>RINTING ■■^^Oence stationery . „ O 1 Wedding Invitations n Sales Books, Etc... . CASSEL’S «.F«i<y
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door loeks, desk locks, rdofit fattcties and padhaofca. Auto keys a spedafty. Blc^aa, accessories and repairms. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 28M
a Shoe Repair
iOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
DOUBLE ROOMS for six students.’ Low summer rates. Hot running water. Mrs. E. L. Sprankle. 328 N. Salisbury.
FOR RENT—Three room furnished apartment. Electric refrigeration. Continuous hot water. Phone 76413.
FOR RENT—Two rooms, single beds, one room, double bed, boys, new house, airconditioned, continuoim hot water, shower, summer rates. 201 East Liitz, phone 2413.
Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee: Turn in tickets in the Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, May 9.
—KOLB.
Glider Club: Meeting in the Union Wednesday, 'May 10, at 7:30. Final preparations for dance to be discussed. —BUELL.
Xi Sigma Pi: Meeting for election of officers tonight at 7:30 in room A of the Union. All members are urged to be present. ' —EOMEISER.
Y^orothy Quackenbushy with her smile and her Chesterfields, keeps smokers happy
from coast to coast.
Chesterfield’s happy combina-
^ ^ tion of the world’s best tobaccos
MISS DOROTHY QUACKENBUSH {Miss American Aviation 1938-1939) like all charming T. W. A. hostesses, is at your service clear across the country.
Copyri^ 1939. iKGvrr & Mnts Tobaooo Cou
gives smokers just what they want in a cigarette. . . refreshing mildness, better taste, more pleasing aroma. When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure...why THEY SATISFY
11 iil
V
» IM
f i;