' 's-'-'i'-'y yiyg
sv
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MAY 25, 1937
NUMBEK tm
Stunt Flyers Perform At Legion-Airport Show
Approximately 6,000 to 8,000 eyes looked skyward Sunday afternoon as isome of the country’s outstanding stunt flyers performed at the annual American Legion-Purdue Airport show. , , , One of the outstanding features of the meet was the bat-
wing jump by Earl Stein from
Awards Made To Forencists At Ban(|uet
Special merit award winners in radio, dramatics, and debate were announced at the annual Stage, Stump, and- Studio recognition banquet held Thursday evening. The winners in radio are: announcers, R. E. Heine, H. L. Miller, S. M. Marks, G. E. Merriam, Alice Parlon; staff members, A. A. Radkey; studio operators, H. E. Lawrenz, C. A. Shank; studio actors, J. Allen, Sarah Gershuny, and Shirley Yonover. The winners in dramaticsi are: actors, B. H. Burns, F. C. Ahrens, I. G. Luthi, Loretta Van Rie, L. G. Juillard; production, Alberta Thelen; [greatest contribution during 4 years of service, Cary Vaughan Ruth Grimm. The winners in debate are: R. F. Royster, C. R. Petticrew, Elizabeth Maier, R. M. Sasser, M. M. Karnowsky, Mary Wien, Virginia Sidwell, C. Magnussen; outstanding work as student-manager of the 1936 high school debate conference, Ruth Grimm.
ASCE Elects Officers
American Society of Civil Engineers, honorary civil engineering fraternity elected the following men as officers for the following year: president, G. D. Rose; vice-presi-dent, Lee Rieth; secretary, F. C. Ahrens; treasurer, F. C. Moses.
an altitude of approximately 8,000 feet. After falling from the plane he first opened his right wing and then his left. He finally opened his parachute after falling part of the way down in
the bat wings.
Shortly before the bat wing jump, Mike Murphy, of Kokomo, successfully launched a light aeroplane from the top of an automobile that was racing down the runway at a speed of 60 miles per hour. Murphy went through a series of stunts in the plane after taking off from the automobile and made an apparent attempt to land on top of the car which was unsuccessful. Other featimes of the show included skywriting, speed dashes by Lieut. Middleton, a three ship dogfight, and a delayed parachute jump by Earl Stein. A reception committee headed by David E. Ross greeted the stunt flyers, while the American Legion provided the flyers with a luncheon at noon.
Orchesis Dance Club To Present Program
Orchesis, co-ed national dancing club, -will give a program of original dance Wednesday evening, at 8 o’clock, in the Women’s Gymnasium. Fifty freshman arid sophomore women in the advanced natural dancing clashes will darice. The program will, be open to the public. Miss Helen Ellis, dance instructor, announced.
Scrivener Initiates 21; Ex-Pledges Entertain Members After Dinner
Formal initiation ceremonies were held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building for 21 Scrivener pledges Sunday afternoon. Following the ritual, the new and old members adjourned to Wheeler’s banquet room for the annual initiajtibn dinner and celebration. “Morphine Myopia” and “The Erotic Characteristics Of The Hottentots” were among the manuscriptp written and read by the expledges, who gave the entire program. Recognize “Dagwood” Special recognition was given to “Dagwood” Whitcomb, the club’s' poet, who won the David Ross poetry crip and half the George Ade Cup for the best short play submitted in the University literary contest.^
A. A. Radkey, club president, was toastmaster for the dinner.' * Final adjournment was made to Culture Hall, where “Dagwood” was host for music and dancing. Initiates Initiates are: Elizabeth Abel, Florence Beilke, J. W. Buck, W. Billings, E. Carr, Mary Caroline Davis, Ruth Ezra, Jeanne Horwitz, R. Jenkins, Alice Martens, R. J. McCaffrey, Janette Morris, R. F. Munro, J. E. Nitsche, D, Paarlberg, A. R. Peirce, A. Shevchik, R. Squires, Helen Steffee, Mariana Wilson, Joan Wimborough. T. M. Dakin, Patricia Heine, and S. Knotts will be initiated at a later date.
Brewer Wins First
Honors In AIEE
Technical Contest
Winners have been announced in the recent AIEE technical paper contest. S. T. Brewer placed first to win $6, K. B. McEachron was second and received $3, and J. C. Newman was thirc( with $1. The contestants were required to write arid present technical papers. At a tri-school meet of the AIEE organizations of Purdue, Rose Poly, and Illinois, held last week at Terre Haute, the winners read" their papers. These three papers are now being judged in the regional contest at Milwaukee. A prize of $25 will go to the winner of this division, to be announced later.
Reamers Elect
Ross, Wallace
Malcolm M. Ross, junior mechanical engineering student, was elected president of the Reamer Club, honorary for supporting University athletics and upholding campus traditions, last night at the last regular meeting of the organization for the semester. C. A. Wallace, M. E. ’38, was elected vice president; R. M. Captain, P. E. ’38, secretary, and J. E. Goory, M. E. ’38, treasurer. Ross is a member of the Purdue Independent Association and a ward manager in the Intramural athletic department. Loran Buxton, retiring president, was presented with a “P” blanket by Ross, on behalf of the Reamer Club, for his services to the organization.
Co-ed Boards
To Give Dinner
Old and new governing boards of the W. A. A.; the W. S. G. A., and the Y. W. C. A. will attend a Triad banquet in the reepetion room of the Memorial Union Building on Wednesday, at 6:15 p. m. The dinner is being given to promote good feeling, cooperation, and friendship among the groups and their officers, Sara Alice McIntosh stated yesterday. Margaret Jones, W. A. A., Sara Alice McIntosh, Y. W. C. A., and Betty Jo Sexton, W. S. G; A., compose the emnmittee for arrangements. Tickets, priced at 65 cents each, can be obtained from the Union desk.
Scabbard And Blade
Members of Scabbard and Blade and the military staff members held a picnic in honor of the graduating seniors Saturday at 5 p. m. at Barton’s Beach. Since the scheduled game was rained out, the picnickers spent the afternoon at other games.
Gaylbrd Leaves For Inspection Trip
F. C. Gaylord, University horticultural specialist, left for a week’s inspection trip to learn more about how Indiana grown peonies are being marketed. At presept Indiana producers are shipping about four cars of peonies to eastern markets daily, according to Gaylord, and by the close of the week, he estimated that the Evansville section will have sent approximately 50^ars. Among the places that Gaylord will visit are Chicago, Philadelphia, New York City, and Boston.
E. Green Wins
Top Honors In Stock Contest
Only one point separated the winners in the annual freshman livestock judging contest, held here last Saturday in the Livestock Pavilion. E. K. Green, of Cromwell, scored 522 points out of a possible 600 to barely nose out U. L. McConnell, Solsberry, who finished with 521 points. Third place was taken by M. L. Dice, Veedersburg, who accumulated 519 points. The contestants, all freshmen in the school of agriculture, who have had at least two semesters of animal husbandry, judged two classes of four animals each of hogs, sheep, horses, and beef cattle. Oral reasons, explaining the placings, were required on one class of each kind cf stock. High men for each of the above kinds of livestock were L. L. Wells, Darlington, on hog judging; H. Kester, Cory, on-sheep; L. A. Johnson, Millington, on the horses; and V. T. flitchcock, on the cattle class. Present Special Medal ' By virtue of his having won first. Green was presented with a special medal of recognition by Dean J. H. Skinner. The animal husbandry department presented McConnell with a medal for being runner-up. The ten high men in this year’s contest are: E. K. Green, U. L. McConnell, M. L. Dice, T. J. Marvel, G. E. Sears, J. A. Pickard, H. Kester, L. A. Johnson, G. Seybold, and K. L. Ramsay.
Pi Kappa Alpha
Pi Kappa Alpha, social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: C. H^ Bliff, Farmville, Va.; R. D. Decker, Chicago, 111.; V. Farrow, Shelbyville; and J. G. Lucek, Cleveland, O.
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Any student who plans definitely to change in September from one school or curriculumto another is advised to file his application before the end of ■ the present year. Blanks at the Registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE,
WhiteTalksAtBanquet TTl TT * M IW/'* r or Literary Winners
“One danger threatens the orderly development of mankind, and that danger is repression,” stated William Allen White, famed editor of the Emporia, Kan., Gazette, in his address before the annual literary banquet Saturday night in the Memorial/Union ballroom. The speaker was introduced by Presi-
dent C.
Elliott to the 300 persons present.
the presentation of awards in the literary contest, Robert Whitcomb, senior in electrical engineering, and A. A. Radkey, junior science student, received joint possession of the George Ade Cup. President Elliott, acting in the absence of the donor, presented the cup, which is annually awarded to-.the student author of the best one-act play. Whitcomb also won the David E. Ross cup for the prize entry in
the poetry contest.
First prize of $65 in the W. H. Winterrowd contest for the best collection of books was won by W. H. Stevens, senior science student, and the second prize of $55 was won by Lome J. Doud, senior agriculture student. Miss Marion Winterrowd, senior in home economics, made the presentations in the absence of her father, a graduate in the class of 1907 and originator of the contest. Stevens also wrote the best science essay to win $10 offered by Dean
Enders.
Arlen D. Brown, sophomore agriculture student, won the $15 prize offered by F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, and R. B.' Stewart, University controller, for the best historical article. W. J. Howes, Jr., sophomore physical education student, wrote the best familiar essay to win the $10 offered by the English department. Honorable Mention Honorable mention in the short story contest went to Dick Latter, Chicago, 111.; William Billings, Chalmers; Sa.m J. Martinez, Indianap^ olis; Donald Paarlberg, Crown Point; Robert Whitcomb, Butlerville; and Jary Cleveland, Lafayette.
ROTC Rated Excellent By U.S. War Dept
War Department officials notified the University military department yesterday that the ROTC corps had again won its “excellent” rating for the year. President E. C. Elliott received a telegram from Major General Cole, commander of the Fifth Corps Area, United States Army, Fort Hayes, Columbus, O., announcing the award. Lieut. Col. Carlos Brewer, resigning commander of the corps, stated that the inspecting officers found improvement in every division of the unit. Major General Cole congratulated the department on its excellent showing during the inspection. May 13 and 14. The rating of “excellent” is the highest givfen to ROTC units.
Ags Offered Short Courses
Courses in genjitics and feeding will be offered by the University school of agriculture at the coming summer session. The application of genetics to livestock improvement will be taught, with emphasis on breeding, crossbreeding, and inbreeding to develop superior, strains. “Feeds And Feeding,” a course in the composition of feeds and their use for all kinds of stock, will be offered to students interested in ariinaal husbandry.
Sophomores Revive Tank Tradition With Purloined Ladder—Yellow Paint
By J. C. Woodson, Jr.
Under the protective cover of dusk three shadowy forms cautiously explored the mammoth structure before them. Nothing moved—^the Fieldhouse was deserted. The three moved forward as one, searching the ground, obviously looking for something. They fmmd it—a 12foot ladder. Dragging it behind them the mysterious trio retreated noiselessly to tbeir waiting automobile and sped away into the night, heading east, destination unknown. It was later and darker. The car glided to a halt on a lonely country road, near the junction of Route 162 and the Grant street extension. Nearby, marble and granite slabs gleamed in the moonlight.
Parking thq car in the looming shadow of a huge, cylindrical bulk —^the famed “Tank,” the three shadowy figures unlimbered their ladder, and approached the water tower. One of the trio, a sophomore electrical student, W. G. Vansant, put the ladder against the tank. Another, W. B. Landon, sophomore mechanical, produced a bucket of gold paint and a brush. The third, L. E. Troutman, also a mechanical engineering sophomore, ascended the ladder. Then the moon set, and darkness descended. Soon the wondering Saturday dawn burst full upon two five foot numerals and one apostrophe^’39! Freshmen—^little men, what now ?
University Plans Policy And Technology Institute June 21 - July 10
Trustee
PAVID £. ROSS ,
Industrialist
HA. Hanley
Four Men Pictured At Side Are Among List Of Speakers; Meetings To Be In Eliza Fowler Hall
Economist
“As a part of the annual summer session, Puydue University will hold from June 21 to July 10 an Institute on American Policy and Tech-
nology.. This institute will be devoted to lectures, discussions, and
conferences on American policies and the effect of technological and related forces on these policies. This year emphasis will be placed upon economic and human geography, climatology, and kindred subjects;” Elliott Describes Institute Edward C. Elliott, University president, summed up the plan and purpose of the Institute in the above paragraph which appeared in the May issue of the Purdue News, the monthly publication of the University. The four men whose pictures appear on this page, as well as many others, will be among the
speakers to take part on the program. Prominent Speakers Among the prominent speakers taking part in the progr^ not including those shown h^e, are: Indiana Governor M. Clifford Townsend; Dr. 0. E. Baker, of the U. S. Dept, of Agriculture; Col. Frederick Devereux, industrialist; Amelia Earhart, famous aviatrix; Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, University staff member, Owen D. Young, chairman of the board of directors of the General Electric Company; and Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, educator and author, on the staff of Columbia University.
Nearly all the meetings and sessions of the Institute will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall. Each day is divided into two or three meetings, one starting at 9 in the morning, another at 2 in the afternoon, and the third at 7:30 in the evening.
J>e.U.A.£STj£y
institute Head
.. .i n
. ,hi ' ’' ‘if]
, tM
i/V-ahIt Xk.' r, W. ^ >«
r'T'i ■ >f;
'%’ j[).y rff. I * ,
Twd
THE PDRbUE. EXPONENT
tlPte ^ariut exponent funded in ISM I mmwacNTKa ron nationai. AOvcRTiaiNa mr National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUttr Pmblftktrs R»^r*»n$toHv* 400 Madison Ave, New York, n. Y. CHICAOO > BOSTON • BAN FRANCISCO Los ANOEUtS • l>OirrLAND • SEATTLE MCMSeR ^sociated gbllcgiatt
Bntared as second class matter at the post oiiice, Lafayette. Indiana. Delivered by ■»*». |»J<> Ear year; delivered by carrier. $2.S0 pgrjgarj sold^a Bingle copy, 2 cents.
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
TuEsday, May 26> 1937
Business Phone BOSS
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
fiJditor-in-Chief ManaecinK Editor.. Associate Editors...
iBold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF
K. P. Manton !. J. B. Brock D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder,
H. I. Stanback, D. B. Vance
Beth McCool
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager D. C. Miller Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager .W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager B. B. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R* Obenchain Associate Editor^...... - J- S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Elditor — Associate £!ditors..
WOMEN’S STAFF
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—Don Paarlberg
Let’s Skip
Hydraulics, C. E. 41, is a well desired course. The student is allowed to put as much time on it as he cares to. Those to whom the subject comes easily may put in a relatively^ small quantity of time in the classroom and spend the rest of their assigned time working on some other course or relaxing. Those to whom the subject comes with more difficulty may spend every assigned hour in class, the better to learn the material. Better than average students are not handicapped by those of less than average ability, and the latter are not neglected in an attempt to keep the former busy. These ideal conditions are brought about merely by complete exercise of the University optional attendance ruling. Attendance at tests is also optional, the only period at which attendance is absolutely compulsory being the final examination. It is, therefore, conceivable that a student might sign up for Hydraulics, skip all his classes except the final, and emerge with a perfect record. The final examinatioij is designed to count 50 per cent of the final grade, with all the tests and dailies supplying the other 50 per cent. If a person skips a test or a daily, the value assigned to the test or the daily is added to that assigned to the final, so in the hypothetical case discussed above, the final examination grade would count its own 50 per cent and the 50 per cent for the other quizzes, making a total of 100 per
cent in all.
While the hypothetical case is a possibility, it is not a probability. Students attend the classroom periods fairly regularly in order to take advantage of the personal instruction given. Few persons skip tests. Dailies are welcomed as a means of raising other grades. The course in practice is not much different from others. j But, the student is not chained to the classroom. The effects of a busy week and the press of circumstances on a test can be avoided by avoiding the test. The student gets out of the course what he puts into it. And that is as it should be.
Give Coach Martin A Chance For the four years that I have been here at Purdue, we have had just mediocre track teams—some years they have been lousy. We never won a meet except with Butler or DePauw —small-time schools in comparison with those in the Big Ten. All Big Ten competition was too stiff, but Purdue would race them to lose by lop-sided margins. Half the time, one or two of our best men would be unable to run because of sore muscles—sore because of running in extreme cold weather, or from the hard, non-resilient, highbanked track in the balcony of the gym. We would run hard to keep up with those more fortunate boys from other schools who had field houses, with fairly good tracks as a whole, in which to train under the same conditions no matter what the weather outside would be. These fellows would have the experienced coaching and training to better their stride, their sprint, their wind, and what have you. But Purdue always managed to get at least a point. Now, with the field house coming along, it is known that Orval Martin, one of Purdue’s greatest track stars and present coach, will be released at the end of this season to make room for another coach who has had the opportunity to gain the practical experience needed for such a job by the use of a field house in which to train the material the school WENT OUT for. Martin has struggled with the team for four years, always trying to better the team by gaining experience in teaching, and showing, and telling the boys what to do. Where football has been subsidized to almost the limit of available jobs, Orval resorted to the problem of getting his own men—^ what he could under the circumstances—^and providing them with the jobs left over. Because these poor conditions do not attract good high school track men throughout the state and middle west, Purdue loses men to its main competition. It is a little known fact that Don Lash, the great miler and two-miler pf Indiana fame, wanted to come to Purdue in ’33— that he tried to get help here because he needed it; he wanted to take engineering, but Indiana offered him better living conditions and help, so he went to Indiana. It is a good thing, because he wouldn’t be what he is today in track. Then there was Ray Ellinwood who, last year, broke the world’s indoor record for the 440-yard dash. Purdue couldn’t hold him because he couldn’t run in the right conditions—and Chicago has a good field house. Then, you students wonder why we haven’t any track team to speak of. Regardless of what the alumni are crying for, as Kizer puts it, I believe that it would be fittting, in all fairness to Martin, to give him another year to show improvement in his teams through the use of the field house and the COOPERATION of the alumni and coaching staff in getting men here to run for him. He would put out a good team—not a championship In one year—but that could be reckoned with in the future. —J. F. SOLES.
64 Take put Petitions For Senate Jobs Sixty-four students already have obtained petition blanks for Student Senate nominations, according to an announcement made last night by the Senate committee. All such peti tions must be submitted by Thurs day at 5 p. m. Eligibility requirements for Sen ate elections are: scholastic indexes must be above 3.5 for the entire University career of the candidate including the present semester, and each candidate must submit a peti tion signed by 20 per cent of the students enrolled in his class. Peti tions may be obtained at the Senate office from 3 till 5 o’clock each aft
ernoon.
Ag Petitioners From the agriculture school the following juniors have obtained petitions: R. B. Davis and J. S. McWilliams. Sophomores include C. G. Elliott and P, L. Dela Croix, while agriculture freshmen are J. 0. Mills J. L. Hackleman, and Gordon Sears Prom the chemical engineering school only one junior has entered the race—J, L. Taylor. Sophomores include J. H. Jacobi, E. H. Duval, L. E. Armstrong, and C. J. Petry, W. E. Catterall, J. A. Richardson, T. E. Dann, and H. F, Fishburn are on the freshman chemical list. Civil School One sophomore, M. D. Stepath, fro mthe civil engineering school, asked for a blank, while no juniors have yet shown their desire to enter. Four freshmen, however will enter. They are: R. L. Lippman, R. Reiley, G. W. Reid, and R. P. Mc-
Connell.
The mechanical engineering school has thus far been best represented. From the junior class D. D. Baals will petition, while the sophomore class contains R. M. Sasser, L. E. Troutman, Art Bodeau, Steve Gutting, William Smith, D. W. Clugston, R. C. Zimmer, F. J. Ogle, W. A. Reed, Andrew Place, and W. D. Yoeman. Four freshmen will petition. They are: P. T. Cooper, J, I, Dean, W. A. Haii, and Dan Fisher.
E.E. Petitioners
No juniors have entered frotti the electrical engineering school. Sophomores from that school include: J. L. Kessel, R. H. Horner, W. T. McNaughton, L. P. McNeill, and J. A. Kirlin. Freshman electricals include: H. O. Monson, Dyer Butter
field, and Henry Miller. The public/ service
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
THE LIBRARY’S business is beginning to pick up noticeably . . . what with finals a week off ... The UNION really reached a new high in' entertainment Saturday night ? ? ... I wonder if that’s the best Chicago Heights has to offer? FROM THE MORON’S DICTION-
ARY:
Fret . . . male sorority.
Quince . . . the Dionne kids. |
Gold ... very chilly. Nose . . . understands.
WHO ARE THESE “BOMBAY BICYCLE BOYS” that we’ve been hearing about ???... Any information on the subject would l)q
preciated . . .
ap-
BELIEVE IT OR NOT ... Thetas
DOBSON and BARNETT actually
smoked long black cigars which pol
itician (?) JERRY CIRAL was giving out during election# last week
. some girls, these Thetas ...
Dear Alpha Gamma Rho— Will you please stay out of politics long enough for a Sigma Chi to get elected president of the Camera Club? Irreverently yours. The Sigma Chis. Sigma Nu JARVIS—If an extremely handsome man should ask you for a kiss, what would you tell
me?
BETTY OSSENBERO—TM foil
What would any refined girl do in my place?”
Name Debris Section Heads At a meeting of the Debris staff yesterday in the Memorial Union Building it was announced by “Chuck” Ehinger, newly elected editor, that H. E. Lewis and Georgiana Pittman will be in charge of the sport section of the 1938 Debris. W. W, Winter and Lois V. Laramore will handle the fraternity section, while T. B. Miller and Edith P. George will head the senior sec-
tion. Work on the new Debris will start this week when pictures of spring athletics will be taken.
Pluinbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gm Hesters SS Years in the Rosiness DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1822 East Main
engineering
school is so far represented by R. I, Schumacher, R. J. Sclymanski, C. S. Meier, and W. H. Pifield. Other schools and petitioners are: engineering law, R. A. Stagleton; industrial engineering, J. R. Keck, and physical education, H. N. Beh-
rends.
Require Clothing Students To Clerk It takes real salesmanship to pass one of the courses offered to senior co-eds who are specializing in clothing and textiles in the home economics school at the University. In order to obtain actual practice in selling and observing retail problems, the students taking the course spend one afternoon each week clerking in one of the local stores. Preparatory to their store apprenticeship, the students are given class room instruction on making out sales slips, studying set-ups of training and merchandising stores, and discussions on salesmanship. In addition, the co-eds are taken on an inspection trip to Chicago to visit big retail firms, the Merchandise Mart, a large mail order house, dress manufacturers, and to interview store executives.
Foresters Will Give Queen Of Sheba Tonight “The Queen Of Sheba,” a short skit, will be the principal entertainment for the Forestry Club meeting, scheduled for tonight at 7:30 in the Horticultural Building. The entire program will be in the form of an amateur night with “The Queen of Sheba” featuring it. Refreshments will be served.
Seobfe’s 6 REA1BRAN0T STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lsfeyette
AVIBXAM by BO0 TH T AR KIN GTON v, i lb
Irouiifi Anthony Adverse) : PRANK CRAVEN • SPRING BYING-TOH C/,ii{! fioyiioMb < Harry Watson • jBckw Morrow < Directed by William McGaiin A firll National flelgrc
EXTRA! Coronation Pictures Direct from London!(, I, ■<^ I*'fit li'
Tuesday, May. 25.1937^
"*^-5 “i . ' ‘if '' ^ ‘
», ' ((•i"'
By J^ S. Brown
Purdue’s baseball squad came out on the small end of another Big Ten' contest last night on Russell Field, losing to Ohio State by the disheartening score of 13-1. The visitors hammered out 13 hits to the Boilermaker’s three, t George started on the mound for the Rivetjsrs- He allowed five walks, and
six hits and
lasted Until tfie fir?^ hflf Qf th# sixth inniugf ’fhen StU replaced jihiji Pn t^e mP#4* Stu cUdanll rig|t i^ti| ning when he hlew up and handed out:seYgn hit;s which wgpe cf)nvert§d
into seven runs.
Buckeyes Start Early The Ohio State squad didn’t waste any time getting under way, scoring three runs in the first and one each in the third, fourth, fifth, and seventh. The score stood 6-1 until the disastrous ninth, inning turned the game into a rout. ' The Boilermakers seemec tc have an off-day all around. Besides only gathering three hits, they made seven errors. George struck out two men and Heiss three.
The hbx score: Ohio State AB Myers, 2b 6 Dye, 3b 4 Baudabaugh, ss ....1
Haas, ss Je^ko, lb Bhoth, cf ......—,. Wjashburn, If .... Wulfhorst, c .... Layboume, rf .... D^genhard, p ....
R 1 2 1 1 4 i 1 i 1 0
Totals
40 13 13
Purdue
Malysiak, cf........ 3 Bartz, rf 3 Lyboult, 2b 4 Breslin, 3b ........ 3 Dean, lb 4 Malaska, c 3 Poulos, If ............ 4 Thompson ss 1 George, p I Heiss, p ............ 1
AB
R 0 4 Q 9 1 0 6 0 Q 0
9 0 b 0 1 0 2 0 0 0
pall Te^ Drops To iildiiUia,, 6-1
Totals 27
Professor Aitkenhead Will Visit Scotland
Prof. Williana Aitkenhead, head of the agricultural engineering department, will sail for Scotland on the “Cameronia” June 11, to return early in September. His wife will accompany him. Professor Aitkenhead comes from Scotland, and will spend the summer visiting relatives. He makes this trip every other year.
“DEAC” HAS BVERYTBIING for « COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
ROSES, reg. 76c 3 yr. olp 29c each Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers.
J. SPERB HDW.
822 Main
By J. A. Mebbeleir Indiana’s baseball team set back the Purdue team at Bloomington Saturday, 6-1, for its fourth victory this season over the’ Boilermakers to put the Hppsiers within reach of the Big Ten lead. The game, which marked Indiana’s seventh triumph in eight conference starts, was poorly played, with each team making, five miscues. The Boilermaker’s only run came in the second inning when Baker reached first on a fielder’s choipe, stole second, and scprpd when Andres let Art Bredewater’s liner go through him. Errors Permit Runs Indiana got two rims ip the first on successive singles by Andres and Clark, with .BiiiceT retting Cliark’s hit roll through permit both men to score. A similar situation in the fifth allowed two more tallies when fipsler tripled, PilchoCk singled, and ^Slysiak, Purdue center fielder, let the single go through him, with both runners crossing the plate. Three successive errors in the sixth inning gave the Hoosiers their final runs when Thompson’s •wide throw to first allowed Andres to get on base. Thompson followed by booting Clark’s infield hit with Andres going to third. Bredewater then threw wild on Clark’s attempted steal of second, Andres scoring and Hobson followed with a single to score Clark. . ScOYe by innings:, . ' ■ : ■ ' R Purdue ........ 010 000 000—1 Indiana 200 022 OOx—6
H 4 6
Senior Co-eds Capture Baseball Championship
The senior co-ed baseball team captured the inter-Class championship when they defeated the freshman team by a score pf 7-6 in a game played last night on intramural field. The freshman team was the run-ner-up in the tournament.
SMDDEN ^ERVICi
tRINTING
□
.OffiM tggpwwy.
PHONE
^ b s 0 CAS^L'S 4|MnHf»'
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath;
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
LYLE JE. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post'Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Mbderat® Prices
TEACHERS WANTED
Enroll immediately—Positions now openu Primary, intermediate, advanced grades, commercial, Spanis||i, l^atip, English, history, music, piano and others. Enclose Stamped envelope. V
WESTERN STATES Low Placemenl: Fee
PROFESSIONAL PLACEMENT BUREAU 508-9 McIntyre Bldff. Sntt ]Uke City, Utuh
.'A.-
Lemen Third In Hurdles At BigTenMeet
By B. D. Witwer Jupiter Pluvius went out of his way last Saturday during the finals in the Big Ten Conference track and field meet at Ann Arbor to put hazards before the greats in the field of packed cinder stars. In spite of an endless rpt;ation oT light raiiis and do'wnpoursi bp’w^eyer, tjie qqllege stai’warts prpyed their progress by setting a nevv world’s record in the 120 yard high hurdles and forcing three of the , old conference records into discard! The track became wetter and soggier as the meet progressed. Don Lash, after striding to a victory around the oval for the eight laps in the two mile run, fpr once had the outward appearance of the man of iron that has been a synonym for his name many times. Lenien Gets Honor Bob Lemien will carry Purdue’s colors to the Pacific Coast as a member of the Big Ten track squad, the only Boilermaker of the team. He gained his position by virtue of taking third in the 220 yard low hurdles behind Mason and Osgood of Michigan. Only a bit of bad luck kept Lemen from grabbing first place. Leading by more than a foot at the last hurdle, his leg gave way under him just as he hit the track after this la?t hazard. He was unable to recover his balance, but still managed to finish third.
Fifteenth Annual River Swim Starts Wednesday At 4
The fifteenth aiihual All-Univer-sity river swim will be held Wednesday at 4 p. m. At this time endurance swimmers of Purdue ■will enter the river at a point, opposite Lincoln Lodge and test their skill and durability Over a two and a half mile course to the Brown street bridge. E. G. Closson, winner of last year’s swim, will not be among the contestants last year, but the event promises a bigger thrill this time as a greater number have already entered. Anyone still desiring to enter the meet may do so by signing up at the intramural office. Boats Needed Each swimmer will be followed closely by a boat furnished by the intramural department. At present there is a lack of boats and rowers and the intramural department is asking that anyone who has a boat get in touch with the^ before the. day^ of the meet. An all-time record for the distance was set in 1933, when M&x Lautenbock cut the muddy waters of the Wabash for a time of 23:54. Last year’s time of 27:38.4 was slightly lower than previous years due to the lowness of the river. The winner of the event will receive a silver trophy—a small figure of a poised swimmer—and the next six men receive either gold or silver medals.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★A FACULTY TENNIS 'k'k-k'k'kk'kii'kickick-k-kick-k-kickitick
—TODAY— Miller ys. .Slesser. , Burnham vs. Chittura dr Allen. Sanders vs. Hoover. Templeton vs. Stoever or VanCamp, Cowden vs. Larson or Kessler. Visscher vs. Tzucker or Pyer^.
ROTC Juniors Give Program Tonight
i elder’s.... ....choice - By Bill Fifield
Bob Lemen certainly got a bum break ui» at Atm Arbor last Friday . . . he’ll have another chance out on the Pacific Coast, however, tmrring ^ore bad liick ... if he does as good there as he started out to do at Ann Arbor, he should bring home the bacon . . . the frosh track men wound up their season’s practice yesterday ... the varsity will probably work out for another week yet. —fc— Tomorrow is the day of the River Swim . . . “Chief” Clevett is rather disappointed at the small number sig:ned up so far . . . out of 4,600 men there should be more thhn 20 who would, be willing to brave the rapids apd the whirlpools of the Wabash for fame and glory . . . hurry over to the j-M office and sign up, you swimmers ... —fc The ball squad seems to be winding up their season’s schedule in not very impr^sive style . . ; the last two games are. slated for this Thursday and Friday at Minnesota ... if the local boys can trounce the strong Gopher i|ine, they y^}l ptone for at least some of their past mistakes ... , -^fc— . Yesterday’s game was certainly a fizzle as far as hitting went . . . thyee hits in nine innings looks pretty, poor . . . even Red Breslin
|iad an off day ... either Dagenhhrd |s a real pitcher or else yre are ex-
periencinjg one of those team bat-
ting elumps . .
Juniors in the advanced cadet corps of the University R.OiT.C. unit will be hosts to sophomore military students at a prpgfram in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7 o’clock. The program will include motion pictures of the recent Olympic Games in Germany, and also some short talks. While the affair is being sponsored solely by the juniors, regular army officers as well as senior officers yrill be in kttendance to discuss pertinent matters with the underclassmepi
—National Leagne— Won Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh......
....... 19
9
.679
St. Louis
...... 16
12
,571
New York .....
17
13
.566
Chicago ...........
....... 15
14
.517
Syooldyn .........
13
15
.464
Boston ..... .....
...... 12
16
.444
Fhiladelphia ...
....... 11
18
.379
Cincinnati ......
...... 10
17
.370
Yesterday’s Results Boston, 3; Chicago, 1. Brooklsm, 1; Cincinnati, 0, New York, 4; Pittsburgh, 3. Other game not scheduled.
As Purdue Track Coach
Harmon L. Phillips, track coach at Butler University for the past 10 years, has been signed as the coach of the Boilermaker trackmen. He will succeed Orval Martin, who has tendered his resignation, according to an announcement made by Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer. Regarded as one of the outstanding younger track coaches, Phillips will take over his new duties next fall. He had a great record both as a coach and as a quarter-miler while in college. Winner of the national intercollegiate quarter-mile for 3 consecutive years, Phillips was chosen on the 1928 Olympic team and was credited with setting the early pace which permitted Ray Barbuti to take the only flat race won by the United Btates that year. Many Prize Pupils After returning from his Olympic competition, Phillips took over the helm at Butler, where he has achieved, coiisidepable success in developing strong teams as well as great individual runners. Among his prize pupils are Joe Sivak, who ^on the national mile championship.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Tlw tkfaiUair f«n*w e*U«
A YBLLOW
y-8 FORIJ tAXi CAB
8*(i^ OecaNwu
*l« ^ ptet' df. tM’eitp
\ ' • Oiri ' YELi^f'<gR go: ■
Raymond Bums, who held the state title in the 220 yard dash for several years. Bert Nelson, whe held the world’s indoor high jtnnp record, Ray Sears, who* held the Am€srican two-mile record until Don Lash recently broke it, and Larry Holmes, hurdler on the present squad. Among Phillips’ other achievements is his successful promotion of the Butler Relays to the point where they are recognized as one of the country’s track classics.
Kappa Sigs Win Archeiy Meet, By 276-264 Score
Kappa Sigma fraternity won the inter-fratemity archery tournament yesterday afternoon on Intramural Field, defeating Phi Delta Theta, 276 to 264. H. M. Jacklin, freshman engineer, was high man for the Kappa Sig’s, hitting the highest mark of the season, when he accounted for 180 pointsi. The Kappa Sig’s will be awarded the inter-fiatemity archery trophy.
B0SSUN6 ShM jRdpidr Sjhop YARSFFY BDOT SHOP
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at Tth Phoua M5t
—American League—• Won Lost Pet. New York 17 10 .629 Philadelphia .......... 15 10 .600 Detroit .................. 16 12 .672 Cleveland 12 11 .622 Boston 11 13 .458 Washington 13 16 .448 Chicago 11 15 .423 St,J^uis ....9 17 .346 Yesterday’s Results Boston, 9; Chicago, 5. New York, 14; Cleveland, 0. St. Louis, 8; Philadelphia, 6. Detroit, 3; Washington, 1.
A AAAArA
BASEBALL
ArArA A A A A A’A A A AAr ArAf A A A A A A A Ar A
—TODAY— Diamond 1—Winner (Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Kappa Lambda) vs. the Winner (Delta Upsilon vs. A1 pha Gamma Rho.). Umpire-— Gillis.
:AA'AAAAAAATAAAArArArA:AAAAArAAA' FRESHMAN TENNIS
Puente vs. (Cooper or Lentz)
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
—TODAY— Monger vs. (Moses or Berg). Blessing vs. (Wilks or Taylor).
WARD TENNIS Lucefc vs. Tormohlen. Parke Vs. Breen. Meyer vs. Breiner. Billings ys. (Chapline or Wilks).
TENNIS DOUBLES CLASS ‘^B^ Alpha Tau Omega vs. (Beta Theta Pi or Sigma Chi.), Triangle vs. (Theta Xi or Phi Kap- . pa Psi). SINOLEI^ Delta Upsilon vs. (Kappa Sigma or Phi Delta Theta). CLASS “A” DOUBLES Sigma Alpha Mu vs. (Phi Kappa Tau or Phi Kappa Psi).
for tK#t trip
—have your car checked, motor toned—this complete service wiU save you money in the long run. The kind of service that puts pep and miles in your engine, and the song of the road in your heart and disposition. For complete auto service see us.
525 ALABAMA
24 Hour Sarvieu
PHONE 404$
llfl
.
iiiiiii
mu/
s!’l
£SShI&L
4S Bremen H. S. SenUfrs impeiA VniversUy
yorty-five seniors from Bremen High School, at Bremen, spent several hours here Monday inspecting the University campus and buildings. They were under the charge of Mr. and Mrs. Churchill of the Bremen school staff and went from Lafayette to Turkey Run and the Shades before returning to Bremen.
Thelma Bachellor
’35 Weds In Detroit
Thelma Bachellor, H. E. ’36, was married to Dr. W. C. Forsythe, Jr., last Friday at the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Bachellor, formerly of West Lafayette and now of Detroit, Mich. Rev. Benjamin Rist, Fowler, performed the ceremony. Dr. Forsythe IS a graduate of Western Reserve. The couple will reside at Val Hally, New York, where both have been on the staff of the Grasslands Hospital.
J.H. WiUiams To Discuss Porto Rican Problems
As a continuation of the series of addresses before the “Friendly Relations Group,” J. H. Williams, of Mayaguez, Porto Rico, a junior in the school of electrical engineering, will discuss “Some Of The Porto Rican Problems” on Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room F of the Memorial Union Building. The meeting is open to the public.
R. J. BATH WateklUw 608 Main Straet
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and Nfcw Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 SUte ft Slain Sts.. W. U
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Aeronautical University
GoTsmment Approved
State Accredited
PATRONIZE
PURDUE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Ti^^W»^^y26^19|7
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, aold, rented and Impaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, <106 Main street. Phene 2779.
Lost— K. & E. decitrig slide rule between Purd»«e Hall and S. P. E. house. Reward. Markham 3301.
For Sale—Brand new large steamer trunk, reasonably priced. Call Cartwright 71643, at 226 Vine.
Employment—Men interested in summer employment with national sales organization call Creager, at 66112, 6 to 8 p. m. today.
Lost—White gold Elgin — watch in the Physics Building Wednesday at 11 o’clock. Finder please return to R. V. Belding, 113 S. Grant street. Phone 7744.
Tutor—Mathematics and applied mechanics. C. H. Clevenger, M.S., 236 Harrison street, West Lafayette.
To help ride-thumbers at Pennsylvania State College keep their appointments in other cities, George D. Thomas, instructor in industrial engineering, has written a “HitchHiker’s Timetable,” which tells the reader the best hours to “flag,” the distances to the various cities and the length of time the journey will take.
If Texas Christian University’s “Beau Ugly,” Joe Frederick, keeps making the newspapers regularly with his challenges that “I’m the ugliest college man in Texas,” he’s likely to end up in the movies. Recently Joe spoke on the “We The People” program over a national radio network.
W. S. G. A. Mentor»—Report to WSGA office May 25 for interviews at specified time. 4 p. m.—Paniel, Frost, Wimborough, Meldahl, Whitney, Hixon, Kristjanson, Sexton, Louis, Wulfman, Rieth, Sands. 4:16 p. m.—Skinner, Helm, Morehouse, Landgrebe, Mohlar, Barnes, Bartlett, Hunter, Doty, Alumn, Pendergraif. 4:80 p. m.— Hudson, Rose, Elliott, Wetzel, Whitesell, Brown, Throckmorton, Schwab, M. P. Jones, Thrasher, Dobson, Demort. 4:46 p. m.— Laramore, Woods, Zimmerman, Davison, Baker, Stewart, M. L. Jones, Schoonover, Riechers, Moorhead, Hubler, Kneer. 6 p. m. —^Harris, Ilgenfritz, Cassell, Light, Kauf-
man, Murphy, Prust, Wynn, Sheppard, Ba-
■■ tin, “
ker, Martin. 6:16 p. m.—Smiley, Pittman, Craig, Turner, Hague, Grave, Raber, Small, Mytinger, Hiner, Masters, and Avery.
—COOLEY.
Senate Nominations—Secure the petition forms for Senate nomination between 8 and 6 p. m. May 26, 26, or 27. All petitions must be turned in by May 27. —ROHYANS.
W. A. A. Sports Spread—^Tickets may be purchased at the main office of the Women’s Gym for 26 cents. May 26 till 27. —JONES.
Alpha Phi Omegai—>^peei8l auetliis Mav 26 at 7:30 in room A of the Cnion r^ew members must attend. —MOORE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Get tickets and money in by May 27 to me at the Triangle House, 108 University. -FRANCOS.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Meeting at 7:16 May 26 in office. —SLOCUM.
Stump, Stage, and Studio—Following persons report with banquet money and tickets to the Playshop office May 26, between 4 and 6 p. m.: Gillespie, Glover, McCool, Everett, Milne, Brenman, Holden, Muller, Crepps, Ahrens, Gershuny, Parlon. —CALUS.
YWCA, WSGA, WAA—All old and new executive board members can obtain tickets for the Triad banquet before May 26 at 4 p. m. at the Union desk or from Sara Alice McIntosh, Margaret Jones, or Betty Jo Sexton. The price of the tickets is 60 cents. —SEXTON.
Glider Club—Last meeting of semester to be held May 26 in room D of the Union Building at 7:16 p. m. All debts, including flying fees, are to be paid at this time. —WILTSHIRE.
Gala Wedr Conunlttee—Meeting May 26 at 4 p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. At* tendance is compulsory. —BLACK.
Scrivener Club—Preceding the regular meeting May 26 at 8 p. m., there will be a business meeting at 7:80 p. m. for the purpose of electing officers. Open to old members only. All old members are urged to attend. The meeting will be at 116 Sheetz street. —RAD@^
Enjoy This New Kind of Cieaning
Crown Cleaning moth proofs at the same time by the MONITE moth-proofing process. No extra charge for this service.
FINE CtEANERS OF FINECLOTHES
Purdue Flying Club—Imiiortant meeting May 26, 4:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial TUnion Building. Last meeting of the year. Pictures aftei^ meeting. —CONWAY.
P. E. W. Dancers and Orchesis—^All those dancing in the coming program meet for rehearsal May 26 at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
Student Senate—Convocation committee will meet iti the Student Senate office at 4 p. m. May 26. —ROHYANS.
Gimlet Club—Meeting May 26 at 6 p. m. in the Sigma Chi house. Election of officers. —HODGDON.
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation will be held at 6 p. m. May 25 in room A of the Union Building. Election of officers will be held afterwards, and every member must be there. —PITCH.
LAWN MOWERS , Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULH AUPT & SON Pkene 2828 2M-11 N. fth Bt.
W. A. A. Baseball—^All-star game will be played May 26 at 4 p. m. —TOWNSEND.
, -Alpha Phi Omegar—Student-faculty bowling tournament will be held May 27 at Al?ey™' will meet at the Union —GASTON.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Keys for the newly initia^ numbers have arrived Get them by May 27. —FREDERICKS.
Glee Club—Leave money for keys at office in Fowler Hall May 26. —COMPTON.
Gold Peppers—Important meeting at 4:8d p. m. May 26. Inquire at Union desk concerning meeting place. —SLOCUM.
P. I. A. Orchestra—Practice May 26 in the tower room at 7 o’clock. —SHIMM.
The Rink DenUl Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. RAROLD J. RIBK OR. RORRRT 6. RUR RR. LUTHRR A. RMR
4N Sdmlti BUg. PImm ITM
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee—Report to the Union ballroom May 26 at 6 ;46 p. m. to make preparations for the sophomore smoker. —MURRAY.
Playshop—All members who want keys please leave names In office after 4 p. m. May 26. —KELSAY.
Industrial Education—Prof. R. J. Greenly, of the education department, will address the industrial education group in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops May 27 at 7 p. m. —HOFETilAN.
COLLEGE MEN
National merchandising firm with forty thousand employees wants 100 outstanding young men who are college graduates for key position training. Salary to start $25.00 per week. Write giving full particulars and include snapshot. Write c/o Post Office Box No. 5415, New Post Office, Chicago, Illinois.
Courses in; AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING (B. S. Degree) Licensed Mechanics . . Administration Day and Evening Courses in all Aeronautical subjects. Credits granted for subjects previously taken. Wonderful opportunities in a rapidly expanding industry. A. U. graduates employed by all leading aviation lines and companies. Write or call for FREE Booklet “AVIATION AS A CAREER.’’ Aeronautical University Cnrtiss-Wright Bldg. Dept. P. E., 1338 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago. TeL Victory 2733
Chtsterfields will giveyou mowpleasure...
Xjp-to-the-ininute trains and modern planes make travel easier •. *. more pleasant. And wherever you see folks enjoying these modern things of life you’ll see them enjoying Chesterfield Cigarettes.
Up-to-the-minute methods and finer ingredients... pure cigarette paper...mild ripe aromatic homegrown and Turkish tobaccos, aged and mellowed for two years or more.. .make Chesterfield an ouU standing cigarette.