7
^ i
I fr-,,-1.^'','4 .V! V ^'',1. *■■';, P^-; 5>''’’NV/|: r ?,-;+,, ;f ^.j..V’-', /'■'^ / ' .-S'/', > ;-'i!'/' ' 45. ' i, ^ '' m" . ' . ’ *'' ' ^ ' 7 '"'l >t4 ‘ ,J , ” '1^ ' ,‘ ' I > **''> ' ' ' '“--T 1, ' f ^ " / J " ^ ‘ / -n' ' ^ ^ « ’ -■ ‘ i ' >- ^ ^ ^
MfeRRY-GO-ROUNP Says GOP Convention V* - To Bring Deadlock
Established 1881
xponeH4> 9 ’ Gold Dieeine??
EDIT SAYS
Convo Surpasses All Previous Shows
WwM , f i'l
y^llime 56, No. 109
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 1, 1944
Thirteen Coeds Enter Queen Of Hearts Contest
Deferment Quota Set For Purdue DeanPotterTo Act As Director 1 mi 1 In New Apportioning System Engluild, Band Will Play
For Gold Digger's Ball
Voting Will Start This Afternoon At Booth In Front Of Sweet Shop
Out of the 10,000 quota set by the National Roster of Scientific and Specialized Personnel for colleges and universities in the United States, a total of 157 students eligible for induction into the armed forces will be deferred at the University for the term beginning March 7, according to information received
By Margaret Baynes
We were eating ivy with the little
over three librarians, shoved five
Freshmen Will See
from the president’s office yesterday. Of this number 151 will lambs and frolicking on the green ASTPers and fell on the dusty vol-
be engineering students, while three will be chemistry students and five physics. Out of the overall total of 10,000 students in the United St8-tes who will not graduate bfefore June 30, 1944, and who are eligible for army service, 6775 will be deferred by reason of pursuing engineering courses, 850 in physics, 2260 in chemistry and 125 in geology and geophysics. This number does not include all students deferred for medical reasons or honoi'-
ably discharged.
Quota to Be Apportioned
when our city editor, who eats oats umes of ancient Exponents, just like in the song too, gently en- Lg^^n Origin of Ball
couraged us to go prospecting and look for gold diggers. We were happy at the idea and immediately
Eagerly we learned that the University Women’s Council, foregal-
Preshman eds will see movies of
started off in the direction of\ the ^ Associated Women Indiana-Purdue football
Dr. Waiters Gives Census Of Coeds In U. S. Colleges Practically two out of every three civilian students attending repi'e-
sentative, full-time eni’ollment col- laughed. “Ha, ha,” he said, “don’t leges and universities are women, you know that the only place you according to Dr. Raymond Walters, can find gold diggers is in the Union
president of the University of Cin- Saturday night from 9 to 12. Ernie was'adopted: a few years ago!” that all freshmen who have a candi- within the next week, when Lt. J. and for"'§757r7tudenT may
commander’s house because we had noticed a lot of gold on his hat and were sure of finding some gold diggers there. ^ But Jenkins, that’s our city editor, Jenkins just laughed and
Students, first recognized the gold diggers about 18 years ago when a turnabout dance was given, the idea of which was to give coeds a chance to dig deeper in the future with a free conscience and eds a chance to reverige their favorite grievances. Primly stated a 1928 Exponent:
Thirteen candidates have been entered in the popularity contest sponsored by Student Union to promote the sale of War Bonds and Stamps with the winner to be crowned “Queen of Hearts”. The queen will reign with her attendants at a dance February 12; the names of her
attendants will be announced at that time. "
The coeds who have been nominated by their various sofmties, cooperative houses, inde-
pendent houses, or Residence Halls, as announced by Ginny Armstrong of the Student Union, are: Doris Dant, Mary Bowlby, Betty Cantly, Lois Reimann, Dottie Hanson, Helen Hanlen, Bettianne Murphy, Peggy Miner, Jean Crane, Phoebe Knowles,
Adelaide Lucas, Helen Holt and Henrietta Davis. Union officials are emphasizing the slogan “Buy a Bond— ' ■ Crown a Queen”, as the central
note of the contest. They have announced that voting will begin this afternoon in front of the Sweet Shop and will continue each day from 3 to 5 p. m. until the contest closes February 11
at 5 p. m.
game and vote for the freshman qqeen at the smoker Friday night in the faculty lounge at 7:30. Red Mackey will provide a running commentary for the movies and Al
Stewart will lead the songs.
Primary election of freshman given an opportunity to take the
Lt Kettlewell To Administer Air Cadet Test
. „ . . , , , Votes are obtainable on the fol-
All University students will be
“Joe Williams’ Old Gold and Black whl be held. Ed Easley, naval aviation V6 pilot-officer train-
stamp, 2 votes will be given; for each 25 cent stamp, 5 votes; $1, 20
Aces played for the dance, which Green Potters president, announces ing appitude tests on the campus votes; $18.75, 375 votes; ^SUoO. 750
cinnati, in his twenty-third annual England and his 12-piece orchestra survey of college attendance in from Illinois University will play
The number of students in the en- America. there and there won’t be the usual
gineering college at the University who will be deferred under the quota of 151 will be divided among the
Then through the years, as the mind should write her name K. Kettlhwell, USNR, comes here 1500 votes Women’s Council changed into the address on paper and bring it to as part of a special drive for candiWomen’s Self Governing Associa- smoker. The Green Potters dates now being conducted by the
The survey, taken in November, corsages because the service men which revolved into AWS, peo- will select ten candidates Naval Aviation Cadet Selection _j 1 J.1 i- j* _? ?i* 1 __ Vin-f o T^ac* - . . . , - - . _ •Fvrwvi f»»T»r\Tivk ov»rl o4- -f-Vir. o4-
stated that full-time civilian stu dents in 674 approved colleges and
can’t wear them, but a surprise has been planned instead ... well, if you
pie became used to the sight of a at the Green Board at Chicago, shy, sweetly blushing halfback I’otters ball fi’eshman queen and at- Two tests will be offered on Fri-
various schools according to a sys- universities totaled 460,849 as com- don’t know we won’t tell you; you trapped up on a tree surrounded by Pendants will be elected. All fresh- day, Saturday and Monday, Febru-
tem now under consideration by pared with last year’s 750,233, and can just find out for yourself.” Dehn A. A. Potter and will be re- grand totals of students, including Seek knowledge in Exponent leased soon. part time and summer session at- Well, our happy day was ruined The purpose of the Roster for tendance, in 671 institutions num- now because we didn’t know about Scientific and Specialized Personnel t>ered 746,831 in contrast to last gold diggers, so we started searchis to. provide a means for allotting 1,074,983. ing. Then one day months later as to each college, industry or other These losses, amounting to 38.6 we were following a man with a organization employing technically per cent in full-time attendance and pick down the street we got the an-
30.5 in grand totals, would be much swer—the Exponent would know, gi’eater if women had not flocked the Exponent knows everything,
to schools. Sixty-seven per cent of civilian students are women.
a pack of pleading females, as the ^irls living oq campus are eligGold Diggers’ ball continued to ap- election. Admittance to the
trained men a proportionate number to most efficiently accomplish the demands of the war effort.
We tore over to the library, leaped
pear as a highlight of the social whirl, sponsored by that all-coed club. The ball grew and gre^w because each year new ideas were added. Mistletoe Used for Decoration On Friday, December 12, 1930, from 9 until 1 a. m., 360 gold dig(See GOLD DIGGERS, page 4)
smoker will be by passport.
ary 4, 5 and 7. All interested stm dents are urged to sign up in the
Pictures to Be Taken
Ballots may be obtained at the time of purchase of stamps or pledging for bonds. Pictures of the contestants will be on display in from; of the Sweet Shop during the contest and Debris photographers will
Personnel Office, ground floor of the pictures of the Executive Building, where they may attendants at the
obtain full details and application
forms.
Forestry Man Asks Farmers To Supply Pulp
National need for pulpwood, which necessitates the conseiwation of paper, emphasizes the need for an increase in pulpwood production. The shortage could be relieved if every farmer in the United States would cut one cord of wood suitable for pulp; this is impossible since in Indiana alone there are many farms which do not have trees from which pulpwood could be made economic-
ally.
University extension forestryman J. L. VanCa'mp answers questions concerning the pulpwood situation in Indiana. He says: “Farmers in Indiana are not and never can
In five fields—arts and sciences, engineering, commerce, agriculture and teaching — freshman yomen showed a 6.5 per cent gain since 1942, and freshman eds suffered a loss of 62.6 per cent in the same fields since last year. Dr. Walters’ figures showed that graduate schools, law schools and teachers’
Lark-Horovifz To Speak Fisher Announces For Meeting Tomorrow Engineer To Arrive Of Coed Science Seminar At Stands In Week
Lt. Kettlewell points out that it is advisable that students take advantage of this chance to make their own choice of a service since they can no longer Ije deferred from the
draft.
On completion of the V5 training
ing are being covered in the first of Pi'ogram the cadet is awai’ded the
a series of three intensive one-week Navy wings of gold and commis- Rev. Claude L. Pickens, recently short courses on life insurance, sioned an ensign in the Navy or a of Hankow, China, arrived on camThese courses have attracted an en- second lieutenant in the marines, pus yesterday to speak at three rollment at the ,University of 40 Salary after receiving a commission meetings on China’s appreciation of salesmen from six states. amounts to approximately $291 per the missionaries and how the Japa-
Basic principles of life ilfnderwrit-
The initial course was opened yesterday with an address by H. V.
' ‘month.
Indiana University ranks 24 in the nation’s total with 3,141 students. In his analysis of full-time civil-
ian enrollment by geographical 7““ ‘7'*"
areas Dr. Walters noted the smallest loss among the 116 institutions of the so-uth Atlantic division with
Life Underwriters. Alden C. Palmer of Indianapolis, director of the
Research and Review
Service, is in general charge of the
instruction.
Salesmanship, properties
their income in comparison with life insurance and current insurance problems will make up the advanced
nese are using the missions’ work
to their advantage.
The Rev. Pickens is scheduled to speak at the religious council luncheon meeting this noon at the Hillel Foundation, and this evening at the Wesley Foundation at 7:30 p. m. This is to be an open meeting to
„ . , „ , . , „ - which all students and military per-
Society of Mechanical Engineers , • ,
, ,. ,,, , sonnel are invited.
To Hear
Prof. (Caldwell Student branch of the American
Prof. K. Lai'k-Horowitz, head of Bob Fisher, editor, announced to-
colleges show decreases, while med- the physics department, will be the night that the Purdue Engineer of ForT wayneTpresident of ical schools, with their civilian and speaker at a meeting of the science would be on the news stands by Indiana State Association of
military students, report all-time seminar tomoi'row evening at 7:30 Thursday or Friday of this Week highs. in room 230 of the Chemistry An- The Engineer is a monthly publicaIn civilian totals, the University ^o will speak on varied sub- tion and this will be the January
of California, with alt branches, is edition.
still the nation’s largest with 11,245 Science Seminar was given its Included in this issue will be the students, and Columbia University original impetus by Prof. Sol Boyk following stories: “Division of has jumped from last year’s sixth chemistry department. The Technical Institutes,” about the place to-second with 9,236 students. nrade up of coeds in experi- University’s various technical train-
mental science, started last spring ing centers throughout Indiana;
in order that these students might “Theory in Commercial Practice,” t. • • meet various campus personalities a speech given by R. E. Orton, chief course eginning next wee . and hear them speak. The peries of engineer of the Acme Steel Com- •» » i supplementary to the pany, before the student ASME /rCfl© f ©icft'
regular curricula in experimental meeting last month; “Roving Power
science. Houses,” the story of traveling ... director of the placement servAt the first meeting of this semes- POwer houses, trains which can fur- ice for women at the University, left vices used in industry.
.V , i ,r, IQ nish power for war-torn cities and Sunday for “the University of Okla- PresentofficersoftheASMEstuproduction in Indiana are along the arges oss vvas among the 43 , (^y, / . ’ their industries. home at Norman, Okla. ^he will dent branch include Hans Wormser, Wabash and Ohio rivers, where in Prof. K. W. Meissner of the physics Engineer can be bought at speak on “The Needs for Women in chairman; H. Davidon, W. Grube,
recent weeks 1400 cords of wood states, who suffered a drop of 46.6 department gave a demonstrated any news stand or at the Engineer Business and Industry” at a voca- D. Pliske, M. Schocken, vice chair- Volunteer Movement is sponsoring have been cut. Most of Indiana’s P®^ cent. lecture on colors in nature. effino. ^ finnnl erinfeveuPB men: W. Price, secretarv-treasurer: Pickens lectimes on the cam-
77*^ will hold its regular bimonthly meeting Wednesday evening in room 317 of the Electrical Engineering Building. “Electronics in Industry” will be the subject of a discussion by Prof. C. W. Caldwell of the School of Electrical Engineering. He will supplement his talk with the demonstration of various electronic de-
be large producers of pulpwood.
Thb principal areas of pulpwood Per cent less students, while
Wednesday evening at 7:30 a second open meeting will be held at the University Presbyterian Church. Rev. Pickens has been a missionary of the Episcopalian Church in China since 1926 and was in Hankow when the Japanese took over his mission area. He was interned for seven months, but through contact with the Red Cross was able to return home on the S. S. Gripsholm in August, 1942. The Student
trees are hardwood and are too val-
uable for pulp uses.
Considering soldier and sailor students as numbering approxi-
„ „ J, ntately 300,000 in the nation as a
whole, institution enrollment is almost up to the diminished level of
1942.
office.
tional conference.
pujpwood produced in Indiana there arp no pulp mills in this state. The closest is in Ohio and there is another one in central Illinois. Indiana pulpwood is sent to these mills. Indiana has paper mills which use finished pulp, waste paper or rags. Indiana farmers are urged to cut the largest trees in their woods and
Dean Hockema Dispels Pre-Registration Rumors
Reporter Discovers Press In Ag Extension
men; W. Price, secretary-treasurer; Prof. R. W. Leutwiler, honorary
chairman.
By Pat Richardson
Clank, clank, clank. Who
Robbers Invade Sorority Houses According to the West Lafayette
police department robberies were committed last Friday night in the
Activity Honoraries Will Discuss Relays Reamers, Gold Peppers and Gimlets will hold a second joint meeting in the Tower room of the Union at
goes
Much of the material printed con- quit because she became a bride. Ah, cerns agricultural topics, such as love! In about three months Doris the “Care and Feeding of Dairy caught on to typesetting and printCattle,” a small leaflet, 20,000 of ing, although she had had no prewhich were printed, or 30,000 4H vious experience. Aftei^ she had bulletins on “A New Lining for been on the job for a year Elizabeth Your Old Coat.” Thousands of en- Bratz became her assistant. Bratz,
Chi Omega and Ka^pa houses. The 8 p. m. today at which time Al Lind-
Pre-registration for civilian stu
send them to the mill. They are dents will not be held at the end of there, an armbred knight or an Ml used in articles for war, ranging the present semester, said Execu- tank? Visitors (people do, y’know) from ship timbers to aircraft ve- tive Dean F. C. Hockema yesterday, to the Ag campus pause in amazeneer. In case farmers have small “i dispelling some of the rumors ment on hearing the dreary clangor willows or qsp’ens which might be prevalent on the campus. and look over their shoulders as if
used for pulp it is suggested that The possibility of having such a they expect to see Frankenstein’s , j , ueu ai, aiou, uuuvuig a i.uLai uj. ^loou. ..,1^- i-nicv th^y investigate this market. Fur- registration at the end of the semes- monster come shuffling up the walk. J® t°°o- Tnri Jhc ^he Kappa Kappa Gamma house zations closer together. Discussion
ther information may be obtained ter in order to lengthen the vacation Perhaps it’s just a guilty conscience from the department of forestry and before classes begin March 7 was reminding them of the chain gang, conservation or from any Indiana considered, but due to the large The din comes fiom a small I’oom in
robberies occurred some time after midnight. No doors or windows were known to have been left un-
locked.
In the Chi Omega house $166 in cash was taken and a mink coat valued at $166, making a total of $335.
skoog, president of the Reamers, will act as chairman at a discussion of the University relays. Since all three organizations are depleted in membership, closer cooperation would be advisable and these meetings aie to bring the three organi-
form letters and leaflets are printed ting and admitted that she was exeach week. tremely confused for several The walls of the small room, piled months. All print set up in the
$31 was taken from purses.
on the relays was begun two weeks
ago.
county agent.
, ,. • , , , J, . , 4.1, 1 4. 4! 4.U A n 4. • high with its finished work and AES building must be handset, number of special students the idea the basement of the Ag Extension , , , , 4 j ■4.1. • ixn 1 ,, 4 , , . , . .4T4.._ 4, , blank papei, are decorated with pic- When bulletins have much
Prof. J. L. Lingo . . . has announced that the total attendance at the agricultural conference held here last week was 2798, exceeding last yqgr’s number by 20, despite the fact that the con- ‘ ference wa*s limited to the various state organizations and that no effort was made to encourage wide-
.spread attendance.
was abandoned.
Mudball hey there clarenci^no one has asked me to the Gold Diggers Ball i am playing hard to get love . MUDBALL
Service Building, from a huge black mass of metal, full of Intricate rods and gears, in short, from a printing
press.
Students are always somewhat
tures of Chessie, the Chesapeake straight printed material in them cat, and all her children. Most of the contents are sent over to town the floor space is taken up by the to the typesetter’s office and set up presses, two large ones and one on the linotype to save time. Most small proof press. The oldest of the of the material on forms, cards and
shocked to discover a press hidden presses- is difficult to operate and tickets is set up by hand by Doris away in a cranny of the AES build- type must be entirely handset. and Elizabeth, who, incidentally, do ing and seem to feel that may he Printer Replaced not belong to the typesetter’s union, just a trifle illegal. Classic remark Two years ago the University hired When asked how they liked their in 20 years of inquiring students is, Dons Landis to ri^place their print- work they replied in the affirmative, “Couldja piint me up some convo er, who had been there about 20 saying that it was interesting work tickets?” years, according to Doris, but who and not too strenuous.
Reamer Initiates Reamers announce the initia-
tion of:
John Anderson Bob Baker
Bill Berg
Bill Burroughs Bob Cbilds Ed Goetze Joe Goldsmith Vance Lockhart Dan Pliske Charles Whistler Paul Zmola
YWCA To Sponsor Group Race Relation Discussion Group iliscussion on “Racial Relations,” sponsored by YWCA, wilt be held in room 358 of the Union at 4 p. 111. Wednesday, February 2. Mrs. Wiley will be the soiu'ce leader and Laurie Wear will act as student dis-
cussion leader.
All students are invited to como and express their opinions.\ ’’
i
f f
P4ig& ^
Purdue Exponent
^ ’*■ # 4.'"-^ ^ i-
^ A k '
PH
Tuesday^ February 1^ 1944
Purdue Exponent combined with ^ Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fictdhouse, Phone 2792 Editori’l Phene After 10pm, 5377
Editor Bubincsi Mnnncer Jsc'n'i Edit r Vljim-iiiR tditor fcvport^ i ilor *
EIIis Murphj Mary Dilta William H Tvson Carol} n AVilbUi K lb (11 I Lipcb Ji
Publicat on Staff Lditirnl ‘^talT , llsiicntc IdiUr? 1 1 Ml ott K th M Ford Madelyn A 11 t I r Jt 1 1 k !• t F btolltb Jam J\ n T , k 4 1 in 1 M h-i Lee Kitl K V c oio rts I dilori In I 4cl( i a Paul Caller W 1 n I rb \ ( M 1 t „ , «en 0 Stall Iil r H t r t 1 el Lins I co rnelman Jjcl Maine 1 ^ 1 koUiig Bub Baker Business STaff AdsertisinR-Manajrcr ( 1 ( it •tepiblont Idecrl n M i iffcr Betty Maney Circe! it on Mai arer li e rn an
Staff For This Issue
\ ^pi rd or Ceo ecs n ( it I ** r Do 1 i Spor ' Kcpdrtrr'^ v n <
\
rriitor P'*glinruio I sut I ditor Rippctoc
1 1 toi C'lrl < tt 1 c I
Woe nei IVI ncr il St cct r K tl
E} t r Tl c Pi
i rt 1 t Ini
1
Ro abo
Sfafl J 1 t imi her C Tolbef
Ttnden
I ylc Cnsl
HQC n ] b
ll
S i t ll
m itt r nt the post office in Lafay Cl of C nj^ress of March 3 18''9 f lot'ij.c iiovidtd for in section 11 t) r 1 Tan ary 20 1922 V ini Saturday morninzs dur t on 1 cr ois Del vered daib •=1 n I I y n ail for 60 for a n > b ol lamed at the Exponent
1 1 f i Un n
V rt k by National Advertis ( 1 I 11 sh ro Uepresentativea 420
> rk N \
t c t
L
( 'Si;i
r
i", “g r r TI* e'ee-'" /
CT TX(
''' i’gARSOH
ejs Bricicer Shar© deadlock For GOP A Possibiiify
0"
'll
t tea c a P t
mn p r ] 1 le 1
•ihr i T 1C 0
c< 1 a. r
II 1 1 - o (=“ t 1 e
c t Cl 1
%e O ■f 1 b
TO 1 f
Foe c\ 1 1 com cm 1 1 i '”10 p - ht con ll c r t \ T f
it o a
e ! c 1 1
n 1 ct ( c> I c oio ei i 111 0 I II III c
r (
p
11 ((1
1 p
A
J
t JI ll
1 M I ll
1 Otl
•onct ijtj i|oi 1 o IB Mokf ■vviiftl 1
nuclei J ( ll
d?? St / i,.c in
t il J tm c 1 >.
! llc\VlutciJr , I T IOC) r 111
Mc;e 1 liJ i( 1 us 1 Ic fio p 1 1! ll f c ll K Ju t
Mck ly ! 11
iioi tit) I ! It Q01) -lie 3 in C ep 1 Ml ion M0111 1 c t iu tLO m iPktrti Im c 1 tic i ni i <
iMtlidai bast it Ai (iciitiii i i\ i (If la\c 1 until M( ii
ddV BOOB
Bot iibf oI the fl ]a\ t M lu < 'fit lalh 1J 1 It up ll 'lu ]\t( n la 11 ( uiiii i I til i) f \ fit Aij-cntiiH i 1 (1 \1 1 I
111,. '■ unoai ll I bi ll 1 ll ii„ 1
I)() iti) (lit it 1 l M i L* uij, I I r I ithi f I t Mitli Aijiditiiia 111 kU 1 ( pif s( 1 latiuns 1 (f, u 111 thccffict on Inc JJnti ) ct ii nut po^-iti >n m J iicn is Aik
1 I JO e\clt 1 cc d (I jc niiPiit Satuulay I Dc p i tinciit 1 Ians t J i 1 IS M ould ha\ c tl c rpcnin ot b ml s
i 1 St i IJ ] It nci t ici i iijf JI malioii dn i (11 Si 1 1 n 1 ost ind put u id Si 11 Idi So the
1 n^rd ten the I inks i i( L) uis ictie ns c u K \ ( 1 file 1 n licc i 111 1 But dm , 1 ai I tl at the Stale
Musical Organizations ] [ grin A^_tf|AR it Give Super Show . . J
By LiclUiy
■IffbJw
In lit long way fiom the c c I a 0 ] lit leading GOPeib e-^c eped 011 F it i ill happen theie
i If ll 1 ki'’M 11 0 into the con-vention ^1 0 £ 1 1 of t le delegates Dewey with
1 Bi 1 £ Mth inothoi thud Then
1 ( i e c n itl
01 c Cl f feUic mil be stiongei thin ■> cici z''I 01 Oi h ehc 1 iside boy-^ knoii it ^ Vi lb cm dclcg tes fioin th'’ South
c J 1 JI h h s liiond 1 ut
el e 11 ll Reinolas foimci =ecietiiv FcJ 1 cn’’ c 1 Conn i tec was isl eel by he S ) T 0 ll out ‘^ou liein c elegatcs
c p 1 c ioi lie ^imncd Rcjnoids lo rot c 1 he ^0 toi iicbsed
1 101 c Ivci no e s stuc’ lo his i uns
I 1 (I 1 ecict in GOP ciicles loi 1 el 1 01 r f ] s cuefully con lilecl eg te 1 llhei \ ill CO into the con Id lie (f 01 ISC tic mil siviten
1 1 s of Ll 1^1 Cl Tift shifts the (. to DC d a joV^cd into tii o genei il iiiliiciscl lunistsici esented 1 y cioi d ind the liDcnl inteivcntion
W illk e ^ 0 01 ig t ( OP m eicics cnine’it f Jii ))i omise candid ite The Will ,,icins h lie c ich oth i too bilteily
■'r 1 CO Cl e If ei fc ciices 1 lutheinoic the Will I le lcs 11cqi 'll] e cad set tU u ist T ilt Pci If- 11 t 1 ic i t ic k u Cl s ll c ilieadi loot ir m ill Id J fri i m n i\ horn both sides II T c So t 1C mnn thci h ivc seiutm ^ecl mth ^if i+c c IC 1 Sen oi x’ uold Bui ton ot Ohio foi tl c t 1 1 M ioi oi ricvcland (■ i in p 1 e 1 Rcjiublic in, he led the fight of the P2 F2 1 lie 10 ip (of iihich he i\ is i inembci) ioi a non pill Si. 1 lie icsoliition ei doismg the Mos CO i. lid i nd sii n r Anieiiein policy Joi i CO PCI me 1C1CC Te i heal i loi noic ei Li item in the lutuic Argcf^fir^a iieaks With Axis Il KcsTCii (11 Ti^e ilin I IS th it onliid-ii T mu a 21 h '’i ( IJ )aitmcntiicp cd i 1 hbioinig '•tl c ( en lie dju'' qucotion of Boliiii •md Ai gc i 1X—1 fl m t icco-,n 7c ilic lieu govcinmeni ft Bo IVn a 1 1 1 n 'igcnlmiJoi intcifeiiid n Bolivia 1 lir u
II 1 I 1 c i (1 I Cl J the tied tj the
1 1 i id niJicdhm i d li mail inijiil IJ Poo eicit appioved i J III 1 J Aigenlin i hi lieczang ill I S T iihich iiould h i c been the
nc leir a none ei tal en bv this eountii igainst ll i i 11 1 1 iti n ice the G jod ]\ei.,hhQi iiolicv
\ 1 a u i 1
J t J 1 1 nt di 1 ot flinch He had been ,,0 id 11 n Ll s 1 \ Seeicii i oi ihe licasuij Moigeii la 1 1 f i) 1 ) I 101 It iievci leiKed out but
t f '1 In 11 111 101 i\ IS leadi to ciack c i 1 le&eeieiiij ji State Hull iv is
t 1 d ^ccietaii rd Stettinius \ Hull ladiocl lack th it 111 t llcic be mi moie
Satuiday night the musical organizations on campus did it again It, Referring to presenting the public with a very successful evening of entertainment The students are rathci conditioned to expecting a good performance fiom the musical groups, but Satuiday’s seemed to suipass all foimer shows m the eyes of many of the students Instead of just one highlighting feature for the evening, the show was one outstanding feature aftei another It was especially gratif J ing that most of the specialty acts were by students of the University themselves We would especially like to comment on the University oichestia It seems to be a lather univeisal opinion among the old-timers of two yeais or moie standing at the University that the orchestia heard Saturday and at a previous show can hardly be compared to the oichestia ot foimei days We wish to thank these musicians for their interest and hard work The students weie eagerly awaiting the appearance of the much talked of Purduettes The Puiduettes had a big order befoie them to lu e up to the expectations From the comments, expectations were satisfied Guest artists as well as local artists were equally well leceived which was easily displayed by the applause for moie We hope to see and heai more of them in the near futuie And to the Glee Club and University Choir, the piogram would not have been the success it was without them We are now looking foiward to the next musical progiam to feee some of Saturday’s perfoimers back again and to see what new talent AI Stewart can introduce
Swifeh Argenfine Policy Then, suddenly, on Monday morning Secietaiy Hull’s telephone lang It was U S Ambassadoi Noi man Aimoiu calling fiom Buenos Aues Aimoui told Hull that Aigentine Foieign Mimstei Gilbert had gotten up early that moining and called Aimoui to the Foieign OlRce to tell him that Aigentma had finally lesolved to bieak lelitions with the Axis Hull nut down one phone and picl ed up anothei It lias his private phone to the White House He told the Picbident what he had learned fiom Aimoui The Picsidont oideied an immediate switch of policy If All entina w is icady to mal e even a gestuie of being pio demociatic Rooseielt didn t ivant to slap her I ice So he instincted Hull to stiike out all lefeience lo Aigentma in the statement Result was i tamely II oide 1 bla'it against Bolivia alone h it undoubtedly happened was that the banks had tipped oft the Aigentines Cables had gone out to U S b ml b in South Ameiica Satuid ly and bund ly So now tne Aigentme Goveinmcnt has been able to save its si m ind continue in powei Actually how evei despite the official bie ik with the Axis diplomats dgiee that imdeicover lelations with the Axis will continue just about the bame and that the Aigentme Fascists will be busiei thin evoi stniing up anti U S feeling in BoUiii Paiagnaj Chile and Biazil NOri Ed Stettinius haid vioiking Undei Secie taiy ot State earned the ball inside the State Depait ment against the appeaseis
1
“—and with the season fox presidential candidates officially open, I think it’s high time to select a committee to throw out the first mud ”
Jiilt Looking Around
By Jack Ahbetf
Adolf Hitlqr was not kidding when he said that Europe could
have only one victor, “either Germany or Soviet Russia”. It is now apparent that Hitler will not be the victor, and this, sad as it may seem to some people, leaves only Russia, England wiU undoubtedly be an important figure thioughout the world. jBut her position will not be as important as that of Russia m Europe and Asia, and the Unji|ied PfirannnfA Arnerma, « eroMUiliiCx IMvJiea Nqrth America and the Pacific.
^ ^ Russia has long waited the Companies scheduled to visit the ixu-m
opportunity to be Europe s big
cmjipus • -I 1 i. National Beaung Metals Corp, Sister, and her very recent St Louis, Mo—Date of visit to be growth into international statehood announced Interested m ME Also has pi evented the fulfillment of this ASTP and NCTP Sign in the Per wish Russia is also the youngest sonnel Olfice by Satuiday, Pebiu possibly the most vigorous Eu-
aiy^ll ) lopean powei —If Russia IS able to recover from
These companies are not sched- stiuggle with Geimany, as far uled to visit the campus, however, population, resouices and potfn they are inteiested m students for possibilities foi a new start ^re employment concerned she will be an even great Research Fellowships and Grad- powei only a few yeays aftei the uate Assistantships in Montana teimmation of the stiUggle Befoie School of Mines, Butte, Mont Of Russia had extended her infeung leseaich fellowships and Balkans, Baltic and graduate assistantships m geology, Scandinavian eountiies This wai metalluigy mining and mmeial p^g^^jon that has Dressing Foi fuithei information jjggj^ the past by Fiance
see notice in Personnel Office
Tuesday, February 1
9 00 A M 2 15 PM 7 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 PM 8 00 P M 9 00 A M 4 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 PM
Insuiance School PWC Budge Party
lau Betn Pi
Inteivaisity 1 ellowship
Glidei Club
Reamers Gimlets Gold Peppeis
Room 363 Union Last Faculty Lounge Union Old Chestnut Room Union Room 236, Union Room 365 Union Towel Room Union
Wednesday, February 2 Insurance School Room 363 Union Racial Discussion Room 358 Union Science Semmai Room 230 Chem Annex ASME Room 317 EE Bldg
Merry-Go-Round
f moll Paiian wife oi the Siugeon Geneial is an efficient aide to Robeit Shciavood in OWI Ed Stettiniub Undci Secietaiy oi State discoveied th it ambi&sadoib letiunmg to Washington had no space 111 the State Depaitment building With one pho'ne call he fixed up a suite of six looms W ishmgton real estite agents aie evading pi ice ceilings by lecttuim^ new tenants to decoiate apaitmcnts at then own ex pense To pack cm in tightei i Washington bus diivei called out Push to the back folks and get to „(thci like you were in ehiueh Polish Pimcc Alexander Hohenloho is pioving himself i goof shot iiom the duck olinds along the Potomac Rivei Taking along a bottle of beei for bieakfast, he shoots fiom blinds of Spoilsman Paul Kite iieai Belvon The Piince s wife Peggy is step daughter of ex Ambassa doi T ony Biddle (Copviight 1944, ly United I catiue Syndic ite Inc ) that WAGS go in ioi bowling in a big w ly is dis closed by i suivey ol the women m seivice at Camp Steivait Ga Also a pietuie of the avei ige WAG is ill iwn—she IS 5 feet 4U inches till weighs 130 pounds and is 27 yeais old Aceoiding to an Fnglish piol it Ohio State Uiiivei itv the ‘ thoity thoid sticetei s lavoiite definition IS that oi a cynic ‘ de place wheie de dishes is M oished
At Iowa State College two enteipiising ods have lesiiilooted and rejuvenated an aimj jeep to use as i dclivtiy viagon m tianspoitmg hambuigeis etc to hiingiy students on week day evenings Uiiivcisitv ol Minnesota s quota dining the Touith Mai Loan diive was “iiSfi 700 -ind as of last Fiidai students had chipped in to the tune ol $38 842 80 moie th 111 $? 000 ov ei the top
Thiiteen Univeisity of Texas oi g imzations have enteied a KTBC K_^mpus Kontesi foi ihe most unique ladio piogi im in ivhich anything mil go Ihe hist piize will be i $100 wai bond Second and thud piizes will be lespectively a $50 ind $2o vvai bond The win ncis will be decided by the public Noithwesteiii Univoisity coeds uo addiesbing and mailing 8000 valentines this week to foimei stu dents now seiving in the aimed foices Red white and blue is the coloi scheme to lie used on these valentines low i Univeisity studenis have put aw ly thou snowshoes foi the vvintei It seems that Indian i isn t the only state to have an eaily spiing low i golfeis aie aheadj looking loi wild to spoit on ihe univeisity goll couise The iouith \i u loan duve on the Uniioijjity ot Tl ion (Ohio) campus M IS spect icul ilv opened when Avi itioii Student C G Snydei pui ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY fEMlSS greafesf!' hit!
chased a $1000 bond An Ameilean gill wiitmg in Ihc Outpost published by Amei leans in Biitam describes her fiist visit to i Biitish haiidiessei Aftei the shampoo she lequestod a platinum iinse The opeiatoi did not imdei stand so the Ameiican giil fiiithei explained by saying that it was a pin pie iinse Still a little dazed the I nglish opei itoi continued much to the 1 itei emb ui issment of hei custoniei loi she used stiaight piuple 1 inse ll nil the dis istious lesult that oui Ameiicin fuend had han that was just i little bit blue Eveiy thing else went smoothly aftei the Ameiicin iound that bobby pins ue leally 1 nby gups According to the Camp Muiphy Message the men it this Floiida camp wcie completely ovci whelmed lecently when Miss Lili Danuta Hollywood actiess appealed in the camp pioduction ot The Aimy, Play bv Plaj Miss Danuta had ulived unannounced and hei ap pe ll nice wis i complete sinpnse to the men It was hei fiist visit to the camp TRT AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
Sperry Products, Inc, Hoboken N J —Interested m EE with elec tionics Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Fiiday Febiuaiy 4 Placement Notes For Women Blown Univeisity Giaduate School announces a numbei of fel lowships, scholai ships and assist antships foi graduate woik m a numbei of depaitments Any stu dents mteiested may obtain furthei mfoimation at the Placement Seiv iqe foi Women 2956 Applications must be pi esented not latex than Maich 1 1944 4-H Club To Organize Next Year's Projects In oidei to oiganize foi 1944 pi ejects national 4H club mobiliza tion week will be held Maich 4 12 accoiding to Mi H F Amswoith Indi uia stite leidei Plans will be publicized thiough newspaper articles letteis ind ladio piogiams such IS The Nation il Faim and Home Horn and Youth on Pa 1 ade The pm pose of the week is to pio iide 4H membeis the oppoitiinity to chccl then cfFoits to date in help ing to win the wu ind to leaffiim then intentions of cailying goils to completion especially those pei tuning to food inoduction consei vation and health The thud nm is to ciicoinage each 4H membei to en loll one new membci E ich of the 02 counties in Indi ina has 20 oi moie clubs and the boys and gills hive then own pioj ects The home economics include canning baking clothing food piepnation and loom impiovement The agucuUuic division includes UffimsTU TODAY and TOMORROW
The Japanese Problem
Many Ameileans have expressed hoiioi at the disclosuie of the Jap anese atiocities but aie still unwilling to take that final step of total destruction, which could mean the almost complete extermination of the Japanese race There should be no hesitation m the formal accept ance oi such a plan, for it has been clearly shown that the Jap instinct IS one of death and destruction When the war finally draws to a close it might be much better if we should only have to deal with the Germans This would mean the del sti uction of a nation which certainly has given some things to the world but has taken away more tha,n it has contributed The people who think that the Japanese can be re edu cated aie in foi a veiy unpleasant suipiise when the Japanese show that they don’t want to be le edu
cated
The Japanese as a nation have been taught that the only gloiy m the woild of the living and dead is that which is given thiough self saciifice and the gloiy of then na tion This means death for them selves if they fail in then lequiied mfs'sion jnd only death to the enemy that stands m then way This doc tune his been taught for centuries ind only one geiieiation undei derp ociatic lecoiisti uction will not destroy such a doctime
ibout 25 topics such as com beef md daily c ilf pig potato, poultjiy and gaiden pioblems Projects are caiiitd on all yeai and are exhibited in the eaily tall Buy War Bonds And Stamps
TODAY and TOMORROW
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
TONE O’BRIEN mm TAMiROFF mm ANKERS hLAH mowbraj FRANK JENKS WALTER CATLETT f'’
NJinctj pci cent ot the students and i u ulty it Old i lunii Stitc Uniieisiti uc bujiiig Wai Bonds and/oi St imps c ich month F ich campus group flies a Treas ui\ Minute M in fi ig to show that it is in the fight to
llinti Ameiicin colleges have adopted the Uinvei ts oi Ciiicinniiis plan of eoopeiative cdueation vh( lebj students get not only el issioom te idling but tie tiiinl expe 1 leiice is well J ic( iides in 1 jeep weie the levaids given to Qm veisity ol Southern Cihloinia students who bought 25 cent i\ u st imps duung the opening ot the Fourth \\ It Jo 111 Di ll e
Luise Rainer-Arturo de Cordova Wiilism Bondix • Pau! Lukas Kalina Paxinou * Oscar Homolka
— and FIRST RUN WESTERN THE TEXAS RANGERS — m — RETURN or THE RANGERS — ALSO DEAD END KIDS — in — JR -G MEN or- THE AIR — PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
INVITING BALLROOM We offer yoa one of the Finest Ballrooms in Indiana to hold your parties Accommodate 300 couples An exceptional dance floor LEARN TO DANCE NEW CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS Wed Beb 9th, 7 30 P M ADVANCED Thurs Feb 10th, 7 30 P M
ALLEN^S SCHOOL OF PANGING 6th and FERRY STS LAFAYETTE
m
l»^
&Xuesday^ February 1,-1944
■v^wV 3
Wk-d^8)% suffer First iUss Td Michigan, 17-9 ■ < Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestlers suffered their first defeat oif the current campaign Saturday when they travelled to Ann Arbor to clash with a strong Wolverine squad. The score, 17-9, ‘did not show the closeness of the match, as Michigan won out talcing the final two events after the Boilermjakers had —t: 1 copped three of the first six.
ptfiifaii tahkinlii ^ Boilermakers At Atih Arbor ^3-21 With a team composed of only
DePaul Defeats Hardwood Squad 39 To 37 Grandstand Echoes I koUs On Blue Demons Bee OlH
In Conference Witt On Free Throtkrs
Tying Leaders
By Buss Lipes
Michigan got off to an early start when Eob Reichert, the Wolverine ,121-pounder, outpointed Dave Liang 6-2 to win the decision and the first match of the afternoon. Bob Gittens followed suit in his match with Casey Stengal, the Eiveters’ entry in the 128 pound clash. He won the de-
freshmen and sophomores, the Riv- cjgjpn by the score of 6-1 and this eter swimmers succumbed to a gave Michigan a six-point lead. strong Michigan team at Ann Ar- - ,, ^ L 1 X c j, what was the closest match of bor last Saturday to the tune of 63 -kt x. • , ^ , Tx- , the meet Dan Nettescheim, lone to 21. According to Coach Dick „ , j _ , , , j 1, Boilermaker veteran, eked out a 1-0 Bapanguth the tankmen showed well ... n/r- u- , t n . ^ ^ •„ decision over Michigan’s Lowell
against a team that he expects will
be conference leaders.
THE NATION’S BEST? ? ' /
We were there Saturday night and we saw in action what is regarded as the best basketball team in the nation, but we weren’t the least bit impressed. If DePaul is the best that this country has to offer, then the Boilernaaker squad is from “out of this world”. When we say that the Riveters were rooked, we mean it straight from the shoulder. That last ten seconds which the timekeeper overlooked meant the difference between winning and losing the gairte; at least the way that it had been played in the closing minutes with both teams nip and nip. We are tpld that it is bad manners to cry over spilt milk, and that ^ou can’t win a ball game in the locker room, but when the timer pulls a stunt like he did at the Stadium Saturday night, it makes your blood boil.
Bower Stars
Oberly in the 136 pound tilt. However the Wolverine team soon got
. , , p back to its winning ways again as
Chick Warrick had little trouble in disposing of Bob Armstrong to take
the 146 pound clash.
The Boilermakers, trailing 9-3 as they entered the heavier weight matches, tied the score up as they
turned in by Claude Bower. His ex ceptional diving was good enough to win a first place for the Boilermakers by a margin of over 100 points. Chuck Fries and Paul Maloi^ey of the Wolverines took the
11^0 yard freestyle and 440 respec- rallied to take the first two matches, tively. Fries’ time, less than a sec- 1^5 pound events. In
ond behind a Big Ten record, was
:52.9, while Maloney was clocked in w®’" ^y one point as he defeated the excellent time of 5:03.7. ^®°i’e® ^^® ~ , -r . e ■, . match. Hugh Wilson proved to be
Wilbert Lair, a freshman in the
THE STADIUM STINKS Speaking of the Chicago Stadium as a place to blay basketball also peeves us, as that is absolutely the “world’s worst” when it comes to basketball facilities. Here are some of the things that the Riveters had to face, as well as DePaul to whom the Stadium is home. The floor is not of regulation size; it is a high school floor, the same one that is used for the Indiana state tournament each year. This same floor is covered with dead spots, making dribbling quite a task; the backboards are not firmly supported; and what supports there are, are arranged in such a manner that any player attempting to drive under the basket for a lay-up is sure to hang himself. To top this off, the DePaul squad seemed to be composed of a bunch of hot-headed, cry-baby players who did a swell job of howling, shaking their fists and stamping the floor. We might add that such antics weren’t confined to the players; the spectators did their share of rooting, tooting and shouting. The game had hardly started until the crowd was divided into two definite factions, one for Purdue and one for DePaul, and there was no friendliness lost between them. What surprised us the most was the attitude of the fans toward George Mikan, so-called hero of DePaul. Whenever Mikan stepped up to the free throw line for a charity toss, the Stadium rocked with the boos of his fans. What price glory!
V12, took the lone second for the Riveters with excellent breaststroke swimming. Although Hansel pressed for second all the way.
no match for the Riveters’ Jack Sheppard in the 165 pound battle. The turning point of the match was the light heavyweight bout be-
he finished third in the 440 freestyle, t^®®'' ^^11®"- Michigan’s forone of the meet’s closest races. The ®^®^ conference 175 pound chamrelay team showed definite improve- P^®"- ®""®® P®^^®^- With % ment, as did the 440 and 220 swim- t'®^ 9 all, Galles pinned
mers. Having definitely improved
Porter in 7:08 and his victory was
since the start of the season, Hugh followed by John Greene’s decision Woolverton, freshman, showed him- ®]f®^ Wilson of the Boilermak-
self as top Boilermaker backstroker
in this meet.
Team Meets Wildcats here Next week end the team will meet Northwestern’s Wildcats in the home pool. The Boilermakers will be seeking to avenge the 56-28 defeat suffered at the hands of the Wildcats on January 22. According to Papenguth, Northwestern is not as strong as Michigan. He also says that the swimmers have improved since last the two teams met and Northwestern will have to swim hard to win next Saturday.
This coming Saturday afternoon the Boilermaker squad will journey to Columbus, 0., where it will be seeking its thii’d Big Ten victory as it meets Ohio State. The Buckeyes recently defeated Indiana,
18-6.
WresHing Schedule Feb. 5—Pui’due at Ohio State. Feb. 8—DePauw, here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at Northwestern.
CROWD ENJOYS IT THOROUGHLY It was easy to tell that the crowd had seldom been subjected to the type of basketball played by the Boilermakers. After sitting through the “patty-cake” game between Northwestern and the Iowa Seahawks, and acting like they were attending an opera, the fans leally let go for the Riveter battle, and what’s more they liked it. We were very much disappointed by the showing of the Northwestern team; we had understood that they had a basketball team there! Sure we would have liked to hailet won from DePaul, and don’t think that the fellows on the team didn’t want to win. They all played a hard game and there wasn’t a one of them that didn’t stand out. Even if we did lose, rest assured that the DePaul squad and their loyal followers will always think of Purdue when the word basketball is mentioned.
If It’s HAM You Want... Maybe well be able to cater to your first choice and maybe not. But whatever you order, youll get delicious food that youll really enjoy.
iPWlduSL WjumyiuxL lAmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
IM Schedules Ward and Fraternity Basketball Tuesday, February 1 Court 1—7:20, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi; 7:35, Tau-Pi-Phi vs. Tau-Sigma; 8:30, Beta Sigma Psi vs. Acacia; 8:45, Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Nu. Court 2—7:20, Phi Sigma Theta vs. Alpha Sigma Phi; 7:36, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma; 8:30, Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Chi; 8:46, Delta Tau Delta vs. Triangle. Court 3—7:20, Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; 7:35, Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Xi; 8:30, Rockets vs. Luma; 8:46, Circle Pines vs. Warnock.
Court 4—7:20, Marwood vs. Rochdale; 7:35, Doverettes vs. Hot Shots; 8-30, Owen vs. International; 8:45, Chauncey vs. Marstellar Maroons. The intramural office is in need of moie officials for the wai’d and fraternity basketball games which aie played on Tuesday and Thursday nights beginning at 7:20. Anyone interested m refereeing for these games should call the intramural office, 2875, or come to loom 111 in the Fieldhouse. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
"V Buy Her Valentine at x Sufc-fijoHL Fraternity Jewelers At Purdue
Identification Bracelets— Crested Fraternity Rings— Insignia Pins— Lockets— Charms—
113 Northwestern
Phone 2523
With Iowa, Ohio State and Wisconsin winning from their respective opponents, the Big Ten picture did not change in the least bit over the past week end. However, the Iowa Hawkeyes maintained their present hectic pace, winning their sixth straight conference game and moving up to a tie with the Riveters, who went against DePaul in a hectic heartbreaker, onlyto lose in the final minutes of play. Iowa Wins 52-40 Led by Dick Ives, whose 28 points definitely put the Hoosiers out of Iowa’s class, the Hawkeyes took Indiana by a score of 52-40 for their second straight win in as many nights; the Bloomington boys really scaring them the night before, losing 43-42. It was the fifth straight loss for the Hoosiers, who have yet to win a game in conference competition. The 28 points scored by Ives set two new Hawkeye records, since it was the highest scored in one Big Ten game and also the 14 field goals he scored was the most for one Big Ten game. Ives has set six new marks this year already and seems destined to break many more before the current season is over. Ohio State Tops Michigan In the game between Michigan and Ohio State the Ohio team won fairly easily, taking the Wolverines by the score of 52-39. The game was fairly close in the first half but the Ohio State team ran away in the second half, with Risen leading the attack, scoring 15 points, to be high scorer. King of the Wolverine squad was their chief threat, with 12 points. Wisconsin Defeats Gophers 49-30 Wisconsin rolled over a hapless Minnesota squad to the tune of 4930. It was the Gophers’ fifth loss of the season in as many conference games and put them in the class with the Indiana team. The Gophers were never in the ball game after the opening minutes as the Badgers’ Ray Patterson, Don Dick and Des Smith went to town in a scoring spiee, with Patteison sinking seven baskets to take high scoiing honors. The Northwestern-Seahawk game was anything but the game it was cracked up to be, as the Wildcats easily oveiwhelmed the Iowa team 43-35. The game was slow and extremely dull to all who had been reading press reports of the conflict to be, but the game which followed made up in part for it, as the Riveters lost to DePaul in a last minute foul shot attempt which was good. Buy War Bonds and Stamps
By Rus« Lipes, Sports Editor Chicago, Jan, 30 (Special)—Thanks to a “quick finish”' by the official timer, when the last 10 seconds of play disappeared with the wind, DePaul’s “mighty” Demons barely were able to nose out the Boilermakers in their annual cage battle 39-37 Saturday night in the Chicago Stadium. A crowd of over 11,000 fans saw the hotly contested game, the most thrilling game of the season to be played in the ^
Stadium.
It was a hard fought, rugged ball game, with the Demons confused by the hard driving tactics of the , Boilermakers, but it was the height of George Mikan which was responsible for the slim victory won by the Demons? Because of the close guarding by Steve Frazier, Jack Kennedy and Paul Hoffman, Mikan was held scoreless from the field in the first half, the only time that mis has happened in 16 games. However it was Mikan who came through in the closing minutes of the battle and utilized his height to keep the Demons ahead after Frazier and Hoffman had been ejected from the game on fouls. Boilermaker Scoring Even Scoring for the Boilei makers was fairly well divided. Charlie Haag bagged 10 points, Dennis Horn 8 and Hoffman and Kennedy had 6 apiece. Mikan was high point man for the evening with 13 points. Trailing 18 tp 16 at the half, the Riveters traded baskets with DePaul dnimg the start of the second half but cooled off and were trailing 35 to 26 with only about seven minutes of play lemaming. A sudden scoring fluiiy by Horn, Haag, Kennedy and Hoffman knotted the scoie at 36 all with two minutes to go. Fighting without reseive for the possession of the ball, both teams tallied f 10111 the field but it was Mikan’s two fiee throws which gave the Demons the final advantage to win the game 39 to 37. The summary:
Purdue Hoffman, f Kennedy, f Horn, f McPheison, f Frazier, c Haag, g Fiiend, g Walley, g Charcolla, g DePaul Deam, f Stump, f Di Beneditto, f Phelan, f Mikan, c Triptow, g Kachan, g
FG 3 3 4 0 2 6 1 0 0 18 FG 1 0 0 0 4 2 6 13
FT PF TP
4 3 2 0 4 0 3 0 0 16 FT PF TP 6 2 8
1 0 0 5 1 0 13
Seniors! Place Your Order Now!
for Graduation Caps and Gowns BOOK STORE
Across from the Union Building
Trackmen Prepared For Season Opener By Tom Somers In warming up for their first western conference competition the Riveter track team last Saturday held one of the best intrasquad meets ever ran off at the Fieldhouse. The contest gave little indication of the possibilities of the squad in the coming campaign because several likely candidates were absent, most of them being Navy V12ers. Since the time for most of the events was fairly good, it may have indicated one thing—the Riveter squad will in all probability be up in the running for the Big Ten track crown. Reds Take Whites The intrasquad duel was close all afternoon; however, the Reds continuously kept a slight advantage over the Whites. They finally came out on the long end of a 56 1-3 to 42 2-3 scoie. The Riveter trackmen, should find the going fairly easy next Saturday in their triangular meet with Chicago and NcYrthwestern. Coach Phillips will probably concentrate his best lunners against Northwestern. The Wildcats in the past have always produced good cinder teams, and this year will most likely prove no exception. With several naval training gioups on the campus as a souice of material, Northwestern should have a well balanced team. Chicago, on the other hand, has a distinct shortage of manpower. Results of Saturday’s intrasquad meet: 60 yd. dash—Lindblad (R), Harvey (W), Sigars (W). Time 6.5. Mile run—Exler (R), Ericsson (W), Haynes ("W). Time 4:26. 440 yd. run—Butts (W), Major (R), Webei (W). Time 54.8. 880 yd. run—Haynes (W), Neilson (R), Whittier (R). Time 2:02.5. 2 mile run—Mannfed (R), Peterson (W), Palmer (W). Time 9:58. 60 yd. high huidles—Findlayson (R), Steider (R), Lake (W). Time 8:01. 60 yd. low hurdles—Steider (R), Findlayson (R), Harvey (W). Time 7:15. Mile relay—Tie. Reds, Manor, Davis, Nelson, Exler; whites, Haynes, Launestein, Weber, Butts, Time 3.34. Broad jump—Findlayson (R), Schue (W), Lindblad (R). Tistance 19 ft. 11 in. High jump—Sturdevant (R), Suciu (\V), Findlayson (R), tieHeight 5 ft. 8 in. Pole vault—White (W), Suciu (W), Findlayson (R). Height 10 ft. 10 in. Shot put—Klaus (R), Suciu (W), Butts (W). Distance 45 ft. 7 in. Totals—Reds 56 1-3, Whites 42 2-3.
f
Big Ten Standings Week Ending January 30, 1944
These Are the EDS and COEDS You Reach When You ADVERTISE IN THE EXPONENT
W.
L,
Pet.
Purdue
6
0
1.000
Iowa
6
0
1.000
Noithwestein .
4
0
1.000
Ohio State
5
1
.833
Wisconsin
4
1
.667
Illinois
2
4
.333
Michigan
1
7
.125
Chicago
0
4
.000
Indiana
0
5
.000
Minnesota
0
5
.000
Cheek to Cheek, Michael O’Shea and Virginia Mayo trip the light fantabtic in an early scene in “Jack London,” Samuel Bronston production now playing at the Mars Theatre through United Artists release^' ' ’ " I* , )i:'“\4* -',
r “^V*‘' ^" ’ t jm^ 7%y '''€--"'^' '''^!
'm^ii^,-Mti^ mm
.Js
K
For Service Men, By Service Men
Tuesday, February 1, 1944
Jump Boots, Identify Our
Silver Chute Badges '^eteiVe
Second Orientation Kit
Notices
Fighting Paratroopers
From the Camp Polk, La., “Armoreader’' comes the story of the men of the skies—the United States paratroopers. This soldier may be recognized by his distinctive jump boots, para-
chute hat-patch, and the silver parachute badge worn on the f* i i I41 left breast, indicating that he has made the required number of (Jf uOuCIBSS AthBUd
jumps and has graduated from
Orientation Branch, Army Morale Services Division, has prepai’ed a second orientation kit which is being distributed to army units in this country, one kit per company, according to
WBBT llTIdQB the Camp Polk Armoreader. The new kit contains information
of several types valuable to the fighting man.
Three books prepared and published by the Infantry Journal are contained in the outfit. One
Chi Eta Epsilon; Important business meeting will be held Wednesday, Feb. 2 at 4 p. m. in room 113 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building. All be there. —HITE.
Senior M.E.’s and Aero E.’e: For thoSe seniors graduating before June, 1944, money will be collected during the week of Jan. 81 for the ’44 class pictures to be hung >» tn® M. E. and Aero Buildings. The price will M $1.00 for M.E/s, $1.20 for Aero’s, and may be paid to the Pi Tau Sigma representative in the M.E. lab or to Miss LaCavo in the -EVANS..
Caiaiyst: Important business meeting and election of officers Wednesday, Feb. 2, at 7 p. m. in Boom 111, Chemical Engineering Building. Party afterwards. Bring a car. —GAUNT.
AWS Social Committee: All members 6obie to the AWS office Tuesday or W^neSday, Feb. 1 or 2, at 4 p. m. to pick up Gold Diggers’ tickets. —PATTERSON
Kappa Dcita Hho: Important meeting o* Tuesday, Feb. 1, at 6:30 p. m. in Union, room 261. All pledges and actives ploatfe be present. —JOHNSON
the Parachute School, at Fort
Benning, Ga.
The paratrooper, one of the most carefully trained of fighting men, belongs to the airborne unit, which is designed to strike through the air; therefore, both men and equipment must come in by glider or parachute. With transportation facilities so limited airborne soldiers must be in top
Gold Diggers As Lapel Insignia
(Continued from page 1) gers, and their prospectors danced to the strains of Hal Eward’s Purduvians, who had a novelty program
It’s easy enough to see why an infantryman wears crossed rifles on his lapel or why an engineer lugs a pair of castles around on his chest.
planned. Mistletoe was used as a according to the Army Times, but
novel decoration in the Union ballroom. “Many girls called for their dates, some of whom were favored
is “The Battle Is the Payoff” by Capt. Ralph Ingersol, former editor of PM, a New York daily. This edition is a revision of the Harcourt, Brace and Co. best seller, specially prepared for the armed forces. It aims to condition the soldier for actual battle
There’s an ordinary GI cot in-far illustrate the need for proper
away Brazil, revered by a select ti^alning.
group of officers and officer candi- Another volume in the orientation
Miraculous Army Cot Sends 10 Occupants From Brazil To OCS
Gimlet Club: Final plans for the -banquet will be made at a meeting Wednesday at 7 p m. in the Sigma N* Shanty. Important that you be there. —LIPES.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Aleeting Thursday, Feb. 3, at 7:80 p. m. in the Uttibh, room 366. —NEESE
qhristian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organization to be held in the Conference Room of the Hall of Music Tuesday, Feb. 1, at 7 :30
Catalyst: Important business meeting and election of officers Wednesday, Feb, 2, 7 p. m. in room 111, Chem. Engr. building. Party afterwards. Bring a car. —GAUNT
p. m.
-^CHWANDT.
Tau Beta Pi: Pledge meeting 7 p. m. Tuesday, Feb. 1, in Old Chestnut Room (231) of the Union. —EVANS.
Gimlet Club: Final plans for the banquet will be made at a meeting Wednesday. Feb. 2, at 7 p. m. at the Sigma Nu shanty. Im« 'portant that you be there. —LIPES
what about the woman’s head worn
by the WAGS ?
The WAG is the newest unit in „ , ,,,
by corsages of vegetables which states Armv but the fr "“‘7.' Another volume in the orientation
airborne soldiers must oe in top they carried with them. Goedswere of the lanel insi’nia worn kit is the Infantry Journal edition of condition and prepared for long ^een in the Sweet Shoppe ordering by the ladies dates all the way back Se sXm SL oLh^To KeT^^ “Psychology for the Fighting Man,”
just whatever the boys desired ... - - -
several sororities served dinners.” So far the ball has always been
Activities Bureau Juniors and Sopho" mores: Report to office at 4 p. m* on Tuesday, Feb. 1. ■“ —JONES
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Thursday, Feb. 10, in room 263 of the Unibn immfediately after Debris picture is taken at 7:80 P;^m. —MINER
, rn 1 i.1. 1 “ written by a committee of the Nato Greek mythology. Flying, published for Miami Research Gouncil, collaboratWAG Symbol Is Athena ^each personnel of the AAF. ^ig with Science Service. This book The goddess mounted on the gold- A few months ago at Natal the designed for service men of all en disks of the insignia was Pallas man then occupying the cot was or- ^-anks in all services who want to
hours of marching.
Organization Impossible
Sometimes after landing and
reaching their equipment, which has held on Friday night; at first the
.Iso come down by parachute, para- traditional color scheme was black ^ ^ ^ ^ ..physical and men troopers find it .mpossible to organ, and gold, but the bachelors one t,” "InTtatio™ even bette” than
Zeus, king of Greek gods. Some in and shortly afterward his orders of the ‘military experts’ claim
„ ““7’'roving reporter told Zeus that came through for a try at the com- know the nsvcholoe-v of our enecrouDs For this reason glider took the place of the simpler idea, , . j - „ . . , , t-. .,1. • Know rne psycnoiogy oi oui ene f P . bi, nltbono-h tKp inohi idea alwavd; re Athena would be a gild, and Since he missioned ranks. Four others in a„ the nreface states it. troops which have the advantage of although the mam idea always le- ^ succession met the same fate,
being able to land in groups and mained.
Hsotmbomaebtcd
On October 23, 1936, at which Ted
Neiing piovided the nmsic, Gold gallant action and fixed things not superstitious, but believes that Diggeis panted over their newly ^eus got a ter- bed has something more than
War Department Adopts New Song
Senior MB’s and Aero E’s: For those seniors graduating before June, 1944, money will be collected during the week of Januara' 31 for the ’44 class pictures to be hung in the ME and Aero buildings. Price Will bo $1.00 for ME’s, $1.20 for Aero’s, and wmy be paid to the Pi Tau Sigma representative in the ME lab or to Miss LaCavc in the ME office. —EVANS
For Army Nurses
ize themselves into combat teams night of bliss” became such an im and have to fight it alone in small portant affair that elaborate themes
carry heavier equipment are used. Gliders are towed in by transports, are then cut loose from nylon towropes near the landing point and make their way to the ground soon afterward. Proper balance of the heavy load of the frail glider is extremely important and requires con-
siderable skill.
Airborne Men Dislike Questions A warning to curious civilians is thus stated: “Airborners aren’t usuaUy worried about etiquette, but is a serious faux pas to ask a glider man whether he actually jumps out of a plane or to ask a paratrooper is he really wears those pretty shoes when he jumps. For the record the answer to the first question is no; to the second, yes.”
out and swallowed up his wife, un- or good fortune, born child and all. Bed Really Is Mystic
But the other gods disapproved of OC Malcolm E. Boon claims he is
V. C. Meredith Club Hears Pic. Mazzio Talk On Designing
Pfc. Mazzio, a WAG who was foimerly a designer of clothes, spoke at the Virginia C. Meredith Glub meeting held yesterday in the Home Ec auditorium She is stationed at the WAG reciuiting office m Lafayette. Pfc. Mazzio, who also taught in a vocational high school for girls in New York Gity, spoke on the subject, “Gommercial Dressmaking.” She said that she first began woik as a stenogi’apher and then decided to become a designer. She worked up in the trade gradually through a wholesale house. After 13 years’ work in night school she received hei; degree of master of arts. She has been in the WAGS for four months. Following the meeting, mgmbers of the club voted for their new officers. Voting will be continued today in the lobby of the Home Economics Building.
elected “God’s gift to women.” This idea took hold until now almost a dozen beautiful males belong to the “Hsotmbomaebtgd,” or the honorable society of the most beautiful of men as elected by the Gold Diggers. Some of these “most eligible bachelois” are Bob Wilson, who said “Gee”; Jim “Tweezer” Barr, who said, “It ain’t right,” and handsome John Petty, who didn’t have to say
anything.
October 14, 1938, was the last paper in which a list of cliapeiones foi the ball appealed; included were Dean Stratton, Misses Coolidge, Hazelton, Schleman, Houghton, Fiazer and all housemothers. This date, too, marked the first appealance of the oft-returned Dick Cisne and his orchestia. Gockeyed Gorsages, Gonvoys Elaboiate dinners usually preceded the GD's ball and historymaking coeds have conveyed their eds to the dance in moving vans, GGC tilicks, little led wagons, street cleaner caits, old fashioned carnages hiied from the stable, roller skates, bicycles, Egyptian litters, ambulances, hacks, etc. Gorsages have been made from pop caps, gailands of flowers, dog biscuits, dust mops, kitchen utensils, kewpie dolls, lights and even $10 bills. Astonished villageis even became used to seeing the gold diggers burdened with shaving kits, brushes, typewriters, hats, gloves, combs, etc. Cleverest of the backdrops was the one used November 8, 1940, in which a platinum blond Queen Elizabeth gallantly spread her cloak m a mud puddle for Sir Walter Raleigh. The yeai 1942 marked the first time the ball was not formal. We went back to the green and asked Jenkins, that’s our city editor, if he would like to go piospecting
with us.
lific headache and called up old Vul- springs and thin mattress, can out of the bottom of Mount “i waited for two more occupants Etna to relieve him. Vulcan hauled of the cot to be sent to Transportaoff and tapped Zeus over the head tion and Anti-Aircraft OCS,” says with a sledge hammer and out Boon, “and then I grabbed the bed popped Athena, “full panoplied,” as foi myself, the story books have it, “from the Cot Comes Through
brow of Jove.” .love Is Zeus
This confusion is straightened out when one remembers that Jove is
Zeus.
Athena was a chaiming giil, Zeus got to like her and giew quite proud
“Though I figured myself about 15th on the list for appointment to OCS the bed came through. I was promoted and ordered to OCS at Miami Beach within a month.” The pay-off is that the man who followed him as occupant of fhe
of her talents as goddess of counsel charmed couch has wiitteii that he, and forerunner of victory. The lat- too, has been chosen for officer ter tiait is probably why members tiaining.
of the Women’s Army Corps top
off their uniforms with her image.
Ag Sessions Draw Large Attendance
Total attendance count for the three-day agricultural conference
Canners Convention To Discuss Problems Of Tomato Raising
Waitinio problems of processing
which was held at the University tomatoes will be emphasized when
on January 11, 12 and 13 was 2798 persons, according to W. F Graham, superintendent. This is 20 more than last year’s total. Every county in the state except Floyd and
Ohio weie repiesented.
The usual attendance contest was not held this year, but tabulations of attendance figures of comities grouped into legions according to their distances fiom Lafayette showed that Clinton, Marion, Lake
the Indiana canneis and fieldmen meet m the Union on Febiiiary 8
and 9.
Vai ious University staff members will discuss home seeding and home
lines," as the preface states it. Some of the subjects covered in “Psychology for the Fighting Man” are: Psychology and combat, how men meet defeat, moi’ale, fear, ru-
mor and camouflage.
“Report on the Army” is the last of the three volumes. This contains leprints of the biennial reports made to Secretary of War Stimson by Gen. George C. Marshall, chief of staff, from July 1,
1939, to June 30, 1943.
In addition to the books, the second orientation kit contains two maps and three pamphlets. One map IS a polar projection of the world and the other is a Far East mapj showing the Pacific war zone. Attempting to show the soldier just what his enemies are like, “How Stiong Is Japan” tells in pamphlet form some of the most important facts about the Japanese army and their economic system. The other pamphlets aie meant to acquaint him with important facts about his
own army and economics.
“Facts You Want to Know About the WAG” is a discussion of the members of the Women’s Army Corps, their pay, officers and quali-
fications.
The last pamphlet is concerned with the value of lend-lease in the war, describing its operation and its influence on all phases of the struggle. This pamphlet is a good example of the aimy’s training program,
“Song of the Army Nui’se Corps” has been adopted by the Army Nurse Corps as its official anthem, the War Depai’tment announced, according to the Scott Field Broadcaster. The song was introduced for the first time to radio audiences Saturday, January 22, as part of the “Army Service Forces Present” program. The song was written by Lou Singer and Pvt. Hy Zaret under the supervision of Capt. Harry Salter, op' the Music Committee, Special Services Division, Army Service Forces.
Undergroduato Dames Club: There will be a "mixed party’’ for the members and their husbands on Saturday, Feb. 29, at 8 p. m. at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Richdrd Goodcmote. —MYERS
SDX: A very special meeting will be held Sunday, Feb. 6, at 11:46 a. m. in the Chestnut Room. Dinner will precede discussion meeting. Faculty actives and pledges are invited. —MURPHY
Tau Beta Pi: Pledge meeting Tuesdby. Feb. 1, at 7 p m. in Old Chestnut Room (231) of the Union. —EVANS
All Students: A discussion on “Racial Relations” will be held on Wedneseday, Feb. 2, at 4 p. m. in room 358 of the Union, sponsoi ed by YWCA. All students are invited. —PETERSON
ASME: Prof. C W Caldwell will speak at the ASME meeting on Wedneseday, Feb. 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 317 of the BE building about "Electronics in Industry”. His lecture will be accompanied by exhibits and demonstrations of electron tubes. i —davidon
The official song of the Chaplain Corps, “Soldiers of God,” was also written by Pvt. Zaret in collaboration.
Aeromodelers: Regular meeting Wednesday, Feb. 2, room 86, Union sub-basement at 7 :30 p. m Motion pictures of radio-con-trolled model will be shown. —QUINN
Words of the Nurses’ song are: “We march along with faiths undaunted Beside our gallant fighting men. Whenever they are sick or wounded We nurse them back to health again. As long as healing hands are wanted You’ll find the nurses of the Corps. On ship or plane Or transport train, At home or on a far-off shore, We do our paiT, with loyal heart, To the Army and the Army Nurse Corps.”
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding raaohines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeo-
sold, rented, repaired and purenased. Mimeograph work done. C P. Ebershoff, 605 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779,
Waiter Openings: Three meals a day plus $5.00 per month for Witer service. Inquire at Delta Gamma borority. Heilman.
Wanted—Three issues of Sexponent which appeared at SDX Winter Carnival. Urgent. Get in toucli with Lee, Exponent Advertising Dept.
grown tomato plants, getting the which attempts to educate the sol-
most f 10111 fertilizer, and southerngiown tomato plants. H. J. Reed, dean of agricultuie, will address the group on “Getting the 1944 Job Done.” The farm labor situation will be reviewed by J. B. Kohlmeyer,
dier to undei stand what he is fighting for and not just how to fight.
DeKalb and Gibson counties each supervisor of emergency farm
led in their respective districts
Buy War Bonds
labor on the University staff. PYaser to Speak At the final session Roscoe Fraser, University extension specialist,
will describe “Picking Tomatoes with the Aid of the New Red Ripe Indicator.” The meeting will close with a round table discussion led by Heibert Eickhoff of Indianapolis. During the conference the 1943 state champions will be honored.
Peter Anderson Co.
AFTER YOU 525 Alabama St.
WE COME FIRST Phone 4048
lAjuucxjdhd.
Buy War Bonds
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
• Southworth’s
Qnjosmiffyif ^koMnoL Snhb!
y
This Week Only
Substantial Reductions On' Costume Jewelry— Closeout on "House of Alden" Cosmetics— Coventry Ware— Pictures of All Kinds— Crystal— Figurines— Games— BiUlolds (limited supply)— Ankle Socks—8-8V2
}sM
ShopL (Downstairs )
Souihworth’s •
BUY WAR BONDS The Best Investment in the Wnrld!
(fk^iruAhm^ k^B
fit-
■’!' - 3..- if, ^