VOLUME XLVII
. . . .
New Student,
Bids For Second Go-ed ^Residence Now Open
increased Use Of Ciampus Drives, Carelessness Responsible For New Traffic Rules Student: dnving on campus roads will be prolii^ited^ after Monday morhing, according to an “Executi ve Memora-ndum’-which was distributed in minieograph frojpii to organizations during the holidays. The move has been coht^plated by the faculty and administration for some tinie due to hear-casual-
ties which have been reported. Several weeks ago the plan was submitted to the Student Senate by R. B. SteWart, controller. The new ruling met disfavor with this student group, declaring that the need for such legislation was not
yet evident.
The complete ruling, as set forth in a letter by the President, fol-
lows:
Because of the increased use of the campus drives and walks, with the attendant congestion and the danger from increased carelessness to all using these thoroughfares, it has become necessary to enforce the following regulations for the preservation of safety, effective January 13, 1936: 1. Student cars may not be driveh on campus drives except as listed below, unless the student is accompanied by his parent or guardian. Students driving cars in viola,tion of any of these regulations will be charged a traffic fee of $6.00 for each offense. This fee will be assessed when the violation is reported and the student will be notified of the charge. The fee must be paid within five days after such notification or the student will be dropped from his University classes until he pays the fee of $6.00, together with a charge of $2.00 for late payment. 2. " From 7:30 A. M. to 6:00 P. M. daily except Saturday afternoons and Sundays, student cars may be (Continued on page 4)
Bids for the construction of a second unit for housing University women were opened at a meeting of the board of trustees on Friday, December 20, but no -final decision was rea,ched. Due to the lack of a quorum at this meeting, it was adjourned until Saturday, at which time the members met at Indianapolis. This Was the first time that a meeting had been held outside the
eity of West Lafayette.
Another meeting of the board is scheduled for January 16, at which time the project will again be
placed under consideration.
Ag Leaders To Gonvene Here
Expect 6,000 At Annual
Indiana Conference
Agricultural leaders from Indiana and the midwest area are due to gather at Purdue during the week of Jianuary 13-17 for the annual Indiana Agrictultural Confer-
ence.
Over 6,000 are expected to attend the seven sessions, which, according to University ag staff members, will be “the biggest and best farm conference ever held in the United States”. Registration Registration is to begin Monday morning in the Union Building. Monday afternoon the first general session will be opened by President Elliott. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, University engineering consultant, and Frank M. Watson, head of the University Housing Program, are to be the principle speakers for the initial session. Activities Will include many novel exhibits. Among these a portable sawmill and new type tractor for its operation, a display of cuts of meat wjhich have been damaged showing results of improper shipping conditions, and movies of European farm conditions are outstanding. ' Live Stock Show Monday evening a live stock show and stunts at the Livestock Pavillion will capture the spotlight, Tuesday afternoon Louis Taylor, president of the Indiana Farm BuContinued on page 4)
Parfitt Presents Paper To SAB On jButter Oospora Dr. E. H. Parfitt has returned from New York City where iie at tended the annual meetings of the Society of American Bacteriolo gists. At the meeting he served as chairman and discussion leadef of the symposium on the EscherichiaAerobacter group of microorganisms in dairy products. He also presented a paper on “Types of Oospora Pound in Butter”. Dr. Parfitt was elected vicechairman of the agricultural and industrial section of the society and in 1937 will be advanced to chairmanship. He aided in bringing the society to Indianapolis for its 1936 meeting.
Deah A. A. Potter Elected President Of American Engineering Council
Chinese Sc hoo Is Rate Purdue High
The position of Purdue in Chinese educational affairs is illustrated by the National Tsihg Hua University, where the president, Y. C. Mei, is a Purdue graduate (B. S. M. E. 1925), and the dean of engineering, Y. H. Ku, also is from Purdue (B. S. M. E. 1916). Upon, his appointment, as president in 1928, Mei was widely heralded as the youngest university president the woi;ld. The institution over which these men preside has an interesting his tory. Founded in 1909 as Tsing Hua College, its function was to prepare students for study abroad and nearly a thousand Tsing Hua men have received the benefit of European and American training. In 1928, it was recognized as a National University and has four constituent colleges: arts, science, law, and engineering. Present enrollment is over one thousand. its publications are bilingual, Chinese and English and those received recently at Purdue are on good quality paper with illustrations of good quality. The engineering equipment shown is modern and indicates ample facilities both for instuction and for basic research At Purdue we may well keep watch on the fortunes of Tsing Hue, located in the turbulent ayea of Peiping.
Dr. Elliott On Committee
Pres. E. G. Elliott has been named an active member of the National Advisory Committee oh Radio in Education. The committee which is making an extended study of radio in education maintains its headquarters in New York.
Plan Indiana
Mayors, Police Chiefs To Discuss Traffic Problems In Union
A two-day educational conference on traffic and sa,fety will be held here this week opening with registration in the Memorial Union Building at 8:30 on Thursday morn: ing. The purpose of this conference is to attempt a greater controlling of traffic and to reduce the loss of life and property. The program has been so drafted as to be of interest to mayprs, police officials, teachers, motor clubs, and others interested in traffic and safety problems. This meeting will be open to the public. ' , Data' ■ The data for the planning of local and state-wide safety programs will be gathered under the general supervision of a nationally known safety expert. Lieutenant Franklin M. Kreml, on leave of absence as head of the Bureau of Accident Prevention of the Evanston, Illin ois, police department. For speakers of this first meeting, the Public Safety Institute has endeavored to secure the most authoritative men available in the countey. For registration, copies of the program or other information, address: Director, Public Safety Institute, 203 Administration Building, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana.
Ballroom To Have New Maple Floor
A temporary north wall will be built in the ballroom of the Union when the addition which is now under construction nears comple tion. The Wall will be erected in order that the activities scheduled for the ballroom will continue without interruption. When the addition is under roof and is connection to the present structure, the floor of the old ballroom will be torn up and a new maple flooring will be laid in both the old and the new parts. Although sub-zero weather sus pende^d activities for two days during (Christmas vacation, the contractor has been pushing the project for an early completion. It is hoped that the addition will be completed before the scheduled date for the prom—April 17. If it is not finished, it will necessitate the postponement of that dance.
Dean A. A, Potter, of the Univer-r sity school of engineering',: will assume the position of president of the Aiherican Engineering Gbuhcil for 1936 and 1937 at the annual meeting of the council to be held in Washington, D. G., January W end 11. He will Succeed J* F* '6oleman, of New Orleans. The presidency of the. council will be tbe highest honot Dean Potter lias been awarded. He is a graduate of M. I. T., was awarded a doctor’s degree in the University, engineering at Kansas jState College, where he later became dean of ehgmeering, has been professor of power engineering, land director Of the engineering experiment station at this University since 1920, besides holding the positions of president of the A. S. M. E., the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Educa tion, the Indiana Engineering Society, and the Kansas Engineering Society at different times in the past. He has written several text books including “Farm Motors”, “Elements of Steam and Gas Power ”, “Engineering Tbermodynamics”, besides over three hundred magazine articles.
Senior Men To Hear Lecture
Dr. Eliaabeth ;K. Strauss WiU Speak Thursday Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss Will present the last of the series of six marital lectures Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock before senior men in the lecture room of the Education Building. In the rating which followed the series of lectures in former years. Dr. Strauss was voted one of the most popular speakers of the entire program, and the largest turnout of the season is expected for this talk. This is the third consecutive year that she has presented her talk at Purdue. Two weeks ago. When Dr. Crockett spoke before the senior men, approximately 540 Were in attendance. Seniors of former years have been supplied mimeographed forms on which to rate the various speakers. Due to the inconsistency of the audiences this year, a new plan will be attempted. Each senior will be asked to turn in, on a slip of paper, the names of the lecturers which he heard, and to list them in the order of their merit, in his opinion. In this way, ratings will be obtained only On those lectures which were attended.
es, 36-27
J. L. Van Camp To Speak On. Aerial Photograpliy Aerial photography as applied to mapping forest areas will be discussed tonight at a meeting of the Purdue Forestry club by J. L. Van Camp, new member of the forestry staff. The meeting is scheduled to begin at 7 and will convene in room 301 of the Horticulture Building. Officers for the coming semester will be chosen. Mr. Van Camp was a member of the vGanadian Forest Service from 1922 till 1926. After three years as forester and pathologist at the Dominion Forest Nursery station at Indian Head, Saskatchewan, he came to Michigan where for a similar period he had complete charge of the Michigan state forest nursery at Lansing.
G. C. Furnas, ^22, Writes Foremost Book Of Jan. On Future Of Science
Police Nab Bankrobber
Capt, Bob Kessler is High Scorer Playing a scorching game of basketball the Boilermakers canie from behind in the last h^f of iheir opening Big tilt to hand Ohio State a, sound 36 to be^ing. A ^54 people saw their home squad receive its first defeat of ^ It was cimvd to attend an Ohio State game in several
years.'
Ohio State led during a great part of the game. Paced by Whitlinger, forward, and Thomas, center, the Buckeyes held a lead of 24 to 19 about midway in the final period, when Coach “Piggy” Lambert substituted Glen Downey, stellar forward of last season, into the lineup at one of the guard posts. DoWney scored four field goals during the latter part of the last half to put the Lambertmen in the lead. Kessler High Scorer Capt. Bob Kessler was high point scorer with five field goals for a total of ten points. He was closely followed by Young, who sunk three field attempts arid three free throws for a total of nine, and- DoWriey, who accounted for eight points. Whitlinger was outstanding for Ohio State with two field buckets and four free tosses for a total of eight. The Boilermakers missed several free throw attemptsj^, however, with Kessler failing to\ count on any of his four chances from the foril line. Purdue showed marked ability at retrieving the ball off the backboard, and Elliott handled the center position adeptly, gaining the tip-off during the major part of the
game.
Williams Will Speak G. D. WHlianis, instructor in the departmeiit of English, will speak tomorrow night at 7:30 before Theta Alpha Phi in the reception room of the Union. His subject will be “Photography in the Theatre”. This meeting was originally scheduled for tonight.
“The Next Hundred Years: The Unfinished Work of Science”, by C. C. Furnas, Yale University professor arid Purdue ^aduate of 1922, has been selected as the outstanding volume for the month of January by the Book-of-the-Month Club. Recently reviewed in “Time” magazine, nearly a full page is devoted to the book. Dr. Furnas, after viewing the Century of Progress exhibits praising the accomplishments of man, decided to write a book, not about the fair, but about the multitude of questions which it did riot answer, the problems not yet solved. He displays a vast store of information in fields other than his own, and in a casual lucid style, examines the way in which tomorrow’s world may be fashioned. Review The review in “Time” goes on to say that some matters like television and smoke elimination are already overdue. While others such as the synthesis of living matter and the explanation of old age may not be realized for thousands of years.:' /'' “The flint-makers,” quoting from his book, “of the stone age knew as much about the cause of old age as any Nobel prize winner. * * 'The biologist does not hold the key to really fundamental knowledge. He must wait upon the work of the biochemist. Meanwhile we keep dying and he writes theses "upon the sex life of the eai'thworm.’ ”
CapliireClareiice Sekenia After Wrecks Recov-
er $1,766 Loot
state police succeeded late yesterday afternoori in capturing Clarence Sekema, who held up the Farmers’ National Bank at Brookston yesterday about 1:30. After stealing a car at a sale at the Morehouse farm near BrobkstOn, Sekema drove into town and parked near the bank. Entering the bank, he forced Miss Jessie Alkire, assistant cashier, who was alone at the time, to remain quiet while he gathered up all the loose currency. After leaving the bank, Sekema drove west for about ten miles, where he vn:ecked the stolen car. Police trailed him to the home of his father, and after capturing him recovered the stolen money which
amounted to $1,766.
Sekema is twenty years of a^
and lives with Ws parents about
eight miles from Brookston. Lafayette and West Lafayette
police cooperated with the state, police in making the arrest. “Heavy Herm” Wright, member of the West Lafayette force, provoked a number of students by stopping them at the bottom of the hill and peering into their cars to see if
they were the bankrobbers.
Dr. A* P. Hoelscher ChE Staff
Dr. Arnold P. Hoelscher has beeu appointed assistant professor of metallurgy in the school of chendical engineering. He obtained his degree of bachelor of science from Iowa State College in 1923. He carried out graduate work-" at the University of Pittsburgh and Iowa State College obtaining his doctorate from the latter institute in 1930 majoring in physical chemistry. His thesis “The Effect of Manganese and Sulfur on the Rates of Malleablization of White Cast Iron” has had much to do with shortening the cycle in the manufacture of this important industrial alloy. He Will offer courses in metallography, physical metallurgy, heat treatment, and electro-metallurgy. He has had practical experience in the malleable iron industry with the E. 1. DuPont de Nemours Company as well as in research and testing work with the United Stetes A^y at the Rock Island Arsenal. For the past four years he has been head, division of metaUur^, University of Iowa.
Charles Ahlgrimm, C. E. ’34, has just accepted a position as engineering aide vnth the U. S. Government Waterways Experimental Station at Vicksburg, Mississippi. The work involves erection of scale models of various sections Of the Mississippi River on which floods are studied to determine correctional methods.
DEBRIS PICTURES
All seniors who have not had their Debris picture taken, please appear at the Debds office between 8 a. m. and 5 p, m. Thursday, Jan, 9. Please wear dark clothing. f
UniyCThity Co-ed Leadeirs Visit Soiitiieni Univefsitii^ During the Christmfte hblid^te Dr. Dorothy C. Stratton, desA of women, and Miss JEIelen Eeblems^ director of the.Woiaaen’s Residence Hall, to<dc a motor trip through the south. They spent some time visit- ^ soathem colleges and mdvaesities, ittduding the Universi^ of Tennessee, at Knoxville; Southern College, at Lakeland, Fla.; and Rol. has College, Winter Park,
I
'tiMember ot Nstiohal College Press Association, Bfe Ten Editorial Association ExcInsiTeto Kesresentod by National Advertising Service, Inc. - ;■ • . 420 Madison Avenne,,Netv:-York;Eity;,;w,L-i - Entered as second class matter at the jpost oiffioe, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by "mnil ^.60 per year; delivered by carrii^ $2,50 per year ; sold by sihglCcoiiy, 2 cents. -j '■'.i ' ■ , ■■ MAIN OFPICE-^12 North Fifth Street fesihees Phone BOSS Editorial ThOn^ HOST Daily Student Pablicatipn of Purdue Umiversity ^
Editor-in-Chi^.. Managing Editor..
EDITO^L STAFF
..H. V. Heuser ..a n. Campbell
.A. M. chasten, C. M. Hardih,
Associate Editors..... ........ . . .
W. T. Hnnt, E. a Morris, M. G. Walthe^
Sports Editor. i.... J)I. E. Hays Associate Sports Editors..........—....JO. F. Mull, R. a Walpole, L. D. Wood Sophomore Assktants——...........JK. A Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. L. Oribb, A; a Forster,
C. Bfairper, Jr., M. Kohri R. P. Manioh, Di M. Meaicham, G. L. Sadler ' 6. F. Roquemore, a C. Schenck, J. L.. VoriHars!
Bold and Black Editor....— ... ... ............. ...W. a Abbott
Bnsiness Manager.. Advertking Matiager.. Adveitking Assktants..
BUSINESS staff
..W. A. Koch • ,..a F. Antonirii
..L. a Brown, B.'Creek, D. C. Miller
Tuesday, January 7, 1936.
Issiae Editor—E. L. Cribb.
Still Another Honor With the election of Dean A. A, Potter to the presidency of the American Engineering Council, this distinguished head of
It was not long ago that Dean Potter received another outstanding recognition when he was elected head of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. His other achievements and honors j^re too numerous to enumerate. - At Si^a Delta Chi’s Leather Medal banquet last year, "Dean Potter put forth an argument in a private conversation which indirectly revealed, at least partially, the reason for his rise to the peak of the ladder in his chosen profession. The conversation concerned the introduction of another non-tech-nical course for freshman engineers. Dean Potter said that it was not necessary, because anyone wishing information on this subject could educate himself by self-directed study. And so it has been with him throughout his life; studying when the opportunity presented itself and not depending on the direction or stimuli of others. His life which has been devoted to engineering and the height to which his efforts have taken him should serve as an inspiring example for the odd thousands of ‘‘engineering possibilities” that enter Purdue every year.
All Chicago-street cars bear the sign: “Do not put heads or arms out open windows.” No instructions are given concerning closed ones.
Doubtful Legislation
The Eoosevelt administration is by no means the first to pass laws which were later declared unconstitutional, but it is probably the first to pass such laws when sound advice has warned that they were beyond judicial acceptance. Such farreaching measures as the ex-NRA, AAA and the Guffey Coal Act, declared to be probably unconstitutional by the Democratic party’s own legal advisors, have been passed just be^ cause they had the backing of the administration. This seemingly inexcusable practice has been condoned with the statements that perhaps these laws may do their work before they are voided. To the practical man, this indicates that the constitution must be out of date, no longer a good guide for the country’s policies. And the only thing to do with an antiquated tool such as many claim the constitution to be, is to modernize it or get a new one. The former can be accomplished by amendment ; the latter only by a complete reorganization of our governmental system. That the New Dealers have niade no efforts to thus rectify the constitution, and, indeed, have stated that they do not intend to do so at present, seems to indicate that they are afraid that a large number of Americans feel that the reversed document is still the backbone of the nation. Yesterday the Supreme Court checked off the AAA from the list of would-be legislation, and rendered one of the most momentous decisions of the present political era. The effect of the court will be felt in every quarter of the nation, and it leaves the new Congress with another puzzle. The problem becomes increasingly intriguing as the presidential campaign becomes closer.—^W. T. H.
Honesty begins after the fortune has been made.ogenes Rosenblatt.
-Di-
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Conversationalists, Handshakes,. ■ And Jobs (The Daily Illini) . . “In America conversation is a game played with rules differing from England’s. It is not tennis, in which you return the other fellow’s service, but golf, where you go on hitting your own ball. It might be defined as a tyranny of anecdote tempered by interruption,” says Raymond Mortimer in the New Statesman and Nation, according to the Reader’s Digest. Mr, Mortimer, it is to be feared, has pretty well hit the n^iil on the head. In these days of progress it would seem that Conversation has joined thq other lost arts. To most of qs, a\ brilliant conversationalist is one who refrains from interrupting qur flow of words. It takes so much more effort to keep silent than it does to keep the words chasing each other. But if you should ever achieve the American idea of a brilliant conversationalist (the interested nod, half-smile, and complete silence except for “your’re right”) just think how popular you would become. While on the subject of popularity the mention of the art of handshaking is entirely apropos. It would seem that the common idea of the handshake is that it is very necessary qvil. You must shake hands with the person you are being introduced to even if he is in the midst of giving the dog a bath in flea soap. If you must, you must, and the best thing is to do it gracefully. There are two particularly obnoxious hand shakes—the “wind-mill” and the “how-are-you I’m-about-to;die.” The first is dangerous to the physical body of the receiver, the second is dangerous to the giver because it arouses the receiver’s caveman instinct to assist you. The moral of this editorial is: when going out for a job don^t hog the show, and present a heandshake that feels as though you were a healthy animal—governed by restraint.
_ ^
Why didn’t I write those two term reports, six mechanical lab reports, and a thesis over the holidays???? Don’t yon know? No! Well, the music went round and
round
The first contrib of the new year; “Whafs that racket over there?” “Oh, Justus Rising. . . .” —Joe Punner. . Snatches from a telephone corlyersation between an Ed and bis locatgal.". . V: ■ Hi honey!. Did you miss m'e, ' Like I missed you? Did you sit still With nothing to do? Did you drink cokes And bum your smokes. And go to bed With an aching head, And get up late Without a date?
NO!,:.,
You had a good time . . . But, really T don’t, mind . ; . “Cause the music goes Round and round . .. Whoo-o-o-o-o- whoQ-o-o-o- ...” Social Briefs—-“Lulu Morin is back in town.” Hold your hats, boys ... The music goes round and round should be a Broken Record. . . . The Theta’s take first place in the Christmas pin round-up with three catches. They include Strad-ling-Moore; Harrison-EllsWorth; oh, and parloh-craig. The Pifis, Kappas and Alpha Chis tied for second place with one apiece . , . Meier,Mankin;= Abbott-Ulrey; Pre-vo-Macy, The Chi Os and Alpha Xis take the booby prize with a blank score. ...
paper before the school closed for the holiday there was featured a woodcut depicting a rubicund Sania, Claus presenting the University with the Administration Building and the Union addition.
Too late to be included in the picture was an anonymous donor’s gift of $70,000, which will be' used to construct a second unit in the project for housing University women. The proposed structure, which will be placed north of the two wings of the Women’s Resi denee Hall, will accommodate 72 Yesidimtsv. .:
Just how badly heed^ this unit is may not be generally-knoiyn, but the figures quoted iii this columij. and compiled by the; office of the de&n of women give factual evidence of the pressing heed for better housing conditions. There are now 776 women students enrolled in the University. Quoting from the dean’s report: “When the graduate students, special students, and students living in their own homes are eliminated from the total . . , there remains a total of 497 undergraduate women to be housed by the University and community. Of this number, 131 (26%) are in houses directly under University supervision. (Women’s Residence Hall—122, Cooperative
House—9).
“An additional 121 (24%) live in sorority houses. Two hundred and forty-five (60%) live in private homes and with relatives. In other words, the private homes are still housing as many women as the University and the sororities combined.”
What, then, is the nature of these private houses, numbering 100? These figures show their Capacity:
No. of houses 2
Capacity 10 6-10 3-5 1 or 2
Hoosiers Partieipate In 4"H Club Radi® Prngrain Two Hoosiers took part in the National 4-H club road broadcast heard over the NBC network January 4 from 11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.. Central Standard Time. Miss Mary Wein, Purdue freshman in home economics, one time national 4-H club champion, who lives near Montmorenci, spoke on the subject “The Training of the Heai’t in 4-H Club Work”. The other Hoosier, Mrs. Rosanne Armstrong, a local leader in 4-H club activities in St. Joseph county, furnished the other talk of the morning, speaking on “4-H Club Work Promotes Good
Health”.
These last 78 students are comparatively isolated from normal campus life, with little opportunity
for group life.
The office of the dean of women makes a survey of these homes, including an inspeetion, which is, unfortunately, rather superficial when it comes to the electric wiring, the roofing, and fire hazard conditions, all of which required specialized inspection. As far as is known, however, no other university in the country does a complete and thorough inspection of its similar facilities.
Miller To Show Movies On Disease Today At 4 A three reel motion picture, ‘Venereal Diseases”, will be exhibited in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock this evening, according to the announcement of Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service. The picture, prepared by the American Hygiene Association, will be open to the general public as well as students and faculty members. - Dr. Miller was in New York during the holiday vacation to attend the annual conference of the American Student Health Association, and it was there that he received reports on the value of the film.
-f A
Lafayette Little Theatre Gives Student Part In Play Ruth Grimm, prominent member "of the Purdue Playshop, has one of the leading parts in “Her Master’s Voice”, the Lafayette Little Theater Association’s first play this season which opened in Duncan Memorial Hall last night. It will be produced again tonight at 8:15 but only members of the association will be admitted. The play, written by Clare Kummer, is a hilarious comedy of family life, and enjoyed a long run on Broadway. Miss Grimm, who played leading roles in Playshop’s “Three Cornered Moon” and “Outward Bound”, of last season, is cast as Queena Farrar, a young wife.
A
8:258:40-
8:25-
8:40-
§ IIp e r ; Ser viceT » Y tr s
SDlDlSi YUILL
RAY Wood
Stiident VoliiBteers To Hold Meeting Toiiigbt An echo meeting of the Student Volunteer Convention will he held in the Union, rooms 1 and 2, this evening at 7:30 o’clock. The 32 Purdue delegates will make short reports of the conference. Four thousand students from 41 states and CanRda were registered at this conference to hear Toyohika Kawaga, Archbishop Temple, John R. Mott and others. Those who attended from Purdue were: Prof. G. H. Graves, Rev. J. B. Gleason, George Glass, Wendell Bond, Charles Cox, C. E. Snyder, Miss Virginia Gobble, Miss Jane Templeton, Miss Anne Lewis, Rev. John Findley, Eleanor Seaman, Marcia Clevenger, J. F. Whitney, A. F. Futoohee, F. C. Siasoyco, J. H. Imada, E. D. Lee, Rev. and Mrs. Wm. McFadden, Wm. Keenan, Ronald Creek, Gerald Vogel, Harold Coffing, Robert Schnell, Julianna Smith, Muriel Plank, Helen Howard, Catherine Minton, Samuel Daniels, Samuel Martinez, and Wm. Smith. Students and faculty are invited to hear this report of the conference.
By drawing logical conclusions from current statistics concerning the Residence Hall and the enrollment, the report estimates that “there will be 120 students available for residence in a. University Hall”. However, the proposed structure will accommodate only 72, leaving unprovided for some 48 students,
The maxim “charity begins at home” suits this test admirably. This situation exists at the same time that the University sponsors our Better Housing project, rather an ironical note to be sure. Of course, financial difficulties seem to prevent a complete realization of ideal or semi-ideal housing conditions, but it is well to keep in mind this pi’essing need of University women students.
Faiiiily TODAY - WEDNESDAY ■ 2 BIG FEATURES wwcw
and
mmm mwm
A 4-.
^ A ^ t , A % BASKETBALL - -f -f. -f A A' A -f A
Tqday
Court 1, Abell -Theta Xi vs. Theta Chi. -Delta Chi vs. Acacia. -Triangle vs. Theta Tau. -Ward 9 vs. Ward 17. Court 2, Scrivnor 7:00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 7. 7:15—-Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Sig-
ma Lambda.
-Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi
Kappa Psi.
-Ward 10 vs. Ward 12.
Court 3, Salisbury
7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi
Kappa Tau.
7:16—;Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Kappa
Lambda..
8:26—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta, 8:40—Ward 15 vs. Ward 11.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TED LEWIS I and His Gang in P -- ‘HERE COMES THE BAND’
The thiithing fellow calls A YELLOW . . . V-8 FORD TAXI GAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger an? part of the. city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO. '
RICHARD V. BA:TH Watch Maker 608 Maiii Street
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THE LEADING LADY OF IIQh4ANC£‘ The 'Thin Man’s' wife has gotten herself tnixed up, in the.gayest....smartest
Plus BETTY BOOP CARTOON ANDY CLYDE COMEDY
WEDNESDAY
COLLEGE DAZE CAMP>US mr
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Plus CHARLIE CHASE in “Life Hesitates at 40”11?% I '* t f ^ ' i"' " ‘ , - , I beat Notre Dame, CaU> forniasL&seToNTO, Butler, Temple ' " ' Coach Wafd Lambert’s hardwood ^^gregation had its ups^aDd downs during the strenuous^ vacation schedule, emerging oh the long end of the Seofiilk i» two games out of five. The Boilermahers broke even against their {loosier foes, trampling Notre Dame by a decisive margin 5and losing to the strong Butler crew by two points, and also outpointed California in' a close contest, but struck disaster on their eastern trip, losing first to the N. Y. U. ^ quintet on Saturday night, December 28, and took another terrific drubbing at the hands of Temple University a week ago last night. Purdue’s poor defense was apparently largely responsible for their defeats. Capt. Bob Kessler and his mates showed the traditional strong offense hfBoilerhii^er : teamsy averaging hs ppwh^ a game in theih fii’st: eight starts against nQh-GpnferenCe fpesv In both games played on their eastern 'trib the Golff and ,Black quintet was handL c^ped by the irihgular play^ fibprs.: The New York University game Was played before ^'t^ crowd in the history of basketball More than 18,000 people watched the Violets come from behind to nose put Purdue by a score of 43 to 41. The Temple outfit provided the biggest upset, however, by trouncing the Boilermakers, 54 to 39, at Philadelphia. Even Kessler was not up to his usual sensational form, however, and offered
took it On .^henhin during theif trip to the east during the holidays. Four oJf the eastern teatns belonging,to.thO ftyy League”,. University of Pennsylvania, Princeton, Harvard, and Yale, trounced Chief Clevett’s teafii decisively by decisive scores of 5-0, 5-0, 6.^0, and 4-1. The team left December 26 and met their first defeat at the hands of the University of Pennsylvania on the 28. The following day they came back- against the reserve squad of the Philadelphia Cricket club winning by a 3-2 score. Successive defeats by the Tigers, Harvard and the Eli’s followed this win, however, on the next three days. Lucek took the only win from Harvard,'and Harry Noll, captain pf the Purdue team gave Glidden, national collegiate champion, a scrap in the last match against Harvard. Fields, Ulrey and Wakefield also put up stiff tussles against the easterners. The eastern invasion was not wholly unsatisfactory to the team. The experience gained by the trip will be used to advantage when they meet the University of Illinois on the fighting Illini’s home courts. The squash game as played On the Atlantic seabpard is a UvUch more advanced and speedier game than played in the central states, and the :Uld GoW and Black team felt they gained a lot of knowledge to use against their midwestern rivals.'ly surprised at the drubbing handed Notre Dahie in a terrific battle against a squad considered the best in the history of the Irish. The score was 54 to 40, and the play was so furious that a total 'of 22 players saw action. ^ Against an impressive California team the night after Christmas, the Boilerniakers were exceedingly lucky to eice out a single point "victory. Bob Kessler, All-American forward, sunk one of his almost impossible shots in the last 30' seC' onds of play to pull the game out of the fire.
Purdue boxing eftthusinsts- are urged tp^keep in mind the/fiate of January 9, for on that night the final University Golden Gloves tourney will be held'in the MemoWal Gym. Coach Maxwell, who has been grooming student candidates for the bouts, announced before vacation a list of those competing Thursday night. Purdue candidates showed a* great lack of experience in the preliminaries held a few weeks ago. In their practice meet with the Lafayette candidates, -Coach Maxwell’s men were outclassed in eight out of ten bouts. Winner^ in the University finals Thursday night will meet boxers from surrounding communities in the Lafayette Golden Gloves contest, which opens in the Lafayette Armory January 21. Entries In Early Already several entries have been sent in and the unusual interest aroused this year Indicates that this will be the greatest tournament ever held in Lafayette. University men who emerge victorious from the town bouts will then participate in the finals in Chicago, i The order of the bOiits and Confe^ants: entered January 9 are Vas follows:
Markey Milne Byphe Eosenburg I. DeMunbrun : Lidghard Smith, Giovanni .. Bacharach Holland .... Record ,....
...1121b... ...126 yb... ^...1261b.. ..,.136 lb..: ■..135 lb... ...mib.;. ,.l47 lb..: ..:.1601b;. ....16dlb... ...4601b... .....200 lb..
../Steelmah Case .......... Long Dix Giles Louis Dobrowsky Kimmel ......... Burks .... Johnson
In Pre-Canfegence Tilts Although a general lack of height, and experienced guards has made the development of an effective defense-a major problem, Purdue’s current basketball squad has shown sufficient offensive power in its strenuous pre-conference schedule of eight games to warrant the prediction that with an improvement, in 'defensive play as the season progresses the Boilermakers may yet be a real factor in Big Ten title calculations. Offensively, the Boilermakers have been more than Imng up to the reputation established' in the past by Lambert-coached Purdue fives, averaging 43 points per game in the non-conference schedule, better than a point a minute. Loss (H Guards Due to the loss of all of last year’s regular guards, and the,;fact that this year’s defensive men are all converted forwards or centers, speed and offense has been the keynote of the Boilermaker game so far this season, but Lambert is hopeful that the experience gained in the pre-conference schedule will result in a better balanced game ■with a tighter defense. Complete scoring statistics on the ittdiyiduals who appeared in the lineup dufihg the pre-conference season follow: :
Among the various post-season honors accorded members of the 1935 Purdue football team comes the announcement that John Drake, smashing fullback of the gridiron squad has won the Elgin watch award this year. The contest was started several weeks ago by the Elgin Watch Company, through its weekly radio broadcast. Eleven men, one for each position, were chosen by popular vote by the fans of the middlewest. The announcement of the -winners was made last Friday night. Although the formal award has not been made as yet, the Elgin compatny is mailing letters to these outstanding players on the midwest teams, enabling them to pick any fifty dollar watch from the stock of their local dealers.
Co-ed Glass Rifle : 4 ;T^itiiiS'^Seleete
Go-ed Fielicers To Practice
Player and Position Bob Kessler, f ............. Jewell Young:, f Paul Malaska, g ......... Glen Downey, g ......... John -Sines,, f Austin lianibert. g; ..... Ed Elliott, c James Seward, c ......... John Bitice, f ............. Carrol Mangas, c-g ... Bob Smith, g ............... Edwin Howard, f ....... Andy-Grant, g .; James Zachary, g Totals
GP FG FT PP TP ......8 35 26 4 96 .....8 30 8 19 68 : .:..8 14 16 14. 43; ......8 13 7 20 38 :8 10 28 6 10 22 3 9 21 4 13 20 1 6 5 1 3 6 0 4 :4 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0. ,78 114 844
-Prospective co-ed fencers will hold their first practice at 7:30 tonight in the Women’s Gjnhnasium. Practices Will be continued on Tuesdays and Thursdays af the same time yrith Jack Silyerman, head of the varsity fencing team, as instructor.
Avalon Hotol RMded
state police conducted a raid on the AValon Hotel, Ninth Steeet night club, during the holiday^ and reduced the various gambling devices to splinters. Severals arrests were made.
Following the co-ed intramural rifle match:! held Dec. 16 and 17: which was Won by a member of ihe team of Ward 3, the follpwing class teams were chosen on the .basis of indiyidUal • Charlotte Bennett; Betty Duncan, Mary Gaylord,! Eileen Foley, Jean Gossett, Margaret Lhngell, Iris Martin, Nila Maze, Lucile Messersmith, Mary Amn I^illips; juniors: Ruth AnspaCh; Virginia Clark, Helen Clelnent, Georgia Halstead,' Maty Hurych, Mary : McQueen, Esther Mitchell, Junerose Piper, Louanna Thompson, Loretta Vah Rie; sophomores: Marjorie BlaloCk, Betty Coit, Mary G. Jarrett, Mary Knapp; Georgia Lugenbill, Marcia McKinsey, Dora M. Patterson, Margaret Richey, Jean Stiles, Emily Tubbs; freshmen: Mary J. Bauer, Irene Boehm, Christabel Galdwell, Betty Klein, Frances Eastbum, Blanche Kernel, Mary A. Pftughaupt, Mar jorie Rogers, Mary Rose, arid Jeanette Shaffer.
the Boilermaker fencing team 9 to 8 in a hard fought match at Cincinnati last Saturday^ Purdue, lead- . ^ ing up to the last event, lost three ' out of four bouts in the epee divi- '' ^ With a 7 to 6 advantage when ^ f the last event started, Ptmdne need- . - . ed only two out of four bouts to win the match, but Captain Libecap and Lance took three of the four bouts, Hammon -winning one of his. Purdue’s High Scorers Purdue’s high scorers were Captain Silverman and McWilliams. Sil-venriari tied with Lance fCr lugh! poiifi; hdnors.!The lattm Ibsing one nmtch ^ BIcWilfiariiS ::arid^ man lost one match to Lance. This was McWilliam’s first meet -with the Bpilenriaker squad, since he is only a sophomore. Cineirinati vrori the! fi^ bouts with the foils,^t^^ camp back and tdrik the next five to -win the event. The two sehobls broke even with the sabres, Silveiv . man taking his two bpufe in heated over-time.battles. The Boilermakers led up to the epee event Wbieh decided the rueet.; To Meet Two Squads This, week-end the Purdue Squad meets two St. Louis squads, and it is probable that Green and Wray will trim in victories in their matches along -with Silverman and McWilliams. Schedule' Jan. lO—St. Louis Fenc^'
Louis.
Jan. 11—Washinjgton ’ 'Louis., • ■ .
Jan. 26—Notre Dame, here.
Feb. 1—Illinois, here.
Feb. 8^—Chicago, here. .j Feb. 16—Ohio State, here. , Feb. 81—Wisconsin at Chicago. Feb. 22--Northwestem: at Evanston. Feb. 29—Notre Dame at South Bend.
Mar. 7—Open.
Mar. 14-16-:^Big: Ten conference individuals’
Hniyersity
BARBER SHOP
■ :4he BILLIARD ROOM
CHESTNUT ROOM
!hl<:
NOTICES K« notices nccepted after 8 p. Condition Ernm in Chemistry 2—WiU be given Jan. 11, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Education Building; AIT sttidOnte vrishing to remove! conditions iU Chemistry 2 brfore^ the opening of the second semester must take the enam at this time. Necessary Mtangeinents must be *mde at room! 210, Chemistry Building, riot later than Jan. _ 9, in order that the $2 fee may be paid before the . eXaminatiori is given. Conditions in Chemistry .1 may be removed at the same time by making special arrangement • , ——TESTs Glider Club—Meeting tomorrow night in room 2 of the Union at 7. Bring money for Co-ed Fencing—^Women, coming out for fencing must be at the Women’s Gym at 7 :30 tonight. -^-HADLEY. Co-ed Deck Tennis—The following games must be played tomorrow,: McQueen and Watson vs. Van Kie and Campbell, Merritt and Brown vs. Greenburg and Cook, Pitch and Charles vs. Venemlann and Piper, and Richey and Scuddet vs. Boehm and Beilke. —BENNETT. Co^d Riflery—^The schedule^ for tonight and Thursday night is as follows: seniors, 6 :iB-6:45 ; juniors, 6:4B-7:1B; freshmen, 7 :lS-7:45 ; sophomores, 7:46-8 :15. —McQUEEN. W. A. A. Volleyball—Schedule for today in large gym at 4: Ward 1 vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma; at 4:30, Ward 4 vs; Pi Beta Phi. At small gym at 4: Ward 2 vs. Chi Omega ; at 4:30, Ward 2 vs. Alpha Chi Omega. —SCUDDEE. Mortar Board—Meeting, tonight at 6 : W. S. G. A. office. —LUSTIG. Y. W. C. A.—Public aifairs group will meet in office at 4 this afternoon. All members, please bring current event. —TEMPLETON.
Make-Up Exam in Punctuation—There will be a make-up exam in punctuation for all students who have not yet made a passing grade on 'Thursday afternoon, January ,.9, in room 101, Education Building, at 4 'and at 5 for those who cannot come at 4. —WYKOFF.
Zouaves—Get keys at Phi Gamma Delta house. —KANY.
Forestry Club—Meeting tonight at 7, room 301, Hort Bldg. J. L. Van Camp will speak on aerial photography in forest mapping. Election of officers for second semester. Refreshments. All be present. —CRAIG.
Co-ed Shudleboard Tourney—The following matches must be played today at 4. If opponents do not appear by 4:10 the game may be considered forfeited. In case of forfeit, sign name on shuifleboard poster. Craig, Wiley vs. Holtman, Lantz; Peek, Conder vs. Arnold, Thompson ; Halstead, Kerkhoff vs. Merriell, Laramore; McCool, Grave vs. Richey, Scudder.
—DIETRICH.
Go-ed Ping-Pong Tourney — Following games must be played by 4 this afternoon If your opponent does not appear by 4:10 consider as forfeit and sign name on ping, pong poster. Reith vs. Wetzel; Halstead vs Cooley; McDermid vs. Newman; Parks vs. Glunt: Wiley vs. Craig; Wtirtenburger vs. Holtman; Bekp'vs. McClary';'Patterson vs. Boehm ; Holton . vs. Eastburn ; Lippert vs. Pultz; Call vs. Parks; Bain ys. Kelly; Hayes vs. Christenson; Stettler vs. Byers.
—DIETRICH.
WAA Volleyball Tourney
W. A. A. volleyball opened yesterday with a preliminary practice in the Women’s Gymnasium. The intramural tournament which begins today will be played this week and during the first two weeks of the next semester. The organizations entering are divided into two leagues. The first is composed of Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Beta Phi, Wards 1'and 4, and the Women’s. Eesidence Hall. League II is made up of Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, and Wards 2 and 3. Winners in each league will be paired at the end oLthe tournament, arid scores will be kept on a percentage basis. Girls will be re quired to wear regulation Outfits
for all games.
PRESIDl^T ELLIOTT— (Continued from page 1) ^ - driven only on those campus drives so designated herein, and parked only in areas which have beOtt established and marked as follows: A. Parking areas reserved for students: (a) Northwestern Avenue and Stadium Avenue malls. Student cars may be driven only on the north drive of the Northwestern Avenue mall and the east drive of the Stadium Avenud maUi entering from Northwestern Avertud in all cases and leaving the campus at the corner of Stadium Ayehue and University Street. “ The right side only of each of the drives is to be used for parking., . ■ (b) South of Armory: The arda south of the Armory and north of the side walk running easLwest is reseiVed for parking student cars which shall enter and leave said area by way of UniveTsity Street
only.
B. General parking area: (a) Drive past the Purdue Memorial Union, Library, and Eliza Fowler Hall. Cars may be parked for hot more than two hours on the right side only of the one-way drive past the west side of the Purdue Memorial Union, the south side of the Library, and the south side of Eliza Fowler Hall. Entrance to this one-way drive is made from State Street. (Visitors and Staff members have similar privileges.) 3. Parking area south of Eliza Fowler HalL This parking arpa is to be used only by those who are activily participating in functions given in Eliza Fowler Hall. 4. Saturday afternoon, Sunday, and before 7:30 A. M. and after 5:00 P. M. on the other days of the week, all campus drives, and areas marked for parking, except the parking area south of Eliza Fowler Hall will be open to visitors. Staff members, and students. 5. The parking area at,the rear of the Purdue Memorial Union shall be, reserved for permanent residents and officers of the Purdue Memorial Union. (Entrance from Grant
Street.)
6. Under ho conditions and at no time will parking be permitted on the driveway around the oval, Staff Regulations Regulations for members of the University staff, which differ from rules for students, are as follows A. Parking areas reserved for for Staff and visitors: (a) North of Women’s Gymna
Slum.
(b) East of University Hall. (c) South drive Northwestern Avenue mall (both sides). (d) Rear of Power Plant. (e) Rear of Mechanical Engi neering Building. (f) Rear of Michael Golden Shops. (g) North of Memorial Gymna slum and south of sidewalk running east-west. (h) West of Engineering Admin istration Building. (i) In front of Service and Stores and Power Plant Building (j) Immediately east of Pharmacy Building. Staff members who use their cars for University service may be granted individual reservations by the Controller. Staff members expecting to park their cars on the campus shall drive their own cars or Send the license plates to the Service and Stores Building during the last two weeks of December or the first two weeks in January and have identification tags for reserved parking area at tached to their license plates. Un less Staff cars are properly iden tified, the free use of such cars on the campus will be restricted.
Anson Meanders Through Ancient Ruins Of Cyprus
Editor’s Note—This is the 28th in a series of articles by Anson Brown on his eXjpeririheto r,white abroad' last riurii- i
mer.
During the night the S.S. EKminster rounded the western end of the island of Cyprus, and on o^ awakening, landed us at Larnaca, the oldest Phdehician settleirieht bh the IslaiiS. Mere the shiil would liilgbr to pick up a load of 600 tons of umber, a base for colored paint. Larnaca has little to pifer the visitor unless it might be the great salt lake about a ihile away. And since we were to have the whole day there,sNelson andl I once; more took a cab, this time to Famagustaj an hour’s trip along the southern sea-coast. What a place! It’s run ever with ruins and old sea-waUs. Ptolemy Philadelphus, of Egypt, founded it 2,000 years ago. Here in an old palace did Shakespeare lay a scene in his “Othello.” Mere the Venetian general, Marcantonio Bragadino, was killed by the Turks and his skin stuffed with straw and sent to Constantinople. Here is the island’s oldest harbor and Othello’s toWer in whicL Desdemona was killed. And we saw it all. Even to the old Famagusta wall that ran, before parts of it were destroyed, almost completely around the city. Almost as fascinating as Athens were these old ruins, not yet spoiled by tourists. Perhaps the old castles will have one or two visitors a day, not many more than that, and if one would sit for a few minutes on an old over-turned tomb-stone one could see myriads, of lizards as they slid noiselessly around in the silence of it all. It is as though the dust and turr moil of the last war had'just settled and you were the first one to view it, Perhaps it was on this very spot that Othello made love to Desdemona. Maybe over there by that crumbled pillar Richard Coeur de Lion wooed Berengaria and then set- out to conquer the whole~of the island. The imagination can work wonders and who could prove these things didn’t hap-
pen'
The old Othello Tower was cov-
flSi
'
“ «!
takes no intermission when Crown. Cleaning Service is used regularly.
WE HAVE BOTH
"^METHODS.:'
FINE
n t E A N E R S
OF
FI N E
C L O T H E S
Tickets For . Mich. Game Go On Sale
Reserved seat tickets for Purdue’s home Big Ten opener with Michigan in the Jefferson high school gymnasium on Monday ever ning have been placed on sale over the Counter at Decker’s in Lafayette, and Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafayette, in addition to the Purdue ticket office, it was announced yesterday by Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. , There has been a brisk advance mail order demand for tickets to the game, indicating a near-capacr ity crowd, but Doan announced that local ticket selling agencies will be kept supplied with reserved seat tickets as long as they are available. Priced At $1.00 The seats are priced at $1.00 each, including tax. Doan pointed out that it is still possible for local fans to make a slight saving and at the same time assure themselves choice seats for the six remaining Big Ten home games by purchasing a season reserved seat. Season reserved tick-
will gather in Fowler Hall for the final evening meeting. Barton Rees Poufce, of Indiana University, will speak arid the Swiss Songsters, from Berne, Indiana, will render a few yodelirig specialties. “Rural Life Day” is the title pirined to Friday, last diky of the conference. A luncheon in the Union and an address by President Elliott will close activities.
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at tee MITZI 'SANBWICH: SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
' DEAC ^ HAS EVERYTHING for .a ' V ' COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. EEISNER
ered ■with twisted vines, so choked i ®ts are priced at $5.50, including
Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St.' Phone 6455
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist : Kron Flats State and Main
Phone 4966
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Drink Milk for More Energy Call JOHNSON .Phone 41332
Milk is your best food— it's packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it's body-building and energy building.
that the stones beneath could scarcely be seen. No doubt at night the place was the habitat of all the gods and goddesses on the island, gathering with Zeus, Hera, Pallas Athena, and Hades. From where I was musing I could see it all. “And as I sat, over the light blue
hills
There came a noise of revellers; the rills Into the wide stream came of purple hue— ’Twas Bacchus and his crew! The earnest trumpet spake, and the silver thrills From kissing cymbals made a merry din— ’Twas Bacchus and his kin! Like a moving vintage down they
came
Crown’d with green leaves, and faces all on flame; All madly dancing through the pleasant valley.” —^Keats And then Nelson and I walked into the dark caverns under the walls, so long ago besieged by the Turks, was it 1571? The old palace is a mystery to the historians. But it is attributed to Guy de Lusignan in 1192 and here was the setting for Ford’s “The Lover’s Melancholy.” Is it any wonder that the setting reeked of history and background ? We climbed the wall a little later and looked out oyer the harbor formed by the ancients of the fading past. We found on one side the massive link to which one end of the harbor chain was fastened; in time of danger the chain was thrown across the entrance of the harbor and fastened between the two bastions of the fortifications. We later learned that this chain is resting in a riiuseum on the island, each gigantic link weighing many pounds. Noon was upon us in torrents of heat ^riving away all further ruminations of the gods and their playthings. Nelson wanted a glass of beer. I agreed ...
tax, as compared to $6.00, the price if the tickets are purchased
singly for each game.
AG LEADERS— , (Continued from page 1) reau, will address a general ses-
sion.
Fiddles, barn dancing and the “little brown jug” will come into their own Tuesday evening, in the Jefferson jhigh school gyrn at a stunt session, yearly looked forward to by over six thousand funloving rustics. A ten cent admission to cover cost of prizes will be charged for this session. Concert Wednesday evening a concert by the University Choir will be followed by movies on the European farm situation. David Ross, president of the board of trustees, will tell “How Farm Taxes Will Be Reduced” at the afternoon session. Thursday will find University Ag alumni gathering in the old Agricultural Engineering Building for their annual dinner. Frank L. McVey, University of Kentucky, will address the group. After the banquet the conference
PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 4Q0 Schultz Bldtr. Phone 5701 Cenieir 4th and Main
Th^ New 1936 Plymouth is now on display at the Walter L. Gray Co. 6th & Columbia Lafayette, Ind.
Lovely gab!.. . the greatest pair of Clinging Vines that ever came to Kollidge. Clever no end! Can mend and label books, mount paper on the drawing board and; help in countless other places where paper or cloth must be stuck to each other or to wood, cloth, gloss or leather. Aik for ’em by name I CHAS. M. eilfie|NS& CO.. 27£ 9th S&, ih|yn, ILV..
507 Main St.
SUBSCRIBE FOE THE EXPONENT
R. e. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BEAUTY SHOPPE' Shampoo and Finirer Wave...„....jfQe 327 State 8t. and on Pierce St. Dial 2067
SUBSCRllE NOW FOB TEB EXPONENT
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
AND HEATING e-Pyke-Werk Company Phone 3882
LYLE B..FISHEB
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite New Post Office
Don’t Worry.Til Have It Washed at
FI r<. ;