If. * f ft .-i ,
‘ iWfellRY-GO-R^^ * ^ys Germany Worried Channel Thrust
COLUMBIAN MRU Features Attractions For All Students
Established 1889
“Water, water everywhere,'
JalttHie 56, No. 9
Purdue Uniyersity, West Lafayetf'e, Indiana
Tuesday, May 18, t!SN8
little' Wabash River Rises
Miver Climbs Six Inches Per
f * Students Must Buy ^ Stamps To See Kenton
dour To Height Of 20.75 Ft Lt. Hatfield,
^ By Dick Ward
iSo called “Little” Wabash was roaring over its banks yesterday with a reading of twenty feet and nine inches above lidrrbaU ^This is about seven feet above flood stage. The river
i^^tterday was rising at a rate cif aix inches per hour. Tke readings for the river yesterday were as follows: 7 a. m., I7.ii ft.; 1 p. m., 18.5 ft.;.2 p. m.,,l9 ft.; 4:30 p. m., 19.9 ft., and the river was reported to be. two feet above the river road near- the sanitarium yesterday at 4:$dP'm. Paul Lehman had no predieitions on the future of the river.
Fattnilies Evacuated
Several families have been evacuated in hafayette, It was learned ed that five feet of water is standing in several houses in an area of about six acres in east side. Earl Staley, sheriff, said he thought that thife will turn out to be the worst flood in several years, but not as bad as it was in 1913. The sheriff alao reported that great quantities of ; livestock has been rescued all
along the lowlands.
The state police report that families have been moved out of Barton’s Beach on Wilcat Creek. They also reported that several county
To Hold Summer Callout Today In Union Officers Announce Vacancies Existing On All Organization's Committees Associated Women Students, the campus orga,nization in which every coed enrolling in the University automatically becomes a member, will hold summer callouts today at 4 p. m.. in the AWS office on the third floor of the Union building. The aim of this organization is to act as co-ordinator between each coed and her fctivities, by a number of commit- — tees; the coed can merely let
AWS help her, through the various committees, or she can become an active worker on
them.
There are jobs open on all committees, with workers especially needed on the office committee. This committee spends its time in
With polls opening at 8 a. m. typing, filing, and other secretarial and state roads have been closed and closing at 6 p. m., the Student work.
dub to washouts. The state police Senate will hold its semester elec- The vocational guidance commitreported that heavy rains are oc- tions today inthe Great Hall of tee works on the vocational guidciif^ihg at Peru, Wabash, Bluffton the Union. ance conference where speakers exahd'throughout the northern part a total of 12 person.? will be run-; Plain their jobs, salaries, and opof the statp. They reported that the i-gpresentative positions portunities; speakers through the Wabash river is higher upstate the junior mechanical engi- year are also sponsored by the comthah it is here. It is expected that science, and home econom- mittee for the same purpose, the, condition existing' .northward Orientation Committee will swell the river considerable ,„ore class of the mechanicals. All The freshmen , orientation comh^i?e iti the future. Police a so le- representatives are, unoppps- mittee provides counselors for bepoVt that several paits of Indianap- automatically ap- wildered freshmen coeds to help oUs are flooded and that seveia pointed to representative positions, them, through the confusing openfamilies have been evacuated in va- EigoUon candidates had to obtain ing weeks. The counselors are ripUS localities thi oughout the city. ^ go per cent representation upon trained by attending three TneetThb flood condition in Indianapolis petitions to be eligible to run ings where their work is explained. 1^ not due to over flow of the river, office. The judicial board, most publibut .is due to^sur ace water w ic Thomas, Senate president, cized of the committees, tries girls cannot be taken care o by sewei announced that following elec- who have committed offenses. The
Girls Will Learn Requirements Of Training Lt, Anne Hatfield, recruiting officer from the Indianapolis Headquarters of th^^e Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps, will speak to all interested coeds at a meeting in the West Feculty Lounge of the Union,
War Stamp Booth In Front Of Sweet Shop Reports Total Sales To Date As $8.80 $2,500 is the goal set by Will Hiller, chairman of the Studeflt War Council for the War Stamp drive sponsored by that izatioii in connection with the convocation and dance feattiring Stan Kenton and his or-
chestra Friday, May 28, in the Music Hall and the Union ball-
/ In order to gain admitt^ce to the convocation, every student must have purchased 50 cents
War Department Makes CAP An Auxiliary Force Patrol Fliors Will Aid In Transportation
Of Army, Defense Supplies, Personnel Shop and have a ticket certi^ing At the request of the War Department the local Civil Air fus purchase of the stamps. Patrol squadron has been made an auxiliary tq the armed University staff m^bers ari forces, Commader Canfleld, head of the CAP training pro- ^'^'’“thTcrnT’cS TdVSS gram for the University, announced recently. students in that each member Under the new War Department rulings a plan is being form- must be accompanied by a ticket ulated for a carrier service throughout the middle western certifying that 50 cents worth'of
states using CAP fliers as pilots in the transportation of army materials and personnel and material used in defense
work.
Currently, members have been fiying from airports at Frankfort and Epchester, and it is hoped that new government rulings will make more flying possible.
war stamps have been purchased from the booth by the Sweet Shop.
Already Sold
Since the beginning of the drive last Tuesday, $8.80 worth pf War stamps have been sold, according to Bette Lu Erudup, manager of the war stamp booth. In setting the present goal, Hiller hopes that the drive will be a stimu-
, , . j, A, tron results, the organization would There has been ,no sign of the , ,, „ , , , ,
rains slacking in the northern part of, the state. Officials believe that uiitjl this word is received, the river
(See AWS, page 4)
LT, ANNE HATJt'lELD Recruiting WAACS concerning eligibility and the various phases and aims of WAAC training today at 4 p. m. Lt. Hatfield will interview all eligible girls who are interested in serving in the WAACS and give any information desired. Coeds may arL range interviews by calling Women’s Placement Office in the Executive building, 2955, and asking for Miss Feldt.
RCA and Curtiss-Wright ca- lus to further stamp buying and dettes-will be the guests of P.I.A. that a far greater total-wilT have
Members must show themselves -.(.jjjg- afternoon at the first of the been sold by the end of the semSsto be essential to the operations of weekly afternoon Tea dances to be ter “It must be realized,” he said, the squadron either by flying or act- gpQjjggpg^ organization, “that war stamps are a meank 'pf ing in the capacity of stenogra- The dance will be held in the South saving money and therefore do phers, radio operators, nurses or ballroom of the Union at 4 p. m. and not exact an admission pricp .on pilots. Members who have not com- jg open to all students. Admission is those attending the scheduled funcpleted fifty hours of ground-work free'to RCA and Curtiss-Wright tions.” - : of basin training in aviation skill g^gg^g ^^d to all members; other Also Featured Dorsey ' are considered as provisional mem- students will be charged ten cents. The drive is being sponsored hy
Although in the past the tea the student War Council w;hich'has dances have been a regular Tues- fostered a^ number of such affairs day affair, it was announced that in previously, among the better all probability the schedule will be membered being, a convocation and
Members are required to be 21 rearranged this semester so that a dance ’ featuring Tommy Dor^fey, years old or 18 with their parents greater percentage of the students and a scrap drive, consent, citizens of the United jjjgy bave an oportunity to attend. The War Council has been func-
bers until they gain the required degree of skill and attain their private pilot’s license and are classed
as regular members.
citizens of the
State^^nd fhsy must be passed by A standing schedule will be made tioning for six sernesters under the
Canfield, bnown as soon as student prefer- direction of a chairman elected
the FBi. Commander
known to University students
(See. CAP, ^age 4)
will continue to rise to a more dangerous level. ][n 1936, the river got to 25 feet, which was considered to be the most: dangerous level in many years. The flood up to now is suppose to have done no great damage. The city engineer reports that all bridges are safe up to the present. All bridges and roads are being checked periodically, and any sudden change in the safety of such roadways will be reported and released as soon as possible. It was learned that the Sigma Nu’s canoe turned over in the middle of the river yesterday. It was not disclosed how many fellows ware involved in the accident. The river was too fast for their canoe. Thex’O has been.no report on the Ohio river concerning flood stage, although it is rising rapidly. Maiiy iriiand rivers are reported to be in flood stage, which will in turn make the larger rivers rise. The Ohio riv'er continues to rise for a while after the inland rivers begin to go do’Wn. -
hold a call-out and start some of the several major activities planned for the summer semester. Among these is a general Senate re-moulding to streamline it for wartime opci’a-
tions.
Candidates for election today
ar(|:
.lunior Mechanical Jack Hainze Boh Pitcher .lunior Home I'lconoinics Ruth Ann Job Mitzi Konicek ' Sophomore Mechanical Bob Esch Dick Morgan Austin Gillespie ■ William Metsker \ Jim Jennings Junior Science Bill Steck Carol Roblee Mary Bolby Advertising Staff Meeting of entire advertising staff tonight at 7 p. m. in Exponent office. j —Kein
LANDIS AND PLANE Carol Landis poses on Victory Trainer during war bond tour.
By Bob Boswinkle, Editor
It seems somewhat unusual- to say that nuts have built an airplane, but nuts—salted nuts—have built the airplane which senior , aeronautical engineer's are helping to analyze, static test, and flight test during regular class periods and extra hours this summer. The profits from the Morrow boys’ salted nut business furnished capital to finance the building of the Morrow advanced trainer, the testing of which the Purdue Research Foundation is sponsoring. Prof. E. F. Bruhn, who is in charge of the students’ part of the project, believes the experience gained by the students in working with the actual airplane will pr-ove to be more beneficial to them than a study of a theoretical, intangible airplane. The. project is helful to the Morrow Aircraft Corporation, too; for ti^sting facilities and personnel to carry out aii elaborate test of an airplane in these day of “all out” airplane production are ,difficult to find. The Morrow Corporation’s plant, where the airplane was built, and the adjoining airport have been
taken over by the Army. Not Inspected By CAA
Although the Morrow plane has been flown for over a year now, it has never been inspected by tile Civil Aeronautics Authority, and the government will not issue a license to an airplane which has not been checked by this organization. The object of the test now being made is to make certain that everything will be acceptable to the. CAA when the ship is submitted to them for their inspection. It is expected that the Morrow “Victory Trainer” will go into production soon after the CAA passes upon it sometime
near the end of summer. So far only three Victory Trainers have been built: one for flight test purposes at the airport, one for static‘test and stress analysis purposes in the aeronautics structures laboratory, and a reserve plane in Los Angeles. ■- Students Help With Flight Testing Students as yet have.: little to do with the actual flight testing of the trainer at the. airport. Later students may help in the calculation of data obtained “upstairs” by test pilot “Slim Maxwell and his assistant Jack Dunn. Data will be'taken from the various indicating devices as the plane is tested for spins stability, velocity, cooling, take off, landing, and climbing. In the aeronautics structures Mendenhall, loaned to the Morrow group by the Harlow A h'craft Company of Alhambra, California, directs the work of the students in the aeronautics structures laboratory course and the efforts of students who have extra hours to work. Students who work extra are paid according to the regular University rates. ■ ' Dynamometer Used Typical static test jobs include the loading of the fuselage in all critical flying and landing conditions, and the testing of all the control surfaces. All loads are applied by means of dynamometers, using the test equipment of the structures laboratory which was specially designed to static test complete airplanes. All tests are being witnessed by a representative of the CAA. Other jobs include the making of stress analysi.s reports and a certain amount of drafting.
For those interested in technical details, the Victory Trainer is of bonded plywood construction, and uses'a six cylinder, 185 horsepower.
service ceiling of the trainer is 19,000 feet, this putting it in the class of high altitude trainers. Schmued, Designer Of Plane Designers of the plane is North American Aircraft Company’s chief design engineer, successful
This lecture is part of the nationwide celebration of the 400th anniversary of the death of Coper-
nius.
Edgar Schmued, who patterned the Astronomy” in 1935.
plane after the fiery Mustang pursuit. North American engineers call the Victory Trainer the “Little Mustang.” Schmued, by the way, also designed the famous Mitchell
bomber.
As an added impetus for students to work hard on the project, Mr. Morrow, president of the Morrow Corporation, Mas promised to give students a ride in the plane for every 75 hours of extra work they do. Also, near the end of the semester, Mr. Morrow, who will be at work on the project all summer. Professor Bruhn, and Dave Mendenhall will select the three seniors who have maintained a 4 average for the semester in all their courses and have conducted their work in such a manner that they wbuld be the first in the group to get a r^ise in pay if they were actual engineers in industry, and these three will be awarded a trip to Colorado Springs —with all, expenses paid for a whole week. It’ no wonder there’s enthusiasm among the aeronautical seniors for working on the Morrow Victory Trainer.
ences can be determined. from the appointed members. At iti Tea dances have been a regular inception. Professor Hockema said campus event for thfe past several tfint those who were doing things semesters, and haVe attracted a who got them done 'wpuld;.^e good part of the student body. The picked for membership on the coimP.I.A. has expressed a hope that purpose is to sponsor stustudent interest will be as lively related to the 'War
effort. Membership is maderup of activity heads and former activity staff members who now find more time to devote to the council since they do not hold senior positions.-
Mudbcai
hey there clarence i have been studying
bioliogy when parts of aimals aren’t needed they disappear i guess if they need parts they appear too i y
am growing fins.
MUDBALL
Exponent ^Coeds All report without fail to' office at 4 p. m. tomorrow to work coed edition. ^ Editors will be: night. Ford; day, Howe; city, Wilbur; issue,^^^ Steffes; Sports, Grotnes. <
—Lauer
this semester, so that these afternoon dances may continue as an integral part of student activity. Sigma Xi To Hold
i
Meeting Thursday Sigma Xi will hold an open meet-
horizontally opposed, Lycoming ing Thursday, May 20, at 7:30 in engine which pulls the trainer room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. along at a cruising speed of 153 Walter Bartky will discuss “Copermiles per hour and at. a maximum nius, the Founder of Modern As-
speed of 175 miles per hour. The tronomy.” *
Dr. Bartky received his Ph. D. at Chicago in 1926 and has been associate professor there since 1933. Dean Barkty also has acted as mathematics consultant for Western Electric and other companies. He published a book “Highlights of
MORROW VICTORY TRAINER ., . called the “Little Mustang”j:
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, May 18, 1^43
W&
ue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and Business JPurdsie Memorial Union, Phone 4005 'S|Sbrts, Fieldhouse, Phbne 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary foiilor...... : Honorary Editor HonoWr^r B«ttrt«s ManoKtr With the Colors
....William (5. Hoskins . Dale E. But?. .Gdrhnrd H. Kloninnn
EdifOT.;...:^:...v...v BasinOss Manasrer....... KeWS' Editor ManairinK- Editor Advertis'intr Manaccr.. Sport8...Editor........_-.... Cied Editor
..Robert W. Boswihkie James G. Petty Sally Beall .Donald E. Brewer .....A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dawson :..Jean Lauer
PuWicafioh Staff ■ Editorial Staff Bjitom: H. B. Abbott. C. C. Mnrtindcll, E. F, Mur,phy/'W. ft. 'Tvson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed S^ft: Ruth Ford, Madclyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards.
f5
Business Staff
Assistant Advertising Manager : C. L. Gaunt. Layonl^Dircctoir: J. B. Tatib. Circelarion.dilanager: R. G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager: Mary Dills.
Edito^^%iicf. ■ 'i- .
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue
Niirht Edifbr: Mtirphy Sports Editor; Sow&rd.s Day.Editor; Ford Isfeue Editor: Hammel Reporters: Garrett, Kropf, KitcofT, Speck, Baynes, Andre, Ward, Erb, Nichols,
Enifered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3,. 1.879, and at the special rate of postage provided fot in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. Published oh Tuesday. Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for a semester: by mail for $1.60 for a semrsfor. Subscriptions may be .'obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. - Represented for national advertising by National Advertising ■ Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Same Fees, More Duties; Stump Coeds It is a mo^’e or less generally accepted concept that students should have a certain amount, of faith and belief in their University. Quite often we hear of college boys creating some little rumpus, in defense of the good name of their Alma Mater, and almost every one speaks of his particular school with pride wh^n visiting back home. Vet here on the campus of our own University, this pride is not always present among either the student, the faculty or the administrative body. In fact, there is quite often a feeling of distrust and apprehension whenever the students are faced with any dealing with the University, especially those in regard to various financial matters, as special fees-and rebates. The, Univei’sity could easily overcome this attitude and soon dispense with it altogether by Watching carefully for the small isolated incidents and rumors that go to create such feeling. After all, no one can name more than a few isolated case in which a student was shortchanged by the University. However, it is these,small incidents that soon total up into a feeling of distrust. For example, at the present time the University authorities have made rulings to the effect that the girls who live in the Residence Halls (all Cadettes excluded) must devote a specific amount of their time to doing the house cleaning and dish washing around the halls that was formerly done by domestic help. These maids and student dishwashers are no longer available because of the-engagement elsewhere in more important phases of the war effort. However, while these people were woi'king here, the University paid them wages which amounted to a fairly large sum of money. (There are now only three maids, one for each hall, while there wei'e formerly about 18, six in each hall). It vei'y patriotic for the coeds to aid the war effort by freeing workers for the defense plants and so forth ; but is it fair for the University to pocket the money that formei’ly went to the domestic help, and which was taken from the fees the girls paid to live in the halls? Apparently this is what is going on. The jgirls are still paying the regular fees but arp now doing the work—for nothing— that was formerly paid for’Hrom these same fees. It does not seem quite fair. Such activity on the part of the University is one of those which increase the slight attitude of distrust about the campus and because of this distrusting attitude as well as in all fairness to the coeds in the halls, some method of rebates should be worked out or an explanation made.—e.m.
Rij|;>i|ii-in^ Agreement .the following joint Army and Navy recruiting agreement .supersedes the agreement approved on Jul.v'2, 1942,. published in letter, this office, SPX 341 (7-11-42) Eli, July 14, 1942, subject as above: (a) No civilian employee of either service will be conimissioned, enlisted, or given a letter of directed assignment upon voluntary induction, by the other seryieg, except by agreement with the service by which he is employed. (b) No civilian employee of any school under con-| tract to train personnel for either sei-vice will be com-.J missioned, enlisted, or given a letter of directed assigmnent upon voluntary induction, by the othei' serv? ice, except by agreement with the .service for whichl the school'is training pej'sonned, (C) The restrictions of (a) and (b) above shall! continue in effect lor a period ol sixty days after ant| employee described therein voluntarily terminates hhj or her employment.
Vi!ltSIIIN$TOK I xwd W
|ly Liclity
•y DHEW PEARSdN Publicity On FDR# Churchill Talks Written To Worry Axis; Lists Three Invasion Possibilities WASHINGTON—In one office of the Navy there is a map on the wall. For 25 cents a Naval officer pan stick in pin in the part of the map where he believes the invasion of Europe will take place. , / So far there is $13.50 in the pot, which goes to show , how many different theories exist inside the Navy as to where the second front will start. The final decision of course will be made by the gentleWen now discussing strategy in the White'House. There are some interesting difficulties between this current meeting and those previously held between the President and Winston Churchill. Aside from the fact that during the other conferences we were not winning, and now we are, the most important difference is secrecy. Both at Casablanca and in Washington last summer, the Churchill-Iloosevelt conferences were absolutely mum. No announcement was made that the two statesmen had met until it was all over. There was no particular reason for the Washington secrecy because Churchill was subject to no danger, at least ho more than he is today. This time, however, the Allies want the axis to know that Churchill and Roosevelt are meeting. Obviously they want it known that they are discussing the one big question sure to spell Axis defeat—a second front on the European continent. The knotyledge that Roosevelt and Churchill are plotting, new offensives just as the Axis suffers its most crushing blow is bound to have terrific undermining effect on the people of Germany. 'Axis iCept.duessin^ Speculation is running rife in the Axis today, as a result of the Roosevelt-Churchill meeting, as to where the Allies will strike next. Since the Axis has some of the best military strategists in the world, and since charting a war, like chess, includes efforts to read the enemy’s next movesi here is probably what Nazi strategists are speculating, on right now; The Allies, they know, can make one of three general moves to invade Europe: (1) Across the Mediterranean into Italy; (2) Around the Mediterranean through Turkey and the Balkans; (3) Across the Channel to France. . The first of these, across the, Mediterranean into the two Italian islands of Sicily and Sardinia, the Axis is already counting on. The German radio has , warned of Allied transports and troopships at Gibraltar for this purpose. So the invasion of Sicily and Sardinia must seem-certain. But the Axis also knows ., that we know how hard it wogld be to go beyond Sicily on up the Italian peninsula and penetrate the Alps which hem in Italy from Europe proper; also how difficult it would be to feed the 47,000,000 people
of Italy.
The second front through the Balkans, the Axis knows, would be slower. Troops have to be shipped , .farther. A neutral Turkey has to.be reckoned with. Also, and this is most important, the Axis can speculate that Russia does not want British armies in Balkan countries which she considers her sphere of influence, and_ some of which she expects to bring under her wing after the war. — However, these two fronts—through Italy or through the Balkans—have one great advantage which the Axis must reckon with; namely, that American troops already are nearby. They are in North Africa, together with British troops, therefore, they don’t have to be transported across a submarine-infested
Atlantic.
Channel Thrust Worries Axis This brings us down to the third possible front— across the Channel to France. This is the front which we know worries the Axis most, where they have built up the heaviest fortifications. Undoubtedly, Axis worries stem from two things: the narrow 20-mile distance from England; knowledge that Russia has consistently wanted a second front in this part of Europe, Russia’s wishes regarding this have been widely published. The Axis knows that last summer Foreign Minister ^lolotoff came to Washington to urge a second front in France and that this was vetoed for one reason: Churchiir.s unwillingness to use English troops across the Channel. Later, as is known, Canadian troops led the bulk of the attack in the Dieppe commando raid. , Churchill’s reasons for not using English troops in a second front last suinmer were published at the time—the fact that they were not sufficiently trained and equipped, were only strong enough -to protect England itself from invasion. If Churchill stuck to that thesis at Casablanca (and diplomatic rumor has it that he did) then a .sUond front in France could only be launched with.a heavy proportion of American troops shipped across the Atlantic to England. Basis Of U-Boat Effort Probably that had something to do with the terrific intensification of submarine warfare shortly after the Casablanca conference. Hitler knows that as long as he could sink a million tons of Allied shipping each month, we would have a tough time transporting and supplying troops overseas and setting up a second front across the Channel in France. Therefore, it may well be that the current.conversations between Roosevelt and Churchill boil down to a question of what percentage of British troops could and should be used to invade France. If the invasion army should be preponderantly British, then the second front operation could start fairly soon. If on the other hand, the invasion army i.s to be 60 per cent American and 40 per cent British, or even 50-50, then a second front in France cannot start until we have shipped perhaps half a million men across the North Atlantic. Because of the submarine difficulties, this might well mean that a second front in France could not start this year. I’robably it wo.uld also mean that the more immediate second front would be the longer, slower opera|tion through the Mediterranean or up through Italy, jboth based on North Africa where U. S.-British troops jalready are stiitidned. So the one clue tliat Hitler must be watching rejgarding the Ghurchill-Koosevelt conferences is the !-atio of U. S.-Brilisli troops to bq used in Prance, But jffiat is something he will know only when the second ■'rout begins. (Copyright, 1943, by Unit.ed Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
or Various
PektVIiskings
T guess those boys in North Africa really kno-w ho'w to use the bombers -we’ve been turning out.”
University Calendar Tuesday^ May 18
8:00 A.M. Student Senate Election E. & W. Reept. Rms., Un. 7:00 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Room 302, Union E:30 P.M. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting..... Room 307, Union ■ Wednesday, May 19 7:30 P'.M. Sigma Xi Meeting ......Stanley Coulter Hall Tiiifirsday, May 20 6:30 P.M. Chamber of Commerce Dinner Faculty Lge., Union Coed Suggests Plan To Use Flooded Area ■ Boating, Fishing, Week“Eiiid Cryises Coyfd Provide Recreation, Aid Morale
By Katey Howes
Now thatUafayette’s traditional spring liquid sunshine has successf ully managed to make a lake out of the -vyomen’s tennis courts on University,St., numerous sug,gestions have been offered to make more practical use of the ex-tennis courts. In the fiikt place, it should be pointed out that the Coeds won’t mind no matter what is done to the courts since no coeds have ever managed to keep the — ———— brawny eds off the courts long "^vith the co-6peration the Lndia,na enough even to complete one Conservation Club, set of tennis. Since, at the rate the river is risBesides that, patriotic coeds. the hike will soon be cenneted would be only willing to. con- Wabash, week-end cruises tribute their tennis games in order ivould be in order. The lake could to, help boost morale by forming a also be used for more romantic purClub on the newly created artificial poses now that tlie airport is closed
Reports have been radioed from neutral S-witterland llltP^^ that the Germans are beginning to pull out of Italy, .thuS. leaving ttaiy to the fate of its own war weary peopletaiid' the United Nations, ilhis report might |e truq, but the have eyerything to gain by staying in Italy and a; gteS, deal > to lose [if they decide tp leave. By pulling oqtj .thp G^JJians.
might be leavihi' '^he :^alian
'' boot tp the iriercy of the United. Nations,-and iUsiicit yras the case, ihvasion Would; be carried out with a mihini,pm loss of life.,, The, .United'Nations after the conquest ^pf Italy would be a position to bdiiib.'Ceiw
many across the border and.
By Dick Ward the larg'e munitions factories ,tMt Quite often a student is asked have so far been out of reaeffi to questions gbput ..the men. stationed RAF and U. S. bombers. The Hnithere at the naval training school, ed Nations would also be in a posiQuesti.ons asked concern ages, mill- tion to effect a pinchers nfiovem,ent tary , action or how long the boys through Yugoslavia and Fi’ance have been in the navy. against Germany proper. If. the Most every one knows that the Cerrtian find, it necessary to
Navymen arfe training to be technicians. Not all pf the sailors are taking the same trainingj but they are trained in several fields such as electricians, diesel engineers, cooks,
bakers, and pharmacists.
When a person walks into the main offices in West Hall, they are greeted with “sir” and they receive the kindest hospitality possible. The sailors are very polite and are very capable of carrying on a good conversation. A very surprising fact is how well the men can remember names after being introduced to a person. The general opinion that the men are hard to get acquainted with must be discarded because this is the wrong
idea.
withdraw from Italy, you cah be fairly sure that there is a great deal of internal trouble within the
Third Reich. •
X-X-X
One of London’s leading pipers
has come out with a repoirt that Roosevelt and Churchill have decided; to put General Alexander, the commander of British forces, in the Middle East and the boss of General Montgomery, in command of the propo.sed invasion forces for Ekirope. This is purely a guess on the part of the London paper, biit the thought behind siich a story could be the truth. After all, the United Nations could do worse in thOir
choice of a field commander.
X-X-X
lake.
With the speed-up schedule of University Yacht and Recreation classes eliminating ■ vacations and gasoline rationing making it impossible to leave the campus even for a week-end, there is definitely , a need for some organization such as this to ])rovide recreation, for both civilian students and members of the armed forces stationed at the University. Row Boats Of Non-Rationed Wood Possibilities for increasing the uses of tlic Clul) suggest themselves immediately. A fleet of row-
to visitors, and Intramural Field is
a soggy mess.
Training IMr Navy The lake could also fill more immediately patriotic uses as it would enable the sailors from the S.S. Cary Hall to get a real taste of seafaring life and thus lose their newly acquired name of “Sea Scouts” given to them by their fellow inmates, the army “Boy Scouts.”' With the war in the Pacific cutting off the supply of rice to the United Statc.s, the submerged clay court could lie utilized as I'ico pad-
The Greek people have been suf-
At the present time, there is one fering a lot in this war, but therb man, Lieutenant Pollock, who has been one hope in the back seen action at Midway during the ground that has kept them going, present war. The rest of the sea- the belief and hope that after the men stationed here have never seen war aid would be forthcoming from service in the navy before coming the United States. Of course, the to the University. Many of the boys -United States will send all the aid have come from Great Lakes, that the Greeks want and any thing Brooklyn, and Idaho training sta- ■ else that is needed and desired by lions- these tortured people. The aid is asEvery state in the United States sured, but it might be doubtful if is represented by the sailors sta- there will be anyone present, in tioned here. The sailors before com- Greece to receive this needed aid. ing to the University, were engag- The Germans are doing their best ed in farming, selling papers, fac- to eliminate all necessity of sendtory work, forestry and many ing supplies to the Greeks after this other occupations., war. ,
All of -the sailors stationed here are between 17 and 38 years of age. Not all of them have had a high school education but part of them have had two years of college or more. The sailors who haven’t had a high school education, are having a hard time with their work; but they, are coming through in tip-top
shape. . ) .
The University is one of several naval training stations in the United States. There are other stations located in Norfolk, 'Virginia; Sanford, New York, Newport News, Virginia; San Diego, California; Bainbridge, New York and niany
other points in the West.
Not only the navy benefits from the training of these men, but the sailors can benefit also by makinguse of the training they are receiving later in life. The sailors may use their training as a professioii after the war, providing they .show the ability to apply the training to
practical use.
Placemesif- Nof-es
A representative of Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, Boston, Massachusetts, will be on campus Wednesday, May 19, to interview women students for work in their claims department. Any one interested should call Placement Service for Women (2965) before Tues-
day noon, May 18.
Buy War Bonds And Slamps
boats made from non-rationod wood gaining new notoriety for the could be built, and the lake could he University by means of this unique
well stocked' with trout and bass Victory Garden.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
'REMEMBER V THE DAY^
— with ——
CLAUDETTE COLBERT
JOHN PAYNE
— PLUS —
'MOON OVER HER SHOULDER'”'0 ■
tMU4>
Boill&Hmkhir Bj^ts
,J\, ^ s>fy'ii 'Avity- fy ' . }
’i
Tj ■j'i f rts*’' ''
^ -
*
' ‘ BIG, TEN
mr ^ 4 t W m mr ^
\ % IF THE SUN SHINES
ft
: ktvisis /oBhiKEkENci Fob^-bAd bcihiibtiLt 1,
RivETiks MeIt bufLEk'
IN BASEBALL GAME
- ' /'■' -'i / \yH ''' -v
Big T^ii Revues Butler Meets Riveters Here Today Uridirdii Schedules ^«iff jh^rV/oU MsflfUlf \A/l'n |||^j^*|^j|^’^||||^||^||j||*
Face Bulldogs At 4 P. ML Providing that the rain ceases arid the groundkeepers afe able to get the diamond into shape by 4 p. ih. this afternoon. Coach Dutch Fehring will send the Riveter baseball teafti against the Butler nine in the first action on the home front fn
more than two weeks.
In his last home game as coach of the Riveter nine for the ■ duration, Fehring will haVe All faltered after making six feet, -.1 t /-ii /-• one inch. Summary: either Irv Claseman or George Mile Eun—Won by Dunn, iiii- Leftwich, of the Naval Traihnois; second, Ross Hume, Michi- ing School, do the pitchlftg.
gan; third, Robert Hume, Michi-
Big Ten faculty men approved the recommendations of coaches and athletic directors at a meeting in Evanston this past week end to allow a four-week grid practice during the summer. Anticipating a scai’city of the manpower needed to maintain the nelwly formed 1943 football schedules, the Western Confercence made certain that its available gridmen, no matter how Email the turnout may be, will be highly conditioned at the start of
the season.
Selection of the time to hold the workouts, which would be open only for summer-school football prospects, was left to the discretion of the individual coaches. The only restriction was that contact work would be permitted only during the final Week of the period, the first three weeks merely giving the coaches an opportunity to get acquainted with their boys. Early Fall Prattice In addition to the summer workouts, organized fall practices will begin three weeks in advance of each school’s opening game—or by September 1—whichever is earliest. This will allow the Boilermakers, in addition to Wisconsin, and Michigan, which open their season Sept. 18, and Illinois, which opens Sept. 11, to start practices in August in preparation for their enlarged
schedules.
The conference also sanctioned the use of new students or freshmen for varsity football before the opening of fall terms. To become eligible, however, they must have presented their credentials, paid or deposited their tuition fees and thoroughly satisfied faculty men they will be bona fide students. This ruling was made especially
for Minnesota, Illinois and Michigan, whose fall terms begin in October because of the speeded-up academic schedules. Each school will be using freshmen in about three or more games before those freshmen have attended classes. Revise 1943 Schedules. In other sweeping action, the Big Ten faculty carried out its longstanding pledge of full support of military service athletic projects by revising its 1943 schedules to give three Midwestern army and navy grid combinations five gaanes each. These schools ai-e the Great Lakes Naval Ti’aining Statiop, the Navy’s Pre-Plight School at Iowa City and Camp Grant at Rockford, 111. All three service teams were on the Big Ten grid caids last Season, but there was not the scheduling equality that evolved from the week end session. Purdue, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota and Illinois will each play two service games, with Michigan, {Northwestern and Wisconsin meeting one military opponent. Under the revised program the 1943 gridiron season will be one of the longest on record. It will open on Sept. 11 and continue through Nov. 27. The revised schedule follows: Sept. 11—Camp Grant at Illinois. Sept. 12—Port Riley at Great
Lakes.
Sept. 18—Iowa Cadets at Illinois, Michigan at Camp Grant, Purdue at Great Lakes, Marquette at Wiscon-
sin.
Sept. 25—Indiana at Northwestern, Iowa at Great Lakes, Michigan State at Michigan, Missouri at Minnesota, Iowa Cadets at Ohio (See FOOTBALL, page 4)
/llinoh Baseball Team Defeats Fehringmen
By Bill Wjerk
This past week end, the Boilermaker baseball squad dropped /both halves of a doubleheader to the Illinois diaipond squad. The games were played at Champaign. In the first engagement Friday afternoon, the Riveters took it on the chin to the tune of 10-0, the first setback in five games for Coach Fehring’s squad; and in the second fracas on Saturday the Illini repeated their win of the day before, but with
Italo Rossi ExRiveter Grid Star, Leaves Great Lakes GREAT LAKES, 111., May 18—
ATTENTION!! If you are one of those people whose ball continually lands in the gutter or who is unlucky , i ahd never can beat the other fellow, come down to the Purdue Union
O'
BOWLING ALLEYS and practice after classes and in
the evenings.
o
Coeds, eds, soldiers and sailors are all welcome. Jkn fiWvdlASL lAniofL the Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
fiot quite the same amount of vigor or points to spare, 3-1. In the initial contest, things went very much the way the Illini dictated. Boilermaker pitchers Misselhorn and Kennedy gave way fourteen hits which the host squad bunched and commercialiitju On to grea? ends. The hits that the lads from Champaign diove
out were not clean drives, rath#r Another group of athletes has been taking on the form of lobs that were, transferred from the Great Lakes very unfortunately for the Riveter Naval Training Station for adsquad, placed just over the infield 7 x • • *1. j n . o,, vanced training, it was announced
and way in front of the outfield.
Those hit balls that the infield ^'^^sell should have been able to handle Athletic Officer, easily moved slowly on the water The group included Bluejacket laden ground and called for iiumer- football, baseball and basketball ous eri ors in judgment by the Boil- players and swimming instructors. eimakeis.^ The basketball men wete Dick
Poor Hitting
In the way of connecting with the (Buster) Hiller, horsehide, the Riveters did miser- George Hamburg and Fred Nimz, ably in comparison to the game with members of the 1942-’43 Sailor St. Joe where they pounded out a quintet which won 34 out of 37 total of fourteen strikes, only three m -nt .i j. T, ^ , 1 , games. Klein, foi-mer Northwestern
of the Riveter squad were able to
outfigure the biilliant Andy Phillip, basketball and baseball playei, Illini huiler, and these three swats qualified foi V-7 training and now weie well scattered. is studying at Abbott Hall, Chi-
One blight spot in the initial fray cago.
was an extiemely difficult catch by Uiller, Hamburg and Nimz’deJack Iimscher, second baseman, of base with a high lob that was destined to light ^^ber athletes. Hiller, who a consideiable distance to the rear 126 points for the Blueof the second baseman. jackets last winter, attended the
Saturday’s Game
The second game of the series, played late Saturday afternoon, was a game of a veiy dilferent calibi’e. In the first place the game was theoretically called off due to rain that was dienching the entire Midwest early in the afternoon. Late in the afternoon, about 4 o’clock, the lain stopped and it was decided to go through with the contest. Now this was not exactly according to the plans of the visiting Riveters. In fact, two members of the squad. Bill Buikhardt, shorstop, and
University of Notre Dame, while Hamburg staired at the University of Colorado before enlisting in the Navy. Nimz graduated from Stevens Point, Wis., Teachers’ College and later played with Oshkosh, Wis., piofessional champions. Russ Meers, property of the Chicago Cubs; Frank Marino, once of the Tulsa Texas League club and Clifford Clay were the baseball men to depart. All three were pitchers, Meers winning eight games and losing two last season,
^ , , . , , , , Marino scoring seven consecutive Don Lineberg, third baseman, had • , • . m , „ T j- j-j. ■ Victories and Clay winning lour and
MeVey, Harvey Win For Boilermakers In Conference Meet The University of Michigan track and field squad won the 43d annual Big Ten outdoor championship last Saturday at Evanston by ways and means that no other winning team has been able to accomplish in Big Ten history. The Wolverines won without the benefit of a first place as they fought not only their collegiate rivals but the
weather as well.
Finishing second to the Wolverines with 421^ points was Illinois, a team that beat the latter qnly two
weeks ago.
Unfortunately for Michigan, they had to share the spotlight with Dallas Dupre of Ohio State and Bob Kelley of Illinois. Dupjt.’e retained his broad jump title and he won the 100 and 220 yard dash for 15 points. Kelley won the 440 yard run and the half mile and then anchored his team to an outstanding triumph in the mile relay for perhaps the greatest individual contribution of the meet. In the 440 and again in the mile relay, Kelley out-legged the veteran runner. Bob Ufer of
Michigan.
Ben Harvey and Don MeVey furnished the scoring for the Boilermakers, Harvey placing third in the 100 and MeVey taking fourth in the 120 high hurdles. Team Point Score Michigan • 46% Illinois 42% Ohio State ... 29 Minnesota 28 Wisconsin 14% Chicago 11 Northwestern 8 Indiana 8 Purdue 5 Iowa 0 Shares High Jump Title Bob Hodgell of Wisconsin, defending champion in the high jump, had to share first honors today with Teammate Gilman Hertz and George Hoeflinger of Ohio State.
gan; fourth, Selb, Illinois; fifth, Frank Jones, Indiana. Time, 4:31.8.
Walt Hesse, the one remaininlr catcher on the squad, will Work bfe-
440-yard Dash—Won by Bob hind the plate.
Kelley, Illinois; sepnd, Ufer, Michigan; third, Glas, Michigan; fourth,
I
Walter Floyd, coach of the Btflldog team, will send either Harold
Covey, Minnesota; fifth, Falwell, filler or Claren NeuenschwdHdcr Indiana. Time, :49.8. t^e hill in today’s encounter, fhe 100-Yard Dash-^Won by Dupre, game this afternoon is the last;ljit Ohio State; second, Alkon, Michi- of collegiate competition scheduled gan; third, Harvey, Purdue; fourth, for the Bulldogs this season. Hatfield, Ohio State; fifth, Soergel, ^^6 event that it is im^oSSiHe Wisconsin. Time, : 10.2. game in progress this Sf-120-Yard High Hurdles—Won by ternoon. Coach Fehring said lhat Hlad, Chicago; second, Bekermeier, the two teams would make another Illinois; third, Geist, Ohio State; attempt on Wednesday, and il-nn-fourth, MeVey, Purdue; fifth. War- successful then, the game WoUld be field. Northwestern. Time, :16.2. rescheduled for Friday afternoon. 880-Yard Run—Won by Bob Shake-up In Batting Order Kelley, Illinois; second, Pohland, Because of the departure of Ed Minnesota; third, Matthews, Michi- an attempt to |et gan; fourth, Beile, Illinois; fifth, ^ack into winning ways, a minor Goodell, Illinois. Time, 1:58.1. shake-up in the batting order has 220-Yard Dash—Won by Dupre, been made. Tom Burger, the nfew Ohio State; second, Ufer, Michi- center fielder, has been inserted ingan; third, Alkon, Michigan; to the number two slot, and drat fourth. Matter, Illinois; fifth, Pauk- baseman Jim Jennings has bMn
ner, Wisconsin. Time, :22.9. Shot Put—Won by Gordien,
moved down to the number six poi^ition. Limeberg, third baseman 1^0
Minnesota, 46 feet 9% inches; sec- bas replaced Ehlers, will follow
ond, Kraeger, Michigan, 45 feet 8% inches; third, Deoduic, Northwestern, 45 feet 2% inches; fourth.
Jennings in the batting order. An addition has been made to. the Boilermaker schedule. A team ftdm
Gardner, Michigan, 43 feet 8% Freeman Field, Seymour, Indi^d, inches; fifth, Willis, Ohio State, 43 will oppose the diamondmen ih a feet 5 inches. Ctwin bill on Saturday, May 29. 'fliis Two-Mile Run—Won by Foslein,fweek-end will find the RiV^brs Minnesota; second, Dunn, Illinois;Bback in the Big Ten confetenCe
third, Leonardi, Michigan; fourth, Ross Hume, Michigan; fifth, Mc-
(See TRACK, page 4)
pulled out for Lafayette at two in the afternoon. However, at 6:30 in the evening the second game of the Illinois series got under way with the Riveteis using a fieshman who had never played a college baseball game before on the “hot corner’’ of the diamond, and another freshman on second, and the regular second baseman filling in at shortstop. Riveters Play Good—^Missed Breaks In tins tilt, things went well with the Boilermakers. The Fehriiigcoached squad pounded out eight Qlean hits, holding the host teaiq to a hall dozen—three of which were bunts. Jack Iimschei played a stellar game at shortstop, and Tom Bulger, center fielder, snared fly balls all over the pasture. Eddie Timm on the mound was outstanding. Both Tom Burger and Charlie Wright, light fielder, got two out of four at the plate, and Burger plasteied out one drive that took him into second standing up. Still the “bleaks” were in favor
of the Illini, and the boys from
1 j • • „ Chicago, former member of Champaign cashed in on a pair of \ ^
these “bleaks.” to gain the three
point total.
This pair of games was the opener for the Boilermakers into their Big Ten schedule, and the finale for the Illini who completed their Coiilerence play with a perfect record.
dropping one.
The football men included Italo Rossi, giant Purdue tackle; Bill Crawford, ex-Texas Christian guard, and Omer Kelly, Creighton end, who played on the Bluejacket eleven which won eight games, lost three and tied Notre Dame last three and tied Notre Dame last fall. Roger Coldagelli, former Marquette guard, who recently completed recruit training, also left. The departure of Rossi, Crawford and Kelly brought the total number of men fiom the 1942 Sailor team leaving Great Lakes to 20. Three others—Half Back John Popov of the University of Cincinnati, Quarter Back Leonard Rector of the University of Pittsburg and Edward Norris of De Paul University —were commissioned as ensigns. Dobson Burton, former sprint champion from the University of Michigan, headed the quartet of swimmers leaving- the station. The others were Alexander Gamble of
the
Illinois Athletic Club water polo team; George Cook, also qf Chicago, once a life guard for the Chicago Paik District, and Ted Singer, Waukegan, 111., who attended the
Univei.sity of Illinois.
IM Schedules Cary Hall Softball Tuesday, May 18—6:45 Diamoiid^— 19 Unit 1 vs Unit 2 20 Unit 3 vs Unit 4
21 Ward 2 vs Ward 3 22 Ward 4 vs Ward 11 23 Ward 4A vs Westminster
Ward Softball (Practice) 'fuesday. May 18—6:45 17 Ward 14 vs Ward 6 18 Ward 7 vs Owen Ilou&e
Ward Softball (Practice) Wednesday, May 19—6:45 Diamond— 19 Ward 1 vs Ward 12 20 Ward 13 vs Mai wood 21 Rochdale vs Circle Pines 22 Dover vs Ward 5 23 Ward 9 vs Ward 8
Editor’s Note; Today’s ripples were started by Ray Smith.
Harvey And MeVey Score Congratulations to Ben Harvey and Don MeVey for the showing that they made at the Conference meet last Saturday. Harvey was third in the 100 yard dash, and MeVey fourth in the high hurdles to give the Riveters ninth place in the Big Ten standings with five points. Iowa’s j'our man tracksquad failed to garnei a point. In their first year of collegiate competition these two runners have done quite well for themselves and foi Purdue. MeVey was not a hurdler while in high school but has learned the timber-topping art quite will in the past year. Baseball Today? If it is at all possible, local baseball fans will h^ve a chance to hear the umpire yell “play ball” this afternoon at 4 o’clock when the Butler Bull dogs invade Ross Field. This will be the first game at home for Dutch Fehring’s squad since it took/two games from St. Joe a little more than two weeks ago. Let’s see a good crowd at Ross Field this afternoon, for this is the last home game for Dutch before he leaves the team for the duration. Bad Conditions Af Illinois According to reports on last Saturday’s game at Urbana with the' Illinois nine, the teams met under rather adveise conditions. The game originally scheduled for 3 o’clock was postponed until 5:15. At 3 o’clock water was laying on the skin part of the diamond between second and third bases. In spite of the soggy underfooting the game \\as played after 6:15 Saturday afteiiToon. Tough Grid Schedule From the appearance of the recently formed football schedule it appears that Elmer Burnham and the Boileimakeis have their work cut out for them next fall. The schedule calls for nine contests and not a so-calftd breather in the entire list of opponents. At the presetn time smiling Elmer Burnham has, at the most, two members of last season’s team, and by the time next September 18 rolls around it is very likely that no experienced playeis will be available. Foot-ball Help-Maybe On the other hand 111 the next foui months l;iefore the time for the opener with Great Lakes arrives a great manyHhings may happen to bolster the chances of Purdue having a^good season. Should the Aimy and Navy decide to allow the students that they send here for training to participate m the intercollegiate contests it is very likely that Elmer Burnham and his very capable salt could produce a w imiiiig combination.
competition when they traVel tq Madison to engage in a tyo gAine series with the Wisconsin Ba(l§64r3. The probable lineup battin|f der for the Boilermakers this afternoon is as follows: Friend l.f. Burger c.f. ’ Burghardt s.s. Wright r.f. Irmscher 2b Jennings lb Limeberg 3b
Hesse c
Claseman or Leftwich p
IM Schlidlllis
4
9
Fraternity Softball Wednesday, May 18—6:45
Diamond—
1 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta
Tau Delta
2 Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Pi 3 Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Chi
Phi Kappa Psi vs Beta
Pi
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs
Acacia
Sigma Nu vs Theta Chi , Lambda Chi Alpha vs Delta Rho ^ Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Epsilon Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma ]^-
pha Mu
10 Theta Xi vs Alpha 'fhu
Omega
11 Delta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Ep-
silon
12 Triangle vs Tau Kappa Ep-
silon
13 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Sigma Psi 14 Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Delta
Theta
15 Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Sigma Kappa 15 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Kappa Sigma 17 Phi Kappa vs Army “C” 18 Army “A” vs Army “B”
Sigrna Delta Psi Sigma Delta Psi tests to be given Tuesday evening at 4 are as follows: Football Punt Baseball 'riivow Shot Put
iff
ftsf- -v'l -!<*>* P--
“ ’>Y . .jC}
^4**
#!w"
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday^ May 18, 19J43
Ummertime Calls Students 0 Columbian Park Again
Numerous Attractions Draw Eds, Coeds Across River By Mary Ruth Erb Ah, what is so fine as a day in June, A sw im, a ball game, a bandstand tune, A dance, a boat, and a silvery moon?
PIA To Hold Second Nurses Aide Callout It was announced yesterday afternoon by Betty Jane Ribordy, women’s social chairman of P.I.A., that another call-out will be held
Dean Reed Shows Many Difficulties Of Food Production Weather, labor and farm machinery are the largest factors in^today’s food problem’s according to a statement made by H. J. Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture yesterday. Weather conditions prevailing at the present time will have only a delaying effect on the food program a a whole if we have a late fall, said Reed, “but should our first frost
Radio Club To Hold Group To Hear Callout For Summer Talk On Treaty Members Friday, 7:15 Of Versailles
Notices
Ex-Cary Club Men: Who have lived in Cary Hall for^our or more semester^ And are not organized, may make applidation for Asspeiate Membership in Ca^ OlUb to Jim Bowen, Koom 430, CHS. —30WEN
m.,
and as before it is
Track
(Continued from page 3) Kean, Chicago. Time, 9:49.3.
220-Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Hlad, Chicago; second, Pmney, Michigan; third, Adams, Minnesota; fouith. Matter, Illinois; fifth, Franck, Northwestern. Time, :24.7. Discus Throw—Won by Gordien, Minnesota, 151 feet 4 inches; second, Dugger, Ohio State, 133 feet 9 inches; third, Fullerton, Illinois, 131 feet 10 inches; fourth, Hayes, Indiana, 126 feet 8 inches; fifth,
Eckberg, Minnesota, 124 feet.
Broad Jump—Won by Dupre, Ohio State, 24 feet 1 inch; second, McFadzean, Wisconsin, 23 feet 1014 inches; third, Steele, Indiana, 23 feet 4% inches; fourth, Matter, Illinois, 23 feet 1% inches; fifth.
duction in the corn and soybean production areas would be cut 25
per cent.
Muck Crop Affected By Rain “Wheat, drowned by the present floods in the river bottoms will be replaced by soybeans around the first of July, but this will decrease
Altlibugh the first call-out was amount of available livestock well responded to, according to fee(j_ Also land already prepared Miss Ribordy, it was brought to her g^-gp planting will have to be attention that many of the coeds j-^ade ready again after the water
-open to all coeds whether or not they are P.I.A. members. Those coeds who attended the first call-
out need not appear again.
S&ch SUnHUer Columbian Park proves to be the scene and .j-ijjg evening in conjunction with the early as last year, around the object of student interest. A Sunday summer afternoon junior Nurses’ Aid program being the ^middle of^ September,^ food ^ro-
haS seldom failed to attract scores of Universityites to the big sponsored by the P.I.A.
city and its most popular recreational facility. The call-out will be held in the
The swimming pool, just six years old, is the newest addi- ion at 7 p
tion. It is the best and only outdoor pool within the vicinity and may readily be considered the finest not only in Indiana, but in the entire Middle West. It is circular in shape, its'depth I'anging from one to ten feet, with a sand beach, several va-ried-length diving boards, and many different kinds of water equipment, including slides and ladders. The pool will accommodate 2,000 persons comfortably and is often filled to capacity on warm after-
noon*.
The dressing rooms in the atti active and model nistic natatorium are spacious and sanitaiy. A check system has been established, so valuables are safe. Dance Floor Ptovided Upstairs in the same building
who would have liked to attend were eni oiled in the Marriage course and were hence unable to attend that evening. It is for their benefit primarily that this second
call-out is being held.
AWS
(Continued fioin page 1)
there is a juke box and a dance floor, Buffmire, Northwestern, 22 feet 3
with a soda foundtain at one end of inches.
the long room which oveilooks the pool. There are also balconies at
either end of the loom.
South of the swimming pool is the animal house, the bear den, and the bird cages, with inhabiiants ranging from the huge elephant.
Lipco, to tiny white mice and horn- jjggflmger, Ohio State, 6 feet 1
inch; fouith, Gardner, Michigan, 6
mg pigeons.
At the othei side of the Paik is the new Recreational Center, more commonly called the ball diamonds. Beneath the shaded bleachers and grandstand there aie lefreshment booths, dressing rooms and executive offices. It is there that the fiieworks celebrations are held each Independence and Labor Day.
Tennis Courts
To the west of the Center aie the teijnis courts, four of them, each " with cement flooring and nets intact. I ‘ Next to the tennis courts aie the horseshoe squares and ^he croquet courts. There aie also the pony ring (for childien only) and a large
play grounds.
Monkeys Live On Island
members of this committee are appointed, and so acts as an objective
for workers.
The defense committee acts as a working link between the coeds and the various war activities in the community. The social end of AWS is handled by the social committee, who takes care of all dances, teas, etc. The activities committee keeps track of" all extra-curricular activities open to girls on campus and their participation in them.
Election Committee
There is also the election committee in charge of elections, and the publicity committee which makes
Dale and Stioia, both of Michigan, pQg^-gj.g^ v'rites stories publiciz-
Mile Relay—V/on by Illinois (Gonzales, Beile, Vranek, Kelley); second, Michigan; third, Minnesota; fourth, Northwestern; fifth,
Indiana. Time, 3:26.8.
High Jump—Tied for first Hertz and Hodgell, both of Wisconsin, and
feet; tied for fifth. Matter, Illinois,
Moreau, Wisconsin, 5 feet 10
inches.
Pole Vault—Won by Defield, Minnesota; second, Segula, Michigan; tied tor third. Matter, Illinois, and Phelps, Illinois; tied for fifth, Chatain, Northwester n; Rider, Chicago; Moody, Michigan, and Peterson, Minnesota. Height, 13
Football
(Continued from page 3)
State, Wisconsin at Camp Giant. Oct. 2—Illinois at Purdue, Iowa Cadets at Indiana, Wisconsin at
.^t the edge of the play grounds Iowa, Michigan at Northwestern, is the monkey island, an artistic Nebraska at Minnesota, Missouri at project of several years ago. The Ohio State, Marquette at Camp monkeys live in a rocky island Grant, Michigan State at Great
home, and are surrounded by several Lakes.
feet of water. The little animals Qct. 9—Illinois at Wisconsin, Inclimb about on the ladders, mimic diana at Nebraska, Iowa Cadets at
the children, and spend a gieat deal of time picking fleas from one another, much to the amusement of
those who are looking on.
Poui times during the summer a reasonably prominent conceit band, each one of the four being different, present an afternoon of music from the depths of the small bandstand, natuially attracting a large crowd, particularly older people. The music can be heard easily
throughout the park.
The Pavilion, of older style architecture, IS the general meeting place oi students, taking the place of the comer drug stole, and it is quite famous for its “nickel sodas”. Boating On Man Made Lake Nowadays the boating is perhaps the most popular evening facility. For the compaidti\ely huge manmade lake, dotted by thiee goodsized islands, is in constant employ by*^ all OI the five-passenger low-
lowa, Notie Dame at Michigan, Ohio State at Great Lakes, Camp Grant at Purdue, Illinois at Wiscon-
sin.
Oct. 16—Pittsbuigh at Illinois, Indiana at Iowa, Camp Grant at Minnesota, Great Lakes at Northwestern, Purdue at Ohio State, Notre Dame at Wisconsin, Iowa Cadets at Missouri. Oct. 23—Illinois at Notre Dame, Wisconsin at Indiana, Iowa at Purdue, Minnesota at Michigan, Noithwestein at Ohio State, Camp Grant at Michigan State. Oct. 30—Michigan at Illinois, Indiana at Ohio State, Minnesota at Noithwestein, Purdue at Wisconsin, Great Lakes at Missouri. Nov. 6—Illinois at Iowa, Indiana at Michigan, Purdue at Minnesota, Northwestern at Wisconsin, Ohio State at Pittsbuigh, Gieat Lakes at Michigan State, Iowa Cadets at
bo^ts, twenty ot them in nuijibei. Maiquette.
Scattered thioughout the lake aie waiter lilies and othei water plants. Three atractive, eighteenth century styled bridges connect the islands
to the mainland.
The islands aie banked by large rocks and aie )jiotusely supplied with flow'ei-boideied jiaths, ininiatuie gardens, willow tiees and gieen, w'oodeii benches.
History Ot Park
The Paik was oiiginally E. M. Weaver’s pastuie, loity acres of w'asteland. Mi Weavei, a Lalayette pioiieei fiom Viiginia, donated the land to the city Adams,Ear 1
was named first paik coniinissionei, and, although the land was appiopnated in 1876, it was not named and incorporated until 1893, Mi. Karl's daughtei sugge.sted the name, in honor ot the Columbian Exjiosition wliicli was just ^taiting in Chi-
cago at that time.
This month Columbian Paik will celebrate its Golden Jubilee loi .50 years of constant development At the present time. Mi E J. Vaughan
is the sujieririteiHlent,
Nov. 13—Illinois at Ohio State, Gieat Lakes at Indiana, Iowa at Minnesota, Wisconsin at Michigan, Nolle Dame at Northwestern, Michigan State at Puidue, Iowa Cadets at Camp Giant. Nov 20—Illinois at Noithw'estein, Puulue at Indiana, low'a at Nebraska, Ohio State at Michigan, Lakes at Ma'quette, Iowa Cadets at Nolle Uaine. / Nov 27—Iowa Cadets at MinncWisconsin at Minnesota, Gieat sola, Gieat Lakes at Notie Dame. Prof. Hall To Speak At Meeting Tonight I’l oJ 0 F Hal], ol the dcpaitI'lent ol education and ajiplied psychology, will be the speaker at an ojien meeting of Kapjia Delta Pi, education honoiaiy, to be held tonight at 7 30 in loom 307 of the
Fnion
ing all enterprises. Theie is opportunity foi gills with varied interests to find a place on any of the committees, thus becoming active members of AWS. Mrs. Webb Presents Technical Paper JIis. Josephine Webb, a university graduate w'lth a B.S. degree in electrical engineering, ’40, was the only W'oman in a group of 150 engineers to present a paper at the technical meeting of the Association of Electrical Engineers lecently. The paper entitled, “The Skin Effect in Bimetallic Conductois” received mention in Power Plant Engineering. Mis. Webb, IS the wife and cowoiker of H. J. Webb, also a univoisity giaduate in electrical engiiieci ing in 1940 and employed in the Westing house Laboratories at Pittsbuigh as a research engineei. Dr. Kerr Publishes Psychology Paper Di. W. A. Keir who obtained his Ph. D. degree in the Division of Education and Applied Psychology in June, 1942, has just published a paper in the Psychological Bulletin under he title. The Psychological Background ol Industiial Broadcasting. This article is ol paiticulai interest to those interested in the psychology of radio and to industrial managements who broadcast in industrial plants as a moral measure. Kerr did dis doctoial leseaich under the diiection of Di. H. 11, Remmers who hold a Univeisity Reseaich Foundation Fellowship. He developed an instiument to measure home envu onment of school pupils. Since receiving his degree he has been Diiectoi of Psychological Research with the Radio Coipoiation of America. Rev. Sprunger . . . who IS wd'iking on his doctoiate has been gianted a Research Foundation Fellowship by the Univeisity. Untler this fcllow'ship he will make an investigation of pas-toi-paiishionei lelationships. This leseaich is being done uiulei the Education and Apjilied Psycliology Depai tnient
(
Edwin Gratonik toiniei student and son of Ml. and Mis. Stanley Giatoiuk 4742 Diummond St. E, _phicago, ind., giadualed Irom the Naval Air 'J’laining Centei at Coi pus-Ghi isti.
recedes, thus delaying the harvesting of the crops for some time.” Total Yields Down 10-15 Percent Dean Reed gave an estimate of the total feed jiroduction this year when he said even with a normal year, total yield will be down 10 or 15 pecent. “This,” he said, “will necessitate marketing the hogs and other livestock in the spring of 1944 and the reduction of the livestock herds. This in turn will cause a shoitage of meats in the fall of next year which will in all probability see the American people’s diet changing to potatoes and soybeans
and cereals.”
A more cheerful note was introduced when Reed said “that the chances are that our fall will be late and thus the piocluction of food will not be hampered greatly.” Play In Frafernify Tennis Advances Interfiaternity tennis both singles and doubles; started last week. The tournament is an elimination contest; the wiiinei having to last
four rounds.
Partial first round lesults in the singles found the Sigma Nil’s victorious over Alpha Kappa Labcla, Kappa Delta Rho over Phi Kajrpa Ssi, Theta Xi over Phi Kappa by a forfeit, and Phi Delta Theta defeated Phi Kappa Tan. Also, the Sigma Chi’s best Delta Chi, Beta Sigma Psi won over Sigma Pi by a forfeit, and Sigma Phi Epsilon suffered defeat from Alpha
Tail Omega.
In the doubles forfeits advanced Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, Alpha Chi Rho, and Alpha Kappa Labda. Psi Kappa Sigma beat Tau Epsilon Phi, Alpha Tau Omega won over Kappa Delta Rho, Sigma Nu defeated Theta Xi, Delta Chi downed Triangle, and Acacia eliminated Sigma Chi.
Purdue Radio Club will hold its first meeting of the summer semester in room 12 in the Electrical Engineering building Friday evening, May 21 at 7:15, The purpose of the meejiing is to ascertain whether the club shall continue its activities during the summer term; the deciding factor will be the number attending this meeting. All radio amateurs, experimenters, short wave listeners, prospective licenses, etc., interested in continuing their association with ham radio at the University must not fail to attend this meeting. The meeting will be presided over by Robert Freyman, secretarytreasurer, and R. C. Webb, club sponsor. If the turnout is sufficient, election of officers will be held. A tour of the club radio station, W9YB, will follow. Membership in the club is open to army and navy trainees as well as to all University men and women. Coed Helps Teacher Hunt Night Crawlers Introduced with the recent spring showers is one wet story concerning the popular young biology instructor, M. A. Espenshade. On one rainy night recently, he was seen crouched over the crosswalk between the library and the chem annex vigorously snatching large fat night crawlers from their holes to the great amusement of the passing students. Cues of, “Going fishing?” in no way dampened Espie’s spirits as he stood staunchly in a puddle frantically waving his flash light in search of new victims. One timid little coed overcame her fears and spent a wet evening aiding in the invigoiating work. The total haul was estimated to be nearly 300 individuals of the lumbricus tcircstris variety with top honois for the largest specimen going to the brave little coed whose vigorous SCI earns brought the prize specimen to Espenshadc’s atten-
tion.
“Versailles Ti’eaty in 1943” is the topic of the discussion to be led by Hans Wormsek at this evening’s meeting of the International Relations Club. The group will meet at the University Presbyterian Church at 7:15 p. m. Han Wormser, born / in Europe, has seen first hand the effects of the Versailles Treaty. At present he is a junior in the Mechanical Engineering School. He will bring to the meeting a condensed version of the treaty as well as pre-war maps. ' The Versailles Treaty is of utmost importance in our present economic, social and political state of affiairs. It is referred to as the immediate base for our present war. In this discussion the IRC hopes to present the treaty’s history, its making and its breaking during the past decade. The speaker will try to bring out some of its constructive points and destructive actions. In this manner the gi-oup will be able to find some answers to a lasting peace after this war. SAE To Celebrate 50th ^Anniversary Tonight Sigma Alpha Epsilon, social fraternity, is to celebrate its fiftieth anniversary today with a banquet at the chapter house. The fraternity was founded on May 18, 1893, by Harold U. Wallace, and at the time there were only five other fraternities on the campus. The banquet is to be attended by members of the faculty who are in the fraternity and some of the chapter’s alumni who live close enough to make the tup. H. G. Venemann . . . associate professor of Refrigeration in the school of Mechanical Engineering, published 111 the May issufe of Ice and Refrigeration the initial article in a senes to be titled “instiuctions for the Operation and Maintenance of Refrigerating plants. The article appeals as an introduction and paitically covers the maintenance of
compressois.
CAP
(Continued tiom page 1)
Piofessor Canfield of the Electiical Eng me Cling School especially stresses the great amount of time lequiied of membeis to complete aviation problems, flying houis,
and attend meetings.
It IS necessary that this be a solo activity for every membei. Home Ec. Dept. . . . will sponsor a sound movie film, “You Can, Too” which will be shown tomoiiow afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. All coeds are invited to attend.
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Addirip mat nines all makcfi sold rented repaired and purcha^'ul MiTneograph work done C J. Ebershofr, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779, Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, hrprg ige, typewriters. Albert’s Loan
OTTice, 407 Columbia
Wanted—W.iittr lor fiatt i nilv house Call G Guyacs at Tau hpsilon Phi Phone 7724 Wanted Studt nt "ppi sttlkis Api)l\ Memoiial Union Ihnlding Bowlintr Alltvs, afternodn or evLunig horns, Ascragt pay,
70 tents ptr hoiu
Lost—Lad\'s Diamond Plamillon uaUh at Happy IIolhA P( rsonally \aluabU to own(.1 Libcial lew aid B J 1079
Secretaries of Honoraries and Organizations: Please bring your copy for yobr page in the Debris to the Debris Workshop immediately. If you have not been contaoted about your copy, please call at the Iwbris office at once. —RENTSCH Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the Summer Term Registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar's Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting next Tuesday night at 7:30 in room 307 of the Union. Dr. Hall will speak. It will be open ^ to juniors and seniors in education. There will be a short business meeting, during which a new secretary will be elected. —JOHNSON^ Education Students: Kappa Delta Pi invites you to attend an open meeting next Tuesday night at 7:3Q p. m. in room *307 of the Union Dr. Hall from the Sociology Department will speak on “Problems of Rural Youth”. It should be of special interest to anyone who plans to teach. —JOHNSON Triton Club: Meeting will be held at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, May 18. ■—BROWNE Skull and Crescent: Important business has come up. Meet in loom 307 of the Union Thursday, May 20, at 7:30 p. m. Please attend. —MARWOOD Alpha Piii Omega: Keys arc in. They may be obtaintd from Burton Kuck,. ro6m 129, Caiy Hall. ■—KUCK AWS Executive Board: Meeting tonight at 7.15 in AWS office. Be prompt.
—VEIT
C. E. 41: An examination for the removal of conditions and incomplctes will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, at 1:30 p. m. on Saturday, May 29. Permission to toko the examination must be obtained from the undeisigned bcfoie May 26th. —GREVE Omicron Nu; Meeting Tuesday, May 18, at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. —BEALL Purdue Radio Club: Important meeting in loom 12 of the Electrical building Priday, May 21, at 7 15 p. m All persons interested are uigcd to attend this meeting. —PAGLIARULO Undergraduate Dames: Business meeting will be held Tuesday, May 18. at 7:30 p. m. in the Union building, room 261, All mcmbcis attend —WENDELL Union Board: Board meeting Tuesday, Ma> 18, at 5 p m in Student Union office. —HILLER SCA: Mteting Tuesday, May 18, at 7:30 p m in Union. —LOCKHART All Students: Examinations to remove Gi*ade 2 in Mathematics will bo held on Satuida> May 22, at 1 10 p m. m room 218, Recitation Building Peimits must be obtained at the Mathematics OfTiee not la^cr than rnclay, May 21.
—AYRES
IRC: Uhe next meeting of the International Relations Club will be held Tuesday, Maj 18, at 7 15 p m in the lounge of the UnivGisitv Pie^-byteiian Church. Hsns Woimsei will present a short talk on “Versailles Treaty in 1913’ ’to be followed by a group discussion —ODELL Kappa Delta Pi • Please report to room 307 of the Union at 7 p m Thursday before the meeting for a Debris picture to be taken, —JOHNSON All Students: Tliere are several openings in Cook County scholaiship awards Application blanks may be sccuied by contacting the olFice of the Division of Education Roftiiing, room 313, Executive building Junlojs and s< niois of good standing from Cook County, III , high schools are eligible. . —REMMERS
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS IN BALLROOM DANCING BY APPOINTMENT PHONE 2150 P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
All lumoi;-, and seiiiois majoring and was coinmishioiied an ensign in in ediK.ition aie invited to attend, the IJ. S, Nav<il An Reserve.
FULL POUND
with scoop
Afler a hard day’s working, shopping or gad-aboutmg, relax completely in a soft, fleecy, cloud of fragrant, luxurious bubbles. You’ll love it! You’ll look forward to it! Sutton’s Bubble Bath is grand
It cleanses
it softens the water
it leaves the tub fresh and clean. In your faiorite fragrance, too. ^pplc Blossom, Spice, Gaidcnia, American Pine, and Honeysuckle,
2 lb. Site ... $1.00 Dustins Powder _
59c
Toiletries
Sireet Floor
fiyER
»SK
ON *
enWt'**
1
"HOW ABOUT A
"LECTURES OVrp. WE'RE ON OUR OWN NOW"
"HELP YOURSELF, MEN. I KEEP A FEW DOLLARS IN NICKELS JUST FOR *C0KE TIME'
"THANK YOU, SIR ^ -I'VE GOT A REAL THIRST"
"Remember reading that in your newspaper? That’s a real story from the South Pacific. When it’s time to stand by for refreshment, that’s the job for ice-cold Coca-Cola. Goes right where thirst comes from and refreshment comes to- take its place. That’s why nothing takes the place of ice-cold Coca-Cola. It has a taste and refreshing qualities all its own.”
BOniED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY
COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. 6fh and Salem Sts. Lafayette,
Ind.
it!
1
'T I
k. 'S