This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY April 26, 1938 Lafayette, Indiano VOL. 49 No, 163
(Briirei 213 Tonight
Activity Elections Hold Campus Interest Today
Ex-Amhulance Driver , •
Independent' Students Urged To Cast Ballots “I should like to urge every member to cast his ballot in the election today,'’ stated R. B. Maby, candidate for the presidency of the Purdue Independent Association. Maby is running, along with nine other aspirants for offices, on an independent ticket, contrary to rumors started last week that parties would be formed. When contacted last night several of the candidates said they knew nothing of the proposed cliques. Emphasizing the fact that they were all in the “dark,” Mary Wien, trying for the co-ed executive position stated, “It is contrary to PIA custom to form political parties in in the election of its officers. May the best candidate win.” Election In Union The election will be held in the lobby of the Union today from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. In order to vote for any of the following office-seek-ers, one must show his passport and membership card. The ballots read thus: for president, R. D. Maby and D. K. Wells; for vice-presi-dent, R. Heine and R. Jenkins; for co-ed executive, Mary Wien; for treasurer, F. C. Baase, E. W. Hackney, and J. E. Hinshaw; for secretary, E. Jayne Myer and Mary G. Yeager. D. K. Wells could not be reached and theiefore no statement was issued by him concerning the elections. All 10 petitions, each containing 25 signatures, were in yesterday, making the above-named students completely eligible for office. Campaigning began some time ago, but a gentleman’s agreement was made td the effect that no money would be spent for this purpose. Appoint Others The newly-elected officers will appoint the remaining members of the cabinet at g meeting Monday, May 2. The petitions for these appointments may still be turned in up to and including that date. Both Maby and Wells are juniois and aie active in their organization. The majority of the other aspirants are sophomores. PIA Delegates Return Prom Oklahoma Meeting The University PIA delegation returned at 10 a. m. yesterday from Norman, Okla., where they attended the first National Independent meeting that was held at University of Oklahoma. Bob Schlundt, PIA president, Jerry Hinshaw, Bob Bauman, Ralph Maby, and Dave Meacham were accompanied by Auf Carr of the Butler Independent As-.-lOciation. They report that the meeting was a huge success and many new ideas were introduced. Over 100 delegates from 27 different universities attended the convention. Estey Will Lecture Tomorrow To AAUP A talk by Prof. J. A. Estey, of the history and economics department, will be given to the American Association of University Professors on “Depression, Recovery and Higher Education,” at a dinner meeting at 6:16 tomorrow. Estey will discuss the various aspects of the extensive study made by the Y Committee, which is an active part of the association. The report of the Committee has been published as a book of more than 500 pages. The nominating committee will also make its report on new officers. Tickets for the dinner are 66 cents, and may be obtained at the dinner, or by calling Prof. F. H. Hodge.
Senators Go To Polls To Choose President As the balloting gets under way in the Student Senate elections today three candidates will have their hats in the presidential ring. These three are: S. G. Elliott, Ag '39; J. H. Jacobi, Chem. Eng. ’39; and R. Schumacher PS ’39. During the past school year they have held the following positions: Clarence G. Elliott—Chairman of the elections committee; chgirman of the committee for the organization of the first flag raising ceremony; regional chairman of the NSFA; daily chairman on receiving desk of the student book exchange; and member of the committee for the selection of the prom queen. J. H. Jacobi—chairman of the committee for securing the Indiana game holiday; chairman of the NSFA housing and meals committee; member of the committee for the selection of the prom queen; chauman of committee to appeal to the Executive Committee concerning student I’epiesentation; co-chaii-man of the special elections committee; and chairman of the junioi pipe committee. Held Positions Robert Schumachei—chairman of committee in charge of smoking legulations; business manager of the student handbook; personnel chaiinian of the Student Senate; member of convocation committee; chairman of NSFA enteitainment committee; chan man of Thanksgiving holiday committee; membei of special elections committee; and the daily chairman on leceiving desk of the students book exchange. John R. Keck, fouith nominee has withdrawn his candidacy. Annual Exponent Banquet Set For Sunday Evening Arrangements have just been completed for the annual banquet for all Exponent staff members to be held in the Union faculty lounge Sunday evening at 5:30. All students actively connected with the paper are eligible to attend. Present program cans lor an infoimal get-together for editorial, co-ed, business, and sports %taffs. W. G. Gude, Exponent editor ’25, will be on hand to tell present workers something of Exponent activities of former years. Gude is now with the Penton Publishing Company 6'f Cleveland, 0., and is a native of Lafayette. All staff members who will be able to attend are requested to sign attendance lists posted in both the east side and the Union Exponent offices. PM Department Presents Four More Films Today A program of movies dealing with varied subjects will be presented today and tomorrow at 4 o’clock, in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The films will deal with: “The Work of Rivers, “Electrons,” “Water Bugs,” and “The Dodder.” This is the seventh in a series of programs being presented through the cooperation of the Visual Education Bureau of Indiana University. Professor Washburn . . . . . . head of Cornell’s art department, will be in the music room of the Union after 4 p. m. today and tomorow to give personal interviews to interested students.
Faculty^ Students^ Townsmen To Join In Gala Revival Of Old SDX Affair
Robert Colodny
Spanish Civil War Ambulance Driver To Speak On Peace In conjunction with a nation-wide strike for peace over one million students in colleges throughout the country will leave their classes at 11 a. m. tomoriow. Classes will not be dismissed heie, students may hear Robert Colodny, who spent last year as an ambulance drive in the Spanish Civil War, speak on his experiences at 11 a. m. in Fowler Hall. The Purdue Peace Committee repiesenting the Pin due Student Alliance, the Pin due Christian Foundation, the Roger Williams Club, the Wesley Foundation, and the Pmdue Union of Jewish Youth is backing the stiike. The movement has been ordeied by the United Student Peace Committee, with “Lift the embaigo on Loyalist Spam” as its keynote. Giving a woman’s attitude towaid war, Miss Helen Spaulding, of the United Christian Brethren in Indianapolis, will speak and lead a “fast for peace” at 12 noon in the faculty lounge of the Union. All who attend aie expected to contribute the amount they would ordinarily spend for lunch to a pehce fund that will help defi ay the cost of the confeience heie. Thui sday at 7;30 p. m., in the lectin e room of the EE Building, a free showing of “All Quiet on the Western Front,” stalling Lew Ayres and Slim Summeiville, will complete the peace progiam. Airport Dance . . . . . . tickets go on sale today at Deac’s, Southworth’s, west Union desk, and Prof. G. A. Young’s office. All 'members of the Glider and Flying clubs are also offering the tickets for sale at $1 each. Lou Schilling and his campus orchestra will play for the dance, Friday, May 13.
San Carlo Group Presents ^Carmen’ To Packed House By R. J. Deckard Singing to a capacity audience in the Jefferson high school gymnasium last night, the San Carlo Opera Company, an established operatic institution in modern lyric enterprises, heeded the call of musicenthusiasts in the vicinity of Lafayette and presented the opera, “Carmen.” Received appreciatively by the beginning of the four-act opera, which was written by George Bizet, the Fortune Gallo conducted opera ensemble pei’foimed the standard repertoire of operatic numbers. Acting and dancing reached a high plane during the piesentation. Opera Cast Cast of characters in the evening’s program, which was sung in French included Carmen, Maru Castagna, mezzo-soprano; Don Jose, Aroldi Lindi, tenor; Escamillo, Mostyn Thomas, baritone; Micaela Leola Turner, soprano; and Zuniga, Harold Kravitt, basso. Among the familiar arias sung by the musical ensemble, which was accompanied by the orchestra were “Gift of My Mother,” the “Toreador Song,” “Micaela Aria,” “Flower Song,” and “Habaneia.” Carlo Peroni' conducted the orchestra. Dances were presented by the San Carlo Opera Ballet. Degering To Speak A! ACbS Heeling Seveial Purdue faculty membei s and students will attend the ninth biennial meeting of the Indiana division of the American Chemical Society to be held at the Hotel Severin in Indianapolis, Fiiday and Saturday. Many leading chemists have been obtained as speakers for the meeting. Among the most prominent of these speakers will be Dr. Ed. F. Degering of the Purdue chemistry department. Faculty members, and junior and senior chemical students who attend the gatheiing will have an opportunity to make inspection trips to a number of industrial plants to see theoretical chemistry in actual piactice. The group is scheduled to visit the Real Silk Hosiery Mills, U. S. Rubber Woiks, Fairmont Glass Works, Citizens Gas Co., and the Indianapolis Water Co.
Campus ^Guns^ Claim 6.7 Hours Sleep Per Day^ 12.2 Hours Fun Per Week-End
By Jerry Torrence, Jr. How much time does the average student spend in study, in sleep, in recreation, and in activities ? How many hours of the day can he account for ? These have long been a source of curiosity to your writer, so with pencil inv hand, he walked about the campus in search of socalled “big shots.” Said Debris Editor Ehinger, “As I am carrying only 14 hours and spend only four hours a day in class, I only study an hour a day.” He went on with his summary to state that he spent a daily average of six hours in sleep, two in recreation, four in activity, and one in bull sessions. On week-ends he spends 10 hours in ^neral recreation. ' ^ Studies F*oi^ Hours Football Captain Mihal of the PE school stated that he spent four hours in study, six in sleep, four in
Sigma Delta Chi tonight will be host to a conglomerate group of 200 facultymen, townspeople, and students, as they assemble in the Union ballroom at 6i30 for a gala reincarnation of the traditional Gridiron Razz Banquets. Roastmaster will be absolute master of all ceremonies of the evening and will direct razz mercilessly at one and all. A seating plan of the ballroom has been arranged and will be posted in the hall tonight, in order that everyone may quickly find his seat. Give Awards Two serious moments will invade the evening’s fun, when the Leather Medal and the Good Teacher Medallion are awarded. The Leather Medal is given each year to the faculty member who has done the most for Purdue University during the previous 12 months. New this year, the Good Teacher Medallion is now being engraved in Indianapolis. It will consist of an octagonal bronze plate, suitably inscribed and mounted on an octagonal chestnut plaque. The script on the bronze plate will be inlaid with silver and will include the name of the winning good teacher. Three other awards will be made during the course of the evening—these in the spirit of razz. The Lily prize will be dedicated to the student with the most social achievements, while the Brown Derby will be awarded to the student who gets by with the least effort. The Gold Derby will be placed on the head of the faculty member who loafs most on the job. Guests To Act Script for the razz skits is nearly complete, as final plans for the banquet are being drawn up. SDX men have written numerous original playlets, in which many of the actors will be the banquet guests. Student Senate Committee Evolves Two Plans; Hay Launch New Activity On University Campus
his activity, and two in general recreation and bull sessions, as a daily average. On week-ends he spends only three hours in general recreation. Of football and baseball he said, “It’s a great opportunity for physical buildup, and is good character and mental training. You meet a lot of people, too.” Hub Boyer, junior intramural manager, is one who really believes in week-end recreation, claiming a total of 24 hours. He claims a daily average of three hours for study, seven hours for sleep, 1% for his activity, and two hours for general recreation and bull sessions. “In my activity, I get to meet people, learn how to handle men, and have lots of fun in general,” remarked Hub. Sully Mason and Sam Samuelson, Union vice-presidents, gave very similar time budgets. Respectively as a daily average, they accounted (Continued on page 2)
A new activity will be offered to University students if one of the two plans, drawn up by the Student Senate’s committee m charge of investigating general student dissatisfaction in regard to the management of “Of Thee I Sing,” is accepted. These plans, explained by Robert I. Schumacher, chairman of the Senate committee, last night, are designed to nullify all student objections to this year’s show. The Senate, at its next business meeting, will recommend one of the submitted plans to the Executive Committee for further action. Students To Petition The production will be an activity in itself,” stated Schumacher, when asked the main difference between the new plans and the system used this year. “Students will petition for jobs on various committees in their freshman year,” he continued, “and then they will be in a position to work their way up.” Faculty Approves Plan One plan, which has been approved by faculty members, provides for a board of eight governors. Acting on this board will be the presidents of the Student Union, WSGA, Student Senate, and PIA, the chairman of the show, the director of the show, the University musical director, the University dramatics director, and a faculty representative at large. Under the board of governors and at the top post in actual production work will be a show director. This officer will be a faculty member with experience along the lines required by a campus musical production. Next in power to the director and working hand-in-hand with him, will be the show chairman —a student. Staff Divisions Under these two leading officers, there will be three major divisions of the staff’, one of which will be headed by a student. Three other managers in this division will be faculty members. In the other plan submitted by Schumacher, the managers of the three major divisions of the staff
will be students. The Exponent editor will replace the show chairmen on the board of directors in this plan. The smallest divisions of the production staff will be the usual playshop committees, on which frosh who petition successfully will get positions. Officers in this section will be committee chairmen in charge of tickets, show books, outside publicity, press relations, stage ciew, waidrobes, dance group, and music. All of these will be students. Latter Plan Best Those on the Senate committee believe the latter plan will be the best from a student’s viewpoint, because of the greater student participation. According to Committee Chairman Schumacher, this plan is a combination of set-upsi taken from Northwestern’s Waa-Mu show and shows at Knox College in Illinois. The plans are also based on the objections Schumacher discovered as he questioned students about the management of “Of Thee I Sing.” Announcements For Commencement Go On Sale Tomorrow Noon Commencement announcements go on sale tomorrow noon at Deac’s and Southworths. The price is 25 cents for leather bound, 15 cents for cardboard bound and 5 cents for Dutch bound. Announcements must be paid for when ordered. The deadline for ordering is May 4. They will go on sale at the Union later in the week.
Indiczna Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness in south; probable showers in north portion. Warmer in central and north, today. Tomorrow, local showers and somewhat cooler in afternoon. Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low, 38; high, 67; mean, 62.6.
wmmL
'V
^dibfdaL
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
diunufi.
Tuesday, April 26. 1938
Service... ... to any organization or cause provides its own rewai’d in the form of satisfaction to the doer. For that reason, we believe that Purdue’s two retiring professors—J. D. Hoffman, head of the practical mechanics department, and Prof. W. P. Turner, director of that department's machine shops—may be viewed with envious as w^ell as praising eyes. True, they have done their jobs well . . . they have served the University faithfully since its childhood. And for this they deserve praise. But in the course of their work, they were accorded a privilege which is not given to many of their fellow teachers. To them was granted the favor of watching, and helping, the tiny school that was Purdue University in the latter 1800’s to grow and to develop into one of the leading engineering institutions of the world. To them was given the opportunity to assist in molding the futures of most of the engineers who have gone through that institution during the last several decades , . . practically every Purdue engineering student has come under the supervision of these two _men_ at some time during his stay at the University. Years of well-rendered service will lay behind Professors Hoffman and Turner when they retire, as professors emeritus, from teaching June 30. Professor Turner came here from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1886, has been here since, and so has more years of University service to his credit than any other faculty member. Professor Hoffman studied here as a student . . . and then as a teacher— from 1890 to 1911, and from 1917 to 1938 . . . the six years’ lapse in his work here was spent on the faculty of the University of Nebraska.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the pest office In tAfayette, Indians, nnder tlie act of Conerees of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postace prorided for in section 1108, act of OH. 8, 1917, anthorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrlns the resmlar academic year and weekly durins the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.50.
Editor-InrCUef
BnsineaB Msnajtcr
R, P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor - - Elizabeth Fyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer PUBLICATION STAFF Managringr Editor J. R* Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bafley, L. S. Hardin, C. D; S<iroeder, H. 1 Stanbaek, D. B. Vance Sophomore Assistants—^R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederidt, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keek. W. A. Bjroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. ®iM^ National Adrertisinsr Manager W. J. GilMten Local Adrertising Manager. — -H. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeres MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6987 Businsss Phone 6988
Night Editor—Torrence Issue Editor—Harmon Tuesday, April 26, 1938
Talking Over PIA Elections... . . . with one of this year’s board members of the organization last night, we stumbled upon some advice that might well be taken to heart in choosing officers in any election. Evidently our fellow advisor had done considerable thinking on the subject, for he asserted his
standards for judging candidates as if he had memorized them. Says this Independent student and campus personage, “Three factors should be taken into consideration in today’s elections (PIA). First, the voter should consider how well the candidate has served the organization during the past . . . how much work he has done for PIA; then, he should estimate just how intensely the candidate wants the position he is running for; and lastly, he should look over the capabilities of the respective candidates.” There’s some pretty good sense in that statement . . . and neither PIA voters nor Student Senators will go wrong in following it during their selection of 1938-39 officers today.
Letters to Editor
IietterB to the editor must be kept at a reasonable length and must be accompanied by the writers’ signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published "with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume responsibility for opinions voiced herein.
Leather Medal Men Are Fine Fellows Dear Editor: Will you please print this in the Exponent, signed “Senior Mechanical,” so the adolescent “Faculty Member” who so highly praised Dr. Estey’s adulthood may see it? Dr. Estey is tops and would probably get my nod for the Leather Medal Award if I had a vote, but “Faculty Member’s” letter in Saturday’s Exponent is sour grapes. By referring to the past Leather Medal men as horn-blowers and publicityseekers, he sets his own mental age at a low figure. For evidence contradictory to Saturday’s lettei, I refer you to the Leather Medal itself. You will, in my opinion, find the names of some fine men thereon. Senior Mechanical. Motorcycirsts Organize Under Faculty Direction I Motorcycle enthusiasts met in the Union recently and organized a new activity on the campus, Motorcycle Club. Under the supervision of P. J. Panlener, of the practical mechanics department, the 10 charter members of the Motorcycle Club discussed plans for the election of officers and mapped future activities. Regulation of student motorcycle activities by the University is the primary purpose of the organization. Alpha Gamma Rho Elects Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity announces the election of F. A. Smith president; C. M. Kessler, vice president; E. S. Bogue, secretary; C. E. Decker, treasurer; and W. C. Kessler, pledge chairman.
WPA Committee To Convene Here Approximatelay 400 to 600 members of the volunteer lay committee of the Indiana Works Progress Administration will hold their first state-wide meeting at the Union Building on Thursday, John K. Jennings, state WPA administrator, announced recently. According to Jennings, the purpose of the lay committee is to find the most suitable way for WPA workers to spend their leisure time. How to get the most done in the least time has resulted in a marked decrease in the number of WPA working hours and for this reason intelligent planning and supervision of leisure time activities is necessary, the administrator declared. The meeting is to be preceded by a dinner at which Dr. Edward C. Linderman of Washington, D. C., national director of the WPA recreation division, is to be the principal speaker. His subject will be “Function of Lay Committees in Leisuie Time Planning.” Paul Seely Gives Talk On Christian Science Paul Stalk Seely was the speaker at a lecture on Christian Science in Fowler Hall, Sunday. The lecture was sponsored by The First Chuich of Christ Scientist, in Lafayette. Seely of Portland, Ore, is a member of the Board of Lectureship of the Mother Church, and the First Chm’ch of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Mass. Frosh Ag Student To Enter Kational Contest Freshman agricultural student T. H. Blossei was named last night as the man with the outstanding leadership record for his class. The recognition came as a part of the annual Dansforth Leadership Contest for freshmen agricultural college btudentsBlosser’s record will represent the University in the national contest to choose the winner of the scholarship to the American Youth Foundation Camp in Michigan the latter part of August. The award was made on a basis of scholastic aad extracurricular activities.
collegial®
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
GIRLS, HERE’S YOUR CHANCE . . . Jack “Cutie” Swinney has summed his resources and reported that he has two dollars and three cents to last from now till June. He will aeqept ALL WELL FINANCED FILLIES .who care to call 3904. THESE LOVELY DAYS . . . . . . have stimulated Theta-Ky Bert Wright and the Alfa-Kys so much that they have substituted LAWN COASTING for SOFA COASTING. AND JUST WHAT ... . . . happened to Larry “HY” Lyles at the carnival the other nite? Delt Drever knows but he ain’t saying.
Haivard University undergraduates believe there’s something wi ong with the teaching and teacheis at America’s oldest University, and they propose that something be done about it. In a student council report on the problems of teaching, they advocated that a special committee of students be appointed to sound out the opinions of undergTaduates on the subject. In making the proposal, the report pointed out that in many cases faculty members are “unable to take the time to consider the point of view of the student in making up their minds on advancement or possible dismissal” of teachers. This committee would have a replesentative from each field of concentration, who would be chosen with the advice of the department chaiiman “on the basis of intellectual ability, with an eye towards his spirit of neutiality, and on the basis of genuine interest in the problems of education.” “The purpose behind establishing such a committee,” the report says, would be to give the university a way of sounding out undergraduate opinion “moie scientifically.” In the opening part of the leport, the committee wiote that “the ideal of the University is to staff itself with men eager to take part in the advancement of knowledge, and at the same time eager to pass this knowledge on to their successors.” H * * * Of 590 colleges and universities in the U. S. and Canada, 268 offer either radio courses or extracurricula instiuction. The University of Minnesota, one of the largest state universities, last year spent $10,000,000. 1- * * !(: Two years ago it was the “Veterans of Future Wars” who were asking for their bonuses in advance. Last week it was—and still is, according to last reports—‘the “Institue for International Ill-Will” asking for war right away. Founded by two Emory University undergraduates with a zest for bloody burlesque, the organization seeks other chapters “all over the world” to help burlesque modem war and international diplomacy.
ENGINEERS? Who is the man who designs our pumps with judgement, skill, and care ? Who is the man who builds ’em and who keeps them in repair? Who has to shut them down because the valve-seats disappear? The bearing-wearing, gearing-tear-ing Mechanical Engineer. Who buys his juice for half a cent and wants to charge a dime? Who when we’ve signed a contract can’t deliver half the time? Who thinks a loss of twenty-six per cent is nothing queer? The volt-inducing, load-reducing Electrical Engineer. Wh« is it takes a transit out to find a sewer to tap ? Who then with care extreme, locates the junction on the map ? finds it nowhere near Who is it goes to dig it up and finds it nowhere near? The mud bespattered, torn and tattered Civil Engineer. Who thinks without his products we would all be in the lurch? Who has a heathen idol he designates “research?” Who tints the creeks, perfumes the air and makes the landscape drear? The stink-evolving, grease dissolving Chemical Engineer. Who takes the pleasure out of life, and makes existence— ? ? well. Who’ll fire a real good-lookin’ one because she cannot spell ? Who substitutes the dictaphone for coral tinted ear? The penny chasing, dollar wasting Efficiency Erigineer. —Anon. In a telegram to Adolf Hitler, they said, “quit stalling and fight Austria.” The telegram was refused by two wire companies. Anothei message was drafted, and reported accepted by one of the companies. It read: “We aie all behind you and the eight ball. We recommend Austria for your growing pains.”
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS > Wed., April 27, 7:00 p. m.
Advanced Class Friday, Apr. 29 :00 p. m.
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
When You Break Window Glass Call U8 for prompt and efficient replacement. We also carry a full line of PITTSBURGH PAINTS and a complete new stock of Wall Papers. Huneck's Glass & Paint Co.
826 Main
Phone 3841
“My land, you can’t go to dinner that way—your life preserver’s showing!”
Campus 'Guns'" (Continued from page 1)
for four and three hours for study, seven and six for sleep, three and two for their activity, and two and three for general recreation. For week-ends, they both confessed to 14 hours of recreation. Said Mason, “My activity is developing my power of planning things, and is giving me a touch of executive ability that may come m handy later.” Setting Ups Junior Debris Editor Edwards admitted that he arose every morning at 6:30 to do setting up exercises. He proprotioned his daily average as follows, 3’^ hours for study, eight hours for sleep, 1% for his activity, one for daily recreation, and eight for week-end recreation. “What do I get out of my activity ?” he repeated. “Excellent practical experience, an opportunity to meet people, a chance to develop executive ability, and an opportunity to observe people as they actually aie-”
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
After spending some timfe with a slide rule, your correspondent tabulated the results. The average for the six men was: study, 3.1 hours; sleep 6.7 hours; activities 2.7 hours; daily recreation 2.2 hours; and recreation over the week-end, 12.2 hours. How do you compare with these ?
“My conception of a liberal education is the development and expansion of native intelligence.” Lawrence A. Downs, president of the Illinois Central Railroad, speaks at DePauw University’s conference on “Business and the Liberal Arts College.”
TODAY — TOMORROW FIRST RUN HIT! ITS AFONTOHEFOOUSH! "<ncl eAcy prov iti
—AND— GENE RAYMOND ANN SOUTHERN IN “THERE GOES MY GIRL’ —ALSO—
EMiMiKSjR. wfth ALICE BRADY 6Uy KIBBEE • JEAN DIXON ERIC BLORE • LUCILLE BALL WARREN HYMER • RKO-RADIO Picture
RADIO PATROL” No. 5
TODAY — WEDNESDAYTuesday. April 26. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Bacharach^s Fight With Joe Benna Will Feature TonighFs Boxing Card
Steve Bacharach, Purdue’s stellar middleweight boxer, will have his chance for revenge tonight when he meets Joe Benna in what promises to be the outstanding match of the evening’s 15 fight card at the Lafayette Armory. Benna met Steve in the Golden Gloves competition in Chicago last March, and beat him in a very closely contested three-round battle. Joe went ahead in the tournament to win first place in his weight division. In the New York—Chicago Golden Gloves fights recently, he beat his Empire City opponent. He has just been named a member of the squad which will vmeet the European champions in Chicago next month. Steve Is State Champ Steve, a junior electrical engineering student, has been a Golden Gloves winner from Lafayette fbr three years. Only a few weeks ago he took the middleweight championship at the state meet in Michigan City. “Punchy” Maxwell, Purdue’s boxing mentor and Steve’s coach, seems to think Steve has an excellent chance to win tonight’s encounter.
Said “Punchy” yesterday afternoon, “Steve has learned a lot since he met Benna in Chicago. In that Chicago match there was very little difference between the two men. Bacharach Has Improved “Steve took the first two rounds but seemed to peter out in the third, so they gave the mqtch to Benna because it looked as if Steve didn’t have staying power but he’s learned since then that he can really take it. I wouldn’t be sui’prised if Steve knocked Benna out.” Besides Bacharach, two other of the Purdue men will compete. Paul Keffaver, in the 147 pound class will fight one of his former Golden Gloves opponents, while Grover Rose will box in the 118 pound di-
Alpha Xi Delta... . . . entertained with a faculty tea Sunday afternoon. The tables were decorated with the sorority colors, blue and gold. Mrs. A. Messenger; Mrs. Otis Trimble; Miss Mary Bone Miss Ruth Jordan, Miss L. Ratcliff e; Miss C. Davis, poured.
TAILORING SALE Mr. D. E. Lepon, personal representative of MASTER MODE CLOTHING CO. displays their complete line of woolens AT THIS SHOP WEDNESDAY, APRIL 27th 10% DISCOUNT Will Be Granted On All Orders This Day Only
KERSEY’S
124 N. 6th St.
Opposite the Mars
Is Your Ship Coming in • • • or is it stranded? The Union is an oasis in a desert of technical learning. A visit to The Union every day in your spare time will cause your ship of friends to land. It will be like a short vacation every day. Make it a point to start your daily visits to The Union now. JhjL fiwtdusL WjUfruftioL lAniofL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of
St. Joseph Nine To Meet Purdue Team Here Today “Dutch” Fehring’s baseball players who started out their Big Ten season by rapping Minnesota for two in a row, will meet St. Joseph’s College here in their sixth home game of the season at 4 o’clock this afternoon. St. Joseph’s has been playing good ball this season. Members of the DePauw team, which beat Purdue recently, stated that St. Joe had given them their stiffest competition this season. Heavy Hitters Developing The Boilermaker team is develping some heavy hitters this season according to the batting averages of the squad’s leading batsmen during the Minnesota series. Mackiwicz and Vernon, both sophomores, batted .428 and .333, and Thompson a junior, batted .400. Dickinson, while not hitting so regularly, hit a triple and a homer to account for his tallies at the plate. The lineup for Purdue this afternoon will include: Hearne, 2b; Dean I'f; Mackiewicz, 3b; Vernon, If; Art Bredewater or Yeager, c; Thompson, ss; Doan, lb; Mangas or Shiff, pitching. Phi Deft's Beat SPE's In Golf Tournament Interfraternity mass golf competition ended Saturday with the Phi Delt’s nosing out the SPE’s by one st:^oke. The winners covered the nine hole course with an average score of 42.6 per man, while the Sig Ep’s took 43.6 strokes apiece. ATO’s Take Third In third place were the ATO’s with an average of 45.1 strokes. The Phi Gam’s took 48.5 cuts apiece to finish fourth. For their efforts the winners will be given a trophy^ which is awarded each year to the house with the best team average.
Greek Horseshoe Doubles Open Today Fraternity horseshoe doubles begin today on the horseshoe courts, north of the F'ieldhouse. According to an announcement made by the in-ti-amural office yesterday, fraternities which have not yet signified their intention to enter may still sign up today. Each team plays two opponents today and two more on Thursday at 4:15. o’clock. Four teams with the highest percentages in the first four matches will enter the finals Friday afternoon. The whole tournament will be completed during these three days. Twenty-five points will be awarded for entering the tournament, with five additional points to the winner and three to the runnerup. The winners also receive a trophy, and each member of the first two teams will be awarded a medal.
Intramurals TENNIS DOUBLES Today—4:15 Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho or Phi Delta Theta. Delta Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Nu vs. DU or SAE. Sigma Chi vs. Theta Chi or AKL. Phi Kappa vs. SAM or Theta Tau. Freshmen Tennis—5:00 0. W. Brackman vs. I. Soloff. E. G. Carpenter vs. J. 0. Minier. E. A. Wegener vs. M. L. Mass. N. L. Dai row vs. C. A. Siler. F. D. Richards vs. J. Corem. A. C. Goerss vs. Jim Mann. T. W. Schulenborg vs. J. P. Dolan. F. D. Richards vs. R. Broberg. J. Powell vs. G. H. Goodwin. BASEBALL —Today— Diamond l_Ward 2X vs. Ward 3. 2— Ward 4 vs. Ward 12. 3— Ward 17X vs. Ward 11. 4— Ward 13 vs. Ward llA. 6— Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa. 9—Ward 5 vs. Cary Hall 4. 10—Ward 2A vs. Cary Hall 5.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
LEICA THE ORIGINAL MINIATURE
We handle genuine Leica cameras and accessories as well as a complete line of other high grade cameras and photographic supplies. FOSTER GIFT SHOP 109 N. FOURTH
SAVE QN LAUNDRY
by
Convenient Railway Express Service
Speed if home and back weekly by nation-wide Railway Express. Thousands of students in colleges throughout the country rely on this swift, safe, dependable service. Prompt pick-up and delivery, without extra charge, in all cities and principal towns. Be thrifty and wise — send it collect — and it can confe back prepaid, if you wish. Low, economical rates on laundry, baggage or parcels. For rush service telephone the nearest Railway Express office or arrange for regular call dates. 9 So. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWA
AGENCY
XPRESS
INC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Trackmen Lose To lllini; Knapp Sets Meet Record Illinois’ track team defeated the Boilermakers, 75-56, Saturday afternoon in an outdoor meet at Champaign, 111. Bob Lemen ran off with tivo firsts for Purdue, while Delong, Bodeau, and Knapp each won one event. Lemen’s victories came in the 120 yard high hurdles and 220 yard low hurdles. In winning the mile in 4:23.2, Al-
den Knapp, of Purdue, set a new meet record. The former record was set by Popejoy of Purdue in 1934. Knapp also came in second in the two mile run. DeLong won the 100 yard dash and finished second in the 220 yard dash. Bodeau followed Knapp in the mile and later ran first in the half mile. Purdue Wins Mile Relay In the mile relay the Boilermaker team of Simmons, Fifield, Terhune, and Luther were the victors. The summary: Mile Run—Won by Knapp of Purdue; Bodeau, Purdue, second; Gaines, Illinois, third. Time, 4:23.2 (meet record). 440 Yard Run—Won by McCown, Illinois; Luther, Purdue, second; Downs, Illonis, third. Time, :50.5. 100 Yard Dash—Won by DeLong, Purdue; Lehmann, Illinois, second; Ashley, Illinois, third. Time, :10. 120 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Lemen, Pui’due; Robinson, Illinois, second; Brunton, Illinois, third. Time, :14.9. Half Mile Run—Won by Bodeau, Purdue; Mies, Illinois, second; and Gaulke, Purdue, third. Time, 1:58.4. Pole Vault—Won by Keller, Illinois; Horton, Purdue, second; Long Illinois, third. Height, 11 feet, 6
inches.
High Jump—Diefenthaler, IlliNugent, Illinois, and Wedding and' Swift of Illinois, tied for first place. Height, 5 feet 8 inches. 220 Yard Dash—Won by Ashley, Illinois, Delong, Purdue, second; Orlovich, Illinois, third. Time, :22.1. Two Mile Run—Won by Yarcho, Illinois; Knapp, Purdue, second; Long, Purdue, third. Time, 9:53.7. 220 Yard Low Hurdles—^Won by Lemen, Purdue; Robinson, Illinois, second; Brunton, Illinois, third. Time, :24.5. Shot Put—Won by Gragg, Illinois; Frary, Illinois, second; Reeder Illinois, third. Distance, 46 feet and 11% inches. Mile Relay—Won by Purdue (Jim Simmons, Bill Fifield, Charley Terhune, Steve Luther); Illinois, second. Time, 3:25.3. Beta Theta Pi Elects Beta Theta Pi fraternity announces the election of the following officers: R. D. Juve, president; R. L. McDonald, vice-president; W. T. Sullivan, secretary; A. R. Shackleton, treasurer; H. Crosby, house manager; H. C. Boyer, rush chairman; and A. R. Peirce, freshman chairman.
Entries close this afternoon for freshman varsity tennis and golf tryouts. Sign up at intramural bulletin board. —BOYER.
Women’s Athletics State Play Day Ten WAA members and Miss Veronica Brady of the women’s physical education department attended the annual state WAA Play Day at Hanover College Saturday. Next year State Play Day which will be held at DePauw will fea-
ture speedball.
The program included: Registration at 9:30, group games at 10:00; baseball from 11:00 to 12:00, a picnic lunch on the campus at 12:30, an indoor meeting with an outside speaker at 1:30, and a tea from 3
till 4 o’clock.
The following members went: Kathryn Meri’itt, president of WAA Louise Thomas, Jane Fishleigh,Betty Smith, Elizabeth Maier, Janette Shaffer, Virginia Blank, Rosemary Vandivier, Marjorie Hoover, and Isabell Feishaar. Archery Toyrnament Practice will start Monday afternoon for the annual co-ed round robin archery tournament at the women’s archery range. Each ward or organization may enter as many girls as they want, but each entrant must shoot three practice rounds before Wednesday to be eligible. High scorer from each ward and organization will then be entered in the round robin
tournament. Field Day
The women’s physical education department will supervise a women’s athletes field day next Friday, April 29, at 4 p. m. Games are to be played in the large gym, as a modem dance exhibition is given in the small grym. Meanwhile intramural baseball will be in progress on the athletic field archery on the range, and tennis exhibitions on the courts. This program is a part of the open house and gala week program. Reamer Benefit' Show Will Aid Minor Sports The Reamers annual benefiit show at the New Main, featuring Irene Dunne and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., in “Joy of Living,” has two more
days to run.
The club urges that all students attend since the proceeds of the funds thus raised will be used to further minor sports on the campus. It is important to purchase the tickets from club members since commissions are secured only on tickets sold outside the box office. Tickets may be purchased from any member of the club or at the intramural office in the Fieldhouse.
Hey^ You! MR. D. H. HANKINS of
'J^JULcA))Jy
wiU be in our store aU day, Tuesday, April 26th, showing the new ideas in PALM BEACH SUITS3bacaL CldA.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TUdiaUL
Tuesday, April 26, 1938
Best Soldier Contest Scheduled For Saturday Tlu Bc't Boldid (onttst spon ‘joitd b\ ‘^cabbiid \nd BHdc hon II Ti \ m 1 111 \ 1C K t \ AC ill bt held on Si Cl In 111 the Finnic it 10 a in Tlu c 1 tLstan w 11 be divided acc 111 to cla'?'>cs Five enslaved me da in 1 10 e ta inn will bt jriv cn in each divnion The t( "t^ w ill Lov ti classi oom in «tiuctien a'' well as held woik The piestnt ciades of the cadets in the C 01 ps will 111 no wav affect then standing in the contest Tau Beta Pi To Give Engineering Banquet A.11 EnETineeiino honoiaiv ban quet sponsoied bv student and fac ultv membei s of Tau Beta Pi and all encineeiins: honoiaiies will be held ednesdav Mac 4 at 6 30 p m in tl Union balhoom W G Lai tz chan man of the banquet committee said last nmht Ticket mav be obtained at the Union de=k oi offices ot heads of tlie eneineeiing scho K befoie Sat III (lav \11 uppei class women engi 1 ee s ait invited This is an an nual affaii and between 400 and tOO aie expected to attend
Alumna Receives Honor "VIis Alaiv Szui HEc 34 who is atttndmer the School foi Fashion Caieeis m 'New Toik City has been selected ? membei of the “Dean’s List an honoiaiv oiganization foi s 1 lent of outstanding achieve niellts This selection was based on high sellilai ship lating chaiacter, lelia bilitv cc opeiative spn it aptitude fn fashicn vvoik and othei qualities Theta Chi . . . fiateinitv announces the dec tun of the following officeis D R Aance ptesident G G Spehn vice pie leleni R B Koehlti stcietaiv A. S Ippolito mai shill S K Dm 1 ins J hist giuid H TI Dd Aalle second guaid J A\ AThitbon chaplain \ E Stonei libiaiian and C J Fahinei histoiian
Delta Tau Delta Elects Delta Tau Delta fiateinity announces the election of the follow mg officeis R McGhee, piesident, J Bakei vice piesident, R Walt CIS tieasuiei G Ciaig houseman agei J Svvandei, coiiespondence secietaiv D Sloan lecoiding sec leLuv G Schioedci editoi of the chaptei papei and W Reininga fieshman advisoi
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 605 Main street
TYPING—Iheses and teim pap eis—Maiy Catherine Can oil Call 55684 at 1704 South street
RENT—A new Royal Poi table typewliter by the week oi month Call 6477 Deckel’s 518 520 Mam stieet
FOR RENT—May fiist An con ditioned bacheloi apaitment with tile shovvei bath Phone evenings 76723 TOR SALE—Masteib Academic Gown Reasonable Call 55302
FOR SALE—Men’s tuxedo Size 38 shoit $10 Phone 2606
TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG —Satisfaction guaianteed R L Lippman 351 Noithwestein Phone 4726
WANTED—Sax men Good mon cy Call 5384 immediately
FOR RENT—Two looms giound flooi Neai campus 103 Russell Telephone 71261
Notices No Nut c a Accepted Aft r 8 p m
NYA Workers Checks for peiiod en 1 11 c Aj il d ate now available at cash 1 r s office II Executive Buildinir —HOLLENSBE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Evi^rythmg for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for th(^ Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR. HAROLD J RISK DR. ROBERT G RISK DR. LUTHER A RISE
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Printing
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ Office Stationery
Wedding Invitations
PHONE -
2 62 8 CASSEL 'S 408 FERRY
Locksmit-h
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State Main W L
• jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP • Fiorisf Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 • Hardware Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
Fraternities: You may enter as many two man horseshoe teams as you wish All teams play Tuesday April 26 and Thursday April 28 > —BOYER
Camera Club Short business meeting will be held in the tower room of the Union at 7 30 p m Tuesday Apiil 26 Closed meeting all members urged to be present —WEST
Sigma Delta Psi Men who wish to try out for the mile run shot put football punt and 120 yard low hurdles report ;n the Stadium Tuesday Apiil 26 at 4 p m —KELI ER
Scabbard and Blade There will be a short hut imporUipt meeting in the towel loom of the Union it 4 p m Thursday Apiil 28 —BAAIS WAA Tennis These games must be played by Tuesday night April 2b oi the girls will le dropped fiom the tournament Schuler aid Gould vs Thomas and Stev enson Horne ind Jenkins vs Major and Bi>int Davist n ml Soehnei vs Morriss md Himcb McKnij-hl and Buitsfiekl vs Stock 1 and Sai rer and Swift and Fish leigh vs Mel can ai d Oemoret WALKER Purdue Peace Committee Short meet ing at 4 p m Tiusday April 2fa in room D of the Union BUCKLES Purdue Engineer Impoitan meeting of all fr shmen and sophomore staff members in Engineer offici in Union at 4 p m Wednesday April 2 —SQUIRES
WAA Baseball There will be no games pi lyed Tuesday Apiil 26 Wednesday April 2 at 4 p m Ward 2 vs Kappa Pi Phi vs Alpha Chi Thursday April 28 at 4 p m Chi O vs Phi Mu Pedalion vs Al pha Xi Friday April 29 at 4 p m theie will he exhibition games Pi Phi vs WRH and Wards 3 md 4 vs Pedalion —MAIFR Industrial Education Society Meeting in room G of the Unnn W fnesday Aiiil 27 It 30 p m GASTON WSGA ludicial Board Meet in WSGA office it p m Tue da> April 26 HAMILT ON
Triton Club Meeting luesdiy evening April 26 from 7 30 to 8 30 ^ ictice at this time for swimming meet Three practices are necessary JORGESON PI 4. Elections All membeis bring pass poits to Union lobby Tuesday April 26 } nd vote for next years offic is —SCHLUNDT National Drawing Competition A stiong competitive inteiest is being shown bv BO first year engineering drawing students in the annii il contest sponsored by the diawing divisim of the Society for the Piomotion of Engineeiing Education In the elimination contest entries have been
made in all of the eight classes wkioh Include pencil work inking lettering and sketching The best drawing in each class will be enteied in the national competition at the annual meeting in June at Texas A & M College where it will be judged on the basis of theory technique practice and judgment First and second prizes will be awarded m each cl iss and shingles presented by the drawing division to winning contest ants (4 29) —RISING PIA Banquet Tickets foi banquet on May f may be obtained at the voting table m Union libby Tuesday April 26 —SCHLUNDT Gimlet Dmnei meeting at Phi Kappa house Wednesday April 27 at six o clock Vt ry important —BROWN
HI
Student Senate Mteting Tuesday April 26 at 7 30 p m in room A of the Union for the election of otficeis —ROHYANS Glider Club Open meeting in room B ot the Union Thiusdav Aj nl 28 IB p m —MOORE
Camera Club Followinj. peisons meet me in tower room of Union at 4 p m Tues day Apnl 26 Derner Gustatson Baker West Donahue Koehler Hopkins and Heddcn WILI IAMSON Military Students AH unifoims to be cleaned by West Side Cleaners not re ciuired for wear en Apnl 30th and May 2nd should be turned in to them immedi itely after review on Ajiil 29th They will be op 11 until 9 p m to receive them Prompt tuin in insuies bettei service and an earliti eturn ('• 2) CAPT WISTLER SAE Members Meeting in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Bulling at 4 p m Tuesday Api il 2( GOERS Reamer Club All pledge who have not turned in their nam s a they wish them to go on then pledge paddles mist have them in at the Uni n desk not 1 itei thai B p m T lesday Aiiil 2b -RAYI E
Crown Cleaned Clothes Reduces Risk of Losing Jobs Many a good worker has lost his job because of poor personal appearance. Don’t run the risk. Save your clothes Crown cleaned and pressed regularly. Thousands prefer Crown because garments are Monite moth-proofed.
AUE198Y
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Electrical Engineering Seniors Names ippearing on the north bulletin boaid must Lomplv with instructions m main office before Thurs 1 ly April “^8 or pictuies will ot lie on senior hallway panels this 1 IT —EHINGER
MSO IN THIS ISSUE.
_ . .....atmnapoemevetj
MSU W *•— ; ' everyJayor
“ CeMMBER THE BUVCK
nearly finished Vandenberg offers an.
Lardner gee “United W* ^
MW TO BEAT ^ ^ Matquand,
» ..PLUS short Stone ^ . editorials, Stand- • • • a others.. • serial**, VVaiiam C. Wh cartoons.
Post Scripts, poems,