' . -K '
’/ 'f
The Purdue Exponent
Volume 52. No. 104 Willkie Sees Devastation At Coventry Says Newspapermen Underplayed Bombing Of Industrial Midlands By 'WIlKam H. Stoneman SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Manchester, England, Feb. 3.—A Coventry in shambles, mourning for the dead buried in a common grave, a less battered but still shattered Birmingham, and a Liverpool wouhded but still doing business> have just provided Wendell L. Willkie with a series of shocks that he will carry home to Washington when he leaves the United Kingdom Wednesday. Manchester Hit Hard This noon he wound up his tour by driving on to Manchester, which, after Coventry, is one of the hard-est-hit cities in the realm. Sees Destruction The sights that confronted Willkie during his week-end tour of Midland industrial centers were enough to try the stamina of any man. They even tried the blitz-hard-ened nerves of newspapermen who accompanied him on his short, snappy journey. Learns By Personal Observation Willkie was able to learn from officials and personal observation far more than most people had known at the time of the German blitz against provincial England. His own impression was that the American newspapers had underdone the story in every case and that, even in the case of Coventry, they had not exaggerated. Willkie was able to learn today, for the later benefit of the Congressional committee before which he will testify, some of the statistics. He was told that production had now been brought up to 80 or 90 per cent of normal. Irish Siill Doubtful Of German Invasion By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Dublin, Feb. 3.—^Twenty thousand armed troops guard Eire against possible German invasion. This is not all of the Irish Army but, in the view of the military experts, it is about the number of well-equipped “trained men. The Irsh army, of roughly 100,OOO men, is prepared to defend Eire against the British or the Germans, whichever come first, and they can count on the assistance of the population in either case. While the Irish think the British intend to Invade before the Germans, they do not think the Germans will invade anjrway. In the first place, Ireland is too (Continued on page 3)
West Lafayette. Indiana
Tuesday. Febnuny 4. lUl
..—From All Fronts. Today's Summary Of War News ro Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, wopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. e Italians Trapped At Barentu New British successes in Eritrea were announced in London yesterday. The town of Barentu, 40 miles south of Agordat, which was taken Sunday has been occupied with many Italians caught in the trap. >il If! He e Greeks Reach Albanian Coast The Greeks have reached the shores of Valona Bay ori the Albanian coast, it is reported in unconfirmed dispatches from Yugoslavia. Athens fails to mention this development but tells of a “really heroic” victory in the mountains near Klisura. * * >i- • French, Nazi Confer The French began negotiations m Paris yesterday with Nazi representatives. It was suggested unofficially in Vichy that the result may be restoration of Pierre Laval to a place of power. V ^ io RAF Pounds French Coast German strongholds along the invasion coast were pounded over the week-end by British bombers, operating under the protection of more than 100 fighter planes. * * * o Willkie Sees Blitz-Damage “The sights which confronted Willkie during his week-end tour of Midland industrial centers were enough to try the stamina of any man,” cables William H. Stoneman. “They even tried the blitz-hardened nerves of newspapermen who accompanied him.” lU >1. * • japs May Force Dutch Issue Japanese leaders, says a. Tokyo dispatch, are apparently becoming restive at the opposition of the Dutch East Indies to Nipponese expansion in that direction and are preparing to use stronger measures. * * * j • Donovan Talks To Turks Col. William J. Donovan conferred with Turkish leaders in Istanbul, giving them, it is believed, a first-hand report on President Roosevelt’s policy toward the world situation. * * * • 'British Drive Spent'—Italy “The general belief exists in Rome today that the British drive in North Africa has spent its force and that the tide of battle swings in favor of the Axis,” radios John T. Whitaker. * * • Food Situation Critical “The Belgian food situation, that the representatives of the Hoover commission here say is critical,” radios David M. Nichol, “is attributed by the Germans, in part at least, to the extent of illicit trading and profiteering.”
Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all freshmen and sophomores on the editorial and co-ed staffs at 4:15 p. m. tomorrow in the Exponent office in the Union.
New Pin Makes Campus Debut; WRHers Want More Recognition
By Mary Lou Losey
A new pin will soon make its deUut on campus. New fraternity T No. New sorority? No. It’s a new innovation for those energetic WRHers. The idea was talked about and thought over last year, but this year Jean Chandler, president of Wood Hall, pushed the idea until it has become a concrete, actual fact.
Jewelers Submit Bids
Different jewelers were asked to submit various designs for the pins and the girls themselves chose their preference. The pin chosen is made in the shape of a shield with a black onyx background and gold or gold and pearl edging. If you look closely you can see three girl heads and three fieur-de-lis on the face of the
pin.
Owners of the pins are required
to live in the Residence Halls for a period of longer than one year, but anyone living in the Halls at all may possess the ivory lady recognition pin, a copy of the quaint little lady who looks watchfully out from her position in the glass of the South Hall door. There is also a lapel letter pin with the initials
WRH.
Not Here Yet
These pins have not made their appearance yet, but it won’t be long, because the first orders are to be sent in next week. Having given 'this information, we trust that ye ^ eds, seeing a pretty WRH lass sporting a beautiful and shiny new pin, will not think she has lifted it from the vest of some other campus male, for it is her very own, and she is the sole proud possessor of it.
Riveters Thump lllini, 46-29
Riveters Come
From Behind Chkqgo Symphony Tonight
To Win Game By Joe Dolan Exponent Sports Editor Hal Todd and the Purdue band played the national anthem, Purdue students cheered hopefully. Ward Lambert jammed his mouth vidth gum. Referee Gale Robinson tossed the ball at center, Illinois jumped to a 12-7 lead in six minutes. Ward Lambert chewed his gum faster, Purdue went faster—Illinois lost, 46-29. It all happened last night in the Purdue Fieldhouse, an almost exact replica of the Indiana game just 48 hours previous in the same place. Catch Lost Breath Fans stood around after the fracas, still trying to-catch their breath that was lost somewhere in the vicinity of the sixteenth minute of the initial half of the battle. Was it getting to be a habit for these Boilermakers to give the local partisans a harbinger of total gloom and then as suddenly < change the entire picture quicker than an “Adolf Blitz” ? With fou rand one-half minutes remaining in the first half, the Boilermakers seemed hopelessly smelling the Illini exhaust, 12-7, but “Horsie” Riley, sophomore beeftrust, entered the game and from there on Purdue was moving. Blanken hit a long one-hander from the right side, cutting the count to 12-9. Coming Up Sprowl hit a long arching looper from the foul circle, but Shapiro, a great Illini passer, drove under to nullify any Purdue efforts, the tally 14-11. Sprowl hit a free throw and Blanken made another one-hander from the side-lines, tying the score. Riley swept the Blue and Orange out of the picture with a pair of beautiful right hand pivot shots (Continued on pa^e 4) Twenty-Five Students To Make Application For Advanced Training Twenty-five students, applicants for the Secondary Plight Training and Ground School courses of the CPT for the 1941 Spring Session are requested to secure their applications immediately from Director Meikle’s office: Vernon C. Beebe, Hugh G. Blackwell, Joseph Brummett, John H. Creveling, Harry C. Dees, Earl J. Disher, Merriman Elvous Disney, Thomas Franklin Hawk, John Ralph Jacobson, Allen Marvin Katz, Floyd Burl Kelsey, More To Come James N. Lemon, David W. M. MacMillan, Lawrence Richard MacArthur, Clarence Raymond McKee, Theodore B. Parker, Jesse Milton Shaver, Ben Sparks, Jr., Robert S. Storms, James Trask, Faith Wayne, Joseph M. Zappia, Robert Sawyer, Seymour Udell and Prank T. McGinnis. It will be necessary for these students to have their applications signed by Captain Aretz, after . which they should immediately make appointments with Dr. Wilbur P. Smith, 1818 College Avenue, Indianapolis, for the final medical examination. All applications should be returned to Director Meikle’s office so that he may arrange with the federal authorities in Washington, D. C., for the admission of all those who have passed the final medical examination. Ground School Meets Monday Professors Wood and Crosby request that all applicants for the Secondary Flight Training Ground School Course meet for the first session in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building on Monday, February 10, 1941, at 7 p, m. m.1,1.
Service Committee Holds Organization Meeting Tomorrow A meeting of all studehts interested in aiding the World Student Service committee in its work will be held tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. The purpose of the meeting is to present the aim and organization of the World Student Service Fund, to present preliminary plans for a campus-wide educational program during February and to lay plans for a week of intensive financial drive early in March. L. M. Sears, of the history department, will present administrative rules governing the effort. All major campus organizations are being invited to send representatives to this meeting and it is open to the student body at large, o.l.a. US Navy Will Offer Student Engineers Ensign Commission Yarnell Will Interview Upperclassmen Monday University engineering students will have the opportunity to enter the service of the United States Navy with commissions as Ensigns, according to word received from Washington yesterday by Professor David L. Arm, acting director of personnel. Rear Admiral H. E. Yarnell, together with five other officers of the Navy, will be in Lafayette on February 10 to acquaint junior and senior engineering students with the opportunity being offered and to interview interested students. Yarnell To Conduct Interviews Admiral Yarnell is scheduled to make a talk to all interested junior and Senior engineering students during the afternoon of February 10 ar^d he, with the accompanying officers, will interview individual students who are interested in joining the Navy. According to Prof. Arm, students accepting commissions will be stationed in one of three bureaus: construction, ordnance or engineering. Other Officers In Party Officers accompanying the admiral will be Captain W. R. Van Auken, bureau of ordnance; Commander Luis de Florez, Lieutenant E. R. Godfrey, bureau of aernonautics; Lieutenant J. A. Hartman^ bureau of ships and Commander J. R. Lannom, bureau of navigation (personnel). The party will arrive in Lafayette shortly before noon Monday, February 10, and will remain until Monday evening, o.l.a. Wisconsin Game Tickets Available To Seniors Seniors may turn in their pass- ^ ports at the Fieldhouse today for reserved seats for the Wisconsin game Monday, February 17. Juniors turn in their passports tomorrow, sophomores on Thursday, and freshmen on Friday. Passports must be stamped for the second semester fees paid and no detadhed coupons will be accepted. New students without passports must present identification cards which can be obtained from W. A. Bodden’s office in the Administration Building. a.c. Forestry Club ... will hold its regular meeting in the Horticulture Building tonight at 7:30 o’clock.
Sorority Education Week For Pledges Opens Tomorrow Blake To Speak At First Meeting In Fowler Hall First educational program of “fraternity education week” for sorority pledges is scheduled for 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall tomorrow afternoon. At this meeting Mary Blake, national secretary of Delta Delta Delta sorority, will discuss the beginning of sororities and a woman’s relationship to her sorority after graduation. -PJedges-LLveJn-Houses The Pan-Hellenic council has planned the education week which will continue through Friday evening, February 7. During this period the pledges will live in the houses and will be governed by rules of the Pan-Hellenic council. All former types of “hazing” during courtesy s week have been eliminated. The education program consists of a series of three lectures, one to be given each day. Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock Alice Lloyd, dean of women at the University of Michigan, will discuss sororityuniversity relationships. The concluding talk will be given by Dean Stratton on Friday afternoon. Dean Stratton will speak on sororities at Purdue. Active Attendance Optional All sorority pledges are expected to attend the meetings. Actives are to attend the Thursday evening lecture, while their attendance at the others is optional, a.c. Indiana Canners Meet On University Campus
Convo Starts At 7:30 Dr. Frederick Stock Directs Orchestra Presenting its versions Of a portion of some of the best in music, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, directed by Frederick Stock, will jierform at tonight’s convocation which will begin at 7:30 o’clock, a half hour earlier than usual, in the Hajl of Music. The evening’s program will include: Overture, “Liebesfruhling,” Opus 28 Georg Schumann Symphony No. 2, D Major, Opus 73 . .. 3rahms Allegro non troppo" Adagio non troppo Allegretto grazioso. quasi andantino> Allegro con spirito Suite from the Ballet “L’Oiseau de Feu” (The Fire-bird) . . Strawinsky Introduction Dance of the Princesses Infernal Dance of the £[astchei Berceuse Finale Moto Perpetuo, Opus 11 .. Paganini Tone Poem, “Finlandia,” Opus 26, No. 7 Sibelius Tickets for the general public will be on sale at the ticket window tonight at $1.00 each but there will be no advanced sale and no reserved seats, according to Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee on convocations. The orchestra was founded 60 years ago, in 1891> by Theodor Thomas, its first conductor, out of pure idealism when he witnessed in New York the results of pet^ rivalry and self-seeking instead of cooperative artistic aspiration. Dr. Stock, the present director^ has continued to make the organization serve its original purpose during the 46 years that he has served it, first as a viola player, then assistant director and finally as the conductor. e.g.k.
For Two Day Session Sigma Xi Sponsors
Lecture By Dr. Byers
Annual conference of the Indiana canners will open at 1 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building today. The afternoon discussions will include such topics as, “Protection Under Jhe Indiana Seed Law,” “Orderly Delivery of Tomatoes to Canning Factories” and many other subjects of interest. A Canners’ Non-Aggression Dinner will be held in the Union at 6 p. m. At this time Dr. L. M. Sears of the history, economics and government department will speak on
“Today-Tomorrow.”
Exhibit Open To Public The 9 a. m. session tomorrow, open to all, will provide an opportunity for the general public to see the country’s lai’gest tomato and cutting display. This display is composed of 12,000 cans of tomatoes which have been opened for observation and study. The purpose of this display is to find ways of imj^oving the quality of canned tomatoes. The cans of tomatoes in this display represent the selling stock of several Indiana retailers.
Climax Tomorrow
At 6 p. m. tomorrow in the north ballroom the climaxing feature of the two-day conference will be held at which time the Alpha chapter of Sons o’ Soil will honor the champions of the U. S. and Indiana’s 1940 champion tomato growers. This two-day conference is sponsored by the University horticultural department and Indiana Canners Association, d.m.b.
Tryouts
... for the Union show “HaremS^m” or “The Sultan as a La<]^’ will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of Hie Un-
ion.
“Meterology in Our Defense” is the subject of a lecture to be given Thursday at 7:30 p. m. by Dr. Horace R. Byers of the Institute of Meteorology, University of Chioago. Dr. Byers is an experienced and well-informed speaker who has long been acquainted with hjs subject. The increasing interest-in the »:ientific study of the weather, espectaUy in its relationship to aviation, makesx this lecture timely. Dr. Byers is sponsored by the University chapte** of Sigma Xi. The meetipg ig open to all who wish to attenC^d will be held in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall, m.1.1. Activity Bureau Calls Fresh For Interviews Freshmen who have not been interviewed by the Activities Bureau are requested to come to the bureau's office, room 356 of the Union, at 4 o’clock today if the jBrst letter of their surname is between A and N or at 4 tomorrow if the first letter is between N and 2, accordipg to Betty Graham, junior exeenUve in charge of the interviews. It is essential that the fireshmen report for the interview^ because the matori^al obtained at interviews must he deUveredi to the personnel department at the end of the week. The interviews are intended toi senre two major purposes: the obtaining of material on the studentfh interests outside of Hie regular (Sirricula, and the guidance of studaata into eztra-aetiviHea that are mdbable to his Ukea and eapabil»lM^mmm
m
WVCk’Str-Vial
/
f aaasKffis
nM
1^
^BUpil—^iiiA
Tuesday# Febraory 4# 1941
» fiju/uiwi £xfa>nuit
ItOTC Offkers Go To Southern Camp Lt. Col. W. A. Ray and Maj. W. D. Williams have received orders relieving them of further duty with the tlniversity military department hhd have been assigned to the 853rd afkd SBlst Field Al^Uety respectively, at Camp Livingstone, La. The orders are effective on the first of March. Mijor Williams has been an inetrMtor in the topojf^aphy department since last Inly while Lt. Col. Ray has been with the department sfnee last June, acting as an instructor in military history and law. m.1.1. Dr. Knigiit Will Explain New Seoelarial Course All women students interested in the proposed secretarial course for next summer are urged to attend the meeting this afternoon at 4 o'clock in room 303 of the Union. Dr. Knight of the division of education and applied psychology will be in charge of this meeting. p.s.
MAAS TODAY - WEDNESDAY Produced with the Cooperation of the U. S. NAVY
umnem TODAY - WEDNESDAY
feromount Pretenit FRED ' PAULEHE IKIAIRE;GODDMD
LUMA TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
AUKTI PRffltRKIKRAWraRP" MSCMAUER NiYAUair-AIMAtS^ PLUS—2nd Feature . . . LAVISH! LUSCIOUS! flHYTHMATIC! ROMANTIC!
kiii
WITH
BMNDAandCOBINA THOSI WACKY WIMMSNI Foataurine llie Meat Beautiful OIrin fa the Worfdf
Raiio>^ 3.93 o o • to 1
The P Men had their danOe last Friday night and now we’re eonfnsed. What we want to know is what was John Petty doing at the dance with Wilma Bear. Maybe she has given George Baker’s pin badk at last. Incidentally, Betty Sexton was there, too. Haven’t seen her around for so long that we thought she had quit. Well, the world goes oft and on and along with it gobs Dertie Cole breaking hearts right and left. Her seoond Victim was Jidm Luoilite of the IK KAs and happened when he asked her to take his pin. It would seem as though Bertie isn’t the pinning kind. It also looks like Jr. Brock is her next victim. A word to the wise should be sufficient. The Alpha Chis are still going like a house afire when it comes to this pin business. Margaret Grier has taken Jim Ourand’s Sig Pi pin and Ruth Bryant took a pin of some sort from Dick Pittenger. Congratulations. People, a very important question has arisen. Where did Lambda Chi Bill Miller get that black eye he’s sporting ? There are several theories, one of which is that it may have come from a beer bottle wielded by Francis Kimmel. Anyhow, we sure would like to know. Elmer Layden . . resigned from his head coach job at Notre Dame yesterday to step into a newly-created position in professional football
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Kaii}
— NOW PLAYING
Dorlne eonfeitionf of a Whito-Collor Girll [GINGER ROGERS
DENNIS MORGAN JAMES CRAIG Eduardo Ciaantlli • Eraast Cassart • Gladys Coopar
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY SHIRLEY TEMPLE IN
cJiJTHEys; BLUE BIRD : ^ in TECHNICOLOR \
— AND —
Virginia C. Meredith Sponsors Sfyie Show Mrs. Nova A. Risnor of the Cotton Textile Institute in New York will present a style show under the aUBpmfes of the Virginia C. Metfedith club February 6 ftt 4 p. m. in the Hdme Economics Auditorium. Mrs. Eisnor will first gjive a 16minute italic on “Cotton and Fashion” after which she will present approximately 40 costumes modeled by University students. The eostumes modeled will be the latest spring fashions from the play suits to formal dresses. Besides the ensembles shown she will have an ekhibit of cettoh textiles, iftcluding dress and household cotton fabrics. All studefits, faOUlty and tovbspeople are invited to attend, v.b. Wesley Foundation . . . will begin its annual spring class in “Preparation for Home and Marriage” tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock at the Foundation House. The class will meet weekly until spring vacation and cover such topics as budgeting, engagement, families and weddings. The classes will feature special lecturers on different phases of the subject during the course, and upperclassmen are especially welcome to enroll, b.g s. Intramural All-Star Board Picks Eight Class 'A' Courtmen Yesterday afternoon the intramural office announced its selection of the 1940-1941 All-Star Basketball team chosen from players of fraternities, Cary halls and the words. At the end of each season the intramural office sends out petitions to each of the individual team managers who list their choices from members of their teams as well as
The ^th Colttmil
We see where the 76 million subjects of the Aga Kahn plan to giVe their ruler his weight in diamonds (about 25 million dollars Worth) four years from now. This plan proclaims their simple faith that their country will Still he in existence in 1946. Which gives US fth idea. Why not promise RohseVelt all the credit he wants 99 years from now . . . Thus guaranteeing that the United States will be here HU l<mg ns the premise heids. « >» * Rutnors have been floating around -the countryside that the President has not been enjdjfing the best of health. Happily these rumors have been scotched and proved to he false. In fftet we have it on the word of Dr. McIntirC, the President’s doctor ... That Mr. Roosevelt has not been in such good health for several terms. * * K The meeting that Hitler and Mussolini had a few days ago seems to have everybody going, but the Axis isn’t saying anything. Personally, we’re expecting dark times ahead. The last time Adolf and Benny got together they planned . . . Benny’s overwhelming attack on Greece. * * * We see by our evening newspaper that NAVY LETS CONTRACT FOR ELECTRIC TOASTERS According to the article the Navy is merrily purchasing 96 thousand dollars worth of electric toasters. That’s something that ought to warm British hearts, burn up Adolf, and in addition, get the Navy in many a scrape. * * * Husbands, wives, the draft boards and the army are all in a stew about whether or not husbands should be drafted. The husbands say yes, the wives say no, and the draft boards and the army don’t seem very sure of themselves. Personally, we’re in favor of drafting them.
The Purdue Exponent kntetcil u Mwonil nUuM mmOmt 4t tiwi InmO wBIm M tvatte, iBdteas, ander tke set •< Cosimn of Msteh >, 1870. ssd St ms epoeiiU rste of voetogs siswided for fa ■eetioo 1108, set of Oetober 8,1917, sSthortoMl Jssssvr M. 1822. Publtelied dstfa oseest IfoBdsr dsvteg fas rerstar sOidesife ssd srodtljr darisg the flssuMr ifatioS. Delivered loeSlljr br asnrhr for IS.0S »«r ysST. smO tsfa ■eriptioo 28.60. K. W. Dfaisliso UsetaMO llsaager. — ....Jlwto Hagesiorer
PmWIMUm fisfl News Bditor % mifyt ItougfiiiK Mtiis~-..-....~..~...... lEtM* Aaooefate KdHns: W. S. Heotos. M. A. CMUhisj^ A. ParooU, L. W. BsAior, Jt. II. Sk^erap. t. U. Trssgott. wWKmwm mmmiw Looal AdvsrtisiBc kfasSfaNii d. m F«SNuS,.ik 0. Tosleis: JflsswiMos. Mssleer, 0. F. Dsaclcsfajer: Aeeosato ysaye^m J. ahsdford t OltssIstloB Mssager. K. IL Ce^ iteff Wfae. A A. gpens Mgff Idlfar if. J. F. Dofas Afaoefato UUtoisi JT. F. Adameon, F. 0. Jefauos, K. O. Swsfas.
Fliengs: Editerigt 4005; iiniiMMg 5038; 2792
neprsiMted for ssttMud sdrettleisg far NstioasI Adseiiliitog SorHoA Ufa, OoUego FsIbiUehen Reprceesfathre*, 410 MsdlMS Ato.. Host Yerii. N. T. Iliff Per thh Ism Night Editor: Trssgett Issoe Editor: Allsiuion Day Editor: Siesa Night Sports Editor: Swaim Stoff: D. T. Brophy, B. G. Kieper, D. M. Blsek, 3. D. Smith, J. H. McDonall, W. G. Hoakina, V. M. Batson, M. R. Fuller, L. M. Brewer, H. P. Stenberg, M. L. Loaey, M. J. I«uer and A. Chatfield.
The poor devils ought to have one year out with the boys . . . And besides, married men are experts on defense. * * * According to what we hear almost nobody is opposed to aiding the British—^by means SHORT of war. We agree with most everybody but we’re bothered about one little point. How long is short? ola
outstanding players on opposing teams. From the hundreds of names turned in, a five-man board tabulates the results and makes the final selection of the team. All-Star Squad Ted Hennis, guaid, Delta Upsilon; Swede Thursby, gruard. Delta Upsilon; Don Thomas, guard, Cary Hall 12; Raymond Hine, center. Ward 21; Wallace Gardner, for-
ward, Alpha Tau Omega; Charles Martin, forward, Pi Kappa Alpha; Rose Allen, forward, Cary Hall 1; Jim Shaw, forward. Ward 5. As a means of obtaining the best possible lineup, greatest weight is placed upon choice of men from opposing teams; however, if a tie results the personal element enters into the final selection, since the judges have seen most of the play-
ers in action. The men who are chosen for positions on the team are awarded AllStar certificates in recognition of ability. The board of selection is headed by Herman Timperman, chairman; Paul Zimmerman and Frank Meyer, fraternity managers; Carl Geiger, ward manager, and Donald Hanson, Cary Hall manager, r.w.d.
SpsnjcL dt {jJLbJihf, and.
/
SojofL, ihe,
COMPLETE STUDENT SERVICE
HMliEECCKMIfPiySTOBE 308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE iNDw V t aJ» " ^V > -W* '• j tJ- /W f is, '
^ ^ A ,
flS*¥CfT^ .H-n^ -^r-ti:''gftu,fef*
^ -.^uS "Vj *4?*
y '■''!' #. ■' ? i ^ it
Tuesday* Fubnioxy 4* 1941
t$mui/uti^fiaM‘S
Classified Ads
Debris Bnsiness SophomorM: Importani meettnff Wednesday, Febiruary 6, at 4 p m at tite Imfness office Bring: your books and money. ^ •^AUAMS.
yttridiy GoUi Ali oamiidaUs for varsity golf attend meetiby at 2 b HI fotdrday, February 8, in Fieldhouse msement. —ALIiSPAW,
roa tAUi
TypeviriUrs and aidlfic uaebiacSi as# aad assili i«t tant 4fl)i rwairai Ail
asakcs of portable ^tybsinritsrs, $M.76 ta IM.CO. (MHes supplies H&ncoff^b and
Hdne oopitad PMals for students IS.OO per week. 620 Dodge 8t Phone 76184
FO« BKNT for BeaOi itass«ltant^A*Car Berrios. Oars |«r^ ossaaioas. Uta. It.f0 aS aiilit. Pkeats
for Xdatt Bhiall Sihaie room, $8 Meals if desired. 846 Mm^western Call 71062.^
, LOBT Leatt Cary elnb pin ott January 21 Flnd> er please call B C Whits, 2487 BeWard.
Notices
Ceres i No meeting Tuesday, February 4 —DBABBN8TOTT
Women Students: Corrective clinic Tuesday and Thursday from 4>6 p m in the Women's OymnaslUm starting Tuesday, February 4 All girls interested in improving their posture may attend and receive professional adrice —BUSSELL
Battery A-3 Freshmen: Basketball practice Tuesday, February 4, at 7 80 p m at Fieldhouse gym floor Come in proper attire —MEGOPF
StndOni Geoperative Association: Important meeting Wednesday February S, at 7 30 p. m. In SCA room of Union Election of officers —BBOWN
Chi Epsilon: Important meeting Thursday, February 6, at 7 30 p m in room 806 Of Union. —MTsms
Marriage Course Seniors* Wednesday nighters inqnire at west desk of Union for classroom number Thursday nighters will meet in west faculty lounge Bring pencils and be there at 7 16 p m —BANCROFT
Conditions in Mathematics Students with C grades should consult instructor concerned before Saturday, February 8 —SMITH
Firing Club. Meeting of the Flying club Wednesday, February 5, at 7 30 in room 268 of Union —GREVE
Sigma Delta Chi Initiation probably on Sunday, February 9 Awaiting word on ban quet speaker. Initiation fee ($16) payable to Stew Marquis prior to Sunday —McKEE
Alpha Lambda Delta* Call meeting Wednesday February 6 Watch Wednesday’s Exponent for time and place Short but important business meeting —WAYNE
Reamer Club: Important meeting Wed nesday, February 5, at 7 15 p m in room 807 of Union, and not Tuesday night as previously announced All members wear caps unsuitable caps will be collected for replacement by manufacturer Complete at tendance expected —BOHLIN
McBee’s Organic Chem 30: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed m the schedule of classes Their time and meeting places are Div L, Saturday 9, Chem annex 129, Div M Saturday 9, Chem 421, Div N, Thursday 2 Chem 421, Div O Thursday 2 Chem 431 —McBEE
Agriculture Education Society Meeting of all officers directors attendance com, mittee and program committee Wednesday February 6, at 7 80 p m in room 305 of Union. —CONRAD
Horticulture Society There will be a meeting Wednesday Feb 6, in the assembly room of the Horticulture building Please be there —RESNER
Co ed Rifiery Class practice Feb 6 6 10 12 18 Three practices are required Class matches Feb 18 and 20 —BLAGRAVE
AWS Executive Board Regular meeting Wednesday, February 6 at 7 30 p m in AWS office —ZWlERLEUfr
YWCA Call-out for girls to work on the publicity committee will be in the office Tuesday Feb 4 at 4 p m —PETERSON
NEVER A DULL
MOMENT
• •
GAME ROOMS BOWLING ALLEYS BROWSING ROOM
BILLIARDS SWEET SHOP GRILL LOUNGE
. . . dlL
JhL fijUAdwL TnjimifuaL UnJbfL
The Comer'of the Camptte^ Yet the Center of Activities
Debris Calls Frodi For Fditorial Staff
Irish Doubtful (Cdntinued ftABi page 1)
Make-tt» Egamiiuitiaiu lit MUB Crikrses: Mat^ttp axamiiiaitons ta cCnMive I tad 0 f raaei will be given in ME 11. 62 ana 68 on atdrday, febitaavy 82, at 1 p m. in room 301 of ME Building Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT.
Exponent Sophomore and Froshman Coeds t Important koOeting Tfwesday, February 4, at 5 p m in Exponent offices —SIMPSON.
Stadent Senate: Meeting Wednesday, February 6i at 4 p m in the Senate office Important —LAYSON
Alidia Zete: Special meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7*80 p m in room 882 of Union -STEWART.
Fi Tan Sigma: lleetltig Wednesday, February 6, at 4 p m in reading room of ME Building All members be present. —WIST
All freshman eds and co-eds interested in the Debris editorial staff should report to freshman call-out at 4 p m. today in the Debris workshop oh the second floor of the tJnlon. No previous editorial experience IS necessary; only requisites needed to work for Debris are a sense of humor, an interest in writing and dependability. Editor Bob Brown and the junior editors will be on hand to go through the various parts of the dummy for this year’s hook, and explain the duties of the freshmen who will work afternoons from 4 to 6 o'clock. j.h.m.
Independent Staff* All staff members and new Workers are expect^ to attend the meeting Wednesday, February 6, at 7 80 p m in the PIA office -GRIFFIN
Zouaves: All members wkhlAg to remain active meet in the Armory at 4 p. m Tuesday, February 4 —GIBSON
Poultry Club: Debria picture will be taken Thursday February 6, at 7 *80 p. m in the south ballroom of Union Wear suits or afternoon frocks Please be prompt. —SHEDBICK
Fencing—Call out for tiiose interested in fencing at 4 p m Tuesday, in fencing room of Fieldhouse —McCONAHAY
Gold Peppers Important meeting TUes day February 4, at 6 p m in room 212 of Union —CARROLL
All Students: Anyone interested in Playshop crew work, sign up at Playshop office in Fowler Hall by Tuesday, February 4 —KECK
Christian Science Organisation* Regular meeting Tuesday, February 4, at 7 16 p m in the Union Building —BURROUGHS
Union Sophomores: Meeting of Bum Room Committee Tuesday, February 4, at 4 30 p m in the Union office —WOLFE
Sknll and Crescent: Important meeting Wednesday, February 5 at 7 80 p m in room 802 of the Union Drop around fel lows 1 —LANIUS
it
II
REST ASSURED
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR HAROLD ) RISK 4th & Main Sta Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119!6 Northweatem Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards Ail Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Tailor
• Hardware
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We HaVe ft Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Mein St. Phone 2777
R. C. EtSENBAGH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main $t;
• Ice and Coal
Heys Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE Of square
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078
far from the continent to make landing feasible, the Irish say. It is too difficult a country, for another thing, and the difficulty of maintaining lines of commufficatien and supply IS too great to make such an expedition worth while :i^om the German point of View. Vltteover, aueh an invasion would force the Irish into the war, and that would not be to the German advantage, they think. And many think that if Eire observes strict neutrality the Germans will not have any cause for attacking Ireland. These people believe that the presence of British troops in Northern Ireland is provocative and that it might lead the Germans to attack On the other hand, there probably Would be acute dismay in Eire if the British suddenly decided to withdraw all their troops from the north, for realists admit that if the Germans do invade—and they would do so only if convinced that they had a reasonable chance of success—it would take more than the Irish Army to throw them out Officially, Premier Eamon de Valera has never stated what he would do in such circumstances, and consistent neutrality forbids that he should say m advance. Neither could he approve general staff talks for the purpose of the eo-ordination of plans with the British in the event of invasion The Belgians did not Nevertheless, if the Germans invaded, it IS likely that the British would be invited to go to Eire’s assistance
Letters To The Editor
Dear Sir: Since the enforcement of the draft, I have noticed that many people are exempted from military services; an inquiry discloses that the exempt people are wdmett, conscientious objectors, and men who are physical unfits. I started to think about these exempt people; the more I thought, the more worried I became; I realized that the hospitals Were not the only places that have “living dead.” We have living dead all around us, here on the campus, and everywhere. I call them living dead because they are the people who are branded “unfit for military services”; thejr are not called on to help protect that which is called the United States. Sixty years ago the now termed “unfits” Would have been unfitted for military services The soldiers were forced to do long periods of marching; however, war has changed. Fifty per cent of the present men “unfit for military services” are really fit for active duty; they should be taken when their
Deiiris Busines Staff Calb bRstanan Workers
There will be a freshman callout for workers on the Debris business staff Thursday at 4 p. m in the business office The business staff offers many jobs such as advertising, promotion work, accounting, personnel work, sales work or office work No experience is needed to fill these positions, according to Bob Breeden, business manager j d s.
GIRLS
Complete Stock of • MAX FACTOR » COTY
(Cosmetics)
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
iim IRK a.
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Hansell, ’37
yottH' like tfie Rrm fseling df eUmiUt Ir these CaniMm tdwele. They'iv tpeatB* fl«iek to ohserho White, witlk eirllMd bordeie. Write er iAhmo, If ye« eetaTlflMMik let itedt tqi yotar Ihmi riteel
4 f ^ ^
draft nmiibers are called- Modem warfare has phieea and poettkam which can and should be filled hjf certain classes of unfits; the soldiers who normally fill these poii*' tions could be need in the active fast moving troops After studying the people branded as “unfit,’’ I can hardly see hew the United Btates can expect her citizens to respect the government. The government permits matiy of her best men to die on the battle field just because of a gnpup of “unfitted fiat foots.” I am wondering which is fair: to let many a good soldier die, thus preventing the urn* necessary tiring of another person’s flat feet, or to have every one do a little physical suffering? D. M. B ’44.
iU
mh f
Tuesday, February 4, 1941
puAduiL £xtumaiit
-VI
Swimmers Condition For mini Invasion Tomorrow Fresh from their first victory of the season last Saturday when they managed to defeat Michigan State's tankmen, Coach Papenguth’s varsity swimmers worked at capacity yesterday afternoon in the perfection of the methods they hope will successfully defeat the Illini mermen in the meet tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock. Tomorrow’s encounter marks the first regular swimming contest to be held in the Fieldhouse pool this season. Commenting on the perfoi'mance
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
of his boys in the Michigan State encounter last Saturday, Papenguth stated that they turned in better performances in time than ever before. The trio of Kratzer, Carney and Williamson were the most outstanding lads to wear the Boilermaker colors. T^illiamson established a new varsity record in the breast stroke while Carney and Kiatzer contented themselves with hanging up new pool records. Relay Another varsity mark to fall before the onslaught of Saturday’s attack was in the medley relay, Jack Ancker being the newcomer in Riveter aquatic circles to take care of the backstroke part of the event. Facing the Riveter swimmers tomorrow is a team that should press the local boys to peak achievements. Coach Manley of the Illini institution is blessed with a squad this year that suffered very few losses due to graduation last June. Among the veteran members of the team that should give the Gold and Black plenty of trouble are Kurlack in the 150-yard breast stroke event and Kirkland in the 200 yard backstroke lace. Illini Greats Other men that will probably pile up points for the Illini team are Kienlein and Holquist, both of whom specialize in the art of diving. Also tops in the Illinois list of specialty acts is that of the 300 yard medley event. Last year the Illini squad managed to dish out a 51 to-33 de-
feat to the Riveter aggregation so that this year’s squad will be fighting for revenge as well as for its first conference victoiy. Tomorrow’s meet m the Fieldhouse pool will be the first opportunity to see this year’s tank team in action at home, and it should prove to be one of the more important encounters of the season. Admission to the pool wjll be given on the presentation of passports. d.w.m. Campus Gymnasts Needed In Reorganizing Gym Club All students interested in gymnastics are asked to report at the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. This call-out is sponsored by several “would be” organizers of a campus gymnastic club. Several times in the past, attempts have been made to start such an organization, but each attempt has failed, due laigely to a lack of members. However, the idea of a gymnastic club has lemained in the minds of a persistent few who have been working out thrice weekly in the Fieldhouse Gymnastics offer a splendid oppoitunity to any student seeking muscular strength and coordination. Equipment and instruction are both available at the Fieldhouse. The only element needed to organize a club is a little interest on the part of some of the men students, p b 1.
DO YOU SMOKE THE CIGARETTE THAT
Broadway’s Newest- Star CAROL BRUCE of ' LOUISIANA PURCHASE"
10
00^
’'01*
y
Copyright 1941, tuxm tt Mvem ToiuccoCe.
if^s the milder betfer’-tasting cigarette .,,the smoker^s cigarette Chesterfield has so many things a smoker likes so well that it’s just naturally called the smoker*s cigarette. You always enjoy Chesterfield’s COOLER, beher taste ...and they’re really milder—not strong or harsh. Get yourself a pack of Chesterfields.
New Broadcast Aired Today Features Intramural Sports
Now that the echos of the recent Indiana game are dying in the records, I would like to take a couple of paragraphs to commend two men who were rather winners in a way with the Purdue victory. . . . I-I . . . The first is Gordon Graham of the local Lafayette Journal and Courier. Graham is tops in the reportng and writing racket; he’s got too much patience (apparently), but time after time I’ve seen him use the old adage of “he who laughs last, laughs best.” And that is just what he was doing in last evening’s Courier, laughing, and rather iionical, too, at Indiana men who fill sports editors jobs throughout the state. . . . I-I . . . In Fiiday morning and Saturday editions of a few papers in this state, Graham was rather untimely abused by no uncertain derogatory adjectives by a few sports writers, especialljr the ones at Muncie and Bloomington. But if you read last evening’s Lafayette Courier, you saw his cynical leply, the reply of a man who has the patience to wait —and laugh last—and long, yes, very long. . . . I-I . . . And if you didn’t read it, I advise you to do so, because it is a sardonic masterpiece. Who said “patience” died with Job? . . . I-I . . . The Exponent staff was in for a bit of wild-fiie following the Hoos-lei-Boilermaker tussle. I caught
Fraternity Track Dates Announced Under the sponsorship of the intramural department the third annual interfraternity indoor track and field meet has been scheduled for February 20 and 21, Thursday and Friday. The site of the meet has been arranged as the Fieldhouse. Starting at 4:16 every afternoon, the meet will offer six events each day. Events included are as follows: 60 yd. dash, 60 yd. high hurdles, broad jump, shot put, 880 yd. run, 60 yd. low hurdles, high jump, pole vault, 440 yd. dash, mile run, relay. Fifty participation points are given each fraternity competing at least four men—ten points to a winner and five points to a runner-up. Medals and trophies are awarded to the winners, p.b.y. IM Schedules BASKETBALL—TODAY Court 1, H. Young; 7 00 Sigma Nu vs Phi Sigma Kappa 7 15 Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Sigma 8 '00 Phi Koppa Poi vs. Theta Chi 8 15 Phi Kappa Sigma va Theta Xi Court 2, W. B. McAdams 7 00 Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi 7 16 Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa 8 00 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Chi Rho 8 16 Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Chi Court 3, Harry Schivartz 7 00 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau 7 15 Acacia vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 8 00 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Tau 8 1) Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Pi Court 4, John Papurca 7 00 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7 16 Beta Theta Pi vs Pi Kappa Phi 8 00 Delta Upsilon vs Triangle
This afternoon at 4:30 o’clock Purdue University will acquire the distinction of being the second school in the country to have a radio broadcast devoted exclusively to its intramural program. Chief Clevett’s amiable assistant, Ken Scott, will take to the air waves over WBAA to inaugurate a new series of programs that will eventually become a regular Tuesday feature, Utah State, Ken’s alma mater, is the only other school in the country that airs a program of this type and its success at the western school is proof of the value of Scott’s endeavor. One of the purposes of the pro-
heck from an unofficial source for belittling Indiana by using the smallest size type I could find in the Exponent printing plant for the Hoosier headline I was informed that such proceduie was a disrespectful mistake . . . M . . . But if putting the “National Champions” m 6 point type and Purdue in 96 point type is a mistake, I’d like to make a similar error every day. . . . I-I . . . I also hear that fellow editor Danny Heiple is on the skillet for his bold and startling editorial considerating the freshman ticket scandal that so many of us have heard for the past week. . . . I-I . . . About all I’ve got to say as to Heiple’s editorial on the front page Sunday is that there are too (too darn few) few college men like him. More power to you, Danny! And if you think it doesn’t take nerve to write something like that, you should try it some time. . . . I-I . . . Danny, me bye, you’ie an instigator. Tsk!
LEARN TO DANCE NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., Feb. 5th, 7:00 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Feb. 6th, 7:00 P. M. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
gram is to give some much-deserved credit to the stars of intramural competition. Many boys possess athletic ability of a calibre that does not quite meet the standards of varsity competition but nevertheless is sufficient to place them above the average intramural competitor. During the course of the 15-min-ute program, Scott will include the names of the outstanding men in the various sports as a part of the news from the intramural battlefront. After Scott has officiated at enough of the broadcasts to insuie the benefits of a good start, Loren Brower will take over the commentary duties. The program this afternoon will brTng~the head of the intramural department, M. L. Clevett, to the microphone as the first of many guests that will be featured on the “Intramural Roundup.” Weekly Interviews During the course of the year all-star teams, selected by the intramuial office, will be announced and some of those fortunate enough to be selected will appear on the program. Each Tuesday an intramural manager from a fiaternity, a ward, or Cary Hall will be quizzed by Browei. One week fiom today the manager of Beta Theta Pi, winnei of last year’s paiticipation trophy, will be interviewed. One of the most important functions of the “Intramural Roundup” will be to keep the various fraternities, halls and wards informed as to their standing in the intramural race. Weekly summaries of the contests will be given and the program for the coming week will be announced. j.df. All-Campus Squash Play Enters Into Third Round With only three unplayed matches in early eliminations holding up its progress, the All-Campus squash tournament is advancing into its late stages. Mel Taube, Chief Clevett and Elmer Burnham, members of the physical education staff, along with Harry Ackerman, yearling squash aspirant, have advanced into quar-ter-final play, with second round play seeing Allen, Silvers, N. Goldstem, Gieen, and Fehring as competitors. Larry LaBree and Clevett are rated as the most likely winners in the tournament. Professor LeBree winning last year’s event. LaBree, however, has yet to play his first match, which is scheduled with Hyman Goldstein. This is one of the three matches slowing up the advancement of the tourney. The Mackey-Keeler and Hartley-Mann pairings are the other two holding nip progress. These were supposed to have been played on or before last Friday afternoon, d.e.b.
Riveters Thump (Continued from page 1)
from the foul line, one being a backhand shot as pretty as ever seen in our Fieldhouse. The Boilermakers led here, 18-14, and from here on played “cat and mouse” with the Illini. Caress Again The start of the second half saw Red Caress top his Indiana game performance. He and Riley fought off the basket assaults of the 6-4 Mathisen and Wukovits. Blanken, playing great ball off both bankboards, retired to defense and Riley, Igney and Caress started the nets humming. Captain Bob Igney, whose flawless passing, receiving and leadership makes him a playing coach, hit a long heave from the middle to score after the intermission. Richmond of Illinois drove under for a short goal, but Red Caress hit a short one fiom the foul circle. Richmond, a fast, low dribbler, made a free throw; the count, 30-20. Out Front Fiom the 30-20 margin of ten points, Purdue relapsed into playing on even terms with the visitors. Mathisen managed to tip a couple m from under, only after the Purdue blow had mortally wounded the Illinois offense. Summary: PURDUE (46) FG FT PF Igney, f 2 4 2 Sprowl, f 2 4 2 Fields, f 0 0 0 Kieffer, f 0 10 Blanken, c 4 4 3 Weber, c 0 0 1 Blemker, g 0 14 Caress, g 3 12 Riley, g j 4 18 Polk, g 0 0 0 Adams, g 0 0 1 Totals 16 16 18 ILLINOIS (29) PG FT PP Drish, f 0 12 Shapiro, f „ 2 0 3 Brown, f _ 0 0 0 Osterling, f 0 0 1 Hooker, f 0 0 0 Mathisen, c 8 2 2 O’Neill, c 0 0 0 Richmond, g 2 6 3 Wukovits, g 8 0 4 Griggs, g 0 10 Bergeson, g 0 0 2 Shirley, g 0 0 2 Townshend, g 0 0 0 Dillon, g 0 0 1 Totals 10 e 20 Union Book Exchange Holds $1,000 Refunds According to an announcement from Bob Hoffer, Union vice president in charge of the Student Book Exchange, over $1,000 yet remains to be refunded to students who sold their books through the exchange. The Book Exchange will be open every day from 11 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the reception room adjoining the west desk of the Union until students call for all of the cash on hand and unsold books. No new books will be accepted. d.t.b.
Keep a Neat Appearance Always . . . with our FINE DRY CLEANING Confidence about personal appearance is the biggest factor in that “on-top-of-the-world” feeling. For “THAT WELL-BRED LOOK” Send us your suits, overcoats, sportswear, and formals—-for cleaning and pressing that keeps your clothes worthy of you.
r i NE CILRANERS OF FINE CLOTH E