I 7
i
m.-
f^CHANGE POST Jt t EDITORIAL Relates Tales m M K Jt MiB ^Mm M M Jlkf^ Asks For Truthful ^ f<ftCatjE4c^mr^i>f2WXg#X* From Other Schools W m ' News Coverage EatabliBhed 1889 ™ ' Congratulations, Netmcn Volume 55/ No. 97 Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana Tuesday, March 2, 1943 Boilermakers WhiiT Indiana With 41 Points Ajmyj:hoos« Cary Hall, Sig Ep^jS mIwiS'iS Will Arrive On March 8 Osfrancfer Nomed Queen Fnr Fnninoorinn rniircoc ^'6® Club, brilliant climax to an otherwise mediocre hardwood season last rOl CnyinCorBliy courses jp . O^'chestra To Participate night in the Fieldhouse as they completely outplayed, oUt Arrangements have been \J§ f ■ fCf Cf S Olfl By Paul Hahn maneuvered, and literally made the much heralded Indiana completed for the housing of • One of the entertainment high- ^eam look sick by a score of 41-38. It was truly the best ball the lirst contingent of army Ann Ostrander was chosen “Queen of the Senior Prom” yesterday afternoon at a meeting lights of the year, the Musical Con- game that a Boilermaker team has played, in the last three meli who will come to the cam- of the Prom Committee. She is a members of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and a resident of vocation, will be presented next years . . . one which more than made up for the defeats that puM for Specialized training in West Lafayette. elt^^tmmbers^^wiir i^e^^TndudJd teams have suffered at the hands of Indiana outfits engiheering on March 8. Most Besides “Queen Ann’s” appointment, the committee, headed by Will Hiller, Student Union among some well known master- years. of the men will be quartered in president, also named the Queen’s Court. They are: Sylvia Pittman, Pi Beta -Phi; Mabel pieces, according to A. p. Stewart. Although the victory can be attributed largely to the fine the west end of South Cary Vaughan, WRH, Wood Hall; Emily Lloyd, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Betty Wedge, Kappa Kap- This convo, originated a few years teamwork and smooth cooperation of the entire team, there Hall, but the Sigma Phi Epsi- pa Gamma. become one of the more was one player who can take a lot of the credit for the fine loh fraternity will also be used Plans are being made for the coronation ceremonies which will be held during the dance the season. performance of .the underrated Boilermaker team. This was as quarters. The plan originally Friday night. The Completed o program will feature the Brower, who, although being the smallest man on the called for the taking over of two . ■ 11^1 plans will be announced in Gie*^^ch?b'^ floor, played cool, masterful ball throughout the contest for fraternities, but only one was sc- | nQ fjCl 66S'5HOU lu 5110 W Thursday’s Exponent. sity Choir. ^ what was easily his best game of the year. Tommy walked off JunL Senior Engineers ^ ^^ck of help in the Band Opens Program with scoring honors for the Riveters with 11 points while doThe’men will be junior and senior T Cashier’s office, prom tickets The first of these units in the a brilliant job of guarding Captain Irv Swanson. Tom engineers fr>m the Fifth Service | iQllSCriPT ©OilS will not be sold there as pre- Program will be contributed by the and Duffy Friend were the two men who held the ball club Command and will be selected by ■ viously announced, but they Band under the direc- together last night in the game which every true Boilermaker screening tests which are being giv- According to an instruction letter received by the President’s ^iil be ^old each evening this week had lived for. en at the present time. They will office from the Army Specialized Training Program, it is of from 3:00 p. m. to 5.-30 p. m. in first movement of 'Williams High For Indiana iraportance that each college etudeot reporting for in- f™nt of tto Sweet sc“be77ecliy f,..r?he“oriS"; Williams, the tanned Hoosier center, who got by with murlege training and the work here will “Action bring with him an official transcript of his college rec- ® jj ^ . score, will be followed by the con- der all evening, led the erratic Indiana attack with 11 points, count toward a degree. The group ord. This should be as complete as possible and should indicate 11,05^ pej^coupig ^ ramams cert polka, “Triplets of the Finest," Hamilton, the supposedly great Hoosier forward, managed to which will start to class on March if he is outstanding in any particular line of work. The tran- « p featuring a cornet trio. The band’s get only eight maifers largely because of the nice job of 16 will take practically the same script will be of assistance to Lew D!^ond*^whose band is fur- overture guarding by Duffy Friend. Ehlers dropped in four baskets for by junior and .enlor en^neoStut FlUntt Tci <inf=^alc ''“"f “"f '"''""f operetta, «Eose Marie.- Boilermakers. their terms will be twelve weeks in iL/ ^fJCalx Signing the student to duty or for this year s prom, hails from the Orchestra The Riveters demonstrated their shooting superiority by length. . -i* ^ to training for which he is best Windy City.” He started his own Joseph M. Regains will direct the scoring 18 field goals on only 60 shots taken, while Indiana was The five hundred men will be di- Af f^QnyQ qualified. Orchestra in the prelude to “Die making only 13 of 79. Hamilton, a shotgun if there ever was vided into three p'oups of 160 each The army specialized train- have included such spots as the by Wagner and the one, took 23 shots at the basket As a contrast Brower took who will take civil, electrical and — .a , . • j • j • ^7 suen spots as xne “Russian Sailor’s Dance” by Gliere. , . , , mechanical engineering and 60 will Fprogram IS designed pri- Sherman Hotel, Edgewater Beach, 'pj.^g Concert Choir of 35 voices ©l^ht. be assigned to chemical engineering. * ”” UffJCTff marily to furnish technically Drake, Palmer House, Blackhawk, j^^ve a part on the program Ehlers Opens Scoring _ The new men will be taught by regu- r,,. Fllinft-will snpnk at-a snPf-ial *^^bied men needed for the prosecu- Chez Paree, Blackstofte and many the University Choir of 260 Indiana took the opening tipoff but Ehlers immediately ler University instructors. convocation for wmnen Thursday at '"bes/‘Jntolst?’if The bushmss”"^ persons. The University Chom will scored the first basket of the game after driving through the ^ Collel■ f M-r Fowler Hall for nion themselves and will equip them Between his regularly scheduled by Bob ShTw FiTwIrTTg’s Hamilton, Swanson and Wittenbraker brought the purpose Of answering the many constructive citizenship in the stands in the downtown night clubs. Glee Club director.’It will also nfe- ^JOUnt to 2-6 in a hurry, but Ehlers and Biggs retaliated vm-sltv will he ^ H %+T' 5^®®t’^® that have arisen reprd- reconstruction period after the war. Lew play.s the main social func- gent the premier of “The Purdue with two well timed baskets from close in. Brower then faked new men and will havreharge of uLeraitt''^”^ The transcript of the college record tions, college engagements, society Hymn,” written by Alfred B. Kirch- Capt. Swanson out of position and scored on a one hander, their military training. It is ex- ^Alth:^ several convos have ItrlttTl'SraS f teVt hoff of Lafayette and presented to Biggs repeated, bringing the count to 10-6. been held for the men, this will be determine the student’s and sorority engagements in the The” finaTe ^will include all the Hamilton and Williams put the Hoosiers back into the lead rii^niiup^ eligibility to enter the specialized Vicinity of Chicago. groups united in the “Ode to With a long one hander and a lay up shot, respectively, 10-11. Thil group will be tlTT firsTcon- fTg theh' eduTaTioT tT" Morter America” by Noble Cain, of Chi- Ehlers and Biggs then teamed beautifully to score three quick, tingent of Army and Navy men Board has conducted'a survey with , , ,, , TfTrtr2 r’m AwThS^granS n a. « baskets, putting the Riveters once again in the lead, 16-11. who arc expected to come to the the intention of finding the most The army also requested that the „ ‘ ^ Doors Open At 6:45 While Biggs was guarding Logan on the SOUth end of the floor. University under the joint Army- pertinent questions in the coeds’ University be able to furnish mfor- • 01 coe s. Ai-rangements have been made to the Hoosier forward knocked the popular Boilermaker to the Navy specialized training program, minds regarding their future as which has to floor Other groups are expected to arrive students of the University and will ap itudes and character f C^# J „ in order that there will be ample • in the near future and several give these to Dr Elliott before the which can ordinarily be time to be seated before the open- HlggS 1 les into EOgan groups who volunteered to turn convocation. He will answer these only by observation. number. Admission will be by BiggS, as a natural reaction, then lit into Logan and the their facilities over to the Army at questiohs in his address and will Committee Appointed 1SttStlQIl student identification card or sea- battle was on. In a few seconds about fifty player^ and fans this time may have an opportunity then accept questions from the At a meeting of the Executive ^ ' ®°" Lcket. Single admissions can be y^,eJ•e throwing fists. Directly behind the basket Williams tOOk to do this as more and more men floor. Committee, Pies. E. C. Elliott ap- •«- ■ ^®® ^ e cooi 01 55 cents. ^ crack at Ehlers and immediately found that he had bit off too Summer Jobs To Be Discussed pointed a committee for the purpose |OS©S I OuSV ril- 11 \uni rv- ^luch and was SOOn taking the worst of it. After about five According' to Dean Coohdge the of drawing up a form which could ' |>ilRAft iA/b|I jt hi. Intarlc Atia/'lr ArmoJ main purpose .f the co,.v. »ill bo boosocltoraiothostacloutsonlead- Today is positively the last day tlHOlI Will UISUISS minutes the scrap was Stopped. Biggs and Logan after much lllJClIj AlidiK AlllIcQ the discussion of how to keep ership, intelligence, sense of rc- freshman and sophomore military . r /* I - cllSCUSSlon With the Coaches and referees, were kept on the the women in school. Dean Coolidge sponsibility, cooperation and physi- students may register for conipeti- firsdlilffitifin bench and the game waS resumed. At the end of the half the In says that many women who need to cal stamina. tion in the best soldier contest spon- Hoosiers had CUt the lead down to 20-18. V IvJ I JU Uliillllj work during the summer for neces- University officials urge each stu- sored by Scabbard and Blade, na- President E. C. Elliott will meet Kennedy opened the second period with a free throw, folThe hardships and privations afiaid that they dent who is ordered to report for in- tional military honorary. There is this afternoon at 4:30 in room 129 lowed by a basket on a fast break by Brower after receiving that the meiUers ot the Armed ^meu on their jobs This duclion to obtain an official tian- a table on the balcony of the of the Electrical Engineering build- a oass from Friend McGinnis Hamilton and Williams narUiat tne memoeis ot tlie Aimed question is one ot those that Dr, script of his college lecord and to Armory Avhere those interested may ..ii ^ mena. iVlCGrinniS, mmilton ana Williams nar tot he e”rto3.ycar ,17“ ““he invcstig.ie the possibilities of uec.l fepiste.l' anti reei.tfalion will be rowed the lead to one Point More Morris hit a free throw and ^y rae entomological pnases ot tlie Charge foi the filling out of rating forms closed at 5:30 p. 111. , degrees in April. The purpose Enend looped a long shot through from the Side, bnngmg the Prof. J. J. Davis head of the Uni- *,h® convoca- mentioned abijfVe. Saturday afternoon, March 24, is meeting is to discuss plans' SCOre to 27-23. Kennedy scored and then BrOWer tipped iff a versity entomology department, re- 1;'°" th®^ ^®®* accessary The possession of an official tran- foi' 8'raduation and such things as shot with his elbow—either by luck or skill, we don’t knoW cehtly received the following “in- to build up the niorale ot the women script and the rating forms may de- the wearing'of robes, processional which. 10(1 011 tlic caiiipus. A pi'essiHg ttood lias termine whether or not the drafted ^*th tpnimands and discipline lec- musical entertainment bac- a ri. ^ - a. j: i j-t- tt • i- j u it. S„a " "7 tohtil T. ft '»'■ “ =*“<'«"> »'» ■»>“■"» ‘I"' exefcisos, .„<i pef^oual =* “‘fjf *’^‘1 Shwest Pacific Tim rim' fo specialized training plan and "I the iactors which determine the p^.g^e^tation of diplomas by Dr. to a shm 32-29 margin. Bob Morns pushed in a one mW student now stationed in New circulating aroupd will be sent back to school to con- winner. Members of Scabbard and expected to come under hander, followed by another by Brower. Kennedy stole'the 5u... Wflte. -The «i7.f= on T"” 7 ,“h f duuL7 u'L hlS L7 "7m . . ball Oom Williams and scored to make the count 88-29. Menks the offensive all day, the mosquitoes f t rnnliTpc « reoular ariiiv officers *® “iterested in dis- scored his only basket of the evening on a shot from Under 'ihp’'univ'.fti’ty is cloihP its ul.uost SfUdeHtS Holcl GUII poKhsilvof, a.fd bfonee ,„ed«i r.litos.Td: ‘S’" "“f ““ v“*° u “ ”'T t J f D 1 '1 h U S *^c®9 Avonieii in school in will be given to the first, second the running, but the Boilermakers held the ball until the gun, MaNnes seiwTS iiTtL CftiiafI and third place winners respective- ^ ^ winning 41-38. venoSs “The other nigffit I aToke ^^1^90 tOlUpBlfflOH t'^® L'eshnia.i and soph- Summary and heard a couple of mosquitoes t':r:'ren'\ffit:“:j Howitzer squad competition will ^ ceiTlTl^n^ :id:’Lr=e:7 £l"d »poci..„d„fi„p.,.o„,f. Capt. w. /. free/ ~™o«hs'»d..hop7fti„ ^ * hi.“.;7 p- ;£ camera Club To Meet =““7;r t r;.e7: m\\ Talk At pomm „„, ,“c I J il '2 food w,11 lake h„o s..y '» the pew 105 e„„s ydiib. osed. .. . „ , SDX To Initiate E. I. Higgs ; “ i I When last seen Lt. Deal was . _ „ officers will command MoGf/flCf THutSdSY Swan Z, C 1 0 3 2 gentlysoariiigacrass a Guadalcanal /(f /.jy I squads of basic military students yiHUbUdy Ac AsSOCiate MeUlber / Morns, C 1 3 1 6 lagoon. Authoutative lepoi s say who have been practicing for about Next Thursday evening at 7:30, Friend, g 1 0 0 2 that his only means oi propulsion Tomorrow evening at 7:30 the a month. Considerable trouble has POMM will hold its regular meet- Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic Ehlers, g i 4 0 2 8 was a atta ion o yin^ lec an s. Camera Club will hold its first arisen in the formation of the big* as a smoker in room 355 of the honbrary, will initiate E. I. Higgs, Totals 18 5 17 41 nleeting of the month in room 363 squads because of men lost to tho Union. Principal speaker for the editor of the Connersville NewsDr. W. H. Headlee of the Union. The principal speaker Air Corps and the regular army. occasion will be Captain W. 1. Freel Chronicle, as an associate member INDIANA (38) FG FT PF TP will be Prof. G. A. Hawkins, who squads, who are ^ subject pertain- tonight at 5 p. m. in room 302 of Hamilton f 3 2 2 8 . . . formerly of the Biology De- has chosen infra-red photography mg to the life an advanced ROTC the Union. Higgs is well known in j +■ ’ n o « partment ot the University, has ac- tor his subject. student might expect to lead in the journalistic field and is at pres- “ . , “ cepted a position with Indiana Uni- To help him explain the many made up of men principally officers’ Candidate School. , eiiL a member of the state legis- Lewis, 1 1 118 versity Medical School in Indian- applications of the ray in^portrait from one fraternity or from dif- Freel, who was formerly con- lature. Denton, f-g . 1 12 3 apolis. He is now in 'Washington, and landscape photograpliy, Prof, ferenl units of Cary Hall. nected with the Ordnance School, Walter Rafert has replaced Bill McGinnis, f ” 1 118 D. C., taking part in a course in Hawkins will show slides which il- general public is invited to '® ordnance officer here on Hoskins as president of Sigma 'Williams C ‘3 5 4 11 tropical medicine. From there ho lustrate its many uses. Rules for the campus. His speech will deal Delta Chi, and Robert Boswinkle xTr-xi. i ’ i x /v « « will return to Indianapolis where the spring exhibit will also be an- conipe i ion w ic wi 1 spgyiflgjjjiy problems that News Editor of the Exponent, will Wlttenbiakei, g 1 0 8 2 he will instinct in parasitology and nounced at the meeting. Everyone Die first public demonstration of y,g candidate will probably en- take over the vice-president’s duties SwailSOn, g 3 0 0 _ 8 tropical medicine. ns invited to attend. the 106’s held here. counter at O.C.S. schools. ' vacated by Rafert. Totals 13 12 14 88''4S^
,.'''’ j) \
, A-
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Unions Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Honoran Editor William G. Hoskir With the Color*;
Editor Business Manairor Newfi Editor Manaffinff Editor Senior AdvcrlisinK Manager Sports Editor Cord Editor Coed Business Executive
Dale E. Rut? Gerhard H. Klouman Uobert W. BosTvinkU Snlh Beall James G. Pe(t\ Joseph S. Dawson Jean l^ucr A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: F J. VeKh J T Ivichniilson. T L Tilton W. H. T>son, W*. L. Vermilion, M L Smith, C. C. Martindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: PnyDis I^Iann, Martha Lee Rig:j?s, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sownrds, J. Ackerman, D. Shrjer, R. Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertisingr Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers; J. 1 IcNon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R H Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Lilts.
Editor^imChieC
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Smiih Sport** Editor: Smith Da> Editor: Mann Issue Editor: Forsjthe Workers: Hopkins. Mocic. Lipcs Dominik Speck, Williams, Hahn, Yargar, Grotnes, RichauLon, Stiinbcig, Lvnch, Rayius:
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3. 1917, aiUhori7<-d January 2Q, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Fridav and Sunday morningfc during the ycai Dehvtrcd locally by earner for 8;i.7b for a semester or $3.09 fo’* two s(mc‘*tcrs. by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.30 for two fiemc^^tus. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Publisheis Representatives, 420 Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y.
Why Must IFe Have War News Colored?
qhe mSHMTOK . Tm R,, u 1 p,| 0(( Merry-dO-ROUND ly DREW PEARSON McNutt Rescinds Walker's
Revised FSA Report Ordering Army To Pick Arizona Cotton
'Boss Ket' To Speitk
Just Looking Around
Newspapers and'radio news-casters have always been inclined to exaggerate the news in order to create interest in their stories, but this tendency seems to be especially strong in war time. During periods of national emergencies ,people are hlterestetl in what is happening and follow the developments very closely in the newspapers or over the radio. Consequently, their thinking and attitudes are swayed very materially by what they see and hear. Although the reliability of some news dispatches may be doubted, we will assume for purposes of illustration that the newspapers and news-casters are in possession of the facts. These men build their stories on the basis of these facts, but there is a tremendous tendency for them, to overplay the successes and underplay the defeats. People like to hear the bright side of the war and this may have some influence upon the lype of stories and programs that are put out for public consumption. This is a dangerous situation, however, because it builds up a false sense of security and really no security exists. One illustration of the thing about which we are writing wa.s brought to our attention during the Libyan campaign of last summer. For a period of about a week the newspapers carried stories to the effect that the British were about seventy miles from Bengazi and were advancing rapidly. The same stories also said that half of Rommel’s forty tanks were destroyed daily. Seemingly the British w^ere advancing rapidly while staying in the same spot and half of those same forty tanks were destroyed six or seven times. More recently in the Tunisian campaign, the Americans were driven back some seven-ty-five or eighty miles and lost considerable equipment and men. The newspapers and radios tried to minimize the defeat and disguised it under the name of an orderly, strategic withdrawal. When the Americans and British drove the Germans back fifteen miles or about one-sixth of the distance lost, the press and radio haled the feat as a major victory. Why can’t the American people be presented the news in a straightforwai’d manner regardless of whether it is good or bad? Certainly we are strong enough to take it as well as give it. As University .students let u.s not be deceived or ept off our feet by what we read or hear. We should be intelligent enough to dig down under the false cover of much of the war new.s and discover for ourselves the actual meaning and significance of much of the news. The daily battles are important as the stepping stones to final \ictory, but we must not let ourselves be .swayed from an optomistic to a ])es.simi.stic attitude from day to day as a result of one day’s or several days’ action. We should realize that the tide of battle will fluctuate from day to day and that we can not alway.. expect to be mi the winning side. If we inve .tigate thq I'eal meaning of the war new.s and (•^’uluate it.s meaning, we will ha\'e a clearer picture of the whole war .situation.—d.e.b.
WASHINGTON—There was a lot more than meets the eye behind the Army’s move to pick cotton in Arizona, followed by the sudden rescinding of the order by Manpower Commissioner Paul McNutt. It looked very much as if the Army were trying to play politics. Last summer, hard-hitting Senator McNary of Oregon deluged Secretary of War Stimson with letters urging that men be furloughed to harvest crops in the Northwest. But Stimson flatly refused. This time, however, the Army^—^though Stimson didn’t know about it—was just itching to pick cotton. Here are the inside facts: When the question of the Arizona cotton crop arose. Deputy Farm Secuiity Administrator John 0. Walker .submitted a report that only 7,600 bales of long staple cotton were left unpicked as of Feb. 1; that only the tag end of the crop lemained, widely scattered; that 1,700 cotton pickers already had been moved in from Missouri and Texas; and that enough of them remained to handle the harvest. Also about 13,000 bales of short staple cotton were unharyested, but with two years’ supply on hand for the nation, the government wasn’t worried about such a small amount. Note: Last year when Rommel menaced Egypt there was considerable worry about long staple cotton most of which comes from Egypt. But since then Egyptian cotton has been moving regularly to the U. S. A. © Army Loves Cofrfon Fields Walker’s recommendation was so negative that no one 111 the Agriculture Department thought anythingmore about the question of using the Army, President Roosevelt had said that he would order out the Army only if the Secretary of Agriculture certified that an emergency existed, and Walker reported there was
FROM THE BUCKEYE STATE A “recognition school’’ has been established at Ohio State by the Navy for all branches of the service and foreign fighters. This school is the only one of its kind in the United' States; and was developed by Dr. Samuel Renshaw. This teaching of visual perception was developed in order to make it easier for fighters to recognize approaching planes and objects on the ground. —Ohio State Lantern.
THOSE WALKING DREAMS By means of a slow motion picture the girls at William Smith College have had the roalizaticn brought liome that they walk Car from perfect. The blow motion film has shown that many girls have defects in walking, carrying of the head, lound shoulders, and hollow backs. The realization of these faults has caused the college to help the girls improve their cai-riages.
no emergency.
SiJupcA.
2iid Lt. |. R Brov/n
. . of Rashville, now veai ihe “..mgb” of a Mamie flyer following the completion of ins advanced flight traimng at the U. S Naval An Station, Jatk.sonville, Fla. The 23-yeai-old fiyei was giadualed fiom tlic Univei.sit,\ in with a B.S digiee
Then an unusual thing happened. Brig, Gen. Idwal n. Edwards, on Gen. Marshall’s General Staff, telephoned Farm Security’s John Walker and suggested that he revise his report. He wanted to give the Army an excuse for picking cotton. This was done. Walker rewrote his report, and on the basis of this second report, prompted by Gen. Edwards, the Army was ordered to pick cotton. Later when Manpower Commissioner Paul McNutt heard about it, he laiscd such a fuss that the older w-as rescinded. Secietary of War Stimson is undei stood not to have known anything about his general’s cotton-picking plans. As to what prompted the Army to want Walker’s report levised in order to put soldiers in the cotton fields, two unofficial explanations arc offered: (1) The Arm> w anted to show its good will with the farm block in order to quiet fears of too big an Army and a labor shortage; (2) the Army wanted to show that its cotton-picking would be a failure, thus not be bothered with more demands for soldiers in the harvest fields this summer. No explanation was forthcoming from the Army. ® M rs. ■'Hope Diamond'' McLean Rationing will change a lot of things around the Nation's Capital, amoug them the time-honored pastime of going out to dinner. Dining out is one reason theateis never have thrived in Washington. A dinner party is more amusing. A potpomri of politicians, diplomats, senators could stage just as good show as vaudeville any evening. Most famous and sometimes most bizarie of the Washington dinnei parties, year in and year out, have been those of Mis. Evalyn Walsh McLean, owmer of the Hope Diamond, wliose play-boy husband, a dose pal of Warien G. Harding, tiled for a time to save Doheny by saying that he had loaned the mysterious !!i100,000 to Albert Pall in the Teapot Dome scandal. Mrs. McLean’s estate “Friendship” was the scene of many a Harding party, after which Mrs. Harding sometimes accused her liusband of smuggling- whiskey bottles into the White House. The McLean dinners, continuing through the j ears, have featured such guest.s as British Ambassador Lord Halifax and Finnish Minister Procope, whose countries arc at war, yet who have sat at the right and left, respectii ely, of their hostess and'kept up an animated conversation; also head G-man J. Edgar Hoover and FBI-hating Martin Dies; also the glowering John L. Lewis and many a big business potentate who fears him. Mrs. McLean takes a lot ol people undei hei wing, .some of v\ horn are now w ondei'ing how hei dinners can continue under latioiiing. “I told Lord Lothian when he first came heie,” she says, “that ho just Liad to know the right people.” (Lord Lothian, late Britisli Ambassador, had made 25 trips to the U. S. A, as head of the Rhodes Scholar Foundation, probably knew this county better than most Americans). “So I sent Lothian mj dinnei list. That was w'hy he was so successful here. Why, I even sent him my dinner list with the comments written on the margin, “Tlicn when poor Lothian died and the Halifaxes came, I did the same ior them. I phoned Lady Halifax in Canada and told her, ‘My dear, you must invito the right people to dinner. I will send you my list’. “But,” continued Mrs. McLean, “theie’s one man I won’t have m my house. That’s the Russian. Litvinoff has been trying to get an invitation fiom me for years, but I won’t liave him.” Note: Litvinoff seldom dines out, shuns Washington society, prefers his friends in New York to the starched bosoms ol Washington. © Knox' Wave Foi weeks theie liave been WAVES all over the Navy D.'pai Lnienl, hut now one has been assigned, loi the lii.rt time in liistoiy, to the Oflice of the Sec-
1 etai'T,,
In an ante-room of Knox’s oflice, dressed in a -•nappy blue uniform, and looking alert, sits Mary kou Stevenson, Yeoman 3id Class. She performs all tlie dulie.i of tin' male yeoniati who pieceeded her, who IS about to bo leleased for active duty. On being queslioiied closely, pulchritudinous Yeoman Slevciiboii say.s “My real name is Mary Louise, but lliey geneially call me Maiy Lou down home.” “Down home” is Mount Steihng, Ky. (Gopyiighl, 1943, l)> United Featuie .Syndicate, Inc )
MABLE IS AN ENGINEER The Illinois Institute of Technology ha.s offered to give certain qualifying women a chance to become legular engineers. The women will go to school 40 hours a week; and will be enrolled in “blocks”, which is a complete unit of work in itself. There will be'three blocks; at the end of which the young W'omeii will be able to take over any engineering post. The women need not have had mathematics or the necessary sciences in high school to enter school.
“I WANT A DATE” To show the effect of history upon the University of Wisconsin, a recent report shows that the state historical society has developed the largest library for historical facts of any historical society.
LET THERE BE LIGHT In piotest of blackouts occurring during exam w-cek, Louisiana State University students, who found studying undei the bed with a candle or flashlight and a book of notes, or even cmlcd in a closet with mote books, uncomfortable, voiced their grievance by dumping bags of water and fircci ackers on the heads of campus wardens. Results: civilian defense authorities promised to con■sult University exam schedules before sounding tlie alert. —The Reveille.
DON’T GET COLD FEET Says the Daily Californian, editorial page, “The Ice Box is a place on the editorial page for students to cool off and air their giipes by writing heated Icltci.s to the editor. Letteis mu.st be signed, but names .vill be V, ithlield upon lequest.” —Daily Californian.
SAID ONE LITTLE MORON . . . In keeping with the icst of the countiy, the Dakota Student offers these little moron jokes: Have you heard about the little moron wliose niothei ('idn’t want him to shoot craps because slic didn’t know howto cook them’? Or the one who yvas so bashful he went into the closet to change his mind ? Or tlie one w'ho cut off hi.s fingci.s so he could jilay the piano by eai ? Oi the one who was dying so they took him down to the living loom'? Admits tlie Dakota, “They’ie all coiny.” —The Dakota Student.
By Bill Wendell Charles F. Kettering, vice-presi-dent of General Motors Corporation, and pre.sident of General Motors Research laboratoi y in Detroit and Dayton, Ohio, wdll speak at a convocation for students and townspeople to bo held Thursday at 7:30 p. m. Kettering has distinguished himself in many fields. His inventive genius brought to the woild appliances such as the Delco lightingnow used in many farm houses' of the nation; the cash register, indispensible to all shop owneis, and many other electrical devices. “Bos.s Ket” To Friends “Boss Ket,” to his friends and business associates, has been a long-time personal friend of Dean A. A. Potter, head of the schools of Engineering, and it was mainly through the dean's efforts that the much sought after inventor-engi-neer was secured for the convocation. Born near Loudonville, Ohio, in 1905, Charles Franklin Ketteringgot his first job with the Star Telephone Company, which directed his attention to the field of electricity and its applications; later he took a position as head inventor with the National Cash Register Company. It was about this lime that he formulated the ideas for a starting, lighting and ignition system for automobiles which are used at the present time. Fayors Group Research All his lesoarch has been conducted not as individual effort but as group experimentation. As a result of work inspired by his leadership such practical products as ethyl gasoline, Duco finish, and the first two-cycle deisel engine were put on the market. Essentially a practical man. Boss Ket has a definite idea of the meaning of research. He says it is “industiial prospecting,” “an organized method of finding out what you are going to do when yon can’t keep on doing v/hat you are doing now.” “Reseearch is a state of mind.” Although his practical nature predominates, puie research also has been developed by Kettering as illustiated by some of his favorite posers, one of which is “Why is grass green?” In order to attempt an investigation of the mechanism involved in photosynthesis he has subsidized a !}!30,000 research found at Antioch College of which he is a trustee. Has No Yes-Men According to an article m Fortune magazine, Boss Ket likes to argue and as a lesiilt is not surlounded by yes-men. He is not satisfied to solve problems alone but would lather instruct other people and show them the methods of research. He is famous lor his ability to keep a realistic objective in view' during a lesoarch problem The convocation Thursday is sponsored by the Lafayette Chamber of Comineicc and is open to all at no chai gc
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson Germany is under the hardest bombing that she has ever been under; and indications point to even greater raids as soon as the Allies can finish with the Tunisian campaign. The British Wellington and Lancaster bombers have vir^tually bombed the large German north Atlantic naval ports off the 'earth and the American Flying Fortresses are holding their own during the day. The British have ad- — —
mitted that they are doing little damage to the submarine factories and stations, but
Personnel Notes Companies Scheduled to 'Visit
they claim that the damage Campus: comes from the sleepless days Zenith Radio Corporation, Chicathat the Germans are getting. This go. 111.—March 4. Interested in is the second week of continual April and August EE.
bombing.
XXX
Added light has been thi-own upon the refusal of Stalin to go to the
Armour & Company, Chicago, 111. March 5. Interested in April and
August ChE.
Allis - C h a) m e i s Manufacturing
British and American conference in Company, Milwaukee, Wis.—Mar. 5.
North Africa. The main reason for Interested in Apiil and August EE,
his refusal was that he was afraid ME, PSE; also girls majoring in
that he would have to define his re lations with Japan, and thus be drawn into making a decision that would bring- about war at a time when the Russians could least afford it. The Russians, Stalin believes, arc doing their part in the Far East by keeping around half a million Japanese occupied along the Manchuko bolder.
XXX
Mr. Bankhead of the House of
chemistry, mathematics and physics.
These companies do not plan to visit the campus; liowever, they are interested in students for employment: C. G. Conn, Ltd., Elkhart, Indiana Interested in EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday noon, Mar. 6.
Infounation can also he obtained
Representatives has proiiosed that at the Personnel Olfico regarding farmers be exempt from military .scholarships, fclloW'ships and assorvice. This has been what the sistantships at University of Pennfarmers have wanted all the time, sylvania, Fletcher School of Law but certain faim leaders have ex- and Diplomacy, Mcdfoid, Mass., and pressed themsehes in a none to New Yoi k Univeisily.
subtle manner in the belief that the
action has been taken too late for there is already a shoi tage of fai-m help and the .soldiers will hardly bo able to do'the work that an experienced farm laborer could do. It rc-
Placement Notes For Women The Indiana State Personnel Division, 141 South Meridian Stiect, In-
mains to be seen what action the dianapolis, announces examinations government vvill take toward com- for the position of recreational suplete lielp for the farmer and his porvisoi Applications must be rcfuture war crops. ceived by the state office before XXX March 17. Positions exist in the Politics still seems to be playing- various state institutions. The work a largo part in the running of the involves directing recreational and war. Facts have been released that ielated aetuitios. Any one inteiostpoint to a playing- of politics in the ed should call Phlcemcnt Service for pre.sent Tunisian campaign. Certain Women, ‘2955. foi furtliei infornia-
generals delayed the time of at- tion.
tack, which was to have taken place before the November election, until Radchffc College, Cambridge, after the “election in the hope of Mass., announces two fellowships causing the Republican', to sweep for study in poisonncl administrainto Congress. It might be alright tion offered for the coming year, to have politics play a part in tlie Those aie five hundred dollars each appointing of a minisiei to a for- (.'jiSOO) and the training prepares eign country, but in the waging and for careers in iinvate industry, govplanning ot a battle politics has no einment agencies, or educational in-
placc.
Faculty Notice
Ticket.s for the convocation to be held Thur.sday, March 4, at which H. Kettering, vice-presi-dent of General Motors will be the speaker, must be obtained liy ftlonday, March 1 from tlie oflice of the President of tlie University. There is no charge for tickots. —HOCKEMA
stitutions. Supervised field work expel lence suiiplements clas.s room instiuction. For further information call Placement Service for Women, 2955.
Buy Wat Bonds And Stamps
TODAY and TOMORROW FIRST RUN HIT
^^Jf^^WITHHUWMOUJHOIKlPWNCE * HOPE BUtCKWOOR
' i4
ThMay, March B,^194S tifte ^ < )iki -ifc ^ <k * *>’^ Ai
BotlerniOKer ^pQrls ^ V V' <■> f-^ V . KV t t N
i(|ii||te
Boilermaker Trackmen Lose To mini team 83-20 The Boilermaker track team suffered an 83-20 defeat by plinois at Champaign last Saturday. The ever-faithful mile relay team of Bancker, Young, Farnsworth and Archer, which has been defeated but once this season, came through and took the only first place acquired by the Riveter squad during the
afternoon.
Other Riveter men who placed are: Calhoun, second in the shot put; Newman, tied for second in the pole vault; patuck, Entson and Joidan Bancker, third in both the 60 The Summary yard dash and the 440 yard The results of both’meets aie as dash; Barnes, second in the 70 follows
Michigan, OSU Loom As 'Teams To Beat' In Week End Swim Aleef
Captain A!
yard high hurdles. Archer, second in the 440 yaid dash, Ashwell, thud in the two mile lun, and Kinder, thud in the 880 yard dash Matter Stars Foi Illini Heib Mattel, Illini junioi, took individual honors foi his team He won firsts in the high jump, broad jump, pole vault and 60 yard dash, was second in the low huidlbs and thud in the shot put The Boilermaker freshmen who accompanied the varsity squad on the tup, defeated the Illinois year lings 47 to 36 Dwight Eddlenian of freshman basketball fame leaped 6 ft, 4% in m the high jump to top even the varsity contenders BojinofF Leads Freshmen Mike Bojmoff, outstanding Rivet er freshman peifoimti, raced to three firsts to stai for his team for the afternoon He was fust in the 60 yard dash, the 70 yard low hui dies, and the 70 yard high huidles
Shot Put—Won by Mail, Illinois, Calhoun, Purdue, second, Mattel, Illinois, third Distance, 56 ft, 1 in Mile Run—Won by Serb, Illinois, Drnn, Illiiioi.j, second. Gladding, Illinois, thud Time, 4 18 9 Pole Vault—Won by Matter, Illinois, Newman, Purdue, and Crane, Illinois, tied for second Height,
12 ft, 6 in 4
Freshman Mile Run—Won by Brenneman, Illinois, Timmerhaus, Illinois second, Williams, Purdue,
thud Tune, 4 42 7
60 Yard Dash—Won by Matter Illinois, Greanias, Illinois, second, Banckei, Purdue, thud lime, 06 6 Freshman 60 Yard Dash—Won In Bojmoff, Purdue, Harvey, Purdue, second, Vranek, Illinois, thud
Tune, 06 7 ^
Freshman Shot Put—Won by Su ciu Purdue, Her/og, Illinois, sec Olid Distance, 43 ft, 4Vi in 70 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Crane Illinois, Baines, Purdue, see
Suciu won the shot put with a heave ond, Abbot, Illinois, thud Time,
of 43 feet, 414 inches and the mile relay team composed of Detwylei, Linblad, Capeliait and Vandamon,
also was first
Other Riveter freshmen who placed for then squad were Wil lianis, Harvey, Smith, Blum, Kil
09 3 410 Yard Dash—Won by Kelley, Illinois, Archer, Purdue, second, Banckei, Purdue thud Tune, 517 Freshman 880 Yard Run—Won bj Belle Illinois, Eiicson Puidue (bee TRACK, page 4)
HI-PEHSiTY LE^i .... is the basis of pencil tracings for clear, sharp blueprinting—a very special qqalily of Eberhard Faber MICROTOMIC "VAN DYKE" drawing pencils which should command preference for their use on school work as it does among engineers and professional draftsmen. WITH MKROTOMIC100-18 DEGREES-AND 8 DEGREES WITH CHISEL POINT LEADS EBERHARD FABER Jlaa<letihl]fj in riNE writing materials since 1849
THE FOOD IS THE Sti&L AND so ARE THE FRIENDS YOU MAKE IN CAFETERIA COFFEE SHOP CHESTNUT ROOM JM. TybrnifdoL IAiuml The Coiner of the Campus— Yet the Centei of Activities
Champs For Second Straight' Year By the time you read this paper, Illinois will have been olhcially de dared the Big Ten champion for the second straight year lhat is unless Phillip and Co all suddenly come down with the measles ot get dratted before game time It has probably been a long time since the Conference has had a greater, more powerful championship team than the brilliant almost super human Illini outfit One of our biggest regrets is that we had no chance to see Doug Mills’ club m action this yeai It would) be a pleasure to watch this team even if they were playing and
possibly beating us
► Only Eighf- Point's For Vance Imagine, if jou can, a team scoiing 84 points against a much better than average squad which had been pointing and constantly preparing for this game since midseason—a team which earlier in the year defeated the world famous, star studded Great Lakes quintet We were wondering after seeing the box score if Gene Vance would get to start in the Chicago game last night The poor fellow scored only eight points
against Northwestern
^ Possibly A Post Season Game Those Indiana l&lloweis who think that Branch McCracken’s Hoosieis could stay on the same floor with the Hlini may possibly get then chance to “ee just how tough the champs arc in another week or two Following a challenge issued by the Indiana alumni two days ago, Maj Griffith, Western Conteience Commissioner, stated that the final say so will be left to the taculty committee but that there was a strong chance that a pc-t season game between the two teams could be arranged The game, aecoidng to the challenge, would be played on a neutral floor and the receipts would go to the Army and Navy Reliet Fund There is no doubt that this game would be a natural ^ Frank Jean Of Hanover If >011 have been following the individual race for scoiing honors rn the state you undoubtedly have come across the name of Frank Jean of Hanover Jean wound up an amazing season Saturday night by scoring 39 points after being m a siek bed for several days This gave him a total ot 404 in only 15 games lor an average of 27 points per contest Plven inoic amazing is the fact that he has dropped in 233 markers in his last SIX games lor a maik of 40 points per game Man' That s shootin
Riveter Grapplers Mat Crown k\
Defend Big Ten Salyrday
Havin^ completed then dual meet competition witli a leeoid of one victory agrin t thiee dcreats the Boilermakoi m itmcn will Ire called upon to deiend then Big Icn grappling title this week ciul a' Noithwcstoin Although the Iviveteis completed last seasons confcience touine> with lour champions McDonald 1 itdiieks, Matovina, and Ruggieii oiilj. CO eiptain I lank Ruggieii will be avail ible to defend his title Ruggieii who IS undoteated in dual meet competition again this season IS expected to sueeessiully defend his crown Champs In Sciriee All of the other champions are now in the aimed loices Casey Fiediieks last jiai’-, captain wis giaduated and is naW in the Maiinos Mickey McDonald who >von the 121 pound title in his soph omoie yeai is now a midshipman at Annapolis Maik Matovina the 136 irouiid champion started the season with two victories befoic
he was inducted into the umy about two weeks ai o ( oaeh Claude Rceek has not >ct selected 1 is team lor the touina ment but will hold ti>outs tonu hi to decide who will iepir--ent the Boilcinnkeis Senior \\aiien Fvis ton wlio IS oim ol the most im pio\cd men on the squad thm st i son IS gi\en an excellent ehancr tor the 175 pound title Davis Lndefeated Co cajrl.un Volmai D ivis is un defeated in his foui times out in the 165 division th^s season and lus liken all Conference eomjietition in stride As an inexpciieneed wiestlcr Davis did not taie so well as his teammates in the touinameiit com petition last year but this >eai Volmai is given i bettei thin even chance to cop the title In the only othei weight lii whieli the Riveteis aie given much chance of taking the title Coach Reeck is expected to send Dami> Nette (See GR-YPPLERS page !)
ASH THS
KRtiM SHINH
flTIN®
‘ There must be something special about a 5{. soft drink, when men overseas write home or bting back tales about it That bottle and the familiar trade mark Coca-Cola remind them of home The delicious taste and refieshment of Coke bring a lefreshmg moment on the sunny side of things Enjoy it youi self ’
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO
6th and Salem Sts
Lafayette, Ind
Menke completed a colorful season last night against the powerful Hoosieis Al was a consistent high scorer all season and led the team nr both scoring and shooting averages WGN Releases New Shooting Percentages Editor b Note This set ot figures IS kept by the WGN spoitb depart ment as a possible tuithei stun ulant to Western Conteience has kctball and tor whatever use the> may be to coaches in further analyzing the play ot then teams These h;5Uies include games of lei) 22 ind aie based on players 111 in_, at leisL 15 shots in Big Ten eompetiti an FG ATT Avg
390 364 369 339 j29 u21 322 322 320 312 310 301 297 283 277 275 271 265 264 264 262 262 257 256 254 218 248 244 24 s 212 2 37 236 253 235 235
ai med ioiees All Star rgam (leidin., shooting aveiage toi each position) For waids Planiilton (Indiaiiti,) )61 Phillip (Illinois) o59 Centei Wil lianis (Indiana) 390 (maids Rehm (Wisconsin) s jO Ellm in (Chicago) 329 New totder-arm f Cream Deoderant safely Stops Perspiration If,
\\ illi rms 111 u 111 1
d3
1j6
H in iltoi In li in i
59
162
Philli] lUinoi
S8
245
Pc lull 3v iscoiiim
20
59
I 'Im in C hie .,0
2(j
79
L n 1 n 11 i 11
IS
J IS
P Uuci son 0 is
8
118
A Mcnlc Put me
)8
118
Ndsoi ''iinncsoti
21
75
(,i ih in N L
59
189
L\el Mil lie ut i
27
87
Mendliiul N L
lo
118
Sullivan, Wisconsin
16
156
Mithisen Ilhnoi
51
180
I 1 lend Puidue
IS
65
Chipmii Iowa
12
153
Votiiek N U
jO
129
Hasse N U
27
102
YaricG Illinois
29
110
Lau'cnbach Mis
29
110
I lie N U
>2
122
bmil j Illinois
y >
126
Ruliffson Minn
26
101
Dug-,ei Ohio Stite
22
86
0 Buell Iowa
2J
114
Sw inson Indiana
oG
115
Stiack YIielii-,an
125
MtGimiis Indiana
11
45
Tiickev low i
51
230
Tiabitz Ohio State
16
66
Ehlci s Puidie
10
169
Whittenbi ikei Ind
17
72
Geeovvets OSU
20
85
Kotz Wisconsin
52
221
K Menke Illinois
27
115
Withdiawn fiom
sthool to
Does nc c rot dresses or men s shins Dors nor nr tatr skin IsowJiti iL,to Irs C nlc iset nxhr atirr si a\ ni, Instandi sro| sj cr i ir t oi for 1 10 j I \ 5 Prt rats Ji r A 1 ire I ire t;reiselcss SI less 1 1 1 ij cm 11 A \ u Ir 1 Aj I \ d beil of Al rr c 11 si lute t I Ji n Irr 1 11 r r I tin ' nikss to flic
ijv IOC uiU irs j| 'lEElB
Evanston, 111, Mar 1—The greatest assault on Big 'J'en swimming lecords m history is m prospect at the annual conference championships to be held at Northwestern Univer-
sity, Maich 5 and 6
Michigan and Ohio State’s power-laden .squads which between them have bettered five marks and endangered a sixth in I dual meets this season are ex-
pected to provide the major share of the record smashing Not only will these two teams lead the attack on the records but they also figure to collect
a major share of the points
Members of the two teams have turned in the best times in every event duiing the season and it is a loicgone conclusion that the fight toi the title rests between Matt Manns Wolverines and Mike Pep-
pe’s Buckeyes
Events On Program This year s meet will follow the piogiam of the national collegiate championships in which finals zn five events will be held Friday and the lemainmg four events Saturday The Friday program includes the 50 and 220 yard free style, the 150 yard back stroke, fancy diving, and 300 yaid medlev Finals in the 100 and 440 yard free style, the 200 yard breast stroke, and 400 yard free style relay will be held Saturday Freshman competition will also be held in the 300 yard medley relay and the 400 yard free style relay The fact that Michigan defeated Ohio State in two dual meets this season does not necessarily mean that the Wolverines will run off with the championship The teams ai*e so evenly matched that a few points either way may decide the issue In then first encounter Michigan upset the Buckeyes, 52 to 38, but m the '-econd meet the score was. much closer, the Wolverines gaining a 431/, to 40*2 edge Five Records Bettered In both meets five conference recoids were bettered, three by Michigan and two by Ohio State The Wolverines lowered the standards tor the 150 yard back stroke, the 300 yard medley relay, and the 400 vard free style relay Ohio State swimmers have bettered the existing marks for the 220 yard free style and the 200 yard breast stroke Both oi Ohio State’s record performances were turned in by sophomores Keo Nakama of Hawaii nosed out Michigan’s Capt Johntiy Patten in the 220 yard free style in 2 12 7, bettering the conference mark of 2 13 6 Another Buckeye sophomore Jim Counsilman, won the 200 yard breast stroke in 2 22 1 to bettei the 2 23 9 record set by Jack Kasley of Michigan in 1936 W olvenne Record Breakers Harry Holiday, Michigan s bnl liant sophomore back stioker, has his eye set on smashing the 150 yard back stroke record -fti the recent Ohio State meet he swam the distance m 1 33 3 bettering the conference mark by 3 5 seconds The Wolverines 300 yard medley and 400 vard free style relays have consistently sw um under the existing con-
teience records
In addition to then superiority in the above five events, both teams have outstanding performers in the remaining four events on the pro gram (rr the fancy diving Ohio State boasts such stars as Miller Anderson, National A A U champion and Frank Dempsey defending conference and national collegi-
ate champion
With such an array of talent, the two teams are expected to have little difficulty m dominating the field Elroy Heidke Purdue’s breast stroke star, looms as a contender rn the 200 yard breast stroke, while Ernie Vogel Indiana sophomore unbeaten in the 50 and 100 yard free style, IS a threat in both of these events Northwestern’s two divers Howie Jaynp and Ronnie Tmmble, h ive finished one-two rn all of then meets this season, while Bob Acker ot Minnesota figures as a contender in the eiawl events
PE 12 Student May Cop World Title At Relays
I By Russ Lipes
Anothei feature event to add to the list of attiactions to be pie sented in the Puidue Relays has been conceived by the feitile mind of relays oiiginator Hermon Phil hps This latest brainchild is to be called a “wall scaling coijtest ’ and should certainly pi ovule a lot of thrills and excitement tor the
Cl owd
To help alleviate wondering minds, heie aie the details of this new event In the first place the contest will be open to all students at the University particulaily those in PE 12 The object of it, as one might leadily reason, is to see what man can scale the highest vertical wall Preliminary Trials Preliminary eliminationb will be held duiing legulai PE classes for those desiiing to enter although entrance will not be compulsory Ybout a half dozen of the best per ioimeis will be selected to lionipete in the final round the day of the
Rolajs
/Coach Phillips with a fiendish .,linL in hib eyes explained that a special wall is being constructed for the final round such that when a nr in has succeeded in scaling the top the wall may be raised to a new level Ys far as we know the sky IS the limit but anyone going over a certain height to be determined at i latei date is required to wear a pai rchute C bailee For W orld Reeoi d Heies something else to eon sidei To everyone’s knowledge there is no established lecoid foi a feat ot this kind so Coach Phil lips is tiyiig to arrange that the winner of the contest will hold the WORLD RECORD as a wall sealer That is really something to shoot for A word of caution before under taking to piaetice for tins chance at lame and fortune (as well as the World Record), to date nobody has agreed to insure against bruises and injuries so for $xzfig' sake use a little caution when you get up too
high
Swordsmen Foiled By Irish Fencers For the second time this season the Boilermaker fenceis went down to defeat before the Irish duelers of Notre Dame as the four man squad lobi a 12 5 decision in South Bend last Saturday As in past meets Captain Aaion Kaufman was the main point getter for the Riveters winning his two epee matches, one sabie and one loll match Bob Bryant was the only other Boileiiiiakei to register a victoiv as he defeated Stiattei in i foil bout Luck was running against Fred Rosen when he diopped toil matches to Repelado and W itucki both bv r 5 4 score M itiieki Silha Star On the Notie Dame side ot the ledgei Witucki and Silha weie out standing each being the victor in three foil matches Because both teams have sufferotl the loss of men to the armed forces the meet was reduced from twenty seven matches to seventeen The summaiv loll Repelado (ND) 5 Rosen (P) 1 Witucki (ND) 5 Biyant (P) j Silh i (ND) 5 Kaufman (P) 2 Witucki 6 Rosen 4 Silha 5 Biyant 2 Repelado 2 Kaufman 5 Silha 5 Rosen J Stiattei (ND) 5 Biv rnt 6 ind \\ itutki 5 Kauf man ) S ibi e K lufman (P) o Ponev (ND) t blevin (ND) o Rosen (P) Slev in 5 Kaufman ' Ronev 5 Rosen 2 Ipet Ralev (ND) j Shrader tP) 1 Kiii+man (PI > Walteis (ND) 2 W rite s , Shi ulei 1 ami Kaut mm R ilev 1 Notice U inisons intritsted lu trv in out foi the Golt team aie skid to nuet Coaih (.llspavv in looni 201 ot the 1 leldhouse from 1 to 6 on Ihiiisdav atteinoon Mai eh I Freshmen aie eligible mil in mgid to uport — I! Ill s MUp vw
IM Schedules V OLLEY BALL Fuesdav March 2 7 00—Aeaeta Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha lau Omega Beta Sigma Psi, Delta Chi Delta Tau Delta Delta Upsilon Kappi Delta Rho Kappa Sig lira Phi Delta Theta Phr Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Psi, Sit,ma Phi Epsilon Triangle, Phi Sigma Kappa Tau Epsilon Phi, Beta Theta Pi Unless your teams lepoit as scheduled for Tuejaday evening they will be unable to enter the tournament B VSKh rii VLC—C VR\ hall \\ ednesdav Marth 3 touit )—H Pilaiski S Rxidasies Unit 2 vs Umt 6 , 1 he hnals in Caty Hall basfest,' I ill will be played Fudav evening 11 t ui L 1 u 7 tU)iHkey Speaks Lt. Melvin Taube Freshmen
(|i 'Deeper $ducation
Now On Dufy In Receive New Pre-Flight School Activity Rules
Tlreie aie two kinds of education, acwr'ding to Dean Chailes W Gil key who spoke ht the Religious Convocation Sunday in the Hall of Mi|Sic, “The Higher Education and the Deeepei Giaduation President Edwaid C Elliott introduced the speakei saj^ing that “tn these times, it is fit that we should stop and take count of the i({eals foi which men aie now living, saciificing and dying” Dean Gilke\ took as his text, a letter fiom a friend of the Russian WTitei Terganief and the wuitei’s 1 eplv In the lettei Terganief’s friend said that to put oneself second IS the whole pioblem of life Terganief leplied that to find what to put befoie oneself in the fiist place, IS the whole pioblem of life Two Distinct Phases These two pioblems said, Gilkey, illustrate the tw'o stages in the deeper educ<ltion He indicated that institutions of learning weie in slrUmental in giving people good foundations in the highei learning but that one cannot take it foi granted that an authoiity in the high education is necessaiily well versed in the deeper education In claiifying the two stages of the deeepei education Dean Gilkey lead a statement by the foimer Atehbishop of Canteibuiy saying that a child IS born with the con cfept that he is the centei of the univei'se as far as he is tonceined and that that is his onginal sin lie can do nothing about it except to attempt an escape fiom this pOiht of \ lew If successful he has effected his own convei sion and has passed the test foi the fiist stage of tke deepei education In discussing the second stage, that of trying to find what to put before oneself Dean Gilkey gave ndifieious examples His definition of the deepei education was that it is a clarification of the ends of life to which all knowledge may be ditected in oidei that one might dihjct his life foi the fullest and deepest living In closing Gilkej ga\e an indica tion of how this can be applied to qrte’s wav ot life “Seek've fiist the Kingdom of God and His iighteous nfess and all these things shall be added unto \ou
Track
(Continued fiom page 3) sifrdond, Schioedei, Illinois, thud T-ime, 1 57 5 Fieshman 70 Yaid High Huidles —Won by BoiinofF, Puidue, Bekerifteipi, Illinois, second. Smith, Puidute, thud Time, 09 6 kigh Jump—Won bv Mattel, Illinois, Cianc, Illinois, second, Chiistlaiison, Illinois, thud Height, 6 ft, ‘2% in Two Mile Run—Won by Gladding, Jllihois, Dunn Illinois, second, AshVtcil, Puidue thud Time, 9 47 4 880 Yaid Dash—Won by Seib, Illinois, Kellej, Illinois second, Kindei, Purdue, thud Time, 2 00 1 Freshman High Jump—Won by Eddkman, Illinois, Blum, Pufdue, hnd Kilpatrick Purdue tied foi second. Height, 6 ft, 47(i in iO Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Abbot, Illinois, Mattel Illinois, second, Crane Illinois, thud Time,
08 3
Fieshman 70 Yaid Low Huidles —\^on bj Bojinotf, Puidue, Bekeiitttiei Illinois second. Smith, Puidue, thud Time, 08 5 Mile Relaj—Won by Puidue (Kanckei Young Fainswoith and \ichei) Time, 3 30 4 f'tehhmdn Mile Relai—Won bi Purdue (Detw^lel Linblad, Capeliart, Vandamon) Time, 3 35 0 bipad Jump—Won b\ Mattel Illi noj*i, Cianc, Illinois second Dis m^ee, 28 It 10 4 m ' Frbshman Bioad Jump—Won b> B^ditman Illinois Joidan Puidue siglC^nd, Edwaids Illinois thud bwttitice 22 ft 4> in nynn Signs WRH Register All v\as calm and jicacciul in South Hall a-, the coeds finalh quieted down ioi the night the student staff menibci on dut\ was thecking o\ei Sunda\ s official AWS sign out sheets to make siiic that all the giils weic salch tucked m bed As she came to the last slice t she sighed with pleasuie to fhinl that she soon would join them But hpi sleep was destined to be tioubled, loi theit on the next to the last sheet wcic the lollowing wolds “10 05 hiiolPhnn upsUiis all night' Pi antic investigations (n^ued but no oik was able to aseeitain whethei Mi Flynn had been theie oi was theie Needless to sa\ the* inciiminatin„ woids weic Clawed fiom the official lecoid
Lieut Melvin H Taube, U S N R, foimei assistant football and basketball coach at the Univeisity, IS now on duty at the U S Navy Pie Flight School at Athens, Ga Aftei indoctiination training at the V 5 Instructois School, Chapel Hill, N C , Lieut Taube lepoited at the pie flight school to give physical tiaining to aviation cadets in prepaiation foi combat duty Mon Honors In Seieral Sports Taube attended Eastern High School in Detioit Mich , and latei attended the Unueisity, giaduating in 1926 MHiile a student heie he won nine xaisity letteis in football, baseball and basketball He was captain of the baseball team and acting football captain Foi two yeais following his giaduation he coached fieshman athletics at the Univeisity and played minoi league piofessional baseball Aftei thiee yeais as athletic diiectoi and coach at Mai ion High School, he went to Massachusetts State College at Amheist, Mass , as head coach of football, basketball and baseball fiom 1931 to 1936 He had undefeated eouit teams in 1934 and 1935 Backfield Coach Heie Fiom 1936 until his entiance into the Navy eaik this yeai, “Mel”, as he was known heie, was back field coach and assistant basketball tutoi at the Univeisity Some of his most famous giid pupils weie Lou Block and Cecil Isbell, now with the Gieen Ba\ Packeis, and Johnny Diake ot the Cleveland Rams Ticket Sales For Play shop Begin Today Todaj the box office tickets foi “Aisenic and Old Lace ’ go on sale in the Eliza Powlei Hall Maich 10 will see the opening of the thud leguldi pioduction of the Playshop foi this leai, and the plaj will con tinue thiough Maich 1j Ross Smith Is Directoi Ross A Smith is diiecting this luoduction He is the associate di 1 ectoi of the Play shop Di H Kenn (aimichael is staging the play ‘ Aiseiiic and Old Lace ’ was wiit ' ten by J 0 Kesseli ing w ho has levelly piesented a stoiy ot two lovable aunts who aie poitiayed by Becky Ann Pei vine and Lois Jane Vaughn but in leality have poisoned twelve gentlemen and add the thiiteenth in the couise of the
pi ly
Jack Seal ft iilays the pait ol Jonathan Biewstei who his twelve bodies to his own ciedit Then in sane biothei, feddy imagines he IS Teddy Roosevelt and buiies the bodies in the cellai undei the pie tense of digging the Panama Canal Haiold Waiien plays the pait of this biothei PJIaine Haipci played by Bai b<»ia Noid and Moitimei Bicwstei played bv John Claik aie the lomantic mteiest in the comic my s teiy John Patteison poitiays Di Einstein in the pioduction Ihe othei suppoiting membcis ol the cast ai e as follow s Di Haipoi Jim 'iing'-t, Officci OTIaia, Aithui Baiab Officeis Biophv and Klein Justin Mcacham and Chailes Gieen hill It Rooney ‘scymotc (jiccn vv lid and Mi Witheispoon Bill Bachcldci Glee Club To Salute ini Today At 3:15
\1 Stcwail and the Univeisity (ilcc Club will be tcituied in i siicci il tiaiistiihed salute to the Univeisily ot Illinois which will be bioadcast ovci station WILL 580 kc today at i 35 p in Piitol this ti ansci iption will be devoted to a message of „icetin^ bv Iiank Hockeina Assist int to the Piesi dent This tt'k will lommemoiatc the 7jth annivci‘-ii\ of the Uni veisitv of Illinois The salute to the Univeisity ol Illinois iKo picscnts i diamatic stoiv of the fii si educ itional bioad easting system between WIIL and WBAA dm in flu eailv days of
I adio
A spiel il WBAA e isi imdei the diieetion of Mi (. I) Williams in I ( the ti ansi i i|)ti m Junior Managers foi till loifheoming lootball s( isoii wile (luted leeenlly by the PuidiK Athhtie Assoeiation The ininagiis will hi Raymond R in do)))h Phi (lanima IJilta <ind Dak Butili Mpli i lau Onu g 1 flu al fiinatis (l((t(d w(ie Melvin Hoi n stem iiid Jin Stiveis Phi Ui It i
I In t I
Recent withdiawal of such laige numbeis of students fiom the Univeisitv has caused a leconsideiation of participation in extia cuiiiculai activities fot fiist teim fieshmen The following plan will be in effect foi this teim only Aftei delinquent slips have been issued, any fiist teim fieshman is eligible to paiticipate in extiacuiiictilai activities Howevei, the following must be consideied Requirements 1 Y or Z delinquency slips or any X slips in moie than six hours must not have been received during the present term 2 Work must be restricted to two or less activities 3 Work on activity must be between 8am and 6pm 1 Written permission fiom the Student Health Sen ice unless qual ified with an “A” or “B” grade on the physical exam is necessary (Exceptions to iiile made with pel mission of Chau man of Committee on Cooidination of Extia cuiiiculai Activities) Deans Pinal \uthonty Fust teim fieshman paiticipa tion will not count tow aid a sopho moic, junioi oi senioi position The Dean of Men and Women will have final authoiity on questions legaid ing student eligibility' Each of the activities should submit to the Di 1 ectoi of the Activities Buieau by Maich 6 a complete list ot then fust tcini woikeis ASME Will Sponsor Contest For Sty dents At Northwestern In its eftoit to ))iomote Hide pendent woik by engineeiing stu dents the Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineeis has aiianged an annual contest at which students piesent papeis on a technical oi non technical subiect Foi this cont-st the engineeiing colleges ot the countiv have been divided into eighteen gioups and Univeisity students will be in com petition with students fiom engi nceiing colleges in Indiana, Illinois Kentucky Iowa and Wisconsin E ich collc.,e ASMF chiptoi sends one delegate to the contest which will be hold at Noithwcstein Although the exact date loi the contest has not yet been announced the pieliminai les in which the Uni veisity delegate will be chosen is to be held some time dining this
month
Prizes lo Be Vw aided Pii/es aic to be 'jiio 00 fust pii/c 'll 15 00 second piize $10 00, thud pi ize, and an additional awaid of $5 00 given bv the Old (riiai d to be given at the discietion of the judge To qualify foi the contest a student must be a iiiembei of the student chaptei and must bo eithei an undeigiaduate oi a Decembci 42, giaduate of the Univeisity Students may adapt the papci they aie vviitm„ foi the Iincoln Aic Welding Company but the an thoishij) must be single and the jiapci will be piLsentcd extern poi incoLisly Iiom notes 1 hei c is a time limit of 15 minutes and a lantein will be ivailablc JiuUnig will be based on dehvciy and et Icctivcness ji i o nn n c i a 11 o n and enunciation tinini-, mateiial and it's ai 1 angement oiigmality and in dependence and acquaintance with subject Judges will be ASME mem bcis not connected with the Uni
eisity
ASMF will jiay the dcle,^atc’s mileage, ind the piogiam includes visits to Evanston jilants a ban quet, and a dance
Notices
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day prec^dinsr the issue. Met Students MetallurRical iLngincennK students in the Enlisted Reserve Coips who n ive not reported lo Room B 7 Armory lo iccord the fact that they are Metallurgical
Engineers should report at once
—ROBINSON
All Women Students The St Tjouis Girl
Scout Council lb in need of girlb to work in their camp this summei Jobs available are unit lender assistant unit leader and water front director Any one inteiested should
telephone or come in to the Placement Seiv ice for Women (2065) immediately
- FELDT
Camera Club Meeting Weanesday March 0 in room 363 of the Union it 7 30 p m Prof Hawkins will speak oti infra red pho togiaphv and lules ioi spiing salon will be announced —STOCKMAN Tau Beta Pi Business mioting Tuesday March 2 at 7 30 p m in loom 330 of the Union Election 1o icplac( lost recording secretaiy Discussion of how to save some money • SEDDON Dolphin Club Imioilant meeting Tucs dav night Maich 2 it i 15 p m in room 101 of the luldhoiist SMITH
Lutheran Studenta Devotionol meet^rfg next Sunday evening m the union, rop^ 307 at 7 80 Guest speaker will he Jt-. C B Hnrrv head of the Lutheran Studfenw of America Everyone is * Public Invited 105 mm DistinRuishyid Howitzei Competition PurdUe Armoiy at 8pm Wednesday evcnini? March 3 Ihc^b e.e nm. competmK _robINSON Undergraduate Dames loimnl initiaE^n dinner at the Embassy at 7 p m TuesdAy I nil attendance is -xpect^d^^^^^j^^^^ Ivappa Delta Pi PledumB will he hold Tlluirsday niaht March 4 at 8 in rijom ZOo of the Union Lveryone is ‘xp^ted to attend —JOHNSON Kobertson s Lecture Fifth in a series of lectuies on the subject A Celebrated Experiment Which Failed and the Wonderful Kcmilts That Came 1 rom It will bo given by Di C n Robirlson next Friday evening at 7 in room 155 of tlu Union ^eryono IS invited to altind ROBBHTSON (tumr ^wATEBBURy'’" Scabbard and Blade Meeting for all activis Wednesday at " 16 p m in room 86a of the Union Slioit meeting about Run Stuff Out in time for howitzer srfiuad competition
HECKARD
Scabbard and Blade Shut business meet mg Wtdncsd iv M'lrch 3 at 7 lo Tlu room in the Union •\mI1 bo annauncod in Thurs day s Exponent Ruff nitht coming up soon woin
HECKARD
, CM CaOO I
Tuesday, March 2
4 00 P M
PIA Tea Dance
Rooms o55 JOo, Union
6 lO P M
Lions (''lub Basketball Banquet
So Balh 00111 Union
() 30 P M
Ruial Wai Pioduction Gioup
Asbembly Rm Ag Hall
7 00 P M
Ceies Meeting
Room 212, Union
7 30 P M
County H E Icaeheis
Room 261, Union
7 30 P M
Undei giaduate Dames
Room 263, Union
7 vO P M
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting
Room 307, Union
7 30 P M
t hiistian Science
Room 302 Union
Wednesday, March 3
7 10 P M
Silvei Mask
Room 102 Union
7 iOPM
Intel VaisityChiib Ftllovvbhip
Room 307 Union
7 30 P M
Manage Coiust
W Faculty Lge Union
7 30 P M
A I Ch E Meeting
Lcet Rm , Physics Bldg
7 30 P M
Tippecanoe Co Bettoi Homeb
Let till e Rm EE Bldg
Harris Will Speak SI oat To Address
J C Hams icsgaich applKcition themisl of the Monsanto Chtniit il Co Dav ton Ohio will addicss the nienibeis ol the Univeisity Section ot the Ameiican Chemical Society on Maich 8 at 4 p m m loom 106 ol the Chemistiy Bnihiinr Hniiis will t ilk on Uctcigcncy—Its Ap plication and Evahiaticn In his addic-is Huns will deal with picscnt day dclci gents uul vv itli icccnt developments in the field ot synthetic wetting agents and detoigents Ihe speakei will I'so discuss field ajiplicatioiis ind vdiious methods loi liboiatoiy evaluation The lectine will bo illus Gated with slides Follow ing the Icctuic, II ii iis w ill bo the guest ol honoi at the Chem ical Society dmnti to be hclu in the
Union
Nunley To Speak On Point Rationing Point R ition ng will Ik the sub jeet of a t ilk to be ,.,ivtn In Bunh \unlcy fidd icpic^cntati'i ot the OPVfiomIndi nijiolis siKa'in^in he fee Line loom oi Gic I L building Mcdnisday cvcnin., it 7 )() Ibc 1 ijiljit inoc Countv unit of Bcttci Homes in Amei le i is sjioi soiin., the jiiogiam Ml Nimlcy will outline tl c meih od ol usin., blue stimps loi Wai R ition Book No 2 m buy in,., canned and pieces ed vegetables ind liuits Student facility mtmbeis and then families aie invitid to attend Ihn meeting
Grapplers
DR DR DR
PAUL A RISK LUTHER A RISK HAROLD J RICK
— DENTISTS —
400 404 Schultz Bldg 4fh and Mam Sts Phone 5701
V
PINCH HITTING to provide more woolens for the armed forces*
To make your clodies "go farther” have them Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quantities of wool
goods are needed in the military sei
service.
Crown Laundry
FIISF. DRY CLE IMNC
Advance Military Students Regular meeting (if rOMM will be held «3 smoker Thun,(lay March 1 in r(,om 35) of the Union at 7 to P m All (dvunced M T students are invited to itund Uniform^ nwd^not^bo
‘^Confidentially, I think the war will last a while—a ‘dollar a year’ friend ot mine lust got a ten dollai advance in salary ”
PAC I nsignm bcaid meeting Tuosd'i\ Marcli I at \ p m in Mickey s office f JACKSON All Students Anyoiu intcti‘'t(d in %\oik mg on tlu btage piopcrtics make up light cffocts or coBtumc cicws foi Aiscnic ind Old Lacc sign th sheet on the biilktin board opposit* the ticket offuo m Fowh i Hall immediateb —LESTFU All Students Anyone wishing t) ^^olk on the properties eiew 1 Ji Aisenic and Old I act leport to the Playship offut in 1 owici Hall it i p m Mond n March I
11 Sibil
Military Students \ gre up oi toui itois movie film on the subicct Identification of I riendly Airci ift togethei -vsith i letl from the Abeidecn Piovmg Ground will be shown in re im 12) ef the I 1 building Wodnesdnj March it 1 i m AIlmiliLirv btudenU iie invited to ittend Ihe s ssion will lust ibout an hoiii MAILR
Activities Bureau Coed Workers Craig» Bewei Fuehs C oi er Lane Wado
Matson Hill Blow Ceinnclly GrlfTitn» Scaiff Walkei leport lo ActiviticB Bureau
cHiee Wednesday March 3 v vt Interviewing, School LYLER Mortar Board Meetini-, this afternoon at 1 0 in Exponent Olfiee —I AUER Scablnrd and Blade Kogulai Dance Cohn-
mittee ineeling luesdav March 1 in room MG of the Union it 7 p m Everyone be
1 rese nt
RAFERT
I oresters Meeting Wednesday March 3, 8 I) m Mr Pfendh i will hhow the movie Wheels Aeiuss India —WEAVER I xponcnl Workers Be it meeting Friday Much 5 at i p m in the Exponent oftuio foi the following people Sommer Yargar, Winslow Speck ind Ford —TYSON
f I
SI)\—Ifimal initiilion uom 30’ ft the Uni n at 5 i lath 2 Full ittend inee is >
1 Higgs m in rnesdaj Peeled RAI EIU
Christian Service Organi/ation R gul i meeting will be held m reom 302 el tlu Union this^ eveiiiig Much 2 it '* 0 All inteiested ne welcem bOMMI K
AWS Executive Board t 1) in the AWS
Me ting t I ighl
CORN raw Ml I
At the icgulai meeting ot the Univeisity chaptci ol AIChE m xt Wednesday cvenin.. at 7 30 in loom 103 of the PhysiLs Building Capt ( A Sloil ot tlif* rivilian I’lo tection School lieie at the Univci sit> will spevk on “Testing toi Wdi Gase Captain Slovt who is m chaige ot laboiatoiy iisti action n the Chem ical Waifaic School being condict td heie foi the CPS is a icsoive officei m the ( hemic il Yailaic
v''ciy ice
Ills kcliiu will 1)1 supp )i ted by r'cmonstiations and tests which will 1 c designed to illustiale the 'vith odox methods foi detecting the picscncc ol the many known vyai leases Lvciyone inteiested in the subject of vv u gas pioteeticn 1= m vited to attend the loctuie
April Graduates Piesident E C Elliott will meet w ith all eighth semeslei soniois Ol students who expect to leceive then degrees in Apiil at a meeting lo be held Tuesdav, March 2, at t 30 p m m room 129 of the Ulectiieal Ungmeeiing Building \I1 ot the aforementioned students aie urged to at tend the meeting as matters of vital interest such as graduation will be discussed —HOCKLMA
Classified Ads ROOVIS ARE NEEDED If voii hav( one—*-101 the students know 111 rii* Exponent Classified Ads. Call—4005 tireulalion. Typewriters Adding machines all makc9 sjld lent (i 1 painil and purchased Mlmcoluph woik dont C T Lbershoff 605 Main, I if ij eUe Flione - ”0 Money to I oan On diamonds watches, guns II ggag tjiewiiLcib Alberts Loan QlT ICO 10 C ul i nb i 1 or Rent—Iwt lo m iparlmcnt or double r m f r tw buv I* \C( n< nt location, Chtai JOl btTk Phono 2)45 I ost—K A; J III) blirit Rul( with pamo tn liowi 1 ith 1 cist Riward Al GoodI H h Inst—C I I r wiisf watch in Union Feb i iMv Utut 1 p ni Rt ward Phone Oil W H lilt Wanted—I indu stii It nLs as waiters Ex1 11 IK 11 iTKcessirv Short hours and good lav Al pis I rank Ltnihan Elks Club
STARRING IN "CHINA”
PARAMOU'NT PICTURE
(Continued fiom page 3) shcim the once beaten soiihomoie slai Daniiv Ketteshcim won his fit t ihiec eonfeiei ic matehcv with littk (hlfiiultv but lost 1 close de cision against 'M!eni,.,an State list I 1 i(hv 11k piehninuies will ,,et undei wav liiiLv ilteinoon vvilh the scmi nr il [I lined loi Fiiday ni.,ht 5011)11 will teiminile S itiu (lay illei 110(11 when the new eh im ))ions will It del mimed
You can create flattering beauty in just a few seconi^s with Max Factor Hollywood Pan Cake Make-Up... now the popular make up fashion with millions of girls and v\ omen.
$150
1
ORIGINATED BY