A ’
Si ’‘} I'i - » » -11 , n i
. 1 / T ■'1 J i>' ( a > X \ i ]<-
■MH ^ • To Give Cbudia' Thursday Panic Reigns Among Dazzling Dames, Drooping Drops, Delirious Directors By Peg Steffes Backstage at Playshop is a small but authentic sample of the zany, glamorous theatrical world; and with the production of “Claudia”, by Rose Franken, in full swinf the place is a I. i».i li ill ..^.111.1 First curtain for “Claudia” will go up at 7:30 Thursday night. On Friday, SUHicisnt time will be allowed before the play begins so that those airondihg the convo will also be able to attend the entire production of “Claudia”. Tickets for the three nights are on sale at the box office in FftVrler Rall.^ - '■ - sC,ehb of orderly confusion. Out of this turmoil of electricians, projb'men, actors, stage managers and jiggling sets will come thb Spd,rkling comedy-drama next Thursday, Friday and Saturday in Eliza Fowler Hall.’
Established 1889
xfz(UieHi W Paul’s Headache
Volume 56, No. 12
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May 25,
Registrar Names 527 Distinguished
Last Thursday night the cast was making ready to pose for publicity pictures, when this -reporter stumbled upstairs to the make-up room to watch a slap-happy cast expertly smfear on the grease paint. Actors of 'past performances have given their ego full sway while marking
Wedge, decked out like a Kussian Easter egg only with more curves than an Easter egg usually sports, cracks hack at him with equally amusing humor while they watch Director H. Kenn Carmichael put the final touches on the scene to be photographed. “We’ll have to play this for the sailors on May 30 behind a netting
Old Iron Monster 1 - Runs Once More First Tests Tried On Brake Shoe Machine Since 1933 • By Pete Georgeson Approximately three weeks ago a sleeping monster came to life—a mbnster that had lain dormant since 1933. This monster, unlike Frankensteins, was made of iron and steel for a
Evans^ Koenig^ Liss, Mirter, Truax Get Perfect Indices Naihes of those students who were distinguished last term have been released by the istrar’s office. There were a total of 527 University students with indices of 5.00 or bet^f.
their names, characters and date of of charged chicken wire,” chuckles
play in grease pencil around the min’ors. “Oh Voh Sykes” On stage, Sara “Claudia” Andrhiy, Art “David” Barab and George “Jerry Seymoure” Sykes afe posing for the cameraman. Sara, clad in an eye-straining costUhi0, is giving the look that launched a thousand ships, to scowling Art, while Sykes reclines on the divan returning her look with a haughty raised eyebrow. All is ready until Ross Smith, technical director, decides that such a scene deserves more illumination, and tacks a spot light directly behind the leading lady who turns a neat shade of red. All this to the jroaring hilarity of an interested audience composed of actors, directors and hangers-on. Carmichael Touches Up Jim Yingst, a minor character, magnifies certain more subtle features of the show with ribald jokes. Betty “Madame Daruschka”
Ross Smith when the picture is finally taken. At the instant the stage is a maze of prop men hammering fi’antically at the flimsy set; the state of mind of the cai’penters is declared by Hans. Wormser who says, “Who me? 0, I’m just helping the guy who knows what he’s doing”—meaning Jack Newmann, master carpenter. The Show Begins Stage Manager Betty Gray leans in the doorway shouting “Places, everyone!” while three electricians led by Carroll Martindell make final arrangements to synchronize lights with curtain with music. Then the stage is quiet suddenly, and the two leads take their cues for the opening of act one. “All right,” shouts Carmichael, and the place is again a confusion of pounding hammers, moving furniture and adjusting lights. Thus are the rough edges smoothed off in hours of rehearsal before the first curtain next Thursday. A last piece of advice, bring your binoculars.
Five students made perfect indices of 6.00. Quentin Evans, Leslie Koenig, Saul Liss,
garet Miner, and Ralph Truax made up this gr oup.
Other high indices were made by Betty Arth, 5.93; Robert DeCamp, 5:95; Juanita (»|rrett, 5.96; Betty Katzenberg, 5.91; John McWhorter, 5.^1;
Byron Parsons, 5.94; Walter Prange, 5.95; Thomas Wall, 595. Students who made 5.50 or better are: Victor Allwar0, 5.78; Donald Anderson, 5.51; Morton Astrahan, 5,84; Charles Baker, 5,85; Albert Barnes, 5.67; Robert Batchelor, 5.64; Patricia Bauer, 5.64 Sally Beall, 5.73; Joseph Behrle, 5.74; Myron Bender, 5.83; Lems
Bonham, 5.76; James Bray^ 5.52; Merle Bunker, 5.52; Ambrose Burger, 5.56; Jean Burnham, 5.68; Charles'Bush, 5.74; Dale Butz, 5.81; Robert Buzard, 5.74; George Byers, 6.63; Elizabeth Carlson, 6.76; John Gar-
son, 5.86;
Uriel Carter, 6.69; Milford Cheney, 6.80; John Clark, 5.62;
ed a professorship in Civil Engi- Clarence Clarke, 6.60; Harold Col-
FAOToHold Callout At 4
In Union
Fraternity affairs Office will hold a callout for workers today at 4 p. m. in the Fraternity Affairs Office, room 860 of the Union. Any freshman or sophomore member of a
fraternity, active or pledge is eligi- sity since 1937, has recently accept-
Rutledge Accepts
Professorship At Northwestern
Dr. Philip C. Rutledge, Professor of Soil Me^^hanics at the Univer-
BRAKE SHOE TESTER *
After a rest of ten years, mechanical monster awakens to disturb
peace of Heavilon Hall for three weeks. *
purpose beneficial to humanity. Official Brake Shoe Testing Machine of the Association of American Railroads, is the name
of the, monster with the pjDwer of 75 horses.
This tipie the machine had a new purpose; it was to test freight wheels of old box cars to see if they were worth sav- of tuning up the wheel to a speed of ing. A few sample wheels of lOO miles per hour and then clampjunked box cars were sent to ^ brake pressure of ten tons on
Teachers Staff Home Be Meetings Today Northern Indiana home economics teachers will meet here „
today through Thursday in a special three-day conference to the University for tests to be ^^ TL'I^ulhTtops litemlly discuss problems of food preservation and storage, as well as run on them under the direc- disintegi'ate a brake shoe. With the development of a better nutrition program for the public, tion of Professor Clark of the this pressure an 850 pound wheel Miss Hortense Hunt, state supervisor of home economics for E. department. During the past traveling at such a speed will stop the state Department of Education, will open the conference weeks, students gathered in withm 30 seconds, with a ^^i^^l]S«lion of the re- Heavilon Hall to watch this ma- -phe second part of the test is to •KTfioa f Vinmo opnnnTTi n 1 I ^ i-u rr tt • it ^^ine that threw sparks like a simulate conditions in the mounsponsiblhties of home econom- field, of the Home Economics Ex- Fourth of July display and roared tains In this test the wheel is ics teachers in the nutrition tension staff, will talk on prepara- with the noise of a hundred speed- turned over at speed corresponding
and food pre'servation pro- ^ ^ •
ble.
The FAO, which is a general clearing house for inter-fraternity business and one of the newer campus activities, has become important to the Inter-fraternity
Presidents’ Council.
To insure efficient operation, the office work has been divided into four sections: namely, rush, publicity, special events, and scholarship. Each section is assigned certain duties to perfoi’ih. The rush committee is in charge of acquainting the incoming freshmen with fraternity life while the publicity committee has the responsibility of seeing that the achievements of fratei-nity men are /given
due recognition.
The special events committee promotes the annual chess tourna-
ment and other
neering at the Technological Insti-
P. C. RUTLEDGE
tute of Northwestern University in
Evanston, Illinois.
Dr. Rutledge graduated from Harvard College in 1927 and ob-
inter-fraternity faster of Science degree
events. The scholarship committee, in 1933 returning to has charge of the fraternity files Harvard to receive a degree of Doc-
lings, 5.81; Robert Cornell, 6.80; Dorothy Cornthwaite, 6.89; John Costas, 5.79; Shirley Crawford, 5.67; Robert Currie, 5.61; Horacq Davidon, 5.78; Treva Davis, 6.6?; Cleq^nice DeKay, 6.63; Dorotli^ Doddridge, 6.62; William Dolclf,
5.61; Jack Dominik, 6.62;
Robert Durfey, 5.79; Arthur Eberhardt, 5.54; Robert Edwftr4s» 5.80; Mar gene Fawbush, 5.62'; John Fisher, 6.81; James Gildetsleeve, 5.83; Robert Gray, ^.IS; Robert Gwinn, 6.72; Kenneth Hammerle, 5.76; Robert Hansen, 6.64; Willis Harper, 5.74; Richard Hayes, 5.69; Alvin Henderson, 5.68; Eo^ ert Henley, 5.74; Harry Heir, 6.52; Norman Hime, 5.62; Ruth Hinshaw, 5.71; Gerald Hoffman, 6.60; (See DISTINGUISHED, page 4>
gram. Clarence Eyer, of the state staff, will talk on food production and the conservation program. Dried Foods Explained Methods of drying foods will bo explained by Professor S. A. Anderson of the Agricultural Engineering department; Miss Gail Red-
tion of foods for drying and canning; Dr. Gertrude Sunderland, of
the Home Economics Department, glowing metal that burnt holes in will present current canning prob- their clothing. Over 850 pounds of
lems, and Miss Marie Strazskeim, of the Extension staff, will give a
demonstration of canning.
Items to be emphasized in teaching food preservation will be chosen by Professor Muriel McFarland,
(See HOME EC, page 4)
ing tx’ains. Men worked and sweated to those of a box car going at twenand cursed the flying sparks of ty miles per hour, and a brake pres-
sure of four tons applied. With this
ice were Used daily to cool the wheels after a test had been run. ’This rapid cooling put extra stress on the wheels that they wouldn’t
get in actual operation.
The first part of the test consists
which are a constantly changing record of the pledges and actives of
all the houses.
Mudball hey there clarence a
truck driver that
picked me up while i was hitching Sunday
told me why we
have so much rain it
is because of the
war the explosions
jar the earth and
shake the clouds and swish down it comes i hope the war ends before the webs on my feet grow much
more conspicuous
mudball
tor of Science in 1939.
Dr. Rutledge has conducted extensive research on the compressibility of different types of soil for the purpose of aiding construction
of dams and highways. During his , , ^
work here at the University, he has built a complete Soil Mechanics
Kemler Appointed To Production Groitp Dr. E. N. Kemler, Professor of Mechanical Engineering, has beeh appointed a member of Sub-Com-mittee of District No, 2 Production Committee of the Petroleum Indue-
Laboratory for the school and besides this, has developed a system of value to different utilities in regard to outdoor sign anchors.
formation received in the mechanical office. }■ The committee has been assigi^edto studying the design of oil weli pumping units with a view to af*
Dr. Rutledge is a member of the ^ reductions in the amount of
American Society of Civil Engi- required.
Galileo Dusts Lamps ... Lanezos Outlines History Of Science Since Bacon
pressure applied, the wheel is kept at the same speed it was revolving before brake pressure was put on. All this has the same effect as a train going downgrade with brakes
on to slow the speed. Monster’s Last Roar
On Thursday of last week a
strange quiet broke over Heavilon is„ , - Hall; the tests were over; the mon- *- i »- ster was quiet. The machine that /jOfTIC tC jAt iTOnt . . «
has occupied a coiner of Heavilon Hall since 1898 was still once more; it had come alive for the short span of thi'ee weeks and now had returned to its slumber, its job well done.
neers and has had charge of several different committees. When the National Conference on Soil Mechanics met here in 1940, Dr. Rutledge was in charge of it; he has published a 500 word report on the subject of Soil Mechanics while a member
of the University staff.
Notice There will be an Exponent electoral board meeting this afternoon at 4 in the conference room of the Agriculture Expert^ ment Station. BOSWINKLE
Could Be
By Mary Ruth Erb Science serves life and death impartially. The two most implacable enemies, the spirit of life and thb spirit of death, both turn to science for help and rescue. “And each one gets what he wants,” remarked Dr. Cornelius Lanezos, of the Aeronautical Research staff, in a lecent interview. Science, says Dr. Lanezos, dates back to the thirteenth century when Roger Bacon, a Franciscan monk, dared to defy society and religion by delving into the mysteries of nature. In his closed laboratory, he experimented with mirrors and lenses. Today, even high school students have Fetter equipment than he, yet he was considered the practitioner of an unholy science. He was eventually accused of black magic and imprisoned. When he was released, he was a mental and physical wreck. On his deathbed, he regi’etted his insatiable quest for knowledge,' because it had caused him so much misery and suft'eiing. Dusted Lamps Galileo, the great physicist of the next century, dusted the huge can-
delabra of the cathedral of Pisa as a boy and watched the big lamp swinging back and forth. Then he observed that the smaller lamps which hung from the brim of the large one, swung much faster. He was convinced that there must be a mathematical law behind such movements. Thus he started on his career. At that time it was considered sacriligious to inquire into the doings of God. He was threatened with torture and imprisonment, but managed to escape both. ' The medieval scientist was considered to be a rebel, an outcast. He sat in the watchtower of truth and oftentimes was foiced to giye his life to preserve the truth. French Revolution After the French Revolution, which in a certain way voiced the dissatisfaction of the masses toward such treatment, there was no longer the desire to “think”, but the del^ire to “do”. Activeness had taken the place of passiveness. Religion began to lose its jiotency; the Chinch was no longer a dominant influence. People had be-
gun to doubt and, according to Descartes, “As long as we doubt, we are thinking.” Descates also believed that reason is the only basis on which we can place our lives. And so terminated the seventeenth century of rationalistic thought. Pragmatism, New Philosophy With the nineteenth ccntuiy a new philosophy, one of pragmatism, came into prominence. The scientist no longer had to conceal his ideas and work, but he became an accepted member of society. The people were interested in his achievements. But the scientists paid dearly for this civilized reversal of thought. The “impassioned love for knowledge” by which Plato had characterized the essence of the scientist, was gone. In its place was a desire, not to think, nor to servo the world, but a desire to do, with its natural lucrative retuins. Scientists JHecome Normal Citizens Science chiifie down from the pedestal where it served the principles (See LANCZOS, page 4)
'I'here is a weird old lady that lives across town. In years past she has made her living as a soothsayer. (She works in the aluminum iplant now, but that’s beside the point.) Well, this old lady says that it is written in some old I'filer’s tomb that on the night Stan Kenton plays for a dance at Purdue—that’s next Friday night—that there will appear at the dance a special eight page gazette which will give the latest dope about grafting professors, double crossing joe boys, married ensigns that date coeds, engaged coeds that don’t act like it, and the latest racing news on the John Purdue track. The old girl says this rag will be worth its weight in rubber tires, but will cost only a dime. Could be.
Betty Wason Writes ^Miracle Of Hellas/ Greeks Fight Ort*
Notice
All students in the naval reserves, V-1 and V-7, may obtain their refunds beginning today at the Cashier’s office. Students must present either their passports or Naval Reserve cards to receive their money.
By Sonia Swerdloff Home economics seems far removed from the screaming terror of bursting bombs and dying men on a field of battle; yet the two are related as has been proved by Betty Wason, author of the current history book, “Miracle in Hellas; The Greeks Fight On.” A University graduate in 1933 with a major in clothing and textiles, Betty began her career as a writer of advertising copy for a depai’tment store, left that job to give cooking lessons for a utility company, then acted as assistant food editor for “McCall’s”, and finally in 1938 she went to Europe as a freelance correspondent.j Becomes War Commentator She was soon plunged into the war ai’ea as a substitute on the Columbia Broadcasting System in Stockholm during ^the Nazi invasion of Noi’way, and then in the autumn of 1940 she was in Athens to behold the courageous and inspired defeat of the Italians by the Greeks. Her stay in Athens continued through 1941 during the merciless, savage invasion by Germany and the heart-
breaking days of occupations. On June 23, 1941 she left Athens; her only contact with Athenian life since then has been through underground connections. Betty Wason’s story is of the Greek people and their courageous fight in resisting the enemy, as well as their undying spirit which makes them confident that their independence will be regained. In her book, she describes how the Greek people by the spring of 1941 had begun to doubt everyone but themselves. Despite the reluctance of their leaders and officers to engage in war; they insisted upon fighting and fought so bravely that they turned back the Italians. Unfortunately their faith in themselves wasn’t capable of defeating German tanks and Stukas, nor fifth columnists who held important positions. As long as it was possible to have the censor pass her scripts, Betty continued to broadcast. The night of her final broadcast a British munitions ship was blown up m the harbor of Piraeus, shattering window panes seven miles away.
Events now happened quickly and furiously; the dictator died, his successor committed suicide, and finally a red swastika appeared flyinis over the Acropalis, a temple nev^ before desecrated by afiy flag. Five days latter the flag disappeared, and Athens burned with rumors. One rumor had it that a Greqk slipped through the guards, tore thfe flag from the pole, wrapped it abodt his body, and leaped from the cliff. Betty Wason left Greece as soon as possible, but not before she had seen the ghastly results of German occupation. In the second half her book she has written the stories related to her through underground channels. She tells us that there are still five bands fighttpff the Germans and that in Crete hold the rugged mountains with the aid of 1,200 Anzacs. Submarines almost nightly land arms which help the natives in harassing Gennao communications as well as in combat. Although one-tenth of thd Greeks have already starved td death, their survivors await the return of their allies. ”Purdue Exponent Tuesday,Maym.
mmi
* *r -I ‘ - • - ^
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 406S Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
HAnorac;^ Editor Hottorary Editor Hanotary Buainess Manacer With the Colors
.. .WilliniTi G. Hoskins Dale E. But! ..Gerhard H. Klouman
Editor... Business Manager NeffS Editor... Manaaing Editor Advertising Manager.. Eperta Editor. Ck>ed Editor
..Robert W. BoswinkK James G. Petts Sally Beall Donald E. Brewci .. .A. Jane Keim ......Joseph S. Dawson Jeon Lauei
m
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
Awociafa Editors: H. B. Abbott, C. C. Martindcll, E. F. Morphy, W. H. Tysoni W. L. Vermilion, C, J, Wilbur, Coed'Staff: Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, KaUiorine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Eipes, ,R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards, . Business Staff AssistantAdvert^ing Manager: C, L, Gaunt. Layout Director: J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerm,an. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
The Purdue Independent Editor-in-Chief :■■■; : B'ft Squlcr Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Howes Day Editor: Ford Issue Editor: Baynes Sports Editor : Steffes ■ Reporters: Krnpf. Ward. Georgoson. Donlium, Garrett, Hnmmbl, Swerdloir, Muller, Erb, Hammond, Nichols, Dclporte, Vekasi, MacDiarmid, Tuesbqrg. ‘■.Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the tspecial rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922, Published ou Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday rnornings during the year, except certain vaction periods. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.2.7 for a semester; by mail tor $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union.. ' Ropresented for national advertising by National Advertising. .Service,' Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
WRH Girls Speak It has been brought, rather forcefully, to our attention that the editorial appearing in this paper on May 18 definitely implied that the University was, at times, dishonest in its dealings with students. This was not at all the intention of the statement although it cotild easily be interpreted to mean that things were amiss financially. There is no dishonesty infhe administration of the University’s financial affairs, and students who are griping becaiise they say they have been shortchanged have undoubtedly failed to take all of the necesssary factors into account. In regard to the matter of the coeds now living in the Women’s Residence Halls working one hour a week and still paying the same amount of fees as was paid previously, the following statement has been received from the Governing Board of the Halls: “Dear Sir: “An editorial published Tuesday, May 18, 1943; afeked for a statement concerning the work of the girls in the Residence Halls, especially concerning the financial .side of the question. We would like to present some facts to clear up any misunderstandings that may havearisen. “First the Curtiss-V/right and RCA Cadettes are working. They have shown a fine spirit of cooperation and have volunteered for jobs similar to the residents, making it possible for us to work less time than originally anticipated. “The University is not ‘pocketing the money’ that formerly was paid to the maids and men students whom the Halls are no longer able to employ as we shall pi’ove. Maids, cooks and janitors wages have been increased during the past year. Even though we have fewer maids and janitors and the daily expenditure for these services is slightly less, the cost of foo4 has increased enough to cover this decrease and to exceed it. A conservative estimate of the food cost rise is 16 per cent. “Waiters and kitchen boys formerly were paid wages which balanced the board they received. The expense to the Halls of waiter service was really their raw food cost. At pi'e,seht this is being equalized by the wages paid to waitresses. ' “On-the asset side we have the room and board that we pay each semester. This has not increased to meet the rising cost of living as would be expected. It has stayed the same as it has been in past years. “We realize that, we could be paid for the work which we are now doing, but this would be impractical. This added expense to the Halls would increase our own room and board. If we could hire enough maids and men students to do the work that we are now doing, our room and board would go up even higher. “In conclusion, the majority of us do not feel that this work is drudgery, biit rather we consider it as part of our contribution to the war effort. “Sincerely your.s, “GIRLS OF WRH.” Further information received from the University offices showed that the parents were informed of the matter at the beginning of the semester and that the girls had their choice of three dift'erent courses; either pay more money so that the University could give the maids better wages, do the work themselves, or not live in the halls. There was no violation, of any contract by the University involved in the arrangements. We hope that this is a satisiactory explanation, of the labor situation in the Women’s Residence Halls.—e.m.
qi,
e
V,
GRIN
BEAR IT
Bf Li
fty DftEW PEARSOfl Churchill Resizes Old Dre'^irrt In Roosevelt Conference; Desires To Draw United States, Britain Closer ■VVASHiNGTON—Only his close friends know it, but the four different tralis-Atlantic conferences which Winston Churchill has held with Roosevelt are the fruition of a ten-year-old dream. in 1933, Churchill, then not in the Cabinet, in fact a frequent thorn in the side of the pabinet, was spending a week-end at his country home. Week-end visitors included Jimmy Roosevelt, son of the newly elected President of the United States, and Kay Halle, Cleveland radio commentators. After dinner the Churchill family and guests played the game of asking what each person would like most to do in the world if he could have his wish. Younger members of the family were being cross-examined by Churchill when suddenly Miss Halle turned the tables arid asked him what he would most like to do. Without a moment’s hesitation, Churchill flashed back: “I should like to be Prime Minister of England.” At that time he had held most of the impprtant jobs in the Cabinet. He had been Minister of War, First Lord of the Admiralty, Minister of Colonies, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Minister of Munitions, Home Secretary and Head of the Board of Trade. But he had never been Prime Minister. “And if I ivere Prime Minister,” Churchill continued, “and if I had the right man in the White House to work with, one thing I should do would be to hold regular trans-Atlantic conversations with the President of the United States. I would forge between the United States and the British Empire a real alliance, anYnseparable partnership.” Later Churchill sketched on a piece of paper pictures of the American dollar bill inter-twined with the British pound and sterling note. “Cive that to your father,” he said to Jimmy Roosevelt. “And tell him that working together we can make the pound sterling and the dollar rule the world. We can establish a new currency.” “What would you call it?” asked Jimmy. “I would call it,” replied the man who ten years later was to see a great deal of Jimmy Roosevelt’s ' ■father, “I would call it the ‘Sterling Dollar’.” CliyB'cheii Rehearses No one in the crowd which jammed the House of Representatives to hear the Prime Minister of England last week ever would have dreamed that privately Churchill envies the oratory of his son Randolph. When the PM first entered the House, The crowd was a bit aloof. The spectators sat back in their chairs. But as he warmed to his speech, they leaned forward, until every member of Congress was heartily with him. Hovvever, Churchill says that he wishes he could , speak with the same extemporaneous facility as his son. Actually, the Prime Minister has to rehearse his speeches carefully. Like another great orator, William E. Borah, he goes oyer the climaxes and the strong points of his speech several tihics, virtually learns those portions.by heart. Practicing aloud before a full-length mirror, ho leaves nothing to .chance when it conies to so important an occasion as last week’s speech, to which most . of the peoiile of the United States listened. His son Randolph, however, can speak without notes or previous rehearsal, and his father says he eirvies him. ' Capifai Chaff Leon Henderson is going on the air once a week sponsored by O’Sullivan’s Heels. Apparently, they think rubber is coming back. . . . Congressman John Costello of Hollywood may run for the Senate against ■Senator Sheridan Downey..... It pays to take a diplomatic junket around the world a la Willkie and Joe Davies. Willkie is getting all sorts of offers from movie moguls to screen , his best-selling book “One World.” He would like to throw it to his own company, 20th Century Fox, of which he is chairman, but no matter what the price—high or low—it would cause political trouble. 20th Century has the best man to play the part of Willkie—Orson Welles. Piarao Wire For Sfalin One thing that makes .foe Stalin a bit leery of “huddles” with Americans is an expei'ience he had with Harry Hopkins, Averell Harriman and William Batt more than a year ago. This type of thing may be one of the obstacles which Ambassador Joe Davies may have to overcome in arranging for a meeting be-' tween the President and Stalin. Hopkins, Harriman and Batt had flown to Moscow to assure Russia of lend-lease support and to ascertain just what materials were needed. One of the things Stalin especially requested was aluminum-steel, called in the trade “piano wire’-’and used to reinforce the wings and struts of airplanes. This is finely tempered aluminum and stcei which is slow and difficult to manufacture. Howe-n'er, Stalin wanted it, and he was promised it.. But when Hopkins, Batt and Harriman returned to the U, S. A. and placed their promises before technical experts it was discovered that they had promised Stalin four times as much aluminum-steel as the entire United States produces in one year. In othei' words, .even if we sent Russia one-fourth of what she had asked and what Hopkins-Batt-Harri-man had promised, there would have been nothing left for American amplanes. However, Hopkins, the personal envoy of the President, had given his word and the Russians expected that his word would be kept. Furthermore they kept reminding us about it. So finally the President himself had to send word to Stalin that we had made a mistake and we couldn’t deliver. NOTE: The amount of aluminum-steel promised would have lasted Russia for 20 years. Merry-Go-Round , Friends of Senator Hiram Johnson says its a sure bet Herbert Hoover will be appointed to the U. S. Senate by Governor IVai'i'en of California if they persuade Hiram to resign because of his health. ... Ex-Senatoi' Herring of Iowa, wlios'e son is a prisoner in Germany, repoi t.s that .so far as he can ascertain Irom the Retl t.ross'and liis son’.s letters, food in the pi’ison. camps is I’easonably OK.. He can also send cigarettes, clothes, etc., to his son through the Red Ci'oss at intervals. (Copyright, UU.'l, hy United oFature Syndicate, Inc.)
the
■■ ;/ By Jfack.^bbe|t 'V ^
ifjthjmahy a smile Presi4eht Rooseyelt has, made it, plain J.o members of the press that they tyoiild be refhs0a'iaam||T
tance to the m,ain Body of the United iSfations FoQ(i|lohfd,t’6h|.6: now being held in Hot Sprmgs, Va. 'iTte press was also wkrn^d by the President that he didn’t expect the deie^ates the conference to,.be worried to death by the newsmSin newsmen put up quite a fuss, >—r——^ —''C-'. V'v:' and rightly so, over this re- likely that the President i His striction on a free press, but been wasting his breath. SHe rriem-
how that the food'conference
1 J ‘J. have been ready and wilqliig to give has gotten under way it seems .
Personiiel Not^s
“Issuing us these emergency rations means one of two things —either we’re going on field maneuvers, or home on furlough.” University Calendar . Tyes'day, iMay 25 ——T — —:— , 6:00 P.M. .UngergTaduate Dames Meeting......Room 330, Union 7:0.0 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega Meeting...... ...Room 366, Union 7:30 P.M. Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship..Room 302, Union 6:30 P-M- Tau Beta Pi Banquet....: 'W. Faculty Lge., Union 8:00 P.M. PlayshdjQ—“Claudia” Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday, May,.26 7:30 P.M. Marriage Course , W. Faculty Lge., Union Thyriday, May 27 8:00 P.M. Playshop—‘Ulaudia” Eliza Fowler Hall. Friday/ May 28 , 8:00 P.M. Dance .....No. & So. Ballrooms, Un, Safyiday/ M'^'y 29 Nary Gains Another Star Not many were actually acquainted with the man who departed from here yesterday for Chapel Hill, N. C. Nor did many students know just what a swell fellow the University lost when Coach W. P. “Dutch” Fehring, baseball rnentor for nine years, decided to give up collegiate coaching and enlist in the Navy. ' | . Dutch was, is, and will be one of the most warm-hearted, sincere fellows we have had the pleasure of knowing. No, he didn’t bring glory every season to Old Purdue, but bringing glory to an institution isn’t everything. There wasn’t a lot of complaining this year when Dutch, who started the season with one of the most powerful squads he has seen for several years, began losing players right and left to the armed forces. It was in the cards, and he was going,
too.
Not many Boilermaker athletes, less, than a Tiandfull, can boast that they won nine major letters. Dutch wouldn’t say much about it, but he won three in football, basketball and baseball, besides captaining his gpid squad and being elected the most valuable on the nine. We hope that after the war is over Dutch will again be here. It’s pretty hard to put clown in print the feeling we experience in seeing Dutch go. He’s just that kind of a guy!—d.e.b.
all the aid that they Could to- the news writers, and - little iantipyartce has; been voiced by the other delegates against the newsihen’s atf Coinpi- to get stories- : Presidhrit
Companies, scheduled to visit the Roosevelt, by his actipnsLhas only campus: shown his reported distaste for the ,'Elliott Co., Cincinnati, Ohio— press in stronger actions , than at Wednesday, May 26. Interested in any previous occasion. ■ ME, KE. ' X-X-X Standard Oil Co., of New Jersey, ^he so called military strategists Elizabeth, N. J.—June 1. Interest- throughout the United States are ed in ChE, ME, Chemists ( BS, MS, talking more and more about the
proposed offensNe on the continent
These companies do not plan to of Eui'ope, and the general concenvisit the campus; however, they are opinion seems to ca 1 oi an interested in students for employ- <^ensive in the Balkans. The strate-
gist seems to like the lay of the land
Gaie Products, Galesburg, 111.— the fact that the Serbians _alInterested in M. E., E. E. Sign in I’eady have an excellenf fighting Personnel Office by Wednesday, in the field. The Italians have 26. also been the main stay of the Akis Lear Avia, Inc., Piqua, Ohio—-In- defenses in that area for the past tcrested in M. E., E. E. Sign by year. What the^e self-same “mihWednesday, May 26. fa^'y generals” have forgotten, to New York Central System, Chi- take into consideration is the f&ct cago,111.—Interested in C. E., M. E. fi^at even though the Axis officials Sign by Wednesday, May 26. - ^ay be depicted as morons in the The Carborundum Co., Niagara movies they are really alive and Falls, N. Y.—Interested in E. E., able to see their points of wehkPhysicists. Sign by Wednesday, ness as well as any other man. The
May 26.
The Udylite Corporation, Detroit,
Michigan—Interested in Chemists, errors before the Allies launch theii
ChE. Sign by Saturday, May 29. P. R. Mallory Co., Indianapolis, Indiana^—‘Interested in E. E. Sign
by Saturday, May 29.
actual point of difference is whether they will be able to rectify these
Piacemenf Notes
For Women
Lark-Horowitz Predicts Subsidization Of Science leachers Science teachers should be subsidized, according to a statement made by Professor K. Lark-Horo-witz, head of the University Physics Department, in a speech at the Physics Building last Friday night. In developing the suliject of his talk, “The Co-operative Approach to the Basic Sciences”, Dr. LarkHorowitz expressed the conviction that in order to induce superior science students to enter-the educational field they would have to be subsidized by the federal government so as to bring their salaries up to industrial standards. Shortage Of Science Teachers The nefed for properly trained science teachers has become fully apparent now, he said, when only a small fraction of the high schools
were able to respond to a government request that all 11 and 12 grade high school students eligible for the draft be given a pre-induc-tion course in physics and other •sciences because of a shortage of pi’operly trained personnel. Lark-Horowitz believes that instructors taking post graduate work in summer school should he given scholarships in order to make the financial burden - lighter on those who wish to improve teaching conditions by further education. LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS JN BALLROOM DANCING BY APPOINTMENT PHONE 2150 P. M
attack if it does happen to come m
the Balkans.
X-X-X ' .
The Roosevelt-Churchill conference in Washington has been reported to have been mainly about the Far East and what is going to he done to defeat the Japs and help
The Office of Naval Officer Pro- the Chinese. If this is what was becurement, 141 West Jackson Boule- ing discussed, someone should get vard, Chicago,-Illinois: oil the ball and get supplies moving There is currently an urgent need to the Chinese before the Japs are for women officer candidates who able to make a success of their may be qualified for training in ra- present drive against Chungking, dar and radio work for the Navy. The Chinese have been fighting the The minimum requirements for this Japs and American steel since 1936 training are a degree from an acr and it seems about time that the credited college, a major in physics, steel from America began to take, and recent work in physics or re- a toll of the “saviors of the East.” lated fields unless'the applicant is The Americans have always. been at present a student in one of these proud of their ability to build roads fields. oyer the worst land in the world and' Candidates'who arc found fully this secms to be about the, place to qualified will lie enlisted as officer substantiate that claim. The Ghicandidates in the WAVES and will nese need good roads toYiring milirbe given basic Naval training at the tary supplies and other necessary. U. S. Naval Training School, Nort- goods,
hampton, Massachusetts. They ■will then be given special training for three months at advanced Naval radio schools. Candiates who are now seniors in college may be considered'for immediate enlistment and if enlisted may he deferred for active duty until they have completed their college work, provided they have the endorsement of a college faculty selection committee.' This is an important Naval Officer Procurement pi’ogi'am in a field vital to the successful prosecution of the war.-If you have recent graduates or members of your senior class who might qualify for the .program, it will be greatly appreciated if you will forward to this office their names and addresses. Applicants who desire fuller information concerning this, program should write or report in person to
this office.
NOW SHOWING —A FIRST RUN HIT—
S/t/IWH COLSWyN laughingly US
TODAY and TOMORROW
—ADMISSION— Nights ; 35e Week Day Matinees ..,.25c Children ^......lOc plus tax
<#■
k ■ fi i
Boitet*m&^ir Sptirts
iw^
Fik^t idiLikMAkER kASkETBAU TBAM, 1901, commented on
SPORTS CARNIVAL LOOIAs big FOR JUNE 8
Diamondmen Divide T>vo Games With Badseii
Doan Assumes Duties As Diamond Mentor
Thib Sports Wave
By Peg Steffes
After taking a terrifically long time to write some futile sports story, this coed, who has been duly initiated into the terrors of the Exponent
Two men take over new jobs this week. The first, "Dutch” the Fieldhouse, is about to have a deep-breathmg timewritV, ... 1 1 • j i.- -NT i i~n 1 TTMi ing the Wave. So don’t expect many bits about ’em, sports fans. To one Fehring, takes up his duties as a Navy man at Chapel Hill, unfamiliar with said haunt of muscle-building addicts, the Field-
N. C., and the second. Pop Doan, sj^eps to the helm of the house can hold,varied experiences. Riveter baseball squad. . “POP” HARD TO FIND
"Pop’s” new duties will not be nearly as strange to him as “Pop” Doan had called off baseball practice on account of rain OS
will those of the departing Boilermaker mentor, for the new varsity baseball coach has - —
been connected with Purdue
athletics since 1918. Certainly, the Riveter nine is in
After coming to Purdue to capable hands, and will continue to didn’t know the difference.
something, so in the course of trying to locate the man to discover this fact) we ran the gamut of the entire building. Getting the evasive dope on a certain stoi-y (guess who') led to walking unexpectedly into a men’s hygiene class while the prof stared blankly at a retreating feminine figure. The class was no doubt composed of freshmen who probably
Defeated in First Game By Singh Run, But Win Second Contest 8-5 This past week end, the Boilermaker baseball squad split two games on the Wisconsin diamond at Madison. In the first engagement Friday night under the glare of kleig lights the Fehringmen got trounced by one point, the Badgers finishing with a scor^ of 6 to 5. Two years ago the squad played the first night game under light in the Big Ten here with Michigan. Ed Misselhorn, star letterman from last year, was the starting pitcher in the first game, - ' ' ' — and Walter Hesse supported
teach mathematics. Pop took be under “Pop” Doan’s guidance,
over the frosh baseball reins in the spring of 1919 when his first I'hinie horsehiders had a very succussful season. Pop just can’t remember when he had his best team, but he does remember that his frosh squads have frequently trounced the varsity. The rhinie horsehiders have averaged well over the .500 mark in the won-lost column since
he took over. Pop Starred
Since there was no freshman baseball this year because of the new conference ruling allowing the yeaidings to play on the varsity, "Pop” has been woi-king with for-
Scouts To Hear Somers Speak Tonight, 7:30
Lt. Lee Somers of the U. S. Navy will speak at an open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, to be held tonight at 7:30, on the subject “Problems of Leader-
ship.”
Lt. Somers is the Welfare and Recreation officer at the Naval Train
COACH SOUNDS OFF DRILY
More wanderings about the place led to observing an ed going no place in a hurry on a stationary bicycle. This is a tiring thing to watch, but he was unusually proficient at the art—some might even call it “poetry in motion”. The heedless wandering of sports-gathering coeds produced a dry remark from a passing coach—“You find ’em everywhere these
days.” / HECKLED FROM ALL SIDES
When finally getting down to the business of the evening, namely, putting this page together, the coeds of the sports staff found theipselves bombarded from all sides with suggestions from well-meaning eds who obviously knew what they were talking about. And who also know that the coeds didn’t know what they were writing about. But be that as it may, the latter bravely struggled through reams of notes on the weekend happenings in the Boilermakers’ world. MEDICINE BALL PROVES INTERESTING In the midst of terrific writing, telephoning and rewriting, eds of different shapes and sizes kept running back and forth to the gym. Being able to constrain her cuiiosity no longer, one she-writer stopped to watch
All Campus Athletic Carnival Promises Variety Of Acts And Unusual Spectacles In only fourteen more days Ross-Ade Stadium will be the site of a colossal athletic carnival. The regular program will
start at 7:30 the night qf June 8 and will last until about 9, day’s batting. Burger’s hit'included while a f,ew special events will start at 7 for the early comers, a two bagger, while Kennedy, Jen“Chief” Clevett, head of the intramural department, said, and Martin also connected
"There will be no 'admission ^
Ed behind the plate during
that game.
In the second fracas on Saturday afternoon, the Riveters came through to the tune of 8 to 5, with Centerfielder Tora Burger getting 2 hits out of 4, a good
mor coach Fehring all spring, and station at the University game of volley ball, or maybe it was medicine ball. Anyway, the boys
and everyone is invited.” Taking part in the program will be men from the naval training station, navy flight instructors, army specialized trainees, PE 12 students and also representatives of the fairer sex. The program will feature demonstrations of physical progress but it will also have its lighter side with
plenty of nonsense.
Boilermaker Nefters Beal Hoosiers, 71-25 During 1902 Season
with the horsehide twice in the course of four chances at the plate. Ed Timm started hurdling from the mound in the second game, and Charlie Wright from right field pitched, while Jack Kennedy was drafted from the mound to play at right field. Bill Burkhardt, shortstop, played his last game with the Riveters, celebrating by hitting a triple. He is leaving for Gamp
Ed Timm relieve
Leftwich at the mound later in the
was in complete charge of the Riveters during spi’ing baseball prac-
tice.
“Pop” learned his baseball at Wilmington College in Ohio where he earned an award every year he was thei'e. He was captain in his senior year and held the initial sack position for four years. “Pop” also played both high school and college football. Ho coached frosh football
is also Company Commander of Company 10. According to Jim Bowen, membef of Alpha Phi Omega, “Problems of Leadership”, will be of special interest to those who want to obtain commissions in the Aimy and Navy. The meeting "is open, not only to members and prospective members.
had a great time.
THROWS IN TOWEL For one who has never written sports copy, the breezy phraseology of the sports writer takes a little time to master, if one intends to write stuff the fans enjoy reading. So trying to say that someone hit a triple, without being too obvious about it, presents a neat problem. The novice finds it doubly difficult, especially while being harassed by the thought of a deadline which must be met at sometime in the evening. The idea of throwing in the towel is just tbo strong to resist
Out of the dim past comes the story of the birth of Boilermaker basketball forty-one years ago. H
Among the scheduled events will Reimann, 03, Shelby- ^ ville, was the organizer, coach, and Irmscher assumea a new position captain of this first aggregation. In moving from second to third basfe. 1900-01 the team won every game Two errors were charged against played by large margins. Teams the Riveters, being committed’ by played included Danville, Lafay- Irmscher and Martin.
be a typical PE 12 class and typical naval training class period. The flight instructors will give a demonstration of hand to hand combat; or how to kill a Jap in one easy les-
son, and a cage ball game between High School, Logansport, Cul-
Purdue until the stadium was but to anyone interested.
EDS, COEDS LET YOUR GUEST FEEL AT HOME WHEN SHE VISITS THE CAMPUS. RESERVE HER A room AT THE UNION CLUB AND LET HER TAKE ADVANTAGE OF ALL THE FACILITIES OFFERED BY THE UNION.
JPUL fiWvdjULSL TyimwiiaL iAmmv The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Schedules
FTaternity Softball Wednesday, May 26—6:45 Diamond— 1 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Theta Xi 2 Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alirha Mu 3 Alpha Tau Omega vs Delta Tail Delta 4 Sigma Pi vs Delta Chi 5 Pi Kappa Phi vs Tiiangle 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7 Sigma Chi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 8 Beta Theta Pi vs Tau Epsilon Phi 9 Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 10 Sigma Nu vs Army “A” 11 Acacia vs Phi Delta Theta 12 Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta Chi 13 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma 14 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi
Kappa 15 Kappa Delta Rho vs Pi Kappa Alpha 1C Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Army “B” 17 Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Sigma Kappa 18 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Army “C”
ver, Wabash, Indiana, Butlei’.
Fast Play
The style of play was very fast, a quick passing attack and a shifting offense being used. Following the 1900-01 season the Boilermaker team was acclaimed the state cham-
Ward Softball Wednesday, May 26—6:45 Diamond— 19— Ward 1 vs Ward 8 20— Ward 2 vs Ward 4A 21— Ward 3 vs Ward 9 22— Ward 5 vs Ward 7 23— Ward 4 vs Ward G
100 PE 12 men and 100 sailors is alsoion the card. Following this, six boxing bouts will be fought by the men in blue, and six wrestling matches will be grunted by Univer-
sity students.
Coeds I« Special Events
One of the special features will
be a one-half mile relay race, with The 1901 Debris printed the foleach of the participating groups lowing: “This branch of athletics is represented, including the coeds. A well worth cultivating as a means one-mile cross country walking of loeeping our athletes in good con- - race will be put on by the women dition during the winter months. It students. ^ vigorous and exciting game as
A one mile bicycle race and a played by men who have had an
quarter mile foot race are open to abundant experience on the gridanyone wishing to participate and iron and diamond, both of which
those interested should sign up im- sports it combines.” mediately on the gymnasium bulle- Southern Trip
tin board. ^ jp, £902 the team took a southern Special Track For Silver Deiby playing such teams as the
Lautenbach came through With the only extra base hit for the Bad-
gers.
The box score:
Purdue— AB R EL, E Friend, If 4 110 Irmscher’, 3b 3 2 11 Burghardt, ss 3 2 10 Kennedy, rf 4 12 0 Wright, c 4 0 10 Burger, cf 4 2 2.0 Jennings, lb 5 0 2 0 A. Martin, 2b 3 0 2 1
2 0 0 0
Timm, p 2 0 0 0 Misselhorn, p 0 0 0 0
8 12 2
Wiscoiisin— AB Sullivan, If 4 Wierschein, ss 4 Lautenbach, cf 5
Inside of the oval a special track j^^shville ACA, Birmingham ACA, Butcher, lb 3
will be constructed where fraterni- Chattanooga ACA. Each playerties will run the Silver Derby chipped in five dollars apiece and
race. There will be eleven events in
Reaneholm, rf 5 Murphy, c 4 Zauft, 2b 5
Ward Softball Tuesday, May 25—6:45 17— Ward 11 vs Ward 12 18— Ward 10 & 14 vs Ward 13 21— Marwood vs Circle Pines 22— Rochdale vs Dover 23— Owen vs Westminster
0 1
HERRY-liO- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No*. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
that supplied enough money for
this part of the show, and three gg£ Louisville where Friske, 3b 3 fraternities will be active in each g^.^nted credit by the 'Frank 0 race. One of the features of this LguigyiHe and Nashville railroad. Eisenbach, p 2
section of the program is the fra- ^.gpaying the railroad the Pearson, p ternity bicycle race. Each fiatei- returned to Lafayette with a 'Calhoun .
nity will be allowed one bicycle and $16.34. On this southern Chaney, 3b 0
four contestants, the bicycle chang- team was billed as the
ing riders after each lap. Also in- gf the Northwest”. Totals 37 5 10 0
eluded in the program will be a
demonstration by tiaining gym- gg^ggg ^-eached when the team ri^sts. played Yale and defeated them by pm.jjgg Assisting Clevett in the produc- the score of 68-10. Indiana was con- y\rjgggngin tion of the affairs is Miss Alice quered during that year by a 71-25
Bond, representing the coeds, En- count.
sign Frank Nocera of the* navy.
Frank batted for Friske
Calhoun batted for EisenbaCh
01300020 2-t8 00010103 0—;&
Runs Batted in—Wright, Tunings 2, Burger 2, Kennedy, Bfit^-
The western conference started hardt, Murphy, Zauft, LautenbAiiii
Flight Instructor Lt. Frank Cumis- pj^ying- basketball in 1905. In the 2, Wierschein
early days Reimann played with the Crawfordsville “Y”, and -one of his
key, and Herm Phillips, track
coach.
Many Taking Part most ardent admirers was the BoilProm 1000 to 1500 people _will ermaker’s present basketball coach, take part in the program and the “Piggy” Lambert, who was "then
Two base hit—Burger
“Chief” describes the carnival as being,/ “Better than a three ring circus”, and also made even more
enthusiastic comments.
A special treat will be in store for those who go early. Badminton, volley-ball and other games will be played by the coeds. Later on in the evening a walking race will be held between the various sororities and promises to be quite a treat. As yet the program is not complete but the “Chief” is very enthusiastic and confident that the program will be a success. IM Schedules
Cary Hall Softball
Tuesday, May 25—6:15
Diamond—
19— Unit 1 vs Unit 4 20— Unit 2 vs Unit 3 Sigma Delta Psi "
only a youngster. “Dutch” Reimann got the Riveters off to a flying start and “Piggy” has kept the Boilermakers in high gear for the past
twenty years.
Ex-Wildcat Tackle Gets Silver Star Lt. Prank Young, tackle on Northwestern university’s 193|7, ’08, and ’39 football teams has been awarded the silver star for gallantry in action in China where he is a bomber pilot with the Army Air Corps. Fie has also received the air
medal for 25 successful raids ^
against the enemy.
Lt. Young came to Northwestern from Ponca City, Oklahoma, and was nicknamed “Ponca” by his teammates on the Wildcat football
Anyono wishing to take Sigma team. He entered the Army as a Delta Psi tests Tuesday evening, private shoitly after graduating ^report to the Jumping Pit in the and was transferred to the Air Pipld House at 4 o’clock. Coips after leducing from 225 to
John Sines the required 186 pounds.
Three base
hits — Burghaf^fcj
Lautenbach. Second Game
Purdue—
AB
R
H
Friend, If
4
1
1
h
Irmscher, 3b ..
3
2
1
k
Burghardt, ss ..
3
2
1
4
Kennedy, rf
4
1
B
1
Wright, c
4
0
1
to
Burger, cf
4
2
2
0
Jennings, lb ....
5
0
2
■0
A. Martin, 2b ..
3
0
2
i
Leftwich, p ...
2
0
0
0
Timm, p .
2
0
0
0
Misselhorn, p .
0
0
0
0
—
—
—r
34
8 12
2
Wisconsin—
AB
R
R
E
Sullivan, If
5
0
0
0
W lerschem, ss
4
1
1
0
Lautenbach, cf
.. .5
0
3
0
/Butcher, lb .
... 3
1
0
0
Reiuieboliii, rf.
6
1
2
0
Miuphy, c
4
0
2
0
Zauft, 2b
5
0
1
0
Frank .
..0
1
Q
0
Fiisl:^e, 3b
. .3
0
0
0
Pearson
.. 0
0
0
0
Eisenach, p . .
. .2
1
1
0
Calhoun
0
0
0
0
Chaney, 3b ,
0
0
0
0
6 10■r.!!
^ Purdue Exponent '"' * '';_ fuea^dy, 'May 25,^
■s%^wA h t|
Remembers Military
Campus Of First World War
Navy Selection Board To Arrive Here Friday To Examine Applicants
Notictes
" ' { '• p Kappa psl Membera; Meet in the Swaa'i|b Lounito of the Union at 7:30 p. >*'•'-Ab Tuesday. May 2B, to have yoM taken for the Debris. —BENTSCH ,'• V. C. Meredith Members: Meet in tpe Swedish Lounge of the Union at 7:40,p. m.
« . . j . u on Tuesday, May 26, to hav^ your picture Registration Workers: Students who the Debris. —BENTSCH worlced for the Registrar during the Summer •, Term Registration may obtain their checks pj Members: Meet in the Swedby calling at the Registrar's Oltice^___^ j,,}, Lounge of the Union at 7:80 p. M. on
Tuesday, May 26, to have your Jo^lotUte
taken for the Debris.
-STONE
C. E. 41: An examination for the removal
—BENTSCH
By Bill Tyson
Temporary SATC Barracks Provided Housing For Duration
Eta Kappa Nu Members: Meet in the Swedish Lounge of the Union at 8 p. m.
■ -'-ture
By Margaret Young
“Exodus from the University during 1917 and 1918 was not nearly so noticeable as it is now,” said Professor Howard H. Wikel of the History, Government and Economics Department.^ Wikel is well qualified to speak of conditions existing on the
AWS Will Sponsor Campus-Wide Date
With the deadline for enlistment
of 17 year-olds in Naval Aviation- of con'ditions and incompletes will be held
- - 111.**' room 125, Heavilon Htill, at 1:30 p. m. Swedish Jjounffe ot tne union au o p* ■ Keep off the grass regulations only a month away, plans have been on Saturday, May 29. Permission to talce Tuesday. May 25, to have your pietd; J.1 • 1 4. J 4. 1 O or^an^a^ fvair^alino* iinif examination piust be Obtained from the +nkcn for the Debris. —RENTSCH were flagrantly violated yesterday made loi a special traveling unit undersigned before May 26th.
when a steam shovel began excava- from the Flight Selection Board to -gbevb tion in the plot of grass between visit Lafayette on Friday to give ah Students: There are several openings the Music Hall and the power plant, preliminary physical and mental catfop blanks" ma^y'bl^Mu^e
. 4. ferring, room 313, Executive building. Jun-
sistant Superintendent of the Phy- m this area. iors and seniors of grad standing from Cook sical plant, the excavation is being This traveling unit will be sta- f'-, high sc oo s ^ made in order that a sewer, plugged tioned at the U. S. Navy Eecruiting- . up some years ago by order of the Substation, Post Office Building, in may be obtained from Burton Kuck, room Department of Health, may be re- Lafayette. Applicants who pass the 129. taVy Hall. -KUCK
AWS is sponsoring a campus movecl to the extent of some 30 preliminary tests will be sent, at ^li ee students: aiee meeting Wedneswide date bureau this weekend to the Navy’s expense, to the Navy day, May 26, 7:30 p. m. Ensign Hale will
University campus during the last world war, as he came to arrange dates for Friday and Sat- ^ Danger To Water Wells Aviation Flight Selection Board at rca and WrfehrField"ead "tte3“"are^fnWtc^^ the University in 1916 and, with the beginning of the fall term urdady nights. Both eds and coeds years ago, said Kashner, a Chicago, for the final examinations.
in 1918, taught French to men in the Student Army Training Corps, The SATG’s took their oath of allegiance on Octobe r 1, 1918. Wikel recalled that five special barracks, temporary buildings, were erected near the site of the Electrical Engineering Building to house the 1500 men in the corps. Temporary buildings were also erected for the storing of equipment, and one building was erected for use as a recreation hall for the corps. The use of these buildings, however, ceased almost before they were completed. “The SATC’s left the barracks almost immediately after the signing of the armistice,’’ said Wikel. Demobilization of the epors formally commenced on December 14, 1918. “Dry-Ocean Navy” No military units were established at the University from thekleclaration of war in April 1917 until October 1918 when the SATC was established. Wikel recalled that the SATC’s used the appelation “dryocean navy” when referring to the ^^members of the Navi Resei-ve unit on the campus. The Naval Reserve men were not living in a special military barracks as the SATC
men.
The induction of so many students into the SATC created a large number of vacant rooms in West Lafayette. Several fraternities combined during this time. Mr. Wikel remembered that the SATC men would leave their barracks on Sunday. Frateniities served special dinners for the ai-my corps at noon. Wikel laughingly recalled that army food then was much different from that served our service men now, and the fraternity men made a special effort to have an excellent dinner on Sunday for the soldiei
students.
Phi Delt House A Hostess House The Phi Delta Theta fraternity house was taken over as a hostess house for the convenience of soldiers, their wives, mothers, and friends. Wikel recalled that music played an important part in morale. The University band, under the direction of P. S.Emrick, played every evening, at retreat. A community sing was also held four times
each week.
Many organizations, said Wikel, suspended operations during this time. Even the “Exponent” was not published. Mr. Wikel said that he could recall very vividly the havoc wrought by the influenza epidemic. From October 11th until October 30th all civil activities were suspended. All picture shows and other public gathering places were closed. “The beautiful fall weath. er,” said Wikel, “made many long hikes possible during the two weeks the University was closed.” No Accelerated Program SATC men Pad classes in mathematics, English, French, and engineering. Dr. Thomas Moran, then head of the History Department, had a class in “War Aims”, which all SATC men attended. There was no “acceleiated” ]n-o-gram in the University such as there is now—nor was theie a .student oi-ganization such as the present Student Wai Council. There were no “Stamp Convos” but the Junior Prom Committee in the spring of ’18 invested their profits in Liberty Bonds and gave them to
the tJnion.
“Then as now,” said Professor Wikel, “Purdue students and faculty members seived their countiy both at the Univeisity and in the armed forces.” Son Of University Grad Sets Quiz Kid Record Richard Williams, 13 year old quiz kid, made his lOOtli aiijieai ante on the Blue Netwoi k’.-^ quiz kid jirogram recentl.v, accoiding to an announcement by the Blue Network. ^His father who i.s a graduate of the School of Mechanical Engineering here, wa.s a stiaight “A” student for four years. Williams is now a combustion engineer and talks over business jiroblenis with his gifted .SOI),
Faculty Members Complete Courses
mathematics. Classes taught by E. P. Miller, assistant professor of physics and M. W. Keller of the University mathematics department have ah ready graduated thirty-four men and women. The accelerated course in physics which met five evenings a week included an advanced study of measurements, statics, heat and mechanical energy, sound, light, and the chemical effects of electrical cur-
rent.
Completed Course Those who have completed the course are: P. H. Brewer, and W. S. Gillam, of the Agricultural Chemistry department; H. K. Carmichael, of the Speech department; D. DenUyl, Forestry and Conservation; B. L. Dodds, Education and Appllel:! Psychology; V. E. Gibbens, English; R. E. Girton, Biology; J. D. Hartman, Horticulture; K. B. Hunt and P. E. Johnson, War Training; F. C. Lewis and R. R. Poynor, Ag Engineering; B. N. Prentice, Forestry, N. L. Martin, and K. E. Pitts. The mathematics taught included: algebra, equations and their applications, logarithms, tiigonometry, and other similar problems These classes met twice a week foi three hour periods. Those who have completed the course are: D. Brodie. of the Pharmacy department; R. Finney, Modern Languages; A. Guard, E. Mackay, Biology; C. Heyerdahl, A. Messenger, E. Sheppard, R. Thomas, History, Economics, and Government; I. Kelly, S. Cromer, Education and Applied Phychology; E. Roseberry,, C & T., E. Waples, Ag economics; J. Wright Forestry; H. Meissner, Physics; 0. Butcher, Chemistry Storekeeper; 0. Davis, and B. Craw. Under U. S. Office Of Education , The United States office of education is conducting these courses in engineering, science, and management at the University under the direction of C. W. Beese to increase the proficiency of men and women undertaking war jobs.
who are interested may sign up in ggwer running parallel to the road June 30 Last Day For Acceptance Senior ME’s and ae’s: if you expect to
the booths at Cary Hall, WRH and p^gt Heavilon Hall and the Power At present the last day for ac- rep7e3entiuvr"Li"w1™ in the Great Hall of the Union, g^i^g under the Power ceptance of 17 year old high school "me
Wednesday and Thursday fi'om 3 to plant was used to transport waste seniors or graduates is June 30, diateiy. providing you have not done bo 5 are the hours when these booths niaterial from the other side of the 1943. Accepted applicants will not ^ —BOLZ
will be open. . campus over to Grant street and start this 12 month training, which Eds and coeds will be notified in then down to the river. _
plenty of time about their dates. Due to the fact that this sewer until they are at least 18 years old ^•,ry'ono17vitrd"o‘’attend, ’’'"-eagle"'
Due to the ratio, the eds who sign ran right by the University water and have been graduated from high
up first will be given precedence in wells located by the Power Hohse, school. in^fo^-’pfa^Sr^next VhSay.'^Fricb^^^ getting dates. the health authorities ordered it Applicants must have a written Saturday, call 4269 and leave name with
, , J i* c XU Playshop secretary. —DUKti
Chance To Attend Convo plugged up at the place where ex- recommendation from their high Students who take advantage of ^^vation is now in progress and the achool principal Or college armed the date bureau will have a chance waste diverted to a sewer going un- forces i;epresentative Only those
der the private road leading around who rank scholastically in the upback of the Service and Stores per half of their high school gradbuilding. uating class, or if at college, mainThis was done, so that for a num- tain a scholastic standing in the her of years a plugged sewer ran upper two-thirds of their class will
underneath the spot where the be considered,
steam shovel is now' at work.
In order to prepare instructors for special war training campus and undergraduate engineering programs, courses have been offer-
ed to members of the University to attend the War Stamp Convo and staff in accelerated physics and Dance to aid the war drive. AWS
planned the bureau for this particular weekend to help reach the $2,500 stamp goal set for the convo
and dance.
AWS is also putting on a coed bid dance the following weekend, “Draftee’s Drag” being the name of the affair. Eds signing up for dates through the buieau this weekend will have an opportunity to meet thc^ coeds who might give them bids to this dance. Date bureaus have been spon-
Alpha Phi Omejra: There will bo an open
• 1 vorr ono 4^; meeting in room 366 of the Union Tue-sday, provides a $27,000 education fiee, 25, at 7:30 p. m. Lieut. Somers of the
Tritons: There will be an important meeting at 7 ::)0 V, m. Tuesday, May 26. Plans for the picnic on June 1 will be di.scussed.
—BROWN
Fraternity Freshmen and Sophomores: Callouts for Fraternity Affairs Office will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, May 25 and 26, in room 360 of the Union at 4:30.
—MORGAN
Pi Tau Sigma Members: Meet in the Swedish Lounge of the Union at 8 tlO p. m. on Tuesday, May 26. to have your picture, taken for the Debris. —RENTSCH, Delta Rho Kappa Members: Meet in tfie Swedish Lounge ot the Union at 8:20 p. ftl. on Tuesday, May 26, to have V^r picture taken for the Debris. —RENTSCH Union Board: Meeting Tuesday, May 25, at 4 :30 p. m. in the Union office. >
—HIIiLluR
All Students: Those .intercsted'in uslift--ing for Playshop Thuriday, Friday or Saturday night call the Playshop office Md leave name with secretary. ‘—DUKE Undergraduate Dames: Formal initiation dinner ’Tuesday at 5 :46 p. m. in the Chestnut Room. —BILERING AWS Executive Board: Meeting tonifeht at 7 :16 in AWS office. Be promp^^^^ PIA Workers: Those interested in poster painting please call Andre,
Physical Plant Removes Sewer Health authorities were still bothered by the fact that a closed drain in which seepage was possible still remained over the University water wells and so ordered that this strip of offending sewer be taken out. This was several months ago and now the physical phant has un-
AIEE Members: Meet in the Swedish Lounge of the Union at 7 :20 p. m. on Tuesday, May 25, to have your picture taken for the Debris. —RENTSjCH
. . . will hold archery callouts today at 4 p. m, in the Women’s Gym. All girls interested in archery are invited to come out for it.
sored by AWS in the past, but this dertaken the job of removing 30 is the first time that all eds and feet of gravel filled sewer from the coeds, no matter what their year in earth between a manhole located in school, could sign up. Foimerly the the middle of the grass plot and the
bureaus functioned only at the beginning of tlie year to help the freshman girls get acquainted.
Power Plant. Kashner said that no possible leakage could happen even if the sewer were not removed, hut that
the
Dr. C. H. Robertson, alias “Big Robbie”, will speak to the University chapter of ASME tonight at 7:30 in the lecture hall of the Physics building, room 103. His talk will he on “The Gyroscope and Its Applications.’’ Working models will he used to illustrate the lecture. Big Robbie received B. degree
Try An Exponent Classified
Classified Ads I Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 60B Mnio, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted— Student pin settlers. Apply Memorial Union Building Bowling Alleys, afternoon or evening hours. Average pay, TO cents per hour. Lost—Black and gold Schcaffor fountain pen, has ownor’.s name engraved. If found return to 429 W. Wood or call 66712. Reward. Will the person who exchanged my stcclgroy raincoat for his tan corduroy reversible in the Coilee Shop, please call 41064. Wanted—Small class "A” model airplane motor. Preferably Elf or Atom. ‘Wally’’, 6294. Found—Sheaffer Eversharp, Thursday, Biology Annex. Call 561.')2 or West Desk. P. M. U.
authorities were taking no South Dakota State college in
(Continued from page 1)
Martin Hoffman, 5.62; Roy Holland, 5.51; Betty Holmes, 5.61; David Hyde, 5.58; John Jameson, 5.61; Betsy Jansing, 6.56; Robert Jones, 5.52; Jerome Kehl, 5.80; Richard Kelley, 6.70; Elizabeth
King, 5.52; Robert King, 5.82;
Theodore Kline, 5.60; John Kohlmyeer, 6.67; Brita Kiaepelien, 5.62; Robert Kropf, 5.50; Milton Lauenstein, 5.71; Fiaiiklyn Levin, .5 60; Gordon Logan, 5.59; Sister Carmelia Lohaus, 5.60; Paul Lottes, 5.64; Beth Ludberg, 5.63; Frances. McPherson, 5.53; Viiginia MacDonald
chances. There are 15 feet of gravel in the sewer and a good thickness of concrete and steel between the waste and the wells, he said. The liquid level of the sewer is located
16 feet under mother earth.
(Continued from page 1) while Miss Ruth Jordan and Mrs. Inez Canan will discuss the preparation and use of dehydrated food with which they have been experimenting. School Lunch Program A three-way discussion of utiliz-
1893 and from the Univeisity in 1895. The University gave him an honorary degree of Doctor of Science in 1926. He has worked on the staff of five different universities where ho taught chemistry, physics, mechanical engineering, English, phy.sical education, and education. While in school he excelled in sports and was elected to three honorary societies: Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma, Sigma Pi Sigm^v.
Take no chances on your money being lost or stolen, change your ca$h into American Express Travelers Cheques. Spendable everywhere like cash, but refunded in full if lost or stolen. Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 75j! for ejch $100. Minimum cost 40j! for $10 to $50. For sale at Banks, Railway Express offices, at principal railroad ticket offices.
5.67; Frances Mellon, 5.59; Robert program to
Mendelson, 5.85; Indices Continued Ralph Merrill, 5.55; Thaddeus Michalik, 5.61; Burlyn Michel, 5.68;
help solve the nutrition problem will be presented by Miss Maiy Mather, teacher at Montmorenci High School, Superintendent Dinsmore, of Porter County schools.
Marilynn Miles, 5.63; Robert Mon- and Mrs. Hugh Sniffin, of Montmo-
tague, 5.83; •William Morgan, 5.81; Dorothy Murphy, 5.53; Doris Muth,
renci, a school patron. Other phases of the school lunch program will be
6.60; Lorame Myers, 5.63; Biant- presented by Mrs. Wanda Hughes,
ley Newsom, 5.72; Elizabeth Obeile, 5.61; Mary Odell, 5.50; David Page, 5.64; Maigarct Park-
er, 5.80;
Edward Pita, 5.54; Walter Rafert, 5.69; Richard Reed, 5.54; Elizabeth Rippetoe, 5.61; Egon Rohr, 5.55; Mary Rose, 5.83; Mari-
Royerton High School; Mrs. Marie Ringle, Ball State Teachers College, and the Misses Wave Bowes, Edith Gamble, Ruby Clark anejj Maigaret Hirt, of the Univeisity staff. An illustrated lecture oq “Storage of Garden Products” by Pro-
lyn Schanbacher, 5.74; Richard fessor E. C. Stair, of the horticul-
(Continued from page 1) of eternal truth and the concept of truth was challenged. Scientists became normal citizens, interested in the present and material things in
life.
The scientists of the seventeenth century of intellectual revolution would have cried out against the in--sult to trutii and righteousness when Hilter made his ghastly attempt to overrun the world. 'J’oda.v’s Scientist Different But the scienti.st of today is a different person. Perhaps he gasped amazement at the insolence of
Schailach, 6.86; Abner Schepartz, 5.72; Warren Seclacek, 5.51; Virginia Sellers, 5.70; Peter Sherk, 5.71; Marian Siegler, 5.66; James Sims, 5.52; George Siu, 5.65; Lawrence Smjth, 5.56; Marion Smith,
5.66; Marjorie Steck, 5.50; Robert Stein, 5.79; Bernard
Steinberg, 5.57; Spiridon Suciu, 5.71; Jean Thompson, 5.53; John Tieiney, 5.53; James Tillotson, 5.53; Eugene Usdin, 5.55; David Vogel, 5.66; Maiy Wagner, 6.56; George Walden, 5.52; Ruth Walker,
5.56; William Wallace, 5.66; Wayne Walls, 5.75; Carl Weir,
5.60; Sister Cosma Wctli, 6.85;
tural staff, will close the program.
such an action but he did nothing Dwight Wilcox, 5.83; Henry Wilabout It. And he wa.s not expected Carolyn Wood, 5.84; to do anything about it. The scien- William Wooden, 5.53; Hans tist of today is jmst another citizen. Wormser, 5.79; 'Albert Wunder, Today wo aie a jiragmatic nation. Sinesio Zagnoli, 5.05.
We want action, not thought. Our hie IS com])letely different from the rationalism which once was domi-
nant.
Ilowevei, accoi’ding to Dr. Lanczos, Einstein’s great discovery of lelativity is one of the basic laws of iiatuie and it is based on reasoning 01 lationalism. ’I’he tliinkiiig jiowthen, aie not dead liut doimant. Future On Reason And Deecnccy In conclusion, Dr. Lanezos added, “I am (jiiite convinced that the only possible way to jilaii the future is on leason and decency. Foi action i.s not enough, nor is reasoning. The woild must have a combination of the two if it is to succeed.”
Buy War Bonds
PIA Announces Tea Dance Dates Dates of the next two PIA tea
~dance.s were aiinouneed yesterday afternoon as Wednesday, May 26, and Saturday, .luiie 5. Keith Jewell, PIA social chairman who made the announcement, further stated that the irregularity of date.s was the result of an attempt being made to detormino the day best suited to
most students.
'I'ea (lances, lield in tlic South liallioom of tile Union fiom 4 to 5:30 in the afteinooii, are sponsored by the PIA Init are open to all Univeisity students, .'\dmission i.s
liee to memliers.
Bicycles, picked up from the campus after being apparently abandoned by their owners, repose over in the service and stores building-- according to R. W. Levering, plant protection officer, and await identification and claim by their rightful owners. All hikes leift on the campus for more tlian three days are picked up by campus police and placed in the service and stores building where they may bo identified and claimed, said Levering. Must Present Identification Identification of the bikes must he presented to Levering before the owner may see the bike in order that no confusion will arise as to the rightful owner. Levering stressed the point that all bicycles should be registered with the local police in order that any bikes found off campus may ho easily identified and their owners
found.
All Students War stamps for the convocation and mixer featuring Stan Kenton and his orchestra are now on sale in fronf of the Sweet Shop. Woolling.
CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS
CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR
I
E i'
H
E S
E II
V fi