-.S';:
fiiiyersitf
muMB XLya
LAFAYETTE* INDIANA* TUESDAY, MARCH 24, 1986
Fiineral Rites
Indianapolis DadgWffl Hold Banquet April 13
Held In Home Former Math Ihstractor Dies Saturday After Long niness Funeral services were held yesterday afternoon for Charles J. Waits, at his residence. A former faculty member, he passed away at 6:45 Saturday morning in St. Eliz abeth hospital. Since his retirement in June, 1933, his health has been failing, but it was not until Friday that he became seriously ill. Rev. Otto S. Steele officiated at the services and the body was laid to rest In Grand View cemetery. Waits was born and spent most of his life in Indiana.; After gradualdng from Indiana ^tate Normal he became interested in public education aroUnd TerrC Haute. He received his B. A. de^ee from Indir ana University and in 1899* was given his M. A. degree from tlfe University of Illinois. He ' then spent twenty years in the mathematics department of Terre Haute; schools, in 1919 he came to PurdM as an instructor in niathOmatics, and remained at the University until hi^ reiaremenfc He is survived by his wifej Mrs Minnie R. Waits? and three children, Mrs. Alice M. Anderson and Miss Ruth Waits of Chicago and Mr. Charles E. Waits, Jackson, Mich, He also leaves two brothers
and a sister.
Harry G. Leslie, TB, former governor of Indiana, and Walter Krull, *05, are in charge; of the arrangements for a dinners to be given for fathers of University students living in or near Indianapolis. The dinner is to be given Monday, April IS, at 6:80 o’clock. ^ President Elliott will be the principal speaker, and the music will be supislied by the University Concert Choir. The meeting has been arranged by Prof. R. Phillips, of the
University staff.
Band Interprets Symphony Before 5,000 In Sunday Concert
ChE’sToMake
:©
Lieut. Volin Telh Of Air Thrills
73MenWiUTakeTwoDay Inspection Trip
Forced landings, fires in the air, blind flying, and navigation problems faced by an army aviator, are described by Lieut.. Herbert R, Volin, M. E. ’33, now attached to the 11th Rohibing Squadron at Hamilton Pieldj in a letter, to- Capt. Haskins, professor hr the mechanical school here at the University. Lieut Volin has Participated in many Of the army’s maneuvers, including those at Florida and those more recently at Mather .Field, Cal In describing the joiiit maneuyers held with the navy during which he flew a Martin bomber, he says, ^1 had my left motor catch fire while returning to Hamilton Field when the impellor in the super-charger broke. It was touch and go for a few minutes, but I , managed to make a forced landing at the Sacramento Municipal Airport.”
Fly Close Together
“We had to fly very close together in formations and the weather abVve the water was the worst 1 have ever seen,” he continued. “Each turn we made had to be preceded by a radio warning and a new compass bearing in order that we would not crash together.” “It sure was egciting,” he concluded, “and it certainly is an honor to be along on these trips during
maneuyers.”
SeVenty^hree ^phomore chemical engineers and freshmen engiiiemiihg stiidents Vnll dep for a two-day iuspeii^ou^^^^t^ Chicago industnai p^ at 10 o’clock Sunday mbrhihg. Irtterest in the trip is evidenced by the fact that these'men are taking time out of their spring vacation in Order to
so*,'
Accompanied by Dr. Hoelscher, Professor Lovell and Messrs. Mack and Miller Of the chemical engineering departmeht, the engineers will Visit Corn Products Bfefinmg Co., Sherwin Williams Paint Co and Carnegie Tllinois Steel CO,, On Monday.; Tuesday’s tour includes Standard Oil CO., Lever Brothers Soap Go., and International Lead
Smelters. .
Choosing Options The trip has bben planned for the purpose of assisting the , sophomores and freshmen in choosing their options in the chemical engineering school. Following the second day’s inspections, the men wiU disperse, some going directly to their homes and others returning to Lafayette. Of the 73 men who have signified their intentions of making the trip, 61 are sophomores and 12 freshmen. ^'
Playing before approidmately 5,000 persons in Jefferson'Gymnasium, the Ulniversity Symphonic Band, conducted by Prof. P. S. Emrick, presented all four movements from Dvorak’s Symphony No. 5 in E minor, from the “New World” at its second concert of the year Sunday Afternoon. “Largo”, the second movement of the composition, requires so high a degree of perfection in symphony music that nO' arrangement of all four movements has ever been published. Lieut. H. Y. Hunsicker, nand li brarian, worked during the entire summer vacation to arrange the scores and thereby he enabled the band to play this highlight of the program. Hunsicker was introduced to Me aui^ence
dition.
The xylophone performance of F. C. Baase, University freshman, was received with especial enthussm. His playing of “Morning*
Noon, and Night” so pleased the audience that he was called back for an encore. “The Flight of the Bumble-Bee” Was applauded tremendously and be repeatod the
Well Drillers; To: HoM .Anmial
Gottveiitioilf Ifoire
One of Prof, Emrick’s favorite compositions, “Mighty Lak a Rose” was given by the band as an encore following the scheduled program. The Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason of the West Lafayette Baptist church, made a speech of welcome and presented the University band and ProMssor Emrick to the audience. The program was sponsored by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Lafayette Mho„l^lK»rd.
Cadet Offices To Hold Lundieon At NoonToday The first cadet oiBcers’ luncheon of the second semester wHl bp held today at 12 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Several departmmit heads of the University will attend as honor guests, and a musical program will be presented by members of the University military band, F. C. Baase, freshman engineeiv ing student, will play a xylophone solo, accompanied by J. F. band adjutant, and a quartet of brass instruments?
St. Olaf Choir To Gome Here
NUMBER 12S
F
<
big nanned For 6:30
Tomorrow
Annual Dinner Me^
Li Union BaUroom
iSl
ABEE Contest Closes Soon Deadline For Essa^ Set J^r Mai^: 3i-^
Minnesota Singers Will Give Concert April 23
Approximately fifty members of the Indiana Well DriUers’ Associatidn will attend the annual meetipg of the organization which will be held here Friday, Headquarters for the meeting will be established in Me Memorial Uinioh'Buildiiig. , The day’s program wilt be devoted to open discustion of problems and developnaents in Me well drilling industry. Tile Indiana Well Drillers’ Association was organized the University five years ago, and the annual meetings have been; held in Indianapolis and here on alternate years since Mat time.
J. Doud Made Dead 0£ Wesley Foimdatioii
Orchesis Plans Program For Toporrow Evening
McMURRAY TO SPEAK TO AG STAFF MONDAY
Members of Orchesis, co-ed dancing organization, will present
program tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium in order to demonsirate the technique arid work of the club. The program will be divided into two parts, Me first devoted to technique end the second to compositiori. Unusual lighting effects will
be nsedi throughout the program. The demoristration will be' open
to anyone interested in Orchesis, and Mere wilk be no adniission charged; Miss Helen Ellis, of the women’s aMletic staff, is in charge of Me evening; Members of Orchesis are; Jean Small, Marie Brewer, Regina Kelly, Fay Pendergrass, Ruth Hadley, Idargaret Jos selyn, Floy Crepps, Mildred Bauer, Sally McKee, Mary Humphresra Catherine Groriier, Margaret Fattjbone, Margaret Richey, Judith
Jories, and Helen Howard.
Floyd I. McMuriay, state superintendMt of public instruction, will address the monthly luncheon of the University agricultural staff next Moriday in the Memorial Union Building, on Me subject “Odd Types ^of Agriculture in Eprope”, S, A. Anderson, Gail Redfield, T. H, Binney and J. T. Frost are in charge of the luncheon arrangements.
Reservations For Style Show Available Today Table reservations for the Union style show “Revue du Chic”, and dance Friday riight, can be made in: the Union office beginning at 4 o’clock today.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
L. J. Doud was elected president of Wesley Foundation for the coming year at a meeting held Sunday afternoon in the Foundation House; Ky B. McEachrpn was named president; of Me Epworth League, while W. H. Keerian was selected as vice president of the Foundation, Mary Ellen Delaplane was chosen as the
co-^d vice president..
OMer officers selected were Grace Kirtland,-secretary; Samuel Daniels, chairman oF Me religious education; Don Hurd, publicity; Robert Henry, treasurer; Margaret Fantone, chairman pf Me social commitiee; Robert Ferguson, morning watch; Mary Louise Hess, re freshiments; Wilma Raschka, historian ; and A. F. Futoohee, foreign
student representative.
Prof, L. M. Sears to Address Boy Scoot Orgaiilzatioii
Alpha Phi Oiriega, honorary Boy Scout organizatiori, will hold an open meeting arid smoker in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 tomorrow evening. Prof. L. M. Sears; of the University history, economics and goveminent departmefit, will address the group. '
Pean Matthews Will Address lodianapolis Wonten’s Glob
Kappa Delta Rho fraterriity annoimces Me pledging of R. B. Newhouse, Qaklaridpri; R. M. Hill, East St. tioriis. III.; H. W*. LoWnie, Buffalo, N. y., and T. V. Parke, Glen Ellyri, 111.:-'-.:":
Dean Mary L; Matthews, head of the University school of home eco nomics, will speak at a luncheon meeting of the Women’s Depart ment club in the club house at Indianapolis tomorrow on “Whither Education”. All members of the general club will be guests.- The luncheon and propam are under the auspices of Me American home deriartmerit ot the cluh.
Only seven days remairi for submitting entries in the local A. I; E, E. coritest, according to Mo; list of rules issued 1^- R. L. Kessel, vice chairmari of the University brarich, Nontechnical papers by juniors and seniors in Me E; E. school, pn subjects related to electrical engineering are eligible, provided they are not over 1,000 words in length and are, submitted typewritteni doublespaced l^ri Form A paper, enclosed in a laboratpry report coyet, and turned iri: to the main office during^ the month of March, ■ judges;; A group of instructors, acting as the judging committee, will select four papers by juniors and four by seniors from those entered, corisidering entries of each class separately. The authors of these papers will read them before a branch meeting of the A* I. E. E., Me two best from each class to be selected; /Prizes.' ' . First prize in Me senior class is one year’s student membership in A. I. E. E., including the Electrical Engineering magazine and local dues; second prize is one-half year’s membership. Winner of the junior first award will receiM one year’s membership and the iriagazine, while second prize winner will get one-half year’s membership into Me
society.
The St. Olaf Lutheran Choir of Northfield* Minnesota, will give a concert in Eliza Fowler Hall on Thra^day, ApHl 23; tnidrip Me Spori^
sorship <tf Me: t^^
rirganizations. Tickets may be seemed frprii A; P. Stewart, Univer-;
'si^:;'HaU;-.::::.
Tins choir ranks today as one pf the most outstaridirig in the couritay. It hap been eyersredime: acemded the highesti praise and is eag^ erly sought in all parts of the country becarise of Me excellence of its pro^ams. Yhe choir has performed before many large conyentiotts. - ; Rotary Coricert In 1928, Me Internatibnal Rotary opened its convention in Minneapolis with a concert by the choir. During Me past concert seasori Me choir sang at three natiorial coriventions: Me national conyention; of school superintendents, Me biennial convention of the Federation of Music Clubs, and Me natiorial com ventiott of College Women. The choir is undeT Me leadership of Dr. F. Melius Christiansen. Dr. Christiansen Mimded Me choir thirM years ago, and has been at its head ever since.
Between 400 and 500 from all parte of the state are mepected to assemble here tomonmw morning for the sixth annual Druggiste’ Business Conference, to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building for two days, with meetings open to all. Sevend local drug clubs are planning to hold special meetings to join in with the discussion of the new U. S. Pharmapoeia. and the National Formulary* in connection with the
conference.
All staff niembers of the University have been invited to attend the anririal dinrier -meetteg of M^
Phi K^ppa HIgs Beat Betas ■ In Aimiial Fresh : Onion Race
Freshmen of Phi /Kappa Sigma defeated Beta Theta /Pi’s frpsh last night iri the Mnrth annual onion race between those two houses. The prize, a dtoner at Me house of the loser, has been won three times by the Phi Kappa Sigs.
tlm reception room iff tiio Uriiori at 6:39 tomoiriiw evening?;!]^ Morris Fishfoein^ editor of/the of the iMierican Medical Assoriatiori, will address Me meeting on; “Socialized Medieirie*’. Irivitatioris tiie lectiire have ^o been attended to local doctors, dentists and nrirses, wiM Henry W. Heine, iff Me University phri^acy exterisiOa departirient, iri charge of the'resm^
vations. ■... . ' -Adtoess
“Medical Fads and Suikitstitions”, an address by Dt; Hewrird W, Haggard, of Yale University, will cioty the conference at' j$ o’clock Tliursday evening in Eliza Fowler HaU. Ihr. Haggard is an eaqibnent of popular medical sci'' ence arid history, as well srii a scholar arid scientist of medieirie. His book, “Devils, “Driigs, /mid Doctors”, a history of disease, ite causes and cures througho^ut the ages, is now in ite twenty-etyhM printing. “Ihe Doctor In History”, more recent study by Mr. /Haggard, has btyh acclaimed by critiks as an “informative study ^ of medi--cine from the eril eye to Me conquest of yellow feyer”-—“Showing how history may be uridmstobd tlffough Me lives of the great doctors and Mrou^ the marveloim advance of science/’
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Kappa Delta; Rho announces the initiatiori of H, J, Krzewinski, R. B. Nichols, J. E- Kanally, D. O. Coleman, G. L. Merinen, C. D. Sloan, J. Lynch, L. W. Sink, and W. L.
Molyrieaux.
ANNOUNCES ELECTION
WAA Will Hold Sports Banquet
Theta Tau finternity announces the election of N. Trbbvich, president; H* D. Wren, yice presiderit; W. C. Corbin, secretary; J. Van* derford, treasurer; B. F. Wardell, steward, and T, McCreadie, house manager. ~
IIR D UE P ERSOKAEITIE Professor Frank R* H
By Hugh Morria. : ' Prof. Frank Richard Hall, of the University department of history, economics, and government, is a tall, dark-haired, lanky man possessiriff a peculiar humorous gleam in his deep brown eyes. You Will find him in his office in Me Recitation Building nearly every day, reclining in a swivel chair—his hands clasped behind his head and his feet comfortably propped ori Me desk in front of him --emitting small spirals of blue-grey tobacco smoke from a favorite pipe/ He was born in Peoria, Illinois, and attended public school and high school in that city—. later entering Eureka College, in Peoria, Eieeting history arid literature for his ma.jors, he enrolled in pre-medical work; Mter graduating, he attended the UriiverSity of Wisconsin, where /he received his master’s degree in history.’'; Teaclung Career At this point his teaching career began. He tyright history and literature in several /Misspuri^^^a^ IIlihois high schools, leaving this pM-
fessipri later to attend the Uriiversity of London, in Erigland, where he again majored in history and literature. He left Loriilori and secured a teaching job at Butler Uriiversity, in Indianapolis, and in 1928
came: to Purdue.
In I9l7, at the outbreak of the Worid War, Prof- Hall went abroad yriM the United St^es /ArimyrT^n epiplemic of influenza hit Me
“doughboys” and he was transferred to the medical corps during Me emergency—often wishes he had carried on his study in the medical field—spent all of Me past summer visiting (by his own choice) his brother-in-law who is the doctor in charge of the Elgin Insane Asylum
Writes Poetry
His principal avocation is poetry arid, since 1926, he has published eleven volumes of poetic xamblings under the peri-name of Charles R Raber-r-is iriterested in nature and its phenomena from a purely aes thetie poirit of view—-wrote for high school and college papers and Me college year-book—Served as a cub reporter and staff cbnresppndent on the Peoria Journal-Transcript—has done some professional writing since, one story of which was collahoration with Professor Shep
pard, pf Purdue.
Professor Hall has been a radio news commentator ever since Mtffch 1, 1934—broadcasts twice weeldy oyer WBAA, University radio station—celebrated his secorid year this work recently--^joys doing it and doesn’t try to follow the of any Other ne^ commentatOri Oft (CofttiftttOd Oft page 4>
W* A. A. will dose the Winter sporte season with ite annual sports banquet Thursday at 6 o’^oefc in Me Home Economics BuildMg. Fea<^ tures of thO evening will indude the awarding of class ftumerals and “P” monograms, stunte presenMd by the winning class teams in kethaR and volleyball, arid Me in-' stallation of officers. Miss Heleft Hazelton will give metioft picture slides of Me W. A. A. caMn, 'Wbile Miss Marian Russell, who temMt ift Porto Rico, will siiow slides of that island. '. ./.' .■ There will be separate tables for each class, decorated in the various class colors. . Louise Burkle, chairmari of Me social comriuttee, wiB; act ns toastmistress. OMer meria-/ bets of the committee are Betty^ Arnold, Mary Humphreys, Em% Tubbs, and Minnadel Veu^arin'c Tickets, priced at forty ceftte, may be obtained from members/oT Me W. A. A* council or at.Me Women’s Gym. The banquet is operi to
aU co-eds.
/lii
WM
. //
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
.1.1' t’/,
Pi Kappa
Phi announces / Me
pledging of
R. H. Suabedissen,
South Bend,
and J. D. Longfield,
South Bend.
W ‘4''
JUNIOR All pep
RRO^’TRiy^:;//./'^ ons desirtag/to re-
turn dunio
r Prom tickets may
dnsqatM
e cashiers* office any
.iXiIsft". w 600 has
'eek. The full quota already been sold.
AlMough i
,/;;-,y^’^not'"l
after sprir
ickets and programs !>e distributed until g vacation, a list of
1
those eligil wRi be a //.■■'wtyk./'
>le to go to the Prom rinonnced'’ laterihMtiian PbMM COSIIl
MAIN OFPI<i®rr4li Not* F«a» Steeet
EAiimiia Plw^
adHa^-te-CUef..
Meaasiag
BDiTOEIAI. STASV
Henaw
AoMelata Bdtton~
gpoarts Editor. AoBodate
H. Caaipbell
.iA. M. Chastesn, C. 55. Hardin.
W. T. Hnnti B. H. SSorHs, 55, G.
.N; B. Hajs
Bold and Blaek BdHpr-
F. SSiUl, E. H. WalpolO, lU ». Wood
A. BameWa. Ji B. Brock, A. H. BotMtari ; Jr., E. P. iSanion, G. L. Sadlor, B. 0. Schenk, J-^
w. K. Appott
Bdainees SSanager. Adrertkins Msaa«er__ AdreitiBins Asalstaaia.. CKx^latioii MaBaser...** OfrenlatioB Assia^to—
BUBINIOBB STAFF
_ _ ..uW. A. Koch
t:: ' :::z::::::..„..jEL f, Ani
..lu H. Brown, E. Greek. D. 0. Miller
..B. J. Huke
.J. G. Girard, G. E. Shields
Bditor.
Aseooiate EditorB__„_ Adrertisinfi: Hanagr^Sophomore Assistants..
WOBSKtrS STAFF . ^
_ — Joyce Williams
Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
.Josephine Perkins
.Jean Brown, jean janousek, Marjorie Louis, 'Doris 'Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Tuesday, March 24, 1936.
Issue Editor—C. Harper, Jr,
Hell Weeks ' Already reports are being passed around about the various activities in which freshmen are forced to participate during the current “Hell Weeks”. But this year the variations in technique take on a new note in some instances—that of abolition of physical punishment. Many fratemial organizations have modified their probationary periods, while a few still stick to the old “paddle-breaking” system.
strain of hell week has been gaining strength, and it is with no small pride that enlightened persons may now point to a select group of fraternities on this campus, those who have adopted more humane and intelligent methods of preparing the neophytes for membership. Itis ished or„ tive of their own members. It would indeed be a blaek mark on the record of the University if the faculty believed it Was necessary to intervene in such activities.-—W. T. H. Expression In Fluent Speeeli _ The ability of one to express himself with ease is by no means a corollary of fluent speech. Some, indeed many, of our foremost authors are very wretched speakers. It therefore follows that what is often called the talent of a facile pen is either inherent, in which case the individual is most favored among men ; or it is the achievement of years of cultivation and hard work, which is quite a necessary resort to the majority of those who undertake such a profession. It is very interesting to compare great figures in our preseht and past literature. Let us for example note that Lord
Attention: Career Seekers “There’s always room at the top. That old refrain of the prosperous Twenties’ still holds /true. That’s what employers, personnel managers, business and professional leaders tell us, no matter what their position or field,” says 'Walter B* Pitkin, lecturer and author of “Life Begins at Forty” aiid “New Careers for Youth”. During the past summer session. University student^ were privileged to hear this distinguished man at several lectures. In a series of articles to the careerseeking youth Mr. Pitkin expresses what he believes to be several limitations on the age-old phrase about room at the top.
od, tossed off literary gems without so much as rereading them. Although it is granted that his work and reputation has suffered in the eyes of posterity as a result of his extreme carelessness, the fact remains that in him Was personified the rare ability to “speak fluently on paper”. Alfred, Lord Tennyson, another noted English writer, spent many hours and sometimes several days in revising what had seemed to him first-class work, with the result that his compositions underwent renovation. V Consequently, not too much emphasis can be placed on the value of wide reading of the works of famous English authors. The writings of Thomas Babington Macauley and Joseph Addison are particularly recommended "to would-be stu dents who wish to improve their “strokes of the pen”. Probabl;5r the most important and efficient method of im proving one’s writing ability is the constant and persistent practice of expressing one’s thought bn paper. All the listening and reading in the world will not induce facile expression uifiess ample opportunity is afforded for natural follow through of composition practice.—C. H., Jr. READERS* OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments oi good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
The “G” Men By W. C. Hawkins, This great organization, technically known as the Division of Investigation, had its beginning back in 1908, as a very small and insignificant bureau in the Department of Justice. It began its steady growth with the passage of the White Slave Act in 1912 and was greatly expanded during the war period to take care of ali^n cases. In 1924, it was reorganized as a division and placed under the control of J. Edgar Hoover, who had been in the Department of Justice since 1917. Mr. Hoover immediately began to develop the organizatic He established''the Bureau of Identification, wihich at the present time contains some four million fingerprints and is receiving more at the rate of twenty-two hundred a day, Hiese prints are sent in by police departments all over the - United States, and the police of thirty-seven countries utilize the files. After he had organized the Bureau of Identification. Mr, Hoover began to build up the personnel. He required that all his men be between the ages of 25 and 35 years and that they have a good knowledge of either law or accounting. His reaI son for these specifications was that young men would be ambitious and enthusiastic about their work; that students of law should know what types Of evidence would be most effective in convicting the criminal; that accountants would be needed in cases of fraud. The division now employs about five hundred “G” men and a large staff of clerks and offce workers. Hi the files of the Division of Investigation, the former occupations and particular talents of all the “G” men are recorded. These occupations range from professor Latin to expert fisheman. There are men in the department familiar with the most important languages spoken in the United States.
to one of the largest and most effective forces in the world today. In one year, 97 per cent of all the cases handled resulted in convictions. A record such as this might well excite the envy of our state police systems.
;Aut6^ric5>ltM:
Godi sytinM reprewM HA el oM
^HIS chart, prepared hF the Rural I- Riectriflcation Administraiioa, R. iustratea the surpridhig scarcity ot electric service on ijnerican fianhs, despite its almost uniform' ayailabhity to city peopl«^ llluininatioh and running watermade possible by electric pumping —are Only two of the^mahiradvan* tages which elec^tricity brings to the farm. With them com'' dependable refrigeration, cool cookery, power for feed grinding and other farm tasks, poultry house illumination for greater egg production, and eleo trie dairy machinery—over two hum dred farm uses for electricity have been listed.
; finanding the cbhstructiph pi new eiectric distribution lines "ib teridtories now without any electric service, as wpil ac Wiring installs tions on groups of fariUs, the RUraj Electrification Administratlpn is en deavoring to correct the condition which this chart portrays, Assis tance in financing purchases of equipment and appliances tp utilize the electricity brought by the new lines is to be given by the rebrgan Ized Electric Home and Farm AU thority. While financing of plumbing and remodeling is within the Jurisdiction of the Federal Housing Ad ministration. ^ *
CO -E D ITS
Today’s room is a great deal smaller than it used to be, allowing only a hand-picked few to reach it. Today there are millions able and willing to work. In fact the numbers may be presented to. us quite forcably when we realize that every young worker who has arrived at working age since 1920 would be superfluous in our existing economic system if everyone were to use the latest and best inventions and improvements.
Naturally, we assume that the workers who do gain heights must have outstanding qualifications. Just what are these and how may we cultivate them*?
ANNOUNCES lOTTIATION Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority announces the initiation of Martha Ann Avery, 'Whiting; Louise Bain, Danville; Etta Wright Best, New Albany; Betty Hegele, Berea, Ohio; Judith Jones, Indianapolis; Marian Lennox, Cleveland Heights, Ohio; Roberta Meguiar, West Lafayette; Martha Reed, LaGrange, Illinois; Ann Steckel, Freeport, N. Y.; Margaret Timberlake, Lafayette.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity announces the initiation of C. E. Bryan, Culver; J. W. Scatterday, Carmel; A. A. Siebenthal, Wolcott; L. S. Hardin, Knightstown; W. C. Kessler, New Ross; C. M. Kessler, New Market; R. S. Harper, Ligonier; M. E. Skihiner, Lafayette; and C. E, Decker, Bluffton.
longed apprenticeships, since advancement is slower and less sure than it ever was before.
'falter Pitkin enumerates ten essentials that seem to yield the best opportunities for a steady rise, and ultimate high achievement. Good health is vital; high energy is necessary because progress is attained only through completing more work of higher quality in a shorter length of time, “There’s no room at the top for the fellow of high energy who hasn’t learned the homely aj-t of plugging along,” continues Mr. Pitkin, “but there’s fine opportunity for people who accomplish things through sheer determination and steady plugging.” In addition to high teclmical training—tomorrow’s leaders must be competent technicians—^the individual must be thorough and have the ability to get along well with people.
No employers .want young people who are merely hunting jobs. They don’t want youths without a plan, but those who know their abilities and interests thoroughly and what they kave to offer employers are those who will go places.
But to continue with Mr. Pitkin’s ten qualifications. He believes that the geneifation now seeking careers must not only be skilled in the arts of using the materials produced, but also be willing to serve pro-
Finally, Walter Pitkin advises young people to “seek careers where the career-seekers are known. Yesterday’s room at the top used to be many stories up in some metropolitan skyscraper. Today’s room at the top is often a friendly little second^fioor, just over the local drug store, or in back of the biggest home-town dry goods
store,”
So, seniors, make your adjustments to the changing world for its opportunities are an ever fluctuating element.—^D.E.McC.
The thinkins fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occasions 26c per passengrer anjr part of the city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO. ■
AtPROPBIA-rE The Belts Tiave come into t own. They have turned the house into a stable and they now call themselves “The Mystic Knights of the Bam”. I suppose the stsMehamds showed the “Pony Chorus” a good time Sunday, though. RECAPITULATION Kappa Sig. Smalley’s brothers (God bless the brothers) passed said Smalley’s ex-girls in review last Sunday when the boys had over about five of these beauties for dinner. Among the lucky girls to occupy seats of honor at his table were Sally McDermott,; Jiidy Jones; and good old Ghi 0 Njlsen. It seem^ he had had only one date With each, And that ain’t all. CONTRIB. FROM btEO ' \ : He met her on-the stairs, . ’Twas dark and so he kissed her, Then -said “I beg your^ pardon, : I thought you were'iiiy sisteri” He, held her dainty hand, . . . .Quito.. glad he, hadn’t missed ^ her, She murmured, “Pray don’t men- , tion it,’’ :' Great Scott! Mt was his sister!! It wasn’t Pifi McCartney’s brother that tried like the very devil to kiss her Saturday night on the Pifi porch, though. The poor lad failed, however—she’s no Purdue co-ed. READ IN O^DER—PLEASE . Hits of the week; r, 1. Lights Out. 2. Goody Goody. ■ ■3. 'Alone. 4: Let Yourself Go. ■ —A. Nother. ^ NEW FlEIHS to; CONQUER Johimy McConnell doesn’t get enough during the week, so gets Moore on Sunday. It’s funny what these Theta pledges will pick up
with.
THERE AIN’T NO JUSTICE : “Love-sick” Baur rushes -Jean Adkins off of her feet, taking her out regularly. Then a co-ed bid dance comes along and she takes Tom Sheets! Boy! did he squeak!!!
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like It. Popular Prices
KEYS ■ ', i Keys for tranks, door locks, desk ******* padlocks. Avt® keys and handle locks a speF. Jos, Mullsaupt & 'Son N®***** Ftf* Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SUNSUY - . MONDAY ': Wheeler and w^ : - “The Ratmmakers” ’ ..-'-.and',: NOAH BEEBy, JR. ■ iii'■ ‘'Stormy”/, -also'. '‘MARCH OP THE- : ,FRE'SIDBNTS’'i,
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SPAERENDAHL Merchamt Tailor 507 Main St.
LYLE E. FISHER Watelimaker This is all We do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Perry St. Opposite New Post Office
DR.
Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4966
Prink Milfe for M®re Kiiergf
Cal JOHNSON ' PhoHe 413351
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building. * S D A I li y
A. Mo IRION Dentist, .4as
■■-
i^p
r '
' w
..;:|?iiilSi!|i
. ^
Southern Trip Martin^ Afmon^ Lucas^ Downey Form Nucleus OfSquod Swiifging into the last week of practice before the regular southern training tour, the Boilermaker baseball squad continued work on fundamentals yesterday afternoon, inspired by the spring weather, about the first the team has witnessed this season. No definite lineup has been announced as yet, since it is the purpose of the spring trip to determine who the best men are for the various positions. Twenty men will leave here oh Friday for Euston, La., to play a four-game series with Louisiana Tech. Eyhlow^ ghmeSy the squad will move to Mississippi to finish the week with a series of encounters with Mississippi State University, a new representative on the Boilermaker schedule. ^ Many Sophs ' ■^ith the Shbeptibh hf four iettermen returning from ^st season’s squad, the team is composed mostly of sophomores. Armon, at third base ahd Bob Lucas, at short stop, _ are thet Wo yeterans in^ ihfield. The group of StOphqmpres who are fighting it out for the reniaihing positiohs are Sines, Suesse, Caldwell. Patch, Walling, Mangas and YOimg.^: " - Depending on tne nay’s hurler, either Yotmg* or Mangas is expected to hold down the first sack. The problem of a catcher is being solved by Krause, a big gridder, and Horan, with the possibilities of Johnson, last year’s reserve, and Scriv■,nor. . The pitching staff is a great deal stronger than last year with three veterans returning. Lefty Martin and Glen Downey, both lettermen from the ’35 squad, and Eiley Shufctleworth, a minor letter winner last year, comprise the list of veterans. The most promising sophomore candidates are Bartz, Mangas and Butt. Bartz and Martin hurl from the port side. . Outfield The outfield will be determined by the hitting ability of the following candidates: Malaska, Mitchell, Holzbach, Knaus, Gardner, Mosier, and Wayne Sandefur. Although the complete spring schedule of games has not been officially released by the University, the conference gaines selected at a meeting of the Big Ten coaches last winter include eleven conference tilts, and Wo games with Notre Dame. The Big Ten season opens writh a game at Chicago on April 15 followed by games with
atea
ilii
AlatoTake Tib M1 T% *1 Butler Relays L. GleMdennmg Runs Fastest Half-Mile Of Career In Medley Relay
By Bill Fifield
BUliard Artist Will Show Trick Shots Here Tonight Oharles C. Peterson, the “bald Paglo” of St. LOuis, peer of billiard authorities and greatest Of all fancy shot artists will aPPenf io the Union 'Billiard roOm tonight to give a demonstration bn the art of the game. Peterson, in addition to his exhibition, will give a talk on the fundamentals of the game and demonstrate some didiCult. and fancy shots to both faculty and'
students.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION ■ . Phi Kappa Psi fraternity an nounces the initiation Of B. Horner, Marion; E. S. Mason, Cincinnati, Ohio; A. P. Taylor, Cleveland, Ohio; J. GrifiBn, Spiceland; J; Maloney, Chicago, 111.; E. H. Meissner, Denver, Colo.; E. Bryant, Indianapolis; P. Antrim^ Indianapolis; J. W, Bailey, Anderson, arid G. Petry, Danville, 111. Illinois, Minnesota, Indiana and Michigan. As the conference games opened, so it will close, with home encounter against the Mar-
oons.
The new diamond is rapidly ropriding into shape, Instead of having home plate' face west, as the former field did, the diamond is in the opposite direction. The new home plate is near the north-west end of Intramural Field so that the third base lirie is parallel to State Street. The conference schedule announced at the meeting of the baseball coaches last winter is as follows and may be subject to change. April 15—-Purdue at Chicago. April 18—-Purdue at Illinois. April 22—^Purdue at Notre Dame April 27-28—Minnesota at Purdue, April 30-MayT—Purdue at Indiana May 8-9—Iridiana at Purdue. May 12—Illinois at Purdue. May 15-^Michigan at Purdue. May 20—^Notre Dame at Purdue. May23-—Chicago at Purdue.
Linco’s Campus Corner
m QBWIM6 CONltsr HELbAT t)EB\UW UNIVERSITY WAS WON BY A STUDENT WHO CHEWED 800 STICKS W GUM AT ONCE.^
Super Service u s ■
EDDIE YUILL
RAY WOOD
University of Michigan , won the fourth annual Butler Eelay meet Saturday night for the third consecutive year by gathering a total of 41 points. Ohio State University finished second with 391/3 points. Jesse Owens, Ohio State flash, was the individual star of the evening, winning three firsts in the 60 yard dash, 60 yard low hurdles and the broad jump, the last being a hev? meet record of 24 fedt and li
inches.
Piridue’s .relay teams placed m the two mile relay duid tiie medley relay. They also ran in the ymile relay but failed to ; cdme through with ariy poirits. Gloriderinirig, arid Biuemel fan. in all racesj which was quite a feat for one everiirig; Other irien on the teams were : Ja^^^ Groory, rind Terhune. V Glendennirig Leads Purdue Lakie Glenderining, running the fastest half of his career, came from behirid to almost defeat the Michigriri rinchor inari' in the medlriy relay. Glendenning, running four yards over a half mile, was clocked by Coach Martin in the time of 1:55 minutes, Other Purdue mefl entered iri the meet were Stalcup and VaughnCatt in the 60 yard drish, and Schilling in the 60 yard high hurdles. None of these men weire able to place. In the final race Birleson, attchor man for Michigan on the mile relay team, spririted the last lap with Beotham of Ohio State to victory by the width of his chest, giving Michigan the title. Indiana Disqualified Indiana University won the medley relay but was disqualified when Lash, the Crimson rinchor man carried the baton in his shirt. Mich igan State was awarded first place; Michigan second and Purdue third No time was recorded for the race Six meet records were bettered and one tied during the meet. In the qualifying trials duririg the afternoon, Jesse Owens missed the twenty-five foot mark in the broad jump by One-half inch, The teams finished in the following order: Michigan, 4l; Ohio State, 391-3; Kansas State Teachers (Emporia), 32; Indiana, 231-3; Kansas State Teachers (Pitts burgh) 211-2; Butler, 20 1-2; Michigan State 13 1-3; Notre Dame 14; Purdue, 6; Ohio University, 6 Michigan Normal, 5; DePauw, 6
Miami, 2. SUMMARY
University Two-Mile Relay—Wpn by Michigan (Starr, Staehle, Brelsford, Davidson) ; second, Ohio State; third, Indiana; fourth, Purdue. Time, 7 minutes 60.6 seconds. (New relay record.) 60-Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Owens (Ohio State) : 'SOTond, Hunt (Michigan) third, Seitz (Ohio State) ; fourth, Dermott (Kansas Statje Teachers of Emporia). Time
6.9 seconds.
Gollege 2-mile Relay—^Won by Kansas State . Teachers ' of Pittsburgh (Young, Blackmore, BMJillon, Brown) ; Butler, second ; Kansas State Teachers of Emporia, third; Miami, fourth. Time 8:12. (New
relay record.)
Shotput—Won by Halleck (Ohio University); second. Dryer (Kansas State Teachers of Emporia); third, Elser (Not--re Dame) ; fourth, Michuta (Notre Dame)
Distance, 48 feet 6 inches.
6(i-yard Dash—Won by Owens (Ohio State) : second, Stoller (Michigan) ;' tiiird. Collier (Indiana); fourth. Grooms (Kansas State Teachers of Emporia). Time, 6.2
seconds.-
University Medley Relay—Won by Michigan State (Culnory, Green, Wright, Dennis) ; second, Michigan; third, Purdue. (Indiana was disQualiiled after winning and no time recorded.) College Medley Relay—Won by Kansas State Teachers of Emporia (Grooms, Frame, Mack, San Romani) ; second, Butler; third, Kansas State Teachers of Pittsburgh; fourth, DePauw. Time,. 10:82. (New relay record.) High Jump—Won by A1 Britton (Ohio State) ; second. Walker (Ohio State); tied for third, Welch (Butler) and Stevens (Kansas State Teachers of Pittsburgh). Height, 6 feet 6 7-8 inches. (New record.) OO-Yard High Hurdles—Won by Caldemeyer (Indiana) ; second, Dermott - (Kansas State Teachers of Emporia); third. Holmes (Butler) ; foui^th. Hunt (Michigan), Time, 7.6 seconds. Pole Vault—Won by Hawthorne (Michigan Normal) second, JHbbs (Notre Dame) I third, Williams (Ohio State) ; fourth, three-' way tie, Anderson (Ohio State), Allen (Michigan Normal) and^Schlamacher (Indiana). Height, 18 feet 8 inches. Four-mile University Relay-—Won by Indiana • (Smith, Applegate, Deckard, Lash); second, Michigan; thiiM, Michigan Sta^: fourth, Butler. Timd 17:68.9. (New relay record.) Gollege l-Mile- Relay—Won by Kansas State Teachers of Emporia (Grooms, Austin, Bridges, Locks) ; second. Kansas State Teachers of Pittsburgh; tied for third, Butler and DePauw. Time, 8-:27.2. (Equals former relay record). Broad Jump—-Won by , Owens (Ohio State): second, Meagher (Notre Dame); i^ird, Stoller (Michigan); fourth, Dittrick (Michigan State). Distance, 24 feet H inches. (New relay record). One-Mile Special Ruii-^Won by Cunningham : second, Trutt (unattached); third, Rice (unattached); fourth, Schumanchowski (unattached). Time, 4:29.4.; University One-Mile Relay-^Won Michigan (Mason. Patton, Aikens, Birl^ son); second, Ohio State; third, Notre Dame, fourth, Indiana. Time, 8:24.2. (Mew relay record).
Lucek Wins AU-Campus Squash Tonniey Defeating Fowler, 3-1 John Lucek, number one on the varsity squash squad, defeated Murray Fowlet in the finals of the All-Canipus handicap squash tourney Saturday afternoon in the faculty gym. Lucek, a sophomore in the E, school plasrilng with a five point handicap against him in each game took the championship match three games to one. The five point handicap almost proved too much for the winner as Fowler is a squash player of no mean caliber. In the semi-final playoffs, Lucek had defeated “Chief” Clevett, and Fowler had won from Allen in the same round. The two losers, Clevett and Allen, will meet in the near future in what should be a riproaring good match for the consolation trophy, a pair of barbed wire
garters.
This toUrnanie:rt incliM^ players on the campus, and has been held in the tiriet tiiree weeksi To preyeiit fecul^ ;rind>; v^ team members from holding too much pf a.n ridvantage, Kriridicaps were placed agairist the' better
players.
University PistoV Tekiit Defeats Illinois Sunad The University pistol team under the direction of Capt. W. L. Kay, of the military department, defeated the University of Illinois team, Ir 383 to 1,325, in a telegraphic match held last week. The competitive rounds were fired in the Armory each afternoon, and the ' results wired to Illinois where they were tabulated. The Illinois scor^ were
also wired here.
Kesslor 2a Points
Furdue^s
Ten
_ champs, continued Ms wide open ^. scoring spree but with mother i team. “Kes^’ sem.d 23 points ^ the Indianapolis Kantskys tvhen
they were
Duffy Florals in 13te championship final for the midwest professional conference.
IPS
' -
^ >f -f
^
VOLLEYBALL TODAY 7:00 Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Upsilon. Delta Chi vs. Theta Chi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Pi Phi:
ssssfmilT :'-->->\lip'‘ r-v f
%cCV''« jMy-'--'--
'St:'
Classiiiid Ads.
^ujdikg ma-CHlNES-^For siae, retti, repaired and bpni^t. Mnltigrapli and mimefiigimpibi work dona 0. P> Sberehoff, 608 Ifein Si PlkoiM Vm»
1'4mni& Racquels Restrung— Prompt service. Best of strings, darl Starasser, 1710 Evere^. Pbone 7332.
NOTICES N« n«neM ■ciMptta eftw • a m*
Stqikoinore Moton—No inspection trip daring school weric which besan March 19. Ail classes meet in classroom at r^larly scheduled hoars. —HALIAM.
Glider Clnb—^Segolar meeting at 7:15 to> morrow night at the airport. Cars will leave Union at 7 for those without transportation. ~WOOD.
Kappa Delta Pi—Meeting at 7 tonight. Election of plages. —ROBBINS.
Mortar Board—No meeting tonight. —LUSTIG.
Orchesia—Compuktry dress rehearsal at 7 tonight. —McKEE.
Y. W. C. A.—Open meeting in faculty lounge at 4 today. Mrs. Brandenburg will review “North to the Orent”, by Anne Lindbergh. —JONES.
Eta kappa Nn—Rough initiation ai 7180 tomorrow night in E. E. ^reading roi^ ' , • , ^ , —BURRELIi. Wesley foundation—Roller skating party Friday night at Maple Point. Trransportation, akates and eats, 26 cents. Buses leave Foundation at 6:80 and 7:16. Sign Up at the Foundation. —DELAPUANE.
StnJent Senate—Meeting at 7:30 tonight in reception room. _ . —STONE.
Co-ed Life Saving—hleet at 7:80 tonight. —RUSSELL.
Military Students—^maining pictures taken of corps will be available in hall of Armory after corps day today. —MILLER.
P. I< A. Men’s Choir—Rehearsal tonight at 7 :i6 in tower room. All unorganized men'privileged to attend. —WHITE.
mscnssion Group—Meetings regularly on Wedn^days instead, of Thursdays. Subject tomorrow, "Pacifism vs. Militarism”. —KUEHN.
Union Workers—Members Of my committee meet in Union office at 4. —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—Members of our committees rei>ort in the sub-basement at 4. —PUGH, QUIGGLE, SCHOLER.
Union Wprkers—Members of our committees report to Walt Scholar in the subbasement at 4. —OHAVER, CLARK. Union Woritera—The following members of my committee report in the Union office at 4: Shelwalter, King, Wetzel, Bryant, Schroeder, Cameron, Kriegbaumm, Wilson, Scheindt, DeWitt, Reed, Bain, Martin, Jarrett, Lyons, Ford, McKinsey, Gillespie, D Morehouse, K. Morehouse, Perkins. —GRIMM.
W. A. A. Basketball—Following games are scheduled at 4 today: large gym— jun iors vs. freshmen; small gym—sophomores vs. seniors. —CHARLES.
Alpha Phi Omega—Open meeting at 7:80 tomorrow in rooms 1 and 2 of Union. —SACHS.
Co-ed Fencing—^All who are in tourney jreport to Women’s Gym promptly at 7 tonight. —HADLEY.
University Choir—Rehearsal at 4 today. —KIMMEL.
Co-ed Volleyball—^Last round of interclass tourney today at 4:30. Freshman, sophomore, junior and senior teams be present. —SCUDDER.
Make any style of clothes. Imported and domestic woolens. Best workmanship. H. BEHEENS 126 N. 6th St. Over Kienly’s
University Tank Team Competes In AAU Meet Coach Larry LaBree and three members of the Purdue swimming team made the journey to the A. A U. .Indiana - Kentucky championswimming meet held at Bloomington Saturday afternoon, and brought back a second in the 100 yard free style and a second in the 150 yard backstroke. Captain Paul Vernor was defeated in his specialty, the 100 yard free style, in a.close race. Kerber was also barely nosed out in the 150 yard backstroke competition. The meet included aquatic stars from the high schools, colleges, and athletic clubs in Kentucky and Indiana. Competition in all divisions of the meet with stiff, and all of the
races were close.
■;Ca^et Officers^ji ballrbcm,;' 12.' nopRi’;';', ; kappa Djelta PL’Meetiiig^ Education Building, 7 to 8 p. Ra. J - , , Ppimairy * - Obuncill' Dlnnetr^n^ge,’ Union peasant room an4 “rboma 1 and 2, 6:30 p. nj. ^ Undergraduate ibames Bridge Party, Union faculty lobnge, 8 p. m , , Ti^orrow Ag Staff, Methods of Teaching, Union faculty lounge, 7:30 p. m. Druggists’ Business Conference, Union ballroom, all day; dinner meeting 6:30 p, m. Entomology Meeting, Union faculty Ibunge, 7:30 p. m. Eta Kappa Nu Informal Initiation, E. E. Building, reading room, 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. OrcheSis Guest Night, Women's Gym, 8 to 9:30 p. m. S. P. E. E. Meeting, Michael Golden Shops, room 101, 7 to 9 p. m. Thursday A. Ch. S. Meeting, Chemistry Building, room 106, 7 p. m." Diesel Engines Conference, E. E, and M. E. Buildings, Prof, knapp. Industrial Education Society Meeting, Michael Golden Shops, 7 to 8 p. m. Druggists’ Conference Union ballroom, all day. Pharmacy Extension Department Address by Dr. H. W. Haggard, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7 to 10 p. m. W. A. A. Winter Sports Banquet, Home Economics Building, Cafe, 6
p. m.
Friday Agronomy Seminar, Ag. Building, room 201, 4 p. .m., “New Developments in Soil”, H. H. Ulrich. Alpha Kappa Lambda Radio Dance, Chapter House, 9 to 12. Diesel Engines Conference, E. E. and M. E. Buildings, Prof. Knapp. Druggists’ Conference Union faculty lounge, 9 a. m. Indiana Well Drillers’ Meeting, Union rooms 1 and 2, 9:30 a. m.; Lrmcheon, Union reception room, 12
noon.
Phi Kappa Tau Formal Dance, Chapter House, 9:30 to 12:30. Sigma Alpha Epsilon Dinner-
Hi^ favhl?ttelf’ebTedkbn;lik;lsMn^. ■bbiieyes :e,dudatibil' shbuld’.M.,cb^?hined .with, a,f mddli; ti’akbl''iakj;p®^£ sihl&'^hasHiked'' kil’:"ithroi|gh'VtHb east aiid |Rtb the, hqrt$ s and jbhe Ozarke.f kib favorite. spbH is basebail^r-^ed to. |iiiay first hbsk vnth a community li^seHail team in Peoria. Hie knjoVs smoknfg-^'vms lots ef pip69~never smokes cigars pr cigaretoes-rrand didn’t learn to smoke at all' imtil after he had left
college.
He is descended from an old Irish family and his favorite colotj. naturally enough, is green.. He likes to listen to symphonic mvisic-t-4jis mother was a concert pianist and he studied the piano under her. He enjoys his teaching work and consequently supplies interesting lec tures .to his students. He believes in diversification in education instead of over-specialization in technical work—thinks history and literature should be taught together, since onp parallels the other.
GOLD AND BLACK TODAY 4:00 Intramural Field Phi Kappa Tau vs. Winner (Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho). Pi Kappa Phi vs. Loser (Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho). Dance, Chapter House, 9 to 1. Style Show Dance, Union ballroom, 9 to 12. Saturday Spring Vacation Begins at 12 noon. American Literary Society Din-ner-Bridge, Union peasant room and faculty lounge, 6:30 p. m. Kappa Kappa Gamma Banquet, Union, 6:30 p. m. Michigan State Alumni Dinner, Union, 6:30 p. m.
ernoon at 4 o’clock., The pro^am is in charge of Mildred Mills, new Vice president, while Martha Wood, a 'in|roducb;_|he;.‘^l^bii^|i..V; i Pi Beto' Pht'kordrii^^-nhuonnees the initiation oi ^lehMibi^. llehtpR; Shelbytille; iiilayieriesgfl^Qcker, Haihmohdl lioib Bibyv; Park Rtiidgbt III;; JKate Busard, Alice Craig, Indianapolis; Betty Driscoll, Lafayette; Martha Gillespie, Miami, Okla.;. Marian Kidd, Lafayette;- Betty Klein, Mislmwdka; Sara jLlice McIntosh, West Lafayette; Gebrgiana Pittman, Indianapolis; Kena Schroeder, Cheyenne, Wyo*l Ruth Wiley, West tiafayette; and Martha Wood, West Lafayette.
list
-,HARGLD-'-Ji _
' r-f.. , .
, ‘ ",
. ' '..r . '
.;|ewelerjaiid. Opitonieti^i: ;; 504 Bfain Street
■ ’ 1 ' ' '
SHNlORSt We' aa»k« toaPe&tioa.pIehavM fw 91.iB per dozen, ^eetal price, en lele 9t flftp or more. , '• Rembrandt Studio 19S Vine BL. W. Lafspaite
WBAA Voiar 11:00—Charles Schopp, tenor. 11:20—Frank Hall, Newscaster. 11:80—Charlotte Stewart, soprano. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Cheihistry Today. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12:80—^McLean Trio. 12:46—^Everyday Sociology. 1:00—Mechanical Engineering Shop. 1:16—Just A Stranger. 1:30—The Treasure Chest. 1:46—^Final Markets.
MEBrr A cah
if a Sarndwieli a Oafimk then a CHOP STEAK I'Oc at til® Trip!® XXX ROOT BEER (free matches) '
BEIYE IT YOURSELF"^ LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Bates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Driv® Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6458
'zie^ieS
Luckies ore less acid
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO -"IT’S TOASTED"
SCIENTIFIC BLENDING The blending of tobaccos to secure a given taste—uniformly, season after seoson and year after year—is both on art and a science. Every fresh blending of Lucky Strike tobacco contains more than 100 different types produced on thousands of different farms—not only in Virginia, North and South Carolina, Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Maryland and other States, but tobacco-lands in Macedonia and Xanthia in Greece, Smyrna and Samsoun in Turkey— where the finest Turkish tobacco is grown.
Excess of Acidity of Other Popular Brands Over LuckyStrike Cigarettes
BALANCE
LUC KY ST R I K E
BRAND B
BRAND
BRA N D
//
IT’S TOASTED"-Your throat protection-against irritation
-against cough
Copyright 1986, The Awwlcan Tobaew Company