V
* “/
/
Star Xylophonist..
Purdue Exp>onent
TUESDAY October 4, 1998 Lafayette, ttufiona
VoLSO
No. 18
Reorganize Activities Bureau To Form
. . . Fred C. Baase recently appointed Master Musician by Band Director Spotts Emrick. Convo Tickets For Faculty, Public Go On Sale For $3.50 Season tickets for University convocations went on sale Saturday at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. These are sold to the members of the staff and to a limited number of townspeople at $3.50 each. No reserved seats will be sold to anyone. Seniors and freshmen only will be admitted the first night to convocations that are presented on two successive nights, and juniors and sophomores only the second night. Student admission is by passport only, the color of the passport identifying the student’s class. All of the passports and tickets are good for admission to single night convocations, but are not transferable. 100 To Townsfolk Since seniors and freshmen outnumber the juniors and sophomores by just one hundred, one hundred seats are being sold to townspeople for second nights only. Staff tickets are divided between the two nights; green tickets admit to first nights, blue tickets to second nights. In case a student or staff member feels that it is impossible to attend the convocation to which his passport or season ticket admits him but urgently desires to attend the duplicate concei't, he may deposit his passport or ticket with Prof. J. T. Gunn at his office, 213 Purdue Hall, or with Miss Stover, committee secretary, in the history department office, and receive a single admission ticket for the convocation desiied. Aft^r both performances are over, the passport or ticket is to be called for at the office where it has been deposited. If this privilege becomes burdensome or starts to crowd either performance, the committee reserves the right to withdraw it entirely. Seniors Must Keep Debris Schedules “Seniors must keep to the Debris picture taking schedules as printed in the Exponent,” stated Fred Winter, Editor-in-chief of the Debris. Senior sittings for the 1939 Debris began yesterday with a poor percentage of seniors present. As Jerry Carlon,’photographer, will be available for a limited time only, it is imperative that all seniors be present at the scheduled time. Seniors who have a schedule conflict should report the conflict to the Debris office immediately, on the second floor of the Union Building. Carlon will not return to take late pictures this year. Crepps Returns From Meeting At Washington Prof. R. B. Crepps of the civil engineering school has just returned from a two-day meeting of the American Society of Testing Materials committee on “Masonry Mortars.” The meeting was held over the week-end at the National Bureau of Standards in Washington, D. C. The committee is a six-member group of experts interested in the use of masonry mortars.
By Director Emridc Because of his outstanding solo work as xylophonist with the symphonic band and his directing ability, Fred C. Baase has been appointed to the rank of master musician, by Director P. S. Emrick. Baase is also a 2nd lieutenant and assistant director of the military band. Other honorary musical ranks, gained by proficiency in playing, technical knowledge of arranging, and general knowledge of music were given to the following men: Chief musician: C. A. Reichelderfer and C. J. Camp. Superior musicians: W. H. Deitch, J. N. Tait, J. T. Agnew, W. H. Smith and J. W. Claypool. Others Chosen Principal musicians: C. A. Heidbreder, H. F. Schutte, H. A. Todd, 0. C. Hathaway, J. L. Hackleman, R. W. Bonner, and R. A. Krull. Musicians: R. A. Spraker, E. C. Knight, H. L. Minkler, W. A. Woods, G. W. Jaap, H. J. Massingham, I. R. Dudley, J. R. Newgard, and P. E. Hassler. Committee Calls For Rhodes Scholarship Applications Nov. 5 Applications for Rhodes scholarships this year must be in the hands of the secretary of the state committee not later than November 6. According to the will of John Cecil Rhodes, 32 scholarships tenable at the University of Oxford, London, are assigned annually to the United States. In order to be eligible a candidate must be a male citizen of the United States and unmarried, be between the ages of 19 and 25 on October 1, 1939, and have completed at least his sophomore year by the time of application. Further information on Rhodes scholarships may be obtained fi’om notices posted on the bulletin boards of the various University buildings. Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the history, government, and economics department, is the University Rhodes scholarship representative. Copies of the memorandum^ of regulations, application blanks, and all other information may be obtained from him. Prof. Robbins Gives Grain Instrudion At Statb Farm Pi of. F. E. Robbins of the agronomy department spent Saturday at the reformatory at Pendleton and at the state farm at Putnamville. He gave instruction in commercial grading of wheat to the officials who have charge of grain work at these institutions.
Separate New Student Service Project
Reamers Pick Five Juniors, Three Seniors The Reamer Club, athletic honorary for independent students, pledged eight men—^three seniors and five juniors—at a meeting held last night in the reception room of the Union. The initiates chosen were: Bob Heine Rolfe Jenkins Bill Kroeplin Art Levin John Nitsche Ralph Reiley Don Rice Don Wells Under the direction of President Bob Jacks a new method of selecting Reamer pledges was used this year. A five-man interviewing committee, over a period of two weeks, personally contacted 50 prospective Reamer men. From this group 20 were invited to last night’s meeting. The eight pledges were selected from the final 20 men. Twin City Stations To Broadcast Game According to word received from Minneapolis, definite arrangements have already been completed to have the Purdue-Minnesota football fracas next Saturday broadcast by radio stations WCCO, KSTP, WTCN, and WLB, all located in Minneapolis and St. Paul. There is also the possibility that the game may be broadcast by the CBS chain, with Ted Husing at the i^icrophone.
onthe ■ air
tonight
WBAA will also recreate the game in their local studios for a special broadcast. Reports on the game will come to WBAA through special arrangement with Western Union. Heher L, Getts,.. . . died of pneumonia Sunday afternoon at the Home Hospital in Lafayette. He was a senior in the agriculture school and was 21 years old. He had been in the hospital since last Friday morning. Getts is survived by his father and mother, Mr. and \lrs. John Getts, and a sister, all of the home in Ashley. The body was taken to Kendallville Sunday evening, and was accompanied by his father and graduate students John R. Hayes and M. G. Smith.
7:00—Johnny Presents WMAQ. 7:30—Jolson’s Show WBBM. 8:00—We, the People WBBM. 8:30—Benny Goodman WBBM. 9:00—Bob Hope’s Show WMAQ. 9:30—Sports Huddle WBBM. 10:00—Allston’s Orch. WBBM. 10:30—Lyman’s Orch. WMAQ. 11:00—Himber’s Orch. WMAQ. 11:30—Barrie’s Orchestra WBBM. 12:00—Long’s Orchestra WLW. 6,778 Students Hit Record Enrollment High; 1,213 Co-eds With 6,778 students registered by October 1, final date for current semester registration, the University again has the largest enrollment in its history. This number is 602 over the total for the same date last year ,and represents a gain of 10 per cent, Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, announced yesterday. This is the third Consecutive year that the University has made exceptionally large gains in enrollment. Women students now number 1,213 against a total of 1,056 last year, a gain of 15 per cent in the number of co-eds. All Schools Gain The increase extended to practically every school in the University, with large gains in the graduate school, and among undergraduates in home economics and mechanical engineering. The freshman class, which last year numbered 2,091, went up to 2,150 this year. The number of agricultural students this year jumped from 760 to 829; the number of all engineering undergraduates increased from 3,433 to 3,611. Pharmacy remained practically the same, dropping from 162 to 161. Science enrollment jumped from 728 to 791; home economics from 666 to 791; physical education from 119 to 132; trade and ihdustrial education, from 20 to 41. Total undergraduate enrollment is 6,357. Enrollment in the graduate school of 59 women and 362 men coupled with the undergraduate enrollment makes the grand total of 6,778. Zouaves Drill For
Co-ed Rush Continues Today Rookies At Meeting
Informal dinners today and tomorrow evening, are following the formal rush teas given by the University’s seven sororities last Saturday afternoon. Preference night, which is Thursday, will be preceded by formal dinners at each house. Flowers and candles are the only decorations allowed on the dinner tables according to Pan-Hellenic regulations. However favors, not exceeding $1.00 in value, may be presented to rushees on preference night. Alpha Chi Omega will entertain girls at dinners planned by Betty Hixon, Louise Daniels and Marian Kristjanson. Jane Flegg is rush chairman. Alpha Xi Delta sorority will con^tinue its rushing plans with a carnival party tonight and a radio party tomorrow night. Thursday night they will havg their formal rose dinner and decorations wilf be carlied out in rose and white. Pearl Jackson is in charge of the formal dinner. Beth McCool, Chi Omega rush chairman announced that hors d’-
oeuvres would be served in the living room before each dinner. Georgianna Baker is assisting with the flower decorations. Ruth Swift and Jane Fishleigh will provide musical entertainment later in the evening. Kappa Alpha Theta’s harvest dinner will begin sorority rush on the river road. Virginia Hulse, social chairman, has planned southern and Swedish dinners for the remainder of the week. An Italian, Mexican, and a unique dinner without uterfsils are in store for rushees at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house. Helen McQueen, as rush chairman, is being assisted with decorations by Jo Thomas. The southern plantation idea built around tradition will be the scheme carried out by Phi Mu at its southern formal dinner Thursday night. Their decorations also will be in rose and white. Co-chairmans of the food committee are Edith Whinery and Mai-ie Byers. Dsi^urations committee chairman is Mary Schnaible.
An exhibition drill by the active members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves featured the semester’s first formal meeting of the organization, which was held last night in the Armory. Fifty prospective members turned out for the session and were addressed by Capt. Frank Hurst, executive officer, who outlined in detail the activities of the group. Following the talk, the newcomers went out on the drill floor of the Armory to watch the actives go through their drills. Freshmen who did not attend the first meeting and are interested in the squad are urged to report to the Armory any afternoon this week between 4 and 5 o’clock. Several vacancies are yet to be filled, Capt. Hurst reports.
THE WEATHER
Senate Will Discuss Plans Tonight; Jacobson Appointed Senior Director Student activities leaders, representing more than 2,000 activities people, met in the Student Union Building last night and unanimously agreed to start a separate student activity to be known as the Activities Bureau, The term Activities Bureau came into being last year when such a Bureau was operated as a Student Union project. Activities leaders agreed that such a project is highly worth while and is in position to render useful service. It WUS dCClded, hOWCVCr, that SUCh
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and warmer today. Tomorrow, cloudy and continued warm.
Rehearsals To Begin After Selection Of 'Room Service' Cast Playshop’s “Room Service” will bring a number of new faces and campus personalities to the stage. H. Kenn Carmichael, director of the play, has completed character tryouts and rehearsals are now under way in Fowler Hall. The cast for “Room Service” as selected from auditions by H. Kenn Carmichael is: Adele Bardach, Ann Sickman, Haskell Metz, Maurice Bernhard, Robert Peterson, R. A. Fink, Charles Hart, Richard Coleman, Hugh Gommel, L. E. Morrison, Walker Curry, Albert Rogers, Willis Wells, and Alex Nutkowjtz. October 26th is the opening date for this production, Playshop’s first show of the year. All tickets and money for Playshop tickets should be turned in to the Playshop office by 5:00 p. m. today. Foresters Arrange Steak Fry Tonight Foresters will hold their annual steak fry this afternoon and evening at Cary Boy Scout Camp. The sizzling steaks are featured on the menu which will be bolstered plentifully by the foresters. A program of touchball and interclas^ softball will precede the dinner to whet the appetites of the frolicking foresters. Buses will transport ticket holders from the Horitculture Building at 4:30 and 5:30 p. m. to the Cary Boy Scout Camp. Evening campfire and rollicking entertainment were promised by Bennie Burns, director. John Nichols and his committee have tickets priced at 15c for members and 25c for nonmembers of the Forestry Club. All tickets must be purchased before noon today. Radio Club Elects Two Officers At Meeting Over 65 hams and radio enthusiasts attended the second meeting of the Purdue Radio Club held last Tuesday. At the meeting W. W. Binford was elected secretary-trea-surer, and G. M. Adams was elected vice-president. Announcement of the programs for the coming year was made by President Kittner, who presided over the meeting. In conjunction with the plan for the coming year, a questionnaire was given to each person attending the meeting. Out of the 65 individuals questioned, 23 held class A amateur licenses and 22 held class B licenses. Debris Staff To Hear 'Sales Personality'-Lull P. E. Lull, of the speech department, will address the Debris business staff this afternoon at 4 p. jn. in room B of the Union. Lull will speak on “Sales Personality” with special reference to the impression the salesman makes on his custom^
an activity was too much of an undertaking for one organization to back. Rather, the Bureau should be set up as an independent activity with officers and staff of its own. Activities Heads Present Those in attendance at the organization meeting were G. W. Matthews, Sally McKee, W. Feldman, H. I. Stanback, S. Mason, D. K. Wells, C. G. Elliott, T. D. Cabonar- - gi, B. Edwards, L. A. Jacobson, Van Coddington, V. Hruby, L. S. Hardin, R. I. Schumaker, Mary Alice Learning, F. W. Winter, F. C. Ahrens, P. Worcester, J. H. Jacobi, and R. P. Manion. From this assembled group, a tentative advisory board was chosen to serve in guiding and setting up the activity. The board consists of Mary Alice Learning, WSGA; Ted Cabonargi, Union; Lowell Hardin, Exponent; Don Wells, PI A; Fred Ahrens, dramatics; Paul Worcester, music; Gerald Elliott, Senate; Fred Winter, Debris. Jacobson Director Unanimous selection for director of the new Bureau was last year’s Union manager Leon Jacobson. Other officers are not yet chosen. The constitution for the new activity Avill be brought up for Student Senate consideration at their meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 tonight. Exponent Offers Chance To Sophs Sophomores who have had experience on either the Exponent staff or upon their high school paper or yearbook may attend the Exponent meeting tonight at 7:15 in room A of the Union Building. With the editorial staff doing the majority of their work in the Union Building this year, the hours are much easier upon the individual. Lowell Hardin, managing editor of the Exponent, will speak', explaining the work, schedule, and hours. All sophomores now working on the paper should attend this meeting. Schedules will be necessary. The freshman meeting which was scheduled for Thursday has been postponed until next week. The date and place will be announced later in the Exponent. Coach Reeck Meets Boilermaker Mat Men In Fieldhouse Coach Claude Reeck and hie grunting artists of the mat held their first meeting last night in the^ Fieldhouse. Because of Reeck's present position as freshman football assistant, there will not be any'^ active competition until after the current football season. Reeck encouraged the freshmen, as well as last year’s men, to work out at least twice a week to be in shape for the all-campus tournament which will be held in the Fieldhouse the week of October 26. Among those returning are Dawson, Sieber, Allman, Graham, Roth, Poll, Rollins, Willey, Post, Gossard, Toth, Juska, and Rossi.^diJtoJdai
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J>catuhoA
Tuesday, October 4, 1938
An Activities Bureau ... begun on a small scale last year under the protective wing of the Student Union, threatened last night to blossom forth into a fullfledged activity in its own right. The threats developed into what seems almost a sure thing as the evening progressed. Leaders of student organizations representing approximately 2,000 students in activities met to hear and discuss plans which with their approval, Student Senate approval, and a University OK will set up the “Purdue Activities Bureau.” Purposes of this new Bureau, in which part, will be to “encourage activity participation by a greater number of eligible students, to assist in selecting their own types of participation, and to assist activity leaders in solving personnel and organization problems.” Those purposes are quoted from a tentative constitution submitted at the meeting as a basis for setting up the Bureau. An advisory board of eight persons was set up last night to organize the Bureau. This board, the membership of which is as yet tentative, will serve permanently as part of the Bureau staff. This board will decide just what the specific work and duties of the Bureau shall be. Many things have been suggested. A definite program will be worked out soon. Chief sentiments voiced last night were that the Bureau should not try to coordinate activities or try to dominate them. Rather the Bureau should be subservient to other activities and act as a sort of personnel clearing house for each of them. Advisory board members last night appointed Leon Jacobson senior Director. His appointment was made because the board, who later will have the power to elect, felt that he was the logical man... partly because he served last year as Union vice-president in charge of the Union activities bureau, and because he is best acquainted with the purposes and proposed work of the new organization. Other junior and senior members of the Bureau staff will be selected in the near future. Plans for this are not yet complete, but announcements will come soon. Many details concerning this Activities Bureau are still not definitely arranged. One
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ■ Boston ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor . ., - D, A. Bailey Associate Editors.. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.. - .. j M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager — V. Daugher^ National Advertising Manager — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager— W. K Smith Art Director. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors - Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. _ - R, L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in ff, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editir—Insley Issue Editor—Vates Tuesday, October 4, 1938
According to the announcements being made, the University social season is about to really begin on a large scale. Of course plans for the Gold-Diggers Ball have already been largely discussed, and the lads roaming around with pleased expressions on their faces are the lads who have already had some shy maiden pop the question. However, not many co-eds seem to have decided upon their escorts for the evening of the 14th yet, so if you are as yet undated, have faith. There is yet a super chance of your being discovered. —H-H— Theta Chi Don Vance, who is in charge of publicity for the Military Ball, should be making the name of the featured band known before long. The military dance, which is the first strictly formal of the year, is set for November 11. —H-H— The rumor-bird told us yestei day that Clyde McCoy and his band have been signed to play for the Barnyard Frolic, novelty dance festival scheduled for the 28th of this
month. This dance', which is sponsored by the Newman Club, is a fun frolic of the most unusual type. —H-H— Two of last June’s popular graduates were on the campus this past week-end. Mary Jean Light, former co-ed Debris editor, was a guest at the Pi Phi house and Virginia Richards, who is now engaged in the teaching profession spent Saturday and Sunday at the Alpha Chi house. —H-H— One of the first pledge dances of the year will be the SAE dance this Saturday night at the chapter house. Hayrides seem to be coming into favor as means of recreation. The Delts are having a hayride on Friday night and the Betas will give a similar party on Saturday night. —H-H— Cleveland Hop at its best was personified by Sigma Nu Frazee and his dancing partner at last Saturday’s mixer. Frazee, who is a new Gimlet pledge, should be added to your list of best swingers and swayers. —H-H— The rooms aie neat and so very clean, the girls are groomed in a very extra special manner, the food IS about the best tasted since school began, the house is made more at-
tractive with flowers, every one is concentrating on YOU. You are a rushee, and these are your days!
New York University is now offering degree-credit courses in safety education.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
THUNOEH Qt. ^ STEEL ilSOFSS ^
RIclKird AR LE N Mary ASTO R UomI STAMPER
—ALSO— “Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
TYPEWRITERS—All makea, etandard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main str^t.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy---we print and you are ready to maiL Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co. BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia. CALL 7828 and order a case of 820— economy toilet roll $4.60.
idnnfisra NOW SHOWING Swthwts of "Tost Pilot" in their most oxdting tbrili~ romance f C&si GBBU
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 18%xl3% only $8 60 per case Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co FOR EENT^—Single room for rent, 919 N. Salisbury St Phone 41981
WANTED—Alto Sax^ men for campus band. Call 4944.
• FOR RENT: Half of double room One block from Armory 46761— 223 Waldron.
LOST—A billfold between University Hall and Recitation Building between 8 and 11 Monday A M. Finder please return to Oscar 8. Hufnagel, Phi Kappa Sigma Fraternity. Phone 6426. Reward.
HANDU WALTER PIDGEON WALTER CONNOLLY LEO CARRILLO MrKtG4 by CK CONWAY
day’s Exponent can not completely cover or even clearly explain the Bureau. Therefore we hope to publicize it many more times, both editorially and reportorially. Student or faculty comment is invited—the Student Senate will discuss the Bureau tonight and it extends invitation to attend the meeting and join the discussion.
Last Saturday night a couple of BUD BRYANT’S boys were comparing IRVAN MAURY’S band to their own. They said that MAURY had a good band but he still had a few rough edges to smooth off.
It looks as if BRYANT’S boys are now considering” themselves as rough edges. Believe it or not our co-eds are becoming nationally known. It seems that little BEVERLIE RICE is having a series of her pictures taken to be judged, and if accepted will appear in Life. The pictures are supposed to represent a typical Purdue co-ed at her daily task, this, of course will not include her activities in the Bum Room or like places, so relax girls. If you Joes have noticed the conspicuous absence of co-eds in the Sweet Shop this week we’ll try to ease you. It is not because they are turning students and going home after class, but because they are not allowed in the Union this week. The Freshmen are choosing their sororities this week in the Union, and Women’s Pan Association is afraid that the Sorority gals will interfere—isn’t that preposterous? One of the Theta rushees went up to the Phi Kappa Tau house and wanted to know if tea was being served. We hope that the gal was not disappointed when she finally discovered her mistake.
NOW SHOWING TWO MORE DAYS
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
—PLUS— “Czechoslovakia on Parade” Traveltalk in Color
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Them Canal Streeters say it’s only their fall maneuvers, but we better keep an eye on ’em!”
1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Good Language, Prof. Otto Greiner. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—Concert Review. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:46—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Indianapolis Symphony Talk, Edith Mills. 3:16—Melody Moments. 3:30—Interesting People in the News. 4:00'—The Magic Carpet. 4:16—Stinson Bros. 4:30—Prof. Charles Murphy, the Town Forum. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
—Today — 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security Talk. 11:35—The Jlome Makers. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Court of Safety, Bill Ash. 12:16—Jim Hoffman, pianist. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Electric Shop.
c A
LEAN,
PPETIZING FOOD WITH
AST SERVICE IN AN
NJOYABLE ATMOSPHERE.
WO LINES TO SERVE YOU AT
CONOMICAL PRICES.
EGULAR MEALS TO SUIT
F E T E R
INDVIDUAL TASTES WITH AN Assortment of fine foods. THE CAFETERIA JhsL (PWtdjJUL ^yyiiUTuo^ioL UniofL The Corner of the Campus--^ Yet the Center of ActivitiesTuesday. October 4, 1938
THE PURDUE
SpOiiA.
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Plan To Match Speed With Power
After starting out the season by scoring consistently three touchdowns to their opponents’ one, the Boilermakers face the real test this week-end . . . the ]IM(innesota Gophers seem to have another power house eleven this year and Purdue has shown flashes of power in the chalking up of two wins . . . now to consult an astrologer and see what that adds up to. —^fc— Five of Pradue’s future headaches on the gridiron this season turned in impressive records last Saturday . . . the Gophers garnered sweet revenge for last season’s defeat by Nebraska, following up an opening win over Washington . , . Fordham rolled up a topheavy score over Upsala . . . Wisconsin handed Marquette a 27-0 shellacking . . . Ohio State also gained revenge, in downing Indiana . . . Indiana, however, showed up equally as strong as the Buckeyes to the experts . . . just some more cheerful news for Mai Elward to ponder over in the
restful silence of the evening. —^fc— For the first time in 18 straight games, Paul Humphrey sat on the sidelines Saturday instead of being in the starting lineup ... ever since he became eligible for jvarsity play as a sophomore, Humphrey had been in at center for the opening kickoff His injured wrist, memoir of the Detroit game, caused the break in his enviable record. —^fc—
In Big Ten Opener Against Minnesota Saturday
WAA News Tony Juska...
By Marjorie Couter
Jack Brown, fleet touchdown magnate for Purdue, was paid a real compliment after the Detroit game by Gus Dorais, Titan coach ... he said, “So far as I can recall, that’s the first time since I’ve been coaching that one, of my ends has ever been circled for a touchdown in that manner. Once Brown got into the clear, he just outran ’em.”
Several of the WAA activity leaders have planned meetings this week. All girls interested in swimming can get suits and lockers at the Women’s Gymnasium desk. An instructor and a lifeguard from the lifesaving Corps will be at the pool every weekday afternoon. Although instruction is giveii from 4 to 4:30, all co-eds can swim in the open meeting from 4:30 to 6. Recreational swimming will also be open on Thursday evening from 7 until 9 o’clock.
Of the 150,000 seniors graduated from U. S. colleges and universities last spring, 12 per cent were NYA students.
Hockey will start at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday afternoons; and dance instruction will be given on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday afternoons at 4 o’clock, and also on Thursday evening. On Monday and Friday afternoons, the archery range will be used by those co-eds who have had instruction in archery, but on Wednesday the range is open to ^ girls.
Performances Of Ted Tykocki, Mike Byelene In Buffer Game Prove Riveters Plentiful With Good Backs That Can Pass Against Gopher Powerhouse
Mai Elward Considers Use Of Two Complete Sets
Of Backs To Keep Attack Functioning At Top Speed
Speed will be matched against power next Saturday at Minneapolis, Minn., as the Boilermakers enter their initial Big Ten tilt of the season against Minnesota’s rugged title defenders. • Fully aware that a blistering pace provides the Riveters with the main hope against the Gophers, Coach Mai Elward plans a type of offense that will make use of the Boilermaker’s unusually speedy, though inexperienced, team. I OuC pluU ElwUrd COUslderS IS th^
Intramural Notices
SOFTB\LL
Tuesday, October 4
t^inL £0 /^cULm/C^
ONLY
MODERN STYLING... “Superscreamed”. Modern colors. Grip fits your fingers.
%
Meeting Saturday WAA would like all the girls who are interested to meet at the club cabin on Saturday afternoon at 1:30 Any time before Saturday the girls can sign up on the bulletin board in the lobby. Beginning next Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock, a camp craft course will be given in the lecture room at the Women’s Gymnasium. First aid instruction by Dr. Rose will be one feature of the program. Other details will be planned at the meeting on Monday. Triton Club will begin its year’s program on Tuesday, October 11 at 7:30. All the old members and all the co-eds who wish to try out are invited to attend the swim and the business meeting which will follow.
. . . Boilermaker senior fullback, who probably will see action in one of the Boilermakers’ “alternating” backfields against the Minnesota Gophers at Minneapolis, Minn., next Saturday.
Diamond
use of two complete backfields in ail effort to keep the running attack going at top speed throughout thd game. The performances of Ted Ty-^ kocki and Mike Byelene, sophomore backs, in the Butler game last Saturday increased the possibility that Mai will use two sets of backs.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
~511 Ferry St. Phone 7828
All kinds of printing from a call-
ing cat d to a High School Annual
1— Ward 7 vs. Ward 11. 2— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 3— ^Ward 1 vs. Ward 4. 4— ^Ward 2 vs. Ward 12. 5— Ward 6 vs. Ward 10. 6— Ward 6 vs. Ward 11. 7— Ward 8 vs. Ward 13. 8— Beta Theta Pi vsJ Phi Sigma Kappa. - 9— ^Ward 9 vs. Ward 15. 10_Ward IX vs. Ward 7X. 11— Ward 2X vs. Ward 14. 12— Ward lOX vs. Ward 5. 13— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 8. 14_Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 9. 15— Cary Hall 4 vs. Caiy Hall 10. 16— Phi Gamma Delta vs.- Theta Xi. 17— Cai-y Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 7. 18— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 6.
Two Backfields
One combination included Ted Hennis at quarterback. Jack Browii and Lou Brock at halfbacks, ana Tony Ippolito at fullback. Henni$ has been acclaimed as the be^ blocker in the Big Ten, and the performances of Brock and Brow^ against Detroit and Butler showed the pair to be brilliant performer^ Ippolito, senior fullback, is a hard plunger, stout defensive man and i. deadly blocker who has apparently rid himself of a troublesome shouK der injury.
Speed to Burn
CONSTANT INK CONTROL ... One stroke fills pen. Fast-starting. Steady ink-flow. INK-WINDOW.
You Will Make a
Other pens from
$5
TO
$290
YOUR PENPOINT... Handcrafted, 14 kt., solid-gold, iridiumtipped points suit yourwriting.
BIG HIT
l—THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR tFAT^iMAN’S INK
If You Take Her to the
GREEN GABLES
For a Snack It's On the Levee
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Tuesday, October 4 4:15
The other backfield quartet wiD have speed to burn, with “Red| Shackleton at quarterback; Ted Ty|kocki or Jim Nesbitt at left hal^ back, Mike Byelene at right halfback, and Frank WincheU, Leo|i DeWitte, and Tony JuSka altemaf|ing at fullback. j
Brackman vs. Brinduse. A. Johnston vs. Deutman. J. H. Johnson vs. G. J. Frey. Hindman vs. Richards or Powell. Pruitt vs. Klein or Miller. Lucht vs. E. Vaughan or Disher. E. Vaughn vs. Martin or Stradling. Darner vs. Don Hall or Berry.
Although emphasis has been placed on speed in the running attack, Elward pointed out that any hopes Purdue may have of yfiiming Saturday will hinge upon the play of the Boilermaker forward wall. .
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
A majority of Rollins College sti^dents and faculty members hav^ voted to abolish football as an intercollegiate sport. I
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 4
00—Adamec, S F. 05—Anderson, R. L. :10—Atchley, K. L. 15—Baase, F. C 20—Bailey, J. W. 25—Bank, C. J. 30—Bender, P. L 35—Best, J. W 40—Biliman, L S :45—Beemer, Jeanne :50—Albright, G. 55—Bataille, J. 00—Binford, W. W. :05—Bonewit, H. 10—Boothby, W. B. : 1 5—Boroviak, L. C. 20—Botney, A. 25—Brown, C. W. 30—’Brown, G. W. :35—Brown, C. W. 40—Buck, R. H. 45—Bushong, R. J. :50'—Carr, R. J. :55—Case, P. W. :00—Bacharach, S. S. :05—Baker, j. D. :10—Bayles, G. M. :15—Becker, J. C. :20—Bell, M. :25—Berkhelser :30—Blitz, D. :35—Bodeau, A. :40—Booth, D. E. :45—Bowles, H. G. :50—Bradley, E. E. ;55-’—Briscoe, W. F.
1 I ;00—Blocker, Marjorie 1 1:05—Byers, Marie 11:10—Carson, Martha 11:1 5—Cleveland, jary 1 1 :20—Calven, Gertrude 1 1:25—Bennett, C. A. 1 I :30—Brown, J. j. 1 1 ;35—Bryant, R. ]. 1 1 :40—Buechler, R 11:45—Burroff, R. L. 11:5©i—Catbonagi, T. D. 1 ;00—Bentley, D. R. 1 :05—Blaker, L. G. 1:10—Bosshard, J. W. 1:15—Bowers, C. H 1:20—Bredewater, A. j. 1 :25—Bredewater, A. R. 1:30—Burkhardt, H. E. 1 ;35—Calderbank, J. J. 1:40—Baker, Martha 1:45—^Abel, Elizabeth 1:50—Callison, Mary 1 :55—-Conver, Helen 2:00—Cook, Colleen 2:05—Dahl, Julia 2:10—Dawson, Helen 2:15—Dicks, Margaret 2:20—Dobson, Barbara 2:25—Doty, Elizabeth 2:30—Dray, Hildred 2:35—Dunn, Phyllis 2:40—Butler, D. S. 2:45—Cameron, D. D. 2:50—Campbell, C. W. 2:55—Caracciolo, J. V. 3:00—Carr, E. D. 3:05—Carr, W. J. 3:10—Castino, J. W.
3:15—Chapp, H J. 3:20—Chew, L. W. 3:25—Caldwell, Fiorrie 3:30—Clymer, Johanna 3:35—Driscoll, Betty 3:40—Eastburn, Frances 3:45—Elstun, Betty 3:50—Everhart, Dorothy 3:55-^BIow, Lois 4;00—^Arnold, Carl 4:05—Barsha, W. B. 4:10—Beck, J. E. 4:15—Bergdolt, V. E. 4:20—Bergsma, J. C. 4:25—Bosco, G B. 4:30’—Bowen, J. D. 4:35—Bowne, H. M. 4:4-0—Boyer, H. C. 4:45—Bradley, K.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 5
8 00—Christian, J. E. 8.05—Clark, J. R. 8:10—Clark, R. L 8:15—Claypool, J. W 8:20—Coates, R. E, 8:25—Coffee, J. F. 8:30—Coffee, R. J 8:35—Coffing, H. M. 8:40—Comee, L. M. 8:45—Cook, M C. 8:50—Cooley, R. J. 8:55—Chapin, J. 9 00—Ciboiski, J. 9:05—Clarke, W. B. 9:10—Carr, Ruthjeanne 9:15—Cason, Audrey 9:20—Cottingham, D. L.
9 25—C reage r, C E. 9 30—Creek, R. 9 35—Cooley, Mary 9 40—Davis, K A 9 45—Dawson, A. W. 9 50—Dean, A F 9 55—Chomyak, W. 10.00—Ciral,J. L. 10 05—Claypole, G. 10 10—Clugston, D. W. 10 1 5—Clutter, C. E. 10 20—Combs, J. W. 10 25—Consol, J. j. 10 30—Davison, Joyce 10:35—Cutler, G. C. 10.40—Davaney, W. j. 10 45—Dilts, J. H. 10 50—Dirmeyer, R. O. 10 55—Clark, j. F. 11 00—Clifton, C.C. 1 1 05—Crosby, Jr., H. 1 1 10—Curry, R. W. 1 1 ■ 15—Decker, C. E. I 1 20—Deitch, W. H. 11:25—De La Croix, F, E. i 1 30—Dell, G. J. II 35—Dewenter, j. C. 1 1 40—Dexter, R. I I :45—Dickinson, T. II :50—Diehl, L. 11 55—Dix, G. J. 1 :00—Collier, R. S. 1 ‘05—Cotton, J. H. 1.10—Crall, J. M. 1 .15—Crane, P. H. 1 :20—Cruse, V. V, H. 1:25—Davis, P. W. 1:30—DeReamer, C. Russell
1 35—Dinms, j H 1 40—Dinins, P. G. 1 45—Doyle, M J. 1 ‘50—Dudley, R A.
1 55—Campbell, Jean /
2.00—Clark, J, Vs* 2 05—Cohee, A. V 2:10—Curtner, R. L.
2:15—Crossman, Phyllis
‘ ;,G. R;*^^
2‘20—Douglas, _. ... 2:25-1—Dubvich, N.Gf.
2:30—DCiVaL-E.'H. 2:35-^Eck, l'g.
2:40-^dgerton, J. P.
2:45T-Elliott, C. G. ‘ ‘.
2.50—Eppee, R. W. 2 55—Evans, M. A. 3:00—Cure, W. J. 3:05—Ewing, C. A. 3:10—Farrow, V.
3:15—Fenstermaker, W. R.
3:20—Fiscus, C. R.
3:25—Fish, W. C. . , 3:30—Fishman, L. B. • >
3:35—Flack, F. H. 3:40—Foltz, P.R. .
3:45—Chandler, R. L. 3:50—Coddington, V. W;
3.55—Coe, C. M. 4 00—Coen, R. B.
4:05—Coleman, D. O.
410—CoHins, L. D.
4:15—Conron, jr., T. W.
4:20—Coolman, E.
4:25'—Cometet, F. W.
4:30—Craft, W. S.
^^35—Anderson, E. I. .pswpil
3[ixaL adA.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloikoA,
Tuesday. October 4, 1938
J. R. Kennedy... . . . ME ’41, married Phyllis Gayle in Cincinnati, on September 12. Mrs. Kennedy is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority at Cincinnati University. Kennedy is a member of Lambda Chi Alpha social fraternity.
October 4 at 4 n* an.
-TREECE.
Interfraternity Presidents: A dinner meetmeeting at the Si^nia Alpha Epsilon house Thursday, October 6 at 6 p. m. —DEAN. Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch will be held Tuesday morning October 4, at 7 :80. Dr. Hadley will be the leader. —MELSER.
Military Ball Committee: Important meet, ing in room 202 of the Armory, Tuesday,
The Shoe All College Men Are Wearing See what Esquire says
6f Turf Tan L- - Osteo-path-iks $0.50
Originally worn after skiing in Switzerland —soft as a glove, tough as elephant hide —twist them, bend them, soak them completely, they'll still keep their velvety softness and striking style. They're nailless Osteo - path - iks — need no breaking in. 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Bookstores
"C"CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. Sttj St. Phone 2828
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST H9!/i Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• jewelers
• Shoe Repair
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler aird Optometrist 504 Main St.
BOSSUHG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Faculty Members: Membership tickets for the Indiana State Teachers Association are on sale at the general office in the Education Building. Price, $2. (10-6) —McCOMB.
office of the Engineei* at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 5: A. Johnson, K. Kimmel, T. Lantz, W. Mossberg, P. Newman, and M. Packman. —RICES.
Class In Cooperatives: The class in the cooperative movement will meet at 8:30 p. m. Wednesday, October 6, at the Wesley Foundation. —McFADDBN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 11, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 264 of the EE Building. There will be no meeting Tuesday, October 4. —CANNON.
YWCA Office Workers: All girls who signed up for the YWCA office committee meet in YWCA office, Wednesday, October 6, at 4 p. m. —BRYANT, BURNHAM.
Purdue Riding Club: All applications for membershib must be turned in at the stables by Wednesday, October 6. —SUMMERS.
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in room B of the Union Tuesday, October 4. —McINTOSH.
Senior Public Service Engineers: Meet in conference room of Executive Building Tuesday, October 4, at 4 p. m. —KNAPP.
Men’s Archery: Archery every week day at 4 p. m. on the men’s range north of Cary Hall and west of the Stadium. Equipment will be furnished. (10-6) —KINZER.
Bible Class: The Bible class under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council will meet at 7 p. m. Wednesday, October 6, at the Wesley Foundation. —McFADDEN. Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Check in all tickets and money at Playshop office by 6 p. m. Tuesday, October 4. —DIETRICH.
Foresters: Arrangements are being made for a few more people than have bought tickets for the Forestry Club steak fry. If you care to go, get in touch with the membership committee Tufflday, October 4. —NICHOLS.
Freshman Girls: Anyone interested in working on posters for the Gold Digger’s dance and the mass meeting report to the WSGA office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 4. - BERRY. Exponent Co-ed Workers: Staff for today, October 4, is Schilling, Simpson, Miller, Pickering, Justin, Stong, Guise, and Irwin.
Report at 4 p. m. In room E of the Union. —McKEE. Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting will be held in room B of the Union Building Tuesday, October 4, at 7:30 p. m. —McINTOSH. Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting in room F of the Union Tuesday, October 4, at 7:30 p. m. Election of officers. —SKINNER.
Catalyst Club: Important meeting Wednesday, October 4, at 7:16 p. m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. Discussion of pledging. —CRAIG. Debris Business Staff: Important meeting Tuesday, October 4, in room B of the Union. —EDWARDS.
Triton Club: Call-out meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 11 at 4 p m. —JORGESON.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, October 6, 7 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. —HALL.
Student Senate: Meeting at 7-30 p. m. in room 1 and 2 Tuesday, October 4. Check at desk for possible room change. —ELLIOTT.
r Camera Club: Meeting Tuesday, Octobfer 4, in tower room of Union at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Bray of the metallurgical school will talk on photography in industry. —OBLINGER.
Sigma Delta Chi: ’There will be a meeting Wednesday, October 6, at 7 p. m. in room E of the Union. -BAILEY.
Pi Tau Sigma: Softball game. Pi Tau Sigma vs M. E faculty Tuesday, October 4, at 4:15 p. m. on diamond 9 intramural field. —BODEAU. Dolphin Club: Important meeting concerning water carnival Tuesday, October 4, at 7:30 p. m. in Fieldhouse. —CARR. Ceres: Meeting at Union Building in the old chestnut room, Tuesday, October 4, at 7:30 p. m. —SEUFFERLE. WSGA Freshmen Petitions: All petitions for freshman representative on the WSGA executive Board must be in the WSGA office by noon Monday, October 10. —MERRIELL.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Squires or Catteral in the Union
Have we neglected to mention it lately? Crown Cleaned Clothes are mothproofed by the Monite process. All wool garments we clean are guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
ygith oltenventoJatt
, Why
Wtothapt^ ^oolE at j eveiy
'’'“"Ifnotso-Soofy Day: business. " ebod/s Apri '
SatntdaytnW’O” joERALO
4/
;^body's April - IJCO
k
k
A J'S'
• Call it of the sky sion. Sotnethtn^ silences fjelleved 20 000 feet np eround ^ it.
20,000 feet up i S^oun it. the ro3^ A ^But she knew he such a coujasonwasdea ^ could have ^ faster.
stotytbnt.-
Only
victlon
irt-
Tll*„ TBiai*
.•V/atcl^
gonna ha^, . atteatnliner?” ( on this cootsy ■ '"'‘“!!.^te.ches-« leams--a"“ ilroading. A. 7^g story, on ^root*er«’‘-
pit
ly a V tnat. .— Ttot mich Hath
. yieUD rule:
.jr nhon ^ ^
e||C||€H CW**® eked yon O"
the iaw—do and
then watch o to Sheriff /Antoinette to
Olson, who
breakfast rn bed
compliwen