V'' \
COACHES REDRAW Big Ten Schedule To Save Travel
COLLEGE EDITORS Petition For Student Status Clarification
Volume 55». Ho. 4,3^
Es»gbliiitt#d !88»
Purdue University/ West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, Novenlber 10, 1942
pillBP War Relief Drive Opens Today
N Bfan P. % Glte»
fmphasis Week ^ill Continue Witn Di^y Spl^^lat Ev^ti
Set County Campaign Goal At $50,000Mark
I
Funds To Aid Local Organizations; Chinese, Russian, Greek Relief
By. Becky Caylor
Students of the University are being asked to help win the
LigTjl-enant Commander Dorothy battle fronts and at home by their contributions to
partment of history, economics, and announced its annual essay contest C- Stratton, former dean of women the War Relief and Community Fund drive which starts today government will be speaker at the for all University students. Cups at the University who is on leave and continues through next Tuesday.
The goal set for this campaign which will help to support
Union Plans Service For
Armistice Day
L. M. Sears To Speak Tomorrow Morning
Annual Ceres Essay Stratton Heads
Contest Opens For All Students judges Set Deadline On December Fifth
Coast Guard
Auxiliary Promotion Comes
With New Position
Prof. Louis M. Sears of the de- Ceres, Agronomy honorary, has
Green Potters Will Select Seven Officers On Novenlber 24 Annual Green Potters election for
the executive body of the Freshman class will take place Tuesday, November 24, under the auspices of the
Student Senate. The balloting will followed by the singing of “Amer-
take place in the Union with all ’oa.
at 10:66. This year’s observance will include ^a short commemorative program introduced by the presentation of colors by the Purdue Order of Military Merit and the Scabbard
and Blade.
Following the pledge to the flag by the audience, Ralph Deuster, president of the Student Union, will I'ead the Honor Roll of 64 Univer-
divisions include one for the upperclassmen, and another open to the
freshmen only.
The winner in the upperclass division will receive a silver medal and will have his name engraved on
the Dickinson Seed Company’s Pine Washington, D
Tree Trophy, which will be placed in the trophy case in Agricultural Hall. The winner of second place
lieutenant in the WAVES to her present position as a Lieutenant Commander and has been named the director of the Women’s Reserve of the Coast Guard Reserve. Announcement of her appointment by Vice-Admiral R. R. Waesche of
C., commander of
the Coast Guard, came as a recognition of the effective work she has
done in the WAVES.
sity men who died in World War I. will be given a bronze medal. Win-
activities'bf Religious Emphasis Week will be a conypp^tion on Wednesday Trom '1:30 to 8:30 iJS[(il)[iza Fowler Hall, .J)ean Charles W* Grilkey, Dean of the Chicago University Chapel, will speak; on “The Best Things
in the Worst Tfipes”,
^residing ov^p tjie meeting as chairman Will be Joe Rich-
ards., .Member .of, the University Glee Club and Concert Choir Armistice Day exercises which will and medals will be awarded to the of absence to serve in the armed (of “Old Man River” fame) " be held in the Great Hall of the winners of the two divisions into forces, has been promoted from a
i '' ,, , „ ,, . ‘ ^ _ . Union tbmorrow morning beginning which the contest is divided. These
Another member of the Musi- . ......
cal organizations, John Mingle,
will lead in group singing.
Mtembers of five University honoraries will be represented on the progi’am by the following people: Alpha Lambda Delta, Martha Lee Riggs; Alpha Phi Omega, John Eicher; Gold Peppers, Harriet Simons; Mortar Board, Calista Creel; and Reamei’s, Bob Boswinkle (mudball). Dean Gilkey, who is a Trustee of George William^s College, has been coming to the University
for many years to speak.
Five Seminars
Five seminars, held every evening from 4 to 6 will cover the following topics: “Religion and Life’s Adjustments,” “Basis of a Just and Durable Peace,” “Bible in a Modern Generation,” “What Can I Believe,'’ and “Christian Home Making.” Leaders, who will give a different interpretation of the subjects each day include Rev, Max Adams; Rev. Eugej:f,^ piapfiam, pastor at Northwestern’ University; Dr. Diel Bollinger, Executive for Methodist ^(utlenis of the country; Dr. C. P. tijarry. Executive of the United Luthei-hns; and Mrs. C. E. Sandefur, State Dean of the Sumshine Society.
Extra ]Event
The address by Prof. Sears will be
freshman men, either first or second
semester, eligible to vote.
Besides being one of the more important functions of the freshman class, this election is one of the few remaining campus elections. This year in contrast to year before, the Green Potters will elect an executive board consisting of seven men, instead of the usual four officers. The board is to be composed of at least three organized and three unorganized freshmen, with the president being the candidate with the highest number of -votes, from either party. Under the election rules^ there will be six nominees allowed from the
All staff membei'S and students not scheduled for classes are urged to attend the half hour service. The doors of the building will bd closed at 10:58 a. m. and one one will be admitted after that time until the end of the service. Guards will be posted at all entrances and central stairways to regulate the flow of
traffic.
All recreation departments, the baiber shop and Sweet Shop will be closed during the program. The customaiy salute, stoppage of traffic on the campus, and class room ob_servance wjll not be can ied out this
year.
ners in the freshman division will also receive a silver medal for first place and one of bronze for the run-ner-up. The winnei’s name in this division will be engraved upon the Ceres Essay Cup and this will be
placed in Agricultuial Hall.
Contest Rules
These are the five contest rules which must be observed. Tim subject matter must pertain to agronomy.
Absent Since August
For'the past several weeks, Lt.
eleven causes is $50,000 and the eds and coeds are urged to — ' ■■— contribute as generously as
they can to the drive, which will include all of Tippecanoe
County.
The gifts will go for the support of such worthy organizations as the YWCA, Salvation Army, YMCA, South End Community Center, Girl and Boy Scouts and the Flower Mission, which serve in this community; and the United China War Relief, Dutch Relief and
University Urges
General Conservation Of Heat, Light, Power
organized freshmen, and six from
the enorganieed f.«hmen. Jo AcldteSS
Every year the ‘ Gieen Potters” *
^ . .1 V , to have a pot burning in the A i
Ip addition to previously sched- semester. A4arfiage LjfOt/p
uled events for today. Bishop Titus freshman dance is another one
Lowe,^Bishop of the Indiana Area of thd Methodist Church, will be speaker at the (Jreek Men’s Banquet for fraternity officers and men. The University Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will appear at the final gession on Sunday. The factilty diimeiy convocation on Sunday, and other* special events will be an-
nounced later.
ge
Contest Entries Due Tomorrow
Dr. Alfred C. Kinsey will speak before the Marriage Course in the Lecture Room of the Physics Building on Wednesday. Dr. Kinsey has spoken on the campus twice before and was very favorably received. He has carried on various reseaiches and has a great deal of information concerning them. This lecture on Wednesday evening ^is open to all
Vff CA Tea Honors Active Meinbdrs Of Cirripui'tliapter VU , , . V • ' i ■^'TfWCA held a 'Special refeb^ifioh'
Entries in the' annual Beveiidge '
speech contest must be made before PfQf^ ^V . O. ^^iflS
6 p. m. tomorrow in loom 386 of the Union. Preliminaries for the con‘test, which is open to freshman men -only, will be held at 4 p. m. Thurs- ^ day in room 301 of the Union.
Two Subjects Selected
... of the agronmy department, will give the armistic day address at Klondike school at 2 p. m. to-
morrow.
fessor F. E. Robbins by noon December 6,1942. Essays in the upperclassmen division should contain from 1,000 to 1,500 words, and those in the freshman division from 500 to 1,000 wards. They must be written legibly or typewritten on one side of the paper only and there must be margins of at least one inch.
Essays should be submitted in
sealed manilla envelopes, unfolded, with a sheet of paper bearing the contestant’s name only enclosed. Do not put your name on the envelope,
but label it “Ceres Essay.” For any details not clearly under-
stood, consult Prof. F. B. Robbins,
Room 210, Agricultural Hall.
Military Ball Ticketholders Dance programs and war stamp corsages for the Military Ball will be available at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building tomorrow morning, continuing through Thursday and Friday. Ticketholders will pay for corsages at this time.
All students, faculty members and other persons employed by the University are urged to contribute
Commander Stratton, who has been conservation program by tjjg Greek and Russian War Relief absent from the campus since saving heat, light, power and water, organizations which give aid
August, has been in charge of the It is estimated that a slight sav- abroad.
training unit for the WAVES at ing of one per cent in the use of There are few areas in which the the University of Wisconsin. She these utilities would conserve a to- students contributions can do more has been on the advisory committee of 300 tons of coal a year, and real good because the need is so th,at organized the WAAGS and has that a saving of five per cent in the great. Neglected wants, indifferbeen instrumental in starting both use of these items would result in ence and disregard can rob final vicof the women’s organizations. the placing of 30 carloads of coal tory of its meaning. Winning the Lt. Commander Stratton assumed stockpile. war against the Axis is not enough
to compensate for the unnecessary
Suggestions for the accomplish- interest.ment of this saving have been made The students, acting as individby President Elliott and are as fol- uals and through campus groups
Essays must be submitted to Pro- jjg,, (j^ties yesterday in the office of Elliott Offers Suggestions TD TT ... . . . . . *
Admiral Waesche in Washington. Her position is the same as that held by Col. Hobby for the WAACS and Dr. Mildred McAfee for the
WAVES.
Mudball hey there clarence i have a question due double e’s study
about electric clocks two the
reason i ask is in
the hallway of their building they have a
timepiece that is
either so far
behind the time i think it is still night and go to
sleep in the
corridor or else it is so far ahead of time i think it is noon and i
get hungryi am confused —MUDBALL
lows:
1. Windows in offices, laboratories and classrooms should be opened for ventilation only when extremely necessary and should be kept tightly closed when ventilation ia not
required.
2. Rooms should not be overheated when control either by thermostat or radiator valves is possible, and store rooms and other such spaces should be kept as. cool as
practicable.
3. All lights, motors, equipment and other appliances should be kept turned off while not in use, and water should not be used any more than necessary. " 4. Any thermostats, radiator valve^ or windows that need repair should be reported to the custodian
of the particular building,
are asked to get firmly behind this effort and make this drive for funds a success. Playsilop To Present 'Jim Dandy' Nov. 20 For Navy Relief Reviving their success of this summer, Playshop will present “Jim Dandy” as a special Navy Relief program Friday and Saturday, November 20 and 21. Tickets for the two nights are now on sale at the box office for fifty cents. The special tickets in the Playshop season book may also be turned in with
Suitable temperature for federal twenty-five cents for admission.
service and tea ii^ the West, Fac-’ be discussed Ulty Lounge in the Union Sunday .-what Are We Fighting For?” afternoon honoring graduating sen- and “College Students and the
ior members, cabinet officers, faculty advisors, associate members and members who have taken an active part in the YWCA oigani-
ifation. I
Draft.” Information for the various topics is in the Reserve Room of
the Library.
The Hays cup will be awarded to the winner of the contest, who will be chosen from the seven winners
Music was furnished by Phyllis preliminary rounds. The elim-
BcitoU, pianist; Phyllis Baker, violinist, and Mrs, C. E. Baker, accompanist. sliort^ talk on the founding'df tlie YWtA'was given li^'Mrl'W. 9- 'PernMjus!,4hd a candle ^igdifin^ ceremony ' was corulWct;ed W ’■’O'tvian Petetsoh, assisted hy
ination contests will be judged by members of the speech department
staff.
Organizations Participate
Organizations will also be represented m this contest, and the win-
Disgruntled Zirkle ... "
last In Line For Food And Mail;
Out In Rain And Hail'
Always
Special to The Exponent
Abu Ben Adam, that lyrical old Arabian whose name “led all the rest”; was indeed a very fortunate guy. Aviation Cadet Robert P.
man stands at attention until his name is called, when he assumes “Paiade Rest”—a far more relaxed and comfortable position). “But when theie’s a dirty detail to be
by Vn ^ ^ j ^ .. — . CarotyVi Meprary aild Ann IV^ae ning gvouj) will receive the Ankeny Zirkle, former University student done, do they start off alphabetical
* I CUD- There is no limit to the num- vinxxr nF "Runnlrc TTIolfl Tpy«s will i,.o TVT...4. —
Urhig.
1 I 'll li ri . • ' <>' ' 3,eJfiors Receive Corsages
.. Thp foBqWjng gradilfiting seniors were |presented with corsages: Gloria Ni'emeyer, ' Betty Miller, Phl^llis Scit'oll,' Carolyn McCrary
apd ,Dorothy Arvidson.
Other members present and reC‘b^hized were: Cabinet and committed members: Jane Packard, Ginny Mitt'fehdorf, Lois jVei, Margaret Meltzev, (Jail Thompson, Barbara LldyJ, Dphna Marie Iriot), Gerry Bryant, Marthena Dubois and Phyllis' Baker; Associate mQipbers, Edith Kirkpatrick,' Effie Ann Snider, 'Mfivgaret Hirt, Gladis Basinger and tl'oris Hahnensteln; Advisory Boafd, Crl Yhg'inia B. Wbite', Mrs.
Mildbed Eitdi, MrL
ton, Mrs. Edward C. ^liott and
Mrs. JBloi'bbc^ B. Knight.
cup. There is no limit to the num- hq'w of Brooks Field, Texas,, will ber of contestants entered by each testify with ill-concealed bsnvy. organization. Points will be awarded Zirkle’s envy is well founded, -for in decieasing order to the seven he whose name begins with “Z” can finalists according to their rank in never hope to Igad any list—particihe contest and the organization ularly in an army which, contrary
with the highest total score will be
declai ed the winner.
to popular opinion, seems to move
ly? Not on your tintype, they
don’t.”
One of Zirkle’s chief grievances is that he is officially the lowest in military rank in his class. In flight training. Student Officers (officers from other branches of the service
When Zirk’s waiting for a letter
from the girl friend or a box of eats from home—well, you can guess what happens at mail call. Once he
even fell asleep on pay day. To climax his unfortunate posi-
tion, Cadet Zirkle will be the last member of his class to receive his wings and commission when the
“42-K’s
cember. (Zirkle is a member Brooks “Pearl Harbor class”called because it will graduate
buildings in Washington, D. C., have been set between 66 and 70 degi'ees. It has been recommended that these also be the basis for the heating of University buildings. Purdue Players To Tour Music Hall Purdue Players, campus dramatic organization, will make a tour of the Hall of Music at a special meeting’ this evening at 7. J. W. Ditamore, manager of the Music Hall, will take the members backstage to the dressing rooms, light switchboards and spot light controls. The use of the primary colors in building- up different light-
The cast for the benefit performance will be the same as that this summer with the exception of 'George Hudson replacing Paul Gore as Jim Crow, Jim Dandy’s shadow and sei-vant. Prof. P. E. Lull portrays Jim Dandy in this surrealistic
play by William Saroyan.
The cast includes Larry Myers as Johnny, Jean Nigg as Molly the dancer, Arthur Barab as Jock the optimist, Richard Kohls as Fishkin the pessimist, and Bill Lester in the
role of A bewildered postman.
The crew for the production will also remain the same with Betty Gray, stage manager, and crewheads Meyer Evanson, Lee Fishback, George Zissis, Anne Bradley,
John Clark and Mary Osborne.
The proceeds for this Playshop
ing effects will be demonstrated, featured show will go entirely to
and the trip will conclude with a
visit to the projection room.
Sailors To Present Armistice Program
training
the
not abdominally but alphabetically, learning to fly) outrank the cadets, shortly after the first anniversaiy
Exponent Staff ' - AJl editorial staff juniors add flrs^ and second semester sophomores, both ed and coed, who plan to petition for junior and senior offices at the next election ai-e to
li' all the queues Zirfcle has stood in during his army career were placed end to end, they would leach from Manhattan to Madagascar. If you * don’t believe it, compare
l^ukle’s statisiic; World Almanac.
with the 1942
Lapients Ziikle, “Waiting to file
in(,o classroqm|5 and mess halls, I’ve Venedocia, Ohio,
nttend a meeting ip the office at half* d'rowned by rain or blistered by 4:l5 p.'m.Tiie.sday, November 10. the sun. I’ve stood at attention so
Next come the cadet officers, and finally the other members of the class—alphabetically. Zirkle is familiarly known around Brooks as “low man on the totem pole”. Back borne in Ohio and at Purdue, they called him simply “Bob”. He is thh son of Mr. and Mis. Paul Zirkle of
of the Jap stab-in-the-back).‘ “All things come to hjm who stands and waits,” sciibbled a poet of a bygone age. Zirkle agrees that this might be true—if the poor guy’s name doesn’t begin with “Z”. Blight spot, however, is the fact that Zirkle is far from last scholastically—and in flying skill. And
“There were five men whose when he gets the chance he’s worknames began with ‘Z’ in my primary ing for—a crack at a Jap or Nazi—
It Is essential that 'all 'affeefed be long waiting to answer my name at class,” i aves Zirk, “but I was still you can bet your bottom dollar that there. roll-call that I’m almost frozen in last—last to solo, last to' start on Bob Zirkle will at last head the
' ' ' ' —am6s that position.” (At I'oll-call, each a flight and last to get back.” list. I ' \
Navy relief as the campus drafmatic organization’s contribution to that
cause.
Biology Professors Attend Meeting At a recent meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science held at Notre
Dame University, the following-
members of the University biology
vor to answer the question “Why staff presented papers: Dr. R. M.
Bluejackets in training at
graduate early next De- University will present a special
Armistice day program in their regular weekly broadcast “Here Comes the Navy” tomorrow afternoon at
5:16 over WBAA.
The dramatic sketch will endea-
Did the Last Armistice Fail?” and will be based upon actual experiences of men who were in service
when World War I ended.
Ad Staff Important meeting Tuesday, evening at 7:15. Report on A.C.P. Convention will be given. —GJEMRE
Cable, Dr. A. T. Guard, Dr. W. H. Headlee, Dr. W. A. Hiestand, Dr. W. B. Mullison, Dr. C. L. Porter, and Dr. D. E. Stnlken. At the meeting Di. Porter was elected vice-president of the Academy and Dean Enders president of the Junioi-N Academy. Dr. Mullison was given a researeh grant to continue his research on the effect of different souices of nitrogen on minei-al deficiencies in tomatoes.
Votes Qn Constitutiorial Amendments Thursday Afternoon
i H ^ \ U
k (5) <5 U
4See $toiy pit page 4)1‘;f: ^
Page 2
Piirdim Expo0Bnt
k'
j^uesday^Nov^riilmt 10, 1942
E0^$0 Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhoiise, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Kilitor-in-Chicf; News JOditor Msnapinc Editor .. Ktiorts Editor, IS.isircss Manaccr ; Coed .Editor
,...John F. Amos Don T. Brophy . John H. Armstrona Robert L. Hadley Ken K. Gpemre :..Alice Chaffield
Publication Staff
Associate Editors IniinI SialT: D, W. Ochciltreo, A. P. Hunter, W, E. Rafert, ) E. Hiitr.. W. G. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle, K. Roquemore, ''■’oir. . ' irtp Stair: 15. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shry'er, C.
I'ncd Stair: Sally Benll, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine
Business Staff
rd Businers Manascr: Julia Martin. Acrlisiujr Mur.aiiers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. KUliilion Manager: G.' H. Kiouman. counts Man.ager: Trena Torrenga. . ' nior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent-
I'-sr'in-t’hiff. tnairinj' Editor sir.fss Managrcr. . cd Edi!or vertisinjf Manager., {•nunlfi Manager 'cuintion Manager..
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum ....Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Niohl EdUorrWolf Issue Editor: Richardson i>;iy Kditi.r: Kiiiirs Sports Editor: Krieger V^fporlfii : Vt rmilion, Sptolc, Lyncli, Sanders, Ford, Howes, St-liiliz. (Iflvti'. ]iayn(‘S. Dunham, Parsons, Hahn, Stephenson,
Knlt-r . ti . In III. J :\< i^ib'ish-
s second class matter at the post office in Lafaya. inukr the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, special rate of postage-provided for in section r OcUib'-r 8, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. 1 M iusday. Thur.sday, Friday and Sunday mornings ytar. Dtdivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a for two .semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a $0.ri(i ft;r two semesters. mailed subscription $1.60. t-il for national advertising by National Advertis- , Inc., Colhge Publishers Representatives, 420 c., New York, N. Y.
Another Chapter Editors Clamour
GRIN AND BEAR IT
When the American troops headed, by the CuldVtty*
now famous “Rangers” attacked the shores
of French North Africa on Sunday morning, the Associated Collegiate Press Convention in Chicago another chapter was unveiled in the war which week, the following resolution was proposed and passed:
the college editors of the Associated Collegiate Press,
e ace 0 ego e. or e rs ime si believing that the stateinents listed below will permit the best the start of the War the Allies are definitely ^ ^ ^ on the offensive and are meeting the enemy ^ Manpower Com-
on equal or superior terms. . .
' • , ^ mission: ,
• 1939 when t ® “(1) A clarification of the existing Manpower Program as
invaded Poland, the box score for the Allies has shown mainly reverses which were alcamouflaged under the headings, of
ways
“(2) An integrated and overall program to be put in effect
,,, , . . as soon as possible for the most effective disposition of college
strategic withdrawals . The communiques . ,^ 'Xj' , , n,. . « ■
, f , , , , ,1. > . 4.U i. ■ men in the Army, Naval, and Marine Reserves; the Enlisted
have always brought out the fact that our r,,,, - R. 0. T. C.”
forces have met larger numbers of better ^ resolution is to be presented at a convention of the equipped enemy soldiers. American Student Council in Washington. D. C., at which Then came the bombing of Pearl Harbor V. McNutt, Dr. Edward C. Elliott and others will be and the subsequent entry of the United present. There is also a great possibility that it will be preStates into the conflict. Most Americans were gented before the joint House and Senate Military Affairs Corn-
very optimistic and predicted that the war p^^t'of the ACS hearing.
Im essence^ the resolution is an appeal by the college student, to the ones in charge of his future, that he know what that future is to be. We are appealing for a clarification of
the existing confusion in the colleges today.
Another thing this resolution brings out is the importance of the' college newspapers as a representative of the college student's. In helping in the formulation and adoption of this resolution, The Exponent has tried to present the views of Purdue students. And by editorials, such as these, people like
Now after three years of war, the ARies Dr.',Elliott, and others, can see what we think and what we
are rapidly assuming the offensive and it is want.'—k.k.g.
the Americans who are leading the attack. .
would soon be over.
The fall of Manila, Bataan and the naval losses encountered in the Java; sea began to shake our false sense of security and the people began to realize that our armed forces were taking a terrific beating. News from the Coral Sea and Midway Island revived our hopes, but the Solomons offensive really began to make us think that the fight was on.
“Anyhow—lately he hasn’t said anything about chucking it all and going to a south sea island.”
Surprise! It’s An Orchid
It poems to be true that editors of college ]5ai)erp do a lot of griping in editorials. Of
ciiui'se the fact that-there is a-lot to gripe about may have'something to do with that. Today, though, might be a good time to show that it i.s possible to toss an orchid or two also. The Exponent has taken its share of pokes at the Purdue. Band in recent years, and if you ask the band members they’ll say it’s taken more than its share. M'ore than one editorial has bemoaned the irhpossibility of singing to music in the Emrick style, but..,tQ,day it will Ije different. •' Anyone Avho has attended all or any. of the fqotball'games this fall has seen just what the band can do. And it does it, rain or shine. In approximately two weeks Emrick whipped a group of green freshmen and rusty sophomores into a marching unit for the first game, and unlike the team, it has gotten steadily bolter with each succeeding performance. Last Saturday’s performance was one of the few bright spots in an otherwise gloomy day, and many of the visiting parents left claiming that the .bahd alone was worth the price of
a.dmi.ssion.
When Bob Elson, until recentiy ace sports announcer of WGN, stepped to the WBAA microphone Saturday he summed up in a very jLw words what lots of people have been thinlcing for a long time. Said Elson: “This ]“ardua Band is the finest.marching unit I’ve . seen anywhere, and I’ve seen a lot of them'” Week after week the band tunes up for its big .sliow, and then Monday finds all 160 pieces out on the practice field preparing for the next performance. From four o’clock on each night the boys work out, and bad weather is
no obstacle.
Much credit must be given to “Spotts” for what he ha.s done, but it wouldn’t be,fair to lini.'-dT this without mentioning the cadet offic.sr.s. ddie.se boys are the backbone of the band and they labor four years, with little more than the fun of playing in the band to repay then'j. So here’s to the band and its officers, d hough it may get a dig hqre and there from 111 is paper and from other sources, it’s sometlbng this campus couldn’t very well do withoui, and when everything is said and done, Purdue students are pretty proud of the “AllAmerican Band”..—^d.d.b. .
No longer do the reports tell of superior enemy forces or better Axis equipment. War still seems to be a question of getting there first with the most men and equipment, but the worm has turned and American soldiers are now occupying the position formerly occupied by the Axis armies. Immediately after Pearl Harbor, all the students on the campus were interested in the war andAdiligently followed the war news in • the papers and over the radio. After the initial thrill be^an to wear off, the student body more or less resumed its former attitude of . looking on the war as something far distant and unbelievable. Although the University and the students have pitched into the war effort almost one hundred per cent, it still is hard to reMize that a war is being fought on the other side of the ocean. Now that our troops are op the offensive in a drive which will ultimately crush the Axis armies, it would seem to he a logical time for students to renew their interest in the results of the fighting. The'outcome of this fighting is of particular importance to us because success or failure of these operations may determine our future status both in college and in the armed forces. Let us all regard our forces in campaign as our football team and be sure to get in the' cheering section. Although we are not in a position.to do the actual fighting, we can read the papers, listen to the radio, and show considerably more interest in this great battle which niay determine the course of our future destiny.—d.e.b.
University Calendar
Tuesday, November 10
Venemann Returns from Chicago Trip
Placed On Sale
6:00 P.M. G;30 P.M. r)::50 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P;-M. 7:.30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 8:00 P.M.
11:00 A.M. 1:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M.
8:00 A.M. 3:00 P.M. 7*30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
9:30 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
Pickin’ BONES with BERTRAM
-..^A.M. 1:30 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 6:30 P.M. g:30P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
Religious Emphasis Week ' . Kapha Psi Banquet.......... ..Rooms 332-334, Union Grad. Dames Meet. & Initiation E. & W. Fac. Lgs., Union Religious Emphasis Banquet....... ..North Ballroom, Union Expei-imental Sc. Banquet. Old Chestnut Rm., Union Silver Mask Meeting. .......Room 302, Union Alpha Phi Omega ....Room 304, Union Dairy Club Meeting Room 108, Smith Hall Better Homes Room 263, Union Christian Science ...:Room 303, Union Military Ball Committee .......E, & W. Rec. Rms,, Union ASME Meeting Room 108, ME Building Purdue Graduate Dames ..Rooms 355-363, Union Wednesday, November 11 Religious Emphasis Week Armistice Day Salute—POMM Girl Scout Leaders : Room 212, Union Marriage Course ^ Rooms 302, 304, Union Varsity Christian Fellowship .....Roonj 307, Union First Aid Meeting..,;....., Room 305, Union Thursday, November 12 Religious Emphasis Week Ind. Soc. of Professional Eng Room 263, Union Screen Review Hall of Music Camera Club Meeting.. Room 304, Union AIME Meet,, Movie, Elec. Officers..Room. 201, Heavilon Hall Thomas Say Entomology Society....Room 103, Ag. Hall Friday, November 13 Religious Emphasis Week........... Guidance Conference E. & W. Fac. Lgs., Union Cosmopolitan Club ....; Room 304, Union Military Ball :..N. & S. Ballrooms, Union Saturday, November 14 Religious Emphasis Week-. Guidance Conference ......East Fac. Lge., Union YWCA Conference West Fac. Lge., Union YWCA Banquet ., Rooms 332-334, Union Newcomers. Dinner Dance .E. & W. Fac. Lgs., Union TKE Dance :..;..South Ballroom, Union Mixer ....: ..North'Ballroom, Union Theta Xi Pledge Dance Chapter House
Profes.spr H, G. Vencmann of the School of. Mechanical Engiiieei-ing has returned from the nieetin.g of the officer.s and directors of the National As.'^ociation of Practical Refrigeratin.g Engineers at Chicago. Professor Venemann is chairman of the coninii.ttee on education and operates the “Question Box” which is an important part of the monthly publication. Ice and Refrigeration. The association has adopted Professor Venemann.’s textbook .“Refrigeration Theory and Practice” as the official textbook ■ to be used in their education program.
All remaining reserved seat tlcket.s for the annual Old OakenZ/Bucket clas.sic matching Purdue against.Indiana in Ros.s-Ade Stadium on Novmnber 21 have been placed on sale, it has been announced by C. S. Doan, managei- of ticket sales and assistant athletic director. These tickets
can be purchased at the usual agencies, Decker’s, Doac’s, Southworth's arid the U.nivei'sity Book Store, as well as at the ticket office in the men’s gymnasiuin. /
LUMA
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NOT RITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
TODAY - TOMOROW-
The Ratio
4.95 ... to 1
-THE AMAZING CUSTERS Lappa Betty Ross Custer who Was a constant half oJ'twb.some with Sigma Chi Zu Snyder took the DSl pin of Paul Ullman. ■ . ■ ■ iV '
Henceforth, our ambition permitting, we’ll grace this corner with a few woi-ds, often wfth malice aforethought. We’re looking for bones to pick and usually have little trouble finding them, But let us know ifyour ire is irked by a matter that needs a little limelight by way of this column. And let us know if you disagree with our views. Friday evening’s pep session was a horrible example of the poor planning that has been evident at these affairs all season. Supposedly conducted to spark the campus spirit and weld team support, the affair ended up as a wild, unorganized
melee.
Organization of the speakers’ platform was decidedly missing. We doubt if the leaders- knew what was coming off. next. The planning committee .should have realized that the Savitt band would be unable to play on the terrace in the cold damp atmosphere, but made plans for his appearance thdi-e. Electricians complained that they had been advised to set up a sound system for the band outdoors. When the band played inside of the Union, the apparatus was naturally inadequate, causing hundreds to file into the Union lounge. The noise of the boisterous mob prevented enjoyment of the music inside the Union as well as outside. Time selected for the pep session was poorly selected, conflicting with a convocatipn in the Music Hall featuring Globe-trotter Walter Duranty. Arrangements should have been made with the eonvo-, cation committee for a later appearance of Duranty,
rOD.AY’S TIDBIT The gi apevine has it that Theta Mary Ellen Kirk-pati-ick, who drives that sharp looking coupe that Ijclongi; to .some guy in the army, took a Delt pin the other day and is trying to keep it on the q. t. until i;a|\<;rfl:ipning starts. .
or the pep session should have been planned for an foffi Ohioearlier time. As.things .stood, the pep session started MietE.
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus: Allied Chemical.&■ Dye Co., (Solv'ay Process Co.), New York, N. Y.^— November 10. Interested in BS, MS and PhD Ohemistry and ChE. Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.—No-
vember 10 and 11.
Bureau of Naval Personnel— V-7(S)—for Bureau of Naval Ordnance, Chicago, 111.—November 12, 13 and 14; Interested in December ME, EE, CE, and ChE. Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp., S. Charleston, W. Va.-i-No-vemlier i6'4nd"|t;7. . ^ Joint Reerujiling Board—Army, Navy, Marine'Uorp.s-Coa.st Guard— Columbus, Ohio—Nov. 17 and 18. Magnolia petjoleum Co., Dallas, Texas—November .:20. Interested in BS, MS and iP)iD'‘Chemists. Carnegie Illinhig Steel Co., Chicago, 111.—NovemberT6 and 17. Interested in all types of engineeis. Sign in Personnel Office before Thursday noon, October 12. Moraine Products Divi.slon, Day-
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
llniversfiy look Store
kAii
—TODAY - TOMOROW- — DOUBLE FEATURE-
You'll Roar with Laughter tor Hours After at - ANN SHERIDAN BETTE DAVIS MONTY WOOLLEY
THE MAN WHO CAME TO DINNER — PLUS
HIT
PLUS —SECOND
IT TOOK 3 MURDIRS
... to Unravel One!
Robust Romance of (he Roaring Road! HIGHWAYS BY NIGHT v/ith RICHARD CARLSON JANE RANDOLPH
PRESTON FOSTER
ALBERT DEKKER
Across Froii “Ilctl” Saininune '29
Union “Doc” Kpplc MO
Obn Mills Studio fDhlinclivt'. Porlrailnre) 20.5 East Stale Phono .34i:i
★-A--A--A:-A: ★-At ★★★-A-*-A--At
-November 14. Interested
over 15 minutes late, -(yhile Savitt’s band sat waiting in the Union. If student spirit is to be welded at successful pep sessions in the future, they must show evidence of better planning.
Gulf Research & Development Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.—November 18.
[-1A-LIS4MANSHIP _ filil-'cihterprising cabby after Saturday’s Navy Day game v.a:> having trouble fflling his cab until he uttered the magic words, “Blazer Cab . . . Only three nunutes to the Blazer”.
come to light after Military Ball?”
W,ON BY A NOSE , I, ffolja^^iJlijfhe “iTjO-se” of Theta Chi, after many vain attempts to^ plant his pin, finally found the rigjit spot. That Bj5ot seems to be the D. G. house. Question of the hour is “Does she wear it out yet? Or does it
IF AT FIRST YOU DON’T SUCCEED .. . Phi Tau Gene Matrewitz had his pin out on the gil l from home.' She returned it^ but “Neyer-say-die” Matrewitz was trying more of the same last week end. The old Boilermaker spirit.
ELMER BURNHAM’S PRAYER .-•.“Thank God for Northwestern!”
Navy Department, Blaw-Knox Co,, Martins Ferry, Ohio—Interested in Naval Ordnance Material Inspectors. Sigh in Personnel Office by Tuesday, November 17. ■ Fairchild Aviatioh Corp., Jamaica, N. Y.—Interested in ME EE. Sign -in Personnel Office by Tuesday, November 17. - P. R. Mallory & Co., Inc., Indianapolis—Interested in MetE, EE, ME. Sign ill Personnel Office by Wednesday, NoTfember 11.
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
I DEKKER« DAVIS ™F0Y;
Starring Leo Carrillo and Andy Devine -L-ALSO —
WALT DISNEY CARTOON
MAHS
-TODAY- TOMOROW-
from the first kiSA to the lost breathtaking moment!
CHARIES BOYER rIIR HRY\N0RYH GIHBBR ROBBRS henry fonbr CHRS. IRUBNTON EDW.G. ROBINSON ROBESON ETHtl YilRTERS ‘ROCHESTiEB’
TODAY AND TOMORROW
THE HILARIOUS STAGE HIT| AT LAST HITS THE SCREEN!
Ti
ALES OF
iilh ‘S f
MHOERS
®“"®ALUOHHSOH CHOIR
by lUUEH 0«''l'''t«
produced by
bobismoRROS'’"''®-, 7,-
B 20th Centum-fc*
RySSELl^ BUN JANET AHERE BLAIR
WITH GEORGE TOBIAS
ALLYNJOStYL
jL
i'A*yr &
4
M
Tuesday^ November 10, 1942
Boilermaker .Sports
Pa^$
iAwi*
Bbiilermakers Prepare For Michigan State Game
Basketball Travel Cut By Big Ten Directors
Illinois, Iowa, Ohio Tied For Grid Lead in Big Nine Race
S
ports CommuniqueQ ^egu/ars Rest Up
^ Torrid Battle With Gobs
Jly Bob Hadley
We are getting a little weary of having to pi oof read all the stuff we write about football, so todajf we are turning to another sport that has
been active all ifiall,( and one thpt we have been ignoring The Boilermakbfs hhve been right up in the top bracket in the cross country |)usiness, since Hermon Phillips took over the job of handling th^ large squad of distance runners And it’s a tough I business—this cross dountry ' It is one of the best conditioners for runners having as^ilrations toward running in the distance events on the track team! in the spt'mg, add it’s a real sport in itself So far this year, bhd Rivetei!' harriers have lun up against Illinois,
By Bob Krieger
Athletic Directors of the Western Conference, at a special chmberup^thT B^g'^N^I'^pigskm meeting in Chicago last Sunday, decided to re-draw the 1943 ladder into a tie for first place last basketball schedules to save 60 per cent of the travel now re- Saturday when the well-known dope quired by the present schedule At the same time the direc- *’'^‘^ket took quite a kicking around tors announced that they will continue their programs of in- lUmois dealt Northwesteijn its
tercoltegiate athletics as re- - - - - Quested bv Armv nnri Nnvv when they downed the Wildcats by Ohio State, Indaaria hnd Western Michigan in dual meets, and have
j? j. -f tended the meeting, levealed to the a score of 14 to 7 befoie 35,600 fans dropped only the one to the Hoosiers Last week they trotted the 4 male
omcials regardless Ot attend- writer m an mteiview yesteiday in Dyche Stadium After scoring the route in the Big State meet involvmg Indiana and Notre Dame and
gnee - afternoon that the Boilqf'makers initial touchdown of the game in the came off in the third position
This IS the Big Ten’s answer ^tie same numbei of games second quarter, the /iftini pushed The men that havt^efeh running the route for the Boilermakers to thp rPTiPotod Conference opponents as had over anothed score in the third thid fall are Chatl^s DkieSler, Kenny Lynch, Darrell Roach, Ed Sew
lo tne repeated discussion this originally scheduled penod when wingman Elmer Engel fall as to the futuie of inteicol casually burglaiized a statute of legiaje athletics and, in particular j. u-ual home and scooted 48 yards
to what may be expected in the , "®wever tne u uai home and Purole pnal Thi<5 inryinh a 4.1, 4.1. 1043 footh-ill ^0016 cage contests are out for the “ , i'upie goal Ihis tiiumph Anyone that has ever lun the cross countiy or e is orL?rtd”to ^o ahead duration because of the necessaiy conference win foi quiet stioll over a cours4 ^uth as’ they covei in a meet lent Sr m^rsports subiecrto c'^^tailment of tianspoitation facil Jihnois against one loss to tell you that cross cdirtiry men aren’t made mad
modification of seheHuleci at the ^ icsult of the wai Under „ , , length of the couise varies beiHween thiee and one half and foui miles
the 'new plan when a team travels
ard, James AshwelJ,iPred Kinder and Bill Harrar They are backed by a goodly squad of hai-d-wor^yj^ reserves ready to step into com-
petition at the fir^t opportunity.
Anyone that has ever lun the cross countiy or even taken a nice
By Sheldon Watson After a potent 42-0 torpedoing by the Bluejackets of Great Lakes last Saturday afternoon, the ill-fated crew of Burnham Boilermakers held a light practice on the soggy field back of the Fieldhouse in preparation for the visit to Michigan State this week end Coacl/Burnham excused the gndders who saw action in the Naval encounter and ran the remainder of the squad through a light scrim-
mage
Kenny Smock, triple threat halfback who has been on the injured list for the past few weeks, was back in uniform yesterday afteinoon and it is possible that he will be back in the lineup for the battle with the Spartans of Michigan State Bruce Warren,
at the center post, having held down the job of fullback on last yeai’s
Iowa’s Hawkeyes thrilled a home as the crow flies, which is alj ^ight if you aie used to traveling that way, team
Meet The
Team By Bill Hopkins
One of the main bqlwaiks in Elmer Burnham’s foiwaid wall this yeai is Otto Hurrle, a six-foot, 195 pound behemoth hailing from In
dianapohs This is Ott’s fiist year veteran left tackle, was also par-
ticipating in the practice session for the first time in three weeks He has been on the bench with a ligament
mem^rrortw'cLfJitnr!!'fnem^il’ another school it will play two crowd of 32,000 when they but means a^ lot of up and (Jpfp hill running if you aie pioceeding in Eight Letters
members of the confeience faculty scored a haid fought, 6 to 0 tiiumph the conventional manner
committee, and coaches of the win ter and spi|ng spoits will meet fn Chicago on( Tuesday and Wednes
day, Dec 8 and 9
Reduction of travel foi the bas ketball games—the conference lules now permit 20 games which include 15 Big Ten contests—does not mean the numbei of games will be cut in hSlf In fdet, “Red” Mackey Uni veisity Athletid Dneetoi who at
test being played on the iivals’home “vei Wisconsin to topple the Badg-
couit roi example if the Riveters
aie scheduled to phy Minnesota in Tom
Minneapolis, Pig^y s cageis would in all piobability play the fast game
HOME OF
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. - 322 Main Sf.
on Satiuday night and then remain in the Gophei stronghold until the following Monday evening when the two teams would again match scoi mg powci on the Minnesota haid wood Thus it can be seen that the new plan will cut tiavel 50 pei cent Those attending the meeting on Sunday in the office of Maj John L Giiffith, eommissionei of ath letics foi the confeience were Guy Mackey, Puidue, L W St John Ohio State, Z G Clevenger, Indiana, Douglas Mills Illinois, E G Schroedei, Iowa, Tom Jones Wis consin Kyle Andeison Chicago, K L Wilson, Noithwestein Di Louis Kellei Minnesota, and H 0 Crislei, Michigan
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ALLE^* scii0®E. m oAfvciivci CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENIS OP PURDUE Beginner’s, Wedn^esday, November 11th 7:30 P. M. Advanced, Thursday, November 12th 7:30 P. M. 6th and Ferry Sts Laf lyette ENROLL NOW PHONF 2150
“The Coke’s
which Curran caught for a first down on the Badgei 29 With Youel in motion to his right from Iowa’s T formation, Curran went inside tackle for four yaids on a quick opening play On fourth down, with three yards needed for a first down. Farmer passed to Burkett who raced down the field to snare the ball in the end zone Bucks Claw Panther Ohio State did not engage in con ference competition last Saturday, and the Pitt Panthers probably wish that the Buckeyes had Piling up SIX touchdowns in the first half, Ohio State ran roughshod over Pitt to win by a score of 59 to 19 Boh Frye, Buckeye halfback, who made one of the first half touchdowns, suffered a broken leg late in the second quar-
ter
Michigan Routs Harvard The defeat by Iowa dropped the Badgers down into a tie with Mich igan, each team having won two and lost one The Wolverines were also scoring a lopsided triumph over a non conference foe last Saturday as they scored a 35 to Ttriumph over Harvard Paul White made two of the Michigan touchdowns, the first coming from the 9 yard line after a 91 yard advance in which White did some fine sprinting along with Robinson and Wiese The ever dependable Biieske converted five points after touchdown for the Wolverines Minnesota’s hopes for a share in the conference pigskin crown re ceived a severe jolt when the Hoosiers from Indiana scored a 7 to 0 victory over the Gophers in Minneapolis befoie a Dad’s Day crowd of 32 000 The Hoosiers scored late in the final quarter when Hillenbrand completed a pass to Pihos who went over for the tally The victory was Indiana’s first confeience triumph in three games, and foi Min nesota it was the second defeat in ioui confeience games This game marked the fiist time the Gophers weie beaten on their home field since Haiiy Newman and Michigan turned the tiiek way baek in 1912 Riveters Irail Hoosiers As a lesult of their suipiise win over the Gophers, Indiana moved out ahead of oui Boilei makei s in the confeience race since the Riveters have wono one while losing three Big Nine eontests Noi thwestei n continued then death giip on the cellai position, chalking up then fifth conseeutive eonfeienee deleat
The University course Was fohr miles in length last year, but bombing operations uilder thfe diirdction of the Civilian Defense School being conducted up back of the Stadium, necessitated re-routing of the runners to avoid casualties, and the course has been shorted to
three and one-half miles
Just to show the unbelieving that these men really work and don’t
just jog around lodkipg at the scenery it is interesting to take a look senior year at their schedule for a week _______ Starting out on Monday, the boys take it easy and just loosen up With a mere six or seven miles of running On Tuesday they take three or four half-mile sprints to get in shape for those last grueling yards at thq ^piqh of teh race Wednesday is set aside for time trials over the entue distance Thursday calls for a general workout, with perhaps a gatpe of “Hare and Hounds”, with a pair of the fastest men starting off and marking a trail for a mile or two and then heading off acrosSj the fields leaving it to the ingenuity of the rest of the squad to cafeh them Friday is spent loosening up muscles and getting in top form for the meets which are ordinarily on Sat-
urday
Next Monday the team travels to Chicago to enter the Big Ten meat at Washington Paik On the basis of compaiison of lecords, the Boilei makers have only Indiana to woriy about in the meet, with the Hoosiers constituting a considerable threat in view of then defeat of the Riveters
eailier in the season
The Nationals will follow closely on the heels of the Western Conference meet, but Coach Phillips and team have yet to decide whether they will take a crack at the National ciown, performance in the Big Ten possibly figuring in the final decision INTRAMURALS
The following fraternities will have A babkctba.ll i r iCLicc lues lay c ci int
Court 1-—Ro(l„erb
7 00 Acacia v Phi Kapp S *^ma ir Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Tau 8 00 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Pi Kappa
Alpha
8 16 Al»''ha Kappa Lambda vs Phi Sigma
Kappa
Cotirt 2—H Swartz I 0 Alpha Sign a Phi vs Pi Kappa Phi 7 lo Al^hd Tau Omega vb Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
8 00 Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Chi 8 15 Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Phi Lp
silon
Court 6—Emerson 00 Delta Chi vs Sigma Pi 7 16 Delta Tau P^Ita vs Sjgma Alpha
Mu
8 00 Delta Upsilori va Tau Kappa Ep
silon (
Huirle preped at Cathedial of Indianapolis wheie he won eight letters—thiee in football, two m basketball, and thiee in baseball He played fullback on the Cathedral eleven captaining it to its fiist In dianapohs City Championship his
It was in the winning
8 15 Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Nu The following Gary Hall basketball games will be played Wednesday evening
7 00 Unit 3 \s UnTt; 4 7 15 Unit 5 vs Unit 7 8 lo Unit 2 vs U^mt^
The finals in Ward touchball will be played Wednesday ive^ing on Field 1 at 4 15 with the winner of Ward 6 vs Owen and Ward 24 going to the finals J Ruda hicb and Ben Harvey Will be the officials for this I ame ^ ''The finals in the Interfraterni^y Steeple chase will b( run Wednesday evening at 4 20 p m Be sure and have your men at the starting point piompt The following trateinities are eligible to compete in the final mn ^,4 S i ’i ' 1st place Alpha KappatLambda
2n I rlace Iheta Xi Irlilace—Acacia
'1th 1 laee—Phi D Ita Theta
Ih place Delta Chi
6 h T lace Sigma Alpha jEpsjIon.
AI L CAMPUS BOWLING TOURNAMENT Schedule for Week 7—Nov 11 Nov 12
Wed 6 30—
Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Theta T^u Beta Theta Pi va Sigma Alpha E) silon Alpha Gamma Rho vs Lambda Ch Alpha Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Phi Lpsilon Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau Omega
Wed 8 46—
Pi Kappa Alpha vs Hilltops Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Tau
Dfiti Chi vs Phi Gamma Delti Beta Sigma Psi vs Delta Tau Delta
Theta Chi vs Sigma Nu
Thurs 6 30—
Pi Kappa Phi vs Tiiangle Delta Upsilon vs Alpha Chi Rho The following Waid A basketball prac tice games will be played Wednesday eve
ning
Court 1— 8 >0 Waid 10 vs Westminister Court 2— 7 00 Ward 6 vs Ward 9 1 Circle Pines \s Marwood 8 00 Chauncev vs Bivouac •8 15 International vs Millers Court 3— 00 Wil Mar vs Waldron Hall 7 15 Adams House vs University Hostel 8 00 Waid Z vs Roachdale 8 15 Steller Hall vs Forestry The following play off games in Intel fraternity touchball will be played Tues day evening at 4 15 Please be prepared to play your games as scheduled Field 2—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Sigma Kappa Umpires B ssing Musselman Field 3—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Kappa Psi Umpires Kodt eis i merson Field 4—Sigma Chi vs winnti of Theta Tau \s Sigma Ni Umpires Shook Whit
lock
i lell 5 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Delta Iheta Umpire Bcekei Marozick I lejd 6—Wai;d 6 vs Owen Ho se Um plies Hawkins Sprague
Otto Hurrle
of this championship that Ott played what to him was the most thiillmg game of his high school caieer In this game, he peisonally led his team to a 7 to 6 victoiy over a favored and always strong Shoit iidge team of Indianapolis Ott still has m his possession the football
used in that game
It was against this same Shoit iidge, only a yeai pieviously that Hurile played against what he con sideis to be the toughest opponent that he faced m high school This was none othei than Kenny Smock, now Ott’s teammate and tailback on Coach Burnham’s vaisity Huiile and Smock weie the components of a fiiendly but intense iivahy on the field of spoit duiing then high
school days
All City Twice
injuiy
Leugo Hurt Again Only one injury was suffered in the haid hitting tussle with the Sailors last Saturday Alex Leugo injuied his already weak ankle which he spiained in the Ohio State game Still on the injured list are Bob Hajzyk, stellar quarterback, who received a tackle shoulder in the Iowa encounter, and Ott Hurrle, sophomore centei, who sprained his aim in the same battle Barwegan May Return Coach Burnham is hopeful that the somewhat battered Boilermakeis will be reinforced for the Spaitan battle with the possible return of Smock, Warren, and B^rwegan to the lineup Barwegan, b^liant sophomoie light guard, was mjuied in the Wisconsin g^me and was lost foi the Iowa tilt He saw little action in the Great La^eS game, but is expected to return to full time action next Satuiday
Stram Shines
If Smock returns to the backfield, it will tend to alleviate a ticklish situation that has been aggravated by the loss of veteian quarterback Bob Hajzyk Smock will probably share time at left halfback with dynamic “Hurrying Hank” Stram, 160 pound, 5 foot, 6 inch sophomore. Hank IS the smallest man on the Boilei maker squad His spectaculai peiformances against Iowa and Gieat Lakes weie the bright spots of the Boilei maker attack His ability with his educated toe has been outstanding this seasdn also Tied Last Year Last yeai’s invasion by Michigan State ended in an uneventful R-O deadlock Fust the Boilermakers would threaten the Gieen and White Spaitans and then the tables would turn, as a result both teams fai^d to cioss the pay dirt line and the spectatois went home with a look of disgust So far this season the Bachman - coached Spartans have had a not too impiessive season highlighted only by a surprising 14 0 vietoiy ovei Hinkle’s Sailors of
Gieat Lakes State Erratic
In their fiist encounter, the Michigan Stateis were whitewashed by the Wolveiines of Michigan U, led by Tom Kuzma, by a 20-0 verdict.
As a lewaid foi his giidiion ex
ploits Hinile was twice named to Next, they tangled with Marquette All City teams m Indianapolis and and came out on the short erjd of
Sport'S Staff All f-ophomores or jqnjors of eithei semester interested in petitioning for junior oi senior jobs leport to the spoits office Wed nesday at 4 p in , , —HADLEY
A bit of a family feud may liven Michigan’s football game with Ohio
made the Indiahapolis News’ All State squad his senioi yeai In addi tion to this he leceived medals two
State at Columbus Novembei 21 if yeais in succession fiom the Puidue Paul White of the Wolveiines and Alumni Association of Indianapolis his biothei, J T White, of the These medals aie annually awaided Buckeyes aio in the contest at the to the most pioficient pigskin pei same time (See MEET 1 HE TEAM, page 4)
“That’s the happy greeting heard today when a new supply of Coke arrives at a cooler. Folks wait for it... wait because the only thing like Coca>Cola is Coca-Cola itself. Customers smile and start moving up to pause and be refreshed. “|<here’s a cheerful spirit about this way of accepting wartime restrictions. Morale is high.’’
BOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY Coca Cola Bottling Co, ot Lafayette, Ind , at bth and Salem Sts ■ ■ ■ ' ■ - , ——.
BOWLING
It s the best of winter sports!
IS FUN!
Everyone should play the game!
This is the time to start if you haven’t learned the game! Come down anytime—today! / JluL fiiUidusL WjmtrdoL lAnwfL Just take a walk through the building!
a 28 7 seoie They were without the sei vices of Dick Kieppe, stai halfback in this encountei, which might account foi then perfoimaace. Gieat Lakes was next on their list and they sunk the Sailois in a i4-0 upset battle The Spai tans then took on Temple and a 7-7 tie resulted. Last Satuiday the Bachman boys met Washington State and were vanquished 26 13 Fullback Gjngiass accounted foi one of the Spaitans touchdowns and the second countei came when Pete Fomari, halfback mteicepfed a pass on the Michigan State 14 yard line, run to the 50 and then lateraled to Bob Ottmg, substitute halfback, who tallied Watch Kieppe The man to watch on the Spartan squad is veisatile left halfback Diek Kieppe who has done most oi the stalling foi the Gieen and White eiew this season Kieppe is baqked up by a capable gioup of grtddeis that aveiage about the same weight as oui own Boilermakers Both teams aie somewhat evenly mutchied as to size and ability Camera Club Wilt Show Photographs Bill Purman. piesident of the Caraeia Club announced yesteiday that the exhibit of photographs which weie submitted to the (yameia Club’s photography contest would not be put on display la the Music Room of the Union until to-1%^' j" l/i'ii ' Tp i4
f
& <,<t
#1
J^urdue J^xpanmt^
y ^
dAaim
Tumduy, Nmembhr 1^ 2^^ —- -^- •■ '--r - ■■ 4r'^....^T
iroup
Thursday Evening At 5
te On A>|ieildii<ent$ ^ jjl ■....a-W-4I II V„ " ^
Naval Ordnance Officers Will Induct ISeiiiors Thursday
Rationing Changes Date Of High School Debate Conference
Thursday is th^ date set foi the
Naval Ordnance work by Navy Pei sonnel Officers To avoid any delay in the completion of aiiangements,
Thursday at 5 p. m., Associated Women Students will hold a Sp^eituig, m W-ood Hall to vote pn the following changes in
the constitution proposed at a recent meteing:
Section 1. The officers of the association will be a president,
a vice-president, a secretary and a treasurer, elected to hold mterviewnig anT mffiiction of all office for one University term. This set of officers shall hold* Umveisity seniors interested m
office from their installation date <two to four weeks following their election) to the installation date of officers elected during the following
University term
Section S (a) The president and thfe Vice-pr’esident shall be elected iiNoHi among the incoming seventh or eighth semester women stu
depts
tc) The secretary shall be elected from the incoming sixth or seventh term Women students (d) The treasurer shall be elected from the rncomnig sixth or seventh term women students (e) Any office! or r epi esentative who otheinvise qualifies as a candi date for any office is eligible for re-
election
Article V, Executive Board Section 1 There ghall be an exe
cutive board composed of the of fleers of the organization, the piesi dent of YWCA, the president of WaA, the coed editoi of the Ex-
ponent, the coed executive of the . . t i t i>/r * , , ’ j j i 4-1- over the senate, while James M Student Union, coed editor oi the _ j- tr i. i j?
“Debris, one representative of the Knapp of Hagerstown, speaker of months of training an cngmeciing musical organizations Coed execu Eepiesentatives, graduate is able to become a vslu Te of T Purre ’ Indepe.ffient ^ able Naval Ordnance officer Association, the president of the conference will AnTngelmntr have been made Panhel en!c Council, the coed exe- , i , ,, , , , Aiiangemeius nave oeen maac
, . ^ iftclude the usual law making pro
CutiVe of the Activities Bureau the
Williams To Visit Broadcast Conference Gilbert D Williams, program dr-
Notices ^
PI 1
All ROTC StudihtB* New Regulation coticerning Moke Up’ for absence from Mill tary classes is posted on Armory Bulletin Board All ROTC students should read this regulation during their next hour in the Armory —GRAHAM MfUithiri' ball CoMnllUee Mcfetfn^r iQuiolrroW Kt 7 80 h m ih Receptldh Robtn of the Onion Sabre and sabie chain should
—JACKSON
Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting for elec* tion of pledges postponed Dhtb will be an-, nounced later —MAIER Gimlet Cluhki Paddles have arrived shd may be bbtalned from me by ooihing to the PhiwSl hpuse at any time —PRASEl^ PratemUy ttusli Ohaitmeii ttary Hall rush IS now open However men cannot be
pledged until second semester
—WILCOX
Alpha Pill Omega The annual hantiuet will be held Suhdpy NoV 14 For reservations apd paHlcu|Brs seb or call Kuch, 2S1
Hall immediately
SW Catji-
- bender
rector of radio station WBAA, wiTl represent the University at the eighth aijinual Shhoel Broadcast conference to be held in Chicago tomorrow and Thursday Williams is
All Women Swimmers Beginning ballet
Surveying Studants An examlrtftHbrt^fW removal of C grades in C E 6 Will oh nwn in Room 101 C ,E huildfn at A p iH Saturday Nov 14 Permits must the bp-*
talhed in room 102rbetore
-{-JfOMMEljj'
PeultRy Science Clih I^TOleSSoi;
Butt will apeak Thursday October 12 7 30 p m Hia subject i8 The BUts of 01^6 Poultry Industry All students Interesteu in ptmitry are urged ta attend This west-
ing will be in room 212 of the
All Students Thebe ate still soMfe U^iversity iDirflctories left Ab lone the sub ply lasts atiy studeht Who has not ali^eAdy obtained a copy may get one by oalling fit the Registrar s office and presenting hjs
evening In South Hall living lOoVH after the Distinguished Student dinner Mr Bar ney Schmidt will speak Committees have some repoH< -^RIGGS PO^iit\ Imp6lftant but fehoi*t business meeting tomorrow at 4 p m in the Armory
, TV CoTistitutionnl revisions Will be made and an eXGCUtlV© inSnibGl <^I ln.G advisoiy attendance is expected council, a position he has held since -JACKSON 1938 hletalfurglcal Engineers Election of offi „.,ii cers and film on aluminum at the meeting This years conference will again ifBursday night Room 201 Heavilon, Hall
7 30 —BCHALLIOL Glider Club Important meeting Thurs day night at ” 30 in room 303 of the Union There will be an election of members
—BALL
A.lpha t-alubda toblta t Meeting a| ^ SO this group will practice every Monday at 4 30 passport —RALPHS STONE Registrar
the Navy lequires that all persons devoted to the pioper utilization who schedule interviews must have j^dio progiams by schools and their papers complete at the time teachers throughout the middle of interview, although these persons ^ggt Special emphasis will be
will not be under any obligation to placed on demonstiations to classes aws Ekccutlve Bcard Meeting Wednes-
With the approval oMhe state de- enlist, if aftei the interview they listening to the vaiious educational «t 4 p m m AAM.ee -ckoll
paitment of public instruction and decide not to do so piograms termg ®rlo"nam"eT^^
of high school teacheis, the date of Variety Of Responsibilities According to Williarns, With t^am call pie any mgbt before Thnr day the 13th Annual High School De- The Bmeau of Oidnance is le- gasoline and lire lationmg to be con- 36164 -re7IK bate Conference has been changed sponsible for the maintenance, as sideied, it is expected that even umo^“today\t“7'1o”p'mToT e^bon^of fiom the filst Week in Decembei to -well as the pioduction, of the en-* more emphasis will be placed on the pledges —DIETS Novembei 19 and 20 The change tne oidnance furnished Naval air use of ladio as an auxiliary to the Agricuiiuns? Business SiallE was effected because of the difficulty planes, all types of ships and the classioom, thus eliminating possible pjea^c attend meeting tomorrow at |^p^m
of transpoitation undei gas latioh Mamies It equips all meichant fisld tups hoictofore consideied ‘ ^
mg
equips
ships with then guns and ammuni
Headline speakers of the confei tion, all submaimes with then tor ence will be Governol Heniy F pedoes, all dtstioyeis and sub Schiickei and State Supeiintendent thaseis with depth chaiges and the Clement T Malan p p boats not only with toi pedoes, Debateis will be divided into the but with toipedo office! s to opeiate
necesSaiy
tvo houses of the state legislatuie as has been customaiy, with some seiving as “seiiatois” and some as “lepresentatives ” Foimei slate senatoi Fied F Eichhoin of Gaiy chan man of the Indiana Public Seivice Commission will pioside
P. W. Lambetl To Speak Before ASMS Tonighf Speakei for the meeting of the
them student bi anch of the Amei ican So A veiy thoiough tiainmg coinse ciety of Mechanical Engineeis to be
has been developed which gives in held tonight
PIA Membership Salesmen Turn books m to me OH Thursday m the oltiee between 4 and f p m Last chance —PEDI AR Student War Council Meeting Wednos day night it 7 16 in Student Union Office
—DEUSTER
Volleyball Callout Monday Nov 16 at 4pm Como dressed to play
—CAMPBFLI
Volleyball Officials’ Rating CourSc Call out Thursday Nov 13 at 4 p m in cvni Lveiyone eligible \ CAMPBEI I
stiuction in subiects such as toi pedoes, mines, file contiol, explo sives, optics, etc Captain V u! Auken, Chief of the Buieiu of Old
loom 108 of the
ME building at 7 30 IS P W Lam scabbard and uTaTe bell. Resident Inspeetoi foi the 'Wednesday at
British All Commission
I ambell seived foi a peiiod of six
nance states that aftei about eight yeais in the giound engmeciing di
vision of the Biitish Royal An Poice, allei seveial yeais of piac fical expeiience m engmeeiing wmk Following this, he seived as an aei onautical engine mstiuetor in the RAI He is now on duty m the
foi those interested to take physical
UUTlve ui l-iiu ACLiviLieb ouitJciu Lilli j ^ X..* A form nresident of the House Piesldents’ debates, and special examinations at the Student Health United States with the Aeionautical at my office V/ u iViof > n/>f wi^i/ifTViOG ‘frvi fVirvco in t. t-v, -nir TT-- .
^ iVistiuctional me^tiugs foi thosB iH Sprvioo this -wpoP Di Millei Council, the goveinoi of WRH, the . , , a service tnis weex ui miiiei president of the Town Gills’ Club, S^orthe^s^Srde students who desiie ex
the chairman of the Judicial Board, p^rtment will be m chaigT^"' ' "
InteC melnbers at laige, oile iticommg’ fourth or fifth term womah student and two incoming thud oi fouith semestei women students, to hold office for one term, two fiist oi second teim membeis at laige, to be elected duiilig the first month
Foimal initiation
30 p vu in the Armorv
Pledges bring clean white handkeichiel LvoiyloJy wear unifoim unless it is being cleaned Formation foi the Military Bali will be explained This is a stab meeting jfot actives —-SPENCER Alpha 2eta Impntanl meeting tonight in loom 306 of the Union at 7 30 Pledges will be chosen —DiESSLIN Navy V 7 Jnniois and seniors who are absemblmg papers supporting their request foi enlistment in V 7 Who are under 21 years of age must submit three copies of parents consent plaipeily nolanred Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be obtained
—KNAPP
,, ... All interested come then Advanced group Will practice every Thursday at B pm . -JOHNSON SCA Members The regulni board meet ing will be held Tuesday November 10 at 7 30 p m An invitation is extended o all SCA members to listen to our sponsor Dean Goldsmith and to take part in the discussion that Will follow Please be prompt -MOGAVDRO All Male Students Enlistments in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of the Army closes on December 31 1942 If you desire o enlist and have not yet applied your appli cation should bt placed immediately in Room B4 ih the basement of the Armory
—GRAHAM
All Freshman Men Entries for the Blv eridge Speech Contest must bo made before 6 o cloch Wednesday November 11 For full details on the cotnest see yoUr house debate manager or call at the Forensic oflice room 386 of the Union any week day between 4 and 6pm —ROSS Tan Beta FI Meeting postponed until Tuesday November 10 at 7 30 p m in room 263 of the Union It is veiy important
that all members be present
—YOUNGBLOOD
Sept Oct Cods Group Qualification Cei tificates may be obtained in the Supply Room in the Armory by those students of the September October Code Group that
qualified at 6 w p m oi better
—HESTFRBLRG
Skull and Crescent Picnic will b« held Tuesday November 10 Melt at the Phi
Delta Theta house at 7 p m
—SPRICGS
ASML Meeting luesday Noeombei 10 loom 108 of the Mechanical Building Mr I ambell ol the British An Commission on The Tund of Aiieinft Engine Design
Ft OYD
'•Triton Club Regular meeting Tuesday at 7 30 Please attend veiy imp( rteiit
—BRAWNF
Sophomore Debris Workers Theie will be an impoitant meting of all soilhomore Debus woikeis Tue day Novembei 10 at 4 30 p m in the Debris Workshop
KRULL
Alpha Lambda Delta Since the d nner in lionol of distinguished WRH stu lents is luesday evening the Alplia lambda Delta meeting mil bt at 3 30 in South Hall living loom Ml Bainey Si 1 midt will speak
Rices
Skull and Crescent I addles are in Pick them up at T lu Epsilon } hi — JACOBS
Rlflery All girls must have rifleiry prActiees completed ^thii} the hfeXt t^o weeks Make up praclloes bn Monday Tuesday or Thursday nights —WILBUR Radio Club Meeting Wednesday Nov 11 at 7 30 p m in room 5 of Uie EE Building The Director bf the Wat Emergency Radio Systems will be the principal speaker AU interested p<>rsonS ate invited to attend
—FI^EYMAN
Purdue Players Music Hall at 7
for tour
Meet at west stage door p m Tuesday NbV l« —ZISSIS^
Gimlet Club Important dinner meeting Tuesday night Nov 10 at 6 p hi at Die bigma Nu house —PRA^EIl
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, gdni, luggage typewriters Alberts Loan OiTice, 407 Columbia s Typewriters—Adding macnlnes, all make* sold rented repaired and purchased MlWf ograph work done C J BJbershoff, 60S Main, Lafayette Phone 2770 Carriers Wanted—Apply at Exppnent Of fiCG or phone 3051 Ask for Klouman Wanted—Boys to Work in Purdue tlpion Catcteiia Apply Purdue Union Cafetetia For Rent—Rooms $10 and apartment Fveiything furnished Good location 401
State Phoni
Young lady fii full time or minimum half time assistant bookkeeping position Apply at Soulhworth s mornings Young man foi full time oF mimmutn half time shipping and stock room work Apply bouthwoiths mornings
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair SQtvice SOUTHWORTH^S
Fire Inspectors Receive Diplomas
animations should lepoit to him personally as soon as possible, so that an appointment foi the exam
Illation may be made
Anyone inteiested in these intei views should sign up in the Pei son ncl Office as sOon as possible so that
Inspection Duectoiate of the An
Mmistiy
The meeting is open to all who aie
inteiested
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth
Poultry Science Club There is to be a Vciy imiiortant meeting November 12 Ev cryone inUrested in poultry is uiged to attend —BOOKER
Exponent Seniors keys should see me
Those desirinpc ^jold
sinncc
GJEMRE
PATRONIZE teXPONENT ADVERTISERS
of each term to hold office for the Engmeeiing at the Univeisity, remaiiider of the teim, and the jiwarded diplomas to 50 membeis chairmen of all standing commit fof a special Fiie Depaitment In tees of the association 1 structoi’s Training class at the Um
Sec 2. The voting membei of the veisity, sponsored by tbe Office of
Executive Boaid shall”include the Civilian Defense The eighty houi officers of the association, the five class m WaT time fiie defense closed membeis at laige and the chan men Fliday nbon aftei an intensne two
of all the standing committees of the weeks of instiuction
association Instiuctois foi the course weie Ardde VI, Judicial Board Pi of W Fred Heislei, Oklahoma
^Sbctionl There shall be a 3udicial ^ Cox of the
bdAid composed of three seventh oi Industrial Inspection Bureau, who
eighth term students, two fifth or siKth term students, two thud or
fmtth term students and one fiist oi members oi the class re second teim student Umveisity Fiiday to
, , attend an extia class on Civilian
<b) Membeis of the Judicia presented by Col W A
Boaid,withtheexception of the first 01 second term lepiesentatives,
piofessoi of management at
,, ,,, 1 1 1 u 1 the Umveisity will speak befoie
vtV a A 1 1_ 1. TX the Navy officials may he notified ^ i r^i a W A Kfiapp, Assistant Dean of , ,, , u c the Indiana Chapter of the Amen
^ as to the appioximate numbei of in „ , „ , , , can Society of Mechanic il Engi tei-views to expect , rr, , ,,, ,7-,
neeis next Tuesday, Novembei 17
Buy War Bonds
Prof H A Bolz vice chan man ot the Central Indiana Section of ASME made aiiangements for hei appeal ance at the meeting
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W V-anMeter, Pres.
Ifyoutookthetroubletounscramblethis ad—tbenyousboiildmakesureyour nextshirtisanArrow.
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
shall be nominated by the piesidenteiect and approved by the officers elect prior to then installation (c) Each membei shall hold office
ed heie
The school was attended by leplesentatives fiom ten states who will seive as teacheis of civilian file
for two terms One third oi fourth protection to fiie depaitments and term student, one fifth 01 sixth teim auxiliary fiiemen in then various student, and one seventh oi eighth communities
term student shall be appointed oi
re appointed by the piesident of the association each term to hold office for two terms Nominating to fill Vacancies sh^ll be made by the piesideht and shall be appioved by the Exccutiye Board Meet The Team (Continued fiom page 3) formeis in that city Hurrie alternated at center and forti^ard on the Cathedi al hai dwood t^ra* It Was on the basketball couit that he played against Billy Hillen brand, now of Indiana University fame and then ol Memoiial of Evansville Hurile and Hillenbiand Jiave yet to meet on the giidiion, though the chances of such a meet ing this fall ai e vei y likely Ott was also the catchei and jiowci hittei on Cathedi al’s baseball team PE Sophomore Ott IS now a sophonioie in the ' fiool of Physical Education When nof toiling on the field ol athletic cndeavoi, he enjoys the iclaxing jiistimes of hunting and fishing Frkternally he is a incmbci of the Aljiha Tau Omega social fiatcinity and a Ihemhci of the Enlisted Rc
serVP Corps
Oairy Club Will Hear Prof. Gregory Tonight J|l^ii-yi^£lub will hold its regular monthly meeting tonight at 7 30 p m 4n room 108 of Smith Hall Piofessol fi W Gregory, head of the dairy dopaitment, will speak on “'Tbe Dany Situation,” a subject wJUpb should be of pi ime impoi tanee tp adl dairy students jp'ieShiTirai daily students are WpWiaUy urged to attend and any
are welcome,
Metallurgy Classes To Open This Week Registiation foi the new wai tiaimng classes in elemental y mo tallurgy physical inetalhiigy, pio duction metalluigy and metallo graphic laboiatoiy practice being given now at the University will be accepted this evening m Room 101 of Michael Golden Shops The class in metallogiaphie lab oiatoiy piactiee will meet Saturday afternoons liom 1 to 5 All othei elasse^in metalluigy will meet two evening a week foi 12 weeks from 7 to 10
Be the Beau of the Ball! To create that savoir-faire impression, wear an Arrow Sliorebam irt’ Shoreham has a smoothitting semi-starclied attaclied collai, a sniait semi-starch ed bosom, and is cut to avoid hunchiness. Sanforizedlabeled (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). $350 Arrow Dress Ties, $1
New under-arm r Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
, Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate skin Nowaitingtodry Can be used right after shaving Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor A pure white greaseless stainless vanishing cream Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Launder ing for berng harmless to fabric
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NtWS AND COMMENT
A BUY tf. S. WAR BOHPi AND iTAMR$ ♦
ARROW SHIRTS
HidUimL
Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
pOR a clear and convincing picture of thi eource of notional and foreign affairs, look to The Woshington Merry-Go-Round. You'll find in this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put and authentic facts you wont to know—and, in these days, need to know. You'll find out who's who bock of the bofiyhoo, the influences underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round appears
DREW PEARSON
PURDUE
THE EXPDIVEMT
IT