'S,^''- ;\^ ;/ P,, -' ^ 1' ,/ ;,' 41^.., , ^», v.,. j’-' >• ^ Sy ^ r. ;- , -
'¥' ,<^ 1“' t‘"^'fi’'‘''r'j- V'-'A’'^' I’"l#-frli*€t'^ 1.?/'.'■' -t*' 1^3 ‘ .<• . ' ? V ,,‘, r-f •
‘ af / i '
,• ^ J'l''“r
MERRY-GO-ROUND Says President Jumped 1 Gun In Food Conference
EDITORIAt: 1 Discusses Students^ Impressions Of Halifax
Established 1889
No, We Don’t
Volume 56, No. 24
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, June 22, 194S
ASAE Delegates Convene 875 Soldiers To Augment Navy. Here For 36th Meeting Marine Service Programs Here
Walker Highlights Day's Proceedings With Talk; Dean H. J. Reed Welcomes Agricultural Engineers Approximately 300 engineers from various parts of the United States assembled in the Union yesterday morning to begin the 36th annual meeting of the American Society of
Agricultural Engineers,
Highlight of the day’s activities was a talk by the president of the organization, Harry B. Walker, head of the Agricultural Engineering Division, Univer
sity of California, given in the afternoon following a welcome to the University by Harry J. Reed, Dean of Agriculture.'
A dinner meeting followed
by round table discussions oil agricultural engineering education as applied to colleges, was climaxed by
a flsh-fry for all delegates.
Halifax Describes Various Phases Of British War Effort At Convocation
President Elliott Presents Ambassador With Document Honoring Career Of Leadership, Presence Here
Ag Teachers Meet To Discuss Modern Training Problems
.\
Yesterday marked the first dSy of general sessions composing the
In his annual address, Walker de- ^twenty-ninth annual conference for
manded that the principles of private enterprise and individual initiative in American agriculture be preserved. He said that if the farmers are deprived of the privilege to exercise common sense and judgment which years of experience have developed, we will then have
made inoperative some of the most various phases of agriculture,
valuable productive assets of Amer-
ican farming.
Pamphlets Available Several pamphlets were available
vocational agriculture teachers being held at the Univefsity for three days. In an informal atmosphere of cigarette smoke and shirt sleeves, about 300 vocational teachers from high schools in almost every county in Indiana lounged in their chairs as they listened to short talks on
Monday was named Victory Day; today is Professional Day and Wednesday will be Technical Day, indicating the general trend of topics
for the edification of the delegates discussed in thg sessions held in Ih
attending the meetings, one of which described the activities and cording to Dr. Karl T. Compton, qualifications of the engineers. Acsaid the pamphlet, “an agricultpral engineer is one who through appli-
East and West Faculty lounges of
the Union.
, , , Halls Saturday night and will begin
C. H. Elliott of Angola acted asJ^^ g.^Q presiding officer yesterday as he in-
troduced J. H. Pearson, U. S. Office decorations will be in nauti-
By Bill Tyson
‘This' institution represents in its search for truth and justice, the real cause that my people have in the present war,” said Lord Halifax, British Ambassador to the United States, at the beginning of his address before an assembled gathering of 5,000 students and townspeo-
ple yesterday afternoon.
At the end of the convocation. President Elliott presented W. H. Gallienne, Consul General at Chicago, Angus McDonnell, accompanying Lord Halifax, J. W. Noel, Vice president of the Board of Trustees, and A1
Stewart to the audience. Then as an added feature,
the president gave the ambassador a read leather bound certificate. In making the presentation he said, “If the King wants to know why you weie away from Washington, just show him Invitations to the WRH summer this.”
bid dance are being handed out by Qf Certificate
the residents of North, South, and Wood Halls of the Women’s Residence Hall^ in the form “Board the good ship Hilarity and have a hilarious time.” The dance, which is semiformal, will be held in the recrearion rooms of North and South
WRH To Hold Nautical Dance; Eddie Mack Will Provide Music
The certificate was inscribed with
the following words:
“In recognition of the consideration accorded Purdue University by His Excellency the Right Honorable the Viscount Halifox, K. G., G. C. S. I., British Anrbassador to the United States, and in appreciation of his career'of personal leadership in human affairs, of his serv-
Civilians May Register In Same Courses With Trainees July 1 Eight hundred seventy-five army men under the ASTP i»’ogram will augment the 1,250 Navy and Marines in the serv^ program going into effect July 1 at the University, it was iinnounced last night by T. R. Johnston, director of the University’s Bureau of Information. These men will be talcrn^ oidy the basic engineering courses offered here. Nine hundred of the 1,260 Navy and Marine trainees will — represent at least 50 different
universities and colleges scattered throughout the MidWest. These men will be allowed to continue in the con^ of study that they are now pursuing with slight modifications to meet Naval and Marine requirements. Civil, electrical and mecbtoical engineers will be switched to
WBAA is auditioning for announc- Navy program which is very ers, student musical talent, script- similar to the regular curriculum writers and sound-effects techni- offered to them by the UniVe*i^y.
clans. Especially for the benefit of Chemical and metallurgical
intra-session freshmen and all oth- neers, science, ag and pharmacy ers who have missed previous try- majors will continue in the regular
+ MiT » /I iim, TvT • periods, this special test will be University curriculum, with modifi-
. , the last to be held at WBAA until cations
Strike will be shown to the student cpmpster
’ ■ - _ . _ - the fall semester. Students To Enter
Would-be announcers should not
Col. Johnston To Show 'Know Your Enemy' Films In Fowler Hall
WBAA Will Hold Callouts Friday
Afternoon At Three
Friday afternoon from 3 until 6,
of Education, Washington, who committees of ices to the cause of the Allied Na-
body tomorrow by Col. Johnston, commandant of the Civilian Protection School at the University as a part of a series of “know your enemy” films. These will be shown at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Thursday two more films will be
reviewed, “Divide and Conquer” and trained and given experience in the “The Battle of Britain.” ‘ WBAA studios hhve been and are The series shows the causes and being placed in professional posievents leading to the present war, tions with commercial radio sta-
cation of mathematics, the physical on “The Function of a De- the various haUs will have charge tions as His Majesty’s Ambassador beginning with the march of the tions from coast to coast. and biological sciences and econom- parfment of Vocational Agriculture of the dance. The chairmen of these to the United States, and especially j ggg into Manchuria and end-Tryouts Will Last One Day
OVI.1 -..rifi, o,/i •fin.fVior ■Fvnm ra- ... „ , Committees are: Pat Patterson, —
ics, and with aid further, from results obtained through observation, experience, scientific discovery, and invention, so utilizes the materials
and directs the forces of nature that agriculture.
in the Present Situation.” Pearson concluded his remarks by urging the teachers present not to waste training and experience needed in
they may be made to operate to the benefit of society.” ; According to the pamphlet, agricultural engineers may be classed as belonging to the public service group or the private industry group. The first consists of extension ertgineers working in colleges, and men working for the U. S. Depart(See ENGINEERS, page 4)
Caryl MacDiarmid, and Dottie Goh-
mann.
Eddie Mack Will Play
Entertaining the dancers in South Hall will be Eddie Mack and
“Help the farmers meet their re-
sponsibility in the production of his orchestra from the Illinois cam-
pus. Refreshments will be served in
the Grill.
The entertainment will be the last social function sponsored by the
food for the nations by not dissipating time and energy on the farhi,” he said. Thus he urged keener effort in the training of rui'al youth for the big job of food production. After this lecture the presiding officer invited everyone to stand up, (See AG TEACHERS, page 4)
of his effectiveness as an envoy of good will, the Trustees, the Officers and the Faculty of Purdue University have caused this record to be presented to His Excellency on the occasion of his visit to the University on June 21, 1943. The document was sealed and signed by the vice president of the Board of Trustees, J. W. Noel, and by President
Elliott.”
Speaking in the cool of the Music
Entering with this last group arc
attend unless they feel they really V-12 high school students, who will have unusual speaking talents as begin as freshmen and be registered the basic vpice is all-important for jn tbe Navy program from the start, this division of the WBAA staff. As Civilian freshmen and those Navy a previous Exponent feature story and Marine reserves who have not pointed out, however, announcers received their orders may also take
these Naval courses and will be just one semester ahead when they go
into uniform in November. These service men \;rill be quar-
tered by the University in CaryHaH and various fraternities throu^o^ut the campus. Those living in houses
ing with both British and captured tryouts period Friday will be
German films of the unsuccessful the only one at this time, with.no on the souMi section of ^he caippl^
attempt of the Nazis to invade the
British Isles. ^
IRC Forum Features Education Systems Tonight at 7:30 the International Relations Club will hold an open
additional auditions the following will eat in the Union while thosa day, as has been the practice in the who live in or near Cary Hall will past. Musicians, other than pian- "eat there,
ists, should bring their own accom-
panists.
Script-writers will be given written tests, and all other positions will be registered at this same time. The tryouts will stop at 6 promptly
Coed Causes Chem Teacher's DownfaH
halls before the boys on campus Hall on various aspects of the war, forum in the lounge of thp Univer- whether the entire group has been
enter the armed services the first of
July.
Beauty In A 'SarT . . . Pritha Kumarappi Pictures Customs^ Life Of India Before WRH Girls
Lord Halifax presented his talk on sity Presbyterian Church, the topic tested or not, so early attendance is
its three phases, what the British of discussion being the educational suggested, are fighting for, how it is going, and systems of Europe and the Amer-
what kind of a world the English jcas. are hoping for after the end of the
By Carolyn Wilbur Pritha Kumarappa, a native of India, who has been on the campus since September, 1942, spoke to the girls of WRH Thursday evening, presenting a colorful picture of Indian customs as a farewell message before leaving for a position in the
East.
Pritha arrived in America six years ago. It was the weather which most pleased her, landing in New York on a beautiful sunny day. Since then she has learned that the weather, even in America, especially the Middle West, can be very un-
pleasant.
Baffled By American Customs She first attended Junior College in Massachusetts and was quite dumbfounded to hear, “Hello, how are you?” as she walked to and
All schools are private and a high Indians Believe In Holidays school diploma is received at the India is a land of festivities with end of the ninth grade; a student long Hindu and Mohammed festimay then attend college four years, vals, a celebration' on the King’s In comparing the educational sys- birthday, the Queen’s birthday, their tem of India and America, Pritha wedding date and bank holidays said that students in her country thrown in; in fact, no one is
are given a more intensive course missed.
during their nihe years of basic " Pritha clarified the feeling of the schooling than we receive in twelve people toward Gandhi by saying years, thus giving them a better that the masses are for (Gandhi befoundation. Intensive study is pos- cause he has done much for them, sible due to the small number of His main project has been to clean students in each class—she was one up the rural districts, theieby aidof three in her graduating class. ing India’s 96 per cent illiterate. All subjects are taught in Eng- The educated people realize that lish and anyone talking with Pritha Gandhi is a smart man, but they can will notice that she speaks better not understand him due to his conEnglish than most native-born servativeness and compromising naAmericans. ture. India is in need of much and Blind Dates Unknown In India with Gandhi so willing to comproIn answer to queries on daj;es, mise, the possible gains are de-
I Ail CViiOVVCJ. OV ^J[U.d.lCO Wil VI
from classes, and as she i^ould turn recreation of young4)eo>-creased.
to express her feelings the question- pj^^ informed the WRH’ei%4hat Ilians Like British ers were a ready bloc cs away. (jates were unheard of ana it The pe^e of India like the BritThis American custom was a new orthodox boys and ish and wanAto be their friends but one and just as baffling as our very dates at all. Jin ortho- they disappioVe of the British polfree use of adjectives, our system families, girls meet only their icy. Most of Inclia’s political leadof blind dates, and our escalators. cousins and other girls; it is their ers are in prison and England should
Pritha has many beautiful “saris” parents who choose their future husand during her informal talk she band. Of those who do date, it is demonstrated the art of draping a m the form of group parties not
single dating as we are accus-
tomed.
The occupations of India are much the same as here with one exception — women secretaries, clerks.
conflict.
Want Free Men And Women I “We want free men and women seeking out truth; the Germans do not,” he said. He further described the Germans as a group subservient to an ideal and not individualists with a desire to search for what is true and right. (See HALIFAX, page 4) LSU Dean Sees Peace After Allied Victory That we can obtain a just peace only after the war ends in an allied victory is the belief of Dean William O. Scroggs of the graduate school at Louisiana State University, accoi'ding to a report by the Associated Collegiate Press. If we seek the peace without victory that some pacifists are now advocating, we are in reality sacrificing our liberty for the glory of the German Tuehrer, Dean Sci’oggs asserts. Such action would not give us a just peace, but would only mean defeat and dishonor for the
nation.
Can’t Stop In Middle
“This war is like a surgical opera* tion,” he believes. We cannot stop in
Questions such as: “Is our American eight semester college plan as advanced as the European system ? ” and “How exclusive are the English public schools?” are to be discussed. Members of the IRC will first present information on the systems used in various countries so that the most important school
systems can be covered.
SDX To Honor Miller, Hockema At Banquet
Sigma Delta Chi,
honorary, will hold a banquet Sunday evening at six in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Presentations of the annual Good Teacher and Leather Medal awards, won
The forum, under the auspices.of y^^^. y^y pi-ofessor “Bill” Miller
The powers of a woman are never to be underestimated. Yesterday Mr. Mezey, an instructor in tke chem department, was riding Tiisi,bicycle in the rain away froin the Chemistry Building. Two coeds were walking home in the rain, One of whom Mr. Mezey knew. Gratings were exchanged, the convsi^tion having reached the stage '
journalistic ^ezey’s turn to tell ev-
eryone how he was.
“Pine,” he said, but the occa^n proved to be more than his eqalBbiribum could hold for with thMe words his bicycle slipped and Mr. Mezey landed in a puddle.
the IRC, will be open to faculty,
students and townspeople.
Notice
There will be a meeting of the advertising staff of the Exponent tonight at 7 in the office. Important.
A. J. Keim.
of the Mechanical EngineeringSchool and Frank C. Hockema, Assistant to the President, will be made following the dinner. The featured note of the program will be a roundtable discussion by many faculty members on the “Principles of Good Teaching.”
Penalty Days, Friday, July 2 and Tae'sday, July 6 are penalty days. A student who is absent from class oa either of these two days will be assessed a fee of $5.00 for each day or fraction there of missed.
A Man's A Man For A' That... Wartime Forces To Provide Their
Fraternity Men Own Necessities
By Pcff Steffes
after a few weeks, so the boys de- more efficient, and the job was fiiialWith aimed forces invading the ^y campus soon, fraternity men are hands, literally. Several gal- Confused Man
moving out this week amid much yjjnj2ecl tubs full of hot water were Then came the toucliy sidiject of good natured gi iping, groaning and dragged up to the roof one swelter- hanging up the stuff. Some entpty collecting of miscellaneous articles, Saturday afternoon—a difficult clothes line was discovered in the Such as one bunch who scoured maneuver, but the sunshine helped back yaid of an adjacent house, so
realize that this is wrong because the middle of it. It is comparable bouse for wire clothes hang- water warm. A couple car- the youths commenced draping the
sari. One for evening wear was of black georgette with gold sequins, creating an appearance of sleek sophistication on the wearer. Girls of India begin wearing saris
it will be through the leaders, and the leaders only, that the British will be able to get to the masses. Pritha left yesterday for Hartford, Conn., where she will act as a psychiatric aide but hopes to return
to India as soon as she can book
at different ages—some while still etc., are out of the question; women passage. In her native land she ..v,
in grade school, others when of high are excluded from such commercial plans on tefiching in nursgry school manship of a high order on the part cleaners
school age and many, not until in occupations. The girls may teach or working in clinical psychology, of the national leaders, but the edu- fainted-
^ tons of Duz soap flakes were vig- shirts lengthwise over the line with
As long as the thing didn t hold m-ously emptied into one tub, and a sleeve hanging on each side, fbis a pressed suit with two pairs of ggygj.^i shiits, shorts and pairs of was done with a half-amused, pants, it was neatly detached from p^uiHess Nobelts were enthusias- confused facial expression, the clothes which were^ left to |-iga.lly thrown in. ent in man when doing something sprawl where they may. Ihis ama- Sudsy sloshing ensued for about foreign to his nature, teur business venture netted the minutes, when the dripping Since the shirts had no vieiije
“We shall need not only states- things were joshed in the rinse wat- means of support against
er for an hour. Then the boys at- ing southwesterly breezes, tho own-
tacked the next step, and gently ers securely tied the sleeves into
to a malignant cancer which is gnawing at the heart of democracy
and civilization.
One of the post war problems, he said, will be to prevent the economic collapse and political disturbances which have followed other wars.
college. For the most part girls school and all eventually mairy. She received her master’s degree cation of the people of all countries Left In The Lurch squeezed water from great hand- Boy Scout square knots. This, 'jfewear European clothes until they India lacks about nine million worn- at the University of Michigan and in the fundamental economic and Another house was inflicted with fuls of clothes. All of a sudden an porter knows not how long it become of age to wear the tradi- en so every girl has the opportunity since then has been working for a political requirements for enduring the laundry lady’s refusal to collect engineer bi'ain discovered that the the knots to dry, nor how^l^R to* tional sari. to have a husband. doctor’s degree. ' peace and prosperity.” the wash. This led to complications screwing, wringing motion was ished ironed product appeared.I I. I } '^ I J 3^ h\'/
m
'% i'- ;
f’. i
Purdue Expodetfi
Tuesday, Juiie:22i-:i.0iS
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Benor^ Editor....„ Tonoriry Editor Bodinesa Mstisrer With the Colors
. ..Willinm G. Hoskins Dole E. Blitz ..Gerhard H. Klduman
Baitst.... Bnsiness Manager News Editor Manaslne Editor..: Advertising Maiiaeer.. Editor.. Ittar.. ■7.:
..Hobert W. Boswinkie Mary Billi Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dawson Jean Loner
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate EdHors! H. B. Alibett, C. C. Martindell, E. F. MurST, W, H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Staff; Butli Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes, larts Staff; R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, Ci E. Sowards.
g tsi
IT rc
Business Staff
IShlivt Advertising Manager; C. L. Gaunt.
iTOUt Director; 3. B. Tabb.
[rcnlation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Bditor>in>Chier.
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Sqnier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: V-8 issue Editor: Vermin Day Editor: Howes Sports Editor: Griitncs Reporters: Georgeson, Steffes, Baynes, Margolis.
‘ Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. an\i at the special rate ■ of postage provided for in section * lips, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. •• Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornines dur'^g' ilie year, e.vcept certain vacation period.s. Delivered daily hy carrier for $1.25 for a semester': by mail for. $1.00 for a Semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at llie Exponent .office or at the West Desk of the Union. jfepresented Tor national advertising by National AdvertislOg Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N, Y.
<^e mSHMSTOH [
tp u t. p.r OM.
I^itish Ambassador tf^resses Students -^sterday Purdue people saw and heard an English peer, His Britannic Majesty’s Ambassador to the United States, Lord Halifax. The Ambassador didn’t say anything that other people haven’t said before, that is: the war must be won, Anglo-American friendship must continue. Hitler is the most damnable of people, and the world must be managed after the war so that a third world war will be an impossibility; but the fact that the speech was made by a nobleman as widely known as tbh: viscount voas rca;3on enough for the 5,000 convocation gui rs to feel satisfied that ■they afcnded the meeting. pr. Elliott, our choice for the world’s best affeT’ &nher speaker and celebrity introducer, was at his best as he presented Loi’d Halifax to the audience and as he presented the beautifully bound testimonial to Lord Halifax. Dr. Elliott’s admitted fears that he would do something wrong all day surely didn’t cramp hiS'style. ■ Before the convocation a few students and ,fa'ctLlty attended a luncheon in honor of the yiscQunt in the hot East Faculty Lounge in the Union. Colonel McDonnell and Consul General Gallienne, who accompanied Lord Halifax, talked fluently all during the meal. The Colonel, a former member of Parliament, chuckled as he recalled his college days; He says that he usually slept all day and danced all night and hasn’t regretted it since. College liie like that, though, was possible only before the world heard of all-out war production. ' After the luncheon the visitors were photogr^hed by, University photographer C. P. Allen. While the camera paraphernalia was beihg arranged we' sneaked a three minute interview with his lordship. ' . We asked: (1) How have the English universities been changed since the war? (2) Is there likely to be a bhange in the set-up of the public school,s (which really aren’t public schools, but are very exclusive private schools) after the war? (3) Why wasn’t his lordship wearing his striped Eton school tie? Lord Halifax was very easy to talk to. He answered that the liberal arts courses in England are being subordinated and that universities such as Cambridge and Oxford are developing magnificent technical schools. After the war the public schools are due for quite an opening up. Intellectually capable youngmen of lower income groups probably will be admitted to these schools by some plan the government will work out. His lordship does not wear his Eton school tie and coat all the time and today happened to be a day he put on different ones. After the convocation the party was taken on a tour of the campus, a glance in the mechanical and electrical laboratories, a trip over the agriculture campus, to the housing research where Lord Halifax was interested in the complete $1,400 house, and to the airport where he noticed with interest the formation flying of the Navy pilots. • If a greater respect and understanding between the people of the British Common- ■ Wealth and the people of the United States are beilig sought V)>' the respective governments, America- shouh.l ^u‘.ud men like Wendell Willkie to speak to the Engli.sh people and England shcRjld send more men of Lord Halifax’ reimwn to speak to the people of the United States.-^r.w.b,
• y PREW_ PEARSON FDR Outtalks Congressmen On Food 'Cxar' Appointment Says US Has Enough Calories WASHINGTON—What really happened at the White House Conference called to discuss the question Of one over-alt food “cZar” was that the President jumped the gun on his Congressional callers. Before they could get started with their own demands he gave them a lO-minute talk on how Great Britain was meeting- its food problems. Although the President didn’t come out and say so flatly, his' remarks were calculated to show that the United .;States eventually will have to come around to (1) total mobilization of labor and (2) price subsidies to reduce prices. The President pointed out that there was no such thing as a critical labor shortage in essential British industries such as canneries. All British labor had been mobilized to meet the emergency, he said, and could be moved about wherever most needed. He pointed out that the British government controlled and directed all industry—farming, manufacturing, distril^ution and processing. “They t^l labor and management what to do, and when and how to
dp it,” he added.
The President’.s ideas met with varied reactions. Republican Leader Senator McNary of Oregon and House Republican Joe Martin of Massachusetts opposed price subsidization. So did Senator Walter George of Georgia, chairman of the Finance Committee, and GOP Representative James Wadsworth of New York. On the other hand, New Deal Senator Joseph F. Gufl’ey of Pennsyl-vania was opposed to the
total mobilization of labor.
When his callers finally had a chance to propose the appointment of an overall food "czar”, the President replied that this step was no longer necessary because of the recent establishment of the Office of Wdr Mobilization, headed by Justice Byrnes. He said the OWM should be given a chance to work, and he deprecated ,
warnings by several of his visitors that the United spoken louder, shriller,, oftener and more rapidly than ever States might lace a food shortage before the war before. We, therefore, being of a mind feminine, take it upon ended. He maintained there would be “enough cal- ourselves to express louder, shriller, oftener and more rapidly ories” to sustain the civilian population if food were ever the thought-lets that flit their "Way through our pin
-and here’s the company’s booklet—‘How to live off the
country if you can’t get served in the diner.”
By Geryl Deen
, . , from the mind feminine are, in this day and age, being
properly distributed and the national diet properly
balanced.
McNary Wins A Point
The only Congressional caller who came away from tRe White House \yith any real concession was Char-
ley McNary, the champion of the canners. McNary opinions.
first asked for an increase in ceiling prices for canned 2. No male OUt-crys allowed
goods. To this the President replied: whatsoever.
“Then Mr. Mui-ray and Mr. Green will come along 3. We shall beat out whatever
curls.
First we offer our platform: 1. This column is to be composed entirely of feminine
with demands for higher wages.” He went on to emphasize once more how the British had held their food costs down. At this point Justice Jimmy Byrnes interposed a polite interruption. “I’m sorry, Mr. President, but I have to disagree with you there,” he said, and explained that the Briti.sh situation was ,not at all analogous to ours. ‘They don’t raise much food over there,” he pointed out. They get it from lis.” ■
strikes our feminine fancy. 4. No male out-cries allowed whatsoever. 5. Besides, the WHOLE Exponent will soon be feminine-Avrltten,-any-way, so we might as well get used to it. .y 6. Free chewing gum to anyone who: will iread THOUGHT-LETS.
it) lines so crooked. Out of a rainsodden sky, we were suddenly startled out of our lipstick by 80 some-odd voices shouting- in unison “Squad halt”. We looked up and around and being the only one in sight, we halted. However, our attention riveted to a bundle of men, who, under the frantic jestures of a leader, were obediently echoing his words of “Halt”, “Who goes”,
“Right dress”, etc.
• Then they broke up into pair.s, and each doing his own little solo “Attention!” crazy-quilted in every direction all over the field, each going his own peculiar direction, and
The United Nations are constantly talking about setting the yhirld'back on the straight and narrow after the war, but as yet they have failed to right their own house, meaning the Free French situation. If the Allies are hot sbOh ableto bring ahbtit better relations between Generals DeGaUllb ah'd Giraud, there will develop a giant rift among the United Nations, with some countries supporting the De- ———^— ——— Gaulle and others supporting the rhine operatui-s and John Le\vis. Giraud. What Britain and the Hitler’is probably haying the time TT •4.„j CIA J.' 1. ij J • J- of his life when he hears how we United States should do is to ... ,, m > , „ , 1,1.,., ^’^'0 Riding- the United Nations war tell these two squabbling chil- effort by holding a democratic dren to forget their Own per- strike. ( sbnhl interests ahd think about —X-X— a new France or get 'out. If these new “democratic” military two .men refilse to play ball along government of Argentina has or-pati-iotic lines they should' be (je2'ed the cancellation of the Septhrown out on their ear and told to tember 9 elections. This move was stay out of the way for the rest of explained by the new president as a the war. necessity to keep on friendly rela-—X-X— tions with the allies. Well! The alWhere has the American patriot- lies appreciate this'show Of friendism gone ? Many people would like ship, but it could hardly be Classified to know the answer to this question Rs among the most democratic and many others. The one that things tha,t the free nations of the seems to be holding the main inter- world have been striving for. This est is the mining strike; and well it ^®W go-Vetnmeht also has not been should, for when the miners first 'very quick in leaving the Shadow bf went on strike everyone was an- fl*® Third Reich. The ordey bfinnlng noyed but riot over worried over the secret messages was lifted for a few eventual outcome. days and will undoubtedly be lifted The . miners have now gone on RgRin for the benefit of our enemies, strike for the third time, which Th® I'igkt of free thought has been ought to be enough for everyone in- practically barred by the announcecluding the miners, John L. Lewis, ment that the Argentina people can the War Labor Board, Congress, not refer to the new government as Harold L. Ickes, and Franklin D. “pl-ovisional”, because this new Roosevelt. The coal situation in the ‘*free” government has been recogUnited States is becoming critical Ri2®d by a packed Supreme coiu-t and almost disastrous, but still all and the countries that felt that they the concerned parties refuse to yield could gain more from maintaining their main points of contention, friendly diplomatic relations than This third strike can not be blamed i-efusing to recognize the new govoji any one group or person, but the ernment.
■ ' -X-X—
Hitler migiit be happy over the course of events that have takenplace in the United Nations in the last fe\y weeks, but this is more than set olf by the golden eggs that have been falling oh the most important points of interest in his do-
A part of the old regime is being niain. He is undoubtedly worried recreated on the campus. Wednes- over who is going to attack him day afternoon. Student Union is re- hrst, the Anglo-Americans or the
scales are slightly weighed against
Union Renews Tea Dances
Byrnes gave a brief but detailed exposition during Collect by going to the Exponent shouting his own peculiar com,-
which the President listened carefully. His only remark was: ‘Winston told me they handled that very
well over there.”
Upshot of the conversation wa.s that Byrne.s was asked to talk to the War Labor Board about,permit-
ting increase in wages for cannery workers, .so the thoughtlet to pierce our brain is one canners could compete with the high -wa^ea paid in of disgust. We were walking selfshipyards and airplane plants. consciously down Main Street in AciG And Youth devlne new saddle
Patriotic bred Eberstadt, who has been trying to
get into active military service ever since he resigned as vice-chairman of the War Production Board, had a session with venerable Secretary of War Stiinson recently. Eberstadt has refused various non-combat war jobs, has wanted to get iiito the fighting. However,: he is 5.8, just three years too old, and the Army has objected, When Eberstadt took his ca.se to Stiinson, however, the Secretary of War upheld hi.s subordi-
nates.
“You’re too old,” Stiinson replied firmly. “I thought that age didn’t matter,” .shot back Eberstadt with a smile at the 75-year-old Secretary of
War.
“After all,” he continued, “I’m no older than you were when I served in your regiment in the last war.” But the records show that when Stimsori served a.s colonel in the :805th Field Artillery in Warld War I, he was 50 years old and just within the combat age deadline, Eberstadt who was ii captain in the same regiment, is now three years over that, so definitely will not get combat duty. Merry-Go-Round
office and asking for “Black Mar- mands. Truly, ’twas an amazing l^®t”- To add to the confusion, we shouted With that settled, we now leap in, every now and then, a minor gleefully into the pink-cloUds of “j^eft face” which seemed to throw saying what we think. The first some of them off. Oitr thought-lets
on the subject, “So this is the
Army”.
In conclusion, we would like to say to those unsuperstitious souls who don’t believe in black magic: that saying about seven Sundays of rain if it rains on Easter has beaten its own record. Last Sunday concluded the eighth Sunday , of rain since Easter. (Result: we’re now counting the Sundays without rain; nil.) ' ,
Hewing the old custom of tea dances for all University students-^includ-ing those special students connected -with the University—CurtissWright, Wright Field, RCA, Army
and Navy.
Dancing is from four to six with Syria, favorite recordings providing the jive requirement. Admission is just ten cents per, person.
British. Also the points of attack on the European coast have been giving him a constant headache. If and when we do attack, Mr. Hitler is going to find out that the only invasion fleet isn’t off the coast of
pointing at them and shouting “Seventeen.” We indignantly yelled
back, “No, sir, TV).”
Everyone just laughed, so now we feel bitter when we put on the new
saddles.
We are poised over a strawberry lip-stick by the girls’ hockey field when we learned the truth of what makes the ROTC’s (what’s left of
Pi Bela Phi Sorority Offers 10 Scholarships In Physical Therapy
In answer to the call for Physical Therapists by the subcommittee on Physical Therapy of the National Research Council, Pi Beta Phi .sororityisofFeringten$400.00 schol-
One thing for which GOP chieftains have never for- arships to qualify girls for the given Wendell Willkie was a .‘p,100 contribution to the study of thi.s work, pi’esidential campaign of Paul McNutt not long be- Qualifications include an age limfore Willkie himself ran for President in 1940. Willkie it of 20 to 37, two years of college and McNutt were fraternity brothers at Indiana Uni- work including at least a year of versity. . . . Discoverer of the new Argentirie heavy- any liiological course, the ability to weight boxing champion, Abel Cestac is Cdngressman pass the physical examination, a Rodollo Espil, brother ol the Argentine Ambassador height minimum of 5 feet, two in Washington. Espil wants to bring the new heavy- inches, and service for the duration weight to the U. S. A. to meet any taker. . . . Patriotic of the war with not more than six American druggists have dug up three tons of quinine months after the close of the war. to lelieve the acute shortage for U. S. forces resulting Dean Of Women To Recommend from Jesse Jones’ failure to order quinine from the Applicants for the scholarships Dutch East Indies before they were taken by the will be recommended to the War Japs. . . . Washington wives with backs aching from Service Committee by the Dean of
ARC
TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY RANGE-BOSTIN' BUDDIES HOAHIN’
work in their victory gardens wish they had top sergeants to hoe their gardens as/ do the wives of highranking army officers at Ft. Myer across the Potomac. . . . Rare tribute to an Army officer: “Spiritual leader whose concept of authority makes officers in the higher echelons responsible for the growth of the men they lead.” Said of Gen. H. C. Holdridge by American University in conferring an honorary degree. . . . Th^ OPA or the Army-Navy might well do something fo'r Army-Navy wives who have to pay terrific seasonal rents at Atlantic Coast establiHhment.s where their
husbands are stationed.
(Cojiyi'ight, 194.8, Ijy United Features Syndicate, Inc.) SsMoiijL SihipsA. Ensign Lucios Everist ... lormer student of the University and a member of Bela Theta Pi, has gj'aduated from the Naval Air Training Center at Corpus Christi, Texas,
Women; winners may take ti'aining at any qualified school of their choice in the United States or Canada, and may use the money for tuition or living expenses, or both. In a recent survey, the following units were in need of physical therapy aides: United States Public Health Service, United States Veterans’ Administration, civilian hospitals, and the most urgent, the Army Medical Corps. At the present time, there are nineteen approved schools for physical therapy technicians (or physical therapy aides, as they are called in the Army). Ten of these schools are now offering emergency courses of six months’ duration in order to qualify persons to enter Army hosIjitals, Life
NOW SHOWING 28 DAYS OF EPIC HEROISM THAT THRILLED THE WORLD!
— ADDED — Donald Duck in Flying jalopy
EDGAR KENNEDY in TWO FOR THE MONEY
NO GREATER GLORY
TODAY - TOMORROW
Buy War Bonds
ALTER HUSTON • ANN HARDING GEORGE TOBIAS • OSCAR HOMOLKA GENE LOCKHART • HELMUT OANfiNE Direcleil bv MICHAEL CURTIZ
■ and
HEDOA LAMARR CHARLES BOYER — in — "ALGIERS" — ALSO — LAST CHAPTER!
— PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
A FULL-LENGTH f Fighting FEAtUREI
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW A®® ^ rue m
WILLIAM BfNDIX A Paramount Picture •/
ftirie 1943
BoUermtik&r Bp6rts
PdgiS
Pf /
Delta
Schedule Far Tryouts
By Russ Lipes Starting tomorrow candidates for membership ih Sigma Delta Psi may try their ability in the various events each-Monday and Wednesday from 4:30 to 5:30. John Sines, former Boilermaker net star who is assisting in the intramural department for the summer, will be in charge of all tryouts. Anyone desiring to take the tests may do so by reporting to the Fiddhouse at the times specified below: June 23—100 yai’d dash, 120 yard low hurdles. June 28—Running high jump and bx’oad jump. June 30—Shot put, rope climb. July 7—Baseball throw, football
punt.
July 12—100 yard swim. July f4—1 mile run. July 19—Front hand spring, hand stand, fence vault. Participation Point Rules Rules governing participation points of Sigma Delta Psi are as follows: 1. No intramural or varsity substitutions will be permitted for local membership. 2. Each man qualifying for local membership, (passing any seven of the prescribed athletic tests) will receive two interfi’aternity participation points. 3. Each man who passes all athletic tests for national membership will receive three additional participation points. Points will not be usable more than once. 4. All tests must be passed before August 11 for qualification for participation points for this semester. 5. No more than 25 Sigma Delta Psi participation points will be given to any one fraternity. Any mah who can pass seven of
the events listed by Sigma Delta Psi is eligible for membership in the Boilfermaker chapter. Further information and complete facts on eabh of the events as well as the national organization can be obtained from a handbook obtainablb at the Intramutal tiffice. ATO's Break Army A Wiimiiig Streak, 7-6 In a torrid battle on the water soaked and very slippery intramural field last evening the “Slugging Sluggers” from the ATO fortress defeated the heretofore undefeated Army A squad by a score of 7-6. However this would be a much better story if it wasn’t for the fact that the game was not a regularly scheduled affair. It was merely a practice contest arranged after the opponents of both teams forfeited their contests scheduled for last evening. Haag Is Hero Going into the last half of the last inning the Army was leading 6 to 3 and the ATO’s were at bat. Appleby, the Army huiler, walked three consecutive men filling the bases. Hemming'sen then proceeded to slam out a single to right field scoring one run. “Streaky” Haag, the next ATO slugger up, then sent one sailing into the outfield, driving across both the tying and the winning runs. Commenting after the fray, the Army squad expressed the relief that they had finally lost a contest before going into the forthcoming intramural playoffs. “We’re all set now to show a few of these teams how to play ball,” said their man-
The Sports Wave By Madfelyn Grotnes Due to a shortage of University sports news we shall attemjot to enlighten you with news from the ’’outside” or something. Army Ahd N»yy Athletic Pdlicies Now that there is a committee to promote participktion in sports by civilians there seems to be a deflhite need for a national sports commissioner or ruling body to settle the differences between Army and Navy on athletic policies. The main difficulty lies in the question as to whether the college trainees in the Army and Navy should be permitted tb enter into intercollegiate sports. And then ‘who can make use of Army and Navy athletes, afjd for what purpose’ would be another question to settle. Greenberg Defends Title Seymour Greenberg, who holds the national clay court tennis championship, recently defeated Billy Talbert in the finals of the tournament. This makes Greenberg the fourth man in the history of the tournament to defend the championship successfully. He now ranks with Bill Tilden, Bitsy Grant and Bobby Riggs. Better Be Early Tdnight at 8:30 the Lafayette Red Sox baseball squad will face the Gi’eat Lakes team. Expect to see you all-there, since this game is one of the biggest baseball features offered here this season, Wisconsin Comes Out On Top Wisconsin has just reported that it has had its most successful season in a generation. The Badger boxing team is again going through an undefeated season but the same can’t be said for its baseball team which lost more games than it won. The football team and track team did, however, prove themselves to be a strong team. Haegfg New Track Sfar The gaunt Swede, Gunder Haegg, gave American track fans their first glimpse of the speed and stamina that carried him to seven world records. In the meter run Haegg crossed the finish line 35 yards in front of Rice. This was Rice’s first defeat in his last 66 trips to the post. Camp Grant Looks To Football Season The athletic officer at Camp Grant, Lt. Col. Frank Bush, hopes to put together a football team this fall that will hold its own with college competition in this section. This “hoped for” team will also challenge the Great Lakes Naval Training Station for tiie service championship of the Middle West. Ted Collins Grant^ed Franchise Ted Collins, radio news commentator, was granted a franchise which will become operative in 1944. Arrangements will be started immediately to set up this new organization in Boston. The National Football League will operate this season with eight teams.
Summer Term Interfraferniiy Golf Tourhameht Closes Next Saturdoy
^ \ The summer term inter-fraternity golf tournament will be
r^dulQdll jtrCSS6S\ conjunction with the All-Campus Tournament. Each
/ \ fraternity is to play at least four men against players of an-
W^rtirnfi its \pther fraternity. The tournament opened Sunday.
' Each fraternity is to make its own individual match arrange-
rrAm I AilArfa VnArfc ments. Score cards or cards, if you play nine-hole rounds at rrOfiiwUnCyCjPuiIS ;—
All Campus Golf Qualifying Rounds Will End Saturday
different times, should be
Keeping football at the Univer- ^ opponents. If
sity of Iowa alive mainly because of
the wartime benefits to the players the SCOre is to COUnt for Allwho later will enter armed service Campus qualitying and your will be a chief objective of Edward „ , , P. (Slip) Madigan, new Hawkeye fraternity, SO word the card, head football coach whose appoint- Writing fraternity greek letment was announced recently. ters after your name and All-Cam-Atadigan told Director of Ath- pus at the top of the card, letics E. G. Schroeder that he likes The winter rules will operate, a winner as much as anyone—^his play ball where it lies in the rough, teams at St. Mary’s in California tee up on fairways, etc. had a percentage of .765 in 19 sea- Low Scorers Compete Saturday sons. But whether football in war- The total team score will be the time is winning football or not does four best scores totaled. The two
not matter greatly now.
June 19 through July 5 has bden set aside as the dates for the AllCampus Golf qualification rotilfds. The rules are simple and all students are urged to turn out «nd
low fraternities will play in finals show their skin at this grekf Itia-
BOWLING!! ON HOT AFTERNOONS COME DOWN AND COOL OFF IN THE BOWLING ALLEYS OPEN 4 P. M. TO 11 P. M.
ager. The only thing we could hear from the victorious ATO’s was the exclamation, “Let’s quit while we’re still ahead!” , Alpha Phi Omega
IM Schedules
. . . national service fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men-.-Richard Brill, Indianapolis; William Cunningham, Marion; Samuel Goldstein, Indianapolis; Glenn Gramelspacher, Jasper; Martin Gwasdow, New Britain,
Conn.; Herbert Jones, Lebanon; , ^.v. ■ i- , Frank Perry, Staten Island, New Intramural Office immediately
SOFTBALL
Tuesday, June 22, 6:45
Diamond 20-
Diamond 21—Unit 1 vs. Unit 3 Diamond 22—Ward 8 vs. Ward 13 Diamond 23—Ward 11 vs. Dover The semi-final rounds in the Fraternity Tennis Singles and Doubles must be played before Thursday morning, June 24. The results of these matches must be turned in to
Schroeder reported that Coach Saturday, June 26, over 18 holes, Madigan declared that of course the using the following scoring system. Iowan’s will play to win—that’s the 1 point for 1st 9 holes or halve it. motivating force in any competi- 1 point for 2nd 9 holes or halve it.
tion. 1 point for total holes.
Players Receive Benefits I^ matches Match Play is to ^
But if the 1943 youngsters don’t used. All scores should be turned on different
win consistently because of the un- H*® caddy house immediately ^^ys will be accepted,
even manpower distribution of Big 3-ftei’ the play
Ten teams, they will have had the most important benefits; vital physical conditioning, development of mental alertness, and hard competi-
tive contact.
This is not set up as any sort of an advance excuse in case the 1943 Iowa team is beaten often in its clashes with five Big Ten rivals, two service teams, and Nebraska. It simply is a sincere statement of current objectives, Madigan emphasized to Schroeder. The new Iowa coach, Schroeder said, regards the Hawkeye job as the sort of a challenge he enjoys. He will be working with a small
University
To Sell Special
Fed Steers ICFA Will Hold
Meeting Same Time
tional sport.
Each player should choose his own opponent and play 18 holes. Be sure to have your oppoment sign your card and turn it in St- the Starting House at the No. 1 tee.
After completion of the qualifying round the golfers will be divided into groups, according to score, when play for championship will be resumed. Be sure to indicate on your scorecard that it is for All Cam|nls. Students ki Uniform Confront Post-War Questions Of Jok
Students going into uniform have a big doubt in their minds as to what
York; Edward Ruff, Downers Grove, Illinois; and Jack Slagle, Lebanon. At a recent meeting Jim Bowen was elected treasurer.
Friday, June 25, 60 out of 70 head of steets will be sold at the annual meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association to be held at the
Ward 12 vs. Rochdale squad, mostly freshmen under draft University on that date. The steers chance they will have for jobs when age, and a few deferred veterans, i^gg^^ specially fed since last t^e war is over, according' to' a rCAt St. Mary’s he never had large November in a study of the affects Poi‘1 by the Associated' College squads but he was able to make the gj different amounts of corn on war- Pi’ess. Whether the many women most of his somewhat limited man- Ujjjg j^gef production. The remain- being trained in war industries power in meeting teams from large j^g carried through ^nd others earning larger salaries
on full feed for four more months. Iban ever before will be willing to Feeders attending the meeting step aside when the soldiers return will hear W. A. Cochel, editor of the fi'om the victory, whether credit weekly Kansas City Star, speak on will be given for the training sol“Some Current Livestock Prob- diers get in connection with military
Completing hia Nav.l training I" adHtio" ‘l>is, feeders ™ 5“*tions eonfronting trork at Great Lakes as honor man wiH have an opportunity to study eveiy student on the campus, ,sai4 in his recruit company, George J. Ibe results of the feeding trials. , a. , Duffy, former Agriculture student Cochel, who in 1906 was a member Theanswertothesequestronsdeof the University, will receive addi- of the animal husbandry research pends^on Congress and the ed^a-
universities.
after play. The finals will be played on Thursday and Friday, June 24 and 25. Please contact your opponent and play these matches as
scheduled.
Fraternity Softball
Former Ag Student To Go To Naval School
rraterniiy borioait of the University, will receive addi- or uie
Alpha Chi Omega The first round play-offs in the tional technical training as a result staff at the University, started the tors of the country. A report of the
N
social sorority, has recently contributed toward the support of children of the United Nations in Great Britain through the FosterParents’ Plan for War Children.
MEET YOUR ERIENDS FOR AN AFTERNOON OF BOWLING. ■/ IT’S FUN!
J/UL fiwvdusL TyUmufiioL lAnmvL * The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
warm weather
is
hard
on
hair
4ide
Minipop DRY SHAMPOO The quick, efficient way to restore freshness and lustre to your hair—to cleanse it thoroughly of perspiration odors and afterswimming stickiness — without spoiling your wave! Ten minutes, and a little of this flagrant powder are all you need fgr a Minipoo shampoo. No orris root.
^Jo Soap •
AJo U/a.t/e 30 shampoos complete with
terry cloth
$j^00
mitt.
1 MINIM'S !
Fraternity Softball league will be played tomorrow evening. Those going into the play-off bracket will be notified today of their- opponent
and diamond. SOFTBALL
Wednesday, June 23 Diamond 20—Ward 1 vs. Dover Diamond 21—Ward 8 vs. Marwood
of his high marks. Because of his high grades on the standard Naval aptitude tests, Duffy will be sent to a Naval Service School to train for that subject in Which he is best fitted. A graduate of December, 1942, Duffy belonged to Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, and was treasurer.
^W&SUIWTOH liffRRY-liO- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it
in the PURDUE EXPONENT
cattle feeding experiments at that National Resources Planning Board time. “Security, Work and RqKef PoK- ‘ Stock Yards Man To Speak purpor-ts to haye the ansvreH Another- of the principal speakers 1° least some of these questions,
on the program will be C. L. Far- Post-War Feature
r-ington of the Indianapolis Union Specific features of the post-war Stock Yards, former president of period covered by the report rncludfe the National Livestock Exchange; a lengthy section on the deinobilizaFarrington will discuss “Ceilings lion of men, machines and economic
and Subsidies,” a subject on which controls when the war is over,
he is unusually well informed, since Tbe educators answer that credit he has participated in the fight to wiH be given according to thfe worth
of the work done and the competence of the individual. There will be no “blanket credit” such as was given by virtually every collOgd
after the last war.
Educational Opportunities
Seririce men and women have at least four- educational opportunities while in uniform. There are the officer- candidate and the techhrcian schools which claim about one-half of all the enlisted men. The Armred
Season ticket sales for the “Un- Forces Institute, co-oper-a|;jng with der the Stars” concerts to be held 79 colleges and universities, oyjej^taat Columbian park stadium this tion courses and informal ofif-duty sumhier are now on sale. The pro- instruction in camp progranrs which gram is sponsored by the Columbian have marked educational value'i Park Recreational Center with A1 The problem of appraising educa-Stewar-t chairman of the series. tional experience accurately while Entertainment series is sched- at the same time doin^ justice to th* uled to open July 13 with a concert veteran has received much consider^ by the famous Southernaires and ation. Machinery for the job has Murial Rahn, colored soprano. Fol- been set up and approved by most lowing, on July 20, will be the NBC- of the important institutions. WIRE artists. The WLS Circus and Apply To API For Tests White Horse troupe will be here The plan Would be simple. Oh July 27 and Donald Dickson, radio demobilization, a soldier, WAAC or baritone, August 3. Next to the last other- service man or woman could program on the series will be the apply to the Armed Fotces InstiHans Lange Little Symphony of tute for examination and guidance. Chicago, August 10, and a popular- The Institute would test hiimtuid dance band will close the summer- forward the results of the test to concerts August 16. tbe college of his choice with rq^^oBrAt least 2,800 season tickets must mendations for placing the sti^ent
prevent ceiling prices on live ani
mals.
Columbian Park Concert Series Tickets On Sale
be sold to finance the program. Season tickets may be obtained from Decker Bros, or from Mrs. Laura Arnold, ticket chairman, at 211
where he belongs.
Georgetown univessity, founded in 1789, is the oldest in Wh8^nfl<nik
Wallace building. Ticket sale will D. C., and the oldest Cathqli(^ ,eolclose Friday, June 25. lege in the United States.Purdue Exponent
Utah Provides Large Acreage 4®, For Aerial Bombing Range Former University Graduate ^
Heads Wendover Field Staff
TvmSdy^ June 2^^
PM'. 'im ; ■"■ H >'
By Pete Georgeson
Somewhere this side of Salt Lake City, Utah, out in the
Attending the suiYiner meeting of the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers at the University of Illinois, Champaign, Illinois, are seven staff members of the Agricultural Economics
depai’tment.-
Dr. L. S. Hardin and Mr. J. W. Oberholtzer were scheduled to present a film entitled “Methods and Devices'for Saving Farm Labor”
(Continued from page 1)
stretch and relax for a few mo-
ments. The rear part of the lecture before~the meeting” This'film'was filled with tables loaded p^.Qduced under the Farm Work
school called Wendover Simplification Project being carried
on at the University.
scorching desert, is an aerial gunnery scnuui uaneu Wtjnuuver p^ase of farm work. These were
Field. Originally, it was a desolate spot on the desert where the concerned with new and improved members attending Western Pacific Railroad had its trains stop to allow pas- methods designed to result in more conference included R. H. Bausengers the pidvilege of some target shooting before entering efficient and less wasteful agncul- j q Bottum, E. L. Butz, R. H. Salt Lake City. production. ^ Miller. C. S. Col-
Now its 1,800,000 acres comprise the largest military reservation in the world with its
alkaline - incrusted wasteland boasting an ideal aerial bomb-
ing range.
At the head of Wendover Field is a University graduate. Major Robert N. Dippy of the U. S.
Personnel Notes
Concluding the sessions for the img, professional farm manager of day was the talk by Dr. Clement T. Lafayette, accompanied the group
Malan, State Superintendent of to Illinois.
Public Instruction, Indianapolis, 'who addressed the group on “Thrift versus Waste on the Farm.” He ex-
Engineers
Companies scheduled to visit the plained why he was nearly late in campus: arriving — it seems that he had Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., Bar- rushed into the agricultural engiberton, Ohio—Date to be announced neers meeting being held in the
Army. Major Dippy was one of the later. Interested in August and De- Union ballrooms, first American flyers to fly in World cember Ch.E., M. E. “The greatest contribution agriWar I, He flew the famous Caproni cultural teachers can -njake to the bombers of Italy. Now in this war These companies do not plan to j^ation in wai’ or peace time is the
he heads one of the best schools for visit the campus; however, they are avoidance of waste in the cultiva- the development and bombardiers and gunners in the interested in students for employ- land,” said Malan. He went product and its applicountry. ment. describe how southern Indiana pamphlet.
Gunners start right from the hot- Battelle Memorial Institute, Co- youngsters were aiding the farm , ° lumbus, Ohio—Interested in analy- labor shortage problem by harvest- ^
teal chemists (men and women), jng corn.
Sign in Personnel Office by Wednes- He entreated the group of teachday, June 23. ei-s to woi’k so that the same honor. The Linde Air Products Co., Unit credit and dignity will go to agriof Union Carbide & Carbon, Tona- culture as to other high school sub
tom when they come to this school. First they are given small bore arms to 'get them acquainted with handling a gun. From this they work up to more powerful weapons until they get to the point where
(Continued from page 1) ment of Agriculture.
Se'cond Group ' Members of the second group are engineers engaged in the manufacture of farm machinery and farm building materials, and chiefly con-
sion of farm structures, power and machinery, rural electrification and the soil and water program. Short talks will be given by experts in these various fields under the direc-
Pratt and Whitney Aircraft, Division of United Aircraft Corporation, East Hartfoi'd, Connecticut, announce that aircraft fellowships are now being offered to yoting women at a number of universities. The fellowships cover tuition, fees, room, board, laundry, and a small monthly allowance. Women who possess a degree from a recognized university or college can qualify. Seniors who can cover the curriculum required by the company and obtain a degree either before or at' the termination of the training are also qualified to,apply. The 48-week course includes mathematics, physics, chemistry, engineering drawing, mechanical laboratory, materials testing, metallurgy and industrial engineering. The applicants upon completion of their training will be assigned to various engineering departments depending upon aptitude and abil-
ity.
For further information call Placement Service forewomen.
Halifax
they can take apart and put together wanda, N. Y. Interested in M.E., jects, for “agriculture is the basic tion of a presiding'chaiiman. blindfolded a fifty caliber machine E.E., C.E. Sign in Personnel Office industry in any plan’s nation.” ^ einoon, egmning a , a
by Wednesday, June 23.
Dr. Malan outlined a series of
general program will be held in the south ballroom of the Union at
gun.
First Week “Toughest” Amertype Recordgraph Corpora- wastes that are ravaging farm land A. A. Fotter, De'an of EngiThe first week at the school is the tion. New York, New York. Inter- in his plea for better training of j.,ggj.ing, will speak on the “Effect toughest, which is one of the things ested in E.E. Sign in Personnel Of- rural youth. He deplored the ineffi- 'War on Engineering and Engi-
different about the school. Every fice by Wednesday, June 23.
man is put to hard manual labor to get them into condition for what is ahead. After this the work is divided between classroom and gunnery range with work in power turlets after a little experience with the guns. The gunners are slowly broken into shooting at what would'simulate a moving plane. First they are given a chance to do a little skeet shooting for its the instructors’ theory that it helps give a man a good eye for shooting moving ob-
jects.
Training Gradual While they are doing this skeet shooting they supplement it with machine gun fire on slowly moving objects which are gradually speeded up as the gunners’ skill increases. After they become proficient at this they progress to moving platforms from which they fire at stationary targets. In the classroom they study fire power control and angle shooting. In angle shooting each man is shown the proper way to shoot from his position on the plane, be he tail gunner, nose gunner, or whatever. After a student goes through he is really a well qualified gunner. ^ Section Reserved For Bombing Not far from the main field is a section set off for bombing targets. Here a spot is marked off ap’pioximately the size of a battleship and is really well , pockmarked with bomb craters. One circl<e was hit so hard and so often that it had to be discaided for no lunger could it be determined where -the bombs hit. A small group of men under Sergeant Paul Brillbart maintains the targets. This is the most isolated detachment in the Aimy, living in the middle of the desert with only a
cient use of waste laird not being cultivated and the waste of nranure
neering Education.” W. G. Kaiser,
agricultural engineer and manager
The Standard Oil Company of
Ohio, Cleveland Ohio—Interested in f®’;’ fertilizing purposes which cement products bureau, M.E., Physicists. Sign in Personnel “yields 102 per cent on the money Cement Association, will fv 1 TTT -ITT /-.rt £arl -friT if TTfi nlcn WtlUTIfin . . . -rx n j_j.
speak just previous to Dean Potter on “The Engineering Challenge of
Ol^ce by Wednesday, June 23. National Radiator Co., Johnstown, Pennsylvania—Interested in Ch.E., M.E. Sign in Personnel Office
by Saturday, June 26.
Farm Structures.”
Also on the program at thi^ time is M. L, Nichols, chief of research, Soil Conservation Service, U. S. Department of Agriculture, who will discuss “Wartime Strategy for Ag-
Prof. F, B. Knight On Leave To Direct Victory Volunteers High school youth will turn out
■Student Senate elections at the University of Southern California have assumed all the sordidness of elections in a city run by gang polidcians. The first election was declared fraudulent by the Senate officials due to tampering with the list of eligible voters and voting by unqualified students. The Daily Trojan led the fight for a clean election by demanding that the eligible voters list be checked against the list in their possession which was a carbon copy of the original list—the original list having been “accidentally” destroyed. —E-P— In answer to an arrogant statement by the faculty, “we don’t want
dog and cat for company. The cat be too hard on the students”, sen-
is used to remove around the camp.
As long a.s we have camps as good as Major Dippy’s Wendover Field theie i.s no doubt about our having
mice that are ‘it the University of North
Caiolina decided to have coeds play on their team for the annual fac-
ulty-senior baseball game. The Daily Tar Heel quoted the
invested for it.” He also warned against the weathering of tools and rust which ruins the machinery for
further farm work.
Dr. Malan concluded by saying that the two most important things as far as a nation’s welfare is concerned are youth and resources.
“And the youth in your classes will i.icultural Engineeiing”. determine if democracy will live or Annual Dinner \
1,1 the evening the annual dinner will be held at which time an award of the John Deere and Cyius Hall McCormick Gold Medals will be made. Also the Farm Equipment Institute Trophy will be presented. President Edwaid C. Elliott will give the main addrqss of the evening before the assembled members of the American Society of Agricul-
in large numbers this summer to tural Engineers. Following his talk, help relieve the farm labor short- the inauguration of a new president age, according to Dr. F. B. Knight win take place, of the Education and Applied Psy- Roifnd Table Discussions chology division, who is on leave of Wednesday will be devoted entireabsence to direct the Victory Farm jy to round table discussions conVolunteers. cerning the four phases of AgriculHe estimates that between 500,- tural Engineering under discussion.
000 to 600,000 volunteers will enroll in the program which covers the
entire country.
Author Of New Book Dr. Knight is one of the authors of the new book “The Refresher Book” just off the presses of the Rand McNally & Co. He wrote the book in co-operation with Dr. B. ET Dodds of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, and Dr. H. E. Benz of Ohio State University to aid grade and high school students in cheeking up on their knowledge before applying for any tests or entering the military serv-
ices.
The book covers such subjects as arithmetic, spelling, English, his-
(Gontinued from page 1) “Whatever we do,” said Halifax, “We must remember and keep always before us, that German age groups, beginning in 1932-33 with the young boys and girls of nine and ten. Who are now your age, have been taught to love and worship Hitler, almost as a god.” Intensive Devotion 'To Cause “And furthermore,” he went on, “if we are to beat the enemy, our devotion to our cause must be as hot and white in its intensity as is the devotion of our enemies to theirs.” Lord Halifax said of the sacrifices we must be and have been called upon to make, that in the light of this devotion, they will seem much less, and may be borne more easily. German Song Turning' then to the conduct of the war, he told of a song the Germans sang in the summer of 1940, called “We Sail Against England” saying it was symbolic of the task then facing Germany in that they had to conquer England befoie any further territorial conquest in other lands could have any security or meaning. He introduced a Humorous note by saying that the Norwegians have recently taken up the song and have fitted new words to it, naming it “We Still Sail Against England”.
Coining Events Lord Halifax gave an indication of coming events iji Europe when he said that certain people tliought until recently that with Germany increasing her reserves on the eastern front with new demands on her production labor, that a large scale attempt would be made there soon. “I do not think,” he said, “that it is beyond the power of the Germans to do what they tried and failed to do in 1941 and 1942, and that a bitter battle will be fought in Russia this summer.” In describing the difficulties the Germans face, he said that intensive bombing must have had a great effect on the German effort, far greater than the leaders ever bargained for when Goering said in the first year that no plane shall ever bomb the Reich. Also that their transportation difficulties are increasing due to the loss of locomotives and rolling stock. Cites Submarine Citing the submarine as the Germans’ one major weapon. Lord Halifax said that “May and June have been good killing months for submarij^s” and that two conditions tested our ability to beat the submarine, namely, were we sinking more than the enemy could build and were we building more ships than the enemy was sinking. “The British are just as determined to finish the job with Japan, and to do it completely as we are,” said Halifax in one of his few references to the Japanese situation. After War Lord Halifax then turned to the actions of his people after the war. “J'here are two tho'ughts uppermost in the mind of the British people today,” he said, “and they are to get the job finished, and to make sure that we don’t have another war.” Although he said that there would be opportunities for mistakes, he indicated that the United Nations’ probable action after the war would .be to disarm Germany, Italy and Japan. Disarmament “Whether we maintain that condition of disarmament then depends ,on the will of the people to maintain it, and their willingness to accept the responsibility of maintaining it,” said Halifax. “Is this not an unescapable law of life,” he continued, “that a man or a nation in a position of power, must have a sense of responsibility, you think that in the face of the and that if we afterwards run away from our responsibility, we will run up against this law.” Dust In Balance “Of course,” he said, “some British will not like some of the Belgians ,and some American’s won’t like some of the British, but don’t
bigger things involved, unity atid friendship, that these things are mere ‘dust in the balance’?” In closing Lord Halifax urged us to remember that we are not only citizens of the United States but citizens of the world, and that our duty was to live with other citizens with respeat and a sense of decency toward each other.
Notices
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Keys are here. Call at IIB University after 7 p. m, —GOFF AH Students: Tea Dance every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House, 116 Sheetz St. —GLUCK AH Students: iwo boys are needed to help in the Home Ec Cafeteria during: noon hour. Call Miss Gamble at 2941. —GAMBLE Basic Military Students: All basic etu» dents are urged to note the schedule posted on the Bulletin Board in the Armory for turning in wool trousers and caps. —BROWN Tau Beta Phi: Business meeting Thursday, June 24, in room 307 of the Union at 7:16 p. m. to discuss pledging so all members be there- Shingles for spring clasa here. Be sure to get yours at meeting, —SEDDON Student Senate: Important meeting on Wednesday night at 8:30 in the Senate office. —THOMAS All Students: The International Relations'^ Club will meet Tuesday evening, June 22* at 7:30 in the lounge of the University Presbyterian Church. Certain members will discuss the educational systems of the world. —ODELL All PEM 12 Swimming Tutors: Meet in room 107 in the Pieldhouse Thursday, June 24, at 6 p. m. Important. If unable to be present see me. —ALLEN
Eta Kappa.^mt Dinner in room 330 of the Union at 6:30 Wednesday, June 23. Pledges bring boxes but no bettery. —SCUDDER Union Board; ivieeting Tuesday, June 22, at 4 :30 p. m. —HILLER Purdue Glider Club: Meeting in Union at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, June 22. Everyone please attend. Important, —SALISBURY Science Seniors, Graduating August, *43: Please call at Dean Endor's office at earliest convenience to receive information regarding graduation. —ENDERS Engineer Staff: There will be a meeting of the staff of the Purdue Engineer in the office at 4:45 p. m. on Tuesday, June 22. This is a very important meeting. All staff mcmbeis please attend. —KIMBRELL
Classified Ads I Typewriters: Adding macnines, all mahea sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main» Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watchea. guns, luggage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Persons in any of the Naval programs interested in forming a dance band call George Saurwein, 6754. Wanted: A boy to work for board or board and room. Call Alpha Xi Delta. Wanted—'35, ’36, '37 used car in good condition Pay cash. Barney, 2437. Lost—“Cravanette” trench coat with tan lining. Lost in Union Cafeteria Sunday, June 13, 1943. Call Myron Dickey, phone 2416.
THE SCENE CHANGES
those fire-eating' professors, we will at least command a whistle or two”.
the be.st tiained army in the world, captain of the senior team as say-
ing', “Even if we take a licking from
^ Notice
Any students who ^yish to work for the Registrar during the regis-
tration for the Navy College Train- OllYer Ad. Wilder
ing Program on July 5 will please leave their names at the desk in the
Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone,
Registrar.
Rev. Joseph Gleason ' . . . student pastor of the West Lafayette Baptist Church and in charge of the Roger Williams Club of the same church, an organization for the University students, gave a farewell sermon last Sunday. Rev. Gleason has been associated with this congregation for nearly ten years. He and his wife are leaving today for a new charge at
Pocatello, Idaho.
V. C. Meredith Club . . . will hold their annual “Meet
tory, literature, science, geography the Freshmen” party on the South and other facts of a general nature. Hall lawn Wednesday at 4:15. All
Home Economics students are in-
TRY AN EXPONEN'T vited, and refreshments will be
CLASSIFIED served.
Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Harold Paul Habostroh, Jr., of Valpaiaiso; Donald Edward Geringei of Chicago, 111.; Raymond Jo.seph Pajkowski of Chicago, 111., and also the pledging of Dale Appel of Frankfort. Navy, Marine Reserves Those who have received their orders to report for active duty at Purdue on July first should confer with the head of their school with reference to schedule of subjects to be carried in Navy V-12 program.
. —KNAPP
. . . class of ’28, received his doctor of philosophy degree from Ohio State University at the spring convocation on June 2. A major in agricultui'al chemistry. Wilder was on the staff of the Purdue Agricultur-
ist whde in school.
Diploma Fees For ROTC Students Students in the second year Advanced R.O.T.C. who finish their clas.*, w'ork on June 29 and are candidates for degrees at the end of the Summer Term are advised to pay their diploma fees before leaving. This fee ($5.00) must be paid before August 10. —RALl’H li. S'TONE, Registrar. William Werstler, Jr., traveled by horseback more than 1,000 miles from his father’s ranch at Walden, Colo., to the University of Illinois.
PLAY IT SCOTCH Keep that other 50c in your pocket All that you have to do is order your DEBRIS Before Wednesday, June 23 Still only $4.50 On Sale: West Door of Union—DEBRIS Business Office
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
/ NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
1 'i
'^1
*( 'lil
> .4
i:
* I