f
> J ■>*>■) ^^.^^■* ''^' n f , M ** >. '■' / ,
i V-!'' ~ ^
^1; Ttn (jtl, j, '
^ <r( ? f 1 V .va/t"*,
Read the new Washington Column starting today on page 2.
Purdue Exponent Z-IW "i
Weather Forecast: Fair and slightly warmer today.
t Volume 52, No. 19
Tuesday, October 1, 1940
Ragains Announces 57 Studenb Chosen To Play In Orchestra Music Group To Perform At Convos, Varsity Show Joseph M. Regains, assistant director of the University Orchestra, yesterday announced the 67 students who will compose the orchestra for the 1940-41 school year. The 1939-1940 season was the first for the University Orchestra under faculty supervision, when Regains was added to the staff of musical organizations as assistant director. Prior to this time, an orchestra under various directors played on the campus, but in 1939, the orchestra officially became the University Concert Orchestra. The personnel of the orchestra this year now stands at fifty-seven, and is steadily growing. The Orchestra appears with the large University Choir for the Christmas and Easter Convocations, as well as the annual all-campus Varsity Show. They also furnish two musical programs for the Music Room Series of the Union each year. Members of the -orchestra are: Merle F. Anderson, Phyllis Baker, Sally Rose Beall, Arthur A. Bell, Robert Beilis, Norman V. Benedict, Wilma E. Benker, Robert W. Bond, Frances Bowman, J. O. Bray, Madgel Bradshaw, Marjorie Bradshaw, Helen Carey, Jack Byers, John W. Carter, Robert Cartmell, Eileen Carpenter. William Reynolds Clingenpeel, Harriet Flora, David B. Folger, Hubert H. Forbes, Don Frier, R. K. Cast, Janet Greger, Evelyn Gullion, Barbara Heide, Corienne Henderson, Sinclair Hoffman, Dorothy Housekeeper, Jane Humphreys, Robert C. Jones, Virginia Keiser, Gene Kinelski, Marcile Long, Donald A. MeCaslin, Virginia McCarty, Frank McCaughey, M^rthaeunice McHaffie. Mary Alice Meeker, Frances Mellon, Jeanne Miller, Martha Moon, Eugene J. Nalepa, Gale P. Schaevitz, Ruth J. M. Schlitter, Phyllis June Scholl, Paul Henry Seehausen, T. Clifford Smith, Roberta Thoma, Juanita Thompson, Julia Jane Thompson, Gertrude Vanada, Vernon B. Westburg, Maxine Wintin, Marjorie Yeager, Willard Holloway, David Hyde. Vernon B. Westburg, of Evanston, Illinois, is concertmaster and manager for this season. m.j.f. PIA Announces New Members Of Chorus Announcement of the new members of the PIA men’s chorus was made yesterday. They are; Carl T. Androff, W. E. Bartlett, George Black, W. J. Carraro, Jim Cummings, Jim Davis, Carl F. Geoger, V. H. Kiplinger, Bob Koschmann, George Olson, E. J. Sopcak and R. N. Zo^. Anyone interested in tr^iig out for the few positions in the chorus left unoccupied should see E. J. Sopcak in the PIA office. Members are to watch the Exponent for a notice of the next general meeting.
W. E. Fleming To Address Lafayette Kiwanis Club Wray E. Fleming of Indianapolis will address the membership of the Lafayette Kiwanis club on the subject, “The Newspaper as an Institution.” His talk will be delivered at the regular w^eekly luncheon on Thursday, October 3, at 12 noon at the Central YMCA. Glen W. Sample, in charge of arrangements, states that Fleming’s talk is part of a nationwide observance of National Newspaper Week, October 1 to 8, in an effort to^emphasilze the service rendered as a resiilt of the existing freedom of the press in this part of the world, v.d.
'Dof'Welcomed 92 Of Each 100 To His Workshop Over 92 per cent of the students eligible to use the Student Health Service last year did so, according to Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the health service. Amazingly enough, the full report that Dr. Miller submitted reveals that the health service has a higher batting average than ever, as of the 6,443 different students that used the service last year, there were but four deaths, none of which were in any way connected with the health service. One Accidental Death One death was caused by each of the following: tuberculosis, an airplane accident, leukemia and agranulocytosis. “Why - paint - with - iodinewhen - you - can - amputate” Miller would not disclose the exact amount of that orange-flavored cough syrup that he prescribed last year, but he did admit that his department issued 8,6^6 certificates of illness for “academic” use and only ^9 certificates for military purposes. The University ROTC Corps must really be doing an excellent job of making men of scholastic lads. 1 Many Examinations Dr. Miller’s department performs a large number of physical examinations. They made 7,884 physical examinations'last year for various departments of the school, such as CAA, ROTC, WRH employees and new students. “Doc” went into great detail on the various tests that his assistants make: red blood counts, white blood counts, throat smears, sputum examinations, urinalysis, Shick tests, Dick tests and the list might go on for pages. It seems that Dr. Miller has a test for anything that might possibly be ailing any student. Of course, if students are afraid that they’re going to catch anything, “Doc” will be more than glad to “shoot” them for diphtheria, hay fever, small pox, acne, poison ivy^ or any other disease for which medical science has a preventative, e.g.k. Reamer Club Pledges 8 Seniors, 4 Juniors Reamer club, athletic booster honorary for independent men, announces the following fall pledges, chosen at a smoker last night; Seniors Ollie Brackman, Fo. Frank Danowski, PE. Bill Delmer, ME. George Frey, CE. Walt Klein, ME. John McElroy, EE. Wayne Musser, Sc. Chuck Siler, ME. Juniors Dick Pittenger, Sc. Lloyd Richardson, MetE. Lee Ruffner, ME. Bob Stecker, EE. WBAA WIII Hold Auditions i For Talent Tomorrow Radio station WBAA will hold auditions for special talent at 6 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the station’s studios on the third floor of ^ the EE building. G. D. Williams, program director of WBAA, said any type of radio entertainers such as singers, musical instrument players or specialty acts are welcome to try out. Williams also announced that “radio stage” will be produced this year. Anyone interested in trying out for this program should also come to the studio tomorrow. e.g.k. Kappa Alpha Theta ... sorority announces the initiation of the following pledges Sunday; Jeanne Ann Burkholder, West Lafayette; Marilyn Fifield, Hebron; l^velyn Gullion, Indianapolis; Mary Edith Harvey, Port Wayne, and Jane Lewis, Kingsport, Tenn, m.jJ.
Chems Outscore PSE's to Win Young Trophy; ME's Drop To Fourth Place troph/ Returned By ’Dormitory Trophy DevHs’ To Student Senate Head '^5 Chemical engineering seniors, with 94.3 per cent of their class present, won the annual Cord Day parade contest Saturday afternoon and will receive the G. A. Young trophy, awarded each year to the winner. Second place went to the public service engineers with 90.7 per cent representation, while the electrical engineers, 81.4 per cent of their seniors attending the parade, placed third.
Poultry Association Begins Annuai State Meeting Tomorrow Tomorrow and Thursday hundreds of poultry raisers will meet for the 22nd annual conference of the State Poultry Association in the Poultry Building at the University. The group will be welcomed to the campus by Dean H. J. Reed. P. C. Endres of Frankfort is president and Prof. William Kohlmeyer of the agricultural extension department IS secretary-treasurer of the organization. Open To Anyone The two-day conference, which is open to anyone in the state, is divided into hatchery day and a day for all poultry raisers. Leaders for the forums and discussions have been chosen from experts from all parts of the country. Those from the University who will take part are Dr. J. Holmes Martin, Dr. L. S. Robertson, Dr. C. R. Donham and Elton L. Johnson. Of particular interest will be the demonstration Thursday afternoon of a mechanical chicken feather picker. All meetings of the conference will be held in the Poultry Building with the exception of the annual banquet which will be held in the Union. The speaker for the banquet will be A. F. Phillips of Chicago, r.w. Color Movie Shows Campus To Alumni Campus scenes will be documented in a color movie to be made this week by Roger Sneden, ’32, Indianapolis, and John Skinner, ’33, West Lafayette, according to an announcement made yesterday by Eth Baugh, alumni secretary. The film will include shots of campus personalities, buildings, and interior takes of the various departments. Color pictures of the senior parade, taken at the ganie Saturday, will be included in the film, which will be shown at the state teachers meeting in Indianapolis October 24. Phi Mu . . . sorority initiated six pledges, three patronesses, and four Alpha Delta Theta’s Sunday morning. The pledges initiated were Lois Turner, Lafayette; Virginia Stech, Huntington; Mary Eleanor Blackmore, Bloomfield; Winifred Kreipke, Indianapolis; Lenore Hofer, Ft. Wayne; Inez Anderson, Bicknell. The other initiates included Mrs. D. L. Arm, Mrs. B. H. Petty, Mrs. U. J. Greenly, Mrs. Ruth Athey, Mrs. Louise Hiatt, Mrs. Virginia O’Neill, and Mrs. Ruth Schultze. m.j.f. Prof. DenUyl ... of the Department of Forestry and Conservation, will speak before the Arcadia, Indiana, Lion’s club on Tuesday evening, October 6. In his talk DenUyl will outline the contributions of the department of Forstry and Conservation to farm forestry in Indiana. As a special feature, each member of the club has invited a fdrmer to be his guest at the meeting, e.g.k.
The Trophy was returned to Rusty Layson, Student Senate president, late I last night, after being held sinc^ last Thursday by the group calling themselves “The Dormitory Devils.” The trophy was found in the hall of the Kappa Sigma fraternity, of which Layson is a member, with a note pinned to it reading: “Give this to^ Rusty.” Yesterday afternoon several telephone calls were received in the Exponent office asking how the trophy had been awarded. One unidentified called said that the award was satisfactory to the “Devils” and that the trophy would be ireturned. Mechanicals Fourth The mechanical engineers, who until now "bad never lost possession of the trophy since it was first awarded five years ago, were in fourth place, followed by the civil engineers. The mechanicals and civils had 79 and 76 per cent representation, respectively. According to Harry Layson, president of the Student Senate which supervises the parade, no time or place for awarding the trophy has been determined. The committee which supervised the tabulation of results on the parade was composed of Tom Petty, PSE; R, H. Bergstedt, ChE; Henry Wist, ME; Clarence Myers, CE; William Holcomb, EE; and Harry Layson, Pharm. n.a.o. Committee Opens 1940 Military Ball Decoration Contest To aid in making this year’s Military Ball a more colorful affair, the committee is sponsoring a contest and is awarding prizes to those persons who turn in the best ideas for the decorations. The dance is to be held on November 16 in both Union ballrooms. The most important part of the decorations is the backdrop design. Originality of the design, but a design in keeping with the theme of the dance, will merit special attention by the judges. Everyone is invited to submit his plans in detail not later than October 16. These plans are to be turned in to the west desk of the Union. Free tickets to the ball will be awarded to those two persons whose designs are considered best by the committee, e.w.m. Dolphins To Hold Frosh Reception Dolphin club, men’s swimming honorary, will hold the third annual freshman swimmers reception this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Members of last season’s freshman and varsity swimming teams will be present. Coach Dick Papenguth will speak» and Fred I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, will show his ^ pictures of last year’s Florida trip, e.w.m. Triton Instructs Swimmers Triton, women’s swimming honorary, will hold its second meeting tonight at 7:16 p. m. at the swimming pool. There will be a demonstration of strokes and an opportu-^ nity to practice the strokes. Those who were unable to attend the last meeting may still join the club at this time. e.w.m.
G. A. Young G. A. Young, head of the school of Mechanical Engineering, in an effort to promote interest in the annual Cord Day parade, donated a trophy in 1936 to be awarded to the engineering school with the highest percentage of its seniors in the parade. In 1936 the mechanical engineers won the trophy, a silver plaque, with 92 per cent of their seniors marching in the parade. Until this year the trophy has never left the mechanical school. n.a.o. Gipe Announces Open Position For Junior On Activities Bureau According to an announcement made last night by Walter Gipe, director of the Activities Bureau, a junior managerial position concerned with publicity is open for election and all invested juniors possessing a 3.6 cumulative index are asked to report to the Activities Bureau office immediately. Hal Schoreistein, who w^s elected to this position last spring, did not return to school this term. Election for this position will be held Thursday evening. Must Report Personally ' Juniors must report to Gipe personally before Thursday noon, and a working knowledge of publicity will be a help, the announcement said. j.a.p. To The Orchard Raiders Reports from the department of horticulture of the Univei;sity indicate that the apple orchards of the departmjent are being invaded by students pursuing the ancient profession of apple stealing. May I remind all such students in the University that their depredations are seriously interfering with long-time scientific experiments. The matter is far more important than the value of apples. The results of experiments which have been conducted for years are being destroyed. May I not depend upon yon to cooperate in protecting the scientific work of the horticulture department? EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President. Dr. C. F. Harding ... head of the school.of Electzjcal Engiueuring, has returned from the annual convention of the Indiana Electric Association at French Lick. He addressed the cpnvention on the subject “Valuation of Electric Power Plants,” outlining the new “prudent investment” proposals for determining such valuations. m.m.
Air Corps Reserve Scholarships Open To Present Seniors Graduates Also Eligible; Age Limit Set At 20-27 Present seniors between the ages of 20 and 27 will be eligible for scholarships which will lead to officers’ commissions in the Army Air Corps Reserve and a starting salary of $206 per month plus quarters if they receive their degrees in January, 1941, or next spring, a buUetin received last night from Captain R. H. Dunlap, asmstant adjutant general of the reserve corps, stated. College and university graduates, as well as the present seniors, may apply for these scholarships if they are within the age group, 20 to 27 years, the bulletin continued. No Scholastic Exam Thq scholarships will be open to these groups without scholastic examinations. The cadet will earn a $76 a month salary, as well as pay for books, tuition, and living expenses during the nine-month training course. Successful applicants will be sent to an aeronautics school for three months’ preliminary training, then to Randolph Field, Tex., for basic flying lessons, and finally to Kelly Field, Tex., for senior instruction. Although the cadets must be unmarried, this restriction applies only until they complete the course. Receive Commissions Upon graduation cadets will receive commissions as second lieutenants in the Army Air Corps Reserve, and will be attached to regular army units for three years’ active flying duty. At the end of that period, they may be promoted to first lieutenants and if so they will then draw larger salaries, the bulletin further revealed. Courses in bhysics, trigonometry, geometry, arithmetic and higher algebra will be helpful to the prospec^ tive cadet, but are not absolutely necessary. Rigid Physical Exam ' Toughest prerequisite for flying cadets is the physical examination, in which they must/be judged to have excellent health, good physique, normal vision without glasses, normal hearing, sound heart, normal lungs and nervous System and must be at least 64 inches and not more than 74 inches tall. Prospects are advised by the bulletin to consult doctors who have given them physical examinations to determine if they can meet these physical conditions. Further information may be obtained at any army recruiting office or by writing the Air Office, Headquarters, Fifth Corps Area, Fort JSayes, Columbus, O. j.a,p. WSGA Petitions Due At Noon Today According to Paula Zwierlein, president of WSGA, five freshman petitions for positions on the executive board have been turned in to date. The deadline for these peti>/ tions is noon today. A mass meeting of all women will be held Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. At this time Irene Feldt, head of the placement service, will speak and in--troductipns of the nominees wUl be made. Thursday, from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m., the election of freshman representar tives will be held in the UmLon. Only freshman girls showing their passports will be permitted to vote at this time. r.l.w. Prof. W. i. Cope . . . secretary-treasurer cf the Central Indiana Section of the American Sodety of Mechanicdl hhigineers, w^ be among the several members of the Uxdvecsity tscultf and staff who will attend ^e meeV ing of the organisation at Rose Polytechnie Institute, Terre Biautei, next Friday./.(f , ’ . ' ’ '/-.' - r< ' J ‘ \ .t\
PURDOE EXPONENT
Tuesdciy> October L 1940
?/
Tfce ^ih ^^olumil
Back in 1917 BH (before Adolf) Big Bertha was good for 76 miles. Now her lusty daughter, Big Hilda, can throw a shell 90 miles—and with a fair degree of accuracy. Last week she hit the island 7 out of 10 times.
Adolf and Mussolini are wooing Franco these days. With Gibralter. They keep telling the little lad that if he pitches his tent in their camp he can have the rock. If he can take it away from the British.
We could have Russia too if Stalin didn’t want it.
The boys that whisper in F. D. R.’s ear have a new system to try on trouble in the Pacific. It calls for progressively stronger economic sanctions and war if necessary to convince the little men of Nippon that we are boss. This brainstorm of strategy was prepared for the president— By the American Committee for Nonparticipation in Japanese Aggression. * * ♦ And in France where the pinch of the food shortage is being felt the people are stahding ii^ lines. Like Russia. And Germany. The longest lines are made up of people swinging tin pails. Before the wine shops. What we can’t figure is why they don’t get wise. Like us. Send the kids.
XSntared m McMid daM matt«r at tba post ofiSae in Ij»> layette, Indiana, under the act of Consreea ot March t, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of October 8,1917, anthoriaed Jantoary 80, 1922. Pnblished dally except Monday daring the regoiar academic year and wedcly daring the Snnuner Session. Ddivered locally fay carrier for $8.00 per year, mall snb-
scription $8.60. W, Donahoe
Editor-in-Chlef-
BoainesS Blanager-
.Jterie Hagemsyer
News Editor.„_ Managing Kditor-
Associate Editors: W. K. Hi Poreell. U W. Boffner, R. M.
Publication Staff
H. McKee
D. K. Hefaple N. A. Oefafltree, JT. A.
lemp, J. It, Traogott.
Businen Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. B. Powers. Q. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. B. Daittehnajer; Aeeonnts Manager, B. JT. Shadford; Cirenlation Manager, R. M. Bectotwald.
Editor
Co-ed Staff
_Beth Simpeon
Associate Editors: Mary Kmr Miller, Both Boee, Donna
Sk^
EtHtor ,
Sports Staff
J. P. Dolan
Aaeociate Sdttocs: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Jidinson, B. O.
Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Basina Sports 2792
5038;
Beprceented for national advertising by Matioiml Advertisiiig Swvies, Ine., College PubUehers Beprceentativee, 480 Madison Ava, Now Tork, N, T.
Night Editor—^Trangott Day Editor—Siess Assistant Night Editor—Armstrong Sophomores: R H. Van Deusen, R E Weiss, R R Runnion, B. G. Kieper, E. W. McCullough. T. B Novey, M. J. Fox, A. W. Worsley, M V. Fantone, R W Weiss, B. A Barson, M. V. McCaffy.
diwd on Capitol Hill
Sophomores Fight For Varsity Berths
Editor’s Note: This is the first of a series of columns dealing with, Washington personalities and politics to be written by C. J. Hart, a Purdue student last year, and now employed by Congressional Intelligence, Inc., on Capitol Hill in Washington.
Here on Capitol Hill there’s a lot of talk. That’s a pretty normal state of affairs, they tell me. But the kind of talk J mean is different. It’s about the screwy set-up which may turn out to be one of the slippery footballs tossed about in the ensuing presidential fracas. Early last summer the President talked about there being no need for Congress to stick around. Republicans, anxious for live-wire issues, ballyhooed the statement for all it was worth. There were cries of “Dictator.” Result: The people back home wrote letters to Congress. Congress sweated all summer.
Want To Adjourn Now the election is only four weeks off, and the picture has changed. The Republicans, who did not want to go home, now would like to get home and kiss babies, shake hands, campaign. So would the Democrats. Both want equally to leave Capitol Hill—^neither is too confident of what will happen if they don’t. But the question is: Who’s going to pop the question ?
Angeles. They cite “to Hell with Chicago” among other things.
Certainly not the Republicans. They have a nice issue all cooked up. Certainly not the Democrats. They figure they don’t need to campaign any worse than the Republicans, and they won’t take the responsibility before the people for adjourning during the emergency^ and leaving the country in the hands of one man. If Congress adjourns, it’s the end of this Congress unless the President calls them back. And so they’re still in session. One congressman said they’d be there until Christmas.
Roosevelt' Is Main Show It could probably be summed up with this homely simile. Willkie is the barker out front. He’s selling the side-show to the crowd. The crowd, after listening with genuine interest, are sold. So they go in to see the show—Roosevelt. President Roosevelt tells them they can stick around and see the “real” show for an extra two-bits. And they do.
WBAA
Presidential Question The big domestic issue remains: Who is to live in the White House next year? The minority in Congress say that liberty has a new crusader from the Hoosier state who will lead democracy out of the dense fogs of New Dealism into the sunlight of liberalism. On the other side, where the political grass has been green and tall for eight years, they’re sasring that the big boss is going to stick around the White l^ouse for another four years—at least.
For a more non-partisan viewpoint, circulate around a few of the press rooms. The men who. have been covering political events for a good many years more than I have been breathing are saying things which point in one diiection—Mr. Roosevelt’s.
11:00 11:15 11:30 11:60 12:00 12:15 12:30 12:45 1:00 1:15 1:30 1:46 2:00 2:16 2:30 2:45 3:00 3:16 3:30 4:00 4:30 4:45
Tuesday The Dentist Says. Sam Hamilton, pianist. Listen While You Work. Purdue News Flashes. Russ Graefnitz, pianist. Sportsman Corner. Meet the Band. Monitor Views the News. Just Relax.
Under the tutelage of Pop Doan and Captain Bud Fisher, the Riveter varsity baseball squad i^ now Well into their third week of annual fall practice. Batting and fielding practices are held each weekday afternoon, followed by four or five innings of actual play. A definite improvement in the spirit of the squad is easily noticeable over last year. Most of the few returning juniors and seniors are finding themselves hard-pressed to hold their positions from the almost over-enthusiastic sophomores. Not only are the sophomores many, but to all appearances they possess a great deal of ability. Pitchers Potent For the pitching position, sophomores Leifheit, Petrick, and Jannish are due to show Emmert, three year veteran, some hot competition. At second, Harry McFerren, one of the few juniors, is showing up well, but the rest of the infield and most of the outfield is still wide open, mostly among the new crop of sophomores. Bud Fisher, captain of the team, has the catching position pretty well taken care of. If,it should be decided to play him somewhere else, Walt Smith, the outstanding sophomore candidate for the post, could, with a little more practice, take over. Ni^ed Experience On the whole, the pitching and catching staffs are an improvement over last year, but the rest of the squad is so very inexperienced that a lot of practice will be necessary to get the team in shape for the beginning of practice next spring.
^arket Reports. Afternoon Melodies.
Lest We Forget. Music. Magic Carpet. Parent Forum. Treasure Chest. Parade of Business. Allen Prescott. Organ Moods, Glenn Paxton. Union Interviews. Exponent of the Air. Story Book Hour.
Reporters' Opinions Reporters agree that the Republican convention was a smash hit. They insist it made grand copy. They say it left a good taste in the mouths of the American public. Reporters agree that the Democratic convention was a dull thud. They iterate that it made bad copy. They gay it left a bad taste in the mouths of the American public.
But these same reporterb say that Mr. Roosevelt can do more with one honorary degrree than Mr. Willkie ean with a trip from Cicero to Los
-TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
The yearns scrap-happiest comedy of young love!
JOAN H ^ DICK BLONDELL* POWELL
iWANTA 'pimcr
A fmntmwnt ficivrt witK
Gloria Dickson * Frank Fay
LIIHA
Today-Wed.—2 HITS
ITS A Symphony «f HUMAN EMOnONSt Remember tb^ ^reoB Jnnningo in this role? See him sor* passed by TAU1ROFF the Gnatl
PLUS— AkimTAMIROFF 2ND \ Gladys GEORGE WiUiaui FEATURE \ HENRY MurfelANGELUS
fron.icallli A liomon.icall, /W
aaoHi Ctnluiy^
Frateroity Advisors To Discuss Problems At Cary Hail Tonight
Fraternity advisors will meet this evening in Cary Hall South for their first meeting of the academic year. The program for the night will begin with a banquet at 6 o’clock. Following the dinner Controller R. B. Stewart will give a resume of the officers training school Which was held this summer. The advisors then will be conducted on a tour of the halls and will inspect the living conditions, thus giving them an opportunity to compare the residence halls with the fraternity houses. Discussion A discussion will be held following the^ tour to allow the advisors to explain and talk^over any prob-* lems that have arisen in the various fraternities and in the halls. This discussion will be led by G. 0. Arbuckle, manager of the halls. The Fraternity Advisors Association is made up of the advisor from each fraternity. No Actual Authority While it has no actual authority, the discussions of common problems often lead to new and helpful revisions of interfraternity and intrafraternity code. The association has four meetings yearly. At each meeting one member of the inter-frater-nity president’s council is present. Also, one of the advisors attends each of the council’s meetings, t.n.
The Night Editor's Corner
Promptly at 3:15 today the usual Debris junior business manager app'eared wanting the usual free publicity and presented us with the usual story. It happens every day. Too bad if the story got left out in making up. Those slips will happen at 3 o’clock in the morning.
We wish to calm the fears of University authorities who are alarmed
that apple stealing in the orchard will endanger a scientific experiment. We have received definite information that the experiment is a success. The apples were very good, thank you. j.l.t.
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR DANCING CLASSES
Beginners'/ Wed., Oct. 2nd Advanced Thurs., Oct. 3rd
Study Under a Nationally-Known Instructor
Indiana's Largest Dancing School ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
TODAY - MONDAY — DOUBLE FEATURE — Gurr JPBBM GRANT ARIHini
— PLUS — 1939's Greatest Screen Adventure!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Letter To The Editor
Dear Sir: Last year the organized rooting section ii¥' the Ross-Ade stadium was very ineffective, but I trust it will be much improved this yealt. Tell the leaders of the rootjng section that they should get the freshmen trained long before the Wisconsin game, and that we’ll be looking for more volume and snap. No news songs yet? If the cheering sections aren’t more effective this year than last, I’ll not invite guests another year. Thanks, An Alumnus.
Dear Sir: I was quite surprised that your Gallup poll gave Willkie the lead. After the seven and one-half years of prosperity that Purdue has enjoyed, due to the generosity of our one grand President. We hear people tell of the ingratitude of those on relief. Well! They bite the hand
that feeds them might better be applied to Purdue. After the “grants” they procured from the Governor for the building of the stadium, Cary Hall, Music Hall and various other buildings, just for we tax payers to keep up. Most of the students are “poor farmer” boys living in luxury over there at the expense of the tax payer. And then they vote for a good business man like Willkie, probably his get rich quick method, and his rough language are their definition of a real business man. Well! Franklin D Roosevelt’s name will be read in history long after the name of any Purdue student exists. It would lessen the ire of the residents of the East Side if you did not mention the Gallup poll. It just doesn’t make good common sense to see Purdue against their only benefactor, F. D. RooseVelt. Respectfully yours, Mrs. J. H. Mavity, 651 N. Seventh, Lafayette.
TODAY - WEDNKDAY if4 gwy horn Wttiklrtgloftl ’’ mu RQSftLiHQ STEWART-RUSSELL I
GENEVIEVE T0BIM>CHAMJERU6GLES | AUYi$Jk>$lyo«CUretice KolbaLomsc Bc«vef8 ;
— WITH—.
BURGESS MEREDITH LON CHANEY, JR.
—.AND —
^''Oducer^ReleoslnqOjroorafion pnuMmii
2^ReieosInc
» TBM
UcCOIT’
frontierCrusadGr
1^ — ALSO —
"Terry and the Pirates," Serial
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices \EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
''C
‘Never mind looking at your watch, you!—I’ll tell you when the ^ national emergency is over!”
r
r
m
.,1;'iV; ;v”; -'-\ r’ : ;-_w ;y. %; .-v s-v.v'-o,-...>;-v.'i>v ' '■ ,,.1 ..y,-,',c..;:V' ■■• >■ ■^; y .'' - ■: . ’ , ,, •' : ’ . . ■' ' ■ ,' . . yif. / ;,■^.£:'■ V-p ^
^ ' I
1".
Tuesddiyt Ocfober L 1940
t>t}BDtiE Exponent
T. w
k Iris Illusions By Josep^i Patrick Dolan
There seems to be no rest for the wicked—or otherwise. Last , night Mai Elward and his assistants went right after the varsity squa<^. to groom it for the invasion of Columbus, 0., this coming Saturday. —I-I— Elmer Burnham, frosh coach, and one of the most dependable scouts in the land, was on hand with a group of his freshmen to pull a few of Ohio State’s many plays on-the varsity. Elmer related, “The Bucks are big, fast, and smooth; once their attack gets rolling, it’s like a snowball.” _I.I_ According to the freshmen operations, the Buckeyes must hide the , ball from the spectators all afternoon. Reverses, spinners, screwy line maneuvers, laterals galore, and now and then a pass were in Bumham’s repertoire. —I-I— That contest doivn at OSU this coming week-end will be a heller for these Gold and Black warriors, but sincerely, I don’t believe \ye’ll be defeated. We may not win, but I’ll be confounded if Dave Rankin, .A1 Rossi, Pete Timperman, Jim Miller, Tex Axton, ^nd .Jack Winchell are going to be pushed around by any club. _I_I_ We’re planning a big serenade for the varsity when they leave Thursday, and the band’s going along in support; so I’ll still be hankered if I can see a defeat—or a victory on the horizon.
Fr^sh Run Through Ohio State Trickery With Varsity Team Anyone watching the Boilermaker freshman' football team run through plays this week would think they were watching a miniature Ohio State team in action. The reasoht for this, the freshmen are using the Buckeye team’s plays against the varsity in preparation for the Riveter-Ohio State game next Saturday. The Ohio State team uses a complicated system of offense. Consequently this is the system the frosh are using on the varsity. Other teams on Pimdue’s schedule this season using a more or less complicated system of offense are Minnesota and Indiana. The rest of this year’s opponents use the Nbtre Dame style of offense, siich as the Boilermakers use themselves. These include Michigan State, Wisconsin, Iowa and Fordham. g.t.w.
J'DodA. are always served in the quiet and dignified Chestnut Room For good food served in pleasant surroundings visit the Chestnut Room today. The Chestnut Room 3rd Floor Union j i) (pWvdiJUL Tltsum^uaL lAjnhfL ^ The Comer Qf the Campus— the Cen$er of Activities
Buckeyes Lead With Their Ace Don Scott Riveter Gridmen Grimly Prepare For Buckeyes
Intramural Sports
Weight-lifters Meet All of the school’s strong men should be interested in the formation of a weight-lifter’s club. The first meeting will be held in room 104 of the Fieldhouse tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. w.h.h. SOFTBALL^Today Diamond 1 Delta Upsjlon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma ' 2 . Sigma Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 3 Pi Kappa Pl)i vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 4 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 6 Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon 6 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Chi. 7 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8 Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu. 9 Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Gamma Bho. 10 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall/ 8. 11 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10. 12 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 12. 13 Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 4. 14 Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 18.
16 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 11. 16 Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 14. ALL CAMPUS GOLF—Today B Flight Benna vs. Sprague. Smalley vs. Stigleman. E. Johnson vs. Hendrickson. Reese vs. Wolter. Crowser vs. Doherty. Luntz vs. Schumacher. Championship Flight Shook vs. Shead. Lee vs. Jones. Dixon vs. Gossett. Dittmer vs. Hoffman. Green vs. Peppier. A Plight Carlson vs. Richardson.
Weglinsky vs. Rune. Shelby vs. Sells. Esping vs. Hawk. Polk vs. Hufstater. First round matches must be played off by Thursday, October 8. Ward Lambert . . . Boilermaker basketball mentor announces all freshmen interested in coming out for basketball report to him daily from 3:15 to 5 p. m. in the Fieldhouse, g.t.w, ,
The LEE TEL $5.00 Will not only improve your Hat-i-tude but your aj^pearance as well. It’s not the same old hat. The mirror Cells the story. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat..; 13.50.
LEE HATS
' 358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. tansa.'u. ■. patent OFFICE ^
'S^d&IsuiL are exclusive dealers for L«E HATS in, Lafayette and West Lafayette 'I ’ ' See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL HAT. Frices $2.95 to $5.00
A grim and determined group of footballers held a long and sported practice session on Ross-Ade Rjecreation Field yesterday afternoon to begin the final preparations for the Big Ten bpener against a team not only destined by many prognosticators to romp off with Western Conference honors, but also chosen by a great , many authorities as potentially the finest aggregation in the country, the mighty Ohio State Buckeyes. Nowhere on the field was there -
any indication of fear or defeat, but rather an obvious indication that if conscientiousness and hard work could win a ball game, the Buckeyes werff" set for a stirring defeat. Every man on the squad was giving his best during the practice. Passing Practice Over on one side of the field at the beginning of practice Brock, BertOjI Fijali, Kersey, and Rankin held a' spirited drill on pass offense. Tackles and guards were pushing Assistant Coach Mackay, riding on the charging machine, with remarkable speed and finesse. A little later Petty, Brock, Galvin, Carter, and others sent scores
of skyward soaring punts into the waiting hands of other baekfield men far down the field. Diminuitive Mike Byelene was making ^ome fast sprints with the hall after catching the punts. The ends were running down under the punts like frightened deer. Do Or Die! Never have we seen a squad practice with such determination. Said Head Coach Mai Elward, speaking for the team, “The Pnrdue team and coaching staff consider the Ohio State squad the same as any other team. They can be licked if everyone thinks they can.”
Pictured above is 215 pound Don Scott, Ohio State’s triple threat quarterback. This potential All-American is expected to spearhead a powerful air and ground offensive which the Buckeyes will throw against the Boilermakers in their first defense of their Big Nine crown. Widely heralded as a high school star, his sophomore year was one disappointment after another. 'That fall he reported fojr basketball. The team won the Western Conference title largely because of the fiery competitive spirit of Captain Jim Hull. Scott became infected with that spirit and returned last fall to chalk up a series of dazzling performances, being named on virtually all All-Conference and All-Midwest elevens. This year promises to be his greatest. His aerials accounted for two touchdowns Saturday in the Bucks’ opener, a 30-7 rout of Pitt. e.c.y.
Boilermaker Trackmen Prepare For Opener Against Veteran Indiana Contingent Friday Limbering up on the truck in Ross-Ade stadium yesterday afternoon were the members of Purdue’s track team who aspire to one of the seven berths on the cross-country team which holds its first meet with Indiana University Friday at 4:15 p. m. in the stadium.
Competition for these berths will be keen since this meet will, in all probability, be one of the toughest in this year’s schedule. Kane Back Again A list of I.U.'s cross-country/team members includes Kane, National Intercollegiate one-half mile champion; Hedges and Toliver, who isj the Big Ten two mile champ.' Berths for Friday’s meet will be awarded by the best performers in time trials which will be held tonight at practice. ^ The Rivetdr team will probably include such track veterans as Holderman, who placed second to Toli-
ver in the National Intercollegiate meet last year. Reeves, Schulman, McLaughlin and Jarvis. Record Endangered An eighteen minute fifty second record for the three and one-half mile course now prevails, but, according to Coach Phillips, ansrthing can happen when men of the caliber competing Friday are running. w.h.h. Minnesota beat the best the West Coast has to offer—and we’ve got a soft schedule, according to Brother Bo down on the Jordan. Bushwau!
HOME AND BACK BY Railway Express!
Direct as a "touchdown pass” is the campus-to-home laundry service offered by RAILWAY EXPRESS. We call for your laundry, take it home... and then bring it back to you at your college address. It’s as quick and convenient as that! You may send your laundry prepaid or collect, as you prefer. Low rates include calling for and delivering in all cities and principal towns. Use RAILWAY EXPRESS, too, for swift shipment of all packages and luggage. Just phone
9 So. Second St.
Phone 5069
Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWA
ACI^NCY
XPRESS
INC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE I
“REST ASSURED”
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated HLueblazer Aircondidoned
Fourth and Ferry
ligfoyottia
^ . ‘'i: ■'> • >... ^ 'S/’s'r..‘'■v*;
jf^ WK‘“-
i||t.,;'
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 1, 1940
WLi ZL^ ^ We
eann^
By MARY KAY
Organization Heads Will Meet To Discuss
Before the game started, even before the senior parade was under way, another parade was going on 'in front of the grandstands. Yes, the co-eds and the men were taking their places on the bleachers. —^wTw— Leading the parade, we saw Jane Adams in a semi-tailored wool dress and her escort wasn’t bad either. Dorothy Guinan was wearing a pastel plaid of orchid and gold with a hood attached. She was a welcome sight after all the red that had been going by. Jean Hagemeyer stepped out in a long-sleeved green sweater over a tweed skirt and topped by a multicolored beanie with a feather.
on their twirlers would show our twirlers up. The girls really looked keen in those white skirts and jackets and shakos. When they did the flips we were surprised to see the blue lining of the skirts, but pleased, too. The band looked very attractive (at least from a distance) in their blue and white uniforms.
Activity Coordination
—^wTw— / Heading the men came George Osborne in a hand-knit brown sweater. Marge Bollman was attired in a red-flannel tailored dress topped by a red cord beanie. Joan Cooper chose a brown-plaid jacket over an orchid sweater and brown skirt, jyirglnia Diehl looked smart in a green-plaid shirt with a plaid bonnet to match and a dark green skirt. —wTw— The first shawl of the season appeared matching a plaid skirt of the same green and red plaid. These were combined with a green shirt. Red seemed to be the favorite color at the game. The Butler section was covered with it and our section ran them a close first. Green was running second with a little to spare and knee sox made their debut for the year. Several pair in various colors were worn. —^wTw— We saw Barbara Fellows decked out in an olive green corduroy suit topped with a brown corduroy button bonnet. Mary Anderson chose a green-plaited skirt with a longsleeved tan sweater and kwee sox to match. Vinton Taylor wore a brown checked skirt with one of the new longer men’s jackets in tan flannel. Jeannie Bair took along her “sock ’em” mits, in bright green, just in case it snowed or something. Anyhow they were good to look at. Charlotte Hass wore a green corduroy jumper with a red jersey shirt. —^wTw— Just before the game started Ruth Newton came in in a red, white and blue sweater. Jane Winterrowd wore her green corduroy reversible over a sweater with pearls. Flash! There went a girl with a dagger through her heart. Don’t be alarmed, it was only for decoration. She was wearing a blue plaid skirt topped by a blue sweater. —^wTw— When Butler’s band strutted their stuff we were afraid the uniforms
—wTw— The show really opened when our military band swept onto the field with the twirlers at the head of the parade. Gene Huffman and Lloyd Myers, men twirlers, were a handsome sight in white uniforms trimmed with black and gold. Mary Helen Pohlman (who would have stopped the game if it had been going on) did all right in her all-gold uniform trimmed with black. They did some high class twirling (perhaps in appreciation for their n.3W uniforms). —^wTw— The final ^n sounded and we had won our first game. And so ’til the next game, ’twas fun.
Former National Tennis
Champ To Give Exhibition
Forestry Club Members Will Hold Steak Fry
Mary K. Brown, former national tennis champion, holder of the Wightman Cup for two years, and author of “Streamlined Tennis,” will be on the campus Thursday and Friday of this week to take charge of the co-ed tennis classes for these two days. For the benefit of those who do not take tennis Miss Brown will give a mixed doubles tennis exhibition Friday at‘4 o’clock at the women’s tennis courts, v.b.
Heavilon Hall clock is run by counterweights which are cranked to the top of the tower by hand once each week.
Alpha Phi Omega
Classified Ads
... national scouting service honorary, will hold its second open meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 304 of the Union. All Scouts and former Scouts are cordially invited to this meeting.
FOR SALE
Typewriters and adding: machines, new and naed, for sale, rent and repaired. AH makes of portable tyi>ewriteni, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeosraph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —^
Notices
No notices receiTed after 6 p. m.
Russ'-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Wanted: Student laundry work guaranteed. Prices reasonable. Phone 66611.
All Men: All men interested in varsity or freshman swimming are invited to attend the Dolphin swimming reception, Tuesday, Oct. 1, at 7:30 p. m., in the east faculty lounge' of the Union. —HERR.
For Rent: Room in new insulated brick home. Gas heat, tiled shower, private entrance. Phone 2143.
Tau Bets Pi: Meeting Wednesday, October 2 at 4 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
WANTED—One or two students to share apartment with two others. Cooking privileges. Phone 7242.
PA Systems: Open bid for P- A. system for PIA tea dances. Information at the PIA office in the Union. —^ELDER.
waiLl SubJUUdbsL io HuL SxponsmL Jbdcuf^!
Camera Club: Darkrooms will be closed at 6 p. m., Tuesday, Oct. 1, for at least fpur days to permit repairs. All club members who have locks on lockers must sign up again in book at Webt Desk. New lockers .will be placed in Room 86 before Sunday evening. Locks will be cut Tuesday on those lockers whose lessees have neglected to indicate their lockers in the book. —ARCHIBALD.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: There will be a meeting Tuesda^', October 1, at 4 p. m. in the Exponent office. Plans will be made for a co-ed edition. —SIMPSON.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting for discussion of pledging Wednesday, October 2, at 6 p. m. in room 282 of the Union. •—OSW^AXix.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Thursday, October 8 at 7:80 p. m. in room 236 of the Union. —MYERS.
Science Seniors; Dividend of one coke per person declared. Meeting in at 4 P- m. on Wednesday, October 2. —OSWALT.
Representatives of all activities on the campus are asked by the Activities Bureau to meet in room 304 of the Union tomorrow at 7 p, m. to discuss new ideas and the unnecessary or overlapping functions of the various organizations. At the beginning of the meeting each representative will present an outline of the program his respective organization is carrying out this year. All activities who, because of the nature of their respective duties and services, think that they should have a representative at this meeting, must notify Walter,, Gipe, director of Activities Bureau, by 6:30 today. t This is the first year that a meeting of this kind has ever been held, and it is sponsored by Mortar Board with the co-operation of Activities Bureau, m.f.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their check by calling at the Registrar’s office. I —STONE.
WSGA Activities: Workers meet in WSGA office Tuesday, October 1, at 4 p. m. —CLOSE.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting ^7:80 p. m. Tuesday, October 1, in tiie ’^GA office. —ZWIERUBIN.
AH Students: Any students interested in doing art work for the 1941 Debris see Jean Jones in the Debris office on Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, September 30, October 1, October 2, at 4 p. m. —JONES.
Undergraduate Dames: Opeb house party will be held Tuesday, October 1, at 7:30 p. m. in the west faculty lounge. —GERSTUNG.
YWCA Cabinet: See schedule of office assignments posted on bulletin board in office immediately. —'WOELFFLE.
Purdue Women’s Club: Two Splash hours in the Women’s gym on, Tuesday, October 1, and Thursday, October 3, at 10 a. m. Each person must bring a doctor’s permit, her own cap, and ten cents. Regular swimming classes will begin Tuesday, October 16, Mrs, K. W. Crain is in charge of the swimming group this year. —SMITH.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, October 3, at 7:80 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. An interesting meeting has been planned. Visitors are welcome. —LONG.
All Freshmen: All freshmen who wish to try for the freshman basketball squad will report daily this week from 3:16 to 6 p. m. to Coach Lambert in the Fieldhouse. , —LAMBERT:
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Wednesday, October 2, at 7:80 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Important. —STEWART.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 1, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. .—MACK.
All Organizations: Clubs and organizations wishing to use rooms in the Union Building for monthly, semi-monthly, or weekly meetings, etc., should notify the Student Union office shartly as to the days and times desired. —CLARK. 10-4
Cleveland Purdue Club: First meeting of the year to be held Tuesday, October 1, at 8 p. m., in room 366 of the Union. ^ —STEVENS.
. Ceres: Meeting Tuesday, October 1, at 7:30 p. In. Room number of Ag Hall bulletin board. —JOHNSON.
WAA Fencing: Fencing practice will be held for everyone at 4 o’clock on Tuesday and Friday afternoons. —^McFARLAND.
Student Counselors: Correction of September 28, 1940 notice — All student counselors for mm are’ to turn ■ in their freshman Activities Bureau interview cards to the personnel office as soon as interviews are completed. Counselors of men are to turn in their other interview forms to the faculty advisor with whom they work as soon as they can. —JOHNSON.
Catalyst Club: Meeting for the election of pledges on Tuesday, October 1, at 7 p. m. in room 110 of the Chemical Engineering Building. —BERGSTEDT.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting of the executive committee Tuesday, October 1, at 7 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. • —YATES.
Book Exchange Board: Meeting in the Student Union office Tuesday, October 1, at 4 p. m. —^HOPPER.
Weight Lifters: All men interestedi in weight lifting club please meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, Wednesday, Octobw^ at 7:S0 p. m. -SCOTT.
Pan-Hellenic Council: Meeting in room 364 of the Union at 4 :S0 p. m. Tuesday, October 1. —SMITH.
Union Sophomores: Meeting_ of the Riding club committee in the Union office on Tuesday, October 1, at 4:16 p. ——HEPBURN.
Sjnging, novelty numbers and introduction of staff members will furnish entertainment at the annual Forestry club steak fry to be held at Cary Scout Camp. The ^teak fry will start at 6 p. m. and will be followed by a campfire. Free transportation will be furnished, buses leaving the Horticultural Building at 4 p. m. and 5 p. m. Twenty-five cent tickets may be obtained from the department office or from club members. All club and staff members and visitors are welcome.
Play A ^^CLEAN^’ Qame
Enjoy the thrills of fall sport in smart clean clothes—snappy and bright looking. The zest of vigorous play is enhanced with clothes dry cleaned for perfect neatness, for durable comfort.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
COOLERy MILDER, BETTER-TASTING «• • that means Chesterfield
There’s a whole World’s Series of good smoking in Chesterfields.. .that’s why it’s the smoker^s cigarette. The best tobaccos in all of Tobaccoland ... blended together for MILDNESS, COOLNESS and BETTER TASTE. Do you smoke the cigarette that SATISFIES
Copyright 1940, LicctnOMnM Tomcoo Co,
MORE AND MORE...AMERICA SMOKES THE CIGARETTE THAT SATISI^IES
't
t\ ll
f f