N i
ii'; EDIT' Tells , New War Council Plans
■'H
Established 1889
xpOHeni w Keeo Berlin Burnitt!?
WITCH6S" COi^Utm Reveals Insight i On Local Life
^ ^Volume 56, No. 83
Purdue Uniyersity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 30, 1943
Season First Formal tktnce To Feature Childs
\
First formal dance of the season will be Friday, Deceniber 17, when Reggie Childs and his “Rolling Styles” orchestra, featuring Loretta Vale and Dick Williams, will play in the \Unioii ballroom^ Bob Holmes, co-chairman in charge of pub-
licity for the Union, has announced.
( Admission charge will be $1.66 per couple; the theme of the dance will be announced later.
Elections Pick 14 Representatives " ' ~~ Semester Plans Of Officers Team Elects Barwegen Most Valuable hclude Green Potter Election
«r *
Player At Annual Football Banquet
Childs has broadcast over Columbia, NBC and Mutual networks and has recorded for Victor and Decca. Before organizing his own orchestra, he was featured violinist with Paul Whiteman, Vincent Lopez and Wayne King. Smith Releases Guidance Plans For Schools Dudley A. Smith, director of state personnel, recently announced that vocational guidance service' would be given to all ,higli schools and colleges of Indiana as part of the new program of advisory and placement services. Dr. Paul J. Pey, technical consultant of the Indiana State Personnel Division, has been appointed student counselor for the new guidance program. J)r. Pay pointed out several advantages to high school pupils of the vocational counseling services beipg offered by the personnel divisibn. Guidance Material Distributed As one feature of the counseling 'seiyice the state personnel division recently mailed guidance material to nearly a thousand principals and counseling officers of Indiana high schools. The material included a list of the classes of positions which are now open to graduates of colleges, professional schools and schools of nursing. Also included were charts showing the lines of promotion in the various fields of work in the state merit seiwice. Another feature of the new program is the scheduling of merit exams for clerical, typing and^stenographic positions so that pupils may take them during their final seirtester in high school. Passing an examination will make them^ eligible for appointment immediately after graduation. Charts, Examinations Used tjse of the personnel division’s career charts and the student’s merit examination grade will help the school guidance officers to steer students from blind-alley jobs after graduation. One significant result of tbe new vocational guidance service which will be a general benefit to all the citizens of Indiana will be a rising of the achievement level of the public services so the people of the state will receive more effective and economical returns on their tax dollars. Governor Appoints Elliott Head Of WHC Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, has been appointed by Governor Henry F. Schricker to the newly created Indiana War History Commission. The purpose of the commission is to collect and preserve documentary evidence- of Indiana’s participation in World War II. Dr. f. C. Elliott . . . president of t^lie University, loft Monday for New York City, where he will preside as toastmaster at a banquet to be held during the annual ipeeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.. He was accompanied by Dean A. A. Potter, who will be gliest of honor at the Purdue Alumni Club meeting December 1, and Prof. H. L. Solberg, who is to present a paper' prepared in collaboration with several of his colleagues.
Students To
Navy Lieutenant Psssion To Speak At Open Play Tickets
Convo December 10
Convocation has been arranged by Prof. F. G. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, which will be held Friday, December 10, in the Hall of Music. Lt. (jg) Edward T. Hamiltoi^will be the speaker. Lt. Hamilton has had the unique experience of serving in a PT boat squadron in the southwest Pacific. He entered the Navy two years ago as an ordnance officer and later joined the squadron at the time when the U. S. Navy was just beginning to feel its way into enemy territory. He was one of the early war characters who have been glamorized in “They Were Expendable” and other war books. The convocation will be open to the public with no admission charge. Operators To Discuss Greenhouse Topics At Annual Conference Greenhouse operators from various parts of the state will attend the annual conference tomorrow in the lecture room of the Horticulture Building. The all-day conference will begin at 9 a. m., according to Prof. E. C. Stiar, program director. The meeting will be mainly concerned with problems of greenhouse soil sterilization and diagnosing of disease troubles. Eobert Bolling of Indianapolis will preside over the meeting. The speakers will include Dr. Laurenz Green, head of the horticulture department; Ed Ristow of Indianapolsi; Prof. W. T. Miller, heating and ventilating engineer; Joseph Fueglein of Richmond, and members of the Univei’sity horticulture and botSny departments.
Admission To Convo To Cost* Fifty Cents Students who wish to take advantage of the opportunity to buy bargaifi rate seats for the production of the Black Hills Passion Play in the Hall of Music on December 2 and 4 are urged to get their tickets in advance in order to avoid any last minute rush at the box office, announces Pr^f. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge. * Studertt tickets, priced at 50 cents including tax,^can be obtained at the ticket office in the Fie^house or at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Purchasers must present suitable identification. Same Price to Students Both service and civilian students will be admitted for the same 50cent price for all performances, but Prof. Gunn pointed out that students not in uniform must show their passports in addition to the special student tickets. Over 100 student extras will appear as guards, disciples, court girls and temple girls, A University choir of 60 members will act
as an orchestra,
The first Passion Play originated in Westphalia, a'province of old Germany, in 1242. Given annually until 1932, it then started on a world tour because of religious per-
secution in Germany.
For 200 years a member of the Meier family has taken the role of the Christus. Josef Meier, present portrayer of that role. Is the seyenth generation to have the part. Many of the 22 scenes shown in the play have been taken from famous paintings by old masters. Perhaps the best known is the Last Supper, which is given just as^Da Vinci painted it. ^ ^ Rehearsals Start for Students Rehearsal time for University students taking part in the Passion Play has been set for tomorrow. The chorus will meet in the musical organizations second floor studio at 7:30 p. m., while extras and supers will be on the stage at the same
time for a cue rehearsal.
By Ruy Smith Bringing to a fitting climax the most successful season since 1929, the football team elected Dick Barwegen as the most valuealble player on the squad. In giving this tribute to Dick, the team members recalled his stalwart performances at his guard position throughout the season and especially in the Indiana game. Barwegen Civilian Player Barwegen was one of the few civilians on the team, and was the only regular who was a member of the Boilermaker squad a year ago. Before the season started for the Riveters, Dick was a member of the Collegiate All-Stars. At the Kiwanis-sponsored banquet where the selection was announcefl by Elmer Burnham, Barwegen was selected by Pop Doan to represent the team in the ceremony of attaching the eleventh “P” to the string on the Old Oaken
Bucket.
Wynkoop After Dinner Speaker A1 Wynkoop, public relations director of the U. S. Machine Corporation, lived up to his reputation as an after dinner speaker by Kis comments that covered a wide range of material. In his more serious moments he said that sports are an American tradition; he added that the gridiron sport had come through its trial with flying colors. In paying tribute to the team, Wynkoop said that Elmer Burnham must have been a good farmer for he taught his players how to make hay from grass that grew under the feet of
the opponents.
Prior to the talk by Wynkoop, Burnham announced the players that were awarded major letters. He also introduced his assistant coaches as well as members of the squad. After Red Mackey was presented with a replica of the Old Oaken Bucket by Eth Baugh in behalf of C. A. Haag, he stated that, that bucket would never leave the
Pui-due campus.
Indiana Pictures Shown At the conclusion of the program pictui’es of the Purdue-Indiana game were shown to those attend-
ing the banquet.
Dr. E. C. Young . . . dean of the graduate school, is in Chicago today to address the American Society of Animal Production. He will speak on “The Outlook for the Livestock Industry During and After the Wao:.”
Here It Is . . .
Frosh To Receive Petitions For Green Potters Thursday
In the ufternoon the conference will inspect various new varieties
of tomatoes and leaf lettuce which have been developed for greenhouse ^ lx ^ growing. A special conference will Koydlty LtOmBS 10 ij(impUS . . •
be held for all persons who are interested in converting their greenhouses ranges from the growing of flowers to the cultivation of vege-
tables.
Old Oaken Bucket oncq more graces the campus due to the 7-0 victory over Indiana University the 20th of this month. The last “P” link was added last night at the
annual football banquet.
R. Orton To Speak At ASME Meeting Wednesday Night R. E. Orton, chief engineer of, the Acm6 Steel Company, will spedlc on “Theory in Commercial Practice” at the regular ASME meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in room
108 of the ME Building.
Orton, who is well known in the field of mechanical engineering, is the author of numerous articles on photo-elasticity and stress analysis.
With the close of the Student Senate election polls yesterday in the Union, 14 new members became part of the student governing body of the University, according to an announcement made by Jack Heinze, president of the Senate. Those elected to Junior positions include Ed Siebert, Civil Engineering; Sgt. Burt Rubens, Mechanical Engineering and ■ ASTP student; J. Alvin Hen-
derson, Electrical Engineering; George Brankey, Agriculture ; Martha Lee Riggs, Home Economics, and member of Delta Gamma; tying for the Science School representative position are Marge Miller, Pi Beta Phi, and Faye Gumper, Delta Gamfiia, who will collaborate in filling the Petitions for the seven offices in office.
Green Potter, freshman class or- New Sophomores ganization for eds, will'be available New sophomore representatives Thursday, Student Senate officials are: Engineering School, Pvt. Don have announced. The petitions may Barry, ASTP; Carl Winkler, Beta be obtained by any male freshman Theta Pi; Arland Borgeson, Kappa in the Senate offices, the former Sigma, and Lawrence Earle, Beta fraternity affairs office in the Union, Theta Pi. Science School: Bob between 4 and 5:30 p. m., from Adlei', sailor m the V-12 from WisThursday, December 2 to Thursday, consin and member of Delta UpsiDecember 9. ion; Home Economics, Rosemary The petition will cost $1 to cover Riordan, Alpha Chi Omega, and the expenses of the election, and Pharmacy School, Cleonice DeKay, must be returned to the Senate of- Delta Gamma, fice by 6 p. m. December 9, signed The new legislators received their by 50 male freshmen. memberships by a general campus Green Potter is the governing election, and will sei-ve for a sebody of the freshman class, with the mester. Senior officers, who were candidate -receiving the highest elected by Senate members, are: number of votes becorning presi- Juck Heinze, president; A1 Lin-
skoog, vice president; Wilma Palm,er, secretary, and Lewis Fischdr,
treasurer.
Plans for the semester formulated by the new officers include a Green Potters election in about two weeks and a continuation of the
Coed Canteen. Senate’s Duties
The Student Senate, designated as the “Voice of the Campus,” is authorized to supervise campus elections and to approve the constitutions of activities. Besides striving to represent student opinions, and to safeguard students’ interests, the organization is a clearing
Electrical engineering students house for student tutoring instruewho are interested in holding an tors; it compiles a list of available office in AIEE this semester should undergraduates and graduates inattend a meeting in the reading terested in tutoring, room of the Electrical Engineering Besides its legislative functions.
dent and the next six highest re-
ceiving positions on the board.
The electidn will be held December 14, and will be conducted by the Student Senate, assisted by Skull and Crescent, sophomore hon-
orary for fraternity men.
AIEE Will Nominate
Officers Thursday
For Present Semester
the Senate maintains the lost and found department; the distribution of extra commencement tickets and the sale of programs and invitations are a Senate function. Re-
Building Thursday at 4 p. m.. Bob Williams, present chairman of the organization, has announced. Representatives from the sopho-
more, junior and senior EE classes . will be elected after the nominations ^ponsibility for arrangements for are made Thursday and a date is the senmr parade and the mustache set for the elections. A chairman he with the Senate,
and four vice-chairmen will also be
nominated.
Union Officers Speak To 100 Prospective Workers At Callout Although approximately 100 prospective Union workers attended the callout held yesterday, more workers would be welcomed, John Woolling, president of Union, has announced. L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, explained the history and purpose of the building at the callout. The three senior board members, John Woolling, Mary Bowlby and Kathleen Gannon, each spoke and the junior board members explained the functions of the various committees which they head. Those students who aie interested in working on Union and who were unable to attend the callout may report to Bette Lu Krudup or Dick Haase in the Union office any afternoon between 4 and 6.
's Rassle King^ Queen
Nominations End Tomorrow
By Jim Wendell Hurry, hurry, little children, the nominations for Sigma Delta Chi’s Riveter Rassel’s queen and kingclose tomorrow evening at 5 p. m. Get your ballots into the west desk by this time. Merely fill out a blank piece of paper with your one and only choice and hand it to the fair-haired damsel at the west desk. The SDX went into a huddle and came out with—flash—yes, the theme is finally announced. It is “Winter Carnival.” The date for this world-shaking phenomenon is December 11 (the SDX hopes). The tickets go on sale for the low price of $1.64 4-5 cents at the' west desk of the Union and from any browbeaten Sigma Delta Chi member this coming- Friday and thereafter. Queen and King of Snowflakes The Queen and the King of Snowflakes will reign supreme over the carnival. Their coui’t will consist of the King and Queen of the Northern Lights, King- alid Queen of Icy
Mists, King and Queen of the Shimmering Skis and the King- and Queen of the Silver Skates. When the elite members of Sigma Delta Chi trouped up to the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union to tabulate the nominations that are in, they found merely a few thousand. One of these the girl at the desk tried to keep from the tabulator, but when it was finally picked up he found it to be Dusty Rhoades, who was nominated for one of the queens. He had hypnotized the little lady into letting him cast a ballot for himself. Mad Nominees Turn in Names Some of the nominations came in on campus envelopes, while others were written on pages from text books. The most humorous one was from the person who handed in Dick Butsch’s name for king on a funny paper. Form B paper ^w the names of Maggie Grotnes, Marion Lively, Pat Harding, Carolyn Wilbur alias C. J, W., Rosemary Oesch,
Martha Lee Riggs and Marge Libbert. Another nomination for queen was for Barbara Wells, which
showed up on wrapping paper.
Nine other handsome Romeos were nominated besides that of Dick Butsch, which appeared on the comic ^ strip of Mickey Mouse. Whether by friend or enemy or by themselves, the SDX has no way of knowing. It seems some stuffed the ballot box when Jack Abbott’s name got entered, as he is the one known as Jack “Looking Around” Abbett. A1 Lindskog of Student Senate was one of the Beau Brummels nominated, as was P. G. Glunt, commonly called “Baby'Face.”
Senate Stuffs Ballot Box
Another Student Senate man (looks like dirty work afoot), nomi.nated was Jack Heinz, a/s. Then there was Eddie, the basketball kid; Timm; Bill Cross, the galloping D. U,; Roy Clark, usually seen with the Kappas, and Bill Kennedy, the get-around guy of the Kappa Sigs.
University Town Meeting Will Hold Session Thursday University "town Meeting will hold its second session Thursday evening at 5:45 in Wesley Foundation on State Street across from the
Union.
Speakers of the evening will be Professors G. R. Tjhornton of the Education department and G. H. Grey of the Mathematics department. Each of these professors will speak for fifteen minutes about his views on the question, “Are we fighting to rid the world of racism ? ” The audience will be encouraged to suggest additional topics for the list of topics that will be presented in future meetings. The participation of those present will help enable discussions of more vital
topics.
Ralph W. Mitchell . . . ex-Ag. ’17, who left Purdue for service in World War I, has been appointed aide to the national commander of the American Legion in Indianapolis. Mr. Mitchell took his degree in agriculture at California University after the wai-. He remained in the west and was director of agriculture in Marysville High School and Junior College when called to the post at legion headquarters.
■ i
fi
Triton Glob Will Hold Open Meeting For All Prospective Members Tonight at 7:15 p. m. the Triton Club will hold an open meeting in the Women’s Gym for any University woman who is interested in becoming a member of the women’s honorary swimming organization. A business meeting will precede a demonstration of the tests necessary for membership m Triton. These tests will bei demonstrated by members of the club. After this introduction, girls may begin to pass their requirements foi mem-
bership.
F. J. Keilholz . . , Ag. ’20, extension editor of the University of Illinois for Ihp last 20 years, has been granted a year’s leave of absence to accept a position as associate editor of the Country Gentleman. Mr. Keilholz was in England several weeks the past summer to study the British food situation for the Ministry of Information. Ho has left for Philadelphia to assume his duties’. Prof. H. A. Bpiz . . . associate professor of mechanical engineering, has had an article published in the SeptemberOctober issue of the publication Trained Men. The article is entitled “Industrial Relation from Matiagement’^ Point of View.”
■J > u 'Pag^ 2
Purdue Exponent
\
\
Tuesday9 November 30^ 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Furdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phono 4005 Sports, Ficfdhouse, Phone 2792 Edft^nai Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Busincsi Momsfr Nens Editor Manastilnff Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Miirph Mary Dilt William 11 Tysoi Carolyn Wilbu Ra>mond J feniith Kusscll M Elpbs
Publication Staff Edit! ri I Sloir Associate Editors Tacit Abl ett Ruth M tord Madelyn A Orntnes J if, 1 3 1 ras i M rrat t Y blcflcs Jam Ac! ern on 11 I! \ (,1 1 1 11 b Wai t M rtl a L Eirgs Katv How os Scr\icc Stair At ir B tier Gabriel Elias Leo 1 riedman jack Martire Taj Newman
Business Staff
Advertising Manager C L Ga ii t Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Saucrnian
Staff Tor This Issue Niglt Editor Rchaid n Day Editor Steffc tilv Editor I rJ Issue I ditor Bayne &I oris Edit r P ( irl cr Reporters I M G c 1 tn I C o Ir iargai Millci la. 1 Cr Put I a 1 H i 1 n K c ‘vttfTc Bil cl Br 1 A ( a 1 i “tt ct 1 hiaft Photographer AV C Tolher
Entered as second clas matter at the poAt office in Lafay et e Indiana i ndcr the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the spec I rate of postage provided for in sectior 1193 act of Oc tor '> 1*31 a thorizc3 lanuary 20 1922 Publ slice 01 r csdaj 111 r lay an 3 Sat rday mornings dur ing tlie a a \ pt c rta n vacation i rio 3s Delivered daily by earner f r 12 for bcmestcr ly mail for $160 for s 6 mester SI ritois nay be obtained at the Exponent office or at tl c W t De k C the U loi Ropresei ted for i t n 1 a 1 crtising by National Advertis ing SeiMce I College I bl licra Representatives 420 Madison A\c New York N Y
VftSMTOH
)ilERRY-^‘tI0i
im U S M OH.
War Council Shake-Up . . . Assa le^sult of the Opinions convo a week as^o toda> and as a lesult of an editorial appealing 111 thi^ column two weeks ago today, plans aie being made to reoiganize the Student Wai Council Thi'" Wai Council was originally founded as a means to handle some of the pioblems of student ^acult^ lelations that aiose because of the change in conditions biought about by thcYAai T heie wcie othei leasons also foi the Wai Council It helped ‘-tudents to get behind the wai elf011 m one way oi anothei For exampF the ( oiineil spon-'Oied wai stamp sales and made aiiangemcnts loi ‘students to help alleMatc the manpowci shoitagc by Yvoikmg in the held aiound town duiing free aftei-
noons
The Cl leslions bi ought up at the Opinions con\o leYealed a need foi the Couneil, and aecoidmglii the )ob w is guen to a few of the activ it A heatls This doc no1 mean that I hese activity heads eonipiise the ncAA Wai Council but that they aiP the ones aa ho aviII leoi gam/e it ThcA Avill AAhile oiganizing the new Council tiy to make a 1iuh iepiesentativc gioup That is thej- will tij to bung togethei all soit'^ of students including mihtaiy and civilian, as aacI’as liesbmen sophomoies luniois and senioi'b In the fuLUie the Wai ( ouncil will handle questions of the iiatnie ol those that avcic bl ought up at the Opinions con\o, as well as the otnei matteis A\hich the Council has taken caic ot in the past Iloweiei m^tecid of attempting to hold a Idige con\ oeation as wa -i done last Aveek, it will be expected of each student who has a comment 01 a question about the policy of the UniYeisitjq that he contact the Wai Council by lettei wheieu})on the membeis aviU discuss the mattei m then mteting ansAvei the students que turns if they aie able, and if not, earij the maHei to omt membei ot the UniAeisitj s administiatiA e staff If the comments are tiong enough and enough students seem to want ceitain speei fled changes the Council will draw up a statement and through the Piesident oi the Univeimty and the chair man of the iicaa Council, the statement will be piesented to the executi\e eommiltee By this method the students at least have a means ol getting then point ot \iew, then feehntrs and then desires before the executive committee and i\il] be able to feel sure that then ideas ha\e hhd the consideration of the eommillft hefoi (a definite action Avas taken If the (ds and coeds who were gnen the job 01 01 vanizmg this C ouncil do a good lob, the tudenf will haAc a truly lepiesefitative bodA and tudent AAishes aaiII be piesehted to the admnu tialne body ot the Unueisity If these eds and coeds slip up the Council will be nothin?- moi e than a “flash in the pan”, and fh( 11 it AAih degeiKiate to extinction I he <a ( ouncil is a good theoiy, if it is jilaimd lig'-ht it will work light We hope lo) the b( 1 But Few Were Chosen Some one thousand students were turned awaj liom Vutoiy Varieties Thanksgiving c\ ening because the tickets had been sold out to people who weie not membeis qf the UniYeisity, eithei as staff oi students Btcaiist oi tins piaiiA students who had
• y PREW PEARSON Trifman CommiHee Quizxes Gen. Arnold On Plane Supply; Despil-e High Production Peliyery Slumps WASHINGTON—Aimy Au Chief Geneial “H$ip” Ajnold AVIS called befoie a closed dooi meeting of the Senate Tinman Committee the olhei day to ex plain, among othei things, why moic planes weren’t leaching the fighting fionts Arnold AAhile being cioss examined by the com mittee’s mimbei one aviation expeit, Senatoi Mon Wallgicn of Washington admitted one significant
fact
That the numbei of planes of all desciiptions on our Pacific and Einopean fighting fionts is loWei than most people realize and lower than he desires, despite the fact that aac are producing combat plailes—bomb ers anc} fighters—at the rate Of 8,000 a month For a AAhile, the cross examination of Arnold made the sparks fly ‘ I’m amazed to learn that the British have more combat planes in action that Ave have,” grilled Senator Wallgren, “though Ave are producing mote planes than the British Why is that’” “We’re doing the best we can,” retorted Arnold angiily ‘ You can’t expect us to send planes to com bat areas unless Ave have trained crews to operate them However I can tell you that Ave have many tttore planes on the Avay, anfd ready for shipment, that Avill soon give us a gieat numerical advantage” ‘ That s fine, ’ said Wallgien, “but Avhy has it taken so long’ It seems to ttie that we should have mOEe than the niimbei of plane^ jou mention on the battle fronts Avhen Ave aic pioducmg at the late of 96,000
a yeai ’
Arnold leplied that some planes had been ciacked up oi damaged in training accidents m the United States though trainer crashes were being reduced considerably Also, many planes coming off assembly lines hare to undergo “modification For instance, planes slated foi Alaskan duty have to be ‘ wintci ized Also, It takes longer than most people lealize to deliver planes to combat aieas ' I m not trying to interfere in your business Gen eial said the Washington Senator, ‘but it seems to me that a pitifully small number of planes have beep delivered to the fionts considering our rate of pro duction ’ I don t agree Avith you responded Arnold hotly ‘I think AAcvc done very well under the ciicum
stances
The au chief went on to explain that most Amcii can pilots have a training couise of 500 flying hours, compared to 150 hours for German pilots One reason the Nazis have shortened then pilot tiainmg courses is because they are iunnin„ low on aviation gas re-
serves Arnold said
However he did not entuely convince the commit
tee that the i itio of planes dcliveicd to the fighting Mar wood House Avho has at long fionts could not be considerably inciciscd polishing his jaunr
thie witches’ beat ■
■by the harridads-
After the first “beat” appeared, we took the elevator doww to the Boss’ office for a command appearance The only good thing we can ^ay about it is that it was nice being warm after spending several days m the atmosphere p,bove Lafayette, To be perfectly frank, he told us that we didn’t deserve to^be witches Since it was Sunday, the Boss’ temper ivasn’t tob gpod dpfWay. He said that although it - ——
Notices
was iis,rt of our job to mess up copy that goes into the Exponent, we didn’t have to misspell his name We tried the
old standard Exponent excuse ev6?yTftcrnooxi frp^ 4 to B p m i(fT
that the typesetter must have been
drunk again But the Boss knew Delta“ITDelta m the amed bettei He us a dictionary, a forces stationed on the campus are Invited
to diop ovei at the house or calj SjOZi in
S^eiiei and a copy of Milton S Par- neai future so a ^et toffebher adise Lost” as our month’s pay and pJam'ed —IHANKS
told us that we’d better do some Tritop Anyone interested in hcconjnng a 4’oot cl,-,.,,,,,,!, +1./, member of Tntort Cluh is Invited to attend last haunting through the books „„ meeting Tuesday Nov 30 at 7 16
because his name wasn’t spelled the Women s gym _vogelsang B,e,e,z,l,e,b,u,b As we faded m^ek
ly away he yelled at us to gbt to Se.ttrat fo
■ ' ■ ■ vember Registration may obtgm tkeir checks
by calling at tHB Eegistraf S Offjcc_
“Foi the ilex't scene I want you to create a masterpiece—I want to appearhungiy, footsoie, weary and blue with cold—I’ve an
apopintment to meet with my ration board ”
work Which we did
Hgrndai^’s I^iccups Wfijle va-
porizing around the Sweet Shop the Christian Science Organization Regulpr nthoi- dnv w» ro ovaininad a hnm meeUilg ol the Chustihii Science Organiza oiner day we re examined a hole Tower Room of the
AVe had dug ip the wall Look for Union Tuesday Nov 30 it m the second booth on the north
side We had made it lonir no if Catalyst Club Important meeting Tues side we nad made II lOOK as lI J,(. chemical and MetoJlurgical soniebody had torn out an plpctrical Bnlding Parties and pledges AViJl Jie dis
ping heeguse Ave waijted to tepipt the curious Since on that visit Ave
-STONE
cussed Be Ihei
-GAUNT
AIEE There will be a m eting of all Eleelricnl Engineers that aie interested in
Avere disguised as coeds so that AVe holding an office m AIFL next semester
Thursday Dec 2 in the Reading Room
Tuesday, November 30
7 30 P M Catalyst Club Meeting Room 110 ChE Building
Wednesday, December 1
7 30 P M ASME Meeting Room 108 ME Building
Thursday, December 2
3 sfO P M piack Hills Passion Play , Hall of Music 7 30 P M Black Hills Passion Play Hall of Music
Friday, December 3
7 30 P M Black Hills Passion Play Hall of Music
Saturday, December 4
7 30 P M B ifekctball—Inter Squad Game Fieklhouse
wouldn’t be tranrpled on by the mob in the Shop, Ave got caught by our OAvn trick Noticing a scrap of paper m the hole Ave pulled it out hoping tirat Ave were intercepting a tender messgge But all it sard
-SIVfITH
AGR s Open mtcting: of AGRs tn Ihc CJ mp IS rupsdiiv Nov ^0 in loom 35r f the Union at G p m Tell all AGRs you kno V —WHITp GimUt Pledges and Actives Meet at $ t Ep ho IS at j m Wednesday night
< XT yf r\ X L 5 J Pledges bring fill I xe towoK strf ng was Nosey Our witches’ pride belts paddjcb n d blindfold Elections It^tcr
hurt, Ave put it back knowing that if the Boss found out that some one
-RldHARDSON
Independent Inklings
Gen. Paf-fron Debafe
By Bill Crose , ,, , ,
A A 1,1. r 1 day the Reamers spotted them 25 Amongst the amazing mfo ink •' , ,
ling out of the campus this week ^
lb the SOS from Warren Sites of Kappas Mai wood House Avho has at lone- came through With a smashing vic
toiy—Avithout the aid of the generous handicap—methinks perhaps
Warren is on the hunt for
jalop YYcllAUU !-> Ull cue IIUIIU -lUi , , . .
AA7I II, o 1. n/r 1 Am a redhead and lb preparing to offer ^ °i setting When the Senate Mil.taiy Affaus committee met the seiviceb of the jalop lo the right "P P^"”’
liohind clo&ed doors to consider the Gcheial Patton jjgigon
ilT in Sen vtoi Stylos Bi idgeb oi New H impshnc Anyone 1 nowing of such an am
ui ena or o inson o o or u o both uigcd that the particulars with him , , i. i-. the committee not dodge the issue Mar wood Exponent office
riiev 1111 into some mild opposPion hoAAevei here s good news to you fiic up
fiom Scnatoi Chan Gruiiey of South Dakota Guincv peib ’
Slid It AVIS unusual foi the miseonduet of a geneial johnny Beckman ML chief fuc to leeeive srreh pionmience ,n Avai time and that the ,„an theie announces he has made _ 1 IkT ^ eommittee should not do u.yth.ng which might lefinel extreme advances on a new fuel in FerSOlinel NOtOS
on re in egiitr o t e Army Rut when Chaiiipan jecting system for heating and ven Bob Rcyno ds of Noith Caiolinc uiged unanimous tilatmg the palati^rl estvtes oft the
ippiovil of the Johnson motion to call Sceietary campus
Stinibon Gurney withdrew h.s objection John stalled working on a new P ilLon s name also figuied in i closed dooi meeting control system for the
CIS
lhats about all for now Once more I say—don’t foi get the “col
in the Exponent
for any ncAvs and vicavs of you in
dependent students
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus
Garfield Division of Houdaillc
MaiAvood Hershey Corporation, Dceatui, 111
of the Iloube Militviy Afiuis Committee at which stoker when he was appointed file —Date to be announced Interested
I bill modifying the 28 yen bcivice icquiiement tor man several months ago His work nr ChE, Met E
the promotion of Aimy officers to the r ink of biiga on automatic an and fuel contiols RCA Camden N J December ''"''11!!''"°+/’ "ff TY I. , 1 has resulted in an unbelievably 4—Intelested in E E , M E , physi foes this iffeet Gencial I alton inquired Rep neat’ heating setup riiough the cists PSE Chemists'-{B S MS lebentitive Walter G ( Ham ) Andrews oi New method is classed as secret’by the PhD) ChE ’ ’ York when it AAas biought out that Patton Avho has boys theie perhaps you other fire air-* n i n m i been recommended for promotion to the poimanent men can get John to tell all Not mV Coinpany, Tulsa rank of Majoi Gencial now has the peimanent having a brain I have not been able rV'' ^ (peacetime) lank of a colonel to flguYe it out Vr q pVn a ‘chemists
Andreevs Aias inloimed that Patton vouklnt be Bette. Late Than Nceei r a , r V ,
iftected since he has seived 34 years in the Army Congrats to Dee Pellnei md Pfp ■‘‘•deial rdephone and Radio CmHoAAevei two fisted Representative Ewing Thomason i),ii Burroughs Tljey weie mar ^ Newark N J—Date to
oi iexas 1.used the point that appioval oi the pio i^ed during the between semester motion bl 1 mi^ht still be eonstiued by some as a vacation Dec was a science stu House endorsement oi Patton sbehav.oi dent Aug 43 Bill an advanced think It AAould be bad psychology to adopt a bill mil.taiy student, is back 01. the
of this nature 1 ight liter the Patton stoi \ has bi oken campus
Trade dim eis often pidduce in teiesting sidelights one oi which IS the attiaction between the re spective social ehaiimen of Aiita
else on campus had done Avhat Avas logicaljy our joh, aa e would he fired Even though some one on the campus has started a be kind to shavetails vieek we haven t jointed the movement We managed to fix one of the aforementioned chaiac teis while he was piecaiiously bal anced on his bicycle riding across the campus We whisked two un usual GPs to the scene For Avhen they spied him they waited until he got SIX wheel turns aAvay and snapped into a salute He man aged a Avobbly 1 etui n but foiled our plans by maintaining his balance We hate to report back to the Boss even though we can tell him that Ave knujv hoAv his name should be spelled We’re sensitive Avitches and AA e don’t like to be told that Ave shouldn’t use perjods in our col umn because it has no point And even though Ave knoAv that the Boss claimed fhe “Beat” Avas hmcinous because he likes to use Avords begin ning with “h, ’ we Avere offended Avhep Ave loojked the word up in our neAAly presented dictionary Things like that makp it necessary for us to keep reminding oursehes Beelzc bub IS the Boss & Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Kappa ^i?ma 3G0 Union at
Chapter meeting in room •0 p m Tuobday Nov ^0
—KLNNEDY
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting, m W t Rcccitun room n Union Tuesday No% 30 11 0 lo p m Please be prompt —JONES
Kappa Delta Pi ng Tl urbd y pe( Chestnut Room
Imi ortant busincfas meet ^ at 30 p m in the r RESIDENT
Si^ma Phi Epsilon All members in t) n armed s iviee on the eimpus are iccjutstcJ to con e t th ehj \ t i meeting Tuesday Nov 30 7 30 to 8 30 p m at the house —SLAIER Student Union Board Deie will Ic a meeting of the en r 1 jaid at \ m Tues day Nov 30 J in or board meeting at "" Ij P m —WOOLLING AIEE M tug of 11 Eleetiicil Engineer mg tl d nts th it w ild bo interested in 1 ol 111 g 1 olTicc in AIEI viU b held in th r ding oom it 'I i n Ihiirslny Dec SMITH Riflcrj H c sch d lie I f r practic h ( n fhird vs y make i Ihei last tw i wm ks t night Uuesday Nov -JQ ALEXIN
WAA > e 6
C 1 cil mectin Mu 1 iv at 4 p m WAA oTicc BRACKMAN
Glider Club M ting vill 1 held 11 7 m r i sd y Nov 30 n th( Union —schroedlr
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
ihomason declared
However Representative P nil Kildaj oi Texas AAho hid moved lor a committee vote on the jrjomo tion bill insisted that the legislilion didn t ‘remote
ly vffect Pitton because of his 34 years’ service, g'on.sh and M invood house's' and a majoiilj of Lire committee voted their agrge^ Karl Christman of Luma has
(Copyright 1943 by United Featuie Syndicate Inc )
^ awaken him m the wee horns of
— the d^wii (8 0 clock)
The Luma boys want it known
counted on the show as then sole means of however that even a block buster
be announced Interested m chem ists EE, PSE, ME, physicists ClcA eland Industrial Reseaich, Inc Cleveland Ohio—Thursday, December 2 Interested m B Si,
MS PhD Chemists (organic)
Carnegie Illinois bteel Corp , Chi cago 111 —Date to be announced
Intel ested in all engineers
Zenith Radio Corp Chicago 111 —Date to be announced Interested
in EE
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT pt<SlNNER'S CLASS Opens Wed., Dec. 1,7:30 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec 2, 7:30 P. M. Adult Tap Classes Precede Balfroom Classes CHILDREN'S CLASSES DEC 4th
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
finova; —- X - — Plus —
W Ih DAVID BRUCE
These companies are not sched riled to visit the campus, however, they die iiiteiested m students for
ton Virginia—Inteiested in A E ME C E Sign by December 4
celebrating Thanksgiving weie left out in the '^ould have httle effect on Kails employment
cold deep slumbei Hollej (aibuietor Co Detroit Reactions to this aflTau aie railed some of M.eh - inteiested m ME - Re (hp <i,liiflpntc pci-ippiyIIyy LVi c. 1, 1 -ez Stagnation What this countiy ‘search and Development Sign bj
the students, especially those who were left would be if all the women left Jesse December 4
out, aie lesentiul ol thq fact that people not Boiman announces the formation of National Advisoiy Committee for connected with the University were allowed a new local house club going by the ^eionauties Langley Field Hamp to attend They feel that this was a Univei- Hodge Podge Lodge’ ViiPinni—Tnioiootoa a ir
sity function sponsoied by the Univeisity ^hey 11 sleep it off ‘Hodge
solely for the benefit ol the students 7
r.., £ , , ■, was loimeily known as Home Others feel that inasmuch as there was an House seveial semesteis ago Seven advance sale of tickets and these advance sale students compn&e the house mem
tickets weie much moie available to students '^eiship
than to others, it is just tough luck foi the stu- Khyth Him (From Glenwood)
Glenna Wiley—Sky Anchois
Away
Kay Good—Anehois Away Dottle Ross—My Buddy
Maiy Ann Dusslin — Maune
dents without lorsight to buy then tickets far
enough m advance
Howevei, it is an issue, slight but still worth consideiing Perhaps it would be something - to bring to the War Council which is now in ^y'"" the process of organization, and find out just
which point of new should be maintained as fauiene&s of forth a Unnc isity pqlicj ^^Dntqmcd as , bowling ^ ^ match with the Kappas last Sun
Placjeifieni’ Nptej
For Wortien
Smith College announces 12 fellowships for graduate study Applications must be made before the 1st of March, 1944 These fellow ships are offered in the fields of the arts education zoology, etc Any one jfiteiested may obtain iuither inloipration from Placement Seiv
ice foi Women
Buy War Bonds
MARS TODAY and TOMORROW Attadventuiiesorast it took tlielatliwst Mopte(L^B)lice tothi worl
JUNE VINCENJ ROP CAMERoji
HARRIET HIlUARD
OZfiE NEISON and H s Band
VELOZ & YOJANDA
TODAY and TOMORROW
im
fcrfi 11 P "'Hi
555H5H
■HMnWlumhl MftHiWww^
■HH
i
Amy^
News
rnmmrnm
'^juesday^ November^ 1^4^
Fiihr Service Men, By Sendee Men
tk,. ■ ^A- ^. *»>. ifeij Itfe Ktt ^ 2^
J&hmmSmi
SSTSSTS^?"
Tfr^ytr
IlMiUMipll
r’ , \ Some Changes Made , . . ASVt Ft/m In ^d
AST Patter
P&tthbs For Now
i
By Ff^c. L(^q Fpe|jjij[aiji
If, In stiljl ,9f th^e pa@t ^n,d irj an orgy ,of sppti-P^nt^^ji$y’ui}?-jvnj[Je4 jj) Centp,;^! Ini(|4fla 0n,c.e ,ajt jleasj t)ae jfiq-
:^^]yen C^n.di,?. jtold David sjijie ^sme'jy ,ail, thp ^Sf’P tr^inm hnre shifted oflieinny to tbe gv^nrd nnd lapp.
^;The mannuvnr is in many respects sfijl ipcomp/ete. Npt ail units have yet distributed patches. N,ot all the old patches khve yet ]been removed—as r-rr-; : : :—
^ By T/6 Morris Better | THE W / Campus civilians should be gjven pjgnty of credit for taking a good thing and utilizing it to fullest advanlSage.' Seeing no reason why griping §.0 ^yyflijjjjpg shPnW h? t,9 wiiit^ry pe)cs<jflpel, tjie Ipcpl mpfti?,i^pc9^,dp(?, l^s^ ^yeek, ip eleyatipg thp ?.99siop” onto a p,eTy plppe pjf digpity. opt and rente,d p b|g hall, jpvite,d ^Jepty pf djigpitpries aneji fppUy yppt af. tjjie thing ip big stylp. fbe ,oply thing massing was a brass band and a national hookup^. Wouldst thpt we cppld ppppipjtp tjljp loAyly gripp from jtbe l,Q,ck,er roppi apd t^^ latyipe to a ppsi^ion of r?§pget ip the (^l eomrpppjty.
Two New Badges Issued For Expert Infantrymen
Silver Rifle On Blue Worn Over Left Pocket
To honor infantyypien who have been rated exemplary in combat, or have qualified aa e:^perts in training, the War Department has authorized issue of two proficiency badges. To be worn alcove the l.ef t breast pocket, in the same position as airman’s wings, both badgea will have a miniature silver rifle mounted on a blue field, with silver border, three inches
OF COEDS AND MILK BOTTLES
^ppaking o^ gyi^ie^ pnd gruipjiles, at Camp Cro-^ytJer tj^pre is still an ,
pp4,ercurr.ent of dj^sgt^fpptiop, in bpjth high an,d low plppes, pyer p prjivpte long and one-half inch wide. The combat infantryman’s badge will be similar to the other, but
|fopr)[ hljiajki shirts apd other threp stripps as an ace typist in odd garments. % A^’^'y Corpp, and who had ~ -D r" i.MiT7 1 1 working apathetically for But still the shift has been weeks with the writer, in anticipamade. New patches have been tion of just this situation, on an il^SUed — ohfCially — and fhe ode to be called “You can tear it supply department stand? ready sleeves but you can’s tear ■^nd willing, ,ev,en anxjlous, fo pick i* out of our hearts” paid the occaup the olf ones. And it stands to sion his supreme tribute. He could
ii^i^sop that if so much has been say nothing.
done, some day spon every other But if t^eSe Were apjop/^ the iixost patch bpjt the sword apd lamp wiljl notable expressions, thpre yepe have to go. many, many others. Unkind things >11 9f Vhiph, if ruipprs are t,o be uhout t^e swotd and >ore )b§h.eved, bropght wjth it ^ reign of ®®P®®'nlly ^ the lawp^bnt
W.pe- It is obviously iippossible to
these are probably the result of
gapge its fulji extept—^the soldiefs
passing anger and should be ebar-
^ere are so stole about revealjng forgotten,
fhejir erpofiops—bpt the story runs Lpyalty to Outfits Hard to Forpt that piany a loeal pillow was fleejeed What did come through was the with boyish tears'as the’trainees honest loyajty of the men here to .coptpipplatpd the cuttjng pf the last the outfits they had so reluctantly fi'e they had with the past. been torn from—with, if memory lyo Longer With Old Outfits sorves, the widest grins thjs side
All of them understood, of course, of discharge papers,
that they weren’t attached to the
who wus giypn au epiergenpy fuplough so that he copld visit his .dying, 17;ypar-old dog. Th.epe are, incidentally, a few Jocal gripes which piigbt profit fpoip a little air. jCrjpp No. 1: Altjio npt ta® prpvalppt on t,hjs capipps, thpre is ap ppflaftofing prajcti^p aipongst poyj^s tp show fhair regafd apd ageefiop fpr thfiy swa®th.®arta ip the Arrpy hv WaaffPg slioplder ipgigpia on fheir coats and sport jackets. Soldiers, who attach a certain amount of sentipiept to th.® Wai&Pia Fv®)?’^®90h.t their brppch pf the Artny op thpir parfiy.uiar diyis.ipp, don’t jihe tp se,e theip pat,ch,as wprp likp fraferpity pips. J^hat’s iwpre % Pppsrtpi.ept (daa^h’t Jih® it pith®^ an^j haa regulations to back up its /diafavpr* firipp '^9- 2: Th® roiJh hatti® papa have a way .of making the day ultramiserable. It’s anpoying, pach mornjpg, to keep tearipg away layer after layer of papey, WOndering whep you’ll ptrike milk—apd suddenly you do. Just like oil, it comes up in a gusher, ff sopie engineer will figure out the number of man-hours consumed in this unhappy task and if some psychologist can establish some cprrelation of its effect on morale and personality, it might be a formidable weapon in bringing about some
change.
$1iidjss Of he. m
A WORD TO THE WISE
Gripe No. 3: Altho the football season is over, one of its chief plays is still in use each day at the Union. Around chow time, you can'see the line buck executed any number of times with subtle perfection. On the field, with subtlety east aside, the play is used to open the opponent’s line to let your own man thru. It operates pretty much the same way around chow time. There are a few who, just as a matter of principle, refuse to get into their rightful position in line and exploit all their Dale Car-
Wifi also have a wreath added. Officers and toen of the infantry who attain established proficiency standards or whose action in combat is rated satisfactory are eligible for the proficiency award. The combat infantryman badge is reserved for those whose conduct in combat is exemplary or whose combat action occurs in a major operation. Infantry units will also receive an award. Where 66 per cent of the men and officers of a company, battalion or regiment win the expert infantryman badge, the unit guidon, color or standard will carry a white streamer proclaiming in
blue letters the award. Dlscprd ...
Dismal Note, via the Barksdale Field Bark: No recommendations for promotions of officers or enljstedmen will be accepted till further notice in the Third Air Force. No
^ __ ^ ^ ^ ^ Army P.E. classes have endless variety. jEjierm Phillips takps his group reason is given in the memoranair corps or the t.d.’s or the ground consider too. This all negie personalty and prestige to get in on the proceedings without the on a road march past the housing research then takes roll. Giving his ox-dering the change nor is the
“sucker” wait. Admittedly, it IS every man for himself—but with the number is Pvt. Stachurski, followed in line by Pvts. Schaffeer, Damaske “until further notice” clarified, first come, first sei-ved principle prevailing. The men start to line up (hiding), Smith, Tipton, Noble, Usher, and Stevens. Booby XfSpS
Extensive training to meet the booby trap menace is now an im-
aiA CUAJpa A-Iie L.U. S Ui tins KIUUJIU _ 1 1 . . 1 corps or any other of their old out- Thanksgiving, the
season of the year when a soldier
fits any piore, gnd hadn’t been for
quite a while now, but relinquish- ^ ^ ^ „ ing the'patches still seemed to be ®®tate to which the holiday has fall-
traditionally gripes about the low jjj order to avoid a long wait in line and before long their is a cer-
such a long step.
Esprit de corps—for the old corps —'flai-ed everywhere. KPs in the t^pk destroyers, infaptry medics
en, and gets lyrical about the feed and the segai-s and the beer at his old outfit last yeai-—gosh, that was
an outfit.
So it was a time of mourning and
ppd the whole vast orderly rooip laments and loud regrets. But don’t
ici-pw, whpse traditions " ‘ '
are un-
chapged from branch to branch, from army to army, from geperatiop to generation, upped and
beefed.
“I came here wid a tiger and I want to go back wid a tiger,” a littjp tank destroyer (barracks orderly) in Cary Hall piteously de-
clared.
Tear Off Patches With Sadpess Sgt. “Goo Goo” Gordon, who won
get the boys wrong.
NpHce Service Men in Cary Hall: Several of you neglected to put your room number down when you sub- \ scribed to the Exponent. If you will bring your receipt down to the Circulation Office and correct this error, yon will start receiving your paper.
tain amount of “friendship” which results in virtual disregard for the ing the basis of the judgment. It goal other than company profit. rights and consideration of others in line. As one GI sage put it, “It’s is vei-y easy and effective to lav t i i t /• . . .....
alright for the chiselers to get into line, but when there are chiselers who down a law of judgment when there , ^ , a a ox (m- por an par o rainxng proce, ure. chM on tho chlselero; thafo gome too to.” exist no standids against which it il'iS,"® 'f”"":- I” f"'”" and posters, T. . ■. • • a, • , j j ■ . , , . • , 1 . , -, , collar and professional workers— such new wrinkles have been devel-
If your favorite gripe is not included in today’s airing, it is by chance can be checked. u .x u j j j j a. u -uTJ..1 j u Mij. jj. T, .Ai .1. everybody who depends on earnings oped as the demonstration building
and not by design. Let us know what it IS and maybe we’ll get around to Judgments of value must relate „„ a-• u .i n Z na. id a.- j -u a ■ a-u t
m from work, as distinguished from at Ft. Eustis, described ip that
It next time. to specific aims and needs. Super- j-, •. j at ... ■ a?
. „ dividends from possessions, for a
ODDS -N. ENDS iirihZnUit;:\:“ si”’”* The fact that the eagle works overtime today brings to mind that ther^ a tangible purposeful mode of "
are only 25 days till Xmas and still lots of shopping to do. The shopping thought. The concept of value is a Both, then, are similarly moti-
problem for AST men at Brooklyn Polytedhnic who’s budgeted time prig^- man-made convenience used by him vated, and for that very reason are vents them from doing their own, has been solved by the faculty wives as a short cut in thinking. It en- diametrically opposed. Managewho’ve organized a shopping Service for them. . . . The management of ables him to state briefly the degree must seek to give its emthe\ Union at Michigan State has eased the shopping problem for GIs on to which some person, thing or -be- ployees as little as it can without
camp’s Sky Watch.
Practically everything in the building is set to go off on use. Booby traps have been installed in desks, lamps, chair legs, tables, pens on writing desks and in countless other points. Object, of course, is to acquaint soldiers with the per-
riV,- -IJ A- V'.-'V vVf/ H-r
TAKE YOUR DATE
TO DINNER At THE
CHESTNUT ROOM
DELICIOUS FOOD AT moderate prices
AFTER DINNER RELAX IN ONE OF THE MANY comfortable lounges IN THE UNION
-<>-
JJw fiWtdusL WsiMsfuixL lAniofL
their campus by establishing d simulated PX for their exejusive use.
One man we’d rather see right than president is Senator Downey who with which it is related, thinks the war with Germany will be over in a couple of months. . . . That jg ^hy before we can evalA B-1 in G-2: limited intelligence If you turn those odd pennies into ^ate any race,' person, way of life, Xmas seals, you’ll be fighting another scourge—tuberculosis. occupational pursuit, we must ask] ■—“better for what?”
And in determining whether labor or management is right in a
^ ® A /.rvAnriaTiir’c. T,ir.v,Q-,r tv,q1- of thc planted explosivB, which
lief satisfies a specific aim or need mjuiing the company s money-mak-
ing power by injurying employee morale. Labor, on the other hand, must strive for as high a remuneration for its services as it can in-
The Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
by right?
Thdi-e have been too many judg-
ments rendered without conscious dispute, we must ask, “right accord-
American casualties overseas.
Special . . .
“Pony editions” of nine maga-
duce or compel management to give distribu-
tion overseas, the San Diego Hoist
Both are operating under the reports. With certain exceptions, rules of the game over which they they contain the same editorial mat-
Who's Right?
allusion to a standard of evalua- ing to what standard?” There can have no control. When a labor dis- ter as editions distributed within tion. There can be no good and be no right or wrong in the absence pute arises, neither side is at fault; the United States. All advertising no bad in the absence of some meas- of a criterion of correctness. ' nor is either one right. Each is do- matter fs eliminated, however, and
One of our profs asked us to es- uring rod that determines which is Generally those whp succumb to ing what is natural for him under the resulting reduced content makes
timate the percentage of times la- which. Too many people are anx- the urge to judge without first anal- the relationship of conflict that pre bor is right in employee-manage- ious to condemn or praise categor- yzing imply that the side which vails between them.
ment disputes.
What does he mean ically without analyzing or discuss- they favor is less selfish,
group-minded than the other,
THE SERVICE-
um fvms YOU CAN’T LOSE!
more This
cannot be true, for the very nature of the employer-employee relationship compels both sides to consider themselves first and always. Even
the most considerate employer and judgment of
the most self-abnepting employee
are prevented by the logic of their
., , , . degree to which it succeeds in sat-
positions to be guided by any prin- acquisitive drives. Be-
ciple other than self-acquisition
That’s the Icind you carry when yoq change your cash into AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES. Travel funds that you can spend everywhere and are refunded promptly if lost or stolen. Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 75>ifor each $100. Minimum cost of 40^ for $10 to $30. For sale at banks and Railway Express Offices.
AMERICAN EXPRFSC TRAVELERS CHEQUES
Management has only one function: to earn a profit for the company. Everything it does must be directed
towards that end. sive management
cently proved in his dealings with the CIO in the Brewster plant) will realize that they can often earn
possible a much more compact format. Included on the list are Time, Newsweek, Life, Readers’ Digest, Sporting News, The New Yorker, The Infantry Journal, Modem Screen and Inside Detective Stories.
Swiimming ...
The importance of learning to swim—if only for short distances, is graphically demonstrated by a story in the Norfolk Seabag describing the experience of the crew of a
fore we can honestly render judg- torpedoed tanker.
Any attempt to evaluate the conduct of either management or labor must take into account the present lilies of the game. Since each group today is compelled, whether it wants to or not, to pursue self-in-
ments based on wider criteria like national and social welfare, it is necessary that the relationship be-
lue, pi ogles- employees and management
(as Kaiser re
be so altered as to elicit from the fqrmer the drive to help the entire social unit of which he is a part rather than himself alone. And, at
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
a larger profit by treating labor fairly. But iji no event can man-
agempnt perfgrip fts duties if its tg^^rds total social naactivities are directed towards any patriotic welfare rather
than
■W
a
The nay’s the Thing
99
PURDUE PLAYSHOP
presents 1943-44 SEASON
FOUR BROADWAY HITS
★ Pursuit of Happiness ★ Philadelphia Story ★ My Sister Eileeii ★ Blithe Spirit
Season Coupon Books on Sale at Fowler Hall All four shows for $1.50
towards
and dividends.
company earnings
WBAA Schedule
When their ship was struck at sunrise by a Jap submarine in the south Pacific and sent to the bottom in a flaming sea of gasoline and oil, pontoon rafts fell barely 50 feet away. Seventeen men who managed to swim under water, and came up for air only by splashing and fanning thd^ flames away—as per instruction—easily made the raft. The other 38 men aboard didn’t. Lecture Course . . . American soldiers in Great Britain are now being given a lecture course on the purposes and prob-
Tuesday Wednesday
lems of the war, the Orlando AAf-
10 30 10 46 11 00 11.3011 so-
il
12 00-12-30 12:66-1-00-
i 15-
1 30-
1 46-
1 552 00-2-15 2 30
3 308 654 .00-
30
4 55-
6 00-
6 165 30
b 000 01b :56-
Newb—News Smile Time—Smile Time -Moining Matinee—Morning Matinee -Music Purdue News—Puidue News -News—News -Faim Forum—Faim Fpriira -Meet the Band—Meet the Band News—News -Homemakers Club—Homemakers Club -Music—Music -Parents’ Forum—Parents’ Forum Mai kets—Markets News— News -Story a Day—Stoiy a Day -Music —Treasury Star Parade -Tieasuie Chest—Music -News—News -Afternoon Melodies—^Lee and Her Piano -Voice of the Undeiground—Lest We Forget -Musical Varieties—Muaical Varieties -News—News Ten Time Tunes—Tea Timi* Tunes -.lust Relax—Just Relax -News—News - Little Miss Muftett—Little Miss MulTett Music— “This Is Indiana’’ -Vespeis —Vespers -Music—Spoijs Review —Prayer Minute—Player Minute -Dinnei Hour—Dinner Hour —News News —Chinese tSones—Chinese Stones - South Ameuean Way Plans for Peace -Musii- Rulli Ralston, singer —Music - News—News Avaid Mitchell, pianist—The Book-
stonian reports. The lectu;;es are part of a njew educational program ordered by Lt. Gen. Jacob L. Devers, commanding general for the European theater of operations, to help instill in Yank soldiers there “confidmee in the command, pride in the service and a sense of personal participation, and knowledge of the causes and progress of the war,” the paper notes. Specimen topics include “War and the Supply Lines,” “The War in the Pacific,” “Lease Lend and How It Works,” and “Relief and Rehabilitation in Occupied Terx'itories.”
8 55—News—News 9 00 -Musicana—Musicana 9’30—‘‘The Road to Fear"—AnythiQK But Swing 9 •55—News—News XU .00—OFF THE AIR-OFF THE AIB
man
8:30 8:45-
Parade of Business—Ed Memmer,
pianist
-From the Press Box—Music -Music—Eventide Echoes
Buy War Boniis And Stamps ‘
I
''
I( '
k ■]
im ■
r' S"
'i's^vnSJST ^wir57j;"'SMi)»M;'p!;M u U Ml 1 f f, ,S t f
iJ 4 -1 t
BaifetMaker Sjiorts
\
Tuesday^ November 30, 1943
Fifty-Two Gridmen Receive Awards At Banquet
Transferred Service Men To Get Major Letter Awards For Play Forty-three maior letters and nine minoi lettexs were awarded at the annual Kiwanis Club banquet last night to menibeis of the Boilei maker’s Big Ten co-championship football squad which wound up the season as the country’s lone undefeated and untied maior collegiate com-
bination, establishing a strong claim to national honors
Affixing a special gold “P” link to the ever increasing chain on the Old Oaken Bucket provided one of the highlights of ——————
Grandstand Echoes I Cagemen To Perform
Saturday At 7:30 P. M»
By Russ Lipes
the gala evening in which glowing tributes were paid to the fighting qualities of a squad that swept thiough a nine game schedule The gold link duplicates the special “P’ that was added to the Old Oaken Bucket chain at the close of the Riveteis’ last undefeated and untied season back in 1929 A1 Wjnkoop of Lebanon foimei spoits editoi who is now public lela tions diiectoi foi the U S Machine Coipoiation acted as mastei of cei emonies foi a fast moving piogiara that included shoit talks by Guy Mackey athletic diiectoi Elmei Buinham head coach and Cecil Is bell Joe Dienhait and Sam Voinoff,
assistants
\wards to SerMce Men Twelve of the 43 majoi letteis weie aw aided in absentia to V 12 memebis of the squad who weie transfeiied foi advanced tiaining
First the recapture of the Old Oaken Bucket, as well as a share of the Western Conference title, and now the mythical national championship. Such has been the role of the Boilermaker football squad in the last week For the first time in the history of Boilermaker football, has such a thiqg
occurred
We broke the news to you last week about the solid gold “P” which was to be added to the chain on the bucket, but now we have an idea of our own We have discussed the idea with several school authorities, and have received their approval j Here it is In honor of this banner gridiron season, let’s add a diamond setting, or settings, to the new gold “P” to commemorate the national crown Let the money for such an undertaking be contributed by the student body Pop Doan has already promised to give whatever he has left over from the purchase of the new gold “P” to this cause, and the Gimlet Club has offered to assist us in this undertaking The plan is already under way, and With everybody’s help, a memorial to the greatest team in Boilermaker football history will be established How about it?
Piggy Lambert’s cage men will give a demonstration of their wares this coming Saturday night in the Fieldhouse, when they get together for the Reamer-sponsored mtrasquad game. The game will start at 7:30, so that those who have dates can come and see what this year’s varsity squad looks like Tickets can be purchased at the door for a ' ' ' twenty-five cent token. letic events on the campus
According to Coach Lam-
Here is more good news We talked to Elmer Burnham at the football banquet last night, and he said that as soon as arrangements can be
made pictures of the Indiana game will be shown to the student body moting mtiamuial and ot)iei ath
This should be some time in the next few days
Four Varsity Men Return
, , , , „ , , , One of the stais of the game will bert the squad will be split m- j^ck Swantz, who has played on to two teams of equal calibre the vaisity foi the last two years and then the war will be and leaves school m the lattei part waged This yeai, due to the lack of Decembei Two other alumni of of a freshman team, the intiasquad l^st year’s team who saw considgame will be substituted for the eiable action and will play Saturfiosh vaisity contest The money day night aie DuiflFy Fi lend and Jack of this affair will go towaid pio- Kennedy Also Eddie Timm from
Final Big Nine Statistics CONFERENCE STANDINGS
(Final)
Front row left to right Lemkuhl, Hersch, Barnegen, Bauman, Bus-
cemi, Dimantheff, Moidoh, Dubicki and Milla
Second rov Cj cenas, Parker Geiker, Hiblei Gems, Butkovich, Agase,
following the conclusion of the fiist ^
seven games In addition to Tony Tj^.^drow DeFillipo,^ Vacant! McMillen, Dai r Hoffman, Ellis, Haag,
Morion Elliott, Bushnell and Butsch
Back ron Kasap Laughter, Flint Butt Staak S Schultz Poiemba, I askin, Lockwood and Nenell j ^
Butkovich of St David 111 bill liant fullback vho set a new Big Ten scoiing lecoid of 78 points the in absentia letteis neie awaided to Alex Agase Evanston 111 , Jim my Daii Chillicothe Mo John Gems Chicago Blaine Hiblei Kan sas Citv Mo , Tom Hughes St Louis Mo Gilbeit Moidoh Indi anapolis Leo Milla St Louis Mo William Newell Staffoid Kas Wil ham O’Keefe Giand Folks S D John Staak Davenpoit la and
William Stuait Hammond The lemaindei of the lettei
awaids announced bv Coach Bum
ham were as follows
Majois—Dick Baiwegen Chica go, Flank Bauman Haivey 111 Joe Buscenii Rockfoid 111 Rich
W
L
T
Pet
Rks
Rank
Michigan
6
0
0
1000
1
1
Puidue
6
0
0
1 000
3
4
Noithwestein
5
1
0
833
2
3
Indiana
2
s
1
100
5
2
Minnesota
2
s
0
400
4
G
Illinois
2
4
0
333
6
8
Ohio State
1
4
0
200
7
9
Wisconsin
1
6
0
143
9
7
Iowa
0
4
1
000
8
5
All Campus Wrestling Tournament To Start;
To Newcomers
Open
last yeai’s squad will see action Two other letuimng Boilei makers, who saw plenty of action in the fi ashman tournament last yeai are Chailie Haag and Bill Lodge Some of the outstanding stais fiom othei schools will be in the first intiasquad tilt Among them aie Sam Vacanti of football fame and who played against the Riveters heie last yeai,Hoffman, who stalled foi Shurtleff of Illinois last yeai and also played on the vic-
PJans are being foimulated foi an all campus wiestling touina
ment The contest will be open to toiioiis giidiion team, Fraziei, who
all students on the campus No
-Total net yaids pei game -Opp +otal net yards per game
Reetk's Wrestlers Practice On Basics; Await Tournament
Basketbal! Schedule
Dec 11-
Dec 15Dec 18Dec 23Deo 28-
■Ndval Pie Flight of Gieencastle heie DeP uiw here at Gieat Lakes at Notre Dame at Gieencastle Naval
Pie Flight
Coach Claude Reed has his work 3 Dame heie cut out for him in trying to get j 8—Indiana here some 90 men without previous wies j 14 Minnesota here tlmg experience ready for the all 15—Minnesota here campus toiunament Because of 21 Michi an here
this fact Reeck has dulled only m 22—Michigan here *
the fund imentals for the past week 29—DePaul at Chicago
aid Bushnell West Lafayette Jack wiestlei s help him pgb 4—at Ohio State
After some delav Coach Reeck reb 5—at Ohio State * has set i semi definite date for the j Wabash here ill campus tussle He will tiv to peb 14—Great Lakes here get his bovs leidy m time to start jg at Iowa lunnmg off the contest some time pgjj jg ^t Wisconsin
next weel Ihis touiniment will be free to all students and service men and both are encouraged to
attend
The story does not end here how ever for as soon is this meet is cfvei Reed will have to begin to dull the squad foi the coming meet
INDIVIDUAL LEADERS (Based on Conference Games Only) SCORING PAT
Att
2 7
date has been set for the touina ment but Claude Reeck Boiler male ei wrestling coach, expects it to take place within the next few
weeks
Along with the announcement of
played foi Southwestern of Kansas, Wally of Central of Kansas, Chaicolla of Illinois, Oppen of Cincinnati and Elliot of Bloomington, 111 Other members of the team who will probably see action are McPheison, Horn, Unberzhant, Mc-
the tournament Reeck said that the Alexander, Soker, Schienk,
G
Butkovich Purdue 4 Graham Northwestern 6 Hiisch Mich 6 Daley Mich 3 McGovein Illinois 6 Greenwood, Illinois 6 Williams Mmn 5 Avciy Mmn 5 (Six tied with 24 points each)
TD
13
S 7 C 5 5 5 5
PAT 0 7 2 3 4 2 0 0
FG 0 9 0 0 0 0 0 0
Tot 78 56 44 39 34 32 30 30
wrestling team is open to all new comeis No previous expeiience is needed to tiy out for the squad, and full scale practice 111 preparation for the schedule which is being ai ranged will begin Monday
r 4 A4 vs 00—Cl V 0—Cl vs 8 10 C4 Vb
6 15
L5 Vs -CC vs
RUSHING
8 10—D1 vs B-
Butt Decatur 111 Joe Collmgs West Lafayette Lou DeFihppo New Haven Conn Boris Diman chefT, Indianapolis Stanley Du bicki South Bend Chalmers Elliott Blobmington 111 Wells Ellis Washington 111 Aithiii Flint Highland Park 111 Edward Gei kei Normandy Mo , Charles Haag Evansville Joseph Hersch Beth lehem, Pa Herbert Hoffman Mish awaka Moms Kaastad Minot N D , Mike Kasap Oglesby 111 N rth
Feb 25Feb 26Mai 1-
-rt Chicago
-Northw ester n
-rt Indiana
here
an Laskin Roungstown 0 Donald DePauw This contest will be
Lehmkuhl Cedar Rapids la James McMiller, South Bend George Mr hal, Gary, Joseph Morrow, Carthage Mo Pat O’Brien Chicago, Keith Parker Gillespie 111 Rob eit Plevo Chicago, Walter Poiem ba Cleveland 0 Lewis Rose Ho bait Bernard Tetek Gary, Sam
run on or about Decembei 18 The success or failure of the Boileimak eis 111 this meet will 111 all pioba bilitv depend on what little expeii enced men they have plus the xvies tiers 14 110 show themselves well m
the coming tournament
In spite ot the size of the recent
Classified
Ads
Money to Loan—On d amon I wat hes p:u I up: J-c typcwi tcis Albeits Loan
Oiricc 40 Coh min
Typewriters—A Id n^ machines ill miles 1 1 rent d roi iicl an ! p icha ed M moo Kiaph woik 1 nc CP LbersholT 605 Mam
i liayette 1 hone 2 9
Lost—Lol I OR Dui lex Dccitrit, Slide R ile
Net
Ave
Ave
G
TC
Gam
Loss
Gam
Game
Tiy
Daley, Mich
3
70
502
167 o
7 1
Butkovich Puidue
4
95
6o7
11
626
156 5
65
Biay Illinois
6
80
694
24
570
95 0
7 1
Wiese, Mich
4
66
315
2
313
78 3
47
Dimancheff Puidue
G
89
469
15
454
75 6
51
Sensanbaughei 0 S
5
87
391
23
368
73 6
40
Parks 0 S
5
99
346
32
314
62 8
O 1
Monciief Mmn
5
55
320
7
013
62 6
66
McGovern Illinois
6
71
393
45
318
58 0
1 9
Voditk Noithwestein
4
29
234
3
231
57 7
79
Husch Mich
4
51
217
54 2
43
Nussabaumei Mich
5
43
279
11
268
53 6
62
PASSING
G
Att
Comp
Intc
Gam
A VC
Pet
Hoeinschemeyei Ind
6
97
44
10
599
99 8
453
Giaham Noithwestein
G
51
26
523
87 0
609
Stephens Iowa
4
28
8
2
240
60
286
Vacanti Puidue
G
63
20
7
250
41 6
317
-D'> vs r -Bi V G F8 Vb C B4 Vb I .
Dimancheff, Cline, Cieighbaum, Raymond, Gustafson and Schmidt
Team Split m Two
At the present the varsity is working out in two units, one oil the basketball court in the Fieldhouse and the other on the mam gym floor Joe Dienhart is handling the upstairs group, while Piggy IS taking care of the othei Every night the men aie working out to prepare for their initial tilt against the Gieencastle Naval An Corps team which will be one of the tougher teams of the year since they aie made up of stais from all
ovei the countiy
Phi
6 lo G4 vs ( b 00 A1 Vb B1 5 —D4 Vb f 8 10—Db Vb D4 rRAlERNITY BAShLTBAI L Tuesday t'ev 30 Court 1 20 Lan bda Pi Vb 11 a Xi 35 Alphi Sitma Phi v Phi Ka| i 8 30—Delta fau Delta v Pa i Pi Ph 8 45 Delta Up iloub v Ii K ipj i I In Cou t 2 30 Si„ma Alpha Mu vs Chi Ali h i 3'" Tnantle vs Beta Theta Pi 8 30— Sipma Chi Vb 1 1 i Phi 8 lo—Ta Bpbilon Phi \ Phi Sitn a Theta C lit o 20 Kapi a S prm i v Ae e a 3'" Ta 1 S Km 1 V B ti S(,mi I
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
Complete figmes not available
still feelb that raoie seivice men ~
I « 1 I 1 4. 1 I J. L( st—C I v’cd olcm PIC ir Brow int and civihcns could tale advantage Koom i n ki ltII -oio Ridaii Smith
of the oppoitunities to become bet lei equipp’d physically that can be found 111 the ait ol wiestling The squad is still piacticing eveiy night in the wiestling loom at the Field
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Vacanti Omaha Neb , Joe Winklei, response to the callout Coach Reetk Reward Call v34b Jack Mill i
Hammond
Minois—Fied Halpin Crosby N D James Laughter Dayton 0 , James Lockwood Hinsdale 111 William Lodge Madison Leonaid Milauskas Amsteidam, N Y , Gerald Mullen Bloomington 111 Don
aid Schienk Columbus Rr-ymond bouse Schultz Chicago R W Butsch
student managei Evansville B Team A.w rids—R Bvid Lou isville Kj , F R Cai pcntci Chi cago J B Dowell McKimev lex , C Fox Peoiia 111 M Fox Chi cago G L Fiisch Guv J F Gi annini East Chic igo M J Hein/ Indianapolis \\ all ice Hen In fhi cago P Huntington Oal Paik 111 ,
IM Schedules WARD BASKEFBAI L Practice Game—Tuesday Nov 30
Coui t 4—
20 Hot Shots vs Win ck Mane i 3 Circle Pines vs Owen Hquse 8 10 Purdue Only vs I uma House S 1 —D verettb v Redmond 111 1 a tenlitive 1 at of teams sehetlultd r r the Ward playrITs It there are any oth r aio ) who aie t usted in i articipat ni, n
rKanued basketball they should appoint a manager and file an entry blank with the ntramural Office The hist sched iled Kame will be played on Thursday niRht Decern her 2nd Remember that independent teamn lie not rone 1 this semester and anyone in tere tel in forming team mav do so as lonK a n ic of the players ire not playing n II y other team scheduled throufch the
Intramural Office
ARMY BASKETBALL
Wednesday Dec 1
H
C Kiauch Indianapolis J Lew IS Floia 111 C W Lmdei Cm cinnati 0 0 J Meye Louisville Ixj R Nf lethans Wilmette 111 B Poitci Hinsd lie 111 A L Schwu/br h Chicigo Clinton Sow u Is Lluffton Nichol Stesh lo Lijonic N I P J Stoltnian Cliicigo Paul Ubti Olein N Y
SACK THE ATTACK WITH WAR BONDS/
We are the Official Representative n BOOK-OF-THE-MPTU CLUB
\ Latest fiction at considerable savings in price through the "club” purchasing plan. NO COST TO ENROLL Let us explain how simply the plan works . . . to save you money on books you would probably buy anyway at regular price. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Aoioss from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
fl
new color in nail enamel and lipstick to light uD yaur slim “Finger Silhouette" fashions To play up the drama of sleek, simple clothes —to make fingertips and lips dangaroiisly beautiful Newest fashion accessory color by Revlon — in lustrous lasting nail enamel with that imperishable beauty of rare porcelain
enamel and in matching lipstick
Revlon Nail Enamel 60tf Revlon Lipstick $1.00
Toiletries
Street Floor