L/
Purdue
Exponent
Volume 4, No. 4
Tuesday. lune 25. 1940
Hold First Sondest Tomorrow In Musio Hall
Tickets For Barbecue^ Fish Fry Go On Sale Today At 4
Tickets for the barbecue and fish fry, to be held this Friday afternoon and evening in Russell’s woods, just northwest of Ross-Ade stadium, will go on sale at the Union west desk this afternoon at four o’clock, it was announced yesterday by Paul Hammon, student chairman, of ticket sales. Tickets will be placed on sale at the University Book Store, Southworth’s, Deac’s, the fieldhouse, WRH, and rtiain office of the education building Wednesday morning. The tickets are priced at fifty cents per person and sales will be restricted to 500. The barbecue, the first sponsor- ^
ed by the summer session recreation committee, supplants the former summer session picnic. Carvers Named Ruth Wattleworth, chairman of the service committee, announced the names of faculty carvers. Due to his position as director of the Student Health Service Dr. S. J. “Doc” Miller will serve as head carver. Miller will be assisted by
348 Vocational Ag Teachers Meet For Annual Convention
There will be no regular Friday mixer in the Union building, following the barbecue and fish fry, it was announced yesterday by Union officials.
the following faculty members: V. C. Freeman, F. B. Knight, 0. F. Hall, H. G. DeKay, C. L. Lowell, H. E. Enders, W. E. Howland, J. W. Geiger, E. T. McBee, and P. R. Eastwood. The barbecue will be supervised by Roscoe Fraiser, of the agriculture experiment station, who has supervised such gatherings. Afternoon Activities The afternoon activities will begin at four o’clock with a recreational program, supervised by Miss Hilda Schwehn, of the physical education department for women, and M. L. “Chief” Clevett, of the men’s PE department, assisted by Carolyn Kiesling and Bill Huls, both of the student summer session social committee. Construction of the barbecue pit will begin tomorrow, and the"^ctual barbecuing will begin the following day. The negro chef, in charge of the barbecuing, and his assistants will spend the following 24 hours preparing the meats.
Teachers of vocational agriculture in the state, 348 strong, returned to “school” here at the University yesterday as the 26th annual convention opened with a business session and a meeting of the Board of Control and Executive Committee. Latest information on technical agriculture and trends in teaching will be considered throughout the five-day session which comes to a close on Friday morning. The convention was officially opneed yesterday afternoon by Bruce F. Hardy, of Scottsburg, president, with a short business session that included the announcement of committee assignments. Later in the afternoon, the vocational agriculture teachers joined with attendnats at the 12th annual rural leadership school at a forum on “The Rural Church” led by Dr. A. H. Rapking, representing the Board of Home Missions of the Methodist Church, Philadelphia. In Full Swing Today The convention week will be in full swing today, with laboi-atory instruction starting in the morning in livestock judging, insects, grain grading, dairy cattle judging, farm forestry, agidcultural conservation, and other phases of vocational agriculture work.
Dairy Men Convene Here
Register From U. S., Canada, And Hawaii
Dairy scientists and educators from throughout America and Canada and also from Ha•waii arrived on the campus yesterday for the 35th annuala meeting of the American Dairy Science Association yrhich gets underway this ^morning. A special session for the training of collegiate judging team coaches opened the program for the coaches from about 35 states, with R. E. Roberts and K. C. Boxell of the University dairy staff in charge. The cheese judging was conducted by L. C. Thomson fo the University of Wisconsin and the work in ice cream judging by P. H. Tracy of the University of Illinois and A. C. Dahlberg of Geneva, N. Y. G. M. Trout of Michigan State was chairman of the committee. For other early arrivals a tour of the dairy farm and discussion of the experimental work being conducted there was held with Prof. J. H. Hilton in charge. Prof. B. E. Horrall of the University is chairman of the program committee in, charge of the sessions. Prof. Howard W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, and Mrs. Gregory entertained visiting officials of the association at dinner last night following which was
scheduled a family party for the visiting educators and their families. The entire group is being quartered in Cary Halls South and the Union Club. Officers The association sessions will continue through Thursday with attentino foscussed on both production and manufacturing problems of the dairy industry. Nearly every state will ^e represented in the enrollment. Officers of the Association are Dr. E. S. Gdthrie, Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y., president; Dr. Harry Cave, Oklahoma A. & M. College, Stillwater, Okla., vicepresident;- Prof. R. B. Stoltz, Ohio State University,. Columbus, 0., vice-president.
'Rural Relations" Named
Theme Of Farm Bureau Day
J 5-Member Xylophone Band
Stewart To Direct Audience In Singing
Well Known Songs
Program Will Feature
Xylophone Band
. . . which will appear at the songfest in the Music Hall tomrorow night. Jack Kurkowski and his xylophone band are now on a tour which will take them through seven states. The band also features an accordianist.
Pill Rollers Accept Bowling Match
Challenge, Miller Stands On Reputation
Regarding the Exponent’s challenge of Doc Miller’s highly touted (that is by Doc Miller) Pill Rollers, a report received from the Health Service yesterday, stated that the good Doctor accepted the challenge without reservation, and said that the Pill Rollers had outbowled many a good team, but that this would be the first time they had ever beaten the Exponent. “The Pill Rollers stand on their
reputation,” Doc said. “We beat lots of good teams last semester, and we’re still in fine shape. This match with the Exponent will just make a good warm-up for the tough teams we have scheduled later in the sum-
Quack, Quack When asked what he thought about Doc Miller’s team, Jim McKee, captain of the Exponent squad, could only say, “Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack.
Calling all bowlers. A few positions still remain open on the stellar Exponent squad which will administer a sound beating to the Miller'^ Pill Rollers in the very near future. Anyone interested in a chance to drop a bowling ball on the good doctor, and possibly bowl a few games with the Exponent team get in contact with Jim McKee or Dan Heiple, immediately.
v.rhile anyone is bowling, but was overruled. In addition “Doc” asked that he be allowed to pick the scorekeeper. Rules Rules added to the list since the last issue of the paper state that Doc be prohibited from peddling any of his patent medicine remedies to the crowd, or drumming up trade in any manner. Fifth column activities were started by the Pill Rollers last night, when their highly touted captain and trainer attempted to post mump signs on houses of the Ex^ ponent team. Counter espionage work foiled this plan however. Exponent Score: Games Lost, 0. Games Won, 0. Games Played, 0.
Mrs. Raymond Sayre
quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack. We also stand on our record of^po defeats.”* McKee will bowl against “Doc” Miller personally in the fortlicoming match. Miller protested the ruling which keeps him from talking
IMHOFF CALLS FOR SOFTBALL ENTRANTS Entrance into the first summer session softball league is open to all fraternities and organized groups, the University intramural department announced yesterday. Interested organizations are asked to form teams and get in touch with Larry Imhoff at the intramural office, and are warned that play will begin on Tuesday, July 2. Medals will be given to members of the winning teams, Imhoff said.
Providing- one of the highlights of the summer session entertainment program, the first songfest of the season will be held in the new Hall of Music tomorrow night at 8 o’clock under the direction of A. P. Stewart, director of campus musical organizations. In previous years the songfests have been held in Ross-Ade stadium, but use of the Hall of Music removes the uncertain factor of inclement weather conditions. The songfest is open to the general public in addition to the faculty .and student body. Reserved Seats A block of 600 seats has been reserved for the Dairy Convention attendants, and another for the housemothers, and any other organizations which wish to reserve seats for their members may do so by calling Miss Mann in the Music Offices of the Hall of Music. Following the policy established in previous years, the audience will join in the singing of old favorites lead by A1 Stewart for the greater share of thq program. Xylophone Band Supplementing the group singing, the program will feature as guest artists Jack Kimkowski’s noted xylophone band of Richmond, which is now on a midwestem tour that calls for appearances in seven states. Kurkowski’s combination of 16 members composes a brilliant xylophone ensemble displa5dng the versatility of the instrument at its best. The band also features an outstanding accordionist. ^ Following the program scheduled for tomorrow night, the second songfest of the summer session program will be held on Wednesday night, July 17.
Thurman Rice To Address
Sports Clinic Tomorrow
... of Ackroht, Iowa, president of the American Country Life Association and midwest director of the Asscoiated Women of the American Farm fiureau Federation, will be one of the speakers on the “Farm Bureau Program” today,’part of the Rural Leadership School now in session. Mrs. Sayre will speak this afternoon at 2:30 and again at 6:30 this evening.
Dr. Thurman B. Rice, chief of the State department of health and physical education, will be the principal speaker at the meeting of the Sports Clinic of the Division of Physical Education tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the east faculty lounge. Rice will discuss the “Use of Stimulants in Athletics.” Mai Elward, head football coach, will discuss the forward pass offense in modern football. All graduate and undergraduate physical ed students are urged to attend.
Lafayette's Streets Have "Faces Lifted
//
By Jim Purcell
“Rural Relations” will provide the theme for Farm Bureau Day, which will be obseiwed today at the University in connection with the 12th annual Rural Leadership School, which has been in progress since Monday of last week and will continue through Friday. Principal speakers will include: Hassil E. Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau; W. K. Delaplane, Wabash, president of the Indiana Association of County Agriculutral Agents; Rev. Harry Rowe, (Continued on page 3)
Lafayette’s streets had their “faces lifted,” and townspeople and University engineers had a chance to see an amazing piece of machinery in action during Thursday, Friday and Saturday of last week whgjn the major part of the city^s now obsolete street-car tracks were being filled in. A “finisher” from the BarberGreene company of Aui^ora, 111., manufacturers of road - building equipment, crawled steadily (at the rate of about 30 feet each minute) up the middle of the street, leaving behind it a completed and smooth section of “black top,” and a possible three-lane street.
Started On Owen Wor^, under the direction of the Fauber Engineering company of Lafayette, started on Owen street at Fourth street, continued up Owen ’til Ninth street, branched up Ninth past Main, finally jagged off at
Salem* street to round the coimer to Tenth street, then off Tenth to Hartford, to Thirteenth, to Greenbush, and then up Eighteenth street to Monon avenue, which filled in all of the car trcaks in that part of the city. This “finisher” is the latest type of paving equipment. It moves under its own power on caterpillar treads and pushes the materialcarrying trucks in front as they unload. Mix Distributed The asphalt mix is passed into the interior of the machine, where a revolvi'hg screw'' distributes the ipix on the pavement base. A leveling temper-bar mounted on eccentrics presses the material in two directions while forming the sdrface. This unit is followed by a screen which further compresses the mat and levels the surface independent of the irregularities of the base.
This screen may be heated to any desired temperature by means of a
hot-air blower.
The finished smface is perfectly smooth and little or no additional cpmpaction is obtained by the use of a roller, Service Engineer E. H. Holt of the Barber-Green company
said. V ^
at a rate of about 30 feet per minute. ‘Good For War’
‘12 Speeds’
According to Holt, the finisher is equipped with a 12 speed transmission, which permits laying at speeds varying from 12 to 55 feet per minute.
According to Holt, this equipment has been widely used and should ptove extremely valuable in laying hard, seiwiceable roads before retreating or advancing troops in the case of war. Trenching machines made by the same company would also be used extensively in war-time, it is expected.
This machine will be used to xo> finiSb^treets throughout Lafayette. The same company also manufactures “travel plants” which pick up “aggregate” crushed rock at the front of a series of units and generally consist of a bucket elevator, aggregate grader, dryer, mixing plant and finisher. This unit prepares the entire road
At the present time, 30-feet-wide finishers are being used to lay mats of road material on the banks of the Mississippi River as part of the program of ffood and erosion cdntrol. The finisher is placed no a raft, the mat, interspersed with wire, is started at the top of the bank, and when it has reached a sufficient length the mat is cut offT and al> (owed to drop, covering riverbank.i. 1
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, June 25, 1940
Jjumlif Jalh
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM CPCKTAH LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioned
For, Economy
• • « •
The Lahr Hotel
""5* Column
Letter To The Editor To The Editor ol The Purdue Exponent: Much as I admire the editor of the Exponent as a fellow student, I heartily disagree with his babe in the woods policy in his writings. The columns so aptly called the ‘Fifth Column’ in the school paper reminds us of the demonstrations that took place during peace time years on many a univerqfity campus. Ostensibly for the purpose of peace, the riots were found to be the direct cause of communist influences. / 0 Admittedly we do not wish to go to war. No one likes war— but sometimes there are certain things beyond our control which force the brutality of war upon us. During the middle of the week we rode downtown with a gentleman named Moss. He started oif a conversation with, “Do you know, I think the Nazis have something, no one is unemployed in Germany.” We said nothing until we arrived at our destin'a’tibn,' then we pointed at an American flag and said, “That’s lasted for 150 years and we haven’t found anyone but you that said it was outdated. If it was, the American people would have brought it up to dat^.” You, Mr. Editor, evidently do not think as much of what stands behind that flag as we do. England fights for the same principles that the flag stands for. We’re not afraid; we won’t go seeking war but if it comes, we hope to be in uniform. Will you? —S. W. And Our Answer Dear Mr. S. W.: Apparently our editorial policy regarding the war has incurred your disfavor. That’s what we like about this country— every man has a right to his own opinion. And just to prove to you that we still believe in democratic ideals and principles we’ve printed your letter. But that’s as far as it goes. From here on you’re on your own. May we criticize you, first, by saying that your letter was very vague and pointed to no specific part of our policy which you disliked except that the fact that we are opposed to war. The “things beyond our control which force the brutality of war upon us,” are much too vague to bear weight with us. If you are intimating that it is our duty to step into this fight and “save the world for democracy,” we should like to point out certain facts which you may have forgotten for the moment. If you will recall, at the end of the much heralded “war to end war,” President Wils(m drewup a plan which became known as “The Fourteen PointI/’ Sincere and peace loving peoples throughout the world conceded that this was indeed a permanent settlement of Europe’s ills. And what happened? The treaty of Versailles! That’s what happened. France and England I)olitely told Wilson that he was a good boy and he had a'lovely plan but would he please go and play in the garden while they made the terms of the peace—the terms of the spoilers. Mind you, we are not trying to justify Mr. Hitler’s cause. There is no justification for a war of aggression. But we are saying that the hopes of the idealist and the facts of the realist are worlds apart. We accuse you too, Mr. S. W., of being a flag waver. Pointing to the flag and beating your breast is just the sort of thing we are trying to scotch by our policy. As far as we can see, the flag and the things for which it stands, “liberty and justice for all,” are not endangered yet. And as far as we can see there is nothing to be gained by interfering in quarrels that are not ours. Remember, we advocated a strong defense and a “Hands Off” policy in regard to the Americas. But to enter a war unprepared and unchallenged in our own domain is absolutely absurd and we defy you to show us any reason or anything that you point to in our flag 'that says “Fight the opponents of democracy wherever they are in the world.” We are not afraid to die, Mr. S. W., but we do object to dying in vain. There is nothing we oppose more whole heartedly than futility and to endanger our own mode of life by defending somebody else’s is the “n”th degree of futility! If you are pointing to us as “fifth columnists” as editors of your newspaper may we assure that we are every-bit as redblooded Americans as you, the only difference is that we enjoy peace as one of the dividends of our democratic, form of government. It is for this reason and this reason alone that we oppose those who would lead us away from peace except in de•"•^^^ense of that peace.
By Burrhaid * * >i< Yesterday Italy signed peace terms with France. We figure she had to. Mussolini waited ’tiPthe last minute to get into this war business, and without Germany was just as quick in getting out of it. If he had waited too long he might of had to fight the French. Without Hitler, * * ♦ The silliest thing about the whole business though is the fighting finish, First everyone agrees to peace. Then they all sign a paper saying so. Third they all go back to seeing how many of one another they can kill before the deadline. Fowth, Hitler pushes a button and all the boys quit shooting guns and start shooting craps. * * The British keep talking about how the! navy belongs to the king lately, not the government. A pretty piece of rationalizing we call it. Looks like lack of confidence. * * * While Hitler keeps pushing people around, the rest of the world sits on their hands and wonders how long he can last. Brings back memories of another great campaigner. His name was Napoleon. * ♦ » That little guy fought a lot of battles, won most of
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post o ce in La> fpycttc. Indiana, pnder the act of Congress of March 3, 1878, and at the Special rate postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for BO cents.
PubliMflon Staff
R. W. Donghu
I. Met^e
Editor-in-Chief
News Editor J. H. Managing ^itor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, J. A. Purcell, J. L.
Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising: H. 8. Powers, G. C. Landers; Circulation Manager, B. M. BectenWud.
Sport* Staff
Bditor
J. P. Dolan
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; 8porlii 1792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising'Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. '
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS National League Cincinnati at Boston (rain) Chicago at Brooklyn (rain) St. Louis at New York (rain) Pittsburgh at Philadelphia (rain) American League Sj;. Louis, 9; Philadelphia, 4 Washington at Chicago (rain) Boston at Detroit (rain)
them, and learned a lot in the process. He met the British at Waterloo, and the word has become more than a name of a place since then. He once said: “The British lose every battle.” “But the last one.” *1= * Guess Hitler never read that. However, they did lose one. That’s how come we’re not fighting now. At any rate we’re still watching. Hitler holds the dice, and the stake is Empire, but Britain is not one to lose easily.
Classified Ads Service in carpentry, cabinet work, saw filing, TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG and repaired. Phone 66832 and your work will be called for and delivered.
For Rent—Room in private home. Instructor or employed persons. Gentlemen preferred. 229 Connolly. —TOD AY-WEDNESDAY-—
Notices N* notlcM will b« accepted after B p. mu Mixed Golf Class: Class usually meeting Thursday meet this week Wednesday, June 26, at 4 p.m. on the Women’s Recreation Field. Anyone interseted in learning golf may still join the class. Come Wednesday. CASE.
-THOR. - FRI. - SAT..
Paramount Present* WE fi5%r - ^ <fv billy lee • CORDELL HICKMAN ' HELENE MILLARD * RICHARD LANE Directed by Stuort Heitler
AIR CONDITIONED
-TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
Dave Marker
. . . drainage specialist on thp University extension staff, was in Findlay, O., yesterday where he attended the annual meeting of the Tile Ditchers and Machine Operators held at the plant of the Hancock Brick and Tile Company. Ilarker appeared on the afternoon program, addressing the 200 ditchers from Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana on the subject of “Our Cause of Land Drainage.”
—TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
LUNA -TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
Plus .. . 2nd Feature
'i
rM Bon • **«y
L loan Iknik . HWu WyfOXOO —THUR. - FRI. - SAT.—
VIVIEN LEIGH
LAURENCE OLIVIER
— IN —
"‘21 DAYS TOGETHER" — ALSO — "Heros of the Saddle"
— ANDTllf^l^SQyiliE^S. /S'
— ALSO — 'Boy Scouts to the Rescue”
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
EaM
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
A Great Adventure Drama of the Raw Untamed Frontier! WALLACE BERRY ROBERT TAYLOR — IN — STAND UP AND FIGHT — PLUS — The Riotous Battle of the Sexes! NO MAN OF HER OWN — WITH — CLARK GABLE CAROLE LOMBARD MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY THURS. - FRI. - SAT. JITTERBUG DAUGHTERS vs. THRILL-SEEKING MOTHERS!
A Racy-Wild Story
5023
RIDE IN STYLE IN A YELLOW CAB PHONES
3071
Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunks ^‘The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow^^ YELLOW CAB 00.}
Tui^sdoy. June 25, 1940
puj^DUE Exponent
4
'Rural Relations' Named
(Continued from page 1)
Johnson Co.; Prof. L. M. Busche of the University; and Mrs. ’Raymond Sayre, Aclnvorth, Iowa, president of the American Countlry Life "Association and midwest director of the Associated Women of the American Farm Bureau Federation.
Climaxing the day's program will he a banquet and evening program in the Memorial Union South Ballroom, with President Schenck presiding and the ministers as guests of the Farm Bureau. Mrs. Sayre will be the principal speaker. Music will be provided by the Carroll county American Legion quartette. “Grange Day” will be observed on Thursday.
Jordan Announces
Course For Druggists;
Opens Here July 8
r
Afur tiu bath it helps close pfMTcs and leaves the skm smooth and glowmg A quick fick'up before dressing, It’s SO refreshing
^ If
Rcfrcsbiii^ moisage for a restful mas' sage,just soothe It on your skin and then, relax!
Tk,
jfriction pour le bain
Lhis exquisitely perfumed friction rub is like nothing you’ve ever tried before It gives you quick, freshening stimula' tion, then soothing relaxation with an afterglow of tantalizing
delicate fragrance
THREE SIZES; $1, $1.85, $3.50
Jaeb^
Foods That Are— FIT FOR A KEVG—
in the New COFFEE SHOP
Here in an attractive atmosphere you will be served the finest of foods, prepared with the utmost care and served the way you like them. For that welcome change visit the Coffee Shop, It’s a delightful treat that won’t strain your pocket book!
ihsL
^UhdlUL TybumfiioL lAnion,
The Corner ^of the CampusYet the Center of Activities
On The
Baseball Front By Arch
^ Dean C. B. Jordan, of the school of pharmacy announced today that a special short course for druggists will be held here for five days beginning July 8. Preparations have been made to accommodate a hundred druggists. The druggists will discuss such subjecst as promoting the prescription department, window display and card writing, arrangement of stock and fixtures, personality in i business, developing the sundry business, fountain management, newer remedies, hormones and related compounds, insect pests and their control, newer vitamins, ice cream mix, legal aspects of the drug business, and many other phases of the business. University faculty and staff members will provide most of the instructional work but there also will be talks by many others connected with various phases of the drug business. Among the visiting speakers will be H. S. Noel, of Eli Lilly and Co., Roscoe A. Carver, of Kiefer Stewart Co., and M. L. Sutton of Mooney-Mueller-Ward Co,, all of Indianapolis. Others on the list of speakers will be Fred A, Russell, University of Illinois; W. B. Colgate, E. R. Squibb and Sons, New York; Dean J. W. Sturmer, Philadelphia College of Pharmacy; J. R. Kiefner, Upjohn Company, Kalamazoo, Mich.; W. T, Allen, Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Toledo, O.; E. J. Robb, Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y.; S. W. Dow, Walgreen’s, Chicago; and J. W. Snowden, Pictorial Package Company, Aurora, Illinois.
Every year as time for the AllStar game rolls around, fans and scribes take a look at the standings, allot the All-Star squad perhaps five or six men from the leagueleaders, four players from the second place team, three from the third and fourth place teams, and one or two from the second division teams.
—bbf-
the classic played to raise funds for the relief of needy baseball men. —bbf— Change in the management of the American League team has already begun to color the aspects of the affair, the paint brush being wielded by one Joseph Cronin who has some very liberal views. Says Cronin, “In other years, the idea has been to defeat the National League team . . . the manager would start his strongest-lineup and keep it intact . . . Fans who may have come miles . . . resented the fact that their favorite player was nothing more than a spectator on the bench ... we still want to win this game, but are going to be fair to the players and fans . . . I’m going to try to use every player eligible.”
Ag Experts Discuss Proper Drainage Af Convention Here
Wishful thinking may be involved in order to prevent too many Yankee stars from monopolizing the line-up in case the Yankee manager is ot manage the All-Star aggregation, as has been the case for four years. But this will be eliminated this year, since the American League officers, at their annual meeting last December, adopted a plan whereby the manager of the All-Star team will be named at this meeting each year rather than have the World’s Series boss automatically step into the job.
—bbf—
Thus the affair should strengthen the national game as satisfaction for public demands for entertainment . . . the game may see more rookies get a chance to demosntrate their abilities alongside the veterans, while yet satisfying the baseball fan’s desire to know how the leagues stack up against one another in batting, pitching, and fielding.
—bbf—
—bbf—
Another interesting rule was made at this same meeting . . . the championship club of the American League may obtain no players in its own league except by the waiver route, in which a player retired by any team and rejected or “waived” by all other clubs in the major leagues must be sold at the established waiver price of $7,500. Thus the Yankees this year have been prohibited from selling or trading with any American League "rival, except that it may purchase for waiver price any player waived by the other clubs.
In spite of the losing streak of seven straight games just terminated by the Boston Red Sox, they should place Williams, Foxx, Doerr, and perhaps Cramer on the All-Star team. With Cronin doing the bossing, Appling should get the first call at the short-stop position, with Kennedy, White Sox rookie, sharing third base duties with Cleveland’s Ken Keltner.
—bbf—
-bbf—
So “Marse Joe” McCarthy steps out this year while Joe Cronin of the up-and-down Red Sox leads the American League gang against the baseball worthies of the senior circuit in St. Louis’ Sportsman’s Park, Tuesday, July 9. The National League club presidents having made no changes in their plans—^no “fourtime” winners have taken the National pennarit since the Giants did so, 1921-1924—Bill McKechnie will manage the Nat hopefuls, who will try for their third win in eight starst, this being the eighth year of
We still like Kennedy, even better after hearing the praise given him by the veteran Lefty Grove following the All-Sox series played in Chicago last week. Radcliff of the Browns, Barney McCoskey of Detroit, and ’ Wright of Chicago should be able to help Williams and Cramer with the tending f o the garden spots. Either Joe DiMaggio or Charlie Keller, with some lively stepping before game time, may be able to put the Yankees on the list.
-bbf-
In an address last Thursday before approximately 60 members of the Clay Drain Tile Manufacturers’ Association, J. Carroll Bottum, University agricultural economist declared that records on Indiana farms show that proper drainage is one of the fundamentals of profitable farm management. Financial records on hundreds of farm businesses during the last ten years show wide variations in farm incomes, explained Bottum, who pointed out one of the factors accounting for these variations has been the presence or lack of good farm drainage. Adequate Drainage Adequate drainage not only increases crop yields on what is usually the most productive land of the farm, but also lowers costs many times by increasing the size and shape of fields, the agricultural economist added. Discussing farm drainage from the standpoint of soil conservation, N. R. Rosenbury, Soil Conservation Service, Logansport, said he had observed that properly drained soil soaked up water more readily and thus prevented more serious erosion run-off than the poorly drained soil. Also, he stated, proper drainage allows the low bottom land to be used for heavy cropping, allowing the sloping lands which are subject to wash to be retired to pasture and wood areas. Welcomed by Freeman Associate Dean V. C. Freeman of the University School of Agriculture welcomed to the campus the visiting manufacturers , who were from Ohio, Illinois, and Michigan as well as Indiana. Dave Barker, Purdue extension drainage engineer, was in charge of general arrangements for the conference, which was held at the University for the first time. Dr. George D. Scarseth, University soils chemist, presented a technical talk on “Fundamental properties of Soils as Related to Tile Drainage.”
Foxx’ superiority at first may hold out, but the public will probably endorse Cronin’s liberal views and nominate McQuinn or Kuhel to help him out. Doerr has few more supporters than Charlie “The Robot” Gehringer, who still is worthy of all-star attention. Behind the
ALL TENNIS RACKETS For Sale at 10%, 15% and 20% Discount
Deac's H. G. REISNER & SON
plate, Rollie Hemsley should appear as battery-mate for Cleveland’s Bob Feller, with Frank Hayes of the A’s to carry on. Feller, teammate A1 Milnar, and Dutch Leonard are capable of heading the pitching staff. Others who appear eligible are Buck Newsom of the Browns, Ed Smith or John Rigney of the White Sox, and Marius Russo, the Yanks’ lone “white hope.” In spite of shabby pitching, the Boston staff may be called on for the services of Galehouse or Wilson, although this is highly improbable.
-bbf—
American League umpires? Well, we can’t name them, but there’ll be a few guesses on the National League roster ready for next time.
BARBECUE
and
FISH FRY
\
Friday, June 28 from 4-7 p. m. Russell’s Woods (Northwest of Stadium)
RECREATION STUDENTS
50i^
REFRESHMENTS
FACULTY
Tickets on Sale 'TodayPURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, June 25, 1940
Bold and Black
Hart Outlines German Plan Of Success At
Annual Music School At Civil Camp
Opens Here; Present
Youi- columnist has been informed by some of his moi-e reliable stooges that town co-ed Betty Williams is going to be quite busy this summer. Ask a couple Phi Kappa Sigs and the Sigma Chi’s. —B & B— While sitting in the well-known B B with one of my colleagues, we decided that what this summer session needs is bigger and better romances. A few suggestions are in oi’der. Miss Study (Kappa Sig Bill’s sister) and that good looking date you had last Sat. up at Shafer Lake. More suggestions?
Religious Convocation Cantata Sunday At 3
-B & B-
Jim Conners (Sig flash) informs your columnist that he will do his best this summer, so take my advice girls and look to your laurels! —B & B—
Who IS the beautiful (?) blonde that senior Bob Peterson is keeping so safely hidden from the summer session wolves ? Shall we tell them Bob or will you?
Speaking to approximately seven hundred summer session students, faculty, and townspeople Dr. Hornell Hart, professor of sociology at Duke University, said that the Nazi regime in Germany has followed a four part plan to succeed in its war in Europe. A definite goal, utilization of emotionism, technology, and discipline have paved the way for Germany’s victories to date he said. But he added that the United States might take these samq four points, without loosing its democratic government, through a dictatorship, and gain the same ends in a democratic way. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the summer session and head of the departments of education and applied psychology, presided at the convocation for worship.
-B & B-
Games On The Green'
Special request to Frank Fox ■—■ With the shortage of co-eds this summer we would like to see you keep the sweet shop beauties around this summer so as not to make our many hours m the shop so dull. We thought the “redhead” had left but w'ere pleasantly surprised to see her Monday afternoon. —B & B—
Scheduled For Tonite
Now to the contribs-
^^eeiNin the Grill; Six Betas and one poor little Theta (Kirkpatrick by name). These Betas really do things up big. Too bad the Phi Psis don’t work underhanded as do the former. —paid ad— —B & B— We hear that Larry Brodd of Union fame has been dating a “Million Dollar Baby” (he claims) in Woolworth’s 5c and 10c store across the river. We wonder what purpose he has in mind? No hours? —B&B— Those week-end parties in Kokomo must be rough judging from the way “Swede” Mossberg parks his car on the sidewalk in front of the Phi Psi house. House Committee Phi Kappa Psi. —B & B— Parting Shot — Everybody must have been studying last Friday night judging from the size of the mixer. Why not try them from now on, on Saturday since we must study on Fridays? —B & B— MORE CONTRIBS WANTED!
Continuing the Tuesday evening “Games on the Green,” badminton, deck tennis, outdoor bowling, archery, croquet, and darts will be provided this evening from 6:30 until dark on the green north of the fieldhouse for students and faculty members. Following the cessation of" “Games on the Green” there will be mixed swimming in the fieldhouse pool. Helen Hazelton and M. L. Clevett, of the divisions of physical education, are in charge of the program. Those interested in soft ball are urged to come “a little early” if the game is to be finished before light fails.
Various phases of mu^ic leadership were considere^fcy 30 directors from all parts of the state attending the opening sessions of the second annual training school here yesterday. The school will continue through the remainder of the week, with a cantata, “Christ in the World” by Matthews, to be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 o’clock Sunday afternoon as the climaxing feature. The final cantata, which will be open to the general public without charge, will find the attendants at the music leadership training school combining forces with the University summer session chorus for the presentation. Locke, Stewart Direct Instructional work in the school was opened with a voice class under the direction of Dorothy Locke, of Elkhart, while Albert P. Stewart, director of University musical organizations, who is in charge of the school, directed a session on interpretation. A dinner and reception for the school attendants was held in the Union Building at 6:30 o’clock tonight.
TODAY’S GAMES
National League Cincinnati at Boston Chicago at Brooklyn (night game) St. Louis at New York Pittsburgh at Philadelphia
American League Boston at Detroit New York at Cleveland Washington at Chicago (night game) Philadelphia at St. Louis
TENNIS TOURNAMENT STARTS NEXT WEEK All “potential tennis champs” are asked to sign up on the intramural bulletin board in the Fieldhouse or call in entries for the summer session singles tournament, an announcement from the intramural department said yesterday. First matches of the tournament will start next week. The same^^goes for the approaching summer session golf tourney.
Let Yourself Go! —cleaned by
(OmL
Side.
Your confident you look your best when your clothes have been cleaned here. You know they’re spottless, trim, crisp and good looking. And your budget knows you’re smart, too! !
Phone 4081
4081 Phone
-The Lowest Price That Quality Permits—
J^^SSlSSSse
Be Ever
Charming
Loeb’s custom permant waves will make your friends admire the charming radiance of your distinctive personal appearance. These permanents are under the supervision of Mr. Rudae, international known haic stylist.
iXonJbiu ScdofL
Phone 7901
Second Floor
With Suds
(Editor’s Note: We just received these diary notes from the diary of Kathleen “Suds” Lux. It’s an idea of what Freshmen civils are doing.)
Sunday, June 9 . . . The old Purdue ratio of five to one took a decided advance when Ellen Ziegjer and I arrived in camp this morning at 10 o’clock. Before the day was over approximately 70 boys had kissed civilization goodbye for nine weeks (except for ^aturday nights). Upon our arrival we reported to Prof. Todd, sponsor of “Todds Terrible Tuffs” ball team, and incidentally head of the topo, who assigned us to living quarters in the barracks —to the boys. Assignment was also made to parties. Each party contains six men, except the last party of which Ellen and I are members. Most of the afternoon was spent in unpacking. The barracks were in an awful mess. (Don’t ask me how, I know.)
Msponsibility of directing the work of his party. After a short lecture the rest of the day was spent in getting sunburn and adjusting instruments. At dinner. Prof. Freel, in charge of Camp improvements and official “doc” at the camp, announced that the line for sunburn treatment would form on the right immediately after dinner. Baseball tedms were chosen. Having won last place during the summer of ’39 Prof. Lommel, in charge of general camp, was given first choice for members of Lommel’s Larripin’ Lulus team. Mr. Johns, instrument man at camp, is president of the ball league.
Tuesday , . . Completed the job of getting sunburned adjustments on instruments.
party today. Here it is only Thursday and one of the boys is already looking drobpy. Must be homesick. i Finished measuring a base line for the 12th time. We used a Invar tape; measured tension, temperature, and elevation of points. The location party is busy running a preliminary line for a highway. The platform which formerly held the ’ water tank is now used for an observation platform. Prom the top fcan be seen hte home of JDavid E. Ross, donor of the camp site. Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher honored us with his presence at dinner today. After the ball game this afternoon we enjoyed an interesting illustrated lecture on birds by Dean Fisher. Springer’s Slaphappy Sadapples won the ball game. Noses at camp are getting redder and redder.
Monday . . . Awoke at 6 a.m. iThat’s 5 o’clock town time. At 7 breakfast was served in the mess hall. This building, along with practically all the other buildings, has been built by students of former years. Roll call at 7:45 was answered by the chief of parties. One day a week each member assumes the
Wednesday . . . Darn that bell. Why in h!*.... does it ring so early. Camp was officially divided into halves this morning. The location half is under Prof. Springer. The topography pqrt is directed by Profs. Lommel and Todd. The location division spent the morning going on a little walk over the country side, which was still slightly damp from the rain the night before. The topo boys spent the morning finding suitable triangulation points. It took party 9 all day to cut a visible path through the woods. Ellen Zeigler was the first camper to swim in the camp pool.
Thursday . . . Ho-hum, Chief of
Friday . . . First annual picture contest was announced today. They will need a board of censors for most of them. Already there is evidence of the rough and ready life of Civil Camp. There are a few hemen growing beards. They’ll shave them tomorrow night. More than oi^ camper would like to get the guy who listens to Moon River so late every night. Saturday . . . Only have to work half a day today, I hope. Every party was put on clean-up duty from eleven to twelve. Immediately after dinner everyone left for town or other points of interest. Rode back to camp in an open topped car. We got caught in the rain.
It doesn’t matter what you need . . . new furniture for your college home or paint to brighten your house .. .
SORORITIES and FRATERNITIES
Pla^ now to repair your home for Sept. Improve Your Rushing By Improving The Looks - , of Your Home
You can’t do better than Lafayette prices , , , Quick turn over enables the Lafayette merchants to carry complete and modern merchandise.
You can always depend upon the Lafayette merchant to give you what you want when you want it.
FOR ECONOMY AND SERVICE PATRONIZE YOUR LOCAL MERCHANTS
/