' > ^' ‘ I > I I, ' * ' ''' ^V '''^ ' ‘ ’ t" ■*''■• i I >■ ^ ' ,''',•''<1 ■ V »? ^
rr’',:yzm'j ^' ' !f'
V* "'''% /4v iP’CfV J*i
mu
0iale Animar |o Open 4 Day Tonight At 8
,iM, |5|t| f 'lii
I By E. Nordlinger “The Male Animal,” final Playshop production of the 194142 season, opens tonight at 7 ;30 in Fowler Hall. This three act comedy will run for four days; from Tuesday through Saturday with no performance on Thursday evening. The curtain vyill rise at 8 p.m. at the Friday and Saturday performances. This play is being directed by Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael and William L. Deam. The cast includes John Clark and Barbara Nord as Prof. Tommy Turner and Ellen Turner; Bill Simpson as Joe Ferguson; Ernest Nofd
linger, Michael Barnes; Ann Ostrander, Patricia Stanley; Ruth Dray, Claota; Dale Duffin, Wally Myers; Vernon Rising, Dean Damon; Margaret Slate, Mrs. Damon; Harold Warren as Ed Kel-
ler; Betty Wedge, Mrs. Keller; Bill Switchboard Arranged
Meyeis, will be busy backstage with the sound equipment apparatus. Door bells and telephone calls continuously bother Prof. Turner when his name becomes associated with
ladical literature.
Batchelder, Nutsy Miller; Larry Myers, sports announcer and Noiman OstrofF as the newspaper re-
porter.
Varsity Band Makes Recording
A new light switch was arranged by Carroll Martindell and Bill Bachelder to facilitate the turning on and o'ff of lamps on the stage by the actors. This has never been possible in
The setting, designed by Merle previous plays.
Khck, assisted by Betty Gray, stage manager, is laid in the Turner residence. The upholstery and draperies were planned and executed by Ann Bradley and Walter Neubauer.
The plot centers around the Homecoming weekend on the Midwestern University campus. Barnes’ editorial encourages Professor Turner to read a letter of Vanzetti,
Captain Watson and the Varsity which almost Costs Turner his job. Band made the recording for Mid- Then Joe Ferguson, o.x-boyfriend of
western’s University pep song, which is played as the characters go off to the homecoming football
Mrs. Turnei arrives to see the football game. Barnes has trouble too when Mrs. Turner’s sister Pat goes
game. Larry Myqrs of WBAA will to the rally with the present foot-
bo oh'' hand to describe the game to the audience. John Morrison, assisted by Haiiy
ball star, Wally Myers. A bottle session results and the male animal comes out.
Queen^ Court Await Junior Prom
' By Boswinkle All tickets for the Junior Prom wljicli will bo held next Friday night in the Union from 9 until 2 ate sold; the Union is working on a''^modernistic backdrop depicting triangles, rectangles, and other gfiometric dosigii.^ on a background of'reddish purple, white and blue; the dance pi'ograms will be ready for Prom-goers at the cashier’s office starting at 8 Thursday morning; and the Prom queen Bobby Gleason and her court consisting of Kay Webber, Jane Burkholder, Jeanette Haynes, Dotty Sicb, and Jeanne Moses are awaiting the event at which they will reign. Dick Ball Will I.ead March Leading the Grand March at 10:30 will be Prom chairman Dick Pall with his date Mary Louiese Douglas and Frosty Sprowl escoiting Prom Queen Bobbie Gleason. Following in the parade will be the other members serving on the Prom committee and then dates: Dick Sleeper, John Amos, Jan Van Gorkom, Jim Reeves, Fred Enimerson, and Harry Hudson. Charlie Spivak, “The Man Who Plays the Sweetest Trumpet in the World,” will be the main music maker with a second band assisting in the cafeteria. The band has been
signed recently and will be announced 111 tomorrow’s Exponenl. Played With Dorsey Brothers Spivak comes well qualified to play at the Prom having siient much of his free lancing days with such orchestras as the Dorsey Biotheis, Ray Noble, Jack Teagai'dcn, the Ford Symphony, Artie Shaw, Kate Smith and Fred Waring. pis largest triumph to date IS his engagement to jilay for the Harvest Moon Ball on August 27 in Madison Square Garden. This band was chosen, in the words^ of the Daily News, because “it is young, on its way up, and appealing to devotees of both sweet and swing.” Organized In 1940 The band was organized in 1940 111 New York making a hit almost immediately as evidenced by engagements at the Glenn Island Casino which followed in close step aftei his debut. At present he is signed up to make ieco.rdmgs with OKEII records. A reception following the grand inarch will be given in the Faculty Lounge for those serving on the Prom committee, the Prom queen and their escorts. Coed hours have been extended until 3 for the affair
Scabbard And Blade To Hold Initiation Banquet Tonight
C. H. Robertson will be guest speaker at the annual spring initiation banquet of the University chapter of Scabbard and Blade, national militaiy honorary, to be held tonight at (5 in the west faculty lounge of the Union. W. L. Sullivan, captain of the local chapter, will welcome the new initiates into the organization at the banquet, and the response will be delivered by Joe T. Youngblood. Col, D. M. Beere, head of the military department, will speak; and A. A. Top|j will act as toastmastei. Lectured All Over The World Di. Robertson has tiavelled and lectured throughout the world, in-
Eslablithed 1889
Volume 53, No. 167
West Lafayette, Indiana
SDX To Hold Discussion
Officers Will Lead Group In Good Teacher Forum In connection with the awarding of the Good Teacher Medallion by the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, the fraternity will conduct a Good Teacher rojijj^jd-table discussion Thursday afternoon at 4:15 in the tower room of the Union. All students and faculty members are invited to the forum, and will be given a chance to h,rgue the pro and cons of the
question, “What constitutes a ‘Good Teacher?’ ” Attendance at the discussion will not be
taken.
Officers Will Preside
The officers of Sigma Delta Chi will preside at the meeting and will lead the discussion on the following issues: (1) a good teacher’s attitude and interest in a student’s personal problems; (2) a good teacher’s views on class cutting; (3) a
good teacher’s attitude on types of ^^r University students were tests (I’easonlng tests, formulae announced yesterday in a spetests, memory tests, etc.) he should cial broadcast Over WBAA. give; (4) a good teacher’s idea of program was substituted
Scrivener Announces
/
Prize Winners Prize winners in the fifteenth annual literary contest
what the educational process should
for the usual banquet as a war
eluding years spent in China, Japan, the Philippines, Siberia and Russia. Fiom 1902 to 1931 he carried out special missions of science and delivered educational lectures foi the foreign depaitment of the international committee of the YMCA. Duiing the first world wai he was with the Russian and Allied ai lilies in Russia, Siberia and
China.
Dm ing the years he spent abroad, Dr Robertson seived as a faculty membei for three Chinese universities. In 1930 and 1931 he was honoraiy technical advisor to the Minister of Industiies of the Republic of China.
consist; and (6) the experience and „ educational training of a good scouomy movc. In further recteacher. ognition of the war emergenDiscussion Will Be Informal cy, defense stamps were subThe discussion will be strictly in- stituted as prizes in place of formal and neither the student nor the usual Clips and trophies in the instructor will be permitted to practically all of the classes, dommate the discussion completely. , ht u At a similar forum held by Sigma Chester Riegle, of Lafayette, Delta Chi four years ago instruct- ^ senior in science, won Iwo of ors greatly outnumbered the stu- the major awards, the David dents who attended. Discussion will E. Ross prize of $15 in defense be centered about the attributes of stamps for the best poems, and the
W. H. Winterrowd cash award of $100 for the best senior library. The second award of $35 in the library contest went to Willis Wells, senior in mechanical engineering from Bartlesville, Okla. In the poetry competition, honorable mention was given to Dale Sheets, of Lafayette, senior in physical education, and Elizabeth Horton, of Monon, sopho-
more in home economics. Small Writes Be.st Play
In competition for the prize offered for the best short play by George Adc, James D. Small, sophomore in pharmacy from West Lafayette, won with ail enti'y titled “Reunion, A Fantasy.” Honorable mention was won by Carolyn Wood, sophomore science studenl, and Becky Ann Pcrviiie, junior in science, both from West Lafayette. In the short stoiy competition sponsoied by II. G. Reisnei, the fust prize of $15 iii defense stamps was won by Charles, B. Lester, ficshman engineer from Piinceton, Ky. Honorable mention was won by Ellen Searight, Logansport, sophomoie in science; Nora Stangland, Albion, senior in home economics; and Patricia Flint, Blythe, Cal., sen-
101 in science.
McPherson Has Best Essay The English department piize of $15 in defense stamps for the best informal essay was awarded to Bonnie McPherson, Biooklyn, N. Y., junior in science. Honorable mention went to Nouna Runkle, Lafayette, science senior, and Nora Stangland, Albion, home economics
senior.
P. M. Sherk, sophomoie in science fiom Indianapolis, won the first piizc of $15 in defense stumps of(Continued on page 4) Hannon Dies Joseph R. Hannon, University student, died Sunday, Apiil 12, in the Billings Memorial Hospital at Chicago from a malignant tumor. He w'as a sophomore in the Ag School, a member of Luma House, ,and active in the Student Senate and Agricultuiist. Funeral services will be at 9:00 a. m., Wednesday in
Kouts.
Wesley Foundation To Give Senior Banquet Annual Senior Banquet of the Wesley Foundation will be held Thursday evening at 6:30 in the South Ballroom of the Union. Paul A. Eckler will serve as toastmaster, and Rev. H. D. Bollinger will be the principal speaker. All those Interested are invited to attend, and admission is 65 cents per person.
a good teacher and not about campus pedagogical personalities. Recommendations of and petitions for the Recipient of the Medallion may still be turned in at the Exponent office or to John Tiaiigott,
president of SDX.
University Offers
Short Courses
111 addition to the regular summer session schedule the University i.s offering six special eight-week courses for freshmen who at the end of the present semester find themselves behind in their schedule and who.must also work during the summor months. This special session will begin on May 4 and end June 27. Classes will bo offered in mathematics 2, engineering chemistry 1, engineering drawing 12, English 31 and applied mechanics
21.
During this eight week period the amount of class and laboratory time spent in each course will be double the amount spent during the regular sixteen w'eek course, with a maximum of ten hours ol work being carried by any individual en-
rolled in these courses.
Tuition Set At $31 Plus Lab Fees Tuition for the short courses will be $31, which does not include ^ny regular laboratory fees. Any further information lelative to the scheduling of these classes may be obtained from Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp, Di. F. B. Knight, director of the summer session, or C. E. Dammon, director of admis-
sions.
In addition to these courses the University is planning to offer courses foi high school students who will graduate too late for the summer session May 4. Provided enough students arc interested the University will open courses in freshman mathematics, chemistry, English, engineering drawing and^ shop. This schedule will start Juno 22, and nine semester hours’ credit may be obtained by the end of the .semcstci.
Notice To Coeds Women students expecting to leave town the week-end of April 17, 18, and 19 must have special out of town permission letters from their parents. These letters should be sent directly to the housemother in charge of resi-
dence.
AWS Judicial Board
ROTC Will Hold Annual Inspection Juniors To Take Over Brigades At Review Fifth corps area inspection board will ari'ive tomorrow to begin the annual inspection of the University ROTC unit. The inspection will carry over three days, April 15, 16 and 17; and it will cover all of the class room and floor work. This inspection is held every year in order to give 'the University ROTC an official War Department rating. The “Excellent” rating, the highest ranking of the War Department, has been held by Purdue every year since 1918. Juniors To Take Command Next Thursday at 11 o’clock the review will be climaxed by a ceremony on the intramural field which will be in the nature of a “Graduation Review” for seniors in the First Brigade. The senior cadet officers make their last appearance befoie the Corps at these dnnual reviews and turn their command over to the junior cadet officers. Tuesday’s leview will honor the senior cadet officers and senior band officers of the Second Brigade. Brigades Form In Armory On its legular Corps Day each Brigade will form in the Armory in the same manner as it has done all year and maich to the review field under the command of the presenti senior officers. Each Brigade will form on a line of massed batteries upon arriving at the intramural field and will be presented lo the reviewing officer. Juniors Command In Review Following the initial presentation each senior officer will relinquish his command to a junior officer and report to the reviewing stand. Under the command of the junior cadet officers the Brigade will pass in review before the reviewing stand. All students of the University and the genei-al public are invited to attend both reviews on Tuesday and Thursday. Parking space will be available along the east fence of the Intramural Field. ,
Daily Sifiea 1906 Tuesday, Apfril 14, 1942 Suddenly EE School Head Suffers Heart Attack In Office
In Memoriam For a third of a century Charles Francis Harding served Purdue Univefsity with his determined personality and devoted professional skill. He was not only the efficient and far-sighted administrator of the important School of Electrical Engineering,
Prof. C. F. Harding
but also a wise and dependable advisor in ^11 matters affecting the standing of the institution. The source of some of the invaluable plus power of Purdue and Lafayette has been taken from us. —E. C. ELLIOTT
At Air Meet Sunday Robert Walbcin, Amos Richardson and Maurice Beinhard were winncis of the University Flying Club ail meet held Sunday at the AirporyWalbein won the spot landing cemtest and Bernhard won the precision cioss country flight. The two jicaiiicd with Richardson to win the relay race. Due to a club luling which prohibits one man from winning more than one event, the prizes were awaided to Jay Stan and George B. Allison, second place winners of the cross country and spot landing event.s, lespcctively. All winners received Wilsonite Pilot’s Sun Glasses
as pi izes.
Considerable excitement was affoidcd the speclators when Robeit Mangum, a contestant in the spot landing event stalled his plane and crashed. Neither Mangum nor his passengei weie injuied. Damage to the plane was slight and will be repaiied shortly. Pharmacy Group Elects Officers student branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association announces the election of the following officers: Drew Haskins, president; Bob Gordon, vice president; Dot Gohmann, seciefary, and Meade Carpenter, treasurer. Prof. H. G. DeKay is the faculty adviser.
Management’s responsibility in the all-out war effort of America will be the theme of the annual personnel conference to be held here May 15 and 16, it was announced today by W. E. Vogler, director of personnel for the engineering and science schools. Industrial leaders of Indiana, as well as from otherstates, are expected to take part in the program which is arranged by Mr. Vogler in cooperation w-ith the state personnel, employers and manufacturers’ associations. State Chamber of Commerce, Indiana Employment Service and Indiana University. Personnel Chiefs To Speak Among the principal speakers will be L. A. Appley, vice-president of the Vick Chemical Company and consultant on personnel for the Secretaiy of War; Walter Dietz, associate director of training within industry for the WPB in Washington; J. B Haight, assistant director of the U. S. Employment Security Division at Indianapolis, and Russell J. Gieenly, acting chief of personnel for tlic Cainegic-Illmois Steel Company. Jack Walters, former personnel directoi of the Univcisity and vicepresident of the Revere Copper and Brass Company; Captain K. E. Kline, in cluugc of plant protection woik for Indiana industries and Professor C. W Reese, head of Genet al Engineering of the University and diiector of the engineering defense tuunmg piogiani in the state will also speak. Will Study Personnel Problems The puipose of the confeiehce is to hung out piactical answers to some of the following questions: how can employees be tunned more quickly? how can women be fitted into industiy? wheie can qualified employees be found? what is essential in supervisoi attitudes? and what IS the answei to “sabotage?” Dr. J. Roy Leevy ... of the division of education and applied psychology, will attend the annual meeting of the Ohio Valley Sociological Society to be held at Pomerene Hall at Ohio State University April 24 and 25. Dr. Leevy will preside at one of the ses-
sions.
Dr. Charles Francis Harding, 60 years old, head of the School of Electrical Engineering at the University since 1908 and one of the best known engineering educators in the country, died suddenly of a heart attack at 4:20 yesterday afternoon in his office. He was stricken while conferring with R. H. George of his staff and S. B. Smith of the RCA in regard to research work being conducted at the University and died instantly. Coroner C. Lowell Smith pronounced death due to coronary occlusion. The passing of the well known educator removed from the staff one who had devoted the better part of his life to the upbuilding of the school which he headed and which had acquired top rank among institutions in the training of electrical engineers. He also had served as director of the electrical laboratories and as such had taken a prominent part in the development of high voltage power transmission, and he had become a recognized authority and leader in radio, television and other new projects in the electrical field. He had pioneered in all of these fields, and through his teaching and research had made many important contributions to the development of the electrical industry in America. ~ ->■ - Graduated From Worcester Dr. Harding was born Sept. 11, 1881, at Fitchbui-g, Mass., was graduated from Worcester Polytechnic Institute in 1902 and obtained his professional degree Drom the same institution in 1910. In 1931 he W'as honored by his alma mater conferring on him the honorary degree of doctor of engineering, because of his distinguished service in the engineering field. Following his graduation in 1902, Dr. Harding spent six years in industry except one year while teaching at Cornell University. He joined the Purdue staff in 1908. Since coming here 34 years ago. Dr. Hai’ding had UOt only conducted his teaching, ni* search and administrative work for the University but he also had been called upon for many important consulting tasks throughout the (See HARDING, page 4) Stratton Will Spealc To AWS Counselors Coeds who are prospective counselors for freshmen next fall ■will hear Dean Stratton speak on “Prominent Freshmen Problems” tomorrow afternoon at 4 p.m. The meeting for coeds interested in helping freshmen face the new problems that confront them at the beginning of the first semester is the second of a series of three callout meetings being held by the Associated Women Students’ orientation committee. It will be held in the large lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Committee Sets Up Requirements Although it was originally announced that the coeds must attend all three meetings to be eligible, those who did not attend the first one may become counselors by atteiuiing the next two meetings. Other requirements for counselors as ruled by the AWS office are as follows, have a 3.5 accumul.ative index; assume the responsibility of helping counselecs adjust to the new life of college; and realize that soroi ity rush has no place in the counseling program either in correspondence or in personal contact. Mrs. McCarn To Speak At the first meeting four of this gear’s fieshman eoimselee’s ^ prqsenled Lheir ideas on the needs of new coeds and Mary Lou Laswelt gave hei version of what a counselor gets from Uio experience. At the final meeting, Mrs. Davis Q, McCarn, Counselor for Women, Northwestern Univei-sity, will talk on “What Coiuiselors Can Do TPu Help New Students with Problems.”
r m
!• ' 2 nM " V
f " ^ i I r i P’1 ^
i ») ^ * !,v#< •‘'5‘- ^ ’ ** ->k
i ,u ’»?r *;■"'"( A# f.f^ » ■>i p'
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page
Tuesday, April 14, 1942
^ le^ jfhKh^
Purdue ExpoheM Ali-American 1940-'41
Offices Eo'itorial and Business, Purdue Memorrai Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial iPhone After 10 p m , 5377
Jiditoi in Chief News Editor Manniritn. Editor Bnsinoos MiniKcr tircHtoliin Minaircr Coed Editor
John F Aittas Don T Brophv John H Armatronc William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatficld
* Publication Staff 1 Associate Editors Editorial Staff R \\ R v 1 T) h R it? W C Hoskins A P Hoi tel LI AN Del Hr W L R if rt Sports Staff D 1 1 r i I S D-i % i L L Karpick R AV KricEcr Coed Staff Solis Beall Cli rl tte His Jen Lauer Dons Pickcrma
Business Staff
Coed Business Manaprer Juli Moitn Adeerlrsinpi Managers J M AVnpht D L Johns Eireulation Manager ( H Kleiiman Accounts Manager Trcna Toi r np i Junior Coed Managers Lllcn ClniK T ne Kcina
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Hoskuib Dav Editor Beall Issue Editor Vermilion Sports Editor Brewer Reporters Thon p oi 11 himi Ritg Althcrr Carroll Fro mm
Entered as second class matter at the post oitice in L,aiay ette Indiana under {ne act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October S 1017 authorised January 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and trfeklv during the summer Session Delivered locally by car ner tor $3 oO per year mail subscriptions $1 00
Represented for national adiertising by National Advertis mg Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ase New York N Y
<^VttSliKTOM MERRY-QO-ROUMR
By Drew Pearson and Robert' S. Allen
Citizens Criticize Maritime Commission For Resistance To Independent Enterprise
(Editors Note The folloiving is another ar tide in the senes on the ciucial L S shipping situation )
PE 12 (Revised) grin and bear it
WASHINGTON Apnl lo—One of the chiel cut icisms insideis n akc agiinst the Mantime Commis Sion IS its lesistancc to independent imtuitivc and ideas The Tiuman Committee has t big stack of complaints fiom enttipnsing bus ness men eagei to nsk then OAtn moneA to build ships but unible to gel a bleak fiom the Comm sion A giaphic illustiation oi the hide bound attitude peimeatmg the Commiss on is the case oi the West Stanislaus Count Calii beingioAAeis Mihtaiy and civilian Avai ehieis eonsidei it Altai that CACij one on the home iiont be mule to feel that he is plajnie, a diicet ind pci sonal pait in the AAai effoit EaciJ v\ai igencj spcncs much time ind 0/1011 dcAising AAaAs of stimulating this spiiit of patnotic paiticip ition Without anj spuning iiom Washington the patn otic bean gioAvtis oi West Stcnislaus County figuied out a plan to make i peiaon il conliibution to the a\ ii pi eduction piogiam So the a wiote i lettci to the Miiuimc Commis ion sua n \ou need scrap steel lor ships apd aac faim ers need an outlet for an overAv helming desire to help our tountrA We don t want to sell our scrap to junk dealers We don t want am one to make anj mouei on it We want to gne it to the gOA Vrpinent We are it^dA lo make i countrj w.ide driAC to collect everA a\ailable. pound ot scrap W e can promise lo eolleet t lough strap to build a slup and we will dtlner it to a mill and the mill Qan mail a check—earmaiktd as a contribution for ino»‘e ships—to ttie L S IreasurA Weie coopeiatuig in the Food loi Vietui\ Pio giam AAcie oiganued on Civili n Defense but what AAe leally AAant to do is to f,et in on the offense The lesponse to this stiiun„ patnotic oftci a\ is a polite bucket of cold a\ itci In a lettei to the laimeis Re u Admiial Howaid L \ickeij vice thauman oi tlW Muitimc Commis Sion gave a numbci ol picajune leasons A\hy the sciap offei could not be leeepted Theie wasn t one ol these minoi objections that couldn t have betn tasih overcome—had the Commission icillj wanted to bestn itself But the bean giovvci plan would have icquucd a little initiative on the Commissions pait so the Commission passed the buck Viekeij advised the laimeis to get in touch with the Dcpaitmeiit ot Ag ricultaie s Countv W ai Boaid Chaiiman who is ia miliai with the proeeduie to follow —that n to tuin the sciap ovei to a commeieial dcalci • Significant Primary The most significant piimaiA election since Peail Haiboi tal cs place in Illinois todaj foi the Senatoiial spit now pieeaiiouslv held bj the Chic igo Tiibunes ‘Charlie MeCaithj Scnatoi Wavland (CuileA) Bioeks Biooks, a Republican is up foi renomination gn Ins own paitv ticket but because of the eontiovei sial atmosphcie about his political mentoi Col Bei tie McCouniek even with the advantage oi being in hr lb not eonsideicd a sure bet toi lenonnn i 1)011 On the Ueraoeratie side lioAievei is the teal race There a Quaker piofessoi Irom the Lnner sil\ of Chicago Paul Douglas has challenged the ta,ndidate of tl\e Kellj Nash mathine Con gressman Uaimond McKeough and much to the surprise of CAeiAout has picked up amazing strength It nominated he s(,tms prettv sure to beat out the Cuiltj Brooks Chicago Tiibuit fombination lloweier the Ktlh Nash or„aiii/a flOB has plaved signifieantlA close to the 1 rib une in the past so it is doubtful that the smooth 1> greased wards ot Ktlh Nash lu ( hieago will let I'lotessor Douglas get the Dtmotralit nowtnation If they do howcAci lilmois will haAc r ital Sen atoi in Waslington in lead o i Cl iilie taithv • Wanted, Hoarders |lej(. s a thanee toi jo i to do some ! oiidin„ that viH make a leal contribution to the w u dloU The Goveiinnent Avants aou whellKi \ou an a big Ol little tonKumei to stait lav mg m next wmte s coal supply now lln object js to c ise tin tiansiioi
The best gi ipe coiuse in the Umveisity has been leoiganized We have been hearing rumoi to this effect toi the past couple of A\ eeks but today we got a schedule of classes foi the summei semester and found out foi sine The netv PE 12 schedule calls foi eniollment of all men Avho are above the lank of fieshraen including those who aie taking advanced ROTC This step on the pait of the Univeistty follows the lead of many of the Unversities in the countiy which have incieased physical education requiiements and now requne fiom thiee to ten houis of active athletics pei week The new plan will call foi three one-houi classes each week instead of the piesent twohour class and one-houi of outside activity The leorganization should to a great extent obliterate the cause for most of the giousing which has been so prevalent since the oigamzation of the course ovei a yeai ago The feeling has always been that it was rathei difiicult to become “physically piepared’ by a concentrated athletic piogiam one day a week We admit this new program will be a little inconvenient, especially foi those of us whose classes aie far from the Fieldhouse byt the inconvenience should be moie than compensated foi by the mci eased value of the couise The second brg complaint of the aveiage student about the PE 12 class has been that people who offer even a mediocie excuse to the Health Seivice have been excused fiom the couise Whethei oi not this complaint will be lemedied is yet to be seen With many moie men taking the couise the condition may be easily aggiavated With the concent!ated scholastic piogiam now in opeiation at Puidue the need foi ac tiv'e lecieation is gieatei than evei We feel that this need completely shadows the “pre paredness” idea which was the leason foi in stituting the coiuse Foi this leason we teel that the complaint “why should a man be ex empted from PE 12 because he got a C oi D on his entiance phj sical exam, is jutified The man took othci PE courses and undoubtedly needs the lecieation as badlj as the lest ot the students We aie not advocating PE 12 ioi people who aie ciippled oi otheiwisc unable to woik with the lest of the class but we aie ceiiainly in fav Ol ot it toi those who squeezed out oi militaiA tiaunng because of some mmoi dc feet, because thev vv^eie on an athletic team at the time oi simplj because they could pei sLiadc the Health Scivice thej didn’t want it
By LiclHy
tation strain A\hcn coki vaciUili ictuins AlIso it vaill cnsuic iclcqu itc coil supplies lot a\ ii iiulustiicb Aihich will ic louing it peak levels then Unlike othei houdiiij, living in i stock ot coil IS a rcil patnotic let so ’’i hovvevei the iespon''e tiom industiA ind hoU'^eholdLi s his been veij tepid Authoiitieb vA un that unless coil puiehises ineieabe ippicciibly soon di istic puoiitj meisuies will have lo be tal en tp iv ei t i eo il shoi t lee ind i itioning next w inie ® Sneak TVA Attack Ihere is i lot bene ith the surf ice )1 Stnuoi Ken neth MeKell 11 s bill p oviding the,! 1\A tui ivei it'- power leeeipts to the liei^uiv It en leted this meibuie would put the rennesseai in i position to torpedo the whole IVA progiam which he has come to hate with a bcething tuiv TVA would be compelled to go to Connies toi 11 its opei iting tunds and with McKellai oeeupj iiig the diivei b beat ol the poweriul Senile Appropriations Committee he a ould be ible to vAield i inuideKiis ixe on IVA McKellai s undeieover manmvtis to „ieist the skids foi hib bill have brought to light the t let that he is getting sub rosa aid in his anti Vdministration attack tioiii benatoi Cotton Rd Smith ol South Ciiohna New Deal hating eh nr man of the \gricultuiL Committee to which the bill was lefcrrtd lo considti McKell u s bill Smith a] poi ted ul committee eonsibting oi Sinaloi John B ud he id ot Alabam i ehaumin and anti New De il Senatois Gcoige Aiken ot Vermont ind Vi illian ( Siknt Bill ) Billow ol South Dal oti Vlbo all this was done \ hen Senator Geor e No iis 1 ilhc ol the IVA and i n cm her oi tlie Agneultuie t omnnttee vv is li sei t No^iib omibsion obvioublj w is to pievent !iim liom fightuif, McKellai s sehemc Fuithe wh n i cltil in Noirib office c lUed the Agneultuie Committie to inciuiie about heai in„s on 11 e bill she was told non h id jet bten scheduled At uallv 21 horns beioit Non is eletsk e riled the heannf,s had alieidj been set loi the lollow ng Alon d lA (Copj i^ht Id 12 b\ C lilted 1 e iLui t S\ndieitt lie)
UiiiAnsitA oi Tex IS phaim leisls ue studj in n etluds oi gi ja i g bant tinj. and eunng t rstilia Malva i 1 eA\ medicine that is o peeled to ie\olu tionizr tieatinent oi wounds rn w utime
More than 5 000 students signed up for w u ti un in^ or wai ini rrniation il eourses ofieied bj the Ui i Msmt\ ot Miel igan this emestci
1 amt we niav undeistuid is no srui test oi iiunt but onlv I piobalnlitv of such—Ihomas Cailvlc
Scriveilers AlilMe Election Of Neifi Officers
•fit
9 45 10 00
I know nothing about gaiciening, but I suppose there’s as much m it to brag about as there is in golf
University Calendar
Tuesday, April 14
1 00 I M-
—Coed I xltnipoi iiicons Read
mg Coi t exl
Room 301 Univ Hall
1 00 P hi -
- \li)hi /ct i Speech Piclim )
111 11 ICS
Room 261, U non
1 00 PTI -
- V I M L Meeting
Room 302, ChE Bldg
i 00 P M
—C m rittee oil St lie ot
L ii\eisit\
Room 263 Union
u 00 P M -
—(. 1 in m n puiKtri ition iiicl
Spell ng 1 csls
Room 101 Ediic Bldg
r 00 I AI
Iv ip 1 r P i Inuirlion
Old Chebtnnt Room
Union
( lo P ^
Bo i (1 ot Tiu^-lees
Room 3 52 Union
( 0 1 Y-
-Sc hi aid nd B1 le Binquoi
\\ cst Facultj Lounge
Union
"•III
10 1 1 of 11 i^U a Meeting
Room 304 Union
10 P M
C mi 1 i C hib Meeting
Kootn 302 Union
7 0 P A
—1 11 hie Un \ Clih Meeting
Smith Hall
"■ U 1 H
(i 11 11 Seiciici. Ol D ini’'ition
Room jO Union
"Oil
k U P Vloeti ig
Ei‘»t Frculty Loung
Union
"• 0 PM
\h 1 i / f i ipeechj.r onte t
Room 163 Union
"• 0 1 M
—PI \ pi he M i e 'Vnim il
1 lui lowlci Hall
SO) P ^I
- Oldei 1 out 1 Meeting
Towel Union
TTJESPAY News “English History” with Prof V L Albjeig News Morning Matinge Pan-American Day Program Pty^efue News News AgricvtltuBal Forum Megt the Band Nevys Parents’ Forum Souvenirs Script Matikets New3 Stojy a Day best We Fotget Virginia UUey—singer Treasure Chest Nevvs Music Afternoon Melodies Musical Round Up New s Tea Time Tunes Heard in the Hallway Meet Your Navy The Cuiio Man Music News Just Relax Employment Seivice Vtspeib Little Miss Muffett News Dinner Horn Sports Review Blood Bank Mi D 0 Fan cl News Religious Di un i Carolyn Wood—singei Music News Piogicbs of Purdue Eventide Echoes News Musicana News Off the All
Scrivener Qub, campus writing honor aiy, announces the electioit pf fifie following officers^ Ruth, %ay, president, Ellen Searight, vjc;^, press idcnt, Pranklyn Levin, trea^ureh Jnd Geneive Husted, secretary Q%eis wrU he ri\statled„faric^ pledging services for newuuemhpi? will he held tonight at iq room ?GS of the Union Following rth? plodguig Sarajh Janp Murfey ,.wrl^ read Ma«,wejl 4p4©ison’p pew pl,^, “Candle in th® Wmd,” whmh currently tqurrpg the country atariujg Helen upyoa Guests have been m vited to attend
t ^TTi n COMPANIEJS SCHEDUUDD TO VISIT CAMPUS
U S. Naval Ordnance LpbiCiratoiry, Washington, D C—ME, EU, ^cjepoe with Physicist Qptiop, ,yMr Moore will return to the campus sometime next week if a sufficient nunibet sign up Please sign m Personnel Office by 4pm, Tuesday, Apnl 14 Douglas Aircraft Santa Monica, Calii M E intercbtcd m aircraft in dustiy on west coast Sign m Pgi sonnel Office by Thursday, April 16
UBARN TO DANCE % CORRECTLY BY ENROt-LINQ IN OUR BEOINNRR'S CLA%$ TONIGHT, 7:30 P. M, NEW ADVANCED CLASS WED, APRIL 15,7:00 P. M. Phone 2150
ALLEN 6«h and Feicry
P4TROM/I FXPONKNl ADVERTISERS
MAM
Everything for a College Education DEAL’S
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
inmefff
\ TODAY - WEDNESDAY GAY, romantic COMEOY'
N NEW
M
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE SUPER SHOCK SHOW that has the whole tov<U shryering!
PLUS
A MODERN lEKYLL AND HYDE! EDWARD NORRIS
MAN WITH TWO LIVES
the purdue ([Exponent
with SABU • JOSEPH CALLEIA.JOHN QUALEN.FRANK PUGLIA• ROSEMARY DE CAMP.PATRICIA 0 R0UfiH£»RALPH BYRD
April 14, 1942 Dear Student: To those oT you who v/ill not be here this summer this letter is particularly addressed.
— Feature Starts at — 1 57 4 29 7 01 9 33
TODAY WED Merle Oberon in her greatest tii umph as Lydia the woman whol knows all about
2 HITS
PLUS
SHIMEY TEMRLE
with
HERBER1 LARAINE
mmkib MY
GAIL
FELIX
PATRICK • BRESSART
You are facing four months of isolation from Purdue. Pour months in which your only corifespondence may be a note from^a friend written in some class
or or a notification from the Registrar that you can register in the fall. - - - Dismal outlook
isn't it*?
But ! Your troubles are solved for you already, solved by a peculiar organisation on the campus that puts out a paper every morning—whether it gets delivered or not. They are prepared to send yju the Summer EXPONENT for^f-l.SO—the price'of used text book.
I don't think I'll try to fell you how much you'll
the University. Just
enjoy keeping in touch wix
sit back and think—don't yiki want to read The
Fiat JO pretty bad’ )
Tae ji^e^t Desk can hind] e Vour subscription or better still arop down the EXPONENT office
after 4:00. /
You want to sd do it. Don't put it ofi till next V eek. Sincerely yours,
G M J<L
Ass't, Cmc, Mgr.
P.S.; Don't worry about delivery—the jnailing list alivavs goes out. If your address should change, a card to us will change it hero the day it is received.
GHK/KKGf V
4-
oPurdue Exponent ..SPORTS.*
Tuesclay, April 14, 1942
Irisil Trounce Riveters, 12-1
SfUlCtkm^ SpO^dA, Illinois Track Team
Hopes For Another Drake Relays Title
Now They Stand f With collegiate diamond teams well on thfi load (some to suc(?ess) Coach Dutch Pehimg’s ball club has at 199 times at bat ^gainst St Joe, Wabash, Western Illinois, and Notie Dame, chalked up 207 batting average plus oi minus slide lule exioi rish Re-Hash The Boilermakers aren’t the only lained out ball club Notie Dame’s $ard, scheduled to stait ovei a week ago, was pushed back i week by jyet weath®i( yesteiday’s contest being hist Bill Stewait, util ility light heldei foi the lush, is the son of Bill Stewait big-time ujnpiie of National League fame Capt Beinie Cummins, lush catcher, IS an All-American guaid on the Notre Dame eleven has earned monogiam from thicc giidiion positions as well as in baseball
ode Bali
Getting back to the Gold and Black Chief M L Clevett is woi^led a little about wheie he is going to piocure home lubbei balls foi bis intiamuial spoit, “Code Ball,” due to be staited soon Originated by Dr Wm E Code of Chicago, who is a bug on the subject, the game calls foi lubber balls, about six inches lound to be kicked over a couise, teid off like a golf links
Priorities
Chief figuied on a 14 hole couise noithwest of the Picldhouse jand already ifitiariiuial ofhcials have been piaeticing up but the department’s oidei foi three dozen Code balls is not being lecognized , no lubbei so now about the only thing Chief can do is go to ^he dime stoie and see what he can find The Coming Thing . aiPd he is going to do just that populai demand foi the new sport IS gieat, and if eveiything voiks out Code Ball will soon be a live past-time on thjs campus 6ff The Record unofficially Beta Theta Pi is leading Sigma Chi, 445 435 in the lace foi the fiateinity paiticipation ti ophy in Campus athletics with the Phi Delts and Sig Eps close behind down at Bloomington Indi ana’s athletic diiectoi stated in letcienee to I U s new conpulsoiy P E , “men and students engaged in the piogiam have displayed i highly pleasing and gratifying attitude have shown oui instiuetois splen did coopeiation ’ You figuie it out
Colorado School of Mines Sufnmer Session Jyff B-Sept 2 Engineeriitg Courses May Be Completed Equivalent to Half a Semester^s JVor Chcmibti), Civil lletlnril Mcelnnicil Peuolcum rnginceiing DcsciipUvc GcomeU^ 1 ugiuccung Di iw mg 1 conoiuics tiiglish Geologj MatheinUits Mining Phssics MeUlUng\ Also Field Coinscs in Geolog) Melilhng) Mining Fctiolenin M i\ 2i to Jul) 3 and lime Simcymg Ma) to July 3 and July 27 to Sept 5 loi fuithei infoiniition ivrite Directoi of the Summer Session .. Colorado School of Mines, Golden, Colo
Des Moines, la , April 14—Claim mg victolies in the eight of 10 in dividual events held in the Diake Relays foi many yeais, Illinois’ track team, which boasts 18 individual victoiies, will be gunning foi moie cindei lauiels at the 1942 Relays, to be held heie Apiil 24 and
25
Wm All But Two
Failing to cop fiist m only th.e 440 yd huidles and the two mile lun since entering the Drake Re lays, Illinois has outstiipped sec ond place Nebiaska by foui vic tones m individual competition Kansas posted 12 victories, Wisconsin has nine, and Oklahoma and Iowa have eight apiece Of the SIX leading teams, thiee— Illinois, Wisconsin and Iowa—ai;e fiom the Big Ten, and thiee—Okla homa, Kansas, and Nebiaska—aie membeis of the Big Six conleience
Ilhni Set Recoid
The fiist Illinois tiiumph vent to Haiold Obboine who leaped 6 It 6 m to wm the high jump in 1922 That leeoid, the oldest m
Diake books, still stands Latest of 3,^ ^eii meet at Chicago, Ray
Illini to wm was Ken Diefenthalei also a high jumpei who claimed
titles m 1938 and 1939
Champs Feted Coach Claude Reeck s Big Ten wrestling champs weie leted at i chicken cimnei banquet it the Lm eolii Lodge last night as University athletic officials gatheicd to honoi
the now title holdeis
Coach Rceck was pi eseiited a ’iige iictoiv blanket by Casey Ficdeiicks „iaduatmg eaptam and the two gave shoit speeehes to the gioup No captain was named foi next jeai due to imceitam condi
tion
The following teams will play baseball Tuesday, Apiil 14, at 4 15
Diamond
1
Track Squad Prepares For Meet At iHinois For the first time in over a week the Riveter trackmen were able to get on the Stadium oval to practice for their forthcoming meets, the next one of which is scheduled for Saturday afternoon at 2 p m at Champaign, Illinois At that time the Bofieimakeis , . ,
will engage the Ilhm, the Norjjh-
western Wildcats and possibly the IM Schedules
Wisconsin Badgers Usually the squad tiies to woik out on the cmder oval but because of the adverse weather conditions the men have been conditioning on the track just
outside the Stadium path
Last evening. Coach Phillips not okly had the men working out, but also had a pep meeting foi them With this coming meet Satuiday, eveiy available tiack man will have
to be in the best of condition
Illinois Favoied
Illinois will bo the favoiite m the coming meet The Ilhm finished thud in the Big Ten conipetition, this wmtei ovei the Wildcats, Badgeis, and Riveters Though the II Imi have not had an outdoor meet thus fai this season, they still have enough powei from then winter squad to be ranked among the toughest outdoor tiack teams m the
Western Confeience
One of Illinois’ outstanding men IS Ray bum who bums up the track in the mile Though Jentsch of the Boileimakeis baiely beat him
Hotre Etame Hitters Pound Out 14 Hits; Dominate Diamond Play By Don Brewer Collectmg a total of 14 hits off three Boilermaker pitchers, Notre Dame’s baseball club swept to an easy 12-3 victoiy on Ross-Ade field yesterday afternoon A mere handful ef fans braved threatening weather to watch Coach Fehnug's nine play the twice-postponed game It was George Sobek, second baseman and lead-off man for the Irish, who sparked the win, scoring three runs on three hits at five times up to bat. Johnny
10
bum IS still rated one of the best mileis m the Big Ten Illinois has two outstanding broad jumpers al
so
Kellej Outstanding Runner Besides these men the Illim have
good quaitei mileis One of whom IS Kelley by name The othei teams that arc entered should not give the Boileimakeis a whole lot of tiouble, accoidmg to Coach Phillips It is a question at the piesent whether the Badgcis will take pait in the
meet 01 not
The Riveteis will be helped if the Badgeis do enter the event Since Wisconsin is strong in the field events, they can take some firsts avav fiom the Illmi and thus help
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Waid 21 vs Ward 27 Waid 8 vs Wal'd 33 Ward 5 vs Ward 3 Ward 25 vs Ward 36 Ward 24 vs Waid 28
Pi Kappa Sigma vs Beta
Sigma Psi
Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi
Kappa Tau
Pi Kappa Phi vs Pi Kappa
Alpha
Sigma Alpha Mu v4 Lambda
Chi Alpha
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs
Phi Kappa
The following fraternities will play tennis “A” doubles at 4 o’clock Tuesday afternoon
Court
Alpha Sigma Phi vs Sigma Pi 1
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 2 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Tau Delta 3
Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa Tau 4
Phi Sigma Kappa vs Kappa Sigma 5
Sigma Chi vs Alpha Tau Omega 6 Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta Chi 11
Tau Epsilon Phi vs Delta Upsilon 12 Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 13
Acacia vs Pi Kappa Phi 14 Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Xi 15
the Boileimakeis, who are weak in these events It was the field events which lost tire Riveters the Little Brown Jpg Running Events Stiong In the running events at Michigan State last Saturday the Riveteis took «even of the nine races In the field events discus, shot, pole vault, and high jump, however, the Boileimakeis ^weie beaten badly Thus through these event? the Riveteis were beaten by the Spartans
Link Men Condition For Notre Dame Match Sunday Coach-Hairy Allspaw’s golf squad IS working out Rightly to get in condition foi then matching with Notre Dame, this coming Saturday at Soufh Bend This yeai’s team should be lathei stiong as six let teimen have returned fiom last yeai’s team Six Return Five seniors and ope junior com pose the letuimng delegation The seniors are Captain Tuinei Cun an, Wade Kmpp, George Dahl, Doug las McDaniel, and David Dittniei Rogei Schutt IS the junior letter man Dahl, who hails from Indian apolis IS the defending state golf titlist These notables aie backed by Fred Kioft, a senior and a pair of sophomores, Charles Abeinethy and Chailes Amswoith The schedule for this year is com posed of seven dual meets and com petition in the Big Ten and National Intercollegiate tournaments The complete schedule is as follows Apiil 18—^Purdue at Notie Dame April 20—Northwestern here April 25—Purdue at Ohio State April 27—Detroit, here May 2—Michigan hei e May 9—Indiana, here May 16—Michigan State, heie May 18 19—^Big Ten Meet at Ann Arbor Flying Club announces the election of the following officeis Robert P Crow president, Maurice B Beinhaid vice president,. Robert G Scelze, tieasiuei and Faith Wayne secie taiy
There’s satisfaction in knowing that the revenue tax you pay on every pack of twenty cigarettes is doing its bit for Uncle Sam And Chesterfield’s superior blend of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos has everything it takes to satisfy a smoker. It gives you a smoke that is definitely milder, far cooler and lots BETTER-TASTING. Get yourself a pack of Chesterfields today. Smoke the cigarette that satisfies.
CHESTERFIELDS follow the flog On every front you’ll find them giving our fighting men more pleasure with their milder, better taste
RUTH HAVILAND und SUSAN CLARKE, of the Women Flyers of America With the alert young women flyers of America who are doing their part in the National Defense picture its Chesterfield They Satisfy
On tHS/\fATioN'^ Promt _ M Chesterfiel
His name was Macduff And he felt very tough, But it wasn’t his liver, Or his Model-T flivver That caused him to huff and to puff! It seems he went buying Spent all his time trying To keep from losing his roll— But the story is sad — He spent all he had— And landed himself in the hole! But the EXPONENT came to the rescue With bargains worth looking into. So the ending is gay We’re happy to say. And Macduff no longer feels tough! SUBSCRIBE NOW! PURDUE EXPONENT
Tallett, fiist saeker, also ran across thiee runs, and tallied three hits, at five times up Irish Begin In Third Pitcher Walt Leifheit kept the Notre Dame squad well in hand dining the fiist two frames of yesteidays contest, however in the thud inning Frank Sanfilhppo lead off with a single to light and was sacrificed to second by John Metzger, Irish pitcher Sobek drove Sanfilhppo home and two more lush hits rang up the second Notre Dame run Boilermakei batters failed to show Up against Notie Dame’s Metzgei and throughout eight innings of play they garnered only two slim hits, once in the fourth when Walt Leifheit pounded a grounder to center, but was left on second aftei a fielder’s choice, and the athei when George Buighaidt singled to center and was left standing on
first
Four In Seventh Seventh inning hostilities, with the Irish at bat, and Tony Berto pitching piactically turned into a lout as Sobek and Hiller scored on a single to light field by Andy Chlebeck who m turn raced aeross ifter John Tallett doubled to right Tallet accounted for the fourth Notie Dame lun of the inning, but the lush were letued after Gore hit into a double play Second baseman McFeiren broke down in the ninth inning, committing three eiiois Claseman entered the Same foi Beito on the mound The lush gained thiee runs, via one hit as the fast slipped Gold and Black nine failed to check the
victors
Walton Hits Homer Most of the Boilei makei fans had left the bleachei=i in the la«t half of the ninth, when, with two already away. Rush on second, and Friend on fiist. Coach Dutch Fehung sent Woody Walton ie=-erve catcher, in to pitch hit foi Call Hipp right fielder With the coimt against him, Walton lined a home run deep into light field and slid into home plate behind Rush and Friend Walton s impressive hitting spurred the Riveter nine, but Bmgh,jidt and Smith, walked by Metzgei, were left on as Bakei, hitting for Claseman flied to left field for the thud out
Summary
Notre Dame (12) AB R H PO A F
Sobek 2b
Carlin 3b
Hiller rf
Chlebeck cf
Tilkt lb
Cummins c
Gore bs
S tnfilhppo If MetZLtr p
3 3 3
0 2 2 4
Fgt ll& Purdue (3) W Bur^hardt ss McFerrcn 2b Younj, 3b Ker t cf Kush It ■^riend If cl Hipp rt Walt n c G Burt-haidt lb Smith c Leifheit Bert I Claseman p Bakei p Totals
0 0
'>11100 4 2 3 1 0 0 0 3 3 9 0 I 10 1 10 0 4 0 1 4 5 0 4 3 0 3 0 0 4 0 0 0 1 0 41 12 14 2^ 12 1 AB H R PO A ET
0 0 2 6 0
0 0
6 T 2 1
3 0 0 2 ^ 0 0 1 110 1
3 111-, ’ 0 0 1 0 b
D
1 fr
0 0
1 e 0 113 0
1110 0 S 0 1 13 0
0 0 0 0 0 0 30 3 4 27 18 4
Seniors' ponent'
Subscribe to the E\-
Wrttefor chart pietttring 18 hcautifUt styles. It describes advumuutaa of MARVELOUS PATEMTPnLtit Wm 0«muth & Co-> tme,, |V.
■ .^£>1 Itif I
'I'H'
#1Burt Ford Wins SfMtech 14 Contest Winneis of the Speech 14 con test finah held last T^lesda^ in Eliza Tow lei Hall neie announced v^sterda> by the speech depai t ment Top honois weie taken by Burt Fold, who spoke on the need and installation of effectne tamo flange foi industiial plants as pio thction fioin bombing laids m time of war John \\oollinc won second place With a speech on the need ol in Cl eased cfficicncc in the factoi\ B Clnike Kenneth Buxton ind Jack Songei placed thud fouilli, and fifth respectivcli
Seaburg To Address CiV/7 Service Calls ASCE Group Thursday Chemists,
Bookkeepers
Harding
(Continued from page 1) United States Onh last week he attended the Mid West Powti Con fercncc m Chicago and was in To ledo confciiing on imiioitant tn ginecring pioiects Served On SI’EE The dead cduntoi hid filled mam impoitant positions m com mu-niti state and nation m learned societies He had seieed as national vice piesident of Societv foi the Piomotion of Engmeeiine pduea tion as piesidcnt of the Indian i Enginceiing Societv as vice piesi dent of the Ameiican Institute of Electiical Engmeeis as vice piesi dent of the Aniei ican Association of Univeisitv ^’lofessois as piesi dent of the Puidue chaptei ol Sigma Xi honoiaiv leseaieh tia teiniU and as piesidcnt of tin La fajettc Rotaiv Club He also had been identified with nlan^ loeil eivic piojects He was also a mem bei of Tail Beta Pi Et i Kapp i Nu honoran oiganizations and ol Alpha Tail Omega social li i tfemitv Wrote Several Texts Dr Harding was the luthoi oJ several text books meludiiig Elec trical Railway En-,ineeiin^ in 1911 loint authoi ol I eg il ind Ethical Phases ol rn^ineeiiiv and sole authoi ol Business Ad ministration of Engmeeis in 19^7 He also had wiitten mam ai tides for technical magazines is vvcll as numerous Unneisitv bulletins Besides all these duties he had served on mam committees ol n i tional organizations and was a Ic id Cl in manj oigani/ations uid gioups \ided Development of M B \ \ During the veais he hid been active m development of WBAA Univcisitv bioadeastiiij, station serving fiist as diieetoi ol the st i tion and then as chan man ol tin committee in chaige of the ndio a post he lelinquished i few jeais ago to lighten his univeisiti duties Suiwiving him aie his widow i son Capt C Piaiicis Haiding Ji who IS on dutv with the Aiiny An Corps at Miami Beach Fla a daughtei Mis L A Wood Ii ol Indianapolis and a halt sl^tel Miss Julia Batcheldei of the laeulti of Wellesley College Theie ue foui graiid-childien He was a membci ol Centi il Piesbyterian Chuich ind a foimei elder of the ehuich Funeial aiiangements had not been made jc'-teidai evening but the body was le moved to the Tern pleton Funeial Home in Lafa5ette
Annual mint banquet of the Uni veisity and Rose Poll technic Insti tute student chipteis ind the Iiidi ana Section of the Ameiican Soci etv of Civil Lngmecis will be held this Thuisdiv evening at (5 pm in the Union Geoige 1 Seiliuii secietaiv of the Societl will bo the piineipal spe ikei at the banquet which a luge numbei of pi ictieing engi nee IS iic expected to ittcnd Se i buiv has seived is secictiiy of tin ASCI since 19i5 As a lepiesenta tne of the Soeieti In has assisted in engineeiiim activities connected with speeding up pioduetion and pioviding foi housing and tianspoi tition of aimed foicts and then supplies Dr. Alma Long Will Give Lecture Thursday Di \]ma Long of the division of education ind applied p&icliologj will ^ive a lectin t demonstiation on ilil modeling uul sculptuie at an open meeting of the Student Ait Ciinld at 8 16 Thiiisdai evening in the west leeeption loom ol the Un
ion
She will demonsli ite m vvatei ela\ V inous tiehniques foi model ing the hum in head to show chii icteiistns of sex ige and nee Di Long pi letieis seulptine only IS i hobbi although hei woil his been shown in schools and exhibits in Gi ind R ipids Miih f incinn iti Ohio ind in othei cities i the Mid west Ilei piofession is tc lehlllg ind ^lei only ti unin^ m sciliituie w IS bit lined dm in i thiee monti jitiiod it the C ind I ipulsAilC. il
lei V
Alumni Aid Development Of Rubber Plantations Homei G Pe i e A.g 25, ind Bo t^oith MI 26 lie in Bi i/il South Ainenc i iiding in the development
of lubbei 111 ml iti( iis
Pi 101 to the South Ame le m ven tine both men siient i tot il of thiee veils m Libtni West A.fiita m ehaige of the i ubbei pi mtations winch thci stilted ioi the Iiie stone Tile uul Rubbii Comp my in
th it disti let
The Civil Seivice Commission is seeking lunioi chemists and senioi book keeping machine opeiatois foi the Fedeial Seivice Women espe eially aie luged to apply loi the position of lunioi chemist, paying $2, 000 pel yeai Completion of a 4 year college com se with 30 scmestei houis of ehcmistiy is lequned Senioi students may apply and aie eligible foi piovisional appoint ment piioi to then giaduation, if thei will complete the pieseiibcd couibc within foul months of the date of application \pplications Piled In Washington Applications must be filed with the Civil Seivice Commission, Washington D C and will be ac eepted until the needs of the seiv lee have been met A. wiitten test will be given to book keeping opeiatoi ipplicants At least one leai ot piofessional ex peiience is lequiied foi application ioi this position Full infoiIllation may be obtained liom C P Smgley at the Post Of fiee in Lafayette
Scrivener
(Continued fiom page 1) fcied by Dean H E Endeis foi the best science essay and the second pii/c of $10 went to Mei'e E Biinkei licshman engmeei fiom Union C ty Honoiable mention wei t to J P Gomel sophomoie in agiieultuie fiom Fianklm Wiliam Macliiic in Indiana’ wiitten hi Eloisi Gui 1 lunioi in stienee liom West Lafayette won the fiist pn/( ot 1)10 offeied by E C Hoekema ind R B Stewaitfoi the best essays on Indiana histoii Second pi 171, ot $10 went to Mai th leuniee McHathe junioi in sci cnee iiom Claiton nnd honoiable nun lion to How aid W Shaip enioi 111 physical education oi La
iai i tie
In the special competition foi best lieshmm voeabulaiies which \\ IS sponsoi ed bi the G & C Moi nun Co ab idged dictionaiies weie aw 11 (led to lohn Cummins Kol omo Robeit Stiaith Ciiosse Point Mich ind K H Kiie^ei Louisville Kv all engmeeis An nnibiuRcd dietionaiy w is won by Ticva Divn West Latayette ticshmu in science Pi c sident Ldw aid C 1 lliott ictcd IS inastei of eeieuionies foi the sjieenl i idio lioideist while the letiial announcement ol the iwaids w IS nirde bi P ml 1 itoiit m chaigt of the coiite t loi the English dc
p 11 tment
.^.V^VWW'V'WVV^'VVW.WlWVWWV'VVVWVVWV'V.WVWWWWVWWWVVWi I Tempting Meats for Spring Menus | I The finest quality meats to make I
I your meals successful. City Meat and Poultry
j! Ferry Street (Opp Post Office) Phone 5372
>
Notices
Gold Peppers I’icnic i ostpoiicil Plans lire being made f ir having H Tuesdny April II Watch foi further developments
rouD
Registration Workers btudents who wish to work for the Registrar during the sum mor term registration May 4 nnd 6 are leuuested to mftke application at the Regis liai s office Those with previous exper icnio at logistration or in other clerical jobs arc tiveii prctcrenee —SI ONE fraternities All fraternities having 80 pciocht Debris sales among their members of the house please remit the stubs before IVeelneadav April 15 at the Debris business off CO in older to obtain a free Dthria —THLODOSE Catholic Students A number of btudciita ar wanted foi the Catholic summer camp fheso interested call 2601 —BROtM Glider Club "te.-tittg postponed until Ihursriay April 16 Election of officers will b held at this meeting —OASSLI Military Code Instruction Men who qual III d at C w p m or bettir and disire a cer tificaU to that effict bhotild contact It Ilurkliarl in Instructors Room of Armory —BUftKHAIir Town Girls Club Picnic bnlurday April zr at 3 30 p m in Happy Hollow Meet in West Eaeultv Lounge bilorc starting Please sign up at west desk m Union by Monday April 20 Bring 20 cents for food when vou sign up —GRAVES AbMI Members There will 11 a elosed meeting next Tuesday April 14 at 7 30 t m in MB, b iilding 207 Election of officers for 42 43 will be held at this me-eting Re fro hments will be served —TOPINKA Jr A Sr Mets Meetihg Tuesday April H 4pm in room 802 of the Met Building to deeiilc on A I M F queslion VSTAI KEY Tau Bela Pi formal initiation will he W di esday April Ij at " 15 p\n jprrum 730 of the Union —BRANNER Gold Peppers I icnie T U"sdnv Apiil 11 at 6 00 p m Meet at wpmeii s gym an 1 tiu 11 g( to the WAA ciil m In ease of ram th picnic willjbe held in the 11 Phi bum room PI ase notify either Gail Hennis I aith Il lync Becky Pervine or Barbara lord hi fore Mondav night if so 1 cannot go —FORD Alpha Phi Omega L A Rowles new «cnit executive of Tippecanoe Council will tall to students tonight at 30 in rot m il) of the Unim Actives and pledges an e\i eted to I e there SCHAI LIOL
Classified
Ads
Tvicwrilem AH ^ Mud i u all n ik s sol I r I t I I I r I jiflruFthic 1 Mime ih rl 1 ( T Lbeial o/I OOo Main
I afay IL I 1 c g 2 J
STUDENT HELP
Comfort and Security
WANTED
Away from Home
Complete board )ob ava labic for the summer term 4 00 scholas tic index requ red Apply G 0 Arbuckle Cary Hall South
HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Caie Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
, ..
Drink ice-cold Coca-Cola. Taste its delicious goodness. Enjoy the happy after-sense of refreshment it brings. By |ust this •xperience of complete refreshment, millions have come to wolcomethe quality of Coca-Cola —the quality of the real thing. tOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY , COCA COLA BOTTLING CO Stb and Solem’ Laiayette Indiana
You trust its quality
AWS Meet ip: (f duv April ir ft
exte itu Itoar 1 Wed 30 p m CROLL
Order of Military Merit OfTi^s will be elected at a picnic tomorrow nti p m Mem herb meet at Armory and transportation will be provubd Call J Goll 8035 before ( p m today if you intend to ko GOLL Horticulture Society Meetinir Wednib day April 15 in room 117 of the Hoiticul ture Building Movie on Insects will be shown It IB the last meetrng of the Bcmes ter nil members are urged to be present Refreshments will be served —BASS Dolphins Important meeting Wednesday April 16 at 4 pm in the rtcldhousc Prep nrationa for Galacndc —TRULCK Scabbard and Blade I ormal initiation (eremony at 4 16 t m today in the Aimory Banquet to follow m the west faculty lounge of the Union at b 30 p m Regulni O D shirts nmU b \Norn all members and pledges All memberb will be present —SULLIVAN PI Tnu Sigma Pledges Meeting Tuesday April 14 at 4 00 p m in Mf Hbuding loom All pledges must be i icaent GREGORY GiidCr Club Important meeting at >>0 p m Ihurfada^ April lb in room 304 of the Union Election of ofTieers vd! be held _ ..GREGORY Men Studenti) Those intcrLstccl in livihg 111 n student coopciativc hou»o this sura nur call 6418 _ —CARLSON Chi Epsilon Important muting in rend ing room of the Civil Building at 4 p m Tutsdaj April 14 —COHEN Marriage Course Meet at Loeb s main (l9or outside at 4 06 p m on the evenings as nsbii ned Tuesday April 14 Kuntz Buigot Wilson Bassett Bear Ember Os trandcr Phvllis Smith Murfiy Ernie Morehouse Munning Youkey Ribiits Wagner Hngemever Neisler Janet Morehouse Kin nidy Smith Ihomns 1 avvler Adams Mur
lav
Wednesday Ai nl 16 Rose Williams Buiude Kaplan I reeliind Hoter Wayman Albright Dense Elliott Jarvis Mailer Wolfe Towle Wellington Stamhnugh Sacksteder Chcrrintton Bennn Smulcvitz Birgmark Dawson Gregory lellons Attendance i compulsory for eredit Tritan Club Ballet practice at " 30 p m today instead of the meeting —BROWNE Alpha Lambda Della Meeting Tuesday April 11 at p m in room 232 ot the Un ion Next year s officers will be electeil Bring tea dance money There will be a guist speaker MaeDONALD Ag Ed Society Ag Ed Society will hold ig last meeting of this semester Thursday April 16 at 30 i m in room 303 of the Union Offieiis for next semester will he elected —STULTS All Students Stude nts who expect to change from one school wilhm the Univer sity to another at the end of the present semestel aie advis el to oht un the nece saiy blanks at once from the Registrar s of (Ice —STONE
Scabbard nnd Blade Pledfecs and Actives Formal initiation will he hold In the Ar moiv^ at 4 JO p m todnv Pledges bring e liqnn white hunderkcrchiefs No white shirts will he worn —SPENCER Pi lau Sigma Informal initiation at Theta Xi house Ihurselay April 10 at 7 30 p m All pledges must he present Actives espeeinlly juniois are urged to attend —CAFFEE
Reamer CIttb Meeting postponed dntit
— Will be In tootrt S04
-RUrPNER
Wednesday April IB of the Union al 7 16
Gold Pepper Pledges Compulsory mfccts ing Thursday April 16 In room 8015 of Ihd Union at 4 P m —SCAftPr Camera Cliili No mecttni( tonight ifteftt* Ing Tuesday Apiil 21 instead at 7 30 n (ne Watch for notice —^TRUEBtiOOD ^
Are You Ready For PROM? CHECK THE FOLLOWlNGj FOR CLEANLINESS and PRESSING
MEN V lails or Tux V Topcoat V Gloves V Uicss Shirt V Dress lie
GIRLS V Formal \/ Eveiling Coat V Gloves V Evening Bag \'' bhoes
If not iu perfect order dial 3085 DON’T LET THE LACK OF WELL GROOMING MAR YOUR GOOD TIME AMEIilCH LAUNDRY 132 Northwestern Avc.
AG Campus Bca( M ttinjr in Exponent ITict, Wtdi t da> April lo t 4 I pm I 1 a c 'itUnd BU t? Militarv Banquet Committee Mttt nj,. rh trs la> Ai ril lb at t i m n room ’0 f tIu Armoiy APRII
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
itv Book Store
Acronii From Uni n Red Simmoni *29 Doc Fppla 40
gtiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiik 1 Dr. A. M. Irion 1 I — dentist — I S 119 Vi Northwestern Av# g S Phone 4965 S iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilif
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
PROTECT . . . the woolens you have with CROWN CLEANING Every wool garment cleaned by Crown is protected against moth damage by the Monite Process. No extra charge for this clothes protection. I I
Top ol the Hill
NOTICE TO FRESHMEN
Some Summer Session Short Courses From May 4th until June 27th
Courses:— Mathematics 2 Chemistry 1 Engineering Drawing 12 English 31 Applied Mechanics 21 TUITION $31.00 For further information inquire of F. B. Knight, Director Summer Session; W. F. Knapp, Asst. Dean of Engr.; C. E. Dammon, Director of Admissions