4? ■'i f 'V t ^ ^ ^ ■> /
■Sfl i"' *! , Ti
tl
""'.Ji
\
\
N.
I EDITORIAL '’*''' \ Commends Service ^Aen^ Coeds On Canteen
MERRY-GOROOfft Encourages Industries To Back Scrap Drive
EstabUshedl889
Get a Date Tonight'
Volume 56, No. 63
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 5,1943
ASTP Students Will Arrive Here Next Week
Naval Fliers To Billet NeW ASTP Men Al Stewart Presents New Service Men To Enter
In Airport Barracks
In the middle of October the new Navy hangar which will house all the Navy Flight personnel training here will be completed at the University Airport. All Navy Air Corps men now
Will Quarter Coed Specialty Act In Ag Building ForState-WideTour
Basic^ Advanced Courses
Hangar at the University Airport in the process of construction
staying at the Union will be barracked at the airport and will receive their mealsi there. These arrangements will sever connections with the campus for
Masquerading as barracks for the new ASTP men, the Agiicultuial Engineer mg Building will be converted into housing quarters for 260 trained, according to the latest information received by H J Reed, Dean of Agriculture The four year old Ag Engineering Building, which is west of the horticultural gardens, will donate the large open room on the ground floor for bunks This room contains part of the large machinery, and was the scene of faculty fish frys in past years Study hall will be located on the second floor, south end On the thud floor, all of the new part will be used for study rooms, more dormitories, recreational rooms, and lounges, the" northwest corner of the first fioor and tool rooms will also be utilized Plans were first formulated to have the Home Economics Cafeteria feed the men, however, this did not work out, so they will probably eat at the Union
them as they may leave the airport only with special permis-
sion.
The hanger alone is three hundred feet long by one hundred feet wide, while along the south side there is a lean-to which runs the full
Senate To Sell Lost, Found Articles Soon
Visiting Engineers To See Laboratories, Inspect Equipment
Student Senate will hold a sale
length of the hangar. A lean-to of unclaimed lost and found articles is a permanent addition which gets Wednesday from 3-7 30 p m Thuisitg name from the sloping roof and day from 12 6 30 p m, October 13 its adjacency to the hangar Both and 14 in room 257 of the Union the hangar and the lean-to are of The Senate holds a sale on alternatbiick, which indicates that it is not mg semesters of such articles which just a,war-time project The field have been found in various buildand its equipment will be leturned mgs on the campus and have been intact to the University after the turned m to the Senate lost and war found service About 500 aitides. All planes now kept m the old including 60 scarves, 100 gloves, 15 hangar and some of the planes on felt hats and an assortment mcludthe field will be housed m the new mg nearly everything trom shoes to building, freeing the original han- militaiy belts and raincoats have gar for rapid repair work and the been collected and will be sold at ground school Navy fiyers will be about 35 per cent of then real value quartered on the second story of the Any buildings on campus which lean-to, while the fiist story will have aitides not collected should contain the offices and the cateteiia notify the Student Senate immedi-
V-6 cadets who are just arriving ately and the remainder ot the flight m-
stiuctois will be housed m the new building By the middle of December the last class of flight instructors will have giaduated, after which the school will be entirely V 5 elementary and intermediate flight
training
Cadets To Tram Here Three Months On September 28 the first group
of V-6 cadets arrived These men , ,, , , „ , , ,, , , , „ J.1 j special “coed hour which will be have undeigone four months of ^ a 4. k rru .i v
Red Cross Begins Special Coed Hour Thursday, 4-5 P.M.
Coeds interested m helping to fold Red Cross surgical dressings are urged to take advantage of the
Visiting engineers of the Central Indiana section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will tour the mechanical and aeronautical engmeeimg laboratories Thursday The afternoon’s program will include demonstrations, inspection of classroom equipment, and a visit to the airport Members from fourteen surrounding towns, as well as student members of the organization, will also be present at a dinner m the Home Economics Building that evening for the monthly business meeting Professor H A Bolz, secretary of the section, is m charge of plans for the evening Following the dinner. Professor Harry L Solberg, head of 'the School of Mechanical and Aero nautical Engineering, will introduce a series of four demonstrations' fiom the research laboratory These will include the measurement of high frequency pressures by J A Hardy, the application of electiical models to the solution of vibration problems by Dr C R Freberg, the shadow method of studying convective heat flow by Di W L Sibbitt, and stiess eiosion^in steels by J T Agnew
Twelve coeds outstanding in both voice and appearance have been chosen by Al Stewart, director of musical organizations, to make up a specialty group that will perform over the state and on the campus The girls will sing in a group, solo, sing duets, trios, two of the number dance They are being coached now by Stewart for their first appearance which will be with part of the glee club at the opening Scottish Rite formal dance in Indianapolis on Oc tobei 23 At this performance the group will sing both popular and semi popular numbers together and in twos and thi ees The two dancers of the group, Lucile Nitsche who has danced professionally, and Phyllis Underwood for formerly ap peaied with the Stadler dance team which was featured on the last Victory Variety program, will perfoim at this time The coeds will appear in two costumes, black and white formals, and pastel dresses Girls In The Group Members of the group are Jeanne Crane, Jean Bacon, Betty Glass, Muriel Hooper, Wilma Pal mei, Betty Wedge, sopranos, and Mary Lou Hole, Ruth Ralston, Marjorie Zumstem, Marilyn O’Hara, Lucile Nitsche, Phyllis Underwood, altos Stewart has had requests from army and navy training stations located in the state asking for coeds to entertain them It is hoped by Stewait that this gioup will fill that need
Expected arrivals of 550 more ASTP students on the campus beginning next Monday and continuing until November 8 will result in several changes affecting the present set-up for both civilian and military personnel now attending the University Three hundred of the new students will be entered in advanced engmeeimg while the remaining 250 will be enrolled in basic engineering courses, according to R B. Stewart, University Controller The Agricultural Engineering Building will seive as bariacks and study hall for 250 of the 1- — ■— new ariivals while three fraternity houses, Triangle, Kappa Sigma and Sigma Pi, will house 120 more trainees The remaining 180 men will be quarteied m the Union. All of the new ASTP men
Veterinarians To Hold
31st Annual Course
will be fed in the Union ballrooms which wilj be converted into a cafetei la with thi ee sei ving lines thereby releasing one more counter in the legular caleteiia for civilian uses. Dances aie still planned to be held in the balh ooms on Saturday nights by the use of folding tables and removable floor coverings Both south counteis will be open to remedy some of the piesent congestion at mealtimes Navy V 5 men aie being moved out of then piesent rooms in the Union to new quarters in the recently completed hangar-barracks at the University Airport A new mess line will be established there The 200 foimei University ROTC men aie now all housed in local looming houses and are attending lefiesher courses at least for the remaindei foi the teim
Reisner, Town Girl, Publishes Mystery, 'Shadow On The Wall'
Di J S Koen, assistant veteiinaiian of the U S Buieau of Am
A few scenes from the lecent Illinois game which featmed everything frojn cannons to derbies *
mal Industiy, will be the piincipal speakei at the 31st annual short
held fiom 4 to 6 p m Thuisday af- Christ’iaii Foundat'ion
teinoon, October 7, in the basement of the Union The local Red Cioss unit has agieed to keep the looms
, , ,, ,, . 1 An open an houi latei than the usual which they will get 66 houis of fly- 5 , ^ .i, , j. i . t closing time foi the benefit of guls
giound school tiaining and aie leady to stait then elemental y flight training They will lemam there about thiee months, during
mg time After two months of ele- , , f , n 4, 1 i, 11 who have afternoon classes and ac-
mentary flight tiaming, they will
tivities
YWCA IS issuing an uigent call-
, , , ,, „ , out to all coeds foi coopeiation in then training heie they will go to , ,, .11.1 J’ , making this a woithwhile project
will sponsoi a treasure hunt and weinei loast this Fiiday evening The event is open to all students Those intending to go should meet at the Union in the tower
room at 8 p m
course foi veterinarians to be held at the University Thuisday and Fii day, October 7 and 8 Dr Koen will speak Thursday morning on “Disease of Pigs before Weaning” and again in the afternoon on “Disease of Pigs After Weaning” * Other prominent speakers who will partake in the two day conference include Dr J L Axby, state veterinarian from Indianapolis, Dr R E Rebrassier of Ohio State University, Dr C S Bryan, Michigan State College, and Dr E R Frank of Kansas State College Friday will be devoted to three special clinical and laboratory demonstrations covering the subjects of “Large Animals”, “Sheep and Swine”, and “Poultry” The various meetings will be presided over by Drs Donham, Doyle, and Bullard of the University staff, and state veterinarian Dr Axby
WAA To Sponsor Pool Civil Department
^To Hold Road School
Reopening Tomorrow
At 4 In Women's Gym
Here January 24-26
take one more month of intermediate flight trmning On completing
pre-flight school to continue in then
All gills who are interested are
18 months’training toward winning ^WCA office
Ballrooms Will Serve
then wings
When the program is unfleiway there will be approximately 120 V 6
and leave their names before Thuis-
cadets training here
Fisher, Shocken Attend Publications Convention
Bob Jordan To Play For Union Tea Dance
As Cafeteria For Army
By Marion Donham Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock the swimming pool m the Women’s Gymnasium will be reopened with a gala celebration appropriately named a “Splash Party ” WAA has planned the affair, and Betty King is in charge of arrangements After warm up swimming and splashing, the piogiam will begin by the choosing of teams for the games and relays to follow There will be games for excellent swimmers, fan swimmers, and even for those who won’t so much a^ look at water wings Every female student of the University who has the slightest affec tion or wants to cultivate one for the cool green water of a swimming pool IS invited to arrive at the AVom en’s Gym on Wednesday and join in the fun
Principal topic to be discussed before the annual road school will be “Highways in theH’ost War Plans ” Officials of the Indiana State Highway Department, the Indiana High way Mateiials and Equipment Association, and various other highway officer’s organizations con ferred Saturday with R B Wiley, head of the School of Civil Engineering, concerning the school, which will be held at the University January 24 26 inclusive
Prof Kenneth B Woods will be in charge of the school during the absence of Capt Ben Petty, who is on military duty The streamlined program will start with registration on Sunday afternoon preceding the opening of the conference on Monday, the 24th
Robert Fisher and Micha Schocken weie the University’s delegates at the Engineering College Magazines Associated convention at Marquette University, October 1 and 2 Fisher is editor of the Engineer, and Schocken the issue editor The convention, EMCA’s twentythud, opened with registration at 4 p m on Friday, and adjourned at 6 p m on Saturday The main business discussed concerned plans for sustaining publication during wartime, as well as other problems now facing ECMA hiembers The principal speakei of the convention was George D Crain, Jr , publisher of Advertising Age and Industrial Maiketing, who spoke on “Wartime Publishing Problems ”
Second in a series of tea dances sponsored by the Student Union will be held Thuisday from 4 6 30 p m in the North Ballroom of the Union Music will be furnished by recordings in charge of Bob Jordan No admission will be charged According to Union officials, last week’s tea dance was successful except for the slowness with which students entered the ballroom “The dance is an informal affair and full coopeiation is needed from all participants for the dance to be a success”, said one official Approximately 100 students attended last week’s affair
Notice Important meeting Tuesday night at 7 30 —GAUNT.
Plans for feeding 1150 service men m the Union have been com pleted by officials, according to L M Vallely, manager of the Union However, this will entail the use of both ballrooms for the service of 750 new ASTP men who will finish arriving in the next month and some ASTP men already on campus Three cafeteria lines will be used in the ballrooms, two in the South and one in the North Folding tables will be set to accommodate SIX to eight men while food will be served liom the kitchens adjoining the ballrooms Counter Freed For Civilians The south counteis in the basement cafeteria will be freed for civilians’ use in addition to the line already used by them This is because navy flight men will be accommodated at the aiipoit upon completion of then new hangai
At present approximately 80 V 12 trainees and 260 marines are fed in the basement cafeteria This number will continue to use the same lines Satin day Mixers As Usual Saturday night mixers will not be curtailed by the extra use put to the ballrooms, it was announced by Vallely Piesent plans call lor the clearing of the ballrooms in time loi the mixers However, clearance will be done only once a week, eli minatmg the ballrooms for use oi conferences as toimeily was done Because of the additional service demanded by the new service group more workers are needed on cafe teiia lines and in kitchens Both men and women students are being sought by Vallely to help with the additional work He will need about 25 more workers to augment hib piesent staff of students and townspeople
Coloifiil Relays One of the relays that promises to be at least colorful if nothing else, IS the red flannel nightgown race Swimming will certainly be a part of the relay, but the red nightgowns will no doubt claim the most attention
Home Ec Group To Meet In Gary Next Saturday
Corks and inner tubes are going to be put through very intimate paces too in races relays, and games that should give forth with plenty of excitement Drowniiigs will be avoided as much as is possi ble, since there are far too few women on the campus already Closed Due To Polio The swimming pool has been closed since the end of the summer semester because of the infantile paralysis thieit so this is the first chance that women enrolled in the inter session have had to go swim ming except in then shoveis Alter the giaiid opening “Splash Party” the pool will continue to pro vide a refuge tor paddlers as it always has done before this short (See WAA, page I)
Miss Wave Bowes, itinerant teacher tiainer in home economics education at the University, will conduct a conference for home eco nomics teachers fiom the area covering Lake, Porter, La Porte, Jasper and Pulaski counties The second in a senes plinned for home economics teachers in the northwest section ot Indiana the conteience will be held at the Emeisoii School 111 Gary on Saturday Oct 0
By Treva Davis Local gill makes good as mystery writer' Mary Reisner, former West Lafayette resident and niece of “Deac” Reisner, has recently published a whodunit called “Shadows on the Wall,” which has been getting the nod of the reviewers Two more of hei mysteries will soon be published Miss Reisner’s father was an Egyptologist and she was brought up 111 the shadow ot the Pyramids. Her first book has no such exotic setting We are taken to the shores of New England, to a huge old house ciamnied with ugly Italian furniture ‘ Too much of that there fancy stuff ” says the sheriff Dillion Is Sleuth The sleuth is John Dillon, a young prosecuting attorney who is really quite human—almost too human. He talks a good deal, and he firmly believes that “murder to look likeaccident” is the most dastardly of Climes There’s a tricky bunch of women the fascinating Consuela, with her string of men, old Mrs. Amoiy, who so thoroughly enjoys suffering—other people’s suffering; good looking young Honor Fitzgerald, whose sympathies lean, and Martha Bailey, whose wedding was stopped by murder The men are mostly background for the cat fights There’s a lot of skillfully managed suspense When somebody gets murdered, the author lets the characters talk about it for a while before she allows another murder to be perpetrated And she keeps the dead down to a reasonable number, which may be a disappointment to the murder fans who like to total the dead on the adding machine
University Church
Among the problems to be given consideration are such topics as meeting the needs of adolescents in wartime, care and I'fepaii of household equipment, keeping the sewing mrchmes in opciation, adult education school lunch, and consumer pi oblems Also participating in the confer ence piogiam will be Miss, Ruby Claik, ot the School ot Home Economics ind Miss Muiicl G McFar land ot the Division ot Fducatiou and Applied Psychology at the Umveisity
Sponsors Party
Next Friday evening, after the pep session, the Westminster Foundation will hold a Blackout Party at the Univeisitv Church Since this is the week lippecanoe County will celebrate its first blackout, this party should be a welcome to many students Games, dancing and recteation will be in Older and refieshments will be served Theie is no admission pi ice. 'Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, October 5, 1943
't%-
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Putdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phorth 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor . . BuRinesR Manafrcr None Editor Menajrinxr Editor Spotte Editors
Eilis Murphi Mary Dili* William H. Tysoi CaroIvP Wilha Raymond J. Smith, Russell M. Eipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jacl-*. Abbelt, Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A. Grolncs, .lamt-s T. Richardbon, Maipfarol V. blctUb, Jnmo Ackerman.
Business Staff
Advertising: Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue Nipht Editor: Steffes Day Editor: Grolnc‘ City Editor: Ford Issue Editor: Rippctol Sport<? Editor: P. Garber Reporters: Asptrijer. tiooiKObon, AsperKoson, YarKar, Goetz Martin, MaiKcln P. Richardson, Garrett, Donhani, Baynes Tucsberc. Noidjingci Staff Photographer: W. C. Tolher
etle, Indiana, under the a^ of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectwn 1103 act of Oc'oher 3, 1917, authorized Janua^ 20, 1^2 Published on Tues'dav, Thur-sday and Saturday mornines during the veal except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for $1 2.7 for a scmestci : by mail for $1.60 for a Bimester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Seiyice, Inc,, College Publishers Representativea, 42U Madison'Ave., New York, N. Y.
Coed Canteens [ Acclaimed Successful With such exclamations as “Oh, wc had a wonderful time” and “Gee, but it was swell”, tossed about on the campus the day after the first experimental Coed Canteens, it seems logical to conclude that as far as the students were concerned, the idea was “tops” and very successful. Not only the Student Senate deserves acclaim for this newly inaugurated plan but also every coed, soldier, sailor or marine who had a cooperative part. This seemed to be the opportunity that service men were awaiting; to become better acquainted with the coeds. Various service men have reported that their aforeheld views regarding Purdue coeds warmed immeasurably during those few short hours Sunday afteimoon. And from the coeds comes an equally gratifying report. They, too, were pleased. They liked the pleased, complimentary attitude of the service nipu end the seiwice men’s willingness to enter v, hoieheartedly into any type of entertainment suggested, whether it was playing cards, entering into a scavenger hunt, or just passing the time of day. Those Canteens bridged that long-felt gap between service men and coeds and proved an excellent prescription to boost the morale, that familiar term to all Exponent readei’s. In answer to the question of, to have or not to have more Coed Canteens, we need only to refer all those concerned to the chorused voices of Purduites who have been saying, “Yes, by all paeans, we want more Coed Canteens.”—c.j.w.
^ mmw . - _ U S f.l Off. MERRY-QOhRfflll®: By PREW PEARSON Steel Industry Fails To Back Scrap Drive; Insurance Lobby Has Many Friends In Congress WASHINGTON—The War Production Board lias just launched a new drive for iron and steel scrap, but the drive is imperilled by the apathy of the steel industry itself. V'' Last year the industry, worried, threw everything int6 the drive, spending a total of $1,800,000 for advertising, for speakers, and for the traveling expenses of school children who had won .the i ight to christen Liberty ships. This year, the industry is not putting up a penny. It would seem to be gambling on a quick end of the war, in which case there would be a sudden drop in the demand for steel and in the price of scrap. If the industry got caught Ivith heavy inventories of scrap, there would be a big financial loss. Whatever the reason, WPB officials complain that they are not getting the necessary cooperation from the steel industry. The steel boys admit that there is a threatened shortage of scrap, with a requirement of 16 million tons for the last half of this year and an inventory of only about 5 million tons. And there is no question that the production of munitions, merchant ships, and naval ships is far greater than last year. Furthermore, shipments of iron ore have fallen off this year by 8 million tons, due to ice and the monthlate opening of Great Lakes navigation last spring. Result of all these factors is that at a time when the demand for steel is at record levels, some of the nation’s open hearth steel mills may have to shut down for lack of scrap—unless the scrap drive really goes
places.
Note: War and Navy Departments are lending their trucks and men to help gather scrap in localities where local manpower and trucking are inadequate.
Insurance Lobby
Here are two recent developments in the giant fire insinance lobby to persuade Congress to exempt insurance from the anti-trust laws: (1) the lobby is getting more intense; (2) there seems to be some mystery as to what congressmen are really behind the bill. On the House side of the Capitol, the bill exempting insurance companies from the anti-trust act was introduced by able Representative Francis Walter, Democrat of Pennsylvania. But when a high U. S. official went to see Walter and asked him if he I'ealized the implications of ihe insurance bill, Walter
he knew little about it.
GRINl^l
MBWi
j;-'
BvCiMt
V
.•r
© 1913 CJflcago Tlffics Inc. i||
The Ratia^
Who Knows... to I
“Yeah, he said I oughto be in the movies—said I’m a great little actress, pretending what I served him was a meal.”
University Calendar Tuesday, October 5
Room 365, Union
7:00 P.M.
9:00 A.M, 4:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M.
Room 303, Union
8:00 A.M.
admitted 6:30 P.M.
VrOOP.M.
“I was helping out Hatton Sumners,” replied the 7:00 P.M, popular Pennsylvanian. “He wanted me to intro-
duce it.”
This has pointed the finger at Texas’ Representative Sumners, head of the Judiciary Committee, as a backstage leader of the inmirance forces. Sumners is the man who recently inferred that most of his committee supported Congressman Cox in his fight with the Federal Communications Commission—shortly after which Cox bowed to public pressure and resigned.
The insurance lobby is sure to have
7:00 P.M. Pi Kappa Phi Meeting Wednesday, October 6 Phi Kappa Psl Meeting
Thursday, October 7
Veterinary Short Course E. Faculty Lounge, Union Committee on State of University Room 129, EE Building ASME Meeting (Central Ind. Section). Room 192, EE Bldg. ASME Meeting (Central Ind. Section) . Room 108, ME Bldg.
Friday, October 8
Veterinary Short Course . .. E. Faculty Lounge, Union
Commercial Farm Managers Dinner . Service Show (service men only) Commercial Farm Managers Meeting .
Saturday, October 9
Football—Camp Grant.. Ross-Ade Stadium Dance ... .... North and South Ballrooms
REVERSE PLAY or STEP INTO MY APARTMENT LITTLE BOY:—Plajtshop season began with a raucous'blast for Milt Kaplan, a very sweet boy really. Upon one of 'the lovelier of our autumn evenings, Kaplan the Magnificent was stepping casually down the cement steps of Fowler vi/hen to his astonishment he was confronted by a lovely blond in a lovely coupe with door flung invitingly open. More than this, the lithesome creature was inviting the boy for-a slick ride home. So stepping into what the boy still considered a mirage, they were off like the wind. Before coming to his place of residence, Dover house, however, the woman in the story found it necessary to stop at the Tri Chi for a small morsel of what is mistakenly called food. Kaplan found the bill a little steep, but at least he was getting a ride home. Or was he? The ride soon took on the aspect of an extended tour through the great metropolis of West Lafayette, By this time the dear boy Was beginning to vibrate (with suspicion of course), but the end came with the climax when the wiley witch commandeered her dandy buggy down the River Road! Oh Well, all in a life-time. Milt still doesn’t know her name. To quote him; “I think that was rather awful, don’t you?” It is about time someone besides her mother and father was announcing Janet Bahls’ engagement to her soldier pin man after squiring his Phi Delt pin for quite a little while. That rock she’s sporting requires the use of good strong sun-
glasses.
Collier who succeeded in lassoing Pat Tuhey into accepting his Sigma Chi pin. Well, well. But this is not the end. The Renowned Frank Warner Moore, of the D.U. establishment, has found a' permanent dwelling place fot his pin,rand the Woman of his heart is pledge Henning of Kappa Kajipa Gamma. i Faculty Bowling
Room 330, Union .. Hall of Music Room 263, Union
2:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
One after another of the Chi O’s who happened to be trouping by the Fieldhouse had a distinct feeling of something familiar about the vases they saw planted firmly in front of the place. They later learned that these vague feelings were very wellfounded — for they were theirs, transported to that scenic spot by the Theta Chi pledges. The little devils have to amuse themselves somehow.
League Standing , ' ' w General Engr 9 Animal Hush 8 Dairy 7 Agr. Extension 7 Meeh. Engr. I 6 Chemistry I 6 Agr. Chem. II 6 Elec. Engr 6 Agr. Exp. Sta 6 Chem. Engr 6 Army II 6 Physics 5 General Stores 6 Horticulture 5 Executive 6 Pharmacy 4 Poultry 4 Army I 4 Agr. Engr 4 Naval Tr. School 4 Agronomy 4 Mech. Engr. II 4 Biology 4 Agr. Chem. I 3 Civil Engr 3 Radio Engr '3 Forestry 2 English 2 Phys. Plant 2 Agr. Chem. Ill 2 Chemistry II .. 2 Recitation 2
WBAA Schedule
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
General Electric Co., Schenectady, N. Y.-K-October 22. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., C.E., E.E. Shell Development Co., Emery-
Safety First
Many students are unaware that Fire Prevention Week started Sunday. Americans have been thinking primarily of one goal, that of obtaining fifteen billion dollars to reach the Third War Bond quota. While we as Americans are still rejoicing at our combined efforts in making the bond drive the success that it was, it is time to give another drive some thought, namely. Fire Prevention. During war time we are constantly aware of the many war casualties but give little thought to the many deaths due to fires, fires away from the fighting front, which have taken more than 10,000 lives and destroyed $1,000,000 in property a day during the last
year.
October 3 to 9 has been declared by President Roosevelt as National lY’re Prevention Week. In order to make this program worthwhile, it is necessary for each person to take care!Ill stock ol his surroundings, cleaning up fire hazards, practicing sensible fire prevention habits, and heljiing make America safe from fh'es. Fire plays an important role in wartime, and a \’ery impartial I’ole at that, being indifferent whether it destroys the Axis, the United Nations, or us as individuals. Those nations most efficient in controlling fire will be that much farther ahead in controlling the results of the war. A.s students on the campus, we are little worried by thoughts of sabotage or incendiar^ bomb.s, but we can do oui' pail by forming good anti-fi)“e hubits which will carry over, long after Fire Prevention Week.—c.j.w.
“Report To The People”, which
lot of other ivill be broadcast at 7:45 p. m., is in
friends in Congress, for a lot of Congressmen operate charge of Jim Miles. Tuesday’s insurance offices. Among them are Congressmen program will feature the Boy Scouts D’Olesandro of Maryland and Ploe&er of Missouri, the of America. A general all over dislatter having already made himself heard with the cussion of Boy Scout program has Justice Department. | been planned by E. A. Rowley, local Meanwhile, the National Board of Fire Underwrit- executive. These programs
ers has prepared a long statement which it is circulat- continue ufifil the beginning ville, Cal.—Date to be announced, ing to Congressmen emphasizing states rights for in- Community Chest Drive. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E.,
surance companies.
Meanwhile, also, it has leaked out that the fire Methodist- Church in West Lafay-
insuiance companies approached the life insurance companie.s asking them to participate in the lobby,
but the life insurance companies declined.
Mead's Detour
Lanky Senator Jim Mead of New York got “lost” from the rest of the party in the Southwest Pacific while touring the battle fronts with the Senate globegirdling committee, but the experience gave him a first-hand vieT^of the giim ^rama of war that his
companions missed.
Mead left MacArthur’s headquartei s for a quick flight to a nearby island to visit with doughboys from Buffalo ,his home town. Due to had weather conditions, his reluin flight was delayed and the other four Senators continued on their tour withoul him. Mead had to hitch-hop in three different planes before he finally caught up with his colleagues in Australia. He will never forget the last hop. It was made from an inland in the Southwest theatre in a cargo plane. There were three others aboard—the pilot, a doctor and a wounded American airman who was being flown to a hospital in Australia. The flyer had been shot up during a raid on the Japs in New Guinea, but he game-
ly made the best of the situation.
“We were flying in a bad storm,” says Mead, “but that spunky young American didn’t seem to mind it
as much as the rest of us.”
“Gee, I hope I get well soon, Senator, so I can go back with my gang and plaster some more of those Jap so-and-so’s,” the flier told Mead. “Please tell the folks back home that we’re in this thing pitching, all of us, vvednesda
Reverend Steel of the First Ingersoll-Rand Company, New’
ette will discuss the “Spiritual York—Date to be announced. Inter-
Basis for Peace” in a series of pro- ssted in M.E., E.E.
grams on “Plans For Peace”. ,
these companies are not scheduled to visit the campusi- however, they ar^ interested in students for
employment;
Crane Company, Chicago, 111.— Interested in M.E., C.E., Ch.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday,
October 6.
Kankakee Ordnance Works, E. 1. DuPont de Nemours & Co., Joliet, Illinois. Interested in Chemists. Sign by Saturday, October 9. The Standard Oil Company of Ohio, Clev'eland, Ohio—Interested in M. E., Ch.E., E.E., Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, Oc-
tober 16.
Tuesday
10:30—News.
10:45—Smile Time.
11:00—Listen While You Work.
11 :B0—Music.
11:.‘)0—Furdue News.
11 :Go— News.
12:00—Faim Forum. 12:30—Meet the Band.
12 :55—News.
1:00—Homemakers Club.
1.15—Music.
1 i30—Adventures in Research.
1:45—Markets. 1 :G5—News.
2 :00—Story a Day. 2 :15-Tieabury Star Paiade. 2:30—Treasuie Chest.
2 :55—News.
3 :00—Afternoon Melodies.
3 :ir)—Music.
3 :30^—Musical Varieties.
3 :55—News.
4 :00—Tea Time Tunes. 4:30-—Just Relax.
4 :G5— News.
o :00—Little Miss Mu/Fett.
5:15 —Music 5:30—Vespers. 5 :46-—Music.
0:00—Minute of Prayer. 0:01^—Dinner Hour.
0:55 News.
7 :00—Between the Headlines. 7.16--Food for ThouRh.
7 :30 - We Have Met the Enemy.
7 :55—New.s.
3:00—Avard Mitchell, piano. 8:15—Paiade of Business. 8 ;30—From the Press Box.
8 :45—Music. 8 :55 —NeWh.
9 :00—Mubicana,
9:30 Anything But S-v^ing,
Which doesn’t exactly remind us, we came upon four stealthy D.G.’s attempting to corrupt a small boy into entering the ATO house and absconding with certain rare pieces of furniture. And speaking of the Delta Gammas, those same babes had quite the field-week, so to speak. Two diamonds and one pin make up what we would call a HAUL! By way of further illucidation, Betty Purcell took her particular diamond from Ted Skaggs, an Army Air Corps Cadet at Montgomery Field. It was all done by remote control. In the meantime, sister Katherine Leiity became engaged to John Kiith, Army man, now stationed at Minnesota. All this long-range stuff. Then Pat Hudson came up lor air long enough to take Jerry Hedin’s Kappa Sig pin. To all of which we can only say—WHEW!
High Team Sets General Engr., 2880; Agi’. Exp. Sta., 2705; Dairy, 2663; Executive, 2666. High Ind. Sets Pertz, 568; Lehker, 564; Henderson, 564; Almquist, 547. High Team Games General Engr., 974; Agr. Exp. Sta., 957; Dairy, 961; Agr. Extension, 936. High Ind. Games Henderson, 205; Seaton, 202; Gillam„4201; Lehker, 197. High Team Sets to Date General Engr., 2880; Elec. Engr., 2816; Executive, 2797; fijiysics, 2766. High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date Liskey, 613; Culp, 694; Hession, 684; Lee, O.C., 575. High Team Games to Date General Engr., 974; Elec. Engi’. 972; English, 972; General Stores, 970. ' High Weekly Ind. Games to Date Hession, 228; Liskey, 226; Culp, 223; Lee, O.C.—Asherf 222.
The Marines tapped the Kappa mine again. This time the devastating fellow to have so done—is Tom
111:00
News,
on tho Air.
and that we’re going to see it through.”
Mead and his four companions hit it off oxeellently with MacArthur. They had had some misgivings about how MacArthur would react to their “investigation” of the Southwest theatie, but the general was surpiisingly eoidial. One thing the committee was par- ■ ticularly interested in was hospital facilities for U. S. troops. MacArthur saw to it that they were given a full picture of this and everything else that they
wished to study.
On their departure, MacArthur declared that it had, affoi ded him "a great pleasuie to meet you gentlemen," a,s well as an inspiration to me and those serving under me to know that the Senate is keeping in close contact
with our operations here.” Merry-Go-Round
A high, air-minded War Department official says the length of the war depends on the weather this wintei. If the weathei i.s favoi'ahle for flying, the war in Europe might he over before next summer. Word has come buck to Washington from Buenos Aires that a large shipment of U. S. aspirin, sent to an apju'oved Argentine drug firm, was sUri’eptitiously translei'red to a German drug firm and retailed by them. The Argentine Government does not recognize
the U. S. black list.
(Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
11:00 11:5011 .-rjn 12:«() 12:30
10:30—Newfa’. Smile Time*.
“Worlfl RoliticB”
Purdue News.
News.
Farm Forum. Meet the Band.
NewB.
1 :00—Homenmkeis Club. 1:15— Music. 1:30- ParenlB' Forum. 1:45—Markeis. 1 :55 —Newa. 2 :00—Story u Day. 2 :15—Treasury Star Parade. 2 :30—Muyie. 2:45- Radio Camera Club. 2 :55—NeWfi. 3 :00— Lei* and her Piano. 3:15—Lo.st Wc Forffct. 3:30-Musical Varieties. 3 :55—News. 4 *00—Tea Time Tunes. 4.30—Jubt Relax. 4 :56—-News. 5-00-Little MisR MufTett. 5:15- Music. 5‘30- VesporH." ‘iff
* I ^ i i
i ' ill
Army, Mn^yy,^ Mariam M^ws
Tuesdpy^ October 1943
For Service Men, By Service Mi^njf « . ^ .__. .1.. . j jj JL
Page $
>!«* t, ^
M rt xi »l JJ M'l
Afn^y To R^lassifjf. Pmppcfil ?y purvey Keclasfeific&tion sui'veys of army personnel at various posts are being carried on by traveling classification and assignment teams', the Keesler Field News indicates in describing such a 'pfbcdss at that air force station. ^ The team working at ttie ‘ftbld has been assigned there* accbrdihg to an Announcement by classification Center officers, for the purpose of correcting —— ^Idseible rnal-assignments and trt&gei-is fecfuee^eH.” discovering shortages of spd-
uanzea skius.
The team consists of six en- other, who is th4(-firer, on w'hose listed men and an officer, with shoulder the weapon rests, a local classification officer assigned When the firer squeezes the trigtO act in liason with them. ger, the charge is ignited ' and Officers as well as enlisted men flashes from the rear of the tube, are being interviewed, and classifi- while the rocket is sent forward. catiOri records 6n each man ai'e be- The rocket itself is nearly two ing -cheeked with especial regard to feet long and is heavier than the hthguages, main and secondai-y oe- hand grenade. Itj has an explosive cupatiorts in civilian life, additional head and a finned tail, the latter for ocfeOptionhl interests, hobbies, prior accuracy in flight,
military experience and record of V-12 IM Schedules V-12 Softball Championship
riay-Off
Tuesday, October 5th, 1943 '
10—B 7 vs. D 3 11_C 8 vs. D 2 12^B 8 vs. C 5 13—C 6 vs. M 7 14_D 1 vs. C 2
ctfrrent service.
Among stated reasons for the survey are a desire to centralize reclassification work among men especially trained for it, and formulation of a definite picture of short-
ages of specialized skills in various Di^^iriond units. " ^
Merchant Marine . . . ■’The' "hfavy will, in the future, aWdrd to merchant seamen medals diid awards hitherto reserved for Navy p'ersonnel, the Georgia NaVy prfe-Plight School Skycracker an-
nohneed.
In appropriate cases, involving either direct combat with the enemy ^r especially meritorious service uncombat conditions. United States Merchant Marine officers and men’,' serving aboard ships operating with the Navy, may be awarded the” Silver Star and the Navy and i^arine Corps medal. ^Baneobka' News . . The-'“bazooka,‘the popularly named gun whose projectile is capable of piercing the armo^’ of any tank, is now "being delivered to Ameripan and other United Nation troops in considefable quantity, the War Department announces. The fii’st public descriptions of the weapon have only recently been forthcoming. The following one is By the Ft. Belvoir Castle. 1 The gun—or rather, launcher, is a metal tube some fifty inches long and less than three inches in diafneter. It is open at both ends. Attached to it are a shoulder stock and front and rear grips for the firer, together with sights and an electric battery that sets off the rocket propelling charge when the launcher
AST Fatter By T/6 Morris Better WORM’S-EYfi VIEW: ^ ' As the Nazi cause grows more desperate, more futile, the more intensified becomes its efforts to villify the United States and the Allies. This hardly comes under the category of staitling news because very few of us go around harboring delusions about what our enemy thinks or is taught to think about us. If ahy of the propaganda batter turned out by the Axis does have a pinch of truth ks an ingi’edien^, it is that whipped up for consumption of their arnied forces. Therb’s little advantage in deluding soldiers about the strength and character of their opponents— no mote than there is kiddih^ ourselves kbout the Jap or the Nazi soldier. In dealing with the civilian population, however, the Axis has not found it necessary to permit truth and reality to influence the opinions and attitudes they are determined to create. OUTPOST, a small monthly periodical, published by Americans in England, reveals interesting information along this line in Its current issue. Close to SOUrCes Of Nazi propaganda, OUTPOST relates that week after Week and month after month Nazi periodicals have been carrying articles, stories, drawings -and "photographs which depict the United States as a land of gangsters, gold'-diggirtg blondes, crcjbked politicians and the large mass of the people as their half-witted, S’tarving victims. The Goebbels campaign intended to aroiliSe hatred,'contempt and disgust in connection with everything American began in earnest after our entry into the war. We knoW the Fascist mind too well to have expected elSeWise. It Was essential, for the Nazi mentality, that America be'presented as a nation which is decadent, corrupt and interested only in, moneymaking- schemes. Anything that put America in an'Unfavorable light was dressed up knd printed for home consumption. The more the War has progressed and the more Allied strength ha;e ■asserted-itself; the blacker, the more vicious have become the attacks. If any comfort need be derived, it does come from the fact that the Nazi shrieks have assumed back-against-the-wall proportions which indicate clearly the handwriting on the wall.
Capt. Howcg-d,
Gvqd, Heads Company C
Fraternity Softball
Tuesday, October 5th, 1943
Diamond—
1— Delta Upsilon vs. Tai'T Ep-
silon Phi
2— Lambda-Pi vs. Acacia 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Faculty 5—Sigma Chi vs. Nu-Sigma
Fraternity Softball Wednesday, October 6th, 1943 Diamond— 1— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 2— Acacia vs. Kappa-Psi 3— Faculty vs. Phi Sigma Theta 4— Tau-Sigma vs. Phi-Phi 5— Nu-Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi 7— Sigma Chi vs. Delta Tau
Delta
8— Chi-Alpha vs. Delta Upsilon 9— Theta Xi vs. Lambda-Pi Former PEW Staff Member Joins Marines
GRID^ LINES With its third victory in as many tries, it looks as though the University will make YANE eat humble pie. In its pre-Season survey, the GI weekly virtually implied that the Boilermakers might as well drop football by the cold way in which we were consigned to the “also ran” classification. . . . The fathers come in for a bit pi glory this week end. Might as well pay them their due—^from the looks Of things, many of thgm may soon be in AST units with their sons. ... In One respect, it looks as though Dad’s Day was being held particularly for Charlie Bachman, coach of the Camp Grant team. The day was originally set aside for the Michigan State game in November but when MS dropped football for the duration, it was moved up to coincide with the CG game. In the meantime, Bachman,^who was MS coach and out of a job was hiied by the Camp Granters. . . . The game, incidentally, will fipd Purdue a house divided with AST-ers pulling for the soldiers to beat-the V-12s.
ODDS ’N’ ENDS From the way government agencies have been designated by alphabet groupings, it was inescapab'le that, some day, some letters would fall together (by pure chance) to spell some naughty word. The first report of such an instance has come to light but unless you understand Turkish, you’re going to be frustrated. It seems that AMGOT—short for Allied Military Government in Occupied Territories—is a word which embarrasses and, hence, is avoided by refined people in Turkey. Since offending sympathetic neutrals is hardly the order of the day, the wicked word has been changed to a harmless AMG. . . . There’s been a scarcity of up-to-the-minute maps of the Russian front. So rapid have been the changes in the last weeks, that it’s become a highly unprofitable business. The situation hasn’t been this serious since the early blitz days when Adolf was calling the shots. . . . Gamma Beta, newly created GI honorary society on the campus, is experiencing a rapid turnover amongst its elected officials.... Coed Canteen, from first reports, was more than just cookies, coffee and conversation. . . . The movie at MH this Frinite is “What’s Buzzin’ Cousin” and a word to the wise should be sufficient.
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Steak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the women’s physical education department, has announcecN that Miss Elizabeth Clark, forraeily a member of the physical education department of William and Mary College, has arrived to take the place of Miss Alice Bond, a foi-mer member of the P.E.W. staff. Miss Bond was a member of the University staff for three years, and has now left to enlist in the United States Marines. She will report on October 22 to Camp Lejeune in New River, North Carolina for her train-
ing.
Soldiers — Sailors — Marines GkcfcA, “"Soin/j^ 3^mjL 5^^” %ow! From Burr, Patterson & Auld Qo. Office hours 113 NORTHWESTERN AVE. Phone 2423 10:00-1:30 for 2:00-5:00 Special Appointments
AMERICAN HEROES
BY LEFF
ureau Naval, Marine Trainees This Week University has expressed the desire for Naval and Marine trainees to participate in the many campus activities. There are over one hundred such activities which would prove interesting and valuable to the trainees. Each year the Activities Bureau interviews new students on the campus to acquaint the students with the numerous activities and answer any questions that the students may have concerning them. This week, October 4th to 8th, the Bureau will be open from 4 to 5 o’clock in order to interview all V-12 men interested in taking an active part in any of these activities. Activity Examples Examples of these activities are: Exponent, the campus newspaper; the Debris, the University yearbook, and the Student Union. The Union sponsors dances, clubs of all sorts, and in pre-war days it annually presented a “Union Show” which niade use of-campus talent. Xny of these activities will prove valuable for they teach leadership and sportsmanship. Many outstanding leaders today attribute their success to the fact that they got an early start by participatingan a college club or acivity. The office of the Activities Bureau is located on the second floor of tfie iJnion in roorh 356. Trainees who are interested are requested to report at this office ..gome time this week for an interview.
Bby War Bonds And Stamps
The Forum By Pfc. Gabriel Elias (Editor’s note: Leslie Saile came to our office with a hot gripe and we’re having him write it down. If ydu Want to throw anything at him, c6me down to the Exponent). ' By Leslie Saile I can’t help It, Elias. I can’t help it. I got to do it. I gotta organize the society to disenfranchise the rabid football, screen and comic book fans. I can’t help it. Some of my best friends sleep with Lana Turner’s picture; my brother can tell you the weight of every horse that ever graced a football line; and my sister—why, she’s still got a grudge against Oona O’neil for stealing that ever youthful Chaplin. It’s all come to a head. It all came in the mail. My girl friend wrote, “Gosh, Leslie, can’t you ever be real and write me letters like the other boys! Aren’t you hep to the latest picture or to the latest football scores ? I’m tired of having you lecture to me about the dumbest things like Fascism and so on.” I should have known. 1 knew the comic strips took up her mornings, the movies her evenings, and football her afternoons. But I thought I might be able to wake her up. After all, she does go to a university. —She’s a senior—. She does live in a democracy. After all, she is gonna Vote some day, and she’s gonna have to know about things. Besides, she’s got a brain. She knows how to mooch dates, play her men, and make a common face look glamorous. But she won’t put it (her brain—not her face) to use for anything other than football, comics, and the movies. Dead Weight At The Polls Well, I give up. If you can’t get kids in college to begin wondering about what’s going around in the world, things are bad. If you can’t make people think there is only one solution, you must prevent them from voting. That’s fair, isn’t it? I don’t know whether superman is a better man than Dick Tracy; so I wouldn’t vote for either one. When a gal wiho has a fine brain refuses to learn anything about the issues that are controlling our lives today, why should that girl be allowed to vote? AN UNINFORMED PERSON IS A COMPLETE LOSS TO THE CAUSE OF PROGRESS AND TRUTH AT THE POLLS. Purpose Of Education Oh, Elias, I know this sounds like sour grapes. You think I’m het up because my girl said, NO. It’s a longer and more intimate process than that. I walk around here and see kids with slide rules ripping off each other’s pants and tweezing moustaches. Fine youthful energy, I says to meself. BUT WHAT AN AWFUL WASTE! Why don’t the seniors and the freshmen fight it out in debating teams ? Why don’t they have a huge conference during which they ai'gue about the kinds of things that are running their lives? If, after they do things like that, they still feel like undressing each other,—ok. The purpose of a college is the acquisition of a liberal understanding Of the world in which we live. Moustaches make only a very sniall part of life. The drive towards Rome, the coming conference dn Moscow, the growth of the Native bogus super-patriotic fakbs—^these are the things that matter in our
world.
Dead Facts And I go to a football game that anybody knows Purdue is gonna win. And everybody gets excited over this and that. Sure, relaxation is l^ne. But you can’t relax from relaxation. You can’t make relaxation a profession. There are my room-mates,—both of them. They never held a football
Editor’s Note: This is the third in a series of articles on the AST offi-
cers of the 1545th Service Unit.
Butkovkh Assumes Lead In Grid Scores, Dubicki Close Third
By Cpl. Jack Martire
Captain Janies M. Howard, F. A., now commanding officer of Company “C”, is a University graduate, cla.sa of 1935 in
Civil Engineering,
Personally, Captain Howard is undoubtedly one of the best liked officers in the Unit. The men in Company C will vouch for that. Incidents like the following are typical: It seems that
one night last week one of the men in the company came into the orderly room at 4 :.30 in the afternoon and asked for a furlough over the Jewish holidays. The soldier’s train left at 7:30 that night so time was in-
Tony Butkovich, fast charging deed short. Most commanding offifullback on this year’s edition of cers would have been well within
the Boilermakers, is now leading the
Indiana college football individual ^ ■ i j. -ii. 4. 4- 1 4? DC that day. But this situation was dif-
scoring contest with a total of 36 points, 11 points in front of his nearest coifipetltor. Bob Steuber of
DePauw.
Steuber Scores
Steuber, who last year, while playing for Missouri, was one of the nation’s leading point makers, ihade his first start for the Tigers Saturday and in just thirty minutes of action against Illinois Normal, made four touchdowns as the Tigers ran away with the contest, winning a
50-to-0 triumph. Dubicki Third
Close behind Steuber comes Dubicki, with 23 points to Steuber’s 25. While Steuber was running up his total with his four touchdowns Saturday, Stan was having himself a day also, scoring a touchdown and kicking four points after touchdown
for a total of 11 points.
Indiana University's freshman halfback, Bob Hoernschemeyer, tallying only one touchdown in his team’s 52-0 victory over Wabash, is
fourth with 19 points.
Here is dhe standing of all play- - ,, ,
ers who haVe scored more than 18 ferent. Captain Howard called Batpoints, showing the number of talion Headquarters, gave the ingames played, touchdowns, points formation over the telephone, and
CAPTAIN J. HOWARD
after touchdown, field goals,
total points:
and
Butkovich, P. . Steuber, DeP. Dubicki, P. .
Hoernschemeyer, I.
Allerdice, I. ... Miller, Notre D.
Rykovich, Notre D.
Mello, Notre D.
Berteili, Notre D.
TD P FG TP 6 0 0 36
the soldier got his furlough that
night.
After being graduated from the University “Mr.” Howard evidently believed in a variety of positions since between the years of 1935-42 he was employed by four companies, namely the Pennsylvania Highway Department as a highway designer, the Inland Steel Company as plant engineer. The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission and the Beth-
lehem Steel Company.
During all this time he kept his , reserve commission and by January, 1941, it was 1st Lt. Howard. On July 6, 1942 Lt. Howai-d was called
tea’m. Life saving classes will not service and sent to Indianbegin however, until next semester, f^en to Fort Bragg, because the course is too long to be .j^grth Carolina. Here at Bragg he coucluded before the close of this fjjg fjgjjj artillery refresher semester.^ _ course and was platoon commanSwim Suits And Towels^ Furi'ished ^ training regiment.
Upon being sent to the Center
25 23 19 18 18 18 18 15
WAA ^
(Continued from page 1)
Swim suits and towels are fur nis.hed by the physical ed department, but bathing caps must be brought by the prospective swimmeiv and everyone is required to wear a cap of some kind, whether it
School, which trains accepted OCS men, Lt. Howard taught surveying and gun firing. One year ago he came here as in-
b^eriea tried desperately to silence ii. In l|ie end they did. When Private Peter Economopolos eiepl into tlie cmplaeoinent, the crew was dead. Ho manned the gun, lesnmed flie Mm tar shells lobbed toward mmThe Japs bad ih.e lange all nght. Yet he kepi filing until a shell wrecked the gun anil woiiii<leil hiiii llis country has recognized this Bataan exploit, awiiiding hiin the I). .S. C. Will you recognize it with an extra Third War Loan Hoiid? ’
^xfionmt SkkvJcnnmtl. Bswuud^ (^oniMt Any Serviceman may vote for his selection by filling out this ballot and dropping it in the box in front of the Sweet Shop.
is one of these synthetic shower structor in ROTC and last March caps or a scarcity known as a rub- Howard was appointed AST perber cap. sonnel adjutant while he was comThi? swimming program planned I'^^ndei of Batteiy C of the 3516th
for Wednesday afternoon is to ac- Service Unit.
quaint every girl who may be in- After being promoted on June tcresteri with its facilities, and to 7th, Captain Howard became C.O. splash up some very wet fun for of battery, now company “C” on
everyoroe. WAA hopes for a large July 1st.
crowd off bathing beauties. An interesting anecdote about the —■‘—■I*-" ' " Captain was revealed by one of his in their lives. They’re always run- brother officei’s. It seems that Capning dov7Ji to the Doc to get out of tain Howard passed his refresher P.E, Yet,, they can tell you what course at Ft. Bragg with flying score Columbia ^beat Oshkosh Uni- colors but was refused the graduaversity in’ 1903. After all, if they tion fliploma because of a dirty can be its messed up in a dead fact rifle at final inspection. P.S.—'He of that sort that can have no bear- had to take the rifle to the Coming on anything that means any- manding Officer.of the' school in orthing, why on earth can’t they learn der to obtain the diploma, some more ihnportant historical de- One time, on a Sunday morning tails that bivir on everything they to be specific, there was a banging do each day T noise downstairs in the Beta House No, it caifft be because a dead ijnd what to our surprise but that item relating'to sports is more in- Captain Howard, dressed in coverteresting than a live item that af- alls was building a shelf for t^e fects our very lives. THE REASON supply loom. ' IS BECAUSE OUR EDUCATION- while here at the University as a
«t«de..t the Captam was a meniber of ATO and is a foimer member of
Choice for Queen Is Picture Nnmber_ Name S Acltlress Branch ol‘ Service — Read Article in Exponent for Detailed Instructiona -
VELOPING IN' SUCH PEOPLE A TRUE UNDERSTANDING OF THEIR DUTIE3S AND OBLIGATIONS AS CITIZENS OF A DEMOCRATIC NATION. The society to disenfranchise .5uch people will
either have to
the American Society of Civil Engineers. He is married and has a son of whom he is very proud. Captain Howard’s main hobby is as an artist m water colors, oils or
I f i -11 "^*1 sketches. We quote; he is “noted about Churchill .raid Stalin instead p.u-tieularly for drawing of beauti-
of Gable and Crosby, or we 11 have women,
to campaign against their voting. For it is the igriomnce of such people that makes them suckers for the liars who steal our elections. We
gotta wake up.
^LESLIE.
Buy War Boqds
And Stampstutf*'
0oilermaleer Efforts
s/ 1 '
<' ^ ^ ^ jA Tu^Sdy^ dctobdr 1943
Riveters Practice For Camp Grant
Launching prepaiation for its most strenuous test of the season to date, the Boilermakers powei ful undefeated football squad was warned yesterday afternoon that any lapses of the type that occuried against Illinois will be fatal against the powerful Camp Giant Wairiois
heie Saturday
Camp Grant Tough
“We’re going to be up against a
Boilermakers Meet I. U. Cross-Country Team On Saturday
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ LipeS ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN—AND IT DID
Camp Grant Gridders To Prove Tough Foe
Meet
The Team
By Bob Simons
Today’s Meet The Team is dedi
Coach Heiman Phillips an-
A glimpse into next Saturday’s home game with Camp Grant
Students and local 'football fans were given their first oppoitunity to see the much-publicized Boilei maker gridiron squad perform on the home
^- field last Satuiday afternoon, and they certainly weie treated to a lot „ ^
nounced today that “his boys”, the of action The game included just about everything that a football game finds that the Boilermakers Will face an opponent that IS at
Cioss Country Team, would receive could include, except possibly a field goal least an equal to Marquette.
their fiist bit of expeiience this Sat- The only explanation that we can Offer for the laige numbei of fumbles Sunday’s game With Marquette, the Camp Grant WarBotoma'irTrack Team''ion.S- fn “'“■f;.™ “Pw riots were hard put to Rarely squeak through with a 7,7 tie, Boileimakei Track Team, cone,el ball and not the . nnner This aho would account to, the many long rnne touchdown With only onp minute to play;
mg of cioss countiy lunners, 'meets ^jj^t weie made
_ the Hoosiers at I U The CioSs Although the first team, as well as the othei men that saw action for the
Bill Eeed of Ripon College,
At Farm Meeting Friday
cated to Lou De Fillippo, SIX foot- Team will participate in Riveters, looketf good, the play was very sloppy compared to play in the |\ p Crarcorh Trt CnoaLr throwing a 43-yard touchdown
„ two inch, 220 pound former Fold- lelays, the quaitei mile, half Great Lakes and Maiquette games Illinois was expected to be moie or Iftm Wi Jiarjeill 10 jp0«i\ pg^gg Bifi Huber, a former
tough proposition,” said Assistant ham centei De Fillippo has played less of a push-over, and it wasn’t necessary for the fellows to play as
Coach Joe Dienhart, who scouted with foui diffeient teams duiing his hard as they could, and have the Warrioi crew that has lost but gudiion caieei, and has played at Uncertain a single game to Michigan Dien- both tackle and centei Although Coach Phillips is slight- „„ pTTrpKovrrH
hart pointed out that the huge Camp As a fieshman at New Haven ^ unceitam about piedictions of
Grant line, built around three for- High School in Connecticut, he teams success, he is confident Among the oddities of the game was the fact that Bill Stuait, although pimcipal speaker at the (hnner 2I6 pounds This line was out- staited his oiganized football play- Rivrters have enough^ abil- jjg earned the ball several times, nevei was ciedited with any yaidage meeting of the Indiana State ^ocie- «fiirHv hut also
ing, playing tackle on the fieshman-
Notre Dame end.
In the game, Marquette was
Dr George Scaiseth, of Univei- continuously being halted by sity Agronomy faculty, will be the powei ful Wairior line, which
mei piofessional stais, will weigh Puidue’s own lugged forward wall from eight to ten pounds
to the man
Statistics Good Although the Boileimakeis aveiaged slightly bettei than ten yaids a crack on lunning plays fiom scrimmage against Illinois, picking up 403 yaids in 39 attempts, 10 fumbles were a big factoi in halting scoring activities, and the coaches placed emphasis on careful ball handling thioughout the afternoon’s comparatively light dull
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding macnines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo* graph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main, I^fayette Phone 2779 Honey to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert e Loan Office 407 Columbia Typewriter service C L Gunkle Phone
6943
Lostr—'Gruen Curvex wrist watch Pinlc background with Roman numerals Phone 46782 -Wanted—Purdue students to work Thurs day and Saturday evenings as waiters Ex perience not necessary Good pay and short hours Elks Club Apply Frank Lenihan Wanted—Boys to woik at Purdue Memo
, , , ne caiiiea me oaii several umes, iievez was cieuueu wiwi any yaiuag« o — — - . Knf olan
ity and stamina to outspiint the f^nUed and lost possession of the ball every time that he ty of Faim Manageis and Rural not only heavy and sturdy, but also thiee opponents of the season, Cul- earned it from sciimmage On the very first play after entering the game. Managers which will be held in the exhibited some fast charging, too ver, I U , and Wisconsin Hlinoi’s Bill Butkovich tackled his brother and opponent Tony, and tackled Union Friday at 5 30 p m Sub- to give the Hilltopper backs
After going away foi these three Quote the PA system, “Butkovich just tackled Butkovich ” of his talk will he “Soil Fertil- whip up a scoring punch meets, the team will letinn for the gjg Mike Kasap had his heait set on scoiing a fioint against the Illini, Problems” and theie will be a State Meet on Novembei 6 On the teammates agreed to let him tiy for an extra point some time geneial discussion following the
ollowmg Satuiday the Boileimak- ^^ring the game However, his two attempts to accomplish this feat speech eis will take pait in the Big Ten wben asked about his success, Mike replied, “I guess I burned
Cioss Countiy Meet to be held at too much ”
Chicago Fiom the comments that we have heaid, the majority of the spectators Although it IS undecided at the expecting a great big cannon to be pulled out on the field at halfpiesent time, the team will piobably time, instead of the pint-sized job that is the “Purdue Cannon” Nevei paiticipate in the National Meet at theless, it is our^ foi the coming year and Will be much easier to keep than
Michigan State on Novembei 20, if j^.gg
the results of season piove favoi-
Square Dance Club Will Meet Tonight University square dance group
The Camp Grant team, out of 10 foiwaid passes attempted, completed two One of these was good for 43 yaids and a touchdown Maiquette attempted 25 forwards, completing 12, foi a total of 113 yaids On the ground. Camp Giant made 162 yaids lushing, while Mar-
quette made 61 yards
able
nal Union Cafeteria in Army and Navy and athletic tl ail Was. FoidhaiU Ulll
Line
Reward
Meet With Hoosiers Saturday To Close Fall Track Season The Boileimakei tiack team is busy piepaiing foi its fiist, last and only meet of the season this Saturday The team will close the outdoor
■ '' fall season against Indiana in a dual sophomoie team that yeai The next lelay meet at Bloomington yeai he letamed his post on that As yet,_Coach Allen has not desguad, and was the vaisity tackle in cided on any definite combinations his junioi and senioi yeais foi the diffeient relays, but sevexal The next step in Lou’s scholastic men aie listed as piobable staiteis
The quaitets foi the 440 and 880 le
PEP SESSION A SUCCESS
will hold its regular meeting tomoi- Chief Threat
low night fiom 7 30 until 9 in the About the chief threat that the
^ ,,, , , Camp Giant team can present to
Women’s Gym 411 regular stu- undefeated streak
The pep session Fiiday night was quite a success and well supported dents, service men and cadettes aie ggg^g j-g ^g the giound attack Its by all of the oiganizations on the campus The cheer leadeis are still a j„^,ted to join in the old fashioned foiwaid wall which averages 216 little ^familiar with our yells and songs, but with a little expeiience Instructions pounds will be mainly concerned m
LOU DePILIPPO
behind them, they should be bettei than ever for this coming week end
All to whom we have talked about the pep session, have favorable replies given to beginneis
to make and are hoping that the succeeding ones will be bigger and bettei
It looked foi a while in last Saturday’s game as though the Boiler Notice
makeis would not have to punt They maintained control'of the ball so well that it was the fourth quaiter befoie they were forced to kick Penalties were very evident m the Boileimakei statistics One of the most frequent violations, and it was also a fiequent one m the first two
games, was for the hackfield being in motion
Basketball practice will start Monday, October 18, at 4 p m. Candidates will be required to furnish their own equipment un-
til d squad is termed
—LAMBERT
tiying to stop “But” Butkovich, who now leads the Big Ten in scoring. The hackfield with Jim Dewar, forinei Indiana stai, and Tony Storti, late of Stout Institute, doing the lugging and Bill Reed doing the pitching may prove to be troublesome, but the Riveters think they can handle them, and will prove so
Satuiday
SPUTTERINGS
In the Octobei 15 copy of “Yank”, there is a paragiaph about Alex Agase, and he is named on the viiitei’s 1943 All Ameiican team We would ceitainly include Tony Butkovich on any list for All Ameiican
Hit; , , 1 , 1 J- 1 „ , , , Maiquette and Camp Giant battled to a 7 7 tie last Sunday, and if this Lost—Womans Bold Westfield watch at veisity wlieie he played foi foui lays will be chosen fiom Linblad, j ^ £ tu i. ..t. ^ 4.1. nr xi. -n 4 4, 44, ■P rally Friday SiEht Finder call 8413 nn i xi. ji i. ni 4 tt -n , , IS any indication of the strength of the Waiiiois, the Riveteis foithcom
p rally rriaay nignt i inoer can oiio yg^^^g Yi^heii he wds Oil the fiesh- Pleatmaii, Haivey^ Fenteis and
man team he was shifted to centei, Signis Staiteis foi' the mile relay wheie he has lemamed evei since will pi obably be picked fiom Van
In his sophomoie junioi a. d sen Deman Bede Dettwilei, McCarthy ;;;d77ncludm7 Tony^B^ffrovichrFian^^TazmTkrof
Jmi Millo of Notre Dame A good many other back, scored thiee
tor the Foidham Rams and in his The cross countiy team will join including fieshman Einie Paiks of Ohio State and Jim Alleidice
o *1. j A-n 14- 4^,, final season he was mentioned in the the tiack men in the two mile lelav rn. a-l -u n 4- e l-u o ^ l-l -n n i_ Seventh Term MEs and AEs It is time , ^ 01 Indiana The pioposed baseball torn of the SoXith Pacific aiea by v!oVs”“^cu7e"Th7roiro"wiTB"‘S."ro^ All Aiueiicau rating and was on the and the mile team race, Satuiday league stars has been cancelled because of lack of t.ansports to con
iilt^uT i i7r ?i’i ’ 7’ the playeis Alex Agase lecoveied the majority of Illinois’ ques^for Interkw cards 4 Confi^denLi Following Ills college giadiiatioii Haiiies and Mansfeldt aie the piob fumbles last Satuiday
Notices
ing game with them Satuiday should be a good battle to watch, but we 11 take the Riveteis by two touchdowns At least thiee football playeis thioughout the countiy scoied foui touchdowns m games ovei the week
Faculty Recommendation foim Watch ^^94]^ j^g played football foi the able staiteis foi the distance laces bulletin board and Exponent foi interview i v , t xi xi i i x m . rs notices —BOLZ New Yolk Giants in the National I*' the field events, Klaus and Suciu
Piofessional Football League handle the shot put and discus. About a yeai ago he enlisted in while Ramsey should take caie of the United States Navy, and now the high and bioad jump holds the lank ot Chief Specialist Coach Allen did not ventiue to He wa$ fiist stationed at the Nor make a prediction on the team’s folk Naval Base in Viiginia, and chances since he knows nothing then was tiansfeiied to Newpoit, about Indiana s potentialities, but
aiT member^ both servme‘’men anrcivilians Rhode Island, befoie being sent seemed pleased with the woik of
heie this summei the Boileimakeis thus fai He said He now teaches physical educa- that the boys have woiked haid all
Chnsti^ Science OrBapiMtion Regular jjgp ^}jg j^^yy boys stationed heie, season and have cut down then
meeting Tuesday Oct B at 7 30 in room v j ,
307 of the Union and IS also woikiiig on his Master s times fiom week to week Students Any sti^I^Twho wishes to woik Degree 111 that subject As a Chief Although the team boasts no out for the Registrar during the registration for Petty Officei he IS 111 chaige of the standing luiineis, tlieie aie seveial
Phi Kappa Tau fiateinity house men who have developed nicely dur-
University Club Membership dues for 43 44 are payable to secretary tieasuror now Membership caids must be shown at all meetings —BUTZ Faculty University Club dues for 1943 ■*944 are payable to secretary now
—BUTZ
Pi Kappa Phi Meeting will be held Tues day night at 7 in room 3o5 of the Union
and faculty advisors are urged to come
—CRAVEN
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
FRATERNITY BULLETINS Invitations, Fraternity Letter Heads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—Typewriter Paper—50c the ream LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY Phone 7828 511 Ferry Street
wmNoispomsmE OUR LOW PRICE
BACK THE ATTACK —WITH WAR BONDS
332 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE
the November Term November 5 and 1948 will please leave hib name at the desk m the Registrar s office —STONE
Attention Advanced M T s If you pui chased an August 1943 Debris i lease come to the Debris office to reeeive your copy —GRAUMLICH All Students Treasure hint and w n r roast this Friday evening at 8 p m Meet at Tower Room in Union —HERD Alpha Phi Omega Important meeting on Wednesday October 6 in room 302 of the Union All members are urged to attend —RUFF AWS Executive Board There m ill be no meeting this Tuebda> Meeting Tuebdaj Oetober 12 at 15 p m in AWS offie —VEIl Fraternity Presidents Council Meeting Thursday October at 7 p m in room 103 of the Union —LAYION KDR Fraternity Meeting in room i03 of the Union on Tuesday Actives pledge rushees be present at 30 p m —\\ LNDFI L Lutherans There is to be a bieycle hil e Sunday Evei>one is invited C me with oi Without bicyeles See Thursday b Exponent for meeting place Call Hilda G tt ng i o212 for information HOI LIDAY Tau Beta Pi Meeting 1 < 1 el new pledges will be held Wedrusday October ( in i m 263 of the Union at " i m — HANSLN Gimlet Club Imrortant meeting Welnes day October 0 at the DeJt house Pledging and party will be discussed BUTSCH Aeromodelers Regular meeting Wednes day October 6 at 30 j m in room 80 of the Union All winners of the last eon lest as announced in the Exponent ma\ pick up prizes at this meting y —CRISl Kappa Delta Pi Soeial business meeting at Mibs McFarlands apartmeit in the Vai sity Apartmentb at 30 tor ight —I EUTY Engineer Staff Jmportar t meeting of all staff members iuesday Oetober at I m All mubt be present —FISHER Ceres The Ceres hontraiy will hull i meeting Tuesdaj night Oetjler ’’ at 10 in room 2ii in th Union Serviee mernb i are especially invited —liUI E Gilder flub Regular meeting Tuesday at 7 30 in the Wcb.t l-aeulty I r ung< D nt (< rget dues —SCHROED? R Salesmen fir Hay hr ver tieketb report to howlei Hall tor ight at 4 i m All Students Those wlio wishes tr usher at Playnhop Oetober 13 to 10 fir perform uneu} Of Hay hevtr liras eallPIaysloi and leave youi name with thr s tr tarv Si LI FES Buy War Bonds ' And Stamps
Hew WBAA Annoyncers To Hold First Meeting Fust meeting will be held on Wednesday at 5 o’clock in the WBAA office foi students who have been accepted as ladio announceis
ing the season Linblad lecently tinned in a ten second effoit in the centiiiy, while Ramsey has hit 14 8 in the 120 high huidles Buy War Bonds And Stamps
ROOMS The Easiest
RENT?
<Tl.e VEISIIIWTOM MERRY-QO- ROUMD
The leaders and the peoples ot the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it ot special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearsen's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
Reach Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD \ • I in THE PURDUE EXPONENT