iy:pzr^.
Purdue
Z^lSS
dif non Ant iLji JUji^ JlliJj^ hJL V
Volume 52, No. 2
8 PAGES
Tueedcqr. September 10, ISMHI
iA
University Revives Former Tradition
With Fitness Convo
Band Prepares For Tomorrow's Convo In New Band Shell
f Audience Will Hear III
Side Of 'Bucket' Story
Reviving a custom of the past that had been discontinued in recent years, the University will sponsor a “Fitness Convocation,” to be held in the Music Hall tomorrow evening at 7:30. This is the first convo of the year and is being held partially for the purpose of acquainting the freshmen with the University, its fimctions, and its traditions. “Celebrity Parade” President Edward C. Elliott, acting as master of ceremonies, will present such famous figures as George Ade, ’87, David E. Ross, ’93, Dr. William H. Winterrowd, ’07, and Arch Ward, Sports Editor of the Chicago Tribune. “Spots” Emrick will conduct the Purdue Military Band, while A1 P. Stewart, directing the Men’s CAee Club, will be in charge of the music festivities for the evening. John Zuck, head yell leader will lead the audience in a few Purdue yells. During an athletic phase of the program the captains of the various teams, and heads of the campus athletic activities will be presented. President Elliott will present his views on preparedness in an address on “Fitness.” Arch Ward will deliver a tribute to the late Noble Kizer, after which the auditorium lights will be dimmed, a picture of Kizer will be shown on the screen and the audience will stand as taps are played. Winterrowd Will Present Mascot George Ade, natymally known humorist, will give the history of the Old Oaken Bucket and the Victory Bell. Ade’s address will be followed by the presentation of the new Purdue Mascot by Dr. William Winterrowd. As a last minute addition to the conyo program, the University announces that Dr. Clarence Jones, Chicago, an Ihdiana University graduate, will present the lU side of the story concerning the founding of the Old Oaken Bucket. The program, beginning at 7:30 p. m., is as follows: “March of the Brave” (Zamecnik) Band. “Fitness,” Pres. Elliott Tribute to Noble E. Kizer, Arch Ward “j^ve kMaria” (Arcadelt) “Soldiers of Fortune” (Romberg) Men’s Glee Club “A Timely Challenge,” David E. Ross, ’93 The Purdue Student Union, Alexander B. Clarke, Pres. Victory Bell and Old Oaken Bucket, George Ade, ’87, and student leaders. Presentation of Purdue Mascot, William H. Winterrowd, ’07 (Continued on page 7)
As the first rehearsal of the current season, the famed Purdue AllAmerican Band will assemble this afternoon at 4 in the Concert Band Shell of the Hall of Music to liegin preparing for the University convocation tomorrow night. The second and final rehearsal for the convo will be held tomorrow after 4. With a complement of approximately 170 musicians, the Military Band has enlarged nearly all its instrumental sections in order to utilize as many of the qualified freshman applicants as possible in the formations planned for the approaching football season as well as the winter concert season.
Hadley Announces 194M1 Religious
Convo Speakers
Locomotive Works Completes Mascot;
School's Symbol Now Enroute 'Home'
With the time for the whistle on the kick-oif of this year’s first football game close at hand. University men and women and particularly members of the Reamer Club are looking forward to the arrival of the Purdue mascot. Since the start of the drive last fall for the mascot, much has occurred to delay its building. Although its arrival is expected at any time. Reamers are crossing their fingers. Last year during homecoming after agitation for a mascot. Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary, inauguratjed a drive to raise the necessary funds for building the mascot. By that time the idea had taken the form of a locomotive mounted on an automobile chassis. Three Reamer men then journeyed to Chicago for the Purdue-North-westi^m game and a meeting of the Purdue Chicago Club before the game. At the banquet of the Club, W. H. Winterrowd, president of the national association of Purdue alumni and vice-president of the Baldwin Loconiotive Works in Philadelphia, offered to build the superstructure for the mascot if the club
Military Students Receive Advanced
R 0 T C Positions
Six Colonels, Fourteen Lt. Colonels Selected
According to a statement released yesterday by the Military department 169 men m the advanced RO TC unit here, have been given the following appointments: Colonels—Meese, W. G.; Aull, L. E; Ward, W. A.; Gibson, B. W.; Keane, M. E.; Kettenring, K. N.
Lieutenant Colonels — Blackwell, J. R.; Kettler, A. W.; Woodling, V. A. ; Holcomb, W. L.; McCammon, L. B. ; Sollitt, G. T.; Thompson, K. J.; Massey, R. G.; Christy, J. W.; Wheeler, S. H.; Stephens, T. J. R.; Roth, F. J.; Weed, A. C.; Blakalee, E. L.
This year will see the first religious convocations ever held in the new'Hall of Music. Dr. Laurence Hadley chairman of the committee for arrangement of the Convocations for Worship, announced today an interesting program of five nationally recogmzed religious leaders and two musical programs scheduled for the school year. Seven monthly convocations will be held. First Speaker The first address will be given by Dr. Robert R. Wicks. He is dean of Princeton University. HVwill appear on Sunday evening,_JE>ctober 13, at 7:30. The general public will be admitted to this program. Msgr. Fulton J. Sheen, Catholic University faculty member, has been engaged to speak Sunday, Nov. 17. Wednesday, Dec. 18, the ever popular Christmas concert will presept the expanded University choir of 300 to 400 voices under the able leadership of A. P. Stewart, University choral director. 3 Religious Leaders Three national religious leaders will be on the platform during the following months. Bishop Henry Hobson of Cincinnati has accepted the invitation of Sunday, Jan. 12. The pastor of Christ Church in New York City, Df. Ralph Sockman, appears Sunday, Feb. 9, and Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver of the Temple of Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday, March 16. The concluding program will consist of Easter music by the choir Friday, April 11. ^ Other committee members planning the convocation schedule include: Prof. 0. F. Hall, C. E. Dammon. Prof. Victor Albjerg, A. P. Stewart, and R. E. Swanson, a student.
Majors—Stallwood, L; Post, J. W.; Goebel, H. C.; Harvey, H. E. Noland, T. C.; Norquest, C. L. Storms, J. R.; Jungerman, G. R. Machery, R. E.; Kennedy, D. D Brummett, J. D.; Williams, R. I Goerss, A. C.; Wist, H.; Marsh, W D.; Oswalt, J. W.;
Captains—Taylor, W. F.; Slate, F. 0.; Yates, A. W.; Pacey, J. J.; Myers, H. D.; Golding, B.; Wadsworth, J. F.; Meyers, A W.; Hudson, J. W.; Vanderbilt, V. C.; Stanford, G. W.; Gale, G. 0.; Wayne, J. C.; Milligan, H. E.; Wagar, W. E. Jackewicz, B. S.; Silcock, W. F.; Vana, J. J.; Slater, J. P.; Caldwell, F. P.; Stewart, J.; Jansing, R. E.; Cartwright, K. 0.; Fisher, J. D.; Fritzlen, G. A.; Dilts, R. A.; Brennan, P. J.; Deapster, W. M.; NoEris, M. L.; McColgm, W. E.; Carmichael, C. W.; McCann, J. R.
Yeager, D. L.; Marquis, S. D.; Brewer, G. W.; Kellog, R. H.; Gilmore, L. D.; Triplett, M. C.; Hall, H. R.; Douglass, D. L.; Mumahan, R. E.; Dudzsinki, J. J.; Morrison, R. H.; Wolverton, P. W.; Duecker, J. F.; Gray, L. H., Jr.; Teel, L. L.; Brown, E. S.;
1st Lieutenants—Atkinson, L. L.; Cook, H. L.; Thayer, R. V.; Knapp, W. A.; Allman, M. S.; Knotts, F.; Kelsey, F. B.; Underwood, E. E.; Kuznicki, J. F.; Miller, L. M.; Hesterberg, G. A.; Richardson, F. C.; Cappel, R. E.; Curand, J. R.; Payne, R.; Jacobson, J. R.
Schilling, E. W.; Wheeler, R. R.; Guard, W. H.; Titus, J. C.; Hawes, H. V.; Harriman, T. I.; Siljander, W. A.; Lamoureaux, V. W.; Colquhoun, R. S.; Williamson, A. B.; Kratch, H. F.; Weglinski, H. A.; Captain, W. E.; Schaefer, H. W.; Oeftiger, R. R.; Gedge, B. H.
(There is a historical review of the religious convocations of the past on page 4 of today’s paper.)
would furnish the chassis. The club had the good fortune then to receive a 1940 Studebaker Champion chassis from the Studebaker Corporation in South Bend. Since that time, however, business matters have held up work on the mascot until this summer. Then work was completed on designs submitted by J. D. Hoffman, ME ’40, and modified by another Purdue graduate employed at the Baldwin plant. Changes in the chassis were made through the generosity of the Ross Gear and Tool Company and the Peter Anderson Motor Company of Lafayette. On September 6 the chassis arrived in Philadelphia to receive the superstructure^^ut once again the fates conspired to nearly thwart the plans of ardent boosters . . . while enroute the moorings tore loose, resulting in a sprung frame and another delay. Latest word has it that repairs have been mad^, the superstructure mounted, and the long nwaited emblem of Biolermaker athletic teams is again enroute by rail.
Fitness Convo PubllcHy
300 Honor Claude Wickard
At Alumni Banquet In Union
PHOTO BY ARCHIBALD
PRESIDENT EDWARD C. ELLIOTT is shown here addressing University freshmen gathered in the Music Hall for the first session of the annual Orientation program Saturday.
Freshman Enrollment Shows
Little Change From Last Year
Freshman Co-eds Attend WSGA's'Gel
Acquainted' Tea
DuBroff, W. C.; Money, J. P.; Robertson, C. E.; Huntsinger, G. O.; Curtis, J. A.; Faut, D. R.; Schulenborg, T. W.; VonBuelow, R. F.; Kirkpatrick, G. B.; Steele, A. D.; Kepner, W. A.; Caffee, D. F.; Stout, G. C.; Ganzar, P. C., Jr.; Klein, W. J.; Low, J. N.; Klinker, J. E.; Allen, D. P.
Approximately four hundred freshmen co-eds and counselors attended a tea held Sunday afternoon from 3 to 5 o’clock in the north Women’s Residence Hall. The tea is an annual event sponsored by WSGA for the purpose of giving incoming freshmen women an opportunity to become acquainted with faculty members and upperclassmen.
All indications pointed to a freshman class that may approximate last year’s record breaking group as close to 2,100 new students gathered in the Hall of Music at the University Saturday for the opening of the annual Orientation Period which jWill continue through today. The turnout of freshmen and transfer students somewhat exceeded expectations, it being estimated that the group attending the initial meeting this year varied less than 100 from last year when the present freshman record of 2,197 was established. Additional enrollments within the next few days are expected to swell the total.
Elliott''Welcomes Frosh
Bruck, L. W.; Miller, R. F.; Hess, L. A.; Wagner, H. L.; Danford, L. E. ; Miers, M. L.; McFadden, C. A.; Hauter, R. L.; Wentzel, D. E.; Metcalf, S. L.; Manton, J. J.; Stahn, J. A.; Venable, J. M.; Brackman, O. W.; Rodenberg, H. M.; DeHoog, R. F.
The receiving line was composed of Professor and Mrs. F. C. Hockema; Dorothy Stratton, dean of women; Clare Coolidge, assistant to dean of women; Dean Matthews, of the school of home economics; Paula Zwierlein, WSGA president; Emmaline Farrell, chairman of transfer orientation; and Jane Black, chairman of freshman orientation.
Luthi, R. A.{ Marschke, L. O.; Royer, A. E.; Evans, H. P.; Kirk, C. T.; Gray, F. A.; Maynard, R. E.; Powell, J, A.; Bramberry, H. M.; Van Scoter, A. B.; Yant, R. E.; Jarmotz, P.; Mock, 0. L.; Byelene, M.; Hawker, R. E.; McColley, R. M.; Murray, P. C.; Frey, G. J.; Bodkin, J. A.
Special faculty guests included R. B. Stewart, controller; Miss Bovee, head of the new science curriculum; Miss Irene Feldt, head of women’s placement; and deans of all schools, heads of home economics department, and residence hall assistants.
Gold Peppers Meet To Plan
Upperclassmen pouring tea were Mary E. Scarff, Alice Newton, June Close, Mary Jane Bird, Mary Ann Carpenter, Agnes McCulloch, Jane Van Gorkham, and Jeanne Chandler.
The opening activities of the Orientation period, which is designed to bridge the gap between high school and college, included an address of welcome by President E. CT Elliott, and an introduction to Purdue^ songs and yells under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, choral director, and John A. Zuck, head yell leader. Instructions regarding preliminary registration were given by Registrar R. B. Stone, and the new students were introduced to the Dean of Women and Dean of Men, Dr. Dorothy C. Stratton and Prof. M. L. Fisher, respectively, both of whom made short talks. Instructions regarding the procedure to be followed in the Orientation tests were given by Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference.
YWCAWillSponsor
Co-ed Tea Sunday
To discuss publicity for the Fitness Convocation Wednesday night, the Gold Peppers, women’s honorary, held a meeting last night in room 216 of the Union. In conjunction with Gimlet and Reamers, junior men’s athletiq honoraries, the Gold Peppers are sponsoring the convocation and urge all students tb attend tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Hil^ueic HalL Georgia Cari;oll, president, was in charge of the meeting.
Co-ed Hours
According to an announcement received from the office of the Dean of Women the following co-ed hours will be maintained for the remainder of the week. All co-eds will have 12 o’clock hours tonight. Tomorrow night upperclass women will have 11 o’clock hours while freshman coeds are to be in their place of residence by 7 p. m. Friday Saturday will be 1 o’clock nights with 11 o’clock hours on Sunday.
New Agriculture Secretary Greets
Ag Alumni, Guests
Secretary of Agriculture Claude R. Wickard and family came back to Purdue last night as guests of the Purdue .Agricultural Alumni Association to attend a banquet in the secretary’s honor. Three hundred ag alumni and Wickard friends from Carroll and a dozen other counties attended the banquet, toastmastered by V. C. Freeman, associate dean of Agriculture. Wickard, who graduated from the School of Agriculture in 1915, was appointed to the secretaryship of agriculture August 19, to succeed Henry A. Wallace. Gives Skinner Credit In his short, personal address Secretary Wickard described agricultural governmental activities. Behind it all, he said, was former dean of the School of Agriculture J. H. Skinner. Dean Emeritus Skinner entered Wickard in the School of Agriculture in 1910. Prior to the main address of the evening Dean Skinner told of Wiekard’s undergraduate days at Purdue. Reading from Wickard’s “final exam” Dean Skinner said, “First (after graduation) I wish to retom to the farm and to become a successful farmer. I want to do that before I try to run or tell some one how to run his farm.” | Brings Family Along Secretary Wickard was accompanied to Purdue by his wife and mother. His daughter; Ann, enrolled in the University last Saturday in the School of Home Economics. Frank Hockema welcomed. Secretary Wickard for the University, in the absence of President E. C. Elliott. Preceding the introductions the audience joined in “community singing”^ led by T. E. Shaw, of the Forestry department. As a special entei^tainment feature, two jifoungsters from., Carroll County, Darrell Zinn and Bobbie Pettinner, presented, respectively, singing and accordion playing. Mary Johnston of West Lafayette also contributed to the program with her singing.
Former WRH West Changes Its Name; Wood Hall In Future
In memory of Elizabeth G. and Will R. Wood, the west residence hall for women will be known in the future as Wood Hall. Will R. Wood, who served for many years as congressman from this congressional district nad became chairm^ of the House Appropriations Committee, on his death named the Uniwrsity residuary beneficiary of his will, stating that this bequest, of $200,000, should preferably be used for a residence hall for women, to be named Elizabeth G. and Will R. Wood Memorial HaU.
Staff Member Writes
Freshman co-eds will be introduced to the activities of the Young Women’s Christian Association at the annual tea sponsored by the organization on Sunday, September 16, in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. A short vesper service will be included in the program^ Following the tea, co-eds will havet an opportunity to sign YWCA membership cards. Wilma Wierenga, social chairman in charge of a^irangements, has urged all counselors to , bring their counselees to the tea.
For 'Commerdai Fertilizer'
“Indiana Soils Need More Plant Nutrients,” writes Dr. George D, Scareth, soil chemist for the University agricultural experiment shsk* tion in the 1940 Year Book Commef^ cial Fertilizer. He explains that soSh exploitation is simitar to that of other natural deposits and then coqK tinues by showing that soils of tha humid regions differ in riehaesok Tim artiole encoqjchget use of commercial fert^ers in maintain or increase crop yields.
\1
1PURDUE EXPOHENT
Tuesddy^ Septeinber 10^
7^ ‘44.’*'
%/■
^ i^'
Bold and Black
It has long been customary for Purdue men, co-eds and prexys to arise to the ayem and immediately upon picking up their copy of the Exponent to turn to B & B and begin to curse fluently. At times these yillifications have been known to curdle the cream in the coffee they are drinking and it is not at all unusual to see a blue haze seeping out under the dining room door. —B&B— We do know a couple, however, that they howl the loudest when their name is mentioned and then clip the item for a scrap book. —B&B— By this time, dear readers, you no doubt have come to the conclusion that this is a scandal column. Gould be. We print no untruths, however, and are willing, upon the presentation of accredited FBI credentials and a search waxrant, to present fully documented proof of each item. If yoU can catch us. —B&B— As proof of the fact that we are a low minded individual we present a particularly juicy item copied from a page in Chi 0 pledge Virginia Fox’s notebook. We still have the page and are willing to return it for a sum. The gem is a poem written apparently in a moment of private abandon—following Bill’s name written fully 20 times-— It goes—Bill Ogden--You’re so sweet my dear. Oh why aren’t you here? I love you
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as-second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorined January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and. weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $3.50.
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
EdItor-in-Chief... Business Manager.....
Publication Staff
News Editor — — J. H. McKee Managing Editor.................... D. K. Hdiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, I* W. Kuffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. / Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J; Shadford; Circulation Manager, R, M.
Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor ....Beth Simj>son Associate Editors : Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor ... — - J. P. Dolan Associate l^itora: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O, Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York; N. Y, Tuesday, September 10, 1940.
eu/d
By Doiuia Siess Women’s Athletic Assocmtion, fall activities will be opened with a tea Tuesday, September 17, to be held at some outside spot to be announced at a later date. All co-eds are invited to attend this meeting at which time the organization’s activities will be discussed. Members of the physical education department faculty will be introduced as will the head of the various sports. : —WAA— . This year’s sports are in charge of the following people: hockey.
Gail Hennis; teiinis, Shirley jUnhoff ; archery, Manaca Burglar; and speedball, Jean Stiegerwald. Ort September 18 Callouts for hockey, tennis, and golf will be held iii the gymnasium at 4 p. m. Archery callout will be September 23 and modern dance callouts on September 24. An girls interested in participating in these sports are urged to attendthe trouts. '—WAA— ■ During registration a list of coeds is being made and the co-eds being divided into wards. October
7, 8^ and 9 parties for each of the wards vnll be heldl WAA-i--', On October 14 ah exhibition hockey game will be pi’esented by the tl. Si touring team. This team is, composed of professionals who tour the country^ presenting their exhibi-1, tions. It will be open to all co-eds.
I adore you Oh for your arms! —B & B— ’Nuff saijcL-ro
10':00 a. m. tomorrow.
-HOFFER.
Notices
No notices received after 6 p. m. Exponent Work Schedule: Wednesday for Thursday’s paper; Skallerup, Night Editor ; Zinski, Asst. Night , Editor; Miller, Day Editor. All sophomores please report if possible. —McKEE.
Wesley Foundation: First meeting of Student Council will be held tonight, 7 p. m., at Foundation. McFADDEN.
of all officers and anyone else interested in working for the club on Tuesday, Sept. 10, at 7 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. --LUERS.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomore Union workers or other sophomores who wish to serve as clerks on the Student Book Exchange please , report as soon as possible in'; the south ballroom of the Union building. ' ' —BRANDT.^
The student book exchange is in need of more books used in technical and scientific courses. Many books were received yesterday and the exchange will be open today from 10:00 a. m. till 6 p. m. to receive more books. Selling will start at
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: There will be a meeting of all sophomore co-eds who are planning on working this year at 4 p. m., Wednesday, September ll, in the Exponent office. ' —SIMPSON.
Classified Ads *'^odern, attractive rooms; four blocks fr^ Union: two doubles, one small single. 114 South Salisbury. ‘ Band Uniform for Sale. CHEAP. Size 37. Phone 75721.
MARS -TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
lYNN v'
EXTRA
PETE SMITH'S 'What's Your I. Q.'
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
TODAY-TOMORRaW DOUBLE FEATURE I HEDY LAMARR ROBERT TAYLOR In the Flaming Tropic Love Drama! LADY OF THE TROPICS PLUS —
JAMES CAGNEY Terror of the Badlands As The OKLAHOMA KID —with— HUMPHREY BOGART ROSEMARY LANE
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
JOE E. BROWN in . '.. ' . WIDE OPEN FACES _—__L PLUS —
HEART OF THE NORTH In Technicolor
Newman Club: There will be a meeting
Wanted: 2 boys to share furnished cottage with cooking privileges. Reasonable. 132 Sheets.
BRING YOUR ROOKS
Set Your Price
Your Friends
STUDENT BOOK EXCHANGE Selling Starts 10:00 A, M. — Wednesday, September 11 South BallroomUnion Building
room more enioyabf^ priced necessities.'
Indirectly diaded to cast a sufiicient light—soft yet clear. Prevents eye straia
Walnut Fiiiish
Period and modernistic furniture to dress up your room. Solidly construaed—praaical designs. Hand rubbed walnut finish.
MAGAZINE RACK with two sections ... . 98c METAL WASTE BASKET ... .. . . ..20c 12 Pocket SHOE BAG . . . . . . ...... 25c Electric EXTENSION CORDS .... 25c and up
Throw RUGS 29c Plaids and fancy patterns to give a "homey” tou^. Use several around your room.
5e to *t^$tor0$ Conm Third and GolonMa Sfa.
J- - /' ^: LEARN TO DANCE correctly ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed., Sept. 18, 7;30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Sept.>19, 7:30 P. M. Children's Classes Sat., Sept. 21 PHONE 2150 ALLEN SgTH* FERRY
COOL WASHED AIR
Terry and the Pirajtes," Chaptei- 8
THURS. — FRI.~ SAT. TWO FISTEb RANGERS FIGHTING MAD ADVENTURES OF RED RYDER
EXTRA
BING CROSBY And His Sport Pals in 'SWING WITH BING'
HEALTHFULLY COOLED laUMA today—WED^—Two Hits
Plus .. . 2nd Feature ... ..
'm ■#Tu«s<kty< September 10, 1940
PORPUE EXPONENT
\ w «
\ w «
1,716 Students Set New High In'S S’ Attendance
Exponent Covets Stories And Events
In'SS'Editions The University 1940 summer session, affectionately abbreviatecl “SS” in the SS Exponent throughout the summer, opened with registration of 1716 students (breaking all previous attendance record^) on Thursday, June 13, and closed officially on Saturday, August 10, after a three-day period of those “tough” summer school finals. According to the SS Exponent’s tally, these were the summer’s important stories. Thursday, JHine 13 — Students Register for Summer Session Today; Classes Begin Tomorrow; Camps, Chemicals Started—Starting this morning at 7 o’clock with registration in rooms 313 and 314
of the Executive Building, the 1940 summer session, directed by Dr. P. B. Knight of the education and applied psychology j department, will get underway. Registration will continue until 4 o’clock today. Tomorrow morning classes for regular summer school students will begin. Chemical engineers and foresters attending the forestry camp at Henr3nrille and civil engineers working out at Ross Camp are a jump ahead of the regular
students.
CAA To Train 105 Pilots In New Summer Program; Physical Examinations Underway, Actual Training To Begin Saturday—Preliminary physical examination of applicants for the University CAA flight training course to be offered for a field of 106 interested persons here this summer began Tuesday by the Student Health Service of the University, according to G. Stanley Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation and in charge of the flight training program. Chemists Meet on Campus Tomorrow; Mid-West Convention of AChS Expected To Draw 300 Scien-
tists—^American leaders in the field of chemistry and chemical engineering will gather at the University tomorrow and Saturday for the annual mid-west meeting of the American Chemical Society. This meeting which is being sponsored by the University section of the AChS is expected to attract 260 to 300 scientists, who will discuss “Recent Trends in Chemistry and
Chemical Engineering.”
55 Fraternity' Men Here For Second Officers’ School—Fifty-five fraternity officers and members representing 28 fraternities of 18^ colleges and universities from over the nation are convened on campus in the second annual Fraternity Of-
ficers’ Training School.
Dr. James Smart Memorial Window Dedicated Sunday—As a part of the commencement exercises last Sunday, a stained glass window, commemorating Dr. James Henry Smart, president of the University from 1883 to 1900, was unveiled in the Union. The window is located above the steps between the first and second floors at the west
entrance of the Union.
You can iind 101 uses for the money you will be able to save on Southworth’s used texts and approved supplies for all your courses.
Make it a Point . . . to come to Purdue^s Favorite Bpok \ Store for complete student service.
PIMXIEeOOKMliHlY STORE
CSIppipY-MAliAOER
30a-l0 STATE STREET WEiT LAFAYETTE INQ
\ \
Tuesday, June 18—^Rural Leaders Register For Twelfth Annual School; Youth Meet for Third Leaders’ Training Classes; Sessions Start This Morning — Registration for the twelfth annual Rural Leadership School and the third annual Leadership Training School for Indiana rural youth was in progress yesterday at the University. The first scheduled session got under way last night at Fowler Hall, where Frank C. Uockema, assistant to the president, yrelcomed the visiting groups to the campus, and President Hassil Schenck of the Indiana Farm Bureau was the principal speaker. CAA Limit Reduced To 60, Ten Alternates Named; Accepted Applicants Must Report For Final Physical Examinations—Sixty students and ten alternates have had their applications accepted for the civilian pilot training course this summer. The original number proposed for the University was 106, but it has been reduced to 60. This reduction was made when other colleges asked for CAA training in their curricula, thus decreasing the allowable number for the Univer-
sity.
Training School For Housemothers Opens—One hundred and twen-ty-five housemothers from over the nation met here yesterday in the
Look
Here is The
GARLAND ^BHOWSER^ cJjejstgneJl Lp /QN Ideal Sweater that tl/j will make you look better. Styled for wear without care almost anywhere —~ In class, on the campus, at play, at rest. Always looks spick and chic ... Featured in Vogue, * Harper's Bazaar, Mademoiselle—and in smart ''college*' shops. Priced about 4^98 ... Please write for name of nearest shop and for free Style Booklet ''C." ★ star —Now Appaaring In “STRIKE UP THE BAND" DLYMPIC 13/2 8ROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY
opening session of the second annual H"oUsemothers’ Training School, which will continue until July 12, Dean Dorothy Stratton, dean of women at the University, IS in charge of the school. Friday, June 21—^First Convocation Sunday Night; Students To Hear War’s Educational, Religions Aspects—Dr. Homell Hart, professor of sociology at Duke University, Durham, N. C., will speak on “Religious and Educational Aspects of the War in Europe” at the first religious convocation of the summer session Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Youth Conference Ends Today, Leaders Continue—N early 300 members of the Indiana Rural Youth Organization, in session at the University during the last five days for the third annual Rural Youth Leadership Training School, will conclude their conference activities this afternoon, with specially arranged tours of University farms. Adult rural leaders, here for their ►twelfth annual Leadership School, will continue their sessions until June 28. Stale - Wide Music Leadership School To Begin Monday—^Registratiion for the Music Leadership Training School will be held Monday from 8 to 9 a. m. in Albert Stewart’s office in the Music Hall. Chorus directors, public school music teachers, ministers, and home economics chorus directors from over the state will attend. Tuesday, June 25—Hold First Songfest Tomorrow In Music Hall; Stewart To Direct Audience In Singing Well Known Songs; Program Will Feature Xylophone Band —Providing one of the highlights of the summer session entertainment program, the first songfest of the season will be held in the new Hall of Music tomorrow night at 8 o’clock under the direction of A. P. Stewart, director of campus musical organizations. ^ Tickets For Barbecue, Fish Fry Go On Sale Today—^Tickets for the barbecue and fish fry, to be Jbeld this Friday afternoon, and evening in Russell’s woods, just northwest of Ross-Ade Stadium, will go on sale at the Union west desk this afternoon at 4 o’clock, it was announced yesterday by Paul Hamman, student chairman of ticket
sales.
Pill Rollers Accept Bowling Challenge, Miller Stands On Reputation —Regarding the Exponent’s challenge to Doc Miller’s highly touted (that is by Doc Miller) Pill Rollers, a report received from the Health Service yesterday stated that the good Doctor accepted the challenge without reservation, and said that the Pill Rollers had outbowled many a good team, but that this would be the first time they had ever beaten the Exponent. Outstanding quotation of the day was made by Jim McKee, captain of the Exponent squad, when in answer to Doc Miller’s statement he said, “Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, and quack.” Friday, June 28—^Dairy Scientists
Will End Annual Meeting Today; Closing Sessions Conunenimrata Babcock Test; Borden Award Winners Named At Dinner—A program commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the development of the Babcock Test, which marked a milestone of iwogres? in the dairy industry, high - lighted yesterday’s sessions of the thirty-fifth annual meeting of the American Dairy Science Association at the UMversity. Registration reached a record breaking total of close to 700, with dairy scientists from 36 different states, Canada, and Hawaii in at-
tendance.
Dean A. A. Potter Given Lamme Award; Honored by Society for Promotion of Engineering EdneaHmt —Dean A. A. Potter of the University schools of engineering was highly honored at Berkeley, Calif., last night when he was presented the Lamme Medal which is awarded each year at the annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education “to a chosen advancement of the art of technical training.” Barbecue, Fish Fry Today, North of Fieldhonse—^Today at 4 p. m. the first University barbecue and fish fry, replacing the picmc of former yedrs, will get imder way in the grove of trees north of the Fieldhouse. The dinner, however, consisting of barbecued beef and pork, fish, baked beans, cole slaw, potato chips, cookies, buns, ice cream, and iced tea, will not be served until 6 p. m. Wednesday, July 3—$48,000 WPA Grant For Airport — A WPA grant of $48,000, making possible a major step in the advancement of University airport facilities in the interest of national defense, was announced yesterday by G. Stanley Meikle, airport executive and director of the Purdue Research Foundation. ^ Second Annual Music Fpstivil To Open Here Saturday; Streamlined Version of “Carmen” In Music HalJ Will Climax Program—^The University’s second annual Music Festival, to be held in the Music HaU Saturday, July 13, will provide-music lovers an opportunity to see the “streamlined version” of “Carmen” and a star ballet as well as Indiana’s aspirants to the Chicagoland Music Festival. Beginning at 1 p. m., the program includes the individual and choral competitions during the afternoon, the ballet and the preseu^r tation of winners early in the evening, and “Carmen” climaxing the evening’s entertainment. Educational Clinic Opens Here July 9; 400 Expected; Publishers To Exhibit In South Ballroom; Meet Ends With Annual SS Banquet—^Registration f<ff the University’s third annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic will begin Tues&y morning, July 9, in the Union building. Meetings of the clinic will be held in the north ballroom, and approxinaately 400 school superintendents are expected to attend the course which will end July 11. Wednesday, July 10—Wolfe W® Speak At Summer Session Dinn^t Will Address Students on “Demee^ (Continued on page 5)
< Baltimore Clothes Shop Wishes to Extend a Welcome to Purdue Freshmen Quality Clothes Hats and Furnishings Baltimore Clothes Shop 414 Main Streetf i -
|^'‘^ . . ^ ,<,, , j a,j, «'’*f; ^ fl>t'.«|r'"' i'‘ ,i!i \ #.>, *' / r- \ . ^fe n * > V ‘ ' i ‘ !■ i- I f ' ' 1 <s'!; ^ . . f i '
PURDUE EXPONENT
f /
Tuesddty, September 10^ 1940 i1i I f II I
4
Religious Convos Rise From Student, Wilkening To Head
Faculty Need For Spiritual Services Six years ago, President E. C. Elliott, sensing the need for a religious service on the Purdue campus that would contribute to the spiritual welfare of the students and faculty regardless of race or creed, designated Dr. L. Hadley to plan a series of religious convocations. The series started in September, 1934, the original plan being to hold one each month except June when the baccalaureate service takes place; however, as the University choir grew, it became more evident that a convocation in September was not desirable because of the difficulty in training 180 singers. As a result, after the second year the first convocation was held in October.
Attendance and interest have grown steadily since the beginning. The first year showed an average attendance of 900, the second an average of 1,000. Since then the numbers have grown until the attendance could no longer be accommodated in Fowler Hall which holds 1,500. On a number of occasions more than 100 people have remained standing in order that they might hear the message of the distinguished clergymen invited to speak and hear the splendid music by the choir. As many as 200 or 300 people have been turned away because of the laige number standing. To solve this problem this year the convocations will be held in the Hall of Music, thus assuring everyone of seats. It has been the custom to have Christmas music by the choir in December and Easter music at the Easter season. These two convocations became so popular with students and townspeople that it was necessary to give the programs twice. Dr. Hadley has searched out and secured as our visiting clergymen the greatest preachers of America.
In the six year period sixteen of America’s most inspiring authorities on religion have been invited to speak at these convocations. A few of them have come only once, but most of them have returned several times. ! Enders To Lecture On Eastern Problems History 130, “Far Eastern Problems and Contemporary Affairs,” with Gordon Enders as lecturer is being offered by the University again this year. The course is being offered as an elective to juniors and seniors. Classes will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 10 o’clock. Included in the course will be a study of the problems of the Far East, the conflict of Japan, China and other powers, and the nature of American interests in this region.
Instructional Staff In Marriage Course Dr. H. E. Wilkeriing of the men’s physical education department, who is in charge of the marriage course this year, has announced that the first meeting will be held on Thurs-
day, September 19.
A nearly complete list of the semester’s speakers ^nd their subjects is as follows: Dr.,Eastwood, “Recreational Activities”; Prof. Hazdton, “Recreational Activities for Women”; Dr. O. F. Hall, “Sociological Adjustments”; Dr. Estey, “The Economic Phase of Marriage”; Dean Matthews, “Budgeting and General Economic Conditions in the Home”; Dr. Gilbreth, “Problems Incident to the Raising of a Family and General Planning for the Maintenance of a Home”; and Dr. Kelly, “Pschological Adjustpients.” Dr. Eastwood’s and Prof. Hazdton'* talks will be the only ones for which the students will be separated ac-’'^*^
coiding to sex.
This year the classes will be limited to twenty men and twenty women. Their selection will be based upon the results of the personal interview with Dr. Wilkening, and on what it is thought the students can contribute to the course. At each meeting, after the talk, the class will be divided into four groups of five women and five men each. In these group meetings there will be a discussion of problems which the students would like to take up with the leader (professor) at some future meeting of the class. The marriage course is open to seniors only, and it carries two
hours credit.
Registration Schedule
I. Distinguished students of June, 1940, have the privilege of registering Monday, September 9, at 8 a. m., or at any other time during the
registration period.
II. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to
the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
Roh-Sh Tues., Sept. 10, 8 tOO A. M, Ta-Wat . Tuea., Sept. 10, 9:00 A. M. Si-Sz . Tues., Sept. 10, 8:80 A. M. Wau-Zz Tues., Sept. 10, 9:30 A. M. III. Undergraduate and special students who have unremoved C, D or F grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to
the first letters of their surnames, as follows;
Aa-Ber Bes-Bz
Ca-Cr Cs-Er Es-GI
Gm-Hen Heo-Joh
Joi-Kz
Tues, Sept. 10^ 10;0i) A. KL Tues., Sept. 10, 10:80 A.JVI. Tues., Sept, 10, 11:00 Am Tues., Sept. 10, 11:80 A.M. Tues., Sept. 10. 1:00 P. M. Tues., Sept, 10, 1:80 P. M. Tues , Sept. 10, 2:00 P. M. Tues., Sept, 10, 2:80 P, M.
8:00 P. M. 8:80 P. M.
4:00 P. M. 8:00 A.M. 8:80 A. M. 9:00 A. M. 9:80 AM
La-Mc Tues., Sept. 10, Maa-Moo Tues., Sept. 10,
' (incl. all Mac)
Mop-Pes Tues., Sept. 10, Pet-Rogr Wed., Sept. 11, Roh-Sh Wed., Sept. 11, Sl-Sz Wed., Sept. 11, Ta-Wat Wed., Sept. 11,
Wau-Zz Wed., Sept, 11, 10:00 A M, IV. Old students on probation register according to the first letters
of their surnames,/as follows:
Aa-Con Wed., Sept 11, 10:80 A. M,. Leh-Pef Wed., Sept. 11, 1:80 P.M. Coo-Ham Wed., Sept. 11, li :00 A. M Peg-Sta Wed., Sept 11, 2:00 P. M. Han-Leg Wed., Sept 11, 1:00 P. MT Stb-Zz Wed.., Sept. 11. 2:80 P. M. V. New undergraduate and special students register according to
their numbers in the Orientation Period, dis follo-s^s;
1- 22 83- 44 45- 66 67- 88 89-110 111-182 133-164 165-176 177-198 199-229 221-242 243-264 265-286 287-308 309-330 331-352 363-374 376-396 397-418 419-440 441-462 463-484 486-606 607-628 529-660
661- 680 631- 710 711- 790 791- 870 871- 960 961-1030 1081-1110 1111-1190 1191-1270 1271-1860 1361-1480 1431-1610 1611-1690 1691-1670 1671-1760 1761-1830 1831-1910 1911-1990 1991-2070 2071-2160 2161-2230 2281-2310 2311-2390 2391-2470 2471-end
Tues., Sept 10, Tues., Sept. 10, Tues., Sept. 10, Tues., Sept. 10, Tues , Sept. 10
8:00 A. M. 8:30 AM. 9:00 A.M. 9:80 A. M. 10:00 A. M.
Tues., Sept 10, 10:30 A. M. Tues , Sept. 10, 11 ;00 A. M. Tues., Sept 10, 1:00 P. M. Tues., Sept 10, 1:30 P. M' Tues., Sept. 10, 2:00 P. M. Tues., Sept 10, 2.30 P. M. Tues., Sept 10, 8 00 P. M. Tues , Sept 10, 3 :30 P. M. Tues., Sept. 10,^4:00 P. M. Wed., Sept 11. 8:00 A.M. Wed, Sept 11, 8:30 A.M. Wed , Sept 11, 9:00 A. M -Wed., Sept 11, 9-30 A.M" Wed., Sept 11, 10:00 A.MTv Wed., Sept. 11, 10:30 A. M. Wed , Sept 11, 11:00 A. M. Wed., Sept 11, 1.00 P. M. -Wed., Sept 11, 1.30 P. M. Wed., Sept 11, 2:00 P. M. Wed., Sept 11, 2:80 P. M7
VI. Graduate students register according to the first letters of their
surnames,"as follows:
Tues., Sept 10, 1:00 P. M. Tues , Sept. 10, 2:00 P. M, Tues., Sept 10, 3.00 P. M.
K-L Tues., Sept 10, 8:00 A. M. Si-Sz M Tues., Sept 10, 9.00 A. M. T-V N-P Tues , Sept 10, 10:00 A. M. W-Z R-Sh Tues , Sept 10, 11:00 A. M.
A student who has previously attended Purdue University in the regular year (not Summer Session or Short Courses) is “old.’* ’ Those who for any cause beyond their control are prevented from registering at their scheduled time may register at 3:00 p. m. on Wednesday, September 11. Doors closed at 4:00 p. m.
RALPH B. STONE,
Registrar.
457 Students Ma1(e 'Distinguished' In Second Semester An official announcement from the President’s office containing the list of distinguished students showed that during the second semester of the 1939-’40 academic year 467 University students earned a plac^ on the list by making an average of “A” or better in their courses. Three students, Stanley G. Davis of Monticello, Sc. ’43; William J. Borns of Decatur, ChE. '42, and James A. Bierlein of Dayton, Sc. ’42, received the highest index possible by accumulating “H” averages. Twenty-six others received a scholastic index of 6.0 or better. All of the distinguished students will receive $30 credit to be applied on University fees. Privileges of early registration and unlimited cuts^also go with the distinguished rating. The 467 honor students wer^divided into the following divisions, 113 freshmen, 116 sophomores, 99 juniors and 130 seniors. Pictures J. , from the picture rental library of the Applied Design Department are now on display in the Music Room as the fir&t of a series of art exhibitions to be held throughout the year. The present display is titled “Art For Rent” and will be in the Music Room until September 1^. '
'A-”
Freshmen Welcome
To Purdue
SCHOOL with a great enrollment SCHOOL which makes basketball history SCHOOL which rolls in tradition SCHOOL of engineering fame SCHOOL to be remembered for its social and academic contacts SCHOOL which will make football history.
PEITK ANDERSON GARAGE
525 Alabama Street 24 Hour Service
J^hoiie 4048 ‘‘After You We Come First”
a;/
Tuesday. Sei^etuber 10. 1940
t>URDUE EXPONENT
\
Faculty Members Attend E. R. Menefee
Fraternity Convention Attendance at tlw tw6nty-seventh national convention of Alpha GamTna Rho fraternity, held in Washin^on, D. C. September 1, 2, and 3 included three faculty members of the University and four undergraduate students. The faculty members were Dr, J. H. Martin, Dr. E. L. Butz, and Associate Dean V. Cl Freeman. The students were
. . . and William Kohlmeyer of the University poultry department are attending^a poultry products grading and marketing school at the University of Maryland. Menefee will appear on the program to explain the Indiana fresh egg law, and to assist in conducting an egg
grading laboratory.
1,718 Students Set New High (Continued from page 3)
L. W. Sample, Truman Hayes, Don Ogilvie, and Charles Kirkpatrick.
racy vs. Dictatorship—^The Modern Challenge*’ — Dictatorship vs. Democracy will be the feature battle of the evening' tomorrow night, when Henry C. Wolfe, authority on international affairs, addresses students, faculty, and townspeople at
the annual summer session banquet in the north Union ballroom on the subject of "Dictatorship vs. Democracy—^The Modem Challenge.” It was Wolfe who predicted the Nazi-Soviet deal months before Berlin and Moscow joined in their pact. Dietrich To Present Three Plays Touiorrow Night — Following the annual summer session banquet tomorrow night, three one-act plays, directed by J. E. Dietrich of the speech department, will be present-
/
PHONES
The Shortest and Quickest Way with the Smoothness and Comfort of the Magic Carpet CALL A YELLOW CAB FOR SAFETY
3071
YELLOW CAB CO
^^The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow
99
ed at 8:30 o’clock from the stage of the Hall of Music. Musicians Will Convene For Con-, test: “Carmen” WiU Open At 8:15 P. M., Saturday—^The University will play host to approximately fifty musicians and their orgmfizations Saturday afternoon when the Indiana Music Festival Contest opens in the Union at 1 o’clock. Climaxing Saturday’s program, the opera “Carmen” presented by grand opera singers from Chicago, will be staged at 8:15 o’clock in the Music Hall. Friday, July 12 — James Signe^ For Sommer Proin; Co-eds Given 2 O’clock Hours — Coming to the University on Friday, July 26, Jimmy James and his orchestra will play for the summer session prom, according to an announcement made yesterday by L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union. ‘Yeah, Yeah,’ Quote The Old Fox, ‘You Can’t iDefeat Us!’—Doc Miller says his Pill Rollers will defeat the Exponent bowling team in a match on Wednesday,'July 17, at 7:30 p. m. in the bowling alleys of the Union. Thursday, July 18—‘Doe’ Miller’s Pill-Rollers Defeat Propagandists; Butch’s Team Rolls 2447; Ex;{|OS 2388—Exponent’s “deans of propa^ ganda” lost the first round of their two-round bout with the “students of propaganda”—Doc Miller’s PiU Rollers—^in the Union bowling alleys last night. The “students” taught the “deans” a lesson by tumbling 2447 pins to Exponent’s 2388, retaining their self - styled title as Champs of Lafayette and Vicinity. Thursday, July 26—^Jimmy James Plays For Third Annual Summer Session Prom Tomorrow Night; Elect Erma Berry Queen—^Tomorrow night at 9 o’clock, Jimmy James and his orchestra will swing out for dancers in both Union ballrooms at the third annual summer sessiofi prom. At 11:30 Prom Queen Erma Berry will be introduced to the crowd by Ralph Heckel, who was in charge-of the ballot-
ing. and win then lead the grand march with her escort. Elliott Anno sue ea Prfeea For 'Football Games Next Fall; Advance Sale To Seidn By Hirii On. AngmA 1 — Scale of prices for Purdue’ig eight-jrnme football card tMr fall will range from for the seasoifs opener with Butier’s defending Indiana Collegiate Champions to |3 for the Old Oaken Bndket fin^ against Indiana, it was announced today by President E. C. Elliott. The advance sale of both season and individual tickets will be formally launched on August 1 when Ticket Manager C. S. Doan places in the mails some 20,000 application blanks to alumni and former ticket purchasers. Thursday, August 1 — Thetas, Triangles Steal Top Scholastic Honors—^Eappa Alpha 'Theta sorority and Triangle fraternity led social organizations in University scholastic ratings for the second semester of the 1939-’40 school year— with indices of 4.30 and 4.26, respwtively. 'Tau Beta Pi, national all-engin-eering honorary, led the honoraries, and the Cary Hall Annexes on 777 and 781 Russell street tied for first place among the men’^ residence halls and annexes. Exponent Bowlers Lose Second Match To Doc Miller’s Pill-Rollers, 2582-2391—’Nough said. Wednesday, August 7—Summer Session Ends Saturday, 6 P. M.; University ‘Welcomes’ Freshmen September 7—^The 1940 summer session^will end Saturday afternoon with the last final exam at 6 o’clock. School will open again Saturday, September 7. Saturday morning and afternoon orientation tests will be held for freshmen and transfer students. School for “old” students will begin at 8 o’clock the following Monday with registration in the Armory. Registration will continue through Wednesday; classes will begin on Thursday, September 12- ^
In wig-making, there is stiH no satisfactory substitute for genuine human hair.
Welcome, Students Sr Old and NEW USED AND NEW BOOKS I Complete Line of ALL College Text Books USED AT PURDUE
I E. S. LAMPS Freshman Pots 35c and 65c Dietzgen Drawing Instruments K and E Slide Rules
Laundry Coses Purdue Jewelry Souvenirs
Free Desk Blotters-Schedule Cards-Book Covers , I UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
M. C. "Red" Sammons, '29
Across from the Union Next to The College Inn Cafeteria
ft. W. "Doc”' Emile,'«I
'll# it.
PURPUE EXPONENT
Tuesday* September 10* 1940
Lominel Announces Conference Plans Schedule for a state-wide county conference to be held in Indianapolis on Thursday, September 19 was announced today by G. E. Lommel, of the Univdrsi% staif, chairman of the State Planning Board. The conference, which is sponsored by the Planning Board in cooperation with the engineering extension department and the department of agricultural extension of the University, will take up general problems of county planning, soil conservation, and land use. The day’s program, which will be open to the general public, calls for general discussion to follow informal presentation of various phases of the subject. Dining the morning Prof. Lommel will outline “Conference Objectives.” In the afternoon, “Land Use Studies” will be discussed by J. B. Kohlmeyer, Bureau of Agricultural Economics represehtative, .and J. C. Bottom, extension leader in land use planning, both of West Lafayette. Further discussion will include “Soil Conservation Districts” by W. L. Baynes of Lafayette, state coordinator of the Soil Conservation Service, and Orie Parker, of South Bend, chairman of the St. Joseph County Planning Commission. Beta Big's Victims Of First Robbery Beta Sigma Psi fraternity house was robbed last Saturday morning between the hours of two and six. According to R. H. Bergstedt, president of the house, the only articles taken were cash, checks, and the billfolds in which they were contained. The cash totaled $143, and the checks, $365. Entrance to the house was made through a side door which was left open for the fellows who did not yet have keys to the house.
'Boom Town' Has Four Big Stars In Action Drama
Briefs
Clarence is dead! Long live Mudball! But “Briefs” go on forever. Astounding statistics No. 1940-1: Freshman 'co-ed registration has gone up approximately 15% and freshman ed registration has declined ten per cent. Basing calculations on a reported ratio of five to one from the previous year, this now brings the ration to ONLY FOUR TO ONE! Four men to one woman at this here university. That means that Mud-
ball has to compete with only three other guys; and it was against six other guys when first we were freshmen. That’s a fifty per cent reduction. Where is everybody ? Advice to freshmen. Note: Everybody gives helpful advice to freshmen, all the way from the really big shots to the soph who flunked the same course last year, but Mudball comes through with the only advice worth listening to. We print it in caps: STUDY LIKE HELL AND TELL THE INSTRUCTOR HE’S MARVELOUS. It’ll look kinda funny if each freshman walks up to the instructor
on the first day and says, “You know, Mr. Brinkschnoop, you’re marvelous. System is to hint around all semester. Matter of fact, that’s the way Mudball got his name. He worked like a blue demon, and then got caught in a dust storm. Perspiration plus dust equals mud. Aspirant Yell Leaders . . . are requested to report to room 106 in the Fieldhouse at 4:15 p. m., Friday, September 13, in a call issued yesterday by Bill Delmar, yell manager. The position is open to all freshman and sophomore men and freshman, sophomore, and junior co-eds.
Student Health Service Offers Clinical Treatment To Students
A STAR-PACKED CAST IN AN ACTION-PACKED PICTURE . . . Spencer Tracy, Hedy Lamarr Claudette Colbert and Clark Gable as they appear on the Lafayette screen in “Boom Town,” smashing adventure drama of two wildcat oil men who fight they way to success with oil, gold and women as the stakes. Starting Thursday for a week’s engagement!. |
For the treatment and prevention of disease the University maintains a Sl;udent Health Service which enables each stiudent to obtain consultation and treatment of minor illnesses and accidents. Last year the Health Service, under the guidance of D'r. J. S. Miller, gave 80,718 treatments to students. Upon registration in the University for the first time all undergraduates are given physical examinations, the results of which determine the physical activities, such as military training, in yrhich they may participate in the future. Each student in the University is required to pay at the time of registration a medical and infirmary fee of five dollars. This provides the student with the opportunity to obtain consultation from a medical adviser in the Executive Building. The Service liiakes possible treatment of all cases which could be handled by a health clinic. Injuries contracted from intramural athletics and physical education classes are cared for. For-these services a staff of four physicians, two trained nurses, a laboratory technician, one physiotherapist, two clerks, and eighteen student workers is maintained. The Student Health Service maintains a modem laboratory for clinical examinations and therapeutic treatments. It has facilities for giving all types of light treatments for external injuries, such as cuts and infections. The ServiceAas equipment available for administering to internal ailments and for giving shortwave electric treatments. Hospital expenses not greater than $20 are allowed students to help cover the cost of room, board, general nursing, drugs, and dressings in either St. Elizabeth or Home Hospital of Lafayette during the academic year. In cooperation with the Student Health Service the School of Phar-
macy fills free of charge prescriptions written by the medical advisers. ' Postmaster Lists Mailing Instructions Ed. Note: This letter from the Lafayette postmaster was received today in the office of the Exponent. We feel that it is of pertinent interest to every incoming student. Purdue Exponent, Lafayette, Indiana. Gentlemen: Purdue University again opening brings a class of young men and young ladies to a strange community, some for the first time awa^ from home. We of the Post Office Department bid them welcome, and think a few instructions concerning mail will possibly help them. A very wise action on your part would be to put your return address on all your outgoing mail. Hundreds of letters, parcels, etc., reach our Dead Letter Section monthly on account of this omission. When you send your laundry home do not enclose a letter in the laundry. We are obliged to open these bags to ascertain if any writing of any kind is in them. If we should find any writing, it makes your laundry very expensive as we are required to charge the entire weight at three cents (3c) per ounce, otherwise, the laundry will go at parcel post rates. Your money-orders will be cashed in our branch Post Office at Cary Hall or at the West Lafayette Branch Post Office. . ' Respectfully yours, George W. Burnell, Postmaster.
V)
4)'|
Howdy! Students
H cn U I
STATE STREET
^llllllll Post Office University Drug Storcm^ BOY’S WE HAVE IT! • Best Ice Cream in Town—-Furnas • Save on Drugs with Us • Complete Model Airplane Department • Complete Photography Department — Onentatiou Specials
Free Delivery and Free Parking in Rear
• Alarm Clocks • Fountain Pens
• Pipes • Malted Milks
Bank
\
V
Free Delivery and ^ Free Parking in Rear
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
N. J. ARTH, ’37
Next to Post Office
D. N. HANSELL, ’37
4 I!
>. iT^v- A .j > Vi ^
Tuesday. September 10# 1040
RDUE EXPONENT
All
By Joseph Patrick Dolan And today marks the opening of Boilermaker grid practice—and we shall see what we shall see. I don’t know any more to write about this semester’s edition of Purdue football exhibitionists than I do about journalism. —I-I— But while working over at the student health service during the pasll day I’ve seen some likely lookT ing prospects in the way of freshman fp^all material. Some of those JKo^ aren’t bad looking, either, I mean handsome. -I-I— One lad in particular attracted my attention. His name is Bachman, from LaPorte, Ind. He was the all-state fullback for Hoosier high schools last season, and spent this summer working in Hollywood, California; ya, he was one of those extras used in football pictures. Not bad for an 18 year old kid. —I-I— We were talking to Sam Voinoif, grinning little coach of Purdue guards. Sam expects a lot of grand football from Jim Miller, Tom Melton, and Jack Winchell this season, but Sam is a great golfer as well as an excellent disseminator of grid knowledge. Sam coimected with the hole-in-one outfit by sinking a 173
ROOM FOR BOYS 5 double rooms — single beds—^near campus and village.
117 Wiggins
Phone 45301
Want A Date? AU lonesome eds and co-eds will still have an opportunity to register for dates for this week-end in the WSGA office in the IJnion. The offices will be open after four o’clock each afternoon. Registration will he taken for dates for both Friday and Saturday nights. UNIERSITY REVIVES (Continued from page 1)
Acceptance of Mascot, Pres. Elliott. Purdue Yells, Audience, led by John A. Zuck “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” Glee Club, Band, Audience Munro Trophy Award, Pres. Elliott Purdue ROTC, Col. D. M. Beere “America” “Hail Purdue,” Glee Club, Band, Audience.
yard drive this summer on a local link. —I-I— We have^been asked a bushel of questions concerning the proposed Purdue band trip to New York for the Fordham game this fall. About all we can saj? in print is that the New York alumni are behind the movement to the last man, and yours truly will pound ten typewriter ribbons to shreads before we cease interceding for those grand fellows in our all-American band and their considerate leader. Spots Emerick. ^ -I-I-And now, I think it’s time to shut this machine and take off for the Lafayette baseball park to watch three Boilermaker performers play baseball against the Philadelphia A’s. They are Felix Maciewicz, Bob Bailey, and Umpire Fred Willis— who is a member of Doc Miller’s bowling team—^the terrors of the Western Maple Maulers. —I-I— ’Til tomorrow it’s “30.”
Fieldhouse Lockers Now Available To Sfudenis The lockers in the Fieldhouse are now ready for occupation by the students upon presentation of their locker receipts which are available at registration or at tjhe Cashier’s Office in the Administration Building. All students must have the Health Service’s permission marked on their receipt before brining it to the Fieldhouse. Towels and locks are both furnished with the gym baskets. Local Nine Downs Philadelphia Team; Maciewicz Shines Before a capacity crowd of 4,000 lovers of baseball from Lafayette and vicinity, the Lafayette Red Sox defeated the Philadelphia Athletics of the American League last night in Columbian Park Stadium in Lafayette by the score of 6-6. Threatening weather prevailed throughout the contest. , Ail Maciewicz Felix Maciewicz, last season’s Purdue Captain, was the individual start of the evening, smashing a terrific double over Sam Chapman’s head in deep center in the eighth, and missing a home run by a few inches early in the game. His bril*liant catch of Davis liner into right center stymied a Philadelphia rally in the eighth inning. In the eighth inning, a Phil opened the stanza with a home run; another run scored, and Bob Bailey was sent to the rescue of the fal- . tering local club to effectively stem the pro’s tide. Sam Chapman, former So. Cal. star provided the fans with some real power hitting with ' four long, towering fly balls. FRESHMEN . . . interested in trying out for the frosh football squad are asked to report at the Fieldhouse at 7:30 p. m., September 11.
Hold Frosh Tryouts For IM Managers Fraternity freshmen who are interested in trying out for the position of Intramural Manager, are urged to report to the Intramural office in room 111 of the Fieldhouse, Thursday, Sept. 12, at 4:00 P. M. The freshmen will assist ih. conducting the sports program and will be expected to report to the office every day during the semester. At the end of the semester two sophomore assistant managei^s and an alternate will be selected from this group. One of these assistant managers will be elected Intramural Manager at the end of his sophomore year, the service continuing through his junior term. Boilermaker's Ace Twirler Stars With Cincinnati Farm Adding another paragraph to^the long stories of Boilermakers who have made good in professional athletics, Bob Bailey wandered down to North Carolina this summer and showed the southern lads some of his well known “stuff.” Bob, who was the star twirler for the Riveter diamondmen during the past two seasons, forsook his senior year of collegiate competition for a fling at the professional ranks. The Boilermaker flinger signed up with the Lenora club of the Tarheel league around the first of July and proceeded to gamer six victories and six defeats during his summer endeavors. The Lenora team is a member of the Cincinnati farm chai^y and ended up fourth in the Tarheel circuit. Starred In Playoffs Bob started thirteen games and finished twelve of them with the above mentioned average. During the playoffs last week, the local lad won both of his teams two'^victories, and just to make things a little more
Boilermaker Grid Squad Dashes Through First Drill Rain and wet grounds greeted the Boilermaker grid squad .as they slipped and slid through the first session of practice for the 1940 season. Yesterday’s drill consisted of calisthenics and other light work whose aim it was to limber up the squad of sixty-seven players who reported for the year’s first workout. The boys looked well able to take plenty of drill of a stiffer tsrpe, for the entire squad was in top shape. Many of them spent the summer engaged in jobs that just wouldn’t let them get soft.
Nineteen Days The team has exactly nineteen days in which to prepare for the season’s opener against Butler on Sept. 28. The following Saturday, the Riveters have the doubtful honor of plasdng the Big Ten’s first game when they tangle with the conference champs, Ohio State, at Columbus. Despite the short time that is left for the Riveters to assemble a first team with capable reserves, and drill the entire unit into perfection of play imder the tricky Notre Dame system, it appears that perhaps the nineteen days will be sufficient. The greenness of a large part of the squad makes this speculation Questionable, however. Double drills are one way of stretching out the practice time and it is just such a drill that is planned for today, for the squad will get down to business in the morning and again in the afternoon. Coach Mai Elward has not disclosed whether the team will still use the customary huddle again this year. A new collegiate rule has cut the time limit in which to get the interesting, he broke a thirteen game losing streak in his first start. To prove his ability to baffle the opposing batsmen. Bob twirled 1-0, one hit victory, lost a two hit affair when his mates forgot what to do with the ball and made eight errors, and divided a pair of three-hitters. His earned-run average for the two months was 2.1, which placed him second in the league.
ball into play, down to twenty-five segmids. 'This means that if the huddle is used, the shift must be speeded up and that dilly-dallying on the way from the huddle to the line will result in a penalty. Signal System The Boilermaker signal system consists of somewhere around thirty plays. 'This number of plays does not seem to imply any over taxing of the brain in order to remember assignments, but it must be remembered that the plays have many variations and some of them can be run as many as six different ways. Absolute mastery of the entire set of plays is the first requirement of football strategy^'^d you may be sure that the squad Bv^aready hard at work over them.--The first scrimmage that will be held 'will bring out one of the most intangible of the characteristics of a Riveter team, no matter what the sport may be. Never has “Boilermaker fight” been more needed than this year when an inexperienced team is faced with a schedule such as that which it faces this year. A team that has fight only on game days is never a good team. A Boilermaker team has never had the reputation for being that type of team and the first scrimmage wiU reveal the fact that the 1940 squad is no exception. H pep and dash are shown out on the practice field on a hot, sultry afternoon even though the first game is weeks off, then it will be the breaks of the game that will put such a team in the loss column.
FRESHMAN SAVE
HAYWOOD’S
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5fh and Ferry Sts., next to Monon Station, Lafayette Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several DoUars DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND DRAWING SUPPLIES K and E" Log-Log, Trig, Dedtrig, Duplex, Vector and Polyphase Slide Ruies, Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks
ENGINEERS SAVE
STUDY DESK LAMPS Flexible Neck In 3 Finishes
CASES
FREE
A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purciiase WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE FOLLOWING APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C
1
Dieizgen "Champion" 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El086 Keuffpl & Esser "Pharos" 686
Post "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 890 U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006
HAYWOOD’S GUARANTEE
'Our prices are the same to every
Keuffel & Esser "Minusa" 796 Pwfdue Student arid we do not make
substitution of inferior or unap-
proved articles.”
Post "Primo" 630
Boards, T>Squar^, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves
All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the University's APPROVED LIST.
BOOKS
xjl|||M|d^ Buy Drawdhg ingtruments and Supplies from Responsible and EstabUshtld Deakars Onfy, ^ NOTICE: This Store Is Open from 8 A. M. to 5 P* M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
BUY HERE SAVE $5.00 ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETS■
. *
'k ^ i't-'
^ ''fV‘
m
PUEDUE EXPONEMt
Tuesday* ^ptember 10« 1940
m.
sii>
We Have 500 Sets of Approved K. & E. and Fred Post Drawing Sets for Your Selection at the Old Price and a 10% Discount. If You Buy All Your Drawing Supplies and Instruments at the Same Time. ALL COLLEGE TEXT BOOKS Used at Purdue for Sale...New and Second Hand. All Kinds of Toilet Articles from 10c and up at GUT RATES.
.
■
12 Sheets for 5 cents, 13 cents a Half Pad for Form A and Form B, 25 cents a Whole Pad Whitman’s Famous Box Candy Purdue Pennants and Pillows Purdue Crested Jewelry of All Kinds for Your . Selection A COMPLETE 10 CENT STORE PURDUE T SHIRTS
A
Your
;e Career Here and You’ll End Up With the Sheepskin You Love to Touch . BEISUE^ Booh Store
■vJ
''fA
H. G. REISNER
H. G. REISNER. Jr