8s
, ' , PublishedDailyBy Students Of Purdue'
liflisi
VOMJME XLVII
.4.
Lafayette; INDIANA, Tuesday, January i4, 1936
Dr. Gilbreth Addresses lening
Delegates Begin Arriving At Davpn As Annual Farm Program Activities Get Under Way
promoting a satisfactry farm life, the curtain was raised on the annual Agricultural Conference yesterday afternoon. Dr Lillian diibreth, prdfessot of mahageirient in the XJpiver^ty schools of engiheerittg, and David E. Eossv prest^
University botoi p^^
Roosevelt Reappoints Pres, Elliott To Board
ROTC Will Receive TwoNew Instructors
Dr. Goffin will
Well Known Theologist And Author To Address Convo
“Faith and Its Symbols” will be the subject of the address by Dr. Henry Sloane Coffin, president of New York City’s Union Theological Seminary; who Will address the fourth All-University Religious Convocation, Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. pr. Coffin received his bachelor’s and master’s degrees at Yale University and his B. D. degree from the Union Theological Seminary shortly afterwards. Since then he has received honorary D. D. degrees from New York, Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Columbia and Glasgow Universities. Amherst College conferred an L. L. D. degree upon him in 1927. Served As Minister In addition to serving as minister at the Madison Avenue Presbyterian church in New York City for 21 years and preaching at Yale, Princeton, Harvard and other universities at various times; he has written 13 theological publications, the latest of which was “God’s Turn”, which came from the press
in 1934.
The University Choir will furnish an unusual program, of music for the convocation, which will include “The Omnipotence” by Franz Schubert, arranged by Max Spicker, and “Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord”, from the famous oratorio, Elijah, by Felix Mendelssohn. “The Omnipotence” is the dramatic setting for the words “Great Is Jehovah, the Lord”. Charlotte F. Stewart will sing the soloist seleciiohs. An arrangement of the “Gloria”, by Tschneskoff, will also be sung by the choir. Preceding the service, J. Robert Hammond will give an organ recital from 10:30
to 10:45.
were the main speakers at the
opening session.
By automobile, bus, and train, conference visitors poured onto the campus froni daybreak to sunset. The counties in the five regions into which the state has been divided have developed strong competition in the annual attendance contest, in which trophies will be awarded to the counties having the highest total attendance in each of the five
sections.
First Registrant H. H. Hilligoss, route 5, Anderson, haying arrived with the dawn, headed the line as registration opened in the Memorial Union Building at 8 o’clock. Second place honors went to a party of four women from Huntington county, including Mrs. Roy Kellam, route 7, Huntington; Mrs. Norman Shideler, route 3, Warren; Mrs. Clyde Thompson, Huntington; and Mrs. Chris Ulery, route 1, Andrews. Dr. Gilbreth spoke on the application of managen^ent to the farm and the home. She stressed the im' portance of effective handling of materials, machines, money, memoranda, and men on the farm, as well as in business and industry. “Recent developments in the applications of the principles of managemei/t, both in this country and abroad, prove that savings in money, time and energy can be affected on the farm and in the home,” said Dr. Gilbreth. “How ever, the farmer must have a real interest in the subject and be willing to listen to those not in his own field who have attempted to make the results of management in other fields available to him, as Well as to those in his own field who have made experiments.”
Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, has been notified by President Roosevelt that he : Ugain has been appiomted u member of the board of visitors to the li. S. Naval A^<i^*hy, ah Annapolis, Md. The board, which consists (rf United States Senatofs and Representatives and five hititens at larg^e will spend the wfeek of Apfil 27 visiting the Academy \ and inispectingfthe "work being done there. Dr. Elliott served in a similar ca-
pacity last year.
s.
Four Alternatives Given For Superior Merit
Captain J. M. Whistler, 13th Field Artillery Brigade at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and Captain Ernest V. Holmes, ist Field Artillery, at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, will report for duty as. instructors in tbeUniversity military depaVtxnbnt on pr about February the first, according to orders juSt received by Lieutenant Colonel Carlos Brewer, from thei wap department. The assigmiuent of these Ojfficers resulted from the request of President Elliott based on the heavy enrollment this year and the continued increase anticipated for next fall. Both Captains Whistler and Holmes, are graduates of the battery officers course and the adr vahced motors course at the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill.
Hardwood Five Steals Show From Wolverines
K^s^(^,lii^ddMgB[igbAPmtti^ Pressing and weaving thfoygh the
Two Art Exhibits Are
Union
Students and townspeople who have a taste for art are being offered a rare opportunity this month to see two very worthwhile exhibits at the University. The first, by the American Artists Group, was put on display yesterday in the department of applied design, room 202 of Building No. 2, where it will re main all this week. This group con sists of 96 original etchings, block prints, engravings, and lithographs. Besides being an excellent array of artistic accomplishment, these are the original from which the American Artists Group Christmas cards were made. The second exhibit, hung in the upper corridor of the Memorial Union Building, will be shown throughout the month of January and fea tures 35 oil paintings by Indiana artists from the Richmond section. This group is quite varied and includes conservative aS well as modern paintings of the more rational type. Catalogues of the Richmond exhibit may be obtained at the main desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building.
Few students realize that recognition on the Distinguished Student List is not limited to students of exceptional scholastic ability. In order to stimulate a desire in those students Who are not able to reach the criterion of scholastic distinction to appear on this list, the committee on Students of superior ability has selected four alternatives. ; The criteria for selecting students who have failed to make the necessary scholastic average, yet in, the opinion of one or more of the faculty members merit citation for distinguished achievement are as follows: Four Alternatives 1. Original thinking of consistently good quality. 2. Achievement other than classroom work—publication of literary, artistic or scientific work. 3. Work requiring great ingenuity or industry, but which may not lead to definite publication. 4. Independent projects of reasonable magnitude carried out by the student on his own initiative. The committee on students of superior ability headed by Prof. H. H. Remmers and assisted by counselors chosen to represent the various interests of the University will act as a jury to pass upon the cases presented for this type of recognition.
Dr. Elliott Crowns Six Corn
At the annual corn growers’ banquet, held in the Memorial Union ballroom last night, Indiana’s corn champions were crowned. President Elliett made a special return trip from Washington to crown the six princes and kings of the corn world. Carr Lentz received the foremost honor of the evening when he was crowned corn king of the world in recognition of his having exhibited the grand champion ten ear sample of corn at the International Hay and Grain Show last December. Eugene Barr was crowned junior corn king for winning the junior corn championship at the same show. John Snoeberger received recogni tion as a master corn grower for bringing the special corn champion-
ship to Indiana.
1935 State Show Winners Winners from the 1935 state show were included in the cere-" mony in recognition of their last year’s achievements. James I Spaugh, grand sweepstakes open class winner, and Lowell Hardin, 4-H champion, were congratulated by President Elliott and received certificates of honor. A. C. Brown’s coronation as winner of the Indiana Five Acre Contest concluded the ceremonies. :
;e Crowd
Hears Gonvo
Brilliant Performance Given St. Lonis
Orchestra
3^ last in 1^ jeffersbn high scIrmiI gymhafdnin Rofore a capacity howling fahs. The Lambeiidreii were leMing throughput the game, with the exception of the first three
ratinutes of plhy. V
Led by Capt. Bob Kessler and Jewell YoUng; co-high point men for the evening with twelve ppinte apiece, the Old Gold and Black five displayed the type of basketball that has gained for them a reputation as a high Scoring quiiitet. Only once during the second half did Michi gan come within tying distance of the Purdue team, and that scare was rapidly lost when field goals by Kessler and Malaska, followed by two free tosses by YoUng increased the Purdue lead from 33 to
30 to 39 to 30.
Kessler Outstahding Kessler was again the boy who did the impossible. Shooting under-the-basket shots which dazzled the crowd and the Wolverine guards. Bob scored six field goals for a total of twelve points, all of which were made in his own inevitable way. Young collected four field goals and four free tosses to tie for high scoring honors with Kes-
sler.
Statistics show that Purdue played the superior game, scoring 17 field goals in 51 attempts while Michigan sank 14 shots in 62 tries from the floor. Purdue, however, fell down in their foul line record, missing 11 free tosses in 16 at"tempts, 'while the Ann Arbor five scored on 4 of 8 chances. Kessler was responsible for missing six of these gifted shots, a record which he seldom attains. Michigan was not without its stars. The Townsend brothers, John and Earl, scored seven of the team’s 14 goals and two of the four free tosses. John' Townsend was the individual high scorer for his team (Continued on page 3)
’s Your
By R. P. Manion
Under the enOr^tic direction of its youthful conductor, Vladinaii Gplschmann, the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra made its second appearance before a Purdue audience before a capacity crowd of approximately 3i500 persons in the Memorial Gsunnasium last night, in “the niost brilliant musical performance ever presented at the University,” in the words of members of the audience, the orchestra played three encores after completing the scheduled eoncert program.
Recalled By Audience
Following the final programmed selection, Mr. Golschmann Was called back to his podium by the prolonged applause of the convocation crowd. The orchestra then gave “Menuet—Boccherini”, by Beethoven. Again the smiling leader was brought back, and this time he selected “Wedding March 6f King Dodom”, from “The Golden Cockerel”, by Rimsky-Kprsakoff. The audience received this composition with the most thunderous applause -
(Continued On page 4)
Conservatioiiists Discuss Wild Life
■Editor’s Note—The following article and questionnaire have been prepared by M. E. Hawkins, of the Education Department. The project is teing presented here in cooperation with that department and as an item of interest to all readers. Articles of further ex-, planatipn' will follow in later issues. Everyone is urged to submit their opinion. The Supreme Court has ruled programs invalid in the United States designed to support market values through arbitrary curtailment of surpluses by central government. Many feel the time has come to introduce the constructive, alternate program which requires no amendments in the Constitution to put it into effect. It is claimed tha* NEW, INTERNAL MARKETS pan be, scientifically crea^ted and expanded rapidly enough to stabilize the market for capital ' and consumer goods; the while absorbing the productive en ergies of the unemployed. This may be accomplished as follows; 1. Surplus Goods (responsible for lowering market values) are to be taken off the market with the help of the government, and advanced upon a credit ^bas^ to Vocational Advancement Cooperatives. f > Vocational Advancemenf Cooperatives arb coordinated industries desij^ed to advance the technical skills, general educa- , tion, and indnstriol exporionoe
^ Scale for the Measurement of Attitude Towards PROPOSED SOCIAL ACTION , Research Project Psychology Department Purdue University Kindly check each statement with which you agree with reference to the proposed “Vocational Advancement Cooperatives.”
Favorable □ Is neither harmful nor helpful. □ Will be liked only fairly well. □ Will be all right if it works. □ Will harm no one. □ Is better than no action at all. □ Has more good points than faults. □ Will be accepted by the major- : ity. □ Will abolish social inequalities. □ Will raise the cultural level. □ Will be appreciated by the general public. □ Will salvage human values. □ Shows great possibilities of being a success. □ Will aid the advancement of society. □ Will solve some of humanity’s greatest problems. □ Will insure the stability of the nation. □ Will ailvance civilization to a higher level. □ Will develop high ideals. □ Is essential to human happiness. □ Is vitglly necessary for the welfare of the country. □ Is an absolute necessity.
Unfavorable Will do just as much harm as it will good. □ Will be all right in a few cases. □ Has limited application □ Is only the work of a well organized minority. D Is too much of a deviation from normal procedure. □ Will not be understood. □ Cannot produce adequate results. □ Is too contradictory. □ Manifests a spirit of selfishness. □ Is not-advisable. □ Is an enemy to the dictates of sound policy. □ Is an insult to most people. □ Is entirely a haphazard plan. O Will cause much trouble. □ Is a foolish inconsistency. □ Is an enemy to liberty. □ Is an absurdity. P Is a ridiculous plan. □ Will cause a revolution. O Can mean only disaster. C
Identifying Natne for Future Reference Occupation Age To be returned to the Ibirdue Expopept, Jhd^
Sex
of the millions of school graduates as well as millions of victims of technological change whose temporary problems of vocational adjustment constittute a permanent social problem. Vocational Advancement Cooperatives are called the “Miss-ing-Link,” the “Reservoir of Resources,” the “Balance Wheel” of our otherwise hopelessly onesided and incomplete economic
system.
2. Four ingredients are required to put each Unit of Vocational Advancement Cooperatives upon a self-sustaining basis, (1) Machinery and (2) Raw Materials i (advanced out of th^ above surpluses), (3) Labor fby those requiring vocational adjustment), (4) Management. This last to be : SCIENTIFIC MANAGEMENT approved by the loaning body and operating under the aUspices of the recognized technical, scientific, and educational bodies taking part in behalf of
the public interest.
MANY AUTHORITIES AGREE THAT IT CAN AND MUST BE DONE! What is your attitude? Your use of the‘attached “Attitude Measurement” blank will be highly appreciated, even though lack eff knowledge of all that is involved
niay cause reluctance.
Address returns to the Editor, Purdue Exponent, 312 N. Fifth St., or deposit the slips in the Wx at the desk of the Union Building.
Conservationsists of this community and the state will have an opportunity to get together and discuss various problems in the fields of wildlife conservation at a meeting to be held during the Agricultural Conference on Thursday afternoon. This masting, sponsored by the Forestry department, will be held in Stanley Coulter Hall, and will be under the direction of Kenneth M. Kunkel, director of the division of fish and game, and Earl M. Spradley, superintendent of game
wardens. Dinner
Following this meeting, the third annual forestry and conserwation dinner will be held in the Home Economics Building. Wallace Wolfe, prominent local conservationist, will preside at the dinner; whack will attract conservationists in all respective fields. Scott Leavitt, assistant regional forester of the U. S. forest service, will be the principal speaker. Most of the personnel of the state" division of forestry knd the division of fish and game will be in attendance at these two meetings. Wildlife enthusiasts will thus have the opporttmity to learn first hand, the program which the state conservation department is carrying
on.
'iglp
.fi*
PUBUCATIDN SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations the Exponent will he pub^ lished only on tka dates during the next' two weeks: Jan. 15, 17, 21, 23, 30, and 31.
WM,
I I
" ‘ I
|ii®|)C ^ttrijue exponent
F^hded ill 1883
1
1935 Member 1936 I^^acdei ; ^^IMstributbr:6f Gollegicile Digest
Ti
Purdue "
Menibeir of National College Pre® Associatidii/^Bigr^ Ten: Editorial AssociaWdn^^ Exclusively Kc^>resentcd by Nfttioniil Auvertiping’ Service^ Inc* • . 420 Madison Avenna^New York city ./
Busings Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICK—312 Nortk Fifilt Stiwet
Bditorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EditoD-in-Chief:..... Managing EditorAssociate Editois-
EDITOKIAL STAFF „ „ - V. Heuser
C., H. Campbdl
-.„A. M. Ghasteen, Ci M. Hardin* W, T. Huiit, E. H. Morris, M. 6. Walther
Snorts Editor—...i— ————v FT* E. Hays Associate Sports Editora.— .......D. F, Muil, R. H. Walpole, L. IX Wood Sophomore Assistants. iK. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. L. Cribb, A._H/Fo'^ater,
C. Harper, Jr;* M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, C, L. Sadler
6. F. Roauemore, R. G. Schenck, J. B. VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor.... — W. R. Abbott
Busings Manager. Advertising Manager.. Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager... Circulation Assistants.
BUSINESS staff ,
; W. A; Koch
- n. F. Antonini
L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. G. Miller — - •®- J- Hulse ; ; .J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
Editor ....1 Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF - ..... Joyce Williams ..........Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Tuesday, January 14, 1935.
. . Issue Editor—-E. A. Barnette.
Oversiglit Or Mismanagenient , Last night two major campus events took place simultaneously. While the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra conducted a concert at the Gymnasium, the Varsity met the Michigan squad at the Jeff. Gym . . . and all this the night before preparation for finals gets under full steam. Both the athletic events and the convocations are presented in the interest of the student body, but attendance at both events, or, in some instances, either of the two, was a physical impossibility. Another grossly mismanaged affair was last Friday’s Blanket Hop—-usually considered one of the major dances Of the year. It was held on oiie of the worst week-ends of the year, the one before finals; it w^s not listed in the original schedule of dances, and the “booster” organizations that were presumably backing it did not even have a meeting, or did they lend a hand in trying to put the event over. Furthermore, it was not even announced until last Tuesday. No wonder the attendance was small. On top of the two events, add an annual Ag Conference, during the holding of which all other activities Were requested to be at a minimum, and there is presented a perfect example of how not to schedule campus affairs. The man who is proud of his ancestors is like a potato stalk: the best part is underground.—L. E. Grennan.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
CO-EDITS
Entei^ 8S second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliveied by mnfl, $8.60 per year: delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year i soM by single Copy, 2 Cents.
How Many Legs. Has The Gonstitiition? For many years applicants for citizenship papers have been subjected to an examination which was not a test of their qualifications as citizens. Questions such aSi “How many gallons of water does the Amazon River discharge per hour?” or “How high is the Bunker Hill Monument?” or “How many legs has the Constitution?” were asked prospective citizens. They were also quizzed as to their knowledge of Government that wa,s considerably beyond that of the average citizen. Worst of all they were asked trick questions. Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization, Col. D. W. MacCormick is to be congratulated for his sound common sense for not allowing himself to be bound by outmoded custom and senseless precedent. He sums up his new deal for naturalization in these words ; , “The new instructions provide that good moral character and the petitioner’s attitude toward his home, family, neighbors, community, agencies of the Government and the public Welfare, shall be stressed rather than mere technical khowledge of detailed facts concerning Government.” This is truly a belated change of procedure. Immigration has virtually ceased and naturalization has been greatly slowed down. Nevertheless, it must be hailed as refreshing sanity.-—E. H. M.
And tomorrow those masters of hhmor 7‘lHt)' & lihp” will Again t&hr i^lize you with ... 1 dtnmol Thai; souiT'-puti conteist is Wi^l under way with this tid^bit ^.. Freshman: What is the diflPerence between an elephant? and a panther? Sbphohiore: I don’t Freshman: An elephant is a big Mdma! and panther what We wear. Ed note: A pun is a small point, a quibble, or a play on words. Try again.. What is Jake Browning making Boilermaker bets about? . . . And why did he have to be bailed out friday nite? ? ? Waitress: Hawaii, gentlemen, Hungary? First customer; Yes Siam, and we can’t Eumania long, either. Venice lunch ready ? Waitress: I’ll Russia to a table. What will you Havana ? Second customer: Anything at all, but can’t Jamaica little speed? Waitress: I don’t think We can Fiji that fast, Alaska. 1st: Never mind asking anyone. Just put a Cuba sugar in my Java. Waitress: Sweden it yourself. I’m only here to Servia. 2nd: Denmark my bill and call the Bosphorus. He’ll probably Kenya. I don’t Bolivia know Who I am. Waitress: No, and I don’t Caribbean. You fellows sure Armenia. Boss: Samoa your wisecracks, is it ? I don’t know what’s got India. You think maybe this arguing Alps business? 1st and 2nd: Canada noise, Spain in de neck. We Moscow now. ^llini. Have you seen the freshman cowboy ? He wears a ten gallon hat to Sunday school. . . . Have you noticed Grimmy wearing the Sigma Nu pin AGAIN. , . . Did yOu knoW that Anson Brown was back in town? The Beta reputation reprinted from the O’Collegian ... He sighed She sighed They both sighed. Musta been a beta. Pres. Roosevelt To Bedicate “Teddy” Roosevelt Memorial
“Women have a limited future in symphonic orchestras,” Vladimir Qolschmann, conductor of the St. Louis Symphonic Orchestra, pre-: dieted when we interviewed him after his extraordinary concert last night. “It is not due to their lack of talent or ability,” he hastened tq add, “but the great physical effort demanded by symphonic music exceeds their strength.” It was quite evident that Mr. Golschmann was extremdly fatigued When? he - came from the stage,: and Mrs. Oblsch-? mann Who usually accompanies hiin oh tours hiirried to bring a towel and sweater. “It is sigpificaht to note that there are many more women playing with symphonic orchestras on the continent than in Americai” Golschmann pointed out, “and the majority of them play the harp or violin.”
HE WAS ELECTED CAPTAIN IN JUNE 1917s BUT BEFORE THE RACES IN 1917 THE CREW DISBANDED BECAUSE OF im W i HE AGAIN ENTERED SCHOOL AND WAS NAWIED CAPTAIN OF THE ISR1*120 CREW however HE ACCUNVULATED -ENOUGH POINTS AND <5RADUATED IN FEBRUARY 1920, LEAVING COUEGE BEFORE THE CREW HAD ACTUALLY ROWED
©A C P
“The Purdue audience was most attentive and appreciative/’ Conductor Golschmann was happy to assert. Indeed, we are glad to note that the students extended unusual courtesy to the orchestra and even permitted and actually demanded them to play three encores before the customary stampede for the door.
"St. Louis is my home; I am half American,” the Conducted declared when we inquired if he prefered the United States to his native city of Paris. Born in France, Golschmann came to the United States for the first time when he was twenty and served as a concert master of a French orchestra on an American tour. Since then he has served as a guest conductor of the New York Symphony and has been with the St. Louis Symphonic Orchestra as conduetbr for five years. Although he regrets that there are more symphonic and operatic productions in Europe he professes to be more than fond of his adopted country. The controlled abandon, the grace, the fire, and the rhythm which the conductor imparted to his orchestra varied with the moods of the music and delighted the audience who were in entire sympathy with him during the performance. Throughout the interview Conduc tor Golschmann was most charming, gracious, and a merry twinkle lurked in his eye all of the time he kept insisting that he had enjoyed playing for Purdue and wanted to come back—M. J. S.
A New Deal Congressman, during his first day in Washington, had a box of shirts stolen from him. He is probably accusing the Republicans and the Republicans will undoubtedly compare the shirts to the Treasury.
In dedication of New York state’s memorial to President Theodore, President Franklin D. Roogeyelt will speak next Sunday over a wide Columbia network from 1 to 1:30 p. m., C. S. T. The president will speak from the American Museum of Natural History with other notables among whom are: Peter D. Kiernan, vice chairman of board of trustees of the Theodore Roosevelt Meniorial; Governor Herbert H. Lehman, of New York; Mayor Fiorella LaGuardia, of New York City; Col. Theodore Roosevelt; and James R. Garfield, secretary of the interior under Theodore Roosevelt.
There Is A Good Propaganda ... (The Michigan Daily) : ^ The lives of 40 Detroit persons were saved last year, it was estimated, as a result of the safety drive. This saving of lives is a triumph for an intelligent application of propaganda. We remember that propa,ganda sells tooth paste, soap and automobiles ; we remember that it mobilizes a nation and sends its youth to war; we remember that it circulates untruths and meaningless drivel by the bushelbasket during political campaigns ; we know that it enables one man to dictate a nation’s opinion, and that it enables selfish men to insure the continuation of institutions which have no social justification. What we sometimes forget is that propaganda, in tl^e hands of men concerned for the public weal, can be an instrument for good. We have all seen pictures by tlie hundreds of accidents, of traffic violations, and we have read the famous article—“And Sudden Death” and driven 20 miles an hour until the effect wore off. We were reminded at football games to drive safely and thus saved several lives each weekend. The campaign was the same as one to sell automobiles except that its purpose was to end a dreadful annual waste of lives. Propaganda is the most potent weapon in a democracy. The man who controls the news which millions read as they unfold their papers each morning is the most powerful man in the country. His version of the events of each day is accepted throughout the nation as truth. Propaganda is not in itself bad; and the fact that it has a pejorative connotation in its popular usage indicates that its most frequent usage has been for personal gain. Our lesson from this saving of 40 lives is that there is a propaganda which is gqod, and that it is our business as newspapermen and readers to concern purselves for the forces which use it to mould our opinions, to resist those which are bad, and to preserve its usage for such issues as have the good of the commonwealth at heart.
New MAI Double Feature ProEnram TODAY - WEDNESDAY A plastic surgeon changed his face so his own mother wouldn’t know him . . . but another woman did. “ANOTHER FACE”
The story of a fancy getaway that fooled the, G-Men, with
You are always welcome at the Farmers' Cash Store 220 N. Third street
today 2 BIG
IT'S A JOY RIDE OF MIRTH and MATRMONYI ...and cupid gets taken for a rollicking roller coaster ridel
Zaju PITTS Hugh O'CONNELL .. $mm ^ WjUjjomEnjjnsjC^^
Jim
JKAN ARTHUR BINNIE BARNES 'iBiBg'
ALL WEEK
Gloriously alive vjth the heartbeat of romancel .. .The magnificence of spectacle! jPSl ,...A glorious film reproduction of« iMili magnificent, achievement! RONALD TOLMAN in Charles Dickens' Immortal Masterpiece 'ATM! OF Twoemis”; ELIZABETH ALLAN EDNA MAY OLIVER BASIL RATHBONE PLUS POPEYE CARTOON
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
f/6MA ALPHA BPf/LOH WAS FOUNDED IN J856v HAS ITS headquarters AT 1856 SHERIDAN ROAD, EVANSTON. ILLINOISs AND ITS TELEPHONE NUMBER IS DAVIS - 1856-
ctwKL'B; m\mm^ WAS THE FIRST W0W\/\N TO BE ELSaEb PRESlDE^fr OF THE U. OF CINCINNATI LAW SCHOOL IN iOZ YEARS/
Super Serviee TRY US
EDDIE. YUILL
RAY:WOOD
Concert Choir To Sing At Ag Conference Session
and J. Robert Harnmond will accompany the choir.
Members of the Gbncert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will present a program of varied musical selections to a general session of the Agricultural Conference tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The following numbers will appear on the program: “Bowl of Roses”, by Clarke; “Morning”, by Speaks; “Shortenin’ Bread”, by Wolfe; “The Sleigh”, by Kouiitz; and the “Italian Street Song”, from Naughty Marietta, by Victor Herbert. Charlotte F. Stewart will sing solo parts
ARC TODAY -• WEDNESDAY JOHN CARROLL, ROD LA ROQUE in “HIGAUCHO” RICHARD TALMADGE in. “NOW OR NEVER”
M. W. Magnusen, C. E. ’35,yis with the soil conservation service in Washington.
•ttEMTACAll
DRIVE IT YOURSELF — LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
“JOLLY” JOE KELLY Pat Buttram Otto and His Tiine Twisters Hoosier Sod Busters Cousin Chester Winnie, Lou and Sally
On the Screen BARTON MacLANE MARY ASTOR in “MAN OF IRON”
Last Times Today JOSEPHINE HUTCHINSON
“The Melody Lingers on”Boilermakers 6 Netmen, 44-19
Wf
Lambertmen Clear Second Hurdle. Of Big Ten Race; Young, Kessler Lead In Scoring
Coach Laijabert’s Boilermaker hardwood ^ve cleared the second hurdle of the race toward another conference chamiiionship Saturday night by easily whipping the Chicago Maroons, 44 to 21, in a onesided battle. The efforts of Red Lambert, Boilermsikbr: gu^d), to hol(^ Bill ilaaflerw; last her of the individual scoring honoi^ in the western conference, tb one fMd jgoalj was :a shining light in the Purdue vdefehae.- -^ Jewell Yoimg,; sophomore forivard, and Bob Kessler, Boilerrmaker captain. Were the Offensive cogs in the lineupi Young scored ten ppints on five field goals, while Kessler accounted fOr nine of Purdue’s tallies with three floor shots and three charity tosses. Pat Malaska, sensational dribbling’, sophomore guard, Was closely follorying Kessler’s heels with eight points. Purdue dropped in twenty field tosses as compared to eight for the Maroons. Lang scored ten of, his team’s 21 points to tie with Young for scoring honors for the evening. Tied For Big Ten By winning over the Midway five, Purdue remained in a tie for the Big Ten lead with Iowa and Indiana, who successfully out-scored their opponents for the evening. At no time during the game did the Chicago netmen indicate that they were on the same level with the Old Gold and Black team from Lafayette. Purdue started out with the intention of blowing the Maroon hopes sky high. For the first eight minutes the Boilermakers didn’t al low Chicago a point, at the same time collecting a number of field goals and a free thro#"or two to go into the lead at 12 to 0. Throughout the game Purdue held iihe lead, never letting Chicago get within more than four points of tying the score.
Swim Team , Breaks Even
Down DePauw, 54-26; Lose To Hoosier A. C., 48-36
Fencing Team /Beats St. Lonis, 9-8; Lose To Washington University
£t03
Captain Bob Kessler, All-Ameri-can forward, who, along with Jelvell Young, led the scoring last night with twelve points when Purdue ran through Michigan, 41 to 32, in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. Kessler, a present leading contender for the individual scoring honors in the Big Ten, finished second to Bill Haarlow, of Chicago, last year.
Co-ed Reporter Climbs Out Window ; K^eps Date
BIG TEN SCORES
PURDUE, 41; Michigan> 32. Ohio State, 18; Illinois, 13. Wisconsin, 27; Iowa, 24. Indiana, 33; Chicago, 30. Northwestern, 45; Minnesota, 24.
Hafciierias
It is no niiracle why Gray’s Chicks and Feeds give better results.
Rossville (Home Office), Delphi Ph. 2710 Mulberry, Monticello, West Lafayette (Supply Branch)
START
Your chicks on the old reliable
Piree iuttemiilk Click-Mash .
Manufactured by
j©HN D. MARTIN - Feed. Dealer
Main St. Levee
Phone 3952.
Riot, pandemonium and vandalism held full sway in the^ overcrowded, ancient, special trolley as it waited for the traffic to thin after the game last night. Gver-em thusiastic fans tore the signs, window shades, and light bulbs from their places and the exasperated motorman locked the doors and backed his load of fiends into the barn to await developments and wreak his vengeance by delay. \ In the midst of the racous mele sat our frantic reporter, Jean Soehner, who had an appointment for an interview with Vladimir Golsch^ man, director of the St. Louis Syni' phony, after the concert. * The car was packed, the doors were locked and our reporter had to keep her appointment. In desperation she opened a window and climbed unceremoniously to the groufid, hopped into a taxi and left the riot. She interviewed the Conductor.
The thinking Mluw calla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Biack CaiB for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
KEYS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos.- Mulliawpt & Son ■ 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Penatey’s Jaiittairy Fcatwi-es Great Buys in Men’s
OVERCOATS
A group of splendid coats, bought at a special price, brings savings to you! Medium and heavyweight coats! Most popular styles—double breasted, box, single breasted half belt, double breasted full belt!
Boilermaker mermen split even on two dual meets over the weekend, winning from DePauw, 64 to 26, on Friday night and losing to the strong Hoosier Athletic club Saturday, 48 to 36. The meets were the first two of the year for the Boilermakers. The two dual affairs brought to light the possibilities of a bit of hew taien^ especially among the spiphomore members of the squad. However, the older members of the squad were responsible for a large portion of the total points. In the DePaiuw meet, Capt. Paul Vernor broke the pool record in the 60 yard free style by swimming the distance in ;30.6, four-tenths of a second faster than the former record held by Sneiderman of Indiana. Besides winning the 60, Vemor swam anchor oh the winning medley relay team and the first place 100 yard relay team, which was disqualified. Sophomores Look Good VanDelester, McCauley, Wallace, and Farwell, all sophomores but the latter who is a junior, turned ih creditable performances. VanDelester took a first in the 200 yard breast stroke at DePauw and a second with the Hoosiers. McCauley, a sophomore backstroker, took a first in the 160 yard backstroke at DePauw and a third with the H. A. C. swimmers. Wallace won a first place in the.220 yard free style at Greencastle, and a second in the same event at Indianapolis. Farwell, a dash man who, until this season, has been ineligible for competition, won the 100 yard free style at DePauw, took a third at Indianapolis, and swam on the relay teams. Results of the DePauw meet are as follows: 400 yard relay—Won by DePauw (Heil, Kiger, Morgan and Berry) Time: 4:19. (Purdue won the event but was disqualified for jumping a start.) 160 yard backstroke—Won by McCauley (P); Berry (D); Smith (D). Time: 1:68.0. 200 yard breast stroke—^Won by VanDelester (P); Malek (D); Gilgis (D). Time: 2:68.4. 60 yard free style—Won by Ver.r (P); Voyles (D); Gillis (P)
Splitting the two match'week-end series, the .Purdue fencing' team scored a 9 to 8 victory over Washington University for the third straight year, and lost a decision to the St. Louis fencing club. Capt. Jack Silverman was well pleased with the showing of his mates and especially that of the sophomore members of the teami Resmolds stood out in this group with two victories against the St. Louis club and one against Washington. Silverman himself made a cilean sweep on the trip, winning all eight bouts. Six of Silverman’s wins were in the foil <5lass Bh(i two in thb saber against St. Louis and Washingtoii..'.'''^'Local people interestecl in the minor sports at Purdue may feel well pleased when they learn that Silverman also defeated /Lon Hocker j a man Who represented the United States against England recently. Hocker is rated as one of the ranking fencers in the country and is a leading member of the St. Louis club. Victor Antucshko, who was supposed to make the trip, was unable to go because of a wrertched shoulder. The accident occurred Thursday while he was practicing and he will probably be out of action for a
month.
St. Louis Meet Foil—Silverman 6, Briscoe 2; Di Giacinto 5, Reynolds 2; Barnes 6, McWil|iams 1; Reynolds 5, Briscoe 2; Di Giacinto 6, McWilliams 1; Barnes 5, Harrison (for Resmolds) 3; Ljmas (for Barnes) 5, McWilliams 3; Silverman 5, Blackman (for Di Giacinto) 1; Silverman 5, Elma (for Barnes) 3. Epee—Di Giacinto 2, Hammann 2; Barnes 3, Sellers 2; Briscoe (for Barnes) 1, Hammann 3; Di Giacinto 3, Sellers, 0. Saber—Hocker 5, Green 2; Ross 6, Seaborg 6 (tied at 4; Leon (for Ross) 6, Green 3; Silverman 6, Hocker 4 (tied at 4). Washington Meet Foil-Silverman, Purdue, 6; Freech, 'Washington, 0. McWilliams, Purdue, 6; Willman, Washington, 2. Reynolds, Purdue, 6; Lattner, Washington, 2. Silverman, Purdue, 5; Willman, Washington, 1. Lattner, Washington, 6; McWilliams, Purdue, 2. Reynolds, Purdue, 5; Freech, Washington, 1. Silverjnan, Purdue, 6; Lattner, Washington, 1.
Time: :30.6. (New pool record. The old record of :31 was held by Sneid erman, of Indiana.) 440 yard free style—Won by Whitcomb (P); Closson (P); Hickok (D). Time: 6:64. 100 yard free style—Won by Farwell (P); Stewart (P); Voyles (D). Time: :69.6. Dives—Won by Davenport (P); Barnes (P); Ross (D). 220 yard free style—Won by Wallace (P); Gillis (P); Kiger (D) Time: 2:44.2. 300 yard medley—Won by Purdue (McCauley, VanDelester, Ver nor). Time: 3:41. Purdue, 64; DePauw, 26. Hoosier A. C. Meet The Hoosier A. C. meet results were as follows: 400 yard relay-—Won by Purdue (Stewart, Whitcomb, Farwell, Vernor). Time: 3:57.7. 200 yard breast stroke—^Won by Plowman (H); VanDelester (P) Hinman (H). Time: 2:49.7. 160 yard back'stroke—^Won by Kilnowitz (H); Tilman (H); Me Cauley (P). Time: 1:51. 60 yard free style—Won by Valentine (H); Vernor (P); FarWell (P). Time: :30.6. 440 yard free style—^Won by Robertson (H); Glosson (P); Whitcomb (P). Time: 6:51. 100 yard free style—Won by Vernor (P); Mahern (H); Farwell (P). Time: ;69.1. Dives—Wonf by Lewellen (H) Davenport (P) ; Ploetz (H). 220 yard free style—Won by Mclntire (H); Wallace (P); Gillis (P). Time: 2:36.8. 300 yard medley—^Won by H. A, C. (Kilnowitz, Mahern, Valentine) Time: 3:18.8. Purdue, 36; Hoosier Athletic Club, 48.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Theta Tau fraternity announces the pledging of F. A. Mulholland. Anderson, and Z. Yadofsky^ Brook lyn, N. Y.
HARDWOOD
with a total of
10 tallies. Tomagiuh
floor playing
w9S oli vVer I a steller game at
guard until h
B went out on fouls
late in the sect
Lo
At the star the Boiletmal
>nd ]}alf. »ng Stall
t of the second half cers put on a stall
minutes befor resumed. Rudr
e action was again less, Michigan guard,
after the seed in a long sh<
nd half and dropped >t. After the second
jump, Elli^
gained possession of
the ball and
stood just over the
center line, h the impatient
olding the ball until crowd howled for ao-
tibni ; Once the Bdilerin^kers got
into the spiri
: of play again, the
was played.
Michigan to< ginning of th
JXL - iZu blits, ' e gaihe with a fbuT
point mar^n:
■Young scored a free
toss and Kess]
er a field goal wlrieh
was followed closely by a push-up shot by Rudness which put the Wolverines into the lead, 6 to
'Furdue .took tiuit^ ohL at this poifiL starting again after the short rest to score five consecutive field tosses
and two free
shots. The Michigan
height didn’t
prove any handicap
to the speedy five coached by “Pig;?
gy” Lambert.
After the game was
well under way, the local boys couh tinually stole the ball from the tall-
Freech, Washington, 6; Harrison (for Willman), Purdue, 0. Slonin (for Washington), 5; Harrison (for Reynolds), Purdue, 3. Epee—Myers, Washington, 3; Hammann, Purdue, 1. Willman, Washington, 3; Sellers, Purdue, 2 Freech (for Willman), 3; Hammann, Purdue, 0. Sdlefs, Purdue, 3; Myers, Washington, 2. Saber—Brooking, Washington 5; Green, Purdue, 2. Silverman, Purdue, 5; Merrill, Washingtody 2. Green, Purdue, 5; Menll, Washington, 1. Brooking, Washington, 5; Seaborg (for Silverman), Purdue, 3.
them with the accuracy erf passes and push-up shots.
game marks the third wm men and keeps ' -
them in a tie for the Western con- ' ' ferettce championship along witli / ; ‘
27 to 24, while the
to Wisconsin, -wditjAi
Purdue for almost three weeks, since the team will take time out
cago who will meet Purdue at
Suniiiliury
PURDUE (41)
KessleT,'i-,—......,..:./..„^..
F 0
A
■Ypuhg,'''f';...:.—-u,—
..:.....4-
4
'X:
Elliott, c
2
2
MalaSka, g
.......3
1
3
ItoWn^, g
._../.2
0
2
Lambert, g
.......a;
0
2
Sewaf d, c ..,..........—....1.
.. ...0
0
0
Totals .
.17
7 10
MICHlGAiN (32)
G
F
P
Meyers, f
........0
2
1
E. Townsend, f
0
0
J. Townsend, f
....„4
2
4
Gee, C —...
.0
0
1
Pattanelli, g .................
........1
0
1
Rudness, g ...................
..:..3
0
3
Tamagno, g...................
.:. 3
0
4
Totals .........................
... ..14
4 14
ilM liiSs
OflScials—Referee, Lane, Cincinnati; nmpire, Yotuig, Illinois Wesleyan.
L, W. Stpekner, E. E. ’31j is employed on electrical inaintenanee work with the Super Power Co., of Illinois, at Kewanee.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as yon like it. Popialar-Prices
Th© ■' Tipp©€©Bi®@ G©ynfy Farnn.Biirgay ; C®@p©rafiv© Ass'n. W©k®iii©$ Y@y f@ fh© Annyai C©iif©r©ric© Visit Us At 316N.3rciSt.
Chep Steak apd Triple XXX Rent Beer
Paves the Way for Easy Finals During: finals we -will remain
open nntil 2 A. M. PREEDELIVERy on 8 or More Telephone 3423 Ask for Bert
• PLUMBING AND HEATING ^ Lane-Pyke-Werklipff Company Phone 3882
..Drink Milk for More Energy '
Cal JOHNSON Plinne
Milk is' your best fodd—• it’s packed fill of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich In minerals and rich in food ydue, it’s body-bnilding and energy bniding. ’
West
Have Your Next Suit Preyed at Side' Cleaners Carbon Tetrach-Chloride Cleaners
Phone 4781
Across from Fire Deptw
In ihe Home PERSONAL
In fhe Office PRIVATE
For Yoyr Valuables
Buy One of Our
4 Sizes ; $11.00, $12.00, $13,00, $14.00
Save Your Records from FIRE AND THEFT
See These Fire Tested Che^ Today at
isiM
Ii- ^ ■i!,0 .ijiV
\t\
1
Editor’s Note—^This is the thirty-sec-ond of a senes of articles by Anson Brown in which he describes his Mediterranean cruise on a tramp steamer We had drunk deeply from the goblet of foreign adventure, but the cup was not yet empty. Dame Circumstance foiced another experience on us, and an interesting one
it was.
The S.S. Exminster departed from the north African shores and, so we thought, headed homeward. Unknown to us the supply of fresh water on board had dwindled down to a point where it was necessary to put in at some port for a refill IJefoie attempting the final trek acioss the Atlantic. Captain Switzer chose Malaga, Spain, for here he would be able to collect the water without paying harbor fees. The boat would come 41ongside and pump some 5,000 gallons of water into our almost empty
tanks
Harbor ' And so it was on a brilliant Sunday morning that we approached the harbor entrance through tough and choppy sea, so rough, in Ifact, that the barge could have pever navigated its heavy load alongside the Exminster. Thus the harbor authorities permitted us fiee passage into the harbor and in he meantime the steward collected ome two hundred pounds of laun Iry to be washed. We would be nchored there until ten o’clock in he evening, we weie informed, but ere not permitted to go ashore ince the ship had paid no eptrance ■ees and, too, we as individuals acked the necessaiy visas and pa ®eis. “Of course,” the captain added, “if you do manhge to get ^shoie I can’t be lesponsible for ^ou if you are caught.” { That was all the encouragement we needed. Slipping down the gangway, Nelson and I hopped into the Washwoman’s row-boat just as it
of
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This IS all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Ofiice
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
was leaving the ship, laundry and all. Calming her fiuent Spanish objections with a fifty cent piece we directed the boy at the oars to land us on a cement pier a good distance from the custom’s gate. He nodded and smiled and continued rowing straight for the cusjtom's gate. Somewhat panic stricken we gestu lated and threatened, but he didn’t fully comprehend until we added another twenty-five cents to his
collection.
Customs Officer
We climbed from the row-boat onto Spanish ground and surveyed the situation. Down to the left was the custom gate with an officer already eyeing us in suspicion. In front of us, and stretching for hundreds of feet in both diiections, was a fifteen foot wire fence, barbed at the top. We couldn’t have possibly scaled that even if it hadn’t been high noon, so we took the only al ternative and turned our steps up
the shore on our right.
We began to have visions Spanish jails, of working out a fine on the cobble stone streets, of the Exminster steaming out of the hai nor, leaving her two most enthusi astic passengers sitting on a bare stone bench behind cold iron bars
Still we walked onward.
Senoritas
On the other side of the wire fence we could see a cool green park with large palm trees waving in the heat of the day. We saw sen oritas m shawls and combs, prac tically begging for our company. And there was a pop stand selling pink lemonade How thirsty we were! Hundreds of people were wondering to and fro, dressed in their Sunday best. Could it be that we were to be denied all this scene at first hand? On and on we walked with our labor at last rewarded by a gateway m the wire fence, just opposite a loading dock. In the gateway sat a fat guard, asleep, tilted back in his chair with his chubby hands firmly clasped over his Milwaukee goiter (s’cuse please). Nelson and I both swallowed deeply and walked through, noiselessly. Without a backward glance we increased our strides until we were thoroughly confused with the paikway crowd Now that we weie in, how would we get out? But come on, there’s a bull fight to cover.,..
Co-ed Physical Education—Women students qualifying for license to teach physical education should see Miss Hazelton about courses before end of exam period Make appointment in mam office —HAZELTON
Amiiseiiieiit Contests To Start Today In Jeff Cym
Preliminaries for the Rural Amusement contest which will be held this evening in the Jefferson high school gymnasium will be conducted all day today. Fifty-one acts are entered, from which a limited number will be selected to compete the final contest. Officials in charge expect a crowd of over 5,500 farm-people to attend the finals. It was announced yesterday morning that the judges who will
while the judge for the finals of the curtain acts will be Mrs. Howard Anderson, of West Lafayette. Because of the tremendous crowd of conference visitors expected to attend the finals of the contest this evening, townspeople who wish to see the acts are urged to attend the preliminaries during the day at the Jefferson high school gym. Tickets are ten cents each. Only a limited number of tickets will be offered for sale to the general public for the evening finals, the bulk of the sales being confined to actual registrants at the conference.
thoven’s “Symphony No. 7, in A Major”, the principal work of the program, succeeded. Following an intermission, the oichestra presented “Die Meistersinger von Nurnberg”, by Richard Wagner, and then “Dance of the Happy Spirits”, from “Orpheus and Euridice”, by Christopher Gluck. Two selections from Debussy’s “The Children’s Corner” were given, first “The Little Shepherd” and secondly “Golliwog’s Cake-Walk”.
CLOTHES
The “Interlude and Dance from the Opera, ‘La Vida Breve’ ”, by the Spanish cohiposer Manuel de Falla, completed the program list.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G.
LARGE CROWD HEARS— (Continued from page 1)
of the evening. Again the conductor graciously responded to the encore of his listeners, and the musicians rendered “Slavonic Dance”, by Dvorak, the final work of the
select the acts to compete in the'perfoimance.
Dormer’s Flower Sliop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6056
PAUL A. RISK ROBERT O, RISK HAROLD J. LUTHER A. RISK 4<M) Schultz Bldgr. Phone 6701 Corner 4th and Main
finals will be Palmer Edgerton, Lafayette; Mrs. Lawrence T. Foster, Crawfordsville, and L. S. Winch, of the speech department. Judges for the finals tonight will be Mrs. 0. A. Scipio, Lafayette; E. J. Barker, Thorntown, and Edmund C. Foust, editor of Hoosier
Farmer.
Clarence Dammon, of the Purdue staff, will judge the preliminaries of the special curtain acts division.
The art of the orchestra was emphasized and even rivalled by the impi essionable conducting of Vladimir Golschmann. His illuminated face as he shaped the phrase with graceful fingers, balanced the tone, and indicated the rhythmic accent with precision-like movements captured the fancy of the audience. The program was opened with the Overture to “Oberon”, opera by the Geiman, Call Van Weber. Bee-
Every business that uses
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Maim St.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of R. A. Colby, Indianapolis.
College students haven’t changed much in the half-century he has been observing them, says William C. McCracken, retiring superintendent of buildings at Ohio State
Purdue Visillors and Friends Are Welcome to Come In and irowse Around MOOHrS COLONIAL MARKET 220 N. Fifth Street One of the Largest Collections of Antique Glass, Furniture, Etc , in Indiana REASONABLE PRICES
can have plenty of it by having it supplied
to Lafayette’s Finest Restaurant You wiifl find dining a pleasure whether it be for
on a
Lafayette Linen Supply
We Supply,... Why Buy?
Phone 6810
420 Main Street