''
f
- V v ^ V b V ^
Purdue Exponent
Volume 52, No. 13
Will Osbortie Here
For Senior Mixer Jobs In Industry
All 1940 Graduates Of EE Schbol Find
Seniors Will Gain Free Admission; ' $1 For All Others Members of the senior class and their dates will close their observance of Senior Week this Saturday evening as guests of the Student Union with the annual cord dance. Both ballrooms of the Union will be used for the affair which domes as a fitting climax to the day of the Butler game. For music and entertainment, the Union has brought the “name” banld of Will Osborne to the campus. Famous for his “slide music,” Osborne has had more college prom engagements during the last three years than any other band. Dick (Stinky) Rogers, who collaborated with Osborne in writing “Wouldst Could I But Kiss Thy Hand, Oh Babe,” and Dale Jones are co-fea-tured with Osborne in voqal selec-
tions.
Brand-New(?) Cords Brand-new cords will be much in evidence at the dance, since they are the means by which seniors will y gain free admission. Although only seniors will be admitted without charge, all others are invited to attend and dance to the Will Osborne music at the regular mixer price of one dollar. Dancing will be from 9 to 12 o’clock. Decorations Distinctive decorations, illustrating campus traditions connected with the observance of Senior Week, will be presented at the dance. Central figures in a store-window effect that will be the principal decorative feature will be several senior cords standing by themselves. Other traditions represented will be senior canes and derbies, the Old Oaken Bucket and the new Mascot. Mahn Plays At Friday Mixer Maury Mahn’s orchestra will inspire dancing feet at Friday evening’s Mixer in the North ballroom. The usual $1.00 admission will pre-
vail."
Ex-Dean Wills $7000 To Twin Pines Co-op Former dean of women, Caroline E. Shoemaker, left a gift of seven thousand dollars to be used to apply on the principal for the payment of Twin Pines Cooperative House at 103 Russell street. This will lessen the interest on the rest of the principal and enable the residents to finish the payment in a shorter
time.
After the house is paid for, they will continue to make payments into the corporation for the housing of more women students. On September 16, when the gift was officially presented by R. B. Stewart and Dean Coolidge, the name. Twin Pines, was changed to Caroline E. Shoemaker Memorial Cooperative House. The present officers of the house are: president, Lenora Hoss; treasxirer, Jeanne Lehmann; work manager, Dorothy Locksman. Kappa Delta Pi Convenes, Outlines Pians For Year
To fix plans for the coming year, the officers of Kappa Delta Pi, education honorary, held a meeting in
the Education Building on Thurs- lOltiOiTOW
day, September 17. The organization plans a Fall and a Spring initiation, and a number of open meetings for juniors in education. Student discussions of outside chapter meetings and lectures are planned for regular meetings of the local chap-
ter.
Petitions For Frosh WSGA Representative Candidates Due Oct. 2 Freshman coeds who wish to be candidates for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA Executive Board must secure a petition signed by 26 freshman women in their school, according to a WSGA announcement yesterday. These petitions are to be handed in at the WSGA office in the Purdue Memorial Union on or before noon Wednesday, October 2. Petition Forms The petition should be in the following form: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate ... for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA Executive Board for the first semester of the year 1940-’41.” Elections of two coeds from this list of petitions will be held all day on Friday, October 4. Only freshman gifls will be allowed to vote and no one may vote unless her passport is shown. WSGA is headed this year by Paula ZweMein. WSGA Call-Out For Sophs Set For Tomorrow At 4 Call-out for sophomore coeds desiring to participate in WSGA activities will he held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the WSGA office. Heads of the different committees will explain the functions of their committees and give the requirements for workers. Louise Stiers is chairman of the office committee, which takes care of the files and assists other committees. Activities committee is headed by June Close. Eleanor Fink is the chairman of a committee that will check on independent’s hous-
ing.
Following the m|€fing there will be a sign up for^e various committees and the (lays preferred. WSGA Student Advisers Discuss Counselor Jobs To discuss student and faculty counselor problems, a meeting of WSGA counselors was held yesterday afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. According to Jane Black, chairman of the WSGA orientation committee, cards bearing names of faculty advisers to counseleqs will^be sent to counselors. Miss Coolidge, assistant dean of women, explained the faculty-coun-selor system. It was stressed by Miss Coolidge that counselors try to arrange counselee-faculty meet-
ings.
. . . afternoon at 2 o’clock the 'Tippecanoe Coimty League of Women Voters will hold a card party and fashion review in the south ballroom of the Union. Clothes, fur^iphed by Palais Royal, will be modeled during the fashion review.
Electrical engineering is a well chosen profession this year according to a recent| survey by the EE school. All merxpera of the class of 1940 are employed in various branches Of the engineering profession. The large percentage placed last June and others placed since are employed in 63 different companies. Approximately 40 per cent of the class is employed by electrical manufacturers and 26 per cent by power and telephone utility companies. Alliance Will Discuss Possibilities Of More Campus Cooperatives Having started with an open forum on conscription two weeks ago, the Purdue Student Alliance will present the l^ird of a series of discussions this Thursday^ evening at 7:30 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge. The subject will be “Student Cooperatives on the Purdue Campus.” At this meeting the possibilities of additional campus co-operatives for book stores, restaurants and similar projects will be discussed. The forum will be based on campus knowledge of the subject and material gathered from other imiversities which have tried this system. Although the meetings are arranged by the alliance, the audience is given the opportunity .of choosing the chairman. The leader chosen for the discussion takes charge of the remainder of the meeting. All students and faculty members are invited, according to officials in charge of the discussion group. Triton Gub Meeting Slated For Tonight Triton club, women’s swimming honorary, will meet tonight at 7:16 o’clock at the Memorial Gymnasium for its first regular meeting of the school year. Fifty freshman coed swimmers have been invited to the meeting. Lorraine Bemis, president, will introduce officers and members of the club, and present tentative plans for the year. Water Ballet Following this the club will go to the women’s pool where four members of the club will present a water ballet, some of the tests for membership will be attempted and a water polo game will be played. All upperclass women who wish to try for membership are cordially invited, club officials said yesterday. The following swimmers have passed their requirements and are now qualified members of the lifesaving corps at the women’s pool: Helen Billeter, Eleylen Bla^r, Virginia Gallman, Joanne Collins, Margaret Hohnhaus, Virginia Schakel, and Penny Staudt. This group will assist with guarding and teaching during the WAA swimming period daily at 4 o’clock. PI A Men's Chorus Announces Tryouts Male students not affiliated with any social fraternity are invited to try ciut for the Purciue Independent Association Men’s Chorus Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. In an attempt to enlarge the chorus to forty this year there will be about 26 vacancies. The growth of the chorus will be due to the growing demand on the part of students who wish to sing in an organization of this kind. It is possible to sign up previous to tryouts by reporting to the PIA office in the Union where a roll virill be posted on the bulletin board, or by contacting Irving Smulevitz.
Tuesday, September 24, 1940 Playshop Names Final Tryouf List For'What A Life' 125 To Try For Parts Tomorrow At 4 P. M. Playshop associate director Dietrich reports that 126 students tried out for parts in “Susan and God” and “What a Life”. Final casting of “Susan and God” will be announced Thursday. Final tryouts for “What a Life” will be held in Fowler Hall tomorrow at 4 p. m., Playshop Director Carmichael announced yesterday. The following people are requested to report: Mary Carol Antenen, Mary Ann Carpenter, Joan Collins, Martha Cullop, Bob Eastipan, Betty Erick, Jean Fassnacht, Patricia Frigge, John Goll, Hal Goodman, Elizabeth Gray, Charles Greenhill, Eloise Guirl, Bettie Hass, Patricia Heuring, Martha Humphreys, Genevieve Husted, Sarah Kan, Carolyn KieSling, R. L. Kohls, Bun Lamb, Jacqueline Lemenazer, William Liester, Edward Loseph. / Natilie Lowey, Madeline Lux, Betty Ann McCreery, Bonnie McPherson, Bob Michaels, Margaret Oliphant, Evelyn Rimer, Irene Sakacs, Don Salmond, A. I. Schepartz, W. K. Sharpies, Donna Siess, Emily Squires, Sid Sterns, R. C. Stevenson, William V. Stewart, Josephine J. Stong, C. K. Taylor, Trena Torrenga, Robert VanDeusen, Mary Ruth Vaught, W. T. Wells, Marvine Wilcox, Virginia Work. Father of DU Pledge Breaks Leg In Local Automobile Mishap Clyde Thomas, father of Jim Thomas, Delta Upsilon pledge. Was struck last evening at 6:60 o’clock in front of the DU house on Northwestern avenue by a car driven by William Owen, of Romney. He received a broken leg and several bruises. Thomas, a resident of Clinton, had just parked his car and was crossing the street, followed by his wife and son, when he was hit by Owen’s car, heading north on Northwestern. According to a police report, Thomas did not see Owen’s car, which was not traveling at an excessive speed. The injured man was taken by ambulance to the Home Hospital. According to the hospital, his condition is fairly good, and he is resting well. Chi Omega, Alpha Chi Conduct Initiations Chi Omega and Alpha xChi Omega, social sororities, held Fall initiations Saturday, September 21. New initiates into Chi Omega are Shirley Canning, Marjorie Craig, Rosemary Feil, June Greckel, Nancy Sacksteder, Frances Thompson, and Barbara Waid. Ann Anderson, Betty Briscoe, Mardelle Edwards, Jean Pechin, and Phyllis Smith were initiated into Alphir'Chi Omega. AlChE Sponsors Fatuity, Student Smoker Tomorrow American Institute of Chemical Engineers will hold its first meeting of the year tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union. It will be a “meet the faculty” smoker to which all chemical engineers are invited. After the general plans for the year are outlined and discussed, cider and doughnuts will be served. Sigma Alpha Mu . . , social fraternity, announces the inittotion of Robert Hyman of Waynesville, Q, ^
Senate Executive Committee Limits Mustache Scraps Senate Meets Today At 4 To Ratify Last NighfsActioti At a special meeting of the Student Senate executive committee last night rules were drawn up to regulate the freshmensenior mustache scraps, which annually precede Purdue^s first football game. Senate president Harry Layson called a special meeting of the senate for this afternoon in the senate office at 4 o^clock to ratify the rules. The action of the senate committee was taken at the suggestion of Dean of Men M. L. Fisher. The senate executive committee drew up the rules to restrict the danger in scraps, but not to abolish the tradition. Senate Meeting Open To Students Students wishing to join in the senate discussion, prior to the action on the rules, are invited to attend this afternoon’s meeting. Those unable to attend are urged, to contact the senate representative from their school. The rules formulated by the executive committee were: 1. IM^tache shaving will not take place in University buildings. 2. Mustache shaving will be restricted to hours between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. Shaving wifi not start before Thursday at noon, and will continue until Saturday noon. 3. Only safety razors are to be used. No straight razors. Punishment for violators will be announced following action by the senate and University executives. Politics Rears 20 Pilols' Licenses Its Ugly Head; Ready For Students; Quote, Unquote 58 Originally Issued
by John Zinski and Don Brophy Every four years, along with November and the few months preceding come certain doubts, fears, qualms, and what-have-you about football scores, new fall hats, and yes, who’ll be president of the United States after the fifth day of November. So everybody’s got to have a poll. Expbnent started its poll on the presidential election with Sunday’s paper, and will continue tabulating ballots until the end of the week when they will be summarized and published. In the meantime, campus “shots” ^nd otherwise are being intertfiewed on their views on the coming election. 1 And here it i?, quote and unquote. Sue Condit, Gary, HE ’42, 20 years old: “Well, I wouldn’t object to a third term if we had the right man up for the office.” • Jack McNulty, Memphis. Tenn., ME ’42, 22 years old: “I think a third term is all right.” ’ Art Edwards, SAE, Cincinnati, ME ’41, 21 years old: “I’m in favor of a third term. A man up for a third term will have had the experience of two previous terms in office.” Norma Lee Spector, East Chicago, Sci. ’43, 18 years old: “I'm for a third term for Roosevelt. He’s done a marvelous job foj seven and a half years and in these momejits of stress, he’s our man.” Nelda Wood, Alpha Xi, Madison, HE ’43, 20 years old: “I think it’s silly. It will lead to dictatorship.” Ben Sparks, Rushville, ME ’41, 21 years old: “I think it’s a bunch of hooey. H a guy can’t put the country straight in eight years, he won’t be able to do it in twelve.” H. L. Freyn, SAE, Indianapolis, ME '42, 21 years oW: “There’s no reason why Roosevelt shouldn’t i run for a third term. He is the best man for the job. I say ‘t’ hell with tradition’.” Warren Archibald, Sci. 41, 20 years old: “Thumbs down, for tradition’s sake, but the country has no choice in these troubled days;^ (Continued on page 4)
PresidenI Elliott Will Talk Before Agriculture Staff President Edward C. Elliott will address the University agricultore staff at the regular monthly staff luncheon in the Union Monday noon, September 30, it was announced yesterday by J. F. Bullard, chairman, A. M. Brunson, R. O. Cole, and Inez Kent of the committee^ in charge of arrangements.
Twenty private pilot’s licenses are being Tield at the University airport to be called for by thbir owners. These licenses are alf that remain of the 68 that were issued by the CAA commission in Washington, D. C. The other licenses have been sent to their owners who attended the summer CAA session at the airport and who regrularly go to other universities. The group that started training in June was made up mainly of junior and senior men but included two coeds and several sophomores. AU together the 68 totaled up 2,290 fiying horns, thus averaging about, 38 hours apiece. Written Exams The students must pass a written examination and a flight test, which are sent to Washington to be approved, and if they are satisfactory, licenses are issued for them. The licenses are then sent to the training field to be distributed. Licenses are now at the airport for D. B. Lewis, E. H. Scholl, F. J. Braffiey, Jr., M. M. Goodwin, E. J. Trask, N. S. Hill, R. O. Cedars, A. L. Lutz, I. tDadwallader, F. H. H^icht, W. D. Blind, E. M. Disney, R. Ray, W. W. StocUon, R. F. Kirkpatrick, B. L:'Sanders, E. F. Tate, R. W. Reed, M. M. Kingman and F. L. Zimmerman. Union Hears Celesta Spies Last Sunday; Al Stewart Sponsw by Bob VanOensmi Those of you who manage to crawl out of bed before noon on a Sunday morning may have wandered over to the Union last Sunday between 12 and 1:30 p. nu and heard melodious tones echoing throughout the budding. What you heard was Rosemary Robinson playing Al Stewart’s celesta from the balcony over-looking the main lobby of the Union. Using the celesta as a solo instrummit is something" of a noveltor» since the instrument is usually Incorporated in a symphemy orchos-* tra. Al Stewart says that he is planning to have Rosemary play Ins &tLesta is a regular Sunday feature hr the Union during the noon hour; so if any of you eds and coeds want hr hear something special, you might drop around some Sundsqf noon and finish your najt in the lounge whfie you listen to restful melodies played on a celesta.^URDCE EXPOliENT
!< 1+
'iif.
3 m i i
p'T'
ii
*Tr
I )
Tuesdoy* September 24, 1940
Column
i, In the newsreel the other night we eaw and heard Mr. Willkie, wild hair and all, pound on the table and say that anyone who didn’t see . . . was just damn dumb. His remark aroused a few comments about profanity, none too good. Mr. Roosevelt isn’t a whole lot better though. He’s still out in front by a couple of dams. o o o We’ve been checking the Burke-Wadsworth bill lately. Not that we know either one of the boys personally. Nor is it a required course in school, and we don’t like to read. We’re looking for loopholes. 4c i)e He From all appearances though, there aren’t any. It used to be easy. Anyone who was extremely ugly of face or deformed would not even be considered. Then you could be underweight, too fat, too short, or too tall. Those days are gone forever. ♦ ♦ ♦ The army isn’t passing anything that can carry a gun or peel a potato. Everybody from five feet tall and 107 poimds up will go. You can be deaf in one ear, flatfooted, toothless, and nearsighted. And they don’t care how ugly you are. ♦ * + Blind men are still exempt. * * * After very close scrutiny we condensed the entire business into two rules. 1. If you are between the ages of 21 and 35 and your wife is not too crippled or mentally deficient to feed herself, you are eligible. 2. If you can walk up to the physical examiner without
Th# Ptpirdue Eiqponept
ESntered «• saeond «1«m matter at the post office In L»fapltteb Indiana, under the aet of CongreM of March S, I879, and At the special rate of poBfage provided for in ■eetton 1108, aet of October S, 1017, authorised Jranuair 80, 192S. Published dailr except Mondar during the regular academic year and Weekly during the Summer Setolbfa. Delivered locally by carrier for 83.00 iier year, mall anbBcription 88.50.
Bditoiwin-Chlef..
Buaineea Manager-
.R. W^^Donahpe —Merle Hagemw^er
Publication Staff News Editor .J. M. McKee Managing Editor — JD. K, Heiple AsBociate Editors: W, S.'‘HeAton, N. A. Ochiltree, 3. A. Purcell, li. W. Bnffner, R. M. SkallerUp, 3. L. TraUgott. Buaineoa Staff liocal Advertiging Manageia: D. 8. Powera, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. EL Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Bectenwald. Co-ed Staff
3eth Simpson Mary Kay Miller, Rath Rose, Donna
Sports Staff . - J. P. Dolan
Editor Associate Editors:
Siess.
Editor
Aasooiete IMitors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. J<dui8on, R. O.
Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by Matioiial Advertising Service, Inc., College PuUishen Representatives, 420 Maffismi Ave., Mew York, N. Y. Night Editor, Trangett Day Editor, Siess Assistant Night Editor, Van Densen Tuesday, September 24, 1940
the aid of crutches or a person on each arm, you’re in. The way things stand, if you can’t get into the army now— You’re better off dead.—dkh
Pnrdne’s # Interesting • People By Donna Siess
Almost proverbially true is the story of the rise of home tpwn boy to fanie as pietpred in the life of A1 Stewart, our interesting Purdue Personality for today. As you’ve listened to the singing of the University thoir, concert choir, or glee club you may have been curious as to the life of the director behind these organizations. A1 was bom in West Lafayette in 1907, the son of a Methodist minister. At the ages of 12 and 14 his musical career was begun with voice and piano lessons. Surprising enough, he enrolled in the school of science here, but then changed to the music school at DePauw and later attended tjie American Observatory of Music in Chicago. In 1903 he was asked by Dean Shoemaker, dean of women, to help organize the women’s glee club. That was the beginning of music on the CRmpus and in 1933 he was oflicially instialled as the music director. For four years, with a handful of potential singers, A1 worked diligently on his enterprise in the fourth floor spare room of University hall. Then on to Eliza Fowler Hall and last year to the new ofiSce in the Hall of Music. That’s the main facts and observations. In our interview with Mr. Stewart we met a dynamic and very much alive person wl^ certainly displays the qualities that make for such rise as has been his. In the March, 1940, issue of the Reader’s Digest appeared the story of Al’s organization of the home economics choruses in a story en-
WBAA
uLAj n
'ew6
11:00
The Dentist Says
11:15
Sam Hamilton, pianist
11:30
Listen '^ile You Work
11:50
Purdue News Flashes
12:00
Russ Graesfnitz, pianist
12:15
Sportsmap Comer
12:30
Meet the Band
12:46
Market Reports
1:00
Just Relax
1:30
Afternoon Music
1:45
Monitor Views the News
2:00
Music
2.16
Magic Carpet
2:30
Parent Forum
2:46
Treasure Chest
3:00
Radio Class
3:30
Organ Moods
4:00
Union Interviews i
4:15
Music '
4:30
Exponent of the Air
4:45
Story Book Hour
titled “Songs Along the Wabash”. These choruses now active in 12 other states, and in 86 out of the 92 Indiana counties arose from the first orgamzation of its kind started by A1 in 1934 on the campus here. Music to A1 is his life. Two to three hours of the day will find him tickling the ivories. He finds in his music an expression of his moods and often an escape from them. A1 is married to a former DePauw music major who often sings with the glee club on its trips. Confidentially, A1 says that whenever she sings the trip is sure to be a success. Maybe the other member of the family, a two and one-half year old daughter, will also be a warbler. Al’s not through yet—in fact he’s just started. For further news, read the newspapers and musical magazines. Incidentally, next June will hear Mr. Stewart broadcasting from California on a music education pro--am. ,
by Ruth Weiss Following a week of fall call-outs for^ golf, hpekey, tennis, archery, speedball, and swimming, practices will begin at 4 o’clock each day. The schedules are arranged so that no girl will find difficulty in participating in at least one or two sports. Instruction will be given to all beginners during the practice sessions before the beginning of the tournaments. —WAA— Hockey shows all signs of great popularity this year, especially since a hockey hobo hike will be held on October 13 and an exhibition hockey game will be played by the U. S. Field Hockey Touring Te^m on October 14. An “All Star” game will be played on Dad’s Day. —WAA—• Prospective cabin leaders are asked to report to the gym at 7:30 p. m. each evening from September 23 to 26. Those completing the course will become Class A or Class B cabin leaders with the privilege of escorting groups to the WAA cabin whenever they so choose. —WAA— Call-outs for Triton, girls' swim-
the Purdue Eicponent Service Directory
• jewalera
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777 i
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
CLARK GABLE SPENCER TRACY In The Amazing Thrilliing prpma SAN FRANCISCO
PLUS
THE GRACIE ALLEN MURDER CASE — WITH — GRACIE ALLEN WARREN WILLIAM
TODAY - WEDNESDAY 'SWISS family ROBINSON' — WITH — FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW THOMAS MITCHELL — AND—.
( —W»TH~ JOHNNY MAC BROWN
BAB
This nice autumn weather is doing things to us. In fact it is prompting us to break all those fine-sounding resolutiotos we had made, and is gra^uajly r^esulli^ng in our moral degradation. We are cutting classe^.in search of refreshmepj; for our body and salve for Qur morals. In fall our fancy lightly turns. -^B 4 B— Overheard in the Sweet Shop— Phi Gam Jack Lowell saying how much he would like to date Alpha Chi Mary Jane Dietrich Can’t be done Jack. Ever heard of Smalley? —B & B— Flash—Bun Clarke, Union and DU prexy, hung his jewelry on Kappa Betty Graham last Friday night, thus removing two very eligible persons from circulation. —B & B— John Zuck, head cheerleader, is not going to feel much like cheering for a while ansrway is our prediction. He got his Phi Kappa Sig pin back the other night. —B &B— According to a late publicity release, two Kappa seniors are not suffering from the all powerful and overwhelming slump. They had three dates in one day. This would be much better if the release had told just who Ruth and Janet are. —B & B— Brad Ballard, KDR senior, put out his pin this summer under what he terms ideal conditions for such-
ming honorary, will be held today at 7:15 p. m. in the gjun. All girls will be given the opportunity to work on membership tests. —WAA— Individual and mixed doubles tournaments will be held in tennis this fall. Mary K. Brown, professional tennis player, will be on the campus October 3 and 4 to give demonstrations and lessons.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
‘How can I concentrate on ’rithmetic when everybody knowh dive bombing and dame throwing are the coming thing!”
like. A moonlit ni^ht on Lake Erie. All tha^ matters is that he wqs not moonshinelit and the gal’s name is Carol Cady of Detroit. —B&B— A release from the Alpha Chi houBe reports ru unnamed member as the pne who, having a steady at home, is afraid to announce her taking a pin here at schooL Why aren’t people more specific. —B&B— Joe Simmons and Mickey Nau, both Phi Kappas, selected a name at random from the list of Pi Phis and then drew straws to decide who would date her within the week. Simmons got the short straw and
paid the wager without even asking the girl. We refrain from printing her name for such things revolt us. Not the girl but the episode.
ANNOUNCING ....
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE-
You’ll be certain to cotitact your better market through the new claseified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at the Business office 312 No. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana. •'
the Purdue Exponent
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY JOHN 6ARHELD FRANCES FARMER O’BRIEN
by RiX BEACH wHb RAYMOND WfALBURN CMFF EDWARDS TOM KENNEDY
LUMA Today-Wed.—2 HITS
PLUS 2ND feature
HrSTHB DAlTDF mESEA-r She*$ thm Appff of Hh Eyml
li
^4
*> .1
jf!
” I
" ^ , i"’s /,M\ r I' ^ . vT i ' 1 '■ T^ i . '
,f< i(? ' /if- ^Yh^p.
Tueddlay, September 24, 1940
«PURDUE EXPONENT
lllinf
loot
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
In the wake of the freshmjtn-var-sity ball game last Saturday comes the usual drug-store c^oach comments to he garnered up( around the campus, and from what our feeble ears have been able to absorb, the largest interest is found in the full-
bftcktepiic—»appt*b»t ?wiue vrfn be “made” or “broken.” -1-1— ^ TVice during the afternoon Big Johii Petty knocked the day-lights out of frosh defender? after he had reached full steam. And like-wise did the pile-driving Hal Schumacher, B,ut the lad who jirapressed us, although he doesn’t have access to the smashing power of Petty and Scbupiacher, is Bill Buffington, sophomore fullback. -I-I— Bill Buffington reminds us of the way in which Roy Horstman and Iieon DeWitte hit the line, quick starters who were traveling full speed in four steps. That type of fullback excells in the Notre Dame blocking and running attack, due to the slight yardage between center and tailback (ball-carrier). Notre
Victor Records Now Selling at NEW LOW PRICES
Note These Drastic Reductions Formeir Price New Price 10 in. Black Label $ .75 $ .50 12 in. Black Label 1.00 .75 10 in. Red Seal $1.00 and $1.50 .75 12 in. Red Seal 1.50 and 2.00 1.00 Complete Stocks Sound Proof Booths THE FOSTER SHOP EAST SIDE SQUARE
The
04 Colleens
and
. . . they are smiling because they are serving the best of foods. Frankly, speaking the food in the Coffee Shop is tops in taste goodness. It is prepared in a clean modem kitchen and served in appetizing dishes. The Coffee Shop is the ideal place to enjoy a snack between meals. The quick and efficient service makes it possible for students to conserve on their time schedule.
fijUAdwL \ TTbum^tioL UniDfL The Comer of the Camputr^ Yet the Center of At^vities
J Powerful Petty
John Petty Dame blocking holes are open and shut almdst simultaneously, with a yardage premium being paid on the lad who can lug the mail between the open and shut period. —I-I— Don’t get me wrong by thinking that Buffington is up to Petty and Schumacher. John and Hal not only have the weight advantage over Bill, but the ever sought for blessing of experience which makes smooth those ever present sophomore rugged edges. Messrs. Petty and Schumacher, however, had better smash fairly hard because “Buff” likes to play, too! All Campus Golf Qualifying rounds of the all-cam-pus golf tournament will begin today at the Municipal Golf Course. The qualifying round will be for eighteen holes.
Gel Your Keuffel & Esser Slide Ruie^ at University Book Store Across from the Union— Next to the College Inn Cafeteriq M. C. “bed” Samnibns, ’29 R. W. “boo^«^Epple, ’40
6(Wn?twotnofe' - n W
Vbu couU I, &a^e/pur^en a lot cf aspirin ff ym got the Kght sftde rule
DON HEROLD ENDS AN OLD HEADACHE WITH Tllis FASCINATING NEW BOOK... READ
‘‘How to Choose a SUde Ritfef’
by BON HKItoiD
There is no excuse for owning the wrong kind of Slide Kule once you have read this helpful little book. Don Herold takes the mystery put pf logarithmic functions for all time. His story is told in simple, salty language and profusely illustrated from life. ^ ' "How to Choose a Slide Rule” is free for the asking—if you ask in time. See your campus
K & £ dealer at once.
IT’S HVMOKOIJS . . IT’S HEI.PFVI.. e IT’S FkEk
VST.1SS7 KEUFFEL & ESSER CO. NEW VOHK—HOBOKEN, N. J.
beac Sa3rs: xWe Sell Hundreds of Them ^ey Are O. K. H. a REISNER, BOOK STORE
■-i t , I-
^ Vt r
f / t ^
Krause Coaches Voung {Receivers; Hurlers Look Good Captain Bud Fisher, acting ip lieu of “Pop’’ Doan at yesterday’s diamond drill, departed from the usual routine to introduce a drill which be called “situation play”. Typical game situations were set up by Fisher in order to test his charges. For example, meP on first and third with ope down. Runner on first breaks toward second. From then on it’s up to the defensive players to handle the situation. Cutoffs, throw-ins, and base-running were among the points stressed. As usual the squad took part in a hitting drill in which most of the boys were meeting the ball well. After the practice on situations, fielding practice was in order. There seems to be a lot of spirit and hustle in this camp. Hurlers Smooth Fisher sounded an optimistic note as he cited the consistently good work of the mound staff thus far. Hurlers Emmert, Frieherr, Liefheit, Petrich, and Janish were among the slabmen receiving recognition. Big Harry Krause, former Boilermaker catcher, was on the field giving helpful suggestions to the receivers. He speaks from experience, having spent a year with the New York Giants. He saw service this summer in the Piedmont League. One of the better young marksmen is Walt Smith who shows plenty of promise both as a hitter and as a receiver. BRIDGE Finals Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Sigma Nu vs. Theta Xi. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Delta Tau Delta or Elappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Gridders Prepare For Opener Against Bulldogs Swinging into the final week of practice before opening the strenuous eight game schedule Saturday against a strong invading Butler eleven, the Boilermaker grid forces ran through an intensive and sweltering session yesterday afternoon ttnder the close scrutiny of the coaching staflf. Particular emphasis during the prac;|;ice was spent on smoothing the rough edges from the machine that became evident in the Frosh-Varsity tussle last week.
According to Head Coach Mai Elward, the coaching staff was not so well pleased with the showing of their proteges against the rhinies. “However,” he added, “we were surprised and well pleased with the showing of the freshman squad. If they show the same spirit throughout the coming season, there should be several members playing on the varsity in 1941,” he optimistically remarked. No Loafing The frosh game proved to the staff and to the players that there is a lot of work ahead. A bright point in the pre-season game, however, was the fact that the aerial attack this season will be one of the classiest and smoothest ever displayed by a Riveter eleven. When this passing attack becomes perfected a^nd the so]^omores get moire polished on the detqil play and following of assignments, the squad should easily compare with any Gold and Black aggregation of the past. “If the varsity will work and think harder, those sport commentators who predicted the large loss of graduatiqu would make us a cellar team are going to be'plenty surprised,” the coach smilingly stated. Shining Sophs Sophomore ends Shimer and McCaffery proved that they will be valuable reserve material dqring the coming season by virtue of their play in Saturday’s tiltk The aggressive play of Bruce Warren, huge tackle from Kalamazoo, Michigan, and O’Bryan, another tqckle, drew words of praise from the Riveter mentors. Carter, Broclf, Fijala and Buffington showed tip well in the back-
field under the first pressure of varsity competition and proved their ability to carry a good part of the brunt qf the backfield assignments during the approaching season. No Injuries, Please Thus far in the season, the squad has been tmusually fortunate in its freedom from injury, the scourge of the best of squads. Pete Timperman, 215 pound tackle from New Albany, has completely recovered from a toe injury and is back fighting for a starting berth in the season’s opener. BiU Powers, a sophomore tackle, who has been on the injured list since the first few days of practiqp,^ is rounding- back into shape, and is expected to see some action in the Butler fracas. Senior tackle Bill Neff, who has been annoyed with a knee injury, is also back among the hale and hearty. Let’s Go, John! John Petty, senior fullback, who has been hampered by injuries for two seasons, yesterday appeared to have fully recovered from a cold which has been handicapping him the past week. Prom the fancy running Petty exhibited during the time he played against the freshmen, the huge senior appears to he headed for a great year of footballing. During 1^^ afternoon’s practice yestei^day, the squad spent considerable timq perfecting a defense to stop the yersatile Butler attack. The coaches worked for quite a time to improve the hall handling and execution of plays, two factors which were quite evidently lacking in the intra-squad tilt. The practice en^ed with a skort but snappy contact scrimmage.
vithasevr
The LEE TEL •5.00 WiBnotonlyunprove your Hat-i-tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the same old hat. The mirror C?ll8 the story. • • • i lijbkera of the Aetna' Insured Hat.. ;|3.S0.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. teREB U a PATENT OPFICB
SjuaIcaX are exclusive dealers for LEE HAT$ iu Lafayette and West Lafayette
.. See these new styles «nd shades before you hay yonr new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00 SOOMAINSI.PURDUE EXPONENT
f:
Tuesday, September 24, 1940
Uti ♦iJ f
1 h'
C. S. Doan Announces Passport Distribution Sophomores and freshmen who have not yet received their passports will be able to get them today at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, according to Prof. C. S. Doan. Passports for juniors and seniors will be available tomorrow morning. Doan announced that the customary block of seats would be reserved for seniors at the opening football game. Opener Ducats On Sale Both reserved seats and general admission tickets for the football opener with Butler University on Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock in the Eoss-Ade Stadium have been placed on sale at Decker’s in Lafayette, and at Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafayette. The bargain admission tickets, priced at $1.00, including tax, will admit holders to good seats in the north curve of the stadium. Children imder 12 years of age vdll be allowed to purchase general admission tickets for ten cents for the Butler game. Politics Rears (Continued from page 1) Roosevelt has had the experience of his office for eight years, so heVill be our man.” Carolyn Holtman, Lafayette, HE, 19 years old; “I firmly believe in the Jeffersonian principle of the rotation of office. FDR has been running the show entirely wrong. FDR and Eleanor have been giving each other a run to see which one could get the most public attention.” Bailey Bobbitt, Phi Kappa Sigma, Hamburg, N. Y., ME, 21 years old: “I am strictly non-partisan. Willkie is just as black as Roosevelt.” Dotty Roberts, Pi Beta Phi, Indianapolis, HE, 22 years old: “No one has even been in the presidential office for three terms before. I see no reason why Roosevelt deserves i any such distinction.” Marie Freelanm West Lafayette, Sci, 20 years oln: “To put a new president in office now, who doesn’t know the rop^ of running a nation would be bad^nedicine for the country. I am yiife-lohg Democrat, but neverthel^s I do not see how any man cptfld have done any better than Roosevelt did during "his two terms.! He performed the finest job that aW human being could have possibly Loraine 'iMnd, Wood Hall, East Chicago, HI., Bp, 18 years old: “No man has ever meld this honer—^not even Washington.” 'The Victory' ... a one act play, by Elliott Field, will be presented under the auspices of the Wesley Players on Sunday, September 29, at 6:30 p. m. at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. The cast, under the direction of Ann Pierce, includes Darrell Roach, Beth Ludberg, David Folger, Warren Hobson, Walter Eoester, and Bill Garlic. All students and faculty members are invited to attend free of charge.
Schedules Tnesda/, September 24 4:1S—Freshman Tenaia H. J, Gardner vs. T. L. Liang or 3. Davis. Heller vs. Cook. R. L. Parker vs. ShaSer or Wells. Peterson vs. DudzinskL Bob Parker vs. Mclaughlin. Pickering vs. Oakes. Christensen vs. Bahmer. ' Lichtenberg vs. Gross. Porterfield vs. Hoose. 415—Sophemore Tennis Osborne vs. Baughman. Walsh vs. May. Schalliol vs. Lau oh Anthony. Sells vs. Pierce. Crutchfield vs. Fleck or Siener. J. Shaw vs. Dick’ Stetner. ' 4:15—Junior-Senior Tennis Papurca vs. Lafiterty. Mwgold vs. Murphy. Kamisky vs. Cummings. Wunderley vs. Huisken. B. H. Vaughn vs. Collins or Paul. Reed vs. Massey. Vitale vs. Marshall or Armstrong. SOFTBALL Diamond 1 Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Mu. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. Triangle vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary HaU 8. Cary Bkill 11 vs. Cary Hall 9. Gary Hall 14 vs; Cary Hall 5; Cary HaU 1 vs. Cary HaU 12. Cary Btell 6 vs. Cary BUI 4. Cary Hall 18 vs. Cary HaU 2. Cary HaU 8 vs. Cary HaU 10.
Senior Coeds To Discuss Two Piacement Services In order to familiarize all senior women with the two placement services on the campus, a senior coed meeting will be held Thursday at 4 p. m., in room 363 of the Union. Dr. G. E. Davis, head of the education and applied psychology department, and Miss Irene Feldt, director of the women’s placement service, will explain the service, and give seniors the opportunity to register in both offices. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consultant in careers for women, will preside.
Wanted: Student to fire furnaee in exchange for room. MiUer, 140 So. Salisbury.
Wanted: Used L. L. slide rule. Call 76064 between 4 and 6.
M. T. Ball Committee: Meeting Tuesday, September 24, at' 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Armory. —AULL.
Double room—single beds, board if desired. Rent paid for a month. Mrs. G. H. Gibbs, 216 Shutz St. 36778.
Underwood portable typewriter, good condition. Reasonable. Apt. No. 6, 11 University' St. North side lentrance. Miss Jones.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 6:00 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. Please wear Gold .Pepper hats. —CARROLL. Battery Athletic Officers: There will be an important meeting of battery athletic officers in room 205, "Armory, at 4:00 p. m. today. ' —H. F. ANTRIM.
CiUder Club: Work session Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoons from 8 to 6 at Club Garage on alley behind Tucker’s gas station. —^KANE. /Alpha Zeta; Regular Alpha Zeta meeting Wednesday, September 26, 7:80 p. m., room 802 in 'Union. Important. —STEWART.
Notices
No nottcM neclvad after • p. ra. W. A> A.: CTabin Iieaders' Course is to be given September 28 through 26 at the Women’s gym each night at 7:80 p. m. under the direction of Miss Fraser; AU girls are urged to come out. This course is combined with the camp craft course that was given last year. —CASE.
Purdue Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday at 7:80 p. m. in room 108,"Smith Hall. Freshmen are especially invited. ’ —BLOSSER.
Gimlet Club: Meeting at Phi Kappa Psi house Wednesday, September 26, at 6 p. m. Bring money and tickets. —^TAYLOR. PA Systems: Open bid for P. A. system for PIA tea dances. Information at the PIAt office in the Union. —^ELDER.
Agriculturist Business Staff-: There will be a meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 4:00 p. m. in the Agriculturist office. Be ready to report on ads. —BLOSSER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, September 24, 7:80 p. m., room 264, electrical engineering building. Everyone welcome. —FREED.
Classified Ads FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repidred. AU makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multlgraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
Undergraduate Dames: First meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 7:80 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. —GERSTUNG.
Union Sophomores: Following come to the meeting of the Riding Club committee in the Union office Tuesday; September 24, at 4:16 p. m.: Harry Stoher, A1 Krumholz, John Shively, A. Jones, Mary Lou Sanders, Sylvia Pittman, Nancy Knotts, Shirley Sayers, William Mansfield, —HEPBURN,
Sophomore Color Guards: Report to room 108 in the Armory instead of your organization on your corps day, -BURKHART.
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Work schedule is posted in office. Please r^rt on days assigned. —SIMPSON.
Christian Student ' Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m., in room 282 of the Union. Mr. Alnslee will speak on “Science and the Bible.” Visitors are welcome. —SMITH.
Camera Club: Joint meeting of the Darkroom, the Exhibit, and and the Program committees Thursday, September 26, ^t 7:80 in room 328. All those who signed up for these committees should be present and others are invited. GEPHART.
Track Men Prepare For Decathlon Meet Heading a field of nearly 76 track aspirants this year ara 12 returning lettermen. Although missing the services of veterans Dave Rankin, Ted Tyeocki, and Tom Melten, due to football, the squad is rounding out in good form. These men have been working out' each night under the eyes of Assis- . tant Coach Homer Allen. Coach Allen stated the boys are getting .in shape for the second annual Decathlon meet, an event held to bring the track men into actual competition. This event ■will be held about October 6th. '
Fraternity Freshmen: AU fraternity freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramural Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. —CLBVBTT.
Wesley Foundation: Meeting at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, September 24, in Wesley Foundation Building. —^BRGWN.
SC A: Meeting will be Thursday, September 26, in room 64 of the Union building. —BROWN.
For Sale: *88 Chevrolet Deluxe Coupe, $160. Good Condition. — 220 So. Street, 'West Lafayette, Apt. 4.
Purdue Engineer: Will all engineer salesmen please report to the office Tuesday at 4 :16 p. m. —Lantz.
All Sophomores: Interested in working on the Purdue Travel Bureaxi call Humphrey at 2673. -HUMPHREY.
ASCE: Meeting Wednesday, September 26, at 7:30 in room ‘201 of the Civil Building. Plans for the senior parade will be discussed, and the organization will be explained. Refreshments. —McCAMMON.
Rnas-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 240L
For Rent: Two-car Garage. Reasonable. 226 S. Grant Street. Phone 2847.
Mortar Board: First meeting ’Tuesday, September 24, at 6 :80 p. m. —TERSTEGGE.
Freshmen and inexperienced wrestlers: Meeting September 25, at 7 ;30 p. m., room 107, men’s gym and Fieldhouse. —REICH.
Lost: Brown Parker Fountain Fen by the Armory. Reward, 76911. Robert Nelson.
I,ost: Pair of glasses, rimless in black case near Chemistry building. Reward. 824 Cary Hall, W. Brent Finch.
Sophomore co-eds: Meeting Wednesday, September 26, at 4 o’clock in WSGA office for all sophomores interested in working for WSGA. —STIERS. WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, September 26, at 7:30 in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Glider Club: Meeting of all members and candidates Thursday, September 26, at 7:30 in room 363 of the Union, —KANE.
Lost: A Delta Tau Delta pin with F. H. S. ’42 on back, on east side of hockey field. Call 8413, room 351. Reward.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting Thursday, September 26, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —MEESE.
YOUR NEEDS SUPPLIED WITH AMERICA'S NO. 1 VALUES FRIGIDAIRE electric refrigerator and ranges PERMUTIT water softeners EASY washers and ironers L & H gas ranges Zl^NITH radios SUNBEAM toasters, Shayemaster, Mixmaster, Ironmaster, etc. UNIVERSAL irons, toasters, percolators, etc. NESCO electric roasters PYREXWARE GENERAL ELECTRIC Mazda lamp bulbs PFROMMER BROTHERS
Eta Kappa Nn: Important meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building. —HOLCOMB.
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED BEGINNERS ENROLL Wed., Sept. 25, 7:00 p. m. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL IN OUR ADVANCED CLASS ^ Thurs., Sept. 26, 7:00 p. m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
HOME AND BACK BY Railway Express!.
Direct as a "touchdown pass” is the campus-to-home laundry service offered by RAILWAY EXPRESS, '^e call for your laundry, take it home... and then bring it back to you at your college address. It’s as (]|uick and convenient as that! You may send your laundry prepaid or collect, as you prefer. Low rates include calling for and delivering in all cities and principal towns. Use RAILWAY EXPRESS, too, for swift shipment of all packages and luggage. Just phone
Phone
9 So. Second St.
Lafayette, lad.
RAILWA
INC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL.AIR SERVICE
707 Main St.
ESTABLISHED 1920
Phone 6253
You don't hove to be a Bondman to swing along in Geisler's Cords
Phi Kappa Sigma vz. Phi Kappa Pai. Sigma Nu vb. ’theta KL Amha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Delta Tan Delta vs. Km>pa Sigma. WARD SOFTBALL 6 Ward 2 vs. Ward 9. 6 Ward 21 vs. Ward 84. 7 Ward 27 vs. Ward 28. f Ward 1 vs. DFard 26. t$ Ward 8 vs. Ward 18. H Ward 80 vi. Ward 86.