.7
Purdue
iJQC*,
Z.185
Exponent
Volume 51. No. 86
Tuesday. January 0. 1040
Boilermakers Smother Ohio State 43-32
IJOO Farmers Register In First Day At AgConference Indiana farmers and farm homemakers, numbering 1,100, from all parts of the state yesterday flocked to the opening session of the annual Agricultural Conference which was addressed by President Elliott and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management. Speaking before the afternoon session. President Elliott took as his subject, “Living, Learning, and Leaning,” while Dr. Gilbreth discussed “Democracy in the Home.” Dr. Gilbreth'' stressed the value '■lii 'in i n
Military Honorary Honors Initiates At Banquet Tonight Speaking at the annual Initiation Banquet of the Scabbard and Blade tonight in the College Inn of Fowler Hotel at 6:15 o’clock, Colonel Walter S. Drysdale will discuss the “European Situation and its Effect on
and position of the home and family life in the cultivation of democratic processes and institutions. Said Dr. Gilbreth, “Democracy is a living, growing, changing thing. . . . Anything the home can do to send its representatives out better equipped to function as citizens is valuable.” Family Council Continuing further Dr. Gilbreth stated, “The family council is a simple device for setting up the democratic process. The result should be a united family, enjoying one another, yet able to set up independent life projects and a home, glad to be separated into many homes, yet maintaining that unity which is essential. Among the early arrivals at the conference were Hoosier corn growers bringing their entries of corn and grain for the annual state corn and small grains show being held by the annual gathering of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association. At the corn growers’ fortieth anniversary celebration dinner last night tribute was paid to four distinguished Indiana farmers and corn growers. Honored Farmers They were C. E. Troyer, of Lafontaine, four times winner of the title of international corn king; Clark Dellinger, Jeffeisonville, who won the Five-Acre crown with a record breaking average of over 180 bushels of corn per acre; Clarence Dyer of Carthage last year’s state corn champion; and Harry Patterson of Tipton runner-up in the 1939 state title. “Attendance at this year’s conference will be a record-breaker, and with good weather should hit well over 9000,” was the statement made by W. F. Graham, superintendent of the conference. The conference, which is the sixteenth, will have numerous forums and smyposiums on farm topics and farm management. New Union Open A few rooms in the new section of the Union are being made available for the use of the conference for the first time. On display in the faculty lounge, old and new, are samples of Indiana corn. Tomorrow afternoon one of the highlights of the session will be an address by L. J. Taber, Master of the National Grange, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Visitors to the conference will have the privilege tomorrow evening of hearing the Purdue Symphonic Band under the direction of Professor Emrick at 7:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Ft. Wayne School Sponsors Exhibit in Buiiding No. 2 An exhibition of student work from the Ft. Wayne Art School is now on display in Building No. 2. The exhibit consists of work done in a variety of mediums suitable for commercial reproduction. Although industrial design is emphasized in the school, and practical problems for local industry are carried out as class problems, a substantial number of the subjects in the show are painted in water colors. , The exhibit will continue through January, and is open to all interested in seeing it.
'Research, Invention' Is Subjeci Of Potter At AAAS Convention “The American patent system is a major contributing factor to the industrial supremacy of America,” stated Dean A. A. Potter, speaking on “Research and Invention in Engineering Colleges,” before the American Association for Advancement of Science last December 29. Dean Potter stated that in his opinion it is up to American colleges and universities to take the initiative in bridging the gap between educator and industry in solving the problems that face industry. He pointed out that if it were not for the patent system which provides a stimulus to the inventor, and a protection to capital, industry would not provide large sums for research. Research Work Potter stated that engineering colleges in the “Land Grant” group of institutions had available the current academic year $1,802,263 for engineering research work which was being carried on by 251 full time and 450 part time workers in addition to 385 teachers who were devoting part time to research without extra compensation. Dean Potter paid particular attention to the policies of the institutions with regard to patenting new products or processes developed fiom research woik. He cited the lesearch foundation at Purdue, a pioneer in this field; at Ohio State University, University of Wisconsin, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and others through which patent rights were being carefuly handled.
Col. W. S. Drysdale
Featured
National Defense.” Formal initiation in the Armory at 5 p. m. will precede the banquet. Colonel Drysdale is stationed at the fifth corps area headquarters in Columbus, Ohio. He served in the Spanish-American War and was awarded the Silver Star Citation in the Battle of Marialao. From 1930 until 1935, he was stationed in
China.
P.E. Students Will View Sun Valley Movies Today Technicoloi movies of the beautiful Idaho resort. Sun Valley will be shown at 3, 4, and 7:30 o’clock today and at 3 and 4 o’clock tomorrow in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops, under the auspices of the women’s physical education department. The many advantages of a vacation at Sun Valley will be reviewed as well as pictures of all the possible activities and sports. Physical education students are required to attend one of the showings. The movie for which there
will be no chai’ge, will be counted as \ course was installed by University a regular class meeting. AH stu- officials because of a shortage in dents are invited to attend. skilled labor.
X
Beer, Brunettes, Buicks Rate High In Local Fraternity Poll
By Jim Purcell While we’re talking about that well known “cross-section,” we might as well tell about the crosssection we’ve made, a general one conducted among the members of one of the fraternities. It’s a shame to print this, because if your parents read it they might yank you out of “collich,” thinking that we all live in a country club. But then, explain to them that this is a crosssection of the “boys,” and not of the goofy grind class that most-of us belong to (explain to them about finals). ^ First of all 43 gentlemen took the test, and by test we mean simply that they filled out the answers to a few select questions. The average age was 19 years and 8 months, the favorite “party” drink was beer with 19 votes; Scotch was next with 11, and they folloAlved in this order: Tom Collins, 4; Bourbon, 3; Rum, 1, and Coke, 1. Favor Cokes Still on drinking, the favorite Sweet Shop drink was coke with 32 “Yays.” Grapefruit juice had 6 votes; root beer, 2; cherry phosphate, 2, and chocolate malted milk, 1. Here’s news, the average man has seven dates per month, and there are five persons in his family.
To the question, “Did your father go to college?” 24 answered, “Yes,” and 19, “No.” As to mother’s college education, 19 said yes and 25 said no. (Mother must have gone to Purdue). 7 to 1 Republican Six of the eds’ “pops” are members of this particular fraternity, and 37 are not. The chances are exactly seven to one that he is a Republican. He’d rather play poker than any other card game, and if he can’t get poker he’ll take bridge. He’ll take a Buick four times before he’ll take any other kind of automobile, and his favorite gripes are Saturday classes and too much theory in class. (Well, at least, we have that in common). Harold Karr (EE) is his favorite University staff member, with G. A. Young running a close second. Social Conservative Women demand most of his bullsession time, but personalities and politics come in for their share of discussion, too. He’s a social conservative, as shown by his four '^to one vote against long, red fingernails on women, and his 10 to one vote against jitterbugging. When he was a freshman he expected $160 a month after graduation, but he’s chariged his mind since his sophomore year, and wants only
Six Riveters Share Scoring Honors To Hand Big Ten Defending Champs Second Straight Set-Back * By Rolfe Jenkins Ohio State’s Buckeye quintet saw visions of the Big Ten basketball crown sliding away last nights as a faster and more aggressive Boilermaker five handed the Bucks a 49-32 trimming. Blanken, Sprowl, Fisher, Yeager, Tierney and Igney shared the brunt of the Gold and Black offensive, each of them scoring at least six points. Coach Ward Lambert was able to' rotate his players throughout the contest to keep the freshest players and the most accurate shots in the game throughout the contest.
Second Conference Win
It took a sudden spurt early in the second half to send the Boilermakers into what proved to be an insurpassable lead in their second straight conference victory. The Buckeyes just returned from Saturday night’s loss to the Wolverines in the opening game of the season. Fisher, Boilermaker center and forward, shared high scoring honors with McLain of Ohio State, each
counting nine points.
Despite a consistent edge in aggressiveness and speed which the Boilermakers exhibited throughout the first period they were never able to maintain a comfortable lead, finishing the
first half ahead 25-20. Riveters Lack Height
Little Mickey Tierney sparked the Gold and Black late in the first half, flipping in three baskets. The main difficulty for the Boilermakers was the same old story of height, which they overcame in the second half. Sattler, Schick and McLain were taU enough to monopolize play under the backboards during the
early part of the game.
At one point the score was tied 19-19, as it was in the Northwestern game Saturday, and, also as in that game, the Boilermakers then stepped out into a lead which they never
lost again.
Mees opened the scoring shortly after the contest began when he hit’ a free throw after Yeager fouled him. Yeager came back with a long shot and Beretta added a free throw to put the Boilermakers ahead 3-1. Baskets by Lynch and Schick and two free throws by Schick offset free throws by Fisher and Blanken and another basket by Yeager, tying the score at 7-7. Tierney, Fisher and Igney put the Boilermakers back into the lead but three baskets and three free throws, all by McLain, brought the Buckeyes to within two points of the Gold and Black while Beretta and Tierney dropped in baskets for Purdue and Blanken made his second free throw of the half. Tie at 19-19 Lynch tied the score at 19-19, then'igney hit a long looper, Tierney pushed another shot in, and Sprowl hit one from the corner while Schick’s free throw gave the Bucks their last point of the period which ended with the Boilermakers
ahead 25-20.
In the second half the Boilermakers proceeded to pull away from Ohio State, scoring 24 points to 12 for'the Buckeyes in the 20 minutes of play. Blanken made a one-hand-ed push shot, Tierney looped a onehander in from the corner and Igney scored another basket, the Boilermakers leading 33-22 with three and a half minutes gone. Take Safe Lead Two baskets by Mickelson, and one each by Graf and Fisher along with a couple of free throws provided the remainder of the Buckeye points. In the meantime the Boilermakers completed their scoring as follows: Blanken made a basket from under the backboard. Sprowl made two free throws and added a basket, Fisher made another field goal, and Sprowl’s last shot put the Boilermakers ahead
44-28.
The last five points were scored on a rebound basket by Blanken, two free throws by Vernon, and one free throw by Lorenz. What told the story as far as the Buckeyes were concerned last night was the continual rotation of seven performers with capable relief from five others which finally wore down a hardwood team which was not quite as smooth or as alert as their opponents. Two More Gaines In the next seven days the Boilermakers play two more Big Ten games, both at home, before hibernating until after the second semester begins. Wisconsin plays at the Fieldhouse Satui’day, and Minnesota plays here Monday. Each of (Continued! on page S)
Home Ec Students Entertain Visitors At Style Program As a special feature of the program for women visitors at the Annual Agricultural Conference, a style show was presented last night in the Home Economics Auditorium. Miss Marian Willoughby, of the clothing department, was in charge of the show, which included girls from all four year classes. Different types of garments, including wash dresses, basic dresses* draped coats and dresses, and millinery, were
modeled.
The following girls took part as models: Freshmen, Anna Belle Ball, Nancy Sacksteder, Kae Weber, Roberta Glezen, Annal^lle Brooks, Jeanette Haynes, Elaine Carson, Jeanette Heness; sophomores, Dorothy Quinn, Vivian Dickerson; juniors, June Billeter, Julia Williams, Mary Edith Monk, Ruth Wattleworth, Ann Walter, Lois Simpson, Josinah Allen, Alice Keltner, Frances Black, Joanne Edison, and seniors, Althea Jorgeson, Mary McClelland, Jeannette Klitzke, and
Barbara Roderick.
Iowa Installs Course For Ambitious Hod-Carriers Attention all ye lads who have a yen to carry a mortar-board: Iowa State College at Ames has opened a course in brick-laying. If you have a suppressed desire to major in the “Art and Methods of Bricklaying,” go west. The nine-weeks
. . . vocalist, Ruth Hunt, will entertain dancers at the third annual Forester’s Ball, when Ace Brigode and his Virginians play in the Union ballroom, Friday evening from 9 to 12. Brigode is playing at the Merry Gardens in Chicago, and is featured regularly over NBC. Tickets cost one dollar and are on sale at the Union desk, from members of the Forestry Club, and Xi
Sigma Pi.
$130 a month now. Owns Five Suits
He owns five suits, and, believe it or not, he prefers brunettes just slightly more than blondes. A great big, juicy steak is his favorite dish. The chances are practically 60-50 that he has his pin out now, or has had it out at one time. He expects to be married when he’s 26 years
of age.
He would bet almost four to one that the United States will not go to war within the next year, and he hates Hitler best of all the foreign public figures, while he likes Anthony Eden most of these newsmaking foreigners. Tom Dewey got 26 out of his 43 votes for the favorite American public figure, while President Roosevelt polled four of
these votes.
Dislikes Roosevelt Then he turned the tables on President Roosevelt, and voted 30 of his 42 votes to him as the most disliked American public figure. You can bet ten to one that he works in the summer time, and, although he’s not quite sure, he thinks that “Lost Horizon” is the best movie that he’s ever seen. His wife shall not work, he %ays, to the tune of 41 votes to two, and 28 of his votes say that his wife
should have an education equivalent to his, but if she does not he prefer^ unanimously that she have less education. Almost unanimously he thinks that his wife should enter marriage as a virgin. His actual
vote was 40 to three.
Only three out of 43 do not think they are getting anything out of school other than a degree, although he has unanimously decided that his fraternity has benefitted him. When he voted on “paddling,” 32 like him said ,toC keep it at the same level, five said to decrease it, and five said
to wipe it out.
He voted 30 to 13/tIiat pins are hung too much at will, and he estimated that 21 per cent of the “pin pushings” would result in marriage. School Spirit High School spirit reigns high with him, as he polled 28 that Purdue is as good as any other university in the nation. Thirteen members of the fraternity did him one better, and said that Ptirdue is better than most, while two deserters said that it is worse than a good many. We saved the best to the last:*As a freshman he spends $23.00 a month over his house bill and gradually reduces this to $17 in his junior year. The average, however, is $19 a month in his senior year, while his four-year average is just $19.15.•V iw^uijj, 5j®s ^ *
'
■A9
iiW'' ,-. f’* |?|j . fl ' * Kjy‘
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, January 9, 1:940
For Juniors And Seniors ... enrolling next fall in any of the engineering curricula requirements for entrance into any technical course as listed in Rule IV Of the Rules and Regulations Governing Students, should be mentioned at this time. Those entering the third year of engineering may not be assigned to a technical course if they are lacking more than 60 hours of B grade or better. Seniors may lack not more than 30 hours. These regulations were passed by the Executive Committee and the University Faculty last April. Courses covered by Rule IV are those given in any of the schools of engineering , applied mechanics, or general engineering. The rule reads as follows: (a) No undergraduate student enrolled in any of the engineering curricula may be assigned to any technical course required in the junior year of his curriculum or be given junior classification if at the date of registration he lacks more than sixty hours of the number of semester hours of grade B or higher necessary in order to satisfy the qualitative requirement for graduation. (See Rule VI, 1.) Summer Surve3dng Camp is not to be counted for civil engineering students. (b) No undergraduate student enrolled in any of the engineering curricula may be assigned to any technical course required in the senior year of his curriculum or be given senior classification if at the date of registration he lacks more than thirty hours of the number of semester hours of grade B or higher necessary in order to satisfy the qualitative requirement for graduation. (c) No exceptions to the above regulations sh^l be made without the recommendation of the Head of the School in which the Student is enrolled and the approval of the Dean of the Schools of Engineering. (d) A technical course is defined as one administered by any of the Schools of Engineering or by either the Departments of Applied Mechanics or General Engineering. Rule VI, 1. Mentioned in section “a” above reads: In order to graduate a student must have received a grade of B or higher in at least 90 semester hours in all four-year plans of study, or other requirements for graduation remaining in effect as at present. Those who will become juniors or seniors in the fall of 1940 should check their B hours at the registrar’s office before the spring term is completed. It might be Well for all Students to check their hours, as the 90-hour rule applies to all students, not merely engineers.—J. H.McK.
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the jpost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 192^ Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail flubsiudption $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley....... - .EdItor-in-Chief W. E. Smith. — Business Manager D. G. Terrio ..... - Editorial Director G. W. Frederick.; Managing Editor E. M. Antonlni Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Editor
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Mlers J. C. Willsey
junior Staff Business. R.Fisher B.Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfleld. G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 503
REPRBSBNTED fOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MAorsoN Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTON • LOS ANGELES * SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night, Editor—Heiple Issue^Editor—Kennedy Tuesday, January 9, 1940 .
But
By RomanofiF Maybe it’s vacation, maybe it’s finals, but we caught a guy in our house the other day calling himself on the downstairs phone and then dashing upstairs and chewing the fat. Left the booth door ajar so that everyone could hear him. Imagine his embarrassment when he tried it the next time and found someone in the upstairs booth taking his call for him. Logansport, oh Logansport... Wonder if Doc Miller would accept the excuse that
we got hit by a melting icicle . . . might get us out of finals. Knowing Doc, it might. :|! .-ic It Months ago we used to get notes signed the Shadow. To add insult to injury he sent us a Christmas card postmarked from our own home town. ... We’d put out a general call for him but we’ve got a sneaking suspicion that he’s back in school. . sj: Jlc ❖ . Could he have changed his pen name. Yesterday we found a note addressed to no one in particular and headed “Richard Wagner.” Quote: DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN, is a tetralogy or sequence of four music-dramas (more correctly a ‘trilogy’ with a preludial), and is composed of the following: DAS RHEINGOLD DIE WALKURE SIEGFRIED GOTTERDAMMERUNG. The whole cycle was first produced at Bayreuth, 1876. Unquote. Looks like a bad case of Music Room Jitters. sk H? Several queers that made Lafayette their home over the vacation noticed, among other things, that Lafayette looked like a grave yard. Not exceptionally startling. They also noticed Frank Fox working awfully hard getting his new Sweet Shop in order. They didn’t notice, however, that most of the labor was of the strictly non-productive type. At one time he had his entire force ($6.04 per hour) moving counters in search of a dqllar’s worth of dimes and nickels that had strayed out of reach in previous years of business transactions with Boilermaker coke hounds. * ^5 We just noticed a pocket knife buried in the side of our desk on the level with our eyes. Can t see how he knew we were writing about him.
Briefs by Clarence
Clarence went over to ye Health Service yesterday eve to get his old health serviced (cooling system overhauled, tires inflated). Doc Miller passed out his customary stack of prescriptions. Doc says he’s not ignorant, but just dumb. Hi** Be that as it may, the (hie) orange gin on whose bottle was read, “One teaspoonful every three hours” was pretty good. A couple of years ago Clarence had 19 bottles of Doc Miller’s cures on a shelf. *** Third from the right end was one labeled “Use locally on feet.” Also appearing on the same sticker was a crsrptic notice, “For external use only.” In a perfectly legitiniate scientific test conducted recently, Clarence put some of. the foot powder on a freshman’s feet. inh* This super-dooper guinea pig of
the Class of ’43 is still walking. We’re going to give him another application topight. **>i< At this point we pause for station identification. Identify, Station. lit** That pause was just long enough for Clarence to cast a ripe tomato at the persons responsible for the start of Bold and Black’s current rat-race. We really like Doc Miller, and the cough medicine recommended is plenty tough. Winterrowd Contest Entries Due March 1 This year for the sixth time the Winterrowd Award will be given for the best collection of books formed by a senior student. The award consists of a first prize of $100 and a second prize of $36, given by W. H. Winterrowd, now president of the Purdue Alumni Assoi ciation. Technical as well as non-techni-cal books are considered, and knowledge of the books by the contestants is important. The collection should reflect an intelligent interest
and knowledge in the field of interest of the owner. Final decision will be announced at the annual Literary Banquet, and the winning collections will be exhibited in the University Library. Contestants must submit a list of books in their collection to H. L. Creek by March I, 1940. J, K, Gibson . . . EE ’34, has accepted a position on the research of the American Transit Association where he will work under the direction of M. A. Craft, accident prevention engineer of the Association. Since graduation he has been connected with the Miami Beach Railway Company and tj^e Cincinnati Street Railway. In 1938 he was awarded a fellowship at Yale University.
Johnny Dudzinskl, junior shavetail (second lieutenant to you), spent New Year’s Eve flashing his brand new military: uniform before all citizens of East Chicago, his home town. He paid for the boots and britches out of his own pocket, and wore the uniform to the theater, accompanied by his heart throb from junior high school, who simply went ga-ga over this specimen of manhood attired in such dress. IJowever, a few smirks from other Purdue students from this town caused her a little embarrassment. —B&B— Sucker number one position, originally held by Fred Knotts, how goes to Dave Dewey, Cary Hall West freshman. Reason? He’s being taken for a nice ride by the vocalist of A1 Cavelon’s Cascading Chords. (Paid Ad). She says, “He’s such a nice boy!” —B & B— Please excuse me! I have erred for. the first time this year.. . . Barbara Fleming does not have a pin from INDIANA, but possesses the jeWelery of our own Bob Muller, sea going “Boilermaker” now at Annapolis. —B&B— English 31 instructor, one Mr. Elledge, requests the presence of one Harry Hedderich, Senior Chemical, in his class. Students actually applaud when Harry enters the room, and Elledge beams. . . . Some say Harry spends his classtime with women, but Harry says he sleeps through his three o’clock. —B & B— James Taggart, soph ME, spent his time all alone New Year’s Eve, while his steady gal friend, Virginia Brooks, went out with his best friend—-this may make him sucker number three; however, this is the first time she played a dirty trick on him. One more chance, Jim. DAFFYNITION.Mirage : Where the little man who wasn’t there keeps his car. —B & B— As an afterthought, I’d like to thank whoever is blowing off in the Blazer about being the B&B Editoi’. Somebody has to take the blame, L. B., so it may as well be you.
I WBAA —Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Plashes 12:00-^Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 1 ;00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Keeping Ahead of the Jones 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Community Program 2:16—Virginia Reed, violinist 2:30—You and Your Child 2:46—Treasure Chest 3:00—^The Voice of Industry 3:15—Paul Mitchell, baritone 3:30—Afternoon Music 4:00—Heralds of Destiny 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4:30—June Caldwell, soprano 4:46—Story Book Hour
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW Adult Ballroom Class Wed., Jan, 10th, 6:45 p. m. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Jan. 11 th, 7:00 p. m. CHILDREN'S CLASSES SAT. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S«u.N.dF«rT
LUMA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
A2»h C*nHiiy-l PIctura
PLUS —SECOND FEATURE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
“Two armed bandits broke in here and escaped without buying a thing!”
dUm. and, dish. By Georgann Schilling A8 a follow up to the book, “A Hundred Million Guinea Pigs,” we are contemplating a similar bit of prose titled “A Million Reasons Why I Hate Meri,” or “Do Join the Celibate Sisters Sorority.” Just off hand it doesn’t seem a bad idea, and collecting reference material could be a part of everyday living. —H&H— Harry McCrady’s lads seemed to have a bit of Christmas spirit left over and demonstrated their gay mood at Saturday night’s mixer. The band sponsored an unannounced Jitterbug Jamboree, and had quite a time playing the downbeat for dancers, who responded very actively. Request numbers were flying around too. We always did think “Indian Summer” was a pretty ballad. Thanks, boys. —H & H— And here’s a bit of the way life’s cycle goes: Christmas bells then Christmas bills. Days for rest, then, days for tests. —H & H— Things , that ard'driving us to an early grave are all piled up on the old desk marked “To Be Done.” Even the sign on the door says “Girl At Work.” But it’s just propaganda. From the talk flying around, last night must have been “Term Report Night” in the library. And so winds up another semester. Lost, lost!! —H&H— Two important dances remain to be given yet before all is finished. The Forester’s Ball on Friday night
MAM TODAY-WEDNESDAY
will feature the music of Ace Brigode. According to the dance chairman, the ball will be informal with either loi^g or short dresses considered proper for girls. The Blanket Hop is the annual dance given by the P-Men’s Club to secure money for football blankets to be given to graduating seniors. Last year Winifred Gregory and Paul Humphrey were chosen king and queen at the dance. Prof. W. A. Knapp ... assistant dean of engineei'ing, has gone to Memphis, Tennessee, where he will attend the annual meeting of the Midwest Fire School directors and instructors. Professor Knapp will be on. the program today and tomorrow to discuss the use of films in fire training and the general fire school training program.
Subscribe To The JhiXponent
fHE
JOAN BENNETT ADOLPHE
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY WlNNEIt' TAKE All) fONV MARTIN • GLORIA STUART HENRY ARMETTA
_and— 'DESPERATE TRAILS' — WITH — JOHNNY MACK BROWN — ALSO-> ■ "RED BARRY” SERIAL
iormem TODAY - WEDNESDAY The V 1 ‘Fo«r Tlaushters' J j PRISCILLA LANE / | ROSEMARY LANE LOLA LANE.GALE PAGE^
with Claude Rains Jtffny Lpn * Eddie Albert May Rob«on-Prank McHugh PJclf Poran • l(eary d'Nelll
The Character of ^‘Mickey Borden” as He Appeared in DAU8hter8”UPortray^ by lohn GARFIELD
kiAiCi
NOW SHOWING S LOOK WHAT'S GOING ON! The old Professor's made a movie —and how you'll love HI WHEEt
it'
'..Y.«t ■
Tuesday, January 9, 1940
£xfu>mnL fiaqsL
Fehring Cuts Freshman Squad To 16; Fundamentals Stressed In Practice
Varsity Athletic Squads Fate Variety Ot Foes Rjyeter Tankmen To Meet
Hitting the basket comes fairly easy for Dutch Fehring’s frosh netters, but their coaching staff has ■found the boys woefully lacking in the fundamentals of the game. The sixteen men that have survived “The Reaper,” have been rushed into an extensive schooling in the easily overlooked part of the net game, pivots, deception, speed and defense. However, the offensive tactics appear well fortified with Johnson, Carter, Hoffman, and many others handling and shooting the ball very commendably. % Good Height The height of this year’s-^ freshman squad is packed mainly by Crump, Krampe, and Johnson. These boys extend several inches over six feet. This height advantage ^yill be much in demand for the varsity squad next year. Scrimmaging aloi^ with the rhinies, about half a'dozen sophomores are working out regularly in the second floor gym, and are showing much promise as future varsity material. Since freshman coach Fehring spends much of his time scouting games for the varsity squad, his duties are shared by his assistants, Larry Imhoff and Dick AinSlie. The sixteen men who have proved themselves the best of the over 100 candidates that originally reported are as follows: Berto, Carter, Comer, Crhmp, Duncan, Fields, Hoffman, Johnson, Krampe, Keefer, Mast, Raymond, Riley, Seaborg, Sumner,, and Wulff. Riveter Wrestlers Will Meet Wisconsin AtMadisoaSaturday Boilermaker wrestlers will open their Big Ten meets when they tangle with Wisconsin at Madison on Saturday. In the only other contest so far this year the Boilermaker grapplers took second in the Mid-Western AAU meet. Those going to the meet are: Safford, 121; Fredricks, 128; Timms, 136; Papurca, 145; Captain Willy, 166; Lederer or Montgomery, 166; Aronson, 176; Italo Rossi, heavyweight.
I /-M Schemes PASKETBALL ' Today Court 1—J. Kurtz. 7:00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Triangle. ^ 7:16—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Chi. 8:16—^Pi Kappa Phi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. * Court 2—C. Rechenbach. 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho 7:16—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Faculty. 8:00—^Theta Chi vs. Sigma , Alpha Epsilon. 8:16—^Kappa Sigma vs. Acacia. Court 3—L. Swing. 7:00—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 7:16—Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:00—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:16—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Tau Court 4r-J. Welsch. 7:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Pi 7:16—Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Delta y Rho. 8:00—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:16—^Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
SQUASH Today 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 7:20—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7:40—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8:00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8:20—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
ALL CAMPUS MEN’S BOWLING TOURNAMENT Tuesday, January 9, 7 p. m.: Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Nu. Beta Theta Pi vs. Cary Hall South Blue Demons vs. Kappa Sigma At 9 p. m.: Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta. Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon.
Before the coming pencil contortions and slide rule conventions set in, the athletic squads, representing Purdue in winter sports will engage in several contests this week and then go into hibernation. for that period of several days that send the Big Ten (or nine) into the
doldrums.
Mid-week activity will be provided as Coach Dick Papenguth takes his swimming squad to Huntington on Wednesday to meet the Y. M. C. A. team there, w]iile Saturday will find four squads evenly split between home appearances and road engagements. The Saturday card calls for the basketball speedsters to make the second home appearance of the week against a rapidly developing Wisconsin quintet while the swimmers will make their second start of the week as they open both their home and Big Ten schedules against a powerful Northwestern group of
mermen.
While the basketball and swimming squads are providing the home attractions. Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestlers who have shown considerable promise, will launch their season against Wisconsin at Madison, and the squash racquets team will journey to South Bend to meet Notre Dame. Squash Team Meets lAC Squad Saturday In First Home Contest Indianapolis AC will attempt to annex the famous Coffee Cup squash trophy for another season by winning their second straight match over the Purdue racquet wielders at 2:30 Saturday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. Last week the lAC won the first leg of the series when the Boilermaker team lost 10-0. For the last two* years the trophy has remained at Purdue when they won in straight sets 2-0. The lineup will be practically the same that went on the eastern trip, with Captain Eberhard, Morley, Blessing, and Munro, being sure starters. The 13 matches will be played on the three squash courts in the Field-
house.
Freshman squash aspirants will practice at 7:30 p. m. Thursday at which time drawings yv^ill be held. All those interested are urged to turn out by Freshman Coach Knoll.
that a classified ad in the Exponent will bring you good results If you want to buy—sell—swap—rent or find something use the classified column in
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
Boilermakers Win (Continued from page 1) them has split even in their first two encounters. Last night’s results imt the Boilermakers in a tie with Michigan and Indiana for first place in the conference at this early stage of the season, the \ Riveters having the edge in total victory margin. The summary: PURDUE (49) B F P
Mickey Tierney
Blanken, f Sprowl, f Fisher, c Beretta, g Yeager, g Igney, f Tierney, g. ... Lorenz, f Caress, g Vernon, g Korschot, f. ... Brinkerhoff, c. ...
2 3 2 1 3 3 4 0 0 0 0 0
18 13 12
OHIO STATE (32) B F P Schick, f 2 3 1 Dawson, f 0 0 4 Sattler, c 0 0 1 Mees, g 0 14 Lynch, g 2 12 McLain, c 3 3 3 Goss, f 0 0 0 Mickelson, f 2 12 Marzano, f 0 0 0 Graf, g Ill Nichols, g 0 0 2 Fisher, f 10 1 I 11 10 21 Danny Fisher
. . . who scored eight points of the 49 garnered by the Boiler-
makers and— . , Forrest Sprowl
. . . Riveter center who was the high scorer in last night’s episode when he scored 9 points via two baskets and five free throws. Following closely were—
SENIORS
Buy Your Personnel Data Sheets
Now $3.85 Per Hundred UNION BUILDING — ROOM B
PURDUE ACTIVITIES BUREAU
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
Huntington T Tomorrow After spending thirteen days basking in the warm rays of the famous Florida sun, the swimming team is hard at work this week in preparation for their first meet of the new year against one of the most formidable tank squads in the Midwest, the Huntington YMCA. The Huntington team i^ under the tuteledge of Glen Hummer, whose squads have annexed a majority of the state YMCA titles during the past few years of
competition.
The Northern squad is headed by a large group of nationally famous stars. Swimming the backstroke will be Joe Dilley, a winner in last year’s national YMCA meet. Dilley was recently successful in lowering one of Adolf Kiefer’s backstroke records. Another luminary of the Huntington squad is Jerry Rudig, who, according to Coach Dick Papenguth, is one of the best distance swimmers ever developed in Indiana. Rudig made a strong bid for a berth on the 1930 Olympic team, but fell just short of landing a position in the final eliminatioh. Last year he won the National YMCA one-half mile event* ' Pilkinton is the most versatile swimmer on the team, swimming in the breaststrokes, baskstroke, and crawl events. The outstanding high board performer of the up-state squad will be diminutive Hiple. The Riveter team is still beset by the plague of ineligibilities, with eight members of the squad deficient in their scholastic standing. Smith, Mott, Harris, Lake, Mauck, Pahrner, and Krick are the men now ineligible for the team. Coach Papenguth will take a sophomore studded squad of 12 men on the trip to Huntington tomorrow. Eight second year men, 3 juniors, and r senior. Captain Graham, will compose the complete squad. Graham and Siler will carry the brunt of the Riveter attack against Rudig in the 220 and 440 distances, Ted Anderson will be swimming the backstroke for the Gold and Black, with Tingley and Walter. Black swimming against Pilkinton in the breaststroke event. Boilermakers Kratzer and Brammer will represent the team in the short dashes. Briggs, the only diver now eligible, will be the »ole diving performer on the Riveter squad in to-
morrow’s meet,
T^e twelve men making the trip are: Captain Graham, Siler, Kratzer, Brammer, Herr, Anderson, McReady, Tingley, Frank, Kusko, Briggs, and Moller. Campus Sluggers Will Stage Contest Tomorrow Night University boxing champions will be crowned Friday night at 7:30 p. m. in the annual pre-Golden Gloves matches in the Fieldhouse. Between 30 and 40 students have already signified their intent to enter the tournament, which is open to all students who wish to try their
hand in the ring.
Joe Benna, who represented Lafayette in the Golden Gloves matches in Chicago last year, winning three matches before losing a decision in the Windy City will be in charge of the exhibition, Joe, who has been tr-aining the boys this fall, promises plenty of action and although most of the fighters have not made names for themeselves several of them have shown signs of becoming good
fighters.
Anyone interested should report to Joe in the Fieldhouse this evening. This includes those who have not been working out there in the past few weeks. The proceeds of the match will be used to purchase equipment for the squad which it needs very much. A charge of fifteen cents will be made to students while general admission tickets will sell for twenty-
five cents.
. .. who likewise helped the home team to the extent of eight points.
A Painting
... of the late R. A. Craig, former chief veterinarian for the veterinary department, will be exhibited at the 52nd annual thi'ee-day convention of the Indiana State Veterinary Medical Association at Indianapolis, After the convention, which starts today, the painting will be hung in the Hall of Fame in the Agricultural building.. -it
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, January 9, 1940
Discussion Tournament, Debate Contests Highlight Semester's Forensic Activities
Tuesday, January 9, at 10, 2, and 4 o’clock, All cp-eds welcome. —KNIGHT.
Second Discussion Group Opens Tonight The second and final discussion of the first round of the cdmpus discussion tournament will be held tonight at 7:30. The first discussion pertained to the definition and introduction of the problem of propaganda. This round will bring forth the solutions and also furnish the basis for the eliminations. The 93 contestants left now and those not eliminated tonight will be eligible for the second round, which will begin early in the next semester. Any contestant who thinks he is eligible, but whose name is not on the pairings, should call Ralph Hultgren at the Phi Kappa Tau house before tonight. The groups will meet at the various fraternities. There will be nine groups of 10 men each this time and no substitutions may be made after this round.
£jthsA. £dilSL. By Hank Miller Information Please,, one of the best quiz programs of the year, according to a year end survey,, airs again tonight at 7:30 over WENR. Clifton Fadiman will toss questions at Franklin P. Adams and John Kieran, regulars on the show, and Edna Ferber, novelist, and Oscar Levant, pianist. Besides answering questions, the board of. experts, as they are called, get off many jokes and puns during the show. It is a completely unrehearsed program and more than once has brought forth funny and embarrassing situations. Take the time that Mi’s. F. D. R. was a guest on' the show and one of the board started fazzing the President. It’s a good show and de.serves a listen. At 8 o’clock this evening on WENR, the second in the new series of Cavalcade of America shows on the new series will take the air. Star of the program will be Walter Houston taking the role of Sam Houston in “The Life of Sam Houston.” Highlights for this evening on WBBM, Chicago, are “Big Town” with Edward G. Robinson and Ona Munson at 7 o’clock. At 7:30, the Court of Missing Heirs; at 8, We, the People with Gabriel Heater. At 9 p. m., Glenn Miller’s orchestra with the Andrew Sisters will take the air, likewise Wednesday and Thursday evenings. —e-e— ' Tomorrow night WBBM-CBS will present A1 Pearce and his gang at 7 o’clock, and Texaco Star Theater at 8 p. m. NBC will present Fi’ed Waring’s Pleasure Time at 6, Hollywood Playhouse at 7, Fred Allen at 8, and Kay Kyser at 9. —e-e— A final thought for tonight, don’t forget Fibber McGee and Molly and immediately following is Bob Hope with Skinnay Ennis, Judy Garland, and Jerry Colonna. —e-e— 73 for today. BIG TEN STANDINGS W L Pts. 0pp. Purdue 2 0 89 61 Michigan .. 2 0 84 74 Indiana 2 0 83 66 Minnesota 1 1 80 80 Northwestern 1 1 75 85 Illinois . 1 1 70 71 Wisconsin 1 1 59 62 Ohio State . 0 2 67 95 Iowa 0 2 64 87 Chicago - 0 2 51 54 David H. McMaster . . . graduate of the 1925 pharmacy class, has recently been elected vice-president of the Bell and Zoller Coal Co. McMaster for some years has been sales manager of the organization, which is one of the largest distributors and producers of coal in the middle-west.
Use EXPONENT Ads
Varsity Debate Issues Second Semester Call Second semester varsity debate organization will be held on Wednesday, a 4 p. m., in room 301 of Univerity Hall. All students who are interested in varsity debate should come prepared to discuss the neutrality question, “Should the United States adopt a policy of strict military and economic isolation toward all nations engaged in civil or armed conflict.” This semester the teams will participate in a new kind of tournament at Indiana for novice debaters and the Manchester tournament, one of the oldest and largest collegiate meets. In March Delta Sigma Rho, debating honorary, will sponsor a tournament at Madison, in which University teams will participate. In addition to the intercollegiate debates to be held on the campus, there is a possibility that a group will go to Denver to compete in the Rocky Mountain Debate conference. The varsity debate season ends the first week in April with the Big Ten tournament at Northwestern University.
honoring last year’s second semester distinguished students who lived in the Women's Residence Halls will be held in the South hall tonight. Members of the faculty are also special guests. Each girl will be presented with. a book as. a reward for her achievement. After dinner there will be a display in the Noi’th Hall recereation room'll the Amelia Earhart leisure time library and of the art
rental library.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Christian Science Orgrahization: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, January 9, in room C of .the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Silver Mask: Imi>ortant meeting Tuesday, January 9, at 7:30 p. m. at the Alpha Chi RKbk house. All members urged to be there. Election of officers. —WELDY.
Purdue Sportswomen: Compulsory meeting in WAA office, Women’s gym, Tuesday, January 9, at 5 p. m. —MATHER, a
Tuesday, January 9. Required attendance. Dance club members plan to see this. —KNIGHT. PEW 61, 63, 66: All classes except bowling and swimming meet in room lOlr of shops for Sun Valley film at one of the following hours: Tuesday, January 9, at 8 p. m., 4 p. m., 7:89 b. m., Wednesday, January 10, 3 p. m., 4 p. m. (1-10) -^HAZELTON.
tant staff meeting Tuesday, Janutury 9, at 4 i), m. -^BRBUER. A.PI1.A.: Meeting Tuen'day, January 9, at 7:80 p. m. in Pharmacy building. Eddie Cole on photography. —OSBORN.
Ceres: Meet with Keller Beeson In Union faculty lounge at 7 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. —NICKEY.
Purdue Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, January 9, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. ' ■—DENZLER.
Kappa Kappa Gamma-Phi Mu Bowlers: Meet in bowling alleys at 9 p. m., Tues- , day, January 9, for tourney match. Please be prompt. —SEIBERT. Dolphin Ciub: Important meeting at pool immediately after swimming meet Saturday, January 13. —HARRIS.
Scabbard and Blade: Formal initiation in Armory at 6 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. Banquet in Fowler Hotel at 6:80. —OLSON.
Freshman' Squash Men: Meeting Thursday, January 11, at 7 p. m. in room 106 in the Fieldhouse. —^KNOLL.
Classified Ads f6r sale FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, ■ standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. 0. F. Ebershoff, 6O6 Main street.
4V
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting at 6 p. m. Thursday, January 11, at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —CATTERALL.
Triton Ciub: Meeting Tuesday, January 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. , —SPEARS.
Senior Military: Those who are interested iff obtaining information about how honor graduates from ROTC obtain commissions in the regular army please meet in room 202, Armory, at 4 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. A board of officers will be at Purdue in the near future to interview candidates and conduct examination. —PICKERING.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in room F at 7 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. Attendance compulsory. —BRODY.
FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in- new fully Insulated house. Innerspring mattress, continuous hot water; two blocks from Union. 806 S. Grant.
•'t-
Scabbard and maae ban' Committee: Meet Wednesday,* January 10, at 4 p. n», room 206 in Armory. —PERRIN.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
Pistol Team: All interested in trying out for the. pistol team are asked -to report to the Ai'mory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad; All juniors -who signed up for this competition read notice posted on bulletin board in Armory. (1-13) —FAULCONER.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting in room 0 of the Union at 4:30 p. m., Sunday, January 7. New members must attend, others come for short time if at all possible. —HETTEMA. SC A Board Members: Regular board meeting will be held Tuesday, January 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Agriculturist room of the Union. —DRABENSTOTT.
Modem Dance Classes: Dance movies will be shown at 2 n. m. and 4 :45 p. m. in shops
Exponent Staff : Be sure to have exam schedules in my box by Friday, January 12, at 4 p. m. —FRED. P-Men: Please get tickets from me immediately to sell for Blanket Hop this Saturday. Every , P-Man should be selling these tickets. Call at the Alpha Chi Rho house. (1-13) —GAULKE.
FOR RENT—Extra nice downstairs room; single or double, with innerspring mattress. Very reasonable. 212 Wiggins. Ph. 46381. for RENT—Single room for student. 606 Dodge. Phone 76182.
WANTED—Students to work. 801 University St. Apply in' person.
Activities Bureau Workers: Very impor-
LOST—^Brown and tan overnight bag at station last Wednesday night. Call 8413 or 3829.
Silver Mask: Important meeting bn Tuesday, January 9, at 7 :30 p. m. at the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity. All members are urged to be present. There will be an election of officers. —WELDY.
Modern Dance Movie: Iowa Saga to be given in the library of the Women’s Gym
GOT A DATE?
A dale on your shirt will insure a big "date" on your engagement calendar whenever you want one. Girls simply can't resist men who wear smarter, neater looking "Dated Laundered Shirts".
Next Time
. . . you get a new shirt, send it here for laundering and dating. Then ... if you send it here only, we guarantee that it will wear a full year. If it wears out before then, a brand new one free. "Dated Laundered Shirt" quality care means NEWER looking
shirts always! ' ■ ■ 1 , Insured Moth Proofing
CROWN Luiuidrii -Drq Cieotiinq Phone 4073 "
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—-Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Florists
• Dine .
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
COME OVER! ■ EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Tailor
• jewelers
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
' Pahy
i ' LaVerne
Copyright 1940, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
Maxene