^f '^*’■”"^■V *'''') vf'” "Iv/ ^-Vf^ .!r i,* •''f"''^ ’■'‘■(I ^ ‘-'h/ li *'’v
7?\ t "#
^ i J IV, y/ '
; ^ ; > Tr' 4
She Purdue lExpunexit
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVtII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MAY 18, 1937
NUMBER 1S5
lone S A A Elections? Petitions Due Tomorrow
Postp<
Elections of Student Athletic Association officers, originally scheduled for today, have been postponed until Thursday. All ticket book holders and “P” men will be eligible to vote at that time. The polls, in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building,
will be open from 8 till 5 o'clock. Four S. A.A. officers will be
ROTC Juniors To Command Corps Today
E. N. Cox will relieve Glen Martin as brigade commander immediately after Corps formation in the Armory at corps day this morning to command the season’s last review which will be held on Intramural Field in honor of senior cadet officers. After the corps has formed, all seniors will fall out at Martin’s command and junior officers, previously appointed, will fill the vacated posts. The senior officers will then report to Intramural Field as the reviewing party to inspect the last review of the year. Junior regimental commanders for this morning’s review are: D. D. Baals, first PFA; W. C. Musham, second PFA; J. R. Murray third PFA; and W. H. Wood, fourth PFA. For this morning’s formation, the fourth PFA will form north of the Armory. There will be no motorized battalion.
Potter Invited To Discuss Research At Mine Congress
Dean A. A. Potter, of the University schools of engineering, is among the list of engineers who have been invited to participate in a discussion meeting on research problems to be held in Cincinnati, O., tomorrow. The meeting will be held in connection with the gathering of the American Mining Congress in Cincinnati May 17-21, Dean Potter’s statement that “Research IS the door to tomorrow for the coal industry, for the power industry, and for all other undertakings which are interested in progress; and provides the best insurance for any organization interested in growth rather than stagnation” is expected to be elaborated upon by Stephen P. Burke, consulting engineer, in an address on “A General Picture of Coal Research.”
Expect 200 At W eed, Seed Conference
Noxious weeds and farm seeds of all kinds will be discussed at the second annual Weed and Seed Conference to be held at the University on Jpne 29, Oliver C, Lee, extension weed specialist, announced yesterday. ' More than 200 farmers, seedsmen, grain dealers, and seed specialists are expected to attend the conference. Last word information on Indiana seed laws, the weed problem, hay and pasture mixtures, and hybrid corn problems %re to be discussed.
Bray Talks, New Officers Elected For AIChE
At a meeting held last night in Heavilon Hall, the University section of the A. I. Ch. E. selected the following oflftcers for the coming year: president, R. P. Griffenhagen; and secretary-treasvfer,
J, H. Jacobi.
A feature of the meeting was a talk hy Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the department of chemical engi neerin^, on his/experiences in South
America.
Chi Epsilon
Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary society, announces the electioh of the following officers: J. L. Waling, president; L. A. Rieth, vice-president; G. D. Rose,i secretary; F. T. Sheets, treasurer; and D. H. McFadden, associate editor of Transit.
chosen — a senior president, two junior vice presidents, and a senior head cheer-leader. To vote, each student must bring with him to the polls either his ticket book or his University registration schedule card. Petitions Due Tomorrow Petitions from candidates desiring to run for the offices must be turned in to the senate office or the Union desk by 5 o’clock tomorrow night. A ballot fee of one dollar must accompany each petition. All prospective candidates must contact Dan Rohyans, senate president, by tonight.
Pick 20 Best Basic Soldiers
Winners in the “best soldier” contest, which is sponsored annually by Scabbard and Blade to promote interest in military training, were chosen Saturday afternoon by members of Scabbard and Blade. The 10 best sophomores were: W. L. Hostetler, R. W. Oyler, R. O. Dirmeyer, R. E. Hall, T. L. Tomaszewgki, H. W. Lownie, J. M. Rudolph, R. B. Langohr, R. L. Rich ardson, and R. C. Zimmer. The 10 outstanding freshman were: F. W. Miller, B. W. Carpen ter, R. C. Kany, J. G. Eilering, R. F. Yarber, D. G. Malcolm, J. A. Hebbeler, R. Brown, R. R. Cooper, and R. F. McIntyre. The first five men in each class will be awarded medals and citations, while the remaining five will be awarded citations only.
Andre Kostelanetz To Play In New Screen Show
Andre Kostelanetz, orchestra conductor on the Chesterfield program broadcasts, has been engaged to do the concert sequences in Paramount’s “Artists And Models,” the 1937 all-star picture featuring Jack Benny, Burns and Allen, and other oustanding radio personalities. All of the scenes in which Kostelanetz appears will be crowded into SIX shooting days so that he can return in time to conduct the following week’s Chesterfield program. '
Mortar Board Initiates 10
1000 Extra Commencement Tickets On Hand
PresideUt Elliott’s office has given the Gala Week Committee 1,000 extra tickets for commencement exercises. The tickets will be distributed at the discretion of the committee to seniors who need them.
All seniors will receive four tickets when they pay their diploma fee.
Plan Dinner For Musicians
Approximately 176 members of University musical organizations including the Concert Choir, University Choir, Girls’ Glee Club, the Men’s Glee Club, and University Orchestra will be dinner guests of the student executive committee on Thursday evening at 6:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. After dinner the managers of the various organizations will make reports of the past year. The new managers who will comprise the executive committee for next year will Be announced at this time. Members of the faculty who have been invited to attend the achievement dinner of the musical organizations include: President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Prof, and Mrs. F. C. Hockema, Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, and Professor and Mrs. W. A. Knapp.
ASCE Branches Pick Junior Membership Award Winners
At the annual banquet of the student branch of A. S. C. E. held at LincolmLodge, Wednesday evening. Professor R. B. "Wiley, head of the civil engineering school, announced the winners • of the annual awards of junior memberships in A. S. C. E. The Illinois section selected J. M. Baker for its award of a complimentary junior membership. This will be officially presented to him at a dinner meeting in Chicago in the near future. The Indiana section selected W. H. Keenan and R. R. Byington, who will receive their junior memberships at a dinner meeting at the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis, May 28.
Dr. Harger To Address Pharmacists On ‘Poisons And Poisoners’ Thurs,
Mortar Board, senior co-ed honorary, held its annual sunrise initiation for ten co-eds Sunday morning on the lawn of the home of Dean R. G. Dukes. Following the, initiation, breakfast was served at the Dukes’ home for the actives, initiates, alumnae, and faculty members.
Dr. R. M. Harger, noted toxicologist and member of the faculty of the pharmacy department of the Indiana University Medical School, will address students of the pharmacy school at 3 o’clock Thursday in the Pharmacy Building on the subject, “Poisons and Poisoners.”
He will also address the alceloidal chemistry classes at 4 p. m. on “Toxicology.”
Total Eclipse Of Sun Will Be Broadcast In CBS Series
By D. G. Terrio Completely obscured by the moon.
the sun will offer the longest period of total eclipse in over 1200 years at approximately 4:20 p. m. (CST), on June 8. The Columbia Broadcasting System will present a series of broadcasts coverihg every aspect of the celestial show as observed a,t the base camp of a scientific expedition high in the mountains of Peru, South America. Representatives Columbia’s representatives, William Perry, announcer, and Raymond Newby, engineer, sailed from New York yesterday for Lima, Peru, at which place they will join the Hayden Plapetarium-Grace Peruvian Eclipse Expedition. The expedition is composed of internationally famous scientists, headed by Dr. Clyde Fisher, curator of the Hayden Planetarium and the American Museum of Natural History. From Lima, the party of seven scientists and the radio men will
ascend high into the Cefrp de Pasco region of the Andes mountains, where five different points of observation will be established. Tents for the base camp will be set up at Cerro de Pasco or at Casma, both 160 miles from Lima and at an altitude of more than three miles. Dr. Clyde Fisher will speak from Lima on Saturday, May 29, from 6:46 to 7 p. m. on the ancient superstitions of the sun-worshipping Inca Indians in regard to eclipses. Other Broadcasts Other broadcasts will follow, and the fin^l broadcast will be a description of the pclipse itself on Tuesday, June 8, from 6 to 6:30 p. m. This greatest heavenly display in 1200 years will actually last but three and one-half minutes. The Expedition’s principal purpose is to take motion and still pictures of the eclipse as well as color photographs and spectroscopic studies of the sun’s corona.
Union Board Meets To Nominate— Changes Plans, Unexpectedly Elects Thirteen 1937-38 Vice-Presidents
Summer Courses To
Stress Eye Teaching
Visual instruction methods, which have assumed a prominent place in education during recent years, will be taught in 2 two-week courses offered by the coming summer.session. These courses will run from June 14 to June 26. Actual specimens, models, films, exhibits, and graphic material of all kinds will be used to illustrate teaching by visual methods as an aid to learning. Most of the teaching will be done by H. A. Henderson of Indianapolis.
Offer 3 Week
Ag Courses
Three-week short courses for both graduate and undergraduate credit are being offered by the Farm Management department of the University for the summer session to begin June 14 and continue until July 3. “Agricultural Extension Methods,” a training course administered by Professor O. G. Lloyd of the farm management department, has already drawn an enrollment of 28 experienced County Agents. Instruction will be given by extension men from the U. S. Department of Agriculture on the psychology of teaching, ejftension methods, and effective speech. “Agricultural Prices,” a course to be taught by M. Paul Mitchell, marketing specialist, will deal with an analysis of the causes of price fluctuations. He is now University extension specialist in marketing.
Alpha Lambda Delta Elects New Officers
Following an initiation service and breakfast in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building on Sunday morning, new officers of Alpha Lambda Delta, co-ed freshman honorary, were elected. The president for next year will be Ruth Randall; vice-president, Katherine Mounce; secretary, Jean Horwitz, jand treasurer, Janette Morris. Georgiapna Pittman, retiring president, officiated at the meeting.
WBAA Auditions May 19
Auditions for those students desiring to be announcers on the staff of WBAA during the summer session will be held at 7 o’clock tomorrow evening m the broadcasting studios, located in the Electrical Engineering Building.
Reserve Officers Sponsor Smoker In Union Bldg,
Tippecanoe chapter reserve officers will hold a smoker tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The affair is being sponsored for cadet officers of the University corps, so that they may become acquainted with the reserve officers. Speakers for the evening include: Colonel Brewer; Colonel Sherburne, chief of staff of the Indiana military area; Colonels Byers and Bassett; Majors McLeod and Buerket; and Captain Gray.
Display Applied Design Work In Lafayette
Student work done this year in the applied design classes of Miss Austin, Miss Hastie, and Miss Goeppinger is now being displayed at the Lafayette Art Gallery on Main street. The exhibit includes plates of coS' tume illustrations and designs, man' nikins costumed by students, cover designs, textile designs for dhildren’a story books, wooden article designs, textile designs, posters, and plates of interior color harmony.
In an impromptu election held Saturday afternoon from 1 till 6, members of the Student Union electoral board appointed 13 vice presidents from the sophomore class. These appointments will replace the popular elections which were to be staged today. The electoral board consisted of Student Union Presi-
dent J. H.
Shoemaker; L. M.
Vallely, manager of the Union; Prof. F. C. Hockema, representing Pres. E. C. Elliott; the three Union senior executives; and the 13 retiring vice presi-
dents.
Vallely Proposes Election The meeting, originally planned for the purpose of making nominations for the vice-presidential positions, was changed to an election session at the unexpected suggestion of Vallely. As a result of this suggestion the Union electoral board decided unanimously to appoint vice-jiresidents instead of sponsoring popular elections. Vice-Presid«its Vice-presidents include: T. D. Cabonargi, of the civil engineering school; Phyllis Crossman, science; Frances Eastburn, home economics; T. P. Garland, public service; R. S. Harper, agriculture; L. A. Jacobson, mechanical; E. Mason, mechanical; G. W. Matthews, mechanical; W. K. Millholland, mechanical; D. A. Samuelson, civil; A.
(Continued on page 4)
Forencists Will
Attend Stage, Stump, Studio Banquet
The Stage-Stump-Studio banquet to be held Thursday at Lincoln Lodge and will be open to all students who have been active in dramatics, debate, or radio, regardless of whether or/ not they'have received special invitations. Transportation will be provided for all those needing the service, if they leave their names at the Union desk. Cars will leave the Grant street door of the Union Building from 6:30 until 6:66 Thursday evening, and the banquet is to start at 6 o’clock. Those who have cars available are requested by the committee to notify Bob Roystex.
M. D. Steer Confined
To Local Hospital
M. D. Steer, instructor in t he speech department and head of the speech clinic, is responding to treatment at St. Elizabeth’s hospital, where he has been confined for the past week. An infection, which was Tesponsible for his illness earlier in the year, was given as the cause for his confinement.
The probable length of his stay at the hospital has not been determined, but he IS reported by visitors to be recovering satisfactorily. During his absence, other instructors in the speech department have taken over his duties.
DU’s Assist Juska, Schreyer With Debs
Arriving at the University airport Saturday night to meet a couple of debutante girl friends from Fort Wayne, Marty Schreyer, captain of next year’s football eleven, and Tony Juska, varsity sophomore fullback, found about 30 of their brother DU’s also waiting to meet the plane. Marty and Tony had made the mistake of showing the boys a telegram from the girls telling where and when they would arrive. About 7:15 a blue monoplane circled the field and landed. At a prearranged signal the rest of the DU’s gathei'ed round the plane and gave the girls an official welcome with a few chosen Songs, pleasing Marty and Tony no end.
SDX Awards Leather Medal To M. L. Fisher
Prof. M. L. Fisher, dean of men, was awarded the leather medal, given annually fiy Sigma Delta Chi to the person contributing the most to the University during the year, at the Founder’s Day Banquet Saturday night held in connection with the first University “Newspaper Day.” More than 60 newspapermen representing 26 Indiana newspapers several faculty members, and students were in attendance. Forster Elected SDX Prexy A. H. Forster was elected president of the active Sigma Delta Chi chapter to succeed C. M. Hardin, at an election of officers held during the afternoon. Carl Sadler, K. A. Barnette, and R. N. Gilbert were elected to the positions of vice-pres-ident, secretary, and treasurer. The alumni group also elected officers, choosing Don Hoover, Hammond, president; Charles Hoover, Rochester, vice-president, and Herbert Heimlich, West Lafayette, secretary and treasurer. In the principal address of the evening given by Stephen C. Noland Indianapolis News editor, the newspaper of the future was pictured as more highly factual, more carefully edited, carrying moi-e pictures and more white space, requiring less reading.
Prof. J. A. Estey, of the history and economics department, will talk at the spring initiation banquet of Alpha Zeta, all agricultural scholastic honorary, in the Memorial Union Building Thursday evening at 6:30, C. M. Hardin, president, announced last night. T. J. Marvel will be honored at the banquet for having received the highest grades in the freshman class of the school of agriculture for the past semester. His name will be engraved on the Alpha Zeta plaque in recognition of this achievement. Initiation ceremonies will take place at 4 Thursday afternoon.
Estey Will Speak At Alpha Zeta Initiation
AGR Chapter Officers Attend Training School
Thirty-nine newly elected chapter officers^and chapter advisors of Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity, representing seven colleges in as many states, assembled at the local Alpha Gamma Rho chapter house this week-end for the annual district chapter officei's’ training school. Included in the program which extended from Saturday until Sunday noon were: V. C. Freeman, acting dean of the school of agriculture; Martha Wood, University coed, M. L. Fisher, dean of men; R. B. Stewart, University controller, and national counselor of Alpha CM Rho fraternity; and Prof. E. L. Buts of the farm management department. '
Demi MatthewsTo Sfi^ak At Banquet ]bi Lansing
Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the home economics school, wBl speak on “The Home Economist Looks At The World” today at the annual home economics banqtuet of Michigan State College, Lansing, Mich. Tomorrow Dean Matthews will speak at Plymouth on “Women, Today And Tomomw*^ at the annual I gueat day meeting of the home economics clubs of that community.
:
iSiilAiiiliH
igmmk
f. ■mm.1 .
r“
»
I
fe
f
is
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
■■'■ ''"' ■'
r Tuesday, May 18, 1987
Jl^^t IPurbue exponent
Founded in 188S
M oAnnnd eloBS matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered by
>8 JO per
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Bnilneae Phone 6088
OFFICBl—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5087
Bditor-in-Chief.. Managins Editor—
Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF ^ J. B. Brock "d'/X Baiiey,"1u''’a Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, — H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager - Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager.. Lo^ Advertising Manager Circulation Manager -
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard ....W. J. Gillilan R. R. Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor. Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF ^ .'.V.’.'.'.'.’.'.....'."'..J." s’ Brown, R ’ii. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor .“.. Associate Editors..
WOMEN'S STAFF , Eli^.eth Pyke ”3." Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—J. C. Woodson, Jr.
All Open Letter To The Student Union Board
Dear Sirs:
NO, IT WAS NOT A CASE OF LAZINESS . . . that caused the disappearance of this here colyum for nigh onto a week ... it might be called an experiment . . . o.r worthy research ... of what the whims, etc. of the stoogent body am where said item of words is concerned . results successful ... we hope .
THIS COLYUM IS THE SWAN SONG of ye olde editor . .. and the noble and exciting duties of being accused of all wrongs, etc., will be thrust upon the shoulders of one, MAC, otherwise known as BETH McCOOL, for the rest of the year . . . boy will it be a relief to be a human being once again . ..
We sat here in the Exponent office the other night planning an editorial for today’s paper. We were going to try to persuade University students to “vote for the man the Student Union elections, which were scheduled to be held today. We wanted to get students to consider the merits of the candidates up for election. Yet we were certain that our efforts would be practically futile. How could the students be informed of the relatpe capabilities of the candidates ? And, if they were familiar with the record of each man, would not fraternal and political bonds sway their votes ? Then we were told Saturday night that your board had, while making the usual nominations that afternoon, appointed the vice presidents of the Student Union for 1937-38. The news was extremely pleasing, not because your action relieved us of writing a fruitless editorial, but because you had brought about the ends which we had hoped some day to effect. You had practically placed Union elections on a merit basis. First, you had cast aside the popular method of electing the vice presidents. Of course, even under the popular elections system you reserved the right to appoint any outstanding candidates who did not receive sufficient student votes to get into office, but occasionally undeserving workers were carried into junior positions on the strength of their popularity or political backing. The best man is not always the most popular man, and the voters have little means of knowing who the best man is. Second, while you did not entirely disregard schools in making your selections, you did not appoint a man from a certain school just in order to allow representation from that school; and you did not keep a good man out of office merely because there happened to be another fellow from his school with, a slightly better record up for consideration. At first we thought that if your board would only next eliminate juniors from the electing of both junior vice presidents and senior officers, then you would have established Student Union elections on a merit basis. We still think so, for that matter, but there is another side to the question. We became more fully aware of that after a talk with Mr. Vallely last night. The work carried on by the Student Union officers is not of a technical nature; it does not require any specific abilities or specialized training. While a capacity for doing work is important, the ability to get along with people is one of the best assets for executing the functions of the Union, and it is this knack that makes a fellow popular with his schoolmates and helps him to build up political support. The chief purpose of allowing students to manage the affairs supervised by the Student Union is to train them for work of a similar nature after graduation. The more opportunities given for Union workers to participate in both the regular work of the organization and in the selection of its officers, the more valuable is the experience they are receiving. So some sacrifices can be made in the elections for the purpose of providing broader training for the junior vice presidents. Some of the juniors on your board will one day be business executives whose successes depend to a great extent upon their ability to judge men, and any experience along that line now will be invaluable if it is used rightly. When you begin thinking in this manner, however, you can stretch the experience idea back to the students themselves ... right back to popular elections. We agree with you that elections by the students are not desirable at the present. We could argue that popular elections are not desirable at any time unless the students can be led to regard the qualifications of the candidates for office. But someone has to determine these qualifications, and who can do that better than the Union board itself ? And if the board knows who is best fitted for office why go to the extra expense of a student election ? There is the old American principle of representation, but cannot the students be better served by the best men, selected by a Union board, than by usually the best men but occasionally otherwise ? Anyway we wish to congratulate you on your action of last Saturday. Perhaps some of the campus politicians are sick enough now that even a general student election could be carried off without too much political interference. The Exponent
I REGRET THAT I SHALL NO LONGER BE ABLE TO: 1. Check on the activities of CAPT. BECKLEY and his episodes . . . . such as the one about the gorgeous baby that grabbed him in front of all the reviewing officers on last Thursday afternoon ... 2. Heckle “Fielder’s Cherce” WALPOLE, BOB is one H of a fine boy—considering he is a fi jam . . . 3. Sit on the steps of WRH and check time on the babies . . . 4. Barge in where I’m kinda not wanted . . . 5. Snoop at Heavilon Hall wid AL BRANDT and his camera . . . 6. Keed the Sigma Chis about their modeling ability . . . and BILL HODGDON as to how he crowned Queen MARSHALL at the May Festival . . . and further worry WILLIAM about that picture of his crowning stunt that appeared in Saturday night’s Lafayette, Journal and Courier . . .
.7. Listen to solne of the Sigs tell about the way BlliL EWOLDT said ?I.(?)@?!@| on the days his name 'appeared in the colyum . even so, he loved it all, folks . 8. Witness the development of such a fine book as this year’s DE BRIS . . . WES, may I extend my sincere congratulations upon that book . . .it is by far the best I have ever had the pleasure to witness ... 9. Write the ' nick names “ARMY BRAT” and “LEGS” in the colum agin for LORNA McLEOD and LOIS PUTZE respectively . 10. Spread the Bull about HAR“VEY CLINE and his much talked of 8 years of college life . . . 11. Snicker about the darling shirts that “JOE” QUINLAN has nerve enough to wear . . . (don’t know whether it’s nerve or brass) 12. Hunt through other college papers for a few choice jokes or pomes to swipe . . . 13. Spend a couple of hours each evening in front of a typewriter on this yere chair . ..
A great lover is one that can tell whether a gal is “that way” or just sleepy . . . AND NOW FOR ONE LAST CHOICE BIT ... HOPE REISNER the gal that got a fishnet because she could get the men but couldn’t hold them ... she has collected three pins in this one semester ... as I mentioned in a former colyum . . . I again mention the fact that all men in her life are or have been taken for well known rides . . .pins or no pins . . . and GLEN MARTIN is the latest to be, included in her class in “The Pitfalls of Life!” . . .
TO THE FOLLOWING I WISH TO MAKE THE AWARD OF TWO MARS PASSES . . . GENE K. WRIGHT KENNY PECK BETH McCOOL HIX MEIER
THE MARS PASSES WILL BE AT THE UNION DESK BY NOON TODAY . . . THANKS FOR YOUR
/
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
(S) Id37 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
“I have to put that on Willie whenever there are cookies to deliver.”
NOBLE CONTRIBUTIONS
A LOT OF THE THINGS ... I said during my editorship of this colyum may or may not have been fair statements .... even though my attempts were what I believed to be sincere . . . although I haVe tried hard to please everyone ... I realize that I have not . . . but I hope that what I have done has beoi worth doing to enough students on the campus that both my time and theirs has not been wasted . . . May there be no hard feelings between myself and those whom I have written about... —30—
They Will Serve Unbiased To the Editor:
Saturday afternoon, after nominations had commenced and without any previous consultation with anyone, I proposed to the Student Union Board that nominations be so limited as to make a general student election unnecessary this month. I did so because the present unhealthy political conditions make a general student election distasteful to anyone sincerely interested in the welfare and program of the Student Union. No one had any previous knowledge of the possibility of eliminating the general student election. The Student Union Board may now enter office without unnecessary or unfair pledges to any group so that the entire membership of the Board will be free to serve, unbiased, the interests of the entire student body. I sincerely trust that the honorable, far-seeing leaders of the campus will insist that clique politics and deals between candidates for other campus officers and unfair and dishonorable attitudes will not be allowed to besmirch Union Board meihbers and, another year, all students, by popular and free vote, may decide who shall represent them. ^ L. M. Vallely,
Manager, Purdue Memorial Union
WITH A
GENERAL ELECTRIC
NOW FBICED AS LOW AS
Famous for long^ Ufc and tron-ble-foee operation. General Electric Fans are now available
for as litde as $3.45!
Boy yours today ;:: and enjoy, for years to come, its cool, re-
Ireshing breezes^
And remember, whether you choose an inexpensive G-E
“Junior” Fan, or the finest G-E *^uiet” Fan, you'll always be
glad you bought a G-E!
IN STOCK AND FOR SALE BY
HAYWOOD’S
Fifth and Ferry Sta.
“Everything: for the Office” PHONE 4085
Lafayette, Ind.
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Conforming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
George O’Brien Heather Angel
in
“Daniel Boone” —and— Ralph Bellamy in “Man Who Lived Twice’ —also— “March of Time”
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
A LAUGH TONIC
Thrills... and ->*
heart-throbs,too ....in Wally’s swellest hit I
SOMECASTI Mh UNA MERKEL RIC LINDEN ^JUDITH BARRETT BETTY FURNESS JED HEALY -PLUS—
"Popeye the Sailor Meets Sinbad the Sailor” 2 Reels In Technicolor
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
R. I BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
TODAY — WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
BASIL RATHBONE TILLY LOSCH
In Technicolor
-PLUS-
lUHLTER ilNCHELL BEN BERNIE
ALICE FAYE PATSY KELLY NED SPARKS JACK HALEY
—PLUS— Pete Smith Act
Cartoon In Color/-■y
^:r u,
^:r u,
f: m
^1 I
Tuesday, May 18,1837
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
P00e Ithsrtie
Fehringmen Defeat Tittle Giants/ 7-6
Close Game Decided By Tallies In Ninth Inning
By J. S. Brown Crashing through with a ninth inning rally that netted two runs, the BoilenAaker diamondmen beat Wabash yesterday at Crawfordsville 7-6. The score stood 6-6 against the Riveters ut the end of the seventh and it looked like the game would turn out like last Friday’s tilt, but two walks and an error iii the ninth provided the necessary two runs. Wabash jumped into an early lead collecting four runs in the second. However, Dutch’s boys got three in the third and one in the fourth to tie the score at four apiece, where it stood until the seventh. Purdue then picked up one, but Wabash grabbed two. Ninth Inning Rally The ninth inning started off with Arman,drawing a walk. He went to second on a sacrifice by Baker and
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Darner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflSce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
took third on an error. Bartz then drove one to the shortstop, and Arman went home while Bartz was being thrown out at first. Meanwhile Lyboult, who had gotten on by a fielder’s choice, followed Arman home/)n Bartz’s drive. Stu Heiss pitched for the Boilermakers, allowing seven walks and nine hits. Purdue picked up the same number of hits and five walks from Prestin, Wabash moundsman. Breslin Hits Homer “Red” Breslin was the stellar fitter of the day, clouting out a homer in the third with three men on base. He hit twice oUt of his three times at bat. The box score: Wabash AB R H E Breswick, ss 4 111 White, cf 4 0 10 Jones, If 5 110 Van Duzar, c .... 5 0 2 0 Hanscom, lb .... 3 1 1 0 Cooney, 2b 3 1 1 0 Gruca, 3b 3 0 0 1 Berquist, rf 4 110 Prestin, p 3 1 1 0 Totals 34 6 9 2 Purdue AB R H E Baker, If 3 2 11 Lyboult, 2b 8 2 10 Bartz, rf 4 0 10 Breslin, 3b 3 12 1 Dean, lb 6 0 2 0 Malysiak, cf 4 0 10 Bredewater, c ... 1 0 0 0 Malaska, c 2 0 0 1 Waling, ss 4 113 Arman 0 10 0 Heiss, p 10 0 0 Totals 30 7 9 6 Bredewater batted for Malaska in the 8th inning. Arman batted for Heiss in the 9th
SPRING’S
More Fun With a
GOOD CAR
We’ll guarantee you’ll see more, or have more fun, with a mechanically perfect car from our repair shop. Why
Our mechanics take pains in fixing your car to suit you. Their work is of the highest quality, greatest efficiency, and moderately priced.
Your car will be tops in performance if repaired by
Peter Anderson Co.
24 Hour Service 525 ALABAMA PHONE 4048
Maroons Bow
To Trackmen; Lemen Stars
Purdue’s track squad came into its own Saturday afternoon at Chicago, when it triumphed in eight of the 16 events to outpoint the Maroon thinlies, 73 to* 68. The Boilermakers were far superior as they flashed unbeatable form to take a sweep in the mile, eight firsts, and a large majority of the second and third places to cinch the meet. George Halcrow of the Maroons turned in the afternoon’s most spectacular performance. Running as anchor man on the mile relay team, he picked up a 20 yard gap to break the finish tape inches ahead of the Boilermaker anchor man, with a time of :47.8. Lemen Wins Hurdles Bob Lemen, Purdue’s star hurdler, performed in his usual fine style by coming through with the winning time of :23.9 in the 220 yard low hurdles.
Notre Dame
Nine Wallops BallTeam,15-0
Notre Dame’s “fighting Irish” baseball nine proved too strbng for the Boilermakers last Saturday at South Bend, handing them a 15-0 beating, their worst so far this year. Glen Downey, Joe Doan, and Bob Rosser pitched for the home squad, but couldn’t seem to stop the Notre Dame hitters, who collected a total of 18 hits. Captain Ennio Arboit, who performed on the mound for the South Benders, allowed only two hits. So effective was his pitching that not a single Boilermaker got as far as second base. Eight Purdue Errors The Notre Dame team scored in every inning but the fifth. Eight errors by the Riveters brought in several "^tuns for the Irish.*" " The score by innings: R H E N. Dame .... 142 103 31x—15 18 3 Purdue . .. 000 000 000— 0 2 8
FRATERNITY TENNIS CLASS ‘B’ DOUBLES
TODAY—4:15 Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappd^'Tau. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Winner (Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu). Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi. —5:00— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Delta'Upsilon vs. Sigma Nu. Phi Delta Theta vs. Winner (Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho).
FRATERNITY TENNIS CLASS “A” DOUBLES
TODAY—5:00 Winner (S. A. M. or Theta Xi) vs.^ Winner (S. A. E. or Phi Delt) Phi Kappa Tau vs. Winner (Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi).
STANDINGS
—National /League— Won Lost Pittsburgh 16 6 St. Louis 13 9 New York 12 11 Brooklyn 11 11 Chicago 11 12 Philadelphia 9 ' 14 Cincinnati 8 13 Boston 8 13 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 6; Cincinnati, 2. All others rained out.
Pet. .762 .691 .522 .500 .478 .391 .381 .381
—American League— Won Lost Philadelphia 11 7 New York 12 9 Cleveland 9 8 Detroit 11 10 Boston 9 9 Chicago 9 11 St. Louis 8 11 Washington 9 13 Yesterday’s Results • Philadelphia, 3; New York, Washington, 4; Boston, 3. All others rained out.
Pet. .611 .572 .529 .524 .600 .460 .421 .409
2.
After careful consideration of all the students desiring to conduct this column, we have decided Bill Fifield is our man . . . Bill has won a major letter in track as well as freshman awards in football and track .. he is also very active in intramural sports . . . ' —^fc— Bill has had plenty of experience in sports writing ... he was a member of the Exponent sports staff for three years and held the office of associate sports editor last year . . —^fc— The new columnist is a Phi Psi his home is in Crown Point (of Dillinger fame) and he is one of the 11 juniors in the public service school . . . —^fc— The highlight of Bill’s athletic career came when he finished third in the Olympic qualifications in the 440 at Ohio State last year . . . . besides all these activities. Bill is a flying enthusiast . . . and vicepresident of the Plying Club . . .
We wish him lots of luck in his undertaking and hope that he is as successful in the conducting of this column as he has been in other lines of sport that he has entered —R. F. 0.
The thlnkiar fellow c«lle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occaaione 26c per pasaenKcr any part of the city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
^SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING
Office Slailoneiy . o W^eddlnfl Invitations
PHOHE ” ‘’ ^628 CASSEL’S dooFERifi
Baseball, Track, Golf Head Week^s Sport Schedule In Big Ten Competition
Three Big Ten engagements for Coach Dutch Fehring’s baseball nine, which will meet Illinois here this afternoon at 4 o’clo'ck and then journey to Bloomington to meet Indiana in a two-game series on Friday and Saturday, will headline the week’s activities for Purdue’s intercollegiate athletic teams as the spring sports sfeason draws to a close.
While the diamond aggregation attempts to better its rating in the Big Ten standing. Coach Orval Martin’s track squad will ‘ be in the midst of intensive training for the conference championships at Ann Arbor on Friday and Saturday. The loss of Art Bodeau, sophomore middle distance star, due to an injured foot, and Claude Moore, who has dropped out of competition due to inability to regain the form that made him one of the nation’s outstanding milers two years ago, has seriously cut down Purdue’s potential strength, not only for the Big Ten championships, but for the state meet the following week-end. Lemen’s Chances Good Bob Lemen, slim junior hurdler, who has been undefeated in dual competition in the low hurdl^, will be the Boilermakers’ best bet for high honors at Ann Arbor. Lemen, who has been skimming the low barriers well under 24 seconds all season, will likewise make a bid for points in the high sticks.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DK. PAUL A. KIBK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RHK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
The golfers, who finished a successful dual meet season with three straight victories last week, will continue their bid for team honofs in the Big Ten championship today, and then launch preparations for the state meet on May 28-29, which promises to be a three-way fight between Indiana; Notre Dame, and Purdue.
BASEBALL
—TUUAY—4:15— Diamond 1—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Umpire—Bartling. 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Winner of (Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi). Umpire—Chapman. 9— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Winner (Sigma Nu vs. Phi Gamma Delta). Umpire— Gillis. 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Umpire— Zachary.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 6th St.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Mr. Merchant:
THIS
IS IN THE SPOTLIGHT
the space where your name should be. It pays to keep your name before the students, faculty, prospective students, alumni, and townspeople. They are your potential customers today and tomorrow. Let tj\em know who you are and what you have to offer. Do this through the medium of the PURDUE EXPONENT—the paper that is read daily by over 5,000 people.
Dial 5038 for a representative to call on you at your place of business.Page Foqr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, May 18/1937
A
Union Board Meets— Elects ’37-’38 Juniors (Continued from page 1)
P Taylor, chemical; Eleanor Turner, home economics; and Martha Wood, science This form of board election or appointment for vice-presidents has not been permanently adopted; it was done this V^ai because an unusual political set-up threatened the election of undeseiving men. When the appointments had been made the entire electoial board agreed that the stiongest possible vicepiesidential staff had been chosen. Senior Appointments Boaid appointments for senior Student Union positions will be made this afternoon at 4 The same electoral board will choose these officers Three senior positions will be filled—president, executive, and one co-ed executive.
Sigma Xi Initiation, Banquet To Precede Lecture Tomorrow Night
Sigma Xi, honorary research society, will hold an initiation ceremony at 5 o’clock tomorrow night in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building The ceremony IS to be followed by a banquet at 6 30 in the ballroom for the members At 8 o’clock, the group will adjourn to Eliza Fowler Hall to hear J F Stone, chairman of Ohio State Univeisity’s board of trustees, give an illustrated lecture on “Canyon Country—The Romance Of A Drop Of Water And A Grain Of Sand.” The lecture is open to the public.
Roger Williams Club Plans Senior Banquet
Roger Williams Club members will attend a banquet for senior members of the Baptist Church Friday evening, May 21, at the new Cynthia Jones Hall. Piofessoi Hockema will be the principal speaker, while music by a string ensemble will be featured. Tickets foi the dinner may be seemed from any of the cabinet members The club members will hold a picnic supper and an athletic progiam May 22 at Vauter’s Camp on the Tippecanoe River Cars will leave from the church at 1 30 o’clock Tickets may be purchased for 25 cents.
WSGA, YfFCA Hold Joint Mass Meeting Today In Home Ec Bldg.
W S G A and Y. W C A will hold a j'oint mass meeting at 4 p. m. today in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Reports of the vocational guidance committee, the transfer women committee, and the orientation committee will be given by Dorothy Martenet, Louise Bain, and Georgianna Huber. In ordei to acqaint co-eds with the activities of the annual Geneva Conference for Women, a motion picture of the conference will be shown at this meeting. The conference will be held June 21 to 29 at Lake Geneva, Wis
Co-eds To Hear Jarrett
T. A. Day To Broadcast Address On Chemistry
T A Day, M E ’24, will broadcast a 15 minute address on “Practical Chemistiy At Work” over radio station WLW next Saturday evening at 5 o’clock Lafayette time. Day, whose home is in Cincinnati, O, IS assistant secretary of Appalachian Coals, Inc
Ethel Eloise Jarrett will address the home economics survey class tomorrow at 11 o’clock in the Home Economics Building auditorium Miss Jarrett is training director of the William H. Block Company of Indianapolis.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Foth Derby Camera, f. 3 5 lens. Equipped with Eastman range finder, Rexo Red filter. $25.00. Baillie, Phone 61733.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
NOTICES
No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Gala Week Committee—Important meeting May 18 at 4 p m at the Pi Kappa Phi house Full attendance necessary * —BLACK
Stage, Stump, and Studio Committee— Important meeting in room D of the Union May 18 at, 4 p m Every member is expected to be there —PARLON
Purdue Flying Club—Important meeting May 19 at 7 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building All members have list of hours ready to turn in at meeting —CONWAY
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting of all members and pledges May 19 in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 30 p m Formal initiation of pledges and election of chapter officeis Bring money and unsold tickets from Spring Spree —MERRIAM
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation postponed until May 26 —FITCH
W. A. A Archery—Anyone interested in participating in the Intercollegiate Archery Tournament must see Miss Russell immediately No practices required —WARD
Playshop Board—Meeting of old board at 4pm May 18 in the Playshop office Important —HOLDEN
Student Senate—^Meeting May 18 at 7 30 p m in room B of the Union Important Professor Gunn will speak S A A elections May 20 —ROHYANS
Playshop Board—New board members
There’s More (rO in
Crown Cleaned Clothes
Plenty of places you can think of you have always wanted to go. Crown Cleaned clothes will take you there with a smart personal appearance.
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
have all committee hours in by 4 p m on May 18. —HOLDEN
Eta Kappa Nn—Important meeting 8 '80 m May 18, in room B of the Memorial Union Building Election of officers will be held —McEACHRON
Pistol Team—All members meet at the Armory at 3 50 p m May 18 Picture to be taken at that time ROTC members wear uniforms —KAY
P O M. M —Meeting May 19 at 4 p m in Armory Election of officers —McCANDLESS.
Pi Tau Sigma—Picnic at Rotary Park May 19 Meet at M E. Building at 1 p m for transportation Officers will
elected
—WAIT
be
Peace Committee—Election of officers on May 18 at 7 30 p m in room D of the
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Union Building
-MIRKIN.
' Gold Peppers—Joint dinner May 19 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 6 p m for old and new members —MARSHALL
Scrivener—Meeting May 18 at 8 p. m at 326 Chauncey street Bring manuscripts —RADKEY
W. A A. Baseball—Class practice will be held at 4 46 p. m May 18 Those who
have not participated in intramural games must attend three class practices —TOWNSh.ND
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—^Meeting May 18 at 7:1B p. m, —SLOCUM.
Purdue Student Alliance—Meeting May 19 at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memoiial Union Building to elect officers foi the coming year. Photographs of the group will be taken at this time All member} are urged to be present —BUCKLES.
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each
Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100 lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers.
JOHK SPERB HDW.
DR. A. M, IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Mam Sts., W. L.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
SPABRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Aeronautical University GoTenment Approved V^ViVl State Accredited
Coursea ini
AERONAUTiCAL ENGINEERING
(B. S. Degree)
Lieensed Mechanics . . Administration Day and Evening Courses in all AeroaamthMi] anhJccts. Credits granted for 0ub$t<p^ previously taken. Wonderful ppponnnltiM in a rapidly expanding indnjitry. A. U> graduates employed by all fradlnjg aviation lines and companies, mitaar eaU for FREE Booklet "AVIATION AS A CABEER." Aeronautical University Crtiaa-Wright Bldg. Dipt. F. K-, IIM 8. MUcUgan Ave. TW. Viatory STM
Aroma is half the pleasure of smoking Chesterfield’s aroma is DIFFERENT
.more pleasing...you like it better. That’s because of the way we blend and balance Chesterfield’s mild ripe home-grown tobaccos and aromatic Turkish tobaccos...and because the Chesterfield paper is PURE and bums ^thoiit taste or odor.
Chesterfields will give you MORE PLEASURE
Copyrigitt 1937. Ucorr & Mma Tobacco Co.