This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY September 27. 1938 Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 12
Forensic Board To Control IM Speech Activities Under Reorganized Set-up All intramural speech activities this year will be directly under student control and supervision, following a reorganization plan laid out by student forensic leaders at a meeting last Friday. The new plan has been endorsed by the speech department, Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, and Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton.
Headed By Board In accordance with the new plan the forensic board of control, composed of four students and three faculty members, will head the organization. The board will have a revolving faculty membership, changing every few years. Student officers who v^ill fill board posts are Eobert Carr, senior varsity forensic manager, Betty Hiner, student manager of high school debate conference, Robert Buckles, president of Tau Kappa Alpha, and the director of the Purdue Student Speakers Bureau, who will be chosen at the first board meeting Friday. Faculty members are Assistant Dean of Engineering W. A. Knapp, and Prof. P. E. Lull and Robert M. Horn, both of the speech department. The program sponsored by the board will include all speaking activities and contests, affecting approximately 1,000 students. Foremost among these activities are the Mohlman, Beveridge, and Hanley contests for men and the Lodde contest for women. Organize Speakers Bureau This year’s new project will be the development and organization of the Purdue Speakers Bureau, the purpose of which will be to give students an opportunity to speak before state, civic, and service organizations. Three new positions, two junior forensic managers, and the director of the Student Speakers Bureau, will be filled this week. Speech officials request any junior men interested to leave their petition at the Union desk by Friday noon. Included in the petition should be other activities, approximate scholastic index, and any other previous experience. Students may contact Bob Carr, 5021, for any other details. Book Contains Reports On Student Finances Financial statements of the 78 . organizations in and about the University campus have been published in pamphlet form. Entitled “Report of the Auditor of Student Organizations” the booklet contains detailed reports of the receipts and disbursements of the various organizations. The contents also include letters to the president of the University and a summary statement. Under the auditor’s supervision each campus organization must make a financial report at the end of the fiscal year. This year’s report reveals that all groups watched business relations very closely and have either broken even or made a reasonable profit.
Hoof And Horn To Entertain Ag Frosh At Annual Round-Up Freshmen in agriculture will be entertained by the Hoof and Horn Club, animal husbandry gpoup, at their annual round-up and barbecue tomorrow evening at the Dean’s pasture. Freshmen and upperclassmen will assemble at the Livestock Judging Pavilion for a tour of the farm at 4 p. m. tomorrow. The hour’s tour is planned to end at the Dean’s pasture where the old chuck wagon and campfire will be located. Gathered about the wagon, the group of students and faculty members will mingle for the evening meal prepared ever the open fire. A program carrying out the round-up theme has been arranged by upperclassmen with the assistance of staff members. Student cow hands will lead songs of the range and Charley Wabash Stewart, cowhand with experience all over the United States and England will narrate some of his experiences. The chuck wagon should be ready to roll back to the University barns by 8 o’clock. YWCA Desk In Union Will Close With Today's Sales YWCA will continue to issue memberships from its table in the Union lobby today. The drive for new members is being maintained in the YWCA office throughout the week, but this is the last day girls may sign up at the Union table. “Membership - sales are going well,” announced Sara Alice McIntosh last night at the close of the first day’s drive. “We hope girls will continue their interest in the YWCA during the remainder of the week and sign a purpose card before the end of the drive.” Colored tags, to identify the new members, are ^ worn by girls who join the organization this week.
Reports...
Venezuelan Visitors Travel -Far And Fast To Vacation Near Purdue
By A1 Yates “It was a swell game, but that first half couldn’t be beat,” claims Cecil C. McDermond, who with his wife came from the city of Maracaibo, Venezuela to see the game. Mr. McDermond and his wife are undoubtedly the two visitors who came the farthest to see Saturday’s game. Part of their journey was made via Pan-American Au’lines— 1500 miles of the trip were made in 10 hours by a four-motored c ipper carrying Mr. McDermond and his wife. J. Frank McDermond, publisher of the Attica Ledger-Tribune, and his wife, cousins of the visitors, acted as their hosts. The couple is staying at Attica, Mr. McDermond’s former home. Their home is in Maracaibo where he is deeply intex’ested in the oil fields, and also where he is an official of the PanAmerican Airlines.
Late News Bulletins
LONDON—With British cabinet members despairing of avoiding hostilities. Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain publicly declared that the British government was prepared to insure the Anglo-French plan for the cession of Czechoslovakian Sudeten areas. PRAGUE—Heartened by President Roosevelt’s message to Hitler and Benes, Czechoslovakia today sat tight and awaited Berlin’s next move. One hundred sixty-two Americans left Prague and the menace of war tonight aboard a special train. BERLIN—Labeling the Sudeten controversy as “the last territorial demand I have to make in Europe,” Adolf Hitler emphasized in
his speech yesterday that October 1 was to be the deadline for any compromise that might be offered. Boasting of huge military power, Der Fuehrer made it known that his patience was at an end and that he is ready to take “action.” PARIS—French battle plans outlined today in London indicated that France was ready to take command of land forces of the two nations and Britain the sea and air forces in the event of war. VERNONA, Italy—Mussolini today implied he saw no reason for resistance to Hitler’s demands on Czechoslovakia. “There are still several days to reach a peaceful solution,” he said. “If this is not to be achieved, it is almost beyolid human power to prevent a conflict.”
Trustees Award Contract For Third WRH Building Contracts for construction of the third unit of the Women’s Residence Hall were awarded yesterday at a special meeting of the board of trustees. Low bidders on general construction was the B-W Construction company of Chicago, with a figure of $229,800. Building of the hall will be made possible by a
$166,320 PWA grant
... on attendance of engineering seniors in the senior parade Satui’day were not complete yesterday afternoon. Presidents of the various school honoraries turn in attendance reports to Prof. G. A. Young and the winner of the Young Trophy will be decided from these reports.
Exponent Meeting For Frosh Co-eds Today At 4:15 p. m. Get-together for all freshman coeds interested in working on the editorial staff of the Exponent will be held today at 4:15 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. This meeting will be for organization, with an explanation of just what freshman members are expected to do, an introduction of the co-ed associate editors, and an arrangement of work schedules. The freshmen who sign up today will start to work as soon as a schedule can be arranged and printed in Exponent. Playshop Enforces New 3.5 Regulation A-spirants for position in any department in Playshop must meet a 3.5 scholastic rating this semester, organization officials announced last night. Although the campuswide enforcement of the recent Senate-passed ruling will not apply to other student activities until the beginning of the second semester, Playshop has decided to put this policy into operation immediately. While Playshop has in the past insisted on a 3.5 average for official positions, the present move will involve all individuals in any way connected with the organization, whether on the stage or behind the scenes. It will also apply to other Playshop-sponsored activities, such as Radio Stage, presented weekly over WBAA. In announcing this ruling, officials of Playshop believe that any complications later in the school year will be avoided by immediate application of these standards.
PIA Workers Drive For 1,200 Members Before October 7 Twelve hundred members by’October 7'is the aim of Purdue Independent Association campaign workers who started their drive last week. The village has been divided into 14 wards, each containing about 125 prospective members, and 42 canvassers are contacting these students. Rolfe Jenkins, campaign manager, said yesterday: “Benefits derived from the purchase of a membership, which is only a dollar for the entii-e year, are many and varied. Three large dances, a tea dance every other Saturday, and participation in PIA activities such as debate, Purdue Independent business and editorial staff, orchestra, sports, dramatics, reduced prices for dance instruction, and many other activities are open to all. Every independent student should be a PIA member.” To Give Key Award During intermission at the dance on October 7, the student who has sold the most tickets during the drive will be called to the platform and presented with an award for his outstanding performance. Keys will be given to those selling 25 or more memberships. Jenkins urges other members who are interested in campaign work to see him as soon as possible in order to benefit from longer ticket sale time. PIA will open its social season this Saturday afternoon with a tea dance in the Union ballroom from 3 to 6:30. The first large dance of the year will be held on the following Friday.
Student Tickets For Butler Game Sell At 90 Cents Special arrangements have been made with Butler University athletic authorities which will permit Purdue students to purchase reserved seats for Saturday’s football game at Indianapolis at half-price, it was announced yesterday by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. Students may purchase the halfprice tickets at the ticket office upon presentation of their student passports. All cut rate tickets, to be purchased at the special price of 75 cents, plus 15 cents, a total of 90 cents, will be stamped “Student Tickets” and will not be honored at the gate unless presented with the student passports. The cut-rate ticket? are not transferable. The football squad and the military band will leave for Indianapolis Saturday morning at 9 o’clock on a special train that will arrive in the capital city in ample time for the band to form and parade in downtown Indianapolis before noon. Co-ed House Presidents Will Meet Today In Union Presidents from 30 co-ed rooming houses will attend an organization meeting of the house presidents’ council today at 4:15 in the WSGA office. All co-ed rooming houses of six or more members are elegible to send a representative. Miss Coolidge, assistant dean of women, is in charge of co-ed rooming houses. She will explain the duties of a house president, how WSGA affects these houses, and answer any questions about WSGA rules. Plans for the year will be discussed at the meeting.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Partly unsettled and cloudy today,' possibly local thundershowers in south, cooler in north; cooler tonight; generally fair tomorrow; cooler in south.
Purdue Grads Get High Positions
Concerning football below the equator he stated, “Football does not exist in South America, but baseball is fast becoming popular and taking the place of bull and cock fighting.” His statement on the changes in the University was simply, “You fellows certainly have some fine new buildings on your campus, but the two things that never change are your colors and your spirit.” Mr. McDermond played on the Attica High School football team, and even though he is a graduate of DeLand University in Arcadia, Fla., he is and has been for 27 years he’s been out of this country, kn ardent Purdue fan. The plans of the family are to remain here about a month and return each succeeding year for a month, but\only during the football season.
DEAN H. MITCHELL
E. D. ANDERSON
BEMENT
Two Purdue graduates, E. D. Anderson and D. L. Bement, were recently appointed vice-presidents of the Northwestern Indiana Public Service Company. They were appointed by the board of directors following a recommendation by Dean H. Mitchell, newly elected president of the organization. Mitchell, who succeeded John N. Shannahan as president of the organization following the latter’s death last month, rose to the top from the ranks of industry. Anderson and Bement are both Hoosiers and have been with the company since their graduation from the University fourteen years ago.
Low bidding firm on plumbing, heating and ventilating was Hayes Bros. Company of Indianapolis, with a figure of $47,729. Porter, Glore, and Glass, also of Indianapolis, drew the contract for the electrical work on a bid of $15,871. The grand total of the three bids is $293,400, against the original estimate pf $290,000. All of the bids are subject to PWA approval before final acceptance. Controller R. B. Stewart stated yesterday. Will House 140 The new hall will be built at the ^ end of Second street, facing the circle north of North Hall. This hall will also be V-shaped, with the apex of the V facing the west. Planned by Walter Scholer, the new hall will be similar in design and construction to the present halls, but will be somew;hat larger. It will house about 140 girls as compared to the 125 housed by each of the present halls, and will be the central administrative hall. Other Bidders Other bidders on the general construction were as follows: George A. Fuller Company, Chicago, $249,000; Charles H. S^ook, Dayton, 0., $262,000; Pere Anderson. & Co., of Chicago, $258,000; J. L. Simmons, Indianapolis, $263,500; William P. JungclauS, Indianapolis, $255,600. Jungclaus is finishing two other campus structures, the new Agricultural Chemistry Building and an addition to the Horticultural Build-
ing.
A. E. Kemmer, local contractor, submitted a complete construction bid of $317,100. The bid by Shook on the same basis was $340,680. Providing federal approval is received in time the B-W company will begin construction work next Monday, stated J. A. Beauttas, a member of the firm. Another special meeting of the trustees will be held October 7 to receive bids for the Chemical Engineering Building and construction of the bowling alley addition to the Memorial Union Building. Paul B. Sturmof of Dana, Ag ’23, recently named to the board of trustees, attended his, first meeting of the board. He succeeded J. K. Lilly, of Indianapolis. Faculty Sponsors Pharmacy Outing The pharmacy school’s annual get-together, in the form of a picnic given for the students by the faculty, will take place tomorrow afternoon at Murdock Park. Starting immediately after 4 o’clock classes, all students will leave from the Pharmacy Building with transportation furnished for those who do not have automobiles. Held for the purpose of promoting a better undei-standing between students and faculty of the pharmacy school, this year’s outing is being arranged by Professoi-s H. W. Heine and H. G. DeKay. The faculty will provide the food, which will be served around the campfix'e following an afternoon of softball, touchball, horseshoes, and other en-tei-tainment. Pharmacists Call This afternoon at 4 p. m. students interested in working on the Purdue Pharmacist diming the coming year will meet in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building. Published by students in the pharmacy school with the active support and interest of the staff, the journal is entering its sixteenth year of publication. Piof. C. 0. Lee, Prof. H. C. DeKay, and H. L. Kendall are faculty advisors. Senior students in charge of publication are Ruth Glunt, editor, and C. C. Clifton, advertising manager.%
^diiohial
the PUBDTJE EXPONENT
3>SudtUMA
Tuesday, September 27, 1938
Docs Poor Teaching Cause Cramming? (Minnes«ta Daily) That cramming is an unmitigated evil, inevitably resulting from our examination and marking system, is the belief held by the majority of some 80 college and high school students, according to the findings made by an undergraduate sociologist. •just "when most of us are about to do some “real studying,” read back assignments and frantically review lecture, notes, the investigation points out that grade-getting has become an end in itself, while the accumulation of knowledge is regarded as a mere byproduct of the process. The blame is to be placed not so much on the students as it is on teachers and administrators, teachers because they fail to inspire a genuine desire for knowledge per se and administrators because they fail to devise a method which would remove the need for cramming. A solution is not easily found. The study recommends the administration of weekly quizzes to encourage frequent reviewing and keeping up with assignments. However, such a method would not provide that all-important motivation which must come from both the individual student and the teacher. If cramming is ever to become a thing of the past, it will not be because students have changed, but because mastery of the art of teaching will have become the rule and not the exception. College Can’t Work Mireuiles (University Daily Kansan) Parents often expect too much of colleges as their respective sons and daughters trek to the various campuses. They invest money and time to give Johnny more years in the educative process so that “he’ll have an easier time than when I was a kid.” Without considering the raw material or previous training, fathers especially, who foot the bills, want a finished product that approaches the combined product of a finishing school, ridihg academy, business college, and Dale Carnegie’s courses. Four years of attending a school of higher learning will often mold raw. material into a modern, streamlined product. But in all likelihood, the process of college education will not teach the student how to look for a job; his manners shan’t improve unless he attends a modern culture school that goes in for social training; he’ll have little association with his professors, unless he seeks it and he usually doesn’t; and if he lots not posseses the gift of public speaking, college seldom teaches him how to give a good talk in a conversational voice that can be heard; he will probably enter the business world as trusting as a
the Purdue Exponent
REPRKSENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVEHTIOINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Bciston • Los Ahgeles - Sah Fbahcibco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief.. H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. - L. S. ^rdin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C, Houston, K, E, Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. 'Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J M. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager! — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .. ....— W. P. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherly National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager —W. E. Smith Art Director -.D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor...... Sally McKee Associate Editors.- ;—- —! Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor...... ^ - R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — J- A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue _ University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with tlm ofiWal University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are 'written by the editor-in-chirf.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor-—Patterson Tuesday, September 27, 1938
lamb; and he isn’t let in on the secret that the world isn’t waiting impatiently for him to step out and take over. Of course, the college graduate with his degree is not as naive as this. And for the next four years, college is probably the best place for the average high school graduate. But parents, and the freshman himself, should, dispel the illusions that warp realizjation of what to expect from the finished product.
Letters to the Editor
collegiate
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 150 words in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be published with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Dear Editor; Purdue has long been noted for having one of the most unique and famous yells of any school in the U; S., namely the “Purdue Series.” However, at the pep session Friday night and at the game Saturday a defect in the series made itself quite apparent. The yell went along smoothly up until the very end of the series where the yell becomes vocally clumsy and difficult to execute. Instead of ending in a peak of volume as a yell should, it ends in a way, which makes great volume impossible. The present ending is also complicated and hard to memorize. A new ending, easier to memorize and capable of being executed under full lung power would make the series even more popular and famous. Since it is evident from Saturday’s game that the student body has not mastered the ending as it is, a new, simpler ending will be welcomed by the students. Here is the last series with a new suggested ending. Say!—What?—That’s what! / What’s what?—That’s what they all say! What do they all say? Purdue — Purdue — Purdue. R. L. Reiley, CE ’40. P. S. Was the victory bell paraded after the Detroit game? If not, why not? Editor’s Note: The victory bell is used only after Big Ten games.
The University of Michigan has widened its educational scope to include a course for parents of its undergraduate students. Lo and Behold! The course became so popular that it had to be limited to the parents of freshmen only. —C—C— Purdue isn’t the only school that advocates mixed sports. Oklahoma eds and co-eds will form mixed teams to play volley ball, badminton and tennis. It all comes under the heading of physical welfare. _c—C— All the ticket selling for Miami University dances is taken care of by a club, the Varsity Social Club, which boasts of 20 members taken from fraternity houses and dormitories. What’s more, this club takes all the responsibility for the decorations and orchestras. —C—C— And while we are on the subject of dancing, there is the matter about the Wisconsin professor ' who, with the aid of mathematical formula and a slide rule, figured out that the heat produced at a college dance would warm a twostory building for two winter days —and the energy released would lift a five-ton elephant 32 miles in to the air. But isn’t that rather underestimating swing ?
Dean Liomna of Rutgers University recently designed a professor as “one who casts imitation pearls before real swine.” , C—C— At last we have found some justification for the well-known, welldespised, and well-used custom of sucking, apple-polishing, laying a pipe line or what have you. Dr. English Bagby of the University of North Carolina in telling students “how to study and influence professors” says to pick out the peculiarities and eccentricities of the instructors and cater to them with much care.
TODAY — WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Dear Editor: Although Purdue’s band had only a short time to practice, it showed up very well on the field! It was a shame that Detroit had to overshadow such a brilliant band. As a result, the cheering section of Purdue seemed to lack some of the old spirit while Detroit was very much keyed up. What’s the matter? Is the band for games away from home ? Even with little practice they should have shown up bet^r than Detroit! Let’s get some spirit. H. D. P. EE ’40.
A REPUBLIC PICTURE —ALSO— “Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars”
MADS TODAY — WEDNESDAY
THE GREATEST HEART-DRAMA OF THE YEAR!
witTHEHRY HULL LESUE FENTON OENEREVNOLOS
Will Adofe this 18th Century Charm!
iDustins Powder
EARL? AHERICAK
Highlight your most gala moods with these delightful toiletries inspired by Early American belles. Superb quality, quaint, treasure-type boxes, enchanting Old Spice fragrance!
The Early A merican Assemblage includes; Guest Soap . 6 cakes . . . $1.00 Ji'oilet Soap . 3 cakes . . . 1.00 Bath Soap . . 3 cakes . . . 1.50 Toilet Water . 4 1.00 , Oval Dusting Powder .... 1.50 'Vanity Box, complete . . . . 3.50 Toilet Water, hand decorated hot. 5.00 Perlurae, hand decorated bottle . 7.00 Jdseihi lOEB & H E NC COMPANY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lklity
Amends for an injustice — It seems that there was an article in this column several weeks ago on an ex-co-ed, JANICE RENICK by name. We will not repeat the incident as it was not a true statement and we believe no more should be said about it. So we wish to apologize and truly hope that it will be accepted.
We understand that CHARLIE PLANK, renowned chemistry instructor, was doing his level best to fix it so that he would get all the girl’s sections. By the looks of things we would say that CHARr LIE was a touch on the girl-crazy side.
MAURIE CAMPBELL, one of AL STEWART’S understudies, received a picture from one of the Chi-Land Music Festival gals, in choir practice the other day. The picture was sent to STEWART so we are rather doubtful as to just who is the rightfuT o-wner.
JOYCE JOHNSON, the Pi Phi Mechanical, has copped herself a freshman Phi Psi—BOB HAMILTON—in hopes that that pledge pin will develop itself. JOYCE said that she prpmises not to play the boy for a sucker.
Several of the SPE senior brothers almost had a bright idea last week. Wishing to preserve their fashionable misplaced eyebrows the boys_ traveled to the University of Illinois expecting protection from brother Illini until the fateful hour for the senior parade Was at hand. And, believe it or not, they returned minus the adornment they had so hoped to save. It seems that freshmen will be freshmen, whether at Purdue or Illinois. (P. S.) Showing just how touchy the SPE seniors are on this subject, they made a special trip over to the Exponent office last night and pur-
‘Yoti don’t kno'w how well off you are—being a doctor’s wife, I can’t complain of a thing !”
Joined the copy and type for the above paragraph. A good memory served to reconstruct the item as it appears in all its unexpurgated glory.
The Alpha Chi seniors were caught short last Saturday afternoon when they discovered that their sophomores had sewed up and hidden their jerkins. As a result the girls sat around all afternoon and had a good ol’ fashioned bawl. There was really no sense in that girls, as you’ll probably have the chance next year to be in the parade and in the HARVEY CLINE division too.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
OPENING RECITAL and DANCING PARTY Wed., Sept. 28, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN Advanced, Friday, Sept. 30th Beginners, Monday, Oct. 3rd 6 :30 p. m. CHILDREN’S CLASSES Ballet —r Tap — Ballroom OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 1ST ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
lOWIli TODAY — WEDNESDAY
—PLUS— Color Cartoon
Traveltalk in Color “Rural Sweden”
aiM
NOW SHOWING The show that tops the highs of all their previous hits!
it '' y
This. IS ,on'e iOlf ,lhe MOVIE QUIZ' $2!50'.000 00 CONTEST PICTURIS
DON'T FORGET YOUR
i d
B. B."
(Beauty Budget)
And when you think of your budget, think of the MODERN BEAUTY SHOP. Our expert operators are trained to design the coiffure best for you-—and at prices that fit your budget, too. MODERN BEAUTY SHOP 653 Main StreetSpJO*dA>
4
.u
'Tuesday. September 2*7. 1938
THE PUBDHE.
EXPONENT
Squad Loses Humphrey; Faces Butler Eleven Saturday
Western Conference Officials Consider Rose Bowl Series; Directors Like Idea Contests May Replace Present Gridiron Tilts By Robert J. Deckard With the possibility that college football teams are reaching a point of termination in playing at the Pasadena, Calif,, Rose Bowl, Big Ten Conference officials are beginning to prick up their ears and are only a step and a half away from confirming an agreement with the Pacific Coast Conference to match championship elevens from the two leagues each New Year’s Day. ■
f
ielder’t.e.. ....choice
This sort of annual series between leading teams of the two conferences, which long has been the dream of the West coast, would stabilize the Rose Bowl classis beyond anything that has been done in recent years. Directors Approve Western Conference is in favor of quoted on it, officially, but within the last few weeks the majority of Big Ten have listed opinions as follows; 1. Every athletic director in the Western confertnce is in favor of the plan. 2. The final decision rests with the faculty of the Conference universities, with the majority of them are ready to have the series to begin, 3. The series will not start this year, for the obvious reason that arrangements can’t be completed in time. It is likely to be a reality within a year or two, one Big Ten authority asserted recently. 4. The Pacific Coast Conference
HOME FOOTBALL SCHEDULE Oct. 22—Wisconsin (Homecoming) Nov. 19—Indiana (Dad's Day) PIGGLY WIGGLY
is delighted at the prospect of the series. Needless to say the sei’ies will be a palatable financial plum for Big Ten schools. Arrangements are worked out with $20,000 taken off the “top” for promotion, ticket printing and other tasks for the staging of the game. Following necessary expenses, competing schools will profit likely to the extent of some $76,000 to $90,000 apiece. In recent years the competing teams have reaped anywhere from $85,000 to $110,000 each. Cubs Lick Cards, 6-3, To Gain On Pirates The Chicago Cubs, hot on the trail of the league-leading Pittsburgh Pirates, licked the St. Louis Cardinals yesterday by a score of 6-3. The Windy City outfit gained one-half of a game on the Smoky City club, which was not scheduled to play. “Big Bill” Lee, backbone of the Chicago Nationals pitching staff, went the entire route, while two former Cubs, Curt Davis, and Lon Warneke, tried in vain to stop the winners. The opener of a three-game series with the Pirates at Wrigley Field thisp afternoon will find the Cubs sending either Page or Root to the mound, while Jim Tobin is scheduled to start for Pittsburgh.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 \ All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
By Bruce Witwer THE PASSER (Inspired by Eddie Dooley’s picture on the center page of the DetrofTfootball program). His mighty right arm whipped back carrying an oval pigskin gripped in sinewy fingers, his piercing blue eyes swept the field before him seeking an eligible receiver . . . then as fire suddenly ghnted in his eye, his taut body snapped forward, his arm swept out amd sent the ball hurtling unerringly and bullet-like toward its destination ... a uniform clad giant leaped into the air and the thud of the two meeting bodies caused 50000 fans to go wild with excitement . . . the other 50,000 fans thought . . . “Fooey . . . whkt a pass . . . intercepted.” —^fc— Speaking of passers . . . “Cec” Isbell passed and ran the Green Bay Packers to a 28-7 win over the Chicago Cardinals Sunday . . . another Boilermaker who is making good in the big time . . . that was his first appearance in the pro ranks and he helped the Packers serve notice that they have plenty of power to be reckoned with this year. —fc— Saturday’s game with Detroit set an all-time high attendance record for an opening game here . . . 21,000 football enthusiasts jammed the Stadium with more than the expected number of Boy Scouts swelling the crowd . - . where 5,000 of the scouts were expected, about 8,000 came in through the gate. —fc— Deviating a bit from football . . . Art Bodeau gave indication last week that he is out to accomplish things in cross-country this year ... in the season’s first running against time he traveled the course in 18 minutes and 56 seconds . . . that’s just six seconds faster than the course record which he set last year . . . and that after practice has only been going on now for a little better than two weeks. Speech 14 Classes Get New Instructor Certain Speech 14 students will meet a newcomer to the Purdue campus today when they greet instructor Robert D. King, who arrived here yesterday afternoon from the University of Iowa.
"Time Out" for a "Coke
M
THE PAUSE THAT REFRESHES ...AND COOLS A cold refreshing Coca-Cola will give you new pep and energy. Just* the thing for those long tiring nights of study.
COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
Phone
509-11 Salem St. Lafayette
4828
Paul Humphrey... Co-Caplain Out Of Duty For Ten Days; Mihal To Be Ready Squad Takes Light'Drill
For State Champions
While Riveter leather-toters and line-thrashers launched active drill yesterday afternoon in preparation for the Butler game in Indianapolis Saturday, Oo-Captain Paul Humphrey, outstanding center, received hospitilization for a chipped bone in his left wrist that will undoubtedly drop him from heavy duty for
a week or ten days.
Although hard hit by the loss of Humphrey, Coach Mai Elward’s injury worries were lessened when it was learned that Lou Brock, who was carried from the field in the final quarter of the Detroit game With a leg injuiy, had merely suffered a severe charley horse. The star halfback is expected to be back in harness in ample time to take his post against the Bulldogs, defending Indiana Intercollegiate
champions. Mihal Better
Dr. Gordon A. Thomas, team physician, expressed that Co-Captain Joe Mihal, left tackle, who suffered a slight sprain in his back, would be ready for action by the middle
of the week.
Although fully aware of the fact that the Boilermaker squad needs a lot of “smoothing out” before the Butler and Minnesota games, Coach Elward was pleased over the “comeback” ability shown in the final half against Detroit and the performance of the sophomoi-e linemen who provided able relief under the sweltering sun. The Boilermaker tactician was pleased with the hard running and blocking of the ba(^s as a group. The squad was given only a typical Monday light workout yesterday, with a short forward pass passing scrimmage as the highlight. Plans were being made by the coaching staff to utilize Augie Morningstar, junior letterman, and Ted Axton, sophomore prospect, to replace the injured Humphrey. Gaddis Discusses Value Of Home Demonstrafion Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader, addressed the agricultural extension workers, research workers, and teaching members of the University yesterday, discussing the scope and value of the general home demonstration program in Indiana. Dr. G. B. Cummins, botanist, acted as
toastmaster.
. . . Boilermaker co-captain, who chipped a bone in his left wrist in the Boilermaker-Detroit game Saturday. The outstanding center will be lost to the squad until after the Purdue Big Ten opener with Minnesota a week from Saturday. Stamp Exhibit Opens In Ballroom At 11 Today Doors to the-Union ballroom will open to the public at 11 o’clock this morning to reveal 150 frames of stamps, during the first annual meeting of the Midwest Federation of Stamp Clubs. The stamps are valued at $5,000 and insured for
that amount.
The exhibit will be coupled with an auction and “bourse,” the various frames coming from club members in Illinois and Indiana. No admission charge will be made to the exhibit, which will be open from 11 a. m. to 11 p. m. today, and from 9 a. m. to 11 p. m. tomorrow.
•
Murphy Speaks Tonight At Annual Triad Banquet Charles Murphy of the history, economics, and government department will be the speaker at the annual Triad banquet for members of the executive boards of WSGA, WAA, and YWCA to be held today at 6 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Tickets may be purchased by board members from Louise Daniels, WAA social chairman, or Treva Berry, WSGA social chairman.
ONLY
%
Other p«n< from
^5
TO
$250
MODERN STYLING... “Superstreamed”. Modern colors. V.^'^rip fits your fingers. CONSTANT INK CONTROL... One stroke fills pen. Faststarting. Steady ink-flow. INK-WINDOW. YOUR PENPOINT . . . Handcrafted, 14 kt., solid-gold, iridium-tipped points suit your writing.
REMEMBER —THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR iTATERMAN S INK
Intramural Notices SOFTBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Ward vs. Ward 13. 2— Ward 6 sv. Ward 9. 3— Ward 14 vs. Ward 3. 4— ard 8 vs. Ward 4. 5— Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 6— Ward 11 vs. Ward 10. 7— Ward 12 vs. Ward 15. 8— Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 9— Ward 2-X vs. Ward 11-X. 10— Wfird 7-X vs. Ward 10-X. 11— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6. 12— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. 13— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 8. 14— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 9. 15— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 10. 16— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. 17— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
CLASS TENNIS—Today 4:15 Junior-Senior George Frye vs. R. E. Frazier. J. H. Johnson vs. W. P. Thompson. J. E. Kerwin vs. G. E. Leiendecker. R. H. Mohinger vs. D. Saques. E. J. Balaishis vs. Paul Johnson. Phil Miller vs. Richard Stradling. Art Lutz vs. D. E. Monger. Sophomore—4:15 0. W. Brackman vs. M. Brinduse. Walker Curry vs. D. L. Douglas. Fred Richards vs. H. E. Walker. G. J. Frey vs. R. R. Hull. Jap Powell vs. Fred Elley. A. Johnston vs. Paul Forsyth. H. W. Weiner vs. E. J. Disher. Freshmen—4:45 L. D. Pruitt vs. J. H. Marshall. Paul Noffke vs. C. G. Paddock. 1. Smulevitz vs. W- P- Van Deinse. Edward Vaughan vs. Terry Reed. Daniel Daley vs. R. Mefford. Robert Lange vs. R. W. Kimmel. P. F. Leininger vs. Robert Bosart. R. E. Lucht vs. Gerald Clark. R. S. Howe vs. Harry Deutman. Tom Hindman vs. John Schnaible. Frank Branner vs. Carl Shadriek. G. H. Lovett vs. George Gust. Robert Kirkpatrick vs. Rob. Klein.
^J^lm and ^Jder By Georgann Schilling
Something new in the way of entertainment will be inaugurated on Saturday afternoon when WBAA will broadcast the first of a series of College Caravan programs from rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building from 2 to 2:30 p. m. The new feature is under the direction of Pi Kappa Alpha Bill Adams, and will have aS conducting maestro, Irvan Maury, and his newly-organ-ized campus band. News flashes from other campuses will be given as well as special musical numbers and Purdue announcements. Both College Caravan and Campus Varieties, which is broadcast at 2:30 are broadcast with a studio audience. I —H & H— Although the hims and hers will journey to the Butler game this week-end, social life here will be far from quiet. PIA is giving the first of its series of 15 tea dances in the ballroom SaJturdasT* afternoon. Bob Shinn and his PIA orchestra are furnishing the music. —H&H— Then Saturday is a red letter day for freshmen women who plan to organize, as it marks the opening of rush week. All greek letter groups will have teas at their chapter houses for rushees on Saturday afternoon. —H&H— Sara Alice McIntosh is presiding over a desk in the Union lobby during the past few days working on the YWCA membei’ship drive. It is planned to keep the YW office open every afternoon, beginning this week, for the transaction of business and the convenience of interested co-eds. —H & H— Sophomores and junior workers in the Debris office are buzzing around these days. The dog for this year’s book is being arranged and schedules for write-ups planned. The first glimpse of the new. year book shows a lot of new andclever ideas.ife' i-
'T^ ' ■•^■«^'^ -'^ ■
Tuesday. September 27, 1938
Union Executives To Describe'Ideal Co-ed' Union executives Ted Cabonargi and Sully Mason will give their ideas of the ideal co-ed at the first meeting of. the WSGA, YWCA charm school, Thursday afternoon, at four o’clock in the women's lounge. The charm school hopes to inform co-eds what is expected of the ideal girl, and how each co-ed may become one. The series corresponds to many such charm schools held in eastern colleges. Charm school committee heads have scheduled meetings for co-eds once a month, and urge girls to attend to learn new methods of becoming attractive. Committee chairmen are Treva Berry, WSGA, and Catherine Cooley, YWCA. Directors, Officers Of University Alumni Meet At Annual Fall Luncheon Officers and directors of the Purdue Alumni Association met Saturday noon at a luncheon in the Union Building for their annual fall meeting. The rnen heard a report of activities on the campus during the opening of the University and for the year ahead. President Burr Swezey of Lafayette presided, calling for discussion of various phases of University activities in which alumni are especially interested. Those who spoke were Prof. F. C. Hockema, Dean A. A. Potter, Controller R. B. Stewart, Harry J. Reed, acting director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, and T. R. Johnston, publicity director. Magazine Offers Senior Contest Seniors interested in a career in writing, fashion, advertising, or in merchandising may enter the annual Prix de Paris—a contelstr^onsoi’ed by Vogue and open to members of the senior classes of accredited colleges and universities throughout the United States. There will be two major prizes, each offering a position, with salary, on the staff of Vogue magazine. Ten other seniors will receive honorable mention in the contest. Rules may be found in the current issues of Vogue. Miss Marian Willoughby of the clothing and textile department will advise all seniors who are interested in this contest.
Glider Club To Present Movies At First Meeting Color movies taken at the national soaring meet at Elmira, N. Y., in 1937, will be shown at the initial meeting of the University Glfder Club, to be held Wednesday evening at 7:30 in the reception room of the Union Building. A short account of the national open soaring meet held this fall at Frankfort, Mich., will be given by President Webb Moore, who placed fourth out of 65 pilots with a flight of 10% hours. Plans for the pui'chase of a new sailplane and preparations for soaring expeditions will be discussed at the meeting. All students who are interested in gliding and soaring- activities are invited by the club td’ attend this meeting. Applications for new memberships wifl be accepted at this time.
TYPEWRITEKS—All toafces, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented' and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WANTED—Your laundry. Phone 36614. Free delivery. ,
LOST—Gold Tau Beta Pi key. Reward for return. Call Fowler 71334.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITlES-^Chap-ter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
DANCE , MUSICIANS—Last chance to get with really fine band. Give qualifications. Write Box J-47, Exponent.
LOST—Red mottled Parker Vacuumatic Pen near Purdue Hall. Reward. Call Bob’ Coppis, 5071.
QUESTION ?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed 1314x13% only $5.50 per 10,000 the case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
LOST—Phi Gamma Delta pin between Stuart Field and 640 Russell. Call Bob Viehe, 5071. Reward.
SAVE ON SLIDE RULES—10-15% savings on K & E rules. See me before you buy. Call Howard 36563.
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll $4.60.
case of 320—
Notices
Reamers: Turn in your tickets for the Wisconsin and Indiana football games to either Wright, Thatcher, or Jacks at 201 Vine street. (9-30) —JACKS. Catholic Students; Ail Catholic students .desiring to work on the Newman Club membership and promotion committees report at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September-27, in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —GLAZEBROOK.
Mechanical Engineering Students; Mechanicals are reminded that Thursday, September 29, is the deadline to join ASME in order to get pit passes for next year’s Indianapolis Speedway time trials. —WOLVERTON.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 1^91/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door Iocks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
/ • Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• Shoe Repair
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Engineerinar Schools: Honorary presidents please report senior parade attendance to the office of the Mechanical Engineering Building or by phone at 4784. (9-30) -HARVEY. Playshop: Students desiring positions on Playshop stage crew report to Union subbasement on Tuesday, September 27, at 7 p. m. —COOPER. .
the Union desk by noon Friday, September 30. Please state approximate scholarship index and any other activities. Call Carr at 5021. for details. —CARR.
ber 27, at 7 p. ro.kin the reception toom of the Union BuildinK, Lecture illustrated with slides, by Bill i^dden. —OBLINGER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday,. September 27, in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 p.ihi —GANNON.
Freshmen Co-eds: Report to YWCA office, second floor, east end of hall, Tuesday, September 27, at 4 p. m. if you are interested in doing office work. —BRYANT, BURNHAM.
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting will be held in room C of the Union Tuesday, September 27, at 7:30 p. m. —McIntosh. Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, September 28, in room R of Union at 7 :30 p. m. —KECK.
Co-eds: All women students interested in joining the Modern Dance Club will please report to* Women’s Gym Tuesday, September 27 at 4 p. m. This club is open to all girls enrolled in the University. —SICKMAN.
Glee Club: Special rehearsal Tuesday afternoon. September 27, at 5 o'clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER.
•Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, at 8 p. m. in room B of the Union. /— —BEUOY.
Freshmen, Sophomore Co-eds: Girls interested in WSGA office committee, report to WSGA office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6 ;30 p. m. (9-30) —THRASHER.
Glider Club: Open meeting Wednesday, September 28, in reception room of the Union. —MOORE. Camera Club: Meeting Tuesday, Septem-
Military Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29th. —HOLMES.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers: Permanent schedule is as follows: Monday— Carroll, Burtsfleld, Butz, Schlitter; Tuesday —Pickering, Simpson, Jaked; WednesdayShort, Miller, Briscoe, Sebast; Thursday— Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy ; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten; Saturday—Short, Miller, Joy. (9-27) —McKEE.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, at 4 p. m. in the WAA office. ^ORGESON.
Co-eds: Charm school meets in women’s lounge of the Union Building, Thursday, September 29, at 4 p. m. —BERRY.
YWCA, WSGA, WAA: Executive boards and committee heads, banquet in faculty lounge of the Union Building, at 6 :00 p. m. Tuesday, September 27. -BERRY.
POMM: Important meeting of all members. Wednesday, September 28, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —ZIMMER.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting of all members Thursday, September 29, at 7:00 p. fn. in room A of the Union. —ZIMMER.
TMf rAmmahf LAUNDRY .and. .CLEANING, ca
Discriminating Men CALL
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in the faculty lounge of Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. Friday, September 30. All students interested in joining are welcome. —AYASUN.
for
Co-ed House Presidents’ Council: Presidents of organized co-ed rooming houses meet in WSGA office Tuesday, September 27, at 4:16 p. m. —LOCHNER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting* Wednesday, September 28, in room A of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. All. members be present. —WADLEIGH. , Mortar Board: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. -Tuesday, September 27, in the Union Buildr ing. Ask at west desk for room. Bring 50 cents for insignia. —WOOD.
Our Fine Quality Shirts AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side - 132 Vine Street
Juniors: All Juniors interested in coming out for Forensic manager or Purdue student speaker’s bureau leave petitions at
ence? At Star ^ his him by Carrie, the $100,000 Utelong oto ttod paseeneeris Starke’s dau^hreward. And the t v father.. .with a Sthr-iUtrSmtinstaUmentotaremarkahly compelling novel. beginning a new novel The Noise of Their Wings by WlacKINLAY KANTOR
miCKS TNAT CAN WIN A W®NLD SENIES ~®rhseif • You don’t see all the baseball game on the diamond. A man in the dugout raises his scorecard — and saves his team from a double play. A coach hollers, “Come on, Joe, old boy, old boy”-—and the batter gets set for a curve. But watch out when the signals are shifted! One of baseball’s canniest strategists tells you the secrets of Winning ’Em in the-Clubhouse by CONNIE MACK
hearty skipper ^he’s walked and in trouble as usual. "J^hlttle-scarred into the toughest assignment of FIRST OF A NEW SERIES by NORMAN REILLY RAINE
HE THIE010 Wii kmmmu® - with the wrm^ mmic!
• How do you like ^ur musicsweet, or hot ? Johnny Dolan liked it hot, blew his young heart out with it on a clarinet. And of all the jitterbugs in the world, he had to fall in love with Marjory, who was ga-ga over Bunny Gilbert’s “Sweeping Sweet Swing’’! Here’s an account of the calamity, in four-four time. Johnny, Go Blow Your Horn Aji WILLIAM FAY
AMD “WHERE I FOUND THE ORIGINAL MR. TUTT.” Arthur Train tells in My Day in Cour t, t e account of his early days and experiences in the Criminal Courts Building. , ,, »YOU CAN’T BLOCKADE GERMANY,” says Molf Hitler Or can you? In Germany Processes War, Sanley High reports how Germany ia streanrlmed
for war and how blockade-proof it really is. PLUS.. .Pretty Boy, the story of an eiKolo, by Sophie Kerr... The Gypsies Get the Business, in which Ben Hibbs tells what truckers are doing to the small-town merchant,.. Unarnuno Commanding by Leonard H. Nason . . . Editorials, poetry, fun and cartoons.