Writer To Discuss ^’^Tmiited TrutW^ At 8 (Tidock
in Eliza Fowler Mall; Plan Bariquet, Reception
Will Irwin, brilliant editorial observer, will present a straightforward and informative discifssion on “^Tainted Truth”, an exposure of propaganda> at 8 o’clock tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall, at the sixth all-University convocation of the present academic year. In thirty years of authorship, Mr.
Irwin has published almost every sort of literary cbmpo
Senior co-eds will bear Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, Chicago psychiatrist and physician in the first of the co-ed marital lectures tomox’row at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Strauss, who has spoken on the campus several times, will open the annual series of lectures this year on the topic, “The Physical Aspects of Marriage”. Only senior co-eds will be admitted to these lectures and names will,be checked against a list compiled by W. S. G. A. ' Other Speakers Dr. Lucia Towers will address the same group February 18, on the topic, “The Hygiene of Marriage”. The third lecture of this series, sponsored by W. S. G. A., will be given by Dr. Mary Morgan Lee, on February 25. Her subject will be “The Psychological Aspects of Married Life’^
Group Canvasses Fraternities To Elect *^^1111-
sition-^novels, sboft stories, magazine and newspaper feature articles, a play or two and even a book of verse. A formal banquet has been planned for Mr. Irwin by active members and alumni of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, at the Embassy Club, South Street. Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Prof, arid Mrs. J. T. Gunn, and Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Johnson will be
guests.
Reception Students and faculty members will be provided an opportunity to ineet Mr- Irwin at a faculty-student reception in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building following the convocation lecture. Pi’es. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will be in the receiving line. Refreshments will be served at the; reception, which will be given by the student Union. ' Recent feature articles by Mr. Irwin on gangsterdom and gangsterism have attracted considerable attention throughout the nation. The current issue of Liberty magazine carries a vivid article on the murder of Liggett, Minneapolis editor who crusaded against crimepolitical alliances. Noted Writer Following several years as a newspaper man, Mr. Irwin became a free lance writer and still works a^ such. He founded the Author’s League of America, the professional union of his craft, and has served for many years on its executive council. At the present he is president of the American center of the P, E. N. Qlub, nternational as sociation of literary men and wo-
Following the counting of the ballots in the “Beauty Conte(st” Saturday night, the poll was thrown out and the Chicago Tribune was notified of the decision. It had been known all week that a faction on the campus sought to make a farce of the entire aifair by canvassing fraternities to vote for candidates who would hardly qualify as beauties, but it was hoped that this group would be outweighed by those who earnestly sought to select those whom they considered the four most beautiful co-eds.
The first ballot, along with a story, was printed in last Tuesday’s edition, and it was that afternoon that the movement started in the Union Sweet Shop. The results were riot tabulated, but the ballots were arranged in two piles, one containing serious contributions, the other bearing the results of campaign work. The latter outweighed the former. The Exponent wishes to thank those members of the student body who expressed their opinions with the printed ballot, and expresses regret that there are no results.
tive Tomorrow
Debris Price To Remain At $4.50 Until Saturday
Copies of Debris may be purchased for four and one-half dollars until next Saturday, according to an announcement from Debris office last night. The plan of payment is one dollar down and the remaining three and one-half dollars before March 1. Following next Saturday the price will be five dollars per copy.
Petitions for election as freshman represeiftative on the: executive board of W. S. G. A. were submitted sSunday by the following freshman co-eds: Mary Hague, Peggy Hamilton, Edith Herman, Georgianna Hubler, M^i’i^n Kidd and Mary Townsend. Elections for the position will be held at the mass meeting at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in the women’s lounge in the Memorial Union Building. At this same meeting, changes in the W. S. G- A. constitution will be submitted for the approval of the co-eds i Proposed changes will include partial reorganization of the executive board and a change in the time of installation of new members of the judicial board. If this proposal is adopted by the co-eds of the University, changes will be made iri the nominating committee, and in make up of several stariding committees.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Alpha Chi Omega annourices the pledging of Virginia Richards, Orlando, Florida, and Martha Jane Spring, Wauwautosa, Wisconsin.
Guy R. Dietz, C. E. ’32, has just accepted a position with the U. S Navy department on hydraulic research, preparatory to improvement of the navy yard in Charleston, South Carolina.
In order to keep pace with the trend of the times, the course of study in chemical engineering at the University will be extensively revised beginning with the 1936-37 academic year, it was announced yesterday by Prof. John L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering. The changes iri curriculum, that are expected to make the instruction offered Of a more practical, commercial nature, were determined after consultation with the executives and administrators of over fifty representative chemical engineering concerns, as well as with members of the faculties of the leading chemical engineering schools in the country. Summer Course One of the most significant additions to the Curriculum will be a new summer school in unit operations laboratory which will be offered for the first time in the summer of 1937. The University will be practically a pioneer in this new summer course, which will cover the 18 to 20 unit operations in manufacturing processes through five (Continued on page 4)
Elections Will Be Held
Winch Announces
Eight co-eds have been chosen for the co-ed debate squad, according to an announcement made by L. S. Winch, coach. The squad has begun work on the proposition that, “The United States Should Uphold The League Of Nations In The Enforcement Of Its Sanctions Provided For In The Covenant Of The League”. The squad is made up of Jennie Boseo, Helen Broderick, Florence Hester, Elizabeth Maier, Alice Parlon, Virginia Sidwell, and Mary Wien. Practice debates with Indiana and Ohio State Universities will be held before the conference
season operis. The co-ed teams will meet the Ohio State squad there and the Michigan team here on February 27. These are the two conference debates scheduled.
STUDENT SENATE
The meeting scheduled for tonight has been postponed because of the convocation. It will be held tomorrow night at 7:15 o’clock. STONE.
Two Major Tickets In
Fifteen men and three co-eds submitted petitions to the Student Senate, last Saturday for consideration in the 1937 Junior Prom election, while only six men and one co-ed petitioned for the senior Gala Week committee. The former will be composed of six men and a single woman, but the latter will consist of five men and one co-ed. Both elections will be held Thursday in the Memorial Union Building. Those petitioning for the Prom comiriittee were L. 0. Buxton, A. M. Chasteen, J. W. Drake, Ruth Grimm, Jean Hanley, H. W. Hughes, J. E. Jump, G- W. Martin, B. A. McCandless, Hope Reisner, Cloyd D. Smith, Robert W. Smith, J. F. Soles, W. I. Spitler, C'. J. Trees, J. W. VanNatta, and S. R. Wii’th. Those who applied for the Gala Week committee were Vi R. Butz, W, W, Glenny, J. F. Joorfetz, E. A. Lambert, Mary Luxton, R. P. Nikolich, and R. B. Null. Politics Campaigning to date has been strenuous, but the announcement of two ineligibilities last night by J. W. Townsend, of the Student Senate, has lead to much confusion. A. M. Chasteen and R. J. Hulse were the two men ruled out, both having “C’s” last semester. Before ineligibility interfered, two major “tickets” were working for votes. One was composed of Drake, Martin, McCandless, Trees, VanNatta, Wirth and Ruth Grimm The other group, containing the two ineligibles, consists of Chasteen, (Continued on page 4)
ence Today At Noon
The ninth annual conference of Indiana canners and field men will open today in the Memorial Union Building when they hold their cafeteria luncheon at 12:15. The first canners’ meeting will start at 2 o’clock in the faculty lounge with Mr. K. N. Rider, of K. Rider & Company, Trafalgar, presiding. T. R. Johnston, of the University publicity department, will address the opening meeting on “Publicity for Indiana Canned Foods”, while Mr. Carlos Campbell, of the National Canners’ Association, Washington, D. C., will follow with a speech on “Statistics and the Canning Industry”. Fieldmen The opening fieldmen’s meeting will be held in the tower room of the Union with Roscoe Frasier, of the University horticultural staff, acting as chairman. “Methods of Applying Feiftilizer ,Canning Crops” will be the subject of the opening talk by Mr. C. B. Sayre, of the agricultural experiment station of Geneva, New Work. Following Mr. Sasrre’s speech, a round table discussion will be held pertaining to “Plans and Plant Growing”. The “Seventh Annual Sons of Soil” banquet will be held in the evening at 6:15, with Mr, H, H. Eickhoff, of the Van Camp Packing (Continued on page 4)
Half Rally Nets 14 Markers
Miimeapolis, February 10 (Special)—Purdue’s fast stepping Boilermakers defeated Minnesota tonight 39 to 24 for their seventh straight conference win. The Boilermaker’s oow reinain in a tie with Indiana for top position in the Big
Captain Bob Kessler demon-
strated his All-America,n abil ity by scoring 17 points, scoring five field goals besides connecting from the free throw line seven times in ten attempts. Malaska, Young, and Lambert recorded their share of points to assist Purdue in keeping its point a minute record^ Young scored threetimes from, the floor, and Pat Malaska dropped in four field goals
and one free toss. Purdue 14 Point Rally
The Gophers maintained a scoring threat for approximately thir-ty-five minutes, but fell behind late in the second half after they had brought the score up to 24-25 in favor of the Boilermakers. From this time on it was all Kessler, and the rest of his high scoring mates who quickly raised the score to 39 to 24 with a 14 point rally for the final count. The score at the half time riiark was 13 to 12 in the Old
Gold and Black favor.
Kessler’s seventeen points tonight gave him a total of 89 points in seven conference games for an average of 12.7 points per game, a half a point average better than Bill Haarlow who has averaged 12.2 points in eight games. ,
Score Tied Seven Times
Until the Boilermakers turned on thea heat late in the second half, Mirinesota hung on, tying the score seven times during the game. George Roscoe, Gopher forward,
(Continued on page 3)
If this Prom election business keeps up, the Exponent will find it necessary to hire a few guards to stand around the linotype man and the printer until the paper is printed. Last Friday night, a squib in Bold and Black said, “There must be Gould in that thar Prom . . . he’s running it again.” Objections to Charlie Campbell, managing editor, failed to delete the piece, but when the paper came out Saturday morning, it was absent. An inquiry into teh deletion failed to reveal the “jerker outer,” Last night, Don Beggs, co-cam paign manager with : Tom. Gould, strode into the Exponent office With a letter and the linotype slugs, accompanied with a note saying that the type may be needed NOW. It still remains somewhat of a mystery just how the lines were taken out. WANTED . . . maybe ... before T h u r s d a y—Two strong husky bouncers to see that stories are printed as they are written.
David E, Ross, president of the University hoard of trustees^ will discuss “Measuring Success” at the second employment talk for seniors in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock Thursday afternoon. The first talk was giveri by Pres. E. C. Elliott last Thursday on “Friendly Breaks”. Mr. Ross is best known to University students for his benefactions, which include the origination of and a large gift towardi the Memorial Union, the civil engineering practice camp, land for the airport, the housing research campus, and many other gifts of ■ landy money and equipment. Hundreds of students likewise know him through direct Contact at University events. Many Successes However, Mr. RosS has achieved outstanding success as an inventor, as a manufacturer, as a financier, as a farmer, as a public official, and in general community and state affairs. These represent the fields open to any University student and with his wide experience in all of these, Mr. Ross is qualified perhaps as well as anyone in America to discuss the topic, “Measxiring Success”; Besides being the inventor of the Ross stearing gear for automobiles and heading the company that makes them, the head of the University board of trustees invented a rotary plow which is used by the department of agricuItTiral engineering. He is one of the co-de-velopers of Rostone, synthetic building stone, and also holds many patents. He also has served in the Lafayette city council, as chairman of the tax adjustment board of Tippecanoe county ever since it 1 has been organized, and as a member of the board of trustees of the University since 1921, He is also on the state commission to student governmental economy and has perforiried numerous public tasks both locally and-in the state and nation.
Prof, Wiley Appointed T o ASCE Gominittee
?e? No!'
The coal shortage, now becoming serious throughout sections of the midwest, will not affect the Ulniversity heating plant to the extent that classes be discontinued, C. D. Bushnell, superintendent of the physical plant, announced last night. “We received a load of coal today which will last us for several days”, he stated. “There’s more on the way. Unless conditions become much more serious, I see no possibility of coal shortage here.”
Prof. R. B. Wiley, of the school* of civil engineering, has just been appointed to a four year term on the administi-ative committee on student chapters of the American Society of Civil Engineers.' He is to fill the position just vacated by President C. C. Williams, of Lehigh University.
Sachs Made President Of Scouting Honorary
A. L, Sachs, senior mechanical engineer, was elected president oi Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting service fraternity, at a meeting held last week. Other officers elected were L. G. Kreiser, vice preMdent; H; F. Kueck, secretary, and D. W. Grimes, treasurer, R» T« Meyers was the former president.
■m
ilii Sii
ffllH
iilA'
mmmI
^',1.
Member of National Collesre Press Association, Biff Ten Editorial Association Eaclnsircly Represented by National AdTertising Service, Inc. '■ 420 Madison Aveiine, New Torts City Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivet^ by B, $8,60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Bosiness Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICE—812 NorOi Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6687
Daily Student Publication of; Purdue University
Bditor-in-Chief.. Managing Editor.. Associate. Editors..
BIMTOKIAL STAFF ' • - -
...B. V. Henser C. H. Campbell
Jt. M: Chasteen, C. M. Hardin, W. T. Hunt, K H. Morris, M. G. Walther .................... .......M. E. Hays D. F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood
Sports Editor.
Associate Sports Editors— — --- --- ^ .
Sophomore Assistants ; K. A. Barnette, J. E. BrOck, R. L. Cribb, A.JH. ForstCT,
e. Harper, Jr., M. Kobr, R. P. Manion, D. M. MeaCham, C. K Sadler \ G. F. ROouemore, R. C. SchenOk, J. L. VOnHarz
Bold and Black Editor. ...;..........W. R. Abbott
Business Manager.....— Advertising Manager... Advertising Assistants.
BUSINESS STAFF
W. A. Koch ^ .....................H. F. Antonini " ' " """ """" Tr H. "Bro'wn, R. Creek, D. C. Miller
Editor. — Associate Editors........... Advertising Manager...
WOMEN’S STAFF ' .....i. ..... Joyce Williams "i^ipn Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann . _..... Josephine Perkins
Tuesday, February 11, 1935.
. Issue Editor—Co Harper, ,Jr.
Tlie TMnking Senator From last Tuesday’s Exponent in a story of the Student Senate meeting we quote the following: “A decisive vote was made against ‘open tickets’ for Prom and Gala Week committees on the grounds that the elections would go to the persons having the most money and that too much power would be given to the Exponent.” In order to reaffirm that statement, the story was checked and found to be correct. In an editorial entitled “Campus Politics and Gutters”, open campaigning was advocated in view of the fact that several objectionable incidents would have been eliminated in the past few years. No:w comes the statement that if the “No noise, please” ruling was withdrawn, the Exponent would be used to push a favored element. This has not been done in the past, it is not being done at present, and there seems to be no indication or excuse that it would begin in the future. It is not quite clear, however, just how the Senate ruling would
The expense objection is well taken as it would hardly be fair to all concerned to let the financial status of a candidate reflect in the voting. Definite and rigid limits within reason could be maintained by the Senate about as efficiently as it eliminates campaigning on the campus at the present time. For the benefit of the “Thinker”, it would seem to be in order to point but a few instances which open campaigning would eliminate. First, it would eliminate one person running with two committees at the same time. Under the present system, I tell you this> and you tell Joe, and nobody knows, finally, just which end is up. If a man wants to stand on two feet and tell the world where he stands, why not let him, and eliminate these silly whispering campai^s. As the second of two incidences, it would eliminate the probability of one prominent person supporting four candidates for the same office so that three of them would cease operations. The person who will work the hardest for an office is usually the one who will work the hardest when that position is obtained. This hardly holds true in the two incidences cited above. Another thing which needs clearing up is the point on eligibility. During the last few days, rumor has had it running from a three-point average to the other extreme. Two days before an election is ho time to decide whether or not a man can run, especially after the petition fee has been paid. When the Senate finally adopts a standard, let it be standard for evermore so that the idle quibbling will be at an end. Even the younger generation can remember when a million
Will .Forgottm? What has happened to the Will Rogers memorial fund drived A month or so ago, the drive was in full swing and from all external indications, numerous contributions were being made. Today we hear little of the.movement. Has a sufficient fund already been amassed ? Are the high sponsoring officials now deciding what memorial should be erected? Or has the whole affair been dropped ? / The movement embraced a noble cause. Will Rogers will never be forgotten either with or without memorials. However, if we start something, let’s carry it through. We want a Will Rogers memorial.—^A. H. F. For a _ D. R. and Chief Justice Hughes at Vice President Garner’s dinner.
Misleading Ballots
(The Oklahoma Dally) ■ Without casting any reflections pn the integrity of the Literary Digest, or the accuracy of their poll, it should be pointed out that the present 60 per cent showing against Roosevelt does not mean that he will be defeated in the election nine months hence, or, for that matter, that he would lose if the election were held next week. , The vital factor in November’s election will be the Republican candidate. The Digest poll simply determines whether the country is against the policies of the Roosevelt administration, in other words, now it is Roosevelt against the perfect. The negative factor which will face the people on the ballot next November will produce a different reaction. Then it will be a choice between two men both of whom represent policies
unpopular to some.
The cold weather and icy streets have at least taught us something. It takes a lot of grit to get up the hill. Justifiable murder^—the professor who said if he wasn’t at his eight o’clock he would be attending a teachers’ meeting. Indiana, and Purdue lead the Big Ten basketball race. It’s a small world after all.—Indiana Dally Student, There are a few things which never go out of style and one of them is a feminine woman.—Jobyna Ralston.
;The B & B ballot of Saturday was tbroWii out. I didn’t agree and that’s that. Any questions ? 1 ill T A professor at the University of Michigan explains how condensations End rarificatipns of air ©Merges ' You depress the first little valve. The air condenses and rarifles. Oh, ho, ho-ho, ho, ho— And emerges here! —Rime ’n Reason. “De Villain Wins” a mellerdrammer of the first Water Was evidentally rewritten to suit actress (?) Gillespie. Only a villain’d want her —KIRKPATRICK! POME, ■ Heir limpid eyes, Her streamlined thighs. Her soulful sighs. All make my heart, Beat the way it has for years. , —phew. ... The following innocent squib Was to be run Saturday, but political factions interfered—WHY ? 11 “There must be Gould in them thar Prom .. . he’s running it again this year.”^ An eligible young man-about-town is offering $10 for information regarding a co-ed seen walking south of Soldiers Home at 4:46 p. m., Feb. 1st—^tall, dark, blue eyes, and a green ski suiti It was Lela Mason and we’ll settle for a beer, thanks! Valentine from ’Lil Harvey to Mary Counts . . . lucky her. . . FLIRT You neck and you pet, you smoke and you bpt. Any man that you meet is your
bean.
You powder and paint, to look what you aint. You’re the talk of the town, don’t you know. ^ Information on the love affairs of “Sugar” Bell . . . soon. Rumor: Ina Rae Hutton for Sophomore Cotillion. Students Asked To Register Art Work Students wishing to enter original art works in the Student Union exhibit, the winners of which are to be entered in the first annual Big Ten Art Exhibit at Iowa University, must register for the exhibit with Ruth Anspach in the Student Union office by February 18, giving the type and name of original works. AH work must be turned in to the Union office by February 20. The Big Ten exhibit will be held in the Union Building of Iowa University from April 27 to May 4. An official seal of the Big Ten exhibit will be awarded for each piece of work displayed. The design for the seal was chosen from entries submitted by students of Big Ten universities.
Rules
The rules of the contest are as follows: Each Big Ten school may submit ten pieces in any of the following: oil, tempera, water colors, pastels, graphics, sculpture, mural and architectural design and architectural sculpture, ceramics, and applied design. Resident undergraduates and graduate students in all schools and department of Big Ten schools are eligible. The classificationj of “student” will apply to duly registered students of a university. Miss L. Schantz-Hansen, of the department of applied design, and L. M. Vallely, manager of the Un ion, will judge the contest here and select the ten pieces to be submitted to the Big Ten exhibit.
WSGA Candidates ; Attention should be called to W.‘ S, G. A.’s call for candidates for offices ahd imnbr posits iM ofganizatiohi. Ainy womaii student interested should htMd in hSf name to Helen Hall, president, for consider ation by thd nominating cqmr mittee which will be appointed tomorrow night.
The places to he filled are president, Secretary, treasurer, and one representative each from the sophomore and junior classes; the vice presidlent is the candidate for presr ident receiving the second highest number of votes.
The names of those interested in heading a committee or holding a sub-chairmanship may also be sub' mitted at this time for the benefit of the future president, since she appoints all the recipients of these positions. All the work on the organization is done by the committee, which includes social activities, freshman orientation, elections, office, and faculty-student relationships, among others.
" Before this year, the nominees for all offices except the major one were usually selected according to personal qualifications only, with a more or less complete disregard for previous service. Although this method obtained excellent girls, the result was that the drafted office holders did not always have a genuine interest in their work, and those co-eds who had spent much time in the drudgery and small tasks of W. S. G. A. considered their effort to be unrewarded.
HENRY "DOC" BlUUPS HAS RUN6 JHE BEIL emEGU; OF wiiiiiAivi & mry
teoES ACTING AS ^ mm op mmmDR.su. HOmeEAK H/^ ALSO BEEN TRUSTEE PRESIDENT; DEAN AND TEACHER DURING HIS 57 YEARS AT trinity UNIVERSITY, AAIAXAHACHIE •••TEXAS-'
rWAS FOUNDED ON SAINT VALENTINE'S DAY, 1870.^ ' iWm IT IS THE LAR6K.T ^COLLEGE FOR WOAAEN IN THE WORLD.'
" ‘ BUCKSHOT ' ■ A QUESTIONNAIRE ON AAATRiMONY GIVEN TO TOO Q>EDS AT NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY SHOWED THAT ONLY ONE GIRL WANTED NmmHY AS HER UFE GOAL!
S11 p e r ; S e r V1 c e TKY US
EDDIE YUILL
RAY WOOD
Coaches Select Co-ed
The system should be particularly useful in uncovering the names
of sophomores, whose work might I Rifle Team Members
otherwise pass unnoticedj in the pres,s of heavier duties. If necessary, the committee can interview candidates and examine their quali-
fications more closely.
Since W. S. G. A. is primarily intended to be a democratic organization/this method will help to make it less of an aristocratic democracy which is what it really is, despite the efforts of its leaders to change it. All in all, this seems to be an excellent innovation.
Blase CaeSes Damage Estimated At $2090B0 Fire of undetermined origin caused an estimated $20,000 worth of damage Sunday to the properties of the High Point Oil Company at 3rd and South streets. Hampered by the bitter cold, firemen battled the blaze from early Sunday morning until 6 o’clock that evening. Four firemen suffered from the cold and two were injured when a floor collapsed, but none of the injuries were serious. It was said that the blaze probably started in Holmes’ Cafe, which occupied the building. Shorted electric wires were blamed. The building had been condemned several years ago by the state fire marshal, and the site sold to the High Point Oil Company. Legal difficulties had prevented the company from demolishing the building and erecting a service station, as was intended.
Following an open tournament, which started December 14, the co3d varsity rifle team has been selected by Sergeants Purchla and Capps. The team is composed of Louanna Thompson, Marjorie Blalock, Mary McQueen, Eileen Foley, Nita Maze, Mary Ann Phillips, Margaret Richey, Mary Knapp, Betty Coit, and Esther Mitchell. Over 100 girls turned out for the contest, i of which Mary McQueen
was in charge.
LIMA
ANNOUNCES INITIATION , Tau Epsilon Phi announces the initiation of Gerald Diamond, and Lionel Perris, both of Hammond.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-S FORD TAXI CAB • Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the city , .. 6023, 'PHONES . 8071 . YELLOW GAB CO. :
Learn to Dance Adult Begmmers’ Class Opens Tomorrow Night Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p. m. Our method of instruction and reasonable terms assures you of learning to dance ■without financial inconvenience.
ALLEN’S
Family TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE THIf If , Til UWWi wW. JANE WHTHERS ^
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
irs THE KAmiAT ,®gamTI©Ni REALISM! ROMANCE! iBEAUTYI DRAMA! WILDEBilESSl
Today, Wednesday; Thursday
and SECOND ANTARCTIC EKPEDITBOM INTO
with Lionel iarrytnorc Aline Mac mahon Eric Linden M-O-M PICTURE
Pins «lai3k Pemiy and Orchestra
ARC Today-Wed.-Tiinrs. WM. POWELL & ROSAUND RUSSELL
‘RENDEZVOUS’ —and— KEN MAYNARD, in “LAWLESS RIDERS”
Drink Milk for More Energy CaU JOHNSO Phone 41332
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
EXTRA!
tl
Fish From Hdl
»♦
Thirty minutes of the most unusual entertainment4 A
u a if
mmms
V ’ H
S A
* tjt: ^.,0->i
r*'^ *?i
^>1'
\fp J ss, 'i
■^/ !(> ft V
Pife'vlw?'?
S»f|J9
1 'V*
k^\
h
te"'^ ,.A "Y ’
itsJ
n,
s/
• 5-S ^ ^
l^?| j.i’Y'l f.
filf)
FeWttat^ 13,,. l08|'
V
/ V
i
w»
f? ¥/
Yf ■
;/
V ‘S'k
Ths' PiTROtJE Exponent
\ *
A
?* «#
'is-'^V ■'<.%& fW
LAST MINUTE GOAL DEFEATS IOWA
Pat Malaska Pops One From Center For 39-38 Victory In Tight Fray
Co-ed Cagers Practice For Intramural Games
Kessler Turns On Heai In Second Half To Overtake Hawkeyes; 3^000 Fans Brave Blizzard To See Game
Pat Malaska, shooting a last minute goal, pulled the game out of the fire and helped Purdue win another conference game by nosing out the University of Iowa 39 to 38 in the game at Iowa City last Saturday. With but a few minutes to play Purdue took the lead for
when Young
Practice for co-ed intramural basketball will begin this afternoon with the first practice at 4 o’clock and the next at 4:45 o’clock, the latter for the convenience of girls who are unable to come at 4. Three out of the four practices are compulsory for any co-ed who wishes to participate in the tournament. All practices are held in the Women’s Gymnasium with Marjorie Charles in charge.
the first time
tossed in one of his quick shots. Purdue leading 36 to 35, Gladdis, Iowa guard, dropped in a goal giving the Hawks the lead by one point. Malaska gave Purdue the lead of one point when a foul was called on Johnson, but Iowa again went into the lead as Swartz, Iowa forward, made a charity shot county with only ten seconds to play. Purdue took the ball out of bounds. It whs passed to Malaska and finding none of his teammates open, he put in one of his long shots from the side. As Iowa started to put the ball m play again, the gun went oiF.
Young Scores First
After Young broke the ice with a free throw in the first few seconds of play, Suesens, sophomore guard, gave Iowa the lead which they held for the first half. Only by quick snatches at the ball were the Boilermakers able to hold their own in the first half. By fighting for the ball and dashing past the Iowa guards, the Purdue squad managed to keep within striking distance of the Iowa team. Suesens and Captain Sid Rosenthal, forward, were Iowa’S main scoring agents in the first half.
Purdue far behinr but still hoping were again put in the running by Captain Bob Kessler, one of the greatest ball handlers seen here in years. Before the local fdns knew what was happening, Kessler started a one-man scoring spree with several of his sensational shots to tie the score at 26-all.
WXi\
ijaih
hwH
Are You liOoMmg Attend ?
Are yott looking forward to that day wlieia yoMr girl from back home will be here for the saext Mg damce? Then de-
cide mow that she^Il have the privilege
of staying at the Umiom Clmb. Rates are moderate, amd the facilities amd com-
forts of the Umiom will make you domMy promd of yomr Umiversity.
PUROrE MEMORIAE UNION
*The Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities”
Boilermaker Mermen Bow To Illnnois
Vemor Upsets Captain In 50 Dash
mini
Yard
stop Kessler Kessler was finally stopped by the Hawks who again pulled out into the lead; but showing the lowans that Kessler was not the only man to watch, Jewell Young crashed through with seven points in another Boilermaker rally to put the Purdue squad in the lead at 36-35. Gladdis dropped his basket in to put Iowa in the lead and then Malaska came through with three points to give Purdue the game. Pans and officials were kept on their toes as both teams turned on full speed trying to make a kill. Despite the blizzard that was blowing outside, 3,000 fans turned out for the game. Kessler led Purdue scorers with five goals and two charities, and Young, Kessler’s running mate, accounted for four goals and three free throws. Gaddis and Drees, two of Iowa’s
Chicago Fencers Defeat Purdue By 13 l-2To3 D2Score
By Bob Walpole Boilermaker mermen received their second straight conference ducking Saturday afternoon at Champaign when the Illini swimmers defeated Purdue, 57 to 27. Although Illinois splashers won eight out of nine first places. Captain Paul Vernor, Purdue dash star, provided the biggest upset of the afternoon by winning over Hank Hansen, Illinois captain and a present member of the All-America swimming team, in the 50 yard dash. VanDelester, Purdue breaststroker, finished a close second to Brouk, of Illinois, in the 200 yard breast stroke event, and Rasackus, of the Illini, nosed out Kerber, Purdue back stroke representative, in the 150 yard back stroke race. Vernor led the Boilermakers in total points scored by his first in the 50 yard dash, followed by a second in the 100 yard free style event. The Orange and Blue water polo team made the afternoon a success for the Illini supporters by ending up the swimming activities with a 3 to 1 win over Purdue.
many sophomores led the Hawkeye scoring with eight and nine points respectively. Six of the men used by Coach Rollie Williams came from the second year men, three of them being in the starting lineup. The line-up:
Purdue (39) Kessler, f Downey, f Young, f Sines, f Elliott, c Seward, c Malaska, g . Lambert, g
Totals .. Ipwa (38) Rosenthal, f Schwartz, f Johnson, f Gaddis, f . . Drees, c Walsh, c . Vanysseldyk, g Suesens, g
Chicago came out on top in the fencing meet over the week-end with Purdue at Chicago. Wilson, captain of the Chicago team, was the outstanding star of the meet, contributing three points to Chicago’s 13% by winning all three of his foil matches. Seaborg boosted Purdue’s total io 3% by winning both of his saber duels. Captain Silverman added one point by winning one of his three foil bouts, and one-half was gained by a tie in one of the epee matches. There was no doubt as to Chicago’s superior strength. Purdue has a chance for high honors yet, for even after losing to Chicago and Illinois, our number of bouts won divided by the number of matches (which is the way the championship is to be decided) may be as high as any of the others. Three matches are still to be fenced; Ohio State, Northwestern, and Wisconsin; which will make the complete round of the Big Ten fencing teams. Ohio State Ohio State will come in town Saturday to cross blades with Purdue. As Ohio will have had matches with Chicago and Natre Dame Friday, they ought to fall easy prey to the Boilermakers. There is a lot of competition for places on the team as coach Finney is doing everything possible to bring our fencers out of their slump. In the foils a three man team is used but four may be chosen from Silverman, Blocker, Latter, Reynolds, and McWilliams for the Ohio meet. Hammann, Wray, and Mathewes are fighting for the two positions on the epee team, while Green, Seaborg and Antuschoa are making a similar struggle for the two berts on the saber squad.
Trackmen Plan Evanston Trip
(Ved Tumbkrs Practice For April Show
By W. H. FifieM Purdue’s track team wBl Jonnieisr to Evanston for a triangular meet with Northwestern and Wisconsin to be held in the Patten fieldhouse Saturday night at 8:00 P. M. Claude Moore, co-captain with Glendenning, may still be unable to nm because of a nerve injury in his ankle. Jack Shideler, who was ineligible for the Butler meet, is back in the hamness and will be ready to run the hurdles at Evanston. Atwo mile relay will be run instead of the usual quarter length, ten points are being awarded for first place. Purdue’s relay team is composed of Glendenning, Bluemel, Soles and Terhune. 'The mile relay squad will consist of Glendenning, Bluemel, Soles and Fifield.
Practices for co-ed tumbling began last night and will emtinae tonight at 7 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Applicants for the team must attend the practices and pass certain qualifications. The team will display its progress at the Penny Carnival in April. Bfortha Walker is in charge of the tumbling group.
The Queen ' o# Hearts
Student Squash Team Defeats Faculty, 5-2
The student squash team defeated the faculty squad five matches to two this afternoon in the faculty gym. The students were given a five point advantage in the first five matches. The varsity squash team meets the Indianapolis A. C. Squash team here this Saturday at 3:00 P. M.
VICTORY BRINGS— (Continued from page 1) was high point man for his team with nine points. Purdue’s record at the free throw stripe was greatly improved tonight over the past several games. The Boilermakers missed but six charity tosses. Lineup:
CANDY ’1
Purdue (39) Kessler, f Sines, f Young, f Smith, f Elliott, c Seward, e Lambert, g Malaska, g Downey, g
Ciie Artists Hope To Win Tourney Purdue has hopes of taking a first place in the intercollegiate billiard tourney, to be held here on March 25. These tournaments are unique in that each team plays on its own home tables, and the results are telegraphed to the various competing colleges through Cornell. The teams for these tourneys wifi consist of five men who are the best in their respective lines. The teams will be selected by a qualifying tourney commencing this Saturday. Entries for this tournament must be turned in not later than tonight.
Totals Minnesota (24) Baker, f Naslund, f Roscoe, f Jones, Q ^Monley, c Seebach, g Lillyblad, g Nash, g
For the lady who relgiss in your heart what more perfect gift comld there he than this heantifnl box filled to the hrsm with luscions Schrafft’s Candy? It’s a choice gift for the lady of yorar choice and one that she will appreciate with every d^dons bite.
Totals
9 6 11
Beferee, Getdiell, St. Paul; Umpire, Lar-
son, ISHwankee.
Southworth’s
Other Scores
Purdue 39—Minnesota 24. Wisconsin 34—Ohio State, 26. Northwestern 63—^Butler, 38. Illinois 36—Iowa, 14. Notre Dame 41—^Kentucky, 20. Indiana 39—Franklin, 29.
16 8 16
Totals
Free throws missed—^lowa, 6; Purdue, 10. Officials—^Referee—Nick Kearns (DePaul). Umpire—Lloyd Larson (Wisconsin).
PLUMBING ANB HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werklaoff Compamy Phone 8882
CLASS «B” BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Scrivnor 7:00—^Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 7:16—Kappa Delta Rho vs Pi Kappa Alpha. 8:26—Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:40—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Court 2—Hutt 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa. 7:16—Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8:26—^Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:40—Delta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Curt 3—Fields 7:00—^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Sigma Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:26—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 8:40—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EBUCATION H. G. REISNEK
T - *—”-T*fv Tbi
LYLE E. FISHER WatcliMafeer
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Opposite New Post Office
Do You Dance? Take advantage by enrolling in our
February Classes Beginners’ Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p. m.
Advanced Opens Friday, Feb. 14,
7:30
ALLEN’S
6th
for YOUR Valentine
GLATZ Home-made Candies & Bon|Bons
Choose from our wide selection of new and decorative heart boxes
GLATZ Confectionery
536 Main StreetjT,
f ii '^1 ! 8/fl jj ; , W 1 'll 4'!
I
Classified Ads.
Sallu i! Dancing Classes open at Allen Beginneis, Wednesday, Peb. 12, \dvanced, Friday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p. m. Phone 2150.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—Foi sale, rent, repaired and bought Multigiaph and mimeograph woi k 'done. C. F. Ebersboff, 606 Mam St Phone 2779.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—l^o Meetittk tonight. —KELLENBER^ER,
Track Manager Candidates—All men debuing to tiy out for sophomore track manager report to gym at 4:1B today. —McCOLEOUM.
Patteison Puppet Show, Trinity Church, Feb. 10. Adults 15c, children 10c.
Beginners Tap Class for adults opens at Allen’s, Wednesday, February 12, 9:00 p. m.
For Rent—Single room, 330 Lutz Ave. 1 Block from campus. Phone 66023.
Wanted—Student to care for furnace m exchange for room. Phone 6039.
Modern House—^Extra room down stairs for study or maid. Call 6096.
Union Workers—Will the foJIowfng memers of my committee please meet In the reception loom at 4 today fataliings, Marshall, Mueller, Evans, Wantland, Blank, EinviUe, Vogl, Chapin. —SHOEMAKER, Union Workers—Will the following members of my chmmittee please meet in the Student Union office today at 4; Marjorie 1 oor, Martha Markel, Jean Hallam, Martha iT|c Mary Hamilton, Lorna McLeod, Alice Keeley, Martha Ritchie, Mary Wynn, tjotuer Jaoii-man, Ltta Best. —GRIMM
Union Workers—Will the following members of my committee please meet in the sub-basement today at 4: Wnght, Fatout, Seaborg, Throckmorton, Bateman, Schlundt, bitts, Weigant, Wetherland —CLARK
Freshmen—All interested in Union report to reception room tomorrow at 4 —BEGGS
Union Tryouts—Everyone who has tried out for the Union show and was not there Saturday reiiort in ballroom at 4 —FULLER
Umon Workers—Members of my committee meet in sub-basement at 4 today —QUIGGLE
Chorus No. 2—Of the Union show will rehearse today at 4 in the corridor in front of the women’s lounge —CLARK
Desirable room with board, $25 per month. Meals 14 for $3.76 or 21 for $4.50. Phone 4413.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Freshman Engineers—Those who took surveying last semester may obtain their area calculations at office, room 101, Civil Building 'They will not be available later than Saturday, February 15 —TODD
Bidncation 226—On account of convo tonight, the class will meet tomorrow night. —REMMERS
Zouaves—^Dnll and meeting at 4
Men’s canceled
Glee Club—Concert for tonight Rehearsal tomorrow at 4 —HAMMOND
Radio Choms—Important rehearsal today at 4 m University HalL Reorganization and plans for rest of semester will be made at this time —COX Co-ed Swimming—^No swimming tonight 'because of convo Schedule will be resumed next week —RUSSELL
Y. W. C A. Cabinet—Meeting in Y W office at 4 today —GOBBLE
Co-ed Fencing—No meeting tonight because of convo —HANLEY
Co-ed Basketball—All girls interested in obtaining a national rating m officiating in basketball report at the Women’s Gym at 4 today, —NANCE
Dormer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6®5®
Fraternity Presidents — Remind your freshmen of meeting at 4 tomorrow for Union work. —McConnell
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Malm St.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
L
Risk Dental Cliitic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A, RISK m Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Comer 4th and
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle lodes a specialty. F. Jos. Mnlhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
PLAN REVISION— (Continued from page 1) weeks of intensive laboratory woik. Students of junior oi higher tanking will be eligible for enrollment in the summer course, which will make possible a more efficient use of available time and equipment than IS possible during the shorter winter laboratory periods.
German
One of the most important changes in curriculum will be in the nature of the type of instruction offered in German. The requirement in the German language is to be reduced to two semesters, and a new text is being prepared foi the use of chemical engineering students so that the subject will be of a practical instead of a classical nature. '' Another important change in the regular undergraduate course of study will be made in the requirements in qualitative and quantitative analysis, which aie to be leduced to one semester each, with only the fundamentals of gravimetiic and volumetric analysis le-
tained.
More Electives With the time gained thiough changes in instruction in chemistry and German, it will also be possible to offer in the chemical engineering curiiculum twelve hours of electives While the student will be free to elect any subject, he will be encouraged to choose electives from German, English, history, economics, or general engineering. Other changes of consequence include strengthening the work in physical chemistry, both theory and laboratory, and completing this type of instruction by the end of the junior year, which will make available fundamental instruction in physical chemistry for use in the courses of the semor year. SUBMIT— (Continued from page 1) Hughes, Hulse, Jump, R. W. Smith, Spitler, and Hope Reisner. P. I. A. is officially supporting only two candidates, Buxton and Wirth, the latter also being affiliated with one of the above groups. The others are running independently. Gala Week A canvass of Gala Week candidates last night revealed that Butz, Glenny, Lambert, and Miss Luxton are running independently. Null and Nikolich have combined forces, although this fact was unconfirmed by the former, who merely said, “I have friends.” The other candidate, Joorfetz, could not be reached. Although eligibility requiiements were printed in the Exponent last week, there was a rumor that new rules would be adopted which would call for only a ceitain scholastic index, rather than barring those with C’s or D’s for the previous semester. Last night F. W. Stone, president of the Student Senate, said that such a rule was under consideration by a special committee, but, even if adopted at the meeting tomorrow night, would not apply to this year’s elections.
Prineetoniiati To Talk On \ f Supreme Court Tonight Edward S; Cordwin, professdr of jurisprudence at Princeton University, will he heard this evening at 6:46 over an NBC broadcast in a talk, "Curbing the Court”—^the second of a series of impartial radio talks presented by the committee on Civic Education in Radio, in cooperation with the American Academy of Political and Social Science. Next Tuesday night, Francis W. Coker, professor of political science at Yale, will speak on "Property Rights as Obstacles to Prog-
ress”.
Prof. G. L. Roberts Attends School Association Banquet Prof. George L. Roberts was a guest of the Indiana City and Town School Superintendents’ Association banquet in the Travertine room of the Lincoln hotel this week-end. The banquet was in honor of those living members who were superintendents and members of the association more than 25 years ago. Prof. Lommel Returns From Cleveland Clinic Hospital Prof. Geoige E Lommell, of the school of civil engineering, who has been a patient at the Cleveland Clinic hospital, Cleveland, O., for the past three weeks, returned here Saturday afternoon. Although he IS attended by Miss Petiich, a nuise fiom the Cleveland hospital, he is able to receive visitors. CANNERS WILL— (Continued from page 1) Company, toastmaster. Tomorrow morning a general session will be held and in the afternoon the canneis will be divided between a session on sweet corn and peas, and another on tomatoes. The conference will close with the annual canners’ banquet tomorrow night, when R. B. Hull, of the horticultural staff, will speak on “New Communities for Old”.
KEMT A CAM
DRIVE IT YOURSELFLATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
Bmarl
We can restore to perfect appearance, functioning-, quietness, that badly or slightly injured Stream Line Auto Body. AUTO BODY SHOP 431-433 North Third Dial 2998
if a Sandwich a Prink then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
'’LUCKIES" STAiBARBHED UHIFORMITY
ARE LESS ACID
- - 3'- r
Going to town with Luckies A LIGHT SMOKE of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco
Over a period of years, certain basic advances have been made in the selection and treatment of cigarette tobaccos for Lucky Strike Cigarettes. They include preliminary analyses of the tobacco selected; use of center leaves; the higher heat treatment of tobacco (“Toasting”);
«««««« Ww $mHtm . .
consideration of acid - alkaline balance, with consequent definite improvement in flavor; and controlled uniformity in the finished product. All these combine to produce a superior cigarette —a modern cigarette, a cigarette made of rich, ripebodied tobaccos—A Light Smoke.
Luckies ore less acid
ixcess of Acidilyof OMier Popular Brandt Over lucky Strike Cigarettes
a .... 3
. 3 . .
.=....2. .3....3
BAIANCE
1 i ' ' ‘ ‘ ! ]
I LUCKY
ST R1 K B
i i i
II BRAN
D
B
mrnmmmmmmmtmmi , |
1 BRAN
D
C
1 BRAN
D
D
♦results verified by independent chemical LABORATORIES AND RESEARCH GROUPS
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO "ITS TOASTED^^
Patronise Expaitesit Advertisers®