> t
Committee Offers Rve Proposals For Vacation (See editorial on page 2) Members of the Committee on the University Calendar last night made public the five proposals relative to a four-day Thanksgiving holiday which University students will be asked to vote on during second semester registration. These proposals have been worked out by the students and the faculty members who were appointed to the special committee as a result of student agitation for the holiday this year. The results of the poll will be used by the committee as a basis for the recommendations it must make to the faculty. These recommendations will in turn have to be approved by the Executive Committee and the faculty. The five alternate proposals read as follows. 1. Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday (Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday) by condensing the final examination period to one week. (Three exams per day). 2. Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday and compensate by shortening Christmas vacation by one and one-half days. 3. Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday by shortening the final examination period one and one-half days (Two exams per
day).
4. Grant four-day Thanksgiving holiday without compensation, thus reducing by one and one-half days the period of instruction in the first semester. 5. Leave the University calendar as it is at present. (One day Thanksgiving holiday). Students will be asked to indicate their first choice among the five proposals. Any other ideas or suggestions that any persons may wish to submit can be tum^ in to the Union Exponent box, from which they will be forwarded to the com-
mittee.
All students enrolled in the University are being asked to record their choice in this matter as a guide for further action by 'faculty-student committee investigating possible changes in the calendar. These changes, as the committee will recommend to the University’s Executive Committee, will not affect next year’s University calendar but will be effective beginning with the school year of 1940-41, if approved by the
higher committee.
The five plans are discussed in detail on the editorial page of today’s paper, with arguments pro and con. 227 Register For Annual Road School; Show To Open In Armory This Evenings Twenty-fifth annual Road School started off in a flurry of snow yesterday afternoon with 277 county, state, and city highway and street officials plus many contractors and civil equipment salesmen already registered. Over 1,000 are expected to register and attend the five day school under the supervision of the civil engineering school with the cooperation of the State Highway Commission, and other Indiana county and state associations. — ■■■■■
Skating Rink Nears Completion As Cold Snap Speeds Work Inspiied by the lecent cold spell that seems to have settled on the campus for an extended stay, the athletic department is endeavoring to flood the noith end of Stuart Field to provide the students with a
skating rink.
Late last fall the^field was prepared for flooding by banking the edges to hold the water until frozen and providing water outlets to facilitate flooding. The rink will be illuminated at night by the floodlights which were left up after freshman football practice was completed. The old equipment building will be heated by a coal stove to provide skateis with a warming house foi putting on skates. Howeve?, there seems to be some trouble in completing this project. Monday night when several workmen tiled to flood the fleld, they discovered that the water was frozen in the parts of the pipe above ground. Despite this difficulty another attempt was made last night; and Chief Clevett says that with continued cold weather the rink should be ready for student skaters within three days. University Men Leave For Chicago Conclave Professor F. C. Gaylord and Roscoe Fraser of the University liorticulture department, and Dr. R. W. Samson, of the University botany department, left yesterday for Chicago’to attend the annual meeting of the National Canners’ Associa-
tion.
Fraser will take part in the raw products session today. He will talk and lead a discussion on “Direct Seeding of Tomatoes.”
Professor R. B. Wiley, head, school of civil engineering, gave the welcoming address with Dean Knapp presiding over the first meeting beginning at 1:30 yesterday afternoon. Ben J. Petty, professor of highway engineering, is ip charge of the Road School; he has been in charge of school since 1925.
Aerial Surveys
“Aerial surveys cut the cost of highway location surveys to one fifth and sometimes as much as one tenth of the cost of the grhund survey method used at present,” stated Talbert Abrams, president of the Abrams Aerial Survey Corporation. A contour finder has been developed that can measure heights of trees, buildings, hills, etc., from aerial photos, even though taken from an altitude of several miles.
Lingo Speaks
“Human failures by drivers and pedestrians cause over 80 per cent of all traffic accidents,” declared J. L. Lingo, director of the Public Safety Institute at Purdue. Lingo spoke at a smoker for the road men held last night. “Human beings differ greatly in mental, physical characteristics and any temporary condition makes them entirely unpredictable. Road builders are responsible for providing highways that make it difficult for human failures to result in accidents,” ex-
pressed Prof. Lingo.
Annual Road Show, since 1928, will be opened in the University Armory this evening after the Road School adjournment. One of the most interesting features of the school and open to students, the Road Show will open on Wednesday afternoon and night, and Thursday
morning until noon.
An interesting feature of the show, which includes 114 commercial exhibits of equipment and material, will be an exhibit by the highway research* project. A miniature road 50x20 inche^ shows the actual road and tests involved. Prof. Shelburne is in charge of the exhibit. Wiley is in charge of the actual ex-
periments.
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY Student Exchange, Opens Next Week, Calls For Juniors Registration of second hand books in the third consequtive student operated non-profit book exchange will begin Tuesday, January 31, and will continue until the afternoon of Wednesday, February 1. According to officials of the board of control no books will be registered' after Wednesday afternoon in order to increase the efficiency of the exchange. Open between the hours of 10 a. m. and 8 p. m., the exchange will be operated for one week, closing Tuesday, February 7. Only books to be used in second semester will be accepted at the exchange. Technical books of all varieties are usually in great demand and seniors and others willing to part with this type of book are urged to register early. Passports must be presented when registering books. Need More Men In order to carry on future book exchanges the board of control this year has issued a call for juniors to work for the exchange. No permanent system has been established to bring new men into the ranks, consequently volunteers are asked to work. Reward for working will be an opportunity to be selected for the board of control for next year. This seemingly disorganized method of carrying on the book exchange is necessitated by the nature of the exchange itself. Original plans for the exchange on this campus are credited to Robeit Buckles, senior electrical and Rip Manion, former editor of the Exponent. They, with a few friends, carried on the research necessary for the carrying out of the idea. Considerable investigation of the methods employed in other schools and the difficulties to be overcome in organizing the first book exchange last January were carried out by a small group of interested students. Permanent Activity? Close of the next semester will find that most of the originators of the exchange will have graduated. The popularity of the exchange makes it imperative that it be earned on. Hence the call for civic minded juniors. Perhaps in time this book exchange will become a peimanent activity with a completely organized progressive method of drafting new control boards and workers. Members of the present board of control have hinted that such an arrangement may be made when they meet in February. Several juniors have offered their services for next week’s exchange and anticipate postions on next year’s board of control. So far no co-eds have applied. Positions are open, however, to members of both sexes. THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain or snow, slightly warmer today.
January 24,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoL 50
No. 99
Philippines Praise Dr. Elliott For Work
76 Men Eligible For Flight
AsUniyersHyAkie Training Phvsical Exam
Dr. E. C. Elliott, University prexy, has been personally thanked by President Quezon of the Philippine Commonwealth for his services at the University of the Philippines. According to copies of the Philippine Herald received here. Dr. Elliott, who has been chief advisor to the board of regents of the Philippine school, made several suggestions and recommendations concerning the reorganization of the school. The points on which he made recommendations dealt with the transfer of the University site, the faculty, government of the institution, research, and the fundamental pur-
poses of the university.
The Herald and other publications carried photos of Dr. Elliott and Dean Packer of Iowa University, who is on an inspection trip of Phil-
ippine education centers.
Trustee Board Holds Quarterly Meeting; Appoints Assistant At their quarterly meeting recently, the Board of Trustees, headed by David E. Ross, approved the appointment of Harmon M. Harper of Ligonier as assistant in animal husbandry, and R. L. Holdeman of South Bend as assistant in dairy husbandry to serve during the eight weeks’ winter course in agriculture. This year’s short course boasts an enrollment of 235 students, the largest in the history of
the University.
Two leaves of absence were also granted by the board: one to Miss Rachael Schenk, head of the circulation department of the Library, to complete a course in library science at Columbia University; and the second to Truman E. Hienton of the agricultural engineering staff, to make a survey for the U. S. Department of Agriculture of the existing research and progress in rural electrification in the mid-west experiment stations.
Accept Donations
Several gifts were also accepted, including $500 from Ball Bros. Co., of Muncie for five scholarships to be awarded winners in 4-H canning clubs of the state; $230.26 from the Indiana Home Economics Association for the Virginia C. Meredith Memorial Loan Fund; and several volumes of scientific publications, and a collection of flowering plants and fungi from Dr. J. C. Arthur, professor emeritus of botany in the botany department. Lions Club Fetes Varsity Basketball Squad Mar. 7 To honor members of the Boilermaker varsity basketball squad, a banquet will be held in the Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m. Tuesday, March 7, under the auspices of the Lafayette Lions’ Club. Tickets are now on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union de@k. West Lafayette, and at Decker’s in
Lafayette.
The selection board of the University branch of the Civilian Flight Training Program met Saturday and selected 76 men from the list of applicants for positions in the course. These 76 will undergo a physical examination Wednesday night. If more than 55 men pass the physical examination, the number will be cut down to 55 by the selection board. If 55 men fail to pass the exam, enough.to fill the quota will be chosen from the applicants. Rhysical Exam As students are dropped by Captain Aretz and his assistants for lack of promise of achieving the necessary proficiency to pass the C.A.A. examination, other students may be admitted to take their positions. There will be no new admissions after the first six weeks of the t4rm. More Information Any student desiring fmther information may secure it from the committee comprised of the following men: Capt. L. I. Aretz, chairman; Dean A. A. Potter, Professor K. D. Wood, G. S. Meikle, Professor G. A. Young, Dr. G. E. Walters, Controller R. B. Stewart, Dr. F. B. Knight, and T. R. Johnson. The 76 men who were selected are listed below by classes and by the times at which they are to report. These men will be notified by mail today. 7 p. m. The following seniors and gpraduate students are to report at 7 p. m.: C. Arnold, A. C. Bodeau, W. B. Boothby, G. B. Bosco, J. D. Bowen, CT G. Bull, R. B. Coen, G. DeK. Hirchert, A. W. Kellogg, H. G. Langford, and W. H. Lidgard. 8 p. m. 'The following are scheduled to report at 8 p.m.: R. A. MacGregor, R. B. Marozick, J. W. Mazur, P. C. Miller, W. B. Miller, W. W. Moore, J. A. Ogle, M. Parson, C. F. Reed, R. L. Richardson, R. N. Schneblin, T. J.* F. Sherman, G. R. Shields, L. H. Stephen, and H. W. Thomas. 9 p. m. The following are asked to report at 9 p. m.: T. L. Tomaszewski, R. Wagner, R. C. Walter, and R. H. Williams. These juniors are also asked to report at 9 p. m.: J. W. Ashton, S. G. Best, R. L. Buell, P. A. Clark, W. D. Croft, J. A. Dupps, E. B. Formanek, R. Glasser, J. N. Hall, E, F. Hamer, and W. R. Harpster. 10 p. m. The following juniors are asked to report at 10 p. m.: L. M. Hauprich, G. T. Henderson, G. H. Hermonson, R. H. Kimball, F. A. Mayfield. A. L. Lutz, Craig Miller, R. H. Moninger, K. Murdoch, M. M. Popovits, J. B. Quinn, D. R. Rees, C. A. Reising, L. M. Rothrock, and W. B. Strong. 11 p. m. The following juniors are asked to report at 11 p. m.: L. L. Treece, G .Ti'edwell, H. S. Williams. These sophomores are also asked to report at 11 p. m.: F. R. Arens, G. W. Brewer, J. W. Christy, E. L. Conn, 0. A. Grab, R. E. Jansing, A. L. Johnson, G. B. Kirkpatrick, J. C. Layson, R. M. Strieby, J. R. Storms, J. F. Wadsworth, A. C. Weed, and P. W. Wolverton.
Lecturing Scientist WillTalkOn'Sound' Using special telephone hookups to Dallas, Texas, and New York City as a part of his demonstrations. Dr. J. 0. Perrine will talk on “Words, Waves and Wires” Wednesday, February 1, in Memorial Gymnasium. Dr. Peri’ine is the lecturing scientist for the American Telephone and Telegraph Company. Sponsored by the Committee on Convocations and Public Lectures, Dr. Perrine’s talk will present to the audience the results of the combination of sound and electricity developed by scientists in recent years. The special phone circuits will be used to carry speech and music to the high quality loud speaker in the gym. Perrine holds degrees from Cornell, lowa,^ and Michigan. Women's Club Will Hear Dean Dye Today Dean Marie Dye, dean of Home Economics at Michigan State College, will be the guest at a luncheon sponsored by the Purdue Woman’s Club at one o’clock this afternoon in the Home Economics Building. This program will include two piano solos by Mrs. S. A. Anderson, singing by the Purdue Woman’s chorus, and xylophone playing- by Gordon Mathers. Following the luncheon Dean Dye will lecture on “Opportunities for Home Makers” in the Home Economics auditorium. After the general session, an infoi-mal reception will be held for Dean Dye in the Home Economics Building. Time Changed For Weekly WLW Soil Erosion Program “Fortunes Washed Away,” weekly WLW radio program produced by the Soil Conservation Service and directed by Arthur Radkey, a former WBAA announcer, will be heard from now on at 5 p. m. Saturday afternoon instead of 5:45 as formerly presented. This program, which is nearing its first anniversary on the air, is becoming increasingly popular with the farmers because of the valuable information offered for combating erosion.
Collegians Approve Air Training Plan School Of Fashion
Offers Fellowships
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America ' College youth stands ready to do its part in the half-billion dollar rearmament prog I am that President Roosevelt pioposes for the United States. Specifically, seven-tenths of the American college youth today approve of the plan to train 20,000 civilian pilots a year in colleges and universities of the nation, a coun-try-wiefe poll of the Student Opinion Surveys of America shows. When the President asked Congress to appropriate $10,000,000 for training aviators in cooperation with education institutions, he was in reality alloting college men their papt in the tgsk of making tlie U. S. safe from the possibilitY of .inva-
sion.
The Question Is Put Collegians everywhere have been
asked, “Do you approve of President Roosevelt’s plan to ti-ain an air reserve corps of 20,000 men now in
college ?”
YES, have answered 71.8 per cent NO, have answered. 28.2 per cent The figures represent the only barometer of public opinion on this question in the particular section of the population—college students —that will be affected by the proposal. Before the idea is tried the second semester with 300 volunteers in seven schools, authorities thei-e and officials in Washington will know that it has the approvaL of the majority of the student bodies. Only three out of seven are again?]t the program, the ,Survey
indicates.
Seven Schools » The preliminary courses will be offered at Universities of Washington, Alabama, Minnesota, Pur-
due, Texas A. & M., Georgia Tech,
and M. I. T.
Defense measure costing $552,000,000 will call for an increase in the air force as one of the paramount po'ints. More planes will mean more aviators. College men ai-e always preferred; so campuses have been assigned as elementary training bases until a reserve of 100,000 pilots has been created. The six-months’ training will include 50 hours of dual and solo flying. Many are expected to continue at the advanced Army and Navy schools, possibly entering the regular service or becoming reserve offiefers.
Editor’s Note: This report of tKe Student Opinion Surveys o^ America is especially appropriate at tiie^pre^nt time as Purdue is one of the University’s to participate in the newly organized Civilian Plight Training Program. Purdue campua opinion ia included in the tabulationa of the survey.
Five fellowships to the Tibe-Co-burn School of Fashion located in Rockefeller Center, New York City, are being offered this year to home economics seniors throughout the country. Before January 31 applicants must fill out registration blanks obtainable at the Placement Service for Women. Only one fellowship, which will cover the $700 tuition from September, 1939, to June, 1940, will be awai-ded to any one school. ” * “ On February 1, each applicant will be mailed a qualifying set of questions due back in New York by March 1. Following an elimination some girls will be chosen to carry our suggested projects in fashion research. Final decision for the awards wiU be made on a 2,000 word report due by April IQ. Winners am to be announced on IMfaiy 1.^ ft,>>
H
A -
£dibyuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
'5'*'’'„n|r'«?'Wfr"‘’^^’'”' "Wm
^saJtwuuL
Tuesday, January 24,1939
Five ChaMceSmmm ... to express an opinion on the Thanksgiving holiday question will be given each University student at second semester registration when the Committee on the University Calendar holds a poll to determine the feeling of the student body. These five chances result from the five alternate proposals which have been suggested by students and committee members. In order that all students shall understand the different plans proposed we will briefly outline here the set-up of the plans, how they will work, and what they will mean to the individual student. Plan number one is to grant a four-day Thanksgiving holiday by condensing the final examination period to one week. This is by far the most revolutionary plan, and the plan whose results would be most difficult to foresee. I’o begin with, it means that three examinations would have to be given each day of the period. The exams would probably be shortened to two or two and one-half hours. All regular students and many irregular students would find that they would never have three examinations on a single day. Some irregular students, however, might find that three in a day would be inevitable. Faculty action to eliminate this danger might be taken but it would necessitate many more special examinations and consequently more work for the instructors. Putting this plan into effect would mean the addition of two more working days to the semester, bringing the semester total up to 16 full weeks of school. It might be possible, however, to add these extra days on to the Christmas vacation instead of increasing the number of school days. Plan number two provides for a four-day Thanksgiving holiday at the expense of the Christmas vacation. This means that the Christmas holidays would be shortened one and one-half days to make up^or the loss of Friday and Saturday morning after Thanksgiving Thursday. Christmas vacation is now a full two weeks long; this plan would reduce it to 12 and one-half days. Day And A Half Off Finals Plan number three again provides for the long Thanksgiving holiday by cutting doy^n the number of days in the final examination period. Under this plan, however, there would be only two final examinations per day, conducted on the same schedule as is now in use. This year there were 16 final examination periods provided for. Under plan three there would be only 14 final periods. Instead of ending Friday noon examinations would run till 4 p. m, Friday. This would provide for the extra one and one-half days lost at Thanksgiving. Semester classes instead of ending on a Tuesday afternoon would continue until the following Thursday noon. Thursday morning would be devoted to the Saturday morning classes which would have been missed during the Thanksgiving vacation period. Under this plan the half-day recess period between the end of classes and the beginning of examinations would be preserved. The large number of students who hadn’t registered in Saturday classes would have, under the new plan, a whole day off between classes and exams.
Plan three really affects the students very little except that it gives them the four-day Thanksgiving holiday. They would have about the same relative time to study for their finals except that the chances of having several examinations in sequence would be somewhat increased, and they would never be faced with the prospect of taking three examinations in one day. For instructors it would mean more conflicts and an occasional extra examination to give. There would necessarily be some crowding when all the exams were given in 14 periods instead of 16. However, reducing the number of cases where all sections taking a course were given the examination at one time would eliminate some of the crowding. Without Compensation Plan number four provides for the fourday Thanksgiving holiday without any compensation whatsoever. This means that the number of working days in the first semester would be decreased by one and one-half, and that the students will receive just that much less classroom instruction. Years ago Purdue worked on a full 18 week semester schedule. Since then many changes have been made in the calendar. Almost without exception these changes have shortened the length of the instructional period. Now we have two days less than 16 weeks, a loss of 16 full days. The complete length of the school year, including registration and finals has remained during\all this time at 40 weeks. The Thanksgiving holiday and the Christmas holiday have competed all along for the available vacation days of the first semester. At first there was a Thanksgiving holiday four days long. Then when large numbers of out-of-state students came to the University it was decided to abandon the Thanksgiving recess and add the extra days on to the holiday at Christmas time. After a few years the students again became discontented and asked for a Thanksgiving holiday. Thus it has happened time and time again, with the working school year suffering each time a new vacation was set up. Plan four has been included so that students may have the chance of choosing between all possibilities. Putting it into effect would mean that each student would lose the instructional value of 1-125 of the cost of his education for that semester. To the average student this would amount to about six dollars—or one dollar more than the penalty fee which is the incentive force to keep students in Lafayette at present. Proposal number five self-evidently offers the chance of voting for the University calendar that is now in effect. Plan four is the only one of the five that shortens the instructional class hours. All the rest (except number five) merely modify the present calendar to include the Thanksgiving vacation. The overall length of the school year would not be changed under any of the plans, which means that the length of the summer vacation would not be altered. Spring vacation, likewise would remain unchanged under any of the plans. The Calendar Committee has devised these plans as being the only practicable ones at the present time. Students with other ideas are sincerely invited to submit them to the committee for consideration.
and ^Jder By Georf ann Schilling
It’s all in the attitude you take— that’s the way we feel about these things called finals' So instead of studying, we’ve been sitting aiound thinking up ways to make these little three-hour interludes more enjoyable Of couise you should enter the exam room determined not to let the prof put anything over on you Naturally he knows a little moie about the course than you do, but if he begins asking you a lot of questions about which you know nothing, just asseit yourself and refuse to answer' Instead, write out briefly youi latest joke Instructors always go lor a story, especially while engaged in the dull job of grading papers. And be sure not to write it legibly. Because, after all, you’ie in a huiry; and if he can not read your writing he will undoubtedly give you the benefit of the doubt. Another thing—be suie to quote what the book says “verbatim.” Of course, if you can’t remember the exact statements just flip a few pages of the text book, and copy it Because it’s always bettei to attempt anything, than to be guilty of misquoting. My yes! And don’t give up all social contact, just because you’re taking finals. Go ahead and talk to the person sitting next to you After all you get moie out of college from the people you know, than from your courses anyway, they say. You’ll be glad you knew us if you follow all these suggestions, for
youi scholastic career will be ended, too' Don’t say we didn’t tell you —H-H— In fuither proof of our play days, we have even been collecting news about campus peisonalities who aie to be listed among the “gone, but not forgotten” next semester. One of the lads who will be missed about here is SAL PALMA, who is leaving this week for the University of Southern California Sal is the boy who so successfully portrayed the leading role in “Of Thee I Sing,” last year’s Unron show They say there’s talent scouts all over out m them thar sunny hills, Sal, so make yourself known. —H-H— The Purdue Independent and the Scrivener Club will find the place of Helen Steffee hard to fill next semester Helen is entering the University of Chicago to study psychology, so the Independent loses its co-ed editor, and the Scrivener its favorite short story writer —H-H— Southern colleges are calling two of Purdue’s young men about the campus. Frank Lewis, former Bold
and Black editor, is transfering to the University of Kentucky And Phi Delt Bud Rhodes plans to enter the University of Virginia. They have mint juleps and Southern belles down there. Bud Need we say more
TODAY-WEDNESDAY mi
with two who tried '"“^to run away from love -and failed!
GET ACQUAINTED SPECIALS
Short Finger Wave $3.00 Permanent $2.50 Permanent
35c $2.00 $1.50
POWDER PUFF BEAUTY PARLOR VINE STREET
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . . For BiuineM or Pleiuare REIMERS RENT-A-CAR
Phone 6455
314 N. Fourtli
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
LOUIS ApSTRONG • MAXINE SULLIVAN
LUMA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
GRIN AND BEAR fT
By Liciily
Today we exploit the usual^sourly filled space m favor of those poor boys at Cary Hall. While coming past the elegant domicilly the other day, we were stopped dead in our tracks by an unearthly scream—and a dull thud! —B-B— Rushing into the room where the noises originated, we found the dull thud lying on the floor, out cold, and the following composition beside him —B-B— After we had read the pitiful manuscript, compassion got the best of us, and we publish it in hopes that relief may find its way into the dimly lit corridors of the men’s abode. Here it is: —B-B— “Git down to the grill, fast. Thar’s wimmin about!” Meaning Cary Hall Northwest’s grill. But, foo, thar ain’t been any wimmin since way long ago Seems like they comes once and then go off in the jungle and die, like elephants in Africa. Course fellows shouldn’t cuss when they see them; course they shouldn’t look at the strangers so hard, but shucks, you don’t see a female fer weeks and weeks, and a guy’s got to see just whose gal is who, and everything They tries to make the place homey; evemturned over the record of “My Heart Belongs to Daddy,” cause the girl what swings it is a strip tease dancer. Don’t even have pictures from Esquire on the walls. Unless the parrot’s picture (west wall) offends anyone, it just must be the multitude of men that appears from everywhere and packs the place to capacity whenever a gal appears that frightens her. Official ruling places little restriction on co-eds coming and going to the grill, hours being from Tam. till 11 p m , but no one comes. The reason is still inexplicable, whatever that means. Once a member of the fair sex was seen going into the postoffice ostensibly to mail a package. Other even stiangef things have happened, but no accurate report of it can be discovered None of the fellows working in the grill ever waited on a CO ed, or it’s been so long ago they can’t recollect it —B-B— Personally, we’ve shied away from the Halls as much as possible, but when did you girls get wise? The boys seem to be certain now that your “hearts belong to daddy.”
f-'XO by United Feature Syndicate Inc.
“So I said to her, ‘Let’s see you TRY to get a property settlement oijta me’ I”
WBAA
On The Air—
'The Voice of Purdue'
11 00—rhe Dentist Says 11 16—Social Security 11 36—Home Makers—Mr G E Gould & Dr C T Gregory 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Noon Melodies 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 46—Songs and Melodies 1 00—Monitor Views the News 1 -16—Melody Time 1 30—Scientific News Review 1 46—Market Reports 2 00—Stinson Brothers, guitar 2 16—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist 2 30—You and Your Child 2 46—Treasure Chest 3 00—American Legion Program
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
^Alll
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY-TOMORROW THilETAYS' FOk immm" joei ...in the goofiest football picture that ever made the co-eds cut-up on the campus!
o/ith June Travis < ^ Richard Lana J Ben Alexamler> Billy BilbertOackCarsoo Alan Bruce — PLUS —' THE GREATEST MASTERPIECE Of AMERICA S FAVORITE AUTHOR!
CLAUDE RAINS • FAY BAINTER JACKIE COOPER-BONITA GRANVILLE
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM CQCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
A MENU NECESSITY Fall and winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. Srd Sfr.
Phone 5372
V r S'. B
► i' ^
Tuesday, January 24,1939
THE PURDUE
^fiUhl-A ■
EXPONENT
Minnesota Shades Illinois, 35 To 33, As psMsuA
Addington Makes Last Minute Field Goal
Minneapolis, Jan, 23—^With less than 20 seconds to go before the game ended, Gordon Addington, Minnesota senior forward, took a last chance shot 15 feet from the basket and sank it to defeat a University of Illinois quintet tonight, 36-33, in a Western Conference game. The score board read 33 to 27 for the Illini with four minutes and 41 seconds left in the game. The Gophers’ Dick and Warhol scored four points in one minute. Another host, Spear, sank a long shot to give Minnesota a one point lead with less than two minutes to go. Dehner sank a protested foul shot for the invaders to tie the score. Ten Addington came through with his “crack at the bucket.” O. State 45, Michigan 31 Columbus, 0., Jan. 23—Ohio State won its third Western Conference victory tonight by topping Michigan, 46 to 31. The Buckeyes allowed the Michigan squad eight points in the last 20 minutes after
(^PwixJL
notices
Exponent Exam Work Schedule: Staff members will please note the following schedule. Advise corrections at once. Workers not listed please select one of the work nights and be there. Daily publication will be resumed following finals on Monday evening, 80th. Keport on regular nights if possible. Extra work will be appreciated. Keorganization meeting for second semester will be in Exponent office, February 1, at 7:80. All editorial staff members please attend. Wednesday, January 25, Kroeplin, night editor; Insley, stooge; Massey, issue; Heiple, proof: DeHoog, Taylor, Ehrhardt, Sears, workers _ —HARDIN.
ME Sophomores: Get notice regarding revised listing of aeronautics courses from school office (1-81) —WOOD Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7'30 pm Thursday, February 2, in room C of the Union Building. —HALL.
taking a 23-20 deficit at the half. Captain Jimmy Hull of Ohio led the scoring with 16 points, with Ted Harmon grabbing top honors for Michigan, with nine points.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
A Pleasant, Spacious Dining-room It’s a known fact that digestion is better if you are in a happy frame of mind and pleasant surroundings. You’ll always enjoy a meal at the CAFETERIA
The prices are moderate too.
JhsL fijindjJUL TyUijmifdcdj UniofL \ The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Winter sport fans dig out your equipment and get out your skiing and skating clothes because it looks as if we really have winter at last . . . heretofore forestalled by too warm weather, good snow now gives the promise of good skiing and sledding for a change.
—^fc—
Lights dimly shining through the snow last night on the football practice field lured us to the vicinity to see what was going on . , . the University was just starting to flood the field for ice skating . . although it is not probable that the ice will be in shape for the sport today, it will be in the very near future.
—^fc—
During the Christmas vacation there was an expanse of ice on the field to make any acid ice skater’s heart palpitate with joy and such ... NYA students will take over the job today to keep the process of flooding the field moving , . . every night after skating is over, the field will be reflooded to keep a good surface . . . here’s that chance to “relax” which seems to play such an important part in getting through
finals. —^fc—
While you aie sitting in a warm loom reading this . . . we hope . . . just think of the men who stayed out on the field all last night just spraying water around so we could ice skate ... a nice job that . . . we talked to one last night and he said that the field would probably be in shape by tomorrow some time if the weather stays all right.
Bodeau, Gutting, Three Thinlies Will Compete In Millrose Games February 4
Boilermakers Renew Practice; Prepare To Meet Wisconsin. Preparing to renew their battle in defense of the Big Ten basketball championship, the Boilermaker basketeers returned to practice last night after a five day recess for exams. The Purdue quintet will endeavor to bring its conference average up to .500 when it meets the invading Wisconsin Badgers here on February 6. As the Boilermaker lineup stands at the present time. Bob Igney, sharpshooting sophomore, and Dan Fisher, flashy junior, hold down the starting positions at forward, with Harry Zink battling hard for a forward position on the starting five. At center Captain Gene Anderson’s more than capable passing and basket shooting IS backed up by sophomores Swarts and Weber. Tom Dickinson and Fred Beretta have cinched the guard posts but Herschelman is close on their heels by virtue of some inspired sharpshooting and defense play in the last two games.
A quintet of Boilermaker track men will travel east next week to compete in the annual Millrose Games in Madison Square Garden in New York City on February 4. Steve Gutting, senior hurdler, and Art Bodeau, senior distance men, are certain to make the trip, along with three other half milers, according to track coach Hermon Phillips. Gutting’s invitation seems to indicate that he is highly regarded in track circles this year. Last year Steve yielded to Bob Lemen most of the season, but came into his own when he copped the high hur-
dles in the state track meet in the spring. Bodeau Selected “Art” Bodeau, captain of the cinder squad, the other man to receive special recognition, being selected to enter the special half-mile run in which such stars as Woodruff of Pittsburgh will compete for honors. Bodeau will also run with three others of his teammates in the twomile relay. Coach Phillips is still undecided on which half-milers will be chosen to complete the team, and he has delayed making the choice until Tuesday in order to watch their development in practice this week.
Clessihed Ads
FOR RENT. Three rooms and bath for gtoup of students also one-half double lower frffnt loom, private lavatory, single beds, board optional. Phone 2309
FOR RENT: Double room, single beds, a block from Union and Deac’s Private entrance and'bath for students References present students Phone 35162.
FOR RENT: Desirable double room near fraternities. 430 Littleton 6233.
MISCELLANEOUS
All over the country, if we can judge by exchange papers, the college students are anticipating and dreading examinations. In more than one university, exam time is designated as “dead week.”
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable macbinea as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EbershoO, 606 Main street. ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT: One single and one doubje room, 411 Maple street Phone 35762. FOR RENT: Two single rooms near campus Phone 2816
FOR RENT—Room with sleeping porch. Opposite east entrance of Union. 128 North Grant.
FOR RENT—Modern furnished sleeping rooms with kitchenette, running hot water, steam heat, good location for students. Phone 71201
ROOM AND BOARD for two students at 108 Waldron Phone 41852.
WANTED—E flat tenor sax man. Call 45893 Tuesday or Wednesday afternoons.
Me n I
“Do you know — I feel like a million when I go calling in a spiffy suit! So do you.” And —It Costs ONLY 85c TO BE SOMEBODY!
Just — the price of a good cleaning job, done the American Way!” Do it NOW.
WANTED: Roommate for junior EE, one-half block from Union. 4238
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown Shaeffer mechanical pencil. Call Mock, 76721. Reward.
LOST; A L L Decitrig Duplex slide rule somewhere on the campus Wednesday night. Reward. Call R A. Vemer 5021.
FOR SALE FOR SALE: Recent 5-tube Amencan Bosch desk radio $10 Phone 66073 between 7 00 and 8 00 p m.
FOR SALE: Four violins, rare old Italian violins 1216 Howell street.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES . $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. 5PER6 822 Main «
One Down—One to Go
We hope that this past semester has been a pleasant and profitable one. Finals are nearly over, and we hope that your coming few days of rest will be pleasant ones.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service J525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
We Pay 50% Cash For Second-hand Books Every Day H. G. "Deac" REISNER« ^t*r/tt (liifit THE POHDOE EXPONENT ^nfit'OA.
Tuesday;. January 24,1939
Exam Schedule Today, Wednesday
T^he following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings: AD—Applied Design Ag—Agriculture Agr—Agronomy AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry AE—Agricultural Engineering AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics B—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry ChemAn—Chemistry Laboratory Annex CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandy EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics EM—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FHG—Field House Gymnasium FMgt—Farm Management F&N—^Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—^Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration .• HEl—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management Math—Mathematics MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Met—Metallurgical Engineering MT—Military Training ML—Modern Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry Psy—Psychology Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Soc—Sociology Spch—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled. *Examinations will be held in the same rooms in "which the divisions regularly recite. Period 10 TUESDAY, JAN. 24, 8-11 A. M.
Hort 1 All Hort 210 MM 220 All * Math 3 N-Q * Math 9 A,B * Math 12 A,B .* * Math 117.... All * ME 30 A,B,C... ME 301,306,308 ME 94 All * ME 291 All. * Met 105 B Met 132 All Met 144 All Heav 304 PhC 117 All * Phar 81 All * PE 43 All * Phys 9 All * Foul 107 All * Psy 9 All Ed 201 ^PsyBl All Ed 208 Psy 209 All Ed 6 Spch 14 C,D * Spch 16 A,XA,B * Spch 124 . ..All Univ 302 Period 12 WEDNESDAY, JAN. 25, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room AD 62 All * AE 12 A * Agr 141 All Ag 117 ChE 111 All * ChE 128 B,C G 101 ChE 226a ...All Heav 108 Chem 1 Q-X Ed 101 Chem 23 All SC 211
Chem 107...hA11 EE 129 CE 21 .All CE 308 Econ 11 .A Ed 208 Econ 11 .XA Rec 113 Econ 11 D Phys 204 Econ 121 A Rec 313 Econ 123 All .Phys 202 Ed 17B All Ed 201 EE 178 All * EE 186 All * Engl 10 B,C * Engl 19 .D * Engl 27 B * Engl 31 D,XD * Engl 117 A. * FMgt 1 All..Ag 103,104,206,209 For 9 All Hort 202 GE 5 All * Geol 5 All * Geol 101 B * Gov 119 All Chem 320 Hist 1 B * Hist 2 D ME 3 Hist 113 All * MM 1 All * Math 2 A,B * Math 9 G,H * Math 12 C,XC,D,E,H * Math 13 JB * ME 31 E,F,G....ME 301,306,308 ME 95 A * ME 100 All * ML 22 All * ML 33 All * ML 42 All * ML 44 All * ML 52 All *
MI 62 All * Psy 1 F Chem 106 Psy 1 G ME 207 Psy 1 .H,I EE 264 Psy 131 All Ed 203 Soc 76 C ME 108 Soc 179 All Ed 13 Spch 14 1,J,XJ,L * Spch 14 K Univ 211 Spch 16 c ; * Spch 116 D,E * Period 13 WEDNESDAY, JAN. 25, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 50 All No. 2, 202, 204 B14 All SC 211 B134 All SC 114 B 136 All SC 14 DH 109 .All * C&T 125 All * EE 6 All EE 129 EE 23 All EE 254 Engl 1 A,XA,B,E,XG,XI.... Ed 101 Engl 1 C,XD Ed 201 Engl 1 D GlOl Engl 1 F-I ME 207 Engl 1 J,K Chem 106 Engl 1 XK,L Phys 202 Engl 1 M ME 108 Engl 6 D,XD * Engl 19 C&I G 101 Engl 31 C ME 108 Ent 2 ,..i..All *
HA 110 All HE 213, 216 Hort 113 All * Hort 130 All * IM 39 All HE 108 Math 1 AK-AS * Math 2 G,H * ME 31 A-D ME 301-309 ML 148 All * Phar 11 All Phar 308, 311 Poul 1 All * Soc 176 All Ed 105 Spch 14 E,F,G,H *
WBAA PROGRAM TOMORROW 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Parm Facts for Farm Folks. 12 il6—Sports Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:80—Story Time. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:00—Melody Time. 2:16—Benny Walkup, guitar. 2:30—^Home Decorator. 2:46—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson.
If
r
,4 '
Course
Divisions
Room
AE 12
B
Agr 2
.4.11 Ag 103,104,209,206
AH 112
All
AM 1
.K,N
AM 1 ..
.L
SC 14
AM' 1. . -
.M
ME 3
AM 2
.L-0
AM 2 ... .
P
SC 14
AM 2
. Q
M3E 3
B 120
.All. . ..
SC 17
Chem 1
..I-P,XN...
Ed 101
CE 59
..All .. -
CE 308
C&T 27
..All
DH 18
..All
DH 117..-
..All . ..
Sm 208
EE 247
...All
EE 344
Engl 19
..E
Phys 202
Engl 32
..0....'
Phys 202
Engl 130..
. All
Gov 9
..Tues 10
SC 211, EE 129
IM 140
..All
Math 1
..AB-AJ.
Math 2 ...
...I
Math 115.
..All
Math 273
All .
ME 172 ..
A
G 101
ME 172
B
ME 108
ME 172....
...C
. . ME 207
ML 43
...A
EE 254
ML 43
...B,C
ML 63
...All .
Chem 106
PE 13
...All...
PE 21
...All
Phar 20....
....All
Phar '311
Psy 210....
...All
Spch 14 ...
....M,N ....
Period 11
TUESDAY, JAN.
24, 1-4 P. M.
Course
Divisions Room
Agr 4 .
All
Ag 206, 809
Agr 125..
.. All
Ag 103
AMI
...H
Pur 304
AM 1
...I,R
Heav 202
AM 1
...JP
SC 14
AM 1
Q
SC 4
AM 2
...H-K
*
ChE 126.
....All...
❖
ChE 226d
... Al.
Chem 1....
...BA-BG,B"V ..Ed 101
Chem 3a..
....All .. .
Chem 106
CE 6
...A .
CE 101
CE 6
....B
G 101
CE 6
C
Phys 202
CE 6 ....
.. D
G 201
CE 6
....E
G 301
CE 6
...F
G 303
CE ^ ....
...G
ME 108
CE 6
...H ... .
ME 207
CE 6
...I . -
EE 254
CE 6
....J
..' CE 308
CE 165
....Al
Jk
CE 175.. ..
, ...Al
‘ Jk
DH 118...
...All
*
Econ 11...
....F
ME 3
Econ 12...
....E
Econ 12...
....F
Chem 320
Econ 113..
....Al
Ed 39
....Al
EE 7
...All . .
EE 129
Engl 19...
....B,XB ...
*
Engl 31...
.. B.
Phys 204
Engl 31...
....XB ...
Phys 206
Ent 102..
.. All ....
Ag 117
FMgt 107
....All
Ag 104
F&N 1. ...
... All
SC 211
For 30
... All
............Hort 202
For 110....
...Al
♦
GE 104
...A
If
GE 107
....All
.... ME 213, 214
Gov 10 ..
...A... .
SC 115
Gov 10
...B
SC 12
Hist 2
....A
Sm 112
Hist 2
...B
Phys 206
Hist 2
...C
Phys 207
Hist 16
....A
EE 347
Hist 106...
...A
EE 360
HA 7
....All
HE 107,108,109
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST I19*/2Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER This is ail wa do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Feny St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D,O.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
• Locksmith
• Florists
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac'essories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. Sth St. Phene 2828
r^RlNTING Office SUiloncry . , O 1 'X^cddlns InvIUHont phone ■ Book,.Etc.... 2628 CASSEL’S dOSIFERRy
-it-
t
Right Combination is Chesterfield when tfouYe bidJinq /or3dbre Smoking Pleasure By combining (blending together) the right kinds of mild, ripe American and aromatic Turkish tobaccos, Chesterfield brings out all their fine smoking qualities and gives you a cigarette that’s outstanding for mildness... for aroma ... for taste. When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure . , , . why THEY SATISFY
esterfield
the blend that cant be copied ..,the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world's best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 1939, Ltccm & Mylrs Tob.^cco Co.
^ If