FEATURE DESCRIBES Riveters' Rassle; Its Beginning, History
Established 1889
* Anv ODinions?
EDiT COMMENTS | On Student, Faculty \ Opinions Convocation
Volume 56, No. 80
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 23, 1943
Faculty, Students To Attend Convocation Today Fifth Victory Varieties Show Union Holds ^ mundersfandhg rillll yiLlUly YailCllCb *JIIUW Developed Amona Student Body
Will Feature Negro Quartet
Vagabonds, negro quartet who will appear on the fifth Victory Varieties program on Thanksgiving evening in the Music Hall, are recording artists for RCA and have turned out popular waxings for this company. Some of them are “Cornin’ in on a Wing and a Prayer” and “It Can’t Be Wrong.” In addition to this they are heard daily on such radio programs as the Brealffast Club, Club Matinees, Shutter Candy Company program and several other commercial programs. They appeared this summer on the Columbian Park series in Lafayette. They use vocal tricks in their singing such as simulating the sound of a missing motor and creating feelings of anxiety or happiness with their voices. Art Kassel Will Be Featured Featured on the Varieties show will be Art Kassel and his Kassels in the Air. Kassel broadcasts daily over WGN and features as soloists Gloria Hart, Jimmy Featherstone and Earl Randall. Completing the roster of Thursday’s pi'ogram will be: the Four Franks, musical, novelty and dancing act; Joy Addrienne and Hank, duo; Ada Lynne, Hollywood impressionist, singer and dancer; Maurice and Betty Whalen, adagio team; Hubert Dyer and Company, trapeze and swing novelty and comedy act. Show Will Begin at 8 p. m. The Thanksgiving show will start at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall. Admission will be by tickets which may be purchased now at Decker’s, Glatz’s and Loeb’s stores in Lafayette, and at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the cashier’s office, and the musical organization’s office on the West Side. Future Cheerleaders To Tryout For Squad Tomorrow In Gym
FOUR FRANKS, musical, dancing, novelty act, will appear in Varieties
Thanksgiving evening in Music Hall.
Playshop Comedy Will Open Dec, 9 Playshop’s new season will open on December 9 with four performances of Langner’s American comedy, “The Pursuit of Happiness”. Marge Thoms and George Sykes as Prudence Kirkland, a vivacious New England maid, and Max Christmann, a dashing Hessian Grenadier, will play the romantic leads as announced by Carl Cass, di-
Tomorrow at 4 p. m. there will
be a callout for cheerleaders on the -^-aron Kirkland, Allen Don;
rector. The rest of the cast is as follows : Meg, a servant girl, Betty Joan Lynch; Mose, another slave, Marvin Barab; Captain
Col.
the many hilaiious situations “The Pursuit of Happiness.”
Callouts Thursday
Offering students a chance to bet- ■ ter familiarize themselves with the University and many of its extracurricular activities, the Student Union will hold a callout for freshmen and sophomores at 4:15 p. m.
Monday in the Union office.
f During the meeting those interested will learn the numerous functions and duties of the Student Union. Among these activities are the Student Book Exchange, war stamp sales and the backdrops appearing in the ballrooms at the various dances, a number of which are
Union sponsored. Other Jobs Listed
Other jobs include poster making, distribution of information about current campus happenings and the planning of teas And receptions for distinguished guests of the Univer-
sity.
At the end of the sophomore year mdtnbers are eligible to petition for a post on the junior board, the members of which are in charge of the five principal committees—personnel, activities, records, maintenance and publicity. Senior positions are attained in the same man-
ner.
Junior board members are Betty Cantley, Ginny Armstrong, Betty Krudupp, Chic Thompson, Bob Holmes, Rog Samuelson, Dick Hupp and Richard Hasse. Three persons comprise the senior board—John Woolling, Mary Bowlby and Katie Gannon. Penalty Days By special action of the Executive Committee there are three penalty dates during the week of Thanksgiving. They are Wednesday, T^hursday ajid Friday, November 24, 25 and 26, respectively. Any .student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class on any of the above mentioned days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.
Start That Beard
mezzanine floor of the Pieldhouse, according to Jerry Hines, head cheerleader. Former tumbling experience is not necessary; however, it would be helpful. Both eds and coeds are eligible to apply and appointments are made on the basis of
tryouts.
There is need of more cheerleaders because several dropped out or were transferred to active service. All that is really necessary, according to Hines, is enthusiasm, pep and persistence. Hines believes that the
Mortimer Sherwood, Bill Clemons; Comfort Kirkland, Lois Jane Vaughn; Thad Jennings, George Booth; Sons of Liberty, Dale Duffin and Lester Kessler; Rev. Lyman
Banks, Jim Yingst. Written as Satire
The play, written as a social sat-
iie, is an attempt to show something of the problems which any young man oi woman coming fiom Europe to this country might encounter,
whethei in 1776 or in 1943. The delicately handled “bun-
SDX Begins Career Rassle. Starts New
By Ruth Gregory
December is again coming ’round and with it one of the more outstanding of all campus events, the Riveteis’ Rassle, annually spon-
to the affair.
Programs Now Scandal Sheets The programs for the dance were not ready when the charter members of a future Boilermaker brawl
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national rUf,;,. u:ac: t nolrilv when
present squad will form an experi- dling” scene has come to be the journalistic fraternity. To the few '
pnced nucleus on which a larger or
ganization can be built.
Mrs. Gilkey Talks To YWCA State Meeting Saturday Mrs. Charles Gilkey, who is as
most diverting in the comedy, and lemaining gray-beaided seniors on it was part of one oi the questions campus it suggests fond memoiies about Ameiican life that the play of a brawl which consisted of wondeals with. del fill fun in laige amounts, wresBuiulling Explains thug matches and a three-ring ch'-
Today at 4 p. m. all civilian students will be excused from classes to attend a special convocation in the Music Hall. All students and faculty members are urged to attend this convo in order to rectify the misunderstandings which have developed among the students. The Executive Committee of the University will be present, while John Woolling, president of Student Union, will officiate as chairman. The convo will afford an opportunity for students and faculty members to come to a com- —; mon understanding on the pol- ”” ■ rf " ’ 1 icies of the University. All students who wish to particij ' pate in this open discussion are ( ^ asked to sit in the front rows ' - - - of the Hall. ACP Gives Exponent All-American Rating; Top Collegiate Honor Exponent was proclaimed as an All-American college publication with a “superior rating” for last semester by the Associated Collegiate Press. The A. C. P. tried to rate all college newspapers fairly by taking into account the type of. school, method of publication, enrollment of school and frequency of issue. The critics also tried to consider the special problems confronted by each publication. The college newspapers were rated on the effectiveness with which they serve their
individual schools.
A method of assigning points to* certain aspects of the newspapers, such as news writing, headlines or editing was used. The Exponent
VAGABONDS, negro quartet, will perform Thursday before Varieties ^ total of 975 points. Since audience. points were needed for the superior rating, highest of all rat-
ings, the Exponent had a large margin of points to spare. Said an A. C. P. critic of the newspaper: ‘"The Exponent is an exti'emely readable and vigorous paper—a real news
paper.”
Ed Neese Announces Saturday As Deadline For Picture Sign-Ups Students who will graduate from the University in 1944 and have not yet signed up to have their pictures in the Debris may make appointments this week in the Debris office, room 319 of the Union, from 4 to 5:30 every afternoon and from 8 to 12 Saturday morning, Ed Neese, editor of Debris, has announced. Sixth semester juniors are reminded that since they will graduate next November, their senior pictures will be included in the next Debris. Unless those students who are eligible to have their pictures in sign up by Saturday, their pictures cannot be included. Those students who had made appointments to have their pictures taken this week will have their appointments transferred to the same time next week. Debris will send postcards to the students concerned
Josef Meier Heads Cast Of Pasion Play; Features Many Historical Costumes Presentation of the Black Hills Passion Play in the Hall of Music Dec. 2-3 will be one of the events which will come to the campus this year. Josef Meier heads the cast in his portrayal of the Christ. Forty University students, will take part as extras in the production. A University choir of fifty under the direction of Albert P. Stewart,
director of musical organizations, will act as an orchestra.
Of Riveters' Dance Plans
“Exposer,” great-g i eat-g randchild of that first miniature newspaper, had become a scandal sheet which rather viciously and humorously (so it could pass the censoi) exposed every rat, the would-be rats, and try-haid-not-to-be rats on campus. The “Exposer” became a yellow sheet ill the pioper tabloid foim. The Circus of 1941 gave us “stuff”
The producers of the Passion Play have faced a problem of dramatic costuming. The average person has his own preconceived ideas of the personal appearance of characters who are concerned in the life of Christ. The costumes of the characters had to conform to thgse preconceived ideas and still be historically correct. Meier set as his goal costuming that would present each character in recognizable form. Scenes Copied from Old Paintings Pontius Pilate, Simon, Judas and others appear in the play exactly as they have been pictured through the years. Many of the 22 scenes in the play are copied from the paintings of the old masters. One of the most effective is “The Last Supper,” which is set exactly as represented in the famous Da Vinci
painting.
When the play began to attract
the programs did airive, they were unique enough to prevent a mass slaughter of Sigma Delta Chi. Little did anyone dream that the pro-
grams in the form of a miniature queens who had everything from people from greater distances rao^'p reminding them of the time of their newspaper would become in a few beauty to “stuff.” Yum! Cour- and more attention was devoted to appointmentSj
It may be doubted whether the cus all stuffed into one huge packet yg^.g ^j^g scandal sheet, the “Pur- ageous males invaded the dance for- costume. Josef Meier wears the purpose of bundling was to enable which can be modestly called the Exposer,” and still later the getting the hard times motif fdr the traditional white robes which sets Al-L- | hAlla the young couple to be together dance of the year. “Subway Sun.” The first edition pPpulaiity of the more flashy cos- him apart from the crowd. The Aipiia LainDUa Uclld without wasting I fiiewood. Bun- The Riveters’ Rassle has rapidly was a mild little sheet conveying tumes, the revealing Paiis gown, costumes of Mary the Mother are of dling was a practice of the Revo- climbed to fame in the traditions of the purpose of the dance and the Newsboys wore almost suffocated the traditional blue and white. MaCif TmiinM 1 liK
• + u 'tv, It pv,' War days wherein a the University, but it wasn’t until names of the aspiring members of when they appealed at the biawl Admittance by Tickets Only l» I IvCl lOniQlllii I ■ 13
•sociateu with tne chapel at Chi- yp^^g, ia,iy and hei gentleman did 1928 that some brilliant and clever sigma Delta Chi. with the latest scandal sheet bear- Regular convocation tickets will J
cago niveisi y anc is an au 01 their wooing in bed, a centerboaid lad of Sigma Delta Chi attached the gy 1926. however, a brainstorm ing* the ausnicious title of “Police hot be honored for admission to Alpha Lambda Delta, national
post-was leconstiaction, between the two*making the pro- name of Riveters’ Rassle to an or- Uad hit the newsbovs The Gridthe Y. W. C. A. state con- cedure legal. This scene is one of diiiaiy affair known as the Gridiron jegn flash lost its once “unusual
ity on spoke to
ference at Butler University in In
dianapolis on Saturday.
She reminded the girls that as “artisans of peace and Christians the citizens of the United States will have to take a long time view on the problem of reconstruction.” University representatives fi’om Y. W. C. A. were Doris Hahnenstein, Margaret Herd, Dorothy Hendrickson, Ileen Riiigenberg, Dorothy Rosa and Helen French.
Notice
New publishing date.s for Exponent will be Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. —EDITOR
Hop. The nondescript Gridiron hop” flavor. The desire for gaiety title came into being in 1922, when gn a small scale became a mass the SDX boys thought the campus movement which actually inspired needed a supply of holiday spirit, the glamour boys of journalism to
By 1926, however, a brainstorm ing the auspicious title of “Police
Gazette.” this special event.
Big Affair on Campus tickets ^re available at downtown Every brawl which has evolved headquarters in the Fowler Hotel
Sears Will Speak On Post-War China
Dr. Louis Sears of the depart- ^ dance was the most logical thing bigger and better hobo dances'. The the shoit term joes whoso college
fiom the first Riveters’ Rassle has added something spectaculai to the tiadition histoiy of the campus. For
as well as the usual ticket agencies.
ment of history, economics and government will speak at a meeting of the International Relations Club to-
lor gaiety. latest theme was a Pirate Cruise degrees aie obtained in a hectic two The future journalists were far- on the good frigate “Yeller Peril.” and a half years, it is hard to vis•sighted enough to realize that the The common cry in the streets was ualize an era of simple hard times
night at 7:30. His topic will bo dance had to have an unusual flavor “Old rags. Old rags.” Every ed parties. The Rassle has now be“Will China Be One of the Four which could give the necessary spice and coed on campus wanted to ob- come a gigantic affair which has Great Powers After this War?” to set it above all other entertain- tain the treasure in the hold of the everything from “stuff” queens to The meeting will be hold in the ment for the year. Their attempts frigate for being the most rugged prizes for the best beaided giowth hearsals for the lemainder of the
lounge of the University Presby- y^feie most modest. The dance was individual along ragman lines. An and personally autographed sa- week has been aimounced: Wednesteiian Church. An open discussion ''advertised as an “unusual hop,” for old clothes famine was the result, longs. Details and date for the hit- day at 4 p. ni., Passion Play rehear-
will follow Dr. Sears’ talk, 'riie all those who wished to attend had The cruise was such a success that meeting is open to all interested to acquire some mangy looking haid the tiadition was well established, persons. times outfit and actually wear it The boom year was 1938. The
Stewart Announces No Choir Practice Because of the opinions convo to-
day Al Stewart, director of musical organizations, has announced that there will be no choir practice this afternoon at 4. A schedule of re-
Passion Play freshman women's honorary, will
hold its first meeting of the term at 7:15 this evening in the Union. The business of the meeting will be to decide pledging duties and to plan pledging and initiation ceremonies. Pledging will be held within the next two weeks, the pledges being gills who made a 5.25 index for either the winter or summer
terms of 1943.
est Sigma Delta Chi extravaganza will appear in some edition of the
Exponent—and soon!
sal; Purduettes, Thuisday at 4 p. m., and Passion Play lehearsal Fri- adviser day at 4 p. m. adviser
The piesident, Mary Trimble, will
preside. Other officers are Jane Scaitf, vice president; Pat Baur, secretary; Barbara Sanders, treasurer, and Frances Allen, historian. Miss Muiiel McFarland is faculty
and Ruth Ford is junior
/-"%'i \ J n
Piige 2
Purdue Exponent
\ < ^ f A1 Tuesday, November 23, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent'
Offices. Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Business Man&srer Nc'jvs Editor Manajrinfi: Editor SporU Editors
Ellis Murphy Mary Dilte William H Tyson Carobn Wilbur Raymond J Smith, Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Asfiociato Edilor*i Jack Abbott Ruth M Ford Madelyn A Gn tncs James T Rich irdson Marparct Y Sti ffes lames Acl < rm in I rank tieh Phjili Mann Maitln Let RiitKs ScrTicc Staff Moms Better Gabriel Elias I eo Friedman Jack Maitirc Ja\ Newman
Business Staff Advertising Manager C I Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G bauerman
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor C it> Fditor 1
Richardson
Dav Editor Mann Issue Editor Lcderer
Sports Editor P Garber
Reporters Bavnes Riebaielson De nhtim Coetr Gaiiett Brhel Geergesen Krc M Strffes Kislncr liisbiiii, \ irgai
Brooks Sti et r Ik li nil Gregory btaff Photographer W C Tollicr
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act ot Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 acl of October 3 lOl" authorized January 20 1922 Publishee’ on Tuesdav Thuisday and S iturday mornings dnr ing the year except certain vacation periods Delivered daily by carrier for 5.1 2 i for a semcstei hs mail for $1 CO for a Bcmes^vir biihscriptions may he obtained at the Exponent office eir^t^^e W st Desk of the Union ReprescrtcSMcr i ational advertising by National Advertising Seiv ce 1 r 11 ge Publishers Representatives, 429 Madison Avc New York N Y
niie msiWTOH Tm fteq U S OH MERRY-@0-ROUMD
Democracy At Work
By DREW PEARSON Doctor Shortage Bill Meets Opposition; ispii Too Much For Argeaitina Government WASHINGTON—The U S Public Health Set vice 13 having el tough time peisuading the Senate to ap piopiiate $1 000 000 ioi the le location of doctois to aiea« viheie medical seivices aic despoiately shoit Seniloi Kenneth McKellai of Tennessee chan man ot a Senate Appiopilations sub committee consideimg the bill lelt no i,loiibts about his position duimg a le cent closed dooi healing When two hsted voting Semtoi Claude Pcppoi of rioiida wax attempting to explain how the million dollais was to be used m placing 000 ptnsicians and del lists in aic is vhcie theie was in extieme shoitage, Scnatoi Hu i Holman ol Oiegon bioke m ‘Vt ill the Senator tell n if the matter ot socialized nieoicine cute 5 at alP” Pepper replice ' i Iheie wcie apt to be epidemics in certain scctiolia unless the Pedeial Government stepped in He tiuoted letters and telegrams from Doctor James Paullin ol Vtlanta Georgia piesuient of the 4meiican Medical \s=ociation Surgeon-Gen cial N 01 man f Kiik ot the -^rmj, and Dr Piaiik Lahej of the War Manpowci Commissions procure ment and assignment seiMce indorsing the proposed appropriation Oregon’s Holman seemed to be satisfied with the explanation’, but ’J ennessee’s McKellar was tar from convinced “This IS socialized medicine ’ he exclaimed wroth ih, and I wont appiove it Why have you waited until this late stage to trj to put over something like this’” ‘W c’lc not tiying to put anything ovei, ’ shot back Pcppei The House Appiopiiations Committee ap pioved the idea oi doctor lelocation six months ago, and eyeiybody including the Ameiican Medical Asso ciation, seems to be agieed that it is necessaiy if we aie to pievcnt some of the disease epidemics that occui red din mg the last wai ” Well Im going to give it serious consideration before I appiove it ’ responded McKellar Scnatoi Overton oi Louisiana supported McKellai Envoy's Reward Argentina s ex Ambassador Espil is being rewarded loi his long vcais ol service m Washington by being sti piped ol his iicnsion ousted from the diplomatic se Mce and ‘investigated” bj the military fascists now running his country They contend he was too pro American Pspil, called the modern Jusserand of Washing ton ’, had served more than 30 veais in the Argentine diplomatic service—twenty ol them here at vaiious times lie has an American wife the foimer Courtney I etts of Chicago \lthough pro \menean, he was also a fighter for his country’s economic and political rights—before Pearl Haibor After Pearl Haibor however, he could not help but &vmpathi2e with the L fe 4 and frowned on his countiy’s iso lation So ju t a few months before he would have been rctn cd on jrension his gov ci nment ousted him Never paid much ol a alaiy ind with no independent means, LsgJil will be virtu iHv pciniilc'-s Capit'al Chaff ( liicf reason why the Dul c and Duchess ol Windsoi st lycd out ol Nassiu dunrig the Maiigny trial wis betause they knew they would Ire deluged wrth rc (liKstj for intcrvrcvs by U S newsmen and sob sis tcis forthright Congressman Lstes Kegauvei, th( young ( or dell Hull of Tennessee has introduced one of the most irnjroitant resolutions of the current sts'-ion It would require Cabinet members to lace tn hour or two ol grilling from C ongicss once or twice a wfik in oidri that Congress may know wliat the ixccutivc arm ol the CjO\cinmcnt is doing Dm 111,'’ the Bill Bullitt may or ally campaign in Philadel phi I licjniblicaii rttaik'- on his sexy book, ‘It Isn’t Doiif got ■,() bid that Congressman Jim McGianeiy went to C ridinai Dougherty to inquire about a rumor Ih B flu Catholic Churih would denounce the hook Ihc C iidiiial good natuicdly rcirlicd ‘fell Mr Bill litt to lau„h it oil When Sccrttaiy Hull wiites his own xjickIicj, Ih doc- an A 1 job But when he 1< ts his gho t wiiii 1 I CO P islovsky operate, he docs not Inflation Kldel Statesman Lcinai'd M Baiiuh di livers an tin advertised Iceiuit on mllation every nioining to fellow passiiigeis of a ‘ trool” taxicab which he takes to his
This evening at 4 p m civilian students will have an opportunity to give their opinions directly to the administrative authorities of the Univei sity The opportunity is fust one of the things that point out that democracy is still around in spite of what some people may be saying At the Opinions convocation, fust anything and everything which any student cares to ask about will be discussed by a University authority who comes closest to knowing the answer Through an intermediary, in the person of John Woolling, president of the Student Union, three administrative offipers, President E C Elliott, Professor F C Hockema, Executive Dean, and Mr Vallely, manager of the Union, will be introduced Woolling will then put two or three questions which aie uppermost in his mind to the officials and after these questions have been answered he will ask questions for the student body Each question will be directed to the gentleman whom he thinks is most qualified to answer it If the questions which are asked can be answered with one woid, they will be answered that way If an explanation is asked for, or is necessary, it will be given All students m the University are invited to attend the convo and listen, at least Any civilian student who does not attend is really shirking a duty to himself, for the questions which will be answered at the convo will undoubtedly be questions which are in the minds of most students Over and above the fact that attending this convo will bring a personal satisfaction in having questions answered, each student should lemember that the right to hold an Opinions convo ot this type is one of the things being fought foi on battlefields throughout the world. To stay away, with an attitude of indifference, would indicate that a person is more or less indifferent to the whole of democracy, and lacking in his appreciation ot the rights he possesses, and therefoie does not deserve to hav^e such lights
GRIN ANp BEAR IT
ByLidlly
Just Looking Ar9gh4
By Jack Abbett
General Douglas MacArthur should take a few lessons ftom Frank Leahy when it comes to crying about the ineffectiveness of his fighting forces in the South Pacific, for Leahy has been weeping before every game this season with the fear that Ills great Irish team was liable to be disgraced, because it wins a football game by less than four touchdowns. MacArthur has been visiting the wailing wkTfl
Personnel I^otes
a great deal lately to tell the world that he is getting only fiye per cent of the military
Companies scheduled to visit the gupplies shipped out of the
campus s
Fairbanks, Morse & Co, Beloit, Wisconsin—Date to be announced Interested in M E , E E Garfield Division of HoudailleHershey Corporation, Decatui, 111
United States, but his forces contmufe to push ahead, hoWeVer, without the othei 46 pel cent Of thb militaiy supplies Many of thfe m^fi in high positrons Iji WdshihgtOti seem to lapse into blissful slumbei
“Hmm—late agam, Buskiik, eh’ Well, we’re always glad to see our employees exhibit a little independence and rugged individualism ”
—Date to be announced Interested MacAithur’s foices contmfle to in Ch E, MetE move fiom victoiy to victoryi ahd RCA, C&inden, N J —Decembei fad to push foi the needed supplies 4—Inteiested m E E , M E , physi- that seem toolishly waateif of!''a cists, P S E , Chemists (B S , MS, winning battle fiont MacAithur Ph D ), Ch E might like to wail, bift his main inThe Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, terest is getting back on Bataan Okla—December 9 In'tetested in and levenging his men that fell EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemists theie because of oui unprepaied(B S , M iS , Ph D ) ness He might eventually get his Fedei al Telephone and Radio Cor- supplies but he will have to do a
poration, E Newark, N J —Date to moie wailing
be announced Inteiested in chem- The Geinians still have a lot of ists, E E , P S E , M E , physicists punch left in then fighting aim
University Calendar
This was witnessed by the Nazi's These companies are not schedof Leio The British middle east-
uled to visit the campus, however, they aie interested in students for
employment
6 30 P M 6 30 PM 7 00 P M 7 15 PM 7 SOP M 8 OOP M 8 00 P M
Tuesday, November 23
Room 263,
Old Chestnut Room,
Room 212, Room 261, Room 363, Room 355,
East Faculty Lge,
All Day 9 00 A M 7 00 P M
office in the Gailton Hotel I The fare per passenger is 30 cents, but “Bernie” always slips the driver a dollar bill. The other morning, one of his taxicab lilends challenged this $1 tip “You have spent twenty minutes lectin mg to us about inflation, Mi Baruch,” he said, “yet you have just paid this driver one dollar for a SO cent iide How do you explain that''” Baruch gunned The taxicab diivei, howevei, saw no humoi in the situation He tossed one of his dullest looks at Baiueh’s tiiend Merry-Go-Round Leon Henderson is now making $75,000—seven times as much as when he was Czar ot OPA British censorship in Cairo tried to stop the story, but piodemocratie Gieek soldiers stationed in Syria expelled 190 Greek officers because those officers were iiropagandizing in lavoi of unpopular, unwanted King George of Greece Mexico’s special Ambassador Francisco del Rio has succeeded in getting some corn from the IJ S to relieve desperate shoitages below the Rio Grande Ihe German ladio is telling Latin America that U S food production has fallen down, and that North America is draining food from its Good Neighbors The Army sends butter to the tropics in the form of “Carter’s spread”, which is 86 percent buttci, plus hydiogenated cotton seed oil and glyceiiiie (a stabilizer) It mil not melt undei 120 degrees Dashing Seiiatoi Bob Reynolds of North Caiolina has sprouted a ‘feather duster ’ on his upper lip He twirls it while meditating on Senate debate or observing the ladies in the galleiies A reporter leviewing the histoiic fight over the President’s Supreme Court reform bill recently asked witty ex-Sena-toi Ashurst of Arizona how he had stood on the bill Replied Ashurst who i\as chairman of the Judi Clary Committee at that time, ‘Son it you ever find out how I stood on that bill, let me know ” Uncle Shylock? Hottest question undei discussion at the Atlantic City Rebel Conference is—Who pays the relief bill' Theie IS no dispute about the quality of mercy, but some think it blesses him that takes nioie than him that gives In shoit most of the foicign delegates aie Milling to pledge pioducts of all kinds liom then countiies loi relief of the oppressed people of Europe provided those pioducts may be sold, not given away But the United States thinks theie should be some bountiful giving, as a pump priming opeiation to get the vvai torn countiies back into pioduetion Uncle Shylock IS willing to be Uncle Bountiful but he does not want to stand entiiely alone The Senator From Kansas Congressman Frank ( ‘Ruml Plan”) Carlson of Concordia, Kansas, is holding his peace but watching the voting record of venerable Senator Clyde Reed. In one vote aftei anothei Reed has stood up to he counted among tlie icactionaiies This makes a beautilul open ing lor a Republican with a more libeial leeoid to chal lengc Reed foi his seat in the Senate Latest bleak ot this kind was when Reed voted against the bill to provide fedei al aid foi schools Kansas teachers piomptlty legisteicd disappioval Reed has alieady incmied the wiath of Kansas laboi by his anti union campaign loi goveinoi two yeais ago
All Day 4 00 P M
All Day 7 00 P M 7 30 P M
Alpha Kappa Lambda Meeting Si^ma Alpha Epsilon Meeting Pi Kappa Phi Meeting Alpha Lambda Delta Meeting
Glidei Club
Graduate Dames Candidates Graduate Dames Initiation
Wednesday, November 24
Penalty Day
Spanish Class Room 303, Phi Kappa Psi Meeting Room 303, Thursday, November .25 Thanksgiving Day
Penalty Day
Committee on State of the Univeisity Room 263, Friday, November 26
Penalty Day
Service Show (service men only)
PIA Dance
Union Union Union Union Union Union Union
ein foices probably didn’t expect the Germans to show up m such
, , ^ strength, but with this untimely apTaylor Instrument Companies, gj.tish aie left with
„ J no Illusions as to the sti.king power
S q pfnv of the Germans in the Balkans the ^ ' Biitish foices may retake the two Corning Glass Works, Coining, N jgiands the Nazis have captured, Y—Inteiested in M E, Ch E Sign they will piobably wait until by November 24 the time comes for an invasion of
Socony-Vacuum Oil Company, the Balkans
New York—Inteiested in E E, geo-
Wion Union
Union
Hall of Music
E Faculty Lounge, Union
physicists, geologists Sign by November 30 The B F Godrich Co, Akron, 0 Inteiested in time study engineers Sign by Novembei 24 Ashland Oil & Refining Company, Ashland, Kentucky—Interested in Ch E , ME, chemists Sign by No vembei 27 Libby, McNe 11 & Libby, Chicago, 111 —Inteiested in M E Sign by November 24
WBAA Schedule
Notices
Chem 3 4 23 The condition exam will be jriven Saturday Novcmbci 27 at 1 p m in loom 23 (f the Chem Annex Nobody ad mitted without card piopcily approved in advance PFARCE
Independent Students PIA office is open oveiy afternoon from 4 to 5 p m for those who wish to piocure membershipH —PKRILLE
Exponent Staff Iheic will be a mectinq; of all Assoeiatt Editois at 0 SO p m Tuesday Novembei 23 in the Exponent { ffieo Be theu so that the plans cm be made before the mass meeting of all woikdt. VtGH
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches puns lugpape typewriters Alberts loan Ofliee 40 Columbia
Dolphin Meeting of actives Tuesday No \ember 23 at 6 lo p m ii rrom 104 of the Fieldhouse Plans foi show and for initia tion will be discussed MURPHY
ASME Open meeting Wednesday Novcm her 21 at 30 p m in room 108 M E building Color sound films will be shown —WORMSER
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C P Eborshoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779
International Relations Club The meet ing of Tuesday evening November 23 will have as its discussion leader Di Sears of the history department Ihe meeting begins it 30 in th( I )unge f the UnivePsity Presbyterian Church CARRETl
Exponent Workers Following people please repeit foi beat meeting at 5 p m Wcdicsday Nov I in the Exponent ofTice Tavenoi Yargai lagliarulo Richardson Tiusburg Bird Gregoij Coetz FORD
Wanted—Coed laundry Call 10‘'82
Lost—Log L( g Vect r Slide Rile in ink Schoniovei Reward $10 00 81 54
N imc PhoiK
Kappa Delta Pi All these who iwe me ncy bring to office in Fducation Building by lucsdiy of next week —ANDREW
Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting to be hel 1 1 the Old Chestnut Roe m f the Ur ion ues 1 ly at f 10 Please be prompt • JONI S
ASME Members Iwo films )n the develop ment of Seuth Ameiica will b shown at the ASME meeting Wednesday Nov 21 at 30 p m ir r om 108 Mtchanical rngineturg ouil ling Ihe public is invited GAI IAlIN
Found—I eather zippti coin puist Fc building Ineiuirt at Home Fe
n H<i ffiee
Wanted to Rent—G uage
Robert Shoemaker Co E Union building
All Students Ihosc who hive not jo ceived their August 1J43 Debris j ku e c ill foi yovn copy it e ncc NLLSL
Students in Aero Courses Orgini/ation meeting f Institute of Aero Sciences will c hel! Fuesdiy Ne \ 21 it 7 SO p m in le m 108 Mechanic il Enginceiing buildiig M vies ml elect jn f efficer —PLISKk
Ceres
Delta Tau Delta: All Delts in the armed forces stalioneel i the campus are inv te I to diop over it th house oi cill 1021 in the ntai fit ic so i get together i utv enn he plmned THANKS
Kappa Sigma Mcotmj. Tue^s lay Nov in loom 310 of the Unior it 10 i m —KENNEDY
agiicultuidl honoidiy will hold a called meeting on Mednes day, Novembei 24, at 7 30 iii the Union for the purpose of voting in new membeis
Tuesday Wednesday 10 10—News News 10 46—Smile Time—Smile Time 11 00—Music Music 11 50—Purdue News—Purduo News 11 56—News—News 12 00—Parm Forum Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the Band —Me»et the Band 12 ''6—News News 1 00—Homemakers Club—HomemkkCrS Club 1 la Music—Music 1 30 Adventuies in Research—Parents 1 oium 1 4o Markets—Maikcts 1 ot>— News—News ^ 00 Story a Day —Story a Day 2 16—Music—Treasury Star Paiade 2 30—Tieusuie Chest—Music 2 6—News News 3 00—Aftei noon Melodies—lee and her piano 3 Id—V(iee f the Undergiound —Lest We !•( igfct I 0—Musical Varieties—Musical Varieties i )5—News—News 4 00 Ten Time luncB—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax— Just Relax 1 5o News News 00—I ittle Miss Mufiett Little MIfls Miif
fett
> 15 Music Music •> 10 Vespers Vespers 45 Music—Spirts Review 6 00—Minute of Piayei—Minute of Prayei I 01 Dinnei Houi Dinner Horn .J i 0—News News X 00—Chinese Storus—Chinese Stones ^15 South Amciiean Way Plans for
Peace
10 Ruth R listen bingei I Repoit tj thi Ptiile Music ^ News News 5 00—Avard Mitchell pianist Selentlfifi
News
Paiadt f Busine s Ld Mcmmei
pi mist
from th( Piess Box Music -Mubie Eventide Echoes News— News Musieana- Musi ana Th R ) 111 t) 1 uu Anything But
Swing
) r Ntws Nivvs 10 00 Off the Air Off the Air
8 K
8 30
8 4r-
8 55
0 10-
Fxponent Mass meeting of nil stiffs on riiui d ly Novimliei it 1 I p m MURPHY
Exponent Day Editors Meeting will be held at 1 p m Wednesdiy Nov 24 in the
TYSON
Pistol Team Tryouts: The following students are invited to try out for the pistol team on Tuesday, November 23, at 5 p. m. on the Armory range: H. B. Bryan, R. C. Don, L. H. Earl, A. F. Garner, J R. Gratza, H. W. Grube, W. J. Haeger, E. N. Jacobs, L. E. Leatley, G. A. Lottes, W. J. Lutz, C. R. McClelland, C. E. Nichols, J. H. Nooter, E. I. Parker, E. V. Thomas, R. S. Weddell, R. L. Winchell, C. J. Winkler. MILITARY DEPARMENT
SCA Clised beni 1 meeting Tuesdny Nov it 10 ! n II th SOA ffice It is 1} itant th t II b ird mcmbeis b then BR\ANl
Pi Knppn Phi M etmg T lesdav Nov 23 t ! m in 1 m 21-> <1 the Union CRAVEN
Christian Science Organization Regul ii leeting will be hell Tuesday Nov mbei 21 t ^ 30 p m 11 th I )vv i of the Ui ion —SCHWANDT
Kappn Delta Rho M eting will be held in th Fit Fieilty lounge of the Unun it 6 10 f m W( Incsdiy Nov 24 All le lives ind pledges must bo present JOHNSON
Alpha lambda Delta Mectiiv en lues day evening Nov 2^ in lo m 261 e f the X-lnion —MINER
Alpha Zeta Meeting her 23 at '"pm in loo I kction of ch mee 11 i issue
n 1 uesd ly No\cm n ^5) ot the Union will b th m in RUI F
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Thel I Alpha Phi Meeti g ef lelives an 1 pledges Tuesday N vemhei 23 at f 4 in the C ifetcii i DLI ONG
Alpha Lambda Delta Compul oiy meeting Tuesday Nevembei 2i at " 1 > p m innem 261 of the Union MINI R
Ceres All members uiged to ittend meet mg on Wednesday Nivcmbei 24 at ^ p m in r om 261 I th Unien Pledges will b hflected at this time RUI L
SsJWXXSL SPupSA.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Richard L Neal former student of the University, is taking his basic flight training at the Bainbndge (Geoigia) Army Air hitld He entered the An Coitts in December, 1942, at which time ire was enrolled jn the Unrveisity
WILLIAM BOYD m “COLT COMRADES” — and — RICHARD DIX m “EYES OF THE UNDERWORLD” wrtlr Wendy Bair re Don Porter Lon Chaney — ALSO — “THE BATMAN” Chapter 9
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
vMamewRy!
Preston FOSTER-Lloyd NOLAN WiIImoiBENOIX.' AnthenyQOINN Olr«ct«d LEWIS SEIIIR Produced by eRYAN P6Y Aiioclat* Productr iSLIN AUSTER seiiA Ploy by LaiAa T olll Adoplofidn by ry Cfl^
LUHA
TODAY and TOMORROW
With CHAkLES WlNNINfiEH rVELVN ANIEBS GDS SCHIIIIH9 NELIA WALKER LUDWIG STOSSEL
il GWYHNE MoRh BEERY, Jr Diana BARRYMORE LEO CARRILLfl AHOY DEVINE
THRU SATURDAY
YOUR FAVORITES TOGETHER AGAIN, ^
TOPPING ALL THEIR PAST HITS'
'' Jiii>
cm
GIL STRATTON ROBT I sihiukuwd ^
“RAGS” RAGLAND JUNE ALLYSON '’<0 b)
rff NANCY WALKER GUY KIBBEE TOMMY DORSEY MO HIS OBCHtSm^ J, ^ ,
>
^ 1"Army\ Maxme News
Pqr Servide Men^ JBy Service
{ ,
Army Pt&ces ASfP Grads • 1 \. •■•.' ■' i> Im,!- .V I ■‘■r .■• ' ^., ^4 5, > ^,,,1 ,g ( ; ipf Personnel Psychology
Business As Usual; Services To Observe
More than 300 graduates of the ASTP course in personnel psychology haV’e been placed in testing and classification programs following completion of theit college work, the Army S'peciali^ed Training division announces in its November bulletin 'in reviewing disposition of the first substantial group io finish their curricula. ^,,'1- ■'—a-i
The bulletin also indicates that certain revisions have been made in various courses.
ing its experience with ASTP grad-
uates, the bulletin notes.
It also reports that good use has been made to meet the Army’s need
Of the psychology graduates for linguists from among term 9L placed, two hundred were as- Area and Language field, filled on'October 30 to the Army expected that additional de-
Ail' Forces Medical and Psycholog-
ical Examining Unit. They receive
among the thousands of men now
the grade pf lirte sergeants and will
S-em to process aviation students Vary m Future
at basic training centers under the Indicating that assignment to
AAV policy to screen fOr aptitudes
afid ikualifidations at an early stage doubtedly continue widely varied in in training. More than 100 other bulletiti points out that psych graduates are being assigned given responsible as-
to ASF units conducting a classifi- ^ignments overseas,
dfilion survey of that entire force. cautions that ASTP should not
A * X Tbe regarded as a sure road to a comOther Assignments m , , . , . , „ mission, although a number of men
_ Also reported are assignments of
civil engineers, chemists, chemical
engineers, mechanical
and architects to the Corps of En
On the other hand, it points out
engin^is ^j.^inees should realize that
their chances for advancement will
giiieers, and some assignments to , ..i i, , u j- n f, . . . „ j A “G gi'eatly enhanced by successfully
the Armv Air ForceR arif) the Arrnv , , .
completing their courses and performance in subsequent assign-
the Army Air Forces and the Army Ground Forces on completion of
BE-1.
"A number of graduates have been dssigned directly to OCS, the bulletin reports. Among these are a small group completing w'ork in
ments.
Their success will depend entirely on their performance, ability, availability of non-commissioned
i. „ T,r ■ rr. , I'atings uiid vacancies in OCS, it is
term 7, Marine Transportation. Some students completing term 7, Sanitary Engineering, and others completing 9-A, have been assigned to OCS under the Corps of Engi-
neers.
Number Assigned to 7
A certaih number of 9A men, with proper qualifications, are to be assigned to term 7, Sanitary Engineering. The upper 50 per cent of the class in the latter subject will be assigned to tei'in 8, and at thg end of that term to the Medical Administrative OCS. The balance of'men completing term 7 will be assigned to the Corps of Engineers, with "excellent prospect of assignment later to the Corps of Engi-
neers bcs.”
The Sanitary Corps has increased its demand nearly fourfold follow-
ASME To Present South American Films Tomorrow Two sound films in color on South America, with Julian Bryan serving as commentator, will be shown at an open meeting of ASME tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. One of the films, “Our Neighbois Down the Road,” depicts the construction, maintenance and scenery along the Pan-American highway, while “Venezuela Moves Ahead” shows the development of the oil
fields in that country.
Try An Exponent Classified!
Meet Me at the PURDUE UIVIDIV West Lounite We can have dinner at the llninn Cafeteria, then visit the Brnivsing Room or Bnwling Alleys. There’s always something doing at the JhsL fiwvdun. TybmsfiiqL TAmotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Congress Sets Officer Gredes For Marines As of November 1 Marine grades of chief marine gunner, chief quartermaster clerk, chief pay clerk, -marine gunner, quartermaster clerk and pay clerk were leplat^ed by the grades of commissioned warrant officer and warrant officer. Approved October 21, the new Warrant grades were authorized by an act df Congress. All Marine Corps personnel in the previous commissioned warrant and warrant grades were automatically transferred to the new ranks the first of
this month.
The commissioned warrant and warrant officers will remain in their previous specialties and retain their present insignia of rank. Service Men, Civilians May Apply Tomorrow For Senate Positions Service men and civilians may petition for positions as representatives in the Student Senate elections Monday. Petitions may be obtained in room 360 of the Union for a fee of $1 and must be returned with 50 signatures" by 5 p. m. on
Thursday.
The activity provides piactical experience in office work, m organization of large campus activities and provides the opportunity to meet many students and faculty
members.
The Coed Canteen which was operated during the intersession was a Senate project. Others include the campus touring service, lost and found bureau and revival of campus traditions. Further information may be obtained by contacting Mitzi Konicek, chairman of Senate publicity.
New Field .bdcet Tops List
HoiidayWiihTuikey III Chanoes Fov Service Men
Kappa Beta
. . . Christian Foundation honorary, will meet at the home of Mrs. Frank King this evening at 6 o’clock for dinner. All freshman girls who have expressed the Christian Church as their ’’church prefeience have been invited to come. Following dinner members of the piesent group will present a short piogram.
By Pfc. Morris Belter While a typical Thanksgiving Day dinner has been pi^epared for service men at the University, this will be the only recognized observance of the holiday hereabouts. In accordance with a War Department order which will keep service men at all posts and stations busy at their respective duties, all Army men on the campus will attend Chow, Thanksgiving Day November 25, 1943 Roast Turkey and Dressing Cranberry Sauce Mashed. Potatoes and Gravy Buttered Peas Tomato and Head Lettuce Salad M'ith Thousand Island Dressing Celery - Assorted Pickles Hot Rolls, Butter Pumpkin Pie Apples, Grapes, Candies, Nuts
Coffee
classes on November 26. Study houis, too, on Thanksgiving eve and Thanksgiving night will be strictly complied with. The only deviation from this ruling will apply to men who attend the performance of Victory Varieties Thursday night. The realization that men in civilian life and at the battle fronts are taking no time off in the task of hastening the day of victoiy and that this contribution to the all-out effort is small indeed has manifested itself in the good-natured and non-complaining way that the news of “business as usual” has been received by service men and civilian students alike. If you do need solace and comfort, cast an eye at the Thanksgiving ' dinner menu which has been announced by Mr. L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union—and no ration points are required. Chinese News, Story Programs Begin Chinese Student’s Club of the Univeisity is sponsoiing a series of piograms, “Chinese Epic Stories,” told by “Mei San,” Monday through Fiiday at 7 p. m. Another program sponsored by the club, “Answers, N«ws and Comments,” will be presented weekly Thursday at 7:15 beginning this week. Questions from the radio audience conceining China will be discussed and comments on the latest news fiom China and the Pacific will be given. G .B. Williams will piesent a third prog 1 am, “Today’s China,” each Friday at 7:45 p. m.
M£N IN SERViaPROTECr YOUR TRAVEL CASH
Travel money is safe from loss or theft when you carry AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES. Your money is always in readily spendable form, and if lost or stolen, you receive a prompt refund. Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 75(1 for each $100. Miriimum cost 40ji for $10 to $50. tor sale at banks and Railway Express Offices. '
Enlisted Men To Receive 3 Commissions Automatic commissions have been awarded to three enlisted men from the naval training school here at the University. Former Chief H. M. Alexander has been made an officer in the rank of lieutenant (j.g.), while Chiefs J. O, Whiting and Charles Glenn have received notification of their promotions but the exact grade has not been announced. Alexander is a former basketball coach from the Will Rogers High School in Tulsa, Okla.; Glenn was a physical education specialist in Philadelphia, while Whiting was in the lumber business in West Virginia. All three men will be sent to indoctrination school and upon graduation will be assigned to active duty, probably sea duty, according to Lt. (j.g.) Sommers. Curtiss-W right To Inaugurate New Progam Early in 1944 the Curtiss-Wright Corporation is planning to begin a second engineering cadette program. The course will consist of two consecutive semesters of approximately five months each, with class time totaling about 40 hours per week. Cadette salaries will be $10 per week with tuition, room and boai’d furnished by the corporation. Books and equipment must be purchased by the cadettes. At the end of three months of training the cost of transportation from their homes to the college will be paid by the corporation. After successful completion of the course and transfer to an engineering position in the plant, the salary will be between $130 and $150 per month. Requirements Listed Requirements for entering the cadette training are that one must be 18 years or over and have completed mathematics through to advanced algebra, and have completed at least a part of her sophomore year in college. College mathematics and a year of college or high school physics are desirable but not required. Miss Ruth Moriison, who is supervisor of the current progiam on the campus, will be glad to arrange appointments for November 29 and 30 and December 1. Application forms and arrangements for an interview can be acquired by writing or going in person to the Placement Service for Women Office, Final selection will be made on the basis of scholastic record, recommendation of the college attended, results of mathematical aptitude tests and the interview.
Development of a new field .jacket, soon to go on the issue list, is announced by the War Department as a development frortl experience derived with older models on the fighting ffont and from sources in private indu.stry. I To be known as the M-1943 model, it is radically different from any model in current use, according to the Ft. Wood l^ews. It is described as having a nirie
ounce water repellent and water resistant outer shell of cotton sateen, with the reversed side out, to increase its wearing qualities. The wool lining is replaced by a five ounce poplin
lining.
Buttons Covered
All buttons will be covered with flaps to prevent catching on ob-
AST To Attend Film Depicting Historical Russian Struggles “The Battle of Russia,” the fifth film in the series entitled “Why We
Fight” made by the Special Service jg^^s or brush duidng fidd” work. Divsion of the ASF, will be shown ^he inside of the jacket is fitted to ASTU personnel on the campus a cord, permitting it to be
this afternoon at Eliza Fowler Hall,
Considered by many as the best out cold. The slide fastener is elimin the series, the film, supervised by inated and the slit pockets are reCol. Frank Capra, has been molded placed by four large flap pockets into a gripping story which tells the capable of carrying a good deal of heroic struggle of the Russians to the soldier’s equipment. The jacket save their country from invasion, ig slightly heavier than the present dating back for 700 years. His- one and is expected to give intorical facts are hastily sketched to creased protection in all kinds of form a working background for the weather,
present war. The musical score uses excerpts from the works of famous Russian composers and
present Soviet war songs.
The showing will start at 1750 and run for 85 minutes. Attend-
ance is optional.
Dean Glenn Jenkins Lists Scholarships . In Pharmacy School
New Shoes . . .
That other Army inside-outer, the new type shoes, with the smooth leather siuface, is now being issued at many camps and is being favor-
ably received.
jeep Sales . . .
Under the terms of a bill recently introduced in Congi’ess, service men wishing to buy jeeps or other military equipment to be disposed of after the war will get first crack at them—after the war—the Camp Livingston Communique reports.
Undergraduate scholarships in Applications for preferential rights pharmacy have been established by would be made by all GI’s interfive companies to stimulate interest ested ,and, according to the bill, the in that profession according to Dean price would be figured on the basis Glenn L. Jenkins of the School of of 25 per cent a year depreciation. Pharmacy. The Hook Diug Com- with an additional discount if the pany of Indianapolis gave five schol- pui chase was made in war bonds,
arship units of $162 each; the Ford- a ji
Hopkins Drug Company of Chicago, ■^■>OW3llC6 ... Walgreen Drug Company, radio A very intriguing development is station WLW, the Meyer Brothers leported by the University of WisDrug Company of Fort Wayne and ^onsin Naral Unit s Badger
the World’s Products Company each
gave one unit of $162. Scholarships are awaided to either resident or non-iesident graduates of high schools in amounts of $54 for any single term, subject to renewal if the .student attains a satisfactoiy scholastic record. Scholarships are also awarded on the basis of need. Interested students should consult their high
News in the form of a quarterly allowance of $12.50 recently authorized by the Navy for cleaning and repairing uniforms, to be paid in cash to WAVES, SPARS and Ma-
rine Women.
Civil Service . . . Army and Navy men interested in civil service careers after the war may be considerably aided by a recent presidential executive order
school principal or wiite to the di- amending eailier orders prohibiting vision of Educational reference of government employees from inthe University. structing applicants for civil Servl ' ' ' ice positions, according to the Ft.
Five universities are cooperating Eustis Sky Watch.
in this training, and cadettes may be assigned to the schools which they have already attended if their homes are not in the same town. Other opportunities for training or employment with General Motors
While repeating the previous instructions, the order waives them “in the training and testing of disabled members or former members of the armed services of the United States or in the conduct of educa-
AMIRICAN EXPRESS travelers CREdUES
I
DQn’tlo^eimportan^ Mpersonal papers KEEP THEM HANDY IN THE NEW @^WAR CHEST ^The greatest personal time-saver we ever had”— say housewives of the new War Chest; “There are folders for everything—and it’s so handy for receipts, ration books, war .•Damps and bond records, paid bilb, a«d even recipes. And these popular chests madte the grandeil bridge prizes 1*^
BROWN
BLUE GRAY
$159
COMPLETE
!AN IDEAL GIFT FOR ANY OCCASION PHONE AND MAIL ORDERS FILLED Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Corporation of Detroit and Wright tlonal or training programs open Field Aircraft Radio Laboratory, exclusively to members or former Dayton, can be obtained by asking members of the armed foi'ces.” for further information at the 1'I‘® Civil Service Commission in Placement Service. Washington has set up a special ——— section for the utilization and employment of war veterans.
Shorts . . .
Shorts: To help make an effective aircraft identification show for troops at Camp Carson, the Third Air Force sent over dozens of different models of friendly fighters and bombeis in a recent three-hour open air show. Many thousands of Carson men were able to attend the big “class.” . . . The WACS are making a special campaign for AIRWACs, to be assigned directly to the Air Corps for training and eaily placement in specialized jobs there. Previously WACs started on a general service basis. ... A recently developed project at Selman Field is a war loom dressed with maps, charts and accounts of day to day progiess m the war. Theaters of operation aie shown by huge wall maps, and model tanks and plans of all types are shown. . . . One of the latest and toughest infiltration courses in the business was set up lecently at Ft. Grant.
VfikSUMGTON MERRY-^0- ROUND The leaders and the peoples ot the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance ot Washington news and its bewildering mass make it ot special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. 1 column is Drew Pearsen's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look tor it
in the
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tau Beta Pi
. . . all-engiiieering honorary, announces the initiation of the following men: B’orrest G. Day, William Hames, Walter J. Hesse, Oscar A. Jeude, John H. Juengst, John/E. Loufek, Paul W, A. Oberreutei, Cainien V. Thomas, Robert G. Young, Janies A. Green, Robert E. Gwinn, Gerhard Lunger, Elbert H. Neese, John J. Neeson, Edward G. Pita and Paul C, Ztnola. ^ %mf-
Ptt^i
Eollermaleer Bfforis
Tuesday, November 23, 1943
Reorganized Ward
, . Basketball Resumes Selection At Banquet CompetitionHov.30
'Most Valuable Player'
Grandstand Echoes By Ray Smith
Reamers Will Sponsor First Intra-Squad Tilt
DETERMINED PLAYING GAVE RIVETERS VICTORY
Well, the thing that we have been waiting; for the past four years hap- ^ ^ ^ , * .1 -,t 1 ^ penecl Saturday, and it needs no further explanation to Boilermaker foot- On Saturday, December 4, the V-12'memb ^0
xTjj>xjr 1 j jt 1J.-J ball fans. It took some breaks and a little luck to beat the Indiana eleven, ball team will meet the members of last years varsity and Undefeated and untied, the Riveter football squad earned in order for mdep^dent students important factor that brought victory to the .Riveters was frosh squads, augmented by the addition of several civilians, a share of the Big Ten championship as it regained the Old have a chance participate m determined-to-win football playing by the Purdue gridders intra-squad game of the geason. This game
as they spent^a large part of the final period lined-up on their own goal sponsored by the Reamer Club to replace the annual
- frosh-varsity game, which can-
Oaken Bucket by blanking Indiana on Saturday for the first
Members of the team will be the
the intramural athle well as those student
ic program as living in fra-
time in 36 straight games, xvieiuuei« ux mt: Lcam wm uc me the intramural departguests of honor at the annual Kiwanis Club football banquet ment a few years ago divided the
to be held next Monday night, it was announced today by J. C. Allen, chairman of the com-
mittee in charge.
A1 Wynkoop, public relations director for the U. S. Machine Corporation, Lebanon, manufacturers of Winkler stokers, who has
Meet The Team
city into approximately 20 wards. Competition among the students not living in fraternities was conducted by teams representing the various waids playing in a tournament. Residing in each ward was an athletic manager who formed a team from
If the words of Herb Hoffman the students living in his section.
can be taken as an example of how
wide reputation as an after-dinner the football squad felt toward the
speaker, will serve as master of
New Program Instituted
line.
CREDIT TO INDIANA
It would be unfair not to mention the fine performance by the Indiana team, especially the playing of Bob Hoerneschemeyer, Pete Pihos and John Tavener. The Hoosiers undoubtedly played the best game of the season, but we can still see Bo McMillin sitting in the stadium after the game with tears in his eyes because his boys had let him down. The one
thing that we hold against the Indiana combination is the unsportsman- intramural basketball, getting like act of slugging Sam Vacanti as the game ended. We do not know f^u swing this week, is conwhich of the Hoosiers was responsible for the act. Sam says that he saw with a shortage of officials the punch coming, but he did not know who was behind it. We do not ^j^ggg games. Officials would be
Intramural Basketball Seeks Court Officials
not be played due to there being no freshman team this year. Admission to the game will be 26 cents, the receipts going to support the various sports activities on the campus.
Preview of Squad
In the game most of the squad
understand why Vacanti'should have been the subject of the attack, un- ..ggnirg^ to take care of at least will get to see action, with the audiX .X -r VT 1 X • _ 1 . 1 .. . 1 X - 1_ _ 'X n -i; J J. — 1 ^ , . i • ? XI- ^
Hoosiers vou could be sure that the brought many less the I. U. back just could not take it. Sam did not play dirty football, evening and if poSsi- ence getting a preview of the team . . o-nvp 0= changes to campus activities the but he made vicious tackles and they undoubtedly jarred the Hoosier ^ ^ ^ne court for the that, will be playing against the ceremonies for the evening. Among Kivetei team leany gave its an , u t t-.
the highlights of the evening’s pro- the clash between it and the Indiana havinr°v^^^ Jul^POMS CHANGED
gram will be announcement of letter team Satuiday.
Naval Preflight School here Decem-
awards and selection of the “most
evening. This would mean referee
ing two hours or four games of one- her 11.
divided into sections. The decrease Several customs were changed as a result of the Boilermaker victory, Swantz, Duffy Friend, Timm, Herb, who is varsity right end on number of civilian students It was the first time in 36 games that Bo McMillin’s charges failed to o-ames are played in 15 minT Kennedy, all members of last year’s
valuable player for the season just the Boilermaker squad, makes his degree of their participa- score in a football contest. In fact it was way back in 1939 that Fordham halved with no timeouts. Offi- varsity, will probably be featured,
tion has caused this change. Thus, pulled the same trick on Indiana. The Purdue chess team started the nee^g^} fgj. games on Mon- with Haag and Lodge, members of regardless of one’s residential lo- day off by defeating the Hoosiers. This was a bad omen, for in past years Wednesday evenings start- last years’ freshman group, sharcation on the campus, a student may whichever team won the chess match lost the football game, but the Indi- g.^g Tuesday and ing the limelight with them. For organize with any group of boys ana publicity agent forgot to tell the Purdue football team, so the rule was xj^ursday evenings starting at 7:20. the remaining varsity members this
who desire to participate in ward
closed.
Attendance will be limited to the capacity of Lincoln Lodge, where the banquet is scheduled to get under way at 6:30 o’clock in the evening, and for the present thei'e will be no sale of tickets to the general public. According to the committee in charge, however, there is a possibility that a limited number of tickets for the genei’al public may be available later in the week. Members Of YWCA Will Vote For New Offkers Tomorrow YWCA election of officers will be held in the Great Hall of the Union tomorrow, from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Candidates 1 for president include Doris Hohenstein and Margaret Herd; for treasui’er, Helen French and Betty Joyce Hughes; for secretary, Phyllis Baker and
Mary Ann Click.
Only members may be eligible to vote. Membership may be obtained at the election booth for ,$1 a year. As an intei'national organization, YWCA has active chapters in 50 foreign countries. Its purpose is to guide people in developing thinking powers and leadership as world
citizens.
Aero Insfifute Includes Movies In First Program
Institute of Aeronautical Sciences will hold the first meeting of the semester this evening at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The program will include three movies concerned with aeronautics: “Mission Completed,” a story of the first allAmerican raid over Nazi Europe; “Bomber,” a film showing the manufacture of the Martin B-26, and “Jap Zero,” which shows American flyers testing the Japanese fighter
plane.
Following the movies Don Pliske,
former vice president, jwill preside days are behind him.
over the business meeting and elec-
tion of new officers. Everyone in- Taam WlPBC terested is invited to attend. vilvI CCSiil Vf ilia Pharmacy Students Hold In Tradition Upset
Election For Winter Term At a recent meeting of the student branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association held in the Pharmacy Building, the followingofficers were elected for the winter term: Bertha Baron, 'president; Bill McCullough, vice president; Ralph Poe, secretary; George Dunn, treasurer. Dr. H. G. DeKay was i-e-elected faculty adviser. The next social meeting will be held tomorrow in room 311 of the Pharmacy
Building.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
sports. The two requirements of the students are that they play with only one ward team and that they cannot participate in fraternity
sports.
When a large number of men are living in one house it is often possible for a wai'd team to be organized by the players living in that house. If any of the coop houses do not have an adequate number of men to form a team, th^y can obtain players living in private homes
if they so desire.
Enter Before Friday All that is necessary is that some one act as a manager and enter the team at the intramural office before Friday, November 26. It will be the duty of the manager to lead his ward team in all participations. Also he should inform his players of the day and time of the games. Ward basketball will start Tuesday, November 30, with a practice game. All ward teams desiring to participate shpuld call at the intramural office, room 111, Fieldhouse, for an entiy blank. If there is any question of the new changes the desired information may be obtained at the intramural office by
phoning 2875.
AWS Heads Annoynce Election Postponement AWS will hold elections today instead of tomorrow, as was announced, in the Great Hall of the Union from 10 until 5:30 p. m. Every woman student is eligible to
forget. Not many of us will have vote, but passports must be preto think very hard to remember the sented by those desiring ballots. Gopher game either. Candidates are: Beth Ludberg, This home state lad is enlisted Nelda Reed, president; Pat Patterunder the Marine training program Virginia Warren, secretary; as an engineer. However, Herb Jones, Martha McCulloch, would like very much to continue treasurer; Mary Jane Doll, Betty in the field of sports as a basketball Murphy, junior representative; or football Coach after his college Katie Bird, Peg Luehrs, Barbara
Sanders, Marion Swanstrom, sophomore representative; Peg Billings,
broken. The one custom that was upheld was the fact that the Hoosiers interested in officiating at game will be the first time they were again stymied in their attempt to win the bucket four consecutive please call the intramural have played together since they
office, 2875.
times.
NO INDIVIDUAL STAR AMONG RIVETERS
It is impossible to pick an individual star from the Riveter squad. Captain Dick Barwegen, Mike Kasap, Pat ’Brien, Sam Vacanti and Babe Dimancheff all played sixty minutes of good football. Frank Bauman and Joe Buscemi gave the Indiana backs trouble all afternoon. Bumps Court 1Elliott showed himself as an all-around ball player, and will be a valuable
IM Schedules
-Tail Epsilon Phi vs. Tau-Sigma :35—Acacia vs. Nu-Sigma
man to have around next season. Joe Winkler and Morris Kaastad, start- S:30—Beta SiKrna Pm vs Phi Siuma Theta
. 8:4o—Kappa-Phi vs. Phi-Phi
ing their first game, played outstanding defensive ball. Many times comt 2—
7 ;20—Alpha Sipma Phi vs. Delta Upsilon
HERBERT HOFFMAN
home in Mishawaka, Ind. At high school he starred in basketball, football and baseball. In his senioV year he was named to all-conference honors at his position of end. Shurtleff College, at Alton, Ilk, boasted of having Herb enrolled at their school, but he left there last Christmas for Indiana University. At Indiana Herb continued with his athletic career by copping a berth on the frosh basketball team. The battles with' Wisconsin and Minnesota are games he’ll never
Kaastad was in the Indiana backfield almost as soon as the ball arrived. Winkler, by stealing the ball from Allerdice on the Purdue 2-yard line,
stopped one Hoosier scoring threat. COACHES NOT TO BE FORGOTTEN
Not to be forgotten in the celebration are the coaches, who spent long hours working out plays and formations to stop the Hoernschemeyer at- j tack. Elmer Buinham, Sam Voinoff, Cecil Isbell, Joe Dienhart, Red Mackey, and the other coaches are to be congratulated for bringing a Confeience Championship to Purdue. It is not an easy task to capture 2 this title, but we are confident that the name PURDUE will appear soon
again as Western Conference Champions.
Grapplers' Tyrnoot AgrtcKifural Experiment larsesi In Yeats " “I” , a »" n'llv Ptmnm last night that he had the best wres- a group of 14 men from the Unitling turnout m all of his six years versify Agricultural Extension and of coaching- Boilermaker squads. Agricultural Experiment Station Not happy with this, however, he staffs are broadcasting- over radio expressed the hope that more would station WMAQ on the “Town and turn out in the next few days. This Farm” program at 6:15 a. m. every is to facilitate the running- of the week day, and will continue until
all-campus wrestling- tourney
soon as possible. The following- men
Delta Tau Delta vs. Lnmbtla-Pi 8-30—Surma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Chi 8:46—Trianirle vs. Chi-Alpha
Court 3
7 :20—Beta Hhota Pi vs. Theta Xi
AKMY-ASTB SCHEDULE Wednesday, November 24
17—DI vs G1 00- A3 vs. G2 ,77—A4 vb G3 10—E3 vs. G4
. A.) vs. G.) -E3 vs. GO -A6 vs. D3 -E4 vs. BG
46—A7 vs. B7 on—Er> vs. G1 6.6—B1 vs. C3 10 -EG vs. C4
helped beat the Indiana team. On the V-12 side, Vacanti of Iowa;
Frazier, who played with Southwestern of Kansas; Walley, who was with Central of Kansas, and Chai-calla from Illinois, will probably lead the attack. Assisting ' them wilt be Hoffman of Shurtleff, 111.; Oppen of Cincinnati U., and Elliott, who last year played for
Bloomington High, Illinois. In addition to the former mem-
bers of the varsity squad the following men will see action against the V-12 men: McPherson, Horn, Unberzhant, all new freshmen; McCormick, Alexander, Schmidt, Meyer, Soker, Schienk, the last two being St. Joe transfers; Dimancheff, a Butler transfer; Cline, Creigh-
baum and Raymond. ; Try An Exponent Classified!
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
the callout:
reported to
Armstrong, Leszozyn-
December 19.
The discussion will include such topics as hybrid corn, farm goals for 1944, hog- rations and manage-
ski, McCampbell, Daniel, Guthrie, more effi-
Hoffman, Meyers, Moss, Madden, Hasse, Koch, Laing, Ruth, Elfin, Allen and. Barwegen, civilians.
These Marines were present: Arnold, Steshtso, Franklin, Stengle, Krauch, Heller, Brooks, Burges, Illish, Webb, Shephard and Kasap. The two Navy men who reported were Weisbach and Wilson. Former Star Back In addition to these men Don Netteshein, a former letter winner, is back, and is expected to lead this
cient with machinery repair and fertilizers and management of poultry and dairy farms. Dean H. J. Reed, associate director of extension; L. E. poffman, K. E. Beeson, C. M. Vestak G. D. Scarseth, W. B. Ward, E. T. Wallace, J. W. Schwab, R. H. Bauman, R. C. Shipman, H. F. Ainsworth, E. A. Gannon, M. O. Renee and L. A. Wilhelm are among the men who will lead these dis-
cussions.
Lucy Goetz, June Hanson, Carol s attack. Don was a member ExDOnGni' MiGGtmei p’n of the Big Nine championship team CXponenr mecring
Lofquist, freshman representative.
Discussion
at the Internationa] Relations
Tradition was broken last week end when the University chess team
won the chess tournamen^ with In- Qj^g gj: .|^|.,g pour Gicat Powers
diana and then the football team pioceeded to also win the gridiron battle. The tournament was sponsored by the Unions and was held
in Indiana’s Union.
Members of the victorious team include the following: Jerry Vriens, Del Rio, Sairan, Margulis and Lazerson. Indiana’s team included three AST men and was made up of the following: White, Tuckman, Hogopian, O’Toole and Snead. Try An Exponent Classified!
of the Big Nine championship team
of two years ago.
The Riveters are expected to face a heavy schedule this season. The exact schedule has not been drawn up yet, but it will probably feature
A B-25 was taking off somewhere in North Africa. It crashed and burst into flames. Private Eugene A. Gantcr rushed forward with three other soldiers to aid the crew. The heat was overwhelming but Ganter and his companions, drenched from the hoses of rescue apparatus, rescued three crew members from the blazing ship. Then Gantcr returned to remove loaded 50 caliber machine guns,_Hejvon the Soldier’s Medal. Such are the men vour War Bonds fight beside.
Club will be led by Dr. Louis Sears j,everal three and four way meets
concerning the question “Will China
of the World After the War.” The meeting- will be held- next Tuesday evening- in the lounge of the Uni-
versity Church.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Important meeting for Exponent workers—freshmen, sophomores, juniors, seniors and advisers—Thursday afternoon at 4. Awards will be given; the meeting will he .short. —MURPHY.
SuJbAJC/dJbsL TIdiv! to Purdue Exponent Subscription lo be mailetl 16 week.s $1.60 Subscription to be mailetl 12 weeks $1.20 Regular subscription 16 weeks $1.25 Regular subscription 12 weeks $ .95
^ NgW under‘arm • Cream Deodorant
safely .
Stops Perspiration
Name Address Where delivered lo.
Dale
16 weeks Q 12 weeks □ (Check one)
Clip coupon and return to Exponent Office iii sub-basement of Union
1. Does not rot dresses or men's shirts. Does not irrioite skin. 2. No waiting to dry. On be used right after shaving, 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to
you need the aid of good tools. Draftsmen do finer work with Microtomie Von Dyke Drawing Pencils. They appreciate the HI-DiNSITY LEAD that gives a heavier, more opaque line without messy smudging, lines are clean, smooth without pressing ... erasure 1$ easier. Clear, sharp reproduction is assured.
EBER'HARD FABER
flaadatihija in fine writing materials since isas
18 DEGREES.
ALSO 6 IN SPECIAL
CHISEL POINT
YomNo.isponTSHoe ODR LOW PRICE
332 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE
worldly perfume with the naughty name • • • stepper-upper of masculine heart beats. Faberges somewhat scandalous and definitely provoedtive perfume.
APHRODISIA PERFUME, 6.S0 and 12.00* purse sizo, 2*90* 1
EAU DE COLOGNE, 1.73 to 10.00*
BATH POWDER, 1.50* SACHET. 1.75*
(foetid
A