Publislied Daily by Students of Purdue tiniversity
VOLUBIE XLVIU
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 1937
Deacon Moore Twirls Baton, Pilots Plane Cotillion Swingmaster Leads Band Fo^ Business, Flies For Fun Carl Deacon Moorej who comes
here to play for the already closed Sophomore Cotillion next Friday night, is just as efficient at handling
an airplane stick as he is at swing-
ing a baton.
Although music is his profession and he devotes most of his time to leading his band and composing new songs, Deacon is also anf'expert aviator and holds a commercial pilot’s license. He is quoted as saying that some day he is going to get a big transport plane just to haul his orchestra around in. Prominent Radio Figure Moore’s band has appeared in some of America’s finest hotels jn'eluding the Morrison and Drake in Chicago, St. Anthony in San Antonio, Texas, and the Rice in Houston, Texas. He is known throughout the United States by his familiar salutation, “Howdy do, folks,” which may often be heard over both the Columbia and NBC radio networks. The orchestra is also widely known for its appearance in RKO
vaudeville.
The band is especially popular for its novelty “hill billy” characterizations. Lead by Deacon in his native Arkansas drawl, the boys put on entertainment of such quality as to win the praise of such an astute showman as Rudy Vallee. Began At 12 Since Moore first began his career as a dance band director at the age of 12, when he ordered his first set of drums from a Sears and Roebuck catalogue, he has been a racing driver, and a patent medicine salesman, as well as an aviator.
Senior Co-eds Fearf ully Await Snoopers* Exposes At SS *37 Dinner Thurs. Faculty members and ser^ior women are looking fearfully over their shoulders and in their office closets as they wonder about— and try to avoid—the Senior Snoopers, whose dinner will be held Thursday, March 18, at 6:00 p. m. in the home economics cafeteria. *• The dinner will be open to all senior women and will be as a gettogether for the co-eds. Something about every senior woman is promised for the program. The SS ’37s, with their clever detective work, have found that various faculty people have been hopefully quizzing various senior wom^ en, who are, however, as much in the dark about the identity of the Snoopers as the faculty. No faculty members are to attend the SS ’37 dinner. A peculiarly husky, and therefore probably disguised voice over the Exponent telephone last evening said that while the get-together was to have some “razz” on the program, there would be nothing about which the faculty would blush, and nothing the senior co-eds would not enjoy. Tickets for the dinner are on sale at the Memorial Union desk and, air sorority houses.
Staff To Entertain Agricultural Seniors Seniors in the school of agriculture will be the guests of the faculty and alumni of that school at the annual senior banquet to be held April 5, Prof. W. O. Mills, chairman of the committee in charge announced recently. Palmer Edgerton, member of the University Board of Trustees, will be toastmaster at the banquet at which P. O. Wilson, secretary-man-^geiv of. the Nationsite^^ock Marketing Association, wil^J be the principal speaker.
San Jose State College is now sending out life-time athletic passes to graduates who, while students, proved their high quality in the field of sports. .
March 16, 1937 CO-EDS at the University of California are now able to take courses in carpentry, that will qualify them for hammering, sawing, and chiseling, according to a recent news release ... in reality the fairer sex needs only instruction in the first
two . . .
THIS “wrong-number” telephone gag that fraternity boys sometimes pull didn’t stop a Birmingham-Sou-thern co-ed for long. She had to speak with her enamored one . . . and that was all there was to it... WHEN the phone rang in her beloved’s fraternity house, the fellows gathered around. The answerer reeogni^Ud the feminine voice and said “This is the shoe shop, madam.” “PM sorry, wrong number,” she apologized, and tried again. When the hell rang the second time a cheery voice answered; ‘Your pressing shop spealcing. What can we do for you?” “WRONG number,” the girl muttered, and dialed the number a third time, “This is John’s Funeral Home who is . . . .?” came the voice at the other end of the wire.
“WELL, then,’’ snapped the coed, “let me speak to a corpse named B—— Y—!” The student behind the voice came to life and murmured a hurried, “Yes, ma’am.” STUDENTS at John Tarletdn college recently rebelled against paying out money to have their own washings done. They wish to eliminate the ‘nine-cents a shirt’ charge by laundering their own clothes ... so they’re giving a play *.. and the proceeds are to be used to buy a washing machine. -
Edith Herman Recovering From Appendix Operation Edith Her man, sophoracre ux the school of science, v'ho underwe;it an emergency appendix op eration last Tuesday night at the St. Elizabeth Hospital, is recovering nicely, hospital officials report.
Purdue's "Flying Laboratory"
Earhart Flight Postponed; Exponent To Garry Daily Reports On Plane’s Progress
(Editor’s Note: Through the generosity of Miss Amelia Earhart, and the co-operation of the New York Herald-Tribune, the Exponent today begins the daily story of the round-the-world flight which Miss Earhart is making in the Purdue “Flying Laboratory.” Follow this new step in world aviation development through the columns of the Exponent!) ^
Amelia Earhart, famous aviatrix, and consultant in careers for women at the University has delayed her takeoff, originally scheduled for last Sunday, and according to reports will probably, take to the air Sometime tomorrow. Everything is in readiness for the flight. Unfavorable winds and adverse weather conditions over the Pacific Ocean were responsible fox the delay in the globe-girdling flight.. For the duration of the flight the Exponent will carry the latest news exclusive in this territory,- of the whereabouts of the plane and its movements from continent to continent.
Varsity Debaters Win Two Decisions; Face University Of Alabama Tonight
M. C. Magnussen and R. M. Sasser will debate for the University negative debate team when they meet the University of Alabama jhere tonight at 7:30 in the auditorium of the Home Economics Build-
ing.
The question to be debated is “Resolved:, That Congress Should Be Empowered To Fix Minimum Wage And Maximum Hours for Industry.” Members of the varsity negative debate squad consisting of Robert Sasser, Joseph Rittenhouse, and Robert Buckles won two decisions out of three while on a short tour over the week-end.
The team Was given the decision over Xavier University by the acting judge, who is a member of the Cincinnati school board. At Wilmore, Kentucky, with three local people acting as judges, the vote was 2 to 1 against the team. The last debate on the tour was with the University of Kentucky, Purdue winning out by a 25 to 2 popular vote of the audience. The three debates were on the question, “Resolved: That Congress Should Be Empowered To Fix Minimum Wages And Maximum Hours For Industry.”
New Speech Clinic Elect Officers Officers elected at a meeting of speech correction teachers from the various parts of the state held in the Memorial Union Building Saturday afternoon were: M. D. Steer, director of the University speech clinic, president; Miss Shover, of the East Chicago School System, vice-president; E. K. Jerome, also of the University, secretary; and Miss Bozell, Arsenal Technical High School Indianapolis, treasurer.
All Tickets Distributed For Military Carnival Tomorrow Night At 7 All of the 2,400 Military Carnival tickets have been distributed according to information received last night from the military department. Final preparations for the carnival, which will be held tomorrow night at 7 o’clock in the Armory, are rapidly being completed. Calisthenics, command drills, a sham battle, and a regin^ental review are among the many acts that will feature this thirteenth presentation of the Carnival.
Union Show Stars Will Sing Sunday Martha Whitehead, Betty Grangv er, and Bill Jones, stars of the Union Show, “Castles In The Air,” will render selections from that production at the afternoon musicale to be presented next Sunday at 4 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Following these selections other campus musicians will furnish entertainment. An audience of 125 people, which is perhaps the largest ever to attend these programs since their inception, applauded the concert given by the Kappa Kappa Gamnia concert choir and Paul Emerson, concert pianist, in the music room last Sunday.
Alpha Xi Delta Alumnae Give Supper For Pledges The alumnae club of Alpha Xi Delta sorority entertained seventeen pledges of the active chapter at a buffet supper Sunday evening at the home of Dr. and Mrs. Cromer.
Union Show Brings Back Memories Of Harlequin Club Production Of 1928
“Castles In The Air,” played to responsive audiences last Saturday aHernoon and evening in the Mars Theater, brought back lingering memories of the Harlequin Club production 9 years ago. A good crowd at the matinee and a full house in the evening applauded the songs and dances of a cast numbering nearly 100. J. H. Shoemaker, Union president, announced that the show was a success financially as well as dramatically.
Betty Granger and Bill Jones, the leads, won response with their singing and their portrayal of the dramatic roles. Martha Whitehead, as an opera star, received extended applause for her solo and her duet with Dave Thompson, whose bass voice and dignified bearing met the approval of the audience. Mary Ed Johnston and Fred Ahrens, teamed in comedy roles, added spice to the. show with their bickerings and their ludicrous antics. Convincing Villains C- D Willcox, as a loyal Latavian General, arid J. L. Ciral, as the plotting Chancellor, handled character parts in excellent fashion, and Karl
Enders Talks For Science Group Tonight Author Of “Nowhere Ease In The World” To Tell Of Tibet At Dinner Little known tales of the “forbidden land” of Tibet will be related by Gordon B. Enders, foreign advisor to the Grand Lama of the Hermit Kingdom, who is acclaimed
as the greatest living authority on Tibetan folklore and adventure, before the All-Science dinner to be held in the Union Briildirig tonight at 6 o’clock. Advance ticket sales have indicated that crowd of well over 200 persons will attend the
dinner, with reservations to be accepted at the office of Dean Howard E. Enders, of the school of science, until noon today. Glee Club To Sing Dean Enders, who is a distant relative of the evening’s distinguished speaker, will preside, and musical entertainment will be provided by the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, directed by Albert P, Stewart. Advisor To Tibet As the foreign advisjr to the Grand Lama of Tibet, Enders is not only the first foreigner in history to hold a cabinet post under the ruler of the Hermit Kingdom, but also the first foreigner to be given the title ard rank of the Tibetan nobility, with a seat in the upper house of the Tibetan National Assembly, oldest parliament in the world. Born in Essex, Iowa, when only four years old Enders was taken by his family to live on the Indo-’Tibet-an border. Following a boyhood among a population that is basically Tibetan, he retmmed to America for his college education, and then
QordonB-I^oers
Mueller was roundly hissed as the villain. Gaby Roe was inxpressive as the Queen Regent. B. L. Everett, the court jester, acted the fool in a manner almost too convincing.
Tom Garland, the waiter, struggled fought through the World War as a
with the table; and chairs to the amusement of the audience, and George Claypole took the part of a friend of the heroine. Dancing Choruses The dancing choruses tripped through intricate formations in colorful costume and the singing chorus carried the rhythm to the accompaniment of the student orchestra. Betty Ann Florer apd Don Muller danced specialties, as did Rufina and Betty Jo Sexton. At the close of the show, James Shoemaker, Student Union president, introduced the student directors, Betty Anri Florer, Ruth Grimm, Bud Bryant, arid John Brubaker received recognitiori for their work. A cascade of flowers rewarded the directors and the leads for their efforts. “Castles In The Air,” a Student Union production, was staged, managed, and directed entirely by stu-
dents.
Meacham Succeeds Sennstrom As Editor Of ladependent; W. Feldman, S. Wright Named To Other Senior Positions
Past
David M. Meacham, junior in the electrical engineering school, was nariied new editor-in-chief of the Purdue Independent to succeed H. R. Sennstrom last Friday night at the barfquet held for the members of the staff in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. W. Feldman, sophomore in the science school, will be managing editor, and S. A. Wright, junior in public service engineering, business manager for the coming year. Other new staff members announced at the banquet, attended by 47 Independents and guests, were, Editorial staff; associate editors, R. S .Ferguson, L. C.' McPhail, L. H. Peterson, D, P, Smith, G. J. Tafel, and R, Jenkins, sports editor. Co-ed staff, Margaret Jenkins, Coeditor, Sylvia Zussin, assistarit coed editor, Mary Ann Nisely, sophomore assistant.
Members of the business staff are P. G. Bruner, assistant business manager; T. B. Frame, local advertising manager; E, W. Hackney, national advertising head; arid C. N. Overcash, H. M. Clevenger, C. F. Warner, advertising assistants; W. W. Clevenger, circulation man-
Outgoing.,members of the staff include H, R. Sennstrom, R. P. Manion, Naomi Ade, and A. A, Radkey. . ■ ■■ Other guests present were Mri arid Mrs, L. L. Vallely, Mr. and Mrs. W, A. Bodden, and H. I. Hersch, representing the Purdue Independent Association. H. R. Sennstrom, outgoing edi-tor-in-chief, acted as toastmaster for the evening, introducing the speakers L. L. Vallely, H. G, ReisV n H. I. Hersch.
Present
flier with the French and American armies. He then returned to Tibet to become foreign adviser to the
Grand Lama.
Wrote Best Seller His book, “Nowhere Else In The World,” has long been a best seller, and has been translated into Spanish, French, and Swedish. In connection with his visit at Purdue, he has offered to autograph copies of
his book for those Jnterested. 650 Receive Prom Permits, Six hundred and fifty permits for Junior Prom tickets have already been issued, T. W. Graham, chairman of the Prom committee, anannounced last night. These permits must he approved and taken to the Cashier’s office in the Administration Building, where the permit holder is required to make a deposit of four dollars before Tuesday, March 23. In return for the four dollars, the depositor is given a receipt which may be exchanged at a later date for the actual Prom ticket. No other expenditure is necessary. Approximately 100 students made their deposits yesterday. Permits may be secured in the Student Senate office in the Memorial Union Building any afternoon up to Thursday between the hours of 4 and 5:30. In*order that those who are busy every afternoon at this time may get their permits* the office will be open tonight and tomorrow night from 7 to 7;30 p, m. No permits will be issued after 5:30 p. m. Thursday. ■ Due to the extended tickets over last year, the tee urges those desiring tickets to make their deposits as soon as possible.. W. B. Badeyi committeeman to charge of decorations, stated last night that la
i 1
■4
'iiy 1 y ,-; »t. •; - ,',i *^' i ^7,'-1
Page Two
THE PURDHE EXPONENT
Oriie $urbue Exponent
VMaici !■ IMS
MBPMitKimtD ron kmtionau AovcRnaiNa mr National Advertising Service, Inc C»tht* PMlskm RtpmentaHvf 400 Madibon Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston • Ban Francisco U>8 ANOCLKS - PORTI.AND - SSATTLS
KnteMd M sMond elass mattw At the poet office. La*AjrottA Indl^ AM^ laU roAT; deliTwred by cArrier. I2.B0 per yeAft boM far • eii>»lA copy, t eente.
Busioece Phone MSI
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 1087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
AAWriaU £ A. Barnet^ jJb. Brock, A. H. F^ter, R. j* Sophomore Assistants _W. M. Antlwny, D. A. Bail^, J. A. Chapin, J.R Clark
H. Morris
Bold and Black
L. S.‘Hai^din, C. d! Schroeder, H. I. Stenback, D. R. Vmm
B. H. KeiloEB, K. E. O Neil
Editor J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manasrer - National AdvertisinB Manager
Local AdTertising Manager. Advertising Assistants — . Circulation Manager
Circulation Assistants
R. J. Hulse
L. H. Brown
!Z""“‘Zr.""r.ZZ'." ...D. C. Miller W J Giiiiian, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves
_ J. P. Girard
] F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor— Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF l. D. Wood "Z ." Zw. H. Afield. S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Editor.. — .— Associate Editors AdrsrtisiAg Manager.
jyOMEN'S STAFT - Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—K. E. O’Neil
It Was A Success “Castles In The Air” was a success. The production was destined to become a success from the beginning—^it would have been a success if, instead of two large audiences, not a person had paid to see the performances. When a group of students get together and work as hard as the cast and directors of “Castles In The Air” did—spending weeks of earnest efforts in planning, directing, and rehearsing —their production may be called successful even before the opening curtain. But, of course, the audiences and their applauding did add to the satisfaction of the actors. Entirely directed and acted by students, the Union Show was the best activity in the University campus in the range of experience offered to students. The production was a success in view of the opportunities provided for developing ability in acting, singing and playing music, composing, writing, and dancing, stage designing, making costumes and scenery, and publicizing, in addition to handling the business end of the show. Friendships, lasting friendships, were founded on the kindred feeling “the show must go on,” instilled in the members of the production through constant association in working for a common purpose. The spirit of “Castles In The Air” will bring those students engaged in the production back with offers of services and ideas for future Union Shows, even after graduation.—R. P. M. The Greeks Have A Word For It— Economy Recently, through the efforts of the Purdue Interfraternity Council, some very interesting data of new and valuable nature was collected. Questionnaires were filled out by 29 Purdue fraternities and from this information many questions concerning current trends and present finances in the Greek world are answered. The average house bill per month on a nine month basis for this group of 29 houses is $44.20. This sum includes special assessments except for initiation fees which average $45.00 per man. It is interesting to note just how and where this $44.20 is spent. Sixty-three cents per day, approximately $19.00, goes for food, $7.33 is spent for hired help, and the remainder is divided among such items as laundry, utilities, stock fees or building funds, social activities, house upkeep, and miscellaneous expenses. Here, as in any survey, there are extremes in all items. The highest house bill paid by any one organization turning in a questionnaire is $53.40, while the lowest monthly assessment is $35,00. There is great variation in initiation fees, as they range all the way from $20.00 to $75.00 per man. The average fraternity on this campus has a total of 36 men living in the house, and nine residing outside bringing the average total membership to 45. Here, too, we find extremes, for the membership in one house totals 66 while another counts but 14. Only two fraternities are reported as having house mothers, while practically all have either porters or maids. The cost of hired labor per man per month is probably the most constant item, varying less than $4.00 in the most extreme cases. It was further divulged that in about one-half of the cases, athletes are given preference when hiring .waiters and other student labor. In practically all cases these jobs are held by members of their own chapter. All fraternities indicated that they have a probation period of some type or other, but 20 of them are listed as favoring the prohibition of “hell week.” From this data, and a great deal more included in the same report, accurate information along a much needed line is made available. Those in charge of the work deserve a great deal of credit for compiling this material for undoubtedly it will be of great benefit to fraternities as a whole now, as well as in the future.—L. S. H.
MY LINE . . the old column
back again . . . . sweetheart
SCREAMS . .. are being directed at WINNIE CLAPP at the Barracks . . . the gals theire say . , . when she kissed BILL DELAPLANE Sunday night... it bothered the rest of the house’s studying . . . TYPICAL NICKNAMES: 1. JEAN “THETA” ADKINS— always a true blue Theta . . . 2. JOHNNY “THE GOAT’^ VAN NATTA—“the goat” in the MARTIN, BELURY, JUDY JONES Ladies Aid Society Affair . . . 3. LOUIE “LEGS” PUTZE — how he loved to view the legs of his “pony chorus” . . . 4. MARION “PEACHES AND CREAM” FRAZIER—as sweet as they come . . . 5. DOROTHEA “ALICE” JUSTIN—the original goon—God bless her . . . 6. DOROTHY “PENNY” MARTINET— like a pendulum — her arms are in continual motion . . . 7. ERNIE “EXECUTIVE” ANDERSON—what a soldier boy he is. 8. WILSON “KNOW IT ALL” WHITE—^that guy will never be wrong—^he thinks . . . 9. NASH “FLASH” WALTERS —and to think, the Debris buys those bulbs for him . . . 10. RUTH “BUTCH” GRIMM —she tries to slay ’em . . . 11. CLARK“LOVER” GEORGE —he was so romantic in the Union Show . . . 12. GERTRUDE “CHINK” Schmidt—those slant eyes and her telephone conversations especially the one with KENNY O’NEIL. . . . PURDUE BEATS INDIANA FRANCES MURPHY, I U Chi O and MARTHA SMITH, Purdue Chi O have been warring for FLOYD AMSLER’S Alpha Gamma Rho pin ... an I U publication, recently stated that the lU co-ed was winning . . . tables are now turned . . . PURDUE’S SMITH has his pin . . . YEA, RAH, SMITH . . . BACK STAGE AT UNION SHOW: Everyone looking tor something BETTY HIXON and SAE LEWIS doing a tango (an attempt to be exact) . . . “SULLY” MASON doing broom pushing—member of the Janitor’s local No. 105 . . . rush to between 2nd and 3rd acts to get plantation columns set up again . .. FROSH at the stage door arguing with wanter-inners and outers . . . VALLELY’S pert smile when introduced by “THE GREAT” SHOEMAKER . . . everyone holding their breath when PHYLISS CROSSMAN’S shoe strap broke ... ‘LEGS’ PUTZE lugging a Coca Cola bottle around filled with H20—there was not a person in the cast that didn’t take a swig . . . CLARK GEORGE and his dancing partner, LOUISE
Appoint PIA Committee For Year’s Activities A new activities committee, consisting of R. M. Hughs, Bill Billings, Emily Jayne Myer, W. F. R. Briscoe, Bill Russe, W. W, McElyea, Don Wells, and R. W. Eichrodt has been appointed by Wilson White, P, I. A. acticities chairman to work out future P. I, A. programs. Barbara Gibbs newly elected women’s activities chairman, succeeds Irene Peldt to that office for the balance of the year. The Purdue Independent Association is planning a new series of programs to be held in the Union Cafeteria every Wednesday evening at
6 o’clock. The P. I, A. dance band. Skit Shop, Tune Shop, Radio Stage, Dance Chorus, and comedians will supply the entertainment under the direction of Wilson White and his committee.
WSGA To Have Meeting For Open Nominations Dr. Lucia Tower, Chicago psychiatrist, will talk on personal hygiene and related subjects in the second of a series of marital lectures tomorrow night. These lectures are sponsored by W.S.G.A. for senior women. The time and place of the meeting will be announced in tomorrow's Exponent.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R. a BISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SUDDEN Service
P
iRINTING
’office Sieilonery.. 'X^eddlna Invltaliom
PHONE - W«Book..E.c.„, -^62 8 CASSEL’S 408^ERRi
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SlPERB m-U Main
DANIELL, putting on hn act all by their lonesomes—diverting attention from the principals... the back of the curtain . . . the lillies a few of the boys got going into discard as'soon as possible .. . PINS ... JEANNE ‘All-Campus’ BEEMER took HOWARD POSTAL’S phi delt pin last Friday night ... another CONQUEST that made her BEEM . . . theta chi KENNY FORSELL made a slip and THELMA HAMLIN, alpha chi, didn’t give him a chance to retract.. he’s well hooked now .. by the way JEANNE HUNTER’S ATO pin has returned home to be shoved on some other BABY . .. AH, A CAR . . . PHIL METTLING has been trying to crash into Theta house for three years . . . got a new, green Ford tother day , . . now three thetas ride home with him every noon WRONG PI PHI... pledge DOROTHY HEWITT asked SPE, BILL SCOTT to take her to GOLD PEPPERS dance Friday night ... he thought she was another Pi Phi . . . called wrong gal Friday afternoon . . . thought then that “the boys” had played a joke on him . . .HEWITT called him at 10:45 Friday eve wondering why he was so late . , . SCOTT finally arrived at dorm at 11:15 . . . PLEDGES NIGHT OFF . . . last Saturday night ... in three of Lafayette’s best known TAP rooms* every sorority on the campus was
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS LITTLE HILL TOP SANDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pierce
7^ jfp. ‘7' V, ,,f, Tuesttas^, Match
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST II9V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association. 322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOUS. INDIANA
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPoinENT
66 BAFFLES Inside FILTER-COOL SMOKE
MEDICO FILTER PIPI
SOMIIHINO WONDIRfUl eon ON imiDi This simple appean ing yet amaaing absoroent Alter iis vention with Cello* phane exterior and cooling mesh screen interiorkeeps juices and Aakesjmr liter andoutofmoutht Prevents tongue bite, raw mouth, wet b^el, bad odor, Sequent expectoration, ’^lo breaking in. Improves thetasteand aromaofany tobacco.
scum KAiwn nWM: UlStiKS
ByWEggP OF ViltUE
ALSO CIGARETTE AND CIGAR
ROLDERS
BAFFLES BREAK UP SMOKE STREAM- m FILTER REALLY FILTERS
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES H. G. "Deac" Reisner
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
“You make a 30-day stopover here, Buddy!”
represented by at least one of its pledges . . in said places . . - the “Hell Week” sorority’s pledges were especially prominent . . . WHO—MARS—WHO Winner of contest .... JOHN KANY ... who they were in tomorrow’s column . . .
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
TODAY—WEDNESDAY GLORIOUS..
—PlusMickey Mouse —and— Traveltalk IN COLOR
Family TODAY—WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
HBART WASTHt REWARD OF THE first MAN TO FIND HER!
Dorotlit|
‘THE JUNGLE PRINCESS” —and— Jane Wyatt ‘Luckiest Girl in the World”
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Myrna Loy and Warner Baxter “To Mary—^With Love”
TODAY - WEDNESDAY First Lafayette Showing
^GANGWAY FOR THE COAST GUARD , ^asiwooithB boya get different ideaa about the acane darnel
lUptHO
■Also—
News-Comedy
STARTS TOMORROW Big Double Feature James Gleason and June Travis in “The Big Game” —Plus— Eddie Nugent and Maxine Doyle in “Rio Grande Romance”
NEWS
I A THRILLING NEW THREESOME ■ MAK-E A NEW KIND OF LOVEI
UMA
, Popeye TODAY Cartoon AND WED.Present Articles On
: >
New Purdue Fieldhouse
Stories Each Tuesday To Acquaint Everyone With interesting Points Of Project
By Bill Fifield
Studenti^, Alumni, and Purdue fans, in order that everyone shall be well acquainted with the Purdue Fieldhouse and gymnasium which is now under construction we are beginning here a series of articles to be printed every Tuesday for the next two months explaining in general the main facts about the
building. This article will give
a few of the Interesting points about the project as a whole. Each succeeding article will take one part of the fieldhouse or gymnasium and present a word picture of that part. Location The fieldhouse and gymnasium is located just southeast of the RossAde stadium on the corner of Stadium avenue and University street. The two entrances to the field house are located on University street and Northwestern avenue. The entrance to the gymnasium is on Stadium avenue. Imaginary Journey When the building is finished, if we would walk in the gym entrance, a short flight of stairs would take us directly into a large trophy room. A't our left there will be the ticket windows and one set of stairs leading down to the locker rooms, on the other side a check room and another flight of stairs to the locker rooms. At the far end of the trophy room corridors lead off to the left and right, which will be in reality one long corridor outlining the balcony over the swimming pool. All the doors on one side of the corridor will open into the swimming pool balcony. Going down the left corridor, we will see the ticket office and all of the coaches’ offices. Facing the right corridor will be class ifooms and at the far end the Letter Men’s Room. Going back to the trophy room and down one of the stairs, we come to a lobby from which entrances will lead to the intramural locker rooms, physical education control room, and the varsity locker rooms. There
KEYS Kejri for trunks, door lock*, desk locks, niarht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle lochs a specialty, F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
“DEAC” has everything for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
will be entrances to the pool from each of these three main sections. When it is possible to walk back to the trophy room and up to the second floor, our first view will be one end of a large intramural gymnasium which contains three' basketball courts-^size, 76x40. On both sides of our first entrance are small gymnasiums. Besides these there are the handball courts, equipment rooms and a physical director’s of-
fice.
There will be one more floor above the basketball courts, a small gymnasium and a mezzanine. Fieldhouse Our next point of interest is the field house. It will be possible to enter the fieldhouse from the gymnasium, but to keep from losing our way we will leave the building and go around to the west entrance of the fieldhouse. Our first view of the course will be of the usual ticket offices and lobby. Going through another door in front of us, we will find ourselves on the track. Looking about we will see that we are under the balcony which . goes around three sides. The varsity basketball floor will be right in front of us. At the far end of the fieldhouse Inside the track there is room for baseball pits and several other out of season sports. Walking on across the field house floor for 302 feet, we would find ourselves at the Northwestern avenue entrance. We have now finished our first hurried tour of the $652,000 Boilermaker fieldhouse and gymnasium wh'ch will be finished next fall. Next week we will present the Olympic size swimming pool in de-
tail.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The thinkins fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of the city SQ23 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
JSsstSs^
Decide Five Tiilea In Big TeH Meets; Purdue Wins Foils
Five Big Ten titles were decided Saturday at five different cities, but Purdue, with entrants in three of the meets, was able to score in only the foils division of the fencing meet. s Scott McWilliams, in winning two matches, placed fourth in the foils division of the fencing meet held at Northwestern. Paul Vernor, swimming team captain and Purdue’s only entry in the tank meet held at Bloomington, won his qualifying heat but was unable to place in the final event. Wolverines Triumph Michigan Wolverines played hog in the matter of titles Saturday, winning the swimming meet with 65 points for their ninth title in 11 years and also the indoor track meet at Chicago with 36 points. In the wrestling meet held at Michigan, the Wolverines placed second, finishing close behind the University of Illinois. Fencing Chicago, winner of the team title on basis of matches won during the season, fared rather badly in the fencing matches Saturday. Ohio State carried away two of the three individual fencing titles, with Wisconsin copping the other. The first Big Ten gymnastic championship was won by the University of Iowa who scored heavily in the tumbling event. Minnesota was second, Illinois third, and Chicago fourth in the four team meet.
Squash Team Hands mini Trimming
Showing definite superiority, the University varsity squash team, composed of Lynn, Juve, Moses'and Jackson, defeated the University of Illinois team by a score of 4 to 0 in a match held here Saturday afternoon; at the same time a 7-man faculty team .defeated a like team from Illinois by a score of 7 to 0. A squad composed of eight students and five faculty members will journey to Indianapolis Thursday at 5 p. m. to meet the Indianapolis Athletic Club.
VOLLEYBALL
MILES AND MILES
OF SMILES
will be yours in a car repaired by our competent mechanics. These men are all trained to fix your car^fix it so that it won’t get out of fix. Add to good mechanics the best in tools and machinery —the most up-to-date repair and testing machines. The result can only be the best of repairs. That is just what you get at
PETER ANDERSON CO
6TH& ALABAMA
PHONE 4048
ifielder’s.... ^ ....choice \mmmmmm9y Wultwrite i'ii*iii<
The Big Teit held ite annual Conference meets in both strimming and track on Friday end Saturday, but the reason Purdue wus not mentioned was because they did not enter ... typical scores from the Boilermaker campus, but probably for the last year . . . —fc— The addition of the fieldhouse will be a boon to minor athletics, and track too . . . the material just ain’t here, nor is the proper training space . . . the' new home for sports will be a strong drawing card for this university, and instead of going elsewhere, high school swimmers and track men will b'e found here in a year or so . . . —^fc— A Cornell netman set a new modern Eastern Intercollegiate scoring record for basketball last week by ending the season of twelve games with a total of 146 points . . . and still the East compares their style of basketball with the high speed Western Conference . . . —^fc— This new rule adopted by the Big Ten eliminating the. jump is ideal for Purdue’s style of ball . . . the jump at the beginning of the halves will mean little, so size will not be so much of a factor . . . the Boilermakers have repeatedly depended upon speed, and their system has proven its worth . . . —^fc— Illinois took Indiana’s long reign of wrestling championships back to the mini campus on Saturday . . . not'all of the Big Ten enters this event, but for many seasons those who have entered have been striving to roll the Hoosier musclemen from their mat . . .
Blackburn College males pulled the wool over their own eyes— wool or cotton before going to the last dance of the semester. It was an informal “sweater affair” with no suits allowed.
in* , m irik Big leu Drops Center Jump Role Adopted On Trial; Jump To OpMi Came
' The Big Ten, following the lettd of the Pacific Coast Conference, bus eliminated the center jump from its net contests, it was announced yesterday. The rule was made at a meeting of Big Ten baskeuball coaches, meeting with the National Basketball Coachqs’ Association at the Morrison Hotel in Chicago Sunday. The new rule has not been adopted permanently but will be put on trial during the 1937-38 season. At the end of the year its permanent adoption will be considered. Under the new ruling the center jump will be used only at the beginning of the game, at the start of the half, at the start of overtime periods, and after technical and double fouls. At all other times the ball will be put in play behind the end line of the team scored upon, following the method now in use after a successful free throw due to a personal foul. The Big Ten is following in the footsteps of the Pacific Coast Conference in its elimination of the jump, the western conference having officially abandoned it last winter.
Greeks In Net
Tourney Playoff
Sigma Alpha Mu and Delta Chi, class “B” basketball teams will meet tonight in the Memorial Gymnasium to decide the wihners in the losers’ bracket of the Inter-frater-nity baisketball league. The winners of this contest will meet the Beta Theta Pi’s, victors in the winners’ bracket of the tourney on Thursday. If the Beta’s win they will become the champs, but should they lose there will be another contest to decide the championship, as the Beta’s must lose two games before they are eliminated.
Bowling TeittiMt. Defeat lOinoia
^ ‘".t
The Uiiivera% fjiea% «nd fwv »ity howling squads defeated the Illinois bowlers by 222 pins on Om alleys in the Memorial Ujtiott Btdlding last Saturday afteraomi. Purdne’'s varsity, led by Bekstein and Kmeeza with 504 and 503 pins respectively, bowled over a total of 2,414 pins to 2305 for the lllini. Wilt and Statkus of Illinois were high point men of the meet with 529 and
514 pins. j
The .faculty bowlers m Purdna
downed the Illinois squad 2,430 to 2,317. Seaton and Stuckey led tiie attack with 609 and 573 pins.
Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts Open Today
Tryouts for membership in Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary fraternity, will start this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Any student interested in becoming a member of this athletic honorary may attempt to qualify between 4 and 5 p. m. on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of this week and next. The indoor events included for qualification are the 100 yard swim, front handspring, the handstand, the fence-vault, and the 20 foot rope-climb. After spring vacation the entrants may try to qualify in the outdoor events.
Not Too Late To Enroll Ballroom Dancing Classes Beginners’ Wed., March 17th ADVANCED Thurs., March 18th 7:00 P. WL
Mien S 6th and Ferry
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADYER'nSERS
TODAY 7:00 P.M. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Delta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7:30 P. M. Delta Upsilon vs. Winner (SPE vs. Lambda Chi Alpha). Theta Xi vs. Phi Pi Phi.
ELCOME HOME I That's what the comfoit of railway trav^ really means nowadays. On the railroad—and on the railroad alone—you can fully enjoy yourself while traveling.
As you ride at high yet safe speeds, free from jolte and skids, you can eat, sleep, read, write, stretch, relax, listen to the radio, breathe cool, clean, sweet air and make yourself fully at home under the kindly ministrations of courteous attendants alert to your every need.
For these and other benefits, you must credit thorough air-conditioning, smart interior decoration, up-to-date car construction, improved roadbeds, heavier rails, adequate power and—most important of all—a personnel interested in service.
• ■ fa-v-*.
c .. 444'
Typical of railway modernization for comfort is the fact that by the end of the year the nimois Central w^ have in service 157 air-conditioned cars of its own, in addition to air-conditioned Pullman equipment. All the railroads and the Pullman Company together now have more than 8,000 such cars.
REMINDER . . .
Railway travel today is a thziltuig experience, full of the spirit of youth. On your nwet tr^ leam how deservedly enjeyment, coupled 'with economy in price, has increased railway patrana^ in recent years.
lUINOn CEHIMl SYSTEM
•AN INDIANA RAILROAD-f I f
s ^ h
A
,r
THE PUKDU^J EXPONENT
^Co-eds Attend WAA Play Day Co-ed representatives from ten Indiana colleges and universities attended the tenth annual Indiana State College Play Day sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association of Purdue University on Saturday, March 13. Despite bad highway conditions which kept a number of delegations from making the trip, 122 girls from Indiana, Valparaiso, Manchester, Butler, Ball State Teacher’s College, Evansville, Indana State Teacher’s College, Earlham, and Hanover, in addition to the representatives of the University took part in the activities. A volleyball tournament of eight games and recreational games for the visitors not entered in the tournament comprised the morning program. The entire group was entertained at the Women’s Residence Hall, where Elizabeth Halsey, head of the department of physical education for women at Iowa University, spoke on “The Opportunity For Leadership Of College Women In The Community.” In the afternoon a conference of the official delegates from each of the competing institutions was held after which a demonstration of noniota tion volleyball by teams representing Pui’due and Ball State was given. Badminton, fencing, and other recreational types of games were also demonstrated. The day’s activities came to a close with a tour of the campus and an inspection of the W. A. A. cabin.
Phi Lamda Upsilon Takes Twenty-One New Pledges Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary announces the pledging of the following men; R. D. Best, W. W. Binkley, J. F. Bourland, T, Boyd, S. R. Cohen, J. H. Cronk, M. C. Denison, J. W. Greiner, R. P. Griffenhagen, H. V. Grubb, R. H. Heyei and J. G. Mulder. E. C. Miller, E. W. Nelson, C. H. Prien, W. S. Reveal, R. F. Stevens, A. G. Susie, P. A. Wangerin, C. H Watkins, J W. Willard.
WSGA To Hear Dr. Tower lit Maritid Lecture W. S. G. A. will hold a mass meeting tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Women’s lounge. At that time one nomination for each office may be made from the floor. If there is more than one nomination, the number must be reduced by written ballot. At the present time,*two petitions have been received for the office of president.
Beets, WPA Director, To Speak On Adult Education Charles Beets, director of the Works Progress Administration district No. 8, will speak in the interest of adult education in room B of the Memorial Union building at 7-30, this evening.
diiws
totry 20 and 107 will be held in room 101 the Edneatioa Butldlny at 1 it. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Baildins before the £^rhur recess. --SraiLSOM. Enplish and Speech Condlthtna—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in Engrlish will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Building. —GREEK.
Military Training Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades in Military Training 8, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1 ;80 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD.
BASKETBALL
TODAY Class “A” 8:45 P. M. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Pi.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lots of Books—Back Number magazines. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Wanted—Ride to University of Illinois Friday afternoon. Call Holloway at 8029.
Militai^ Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 8, topography, will be held in the instructors’ room. Armory, at 8 p. m., March 26. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD,
Prom Goers—Get permits by March 18 from Student Senate office —GRAHAM.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hall. —BRAY.
Reserve Officers—^Any second lieutenants of the Organized Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regular Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m., March 24. -HAYFORD.
P. O. M. M.—Initiation ceremony will be held March 16, in the Armory. All actives and pledges please be present in uniform. —McCANDLESS.
Sophomore Chemicals—Return information cards to room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 17 —LOVELL.
Sophomore Chemicals—All expecting to make the inspection trip during spring vacation make deposit in loom 107 of Heavilon Hall between 1 and 6:30 p. m any day except Satuiday All deposits must be in by March 19 —LOVELL. Virginia C. Meredith Club and Omicron Nu— Joint meeting at 7 p m March 16, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building —MURPHY
WSGA Judicial Board—^Meeting March 16 at 5 p m in the office —FELDT
Tau Beta Pi—Banquet March 16 in the reception loom of the Union Building at 6 p. m. —WAIK.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
WAA Badminton Tournament—^Following games must be played March 16 at 4:00; P.
Your Hat - Suit - Topeoat Gloves - - Neektie
are conspicuous more on Easter than any other time Have them Crown Cleaned today as Easter is only 2 weeks away. Croocj Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Clymer vs. J. Hosack, M. Fands vs. L. Demoret; at 4:30, M. Weisback vs. Louise Bain, V. McFarland vs M. Padgett. On March 17 at 4:00, E Baker vs. J. Cook, C. Houk vs. M. Adaska, at 4:30, R. Glunt vs. M Rogers, J Meldahl vs. V. Blank. —MAIER
Sports Women—Compulsory meeting at 4 -45 p m March 16 in Women’s Gym. —WALKER
Omicron Nu and Virginia C. Meredith Club—Joint meeting March 16 at 7 p. m in faculty lounge of Union —MURPHY
Purdue Zouaves—Meeting Maich 17 at 4 p m Important Eveiyone be there —MURRAY
WAA Basketball— Juniors vs sophomores at 4, March 16 at*Women’s Gym. —SHAFFER.
Flying Club—Important meeting in room A of the Union March 18 at 7 p m All members please attend. —SMITH.
Tower Theater—Committee meeting at 4pm, March 16, in the Tower Room —RADKEY
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chem-
Union Show Workers—All students working in or connected with the Union Show call at the Union office March 16 at 4 p. m.
to get excuses for classes missed on Thursday and Friday. —SHOEMAKER
Glider Club—Meeting will be March 18 at 7pm —O’NEAL
Distinguished Students—Refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in tile Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE
Scrivener—Meeting March 16 at 8 p. m at 232 Westwood Bring manuscripts. —RADKEY.
Debris Salesmen—^Edwards, Hawkinson, Fowler, McGhee, Crane, Meissner, Flater, Bryant, Kearn—attend a very important meeting at Debris office March 16 at 4 p. m —VAN NA-TTA.
Festival Day Dancers—Following people meet in Women’s Gym March 16 at 4 p. m.— Mary Townsend, Margaret Schatzinger, Mildred Ross, Mary Lee Hickman, Marjorie Hoover,- Margaret Crankshaw, Joanne Edson, Mary Frances Oliver, Kathryn Merritt, Dorothy Neuman, Mary Harris, Elizabeth Mayer, Nancy Phillips, Jane Baker, Muriel Smith, Vivian Phelps, Pauline Swlck and Mary Ella Johnson. —ELLIS
Wesley Foundation—Discussion Group on '‘The Negro Problem,” at Foundation House
9 p. m. March 16. All who are interested ia, this subject are welcome. —KEENAN.
Chi Epidlon—Pledging March 18 at 6:30 a. m at bridge just west of C. E Building. Actives and pledges are requested to be prompt. —KEENAN.
P. O. M. M.—Initiation ceremony March 16 at 4 p m. in the Armory. Membeis and pledges be present in uniform; formal uniform not required. —McCANDLESS
University Choir—Very important rehearsal at 7 46 p m March 16. —STEWART.
Men’s Glee Club—Rehearsal starts at 4 p m March 16, in preparation for concert. —STEWART.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
Dr. Cattell To Speak For Cercle Francais Today Dr. James L. Cattell, head of the modern language department, will speak on “The French Character And Family Life” at the meeting of the Cercle Francais of the University Women’s Club today. The meeting, which begins at 2:30 o’clock, will be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
CEC. CARTER
Carter
15 Years’ Experience with a Local Firm. Now Open For Business at
State and Main Streets, West Lafayette Phone 2291 for
Locks and Keys Doorchecks Bicycles Grinding Of All Kinds
New, Used Lawnmowers —Hand and Power— Rubber Stamps Saw Filing and Retoothing
General Repairing of All Kinds Free Estimates West Lafayette’s Only Locksmith and Repair Shop.
LAST WEEK FACTORY SALE LESS THAN FACTORY COST Big Purdue and Fraternity Banners, 36” long by 18^” wide. Original Cost $4.60, NOW $2.00. Large Fraternity Leather Skins. Original Cost $7.00 to $10.00, NOW $3.00. Small Fraternity Leather Skins. Original Cost $3.50, NOW $1.50. H. 6. "DEAC" REISNER BOOK STORE
Ruby Keeler says: ^Xuckies are a light smoke that treat a tender throat right^’
**In a way, ifs easier to keep in condition as a dancer than as a singer* Exercise can keep the muscles in shape, but there are a lot of things that can go wrong with the voice and throat. It stands to reason, then, that any actress wants a cigarette that is gentle and strikes the right note with her throat* I started smoking Euckies 4 years ago* They*re a light smoke that treat a tender throat right***
LOVELY WARNER BROS. STAR NOW APPEARING IN "READY, WILLING AND ABLE”
An independent survey was made recently among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc* Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated they personally prefer a light smoke* Miss Keeler verifies the wisdom of this preference, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera* T'heir voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies* You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain* harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process 'It’s Toasted”* Luckies are gentle on the throat.
THE FINEST TOBACCOS”THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke s Toasted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION—AGAINST COUGH
Copyright 1937. Tbo ^erloui TobMco Compuy