'<> t
Purduo
Z-ltS
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 126
Tuesday. March S. 1940
Boilermaker Rally Downs Sucker Five 34-31; Take Undisputed Big Ten Bhampionship Crown
Lions Honor Team. Coach Tonight At Net Banquet
Purdue’s Boilermakers proved themselves Champions last night—true Champions only could come from behind and win when the chips were down—and they will be honored as such tonight at the annual Lafayette Lion’s Club banquet at 6 o’clock in the south Union -ballroom. The banquet will honor not only the team, however, but also, the man who tonight saw his team win their 11th championship since he took over the coaching job at the University—^Ward Lambert. ' According to banquet chairman
Edward F. Degering, a record of approximately 400 University students, faculty members, and townspeople will be on hand to honor the
Big Ten Champions. Former Lt. Governor
40 Officers Aftend University Traffic Training Program Forty police officers representing thirty-odd Indiana cities attended yesterday’s opening session of the University Traffic Officers’ Training School. The officers, nearly twothirds of whom are chiefs, heard informative talks by Dean Knapp and Prof. J. L. Lingo of the University, Superintendent Don F. Stiver and Sergeant P. T. Beverforden of the
State Police.
The school, which has as its primary purpose the uniform enforcement of Indiana traffic regulations, is being conducted by the Public Safety Institute of the University in co-operation with the Automobile Protective and Information Bureau and the Indiana State Police. All classes nre being held ip room 254,
EE building.
According to Prof. Lingo, University Training School Director, the campus program represents only a portion of the curriculum which includes an in-service training program for police departments in Indiana’s larger cities. Six cities have taken advantage of this unique training program since its recent
inauguration.
Harold Van Orman, of Evansville, lieutenant gdvernor for the term 1924-1928, will serve as toastmaster tonight. Van Orman has performed in this function at several previous banquets on the campus, and has a wide reputation throughout Indiana and Illinois as an entertaining humorist. President E. C. Elliott will present the principal address o^ the evening. A highlight of the banquet will be the election by members of the present squad of the captain for the 1941 Boilermaker quintet. Honor “Piggy” Particular tribute will be paid tonight to the man who has guided Boilermaker quintets to 11 of their Big Ten championships earned in past years. Ward “Piggy” Lambert. Along with Lambert, Captain Fred Beretta, Dan Fisher, and Elwood Yeager, three seniors who have been mainstays of the squad for the past three net campaigns, will be feted. During the evening announcement will be made of varsity basketball letter awards for the 1940 season by Coach Lambert. Freshman mentor “Dutch” Fehring will announce rhinie numeral awards.
Reporter Gets Quick Preview Of Union Industrial Art Exhibit
By Gordon Fletcher
It started out like a regular assignment.' All they said was, “There’s an
So we started out
University Section Of AChS Planning Annual Conference Dr. Thomas DeVries, chairman of the University section of the American Chemical Society, and other faculty members of the department of Chemistry are planning the program of the annual mid-western sectional meeting of the American Chemical Society which will be held June 14 and 15 on the campus. The theme of the conference will be the recent trends in the fields of chem-
istry.
Dr. DeVries is assisted in the arrangements by Dr. F. J. Allen, secretary of the committee. Those in charge of the sectional meetings for the conference are as follows: Dr. R. F. Newton for the analytical, inorganic and physical sections; Dr. cation and history section; Dr. H. F. D. Martin for the chemical eduB. Hass for the organic and pharmaceutical sections; and Prof. R. Norris Shreve, industrial and en-
gineering section.
The final program, which will be will include arrangements for open completed before the end of March, house programs in the two new buildings devoted to agricultural chemistry and chemical and metallurgical engineering. WAA Plans Primary Election, Constitution Revisions Monday WAA members will hold primary elections and will vote on revisions to their constitution at a inass meeting Monday, March 11, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym. Final elections will be held on March 20. I The following people have been nominated and will be introduced at the meeting. Eileen Westover and Jane Fishleigh, president; Eleanor Harrison and Opal Blagrave, vicepresident; Katherine Ade and Mary Louise Laswell, secretary; Marjorie Ward and Mary Pidgeon, treasurer. Further nominations may be made
from the floor.
All WAA members desiring positions on the council for next year, are to fill in application blanks at the WAA office. Twenty places on the council will be filled from the
list of applicants.
industrial art exhibit in the reception rooms. Cover it.”
for the reception rooms (by way of the sweet shop). m • f i r* ## Arriving there a quarter of an hour later we walked in prepared to DQOflS SaleS Staff view some art. Nothing but chairs in the first room. Not even chairs in ... a ^ the second room. “Some art” we thought as we retreated to the west desk YflU Meet T00ay
in search of Dottie. She at least could explain the situation.
But she couldn’t. Even the faith-
ful calendar didn’t mention the exhibit. We muttered our thanks and / went back to the sweet shop. Finishing the last of our ice we thought “She did mention a name and something about the Union office.” “Pete” Helps So we went up to the office and asked Lillian Peterson where the exhibit was. She explained that due to a number of things the display would not be available before noon today. When we told her how hard we had been trailing the thing she offered us a preview, crated in the
storeroom.
We waited while she finished immediate tasks and then trailed her through parts of the Union we hardly knew existed down to the store room. Here we met the man in charge who showed us where the
crates were.
Catsup, Coke . . . Looking around we saw vegetable shortening, catsup, cases of coke, “kill dust,” pencils, and everything but art. A case labeled “Quiet May” was pointed out as one of the articles to be exhibited. May, called by some “burner beautiful,” bore a tag
saying, “Equipped with a number seven atomizer.” She turned out to be an oil burner, streamlined to the
last detail.
Another case labeled “fragile” contained the latest in earthenware. Dinner plates, tea cups, saucers, and relish rosettes of all colors were inside. Alongside was a ° Polaroid desk lamp designed for modern streamlined studying. Near this was a stainless steel billing machine called a Wiz register. / Old Phones In another part of the room, completely isolated from the rest of the “exhibit” was a collection of telephones dating from about 1890 to the future. The earliest models had cranks, a thing one sees seldom nowdays except in the movies. The latest model was an adaptation of the cradle phone that fitted the ear
perfectly.
And so we previewed the exhibit. Sometime today the display in the reception rooms should be open. It will be interesting to see what industrial art looks like without the crates, excelsior, and storeroom background.
An important meeting of the entire 1940 Debris sales staff will be held in room 305 (old room B) of the Union today at 4 o’clock. All freshmen and sophomores on the
sales staff are to attend.
Several important topics will be discussed, including sophomore petitions. Information of importance to every member of the staff is to be devulged, according to John Van Horn, junior business manager. Any freshmen who are interested in Debris but who have not turned out
are invited to come.
AgChem Club Will Hear H. k Tucker Tomorrow Agi’icultural Chemistry Club will hear H. H. Tuckfer, formerly of the New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station and now manager of the Educational and Research Bureau for By-Product Ammonia, tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 288 of the Union. The speaker will present a motion picture on the manufacture of ammonium sulphate. All students and faculty members are invited to attend this meeting.
Last Minute Scoring Spree Beats lllini/ Pep Meeting Tonight At Union At 9
By ROLFE JENKINS, Exponent Sports Editor
Huff Gym, Champaign', 111., March 4—^An invincible Gold and Black quintet came from behind in the last nine minutes of play to overcome a 10 point defiicit and defeat the mini 34-31 tonight, and add another undisputed conference championship to the( honor roll of Purdue hardwood teams. Completing a grand season total of 514 points, two higher than the previous record of 512 set by the 1934 Boilermaker squad. But it wasn’t just like that. The troublesome Hoosiers, who handed the Boilermakers their only two setbacks of the year, did everjrthing they could to tie for the title by trouncing the also challenging Buckeyes 52-31, and set the season’s record with 519 points. With three-fourths of tonight’s game gone the Illinois held a 29-19 lead
and the Hoosiers seemed to have an excellent chance to reach their goal. Last Quarter Rally Wins
Ell" 11T n 1 Illinois, however, had failed to account for an undefeatable til lot I lO P rOSOnt spirit which the Boilermakers have exhibited consistently this
season and which enabled them to pile up 15 points while the
hit pAllfCA losing Illinois quintet was held to only two free throws. Chief My tllimi vUUIJv among the stars who turned the trick for Purdue were three ■^■1 C ■ J alumni of Illinois high schools: Tierney of Chicago, Blanken of Uiploiltss rndsy Dundee, and Sprowl of Oblong scored 23 of the Boilermakers’ ' points. Sprowl made seven of the priceless markers during the
Pr^entation of graduaSon cev. rally which dosed the game,
tificates by President E. C. Elliott
„ . J . . .1.. , • With the home team in the lead Friday will bring this year’s agri- n . t
cultural Winter Short Course to a f'1® f! 'dly began. Igney hit a aU. In the last four minutes, Sprowl close. The presentation will take '"“=*ately dropped in the winning free throw place at exercises Friday morning. and cinched the game with a setup Thursday, a banquet will be held in Tonight at approximately 9 ® beautiful pass from scrap-
the Union ballroom. Mr. L. F. Liv- o’clock students, faculty, and towns- PV Mickey Tierney, ingston, head of the DuPont Agri- people will congregate in front of Rough Affair
cultural Extension Division, will the Memorial Union building to The game wasn’t an afternoon tea speak. Also at the banquet, awards greet Purdue’s 1939-40 basketball party. All five starters for the IIfor scholastic attainment, judging, champions. Yell leader Bill Dunshee yjjois team fouled out of the game, and athletics will be made. wiH be on hand to introduce the three being sent to the showers dur-
Activities major lettermen. Coach “Piggy” ing the last 53 seconds, during which
In addition to the regular schol- Lambert, and the captain for 1940- .^g^g committed, none astic pursuits, which are divided 41. In the event of bad weather the gf ^yhich the Boilermakers chose to into four options, the winter course ‘‘aWy will be held indoors. accept for tosses. The total number students, under the supervision of of personals for the lllini was 28 activities chairman F. B. Robbins followed with another basket to as compared to 16 for the Boiler-
of the Agronomy department, have make the score 29-23. The lllini makers, a complete athletic program, a 14 called for time out. Summary:
piece orchestra,, a 25 voice glee club. Fireworks Begin PURDUE (34) FG FT PP
a special entertainment series, radio tt
broadcasts, awards for scholarship Handlon s free throw followed the Sprowl, f 5 2 S and athletic prowess, and a great ■ ‘•>e ^reworks sterted. Tierney, f 2 3 1 many other activities. Blanken swished a perfect looper Blanken, c 1 2 3 The course started® January 15. from far out on the court. Sprowl Fisher, g 0 1 4 r,j . -a, Ji, missed two free throws, but made Yeaefer. p- 0 14, 34 courses in either of the four op- - a.. . . ^ !■ x cos ex, g v x ^ tions g-eneral asriculture dairv intercepting a pass Igney, f 3,0 0 tions general apcultrae daipy dribbling more than half the Beretta, g 0 10 manufactures, animal husbandry, , a,a, a. a. , , .ucxcuLa, s - u x u ... 1 . rr 1 length of the floor to nut in a bucket Garess, g i n 0 and dairy production were offered. i.- , ata. a.i- t, -i i i i , vaoicoo, g x u u A n 4! xiT -a. a. J which left the Boilermakers behind —
All of the courses were instructed v , • a. or. on _ ,
by regufar members of the School totals 12 10 16
of Agriculture faculty. Sprowl flipped in another basket a few seconds later, but it came a ILLINOIS (31) FG FT PP
»J I |i second after the whistle blew, and Evers f 3 4 4 Meacham, rerguson Blank® stepped to the charity hue Hapac, f ';.~;.Z. 6 3 4 ' ^ but missed, still leaving the Boilfr- Wukovits c 114 Dnrnirin nrnmntinor makers one point shy. Handlon. g ..'.ZZI0 6 4 KcCvlf U I lUmOIlllilj Beretta missed another chance to Sachs,g 0 0 4
tie the score; then Evans made the Drish, c-f 0 0 2
Mr. R. Meacham, ChE ’16, will last point for the lllini, sending Cronk, g-f 0 0 0 become manager of the Baltimore them ahead 31-29. Red Caress, the Shapiro, f 0 0 2 and Charleston refineries, because ^aan who won the Wisconsin over- Hocking, g 0 0 1 of the retirement of E. A. Ruediger, time game, then pitched a one- Frank, f-g ,. 0 0 8 present manager. Meacham, who handed shot straight at the rim, it — — —. was general superintendent at Bay- bounced in, tieing the score at 31 Totals 9 13 28
way refineries at Linden, will be succeeded by Mr. Ferguson, ChE ’20.
gte“udnrd„““l2; Gold Peppers Will Announce Pledges cuse University. He started work- l.C* j. ^ J r\ f* ing at Bayway in 1918, and became At f IfSt C^O'CCF Dlu DOnCO Of SOmeStet general superintendent in ’26. ‘ Ferguson worked six years with ^ burst of firsts ^first all-cam- ————————————————— the Colonial Beacon Oil Company, co-ed bid dance of the semester, anklets, gazing wistfully at a Gold and later joined the Franco-Amer- first woinan’s honorary to an- peppers hat, and will set the keyicaine de Raffinage. He was ap- nounce its pledges—Gold Peppers pointed assistant general superin- come through with its dance on evenmg. tendent at Bayway in 1938. Friday, March 8. Departing from Warpy Waterfall and his orches- ’ custom for another first, the an- tra will play for dancing; the same Rinlonv Cf j## nouncement of pledges will be made group played last year under Hal DiUlUgy laiaTT in a novel manner which is to be Lieber, and may even be remem- ... members will hold their regu- as Jimmy lar monthly dinner meeting tonight . .. Cathcart’s orchestra, at 6 o’clock in rooms 332 and 334 of Representing the feminine coun- Tickets are only a dollar, and the Union. An informal social hour terpart of the Gimlet Club, athletic they may be obtained at sorority will follow the dinner. boosting honorapr, the similarity houses. Women's Residence Halls, carried further when the or ^t a table outside the sweet shop. Expononl' StAtt Gold Pepper s pledges appear on the Why not take advantage of your opAll elected members of the Ex- cainpus in their little black “dinks,” portunity and come enjoy the exponent staff will meet tomorrow which will be turned gold side out forts of the dance committee, Mary in the conference room of the Ag- after initiation. Petticrew, Louise Schickler, Marricnlture Experiment Station at At the dance, tlie backdrop will garet Stocker, Georgann SchilUng, 4:15 p. m. show a co-ed in typical uniform of and Ruth Hall? And, incidentally, INSLEY. sweater, skirt, saddle shoes and gret in some good work of yonrewnli>t I r J'. f~
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday^ Mctrch 5, 1940
Florists Will Meet Anthony V. Postello Senate Announces Co-eds Will Compete Tomorrow For 13th To Receive Award Hew Typing Service In Final Telegraphic
Annual Convention
T^yroximately 360 Indiana florists ■'1^1 convene here tomorrow for a two <fey conference to discuss rneaii^ of improving yields, quality, and salability of floral products. The conference, the 13th of an annual series, was planned by growers, salesmen, and employees in cooperation with the State Florists’ Association. Varied Topics Tomorrow’s program will feature addresses by Norman Stanley, Indianapolis; Wayne Clark, ConnerSville; C. D. Hubbard, Terre Haute; and Inez Williams, Columbus, Ohio. Topics to be discussed include plant bedding, future possibilities, merchandising, and floral demonstrations. Dr. Laurenz Green, head of the University horticulture department, will preside over the morning meeting. In the afternoon, Clarence Greene of Indianapolis will be in charge. Floral Musical The evening program includes a floral musical under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University choral director. Singing will start at 8 p. m. in the south Union ballroom. Included on Thursday morning’s program will be addresses by Prof. G. H. Poesch, Ohio State University; Dr. C. C. Comption of the University of Illinois; and a general discussion on roses, carnations, and chrysanthemums. In the afternoon a general problem discussion will be in charge of Dave Vesey of Fort Wayne.
Cadet Captain Anthony V. Pustello, ME ’40, will receive the Cary Cup, annually awarded to the senior military officer ranking highest in military history and United States policy, at the annual Cadet Officers’ luncheon in the Union south ballroom today. Col. D. M. Beere, PMST, will make .the presentation. Two-hundred persons, including Purdue military instruction staff officers, cadet officers, and members of the University faculty, are expected to attend, according to Lt.Col. J. A. Pickering. Beta Theta Pi . , , social fraternity, announces the pledging of Don Carley, Dayton, Ohio; George A. Corbus, Ottawa, 111.; Ddnald W. Meier, Wilmette, 111.; William E. Musselman, Poland, O.; Lon A. Neese, Beloit, Wis.; LeRoy H. Nichols, Fostoria, O.; Robert H. Olsen, Cleveland Heights, 0.; George W. Reed, Chicago; and Dwight Spofford, Dayton,
0.
Ii/ making the rounds Saturday night after the game your editor was so discouraged by the looks on the students’ faces that he just couldn’t try to write a column Sunday. Today with your regular dirt dispenser back on the job, we have a little dispensing to do. —B & B— Gordon Ehder’s Course ... . . . for deficient engineers (and lovers) had a new twist to it yesterday. Our “informer”, Mr, Enders, made the announcement that he would frown on any couples he saw in amorous positions . . . in other words he (Mr. Enders) objects to members of the opposite sex having their arms around each other. , —-B & B— The point we couldn’t seem to understand was that Tom Gardner, Beta Gable, seemed to have an .extremely bad case of sunburn at that moment. Could it be that he puts his arm in a protective position on the back of Helen Ritchey’s chair? ’Tain’t spring yet, Tom. —B & B— We have better proof than the current rains to prove that spring can’t be far off . . . or haven’t you noticed that last year’s broken romance of Marge Baldwin and Bud Evers, Phi Kappa Sig seems to be reconciled ? —B & B— From the Theta Xi house comes the plea for someone to do something about Bill Thompson. The boys are having a dance in the near future and Billy boy is without a date. The plea even touched our hard hearts when we learned that Thompson is the social chairman. Girls that want to spend an uneventful evening, please call 6295. UNPAID AD. —B&B— Phi Belt, Bill Hosier, who was a Kappa mainstay dast year has.been accused of changing his hunting grounds. Bill has been noticed frivolously flitting around the Theta lodge. -^B &B— Notice: For the benefit of your still slumbering Gimlet brothers, we suggest that all fraternity men move about the house with the quietness of an Alpha Xi supping soup. It is a well-known fact that the Gimlets went to last night’s game for other reason^ than to just witness the game.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Activities Bureau: Important compulsory meetiiftg on Tuesday, March 6, for all Activities Bureau Staff members (seniors, juniors, sophomores, and freshmen.) -rBREUER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, March 6, at 7:30 p. m., in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building. Everyone is urged to attend. —PITCHER.
•Purdue Student Alliance: Meeting Tuesday, March 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 305 of the Union. —PHILLIPS.
Union Workers: Important meeting of the entire music room stif Tuesday, March 6, af4:15 p. m. in the Union office. —TILT.
Modern Dance Groups: All girls expecting to be in Mothers’ Day performance must rehearse Tuesday, March 5, at 7 p. m. —KNIGHT.
Alpha Phi Omega: Smoker Wednesday, March 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. All men interested please attend. —McCAMMON.
WAA Basketball: Class callout at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 5, Memorial Gym. —SMITH.
Student Senate: Junior project committee reports due Tuesday, March 5. —FISHBURN.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 p. m. on Tuesday, March 6, in room 304 of the Union. —BELLES.
Mortar Board : Meeting Tuesday, March 5, at 5 :45 p. m. in the Theta house. —SAURER.
Debris Salesmen: There will be an important meeting of all Debris salesmen, including freshmen, Tuesday, March 5 at 4 p. m., in room 305 of the Union. —McNEIL.
CE 6 Conditions: Examination will be held room 10). of the civil building Tuesday,
rom 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips
in CE 102.
-TODD.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 301 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 23. —IVpSSERSMITH. YWCA: Elections are approaching. Check up at office any afternoon from 4 to 5 o’clock to see If you have your dues paid in' full and are eligible to vote. Deadline is Friday, March 8 at 5 p. m. —SWANEY.
Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday, March 7, at 7:15 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —MILLER. Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting Thursday, March 7 at 6 p. m. in the Phi Kappa Psi house. —CATTERALL.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the Union for symposium on graduate study. —CATTERALL.
Eta Kappa Nu : Joint meeting with Tau Beta Pi at 7:30 in the east faculty lounge of the Union, Wednesday, March 6. —KEEN.
Pi Tau Sigma: Joint meeting with TauBeta Pi at 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the Union. —EILERING.
Chi Epsilon: joint meeting with Tau Beta Pi at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the Union. —CORNELL.
Thirty-Three Club: No meeting this week. Positively will be a meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 7:30 p. m., in room 307 (old room C) of the Union. This room has been reserved for each Tuesday the rest of the semester. —HECKMAN.
Flying Club: Special, very important meeting for all A members in room 328 of the Union at 7 p. m., Wednesday, March 6. A revised list of flight rules will be discussed, voted on, and signed by everyone. —KIMBALL.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, 7 p. m., room 305 in the Union building. All actives be present to elect Spring Pledges. —CORNELL.
Ceres: Regular meeting Tuesday night, March 5, at 7 o’clock in room 302, Union building. Important. —BRUNK.
Cadet Officers: Luncheon will be held in the north ballroom of the Union, March 6, at noon. —WARD.
A I Ch E Members: Dinner meeting originally planned for March has been postponed .until April because of inspection' trip. Higburg has consented to speak to us in April, and banquet will be held .then. Watch for further announcements. (3-9) MEYERS.
Student Senate is organizing a typing service for the use of University students. The Senate will act as intermediary between the student typist and the student having work to be typed; who’ will contact the Senate office for the typist’s address. f ^ Harry Lay son and Myra McKee, co-chairmen in charge of the service, will hold a meeting of those interested in re^steriing for typing work on Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Senate office, room 360 of the Union. The student typists will determine a standard rate at this meet-
ing.
Activities Bureau Offers Personnel Data Sheets With graduation in about three months, seniors are advised to buy their personnel data sheets from the Purdue Activities Bureau in room 366 of the Union, One hundred copies can be obtained for $3,85 and two hundred copies for $4.85. The Activities Bureau has had a call for all seniors to hand in a list of their college activities. Responsibility for having the data printed lies in the hands of the Activities Bureau.
Fraternity Freshmen: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m. in room 204 of the Union. —BALDWIN.
Undergraduate Dames: .Open House 'Tuesday, March 6, at 8 p, m., in room 363 of the Union. —DENZLER.
Ag Chem. Club: Open meetin'g Wednesday, March 6, at 7:30 in room 203 of the Union'. Motion pictures. —HARPER.
Gold Peppers; There will be a meeting Tuesday, l^rch 6, in room A of 'the Union'. Every member is requested to be present. —MITCHELL.
Purdue Sports Women: Important meeting Tuesday, March 5, at 5 p. m. in 'WAA office. Attendance compulsory. —MATHER.
STUDENTS ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed. March 6th 7:00 p. m. To Experienced Dancers ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs. March 7th 7:00 p.m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli and Vtactj
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Joint meeting with Tau Beta Pi at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday. March 6, in the east faculty lounge of the! Union. —HALL.
Six University cb-eds Will compete tonight ifi the second and final round of the intercollegiate telegraphicswimming meet in the women’s gym at 7:30 o’clock. The first pa.rt of the meet was held on February 29. This evening’s events are the 40 yard free style, 100 yard free style, 40 yard backstroke, and 80 yard free style relay. Among the eolleges entered in the meet are Vassar, Wellesly, Cornell, Duke, and University of Galifornia. This is the first year that the University has entered the event. The best scores of the meet will be sent to Indiana, the district hostess, for tabulation. Those competing in tonight’s events are Betty Spear, Shirley Imhoff, Barbara Ford, Mary Johnston, Eileen Westover, and Eileen Kirkhoff. All students are invited to attend the meet. There will be no charge for admission. Leora Mabbett ... of the University library staff, died last Saturday afternoon at a Martinsville Hospital. Miss Mabbett h^d been employed as head catalo^er at the library. Funeral services were held Sunday jafternoon.
All Studeivts: Students interested in securing part-time work through the State Employment Service should supply the office on North Fourths Street with their present schedule of classes, so the employment officers will know 'when the students have free time to work. (3-6) —WALTERS. PIA Dance Class: Due to unforseen difficulties the first meeting of the class will have to be postponed. There will .definitely be a meeting 'Wednesday, March 6, in room 363 of the Union at 7:30. p. m. —LUTZ.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 6, at 7 :3b p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —KNIPP.
G. E, 11, 12: An examination' for removal of “C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1 p. m. in room 210. Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must “make arrangements with the undersigned on of before March 9. —RISING.
M. E. 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of conditions in M.E. 61 will be held April 6. at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 23 at noon. —MESSERSMITH.
C. E. 41: An examination for 'the removal of “C” grades will be held in room 126, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to March 13. —GREVE.
Examinations for condition romovals in History, Economies and Government: These will be held Saturday, Idareh 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Buildiiig. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —BSTEY.
Purdue Agriculturist; Meeting of the business staff in the Ag office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 6. —WHITHAM.
w Iwith Geoi^e MURPHY • Frank MORGAN Im MUNTIR«Florence RICE • lynne CARVER —1. ^ A ^kao-(/o/c/a/l//f-MsNa ncmim^
LliHA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS--2ND FEATURE
GHIN AND aiAll IT
By Lidity
H-
Coor. lMO by Crmted Feature • a z. Offf-H righto
‘Friends o’f the bride will be seated oh the right—^friends of<the groom on the left—neutrals, in the rear!”
YWCA Cabinet: Meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 4 p. m., in the YWCA office. —COOLEY.
Classified Ads
FOB MALM FOR SALE—Tyliewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repair^ Neiv portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. EberahpS, 606 Main street.
Wanted—A Tuxedo, size 88; long. Call Markus. 3036. FOR RENT For Rent—7 Room House, Modern. 3 blocks from Jeff. Phone 56092.
For Rent—Well furnished sleeping room. Private. Residence. Phone 66092 after 6. (3-3, 6, 6)
LOST AND FOUND Lost—Black Carter’s fountain pen. Finder please call, Fisher. 81762.'Reward.. Will person who “borrowed” my reversible raincoat from the biology buildin'g Saturday. morning please return to Lost and Found or Cary Hall, Northwest. —Gephart 8436.
Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
mads TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS Power ■ dive drama... Sky •Ugb rondnui
RICHARD DIX CHESTER MORRIS LUCILLE BALL
RKO RADIO Picture i>rSTEFFrOUNA*JOHN ELDREOGE — PLUS — The Higgins Family in a Riot of Laughs and Loon-Antics! MONEY TO BURN — WITH— ' James - Russell > Lucile Gleason
'V'
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a . College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop ^Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Hardware / ' -■ ■ ■ '
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—-Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tailor
• Dine
sparrendAhl Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Jewelers
R. C EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.^ . Tuesday* March 5* 1940
£xpMttjnL fioifiL
1 #
Boilermakers Entertain Big Ten Wrestling Teams Attracted by the complete facilities offered on the Boilermaker campus, the Big Ten wrestling championships are slated for this week-end, March 8 and 9 in the fieldhouse. Mat stars representing all of the conference schools will assemble here Friday morning to be weighed in, and then enter the preliminaries and quarter-finals in the afternoon. The si^i-finals are scheduled for Friday night, with the finals following on Saturday afternoon.
No less than six new individual champions will be crowned in the two-day mat meeting, for only Minnesota’s captain, Dale Hansen, ^nd McDaniel, an Indiana 165-pounder, will return to defend their titles. McDaniel^was one of the principal factors in Indiana’s capturing top honors last year. But three teams will be pressing the Hoosiers to the last ditch in this year’s free-for-all. This trio of teams, Minnesota, Illinois and Michigan, all figured proniinently in the championships last season, and have made good records thus far in the new season.
In the eight weight classes, there are few ranking favorites, which indicates that some of the keenest competition in years may be expected. The 121 pound class promises plenty of action with Purdue’s Casey Fredericks, a sophomore who captured the Midwest A. A. U. laurels in his weight, and is undefeated in eight dual meets, locking holds with Livovich of Indiana, and Sherman, a Hawkeye, who finished second and third, respectively in last year’s championships. Named the outstanding collegiate
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
March 5
Dear Diary /„.! got i» ^t-end «> Pordoo. E^rything «»» 1“*' perfect. 1 stayed at the netc .. 1/ (If'a
JPUL fiuhduSL WsumsriLaL TAmmL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of AtiMAes
lUhleflc Carnival Tryoub Will Begin Tomorrow Preliminaries of the annual athletic carnival will soon get under way, it was announced yesterday by the intra-mUral department. The putting preliminaries will commence on Wednesday afternoon in t^e subbasement of the Fieldhouse, lasting from 4:00 until 6:30, and will continue through the following Monday, with the twelve best performers going to the finals. Those en-~ tering must use golfballs supplied by the department, but may use their own clubs if they prefer. No person should try more than once each day. The competition is adjudged on a basis of the most shots made out of twenty-five. The pitching contest will be conduqted along the same lines and is scheduled to start on Thursday, the seventh. In the football pass all entrants will use balls supplied by the department, v^ith activities starting this Friday. The same rules will prevail except that this event will be held in the main section of the fieldhouse.
wrestler of the nation last season, Capt. Hansen of Minnesota is a favorite to retain his title in the 128 pound division. The grappling Gopher has won all of his starts in three years of dual competition. Hoosiers Are Dangerous Wilson, of Indiana, and an Illini representative, Emmons, are rated as the most dangerous in the 136 pound class. Roman, a Hoosier 145pounder, is placed about on a par with Ohio State’s Montanaro, who defeated the Hoosier favorite earlier in the season. Janesko, another Gopher, must watch Seabrook, of Illinois, and Capt. Willey closely in the 155 pound division. Other favorites include McDaniel, the Hoosier favorite who stands high above all others in the 165pound class; Inman, of Michigan, at 175 pounds; and Sikick, of Illinois, who rightfully has his eyes on the heavyweight crown. Big A1 Rossi, the Riveter’s heavyweight, is rated as a dark horse in this event.
iistUbutk (fhoiai hj Kobert J. Deekard Coach Piggy Lambert avers he’s the finest guard he’s seen in the last two years; sports experts think he’s one of the best back-court men that ever trod a hardwood floor; we think he’s the best all-around player we’ve seen in a coon’s age. —^fc— But, for ye olde intestinal fortitude, or just plain “guts,” we earnestly believe that Captain Freddie Beretta, guard on the Boilermaker net contingent, has more than any guy we’ve ever seen. . . . And the fact has been attested to more times than once. —^fc— For example, we have on our desk a bit of information about Beretta that IS certainly worthy of comment. ... We may call this a “Story Behind the News.” —^fc— It seems that Freddie, Saturday night just before the Indiana game, fainted from causes tha,t we do not know of at the present time. . .. Freddie, true athlete and sport that he IS, didn’t do any griping about his own personal trouble and went into the affair in the evening to play an excellent ball game. . . Boy, that’s neive! —^fc— Towards the end of the game, every spectator who was at the ball game saw Freddie dart towards the basket to take a crip shot, lose his balance, and fall on the floor with a bang. . . . The fall wasn’t just an ordinary one, but one that would have made the average athlete look longingly towards the bench for the coach to yank him out^ But not Beretta. . . . He stuck. . . . And it wasn’t for a moment or two later that Lambert realized the gravity of Beretta’s condition, and, finally, he inserted Danny Fisher into Beretta’s post, taking him out after he had played almost every minute of the game. —^fc— Incidentally, Freddie was hurt so badly that he was taken from the game to a hospital. . . . And he was in for hospitalization all day Sunday And he came back last night to turn in another swell game.
IMPORTANT TO ALL STUDENTS WEARING GLASSES Do you know that broken lenses can be replaced without a prescription by testing even a small piece of the broken lense. QUICK SERVICE Glasses left with us before 10:00 in the morning will be returned by 5 o’clock in the afternoon of the same day. <
Glasses for repair may be left at either our east side store, 434 Main Street or our West Lafayette store in Southworth’s Book Store. GERRY MOHLMAN 434 Main Street 308 State Street Lafayette West Lafayette
Riveter Trackmen Enter Conference Meet Friday It’s back to competition again for Purdue’s newly crowned state champion swim squad, and this time the boys travel aH the way down to Columbus, Ohio, at the home of Ohio State University, for their conference meet of the year. The entire Big Ten is to be represented at Columbus at the tourney which is to be held this coming Friday and Saturday, making it one ol the most important Conference swim battles held during the^ current season. ,
Michigan Favored Althwgh the records seem to favor s(|uads from Michigan, Ohio State and Iowa, the Boilermaker who should he right up among the leaders, if their performances next Friday and Saturday come up to the fast pace which saw them crowned Indiana State champs last week in the Indiana University pool. Tingley, Branner, and Anderson, who shaved the 300 yard medley relay record down to a scanty 3:13.8 in last Saturday’s meet, will be shooting for new honors at Columbus. The new state mark set by Branner, Herr, Smith and Kratzer swimming in the 400 yard relay was 3:48.8. Here again is a dangerous combination m any conference. Smith, number three man, made a 68:4 on his lap, breaking one minute for the first time. Kratzer Is A PU Hop'Cful Dick Kratzer, one of the mainstays of the Boilermaker squad, holds two state records, the 100 and 220 yard free style, and along with Graham, new state champ in the 440, will probably be shining brightest for the Boilermakers. The University of Michigan, however, IS favored by most to carry away the blue ribbon. Dick Papenguth, Purdue’s swimming mentor, stated that Mat Mann, Michigan’s swimming coach, has at the present time “the finest team ever,” and continued with “and he’s had plenty of ’em!” The Sharmett brothers led off the parade of Wolverine swim stars, one handling the breaststroke event, and the other specializing in the crawl. In the 220 and 440 yard events. Wolverine Jim Welsch has, thus far, led in practically every meet this season, and backstrokers Beebe, Reidle and Heydt have been taking more than their share of top honors. The Michigan squad also boasts of Charlie Barker, commonly recognized as the greatest sprinter in the country, along with Gillis, another great sprinter. Wolverine Divers Feared Captain Benham, leader of the Wolverine aggregate, combined with teammates Martin and Wolin, make up a diving squad which has thus far triumphed over jBig Ten competition, and will be the favorites in next week-end’s competition.
Coach Elward Calls Varsity Candidates To Spring Practice Football made its annual spring appearance on the campus yesterday as Coach Mai Elward drilled the squad in the mud on Stuart Field. A surprisingly large turnout of 90 to 100 men ushered in the spring session that will last until early May^ An inter-squad game held during Gala Week will climax the practice. As long as possible weather conditions premitting, outdoor practice will be held every afternoon. However, if conditions become too bad, the squad will move bodily into the fieldhouse where it will work out as best it can among the track, baseball, and other squads already there. Exercises Come First Practice for the first week or ten days will consist mostly of exercises and light drill on fundamentals. As the spring wears on, formations, plays, and scrimmage will hold sway. As always. Coach Elward’s Purdue system, which is the block and tackle system, will be stressed throughout the entire session. Approximately 50 of last fall’s promising freshman squad have turned out and will be exposed for the first time to the sagacious methods of Purdue’s football mentor. The remaining forty men are sophomores, juniors, and a few seniors that are working out. Pingpong Entries . . . can still be filed at the Intramural Office for the all-campus tournament which opens tomorrow afternoon. Pairings for the matches will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. I-M Schedules
Tuesday, March 5 Court 1 • Swing 7.00—C-3 vs D-4 8:16—^Wesley vs Westminstei 8 00—Dover vs Rochdale Court 2 • Witsman 8 00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs Alpha Sigma Phi 8 15—F-3 vs S-4 Court 3: Britt 8:00—D-3 vs E-4 8:15—F-4 vs E-3
Greatly ReducekI Prices for this Special Sale
$5.00 size $3.25 $3.00 size $2.25 $1.75 size $1.35
Amazing! What a tablespoonful of St. Denis Tyrolean Pine Bath Balsam will do to the disposition of the bather. This bottle, and the "uplift" of its contents are becoming as famous as the Tyrol itself.'• t „ , •" i , J * v,il 1 » ^ ^ * . , 8 kf'j'-j* < ,, > j, , |t, 8 <’ ¥«
^iK ^ 1/
PUBDUE EXPONENT
“ J , k
Tuesday, Moircih 5, 1940
Jjumti^ JoHl Open Letter To Purdue's Cage Squad Dear Fellows: After losing a hard-fought game with Indiana last Saturday, you came back last night to defeat the Illini and take undisputed title to the Big Ten Conference basketball championship. You have given this year’s senior class a real graduation present, and the entire school is proud of you. Congratulations to you and to your coach and captain. Happy returns of the day. Most sincerely, The Exponent. To The Student Body; Last night feeling ran high at Purdue, but one of Purdue’s traditions, that of ringing the Victory Bell only after Big Ten football victories, was broken. Since 1909, when the Victory Bell became a Purdue tradition, it has been rung only after the gridiron wins. Let’s not start a counter tradition. Tonight the entire student body will get a chance to greet the victorious cagers at the pepsession in front of the Union building, after the basketball banquet, at approximately 9 o’clock. Announcements of major lettermen and the 1940-’41 captain will be presented to the student body. All out and greet the 1939-’40 Big Ten champs. In Spring . .. the Boilermaker’s fancy turns to picnics, prom, and sundry other very unacademic, very extra-curricular activities. This is all very good, provided the old term papers don’t pile up on us. In previous years it has been the custom to dispose of these term papers by waiting until
Purdue Expoaent
H. E. 1im1«t EdiUr^BrCUrf W. E. Smith _ Biuin«w Manacer D. G. Terrio, editorial director: G. W. Frederick, inaii>aainar editor; E. M. Antoninl, oenior adrertisinv maiir aeor; G. SchilUngr, co-ed editor; B. JenUns, sporte editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered aa aeeond daia matter at tba poat offioo tn Lafayette, Indiana, nnder tha act «i CoagrcM at Mareh 8, 1878, and at tha apeoial rate of poataca proridad far la section 1103, act of October 8, 1817, aothorUad Jaananr Ml 1922. Pnbliahcd daily except Moi^y dnxtac tba racalar academic year and weekly dorinp tha Snmmar Seaalon. Delivered locally by> carrier for $8 08 per year, mail anb* scription 38.S0. Represented for national advertiams by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Pablishera Keprcsentatlvea, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. AU unsigned editonals are written by the editorial director Night Editor, M[cKee Day Editor, Simpson Ass’t Night Editor, Ruffner Tuesday, March 5, 1940.
The Book that tells the story of— Cahi^ diailA, (jJomsmjL, BiLdJdsmciL dtalliL Co-opL dialLsu This Important Cross Section of the Student Body Is Well Represented. , Informal Shots Have Been Taken of You and Your Friends in all the HaUs and Houses.
mo
(UebJoA.
(fomplsdsL CampjuA. CoveAagiL
mo
Proved in Every Class Room at Purdue In every classroom you will find students wearing Crown Cleaned Clothes. Maybe you wonder what this means to you. Clothes, Crown Cleaned are moth j^iroofed by Monite Process which protects garments against moth damage for 6 mouths or until cleaned again. f — NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE — Crown Laundry riME CLEAHEB* OF FINE CLOTHES
the deadline and then running frantically to the library bulletin board to find the name of someone who could type it for us. If we could read his scribbled notice we called him up only to find that he was too busy with his own work to do us any good. Sometime^ he would put aside his own work only after much pleading on our part and the promise of extra remuneration from us. Student Senate, who by the way are fast becoming the most active pro-Purdue organization on the campus, noticed this difficulty in th^e typing business and did something about it. They propose to make it easier for the persons who want typing done to get in touch with someone who will do it for them. Thursday at 4 p. ra. Senate will hold a mass meeting of all persons interested in doing typing for students. These persons will agree on a standard price to be charged for their work. Their names and telephone numbers will be listed in a card index to be kept in the Senate office. Any student wishing typing done may call the Senate and leave their name. The Senate will turn the name over to one of its registered typists, who will in tutn get in touch with the student. Just another step toward making it easier for Boilermakers to clear their desks of term papers before finals sneak up on us. Good going, Senate. Follow it through. —R.E.I.
But Incidentally— By Romanoff Bock’s Back . . . just m case you haven’t read B & B ... he uses the same gag every year . . . Incidentally the Oak jumped the gun and got it in last Friday night... so we hear . . . Bock goes to town . . . ^ iji ;}! Orchids to Maigaret Weymouth Jackson and her Saturday Evening Post stuff about “Goon Castle ...” Could she have gone to Purdue ? ? ? % * t A How’s de gals at de Snob Factory ? ^ ^ ^ ^ Confucius say: The flattei the platter the fewer the soup.
He also said something about carrots and peas but we immediately forgot it. . .
Our bid for the presidential nomination will be backed ' by a plan to end all Confucius sayings ... It’ll also solve the national debt problem ... — Every time someone feels the urge to crack off about Confucius he has to throw a dime in an envelope and t mail it to the Secretary of the Treasury . ..
Seeing Alice Martens step into some guy’s pocket as she hopped off the street car reminded us that old picnic time IS cornin’ . . . Yipee . . .
She has her choice of either grabbing the guy by the neck or jumping for it . . . Can’t blame her for jumping for it. . . - * * * So I ain’t neat ... so what. •l! * * Let me take care of the rabbits, George . . .
Vivian boswell, operator at the busy switchboard of Chicago’s Stevens Hotel, largest in the world, takes time out to enjoy a Chesterfield Chesterfield is Amertca’s Busiest Cigarette because it's Cooler-Smoking, Bet-ter-Tasting and Definitely Milder.
Copyright 1940.
L16GETT & Mybrs
Tobacco Co.
ASK FOR CHESTERFIELD Today's Definitely Milder COOLER-SMOKING BETTER-TASTING CIGARETTE
Gall for all the good things you want in a cigarette... Chesterfield has them.
COOLNESS... Chesterfields are Cooler
MILDNESS... Chesterfields are Definitely Milder
TASTE... Chesterfields Taste Better In size, in shape, in the way they
burn, everything about Chesterfield makes it the cigarette that satisfies. You a :ant buy a better cigarette. esterfield
r ?■
r ?
r r
't