■ LI
■'»‘s " » i 'S (/v
Z.18S
Founded In 1889
%fU^4ie4li Daily Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 110
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 11, 1941
55% Oppose Lend-Lease
Exponent's Survey Indicates Students'
Need 1.000
War Issues Attitude EnQincers
For Ensigns
Fifty-five percent of the University student body are opposed to President Roosevelt’s Lend-Lease bill, which was passed by the House of Representatives Saturday, according to the Exponent Poll of Student Opinion. The survey was conducted by members of the-Exponent staff, who interviewed a cross section of University students on questions similar to those used in a cam-
pus poll in 1939.
The percentage vote of student opinions and questions are as fol-
lows:
1. Do you believe that it will ever be possible to isolate the Western Hemisphere by establishing our own political and economic system which will be an entity by itsdf ? 17.6% yes; 82.6% no. 2. Would you approve of the United States' entering the present war if it becomes apparent that we must do so to prevent an Axis victory? 41.3% yes; 68.7% no. 3. Would you bear arms to defend ihe territory of the United States? 96.8% yes; 3.2% no. 4. Would you bear arms to defend the Western Hemisphere? 73.2% yes; 26.8% no. 6. Do you feel that America’s policy of “isolation” in past years is in any way responsible for the present European situation? 32.6% yes; '67.4% no. 6. Do you favor every type of aid except man power to Britain? ■64.6% yes; 36.6% no. 7. Do you favor President Roosevelt’s Lend-Lease Bill? 46% yes;
56% no.
It is interesting to note the comparison between the answers to questions 6 and 7. In question 6, 64.6% of the student body favor every type of aid to Britain, while only 46% favor the Lend-Lease Bill, which proposes all-out aid for Great
Britain.
A comparison of the answers received in the present poll with the lesults of the 1939 survey reveals a marked change in student opinion. At that time campus sentiment was overwhelmingly anti-war and isolationist, with 76% not wishing to give all-out aid to Great Britain. Also in 1939, 30% reported that they would not fight even if the territory of the United States were invaded. Today this figure has been reduced to only 3.2%. n.a.o. AChS To Hear Fischer At Meeting Tomorrow Dr. Martin Fischer, bio-chemist at the Cincinnati College of Medicine, will discuss “Chemistry in the Fine Arts” tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 211 of Stanley Coulter hall at the February meeting of the American Chemical Society. He will demonstrate how oil paintings mayjbe retouched as well as other chemical tricks used by artists in their work. Dr. Fischer has made a hobby of the chemistry ■of paints and has developed a highly popular lecture and demonstra-
tion around his hobby.
The talk is open to the public and will be preceded by a dinner for Dr. "Fischer in the Chestnut room
of the Union. e.g.k.
ALCO Manager To Speak At Freshman Mass Meeting ^Robert Puller, personnel manager of the Aluminum Company of
America, will be the principal , speaker at the annual freshman /\C3CI9
mass meeting to be held Thursday, February 20, in Eliza Fowler Hall. , He will discuss what campus activities mean to an employer.
Yarnell Tells Senior, junior Engineers USNR Wants 1000 College Men One thousand college graduates,
in engineering will receive Ensign’s commissions in the Naval Reserve and be called to active service in June. That, according to Rear Admiral H. E. Yarnell, will be the result of the present tour of colleges and univerities by himself and his interviewing staff to acquire men for the Navy bureaus of Ordnance, Aeronautics, Ships, and Navigation.
Yesterday at 4 p. m. the Admiral
addressed 600 junior and senior engineers in the EE lecture room, following which. Captain W. R. Van Auken, Bureau of Ordnance; Lt. E. R. Godfrey, Bureau of Aeronautics; Lt. J. A. Hartmon, Bureau of Ships; and Commander J. R. Lannom, Bureau of Navigation; explained the work their particular departments had to offer the various fields of en-
gineering.
Continue Today
Today Admiral Yarnell and his staff will continue their explanation by personal interview with all juniors and seniors who are interested, beginning at 9 a. m. They will be situated in the hall connecting the Administration Building to the Hall
of Music.
Seniors who follow through with applications, which will first be considered by the heads of the various schools here to expedite selection of men, may receive notification that
(Continued on page 4)
Sockman Addresses 3000 At Convocation; Choir, Glee Club Sing Speaking before over 3,000 students, faculty, and townspeople in the Hall of Music Sunday morning. Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church, New York City, told in four acts the “Drama of Deliv-
erance.”
Going into the Lord’s Prayer for his topic. Dr. Sockman chose the phrase, “. . . and deliver us from evil” for the basis of his drama. In the first act, he told his audience, peoples of old sought to remove evil from themselves by taking it out on another, such as the scapegoat. Hence the common remark, “He’s the goat.” The other acts depicted sinners taking it out on themselves, strong “good Samaritans” helping the weak, and God suffering himself while guarding the sin-
ful world.
“Twenty-five years ago,” Dr. Sockman said, “a few moments at the beginning and the end of each day were devoted to worship. But nov^ we open and close the day, not looking at ourselves, but with fingers pointed at the sins and crimes of others as seen by the eyes of the
newspaper and radio.”
Prof. Oakel F. Hall of the education department presided in the absence of President Elliott. “Glory to God in the Highest” and “To Thee, 0 Lord” were rendered by the Uni? versity choir, while the Men’s Glee Club concluded with Sibelius’ “Fin-
landia.” l.w.a.
. . , social fraternity, announces the pledging of Roger Brown, Lowell, and Robert Gallatin, Garrett.
i.i*-.Froivi All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War Newy
Fo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine • England, Rumania Break “Boldly precipitating the situation caused by Rumanian collaboration with Hitler’s Balkan program,” radios George Weller from Bucharest, “the British minister at noon today placed in the hands of the government a note severing diplomatic relations.” « • Axis Fosifion Difficult With the advance of the British in Africa, cables Helen Earkpatrick from London, “the Axis position becomes more difficult and the moment when Germany is fdreed to take over France and French Africa seems practically reached.” * ♦ * • DaHan-Nazi Cooperation “As vice-premier and foreign minister, Adm. Darlan is expected to repursue the policy of collaboration with Germany,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy.” An important reshuffle in the government is anticipated.” ♦ * * o British Fleet Serves Notice The British fieet, by shelling Genoa while the R. A. F. was bombing Leghorn and Pisa, has served notice, it is said in London, that it controls not only the Mediterranean proper but also the main line of communication between France and Africa. ♦ * * o Nazi Civilians Enter Bulgaria Bulgarian newspapers today omitted all reference to Winston Churchill’s comments on Bulgaria and the possibility that Germany may invade it. A Swiss dispatch says Bulgaria is daily being entered by many Nazis in civilian clothing. * * * • British Capture Karora Launching a new drive against the Italians in Eritrea, the British have captured the Red Sea port of Mersa Taclai and the town of Karora, it was announced in Cairo. ♦ ♦ • • Russ-Jap Trade Treaty Russia and Japan have opened negotiations for a trade treaty amid what a dispatch from Moscow calls reports of growing tension in the Far East between Tokyo and the “Anglo-Amepican bloc.” Materials Handling MovieTodayAt4PM Maxwell C. Maxwell, assistant to the president of Yale and Towne Manufacturing company, will show a sound motion picture “Hundred Horsepower Hands” today at 4 p. m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The picture illustrates and describes methods of handling materials; it is expected to be of particular interest to engineering students. Mr. Maxwell, who is touring this movie for the national ASME as a lecturer, will be sponsored by the Purdue Student Branch of the A S ME. Today’s meeting will be open to guests. j.h.m. Pi Kappa Phi . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers; Rolund DeHoog, Archon; Moilcomb Miller, treasurer; Carl Shederick, secretary; Rudy Kottemann. Historian; Robert Reed, Chaplain; David Moody, Warden; and George Wilson, Steward.
British Call Rumanian Staff Home
Diplomatic Relations Severed; U. S. Minister To Handle Interests By George Weller SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Bucharest, Feb, 10.—Boldly precipitating the situation caused by Rumania’s collaboration with Hitler’s Balkan program, the British minister. Sir Reginald Hoare, at noon today placed in the hands of the Rumanian government a note severing diplomatic relations. The note was addressed to Gen. Ion Antonescu, Rumanian premier, who once served four years as military attache in London. The American minister, Franklin Mott Gunther, will take over British affairs on or before Feb. 16, by which time, the note states, the British expect to have embarked for Istanbul with their entire mission of about 50 persons. (120 words at this point deleted by censor.) Sir Reginald stated that facilities for the departure of the Rumaniair diplomatic staff in London had already been arranged and that he trusted similar courtesies would be extended here. Although no government statement is as yet forthcoming, it 18 presumed that the entire British staff will be given "passports,” an outdated phrase that now means simply their exit visas. (Remainder of dispatch, about 350 words, deleted by censor.) 'No Social Democracy In U.S.,' Negro Leader Says in Race Address “Minorities and Democracy” was the theme of the talk by James L. Farmer at the Annual Race Relations Sunday program at 7:30 p. m., in the West Faculty Lounge under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council. Farmey is a junior in the graduate school in philosophy of Howard University, Washington, D. C. He pointed out that we don’t have a democracy unless the opinion of minority groups is included, and improvisional fellowships can be built up by breaking down the barriers created by minority groups. Following his talk Farmer answered student questions. In answer to the question, “Do we have a democracy?” he said that we have a partial political democracy, but we have neither an economic or social democracy. The son of a Methodist minister, Farmer plans'to be a minister himself. He has represented student groups at conferences in Toronto and Amsterdam, At present he is secretary of the Fellowship of Reconciliation. Approximately 200 students attended the lecture. m.f. Short Course Students MedToHearDr.Davts The Dairy Club will hold its regular monthly meeting tonight, 7:30 o’clock, in room 108 of Smith Hall. Dr. George Davis of the Education and Applied Psychology department will read several poems after which technicolor movies of the Island of Guernsey will be shown. Winter short course students are especially invited. d.e,b.
/ Stuart Chase Here For Convo Tonight In Hall Of Music 'Where Do We Go From Here?' Subject Of Economises Talk “Where Do We Go From Here?” is the title of the talk that Stuart Chase, noted economist, lecturer and author, will deliver at the convocation at 8 o’clock tonight in the Hall of Music. Chase is well known for his ability to break complicated economic theories down into terms that ordinary people can easily understand, and for his
easy, humorous style of illustrating points in his lectures.
Stuart Chase Tyramiy of Words National Defense
He has written several books in which he describes the effects of the waste of natural resources, of machines on employment and the effect and principles of the New Deal. He has acted as advisor to ‘the government; serving with the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Resettlement Authority and the SEC’s Temporary Economic committee. After graduating from hig^j school. Chase went to Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From MIT he went to Harvard for as he says, “the comparative relaxation of courses in economics, banking and accounting.” He received his degree cum laude in 1910. Chase is also known for his work with the Consumer’s Research Bureau which he founded in conjunction with F. J. Schlink and led to his writing “tricks behind the trademarks” that was later published under the title “Your Moneji’a Worth.”
Passports are required for student admission while townspeople and others can obtain general admission tickets for fifty cents each at the door, according to Professor J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee. The doors will open at 7:30 o’clock, e.g.k. ,
USHasWorld's Greatest Navy Says Yarnell By Don Brophy “The United States has the greatest Navy in the World”—thus simply and directly Rear Admiral Yarnell answered the question “How does the U. S. Navy compare in morale, size, personnel and modern equipment to the navies of other gieat sea powers,” in an Exponent interview yesterday afternoon following his address to the junior ahd senior engineers in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. After giving a short comparison of America’s naval strength with that of Britain, he explained that the United States Navy’s greatest need today was in trained technical men. The Navy lacks inspectors, supervisors and trainer engineers The object of the present series of interviews at various technical universities is to select intelligent men with engineering educations for service to their country through the Navy in the national emergency. Britain Strong Too When questioned on the ability of the British Navy to withstand the aerial and underwater warfare of the Nazi forces, the Admiral stat^ that to the best of his knowledge the British were replacing their naval losses very capably. He continued to say that the greatest demand on the English marine forces was for convoy vessels. At present, Yarnell explained, quite a few British shipyards are busy constructing small sloops called Corvels for convoy service. These ships are quickly and easily built and "carry four or five guns. Admiral Yarnell declined to make any answer to the query, “Do you think that the Japanese strong arm methods in the Pacific and in the Par East will eventually call for a showdown between the Nipponese navy and the combined BritishAmerican fleets?” The admiral has spent many years in active duty in the Orient, and probably knows more about the Far Eastern situation than any other man in the Navy. However, he explained that he must withhold an answer at present for he is now in active service and may not commit himself on such important international questions. He also declined to speculate (Contbraed on page 4>
Engineer Seniors Hear W. A Hanley Discuss Defense Speaks This Morning In Electrical Building W. A. Hanley, 1911 Purdue graduate, who is president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and director of engineering for Eli Lilly Co., of Indianapolis, will discuss “National Defense” before senior engineering students and members of the student branch of the ASME today at 10 a.m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mr. Handley, who was recently named a member of the University Board of Trustees, is a natinwally known leader in engineering circles, and is regarded as one of the outstanding graduates of Purdue. He was awarded an honorary doctor’s degree by the University in 1937. In his position at the Eli Lilly Co., he is in charge of all mechanical equipment, designing and supervising all engineering projects for the corporation and all of its subsidiaries, including the operation of several highly mechanized ^ departments. In 1938 and ’39 he speztt much time in England supervising the construction of a European factory for the Lilly company. Besides his technical experience, Mr. Hanley has been an active leader in the ASME for many years, »t»«| he is widely known in Indianapolis because of his civic work One of his daughters is a Purdue graduate and the other a former student. WPATGenerdMan^ Fonner Purdue Sindent “Duke” Richardson, former engineering student in Purdue Univms sity, who has been manager «f WD AN, DanviUe, HL. radio station since it was started about tGcee years ago, has resigned and gon* to Newark, N. J., to become general manager of WPAT. a new station which will go on the air about May 1. Richardson who was emmected with student publications while in the Universi^ was connoted with the advertising department of Urn Danville ConuneiNbd-Nowa entering the radio fiekl \^hxqst 2—£dii6i
Tuesday« Febnicnry IL 1941
fiuAdujL £xfstoniait
Jhmljif. JoUl VVe're Lodging For Men .,. who wish to serve their country in her hour of need and wish to perform liiat service in the Navy,” said Commander Laimoii ye^rday aftemo(Hi at a meeting which was honored by ttie presence of Rear Admiral Yamell, Captain Van Anken, Lt. Hartman, and Lt. Godfrey, all of the United States Navy and now on a special mission to get 1,000 engineers for the Navy. (See Page 1 for ttetmls of meeting.) The statement was not aimed so much at possible draftdodgers but more at impressing the group present with the fine tradition that has always been characteristic of the Navy. The Navy needs trained men as sorely as does the Army, certainly just as soon as the Army does if the fleet is in reality our "first line of defense.” But nevertheless the Navy chiefs steadfastly refused to accept their personnel through the draft, partly bemuse more technical and more specialized training was required but mostly because they wanted men who really desired to get into Uncle Sam’s fleet and would volunteer for such
service.
Graduating engineers at Purdue have a great opportunity WSSF Committee Meets
to serve their country by applying for admittance to one of the
branches of the Navy as outlined by yesterday’s speakers. They Today To Plan Fund Drive
have an even greater opportunity to extend and enhance the reputation of Purdue as one of the greatest engineering schools in the world. This is an opportunity for the sons of Purdue, but it is also a duty that we as men trained in technical science owe
our country in her time of need.
Petitions Due Sunday For Frosh AWS Posts Freshman petitions for fmfaman representative on the AWS executive board are due at noon Sunday, February 16, at the AWS office in the Union or with Paula Zwierlein in Wood Hall, it was animunced yesterday. A snapshot should accompany the petition so that the freshmen will be able to identify the candidate when they vote. All freshmen are eligible to petition for the office. The petition, which must be signed by 26 freshmen, should read: We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate . . (Name) . .. for the position of freshman representative on the AWS executive board for the second semester of the year 1940-41. The elections will be held all day Wednesday, February 19 in the Union. Ellen Bassett is the newly appointed chairman of elections, a.c.
Beauty Contest Pictures Earl Carroll, famous Hollywood beauty judge, has requested that the Debris send him copies of pictures taken at the Debris Beauty contest in the fall. Persons who took
pictures at the contest are requested to contact R. E. Adams at the Debris office at their earliest convenience. Debris officials have the understanding that these pictures will be used in some well-known magazine.
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED BEGINNER'S ENROLL WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 7:00 P. M. BOTH LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ARE ENROLLED TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS WE OFFER YOU THE LATEST DANCES RUMBA, LATEST FOX-TROTS, HESITATION WALTZ ENROLL THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 7:00 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL /\ ]|^ ^][ bth & Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Members of the general committee for the World Student Service Fund will meet this afternoon to complete plans for the drive for funds for students in war torn countries according to Executive chairman Robert Belcher. Committees for the drive will be appointed
by the chairman.
It is tentatively planned to terminate the drive for funds the first week of March. During the first week of March the WSSF committee plans to bring to the campus a member of the national committee. Proceeds from the drive will be sent primarily to Europe and China for aid to the colleges and universities in the belligered countries. Alpha Kappa Lambda . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of William M. Pugh, West Lafayette, and Wallace R. Parker, Stilesville, Indiana.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
& £
speciaiii^
cJlovelk
for all of the
Big Dances on This Month's Calendar
The bewitching allure which you may have envied in others can be yours tonight . . . and every night. It's a simple trick, really. All it takes is your own natural charm and the deft ability of our operators. Ask for an appointment—Call Loeb's Beauty Salon
A Paramount Picture with
SIR CEDRIC HARDWiCKE ond Jerome Cowan
— NOW PLAYING—
“REST ASSURED”
at
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
Triple btar Laugh Triumph Is Terrific!
The ^th eolnmii
We attended a rather short meeting yesterday. In the lecture room of the EE Building. There were about 600 other people there too. All waiting for Admiral ^Yamell to walk in and hand them an Ensign’s commision on a silver platter. With a month’s pay . . . ... in advance. « * « Everybody was there. That is everybody in this man’s University wbo ever took a courso .. . . . . the second time. Id « 1)1 We looked around and saw quite a few familiar faces. Some of them reminiscent of summer school. Others of our Heat course last semester. And some ... . .. who are taking it with us now. Id Id Id All in all, quite a gathering. But as the man behind us so aptly put it, they were all readily divisible into two general classes. Those who have . . . . .. low draft numbers. ... and low indices. * Id Id In our estimation he covered the field. But rather inadequajtely. After all, when we look through the proposition in it’s entirity. We find that he has omitted . . . . . . those who have both. As to the Navy, Well the job didn’t sound too tough.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette^ Indiana, ttMer the act of Congress of March S, 1879, gnd at th« Bpeml of postage provided for Iq section tlOS, aot of October 8,1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Publiibed dally ensspt Monday during the regular academic year and wedcly during the Suasmer Seselon. Delivered locally by carrier for |8.M yer year, Hkilt Mib-
scription f8.E0
EdHoMK-Chi»r K. W. Doiialine Business Maiiagsr...........„......„ . Msrie HagesMysr
Publication Staff
News Xdltor„
D.
EdHon t^» A* OehiltM^pJT^ A*
ItttffOer, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. l^agc
IS. McftM
..J). iL HeMe Twiem. L. W.
sagott.
BttiinoM StaH’ Local Advertising Managers t D. 8. Powers, O. 0. Landers; Fitomothm Manager, C. F. Danglenuries t Accounts Manager, X. J. Sbodford; Circulation Manager, K. M. Recktenwald. Co-«d Staff Editor „ AAfShtBiBon Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Bum Bose, Donna
SiesB.
Sports Staff
Editor . .
Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C<
Swaim,
.....J. F. Dolan . Johnsoa, R. O.
Phonos: Editorial 4005; Business 503S; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers RepraKntatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Traugott Issue Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor; Swaim Staff: D. T. Brophy, O. L. Allanson, W. B. Rafert, D. E. Butz, E. W. Nordlinger, J. H. McDonaU, B. G. Smith, A Chatiield, V. M. Barson, H P. Stenberg, A Worsley
And the pay is good. But there’s one hitch, we still ... haye to graduate.—dkh
R. W. Sorenson ... of the America;! Institute of Electrical Engineers, and Secretary H. H. Hehline of the same organization, were week-end visitors to the Purdue campus to confer with Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the Electrical Engineering School, and his staff. Sorenson is head of the Electrical Engineering School at California Institute of Technology at Pasadena, and Henline is in charge of the AIEE headquarteis in New York.
WBAA
Sigma Nu
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Joe Mitchell, Springfield, Mass.; Frank Wabiszewski, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and Vercoe Jones, Trenton, New Jersey.
NaiH
HELD OVER Hurry Only 2 More Days
GINGER ROGERS —as America’s White-Collar Girl— KITTY FOYLE Christopher Mortey’s Novel, with DENNIS MORGAN JAMES CRAIG HKP RADIO PICTURE Have You Heard About? Mr. and Mrs. SMITH Come Over and We'll Let You in on the Secret!
TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton—pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:50—Puidue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz—pianist 12:16—Sportsman Corner 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—“The Hanson Family” 1:16—Town Crier 1:30—Dorothy Washam—s oprano 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:15—Camera Club 2:30—Parent Forum 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—Afternoon Music 3:15—Magic Carpet 3:30—Organ Moods—Fiank Reddy 4:00—Memory Lane 4-30—Intramuial Round-up
Coast Guard Officer To Speak Thursday Sound motion pictures of the U. S. Coast Guard and its Academy will be shown Thursday, in room 129 of the EE building it was announced today by the Military Department. Appointments as cadets at the Academy which is at New London, Conn., are made from the results of competitive examinations open to all men between 17 and 22 years old. Following the pictures Thursday, Lieutenant Oscar C. B. Wev who is from the Station at St. Louis will give a brief lecture and answer all questions about the service. The meeting is open to all interested persons. The duties of the Coast Guaid, which is a peacetime organization include safeguarding life and propel ty at sea, giving weather information removing derelicts and patrolling for icebergs j f a.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THiMJkMWHO wouummK A aoth Caslury-FM FUlvra
-AND-
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
I. ..AToei Coward Inrrofe iH ZiogMd tagmdit on Broadayl Now Iho leatast soreen Mph of your Singing Sweethoartot
DONALD NHSQNEDDY hi NOEL COWARD’S PHOTOBRAPHED TECHNICOLOR « SWS^S . NUNTEN Felix BRESSART
Her heart will flutter with Joy when she receives your Valentine Package of ScHRAFifrS CHOCOLATES We have SchraflfPs delight* ful candies for your selection in heart-shapM and other beautiful Valentine boxes^ 60)^ to $1.50 a pound.
*1Puhdm, £xpMmnt
Tuesday, February U, 1J941
Cornell College Wrestlers Challenge Riveter Matmen Boil&makers Seek TMnl Straight Win gjg MeellIckefS
Available To Students
Illusions
Ho^ng for their third victory in as many meets, the Boilermaker WTeatling squad will find itself confronted by the CkHnell College matnaen tomorrow at 4 p. in. in the Fieldhottse as they begin their first home meet of the season. Hailing from the tall com countiy in Iowa, where the boys really take their wrestling seriously, Cornell College is considered to possess one of the strongest college teams of its kind in the country. Plenty Potent , Many of tie opponents on the Iowa school's schedule are members of the Big Tea while other schools such as the Army which also possess tough wrestling squads 'make up the remainder of a program that tends to keep the Cornell College
wrestlets plenty busy.
Formerly the wrestling coach at Clinton, Iowa, Coach Claude Reeck, present Riveter mat mentor, will see the captain of his high school team, Lyman, who now grapples for Cornell College, compete for honors against his present prptege M. Evis-
ton.
Foster And Kshop Offering followers of Boilermaker athletics their first opportunity to see the wrestling team in action at home, tomorrow’s meet should provide some very interesting bouts.. In the 136 pounds division Boilermaker Foster will meet the highly touted former Illinois state champion, Bishop. Riveter Hlinka should also have a hard fight on his hands when he meets a Cornell College lad by the name of Joy. Another bout which should hold plenty of interest will be in the heavyweight class. Ruggieri will wear the Gold and Black while the veteran Hoare will represent the invaders. Thus far this season the Cornell College team has had a successful season, but the Boilermakei grapplers have also been doing great things. Riveters Lost One Thus far this season the Riveters have dropped only one meet, that to Illinois Normal. Last week-end the Gold and Black team came into its own to beat Findlay by the overwhelming score of 26 to 5, and Ohio State 17 to 13. In all probability the same boys that were successful in their various weight classes last Friday and Saturday will wrestle again tomorrow. A possible exception is in the case of Siekman who may be out because of a torn cartilage, d.w.m.
Dr. C. R. Denham . . . head of the department of veterinary science, will leave Sunday for Fort Collins, Colo., to appear next week on the special short course for Colorado veterinarians.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan If you haven’t your insurance policy paid-up, don’t enter the Fieldhouse. You see, if you manage to escape a shot put, you might get run over by a pole vaulter; then if you got out of -the way of these two, a shot put heave might bank off your anatomy, but baseballs are also flying, and 'now and then a football pass; the basketball squad is playing also.
—I-I—
John Zuck and his jumping jack yell leaders also practice there; so it’s a busy place after 4 p. m.
-1-1—
Standing in the training room the other day, I saw -an odd sight. Fred Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, and several of Purdue’s swimming team who made the Christmas vacation trip to Florida, were sporting the best of a hot summer tan.
-1-1—
I guess this publicity about being “summer” all the time in Florida isn’t a dream after all. But I’ll bet those lads spent a couple of discomfortable nights getting that quick out-of-season tan.
-1-1—
Indiana may haave lost their Armstrong, but if Piggy Lambert loses any more ball players, he will have to scout our intramural games. We have lost five men of the first team combination'“(Igney, Blanken, Tierney, Weber, and Hoffman), but you don’t see any tears or headlines streaming the state’s newspapers.
I.I
But pick up on paper where Armstrong isn’t mentioned.
He will discuss the control of Bang’s disease in cattle and cattle practice for veterinarians, a.r.w.
GENUINE
K & E SLIDE
RULES
Polyphase, Log Log Duplex, Trig, DeciTrig, Vector - - in Sewed Leather Cases.
Your Name, FREE put on
in solid gold
heat stamping. UAVIAin^
HAiWUL 5th and Ferry Streets
Lafayette, Ind.
VALENTINE CANDIES • SCHRAFFTS • BUNTE • MABTHA WASHINGTON Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery um DHC CO. Next to Post Office N. J. Arth ’37 D. N, Hansell ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
Tickets for both sessions of the Big Ten indoor track championships to be held in the Fieldhouse on March 7 and 8 can be purchased by athletic director, annoitnced yesterstudents for 50 cents, Mai Elward, day. This special price has been made by conference officials to the students at the host school. Passports must be presented at the time of the purchase of the ticket as well as at the field house gate. A special section for both the preliminaries and finals will be set aside for students. For the general public tickets for the preliminaries on Friday night urday night are $1.10. The advance are 50 cents and for the finals Satmail order sale of tickets for the general public has already been started, a.c. IM Schedules BASKETBALL Tuesday, Februaiy 11 Court 1: Geo. Doherty 7:00 H 1 vs A 1 7:16 B 1 vs C 1 8:00 D 1 vs E 1 8:16 F 1 vs S 1
Ring Leader Benna Sends 13 Boxers Into Tourney Semi-Finals Thirteen members of the Boilermaker fistic squad will square off witih their respective opponents tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock as the semi-final matches of the Golden Glove tournament gets under way at the Lafayette Armory. Winners in each of the eight divisions of the semi-finals are eligible to make the trip to Chicago where the finals are to be held February 22. Hard Workers Considering the number of men still going strong in the tourney, this is a banner year in Coach Joe Benna’s development of the Riveter boxers. If his plans work out as expected, Benna believes he can send at least three or four of his men to the finals. The names and weights of the men slated for action tomorrow evening are as follows: Jim Beers, 135; John Pyle, 126; Jack Threlfall, 126; Bob Parson, heavy; Barry French, heUvy; Bill Hoskins, 160; A1 Johnson, 160; Rolla Boughan, 157; Don Daly, 176; Bob Phillips, 118; Bill Ball, 135; Bill McClure, 135; Hack Payne, 175. Two men, Carl Shakel and Dick Johnson, are eligible for the semifinals, but will be forced to miss the action because of injuries, r.w.d.
7:00
A2 vs H 2
ination games will be played
as scheduled.
7:16
C 2 vs B 2
Teams
Alleys
8:00
D 2 vs E 2
Wood Hall, III
1 and 2
8:16
S 2 vs F 2
Wards I, II, III
Court 3
: Hugh Young
South Hall I
6 and 7
7:00
A 3 vs H 3
South Hall U
7:16
C 3 vs B 3
8:00
E 3 vs D 3
Kappa Alpha Theta
8 and 9
8:16
F 3 vs S 3
North IV
Court 41
: W. B. McAdams
Alpha Xi Delta
10 and 11
7:00
A 4 vs H 4
Antigonish
7:16
C 4 vs B 4
8:00
E 4 vs D 4
113 South Street
12 and 13
8:16
S 4 vs F 4
P I. A.
Girls
All-Campus Bowling League
will
Chi Omega II
14 and 16
compete
this evening at 7 o'clock in the
Alpha Chi
Union bowling alleys. These second
elim-
v.m.b.
THE SWEETEST GIFT YOU CAN GIVE Send a Box of Delicious SCHRAFFTS or BUNTE Valentine Candy to Sweetheart, Mother, Sister FREE—Your Valentine Candy wrapped and mailed up to 150 miles. Choose a Valentine Card from Our Large Selection Valentines Day Is February 14th University Book Store Across from the Union— M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Igney, Blanker/s Injuria Put Crimp In Riveter Net Title, Plans The familial* figures of Captain Bob Igney and ianky Don Blanken were missing from the rigorous basketbsdl practieo held yesterday in the Fieldhouse—an absence which fotbod€» a difficult future for the surging Boilermaker basketball forces. Three victories in a row on their home floor have once more made the Riveters serious contenders in the Big Ten hardwood race, but the loss of two sudi key mm m Igney and Blanken puts a 8<^ous crimj! in Piggy Lambert’s title-bound plans. Riley May Start ■
Igney and Blanken were both listed as doubtful starters for the coming week-ePd games. The Riveters travel to Columbus, Ohio, Saturday for a one night stand against the Buckeyes then return home for their second game against the league leading Badgers from Wisconsin on Mbnday night. In case the injuries fail to respond to treatment, Bob Riley, up-and-coming
Finalists
... in the interfraternity ping pong tourney are Phi Kappa and Theta Xi fraternities. John Parsons and Joe Nemeth, table tennis experts for the Phi Kappas will battle Theta Xi’s paddlemen Warren Seaborg and Bob Weaver in the final round sometime this week, d.e.b. Purdue Spphonk Band ... will play next Sunday at Monticello High School under the auspices of the senior class of that school. The band which appeared recently in a similar program at Hagerstown, will make the trip to Monticello, and it is another of several scheduled appearances over the state during the present academic year, a.r.w.
sophoifkHre, may he insetted into one of the forward posts, while either Bill Nuetset or Ben Kmrsehot take over Blanken’s center herHi. Immediately following the Chicago game, the injured players were taken to the hospital where X-rays showed that there were no bone injuries. Igney, who twisted his knee, had his injured leg put into a cast to give the ligaments a chance to rest. Blanken’s spraineg ankle appeared to be of a little less serious nature, but the chances for his week-end appearance in the crucial games are slim. Blanken Tops Scorers Blanken’s injm’y isn’t the only blow that has left Lambert's center position riddled. Last ? Wednesday night heighty Jake Weber was lost for the rest of the season when he suffered two small chip fractures in his ankle. Latest figures show that Blanken’s 25 baskets and 22 free throws make the Dundee, Illinois, boy top scorer on the Riveter squad. Right on Blanken’s tail is Forrest Sprowl, whose 30 baskets and 11 free throws for 71 points puts him one point behind the injured Blanken. The team’s average of 42 points per game for the six conference games puts them over the point a minute mark. j.d.f.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic , DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK -tth & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red"' Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Eppte '■40
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Photographers
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
• Ice and Coal
• Shoe Repair
GOOD COAL 'good service ( FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078
BOS5UNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT end TOPCOAT $30 and up
e Locksmith
Keys and Locks Kew for trunks, door locks, dssk night latchos and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairirtg. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N.»h». n»i.a»f “ , -
fiagit ^TUdicBA
Tuesday, February IL 1^41
iPuhdusL ^xponsM,
USHasWorld's (Continued from page 1) on the possibility of a Japanese attack on the British East Indian possessions in the event of a prolonged Carman blitz on England. Expansion Bottleneck “Everyday the Navy feels its increase in size and might because of the present Naval Expansion policy,” vouched Yamell. “The only great bottleneck,” he continued, “is in the machine tool industry. The lack of experienced men in this field at first slowed production, but more and more experienced workers are being turned out daily.” In closing the interview the admiral volunteered the information that “even though the service has a shortage of personnel in several important departments, the present United States fleet is strong enough to meet the threat of any belligei’r ent navy in the world in either the Atlantic or the Pacific.”
Dr. B. B. Horrall ... of the dairy department will speak at Columbus, O., Thursday at a dairy technologry conference on “Knbw Your Ice Cream and the Mix” and “Fancy Ice Cream.” Horrall has done considerable research work on various mixes and has achieved a wide reputation in this field, p.s.
meyer, von Behren, Schuber, Weigel and Suburger. —CARPENTER.
Scabbard and Blade: The time of the meeting which was scheduled for Tuesday, February 11, east reception room in the Union, will be changed to 7 p. m. because of the convocation. —MEESE.
Ceres: Special meeting Tuesday, February 11, at 7 p. m, in room 233 of the Union. —DRABENSTOLL.
Undergraduate Dames: Regular meeting Tuesday, February 11, at 7:30 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. , —GERSTUNQ.
Notices
Delta Kappa: Meet at the Big Four station at 7 p. m. Friday, February 14. Please be there. A party is planned. —BURR.
Gala Week Committee: Meeting Tuesday, February 11, at 7 p. m. at the Acacia house. —BOWMAN-AXTON.
Freshmen and Sophomore Union Workers: Music Room committee please meet in the Union office at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday. —FELLOWS-CARPENTER.
Exponent Junior Staff: Junior men and co-ed meeting in Editorial office Tuesday, February 11, at 4 p. m. —HEIPLE.
Catalyst Club: There will be a very important meeting on Wednesday immediately following the senior .meeting. Room 802 of the Chem and Met. Building. —BERGSTEDT.
Make-up Examinations in MB Courses: Make-up examinations to remove I and G grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of Me Building. Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT.
Exponent Freshmen Co-eds: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on nights assigned. —SIMPSON.
WAA Tumbling Call-Out: At Women's Gym at 5 p. m. on Tuesday, February 11. Wear gym clothes. All freshmen are urged to attend. —BRITTON.
Classified Ads
FOR lAUE 1941 RADIOS, REFRIGERATORS—New 11 tube model Crosley, $69.95. New combination. plays and changes automatically 14 recoils, fine radio and cabinet, $79.95. New combination, radio photograph, record maker or cutter and public address system in beautiful low cabinet $119.96. Refrigerators. 1941 Models are here—^KBLVINATOR, CROSLEY, ELECTROLUX. C. B. Klinker Sales Co. 827 Main. Phone 7960.
Prom Committee: Meeting Tuesday, February 11, in room 261 of the Union at 4 p. m. Please be there. —WOLFF.
ASCE: Meeting Wednesday, February 12, at 7:80 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. —McCAMMON.
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting, Wednesday, February 12, at 6 p. m. at the Kappa Sigma house. All who want to go to Indiana should attend. —TAYLOR.
Co-ed Biflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, IS. Three practices are required. Class matches Feb. 18 and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
Freshman Ags: Wishing to work on the Purdue Agriculturist report to the Agriculturist office Tuesday, February 11, or call 4006 after 4 p. m. —RAMP.
Freshman Football: Numeral sweaters may be called for in the Fieldhouae equipment room. —PHILLIPS.
All Sophomore and Freshman Ags: Are invited to attend the first meeting of Chick and Egg show committee Thursday, February 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Poultry building or call 36932. —RAMP.
Typewriters aitd adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 695 Main St. Phone, 8779. FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
All Students: Motion pictures and brief talk on Coast Guard and Coast Guard Academy with information regarding appointments to Coast Guard Academy by Lieut. O. C. Wev of the U. S. Coast Guard in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 13. —WORKMAN.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, February 12, at 7:30 p. m. in AWS office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Metallurgy 110 Students: Page proofs have arrived. Classes resumed Wednesday, February 12. —BRAY.
Mortar Board: Important meeting Tuesday, February 11, at 4 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —TERSTEGGE.
Lost: A man’s Longine wrist watch between Fieldhouse and Union. Finder please call Alvey at 4081. Reward.
Union Workers: Important meeting of Carpenter and Fellows committee Tuesday, February 11, at 4:16 p. m. in Union office. Members of committee are Davis, Klaus-
Christian Science Organization: Meeting Tuesday, February 11, at 7 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —BURROUGHS.
When Quality decides the call, 4073 is the nupaber. Crown cleaning is popular / when service is important.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHED
Haywood’s Student Special Desk For February Only The desk "that you have always wanted” for your study room. Made of selected Indiana Oak. MADE IN INDIANA by Skilled Workers—for Purdue Students This is the best Students Desk in the world
PRICE
$19.00 Free Delivery Home or Office
FREE A fine leather corner desk pad and blotter given FREE with each desk.
Len^ 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. . Weight 110 pounds Tliree Large Drawers, 111/2x4*4*22 in. and One Large Center Drawer The Writing is 5-Ply 1 Inch Thick \ Add $1.00 for Walnut or Mahogany ALL D^KS have center drawer with lock
A Sturdy, Solid Oak, Restful Obair to Match Only $5.00
PHONE 4085 Establidied 1826
HAYWOOD’S
Fifth and Ferry Stt.
G. D. Williams Opens WBAA Quarters In Musk Hall;ProyidesRoomF or Sound Effects, Staff
WSSF General Committee: Important meeting Tuesday, February 11, at 4:16 p. m., in room 212 of the Union. —BELCHER.
By Eknest NordUnger It was just a few seconds before 11 a. tn. A dozen friends and studio technicians had gathered and nevvously paced toward the large, glass panels; the controlman snapped his fingers and a voice spoke into the mike, “This is Gilbert Dunbar Williams, program director of WBAA. It is with great pleasure that I bring the station on the air today, February 10,1941, an important day fo^ us at WBAA. For now Indiana’s oldest broadcasting station originates its programs from our new Studios in the basement of the University’s newest building—the magnificent Hall of Music.” Reception Room Beautifully trimmed in metallic gray against a light blue-gray color of the sound proof blocks, the visitor is immediately impressed when he enters the spacious rec^tion foyer of the studio. It is in this room that visitors can sit and relax in divans as they view the programs in the main studio through three thicknesses of glass. The majority of popular programs will originate from this 27 by 36 foot studio. For the news and scientific reviews a small studio 6 by 16 foot has been provided, known to the staff as the Script Studio. Big Studio The Audience studio is perhaps the biggest improvement. Built on the same plan that is used by the national networks, this room provides seating space for more than 65 persons. The platform is large enough for any small orchestra and the entertainers. The first program to originate from this studio will be next Saturday’s Campus Varieties. In the center of these three studios lies the control room, approximately the size of the old studio in the EE Building. Here Ralph Townsley, chief engineer for the station,
can sit in comfort and channel the programs on one large keyboard. Another new feature, that the engineer controls by pushing buttons, is a two way call system between all rooms. More Rooms Additional rooms are designated as Sound Effects storage. Script Writing, Record Files and two staff rooms. The program director will use the room with three doors, while clerical duties will be performed in the other staff room. Till now the performers have had to wait till the station closes down before running over the next day’s script. To overcome this handicap, > specially fitted studio has be“»' designated jEor rehearsals. Noisy Man To show the effects of the sound proof, Williams went into the main studio while the writer watched in the reception foyer. No sound could be heard in the outer room although Williams was shouting at the top of his voice. The new studios are designed by the same architect that drew the plans for the Radio City studios. Pharmacists To Hear Series On Thursday Dr. E. R. Series, Dean of the College of Pharmacy, University of Illinois, will speak" Thursday, February 13, at 4:00 p. m. in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building to the Purdue Branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association. His address will deal with “Training of . the Pharmacy Student.” This is Dr. Series’ first year at the University of Illinois. For many years, he was Dean of the Pharmacy School of the University of South
Needs Engineers... (Continued from page 1) sions in the naval reserve in apthey have been selected for commisproximately two months. They are, however, expected to finish their education before being called. Juniors are eligible for provisional commissions, which also become effective upon graduation. Once having received a provisional commission these men immediately become exempt from the draft and are free to finish their education. Admiral Yarnell stated. ' Age limit has been set at 19 to 38, and although no definite rule for physical requirements other than those of the regular navy have been made. Admiral Yamell intimated that they would be less rigorous, and that the board would judge each case individually, weighing physical defects carefully against other qualifications. Good Pay The pay accompanying an Ensign’s commission consists of $126 plus allowances. These allowances bring the total to an average of $183 per month. Length of service is not specified except as to be for the duration of the emergency. However, should a man be in service for three years, at that time he is eligible to promotion to the grade of Jr. Lt. with an increase in pay of $600 per year. Also a man may marry or not as he pleases, but marital status does not carry with it any increase in pay. d.k.h. Dakota. Dr. Series is ex-president of the American Association of College of Pharmacy and very prominent in national pharmaceutical activities. a.r.w.
Smokers know...
Chesterfields
Satisfy
WITH THEIR Milder, Better TXste
Do you know why Chesterfield gives you more pleasure? Because it’s the smoker*s cigarette ... it has everything a smoker wants . . . Real Mildness and a Cooler, Better Taste. Chesterfields are better-tasting and mild.. .not flat... not strong, because of their right combination of the world*s best cigarette tobaccos. You can*t buy a better cigarette.
CapTriglit 1941. Liecm * Mmt Tomgco C*.
"■41!
4 0
^ 0
Z'
ir