-.5; ' '* ’J‘',.*' fi C‘\ ^' •' /
:'” /iUi '";,*> '- ■ft:',-rs5-V'f:A ''fv m;, „' "if,':'.'.fl; f,?- Jfi5" f! 'f ^'-
f ‘ ..w ' ■» J V \' ' ‘
^S,
^f;^;:;';:5f f >7 '7, >' .;f V?"* 7>;:«
V .
'V ' ‘‘* '-* t' ‘', j/■'f* f ‘if' -:-, ,\,i j. l?--j-' e '■ M *7V>'''' ',' 'f j1‘'V', ^•‘ f ", "'t'l!'- /?.’}. ■''/4;v' ‘ A'f'f't' ';;, A*""*?' A; A'V,!;. A'!' # a,,;;:;,-
Published Di^y by; Students of Piirdue University*.
' > '-. 7 */ •> ‘ '-• ; .'f, J 'fvxf:'■-’A r '^ 7 w'slfiw-
votiOicfes xLvm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MARCH 23, 1937
NUMBEftm
500 Dm^^sts Arrive Her^ For Two Day Conference
The seventh aimual Druggists' Business Conference opens this morning'.wiOi „ registration in the uWn Building for 500 druggists from, Indiana' and neighboring states. Busini&ss and legislative affairs pertaining to the drug industry are to be discussed at the twoday meeting. > Dean C. B. Jordan of the School of Pharihacy will welcome the visitors. A. J. Dougherty,' South Bend, president of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Assbciation,'will respond. Prof. J. J. Davis-of the Entomology Department will give a talk on insect control materials, and Prof. W. T. Miller will discuss air conditioning in drug stores. In the afternoon, Carl Weeks, president of the Arihand Cosmetics Company, will talk on cosmetics. Will Rossiter is-to discuss foimtain manafgement. Dean Jordan is to give an address on “A New Blind Of Competition.” ' Elliott Toastmaster President Elliott will act as the toastmaster at a banquet for the druggists in the ballroom this evening. Albert Stump, Indianapolis attorney will speak on “The Blessed Commimity” as the principal address of the evening. Program Tomorrow Dr. George Beal, president of the American Pharmaceutical Association and director of research of the Mellon Instithte, will speak, tomorrow morning on /“Resarch As An Asset Of Pharmacy.” Other speakers are Prof. C. J. Zufall of Purdue, G. C. Bradshaw, Albert C. Fritz, F. D. McCullough, and Dan HoHahd,''wl^o will discuss -technical phases of the dru^ business. Dr. W. F. Draper, assistant surgeon general of the U. S. Department of Public Health, will speak on controlling social diseases as the last address of the conference. Entertainment and an inspection the campus are being^ planned for the visiting druggists. .
30 Attend, Grain Grading School
Approximately 30 elevator operators and commercial seed men from the territory adjacent to Lafayette are attending the commercial grain grading school, now in progress here at the '^ University under the direction of Prbf. F. E. Robbins and other members of the agronomy department. , The school is being conducted with tbe cooperation of the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association with some assistance from the Federal Grain Supervision,, General Field ^Headquarters, -Chicago, 111. K. E. Beeson, of the soils and crops department of the University^ addressed the' group at the banquet hold ih the Memorial Union Building, last night, at which hybrid com provided the principal topic for discussion. 7
Adult Education Group To Jffear Bollnian Talk
Owing fo the illness,nf the speaker originally schedqled, F. W. Bollman will speak on- ‘j^etrqleum” before the adult education group meet- ■ ing‘ tonight at' 7:80 O’clock in room B'of-the Memorial Union Building.
Competition For Big Ten Art Exhibit Now Open; To Stage Contest Fi^om lO^June 10
All,University students we eligible to compete in the second annual Big Ten art exhibit for which the entries are now being accepted. Six works will be selected from this University and sent to Iowa State University for entrance in the exhibit staged from May 10 to June 10. Three pieces will be chosen for the traveling exhibition. Entry blanks may^ be obtained from Loma McLeod in the Student Union oihee. All entries must be at the pnion^oMse by April 10. .
Conference Speaker
Dr. McLean To Give Marital Talk Tonight
Dr. Helen Vincent McLean, of Chicago, will speak on “Psychology Of Marriage” in the women’s lounge of the 'Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock tonight. This is the third of a series of marital lectures sponsored by W. S. G, A. for senior women only. “Marriage From The Man’s Point Of View” will be the subject of the fourth and last marital lecture to be held Thursday, March 26, in the women’s jounge of the Union Building, at 8 o’clock.
Approximately 80 seniors in the school of agriculture will be the guests of the agricultural staff members and alumni at the annual senior dinner to be held in the Home Economics Building on Monday eye-
A. R. Standing of the U. S. For-^ ning, April 6.
Foresters To Hear Standing
estry Service will be the principal speaker at the Annual Forestry club banquet to be held tonight at 6:30 in the new recreation room of the West Lafayette Baptist Church on the corner of Main and Colum-
bia.
Dwight Williamson, publicity chairman announced that the entertainment will consist of a few short skits to be presented by the various classes. Music will be by the Happy Hollow Swingsters who were preSjpnted to the Union cafeteria patrons last Sunday. A few tickets are still available dt the forestry office in the Horticulture Building.
McCiracken, Whitney Will Fly To Convention; Seven Others To Attend
The Purdue Flying Club’s monoplane, piloted by O. E. McCracken and James Whitney, will make the flight to the National Intercollegiate Flying Club convention- to be held in Washington on - Monday, Tuesday, and V^ednesday of next week. ^ Seven other delegates, including J. G. Conway, Cloyd Smith, Howard Bostal, C. T. Lohr, Ned Rowland, Bob Cooper, and E. L. Slagle, \<rill attend the convention. At elections held last week, Conway was named president of the club. Bill Fifield was elected vicepresident, Marian Kristjanson was chosen secretary, and Howard Bostal was re-elected treasi^rar. 33» new officers take office on April 16.
Ag Staff Hears Andrews
“Important 1937, Indiana Legislation” -virill be the subject of an address that Hon. Joseph A. Andrews, Tippecanoe countyJegislator, will give before the agricultural staff members at their regular March luncheon, Monday noon, March 29, in the Purdue MemoHal Union Building, according to an announcement made by W. Ei Lommel, chairman of the committee oh arrangere^ents.
Staff To Entertain At Senior Dinner
P. O. Wilson, secretary-manager of the National Livestock Marketing Association, will be the principal speaker of the evening. Other speakers on the program will in^ude Leroy Hoffman, representing the alumni, and Prof. Frank G. King representing the school of agriculture staff. Palmer Edgerton, a member of the University Board of Trustees, will act as toastmaster.
Final Venereal Lecture Set For T omorro w
“Treatment And Prevention Of Venereal Disesase” will be discussed by Warren F. Draper, assistant sur-geon-general of the United.States Public Health Service in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. The lecturcj^ is open only to men students and to male members of the University faculty. A public address system has been installed to insure audibility of the final part of the Uniyersity’s program of enlightenment and education on venereal diseases for this semester. ’ » * Dr. Draper has'been actively associated with Dr. Thomas Parran, surgeon-general of the United States, who is conducting a nationwide program on the lareatment and prevention of venereal diseases.
Futoohee Will Address Study Group On Persia'
A. F. Futophee, E. E. ’38, Persian student, will discuss ^‘Customs ,In Per^a” before,'the adult educatjpn study grpup bn Thursday evehing at ,7:30 o’clock in rcom A pf the Memcrial Unien. Building. F^tpphee’s address will be the secpnd cf a series pf programs featuring members, of the Cosmopolitan and Chineise S|;udents Clubs, designed>to ‘provide a better understanding .between the students of other lands.
PIA Stages Western Show Tomorrow Night
A western t^illen and a cowboy hand will be the headliners for in-
dependent night tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock in the Union ballroom as P. I. A. puts oh its regular monthly production. Wilson White and Don Wells are in charge o:f the program. Dressed as ranch hands, the P. I. A. orchestra will play cowboy songs for Jack Wood and Nona Reedy, featured soloists. “A Lady And The Law,” a western play, will be the principal feature. The cast includes Joan Wimborough. Bill BiHings,, and Bob Hughs. A novel setup will be effected by moving the old stage to the right and erecting a new stage for the orchestra on the left.
Plan Program For Play shop
“A student theater for student plays at student prices” is the tentative slogan adopted by Playshop board and a group of interested students as they launch a campaign to persuade the University bbard of trustees to divert funds now on hand for the remodeling of campus buildings toward rebuilding Eliza Fowler Hall into a student playhouse. Walter Scholer, Lafayette architect, has drawn up plans for remodeling Fowler Hall into a theater. The plans include treating the building accoustically, enlarging the stage, making the hall more fireproof, installing more comfortable seats, and putting in a stage lighting system.
Theta Tau Elects Teetor, Pennsylvania Grad, To Honorary Membership
Members of the local chapter of Theta Tau, national professional engineering fraternity, have selected Ralph R. Teetor, president of the National Society of Automotive Engineers, for honorary membership in their organization. A graduate of the University of Pennsylvania, Teetor is chief engineer of the Perfect Circle Company and has made an enviable record in the field of engineering. - Teetor is the third man to be honored by honorary membership in this chapter. The other two men are Prof. G. W. Springer, and Major F. W.'Bryant of the Ross Geqr and Tool Company. ‘ Initiation ceremonies and dinner will be held in the local chapter house next Thursday.
Alpha Xi Delta
. At formal initiation last Sunday night Alpha Xi Dnlta sorority admitted the following girls: Harriett Billings, Hartsville; Ruth Bilger, West Lafayette; Mildred Whitesell, Lafayette; Nancy Phillips, Lafayette; Edna Stephen, Gaty; Nehnetta Ohan, Glen Ellyn, 111.;' Muriel Smith, South Bend; and Helen Rae Wilson, Chicago, 111.,,^
Co-ed Organizations Will Hold Elections In Union Tomorrow
By Marian Kidd
Members of Gold ^Peppers, Mortar Board, Pan-Hellenic Council, P. I. A., and the six sororities have signed a pledge to vote for the girl and not the organization in the elections to be held Wednesday, March 24 from 8 till 5 o’clock in the Union Building. Since this j^ledge was taken in good faith, no organi:ifation should approach another as to forming a caucus. All the candidates for the various offices; in the three organizations have been chosen for their work and interest, so all co-eds should seriously attempt to vote for the girl who will best fill the office. Every co-ed is eligible to vote for; W. S. G. A. officials. The candidates are: president—Jeanne Janotisek, Dorothy Martenet, Virginia Slocum, and Betty Ann Stewart; treasurer— Georgianna Huber and Mary Totrasend; secretary, Catherine Mounce and Mary Cooley; jimior representative—Sally McKee and Betty Jo Sexton; sophomore representative, Treva Berry and Althea Jorgeson. In W. A. A. girls who have paid their dues and have twenty-five activity points are eli^ble to vote for Maity Ellen Delaplane or Margaret Richey for president, Jeannette Shaffer or Barbara Dobson for vice-president, Kathryn Merritt or Margaret Jenkins for secretary, Janette Morris or Elizabeth Maier for treasurer. Those girls who have paid their, dues in Y. W. C. A. may vote for the following candidates: president, Dorothy Bryant or Dorothy Cpan; secretary, Helen Conver or Betty Klein; treasurer, Peggy Hamilton or Mary Alice Learning.
Brig. Gen. Martin Talks Tonight On Army Air Corps
Brig. Gen. Frederick L. Martin, a distinguished flieh in the Army
Air Corps and a graduate of mechani^l engineering at Purdue in 1908, will speak tonight at 8 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. General Martin first came into national prominence when he lead an expedition of four Army planes in ^ attempt to fly around rae world. His plane crashed in Alaska, leaving him and his mechanic alone in the Arctic wilderness for ten days with only their emergency rations to keep them alive. The remaining planes, went on to circle the globe and win recognition for the Army Air Corps. He is brought to the campus by the aeronautical committee of the Lafayette ChWber of Commerce in cooperation with student' aeronautical organizations,
Alpha KappR Lambda Alpha Kappa. Lambda announce^, the i>ledgin^ of F. C. Melcher, Indianapolis.
125 Voice University Concert Choir To Present “Stabat Mater” Tonight
WBH To Honor Candidateg At Dinner
The 125 inemlNsgra of the University Choir assisted by the ,,35-piece Univeraity Orchestra will present‘“Stabat Mater,by G. Rossini,, as-the feature of the special Easter Convocation fqr Worsliip in Eliza Fowler Halli at 8 o’clock tonight. ' ? , , , ( ^ In the presentation ofTthe difficult piece Of musiithe oirchefitra will be under the leadership of Robert: Pliillijps, student director, and,. Roseihary Robinson, piand accompanist. ^ ;Tli»e complete progrnnt follows: Inti^qduction, ChoirTn’ith Paul Wor-
cester, tenor, “Lord Vondisafe Thy Loving Kindness,” Maxdffi C; Compton, tenor. “Through The Darkness,” Wendell C. Compton, hnritone. “Thou Hast Tried Opr Hearts” choir with John F. Brubaker, baritone. “I Have Longed For Thy Salvation’’ Ch«dr with QuarUit, tenor, Harohl Schulte; soprano, Mary. Friend; bass, Wendell Cmnpten; altOk Arsene Summers. ,“I ^iU Sing Of They Great Mercy” Arsene Summers, altol ‘ “When Thou Comest’’ Chffir with Charlotte Stewart, so* prano: “Hear Us, Lord” Choir. “To Hiid Be Clary Bvrirmmrc^* Cffioir,
Candidates for all offices in Hie three co-ed organizations, W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A., wiE be guests of the Women’s B^denee Hall at dinner today at. 5:45 p. m. After dinner, eexffee will be served in the living-room, and tte girls will be given a chance to mingle and get acquainted with the candidates. Louise Schickler, president of W. R. H. is in charge of the arrang;ements.
Profs. George, Heim To Give Television Demonstration
A special television demonstration by Profs. R. H. George and H. J. Heim will be given at 7:39 thki evening in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Bnilding, under the auspices of the local branch of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. While the meeting is sponsored by the AIEE, it is open to aU students, faculty or others interested in television. The inen will show the progress made in television at Purdue- since 1929 and in doing so will piidc up signals from W9XG, Pnrdne’s television broadcasting station, using a receiving set that they have devffioped while engaged in research work in this field.
Dr. Coolidge Discusses Profession^ Workers And llie Labor Unions
Last Friday night Dr. Albert S. Coolidge of Harvard Universify, talked to an audience of hevenW faculty members and stndents imder the auspices of the Purdue Student Alliance. In discussing) his topic cf “The Professional Worker And The Labor Union,” Dr; Coolidge brought out the point that the American system of education was entirely brought about by the ^orts of labor unions in the last century. He said that the professional maw does work that he' likes anrf oHen the laboring man does not. The pror fession^ man should consider tjijR before judging the efforts of laboring men to improve their working conditions.
Dr. George Beal, MeUou Institate Worker, To Address AChS Meetmg Research activities of the Mellon Institate will be discussed by Dr|
George D. Beal, president of the American Pharmaceutical Association, at a special meeting of the University section of the Amarica" Chemical Society which will be tomorrow night at 7:39 in room 199, of the Chemistry Building. - Preceding • the lecture the speaker will' he gu^t of honor at a dinner in the Memorial Union Building at 6 o’riock. Reservations may be made with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, seCreWy of the local section of the American Chemical Soeie^. Election of ofHcers for 1937-381 will be held during a business meeting in^room 229 of the Chemistry Building, directly following the lec-
ture. '
100 Book Juekets Now On Display la BuBdiikgSI
Jackets of more than at hmidrad hooks will constitute a display in room 292 of Building. Nq. 8 ProfLaurentza Shantz-Hansen has announced. Someof'thecoveteon^^ play were designed by fatmous Vrtists and many are of exag^^^ted modern design. . , , Pr^essor Shante-Hajefi^^iudie has lieen iuterestedl ip hook from the artistie point of vio«r, hna eoBaetad over a HHMmd |a^ta ftar honadf Hif paffit ohffik years.. -
‘^7* 1, t*
i.ii-'i!'
"1 / 7 . , , Uf J ) / , iV’,,
' r'
7<’,
Vr-’ A■fSP^^
i' ‘
sis
Vbe Bttrlitte Exponent
W
MCMOIEA '''-' '
5l>Mt»dtrttA €MU!^ #f«*
^1994
M'-'4;' I _ s
i#-
AdK^offisinS
.liiivir CHieA«b . Bb*t»i« - San ruANeisco LOS ANaihjr* • foAtiaho • Sbattw V ■
B. J,
KDITOBIAI^ BOABD OF CON^IWt. HvlM, ehidnama; Hrien CMeeb, B. H. Meiri*, L. D. Wood.
Bbnaactas Si^.. AiioetatoMMan-
BaUTOBlAL OTA]^
IB. EL Morris
^4,VK ■DON . ,DQi^;BES1^. PROM i. whl iiaFe tlhis big radio band for Ijho beith 4o: lifeig aiii4 swing swing'. ,*'. April 16* is the date i. % everybody in‘ the swing :0'f it with JACK BENNY’S atooifetv DON BETTOR, V v . they hi^e been oh thOiloose^ : cohple: ,p{ weeks and can how be heard daily over WLW^playing from the NETHERLAND-PLAZA in Cincinnati . . . YEA* RAH> PRoM . ^ .
■mO—W AssMs^.
__^.*i£AB2ESr7D. iC KdOs^ J.X L. a e. D. SohwOter. ^ ^ f J. C. OhsTOr
■■siasss Maassw-
B1I8INBBS STAFF
JL J. MaUs
MaHoBal AdfwrtMae MaaScw^ lAeal AOirsr&lait Maaawe-
AdveitiBias AMdstaatsdmOaXSon Maaicar.
..JU H. Biwwa
J>. C. MiUitr
„W. J. GilUlaa, R. E. Haasler^ p
Cirealatton Assistaats.^
If. C. Robbias, F. T. Strain
MHoir.
SPOBTB STAnr
.1* i). Wood
Aasaalata KMtoca-
I^lO«dd;'^"iC“GrWi<3hs. TBCf. Ob<^chaia
WOMBtroPTAFF
.Mdeh Greoeli
dasiiilals Bditen-—-Aifdrtlsiaa Maaiacar-
jaaoasOk, Doris MoOsttOiy,
Issue Editor—Hugh Morris
Drive For A Student Theater
Li an effort to establish a student theater on /^e University campus a group of dramatically minded students und taculty members are startihg a drive to induce the administration to convert Eliza Fowler Hall into a building suitable for housing 4-19^ rvF'fliaa'nFa+ifi'n* nf ITlllSlCfl/l DrO"
h. Wj JosselyTti, the reference li- ' will!'speak Oft f’Recent BooW’.iB. the Brpwsiiig, Room .of, the Memorial Union Budding on Thtprsday^ night at 7:30 o’clock, JoBselyn* listed in “Who*s Who” as authority, op litewture*' will diseu^S eoihfe' of' the rt^wer’ books bn the shelves bf the Browsing Room. Bibgmphy and travel* which he finds ihddEs considerahle intei^st for htudents* Will rebeive speteihl attention. The; discussion is: one of h series schedhled by the Stud^ Unibh Browsing Rbom cbihihittee, ''^ by Tom Sheets, Unibn vice-presi-dent.' 44':
By Licliiy
I)i% J. Esley To A(fl%psS Sci^ce Group Thiiirsday
grams; Such an iuea na» t;Ai»i.cu ixi ““-r- — ested in University dramatics for several years*^aim the erec- _ J? ^ oYi/l ^VQnGTP'Tfll HT OTTlCftS I TOIT
According to supporters of the plans, thp University now has on hand a certain amount of money for feinodeling campus — ■ ’• ■" ’ a student
AND the SKUNK AND PHEASANT dance was-OK . . . but, what ever pbssessed this guy FENSTERMAKER . . . referring tb his absolutely lousy pledge announcements ... DID HE ACTUALLY THINK WAS FUNNY? ? . . . as the most conceited member of any sophomore class he receives all honors . . . the first time he said, “Step right up So-and-so, and let ’em look you over.” it was rathei* funny . . . but there is a limit... he is either the cockiest individual that ever drew air, or he was mighty influenced by that old demon ...
Dr. J. A; Estby Will speak on “Occupational Opportunities 111 Economics And Business” at a special meeting for Science school freshmen, Thursday afternobn. at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. This is the fifth of, a series of lectures on occupational opportunities-, f br graduates of the science school under the direction bf, Clellen L, Morgan* assistant professor pf psychology.
“Remember now
piess if you look him right in the "O-;;
ACP Hoiiors Remmer^
or-
ganization on the campus, Bre now being presented in Duncan Hall, in Lafayette. Members of Playshop board state that the price of a season ticket for its plays mjay be reduced :^0m 51)2.50 to $1 with the increased seating capacity provided by Fowler Hall. This hall how contains 1,350 seats as compared to about 300 for Duncan Hall. . . *. , Eliza Fowler Hall is now used for religious conY^tions and for lecture convocations of the regular series, aiid xhej;ransformation of the building into a theater would make it more suitable for these purposes. ^ . v , , . Playshop members and faculty members interested m J'hc drive are now enlisting the support of other dramatKaLand of musical organizations in putting on the campaigni—-R* P. M.
POME A Theta is a lady There is no mistake. But, Oh, Baby! What a hip she can shake ..
Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educatibnal reference at Purdue, has been made a member at large of the executive committee of the' Indiana Associa-^ tion of Clinical Psychologists, of which Dr, Harriett E. O’Shea is secretary-treasurer. M. D. Steer of the speech clinic staff also has been made ah associate member of the organization.
cal engineering, recently received their “Wihgs” With the] rBhk bf <?adet at the Naval Air Schoul, Pensacola, Fla. They are spbiiding several days on the University campus before reporting for active duty at San Pedro, Calif., on April 1.
SEEN ON THE CAMPUS: Senior tactical artists wading knee-deep in mud oh SMART HILL for CAPTAIN hLIGH% bid roommate”,” and partner in crime, CAP TAIN BECKLEY, and incidentally for the Albert Smith award . • > the campus seed sower ... and . . And . . . . AND . . . those d^—; barbed-wire entanglements along the walks . . . DOTTt KUEHN’S newly split ‘ skirt and the ripped pants of several bpy^ ... '
Home Economics Students To Hear Clara Gebhart Siiyder
With other editors
Clara Gebhart Snyder will lecr ture in the Home Economics Building auditorium at two o’clock tomorrow afternoon oh “The Application Of Home Economics Training In The Business Field.” She is a representative of the foods and nuirRion department of the Wheat Flour Institute.
25 Co-^s l^ur IndiBiifUR^ Inspecting Works Of Art Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen conducted 25 cb-bds of her course in the history of art on ah inspectioh trip to Indiahapblis: Saturday. The tour inbluded visits to several furniture department stores and to the John Herron Art Institute. Here parj;icular note Whs made of seventeenth century paiptings.
itoiiie Ee, Resigiis
Alice Garrott,4’35 hbihb ec., of Battle ’ Grouhd, has resided her Rbst as home economics teachw at Middlbbury High School to accept a posRion as home demohstrsiiion ageht of Hamilton Goihity.
Pprmer XJniyersity Students Receive ‘Wings* From Navy
NOTICE that in Uie COLLEGIATE DIGEST there is a picture of the UNION SHOW . . . notice the name of “LOIS” PUTZE ... and also notice where CLIFF HARDIN’S ARM is reposing . . .
Wayne Jordan, ’351.E., and Ralph Carter, former student in mechani-
Hell Week Go
(The Recoi’d of Sigma Alpha Epsilon) „ “Hell Week Must Glo” was the declaration which came
both fraternity leaders and deans of men who attended^the meeting of the National Interfratemity Conference in New York November 29-30,1935. Preceding the adoption of ayesolution to, the eff^t that colleges in conjujiction with local inter-
Week from the campus, came a significant challenge from A1 bert k. Heckle, dean of men at the Uniyersity of MssoRnr “Are we afraid to grow lip ? Are we going to continue with a lot of adult infantilism and worse ? I believe that Mr. Wilbur W WMta struck a very fine note whep he sa^d that we ipust consider not merely Hell Week but certain customs m pur chapters. As I see it, these ciistbins assert themselves throughout the year and are rolled ihto one accumulate force in Hell Week. Those customs destroy the initial loyalty apd an piitml dfevotioP to his fraternity that a pledge majees for hmmeff. He suffei*s disillusionment when things which are pot fraternal
appear in *
or get soiiie action. I think the time comes occasionally when steni enforcement is the only way outi”^^ v (TheCadufeeusof Kwpa^gma) ^ ^ Lehigh University has acted to abolish f^ratemity hell week** by publication of names of the fraternities whichjise it, and those w'hich do not, in a way that wilt seriously influence Hie totemity choice of new students and tbeiTjpa^p?« Loss of social privileges also will be a penalty against those^ w^^ try to ldeCeive the college as to their abohshinentjnvi'ti : . Dean MeConn, of Lehigh, has drawn up this definition ofjhe undesirable “hell week”: ^^Missions” or “erranfe^ (siding freshmen out to count the planks in a bridge* to get signmiures, to bring back specified a-rticles, or on any other pretexts! ; tne sd-cailed “walk” (taking freshmen Out of town sin^gly or m a group to walk back); paddling; all other kinds of exposure, humUiation, torture* or endiiyance test,
Among pre-imuauou p*»v;vxvco «>»*''** j hd gives : Any educational ptograin of study, rwitatioh^and written or oral examination; special house duties (such ae scfubbiiig floors, washing windows, paintmg, and toe like); or dnteriainment “stimts” jprising speeches, songs, plays, oy vaudeville actS;T— -4 ' - 4 ■■'.4 v4'-^ ';:■. ■';--:;"■■ ..,/:-.;::”:4%’4‘;:.::.;4i,'
Vw American Cit/y
as. Bennett, e,-E, .’14,-■assistant
'r ; chief engineer of ■'■the-:Miaihi' ;Cbn-^Siii®4E'-4-y«fvan^ District, Diayton,:©., is an-
„.4->|lMnr of im iUnstrated article in the . M«rcB ioBneef the Amerioin City,
F?-’’ lantttiod “POes Plood Protection wk'T(\r- '"k The artible briefly reviews
fl[<^'protectian> facilities devel-
r ^ eped !» the Miami River district
Jayne Bennewitz Hurt
Miss Jayne Benhewifei?, sciento
arid meinbef of Pi Beta Phi sbr
i|3r, .is snff«)rin|g #om
ie^raiheil antl^ received ?:^eh she
fell down a flight of sl^irs at a fra*ternity house dance last -Saturday evening. .■:;,:’..:4,4-.,:v’:' ;4 ';4,: ■
Miss Bennewitz has been confined
to the St. EUzaheth Hospital hut ejgpcried to to released sometime
to4i^'-..'44'4.,'''444-;-v:4i'4'-4'4^
MARS-,PASSES—MARS A new and different contest for the coveted passes wiir be forthcoming in Thursday’s colyUm;. . . keep posted .. .2 MARS PASSES
“DEAG” HAS EyterTHING COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. RBI8NER
R. C. EISRNBACH Jeweler and Optometriert 504 Main Street
Plumbing,; Reatitor* Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Teara in the Banness DUNCANALARS^ ^C. Phone 4453 1622 East Majn
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHNSPBRB
82M4 Msin
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portimits Photo SnpplioB 105 vine 8t Wert Lafayette
424
Ktn, Ucki hrtftiy efttom GkNiRAL..i0i»*W^ '-siito A JBito,
W:Plan Olympic Size Pool For Fieldhouse; To Have
Three And Five Meter Diving Boards
By Bill Fifield If the old swimming pool were to' be febmpared Mt^ the heti^ : Olympic’ size pool that is to be in the center of the new gymnasium, it would hide its head in-shame. The new pool itself is to be 40 feet^ ' 7B feet with the long di^ hiensioh runping east and west. For (the meets the p^ol #ill he dhrided ; intp;!; Si*: lane^> instead of ei^ht ’ ds prigin^ly planned. Along the. side of- the pool; s^ltf ipes /will naarh the iibish ;of; different races. Another ihtferestittg pointiyill be the uhder■.^pmterfii^htsv'^, - Diving will be one feature thaf Will shp^ a great improvement over the 614 hobl: -the ‘ weM/end of thh .pool t%b b6ards, 6he three meters and the other one meter high, will/ be placed. Plenty of is assured for the /high divers with a distance of approximately eight f eet: hetween the ceiling and thehigh divers” hoard. On the frst floor level a balcony seating 500 people will run around three sides of the pool. Entrances vdll lead-from the first floor corridor to the top of the halcbny^^ The intramural’entrance, through the shower and foothath, will be at , the deep end of, the^nool.. At this end there vrill alsdhe hjOdges’ room with a large plate glass overlooking the ^oqI. The yarsii^ entrance will be at the opposite end through their shower room. One more entrance located'in the, center of the south, wall ydll (he f^^ equipment control room. ' ’ This ends the shCond Of omr series bn the field house and g:ymnasium. The Sieries will he Continued after springvvaCation.
WA^ Awards Numerals AtCia-^ Sjmrts iH^ner
Co-eds will be awarded Athletic enmerals at the annual Winter spOrt banquet - which Will take plhce on Thursday evening; at 5:45 in the Home Economics cafeteria. , Tickets are priced at 45 cents and may be obtained from Miss Bab in the office of the Women’s Gymnasium. Members who wish to attend must sign up on the bulletin board in the gym.
University Squashmen
Snpremacy ctf^Aj^^hrdim %wshmen ip the; Western IntercOllegiate $quash RaCfqneto^ tournament helid last week-end , at the University Club in Milwaukee, Wis., was shown for the second straii^ht year when the Boilermakers made clean sweeps of the fir^t three plaC^. . ■JoHh'pmj(^*v|an^^ tured first place for hiS secoiid sucCesidve .title, while Maury Wakefield..fOdk second, and Tony Sokolowski placed ..third.
WAA Chooses 16 Co-eds For Basketball Finals Scheduled For Thursday Out of eighty girls who started in the W.A.A. intramural basketball tournament and from the resulting class tournament, which the seniors Won, sixteen co-eds have been chosen tor the GOld and the Black varsity teams. These two teams will play a final game Thursday at 4 o.’clock in the Women’s Gym. The members of the teams will hold an organizatipn practice today at 4:30 o’clock. , Mildred Fitch is captain of the Gold team and Martha Walker, of the Black team. The Gold team is made of:: Betty Arnold, Marjory Charles, Joyce Davidson, Lillian Davis, Mildred Fitch, Reba Harwood, Martha Schroeder, and Jeanette Shaffer. The members of the Black team are: Jean Bailey, Mabel Campbell, Barbara Dobson, Elizabeth Maier, Janette Morris, Louanna Thompson, Georgia Walker, and Martha Walk-, er.
Ten New Tennis Courts Opened Recently
Just a few of the 6,000 some students in this University have taken advahtage of the ( cenient tennis courts, located north of the Campus pn .Northwestern avenue. One asset of these courts is that they can be; placed pn within an hour ortwOafteraraih,There ato ton CQUrtsj fpur doubles. and six singips. -Students plahhg on the courts afe fsqnestod tP Wear tfennis shoes; One other limitation Placed upon the. use of the courts is that students playing singles wifi not use . the idpuhle courts unless the single courts are filledi >
■I'lWuiiai
T
. ' .MiWi iWink Riglif F. Jos. Midhaapt &,Soii hWW'hn:; V:
jm^
119% Fine Wc^ Mayette
Wati^ Mak^r 6Q8 iWalii Str^
At Haywood's ....
just Received
A Very^New and Compiete Line of
Reasonably Priced, and of therSmartest Designs. Come in and S^e.THem.
Haywood’s Retail Pept.
foprmdet recotos were at the Butler Relays held) at Indianapolis last Satdrddy While tho Wolverines of Michigan were capturing their fourth successive team championship. Mel Walker, colored jumper from Ohio State, set the world's high jump record when he cleared 6 feet 9 and 3-4 inches to break the old ihtoor fecofd; of 6 rfeef fi and 1-4 inch. OWp S^to ;<^pturod ; second place in the? tWim standings,^ while Indiana placed; thito- V;: ^
:.FBESttMAJ!J’^tRAeE'-.-
AH "candidates for freshman trgck repot’! in room 104 in the Armory Thutoday at 4 p.'m. —ALLEN.'
Letter awards to the members of Purdue^S'squash racquets, fencing, swimming , ah^ Wnter L poib squads were announced y^terday afternoon following a meeting of the insignia board. Eigdtt major letters were awarded to the squash racquets team, nine majorsin fencing, five in swimming, and eight in Water polo. ^; T^ Of freshm*ni/varsity numerpis to squhsh f&cquets, swimming, and water polo was announced at the same time. Freshman awards in fencing will not be made rnttfi fhO tompietip^ tourney, SQUASH RACQUETS ’ Majors-^--^ O, Jack-
son, R. D. Juve, J. D. Lucek, K. M. Linn, H. H. Moses, A. W. Sokolowski, and M. T. Wakefield. Freshman numerals—G. E. Alexander; K. E. Blessing, D. Blitz, H. E. Eberhard, H. Fuente, and F. Munro. FENCING Majors—C. F Hoffman, H. H. Lacey, R. H. Latter, A. H. Levin, J. S. McWilliams, R. L. Matthews, R. A, Meier, j. W. Seaborg, and L. C. Sellers. . Minor—H. Zweig. SWIMMING Majors—E; G. Closson, G. TredWell, P. H. Vernor, R. H. Wallace, and R. L. Whitcomb.
T.'Farwell, C. W. Gardner^ f/tfs
ris, C. A. Liming, F. W. Miller, R. O. Obenchain, and W, A. Swanson. WATER POLO Malofs—L. E. Armstrong, E. D. Carr, E. G. Closson, A. P. Gillis, R. R. Stewart, J. R. VanDelester, P. H. Vernor, and R. H. Wallace. Freshman numerals—T. W. Abolin, R. L. Colby, L. E. Freyman, S. T. Farwell, J. U. Graham, E. A. Johnson, T. A. Harris, C. A. Liming, R. O. Obenchain, and W. A. Swanson.
Dr. Frank Hibben, assistant professor in archaeology at the Unlversi^ of New Mexico has a collection of thousands of arrowheads \ fromEurope, Asia, Australia, North / America, and South America.
m ontmi n Mm
:'*5;
you
contdcf
un-
e-ing^
o
Iqp^ls
6g your chest ; . ; the Rdglap shoulders will show a smooth well rounded appearance (that's
coat
ypur shouldersi
Wear d Wearington and escape the stiff, binding ^^boardy^^ appearance that attaches to mine-run coats.
W^RJMSTlIhlSiliti 19.75 and 25.00
TWtEhs with life and s|>arkie "tweed-twists" and "tweedshetlands" color shot. Some in spirited oversquirQt..
i
ii
^EAttlNGtoNflnt
WEAtlNpTON Oxfdrds
FLEECES with a M df weir. Several hundred idpeoats are ready for you to ^iip into.. . . Thet'ri ...
r--' '’r
llV,(.i " 1.
■?■■■"!" •i K >;
J 1
&
¥ t
t
- V*
■P¥
? f ^ !, r4’*^
Tag PtlBDtJE SXPOtTENT ■MMaaaMBfaatfriaiaaMiBaBBartg^^ !<>..
Mai^wmc^efUiii LeetiUre On Die Castliig At 4 iToday, Tomorrow
Today atid tomorrow, students of tile University will have a chance to hear Walter Miller of the New Products Corporation, Benton Harbor, Michigan, bffer a film lecture on “Recent Developments In Die Casting.” This subject particularly interests prospective engineers because of its ever increasing importance in ouplicating small machine parts in large numbers. Miller will begin his talks at 4 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops.
Combined University, Presbyterian Choirs To Sing Lenten Cantata
The University Choir, combined with the Central Presbyterian Church Choir, both of which are directed by Albert P. Stewart, will present a Lenten cantata “The Seven Last Words Of Christ” by Dubois, Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in the Central Presbyteiian Church. Ten soloists will be featured from the three hundred and fifty voices of the combined choirs. They include: Mrs Fred Leming and Mrs. A. P. Stewart, sopranos; Paul Worcester, Ralph Schaup]^, Ralph Ohaver, Mardis Compton, and Harold Schulte, tenors; Wendell Compton and H. Kenn Carmichael, baritones.
Mary Wilson Receives Kappa Scholarship
Clattified Adt.
TYPEWRiralRS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all mitehines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Portable Victrola—And records, library tables, card tables, practically new electric coffee percolator. Tuxedo suits, mirrors, back number magazines, 1 cent to 5 cents each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
Thesis Typing Wanted—By experienced typist 460 Maple street. West Lafayette.
Wanted—^Passenger to Charlotte, North Caiolina via Cincinnati, Bluefield. Call 3904, Swinney.
For Rent—Single room, nicely furnished, private family, 435 N. Main.
Desired—Ride to Buffalo, New York, this Saturday. Sterns. Call 3400.
NOTICES Mb neUcM atlir • #. iM.
Condition*—CUnUaiiui*
Idoh for the remoO&l of conditions in Chenf*
iMxy 29 and 107 will bo hold in room 101 of the EdOthtion Building at 1 V. tn. Avrtt 10. Applications must bo madO at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. ^-NELSON.
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of 0 grades in Military Training 3, topography, will be held in the instructor’ room, Armdrx, at 8 p. m., March 26. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. / —HAYFORD.
Reserve Officers—Any second lieutenants of the Organized Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regular Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m., March 24i —HAYFORD
Castles in The Air Cast—Will all members of the cast please call for personal property which was left in the Union check room. All of this property which is not called for before spring vacation will be turned in to the dean of men and confiscated. —McLEOD,
All lifnion Workers—Work on Prom decorations starts Monday at 4 p m All workers needed Scatterday’s committee report to office and the remaining committees report at the work shop All those possible be present as it IS important —VICE PRESIDENT
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7 16 p m March 28 —WINTER.
W. A. A. Tumbling—Meeting of tumbling group March 23 at 7 30 p m in the Women’s Gymnasium —ELLIS.
Leaving—For Florida Saturday, March 27. Can take one passenger; share expenses. Phone 41061.
Chi Omega
General Chemistry Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p m April 10 Applications must be made at the freshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7 —ALLEN, HASS, TEST
Mary Wilson, West Lafayette, H. E. ’37, was the recipient of one of the fotur scholarship awards that were made to highest ranking co eds in the active Kappa Kappa Gamma chapters in Indiana universities at the annual Kappa state luncheon in Indianapolis Saturday. She received a distinguished rating for the first semester with a point average of 5.63.
Sigma Alpha Mu
Chi Omega sorority announces the iniation of: Constance Jane Baker, Muncie, Frances Bradshaw, Lafayette, Thais Crepps, West Lafayette; Pauline George, Hammond; Dixie Gist, Barton, Fla.; Willomine Gross Gary, Mary Lee Hickman, New York City, N. Y ; Mary Jane Laramore, Evanston, 111. Wilma Mayhill, Logansport; Dorothy Miller, Youngstown, O.; Mary Frances Oliver, West Lafayette; Marian Phillips, Lafayette; Arlene Rothenberger, West Lafayette; Margaret Schatzinger, Lakewood, 0.; Florence Sequartz, Indianapolis; Mary Townsend, Upland; Geor gia Walker, Barberton, 0 ; and Parker Wynn, Sturgis, Ky.
Dairy Club—Meeting at 7 30 p m , March 24, m Smith Hall —SIEBENTHAL
Skull and Crescent—All money foi Cotillion or tickets must be in to me before the spring recess —CABONARGI
Scrivener—^Meeting March 23 at 126 West Lutz Ave, at 8 p m Guests coming Bring manuscripts —RADKEY
Flying Clnb—Special meeting March 23 at 7:16 in the Memorial Union Building All members and especially class A members
Sigma Alpha Mu announces the initiation of the following men. D. L. Nassau, E Chicago; R. Glasser, Chicago, 111 ; H Fuente, Haverhill, Mass.; I. Dagan, Springfield, O.; D. Blitz, Toledo, O.; H. Krashen, Chicago, 111.; and J. Sapirie, Indianapolis.
Beg Your Pardon
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Iron Key, Senior men’s activity honorary received a 4.17 scholastic rating for the last semester instead of 3.73 as erroneously reported in the Exponent of Saturday, March 20.
The thinking fellow calle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special OccaMona 28e per pasMagw aay part of the cHy Stt23 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
□
P
RiNTING
SUDDEN
^Service _ _ Office StoOoncty.. Veildina InvIMioM
PHONE -
12 6 2 8 CASSEL’S doSfERRii
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
jtv Ffttwdgh, an outrage the way the flood has marooned us down here!”
^ 'i
J ^ ^ ^ W'i ■* S
^ <
Tuesday, Tdatch 25,193?
y
TT
Only jfew days left to
have dothes CROWlV CLEANED
^ I.
and Reftnished for Easter!
' t K i
i .f
Send us your hat too, to be
cleaned and blocked
50c
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
are urged to attend Convention plans to be completed —McCracken
Eta Kappa Nu—^Important business meeting March 24 at 8 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building Please be there. —McEACHRON
Zouaves—Those who ordered keys and have not made payment please bring $1,66 to Tri-
angle house as soon as possible
-MURRAY
W <\ A —All girls interested in working on decorations for W A A winter sports spread come to gym on the afternoon of March 23 —JONES
W. A. A.—Tumbling at 4 p m , March 23, for the following Angert, Steffin, Auld Beko, Cook, Clymer Harry, Harwood Sam pie, Schaffer, Sefton, Suliot Walker, and Wolfing —WALKER
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting in the Memorial Union Building at 7 16, March 23 f * —WAIT
Flying Club and Glider Club—Tickets for combined banquet which is to be held March 24 can be obtained from W B O’Neal, C D Smith, D A Baldwin, C E Rowland, M G
Johnson, or R B Wiltschire. Please get yours today —WILTSCHIRE
Agricultural Engineering Conditions—Examinations for removal of conditions in A E 22 for surveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building at 1 o’clock, April 10 Applications must be made in same building before spring recess —SPENCER
Egg and Chick Show Committee—Members of all committees report to fhe Poultry Bjiilding March 24 at 4 p m —THIE
Students—Any student interested in work for this summer apply in person March 23
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. R»K DR. HAROLD J. R»K DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Sehnlts Bldg;. Phone 5701
at the Students Co-op House, 1 University street between 4 and 6:80 p. m. —BURTON
Farm Management Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm TVIanagement 1 will be held April 10, at 1 p. m —MAUCH.
Class Dance Instruction
Oar method of instruction and reasonable terms insure yon of
:kfy and
learning to dance quickly , without financial inconvenience.
BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., March 24, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thur., March 25, 7:00 P. M.
Allen S 6th and Ferry
Miriam Hopkins says:
"My throat welcomes Luckies—my favorite cigarette for 5 years”
**Luckies have been my favorite cigarette for about 5 years* They Ve a light smoke that sensitive throats welcome* Of tiw many trends that sweep through Hollywood, one of the longest lasting has been the preference for Luckies* I once asked a ^property* man^who supplies ciga^ rettes to the actors^what the favorite is* He answered by opening up a box con^ taining cigarettes* They were aU Luckies*^
STAR OF THE RKO RADIO PICTURE **THE WOMAN I LOVE”
Aju
independent survey was made recendy among professional men and women—lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc* Of those who said they smoke cigarettes, more than 87% stated th^y
personally prefer a light smoke*
Miss Hopkins verifies the wisdom of this prefc, erence, and so do other leading artists of the radio, stage, screen and opera* Their voices are their fortunes* That's why so many of them smoke Luckies* You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by die exclusive process 'It's Toasted”* Luckies are gentle on the throat*
THE HNEST TOBACCOS— nHE CREAM OF THE CROP**
A Light Smoke ^It^s Toasted” - Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AGAlNST COUGH
7
yj