\ ’
k‘
©he PurjCiue TSxaamnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOliUME XLVIII
Lafayette, Indiana, Tuesday, January 12, 1937
mmsmiB
Lambertmen Nose Out Iowa 35 To 31
_
Young, Malaska Tie For High Scoring Honors
Intelligent Land Use Keynote Of Confierence Sheridan Address Opens Session; Phases Of AgrU
culture Discussed in Meetings
An intelligent policy of land use was the keynote for the annual agricultural conference sounded yesterday by L. V. Sheridan, consultant of the Indiana State Planning Board, in an address before the opening session of the conference. Sheridan named the control of soil erosion and the maintenance of soil
fertility as the basis of a com-
E.C.Elliott,D.E.Ross T.R.JohnstonAttend Inaugural Program Pres. E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, president of the University board of trustees, and publicity director T. R. Johnston represented the University at the inauguration of M. Clifford Townsend in Indianapolis
yesterday.
Father Leo Pursley, councilor of University Catholic students, gave the benediction. Father Pursley’s father, a lifelong friend of Governor Townsend, was master of ceremonies at the inauguration. Governor Townsend’s son. Max, graduated from the agricultural school last Jime.
January 12, 1937 GIRLS, especially co-eds, are a strange lot and attempts to categorize them are often hopeless . . . nevertheless, here’s an attempt: First of all there is the “athletic” type, well-developed, plays a good game of golf, and knows the difference between a quarterback and a shortstop. She beats you at tennis, bowls 190 consistently, and loves to walk the levee ... —30— PERHAPS you are fond of dancing, then you’ll surely run across the “lump of sugar” type. She looks like something from Heaven but, in reality just came from Gravel Switch. She’s all right for dancing but when she opens her mouth, a wad of gum big enough to choke a horse is likely to fall out. .. —30— THE “impression” girl wants to talk about the latest rocket flight and Einstein’s theory. She has read Shakespeare, Milton, and the great Masters. Her father an^ President Roosevelt were responsible for recovery. After the first half-hour you wish you had stayed at home .. . —30— NEXT comes the “clinging vine.” She’s worse than poison ivy, measles, nfumps, and whooping cough at the same time . . . just a bundle of nerves, awfully excited, scared of mice, and looks at you like a half-starved, lovesick calf . . . —30— THEN there is the “gimme” type. She spends most of her time smoking cigarettes in the Sweet Shop, eating caramel, and reading “Gone With The Wind.” She wants everything she sees. Nothing interests her but the trinkets given her by masculine admirers with weak hearts ... and her “itsy-bitsy, baby” talk is likely to net her plenty of these . . , wu I I^Q—^ FINALLY, of course, you’ll meet someone, somewhere, sometime, who will be the ideal girl • • * the girl who can be brought home to mother, observed by dad, and okayed by Junior. If you haven’t much money ehe would just as soon walk the levee ride the trolley. She knows you should study five nights a week and spend the other two with her (until one). She is interested in her work; has a sense of humor; a keen personality; not bad on the eyes. Put all these together upd you have “one swell girl.”
prehensive plan for Indiana agriculture. Following the general session, farmers and homemakers attracted by the five-day farm conclave divided to hear the various phases of agriculture discussed in departmental meetings. University staff members of the farm management section discussed the current economic position of the Indiana farmer, presenting the outlook for agriculture in 1937. A discussion of the farm workshop was given by the agricultural engineering department, while botanists took up the production of hybrid com and the entomology department held a session on insect control. Livestock Show A livestock show at the pavilion, exhibiting the University’s purebred livestock, held the attention of the audience interested in animal husbandry. A demonstration of the method of selecting fowls for high egg production took up the afternoon for the poultrymen. In the women’s program, farm homemakers discussed beautifying (Continued on page 4)
County Chorus Sings Today Tippecanoe Group Will Entertain Farm Women The Tippecanoe County Chorus, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will sing at 12 o’clock today in the Memorial Union ballroom at a luncheon for the women who attended the conference of farm women held in Washington, D. C., last summer. The local group accompanied by Mrs. Ernest Martin was featured at the summer convention. Luncheon Tomorrow A. P. Stewart will attend a luncheon in the Union ballroom for the directors of the various home economics choruses in Tippecanoe county. Through bulletins, edited by him and published through the agricultural extension department, over twenty choruses have been.organized throughout the state. At 1:30, Stewart will direct community singing for the women’s assembly tomoirow. The music will be taken from the “Song of the Month,” a series of songs edited by Mr. Stewart and sent out to the home economics clubs. Tomorroyr night some of the county choruses will sing for the festival which is a part of the Agricultural State Conference. Each group will sing two numbers, and at the close of the program, all will unite in “Beautiful Dreamer” by Poster, and “The Skating Song” by Waldteufel. Preceding the festival, members of the choruses are invited to attend a dinner in the educational building of the Central Presbyterian Church ita Lafayette,
Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha ibratemity announces the pledging of J. N. Selvig of Westfield, New Jersey.
Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Chi Rho fraternity announces the pledging of Morris D. Neptune of Oak Park» Illinois,
Kidnaped Mattson Boy Found ^lain
The body of 10 year old Charles Mattson, frozen, battered and nude, was found yesterday in the brushlands of Everett, 50 miles from the home in Tacoma, Washington, from which he was kidnaped two weeks ago. Gordon Morrow, 19, while hunting in the woods, stumbled on the body of the child. He notified police who surrounded the spot, keeping back all newcomers to the scene. The body was then sent to a hospital. The body bore evidence of having suffered a terrible beating. Several teeth were knocked out and there was a large hole in the head.
Dr. Wicks To Talk At Convo Noted Lecturer To Give Address At Monthly Religious Convo Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, Dean of the Princeton University Chapel, author of “The Reason For Living,” and noted religious lecturer, will speak on “Religion In A Secular World” at the monthly religious convocation to be held next Sunday, January 17, at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, according to an announcement by Professor L. Hadley. Dr. Wicks has had considerable experience in talking to college audiences having addressed groups at Vassar, Harvard, Yale, Cornell, Ohio Wesleyan, and others. Choir Will Sing The University Choir of 126 voices, directed by A. P. Stewart will sing two anthems: “Open Your Eyes” by Macfarlane, and “Adoramus Te” by Palestina. Preceding the processional will be fifteen minutes of organ music by George Osborn.
Prison Education Topic Of Hi-Y Club Address Prof. C. L. Lovell, of the school of chemical engineering, will address a joint meeting of the three Hi-Y clubs of the Jefferson high school, tonight at 7:80 at the Y. M. C. A. Prof. Lovell will discuss his part in introducing education for the prisoners in the Missouri statq prison, and describe some of his interesting experiences there.
Theta Tau Theta Tau fraternity announces the pledging of C. E. Kramer and W. R. Ott, both of Hamilton, Ohio.
O’Neil Recovering From Appendicitis Operation
K. E. O’Neil, sophomore assist-
ant of the Exponent, is recovering from an appendicitis operation that he underwent last Saturday noon. He is expected to be out of the
hospital by this Saturday.
Frosh Senate Nominations Tomorrow Stump Speeches To Be Permitted This Year As Part of New Plan Nominations for freshman positions on the Student Senate will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock, according to an announcement made last night by Dick Craig, chairman of the Senate elections committee. Although places for the nominations have not yet been def initely provided, the tentative arrangements are as follows: Agriculture—^Lecture room. Agriculture Building. Engineering—Eliza Fowler Hall. Pharmacy—^Pharmacy Building. Science—Stanley Coulter Hall. Home Economics — Room 201, Education Building. Physical Education — Lecture room. Physics Building. Candidates Freshmen will meet by schools at the designated places and nominate as many candidates as they wish. After nominations are closed, a ballot mil be held to choose four candidates for each available position. There are two positions for agrriculture freshmen, six for engineering, and one for each of the other schools. Thursday evening, at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, the Student Senate will conduct a freshman rally at which attendance is required for all candidates. Stump speeches will be permitted at this time in accordance with the Senate’s plan of open campaigning. No Mon^y The candidates will not be allowed to spend any money for campaigning, but their one dollar petition fee will be spent by the Senate for advertising purposes in the form of posters bearing the name and picture of the candidate. Elections .for these positions will be held at registration next semeS' ter.
Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the pledging of Gene Newton of Peoria, Illinois.
Snooper Finds Tools Of Old Generation In Ag Museum
By E, Apderson Are you a museum “pqker arounder?” Do the queer, odd looking tools that our grandfathers used appeal to you in a strange way ? Did you ever marvel at the degree of skill required to use some of them? For example, who today could spin yarn with a spinning wheel ? If you are one of those people who find a pleasure in the things of the past, therO is a fine collection of old farm tools and home equipment on the University campus. IHcCormick’s First Reaper The Museum of Farm Equipment is in the npw Agricultural Engineering Building, which is directly south of Agriculture Hall. In g downstairs room op the east side of the building is an assortment of farm and home utensils that were in general use on Indigna farms from 78 to 100 years ago. Perhaps thb most interesting exhibit is one of the few existing replicas of John McCormick’s first successful reaper. The first impression of the crufie-
ness of the tool soon vanishes as one after another of fundamental al principles of the modem reaper are recognized. Labor Saving Machinery Thick-bladed scyth-like tools are hanging about the walls. Above the heavy blade there is built a tier of “fingers” which somewhat resemble thin wooden sabres. Our grandfathers called these tools “cradles,” but no babies were ever rocked in them! These were the tools that were used to cut and bunch the grain before McCormick invented his reaper. This invention was one of the first important labor saving machines on American farms, for even the crude reaper in the museum could cut three to four times as much' grain as the two |nen required to operate it could cut if they used the m^adles. A machine looking like a piano boa; stands in the middle of the room. It was the first attempt to build a machine that would thresh (Continued on page 4)
Deadline Set For Pictures Senior Photos Scheduled Next Wednesday, Thursday, Friday University seniors will have their last chance to get their 1937 Debris photographs taken thib coming Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. J. Carlon of the Dexheinxer-Carlon Studios of Indianapolis, will be in room C of the Union Building to take the remainder of the pictures. Postcards All seniors who wish to have their picture in the yearbook must have their picture taken at this time. Those who do not receive a mailed postcard telling them when to appear should come on Wednesday to schedule their sittings. Students, who hold juniefr cards but expect to graduate in June or after summer school, should also make arrangements for their pictures. Their sittings will not be included in the schedule, but they may come at any time during the three-day period.
Choir, Glee Club To Entertain Farmers Members of the Concert Choir and the Men’s Glee Club of the University will entertain different sessions of the Agricultural Conference this week. Yesterday evening at 6:16 the Concert Choir gave a fifteen minute variety program for the Indiana Corn Growers Association banquet which was held in the Memorial Union ballroom. Today at 1:30 the choir will participate in fhe memorial services held for Mrs. Virginia Meredith. “Silent Sea” by Neidlinger is the number which has been chosen. Thursday the Men’s Glee Club will sing a group of numbers for the general assembly of the conference which will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall.
SAE’s Elect Officers Sigma Al;]^ Epsilon fratemi^ announces t^ election of the .following officers: President, H. A. lAwrie; vice-president, J. T. Bromley; secretory, J, W. Drake; warden, D. Q. Hayne, herald, R. R. Atkinson; chaplain, F, T. Swain.
EfMch Collects 10 Points; Many Fouls Mark Game; Iowa Ridlies Near Finish Coach Ward Lambert’s “ding-dong” basketball squad had a narrow escape at Iowa City last night as it edged out the Iowa
Hawkeyes, 36 to 31.
Purdue was faded in scoring only once and that was in the first few seconds of play. At the half the Purdue squad led, 20
to 14 and was expected by the crowd to begin their point a minute tactics and run away with the game. The largest crowd ever to see a Ibasketball game in the last two years at Iowa City saw the lowans start a spurt in the last few minutes of play to put them within two points of the Boilermakers. Here, however, Seward sank a field goal and the Purdue squad coasted to a four point vic-
tory.
Many Fouls The Hawkeyes committed 21 personal fouls while Purdue had only 14 marked against them. Each team scored only a half point less than half their total score on charity tosses. Purdue scored 17 times from the free throw line while Iowa was counting 16 times. Jewell Young kept up in the conference individual scoring race by scoring ten points on two field goals and six free throws. Pat Malaska tied with Young for high scoring (Continued on page 3)
Indiana Defeated
Indiana dropped out of the tie for first place in the Big Ten basketball race as they lost to Hlinois 40 to 31, at Urbana last night. The loss left Purdue, Minnesota, and Ohio State in a tie for first place in the Western Conference championship, Minnesota and Ohio State came into first place last night as they won their first conference
games.
To Inspect ROTC Corps Members Of Winning Batteries To Get Merits Merits will be awarded to members of the three winning batteries in the imiform inspection competition at corps day today. Six merits wiU be awarded to all members of the battel^ winning first place, four merits to second place winners and two merits to third place win-
ners.
The corps will form in normal formation in the armory, with the exception of the first regiment. The first regiment, less batteries H-1 and C-1 will form in the Memorial Gymnasium. The fourth regiment will form on the first regimeirt' markers. Inspection Cadet officers will begin the inspection and elimination by selecting the best battery in each battalion, judging solely on neatness, polish, and general appearance. The corps will then be placed in wall formation with Jthe exception of these batteries. These batteries wiU again be inspected by the cadet officers, and the best battery in each regiment selected. Army officers will inspect the final choices of the cadet officers and make the final decisions. The colors will not be called.
Mohlman Debate Finals Tonight Tonight at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler HaU, the two finalists in the Mohlman debate contest, the Beta Theta Pi’s and Carl HaU East, wiU engage in a verbal battle to determinate this year’s -srinning team. The action wiU cent^ about the topic, “Resolved: That AU Citizens ShoiUd R^ive Complete Medi<ad Care At Public Expense.” Followia^aEf tbe members of the final round teams: Beta Theta Fi» affirmative—D«Mr Moxtensen, Bdebard Ljmeh, and manager, Robf^rt Martin; Cary Hadl East, negative— John Hielman, Theodore Lev?,; and manager, Howard Hopkins.
Cold, Snowy By Tempy ■nio Snwunt WantiMT liwM
Did you miss me H didn’t yon should have because INre been gone. I contracted fin so I tbe coop” and not even the snoopy editor could find me. After that wonderful start, I’m ready to maUba a fine weather prediction. It may be a fine prediction but tbe weather won’t be so fine. It will be mfid <uad maybe snowy.fei
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday^ JANUARY 12> 1937
Basketball Seats When the present net season opened last yesur, S. A. A. officials and the athletic department proudly proclaimed that seats for everyone would be provided. But last Saturday night something went wrong, for approximately 300 persons were forced to stand throughout the game. In previous encounters, the number of persons standing has been about equal to the number of undesirable seats vacant, but Saturday every available seat was taken. Wheththat was the first occasion on which all coupon book owners had attended a game, or whether more seats were sold to the general public, the deficiency in seating capacity must be recognized and steps taken to prevent its recurrence. To sell coupon books and then not provide seats is nothing more or less than plain robbery. By turning a portion of the balcony over to the students, the crowding has been somewhat relieved, but apparently a larger section of the balcony must be reserved for ticket book holders. Some action must be taken immediately if those in charge are to avoid being quite deservedly labeled “robbers.”
Mecca Of Hoosier Farm Folk The mecca of Hoosier farm folk—^that is Purdue University this week as thousands of farmers and farm home-makers from all corners of the state assemble here for a week’s program of instruction, business meetings, and entertainment. Many hidebound farmers of only a few years ago ridiculed the idea that “you can learn farmin’ out of books,” but this type is gradually disappearing and the number of converts to up-to-date agricultural methods becomes increasingly greater. Registration this week will probably show a 25 per cent increase over that for the 1933 conference, which approximately 5,600 persons attended. The social values of the conference cannot be overestimated. Acquaintances are renewed as former classmates and other farm friends meet at the University for perhaps the o^y reunion during the year. Several agricultural associations hold sessions here for the annual election of officers and the consideration of business matters. Livestock, crop, and domestic champions, both state and 4-H, receive recognition for their achievements. The varied entertainment is no small part of the week’s program. The conference truly occupies a welcome position in the winter life of Hoosier farmers.—R. P. M.
Courtesy To Visitors Between five and eight thousand persons are visiting or will visit our campus this week attending the agricultural conference. As is the case in the many conventions, conferences and short courses held here, these persons come for primarily the same reason that students come to Purdue—^to learn. Not only do they hope to renew old acquaintances, but they hope to absorb the latest information concerning that greatest of all industries, agriculture. So this week, if the opportunity to befriend a visitor occurs, forget, for a moment, the hustle of the week before examinations and answer his questions. Be sure that he finds the building or whatever it may be that is required to fulfill his wants. Let’s show these taxpayers, our most faithful supporters, that we are glad to share our facilities with them. They are proud of Purdue. Let’s show them that we too appreciate and are proud of our great institution. —L. S. H.
tlCiie $urbae exponent
Fminded in 1881
1986 Member 1937 ASSOCIATED COLLEGIATE PRESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGB3T RBPIICSBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Pmbllthers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES . PORTLAND . SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the i>oet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2S.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF EdltaM>in.Chief , W. T. Hunt Managing Editor JEl. H. Morris ABBoeiat* Bditoza— K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. F. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore As8iBtant8...„ W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A, Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil, C. D. Sebroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance WOMEN’S STAFF X!ditor~.— Helen Creech Associate Editors ....Jeanhe Janousek, Doris McCartney, Eliabeth Fyke Advertielng Manager .Betty Barnett BUSINESS STAFF BusinesB Manager R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager. D. C. Miller Circulation Manager. J. P. Girard , SPORTS STAFF liter— L. D. Wood elate EdltorB......W. H. Fifleld. S. B. Griffiths, R. F. Obenehain Issue Biditor—C. D. Sebroeder.
Here You Are, Diogenes One man, at least, is convinced that honesty exists in the world today. After receiving $991 from a sale of a bond Thursday, 61-year-old Matthew Plese, of Joliet, 111., strolled to a downtown restaurant for a sandwich and a cup of coffee. Unaware that he had lost the entire sum of money through a hole in his pocket, Plese was sipping his coffee when citizens of the city who had picked up scattered bills of various denominations along the street walked in the restarant and handed him $851. Plese was certain that the remaining $140 would be returned as soon as the finders discovered whose money they had found. , This incident is all the more heartening because it occurred in a city of about 45,000 population, instead of in a small town where everybody knows everyone else. The story carries a considerable different tenor from that voiced by an intelligent friend of ours recently. This friend remarked that he used to trust a number of persons but that he had learned not to place extreme confidence in anyone. ^ There are people today who believe the old adage that “honesty is the best policy,” and occurrences such as that at Joliet help to keep alive this belief and to restore faith in human nature to individuals who are justly skeptical. —R. P. M.
The Expoftent welcomes comments of piood taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Thermo-Gripe
To the Editor: Speed in calculating may be a valuable asset to an engineer, but when important tests and examinations degenerate into mere speed contests, something should be done about it. Thermodynamics is a horrible example of a course based on speed. There is a lot of material to learn included in this course, but most of it is simple logic, and can be picked up by the average student in a very short time. Yet the instructors spread the meagre material over the whole semester, repeating and repeating simple facts and formulae until the class gradually dozes into oblivion. By test time 90 per cent of the students know the work absolutely perfect, so the instructor, faced with a class of H students, must make the test a race against time. He crowds three hours work into one short onehour test. Twelve to fifteen problems is the usual thing to expect on the regular hourly test, yet on the final, since all finals must be three hours long, only ten similar problems will be required. Solution to four of these problems constitutes a passing grade. In most of the sections the students are allowed to use their books on tests, but one instructor perversely refuses to give his sections the same privilege. The entire course is based on the application of myriad formulae, which it would be a waste of time to memorize. But some students in these few sections have to learn them. Surely something should be done about this course. Either the number of test problems should be lessened, or the material made harder so that knowledge rather than speed, would bring the better grades.—^H. I. S.
Experience is a dear teacher— teaches one to love a woman as you would a bottle of choice whiskey— it’s wonderful while it lasts but oh, what a headache after it’s all over.. ROMANCE is on the wing—love is tripping along—spring has came —at least WRHer BARBARA PICKETT has those sorts of feelings when the member of their waiter force JOE RAILLE is in her presence. Love is such a wonderful thing??? . . . Oh look at the little skunkies My they are so blue They go to church every Sunday And sit in their own pew. (Ed’s note) If there are any complaints upon the above job see SULLY MASON and his woman FRANKIE ... NOTICE— V TO ONE CARLOS BREWER: For your general information it seems that you and JEAN WHITNEY are not that way anymore— at least JEAN says “He don’t know it yet, but we aren’t going together anymore.” .... The prize stunt or what have you for this year goes to JEAN TILLET . . . JEAN made two dates for last Friday night one supposedly an early date and the other a late date or what have you—Mr. Late Date showed up first so JEAN was on the spot when the other man showed up—^none of her very dear friends would go to the door and tell the young man that JEAN was sick—JEAN was finally forced to muss up her hair and develop a sick look then go to the door and tell the young man that the date must be oflf because of her illness—^the other fellow must of had a heck of a time keeping fronji laughing while he hid behind the sofa . . .
Reports are cruising around that MARIANNE CUMMINGS is look-
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not etsume reipontibiltty for the opinions voteei in Ms column. Such opinions ere solely those of Ae toriSer.
On Oaths Many state, local, and federal officials have been, or shortly will be, sworn into office. I wonder how many of them really ponder over the significance of the oaths they take? Although the various ceremonies are as solemn as possible, and the oaths are taken under what are outwardly the most binding conditions possible, it seems likely that many, or even most, of the officials make mental reservations or perhaps consider the oath as simply unimportant detail which does not deserve thought. It is true that to a large share of the general public as well the oaths have little or no significance; they are taken as mere formalities. But this is not as it should be. The oaths have meanings; they are required so that the elected or appointed officer will be bound to uphold standards of good government, and to tell him what he must do and what he must not do. Taking an oath to'uphold a constitution and then consciously and intentionally violating the provisions of that constitution, be it state or naHonal, is a thing that should be most definitely condemned. Provisions might well be made for the impeachment or recall of all officials who disregard their oaths, because eventually, then, the oaths Would come to be considered with great regard.
TODAY—WED. DOUBLE FEATURE
ARNOID
“Sutter’s Gold”
and /
WIVEf\ m»N‘
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
LUMA TODAY—WED. A DRAMA WITH IVIU9IC SONGS THAT FLOOD iliB local* of 'Tobacco Rood"! nioolmotphtr* i ‘Tloamboot ihoBond‘1
BARBARA ■ STANWYCK > ' , and JOEL MtCREA BANJO ON MY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“You’d better go in this time. Miss Putter—^his wife is due here in a few minutes.”
ing for other dates and that “I Love Me” SKINNER is the headline in diary no more—^they say that the only way he will be able to crash into her journalism again will be through paid advertisements — all headlines turn stale after so long ... The glimmering Delt affection of BUP GLOS for “baby face” SCHICKLER has sorta fallen by the wayside since vacation — Is “Prexy” SCHICKLER all brokenhearted, or is that just exam worry on her pretty brow ... ART RAUKEY lost his shirt in
ARC TODAY AND WED.
—FLUS— CHARLES STARRETT in “Secret Patrol”
front of the Sweet Shop about 7:30 Sunday evening—some think that ART decided to go native, but others seem to think that he really needed the two bits ... BETTY EVANS has been taking (Continued on page 4)
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
TODAY - WEDNESDAY 2 First Run Hits Preview Showing of A Bombardment of Beauty
An alluring array of youthful loveliness leads the way to romance!
A New Love Team ... singringr “Where Have You Been All My Life?” and “Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star.”
TODAY—WED.
The glorious climax to Warner Bros, series ..of musical hits v '..', wHh:: VICTOR MOORE GLENQA FARRELL * LEE DIXON* OSGOOD PERKINS ROSALIND MARQ.UIS
—FLUS— Mickey Mouse —IN COLOR— OUR GANG —COMEDY— Popular Science -r-IN COLOR—
with Mae Clark - John Payne Sheets Gallagher 3 Radio Troupes Plus Second Feature Laughs! Thrills! Romance! The story of a beautiful manicurist who was catapulted to fame and glory because she drew the winning ticket in the sweepstakes!
with Patricia Farr William BakewellTuesday. JANUARY 12,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
4“'
, >■
Cohee Boosts Billiard Record To 217 Points Senior Breaks Own Intercol-
legiate Record.
The Union Billiard Room was the scene of an exhibition in the art of shooting straight ^rail billiards last night. Visioning a long and dragging game as the score stood only two to one at the end of the first inning, S. M. Cohee started out to speed up the game and before he
could stop shooting he ran out the game and scored 217 consecutive points to break the present intercollegiate record of 162 which he
also holds.
Cohee, a senior in the Mechanical school, is an outstanding player on the Purdue Billiard Team which has a fine record to its credit. In a Class A match 0. H. Steed edged out M. H. Ingleman 60-56. Later in a practice game, Ingleman showed his ability by ringing up 122 straight points.
Ten undergraduate students working under Josephine E. Tilden, professor of botany at the University of Minnesota, have the trying task of finding names for 100,000 plants never previously classified.
ADULT
TAP CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S
Friday, Jan. ISth, 6:30 P.M. INTERMEDIATE Wed., Jan. 13th, 9:00 P. M.
ADVANCED .
Thurs., Jan. 14th, 6:30 P.M.
PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th and
Ferry
Boilermakers Dazzle Lofty Wolverines In Saturday’s Battle
Young Again Leads In Scoring^ Holds Lead In Big Ten List; Anderson Second
By Dick Obenchuin
Purdue’s Boilermakers showed that they still had plenty of steam and turned in a fine game to defeat the lofty Wolverine squad, 37 to 26, last Saturday at the Jeff gym. The Michigan height, which was much greater than the tallest combination that Ward Lambert could muster, was to no avail in this con-
test in which the Boilermaker
ielder’s.... ....choice MsBy Bob Walpole*—Mm
speed soon swept the Michigan skyscrapers off their feet and left them so worn out that the sophomores were easily able to outscore the Wolverines when they replaced the Varsity in the final few minutes of play. “Brigham” Young was again the outstanding man in the Boilermaker attack as the Purdue forward collected six field goals and two charity tosses to lead the individual scoring and to boost his lead in the Big Ten individual scoring list. Young now has scoted 41 points in two Big Ten engagements and is far ahead of all rivals. Anderson Also Scores Anderson started in the other forward position for Purdue in order to give the Boilermakers ajl the extra height that the squad could manage, and in this spot he scored eight points to place second in the Purdue scoring. Sines, re^lar forward, sat on the bench until the middle of the second half when the big boys of Michigan were worn down to his size, and from there on, Johnnie was a big asset to the Boilermaker play. In the game Saturday, Glenn
Double the usual quantity! Yes, definitely . . . here’s something worth “looking into”. . . the annual January Sale of Rytex Deckle Edge Vellum Stationery . . . double the usual quantity . . . printed with your name and address
or monogram for just $1.
Of course you’ll want a box of each Double Sheets for short, chatty
correspondence . . . and Flat Sheets for yourself. Dad and the rest of the family.
HAYWOOD’S
Retail Dept.
SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNT APPLICATION FOR RESERVED SEATS for Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" with Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard PLAYING MARS THEATRE January 15 end 16,1937
Name - Address is entitled to purchase number of tickets at., per ticket. This application must be presented at the Mars Theatre box office before January 15 in order to obtain special Education Cooperation ad-
vance sale discount rate.
Signed: Instructor School—.
MATINEES
EVENINGS
Regular
Special
Discount Rate
.83
.55
.55
.35
Regular
Special Discount Rate
1.10
.83
.83
.55
.55
No Discount
(Two Perfomances Daily'—2:15 P. M. and 8:30 P. M.) The Above Discount Prices All Include the Sales Tax
Box Office Open Daily Beginning Monday, January 11, 11 A. M. to 9 P. M.
The above coupon entitles a student to purchase more than one ticket to attend at the discount rate, enabling the parents, other members of the family or friends to see the road-show with the student..
Downey fell and knocked himself out as his head hit the fioor. Glenn has recovered and reported to take the trip to Iowa last night with only a black eye to show for his mishap.
High For Michigan
Wolverine Gee, who coached first base at the Purdue-Michigan baseball games during the last two years and during that time took a teriffic riding at the hands of the Purdue fans who dubbed him “Leviticus” had a little consolation in the fact that he was high scorer for the Michigan basketball squad last Sat-
urday with nine points. PURDUE (37) B.
Anderson, f-g 3 Young, f 6 Sines, f 1 Hutt, f .. 1 Zink, f 0 Seward, c 0 Holloway, c 0 Malaska g 1 Downey, g 2 Dean, g 0 Mihal, g 0
F.
2 2 3 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals
14
9
MICHIGAN (26) B. Townsend, f-c 1 Barclay, f 2 Thomas, f 1 Smick, f 0 Gee, c 4 Fishman, g 2 Patanelli, g 0 Beebe, g o Jennings, g 0 Long, g 0
F. 4 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0
Totals 10 6 13 Free throws missed, Anderson, 3; Malaska, 2; Young, Seward, Townsend, Thomas, Patanelli, Long. Referee—Schommer (Chicago). Umpire—Clarno (Bradley).
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel( Fowler 4th and Ferry
KEYS
Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, nisht latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle lows a special ty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do It well WaUaee Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occaaions 86e per passenser any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
Another day, .another dollar— spent . . . Saturday night’s game was a honey . . . Purdue’s high speed, but comparatively small quintet completely wor^e the Michigan attack dowTl v . the type of play that Piggy Lambert has made so famous for Boilermaker fives over a long period of years ... —^fc— We can’t exactly agree with the crowd boos at the Michigan game, but if ever the notes of dis|[>lea8ure were justifiable, Saturday night might have been one . . . personally we believe that John Schommer conducted one of the poorest examples of officiating that we have ever seen in the Jeff gym . . . the many fouls omitted on both sides might even be overlooked, but to let the game continue as he did with Co-Captain Downey lying flat on the floor, out like a light, was inexcusable . . . —^fc— Now for the statistics . . . Jewell Young was again the high-scor-ing individual of the encounter . . . he dropped in six field goals in twenty-one tries ... a percentage of 28.6 . . . Gene Anderson’s percentage wasn’t so spectacular with three completed buckets in 17 attempts for 21.4 per cent, but his excellent floor work more than made up for it ... . —fc— Malaska had one in eight for 12.5 per cent... Seward none in four ... Sines one in three for 33.3 per cent . . . and Downey had two in 13 for 15.3 per cent. . . we didn’t record the reserves who came in rather late in the game . . . —fc— The complete Boilermaker record for the evening is interesting . . . diiring the first half when the firing was fast and furious, Purdue dropped in only six tallies with 47 attempts, for a record of 12.6 per cent . . . the second half however, was a bit more torrid, to say the least . . . eight shots successful in twenty tries . . . the total for the evening was 20.8 per"cent. . . . —^fc— Michigan found Purdue’s defense quite strong and in the first half were able to connect on but five in thirty attempts . . . the second stanza resulted in five in twentyone ... the evening percentage was 19.6 per cent . . .
BIG TEN RESULTS Purdue, 35; Iowa, 31. Illinois, 40; Indiana, 31. Michigan, 34; Northwestern, 31. Ohio State, 28; Wisconsin, 22. Minnesota, 30; Chicago, 23.
BIG TEN STANDINGS Team W. L. Purdue 3 0 Minnesota 1 0 Ohio State 1 0 Indiana ,2 1 Illinois 2 1 Michigan 1 1 Iowa 1 2 Northwestern 1 2 Chicago 0 2 Wisconsin 0 3
Pet. 1.000 1.000 1.000 .666 .666 .600 .333 .333 .000 .000
FRESHMAN SQUASH —TODAY— 4:16—^Tafel vs. Haiges. 6:00—^Blessing vs. Alexander. 6:45—McGrath vs. Fuente. 6:30—Simmons vs. Munro. 7:16—^Eberhard vs. Blitz. 8:00—Scully vs. Lownie.
Bible Analysis Subject Of YWCA Religions Talk
Critical analysis of the Bible will be the topic of a talk gpven by Mrs William McFadden, assistant of the Wesley Foundation, at the next meeting of the Philosophy and Religion group of Y. W. C. A. The meeting will be held in the^Y. W. C A, office Thursday, January 14, at 4:00 o’clock.
Lambertmen Beat Iowa In Close Game
When Louisian State University’s new mascot, “Mike,” a $760 tiger cub, came to town, he was met at the station with a 200-piece band. The parade through the campus included scores of cars and even a garbage wagon to aid color to the procession.
Trester, commissioner of the I. H. S. A. A., ruled that the fielJ goal shot by McDowell in the final second of play in the Jeff-Frankfort game, was good, and Jeff won 17-16 to end Frankfort’s 38-game win streak.
honors with four field goals and two free throws. Johnnie Sines was inserted in the game at the half, and, although he could not connect from the field, he scored six consecutive foul shots before he finally weakened and missed a free throw in the final seconds of play. Linenup and summary: Purdue (35) B- F. P. Young, f 2 6 2 Anderson, f .. .. .0 2 2 Sines, f 0 6 0 Downey, g 1 0 4 Seward, c 2 0 1 Malaska, g 4 2 3 Dickinson, g 0 12 Totals 9 17 14 Iowa (31) B. F. P. Stephens, f 2 4 3 Gaddis, f 3 3 3 Johnson, f 0 2 3 Drees, c 10 1 Walsh, c oil Vanysseldyk, g 2 1 3 Suesens, g 0 3 4 Bobby, g .. 0 0 3 Totals 8 15 21 Referee—Getchell, St. Thomas. Umpire—Larsen, Wisconsin. David Macklin, who plays with Borah Minnevitch Harmonica Rascals when they are in New York, is organizing a harmonica band at New York University Heights College.
BASKETBALL
-TODAY-
Conn 1—Offidal, Alien 7:00—Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 7:15—Theta Xi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:26—^Pi Kappa Phi vs, Tau Epsilon Phi. 8:40—Ward 7 vs. Ward 12. Conn 2—Official, Hobart 7:00—^Pbi Pi Phi vs. Pirafhon. 7:16—^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Theta Chi. 8:25—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:40—Ward 16 vs. Ward 7. Court 3—Official, Ganlke 7:00—^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7:15—Acacia vs. Triangle. 8:25—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 15. 8:40—Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965 TIm thinktny feBow cslla
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
s hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
SHE SAYS:
/#
HAVE
HE MUST
H:"
P.A.
She is right! And what constitutes Personal Appearance? The answer—the way you are groomed. A well groomed man is smoothly shaven and has his hair kept trimmed. Such is our job in the Union Barber Shop. Come in and see what a difference a shave and a haircut makes in your appearance.
—by— 1st Chsir Joo Knott 2n(I Chair—Charles Orman 3rd Chair—"Pick" Pickering 4th Chair—Robert Minnick 5th Chair—^Joe Clark v
PERSONAL APPEARANCE
■lSl
ati
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
7
PlIIPnllA Memorial Union
Corner of Camput—Contor ot AeHuityI ’
U Z 1. >■ J- . /t,, J
f/';
Page yout
THE PUEDUE EXPONENT
Tliea4ay. JANtTARX 12.193?
TYPEWRITERS—ADLilNG MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Mam Sts Phone 2779. This Week’s Special—Maple Nut and New York. Chamberlin Ice Cream Co. Phone 3024.
Lost—White silk scarf in Jeff gym during Michigan game. Call J. D. Kreutzer 35293.
For Rent For Next Semester— Comfortable rooms at 128 Wiggins street.
Lost—Rimless glasses left on locker 847 at gym. Reward. Please call Mitchell, 35552.
Wanted—Roommate to share a large comfortable room. 115 Waldlon street Phone 6996
Lost—Orange and gold Parkei eversharp m Math 0, division Xa’s class Reward. Voss, 524 Wood street
Room and Board—For three boys at 317 Chauncey. Phone 44311.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
University Orchestra—^Kejiearsal changed to next Tuesday, January 12. —PHILLIPS
Chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. m , January 16. Applications must be made by January 16. —NELSON
Golden Gloves Finalists—Pictures of winners and runner-ups in the Golden Glove finals last Thursday will be taken in the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 30 p m January 12. —MAXWELL.
W. S. G. A.—Judicial Board meeting at 7 15 p m January 12, in the office —FELDT
Purdue Dairy Club—Meeting at Smith Hall at 7 15 p m January 12. —SCHLOSSER.
W. A. A. Vojjeybaii—Schedule tor January 12 Pi Phi’s vs. Residence Hall, 2nd floor No. 1, at 4 p m. in the large gym Gables vs. Residence Hall, 2nd floor No. 2, at 4 p. m. in the small gym. Alpha Ghi vs. Kappas at 4.30 p m in large gym Chi Omega vs Alpha Xi at 6 p m in the large gym . —THATCHER
Vesper Services—^The final vesper services for this semester will be held at the Wesley Foundation House, January 12 at 4:06 p. m. Prof J T Gunn will be the speaker. All students aie cordially invited to attend —McEACHRON.
Purdue Engineer—All freshman and sophomore workers who want credit hours report to office January 12 at 4 p m —GILBERT
Aeronautics Club—All student members in the Institute of Aeronautical Science and National Aeronautic Association, please meet in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building January 12 at 4 p. m. —HAWKINS.
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting at 7:15 p m. January 12 in room B of the Union Building To be followed by board meeting —WILLIS
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls out for fencing meet in the Women’s Gym at 4 r46 p m January 12 —BEKO
Co-ed Ping-Pong—The following games must be played January 12: Halstead vs. Timberlake, C. Davis vs Bouton, Berry vs. Wilking, Delaplane vs. Raebig, Randall vs B Cook
—MAIER Deck Tennis—^These games must be played some time before Friday, January 15, at 6 p. m.: Shaffer, Humphreys vs Wetzel, Bush: Greenburg, Cook vs. Auld, Clymer; Lockner, Johnson vs Venemann, Pyser, Hibner, Wilson vs Halstead, Kelly, Charles, Pitch ys. Campbell, Van Rie; Beilke, Boehm vs Walker, Gross. —RIETH
Glider Club—Flight schedules are iiosted in garage. —FARWELL.
SUDDEN ®teRVlCE
P
r
RINTING, ORIce SMIoMty.P Wfddlng Invilailon*
PHONE - fate took..Elc..., -*^6 2 8 CASSEL*S dosreiuttP
Doraer’s Flower Shop Qaalit:f Flowen Main at 7tli Phone 6050
Scohee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraitt Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Ufayette
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop inOi VARflUTY ROOT SHOP
§PRSCR(BB TO THE WOllERT
Big Drum Benefit Tickets On Sale Concert Proceeds Will Be Used To Repair Drum Tickets for the Big Drum Benefit concert which will be given by the University Symphonic Band in the Jefferson High School gymnasium January 18 at 8:16 o’clock have been placed on sale at Kienly’s, Decker’s, McLean’s, and Deac’s, according to an announcement made last night by band officials. Tickets are priced at 50 cents, but special student and children tickets will be sold for 25 cents. Proceeds from the concert will be used to repair the famous Purdue dium, which has had no work done on it since it was built in 1921 and now needs attention to an estimated tune of 500 dollars.
BAB (Continued from page 2)
her beating like a swell sport lately but this time she win—McNAUGHTON, the Sig’s ladies man, who thinks that he has her all bottled up, ready to sign, seal, and deliver isn’t head man after all—BETTY is all thrilled because her real love University of Washington Sigma Chi and Rose Bowl quarterback, sent her a Special Delivery letter remarking that he will be home soon —she may get a Sig pin after all, Wee Willie . . . WANTED: Three, congenial, fun-loving MEN who take then recreation together. Any three inteiested in thiee, congenial, organized, FUN-loving girls call 4079 Wednesday night at six
o’clock and ask for Mona. This is serious—
Mona.
(Ed’s note) It sounds like a Kappa joke to me, but it might be worth a try—although you never know just what you’ll get in the dark . . . Not long ago JEANNE BEEMER, Sigma Nu BAILEY’S one and only worry, received a very charming telegram from^ a most ardent admirer who'‘ is *a member of our great basketball team — this love has been one of those secret passions for said basketball star has never had a date with JEAN-NI-PIE— what is the number of your personality this season JEANNIE—is it form 3a or 6b??—you might give some of the other co-eds at least a hint—3a is "Come Hither” personality while 6b is “Highya Big Boy” personality .... From now on any contrib turned in which is in competition for the MARS PASSES must either be initialed or signed—all information is treated confidentially as to the source—^your editor takes the beat-
ing .. . .
New Things at....CROWN Within the past few weeks, Crown has instituted improvernents that are important to you. HATS . . * Crown cleans and blocks hats (both men and women) in a manner that makes them repellent to water, thus avoiding water spotting. SUEDE JACKETS . . . a new method by which your suede jacket is refinished wittj original lustre and evenness of color, soft and attractive. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Intelligent Land Use Keynote of Conference (Continued from page 1)
the farmstead and the selection and arrangement of familiar fiowers. Celebrities The State Corn Growers’ Association IS holding its annual corn show in connection with the conference. At a banquet last night. President E. C. Elliott crowned Indiana’s corn celebrities in mock ceremonies The conference continues today with memorial services for the late Virginia C. Meredith, who was an
outstanding leader in both agriculture and home economics.
Sectional Meetings
The .sectional meetings continue throughout the week, and the first day’s attendance indicates that last year’s record of 6,846 visitors may be surpassed. The county agents will hold their annual “Get Together” tonight, while the Indiana Farm Management Association will hear Ralph Allen of Delevan on “A
Farmer’s Life.”
The rural amusement contest will hold the stage at the Jefferson high school gymnasium tonight as rural organizations present an evening of fun and song for the conference visitors. Townspeople are urged by the committee to attend the elimination tournament at 10 a. m., as a capacity crowd is expected for the evening performance, which be-
gins at 7:30.
Snooper Finds Ag Museum (Continued from page 1)
the grain. It is a crude machine, but its inventor appreciated the basic principles that are now used in modern thrashers. This early inventor, however, did not make any attempt |it devising a method to separate the grain from the chaff. The museum is littered with all kinds of plows. All kinds and shapes must have been tried out by Indiana farmers in the past. There is a large display that shows the development of harness from the days of the wooden collar to the present harness that is made of finely tan-
ned leathed throughout. Queer, oddlooking wooden machines (tags attached to them say they are meat grinders) stand beside candle molds that are almost a century old and were used in early Indiana homes. There is a butter mold on one of the shelves that once belonged to Dean Skinner’s grandmother. The large “S” on it was carved by a Civil War soldier who was on his way home after he had been discharged from the army when his term of enlistment had expired. The Skinners were pleased by his artistic carving and invited him to spend the night as their guest. The room is crowded with other odds and ends that were common to our grandfathers. An antique lover can spend a pleasant hour or two in this interesting corner of the Purdue Campus.
Aromatic tobaccos from the districts of Xanthi, Cavalla, Smyrna and Samsoun in Turkey and Greece, the tobaccos of richest aroma
.. blended with Mild ripe home-grown tobaccos — Bright tobacco from the Carolitias, Georgia and Virginia; Burley tobacco from Kentucky and Tennessee; and tobacco from southern Maryland ... and rolled in
Champagne Cigarette paper of the finest quality* This paper, specially made for Chesterfield cigarettes, is ' piire and burns without taste or odor* For the good things smoking can gheyou..
Copyright 19S7. LiGCBiT ft IfYBKS Tobacco Co.