%
J.
Volume 53, No. 20
West Lafayette,. Indiana
Tue^ay, Septeinber 30#
Gladys Swarthout
Ndfed Metropolitan Mezzo-Soprano Launches Season In Music Hall At 7:30
Gladys Swarthout, noted mezzo-soprano of the Metropolitan Opera, will launch the XJniversity’s attractive 194142 program ‘of convocations and lectures Friday, October 3, at 7:30 p.m. in the Hall of Music. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge pointed out that the convocation will start one-half houf earlier and that the doors of the Hall of Music will open at 6:45 in order that everyone will be seated before the opening number. Miss Swarthout, who first started her career at the age of 13 by pinning up her curls and announcing her age to be 19, will opep her program with the familiar “Spring” by Handel. Following this she will sing three more songs, consisting of “Come Again, Sweet Lo'ye” by Dowland, “Dido’s Lament,” from “Dido and Aeneas,” and “Hist” by Dr. Arnold. Gets Good Breaks Miss -Swarthout, who insists that a part of her success in the musical world has come from good luck and breaks that have come at. the right time, has always been known as a hard worker. At the age of 13 she obtained her first position in a church choir in Kansas City. After several years of singing in church and concert she arranged for an audition in Chicago. At the audition ska. sang a few operatic arias from her concert repertoire and was greeted a few days later With k fcotitthct for the following season. Letirns 23 , New Roles At this point in her career it dawned Upon her that she did not
know a single complete role in opera. So, living up to her reputation of a hard worker, she learned 23 complete roles in the space 6f one summer. Then in 1929 the Metropolitan in New York called Miss Swarthout to its storied ranks as La Cieca in “La Gioconda,” The debut was a success, whereupon the manage-
Gladys Swarthout
ment assigned her to leading roles in the Italian and French repertoires. J Will Sing American Songs In closing the program she will sing songs by American composers, two of which were written by Miss Swarthout herself. ^ As has been the method in previous convos all students will Ipe admitted upon the presentation of their passports and faculty members and general public by their season tickets, d.w.o.
Frosh Women To Fled Sportswomen Plan
Coed RemseiiMives the sportswomen’s picnic at 5:30 tonight instead of Monday as previously planned. Plans for the fall sports spread, to be held in November, will be made. Prof. Helen Hazelton and Prof. Marion Russell,
For AWS Tomorrow Elections for freshman coed representative in AWS will take place in the. hall of the home economics
building tomorrow from 10 a.m. un- honorary members of the club and
In Hall Of Music
Alexander Makofka, Jeff High School Band Perform By George Starr Dave Rubiiioff entertained over 6,000 music lovers on Sunday afternoon with a performance that dispelled the outside gloom from the minds of the audience. With a statement to the effect that the only way to spend such a rainy afternoon was to remain within doors, he rendered several numbers which had hot been previously announced. The size and genuine appreciation of the audience visibly pleased and inspired the artist; and he talked at length concerhihg his early career in music and the many advantages which the students at the University and citizens of this country enjoy. Mr. Rubinoff gave the impression that he has never enjoyed a performance more than this one, which, if true, would eclipse some very important occa-
sions.
Jeff High Entertains The latter part of the program was furnished by the Jefferson High School Band which rended sev^al numbers. Three violinists of the local band received merit awards from the famous violinist. Merit awards are a practice of Mr. Rubinoff which he has carried all over the country and which are to inspire youthful talent. Alexander Makofka filled the important difficult task,of accompanying Mr, Rubinoff. lijlr. Makofka is also a concert performer in his own right and played both at the opening and following the intermission of the program. Audiettce Wails for Encore The popularity o:^, the program was evidenced by the unwillingness of the audience to leave when the concert was Completed. Everyone was expecting an extra encore number. , B.A, Weinshenker ... Cincinnati, Ohio, a graduate of the University, was presented with his “wings” and gold bars of a lieutenant last Friday, October 26, after his completion of his seven and. one-half months training period at Brooks Field under the direction of, Lt. Col. Stanton T. Smith.
L<misWins It was “ahother lucky night” for dusky champion Joe Loiiis in New York’s Polo Grouiids last night as he technically knocked. out Lou Nova in 2:59 of the sixth round, for the nineteenth successful defense of his heavyweight title. ^ The right cross that floored Nova and sent him reelihg through the ropes to the apron of the ring was said to bb one of the hardest punches the champion has ever delivered. Louis weighed 20214 and Nova 202'/zAfter that punch Nova climbed laboriously to his feet at the count of nine and tried to continue. Louis hocame the killer of old and hit the Californian with everything but the ring posts. Referee Arthur Donovan thought that XoVa had had enough and halted the contest, but Lou protested that he could have continued. The usual parade of Who’s Who in bokittg—past and present —as well as a Hollywood delegation numbered among the 60, 000 spectators, o.t.c. Bogue To Play For First PI A
Mtjor G. B. Enders f ffi/nn
Gets Post Al Kabul
As Military Attache first U. S. R^presenfative To Afghanistan Kingdom Major Gordon R. Ender^, former University staff member in the department of history, government and economics j received his orders on September 26 to proceed to Kabul, Afghanistan, where Tie will take up his post as an United States Military Attache. Last year Major Enders taught History 130, Far Eastern problems, here at the University. ’ i Major Enders served in the last World War and remained as an reserve, ofiScer until the army again
Band Wili Feature 14 Year Old Girl Singer Verle Bogue will present his “Music in Vogue” at the first PI A dance of the year this Friday evening in the Union from 9:3p to 12:30. This new time has been set to enable students to go to both the Swarthout convocation and the
.dance.
Bogue, who has just completed a very successful sumnier tour at the Inglaterra Ballroom in Peoria, Illinois, featpres a 14 year old singer by the name of Margie Bprling. Margie, who specializes on the Hawaiian War Chant, has been a guest artist with Shep Fields, Bill Carlsen, Eddy Duchin and Dick Jurgens. Started In Fort Wayne A graduate of Indiana University, Bogue got his start in the musical world as a “singing doorman” at ^ theater in Fort Wayne and from there he continued up the so-called “ladder,” singing on WO WO, Fort Wayne, and then with a well-known orchestra in Chicago. With this experience behind him, Bogue shares the vocal honors in his organization.
til 5 p.m. The Associated Women’s Students organization urges all freshnian co-
members of the Women’s physical
education staff will speak. Jackie Harrison, president of the
eds to vote. Passports will be neCes- club, is in charge of arrangements sary for voting and each person, for the picnic and program, a.l.w.
will vote for two members. The following girls have been
nominated for the position of freshman representative: Marie Apostle, Virginia Armstrong, Evelyn Blemker, Ruth Cummings, Mary Dilts, Ruth Lord, Betty Mae Punk, Betsy Jansing, Judy Jones, Betty Mur-
Gordoh B. Enders
demanded his Services. His knowledge of the far East makes him
outstanding, in his duty. First Afghan Attache
This is the first United States office in the Afghanistan kingdopi^ and Major Enders will be the fest representative to open this office.,! On October 7 he wiirfly by Cfip^ per from San Francisco, stopping at Honolulu, Midway, Wake, Guam,_ Manila, and Singapore^He-expects to arrive at Singapore over this perilous route by October 15. He is taking with him a government “Jeep” Combat Car with which he later hopes to driver over the Caravan Route through the Kyber Pass from India to Russia and Iran. Dangerous Terrain / Some of these routes crosS^ the Steep crests of the~HIhdu Kush Mountains, and it is doubtful if a motor car has ever traversed these difficult routes. Wtih the “jeep” Enders will be able to make ^ttertime than the camel caravans. This journey serves as a severe test for the car and also human endurance. He expects to reach Kabul about
October 20.
Cast Music Hall Show student Union yesterday announced the cast of play^re finr this year’s show to be presented in the Hall of Music, Daifs Day, November 8. Last year the Student Union present^, the first of its series of plays “Everything But Onions,’’ and directed by Willis "^^ells. The show again this yes^ written by Willis Wells, who once again put his brain to the ■■ grindstone and turned out sndHier
smash hit.
principal theme of
rrssnnion VfOmcn thing But omons of mi” wHi be
a satire on when dad went to cpI-
T - AIM compared with student life 10 ricfll JlinC IVI0in ^^t present. The music for '^e show
will be turned out by Irv Given'and At Collealene Chat
^ The cast includes Betty Wedge, 771, V J ^ L . nZ ’T j Robert Stanbaugh, Jane Robinsonj At th. third Coltee.«.e Chat for George Carbao, Patricia Mdffltt;
freshman women tomorrow, Jane gobert Supke, Robert Maccl, StanKlein of the University of Cincin- ley Corman, John Swensen, !E^elpiclW nati will talk on “You Und Soror- Leinweber, Robert Adams, a]|d>A.
B. Evans. Stage Manager wBl ^
Mi-ss Klein is a senior in the Uni- Sterling McCarthy, an^an^
tor, Marjone Hans. The first
versity of Cincinnati, where she is hearsal wiU be held in the nbrih president of the women students, ballroom of the Union, Wedne^y, a member of Mortar Board, and a at 4 p.m. j.b.m. «
member of a national pan-hellenic sorority. Her talk is one of the series presented as part of the orientation course of ‘ the counselors program for all freshman women. The meeting is to be held in Room 4 of the Home Economics Building. Mary Ellen Scarff and Lynn Ergenbright are in charge, a.l.w.
Byrd To Shm ■ ' '' ■7 ■ ■
Antarctic
OnOctol^r
EE Students To Hear Hockema Tomorrow/7:30 student branch of A.I.E.E. will
hold its first meeting pf the year
phy, Mary Richey, Eleanor Smith, tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the elecJulia Jan Steffey,, Carolyn Wilbur, trical engineering building,
and Betty Willengham. c.w.
Exponenf Staff
There will be a meeting of , members of the Exponent staff Wednesday, October 1, at 4:15 p.m. in room 304 of the Union. Every person working on the editorial and coed staffs is expected to be present.
—Traugott
Exponent Establishes New Coed Business Staff; Call-Outs Today Exponent will establish a new, coed business staff; memlbers J, B. Grant of which will work on art layouts and advertising promotion. This staff will be composed of four elected officers and sophomore and freshman workers. Led by the coed business manager, the new organization will have two or three junior managers and sophomore and freshman workers. As yet only two
sophomores have come out and - —
Professor Hockema, assistant to the president, will speak on the 3E’s, “Energized Engineers for Employers,” a field in which he has conducted extensive research. Gordan Robbins, president of the organization, will introduce the new officers. All electrical engineers and interested students are, invited to*, alien. .A door prize will be awarded, and refreshments will be'served,
h.e.
Magazine Will Sponsor Cqllege Photo Contest
, ' By Carol Wattleworth Seniors! Are you interested'in winnipk'u photographic career? If you have imagination, talent with a catflera, and an interest in photography, you have an unusual opportunity to step tfom the classroom into .ah exiting career., ' Vogue’s s«ec.opd photographic contest.,fot college seniors is open to both men and. womeri., The two career ptizes each consist of a’six* ■ months*‘hl)preiiti€eship7with. a, s'al.^ty, in the Conde Nast'Studioa in New 'toTk, These, two awards; carry with them a possibility of a . permanent position on completion of the period 'of apprenticeship.'There ate eight cash pi-jses, and- honorable
mention.
Contest Rules The rules of the contest include filling out an entry blank, before November 26,- and answering a series of problems which will appear. in November, ' December, March, arid April issues of Vogue. ■’'"The Conde Nast studios have a tradition of fine craftmanship, and "fine photography. An apprenticeship wi.tb such a firm is an invaluable experience for the serious student of photography. The eight cash awards, and the honorable mentions are awarded to the be^st photographs submitted for each problem.
there is abundant opportunity for those, seeking Junior jobs. Regular competition for the ejectoral jobs will determine those who will fill the positions! To give the coeds a chance to learn the obgan-Sophomore-freshman callout for all coeds interested in working on the coed business staff of the Exponent will be at 4 today in the Puttering Shop in ffie sub-base-ment of the Union. ization and jobs, selection will not be made for several weeks. There is still room and time for juniors interested. Staff Duties Duties of the staff will consist of stenographic, advertising layout, and merchandising experience. The organization willj be a very flexible unit in the business, end of the Exponent. For instance, during rush subscription-selling seasons, the coeds , will lend their services to the circulation department. The coeds will be in Charge of style shows; valuable experience can be gained in work on these events as well as in working with adveftising layouts and at stenographic duties. The coeds will be directly connected with the local clothing dealers and with some national advertised clothing institu-
tions.
For the benefit of those who don’t understand advertising layouts, (Continued on page 4)
Saturday Night Mixer Features Bob Barnes Bob Barnes and his Indiana University band will furnish the music at'the regular mixer which will be held this Saturday evening from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms of the Union. Barnes furnished the music for the gala mixer on Dad’s Day last November. Annabelle Alexandra, Barnes’ pretty vocalist, will feature special numbers. '' The usual mixer price of one dollar will prevail, d.l.g. ' ■ / Freshnian Coed Honorary Sponsors Library Tour Alpha Lambd^ Delta, honorary for distinguished freshman coeds, will sponsor, a tour of the lUniversity library. Members of the honorary will meet freshman women today at 4 in the vestibule on the first flloor of the library. , Librarians will explain the functions of the library, and how the student may best make use of it. The tour is under the direction ^f Jeap Lauer, Virginia Lee MacDohald, president' of the honorary, jurges all freshmen coeds to attend.
... government inspector, recently visited the University in order to witness\the “'Flash Over” tests on insulators manufactured by Porcelain Products Company of Parkersburg, West Virginia. These tests were performed by C. S, Sprague of the Engineering Experiment Station.The insulators are of a type to be used on the
Bonneville Dam project.
Elliott To Make Awards At Military Corps Day • Outstanding military students will be presented with medals by President Elliott in a special ceremony at corps day today in the University Armory. These medals are offered~uach'"year~by“the Chicago Tribune in order that interest in ROTO training might be increased. The students receiving medals will be as follows: Gold Medal, D. C. Shelton; Silver Medal, G. R. Becker; Bronze Medal, R. C. Howes; 'j-r. Albright Resigns; Will Start Business ''^William Purvis Albright, extension poultryman for the last four years at the University, resigned today, announced Dr. J. Holmes, head of the poultry department. Albright, well-known to the poultrymen of this state, will establish a private hatchery and poultry feed business near Greensboro, N. C. Before coming to the University, he spent two years in poultry extension work and four years in teaching and research at Oklahoma A and M College. For six months he served as assistant county agricultural agent in North Carolina, and received hi& BS from North Carolina State College and his MS degree from Kansas State College, e.l.s.
Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd, noted explorer, will make; twe pearances in the Hall of Music on Monday, October 13. Byrd will present a lecture, and movies of his Antarctic Expedition, sponsored, ky ffie Lafayette I4onS;;Gl^.i„ The first perfoTmai|cer fjrjSiK^# designed for'school ^htldreii^ be given at 1:30 p. m. sion charge will be 20 evening performance wilL h0; adults at 8:00 p. m., with an adniUi!' sion charge of 60 cents. Mc * Tickets are avaflable. r ifl schools in the vicinity, with; fhe deadline for sales at Friday October 10. Tickets can also be obtained at Decker’s, Deac's, Southworth’s. University Book Union Building, and from Lions Club members. The committe in charge is posed of E. F. Degering, chairman, Otto May, Justus Rising, Daniel DenUyl, and E. C. Stair. Alpha Chi Omega ... sorority announces the initiation of the followingL Louise Anne Bradly, Rushville; Mary Jane Burton, Indianapolis; Barbara Clifton. West Lafayette;. Barbara May, Alexandria; Joan Regnell, Evanston. III.; Joan Sullivan, Kankakee, Ill.; LaVerne Zene, Evanston, Ill. Taw fpsf/on Wif 7 ... social fraternity announces the initiation of the foUowing: Howard Green, Newark, N. J.; Norman Spetner, St. Louis, Mo.; and Mr. Andrew Fried, Lafayette, as an associate member.
Attendance At Open Practice Declinfl Following Riveter Loss To Vanderbil
By Ted Clark Destructive criticism is so easy to voice and once again the wolves are howling for a scalp, somebody’s scalp, anybody’s scalp; it doesn’t matter, just so it’s a scalp. Because Mai Elward’s Boilermakers lost to Vanderbilt on Saturday and let th^ student body down, say the wol'i^. And what is more, the seniors had to wear their derbies''hbme (or wherever they went after the game). One robin doesn’t make a summer, nor does one football game make a season, yet everyone and his maiden aunt from Oshkosh is ready to crucify the team and the coaching staff. He Felt Swell ' One prominent member of the Riveter squad heard a group of students remark that they didn’t think they’d bother to see the remainder of the Boilermaker games. After «]1|
why should they if we couldn’t even beat Vandy ? That member of the squad must have felt swell about that remark. Last night fully 16 students attended the third Monday open football practice. Elward went to the trouble to see that bleachers to accomodate 1,000 students were put up. Those empty bleachers were certainly tacit testimony that the student body is guilty of letting the team down. Students Weren’t Good, Either The writer does not claim that the Gold and Black played a good game Saturday, fOr they certainly did not, but neither is the student body playing a good game. Scrimmage—and it was a real scrimmage—^lasted until after six o’clock last night under the lights of Ross-Ade Field. Squad spirit was stronger than it has been at any time during the embryo season. It is pretty tough for a squad to have
a long scrimmage session has just met a team that was iit tipA' season condition. But there any complaints. Every player from Tom Melton and Jim Miller down to the last sophomore was pointing for a victory over Pittsburgh this Saturday. But that woif ^ any good unless the- studentod for a win over Pitt, ^oo. And is one way to do it. See The Team: Off • The team leaves for City Thursday evening, at A; and a pep session tQ.oiM!-.d^j_^__^ sessions has been plaimfid: tbne. Need we aay moret Itvi " tainly takes inoi« wergy^?; football than it dne| to sop)i7 team. After a long day of next Monday we h<m Uwill prefer the eriap air oil tice field to the atmoai^beii^i^ Sweet Shop.^' , —yriUitimum Mmr-Qo-
nnuiK
In the Exponent of September 17 there was printed a letter to the editor which questioned ^ —if not cohdeftihed—a ttuittbef df bolnt*? about the mihtaiy depaitment of the Umveisity We think it only fair to bring up several items that were touched upon lightly by
the writei
One of the greatest points of condemnation by the writer was the fact that the classroom work in the basic courses was largely farcial That the instiuctors failed to take advantage of the oppoitumty that they had for the teaching of military as a subiect, and instead
M4irly‘Go-Rl)und's Expose put foith a rather useless lecture in which of franking Abuse Brings main object seemed to be the *rect anm a. 0 criB '^''eiing of any questions that might be forthFBI Raid; West Backs rUR coming on the quizz at the end of the hour By' Drew Pearson and Bob Allen This may or may not be the Situation, but WASHINGTON — One of the the fact remains that in the basic courses, early prerogatives given to nieni than half the student's time IS spent in bors of Congress the Pounding theoietical classroom work The rest is prac-
tical work in drill on the floor of the Armory, and in the case of the second year basics, some practical work outside on topography
or gunnery
In fact (according to figures taken from the Purdue University Military Department handbook) only 38 75 per cent df the sophomores’
and rightfully so—up to the pres- time IS spent in classroom work The percenent, even though a similar privilege tage for freshmen IS slightly lower—38 per
IS dhnied the men in the arpiy gent > We fully realize that this argument does not answer fully the Charge that the actual classroom work is carried on in art incompetent or carefree manner, but it does seem to us that (granting that there is dissention and discontent over the military situation at Purdue), it is hardly fair to blame it upon a portion of the course which occupies a max-
In that tiuckioad weie the of per cCrtt of the students’ time spent
flanked envelopes of \aiious Sen m the COUrse The only answer would seem to be that this per cent sticks in the students’ mind more
Fathers was the light to send their mail at public expense This was a privilege granted foi the purpose Of enlightening the electorate le garding then acts in Congress, to defend themselves and also, of comse, to help in the all impoitant
job of getting re elected
This piivelege has continued-
camps, who appreciate mail moie
than almost anything else Last Week however, an FBI track backed up to an Offiice on Rhode Island Avenue, previously exposed lU this column as having Nazi connections, and carted a batch of docuirtents down to the Justice Depart-
ment
ators and Congressmen, including the late Senatoi Lundeen of Min nesota Senatoi Nye of Noith Da Kota, Senator Woith Clark of Ida ho, now investigating the movies. Representative Day of Illinois, Repiesentative Tinkham of Mas machusetts, and ex Representative
Thoi kelson of Montana
These envelopes contained speech
than does the remainder of the course, i At the same time, it seems the military department deserves considerable credit for the increased practiCallity of their cburse 6V6r the last few years. (The following is taken mostly from memory). The time Spent on $he armory floor has changed in proportion within itself in the last three years. Less time iS spent on close order drill and more on the Usable gun section drill. This Was aided by the army’s adoption of the simplified drill procedure that eliminated the old squads left and right that took So many weary hours to master. Gun drill is far more interesting on the whole and is undeniably more advantageous to the artilleryman, should he ever have to put what he has learned to practical use. Increased use of the minature batteries which fire either 1 in. steel bearings or small shot, IS another form of modernization that has been adopted by the military department recently, although this applies more to the advanced courses than the basics. Even so, I there is a lot of outside work being done that we never noticed before And this is a good thing, because one morning or afternoon on a hillside spent trying to visualize the number of mils (about YlVi mils m a degree, for you civilians) between the target and the aiming point or measuring the angle with firecontrol instruments is worth many hours doing the same sort of thing in a classroom on a piece of paper What iS wrong with the military department*? We’re sure we don't know. We’re not sure there is anything radically wrong, but we were glad to hear from the writer of the letter. Too many people nurse things like that around here without saying anything or by saving them for house “bull-sessions ” Let us hear from you Perhaps something can be done about it 1 w r.
Tuesday, September 30, 1941 10.00—News 10 10—Cm 10 Man 10 16—Music ^ ’ 10 30—WeSAA “Presents 10 46—Theatre of ^ong ll.(j(0_i<J^rfnca>le4 0# t^ithFrof.T K Nbss 11 60—Purdue News it oip—AtfrlcitfttiK&l llbrtnii 12 1&—M6et the Hand 12 46—(Flexible fo® Special Events) V , 1 00—Souvehus 1 30—^Betty Wedge—singer 1 46— 2.00— A Stoiy a Day 2 l6—Pareht Portntt 2 30—Virginia Ulrey—singer 2 46—Treasure Chest 3 OO—]f(ews 3 lO—Music 8 AS—AftenOon M4lodibS 8 3Q—Mnsicdl RoundrUp 4.00- pTera TinVe Tunes. 4 l&L-Heard m th(^ Hallway 4 46—Little Miss Muffet 6 00—fUst Rfelax 6 16—Em))loyni6nt Sbrvfcd 6 30—Vespers 6 46^Cario Man &‘60i—News 6 00—Dinner Music 6 30—Sports 6 46—The Magic Carpet 7 00.—Religious Drama 7 16—Music 7 30—Carolyn Wood—sirtger 7 45—Music Witbbut Word^ — Mildied Johnson 8 00—Stmy of the Opera 8 30—Eventide Echoes 8 46—‘Sacred Music 9 00—Carl Hedburg’s Band 9 30—Music 9 50—News 10 00—Off the Air
F. R. Hall Addresses Ag Factilfy Lufncheon Prank R Hall of the history,
Di
economics and government de paitment addressed the monthly
es of the various Congiessmen, but luncheon meeting of the agiicnl the envelopes weie unaddressed In tuie staff yesteiday noon in the other u 01 ds, the gentlemen who pos- faculty lounge of the Union The sessed this cheiished privilege of subject of Di Hall s address was flee franking had permitted it to “World Events and Governmental be delegated to a Nazi supported Policies as They Relate to Democ oiganization which could decide lacy in the United States ’ wher^the piopaganda should be Di W V Lainbeit associate di sent lector of the Agiicultural Experi
This incident emphasizes a situation frequently exposed in this column, wherein certain Congressmen have passed along their franking privilege At meetings of the Christian Mobilizers American Destiny Party and other groups the franked envelopes and addresses of Nye, Wheeler, Reynolds and others were passed out free, to be addressed and sent “to a friend ” Franked Supplies On Hand The Steuben Society’s Unit No
^The Ratio^
3.03
• • • to 1
Pool Alpha Chi Rho Dave MacMillan is really having his troubles these days He’s been trying ever since legistration to get a date with
75 To Atfend Vocsiional Courses
basic flying at Goodfellow Field,
Nearly 76 men are now enrolled
Y, rvT r. "■ vocational courses m mpehme ^ Pi Phi Patty Moffit, all to no avail g^op and Welding which ar^ bhing ^hile Arterbuifi received his pri Get on the ball, boy A smooth apple offered as night classes m Michael mary tiammg at Parks Air College like youiself shouldn’t have any GolSen shops on the campus, Prof ^is basic at Randolph Field tiouble department of Mayfield has bebn assigned to the Speaking of troubles, here’s a gg^eial engineering, announced to- ferrying command at piize one The othei day, Lennie ^ay These courses are being offered Pendelton, Oregbn, and Aitetburn
Who said that there was nothing Kitts saw Betty Anderson about the state department of educa- assigned to thh air forge doing over at the Kappa House ^6 yaids down the hall from him ^,0^ ^nd aie sponsored by the La- combat command at Oilando, FIobthese days We heai tell that they tlnion, and he called to her fayette public schools d W o
had a party last week oilt at Blitz’s started towards her Well, Bet- Tiairting is being offered in night
* „ and quite a time was had by all tV around and looked at him, <;fass6s to meh who aie employed ment Station, acted as chairman of Dottie ASSP Canfield came home foi turned and actually ran (j^y AboUt 25 aie now
you^ot ynur decoFationa, Miss SoR(i^^Faga.
^ll);^lHnn;lrtll(l^jil H|il imi.iiM. mill ' ' '■'* Mi—•''•'I .'ll' "Vi j^rtrkdf Sludeflfi Receive Eastern Alumni Wilt See (filsioif I ^cond Tm PIdj At pmm
If^ArW Pittsburgh Will he (h^ gcift/
LjeUieninfS in Air lOrpS ,veekendofagalagathering<4tb^
, ’4^* Mid University’s eastern alumni, roeet-
Covmgton B.liAyiethurn, ’36, wgre f S for the football ^tWe^
^ ^ , the Boilermakers and the pittS-
among 96 cgdetg from 18 states to Pantheis, according td the
receive their wmgs nnd cornmis- ^^y
siqija aa second lieutenants m the Boilermaker star, and chairU. ? Army Ai^ Hdips last Pnday committee iri charge bf
at Balks
dale Field, KbWsiina. Boilermaker delegation Will Lieutenant Mayfield received his ^
primary flight training at Missouri Institute of Aeronautics, and his
game and hold a dinner and dfihim in the evening with the team coaching staff as gttests of hotlW*
the piogiam vbw
a date later on and was so excited
] that when she went to leave the
house she tiied to go by way of tbe
take m inteiviewing the beet glow closet instead of out the front door eis He had come to Salt Lake for some stuff pleasure and the beet gioweis ^j^g^g jg^n^g ^os would be painful But duty was gg fjnaljy come out of hei shell duty so Claude Wickaid let them r^j^g j^gj^y fgjjg^
dy Harris, and the something new
They weie a group of thiity men, that was added was no doubt his and the complaint they made has new conveitible not been equalled by anything in There s one fellow on this cam Washington They complained about pus that leally believes in looking
enrolled in Cach of two sections in machine shofi and the same num bei in the welding cldss c w
out the door away from him Now
we’ve seen everything
Fiji, Ken Gossett is really in the
Pi Phi house solid these days He
went over theie for dinner the other Hunter College students volUnday, and the girls like him so much tarily -Vvithdraw fiom School when that they made up a special table the/ fail to meet minimum stand
SO that ten of them could Sit with ards of scholaiship him instead of the usual five, oi
what ever it is Incidentally, he’s ^ sneak-thief made away With veiy sohcitious about his girl Katie f^»an $1,000 woith of ihstiu Bertsch, too He calls her at least fiom Louisiana State Uni-
three times a day veisity music school
Motion picture actor Dana Andrews IS a graduate of Sam Hous-
ton College
55 held a meeting in New York on prices, about quotas, about labor, aftei his woman We’re lefeiiing
June 18 and on June 13 it issued a letter to ‘ Deal Steubemtes,” urging them to,come to the meeting As an inducement the letter said “At this meeting excerpts from the Congressional Record will be distributed to the members . . . These excerpts can be used to publicize our society to gieat advantages These excerpts are in flanked envelopes, lequning no pos-
tage ”
All evidence points to the fact that vaiious German American, pro Nazi and other isolationist organizations keep a supply of
but most of all they complained to ATO Bob Livinghouse and Bon-
about the importation of foreign
sugai
They declared the American
sugar market should be for American beet and cane, to hell
with the cane from Cuba Wickaid squirmed He wished
he could get out into the great open spaces the West was nqted for Then something happened « A man rose to speak Wickard’s face relaxed, and the whole at-
mosphere was changed
‘Mr Secietaiy” said the beet faimei “we came to complain, but
franked speeches on hand, supplied ^ ^.^^g We got to giipe
them by the gentlemen of Congress For instance, a few days aft-
nie Robbins It seems as though Bob IS developing the habit of cut ting the classes that interfere with Bonnies off houis Might be nice foi the new lomance and help to cut down on the competition but we 11 bet a dollar that the Univer sity doesn’t like it Anothei poem, people ^^There once was a girl from St
Paul,
Who wore a newspaper dress to a ball The dress caught on fire, And burned her entire. Front page, sport section, and
all ”
How To Tell Enlisted Men
er the name of Mrs R F Nelson, Farmington, Minn, appeared in a Minneapolis paper, she received, unsolicited, a letter from Congressman Stephen Day of Illinois, containing the xpeeeh he delivered June 15, sent out with the cooperation of the Columbia PrOss Service which is now being probed by a federal grand jury on the charge that it is financed by
German agents
But the most mteiesting thing about the franked Day letter was that it was hot postmarked Washington, 01 even Illinois, where the Congressman lives—but Minneapo hs Congressman Day had sent a batch of his franked speeches to a propaganda group to be diSli ibuted —at the taxpaper’s expense Likewise Senatoi Wheeler’s l.ank has been postmarked from
Purdue Exponent
about sugar but we’ie not giiping about other things We’ie with you and we’ie with the President ‘ Don t suppose ’ he continued
‘that weie back of Woith Clark (isolationist Senatoi fiom Idaho)* Entered as second class mattei at the post No Sir* If he spoke out here today, m Lafayette Indiana under the act , ,, ^, ,1 0^ Congress of March d 1879 and at the he d go away all spattered with special rate of postage provided for in sec ocr<ra tmii o lot of ooonlo wonJflTi’t October 3 1917 authorized eggs and a lOt or people wouiant January 20 1922 Published daily except listen to him at all Monday during the regular academic year , , 1 . , , , weekly during the Sumirter Session We don t like wai, but we ie Delivered locally by carrier for $3 aO per tired of argument and weie leady mail subscriptions $4 oo
‘ ‘ - Ned A OchiltreO
John L Traugott Don S Powers
to fol w the President ”
The entiie delegation of complain ers bioke into a stoim ot applause
Merry-Go-RoUnd
Hard woiking 0PM Priorities chief Donald Nelson has received some stiangc lequests foi priority oideib One was foi pipestem Clean ers to go into the manufactuie of d bomber Anothei, fiom another an plane company, was loi 34 cop les ot the book “How to Win Fi lends and Influence People”
Editdr m Chief News Editor
Hubiness Manager
Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W Ruffner Associate Editors J E Amos J M Arm St ong D T Brophy R L Hudlty F I Jones E G Kieper business Staff Local Advertising Managers K K Gjem e R E Saxton Circulation Managti W r Bell Accounts Manager W D Mil lard Cood Staff Editor huth Rose Assoc ate Editors Mary K Boynton tKc -
Alrcc Chatneld
fcuth an obscuie town as Uppei Dai- High goveinment legal officials aie by, Pa Senatoi Woith Claik’s waimy commending an addiess by trank has been mailed out ot Aid Federal Judge Robeit N Wilkm of more, Pa, Nye’s from Omaha, and Ohio on ‘ What Is the Law ’ Aftei S«natOi Jolmson of Colorado has leading a punted copy of the had hi8 ietteis sent postmarked speech, Piesident Roosevelt pen New York to a professor in Texas tiled on it, “Excellent” Wise —all done thiough benefit of one tiaekcd Repiesentative Wilburn of the mobt abused of all tongreb- Cai twnght ot Oklahoma, “Why does >»onaI concessions, the franking a led headed giil always many a piivjlege quiet fellow’ She doesn t He just W»St Behind Roosevell- 8®*'^ "way aftei he’s mamed’ At fliit, the ^eietary of Agn- (Copyiight, 1941, by United Featuie eultui e thought he had made a mis- Syndicate, Ine )
Editor
Associate E liters O Fraser J S Keeler
Sports Staff Phil (i Johnson a Clark J D
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vi NorthiVestCrn Ave Phone 4965
Etetythirig fot a College Edudtition DEAC’S
LEARN TO DANCE enroll in our NE^y ADULT beOrNNER'^ cus^ Wed., Oct. tst, 7^:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Oct. 2nd, 7:00 P. M.
ALLEIV^S 6ih and FerPy
TODAY -TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
SLttFe
DAVIS
IQ^
£n
m XMltaiikf aulMHlM'S OmIuI HERBERT MARSHAU* JAMES STEPHENSON aaiM UUKSMn UaU KNMltalOAWlB
PLUS
"LErS GO COLLEGIATE' Cdrtipfus Cut-iiipB Collegiate Rhythm with GALE STORM MARCIA MAE )ONES )ACKIE MORAN
— comd4g — KNUTE ROGKNE
-TODAY - WEDHESDAY-
Phones Editorial and business, 4005, Sports 2792, Edifonal After o, 10 P M, 5377 ■Represented for national advertising by Nat ona! Advcitisiny: Seivice Inc Colletje PubiisTcrs Rcpicbci lativcil 420 Madison A VC New Yolk N Y Staff For This Issue Night Editor Brophy Sports Editor Keeler Issue Editor; I iseher Day Editdr Ramsduf Reporters Wells Wdttlewoith Wiekaid Allemang Starr Kimbrell, Shevell Glaspit Eekbltm Barnes Cussudy
itUkU. FIRST CURE m S4Sfifa« tRIVITE }30 HI RO. firliisf loirinllit Non-commis^oned officers in the U S Army, as distinct from commissioned officers, wear the insignia of their rank on the uniform sleeve, OfficerjS wear it on the shioqlder. Below each Of the insignia above is the base pay fof soldiers of that grade (Chart, courtesy “H. V*. KalUitDefense Senes.*')
LIIII4 DlCnte ..MIERICAS In It ihrllMillad fe^ ihuttury of ih«
Today - WednoBday ^ — 2 BiG HIT$-i^ LOVE BECOMES A As ih»v 4 tm wlio lenliols g mllligg li«M n All pglillMl -sIronfbAWI
J"
A MAN BETRAYED
©WARD RLtlSm
If ^ I
>«■
[^"managers and sports
;^-'v:'.'^-i'’if.’r-‘':' .•'^.la, .,-.;ff ^ S -.v
J,. »:■#«» -'..J"'
m mmsiwsm m .fd^da- ■ f^Bt^tiday afternoon. H^avy emphasis! >jpas ptttv dn; for SatiKrda/S; game with iitts-^v
through simple, running
stressed downheld blocking as one of
‘ *f6hy']Er^^6',pJ^^lny^Slft6ttft, Tohi' ■■ "
■■|||!te,,ip JjW- ■■ lo'^ed g'Spd ^ft’cid.t^aaiJiahtaM.'M*/ ^ .offensi
^il^«ii)Bfe. f . h^_ ‘ihirtcfd. defel^sl^P 6dclcs
presenting*,.
MitsHFM - 4% jS ■
I Mg'-
■■Ti
Eoit^ifriiaket' ’dd'f^ceind-
fiflts dt Robin Rpod #erP present
the
iii|4|t;.1|^im.inage '
‘ :WM ttf bte' a tentative
ms^vxttoTn. l)n^,d np a^rainst a de- at the initial conclave which |^|l^^^>r®^“W;4.®ho8en„^a^^ random ^y^bers held ySStei'day, afterncon in
tneti, arid MM pieldhouse. The club was reot"
* ganlMd for the coming school year,
with Warren James being named ehairmari, and Bob Freymari aiJ-
same pointed Assistant Chfiirmari. A
President and,Vine President will be elected at a later date, ■,. ,
IS " •‘TT'h M /"'“’ThTtr
3&^if JcMd. .: to^end a team to the 11?':';;' xii?-v“ , — r - ’ indoor stat.p arrhorv t.niirn«nipnt.
In .M; ^
Sopho-
86 yards for meeting w^ePnoyd J. Yoder R^ ^ valuable replacement for
ri^Mi^^^shovliing a hpeed arid B. Larson, Bill Berryman, Leslie E. « » able replace ent for
• They're Still My Teeitt
If there is anything that we dislike it is a person who plays along with a winner, basking in the reflected glory of victory/brit immediateiy
i.„4. ' AW i*«i+ sidriMclta him tfffori any signs of weakening, refusing to assume any
but commented'dhi tM yMbud'payers fettttBiflg fBum
.yeaPi, ■ .._,..,-}r::'i '.yij-'. ' ;, We',-dciift’t .aim^itb, .grim excuses or .offer reasons for.'tbe miserable Adapts Captains Team *■ showing of the. team Saturday. We know, you know, and the team knows VMsity. letteitmeh : of Mst year tfiemlAi# fiiltt terrible perfofmariM. We also know and believe that Who ate Main out fdr the) taMl KlllllIvS LllllllOy •ffll, thje feubws who make up this 1941 Bbilermaker squar are as conseientiops a^’e Captain Gene Adams, Norm T- 1 ‘' It] ri Mrich as ever tossed ri pikskirt about a gridiron. WeTl bet that any GOMStei«y;Jv Ei Eant/ D,. W. Mat- triefuimt of the Sqrigd WOUM (pflt toMy if they thought it would help
MilM, and W. d. Bond.:^woatlMs ^|qY5 in Xrimm win,that hall gariiejSaturdM
on iaat M**'® sMad/ namely , ;,J,oe E^albfiteseh^ arid Bob <3t:eem ' were expected to return but were called
in. the draft by UhcM Sam;; ■Fforri Last yearns freshman var-
• Whaf' W^re Dding?
. Arid'Where-^ere-them anything to play for Saturday?
_ J V, r Everyone was calmly thinking of having a great team arid playing Fracfice reSbiried ikoriday by art easy opefter—rSo caimiy that they forgot to hnbibe any sort of
sity squad eome some proiriiairig f^®®hrii^ri ^dbtbail sqMd d^. spirit intb; the gathering at all. It: might have been a ftmerai parlor
players such as, Ebb. EMdst'ori, fleet ishe /ihreatMirig itf .the da-rk itwas so
ttackriiari, and iPfed . Meyer/'Also ‘i'lndds tHa^ M'bmed Overhead; Aftbr. We just aren’t’the chameleott type. Last night there was a handful among these sophomore candidates k; thirtyfiMririte of spectators at practice,. Compared to the large gatherings at the first
SrO F C we<!e f! 1W riteotme ij -W rierieistihg of passirig ahd pljritirig two practices. That’s certainly not bur idea of Boilermaker spirit.
SM-^i ^WSd’fi^l <Jrms.riie squad Iff ' '
Wilkiris. E. E. Ackermari, one Of Hard/ Toltgh
the heet freshmari; prospects iri.griite M fh® aquM takeri, by assist- Pittgbur^ Wmtprobabiy ihave a tougher team than Variderbilt. 'They a/while, failed to retrifri. ant Gbach Eehririgy to fhe . varsity have one of the toughest schedules iri the nation, facing Ruedue, Miehfr'aCtibes Each AfterhOort praetiee fl^eid .fO' seriftiriiage agafrist Igan, Minnesota, DukOy Ohio state; Pordham, and hlebraska m a row. TToAn .sefivWOA^ Mai Elward’s.gridlrien. . They also have a veteran team to face it with. They aren’t heard from
ilvf«fl““h/Sr«Swn3^ ^
men Mactiee Ih ilaStieS amiine 2WlM Ws irtShmeil Wilft mays Ml «lie Boilermalicts play a liresome game sigainst the Fanters? themilves Not rihtii latefS’n the are beiftg used by PitfShurgh. We thmk not; No. team could be as bad as they were last Saturday for Whmi iSe^ SasS AririedWith;these:play8, the PrMh a row/ Were all «f , these rumors about Purdue’s speedy starts will Supervihod practice be- ''^ere .sent against the .varsity, so M®kfie!d all foprided On .fancy ? We think not. Does the 1941 BoilerSrwhto: the SSS- «?* an .vamity goiW .get an idea "»tot ‘n*"- '“k We think act. ,
squashwaSoyef aweek ago, ‘‘Chief’’ ^ w’^?t^ey are .to expect
Clevett wishes tO strUsS that any ®®™tuay. , ,tv : . . Tj',,Ar.,r*u;,iA. ic, +i,’„„ m, i.- j men iriterested iri Varsity squash EWhfes hrufriber Shtty • Everythin in up, to_ the team now. The chips are down. But no team M ' ■ ' play Winning football unless, they have support. Let’s eive them may still dome Mt, ,, Mte amoshthree weeks of pric. every cha^^^ PP t. l.et s give them The first match of thb season will tice, Coach,^Btirriha^ hag^ roxmded \ . y be with a team of alumni who for- his squad of PrOShi Into a group of v ■ ^
By Ralph Barries
At fullback for, the Boilermak-
ers is Vincent Albert Snyder, more . . e . X , . „ .1 commonlv known as <‘Rockv ” ‘‘The squash- herq. sixty up and coming future varsity Rock” is five fOet nine anr? nnp-hnlf John Buceh, Tony Sokolowski, Oriq contenders, Only one major injury
Those Who attended yesterday s jjj„j,gg ij„ij „ jjj Jackson, Jack-Nowl, and Forest has marred the roster. Sheridan,
smashing ball player,^arid to furnish, ri cont,erider for a g^ra'berth, who Pgj.j.y , competition. The riiatch is to be heM hails from Shottridge of Irfdianap-
Sf ti*#WferfiiSj** ‘fe, B«i>- damh’lta°Sardl™Simi‘'(Sfrg4 ' "‘‘bW’ (as his room mates haiie “* ten o’cloct the morningjf home: .... StlMPtad thls ^d. ■<“ 1.1m) :hpns from Massllop, com.ng which .s October 26,
added that a
;J^MM®riierit in: thri team’s W. Freyman, Dick
.,^,,,^ybMbklrig Mriae possible ®® Hart, arid WarrCn
tiffeiiqubltdpwn Mrint. Organized practice will be held
seems to be the every Mondqy,Wedriesday,andFri-
M;^|l^)pf:th^iiybbk’s drills, for day at 4:16 p.m. On. the archfeTy trip. 3b#* 4id'j09t that until qfter range. The archers will hold their
dt^tirieing unfler ^t^^^ next meeting at 4:16 p.m. on Mon-
iiilhk’MtilJl^Md Anally halted day, October 6th/in Room 104, in
Undatedjjy the prac-'^ t^ FieMhouse, AH students who
ate interested are requested to at-
^l^tt^^?TOi^'^(ri^tf‘TO®MaYy■^h■eri tfe r.w.k. iriteiy tftbr‘training tribl'k r.b.b.. Subscribe To YoUr CUntpUs Daily
Ohio, as does his team mate, Jipi Annual Dayton Jaunt Near
dlis, is bn the .siMliriqs With a pairi-
fril arm iri jury. .. Bofrie, Good Sfriff Tkere
Som’O: of the. talent that has been
Itlries Inf Tormorrow lor iniert||lernlty pgier Meet \ According to “Chiick” LeWis, tTiiioli Vide President, tomorrow will be the last day for: entries in the Interfratemity Bowl-
Miller Co-captain of this year's Another onexOf.th* S^son-s Froth smad this *«8 ToB^BSment- To ^ eligible to participate, each fraternity team. In high sehool there, Eocky matches wjU ,bc »|m..st the army ^ ^ «dddf,tedly prove ah as- Mwst Submit its etttty at the Student Union office on the secWon major monograms for three officers of Wright Field at Dayton, . . , . v,, . 1 ^ , j a "jS j-t. -tt • t, r? . years in both football and basket- Ohio. It is hoped tob that a match ^floor of the Union on or before that date.
K„,1 v.„„ .,„vr„.„a „11 withthe Officers’terimatFortEnox ™^ 2fl:Teams.Last Year ; tvill he siated'. Althotlgh the schedule *a, ^*®, *^® .Great: interest was shown in last
has riot yet bceii. defiriitely formedi, outstanding, is Stram, a fleet-foot- year’s tournament by the partici-.
ed speed merchant from Gary. Me- pants as well as the spectators and riekso, a fine blocking quarterback, tf is hoped that this year’s entries a so from the steel city, has bright include all off the campus so-
ciai fraternities. Many thrills were
from the close matches
* ril>dniirig PrilAtt fEASER , for that ILUSlVI MirNGIflK TEASER • . "in wee small hours tom's Delidious Steaks and Sandwiches TOSriS RESTAURANT Sdl UniyerBity Street Acrofis from fife AiTmoriywtiowvCann Itf
gies to the gridirori here.
Loses Teeth Twice
He is superstitious about brush- it wilt be Similar to that of,last year,,
ing his teeth before, practice ses- w.h.c., sions, haying .d,one it only, twice
and having lost teeth both times. iv x, ..i j.
Be worries aMut losing Ms blonde ri(6riki«g for Ms dad, ■#ho is a gen- that have Shown fi^ forin this Sea- eyolved hair, which is already rather thin, eral contractor. The toUgh physical son. are Close and/Hurries packfield last year wheri twenty team's fought which, fact led to his being called work required of him kept him iri for the trophy. “^Idy” Jiy his roori^ mates in the due shape all summer, so'.he .had ^"®y' AitKen, and COfail ail line- entering are to preBeta Theta ’Bi house. very little trouble coming, ayounq _ ' . sent a roster of eligible bowlers be-
The biggest game for “The Rock” to playingfform. ^ ^ ^ ^ will be the Ohio State game, be- Baldy is proud of the fact that ^T V t are to be bowled on two alleys, the effort to direct the prac
cause he jWill be playing against he captained Massilpn’s,:Staiie.,Chanij; Frosh^fronT^p^ticL two teams alternating. Scoring
Despite the fact that Nestling, coach Claude Reeck is lending his
hi.s fb;rmer team mates at high pion high school.teriril/ririd,jtjieri capr
school jni-Massilon, and the Buclj- tained the All-Ohio,Team in .1938. iMercollegiate struggles, eyes will be coached by his old high He held down the quarter.back,po-!- am, owever, wi o ^01 qoach, Paul Brown. He has sition for two yeaip,,jii^^^hoql ^:#®^ ^"tr^d tussles later in learned ,a,,valuable lesson from the and then switched .to,full, b^c^ihis. ®..^ason.,iW.
Vandy game, and is all set to go. :, sqnior,:year.,,ife;.ipiaiyqd quaflqr haqk \^Otlts |Ii|rd For Dad , hqre up, ..uritiVilaSt ■qpripgi .riflien he i,.R'9cky spent this past summer chariged to,full back .i^gMn. ,t:;r :?
* urill-outYor sophomore, jun
How to Vlf^in Friends one easy lesion Tieat ybtirself an^^ers to w}ioleloble, ^licidto lt|1||By’s Speb^ni^ Qilii
ibrigii:!
- EDGERTON HARDWARE-PAINT^ FLOOR POLISHERS ahd SANDERS^ipiLlREI^T >hott6,4354 . J^^l^iver iti’iragi'’iifrii
h;>a.. tsai
be done by the participants them- afternoon freshman wrestling gg2.^gg aspirants work out in the room off D.-IJ.'Defends the men’s gymnasium. The compe.ting teams will be di- , Their efforts are not left unguidvided into two brackets, with the. ®^’ however, because veteran wresttop two^teams of each section to lers from^ last; year’s squad are play in the playoffs at the sieason’s pinch-hitting for their coach and. end; Last year Delta Upsilon was doing a good job of it, too. Such first; Delta Tau Delta, second; PM outstanding “^t stars as Joe
iors, andSeriiorS;Will bq,heIdat 7:30 Delta Theta/tM;td; and Betg .Sigma Hlinkp, Casey Fredericks rind Jack ' tonight ,in,.the Wopieri’s (jJyiri- Chal- iPsi,^ fourth; W.h.c., . / Roster are all doing their best to lepge, swimming arid garnet are ' bring order out of chaos until the slated, for the tryouts. The girls Twenty-six Uhiversity of Texas time, that Reeck is able to,retnrn. rifiiq /were in the aquacade last students, all Q feet 3 or taller, have Need More Candidates ^ spring will show some of the ballet, formed cjub, whose only qualifica- .Although the. general callout was |tqehniqueq/a.w. itioiif is heighb, . issued last Monday, the turnout is
far below the figure that‘was predicted and Reeck urgently requests that all freshmen interested in wrestling shotdd make an effort to report.-He further emphasizes that past experience is riot necessary to inake one eligible to go put. for, the team, but what is required is a genuine interest in the sport. As an illustration of this point, four of last year’s major lettermen had no experience before coming, here. Last year there w;as somewhat of a problem in the 121 pound class because pf the fact that only one man, Casey Fredericks, was operating in that division. This year, however, the situation is greatly relieved by the appearance of one Mickey MacDonald, a product of last season’s freshman squad who promises to be, somewhat of a sensation as Frederick’s running mate. ; Coach Reeck, at the present time is in the process of drawing up the schedule for the coming season. As it shapes up now there will probably be about six tilts with eonference foes and three.or four nonconference engagements. It appears tha^t most of the battles wiH fake place right here in the Fieldhouse because tentative arrangements
favor the home tilts.
More Freshmen
1 .Another,..outstanding contender for this year’s hope crusher squad is Bob Smith, a freshman fi|om P.enqelton, Indiana. Bob specializes in the 165-pound class and his dis-^ play of tactics promises to be an asset to this year’s team. Other matmen who are working out daily in the Fieldhouse are, sophomores Don Deer, W. C. Thompson,, Mark Matovina, and' Warren Gregory. One junior is on the roster, hq ia R; J. Gavit. Besides Smith, there is D. R, Nettesheim, who iri also a
freshman.
IN EXfON|NT CLASSIFIED
Buyers, sellers, lost and found gets a good deal when contact is made through the Exponettt’ri Clgrisified Advertising. The Classified Column is a Busy market pldee where d few Woirds
■ ■ . 1?; ' if f V' carry plenty 6f punch. 1 > - Use the Classified Ads! R^ad th#m re^tilarly.f-;
Elmhurst Explains rroblems Of Farming In Besieged England
Parnung conditions in wai time were idesciibed last Wednesday bv Pr and Mis Leonard K Elmhurst to a gathering of moie than 100 University agiicultuial specialists, county extension agents, and faim leaders in the Union The British couple weie invited to the United States by M L Wil son, national diiector of the Agiicultural Extension Seivice, U S Department of Agiicultuie, to give American farm leadeis an authentic view of the problems of Biitish farmers in cariying out their de fense and production piogiam Reed Presides >, Dr Elmhuist was intioduced by dean of agiiculture, H J Reed, who piesided over the meeting Calling attention to the size of New Yoik as compaied with England, Elmhurst said that England had 3,600 thousand head of cows to New York’s 1 250 thousand Hog, poultry, beef cattle and sheep industries in England must give way to the dairy indilstiy Displaced hog and poultry faimeis are working in “tiactoi seivice sta tions ” «• Imports Stopped * The thiee million tons of food stuffs which England impoited be fore the wai has been used Com paied to the “first line of defense,’ the Atlantic, Elmhurst cited the production of food stuffs in Great Britain as hei “second line of de fense ” Civilian life in war time was pictured by Mrs Elmhurst She de sciibed the laige scale destiuction of sections of London, citing one instance of the luin of an aiea of 2,000 acres According to Mis Elm hurst, food and clothing aie ra tioned Each individual is peimit ted two ounces of buttei a week, two ounces of cheese a week, one egg a week, one pound of ham or bacon a week, two ounces of tea a week and five gallons of gasoline a month foi an automobile Christian Foundation Will Ho|d Radio Tryout Tomoiiow evening the Puidue Chiistian Foundation will hold tiy outs foi the radio drama to be pi e seated ovei WBAA Tuesday eve n,ng, Octobei 7 Tiyouts will be held at 131 S Giant St fioiii 8 30 to 9 30 p in This play marks the thud in a series of plays sponsored by the Student Pastors Association A pro gram of this type will be presented about twice a month All members are welcome to tryout for this play and subsequent plays j b w
Stars And Bars— Don’ll Mix ^Em Up
Boilermaker Number One Fan Found In Hospital X-ray Room
,. Simpson-Smith • Two For One Tomorrow one of the greatest and and most welcome things since the reduction of platter puces is hitting the record market It really amounts to another reduction, but it isn’t called that The Victor Company is now offering two (2) twelve-inch red seal records for the puce of one This should really be a boon to you collectors of records who haven’t collected enough cash The system works like this, every week a pan of records will be issued to be sold at two for the price of one The records are standard and have been made possible by an agreement whereby the recording orchestra receives no royalty The managers, or whoever handled this matter for the orchestras, should be congratulated'for this effort to make the appreciation of good music more universal This week the two records are “Emperor Waltz” by Johann Strauss and “Ballet Music” from Faust by Gounod The first of these records is one of Strauss’ best and most dynamic creations This waltz IS recorded by Eugene Ormandy and the Philadelphia Orchestra Those of you who don’t have this record can’t afford to miss this op poitunity, and those of you who do have it must need-another one since the old one is undoubtedly worn out The second record, “Ballet Music” from Faust, should be in every mu sic lover’s collection and heart This music has long been a favorite of those who enjoy the better things in life Arthur Fredler conducts the Boston “Pops” through Gounod’s beautiful composition with all the vibrancy and feeling that have marked his other recordings We feel that we ought to be on the advertising staff after this, but an offer like this one is such a grand chance for all of us to complete our coli^ctions that we just couldn’t let it pass without letting you in on it • Radio Review When Fibber McGee and MolH return to the air tonight, they will be heard over 30 additional NBC
By Ted Clark Strange to relate, Purdue’s number one fan is the nun who is in charge of the X ray room at Lafayette’s St Elizabeth’s Hospital, one Sister Juvenita by name Yesterday we entered that room to see for ourselves the things we had heard about Sister Juveni^a’s imposing collection of athletic trophies We were greeted with, "Hey, red-head, where do you think you’re going’” It took only a moment’s examination into two friendly, smiling brown eyes—not a bit dimmed by strong spectacles and the black of a nun’s head dress—to ascertain that a pleasant interview awaited us Trophies Galore A basketball, a football and a baseball were Suspended from the ceiling, each one signed by Gold and Black team members and coaches In addition there were two voluminous scrapbooks, crowded with clippings from the Journal-Courier and the Exponent One of her prized possessions is a silver loving cup presented to her by the Student Health Service on her silver anniversary, June 28, 1939 Also adorning the spotless walls of the X ray room were Pur due, Jefferson and West Lafayette Red stations which will compose one of the largest commercial networks ever assembled This marks the 6th year this couple has appeared on the wax program Their comment on the 30 station boost “That ain’t funny, McGee,” says Molly “No, and it ain’t hay, Molly,” says McGee Listen to them at 8 30 p m WMAQ - 670 - NBC A call to American women to take up then knitting needles for national defense will be issued at a “Knit for Defense’ tea by Mrs Franklin D Roosevelt in a special broadcast over the Mutual network this afternoon at 5 p m Others on the program will be Ilka Chase, A1 Jolson, and the (Jlamp Upton Band We were evidently mistaken when we thought that all defense possibilities were exhausted WGN 720 MBS Some good CBS programs tonight are “The Arkansas Traveler,” at 6 30 pm, “We, the People ’ at 7, and “Report to the Nation” at 7 30
high school football schedules A picture of the football staff of 1940, all suitably autographed, and a letter from Rear Admiral Byrd, which was sent on his second Antarctica Expedition were tacked up, too Sister JuVentia hopes to see Admiral Byrd when he visrts Lafayette on October 13 Lends Helping Hand She became interested in Boilermaker athletics first when it was her duty to take X rays of injured players When an athlete was confined to the hospital for a time she took it upon herself to provide him with a radio, reading material and anything else that would provide for his comfort until he would be released Sister Juventia also encourages her “boys” to attend church regularly, whether they be Catholics or Protestants “I know their Mothers would appreciate it,” she said simp-
ly
She makes a hobby of taking pictures from her vantage point on the fourth floor of the hospital Then she has them made into slides, depicting beautiful sunsets and the panorama view of Lafayette and West Lafayette that she and the camera observe Many Purdue athletes give her their pictures for her scrap book and often stop by to see her 1 “Whitpy” Johnson, tackle on the 1939 team paid her a visit recently and told her he was married As we were about to leave. Sister Juventia picked up the sports page of the Journal Courier and pointed to the box score of a Phila delphia Athletics game “See, my Felix'” she exclaimed, meaning Felix Mackiewicz, former Riveter baseball and football great, “he’s playing fpr Connie Mack now My Felix IS going to be a wonderful player someday ” We hope you are light. Sister Juventia Exponent (Continued fiopi page 1) (and very few do), BoblParks, man ager of the Puttering! Shop, will conduct a short but complete course on the subject of advertisements in newspapers The classes will be held on Tuesday and Thursday aft ei noons at four o’clock in the Put ter mg Shop until further notice The senior coed business manager chosen will be annohnced this week
The following have listed theit
names:
Juniors. Judy Norton, Julia Martin, Dorothy Sieb, Francis Lloyd, and Anita Worsley. Sophomores: Kay Heitman, Jean Lauer, Emily Caster, and Jan Keim. Prashmen: Judy McCullough, Mary Ritchie, and Elenor Smith. The work is not difficult and little time IS required except in the case of those seeking Junior jobs this year Juniors will be expected to work every night possible during the week from 4 to 6. r.e s
Fdr Kent Half of room for boy Twin bed
Keasonable 616 W Stadium
ItOBt Polaroid glaoses between Electrical Building and Stadium Tinder call Newill,
8446
Lost* Decitrig slide rule in pbysics bldg Call 76183 A Davidson Reward Lost Glasses at pep session Findei call
8444, Wilcox
IM Schedule
ADD CAMPUS TENNIS Tuesday, September 30 COURT 4 Id 1 Eden vs Charlton 2 Cohen vs Dudzinski 8 Robinson vs Rodgers 4 Wells vs Fawcett or Bob Martin 6 E D Martin vs C Clark or J Mitchell ' Sophomore 6 Siener vs K Smith 11 Dynch vs Christensen 12 Gibbons vs Ratchford or Hunter 13 Ferry vs Cochran 14 Wells vs Schneidei Junior-Senior 16 J E Grimes vs J M Venable 16 Collins vs Dange 7 Turner vs Schaaf 18 J S Sells vs T D Diang 19 C N Ross vs A S Goodrich 20 Walsh vs Schalliol 21 Mees vs Kraybill 22 Ross vs G K Black 23 Hutchins vs Metzger 24 Kline vs Tormohlen
t ' fi
Student Senate Meeting Wednesday, Oot.' 1 at 7 30 p m in Senate Camera Club* Any unassigned darkroomi lockers still containing eOuipment by dJ80 p, m Wednesdair, Oot 1, will Be broketf into and cleaned out by the DfliSk^oollO, Oomt
—dT<5»EClj!Bt.
Christian Science Organlaitlon s Regular meeting Tuesday Sept 86, at 7 8p p m in
room 306 bf Union _LocKWobW Tau Beta Pii Short important inee^g
Thursday Oct 2 at 7 80 p .W in the Un*
ion RoOm to be announced Wer
—NOTHMANN
, Co-ed Swimmers Beginning ballet call-
Exponent Sophomores New men are as- Tuesday, Sept 30, at 6 p m in Women a
signed to nights as follows—Eckstein, Mon-
day Wednesday Kimbrell Monday Wed- MONLlTH nesday Shevell Monday Friday, , Monday Thursday Wells Monday W^- Triton Call out for Sophomore Junl6r, nesday Glaspie Monday Friday and Senior 'co eda Tuesday, Sept 80» 7 80
mers Tuesday Thursday Kumlander Tues- p m m women a pool
day Thursday Allemang Tuesday Sat- —KRAEPLIN
urday Glass Wednesday Saturday —RUFFNER PEW Riding Classes Second required ■ lecture for horseback riding students will
Freshmen Engineers Seating assign- be held Tuesday Sept 80, at 7 15 p m in
ments for engineering lectures to be held Memorial Gymnasium
in Fowler Hall are posted near the fiont
entrance on the ground
Notices
-CASE
Golden Shops
A KNAPP
filSI UEtITEMlI
(t SlllU Bif) *2,400
SEC«)I0 IIEUTEMII
(1 Otill Bir)
S1,SDD *2,400 *1,500 *2 ODD That gentlemen with two stais isn’t a captain — he’s a major generaL A captair rates two »ilvet bars The above jnsignaa of rank of commissioned officer.^ la the U S Army are worn on h^ohoulders of the uniform WiKii* indicated is the base pay of each rank, (Chart, courtesy V, Kaltenborn’s Defense Se-
a
and I’ll give you back 15 seconds Says Paul Douglas, well-known radio announcer Somebody whistles a few bars of a catchy tune* Others pick it up. Soon the whole country’s whistling it. Ifs a hiU Somebody lights up a cigarette. Likes it. Passes the word along. Soon the whole country’s smoking it. It’s a hit. Irs Chesterfield. Th e big thing that’s pushing Chesterfield ahead Is the approval of smokers like yourself. Chesterfields are definitely Mtlder, Cooler-Smoktng and Better-Tasting. They’re made of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos Blended just right to give you more smoking pleasure. But even these facts wouldn’t count If smokers didn’t just naturally like them. Once a smoker finds out from Chesterfield What real smoking pleasure is, nothing else will do. Yes, fellow smokers, II ’S YOUR APPROVAL THATS PUSHING CHESTERFIELD AHEAD.
Everywhere you go
Copyright 1941, Licczn & Myess Tobacco Co.
Modem Dance Club Practice Monday. Wednesday and Friday at 4 p m and jues-
WAA Tennis practices every Tuesday day at 7 p m every week —SERBAN
and Friday Tournament scheduled in the
next two weeks Three practices needed Purdue Horticultural Society: Meeting, to participate —STIGBRWADD Wednesday Oct 1, 7 80 pni- in the Hoi-
. ticulitaral Auditorium Election of officers
Registration Workers Students wlreH;vyj.^ember3 please be present —^WODF
worked for Military Dept during regis v
tration may obtain pay checks in Supply Freshman Campers Meeting Saturday Office of Armory —BROWN evening Oct 4 7 SO to 8 80 p m in the
, West Faculty Dounge All campers and
Physical Examiners Students who counselors of the 1938, 1989, and 1941 worked giving physical examinations may gamps who are interested In jpltlnning a get their checks at Student Health Service continuation program welcomb
—MIDDER vivb —GRAVES
Diamond
1 ”
’ SOFTBADD Military
H 1 vs A 3
z A 1 vs B 3
3 B 1 vs C 3 4 C 1 vs D S 6 E 1 vs F 3
7 F 1 vs S 3
8 S 1 vs H 4 9 H 2 vs A 4
10 A 2 va B 4 12 C 2 vs D 4 IS D 2 VB E 4
AI^D CAMPUS GODF Tuesday September 30 Shead vs Shelby Ochiltree vs Bob Smith Kerna va Reniger Graham va Kroft or Johnson I addon or Hudson vs Hoffman or Rob erts Clevett vs Wishe or Poston Kitts vb Hoffer or Amswoith Rich or Proesel vs Coombs or Weglinski Kadota vs Mansfield Knutsen vs Schumaker Koehl vs Sprague Rusher vs Cole or Worl
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mim oograph and multigraph work done C J Ebtrshoff 606 Main
Phone 2779 Lafayette
Wanted Three or four upperclassmen for soliciting on the campus for the Chi cago Daily News Mr Morgan Phone 2287 For Rent Half of apartment foi boys Everything furnished Across from Union
$12 50 Phone 2546
AIChE All sophomore junior and sen ior chemical engineers are invited to a student faculti^ smoker at 7 30 p m Tues day Stpt 30 in west faculty lounge of Union Refreshments —KRAYBILL Sigma Delta Chi Members Fletemeyer says no If you want a key the chapter cun pay only $3 and other $3 must be paid by member Those desiring keys may get them in the aforementioned manner —TRAUGOTT ^ Former Scouts and Scouters Open meet mg ot Alpha Phi Omega scouting seiviqe fiattrnity luesday Soi t 30 at 7 30 p m in Union All those interested are invited
^—SIGLER
Purdue Players Meeting of executive 1 card luesday September 30 at 4 p m in
I owler II ill —WALKER
Varsity Pistol Team An important meet mg lue'^day Sept ^0 Election of manager rof m 106 of the Armory —GRAFBNER WAA Archery contest eveiy evening at 4 Instruction will be t ven on lucbdays
and I ndnys
—JOHNSON Alpha Phi Omega Actives brint. names of prospective pledges to meeting Tuesday September 30 at 8 30 p m in loom 302
of the Union —SIGLER
Former Scouts and Scouters Open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega Scouting service Iratcrnity Tuesday Sept 30 at 8 30 p m in room 302 of Union All those interested
are invited —SIGLER
All New Glee Club and Orchestra Men Contact music office immediately —5TEWART
AWS Executive Board day Oct 1 at 7 30 p
office
Meeting Wednes m m the AWS
—McCULLOCH Student Senate Interviews for Junior representatives will ge held between 4 and 4 45 p m Tuesday Sept 30 in the Senate office Senior board please attend
—DIBOS
AIEE First Meeting Wednesday, October 1 7 30 pm in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building Proffessor Hockema will speak —BOBBINS Gimlet Pledges and actives are invited to a party Wednesday, October 1 from 7 30 to 10 30 pm —TAFED Ail Girls Going Through Rush Compulsory meeting Friday October 8 Faculty Dounge of Union —ADKINS F A O Sophomore Workers Please see work schedule in office for number and work schedule -PFENNINGER Student Union Workers There will be a worktis tea dance in the East Faculty Dounte Tuesday Sept 30 at 4 p m Pl^se be there U P s welcome —DEUSTER Newman Club Topics for stason discussion stssibn will be idetermirted at two meet int,s one at 7 30 b m Tuesday Sept 30 in room 302 ot Union the other at 7 30 p m Wednesday Oct 1 in room 307 of the Union All members are asked to attend one which is most convenient —RUNNION Trackmen All men interested in track please report Wednesday October 1 at the stadium —ADDEN Flying Club Open Meeting Wednesday October 1 in room 263 of the Union at 7 30 p m Anyone interested in joining the Hying Club please attend Old members please be present —HABICHT Dolphin Meeting Tuesday at 7 30 p m in room 104 of the Field House Everyone be there —HERR Pi Tau Sigma Election of pledges Wednesday October 1 at 4 p m in reading room—M E Building Important that all actives be present —GREGORY P C P Tryouts for Radio Drama will be held at 131 S Grant Wednesday October 1 from 8 30 to 9 30 p m —BUSBY Chi Epsilon Meeting Wednesday October 1 at 7 30 in Boom 803 of the Union
—FANT
WAA Speedball No practice Tuesday September 39 Practice Thursday October 2 4pm on the field —GADBRAITH
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
By Drew Pearson
and
Robert S* ''Allen
Jr OR a clear and true picture 6f the course of national affairs, look to The Washington Merry-Go-Round. You’ll find in this column of report and interpretation and character-sketch, the salient and simply put and untwisted facts you wapt to know. You’ll find out the who’s who hack of the ballyhoo, the mterests underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. And you’ll find The Washington Meity-Go-Round Daily ini the
PURDUE EXPOrai Subscription Rates $3,30per Year—$2,00per Semester
4ii>