^ ^ I
*" f ^ ^ -r^fy
Hi J Purdue
Z>1ts
Exponent
Volume 51. No. 132
Tueaday, Mardk 12. 1940
Fraternity Week Begins
\
With Meeting Tomorrow Pledges Will Meet InJJnion Ballroom To Hear Catterall, Hockema, Young Fraternity week, a period of education for Greek letter pledges, will begin with a mass meeting tomorrow night at 7 p. m. in the north ballroom of the Union. This will be the first of three educational meetings, the second and third taking place
Thursday and Friday.
Selected speakers will talk to the pledges on these three nights, telling them what is expected of them and what they may expect of the University. Fraternity week will come to a close with the initiation banquet Sunday night. Included on tomorrow night’s pro- ^
Floriculture Students
Win Honors In Show
^am will be Bill Catterall, Pi Kappa Phi, president of the fraternity presidents council; Professor F. C.^ Hockema, assistant to the president; and G. A. Young, head of the ME school. “The Purpose of Fraternity Week,” “Relations between F’ratemities and the University,” and “Traditions and History of Fra-
ternities” will be discussed.
Thtarsday Night
Thmrsday night R. B. Stewart, controller, will speak on “What the University Expects from the Fraternities,” Charles McCabe, Lafayette lawyer, will give a general view on the duties of fraternity men in civil life. The final mass meeting, planned Friday night, will feature President Elliott as speaker. Terminating the festivities Sunday night at the banquet will be G. H. Smith, de^n of men at DePauw University, who will speak on “A
Badge of Stature.”
Hanley Contest Open Until Starting Time Tomorrow At Four Deadline for entries and starting time of this year’s Hanley Speech Contest preliminaries are simultan-eous—-4 p. m. tomorrow in University Hall, room 301. All engineering students are eligible this year, whereas the former policy excluded freshmen. Finals will be held in Fowler HaU, Thursday, March 21. The contest, sponsored by William llanley, ME ’ll, supervising engineer of Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, is conducted for the purpose of giving engineers experience in practical business economics and public speaking. Practicability and common sense in business will be considered by the judges. Said judges will consist of two representatives of the speech department, one from an engineering school, and one from the economics depart-
ment.
ASME Speaker To Discuss 'Atmosphere Pollution' At Dinner In Terre Haute Faculty and student members of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will attend a dinner at Terre Haute Friday to hear Robert H. Kuss speak on “Municipal "Control of Atmospheric Pollution.” Kuss is a graduate of Illinois l^niversity and has wide experience in combustion engineering. He favors the use of local coal rather than fuels of prohibitive cost and contends that the solution of the problem of air pollution does not lie in the writing of laws, or the organization of smoke abatement associations, but in the proper building of fires. il^riends of the ASME are invited to attend, as the meeting will be open to the public.
To University 'Firsts' Seven Univer-sity floriculture students defeated fourteen Illinois students in the college section of the Greater Sti Louis Flower and Garden Show which was judged last Saturday. The Purdue floriculturists scored 70 pints, winning 26 ribbons, including eight firsts, six seconds, and 12 thirds, against Illinois’ 66 points. The flower show queen presented a beautiful silver loving cup to Prof. E. R. Honeywell of Purdue in behalf of the Flower Show Association. The Purdue students who exhibited the prize winning flowers are: Henry R. Resner, Indianapolis, junior in floriculture; Warren Vaughn, Western Springs, 111.; junior in floriculture; Caroline Britton, Dayton, 0., junior in floriculture; George Wolf, West Lafayette, junior in floriculture; Frank Dreisbach, Lyndon, Ky., junior in floriculture; E. H. Applegate, senior in floriculture, Yorktown; and M. E. Overbeck, Huntingburg, senior in floriculture. 'Typical' Soph Couple To Reign At Cotiliion Plans to select the typical sophomore couple to reign at the Cotillion Friday night, are now being carried out by members of Skull and Crescent, sophomore athletic booster honorary. The Gold Potters are making a canvass of the student body to determine who the couple will be. Immediately after the grand march Friday night the couple will be presented to dancers in the ballroom along with a guest couple from the University of Michigan.
President
. . . and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott will entertain members of the student musical organizations at a reception at the Elliott home on Sunday afternoon, March 17, from 4 to 6 o’clock.
A few tickets for the sophomore cotillion will be sold to sophomores only in the main hall of the Union at 4 p. m. today, according to W. S. Fletemeyer, assistant auditor of student organizations. At a banquet preceding the dance, members and their dates ■will see President E. C. Elliott and Dean M. L. Fisher made honorary members of the organization. Co-ed Group Will Begin New Physics Study Plan Thirty Experimental Science students will begin a new plan of study in their physics course under the direction of Dr. J. K. Knipp, of the physics department. During the first three weeks following spring vacation, the class will be divided into three groups of ten girls each. Instead of having three class meetings a week, the girls will spend two of tTie three sessions in doing outside reading and research on subjects which have not yet been
selected.
Once a week the small groups will convene in a seminar to discuss the reading matter and learn about more recent discoveries in the field of physics.
Union Desk Hears Voice Of Greeley, Migrates Westward “Go West, young man, go West,” suggested Horace Greeley, and apparently the west desk of the Union took the matter seriously. Anyway, when we walked into the Union yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock there was the west desk and all its accessories slowly migrating westward down the hall. An investigation brought out the fact that the desk was being permanently moved to the new west entrance of the Union. The space for which it formerly occupied will be used partly as a storage space for janitor’s supplies and the rest will be made into a ticket booth for the use of various organizations. Picture Digest Announces Spring Contest Deadline April 1 has been announced as the deadline for entries in the collegiate photo competition sponsored annually by Collegiate Digest. Winning pictures will be published in a special spring “Salon Edition” of the digest. Prizes are awarded in the following divisions: still life, scenes, candid, portraits, and college life. The competition is open to any student or faculty amateur photographer. No entry fee is required and a person may send in as many pictures as he chooses. President Elliott To Speak At 7:30 Tonight In Union “Long Reading for Long Thinking” will be President E. C. Elliott’s subject as he addresses students tonight at 7:30 in room 363 of the Union. The program is being held in conjunction with browsing room activities.
Student-Faculty Committee Selects May Queen Court
Youthful Violinist Will Play Thursday And Friday Nights Robert Virovai, 18-year-old Hungarian violinist, will play here Thursday and Friday nights of this week at 8 o’clock for the regular convocation. Virovai was bom in Jugoslavia, and became the last pupil of the famed Jeno Hubay, of Budapest. He won the International Contest for Violinists, in Vienna, in 1937. In November, 1938, Robert Virovai, then just 17, made his first appearance in the United States as soloist with the New York Philharmonic Symphony orchestra in Carnegie Hall. He immediately won wide acclaim with his brilliant and spectacular playing. Now On Concert Tour Virovai is now on a concert tour of nearly 60 cities, and has had a return engagement with the New York Philharmonic orchestra. The young violinist spent last summer in preparing his program for the coming season, allowing himself a month’s vacation in Nantucket. Sophomores, juniors, townspeople, and staff holding red tickets will be admitted Thursday night. Freshmen, seniors, and staff holding buff tickets will be admitted Friday night. Tickets may be exchanged at Professor J. T. Gunn’s office, 213 Purdue Hall tomorrow from 8 to 11 o’clock, and Tuesday and Thursday from 1 to 4; and at Miss Stover’s office, 106 Recitation Building at any time during office hours.
Seniors ElectQueen From Nine' Candidates Tomorrow In Union As a reminder of the approaching spring and its ensuing festivities, an anonymous, but ofiicial, student-faculty committee last night selected nine senior women as members of the 1940 ^y Day Court. Chosen on the basis of beauty, personality, and individuality, the following co-eds constitute the 1940 court: Treva Berry, Ellen Kepner, Peg Little, Alice Martens, Mary Petticrew, Caroline Scott, Louise Schickler, Ann Sickman, and
Margaret Stocker.
As a departure from the former method, in which the queen was chosen directly by a student-faculty committee, this year the seniors will select their own' queen. The election to determine this year’s queen will be staged in the Union lobtur, tomorrow, and any of the above co-eds will be eligible candidates for the position. Said election, which by the way is in (ffiarge of a special WSGA May Day committee, will be open to all senior eds and co-eds uptm presentation of their passports. Polls Open From 10 To 5 Polls will remain open from ten in the morning until five in the afternoon; however, the name of the winner, that is, alias the queen, will be kept a secret until May Day. The afore-mentioned radical departure from the formm: method, which was really nothing more than the old theme of taxation without representation, is truly a milestone in the history of this gala event. Never before in recent years have the seniors had the opportunity to choose THEIR OWN queen.
Are They Interested?
A member of the WSGA May Day committee expressed the attitude of her co-workers last night when she said it was hoped that all seniors would take advantage of tibe election, their first opportunity to se-
lect their queen.
Co-ed Debate Squad Host To Michigan U. Tonight in Fowler Hall Tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall the affirmative co-ed debate team will meet a negative team from the University of Michigan to discuss the renewal of the Federal Housing Administration program. This will be one of the regular series of Western Conference intercollegiate debates. Peggy Howard and Prances Estep will present the affirmative side of the question, while two Michigan debaters, Janet Grace and Barbara Newton will uphold the negative is-
sues. "
Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women will preside as the chairman of the debate. The judging will be handled by Professor Emo:^y Glander, director of debate
at Ohio 4State University.
On Thursday, the co-ed negative team will debate at the University of Wisconsin. The same proposition being used in the debate tonight will be used in Thursday’s discussion.
State Druggists Register Today For lOth Conference
Between 360 and 460 druggists from all parts of the state are expected to register this morning for the 10th annual two-day druggists’ business conference. The conference is sponsored under the auspices of the extension department of the pharmacy school. Lectures and discussions will be held throughout the two days of the conference. Topics to be discussed include Indiana’s new marriage law; regulation for foods, drugs and cosmetics and the recent labeling act; and the growing of plants without soil. Speakers to be heard are Dr. Verne K. Harvey, secretary of the Indiana State Board of ^ealth;
Harding To Preside At Power Meeting Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, will be chairman of a section meeting of the annual Midwest Power Conference at the Palmer House in Chicago April 9 and 10. Dr. Harding, who is representing the University, will preside over a discussion on “Electrical Transmission.” Purdue has co-operated in planning the program for the conference since it was held here several years ago. Other colleges and universities co-operating in the program on power production, transmission, or consumption are Iowa State College, Michigan State College, University of Iowa, University of Illinois, University of Michigan, and the University of Wisconsin.
Charles Wesley Dunn, a New York attorney; and Dean C. B. Jordan of the pharmacy school. President E. C. Elliott and Dr. Fi’ederic B. Knight, director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, will be the speakers at the annual banquet to be held this evening at 6:30 in the south ballroom of the Union. Joann Geer Passes CAA Flight Test; Adds To University Firsts Joann Geer, Lowell, junior science student, was among the five students who successfully passed their CAA flight test yesterday. According to local officials. Miss Geer is the first co-ed in the country to pass the flight test, giving the University another “first” in the CAA program. Last year local students were the first to take to the air and the first to qualify for private pilot certificates, while Miss Geer and Janette Morris, of West Lafayette, were the first co-eds in the country to start flight training this year. —. Other Qualifiers Among the other students who passed their flight test yesterday was Fred Montague, Noblesville, senior mechanical and stellar quarterback of last fall’s Boilermaker football squad. The other qualifiers were J. N. Hall, senior mechanical, Martin, Tenn.; A. L. Hilpert, sophomore mechanical, Stanford, Ill.j and R. A. Pink, senior mechanical from Auburn.
Puzzles Chi Os Hurray! Scrambled duck eggs for breakfast ? That was the cry at the Chi Omega house the morning after the Penny Carnival. The Chi Os had three live ducks in their booth at the Penny Carnival, and after the carnival the three little ducks were put to bed in the basement of the Chi O house. Next morning, lo and behold what should the Chi Os find but the three little ducks proudly surrounding one duck egg. Great was the excitement as the sisters rushed down the basement to gaze upon the gift of God. The egg now reposes in state in the Chi Omega chapter house icebox, but the question in the minds of the Chi Os is “which duck is the mamma?” N. C. Brown To Speak At Forestry Banquet Prof. Nelson C. Brown, of the New York State College of Forestry at Syracuse University, will be the speaker at the 11th annual Forestry Club banquet for members and friends, 6 o’clock tonight in the north ballroom of the Union building. His subject will be “The Role of Wood in Modern Warfare,” a topic of current interest. The lecture at 8 o’clock will be open to the general public. At 8 o’clock this morning, he will speak before all forestry sophomores, juniors, and seniors on “Community Forests” in the auditorium of the horticulture building. Brown will give a vocational talk to forestry freshmen at 8 o’clock tomorrow morning and at 10 o’clock he will speak to the seniors on Utilization of forest products. Tomorrow afternoon will be devoted to student conferences, and at 7:30 tomorrow night he will address the agricultural faculty at an open meeting in the faculty lounge of the
Union.
Tournamenf Begins April 10 Annual bridge championship tournament, sponsored by the Student Union, will start on April 10. The contest will be played in five weekly sessions by teams of four players. Any four individuals may enter a team in the tournament and an organization may enter more than one team. Members of the team need not necessarily be afSliated with the organization enter-
ing the team.
The tournament will be under the direction of Jidius L. Bom, who has planned and directed the tournaments for the past two years. Those intending to enter a team in the contest must fill out an application at the west desk of the Union not later than Wednesday, March 20. WSGA Executive Eledlons Scheduled For March 20 Elections to positions on the WSGA executive board will be held in the great hall of the Union from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. on Wednesday, March 20. All co-eds bringing passports are eligible to vote. The candidates for office are as follows: for president, Jane Black, Joyce Burnham, and Paula Zwierlein; secretary, Marijean Hutchison and Agnes McCrffioch; treasurer, June Close and Mary EUqn Scarff; junior representative, Mary Jane Bird and Mary Ann Carpenter; sophomore representative, Florence Croll and Helen Schickler.
Students, Faculty Under the direction of the Purdue Religious Council, Holy Week Service will he heM in Elian Fowler* HnU each day, Mcmday to Friday indusive, March 1822, during the noon hour, ISrMI to 12:50 p. m. Edward C. ElUott, President.PtJR^UE EXPONENT
I’iie^ay. McnrclL 12, 1940'
W'
■ r V'.'
According to the general consensus of opinion by those who know absoltitely nothing about it, spring is upon *as . . . this statement will rematin unconfirmed imtil we receive a report that Happy Hollow is once again congested. —B&B— Picnic Parties ... ow» again are showing their resPits ... this time the result was the final weakening and ultimate downfall of none other than the Gimlet Prexy, Hank’ Frazee. The result Hank’s weakening was to cause his '^igma Hu pin to repose on Tht McQueen, Kappa glamour girl... getting desperate. Hank? —& B—^ • At tins point we must digress long enough to inform our gossip hunters that Paul Liebrecht, Lambda Chi footballer, is spending most of his leisure moments in the company of Marge Baldwin , . . spring is coming. —B & B— Wbai steong agency is keeping Wilma Bear on the campus? If her j^n Baker has such a magnetic pe:^nality, the B&B is offering TWO DOUBliB MARS Bashes for a 25 word rendition of “Me and My Success” ... this CONTRIB is not limited to Baker. —B & B— What Am I?. ... I will take dates, I will accept flowers and candy, I will go for walks (thoi cars are preferred) and sometimes I will let you kiss me goodnight, but I don’t want a pin. My name is Sue Condit. —B & B— Editor’s note: We printed the COHTRiB, Sue, but we reserve the right to answer the quretion, too. You are a Purdue co-ed. To be more specific, we shall add that you are a mixture or confused mass of different ingredients. —B&B— Dear Ed, Would you please tell me if the Chi Omega house has a bum room? I have had a number of dates in said house but have never been invited to see their bum room if such a thing exists. Questionally,' Looby. —B & B— Dear Looby, It is not our policy to disclose chapter secrets, but we will make an exception this once. If you won’t quote us, we will refer you to Bill Gobeille of the Terry house. ’Tis rumored that he spends lots of time there.
R. H. EwdI
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY SHOULD HUI
—AMD—
lOURAIO ^ SBHSET 1
WITH MARY KAY Hello! Fellow students. I am here to help you with your shoppiiig P’i’oibieims. IF you liiBied advice on what is new fot spring, what will fit you and your checking account, just keep your eyes on this column. All you eds ^6 have a hard time deciding the exact thing to give that current heart-throb and where to buy it Vratch each week's issue and I will do my best to help you find the right thing.
Let's shake the snow from our feet and the frost frorh our eyes and see what spring has in store for us. Come along with me and pe^p into the local shops and see the latest wearables fresh from the fashion experts of the world. -—a— Did you say pep up your wardrobe, sea shells? Say what are you talkihg about? Yes, that is it sea shells,! wo(ods^ leathers,] plastics, and pearls] in eveiy new spring I hue. What am Ij talking about? Why^ haven't you heard newest thing in costume Jewelry at Deckers? They have all the latest spring creations in any color and type you desire. One gorgous thing I saw was brown wood and leather combined in
a necklace and bracelet set, which would look heayenly on that new pSie ipink sh^r of yotirs. Deckers have the jewelry to fit yodr every costume and mood. —. ■ They're off, the spring race of colors. Gray and navy are running neck and neck (with the bets evenly matched). Everything is goinp smooth, but wait here comes the dark horse, you guessed it BROWN. Gray is being shown with, red as the predominent color while navy will take pink, red. White, light blue, and golden yellow. Brown looks heavenly with beige, rust, pink or light blue. . ■'—-•— ' With the spring come the Huaraches, the sandels that make Mexico famous.. A few pairs have been seen on campus
this season. They were here last year and are expected to be back stronger than ever this year. They can be had in natural or white. Watch for thorp in the local shops. ■ — This spring the “covered up" evening gown will be much in evidence. The narrower silhouette is being featui^ in crepes, jerseys, both silk and rayon, and sOme cottons. Flowered materials and prints, especially Indian prints, are offering plenty pf compefltlbn With the plain colors. White will always be good because many co-eds, likb to have that angelic look. White will alipear in the form bf nets, chiffons, piques, taffetas, or.gandies and many other fabrics. See you in the shops.
Davis Announces Date Alpha Lambda Delta
... of the Chemistry department was elected second vice-president of the Society of Rheology at the society’s annual meeting held recently in Washington, D. C. Rheology is the science of the flow of matter. Professor Ewell has received considerable recognition in this field for his studies of viscosity in the field of flow in liquids and glasses:
Plans are being coippleted for the 19th annual North Central States Entomologists conference, which will meet on the University campus March 21 and 22, according to Professor J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, who »is in general charge of the affair. The conference is expected to attract over 300 entomologists, and will include discussions of topics requested by leaders in the field. There will be a half day sectional meeting in which prominent commercial operators will participate. The president and several past presidents of the National Pest Control Association will attend this meeting. Davis also announced that the Central States Plant Board will meet on the campus March 20 for a conference on the present status of grasshopper research. All meetings will be held in the Union. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Bruce Adams, Morris, 111.; James Doyle, Sheridan; Stanley Munger, Port Wayne; and Thomas Simon, Tulsa, Okla. Name department: The Rev. Ambrose J. Burke is the new president of St. Ambrose College.
. . . freshmen women’s scholastic honorary, will hold their monthly meeting in the Music room of the Union tonight at 7:30. Michael Popovits, ME ’41, will present a piano program as entertainment for the meeting.
4-H Party t All conitnittee chairman -meet In 4-H blfice Wedhesday, March 13, at 4:16 p. m. Get report of ticket sales of your committee members. —DE LA CROIX.
Glider Club: Open meeting, Thursday, March 14, room 304 in the Union at 7:16 p. m. —MILLER.
Tuesday Corps Day: Meet in FieldhOuse at _ 11 a. m. Tuesday. No uniforms required. Assemble behind battery guidons. —M. T. i DEPT.
WSGA Executive Board meeting Wednesday night, March 13, at 7:46 p. m. —sicKmAn.
Notices
No noticM win bo aeccptod aftor S p* di, SCA Board: Meeting time changed to 7 p. m. Tuesday, March 12, room 302 in the Union. —BROWN. Religions Council: Meeting 7 p. m. Wednesday, March 13, in room 302 in the Union. —SWOPE.
Skull and Crescent: Bring tickets and money to meeting in Reception room of Union, Tuesday, March 12, at 12:30 p. m. Be there. —BELLES.
PIA Dance Class: Regular meeting Wednesday, March 13, at 7 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. —LUTZ.
Hanley Speech Contest: Preliminaries of Hanley Speech Contest will be held in room 301, University Hall, at 4 p. m., Wednesday, March 13. Deadline for entries is 4 p. m. Wednesday. —HULTGREN.
Mortar Board: Meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 5:30 p. m. in the Chestnut room of the Union. —SAUER.
WAA Basketball: Schedule of games are as follows: Tuesday, March 12, at 4 p. m., juniors vs. freshmen; at 6 p. m., seniors vs. sophomores.. Wednesday, March 13, at 4 p. m., sophomores vs. freshmen: at 6 p. m., seniors vs. juniors. , ! • . —BRITTCfN.
Kappa Delta Pi : Regular meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 7 p. m. in room 804 of the Union; Report on national convention. Important business meeting. Attendance , compulsory, —BRODY.
Purdne Student Alliance: Room 806 in the Union has been engaged for meetings every Tuesday at 8 p. m. (3-16) —SMULEVITZ.
Pi Tan Sigma: An important meeting vyill be held at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 13, in the reading room of the Mechanical Engineering building. —EIRLING.
M.E. Students: Applications for membership in ASME must be made by Friday, March 16. This is senior’s last chance to take advantage of $10 saving upon transfer to junior membership after graduation. —BRYAN.
Plying Club: Business meeting promptly at 7 p. m., Wednesday, March 13, in room 108 of the mechanical engineering building. At 8 p. m. the meeting will be opened to all for the showing of some United Air Lines moving pictures. —KIMBALL.
Gold Peppers: Meeting of the actives Tuesday, March 12, at 4:46 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. Pledges will attend the meeting at 6:16 p. m. Every pledge is expected unless excused. —MITCHELL.
Newman Club: Discussion Group 1 will meet in room 232 of the Union on Wednesday, March 13, at 7 p. m. Group II will meet in room 236 On March 14 at 7:16. Group in will meet Thursday, March 14, at 7:30 in room 261. All Catholic students are invited to attend any of these meetings. —GARTY.
CE 6 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 101 of the civil building Tuesday, March 12, from 4 to 7 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m. at Poultry building. Mr. E. W. Anderson of the poultry department will speak. Egg show plans will be discussed. Refreshments. —SEARCY. /
Fratertiity Presidents: Please let me know by Tuesday, March 12, the nUmber of tickets you want for Sunday’s banquet. —DEMARS.
9 99
Beat The Price Rise By Being On Your Toes
1940 Debris price changes from $4.50 to $5.00 on March 20.
im
0ebjuA.
(^omptsdsL C^impJLSL, CovahaqsL
mo
By Udify
■ WT'
“WHy yoiii jp^mble Rteut your income tax like other meii ■—everybody thirds I’m inamed to a patij^!”
mR si Conditions: Sixiuninaiioh’ will be held in room 301 of the ME building on toturday, April 6 at I p. m. All who intend to take tiiis make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28. —MESSER8MITH. C E 41: An examination for the remo'^Al of **C” grades will bo held in room 126, HeayUon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permimion to take the examination must be obtained from the undorsigmed prior to March 18. —GRBVJB. BI E 61 OOndStionals: Examination for the removal of eondltions in HJB!. 61 will be held April 6. at 1 p. m. la room Ml of the mechanical engineeriiMr building. AH' interested parties should liotify the und:^ signed on or before March 28 at noon. —MESSBRSMrm.
WAA Badminton: Sigm up on bulletin board in gnms for singles toarniuneiit by Wednesday, March 13. , . —SCHRODER.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in' old Agriculturist office Wednesday night, March 13, at 7 o’clock. —HITCHCOCK.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 12:80 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Be there. ; —BBLLpS.
Freshmen and Sophomore Military Students: Sigm up immediately in the supp^ room of the armory for Scabbard and Blade best soldier contest. Medals, citations, and merits will be awarded. Further details will be posted on armory bulletin board. —SCHRADER. M B 80: a' make-up final for men receiving "C” grades in my divisions of M E 30 last term will be given Saturday, March il6 at 1 p. nou in M E 113. —COPE.
Modem Dance: 'The following g:irls are eligible for dance dob and must appear for xdiear^ Tuesday, March 12, at 7:16 in the women’s gym: Jane Anderson, Beth Amoss,, AIKson Brode, Florence Ooll, Dorothy Mckson, Georgialou Fleager, Margie Hans, Marguerite Harpster, Phyllis Hy^e, Martha Hicks, Jean Jones, Jean Lucas, Myra Meese, Mary K. Miller, Olive Mets. ger, Margarrt Oliphant, Ellen Suttner, Hilda Stors, Bonnie Swope, Marjorie Thomas, Lucille Werner, Esther Weed, Nelda Wood, Anita Worsley, Catherine Zechial. The girls entering this semester should also be present at this rehearsal. —KNIGHT.
University Orchestra: J^hearsala wHb the choir for members of the orchestra for VSeven Last Words” are scbednled. as follows : Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00. Thurs^y night, March 14, at 7 :16, Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2 KH). Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
Christian Science Organiution: Regular meeting will he held Tuesday, Mansh 12, in Room 303 of Union at 7:30 p. m, —KNIPP.
Classified
FOR SALE FOR SALE—TjTiewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Eb,ersheif, 606 Main street.
Eta Kappa Nu: Smoker Tuesday, March 18, at 7 S80 p. m. in room 885 of Union. —KEEN.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service; Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Varsity Show: Tryouts for orchestra to be held at Fowler Hall Wednesday, March 13, at 4:06 p. m. -»-SMULEVITZ.
with ^ ALICE FAYE I FRED MacMDRRAY RICHARD GREENE BRENDA JOYCE t ANDY DEVINE
TODAY - WED.
MABt
Maill
NOW SHOWING SCREENED AT LAST.. .THE BOOK THAT HAS THRILLED THE WORLDFOR100 YEARS! Ajl^Gene: Towne presents |
•ALSO—■ 'INFORMATIOK PLEASE'
LUNA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
mm^ G HHSArKM RAY , tOtlkT MlUAND ■ CUMMINGS PLUS—2ND FEATURE
wTuci^oy. Mdlrdh 12/ |940
SpohiL. fi/aqsL
Athletic Carnival Will Be Held Tomorrow In Fieldhouse
Riveters To "Cut Lo se' In Pun Frolic
Track, Boxing, Wrestling, Weight Lifting Events Are Announced By Diredor Clevett
By Ed Katzenberg
Athletic Carnival is once more upon us, and tomorrow night at 7 o’clock Boilermaker attention will swing up to the Fieldhouse, where the annual funfest, interspersed with battles for athletic supremacy in a host of sports, will be holding sway. Sidesplitting comedy acts and clown events will be featured, with boxing matches and the relay races being highlighted on the athletic end of the program. Two hundred medals and 30 ift- '
Boilermaker Bowmen
\
^Prime For State Meet Using the archery range iji the sub-basement of the fieldhouse as their winter headquarters, tke newly formed !Purdue archery club is now in practice for the fast ap‘proaidupg telegraphic Big Ten indoor archery competition. The t^am to rbpYOgdht Purdue Will bo "picked mainly from members of the clui^ whose membership is limited to those who can prove their proficiency in the sport. In addition to the chance to participate in Big Ten meehs, 'the members of the club are to be awarded keys.
Date Set
April 13 has been set as the date for the State Indoor Archery Tournament which is to be held in the fieldhouse here at Purdue. This meet, an annual event, attracts as many as 160 archers from all over
Squash Squad Wins In Final Of Season
' Boilermaker squash team wrote finis to/a successful caihpaign Saturday night with a one-sided victory over Michigan at Ann 4^bor, by virtue of a 5 to 0 shutout, lEarlier in the week-end trip on Friday evening they fell victims to the outstanding Detroit Y M C A racquetwielders, 4 to 1 with Munro taking the lone match for the Gold and
Black.
The following menibers competed in both matches and have/been the mainstays throughout the season: Eberhard, Morely, Blessing, Mann, and Muiuro. Coach Clevett annoimced that the above men will represent Purdue in the Western Collegiate tournament Which will be held this week.
the state for both individual and team coihpetition.
Headquarters For Better Sight Dr. C. E. Surratt OPTOMETRIST
522 Main Street
Phone 4781
Jo OilfL QlumnL! who are scattered JhsL WffdcL OvjUl
JhsL lArnmc Qbib holds open arms to happy reunions. It is i die place where one is most opt to see a familiar face, a welcoxhing smile. JhL fiWvduSL TnmufdcxL lAnimL The Comer of the Campue^ Yet the Center of Activities
Boxing Eliminations For Annual Athletic Carnival Completed Yesterday afternoon, in the field-’ house gym, boxing instructor Joe Benna, conducted the eliminations for the boxing show that wiU be included in the athletic carnival. The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity’s representation won three bouts to take high scoring for the eliminations. I The Delta Tau Delta team, although not winning the highest points for placing men in the finals, turned out the largest group for the tourney, and also placed two men in tbe finals that will be conducted Wednesday night in the fieldhouse during the carnival.
Axton Pushed Hard
Probably the most viciously contested fracas of the eliminations was the bout between Ted Axton, Beta Theta Pi, and Lyle Osborne, Delta Tau Delta, that saw Axton winning after three fiuious rounds
of slugging.
Another good bout was the Bob Bonnett, Delta Tau Delta, hnd Mel Halleb, Cary Hall, fight. Both boys were heavyweights and evenly matched, but Halleb’s ring experience from the recent Golden Gloves proved to be the telling margin. The decision was very close, Halleb Winning after coming back to grab the third round by a shade.
One E. O.
The only knockout of the affair was by former Golden Glove champ, Allan Dilts, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, over Mickey Nau, Phi Kappa, in the ifiO pound class. The KO came in the third round when Nau charged Dilts and aided Dilt’s short punch by putting his chin directly in front of the SAE boxer’s right Experience, Poooph Many Purdue Golden Glovers were forced to the limit to win their bouts as was John Pyle, one of the best 126 pounders seen in Lafayette this season. He won a close decision over Hewlett, of SAE, after three rounds of close bouting, of which Hewlett won one. The real surprise of the tourney was the exhibition of novice fight-
Dr.W.BadmiamiToSpeak At ACbSMardi Meeting Prof. Russell J. Greenly Dr. W, E. Bachmann will speak on the s3mthesis of sex hormones at the March meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society. The meeting will be held Thursday, in ro®m 106 of the chemistry building at 4 p. m. Bachmaim is associate professor of chemistry at the University of Michigan, whefe l^e was educated^ He was a Rockefeller Foundation fellow at Zurick in 1928 and won the Henry Russell award in 1933. His talk will cover the discovery of the sex hormones, their chemical structures and properties, and the work done in finding their S3m-
ing skill shown by Don Daly, in the 160 pound class in his win over Spoerey, of Delta Tau Delta. Daly is a real slugger and with a bit of instruction could develop into a fair middleweight. The summaries: 147 pound class—Joe Faber, unattached, defeated Oakstein, unattached, in a decision. 126 pound class—^Wright, Delta Tau Delta, defeated Kincade, Cary Hall, in a decision. 147 pound class: Renter, Kappa Delta Rho, defeated Hiackman, Cary Hall, in a decision. Heavyweight: Mel Halleb, Cary Hall, defeated Bob Bonnett, Delta Tau Delta, in a decision. 176 pound class: Ted Axton, Beta Theta Pi, defeated Lyle Osborne, Delta Tau Delta, in a decision. 160 pound class: Allan Dilts, KOed Mickey Nau, Phi Kappa, in the first. 160 pound class: Don Daly defeated Spoerer, Delta Tau Delta. Heavyweight: Dick Dilts, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, defeated Archie Steele, Kappa Delta Rho, in a decision.
NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THESE SPECIAL FEATURES ^ One of the grandest buys we've ever had for you. Costly old-fashioned tannage nr\^kes heavy-weight leather mellow and pliable. Hand staining (antiquing) high-lights the beauty of Freeman craftsrhanship. Notice the handsome "spade" trim.
A. B. C. Shoe Co.^ Inc. 406 MAIN STREET
dividual trophies are to be awarded in the course of tomorrow night’s spectacle, with many fraternities and wards, as w^ll as individuals, being selected as the lucky ones to add “one more” to their trophy shelves. ' Leather Pushers Nine boxing bouts in nine separate weight divisions, will be fought out in a ring rigged up out on the fieldhouse floor, and the winning man in each class is slated to receive a cup. In addition to awards in the regular events, a special prize, termed the ^‘Best Boxer Award” is to he given to the fighter who, in the opinion of the judges, shows the most courage, spirit, and aggressiveness. Last year’s winner was Steve Bacharach. Wrestling, too, is to play an important part in the evening’s entertainment. Nine grunt and groan sessions are to be scheduled, again in separated weight divisions. Track Battles A new record was set last year in the fraternity relays by thinlies from Sigma Alpha Mu, and this year, the event promises to be one of the highspots of the evening. The event is expected to be hotly contested, again in this year’s competition. Ward Relays, too, are always hard-fought, with Cary Hall 7 taking blue ribbons in last year’s competition. Varsity track'’ men are to be allowed to compete in the mile and quarter-mile events, and Eddie Holderman, Boilermaker flash, will probably be defending his crown of last year, won in the mile race. Allen Shackleton, captain of Purdue’s thinlie aggregate, will probably also defend his championship, won last year in the quarter mile.
Foil, saber and epee -will all be included in the fencing competitions, and the golf putting awards will be presented on a basi^ of the most hole-outs out of twenty-five attempts. Fraternity and .Ward football passing duels will again be held, and the Fraternity tug of war, always ,a popular event, is also scheduled. Cirras Stntf Parallel bars, bori^ntal bars, and tumbling are to be included in the gymnastics competition^ and the 200 pounders will have their chance in the power pull. Footballer Petty won the event last year. A one mile walking race, won last year by Tredwell representing Theta Chi, and a 200 yard waiter’s race for both fraternities and wards, are both expected to be humorous and hotly contested. Frosh Fracas One freshman from each fraternity will participate in what will, very likely be the most hilarious event of the evening. They will all be set in the middle of the fieldhouse, and several' snaall objects ■will be thrown in their midst. The green potter emerging from the melee with the largest numbCT of objects, will be declared the winner. Spectators will be seated in the balcony seats, and bleachers will be provided on the fieldhouse 'floor for contestants. 25 cents admission, which is used to partially cover the cost of trophies, will be charged to spectators and contestants, alike.
Goucher College has a “Chubby Club” and its members have as their chief purpose the loss of 10 pounds in weight each week.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Ptiom 5701
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 l9Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—bower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Jewelers
DR. C.E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAjYErTE. INDIANA
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optorrtetrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
• Tailor
Darner's Flower Shop QtMlity Flewen Main at 7th Phone 6050
SPARREI^AHL Merchant . HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main $t. Sc PIE SOUP OlFilE $cPURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# Mardi 12, 1941
Jinudjif. JoUl Do You Want Both Ballrooms For Cotillion? Skull and Crescent’s Cotillion Committee is about to crawl in their hole and forget the whole thing as far as trying to please everyone is concerned. As far as we can see they have been getting the pressure from all sides... and for no good reason at all. After their appointment they started off with more than average enthusiasm to give the campus their biggest and best Cotillion in years. The Auditor of Student Organizations, policemen of the campus’ bankroll, agreed to underwrite the dance to the extent of some |1,700. Everything was fine. The dance was scheduled for March 15. Then Interfratemity Presidents Council agreed to confine Hell Week to March 13-16. Cold water on Cotillion plans. Cotillion Committee, faced with the proposition of either a flop on March 15 or a success at some later date, conferred with the Union Manager about the possibility of moving the date into May. Union Manager said OK. Plans progressed. Then the Union decided, for evidently no good reason at all, that the Committee should be held to their original date (Union policy). Back over to the Auditor of Student Organizations they trudged, pretty disgusted with
University red tape and disagreement. Auditor of Student Organizations muttered somexthing about not being able to take a chance on March 15 again to the extent of $1,700. Where should the Committee go from here? They did the only human thing to dp. They took the only night offered them by the Union and agreed to take an $1,100 slash in expenditures for the dance. Now a new problem rears its ugly head. It seems as if the 400 tickets offered for sale on the basis of one ballroom only have now all been bought and there is considerable demand for more tickets. In response to a letter received yesterday, and in an effort to relieve an already weary Cotillion Committee, the “Exponent” last night made a semi-successful effort to bring the warring factions to some agreement. As a result there will be a few more Cotillion tickets on sale this afternoon in the great hall of the Union. These are for the purpose of seeing if there is actually a demand for more tickets. ' If these are sold, plus a few more, the Auditor of Student Organizations has agreed to underwrite the dance for the additional expense, and the Union Manager has agreed to throw open the other ballroom which otherwise will be idle the night of March 15. If you want Cotillion in both ballrooms get over to the Union today and buy a ticket. Here’s luck to the Committee, with a little cooperation they could easily make Cotillion one of the year’s best. R.E.I.
But
Incidentally-
By Romanoff If we were on the Junior Chamber of Commerce or even the Chamber of Commerce we have a feeling that we would designate next week as *‘On-The-Ball-Week-Por-The-Military-Department.” Or maybe just “More Sleep Week” would do the trick. We refer to the long string of sad events climaxed this week by a Lt. Colonel getting his saber stuck in the Armory floor while presenting arms . ..
He also wears a mustache, but that’s his worry . . . >1: >H There seems to be considerable unrest among the privates, lance corporals, etc., who stand along the inside aisle where the officers prance by . . . It’s only self preservation. If an officer will stoop so low as to stick his saber in the floor, think what he might do if irked by a slouching sergeant . . .
One Basic Course student suggests we buy our man a caster to attach to the business end of the saber . . . Then if he wants to push it along the ground no one will be in danger, and the gathering can progress with business at hand .. .
Purdjue Exponent
It. B. Ituhgf _ W. B. sittitli
BdltM-l«-OkM
Btutn«M Muiaiwr
D. G. Tenrio, •ditortel dlractor; O. W. FndMrlcI, mmp Mrinr editor; B. If. AntoninJ, Malor edTertieiiia •aer; G. SchlUina, co-ed editor; S. Jenkhie, eporta editor. PhQnet: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;
SiMwts 2792
Bntered as aoeoad 4bua matter at the feat oBide la LaOwette. Indiana, wider tto a«t ed Oaacresa ad Matnlk 1.
1870. and at the apedtel rate eC aeetloa 1108. aet of October 8. ““
ms. PttbUahad daUr mmtvt acadcanle year and weekljr dnrin* the -SinaaMr Swsleo. DeUvered loedllr hr earrler for $8.88 »er paai^ aaail anb-
aeriptlon $8.88.
Bepresented for national advertlalnd bjr National Adverttaine Senrice, Ine., CoUege PnUisken Bepresentattreo, 4S8 Bladison Are., New Yoiic, N. Y. nnslgned editorials are written Iqr the editorial dl-
aet ed Oaacresa or juuna c. > of poatasfa provided far la 1817, anthorlaai Jaaaarir 88^ Itonidair dwtec the lacadar
Night Editor. McKee Day Editor, Simpson Ass’t. Night Editor, Trangott Taesday, March 12, 1940.
get one checked out of the supply room . .. and school would almost be 6ver.
We suggest he see the “Invisible Man” and work up a scheme of his own . . . _ Then there’s the sad case of the student taking advanced military who was asked to pledge POMM . . . He almost fell for it until he remembered he was already a member .. . Now he’s in a spot... he doesn’t want^to offend the rest of the men by refusing to join, and yet, if he pledged, how in the hell could he chase himself around the Armory during rough initiation . . .
But then it would probably take him two months to (Dorothy Dix, please copy.)
£MeA. £diiA. By Hank Miller Imagine the surprised look on the faces of Lafayetteans last Saturday afternoon when they heard the sweet voice of Alice Martens on WBBM at 1:15 on Tommy Bartlett’s popular “Meet the Missus” program. And did Tommy ever give Alice a build up . . . but when he asked her what type of radio work she was interested in . . . she said . . . “Oh . . . production work . . . like ... ah ... oh you know . . . sound effects.” Alice claims that she was so excited she couldn’t think what she was interested in. Incidentally, Tommy Bartlett will be on the campus a week from today. You can hear Alice on WBAA’s “Little Miss Muffett” program at 4:15 every day. News comes through that Virginia Verrill, popular radio and screen star, and singing star of NBC’s “Uncle Walter’s Dog House” and “Home Town,” has been named the sponsor of Indiana U’s annual musical production, “The Jordan River Review,” which will be presented tomorrow, Thursday, and Friday nights. Miss Verrill is to be the guest of the Indiana student body for the duration of the show and will sing several songs from the review. —e-e— Incidentally, recordings of several of the songs from the “Jordan River Review” will be recorded this afternoon for WBAA and they will be broadcast in the near future . . . the exact date to be announced later. The recordings will be made during the dress rehearsal of the show. —e-e— WENR will present a new program tonight from 8:30 to 9 that promises to be something out of the ordinary. Called Celebrity Minstrals, the program will feature an announcer’s quartet made up of Milton Cross, Graham McNamee, Harry Von2iell and Howard Petiie, and will feature a kazoo trio made up of Nathaniel Shilkret, Sammy Kaye, and one other prominent orchestra leader.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
Proved in Every Class Room at Purdue In every classroom you will find students wearing Crown Cleaned Clothes. Maybe you wonder what this means to you. Clothes, Crown Cleaned are moth proofed by Monite Process which protects garments against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. — NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE — m N E C L E AH ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., March 13, 7:00 p.m. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., March 14, 7;00 p.m. PHONE 2150 AUEN’SMi.^r^,
aretle^
m Coast to Coast
cM/ss ffazelBwoh ...photographed at New York's new municipal airport. MISS BROOKS is chief instructress of stewardesses for American Airlines and one of the busiest people in America’s busiest airport. Her passengers all know that Chest-
Chesferfield is today*s _ Definitely Milder m • • Cooler-Smoking ** Better-Tasting Cigarette
Flying East or West, North or South, you’ll always find Chesterfields a favorite of the airways. Youll never want to try another cigarette when you get to know Chesterfield*s right combination of the world*s best tobaccos. You cant buy a better cigarette, *
Copyright 1940, Liggett & Myehs Tobacco Co.
.. .TODAY’S COOLER-SMOKING BETTER-TASTING... DEFINITELY MILDER CIGARBUE
k. I*
1* •’