N
N
Volume 53f No. 2
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, JSepfember 9, 1941
A
Freshmen Meet Staff, Faculty At AWS Tea Freshmen and transfer women students were introduced to many of the University faculty and staff members at a tea sponsored by AWS Sunday afternoon from 3 to 5 o’clock. In the receiving line at the entrance to the East Faculty Lounge of the Union were Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS; Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women; Edward C. Elliott, president of Universitir; Mary Ellen Scarff, co-chairman of orientation board; Mary L. Matthews, dean of home economics department; H. E. Enders, dean of science, and Lynn Erganbright, cochairman of orientation board. After passing along this line the freshmen women and their counselors were served punch and cookies from ;a tea table decorated in fall colors. During the afternoon 640 persons were served by the head counselors and several staff members who wore long afternoon drfesses. The arrangements for the tea were made by Jean Lauer. Senior Women Orders for corduroy jackets will be taken at the armory tomorrow and until 3 o’clock on Wednesday. The jackets are $4. Senior women wear these jackets every year at the first football game. This year they are of beige corduroy m^de in a semi-fitted style with an action back. a.c. f Co-ed Hours Co-ed hours for tonight and tomorrow night will be 12 o’clock. Thursday night regular hours will be resumed.
1410 -Students Register At Armory On First Day Drop Of Several Hundred Expected Due To Defense Jobs, Army, Navy Fourteen 'hundred and ten stu^rats got registered in the Armory yesterday and that is about the only concrete thing to report about the nebulous enrollment situation. OiRcial University figures will not be released until October 1. Everyone was making his or her guess—with reasons why —but one authoritative source estimated that freshman enrollment would almost equal the 2,002 enrolled in 1940 with
a possible drop of only several hundred. Graduate enrollment was expected to drop off in the
heaviest percentage.
During the summer months the President’s office sent out questionnaires to all of last year’s students attempting to determine how many students would return to the campus, but President Elliott said yesterday that although the response was fairly good, the. replies were frequently indefinite and were returned at different times during the summer. This indicated. President Elliott said, that ttiany students were not certain .of their status even if they did give definite an-
swers.
Lucrative defense jobs and the more romantic branches of the armed forces such as the Army and Navy Air Corps seem to’i have taken most of the students who will not return. ' At least one student was concerned that Administration was worrying too much, replying on his questionnaire, “Keep your chin up. Proxy, I’ll be” Back.” Dr. Elliott acknowledged the advice with profuse thanks for the “presidential chin prop.” If everyone else was worrying about enrollment, Dn Miller had things well under control in his health service, clicking out examined freshmen at the rate of 85 an hour all day yesterday. Dr. Miller reported that he expected to handle 2,190 new students of whom 473 ai’e women. That seems to indicate rather definitely that this year’s freshman class will nearly equal that of a year ago.
Scenes At freshman Orientation:
Co-eds To Hold Picnic Tonight Western Style At five o’clock this evening a picnic will be held on the lawn of WEH for all new freshman and transfer women. The theme of the picnic is to be western. Supper will'be served out of large h*on kettles by waiters
dressed as cowboys.
Music will be furnished by . a three-piece cowboy band, and A. P. Stewart will lead the girls in singing. Huge* bales of hay will decorate the lawn of WRH. Clothes will give no worry to any girl attending since slacks, jeans, or riding breeches will
be appropriate.
Triangular scarves with the seal of the university on them will serve as tickets. These scarves may be purchased at either the Union or WRH. Marge Bowman is in charge of the sale of the scarves. The rest of the conimittee consists of Virginia Lee MacDonsild, arrangements; Ruth Fryer, publicity; and Carolyn Wood, chairman. This picnic is being sponsored by AWS for all freshmen and transfer women. Town girls, girls living in co-op or private homes, and resi-, dents of the halls are all urged to attend. The date was changed from Wednesday to Tuesday evening because of the convocation to be given onWednesday.ps. Foundation To Build New Student Center Wesley Foundation is preparing to build a new student center, a modern brick structure to be located on the corner of Sheetz and State streets. It will occupy the site of the present Foundation and the adjoining corner lot. During the construction of the new building, the Foundation will be housed at 116 S*heet.z street. Leadership Changed Leadership of the Wesley Foundation has also been changed since last year. The Reverend William McFadden, who for the past eight years has been the Methodist pastor for iUidents, has been transferr^qd to^Tefre Haute. Reverend Eugenfe-T^ Balsley succeeds him at the local Foundation, f; Rev. Balsley spent a i'year and a half as youth counsellor in Bloomington, 111., at Illinois Wesleyan University. He received his theological training at Boston University School of Theology and the Divinity School of the University of Chicago, where he received MA and STB degrees. Since leaving theological (school Rev. Balsley has spent his time in the active pastor-^ ate and has been doing youth work in the South Bend area, j.d.s. EXPONENT STAFF All members of the junior and sophomore staffs are to turn their schedules and work preferences to me as soon as they have completed
registration.
Staff for Tuesday,' Sept. 9: Hadley, night editor; Wolf, assistant night editor; Jones, junior in charge; Butz, deBruyn, Hoffman, Fischer, Greenstein, K 1 o s s o n, Roquemore, Stettenbcnz. Staff for Wednesday, Sept. 10: Kieper, night editor; Ochiltree, assistant night editor; Brophy, junior in charge; Eberts,'McDonall, Hoskins, Cragmile, Swarts, p. G. Smith, .1. D: Smith.
—RUFFNER.
Top picture shows news students getting their first taste of University tests and the Purdue honor system in the Music Hall Saturday morning. Notice vigilant proctors in background. In the picture at right head yell leader Dick De Garmo explains the intricacies of the Purdue Seris during^ the introductory convocation. Bottom left photo shows a co-ed, class of '45, telling Dad all about those orientation tests.
The Eighth Annual Student Book Exchange opened in the South Ballroom of the Union yesterday to receive books used in first semester courses. Selling will not begin until tomorrow morning. The Book Exchange will also receive books from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. today. From Wednesday through Saturday the hours will be from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Business will continue into the first few days of nextweek. • Bill Hepburn,' chairman of the Student Book Exchange, announced that freshmen a;nd spphoromes are needed to help the Student Union and the Exchange. All the workers are volunteers who make possible a non-profit system of exchanging books. Last fall it was estimated that the Exchange saved the student body $1,125. Students bringing books to the Exchange set their own prices up to seventy per cent of the list value of the book. Only first semester books will be taken and no new or out-of-date issues can • be accepted for sale. Students may'collect their money at a date which will be announced later by the Student Book Exchange Board of Control. Last year at this time the largest turnover in the history of the Exchange was experienced. The Exchange sold ninety-seven percent of the 2,243 books received with the total cash receipts amounting to $3,724.23. ; : ^
Frosh
For the benefit of those mem-, bers of the class of ’45 who have encountered some difficulty in removing themselves from beneath their “pots” upon- entering- the Student'Union Building, a reminder is herein given with regard to the tradition which recently has been subject to flagrant violation by freshmen. Those who would avoid unfriendly, if hot ominous, glances from other students will, in the future, remember to doff their “pots” upon entrance into the Union and leave them secreted in a handy pocket while in the building^ While attachment to class symbols is a commendable sentiment on the 'part of freshmen, such attachment may be carried to extremes.
We don’t know the exact minute, but it was something upwards of 15 hours after a hot very well planned deadffhe that one copy of the Exponeiit’s Orientation issue last Saturday dropped lazily out of our new web press; Then ten things happened to the press, all much too hbrrible to elucidate here. It all started out in Oregon. From Oregon, where the press reposed peaceably until the Exponent bought it in' June, trouble developed very nicely as the railroad car containing the press got a few hundred yards nearer Lafayette as each week of the summer passed. In the meanwhile a hole had been dug for the i^ew monstrocity in the Exponent office in the Union sub-basement. And a very nice cemented hole it was too: at ohe time during the summer the E:!cgpnent staff came perilously close to starting the Union’s Mr. Vallely in the swimming pool business. By the time September rolled arbund to signal the death of summer, 25 tons of press was nicely settled in the hole. And more was arriving daily from Oregon. In fact press time came around Friday night and Oregon still hadn’t kicked through with the ink rollers.-And at that time Friday night the press was in fine running order, too—except for the rollers. When the rollers arrived Saturday morning, the press suddenly reneged, and pouted until nearly 9 o’clock in the evening when with the help of God and the nine muses and some un-'' relenting cursing from mechanics, The morning mper began to roll from the press. Because of some very able acrobatics by. the entire circulation staff, the first midnight edition^ijj Exponent’s history was somewhat distributed. Everyone An Editor Today’s, paper is the official introduction of the Exponent to the campus. This year’s paper will be bigger, and if we may continue the cliche, better. The only reason the Exponent has for existence is to represent student attitudes and bring all the news that can be found to the student body. The Exponent staff has always taken particular pride that the daily paper is the largest of campus activities. But no one on that staff believes that is large enough. The actual writing of the Exponent is done by a small minority of the student body. • This year’s staff wants it understood that both the news and opinion columns of the Exponent are open to everyone. We shall say here that senior campiis activity leaders will find the Exponent as easily receptive to their vi,ews and comments for publication as those of mere fresh^nen, and no more so. Everything on this campus is not perfect, many things are very far in the other direction, And no one knows better than the student body what is fine and what is rotten in campus affairs. Student opinion expressed through letters-to-the-editor will always be published in the Exponent. We ask only that the writer indicate his honestf by signing hite name. This name will always be withheld upon the writer’s request, and it ishne of the long standing ethical standards of journalism that a name given in confidence shall be kept in confidence. In the past the Exponent has frequently printed editorial comments by various members of 'the faculty, and it wishes to continue to do so. We expect and hope that this year we shall have more letters from faculty members on every side of every question. Whether faculty opinion coincides or runs .(Continued on page 2)
Beere Also Announces 19 Other High Officers Alphonso A. Topp, a seif^ior in the school of chemical engineering, will head the first semester Purdue ROTC as Cadet Colonel, according to the relative standings of 177 senior members of the University military Corps released yesterday by Col. D. M. Beere, PMS&T. The standings are" defintely tentative. Col. Beere, indicated, being contingent upon
whether the men listed return to school this year. The rankings are as of the close of the summer ROTC camp at Fort
Knox July 26.
The other five colonels are R. A. Dibos, W. A. Campbell, N. W. Raber, Jr., F. N. Graf, and R. B. Stecker. The names of 14 lieutenant colonels were released, bqt because of current uncertainty as to the number of senior officers returning to school, other relative standing will not be published until a later
date.
The 14 lieutenant colonels follow: D. 'W. Ghrisman, L. H. Miller, J, L. Cullen, W. B. Farber, R. V. Youkey, L. L. Stahl, F. J. Wood, R. D. Mellin, H. W. Hale, J. C. Witty, H. E. Gommel, J. A. Rierlein, W. L. Sullivan, and E. L. Gregory.
Elliott To Preside At 'V' Convocation Tomorrow At 7:30 , Firdt convocation of the year for all students and faculty which is to inti’oduce students to the officers and traditions of the University will be held tomorrow night in the Hall of Music at 7:30. Admission will be by registration cards “'V” for vim, vision, apd vigor will be the theme this opening convoca-
tion.
The program will be opened by the Symphonic band playing “Back to Old Purdue,” and yells led by Dick DeGarmo, head cheer leader. President Elliott, acting as master of Ceremonies, will introduce David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees; Mai Elward, athletic director and football coach; Richard Starek, president of the Student Union; Richard Dibos, president of the Student Senate; and Agnes McCulloch, president of the Associated Women Students. . Thomas J. Watson, president of the' International Business Machine Corporation, and internationally known business executive, will be the principal speaker of the convocation. His address is entitled “Opportunity.” Watson became president of the International Business Machines Corporation in 1914 after being with the National Cash Register Co. and is today ranked as one of the highest paid executives in the country. He" is honorary president of the International Chamber of Commence, Director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and a member of the Board of Trustees of both Columbia University and Lafayette College. ' The talk will be followed by the audience and glee_ club singing “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” accompanied by the band. President Elliott will then present the Munro Trophy award for Fraternity scholarship. The audience will close the program by singing “America” and “Hail Purdue.y Members of the Gimlet and Reamer honaries will usher, r.e.f. Naval Reserve Again Offers Training Class To College Graduates
U. S. Naval Reserve is again accepting applications from college men for the training course leading to a commission. Enrollment in this course was closed last September after over '6,000 men had enrolled, but was reopened again May 13,
1941. ' *
Requirements for entrance into the course are similar to those of last year except that now a fomyear college course with a degree is necessary. This course must have ’.Included one-.semester' courses in college mathematics and plane trigonometry. The degrees that will be accepted are those of Bache^jof Arts, Bachelor of Science, or Bachelor of Science in Engineering given k
Enlarged Paper Gives
To Business Workers Sophomores who are looking for an activity free from party politics —one of the two activities which offer financial remuneration to juniors and seniors — are strongly urged to attend the meeting of the Exponent business staff at 4:30 o’clock tomorrow afternoon in their office in the sub-basement of the Union. ' In addition to the benefits of being associated with an excellent ac-''^ tivity, the Exponent business staff offers experience in business transactions and contacts with important people both on and off the campus. Promotions are based on the merit system and only by demonstrating . his ability as a sophomore can a worker obtain a junior position. More positions are open this year than ever before because of the new prganization which has gone into effect with the enlarged paper and the new printing press, a.p.h. Ingenious Invention By Oplinger, Hanna Uses Mercury Tube K. A. Oplinger and C. R. Hanna of the class of ’22 have merited considerable comment iii the electrical world recently through their work in developing a new -device known the mercury-column control. These men;''both graduates of the electrical engineering school, are research engineers' with 'Westing,-. house Electric and Manufacturing
Co. ,
These two engineers have turned^ the old device copsisting of a cob of mercuz'y for measui'ing tempenature into an instrument that play in the future become the ba^ for a system used in regulating the speed of motors or the generator
voltages.
While the ordinary thermometer has a glass bulb below [the column of mercury to act as a reservoir this new instrument has in place of that
a stainless steel bello’
Book Exchange Needs Sophomore Workers ^ Richard Dibos, president of the
by an accredited university or col-j Student Senate, issued a caUopt yes-'
J -terday for sophomore Senate members to work on the Book Exchange. Their duties will consist of accepting and selling books, and, in some cases, checking accounts. Hours spent at the Exchange will be counted as Student Senate work. It was emphasized that these working hours are ’ the basis upon which sophomores are graded and are one of the determining factors when junior Senate elections are held in
the Spring.
All workers" should report th either Hugh Lawrence or Beth Bartenheimer at the Book Ex^ehange in the south ballroom of the Hnioiif,
lege.
The first month of the course will be devoted to general instruction on the US*S Prairie State (formerly the USS Illinois), with home port at New York City, at Abbott Hall, Northwestern University, or at the U. S. Naval Academy, Annapolis. Those who successfully pass the first month’s requii'Oments are then advanced to Midshipmen, iuit|d given a three months’ course of instruction. Upon completion of this course the students are commissioned as Ensigns, and serve either as deck or engineering officers.
V w.g.h.>;V« •
^xfiiomfd
5" .y Indiana^ under the act of .Contrrcss of Marcr 3. 1879, and at the j; , special rate of postase provided for in section 1103, act of October S, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday if ' durii^ the reRuIar academic year and weeklj’ durirtf; the Summer '^v Sfesfen. DeHveired locally by carrier for $3.“ •rit: sor^tidliSe ..
per year, mail' sujj'-
i'si[ IBditpp-in-Ghicf
,; News Editi
Stdr..:
Business Manager..
Publication Staff
Ned A. Ochiltree John L. Traueott Don S. Powers
..Leland W. Ruffner'
•'J ■ ■ '"If
)Sf -|i
jdl It I' III ■! s;l
II
(■f
ft'
li
MbAHt^nr Editor:...... AsseciatO Editors: J. F; Amos, J. H. Arnastrong, D.’ T. Brophy, E. li. Hadley,.F. I, Jones, E. G. Kieper: . . Business Staff Local Advertising ManagersK. K; Gjemre, R. E. Saxton-; Circula tion Manager: W. T. Bellt'AccoamtS Manager; W. D. Millard. Co-ed StafP Editor. Ruth ‘ Rdae Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield. Sports- Staff' Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser,-J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business^ 40057-Sports-27-92; Editbrial After 10 P; M., 537.7 Hepresentesd for national advertising by National' Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave. - New York, N. Yi v Staff For This Issue ' Night Editor: Amos Sports Editor:: Clark'Iteuc Editor; Fischer Day Editor: Chatfield Workers: A, P. Hunter, B. Stluier, P. Stpnberg, L. Slbape, Mi A. Flanagan, J. Laucr, R. E. Eberts,, B. G. Smith, R. W. Boswink-le,
andliimtoi^oii’if
Cary na^^p^emf
And yesterday wo registered. Registration in itself was rather dull, but it rather forceably brought to' our attention tbe way in’wHicH’tbe University wastfes great quantities of a rather expensive material; which informed .persons say, is.essential-to-the proper, functioning of the army. In case you hadn’t guessed, we are referring to. y, -.i Red-Tage. -- Over across the pond, Joe and Adolph .-are still going at it' hammer and‘tongs; wHile'over here. Senator Wheeler and the Chicago tribune go off the. deep end; consistently. Wheeler insists that Adolf’s intentions are entirely honorable, and we!re - inclined to' agree with I him to the extent that we’re safe as long as ... Adolf doesn’t ask us to sign a non-intervention ;pacti And.of course if we really want to stymie him, we can jugt ... Refuse to sign it. ^ In Philadelphia, a scientist asserted that the craters on the moon were formed by volcanic action; and not by meteors, as some other scientist fondly beilieved. At any rate, they seem to have disposed Irather effectively of our childhood delusion that the moon was made . . . Of greeR^cheese. / W&’re. not particularly downhearted about it though. After-all—the moon is still the moon; and a'full moon is an excellent . . , ' Means to ah end. o.l.a.; ~
Oi#r M/cfn/g/it £cf/iefoii * (Continued from page 1) counter to the stand of the Exponent makes not the slightest bit of difference in our desire to publish the ideas of all campus groups,- . ; . Come In And See Us ' But more than j ust the traditional letters-to-^the-editor, we are certain that the Exponent will be a; better and; certainly more representative if people who have^^ever Jjeen and are not now connected with the: Exponent will come down to our subterranean hole in the Union Building and actually see how ah that copy in every morning’s paper is mass produced. We shall not even object if you sit down at a typewriter and-try your hand at,producing something printable. It is certain that there are feature articles in just everyday occurences on which any student may stub his toe. Our by-lines are not reserved for our‘staff menibers; we like to put them on stories students, faculty members or janitors write just for the fun of writing. . , . What Do You Want? We expect, of course, that this year as always, the major indoor campus sport will be violent alkday expression of the Exponent’s alleged inadequacies, imbecilities^ and divers other faults. Certainly the Exponent is not what it could and perhaps should be, and the best remedy for that is for the student body to let the staff Icnow what it wants. A column on campus politics ? That sort of thing will never please everyone. But then it may at least engender some violent letters-to-the-edi-tor. The high school gossip column that the Exponent has run more or less regularly for the pasUseveral decades under the titles “Bold and Black” and “3.93 to 1” ma,y or may not have reached the end of its popularity. Let us know, " One of the touchier ideas with which the Exponent has toyed'is presenting world news in its column. We have seen some spirited opposition to our plans along this line, and now we want to knpw just what the student reaction is to the proposal, that the Exponent carry every morning a complete account of war news as reported by a world-wide news agency. Our doors are open almost every hour of the day and night. Just walk in and^ start talking.—J.L.T. .
Cloiisilied
Ads
Wanted: Experienced soda clerks.' Students—thirty cents per hour. Apply'to G. 0. Arbuckle, Cary Hall
South.
Lost: Brown billfold in Union Bldg, containing $6 ancl draft papers. Papers very important. Re-
ward. .
Student to drive car daily; desirable room near campus plus $10 per month; must be able to lift 150
lbs. Phone 5339:
Wanted: Student to exchange work- (furnace, etc.) for comfortable room in West Lafayette home
Phone 7293.
NOTICES or. lost articlcB at
Frosh Campers: Call 227 'S.Erant street.
-GRAVES.
Ei. Museum Receives
Made By Perry Remy
The musdura in the electrical engineering building recently received, as a gift, a small electric generator, built by B. Perry Remy, one of the founders ‘of the Remy Electi'ic Company, while he was a student in Purdue University about
1888.
Presented by R. K. Clifford 6 The generator was presented tothe University by R. K. Clifford, vice-president in charge of operations of the Continental Steel Co., Kokomo'', at the i^equest of his father, F. L. Clifford. The elder Clifford had kept the generator as a remembrance of the time when he was in association with Remy in a small uosjopuv ssoutsnq Sui:iB[dojp3io about 1892. The generator has considerable value because of its his-
tory.
At the time of his death F. L. Clifford left the generator and the following note with his son: “This machine was made by B. Perry Remy about 1888 while a student in Purdue. He and I became associated in a small electroplating business (which, of course, must be ■small with this machine, which if I remember correctly, is a 10 volt and
10 ampere machine).
“I have thought for several years Uf have brought it to you to see if j(ou were interested in any way as a souvenir or otherwise. But I have put the matter off until it is too late for me to make the trip, so f have dedicated the matter to my son who
has promised to attend to it for me.” ested. imk.b.
Design Department Will Let Public Rent imported Pictures
By M. K. BOYNTON
i Do you want your room to he a itasteful, livable place where you can study or relax with pleasure? Then take your pick of the Picture Rental Library which is now hanging in Building No. 2. It is being -offered for the third successive year by the Applied Design Departmerytf of the School of Home Economics.'.— This collection is a group of imported colored reproductions of modern masterpieces, ranging in value from $8.50 to $20. Their value is rapidly increasing, however, because production-has been cut off by the war. Works by such famous artists as Picasso, Renoir, VanGogh, Degas, Cezanne, Mbnet, Rousseau, Rockwell Kent and Grant Woor are available for one dollar semester. They include a wide selection of landscapes, still life, and portraits, and are appropriately framed by Raymond and Raymond, famous art dealers of New York. The special process by which they were made gives these prints a very close resemblance to the originals. Sixteen colored prints from the “Living American Art” series are also offered at only fifty cents a semester. These are less expensive reproductions, but are fine examples of contemporary art in the United States. Only two of these pictures may be rented, as there are onl^ two frames available. Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansenj head of the Applied Design Department, is in chai*ge of the library, which will be on exhibition for several weeks for those who are inter-
Keamcr Club: All Reamers be at Music Hall Wednesday, September 10, at G :50 p.m. to usher at Victory convo. RUFFNER. Gimlet Club: All members report at the Music Hall Wednesday, September 10, at 6 :50 p.m. to usher at Victory cotivo. —JOHNSON. Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, September 8,’ at 7 :30 p’. m. in room 303 of
Union.
—MENKE, Independent Staff: Delayed Dog up now. Come in and check stories. If none are as signed to you, sign your name at bottom of ^Dog and you will be called. Leave address and telephone number. . SMULEVITZ. . 'Glider Club; Important closed business meeting Thursday, September 11, in room 303 of the Union. All old members be there —CAFFEE. Varsity Football: Meeting for all candidates Tuesday, September 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. ' —ELW'ARD. Frosh Football: First meeting, originally scheduled for Wednesday, September 10, has been changed to Thursday, September 11, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 107 of the Field-
house,
—ELWARD. Union Building Permanent Assignments Organizations wishing permanent rooms ii the Memorial Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union Board before. Friday, September 19. Please state size of organization and reasons for requiating a permanent room.. ' ' —STA^EKi Sororities Send Delegates To Summer Conventions Two of the eight sororities on campus held national conventions this summer and two had regional conventions. Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta were pi’esented at ^tional conventions and' C h i Omega and Delta Gamma sent members to regional meetings. The Alpha Chi, representative to Pasadena, Palif., was Betty Briscoe, and the Alpha Xi representatives to Denver, Colo., were Mary Bailey and Jane Blank. The representatives to the regional conventions of Chi Omega and Delta Gamma were Barbara Fellows and Lynn Erganbright, respectively, m.a.f. '"-
To AssisrLBtufkm^ 1 Counseling service Has been set up'in'the'Gai’y'Halls again this year witH the specific: purpose of’assisting freshmen’ t&- orient* tHemselVes ijWitl respect to studies and personal 'pr,Ql)leins. , ' ' Faculty sponsors, counselors,, and resident' professors have been* appointed tp each hall and to the an.^ n^xes. These men have been, chosen upon recommendation from various members of the University staff be-' cause of their ability along certain lines which can be helpful to the
freshmen.
Sponsors and Counselors After orientation the counselors will talk to each of their charges, giving them advice as to what course of study to follow, and interpreting orientation grades. They will also help the students to Oi’ganize their work and study charts Counselors are; for the most part, graduate students, studying in various fields which w,ill be helpful to the freshmen. The following is a list of the counseling staff, and the particular field of study in which they are engaged: ■ Cary Hall East: Kenneth Wilson, Faculty Sponsor, Speech; Seth B. Anderson, Counselor, M. E.; J. Stanley Dunn, Counselor, Chemis
tiy.
Cary Hall North: William E. Stuffing, Faculty Sportcor, Psychol hgy; John C. Lamkin, Counselor,Chemistry; Robert W. Des Jarlais Counselor, Speech. ; Cary Hall Northwest: Hugh Spencer, Faculty Sponsor, Chomis try; Joseph Franklin, Counselor, Education; Robert A. Fisher, Coun selor, Ch. E.; Dr. Mack D. Steer, Resident Professor, Speech. Cary Hall West: Dr. Lloyd G Mundie,' Faculty Sponsor, Physics; Robert 0; Bolt, Counselor, Chemis-fi-y; Noi'man Weitkamp, Counselor. Agriculture; Fred Goldsmith, Resi dent Professor, Ass’t. Dean of Men. Cary Hall South “A”: Richard Crewder, Facuifty'Sponsor, English; Kenneth' F. Broome, Counselor, Agriculture; Clifton E. Mayfield, Counselor, G. E.; Dr. Laurence Hadley, Resident Professor, Mathema-
tics.
Cary Hall South “B”: Dr. Andrew Guthrie, Faculty Sponsor, Physics; Donald Charlton, Counselor, Met. E^; Charles Anderson, Counselor, Chemistry; Burrell Hansen, Counselor, Speech. Cary Hall South “C”: Bernard Schmidt, Faculty Sponsor, English; .Bramlette McClelland, Counselor, Highway Research; Walter Barss, Counselor, Physics; Hubert W. Murphy, Counselor, Pharmacy. Cary Hall South “D”: Gene Johnston, Faculty Sponsor, Pharmacy; Elliot Barrick, Counselor, Agriculture; Quentin File, Education; Oliver Perkins Terry House: Leslie .Gillette, Faculty Sponsor, Chemistry. Cary Hall Annex—777 Russell Street: Donald Hudgin, Faculty Sponsor, Chemistry. ' Cary Hall Annex—781 Russell Street: Ernest Kirsch, Faculty Sponsor, Agi'iculture.—w.g.h.
MAIN
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE feature
"THIEF OF - BAGDAD" In Technicolor’ with CONRAD VEIDT SABU - jUNE DePREZ — PLUS— . "EAST OF THE RIVER" with JOHN GARFIELD BRENDA MARSHALL
Mat BIieepi To Complete Studies Juniors and ^niors at the University need not leave school for any. length of time because they) lack.funds to complete their schoolin'g; Several educational -founda'i tibns Have made loans available tC, isthdentfe' through the offich; of; th% Dean of Men, and some religious denominations have similar funds for the benefit of - students of their faith; . A junior may bhrrow $100 frejm the University arid an'^ additional $100 in his seriior year, or he may borrow $200 iri his senior year if he' has no unpaid preyious loaris. . Last year the University loaned students approximately $23,000 from the various funds available. Each year the organizations , of the campus contribute varying amounts of money to these funds from any excess profits. -
Since 1902
The first loan funds were .made available in 1902, and they have continued, and accumulated up to the present time, until now there is a total of $72,500 which students may draw from in ease of need. Jun iors and seniors are given preference because they have, bettei’ chances of completing their work, but underclassmen may under certain conditions secure loans also. For students in the two upper classes who expect to spend their lives in agricultural work in the state of Indiana, funds are available from the special Gertrude C. Mod lih Memorial Fund.—:h.g.s.; ’ ' Dean H. Reed Announces Changes in Poultry Staff' Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed aunoungfid'several changes in the University poultry staff for the coming year. Willia.m Kohlmeyer, who has seiwed the past f our years as secretary-troasui'cr of the State Poultry Association of Indiana, will do egg marketing research in the Agricultural Experiment Station: The past head of the egg marketing research work, E. R. Menefee, is'now actively serving on the state Egg Board. Kohlmeyer graduated from Ohio State in 1928 and received his master’s degree from Purdue in 1938. Kohlmeyer, who has also been an Extension poultryman for the past 11- years, will be succeeded in these duties by L. A. Wilhelm, assistant pi'ofessor at Oklahoma A. and M. Wilhelm holds bachelor and master’s degrees from Kansas State. For fiye years he did research work for the Washington State Agricultural Experiment Station.
Way
for SeGOwd L/moa Mixer On PrMa^ By Buddy Eberts > Del Cour^ey, celebrated Candid Camera Music maestro and his thirteen piece band, will play from the bandstand 'of both balllooms this FfidUy night' f9ir t% sqcpnd' mijtbr . of the season. The first downbeat will come at 9‘o’dbek RTT (Hfeavilbn Tower Time)’, and the" price will be that' of a regular
■ ATTENTI01V, ' SHUTTER-BUGS! • FILMS • CAMERAS • SUPPLIES • FENISHING Stop ill and jiiieet us FOSTER'S CAMIRA SHOP Opposite Union Building 411 State St. West Lafayette
tODAY - WEDNESDAY PETER LORRE'S Horror Hit I'
ALSO 'WHITE EAGLE" SERIAL
mixor.,.’ .. .. r - THe boys in the.bapd favoi? sweet,, romantic melodies, hut, can and will ntake the “joint" jump”' for the .“hep-cats.” ^ In * Courtney’s own, words :..“Th© Airiericah., public still wan.t& to hear,the,melody of a'song,. A^ band mush also have an easy swing that can be danced to effortlessly,' and nbt the kind that makes Iheihi'feel that they-have-finished a'
marathon race.”
After being a four letter man at th& University of . fJalifopniii'i. Del was offered a contract at the same time that his friend Joe DiMaggio receivedl his first, offer. Courtney turned down the contract to swing the large baseball bat for a chance to wave the small'baton, and sirice that time has enjoyed success, as one ,of ’the nation’s; “.name-.ban.ds,” Br^casters View Hew VBice Toting Equipment Highlight of the'annual convention of the National Association of ■Educational Broadcasters held'here last weelrwais the demonstration of various types of equipment for voice testing. Dr. M. D. Steer of the speech clinic conducted the
demonstration.
Technical pixiblems, including new equipment, the new FM type of broadcasting, recording discs, and international station rebroadcasts were also discussed. Among the speakers at the convention were Ralph. Townsley', chief engineer of WBAA; A'. J. Ebel, chief engineer
,8 -n
EoiRKbp^ To w
Conference Off M18 .American Pognclryjmen’s As.shcia- , tion, in, cooperation with the enginejerdng extension department of the University^ .will sponsor; artWodky conference here beginning October 18. Purpose of. the meetings W'ilHbe to'disouss pi'oblems off foundry operation which are occasioned by the national defense program. Cause for the conference is* the rising urgency of increased production. off castings and the difficulty in'obtaining raw materials. Leading Foundrymen point out that th&' solution to these problems must be found if production for ai'mament, commercial and'civilian needs is to continue without serious curtailment.. Chairman of the‘Committee' in charge of the conference is Ji D. Btirlie of Chicago, foundry Engineer of the Western Electric Co;-^ Amohg those on his committee are three University staff , members, W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering; J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical and metallurgical'engineering; and C. W. Beese, head of the department of general engineering.
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
rroni Brondon T/iotnoi* immorlal comody KAY FRANCIS JAMES ELLISON ■ HOMUNDfiWtNN.ANNEBAXTER-RtGIMAlDi OWEN rlAIRPCRESAR.;. ARUEfl WpAN.;
HOIeiLYWdOl^ PlRADiE Of STARS tK GAY RONANCEl
nois; and John Stiehl, engineer of WHA at the University of Wiscon-
of WILL at the University of Illi- sin. m.a.f.
TODAY - WED. —2 BIG HITS —
jjtOUR LOVE BUTZ!
A IP Vf STORY WITH ' A BRAND-NEW TVyi$|l ,
FRED
MADELEINE
MAMfiRAy-CffiRDll
A Facfimount PIctufS.wllh Pdlrlcla Morison •. Billie Biirke
A Paramount Pictura with. RICHARD CARLSON Richard Denning - Frances Gifford Maude Eburne Janet Beecher Cecil Kellaway
OFFER dmtlWL TO PURDUE STUDENTS WOULD a charge account be: • An eificient supplement to your school financing plan, by giving you an accurate record of your "equipment" costs? • An opportunity to budget and control your school costs? • A practical convenience by eliminating the necessity of carrying extra money for occasional purchases? • A good way and time to start building your credit rating? INQUIRE at SOUTHWORTH'S office for details.
It is a distinct accomplishment to be able to obtain d surety bond, which, if maintained in good standing, is an asset for the rest of'yotir liferlikewise it. is now possible for you to have an excellent future reference by estqblishing a good credit rating in a retail store such, as ours. The process for obtainirig credit here is simple, though complete. Our office will furnish an applicdtion'blank, which; when duly executed and approved, will entitle you to a personal; numbered credit card. This card enables our employees to give you quick and efficient service, and is a mutual protection. SOUTHWORTH'S feel that they may render a. distinct SERVICE to those students who will qualify for credit. If you are interested in the plan we will be happy to have ‘ you call at our office. '
t BOOK S !im»PLf iiWF 308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE,, IND,
.i4(.
‘.V" V
<'4s.
To subscribe to the Exponent when registering and be sure of getting the Purdue news every day, ' .. ' There’s humor, dramatics, scandal, society . . . and you don’t want to miss the sports stories and dope on Purdue’s history making football and basketball teams. Just $3.50 for the whole year——two semesters. Subscribe when you register, or anytimeat-— - , THE ItfEMORIAL UNION BUILDING SOUTHWORTH’S DEAC’S UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Every student is Held responsible for the notices which are ofSeial as published in' the EXPONENT.
KMISiS laundry Service
This young man was a Purdue Freshman. Upon removing his clothing from tfie suitcase, he found heed of clothes cleaning service. He was strange in town so Ee
inci
He took his friend’s advice and he has been a GROWN customer ever since*
We Stick to 'Quality and Service *.. arWl Purdue Sticks to Us
■ipTli^siJeisr^ SefrteiifSdr' 1911
44
I#.,. ■
tern: -Vf!;] Hi
Mil-'
1#'
ii
;VKtaiwmcgfn?i3CMaiatrasBQ‘waib'qfua«ra':»^gg»»TOHaByM?tyoaiSjiM;«^
• TEXTBOOK ECONOMY AT SOUTHWORTH S
\
■X,
-a
Saving. That is what makes it worthwhile to bity’^tSouth worth’s
'W
SAVE at Southworth’s
-\,
in
or NEW IF YOU PREFEE
%
STUDENT SUPPLIES
® COMPLETE ENGINEERING EQUIPMENT • BIOLOGY SUPPLIES
• APPLIED ARTS EQUIPMENT • HOME ECONOMICS SUPPLIES
• COMPLETE SUPPLIES FOR ^ OUfi^YTiftG Y^#1ld©i[
cr, fX'CM
“WHO’S WHERE’
‘HELLO’
FOR EVipiY PURDUE STUDENT Frc6tregiMration in th6 !^‘WIio’8: Wlitere Directory” at Southworth’^ infornttation (lesik. Simply fill out carfl provided aiid put in open file. Find out where your friends are and let them know where you -arc. It’s a Free service to everyone^ When the official student directory is issued there will be a hig drawing of Who’s Where Directory names for valuable prizes. See the i^chcdule of pl'izes at our information desk.
7/
FOR EVERY FRESHMAN Present your fee statement at our information desk and obtain a practicaband valuable “Hello Gift.” You will' wse it tliroughout tbe school year. There are no strings,, absolutely Free, with our compliments. We, want to say “Hello” to you.
W:
PlRDDEBCCKMlPfiV STORE
3 V.
3l)S^d iTflkfE IFREEI WIE5T LAFAYETTE INQf p
^''' - /. I t
V, -4i
i A
fi. f
A ,
>> y
N
•?,*+r
TUdsdhy. .S-eptemBW r. Idtl*
f fV’ ’ a F tt “It" utstanaing Football Teams On Boilermaker Gridiron Schedule >j|Jight top-notch teams of well known colleges of the Middle the South, and the East have been scheduled by the l||j/ieters for the 1941 season. Four conference aj^e Jnc^i^ded on the card. The annual Fordham-Boilerma^en clash W|||ch is acquiririg a classic reputation is agaipjfound- oHi the Sjchedule. Home games with Vanderbilt, Michigan State, hpd Ibwa will enable^the Riveters to cavort before local rooters?
Foe
“OTjie first opponent on the schedule isi!tl|ie Vandervilt team from Nashvaie, Tennessee. The Commodores Pifttf a green team on the field, last year, and their record wasn’t very impressive. The team has experienee now and experts predict a close gftrpe. Vanderbilt possesses a competent line^ but the backfield is spotty. If several promising backfield candidtitbs come up to expectations, the Goiftmodores may be able to throw some punches. The line, however, will^ present a difficult problem for an^’team to solve. PittI Next For their second game, the RiveterSrhit the road for a game with a Pitji team of questionable ability. The, last of j^ock Sutherland’s proteges have graduated and Coach Charlie Bowser is left holding the hag! A dangerous passer, “Special Dblivery” Jones, is the only standout’ in Pitt’s mediocre backfield. The line is made up entirely of seniors, all polished veterans, but they cannot, offset the backfield weakness. Next comes Ohio State—at Ohio State, and the Buckeyes are always a^pfoblem when they are playing on their home grounds. The Rivetersi willi be fighting to avenge a 17 to 14 defeat which was handed to them laat year. The winning margin was provided by a field goal kicked by an ineligible player in the closing minutes of the game. New Coach sThe Buckeyes.are sporting a new coach this year, Paul Brown, who was drafted for the job directly
H y U i(4 ^ ' ■'<1^ ^ I’y %* FtriDrirE rrr0»rErirT
tffcii
Massillon, Ohlos, BroWn>wdll feed his players on a' strict diet of plain power ^fotball; ,^stressing fundamentals and^hrowing razzle-dazzle? out the
window., I »!
Th6 Surprising Hqwkeyes, who rose-up to upset undefeatfed and untied* Notre-Bame Ihst year,'are the BoilfermakSTS^ next foe. Coach Anderson has lost only three regulars fromihi^ 19409 team and a-wealth of experience will be available as> well as Bill! Creen, one of tho'greatest fullbacks in the game. The game will be played in Ros^-Ade Stadium.
Powerful Rants
Defeated but once during the regular season last fall and nosed out by Texas A. & M., 13 to 12, in the Cotton Bowl game, the Pordham Rams will present a real obstacle to the Riveters when they meet on November 1 Ipr New YOl’k City. Gaps left by graduating seniors have been filled nicely by reserves and capable freshmen. If the Riveters can win the game, the traditional series will be evened up in the win
and loss standings.
An invading squad from Michigan State will give Elward’s team aii'«al test this year. The Spartans have twenty-two lettermen back, including seven of the regulars from the team that beat the Riveters last year. It should be a typical Bachman Coached, team, resourceful, well - manned, strong defensively, and armed with effective plays. Wyman Davis and Mike Schelb, who have shared the left halfback position for two years, will be available to spaik the Green and White
Ross-Ade Stadiurff
|yom
his high school position at backfield.
I Everything ; In Clothes 1 ! For the College Man ; s S • .Sweaters i ; • Shirts I • Socks - Ties f See our new line of I laundry cases . . priced at $1.29 i ;! I Reliable Clothing Co. i For the Man of Good Taste
. . . will be the scene of threg Boilermaker football games tHi& season. The spacious horseshoe seats nearly 25,000 people and its well'drained playing field^is- one oMhe best in the conference. Vanderbilt, Iowa, and
Michigan State are the three Schools sending teams to the stadium. „
Grid Rttle Changes Give Offense New Advantage Each autumn^the football'coaches of the nation survey the rule changes and contemplate-the advantages anddisadyant--ages likely to, be felt-by their own teams. This fall few of the mentors will be able to interpret the innovations in any other light than a definite break for the offense,
ball
For instance, the ball may be handed forward in the offense’s backfield at any time piovided it is not given to a lineman. ^ More Passing Seen Substitutes are allowed to converse with their mates, now as soon as they ara accepted by the. official and their captain. Substitution without limit IS permitted in the last quaiter. Furthermore, a fourth down forwaid pass which is graunded in the end zone is no longer classified' as a touchback. Omthe contnaiy, the ball is puhinto play at the point of previous down instead of the on the opponents 20-
yard line.
Last season saw too many tie games — scoreless or otherwise — which left the public in an unsatisfied position as to the strength of ro^pfective teSlns. Apparently, these
Lookll Only $3.50 a year for the PURDUE EXPONENT
SAVE
DOLLARS and
STEPS
Used and NEW BOOKS and SUPPLIES for All Courses > Engineering. *, Science ' • Home Economics » Agriculture • Phafmacy • Physical Education UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
(Across From Union) M. Ct “Red” Sammons, ’29
R, W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
levisions repiesent a conscientious effort to eliminate this situation. Qdc. , ' , , ' , Intramiiral Office Call For pFeshtnafli Managers' With the opening of^ the intramural program near at hand, the Ihtramural Dcpaitment is looking for freshmen interested in trying out for the position of manager. Anyone intoiested is uiged to repoit to Chief Clevett at the Intramural Office, Room 111 in the Fieldhouse, Thuisday, September 11, at (four o’clock to receive instructions and sign up. Freshmen Work Up Freshn^n willi assist in conducting the Intiamuial spoits program, and will be expected to repor}; to the office at four o’clock eveiy weekday duiing the semester. At the end of the semester two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate managei will be elected fiom this gioup. One of the assistant managei s will be elected Intramural Manager at the end of his sophomoie year, the seivice terminating at the end of his junioi
year.
The selection of managers is made by Mi. M. L. Clevett, Mr. Don Phillips, Miss Maiy Leadbetter, and the Intramuial Manager and IS puiely on the basis of merit. The awards for this work are a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago, an Intiamural sweater to the thiee assistants at the end of the fieshman yeai, and a “P” sweatei to the managei in his junioi year, j.d.f. Basketball was invented by Di. James Naismith in 1896. The good doctor was an instructor at Spiingfield YMCA College at the time. He put bottomless peach baskets at each end of the school gymnasium and threw a soccer ball through them. Thus was the humble beginning of a gieat game.
Fraternip Men Hold Conventions During Summer Vacations Fourteen fraternities on the campus sent delegates to their national conventions last sumtUer, where the general affairs of the fraternities and' their national officers for the coming year were decided. These conventions were held in various places throughout the country and were attended by delegates from all undergraduate chapters. I The Acacia convention was held in Lafayette; Verrion Hupp represented the local chapter of Alpha Chi Rho at their convention in Beth-
lehem, Pa.
AKL At Urbana
Alpha Kappa Lambda national convention was held at Uibana, 111. Alpha Tau Omega convention at French Lick was atthndedl by Jim Venable, Bob Sunderman and Bob Jensen fiom the local'chapter. Delta Upsilon national convention was at Lehigh university. Beta Theta Pi convention in Wisconsin was attended by Rex Mayfield, Archiq Farnsworth and Egbert
Tingley.
Delta Tau Delta national conventi(^n was held in White Sulphur Springs, W. Va. Bill Long and Jack Kendrick represented the local chapter. Kappa Sigma national convention was held at French Lick. Fied Kroft represented the local chapter. ( Lambda Chi Alpha convention was held in Exelsior Springs, Mo. Phi Kappa convention, held in Cleveland, was attended by Jim Madden and Bill Coughlin as local representatives. Sigma Chi held its national convention in Detroit, with Tom Cahill and Milton Shaver as local representatives. Sigma Nu held its national cohvention at White Sulphur Springs, W. Va. Bud Laramore, Jim Jone& and Hal Knight represented the Ideal chapter. Theta Chi is holding its convention this week in San Francisco. Ned Ochiltree is the representative from the University
chapter.
Theta Xi convention was held in Houston, Texas, and was attended by Bob Hall of the local chapter,
s.e.c.
Joe Di Maggio has not completed a full season since he firet joined the Yankees, Injuries and holdout difficulties have kept him. inactive, at least for a few ganfes, ever since
1936.
Only one guard who earned a letter has reported to Coach Bob Zuppke at Illinois. He is Joe Pawlowski of Aurora.
Playshop Ready To Begin Seafson
Aspirants To Tryout Today, Tomorrow Clew calls and tiyouts for Playshop have been set for today and tomoriow, Septembei 9 and 10, at either 4 oi'"'? p. m. each day. They will be hold in the reom on the second flhor of Powlei Hall, and former participants as well as aspirants aiG urged to attend. Acting is not a pieiequisitc foi Playshop, foi the gioup of actois is only a small pait of its work. There are Glows for stage, lights, make-up, piopeities, costumes, business, advertising, and publicity, Eveiyone in Playshop has an opportunity to belong to Purdue Playeis and Theta Alpha Phi, national diamatic honoiaiy. Playshop combines its many social activities with concentiated effort and gives one the chance to discovei his place in the University’^ diamatic activities, a.p.h.
Playshopk^D^ector
H. Kcnn Carmichael, director of University Playshop and many of its productions, is busy preparing his student organization for another dramatic season. Plans are' already well under way for the first production, “Three Men On A Horse,”„to be presented ih October.
Former Yell Leader Dies Jufy Trying To Save Drimning Gir^ The following is reprinted from the Pordae Alamias^ ShUuJjttly, 1941 issue. ^ Sterling Meier, of Indianapolis, 1939 Purdue Sdtvieft g^eer graduate of Purdue and former yell leader, ^ His friends as “Stubby” lost his life July 5 white tryteg ^ rescue Betty Crandall, ten-year-old Indianapolis {dtijiroa^ drowning, Wien a boat overturned in the east fork of White iRivennear Shoals. He was twenty-two years old. BoDt were redovered soon after the accident. ^
Stubby” and some friends were at his f hthUr’^f Camp for the holiday waOk-ettd. The Crandall family were retunning Konie DrUhi [^pending the fourth at Louisvine, Kentucky, and stopped for a 'short time to allow the three Grandhll children to go wadiUg. Afcceptinfe an invitation for a bqat ride iVitK Meieri six o’ecupante of the'boat were iJmown Into the watfer when an outboard motor after stalling, started up with a jierk 'that Upset the > boat. All were swimming to shore except Bjetty GrahdUll, who in fright grabbed her rescuer around the neck, and dragged berth of them down to their
deaths.
Love Outdoor Life
Melon’s Hobby was outdoor life, ^aceording'to his fether. President of the Clip S. Meier Coal Company, Indianapolis. He had taken several tripa''with his father, one of the most recent being to Sun Valley, Idaho, where he learned to ski. He had traveled from coast to coast twice and had friends throughout the' United States. After his untimelyi death at constant stream of these'friends called at the Meier
htome to offec condolences.
“Stubby” Was graduated fnom Arsenal Technical high school, Indianapolis, in 1934 and from Purdue University in 1939, and had completed his first year at Harvard University School of Business. He had been employed in the oil fields in Illinois and Mississippi the year following his graduation from Purdue, and had spent one summer working in coal mines in West Vir-
ginia.
A distinguished student at Purdue, he was a member of Alpha Kappa Lambda and Alpha Phi Omega fraternities, was a member of Cary, Gimlet, “P” Men, and Skull and Crescent Clubs, was manager of the Debate Team and a member of the Cotillion committee his sophomore yeaSf, a member of the Junior Proi^ committee, and the Gala Wfeek committee his senior year. He was also active in Intramural sports. Union Show, and Wesley Players. “Stubby” was one of the most popular varsity yell leaders Purdue has ever known. His acrobatic stunts thrilled thousands at the Purdue football and basketball games. After leading a yell he would take his place on the sidelines by purposely stumbling' down flat on his stomach. He would light with such force that everyone would hold their breath, thinking all the wind had been knocked out of himj several bones broken, and his assistants would have to carry him away on stretchers, probably unconscious. However, “Stubby” would turn over, sit up, smile, and he ready to lead another yell at the fiist- opportunity. Survivors are the parents and a brother, Lieutenant Hix W. Meier, ’38, of the United States Army, now serving in the Philippines. Funeral services were held July 8 at the Planner and Buchanan mortuary and burial in the Memorial Paik Cemetery, Indianapolis. Pallbearers were Hariy Hollis, Jr., ’35, Lewis Bbsej Lawson Smith, Hughes L. Smith, Frank Jordan, and Robert SprauL
Season Tickets On Sale
At Booth South Of Armory Playshop, drajinatic organization of the campus, placed its season tickets for the coming year on sale
yesterday at registration.
Plays for the 1941-42 seasqn include “Three Men on a Horre,” “Beyond the Horizon,” “The Petrified* Forest,” and “The Male Animal,” all of which have been great suc-
cesses on the legitimate stage.
Besides the tickets on sale at the registiation booth, the ticket office at Fowler Hall will be open. The prices are’ $1'.25 tov the season' or 75c for a single admission. If it is not possible for you to go to one of the above named places, various lepresentatives will be available on
the campus foi' some time.
An excellent idea for a fellow
wuld be to buy two season books the tea, atoo-
now; so that when he is b*»ke in where new//toenib<»a wilL yagiPttffy. mid-season, he can still take his Tea wUl consist of cokes and prsb,
date to Playshopt b.g.s. zeis. l.s, 4
University's Ati^ist
Graduates Variety Of
Variety is the only word ttelt cita adequately characterize |be employment found by the sity’s August graduates.^ secured range from wor)c tiles, State department in Washington student engineers in Pont Texas. / Some present occupations oJ Aifegust graduates are as follov^; tite list is incomplete as it is based q|b reports sent in by the gtsdo^es, E. C. Aldrich, standards ami tinm study engineer at the Containec^ Corporation of America; J. Amieifc off, distribution engineer “for the dianapolis Power and Light Co.; TiVS. Bradfield, student sales engine^ for the Crane Co. of IndianapqEs. A. B. Carlson is a plant insyiectdk^ at the Acme Steel Co. of Cbicagcn, W. C. Clark is a flying cadet whilb. R. S. Colquhoun is with the United States Army at Fort Bragg, N. C., and W, Curry is in the opposi^
service, the Navy.
E. J. Davis is a Student enginetmr with the People’s Gas, Light ai|i£ Coke Co. of Chicago. J. D. Fisher is giving his time and talent to the? Army and G. M. Fletcher is connected with the State department ii|,
Washington.
B. W. Gibson is also witlj, the? Army. A. C. Goerss is a chemiciilc engineer with the Trojan Powdor Co. of Allentown, Pa. A. J. Golden, is with the Army at Camp Shelbye J. P. Katz is an engineering drafts man at the Chicago plant of the Pullman Standard Car and Manq^ facturing Co. ^ J. J. Kaufman is a student en^** neer with the Texas Co. at Port thur, Texas. R. B. Koschmann isjiK service engineer working in the Ins dianapolis office of the Intemationtd' Business Machines Corporation. Bu E. Lakin is a production engineering trainee at the Wright Aeronaatic;|4 Corporation in Paterson, N. J. R. N. Land is a hydraulic engineer for the National Automatic Tool Gb.; of Richmond. O. J. Lessa is k conas- , bustion engineer for the RepubhueSteel Corp. of Chicago. J. C. MetConakay is engaged in engineeringi duties with the U. S. Naval Reserve in Washington, while J. G. Martbl is a junior engineer with the Bendin Corporation in South Bend. M. fc, Miers is in the Army. B. F. BBUmr IS a chemist at the Charleston plank of DuPont. ^ ^ C. E. Myers is a shingle ^ jc-usk spection foreman for Johns-Man* ville at Waukegan. P. E. Pontius iss a midshipman in the U. B. Navm rbn serve. G. V. Price is toacliing.4tik Jefferson High School. H-T. Rkmli»is a production engineer for^ tkei Cardox Corp, of Chicago. C. E^Rofe-J ertson is in the Army. I^. Q.^atil is an engineer with the Contraentkt' Electric Co. of Geneva, ID* , C. A. Shee1j| is on dqty mtii tbit Naval reserve. D. I. m teaching at the Barton Towushb^^ school. W. W. Stockton is aBLabSpebrtor for the Agricultural MarketilNic: Service at Indianapolis, and E. Jfe Tate is in the Navy Air Cor^ E. Teske is a soils investigator fbB the Indiana state highway comnUKsion. ? S. L. Thompson is a :&nn Jnw»e ager in Clinton county. B.’BJVli^el^ er is in the Army. G. F. Wiltiama^ a draftee. J. C. WiUsey is^enroUil^ in the General Electric*Company^ training coursW at Skiheneotad^
N.Y.
A. R. Willey is aVtuitenlr satea engineer for the West^iw Engineering Co., Chickgoy ilL -R. 4k Wilson is an apprentice en^eer fiaaa the Clark_ Equipment Co« anan, Mich., while E. H. Wr^bt is-it high school teacher at MontieoUm. -tiJ- <1*
YW Gives Tea Fur _ ^ And Counselors ThurfdlH /lAp'-vcpmen students, gsp^ialte counselors^ and counselees, balMq^ been invited to intend the YWQte “Saddle Shoe Te^in the Facolte L,ounge of the Union at 4 e’deite Thursday afternoon. ois; This informal tea will provide Ite oppoitunity for all wotn^ situdeuMf to meet the YWCA ofScer? 8«4 town women and wives (d fgieultiy members who are active in YHT fails. blfc Jane Julin, who is in .1#
I i r I
J',sigt
-Msil-'v.'l
as
'..Jf Vi
iMVr'
IK
if;r
air
i||i I®
Im^-
IS;
Iji ?P:
/
iiisiiay ‘>^;W . ‘~rlXv'~,'^
c
■■-f-
HAVE YOU BEEN
They’ve Got
EVERYTHING!
'V\w
'n
VALUES IN— • DRAWING SUPPLIES • FOUNTAIN PENS • PENCILS • GYM OUTFITS • STATIONERY • SPORTING GOODS • ART SUPPLIES • NOTE BOOKS • PENNANTS • NON-FICTION • I. E. S. STUDY LAMPS • GIFTS OF ALL KINDS
LEAVE YOUR MONEY AT DEAC’S FOR SAFE KEEPING. YOU CAN DRAW IT OUT DAY OR NIGHT ANY AMOUNT OR ALL.
NO CHARGE!
NOW IS THE TIME FOR FRESHMEN TO GET THEIR FRESHMEN POTS AT DEAC’S
Everything for a College Education
x_...
H. G.
ESTHIISIHD 19 0 8
H. G. RtlSHR
3ZS State Street
H. C. RIISNER, JR
-■ \ K-
<4