rt ‘it N !^ ^ ‘ll;* ; ^ ^ ‘ \ ''**?* ■’V' *" * “^ I ^ ^ I ■< >j^, t '-)?’/ ’^'•.v 'j* ^ I- ■’ , ^ I ’
1^'
"Stamp Out Axis" Newest Defense Campaign Slogan
Established 1889
X4!U(me4lt f Daily Since 1906
Vblume 53, No. 155
West Lafayette, Indiana
A /' t ’ If - 4
Coitinttfifctfiittiit
..v:
Announcements
On Sale April 3
''m
Tuesday, March 31,1^42
i
Seven Day "Flogging Trial Ends; Defendants Guilty
//
Mary C. MtGeathy Tf Speak At Special Convocation April 9
Lecturer Will Discuss Cbllege ^War Problems Mary "Craig McGeachy, attache of the British Embassy at \yashipgtoo, D. C., will discuss “The Challenge of Total War to Universities” before a special convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall on Thursday night, April 9, at 7i30. Miss McGeachy’s appearance here, which will be sponsored by Associated Women Students, will be open to the student body and general public without charge. Born In Canada A native of Canada and graduate of Toronto, Miss McGeachy has been closely associated with international affairs for fifteen years. After taking advanced studies at the Sorbonne, Paris, and the School of Higher International Studies of the University of Geneva in Switzerland, she became associated with the European Student Relief movement in 1928. In connection with her relief work, she visited continental universities in Prance, Spain, Switzerland, Italy, Austria, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, and Germany. I.ater, she was a mcmbet of the League of Nations Secretariat in Geneva for ten years, serving as Biitish Dominions’ liason officer. She was closely connected with the League’s work in connection with nutiition, inquiries into standards of living, comrneicial access to raw matciials, and refugees, and wiote many League publication.s on the subjects. She also seivcd as liason officer between the League of Nations and piivate intei national organizations, including the intei national organizations of women. Moved To London Following the outbieak of the war, she was transfeired to London where she was attached to the Ministry of Economic Waifaie and was sent to the United States in December, 1940, as an attache of the British Emba.ssy in Washington, D. C.
Beta Theta Pi
. . . social frateinity, announces the election and installation of the following officers: piesidcnt, Robeit H. Olson; vice-president, Donald W. Meier; treasui'cr, William II. Wooden; secretaiy, William L. Morgan; pledge master, Prank A. Farnsworth; athletic chan man, William E. Musselman; social chairman, George A. Corhus.
The five hundred persons who packed Judge Lynn Parkinson’s court room last night grew silent as the jury, eleven men and one woman, took their places in the jury box and read the verdict “guilty” for Mrs. Virginia Leslie and her husband. The defendants were accused before the Tippecanoe circuit court of flogging Miss Constance Davis, pretty school teacher at Longlois grade school on February 27 after their son Danny came home and told his parents that his teacher had struck him on the head with a book. The couple were sentenced to .30 days imprisonment and a fine of .f200 apiece. Daniel The Fox The trial, in the words of special prosecutoi for the state, sly Daniel “The Pox’’ Flanagan, “created more interest and received a larger press than any other similar event in the history of the court.’’ The case was unique, as was pointed out by attorney for the defense Francis Murphy, in that it was the first misdemeanor case ever tried before the Tippecanoe court, the maximum penalty for a verdict of guilty could be $1,000 and six months imprison-
ment.
' During the seven days of the trial the proceedings made fiont page nows on all the metropolitan, and iural-paper& in radius of over 200 miles, with prominent positions given to it also in several Washington and New York newspapeis. Plea Of Insanity Chief plea of the defense was that the defendant, Viiginia Leslie, at the time of the incident, sufl'ered from temporary insanity. She was described by her attormey as “seeing things that didn’t exist, healing things that had no origin, and being acted upon by an irrestiblc impulse,” as she pulled her son Danny’s Boy Scout belt out of her coat pocket and whipped Miss Davis in front of the school childien trembling in their seats. The state bi ought out the testimony that Mrs. Leslie’s husband stood at the door watching so that no one could enter. lie is charged with say-1 mg to Miss Davis, “You ate not going to get any help.” All the testimony was m by yesterday except that of Di. II. G. Buhimcstei, Lafayette physician who by an older' ol the court made an examination of Mis. Leslie as to the condition of hei sanity. The afternoon was spent by the state and defense in piesoiiting their final aigunients to the jury. Eailiei 111 the trial Danny had been pictured as an abused boy who suffered from heait disorders, hut the conti'oversy over the boy’s (See FLOGGKR page 4)
Pharmacists To Convene Here Today
Engineer Announces ’42 Staff
Youngblood Receives Editor's Post; Gerke Appointed Business Manager
Hanley Debate Closes Tonight In Fowler Hall
At 9 this morning, the annual meeting of the colleges and boards of pharmacy in this region will begin with pharmacy students and faculty members from eleven different colleges and universities attending. Dr. DeKay, of the University, is chairman of the college group which will convene at 10 for their conference. At this time. Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the Pharmacy School; Dr. S. J. Miller, head of student health service, and Dean E. R. Serdes, of the University of Illinois, will discuss a variety of subjects concerning college problems as part of pharmacy. ' A. Lee Adams, of the Illinois board of pharmacy, will lead the board of pharmacists group at 10 when Oscar E. Russell, Indiana Board of Pharmacy, will speak on maintaining present requirements lor registration on the Indiana board. A discussion will follow. In the afternoon, a joint meeting of the two groups will be held, when Jenkins, Lee and Adams will present addresses. Dean E V. Christensen, of Ohio State University and president of the American Pharmaceutical Association, will be the headline speaker, discussing “Pharmacy and the War” at the banquet tonight. Among others appealing on the two day program will be Russell Rothrock, Evansville, a member of the Indiana Board of Pharmacy; Harold 0. Darnell, Indianapolis, secretai y of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association; Dean E. H. Miles, of the Indianapolis College of Phaimacy; Prof. R. E. Terry and Prof. George L. Webster, University of Illinois; Plot's. L. D. Hinei and C. L. Williams ot Ohio State University; and E. M. Josey, secretary ot the Kentucky State Board of Pharmacy. Indiana diuggists arc invited to attend any or all of the sessions, Di. DeKay announced.
USNR Advances Two University Graduates
William Fiedcric Kurlo.ss, ME ’i2, vice-pi esident of the Joseph T. Ryerson and Son, Inc., Steel Company, has been made a LieutenantCommander in the United States Naval Reserve. According to the notice received by the Purdue Alumni Association, he will be stationed in Washington temporarily. Dexter C. Buell, secretary of the class of ’19, and ownci ot the Railway Educational Buieau, Omaha, Nebr., has also been called to Washington for active set vice He is also an officer in the Naval Reserve.
Symphonic Band Announces Annual Honorary Musicianship Rankings
By II. W. KocR
Every yeai at this time the outhtanding musicians of the Puidue Symphonic Band are honoted by appointment to a lank of musicianship and given an appiopiiate medal. Yesterday Piotcssor Emiick appointed Captain J. E. Crim, Bvt. 'Captain C. R. Watson, and 2nd Lieutenant P. J. Leiningei as Chief Musicians. Accoiding to Spotts, these men have shown a high degree of proficiency in the playing of their instruments and have advanced their knowledge and apiweciation of music. Crim Made Captain Captain Crim plays an alto clarinet. Recently he was apiiointed assistant director of the band. As Captain of the band he has had the respect and admiration of his subordinates and colleagues alike. Crim is from Winchester. He will graduate this Siummer from the Public Service Engineering School,
then he intends to join the United Slates Navy. \ Bvt. Captain C. R. Watson is the liand’s “man oi all tiades ” lie has conducted the Vaisity Band at the basketball games and othei oc-| casioiis. Ills cl)iet mlcicst is the percussion section, however. Anything fiom tamboLiiin to bass dium IS his specialty. Bvt Captain Watson IS from Indianapolis and is a senior ni the School of Mechanical Engineei ing. 2nd Lieut. P. J. Leiningei is the concert master of the band. lie is the one who plays the cadenzas dining the band’s conceit season. He IS also in charge of the technical detail which repans the instruments and other propei ty of the band. Leininger is from Columbia City, noted foi its excellent high school liand. He is a junioi in the School of Chemical Engineering and a member of the Catalyst Club. The following men have been /'
Six Students Compete In Fowler Hall At 7:30
Six engineering students will compete this evening in the Hanley Speech Contest to be held in ^Fowler Hall at 7 ;30. The public is invited to attend the program. After proving their ability in the preliminaries last week. Bill Peters, Bill Gaugh, Don Sinish, Maurice Udes, Lew Cohen, and Dick Delong will vie for the $100 prize money to be distributed in defense bonds. These engineers have chosen some economic phase of engineering as their topic. First on the program is Lew Cohen who will discuss “Keep the Trades Routes Open”; next will be Delong whose subject is “Cost of the Wai.” Following this speech, Gaugh will address the audience on “Locomotive Speedometer for Fuel Economy”; Bill Peters will state the facts on “Mounting Surpluses in Latin America” while Don Sinish’s subject is “Little Man What Now?” Last Maurice Udes will present ‘^The Economy of the War.” Hanley Sponsor W. A. Hanley, sponsor of the contest, IS a University Mechanical ’ll graduate, who joined the Board of Trustees in Decembei, 1940. In 1935, he suggested that the University have an annual contest “so that cnkineei ing students would be moie intei ested in loaining how to speak correctly.” In his job as chief engineer for Eli Lilly in Indianapolis, it has been his experience “to find that college and especially engineers have good ideas, but seldom can piesent their suggestions to others because of their speaking ability.” For this reason, in 1930’37, the tourney was stalled, Hanley piesenting the piize money. This tune the first awaid will be a $25 defense bond, the second $15. Other awards amount to $00 will bo given. Hanley is a Sigma Phi Epsilon, a memlier of Tau Beta Pi honorary Ho joined ASME while at the Univeisity, and later became national president. Faculty Present It IS the lulo that a membei from each oi the economics, speech departments and seveial of the engineei ing faculty bo piesent to judge the contest. This ycai, Pi of. P. E. Lull and Prof. A. 11. Moiiioe will leprosent the Speech Department; Pi of R. G. Thomas, the department of histoiy, economics and government; and Piofs. H. G 'Venemann, of the School of Mechanical Engineering and C L. Lovell, of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineei ipg. Gcoige Zissis will be genoial chan man.
given the honoiary giade of Superior Musicians: R. A. Spienger, bass; R. K. Cast, bassoon; II. W. Koch, oboe; A .C Flackbeit, flute; R. B. Cliffoid, clarinet; and R. J. Cocis, Pcicussion. Band Men Honored The following men have been given the honoiaiy grade of Principal Musicians: P. J. Fenil, bantone; P. T. Hemlei, cornet; D. C. Ross, clannet; M. F. Anderson, cornet; G. C. Huffman, Fiench hoin; R. L. James, trombone; P. M. Patterson, cornet; J. A. Shaw, clannet; and W. A. Cheney, flule. The following' men have been given the honoiary grade of Musician: J. G. Byois, W. A. Hammer, R. 0. Shideler, W. E. BrowP, R. W. Hemmingsen, N. H. Witte, R. L. Martin, F Bass, B. J. Ford, P. N Skinner, R. E. Hill, W. C. Lindstiom, C E. States, A E. Reynolds, P. O. Dodge, G. M. Palmer, W. Resnick.
Seniors inusi place orders lor commencement announcements by Friday, April 3 at 10 p. m. at Deac’s, Southworth’s or a( Hie Hniversily Book Store. Price (casli when ordered): Leather, 35c; Cardhoaid, 15c; Folders, 5c. For extra tickets send to Gala Week (’ommittee, in care ol the Student Senate, Purdue Memorial Union, West Lafayette. Include names and towns of those you wish to have tickets, also state relalion if any. —Gala Week CommiHee
Lambda Chi Alpha
JoeT. Youngblood
Prom Tickets Sales To Open At 8 Today In Cashier's Office
Prom ticket sales open this morning at 8 and will continue until 4:30 p.m. Juniors may purchase tickets today and tomorrow, juniors may purchase them on Thursday and Fiiday and all students may purchase them on Satin day. The tickets are available in the Cashiei’s Office at the same hours each day. Price will be $2.20 including tax, and all persons must have passports in order to get tickets. Spivak To Play Chailie Spivak, whoso orchestra IS scheduled for the Prom, has played his trumpet m many wellknown bands such as the Doisey Brothers, Ray Noble, Bob Crosby, and Jack Teagaiden. Although his band has been organized only two years, it is reported that his popularity has been steadily increasing. Spivak played at the Glen Island Casino- foi an iinpiocodented run in 1940. Last August ho was selected to play at the seventh annual Harvester’s Ball m Madison Sqiiaie Gaiden, alteinating with Xavier Cugat. Spivak’s music will be leatured over WBAA on luncheon-time peiiods.
Omicron Nu, y. C. Meredith To Hold Dinner
Commencement Announcements
R. B. Stewart Returns From Research Survey
. . . social fiaternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Lawience W. Kohlmeyei, Fostei B. Gauker, Indianapolis; William E. Fiemgcn, Hamilton, Ohio; Aithur II. Lange, Roy B. Miner, W. Lafayette; Arthui W. Christy, James M. Dunn, Indianapolis; Walter H. Wilson, Anderson.
Joe T. Youngblood, a junior in the Electrical Engineering School, was elected Edi-tor-in-Chief of next year’s Purdue Engineer, it was announced last night by the governing board of the publication. Youngblood is president of the Kneale Cooperative House and also a member of Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu, Reamers and Scabbard and Blade. Business Manager for the coming year will be Richard P. Gerke, who is a junior in the Chemical Engineering School and a member of Beta Sigma Psi social fraternity, Inter-frater-nity Presidents’ Council and Catalyst club. Other Officers Associated with these two men aie Ellen J. Zeigler, Managing Editor; Lewis A. McDonald, Associate Editor and Richard Salzer, Associate Editor. Zeigler is a junior in the Civil Engineering School and a member of Triton Club and WRH. McDonald and Salzer are both juniors in the Chemical Engineering School and are members of Triangle social fraternity and Cary Hall respectively. The five new members of the junior editorial staff are as follows: Donald G. Frier, Robert A. Winslow, Jack T. Kimbrell, Robert E. Kyle and William B. Hile. Completittg the staff of jnnior'officers are John E. Goode, Arthur J. Coburn, Gene Nicholson and Frank D. Peel. These men will woik on the Engineer business staff. Published Monthly During the coming year the Engineer will be published monthly, including the summer semester; and in the fall the publication will be hosts to the annual convention of the Engineering College Magazines Association. Representatives from 27 different engineering colleges will be present at the convention. Next Tuesday,'Apiil 7, the publication will hold call-outs for freshmen and sophomore woikers for both the ed4torial and business .staffs. This meeting will take place in the Engineer office at 4 p.m.
Richard P. Gerke
University Defense Stamp Drive Opens; Goal Is $15,000
“Stamp out the Axis” is the slogan of the Univei-sity’s defense stamp drive which opened officiaUy Saturday with the T. Dorsey co|ivoeation and mixer. This drive, which has been approved by the Executive Board, has set up two goals, the first being a total sale for the semester of $16,000. The second goal is 100 per cent participation of all the students. War Council Aids A War Council sub-committee has worked out the plan for the drive. In' the next tw'o weeks members of this committee and their assistants will visit all the fraternities, sororities, cooperative houses and residence halls. Th<<y will ask for individual contributions from the students as well aa from the organizations. Students may buy their stamps when the solicitors call or may sign a pledge to give a certain amount each we^ Professors Lull, Winch and Horn of the speech department have organized a group of thirty eds and coeds who will go to the various house to give information about the many phases of the war drive. Similar groups of students have been oiganized at the University of Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois and Wayne University in Detroit.
PIA Election Rules
Independents Vote Today
Annual all home economic dinner sponsoied by Omicion Nu, home economics honoiaty, and Virginia C. Meredith Club, will lie held tonight at (5:30 in the cafetciia pf the Home Economics Building. The piogram will include a speech by Dr. Beatiicc Geiger, head of the home economics department at Indiana University, on the “Home Economists and the Present Situation,” the jiresentation of tlie Omiiion Nu award to tlie most outstanding freshman in home economics last year, honoiing of the initiates of Omicron Nu and recognition of active membeis of Virginia C. Meredith Club. New officeis of Omicron Nu and Virginia C. Meredith will be introduced; and Marvin Smith, soloist with the Concert Choir and the Men’.s Glee ('’liib, will sing. Tickets aie 50 cents and arc on sale in soioiity houses, the lesidcncc halls, and in the office of the Home Economics Building. All women students aie invited to attend.
R. B Slewait, Univoisity comptrollei, has letuined to the campus from a coast-to-coast siiivey of the loseaich pi ejects being conducted by educational 11181111111011-, to aid in the nation’s wai effort. Stewait was head"of the committee of college business otficeis which made this suivey for the Ottiev of Emergency Manage in en t.
PIA members and independent students will go Ito the polls today in the foyer outside the west entrance to the South Ballroom between the hours of 7:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. to elect officers and ward chairmen for the next year. All independent students will be allowed to vote for ward chairmen except those living in the residence halls and their annexes. Only PIA members will be allow'ed to vote for the officers. Candidates Candidates for the offices and ward chairmanships of the Purdue Independent Association in the election today are as follows: president, Dick Sleeper and Oscar Lappi; vice-presi-dent, Norman Augsburger and Jim Pecsok; secretary, Mar-> garet Young and Mabel Vaughn; treasurer; Jim Bray and Bert Squires. Maxine Abshier is running unopposed for coedexecutive. Candidates for the various wards are: southward; Ernest Fink and Fred Glaney; northward, George Paine, Walt Thoni* as and Seth Wheatby; upward, Billy Savory and Jim Parsons J westward, Fred Tegeler and Jack Comer; inward, Ed Dierdorf and Emma Legenby; foreward, Robert Plummer and John Santos ; and hereward, Don Gault and Don Stoner. Election Rules Rules for the election as set up by the PIA Executive Boatd are: 1. There will be no campaigning about the polls by anyone. 2. Passports will be necesstiry to vote for wai'd chairmen and membership cards to vote for the officers. 3. Polls will be open from 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m'. 4. All independent students not living in the residence halls or their anne.xes may vote for ward chairman and only PIA members for the officers. Next Monday, the newly elected officers and ward chairmiUi sitting in conjunction with the retiring Board will appoint the new hoard for the next year. All officers and executive members will be formally installed at the PIA-Independtint banquet on Monday, April 13.
riili
-. i
'tv
Purdue Exponent
Tuesdayf March SI, 1942
<^mSIIM10M MEiiy-60-R0UHD
.^10 LefHsl-s Demand! iroiran Prices, Wages; Standi Against Lewis WASHINGTON Maich 10—The decifeioti to give up double pa\ foi and hohdaj voik in vai wasn’t the onl\ thing that happened at the closcd-dooi meetof the CIO executive boaid Thfere was a lot moic that vasnt retfeaSod to the pres«i One sensational item v as the de mind of left-wing leadeis that puces hnd "Wages be fiozen Believe it dr hot, but the hottest clamoieis for freezing prices and wages weie Harry Bridges, Austialian-Boin Ibtigshoreman leader, and Joe Cuifadieal head of the seamen CIO tind AFL leaders have vigorduhly Opposed this. The leftists, hdWisyer, once turbulent isolationi^tU'^bUthow redhot allouters since thfe RUssO-Nazi 'War, loudly dephatidied a CIO stand in favor of di[*iistic regulation f time We formulated a constructive war polic3,” shouted Harr^ Bridges “We ought to take the lead instead of being pushed to -do things We should declare lor freezing prices and wages, t^e payment of overtime in defense bonds, and against slowdowns. Let’s put an end to this putty squabbling among ourselves and concentrate all our efforts on winning the « ar ’’ Joe Cun an burh head of the Gi eater New York Indiistiial Un ion Council echoed Budges’ dc mandb, also demanded a baie-knuck le stand tow aid John L Lewis “Lewis and his gang lecently withdiew the chaitei of a big New Yoik local,” Cuiian declaied “foi no othei leasoii than that the Local wouldn’t kowtow to him I’m foi the CIO giving this LocSl a chaitei and defying Lewis and his ciew ’ Note Neithei Lewis noi any of his henchmen attended the boaid meeting • Lewis' Dun Lewis’ dun foi Ijil 650 000 winch he claims the CIO owes the United Mine Woikeis aUo came in toi bit tei woids J R Bell his bi othei in law and CIO controllei was loiccd to admit that until Lewis demanded lepaj ment the sum had not been earned on the CIO books as a debt Also, CIO piesident Phil Munay bluntly questioned the validity of the debt
■The Ratio— 3.93 i • • to 1
that Repiesentative William J Filzgeiald of Connecticut threatened to quit the committee Pieviously, Ropiesentatne Chailes Hal leek of Indiana had stalked out of a healing on “fiic insuiance lates,” chaiging It had nothing to do with small business pioblems What irked Fitzgerald was Patman’s refusal to delve into charges that Fraser M MLoffatt, Jr , chief of the WPB alcohols unit has helped bring on the sugar shortage bj permitting the conversion of lai ge quantities of Cuban sugar into industrial alcohol instead of using huge U S gram surpluses for this purpose Moffatt admitted to the committee that his division was “not advocating anv loans for adding gram handling equipment at the piesent time,” but contended that he had “nothing to do” with the earmarking of approximately 800 000 tons of Cuban sugar onethird of this >eai’s ciop, for con-
version purposes
When Richaid C Cooke, piesident of the New England Small Business Association who handled the sugai healings foi the committee asked il he could question Moffatt and othei dollai a yeai witnesses about then “business connections ” Pat man leplied cuitly “Absolutely not
You aiG not a law\ei ”
Note Patman also expunged fiom the lecoid the testimony ot Guy Holcomb, aggiessive young chiel of the Justice Dcpai tment’s small business division Holcomb hid chaiged that the WPB was dis eliminating against small films such as bakeiies, which need sugai, and suggested that the committee pi oho the “coipoiate alliances oi in teiests” of dollai a-yeai men hand ling the sugai pi oblcm All this was
stiickon fiom the lecoid • Merry-Go-Round
The Biazilian Govcinment is looking foi clandestine ladio sta tions in the inteiioi which aie tip ping off the Axis on the dopaitiiie of U S boinbeis to Afiica Half an hoiii befoi t a bombci leaves they seem to know all about it in the Wilhelmsti asso Haid hit tin< Haiold Moskovit is oiganiz ing a meeting ot New Yoik Young Dcmociats in Schenectady in Apiil to put some new juice in the Demo ciatic Paity Maishill Dimock associate commissionei of Iinmi giation has been asked by Con giessman 0 Connoi of Montana to
If Clark can do it, we can too Think we’ll call this ‘In and Out of the Beer Bucket ” By Omar As spiing engulfs oui tan civic centei with its lovely white, deli cate caipet of slush and ice, the campus seems to have awakened and IS level berating with the buoy ant calls of youth and stuff
Personnel Notes
, If any senioi is inteiosted m an inteiview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request foi Inteiview” caids, a supply of which is in youi school office You will be notified by caid fiom the Personnel Office when to schedule an inteiview Ranger Aircialt Engine Co, Faimingclalc, L I, NY Maich 11 and Apiil M E , May, August, and Decembei giacluates Schedule an inteiview in the Peisonnol Office immediately DuPont Company, Wilmington, Del, PhD Chemists and ChE Sign up in PersoniiGl Office befoi o Apiil
2
Brewster Aeionautical Corp, Johnsville, Pa , ME Sign up in Pei sonnel Office befoic Apiil 1 Sinclair Refining Co , E Chicago, lud ME Sign up in Personnel Of fice befoi e Api il 1 Zenith Radio Corp, Chicago 111 EE majoiing in communications foi summei woik Sign up in Pei sonnel Office befoi e Apiil 1 Wincharger Corp , Sioux City, la (subsidaiy ot Zenith Radio Coip)
Today On WBAA
'■I' I
SCOUTIE THE with Judy McCullouqh
EE inteiested in dynamotois, small
diaina ot the Theta front poich goes gcneiatois and motois Sign in Pci on and on Meaning Gerry O’Neil sonnel Office beioic ApiH 1 and Kenny Geiaid The latest ovel Worthington Pump and Machin-
eiv Corp, Haiiison, N J ME Ch E and EE Sign up in Pei sonnel Ot
fice befoie Apiil 1
Fairchild Aviation C orp J imaica, N Y MF and EE Sign in Piisonnel Oflice bofoic Apiil 2 Leeds and Norlhnip C o , Phila delphia Pa ME Sign up in Pii sonnel Office bcloie Ihmsday,
Apiil 9
Bell -Vircratt ( oi p Buffalo, N Y Apiil 16 ME Sign in Peisonnol Olhec betoie Apiil 15 Gult Refining Company, Indianap-
heid fiom these two was “And after!! spent a whole afternoon teaching you those new holds ”
f- y
Vern ‘Blazeface” Hossellmaii was lecently accosted on an afternoon out of town by an eldeily lady who demanded to know Why he wasn’t in the aimy “I can’t afford it,” said Hoss Anothei thing Ask him why
he falls asleep on dates
Ileie aic a few pinnings to show that such goings on are still pop
ulai Bob Weigel of Tenj Hou^c Indiana Coming Apiil IMF has planted his pm on Pi Phi Ginny p g j] ^Iso Juniois in the up
pel oil 11 tei
WOlk
ot class, foi summci
Reynolds, Roz Dill has taken the jeweliy ot Noim Beeman, Beta Bill Reckman did the job on Kappa Marion Lively and Theta Leah Burket IS now wealing the Alpha Chi Rho
baidwaio of Dare McMillan
Peggie Davis got hei wiicb Glossed lecently and called up one Shield ev \ntoii to ittend a Mortar Board tea Seems that tiicncl Anton had pietty good giades and such and was a logical candidate toi the club Imagine tan Miss Davis’ sui pi ISO when said Anton turned out to be an Alpha Chi Rho' No Peg
the name wasn t Shirley
Sig Ep Guv Eugene Vdams has
staited a new custom ovei in the including poctiy shoit s<- ly
scientific cbbiy, Indiana histoiical
Entrants In Scrivener Contest Must Hand In Papers Before April 5 All intiies toi the fifteenth an nual litci ay contest sponsored by Sciivcnm Club i iiist be handed in at loom 108 01 loom 205A ot Univci
sity H ill b\ Api il 5
Those minu'.ciipts miy cont i i wilting OI many classes ot litci i
and pointed out that most ot it was ^dinit extia Mexican laboi this sum
mei toi sugai beet hai vesting How Gvei, it looks as it no extia Mexi cans would be admitted Interned Japs Geiinans and Italians will be
used instead
(Copyiight 1942 by United Tea tine Syndicate Inc ) Patent Attorney Will Talk To ASME John A Diennei patent attorney tor the Umveibity will be the sptakci at the icgulu meeting ot the Ameiican Society ot Mechanical I ngiiiecis tonight it 7 10 in loom 207 ot the Mechanic il Lngineeiing Building The topic ot his talk will be “Patent Law and Its Relation to the Enginoei ” Diennci was ilso spcakci it list ycai s All Engineei
binquct
Major Feuquay To Speak Before POMM Today At 4 Majoi Fciiquay, ot the Univcis ity mihtaiy staff will speak betoic the nicmbeis ot the Puidiie Oidci ol Militaiy Mciit today at 4 p m in loom 106 ol the Atinoiy Majoi rciinuay was toiincily st i tioiicd li Foit Biagg Noith faio lina and will tell ot his cxpeiicnces thcie in oidei to acquaint the mil ilaiv students with hie at i 1 igc aiiny post
mcuried while Lewis was head ot
the CIO
Murray also indicated that he was prepared to go over Lewis’ head and put up to the UMW membership directly whether they approved Lewis’ dun Mur rav said he knew Lewis had acted without the approval ot the mm
ers
The mo^^t sensational feature ot the discussion was the bitter attack on Lewis’ stand bv Van Bit Iner, head of the West Virginia UMW. Lewis IS secretly gunning for Bittner’s scalp, but Bittner made no bones of his defiance of the miner tzar, and the CIO lead ers listened to him with open
mouthed astonishment
Note- Both Mill ray and Bittnei are on the UMW payroll, but they won’t be foi long They aie slated to be elected piesident and vice piesident of the Steel Woikeis at then convention in May, attci which they will quit their UMW jobs • Pussyfooting Probe Repiesentative Wiight Patman of Texas is tiying to keep it quiet but a hot low has hioken out in his Small Bii'-incss CoinniitUc Scvcial meinbeis aie up in aims ovci th( Texan’s “coddling” ol dollai a ycai moguls accused ol disci iniin iting
against little business men
Feelings became so loilcd duiing the healings on the sug u shoit igc
M L school by bunging his pin gal Kate \de to class with him It bungs all the bovs to class at least
But that s all
Hcics anothci talc ot those wild
Mechanicals Seems that it the be
ot the scmestci some blight
essay intoimal essay and the '•* on play Pi mo-, yvill be given ii c icn
one ot these fields
Awaids will be announced on t special ladio piogiam to be fi 1 1 m Apnl 11 and aUo the piizcs toi the Winteiiovvd scnioi litciaiy contest
lad swiped 1 cl iss caid toi 101 and g>'cn at this time The Sciiv
insciibed the name ‘Giiildersleeve ’ on it The hoax continued toi quite sonic time—with someone always answciing foi him yyhen the loll yv lb called ind tal mg dailies toi him too BUT Mi Guildei sleeve didn t take the lioiii test oi hand in the cl iss pioject So Guildy got a yellow slip Hoiiois and stiifl' The payoff came when the Rcgnti u lopoitod theio w is no Guildcisleeve in the Univcisily Ncv\ how could tint ho po sibk Think well tiansfci to the Science school William Wolf” Ogden was Ik iid softly singing to hiinbclt on cam pus the othci day ‘ I don’t want to set the world on tire just the Itula hoiKc ” Cim’t undcistiiid it Buy youi Uaslci unitoims ciily, childicn Only 29 inou shopping d lys till I iliy i Dr. F.B. Knight head ot the division ol educy lion ind applied psychology, spoke at the annual meeting ot the Ainti lean Association ol Optomctiists in Cincinniti Sunday
cnci a V ai ds v ill be in detc nsc boiuN and stamps contiaiy to tl c piocc I me in picvious ycais w’l i i ish pii/Gs yvcie given the winneis Piesident Llliott will speak on the piogiam which is icplacmg the banquet u-iually hch' loi this pui
pose
The Winteiiowd contest v 1 i c winncis will also lie innounc 1, s i libi 11 y competition toi sent is Pii/(s will be given to those with the most j.omplLti collection ot books on any single theme Mi Wintciiowd will picsont the pii/es which wcie to be given by ti 1 Ui William Wintei 1 ow d 07
TUESDAY 9 45 News
10 00 “English History” with Pi of V L Albjeig 10 60 WBAA Presents
10 66 News
11 00 Moining Matinee 11 15 The Bookman 11 10 Sam Hamilton—pianist 11 50 Pill due News
11 66 News
12 00 Agi icultiii al Forum 12 10 Meet the Band
12 55 News
1 00 Parents’ Foium 1 16 Souveniis
1 30 Script
1 46 Markets
1 55 News
2 00 Stoi y a Day 2 15 Lest We Foiget 2 30 Virginia Uliey—singei 2 45 Treasure Chest
2 55 News 3 00 Music
3 15 Afternoon Melodies 1 10 Musical Round Up
3 55 News
4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 15 Heaid in the Hallway 4 30 Meet Yom Navy 4 45 The Cuiio Man
4 50 Music 4 55 News
5 00 lust Relax 5 15 Employment Seivico 5 10 Vespers 5 45 Little Miss Muffott
5 55 Nows
6 00 Dinnei Horn 6 10 Spoi ts Review 6 45 Magic Caipct
0 66 News
7 00 Religious Diami 7 10 Carolyn Wood—singer
7 46 Music 7 55 Nows
8 00 The Faimci in Civilian Dc tense—Mi Pcishing—Icadoi ot the Foiuin
8 10 Music
8 45 Eventide Echoes
8 55 News
9 00 Musitana
9 55 News
10 05 Off the An Reamers Will Sponsor Show lo Raise Funds For Intramural Awards Rcainci flub will sponsoi a show at the Lafayette thoatic next Tliuisday, Fiiday and Satin day it was announced list Satuiday by Chuck Hansen committee chan man to laist tunds foi the iiiti i mm al spoils awaids ‘Yank on the Burma Road with Lauiaine Da,v in the feminine lead, will be pie‘y?nted on these thiee days and the tickets may be ob tamed toi both matinee and eve ning shows at the usual puces All tunds laised by this plan will bo donated to the intiannual dc paitmcnt toi use in pin chasing the awaids and tiopines to be given it the close ot the season Tickets must be pin chased tiom the mcm bei s ot the club to be ol any value as only these special tickets will
bo totaled
PuJiduiL £xpomjnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post ofiice in Lafayette Indiana, uiidei the act ol Congress ot March 3, 1879, and at the special rate ol postage provided ten in section 1101, act ol October I, 1917, authorized January 20 1922 I’uhlished daily CA.cept Monday during Hu regular academic year and weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by lairier loi SI 50 pei yeai mail subscriptions 00
Editiir II) ( hieJ Ne^h I dilur Maxia^ iiiL ) J f ir
John I Amos Don i Itropiy John II Armstrontf j J i t I
iiusiHiKs M ina)..! r ( iH ul ilion M 111 1 Sports I dilor Alu
William D Millard Ktn K (ijtmit Ted t lark
Publicafton Staff rditonai Staff U W ' wull U I fill/ \V < H si i A J' llunl r I) O 1 litu V\ 1 KiitU Sports Staff 1-t J ! ri u I J S Uiws) 1 I K iri ft W K i ( oed Staff Sil]> n ! n 111 U( ill I in I i cr I) P il o
Business Staff ( o(d Husiiuss Martit,ir Itili Mailiit Ad^crtlH!nK Manaj,trs J M Winht 1) I f linson (iriuiution ManuLcr ( Ii Kliumin Aciounts ManuKtr ii > f n n)., iunior Coed Munattrs IDtn Cliik ] iik Korn
Fliones* Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P M , 5377
it pitKcriUd f r r itiinal alvcrtisint, hj N iti) ink StiVKv liK Puhhshtis U pit < Mail-) in A\c N'Pw Ytil N ^
Ul) Adviitjh it itiv< s 1 /O
Nlflit Editor Hoakina viy Ckfiior Beall
Staff For This Issue
Spurts I ditor Brtwtr UeporttrH Iichnwn I
Issue i ditjr frtymaii
yniin Dims Sthucidfr
f 1 ha dbf I I () 1 V 1 nil n A 1 tirri iii Mjll i
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
JOAN BENNETT
GEORGE SANDERS
'Son ot Monte Crislo' — inJ — RED BARRY — m — 'KANSAS CYCLONE' also
“Holt of the Secret Service," Scriall
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
EXTRA' SPECIAL' “DON’T TALK” A "Crime Doesn't Pay" Featurette
m¥m£m TODAY - WEDNESDAY
VANISHING VIRGINIAN
Ii
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE A PICTURE YOU'LL LONG REMEMBER
'9 iKii PICTURE
PLUS
A Team As Explosive As His Blazing Guns HUMPHREY BOGART MARY ASTOR — in — "MALTESE FALCON"
FROM PHOTOGRAPH TO PHONOGRAPH . . . It used to be the photogiaph ulbum that letaincd those pieciou4 inemoiHs, but now Southn.or^h\ suggest anothci means, why not keep youi meinoiies of the T Doisey hall preserved on wax with iccoids from the Tommy Doisey collolftion T he Rccoid Spot suggests siieh disc favOiites fis This Love of Mine, Tin Gt^tting Sentinienttil, Whdth This Thing CatlAd Love^, Little White Lies, and Em-
hiacenhle You
NOTICE TO SENIORS: Giaduation cap and gown lentals aie going i’asl al the low itile of one dollar and a half Be ture to diOji m soon and leave voui oidei—then von can foiget all about it until
the big day '
WOULD ’JA LIKE TO BE A GLAMOURPUSS . . . land what gal wouldn t’ ) It’s a well-established fact that those laudalile "'enticing chaims” we've heard so mtich about begin with a lovely complexion—and though you may not yet know It, It’s also a fact that the w ay to a lovely complexion IS the piopoi eaie of the skin fiom the verv fust “oosiuetio days” Foi a limited time only—meaning thioughout the piesent week—-Loeb’s cosmetic depaitment is offeiing all Fiances Denny piepaiations, exelnding lipstick and lOuge, at the baigain piiee of one dollai eaeh This includes elcanseis. fie=heneis, lotions, foundation and night cieams, povvdois, anel special ticatments Unicpiely disguised as a wee small booklet, and healing the title “'Do-rc-ml,” Fiances Dennv lipstick (ornes as thiee sticks in throe flattering shades at the attiactne piue of one dollai and a half BE A GOOD EGG . . . y\ud itmemliei ‘’youi little Iiunny" al Enstei time with a (ompaft fiom Lochles'' Pieseiitina compacts in all sizes-—fiom the yeiv tiniest to the sophisticated huge ones' all s/m/les—including lound, oval, sqiiaie, icclangtilai, and novellv styles' all colors—-and deooiations, including pastel handpamtings, gold and silvci etched, saddle Icathei, mothei-ol-pcail, and a stiik* mg led and hlac’k oomhuiation' A hitol an inilhvation aic the liukv ‘ pictuie-pacts" which look mneh like a ooinpac t, but aie preividcd with I'Oitin foi tvv'o piclineb A convenient means ot oaiivmg youi favorifps vvilb you .it all limes' This lovely aiiav ot Elgin Ameiioan eolnpaets olleis a yvide vaiiety in selection pi iced liom one dollai thntv-five ccnlh to Ic n dollain WALTZ ME AROUND AG\Ii\ WILLIE . . . may have been hep liack in tlic “good old days', but }iisl give any young tihippersnapper a Ficddy Maitin leeortling of I Look 4t Heaven (when I look at you) and it will leally knock him out' Based on Giieg's Concert In A Minor, this Bluehiid leeoiding featuies the unusual romhination of that =moothy- Dinah Shoie with Ficddy iVIaitin’s ^ oichestia Apiopos ol the season, Ilaiiy James has® done a lunelul liil ol leeoiding with Columlii.i, and ^ the niimhci is Ijoster Petacle that old familiai Tn ^oui Eabtoi Bonnet", in a slow smooth sweetness Though tlie leeoid has no vocals thev’ll nevei be missed, "cause Haiiv ( lines’ tinmpet sings' ^
TODAY-WED
SOME ROMANCE AND GAY FUN' ITS HIGH WIDE AND THEN ClaudeUe COLBEI^T Ray MILLAND Brian AHERNE
Binn.c BARNES - Walter ABEL
KiiRji That FASHIOK LOOK
Look as ii yoiiM slojijx^d ri^hi out ol' a i'ashioii Jyook iiilo llu* sjirinji; [laratk*. llavo your clollu's <lyr rk'aiiod anti keoj) ihoiii looking sniaiT. Tlioy’li Iasi loiijrer loo aiitl il’s ])alrio(i(‘ lo hr ocoiioiiiirak
Norlliwcfllci 11 at Vine
Phone dO«l
Puy Defense Savings StampsPiirdue
Exponent
' - ^ .•'_^ 1'"‘>''',U^» ^ V
Relying on the strength of a strong first half lead, Phi Delta Theta’s Class “B” basketball squad trounced Sigma Phi Epsilon, 20-12, in the finals of fraternity hardwood competition in the Eieldhouse last night. Paced by big Phil Murray, Phi Delt senior guard who sank four field goals for eight points, the “State Street Boys” stepped into a convincing lead early in the first period. The sig Eps found the basket easy to miss and hard to hit as they garnered a single goal in the first half, guard Rip Landers tossing it in on a fast break down the floor. Keen Defense —:— ^—
Phi Delt basket accui-acy and keen defensive taGties'accounted for the second Phi Delt basketball championship of the year. Class “A” competition saw the Phi Delta Theta hardwood machine cash in on the Signia Chi’s five to the tune, of 28-7 to cop the,net crown. Big John^Petty and Swede Anderson, fePE •baekfield stars on the 1941 .gridiron squad, were completely tiedfUp and Petty failed to score ‘from' either the field or the charit;^ line. Anderson accounted for one Sig Ep_ basket. 12-3 At Half Following the intermission, at which time the score stood at 12-3 in favor of the Phi Delts, the Sig Eps made a desperate attempt to get back into the race. Jim Evans and Melville Rogers sparked the SPE’s as the score closed to 12-7, but phi Delta Theta’s five again turned oh the heat and pulled away. The champions took things easy the last two minutes of play and coasted into their 20-12 championship victory. The Sig Eps missed nine out of 11 free throw attempts and the Phi
Delts five out of 11. Also last night, in the SCA semifinal round of basketball play. Marwood’s title seeking five walked over the Circle Pines quintet, 23-12, in a fast contest. Eli Partridge, Marwood senior guard, paced the Co-op finalists with four field goals and three charity tosses for 11 points. Smith paced the losers with
three.
Results of the Phi Delt-Sig
game:
PHI DELTA THETA (20) PG FT Link, f. 2 Coon, f. 1 Adams, c 0 Devine, g 0 Murray, g. 4
JfUL (OaisA. SwdhsL
Ted Clark
Baseball—If The Would Only Let
for Butler
St. ioe Practice Weather Halts
Ep
HATS OFF DEPARTMENT: Raise the lid for Dutch Fehring, Boilermaker baseball coach. Fehring knows that unless the gods perform some unlooked for miracles his club is going to be short on hitting this spring. To compensate for this he sets lip just about every possible game situation in daily practice sessions.
PF
1 3 1 2
YESTERDAY MORNING officials at St. Joseph College called off the game scheduled here for that afternoon. The weather again. With anything like an even break from the skies there will be a baseball game on Ross-Ade field today ... perhaps there will be another one over on Russell field if enough St. Joe players turn up.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
iversitv Book Store
ArroHD I''i-oin Union Saiiirnoni *29 “Doc
Totals
7
SIGMA PHI
EPSILON
EG
Petty, f
; 0
Rogers, f
....: 0
Gifford, f
0
Auddx'sen, c.
1
Landers, g. ..
2
Thompson; g.
.; 0
Evans, g
2
Totals ......
5
G
8
THE BASEBALL SQUAD ADJOURNED to the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon and drilled on bunting and infield practice. Everyone had a turn at dumping the ball at alb spots on the infield.
(12) ■ FT 0 1 1 0 0 0 0
pp '0
FEHRING SET UP SITUATIONS with men on all bases and emphasized the proper base to throw to when an infielder scooped up a bunt.
IT MIGHT BE WELL to tell something of Dutch’s career. He took part in baseball, football and basketball here at Purdue and was one of the outstanding tackles in Boilermaker football!history. After graduation Dutch went up for a trial with the Chicago White Sox in his accustorhed position of catcher, And Dutch was a good catcher, but he couldn’t hit major league pitching. But for that he might still be in big league baseball and'Purdue might have another baseball coach . .'. but not like the Dutchman. 4
Scoi'e at half: Phi Delta Theta, 12; Sigma Phi Epsilon, 3. Officials: Referee, Rafl’erty; Umpire, Gates.
Comfort and Security Away from Home
HOTEL FOWLER
Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned ! 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
REMEMBER WHEN BILL TERRY was manager of the New York Giants? That’s not so long ago, but Terry and his strategy wCre not very popular-beyond Coogan’s Bluff, He had his boys manufacture a run about like this: first man up gets hit by a pitched ball; second man walks, advancing first batter to second base; third man hits hot one to shortstop and goes out at first, with no attempt at double play so .both men advance a base; fourth man flies deep to the outfield and run scores from third—one run, no hits. Clever, huh?'Also, pretty dull. , .
THE BOILERMAKERS WON’T play quite like that and Dutch will have them swinging from the heels most of. the time.
CORRECTION-PLEASE: recently this writer erroneously reported that there would be no admission charge to Purdue home baseball games. The no charge rule covers only the St. Joe and Wabash practice games of this week. . i
on
FRESH FOODS SO THE GRILL Serves plenty of them. Keep up your Vitality by Eating Wholesome Foods.
JhL
TfhmifiudL'Wtim.
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
EVERY NIGHT BEFORE I go.to bed I say my prayers and repeat over and over, “and please, God, don’t let it rain tomorrow so we can have a baseball game.”
HAYWOOD’S Portable Steel Desk File
For tyvory Unor Of A Desk
A combination personal file and stoi-age drawer. Easily rolled and when at right side of des;k gives no evidence of a bottom' compartment. Top cover folds flat against .side of cabinet when in use. Filingdrawer takes fi.dl size filing equipment and ha.s capacity for 22Vi inches of matter. Equipped with compressor, and locks on both filing drawer and s'toYage equipment. Finished in suede green. Dimensions, 2-1% inches deep and 30inches high. Letter size is 13 inches and legal size IG inches wide.
SJ/o
DELIVERED TO YOUR HOME OR OFFICE
50 l.<qt«‘i
Size
’i;
HAYWOOD'S "Everything for the Office" Fifth and Ferry Sts. Phone 4085 Lafayette, Indiana
SAVE THIS ADVERTISEMENT, IT WILL NOT APPEAR AGAIN.
With their first tennis meet but ten days away, the Riveter tennis team is working at top speed fo get in shape for their match with Butter. The Boilermakers will travel to Indianapolis, April 10, to engage ^the Bulldogs. Needs Sixth Man 'Coach Larry LaBree is at the present hard up foi- a sixth man. So far he has groomed five good men for positions, but he has not found a sixth starter. Ray Lucht, captain, is the only senior ,on the squad. Besides Lucht, there are two, other veterans on the squad, Dick Stettler and Gus Armstrong, both juniors, being the other talent holdovers. The other two men who round out the probable startingsquad are both sophomores, Eddie Wells and Walter Dudsinskr by name; Wells was a member of the squash team and has just reported for practice. The others have been working out all winter on the Fieldhouse courts. Doubles Teams Paired Off Lucht and Wells will probably compose the number one doubles team. Stettler and Ahnstrong, who were paired off last year, will again be ,the number two doubles team. Another man has to be found to pair off with Dfidsinski. Last year the racqueteers had a very successful season of ten wins in thirteen starts. In this category of wins, the Riveters defeated three Big Ten teams, namely Iowa, Indiana and Illinois. This in itself is indeed a feature as most of the Western Conference teams stress tenni.s while the Boilermakers do not. Losses Hurt Of last year’.s squad, the Riveter.s lost Bob Johnson to the Marines, Fred Richards, and Bob Van Camp. The first two were seniors, but Van Camp was an underclassman. Aftor May 3, which is not even half of the season, the Boilermakers lose their captain, Ray Lucht. This can not even be offset by replacements; 'as the freshmen.are not eligible for varsity competition until fall. This means that of LaBree’s present squad of five men, he will only have four after graduation with more than half of the meets remaining on the schedule. Coach La Bree is faced with many promising fi-eshmen, but he still can not use them until next year. Other upperclassmen who are out for the team include Dally, Bond, McMillon and Cummings. There is still room on the squad for any good tennis star.
Rain forced the Boilermaker baseball .squad-'t0 cipri^ first of a series of three practice games with ^. .Jdsld]p^iisi'! , lege, scheduled to start yesterday bn the local doubtful that the other games can be played grounds and threatening weather conditions. ' Wabash has been slated to engage game series starting with a, single game on Friday and le-header on Saturday. Last year the Little Giants to defeat the Riveters in two games.
Must. Drill Inside
Weather conditions have been
T
against the Boilermakers this year been out enough to play » and have forced the Riveters to .stay Coach Fehring is indoors longer than planned. Said about the coming season Coach Fehring yesterday as the that his boys will come
team drilled inside, “The more prac- tentative iineup might’be JSw tiee games we can play the better Burghart lb.; Carstpi - I’m going to feel about a success- Rawles 3b.; Smith catcheTsaiKfejbl^ fill season, but old man weather beit, pitcher. w just doesn’t see things that way.” The pitching staff consists of The regularly scheduled season righthandex-s and one lefth^ljllr. will start hero April 7 against the Leifheit and Patrick are the'xri^||^ Notre Dame nine. The Riveters -were handers and'Tony -Berto is a-SWi^* able to keep e-ven with the Irish paw. During the first of ther S^^pl:
team last year -with one victory and while the weather is still
one defeat. ' pitchers will only work two or
The starting nine for the Boiler- inings, however. When the
makers has not been definitely de- gets warmer they will beginfd'woTk
cided as yet as the squad ha.s not longer periods.
Clinic DemonstrctHc^^
Gus Boughan Loses In Final NCAA Bout
Gus Boughan, 155 pound Boilermaker'boxing- ace, put the Gold and Black before the fistic fans at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, last weekend as he battled his way into the finals of the NCAA boxing tournament held there. Boughan, Coach Joe !^nna’s star fi.ghter on the ’4i-’42 squad, entered the National Collegiate.s, after a suecessful boxing- season here. Badgers Win Out The Wisconsin Badgers, who copped four titles in the southern meet, pitted Clifford Lutz against Boughan in the final round to defeat the Boilermaker pugilist. Gus had previously won oyer Bill Lanesdale, Louisiana State 155 pounder, and had drawn a bye in semi-final competition.
IM Schedules
Coach Elmer Burhh^Tavk|Si the 1942 gridiron squadMlf’^ toes yesterday afternQb»-;^']M drilled them prior to ihg of the eleventh -atiij® Grid Clinic, scheduled this Friday on the campus.' Offensive Drills Stressed . Battling the winds and flurries the Boilermaker ]^^- tor sent the spring through offensive drills, reserves entering into a scrifti mage. Varsity men on Pill team worked frbm a T-^foi^ tion at the south end of jii sell Field and the reseryesj|ffl frosh recruits ran their plans'? a single wingback formation?? Burnham’s two offensive sy^r^K' used yesterday will be a part-dl^^t demonstration that will be visiting high school and c6llbge,?|l^^ coaches at the Annual -Grld’'\GUHXfe' . The spring aggregation,-c<int^!^-^ ing of 1941 holdovers and nciir-'iy|-cruits for the Burnham will continue drills throuklift®' April, after the Clinic closes. ?
Tho rollowinir teams will report for volleyball at 7 Tuesday eveninir: Ward 2. Ward 12, Ward 25, Ward 2(>, Ward 27, Ward 32, Ward 39.
Baseball Pictures WilLfi Shown Here Hexl <We^
Sigma Delta Psi
. . . athletic tests will be held in the mile run event in the Fieldhouse this afternooji at 4 p. m. ^PHILLIPS
The following fraternities- will play baseball at -i Do Tuesday evening: Diamond Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Sigma Phi- 1 Plii. Sigma Kappa vs Phi Kappa Tau —2 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Pi Kappa Phi —3 Sigmii Alpha iMii vs Lambda Chi Alpha—A Sigma Nu' ys Acacia - 5 Phi Kappa vs Alpha Epsilon . H Kc'ippa Sigma vs Heta Theta Pi --7 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa Delta Rho—8 Alpha Tail Omega vs Theta Chi O’ Phi Gumma Delta vs Delta Tau Delta - 10
Two baseball thl-illers. Ninth Inning,” and “Safe? , Home,” sound motion pictnreh; duced by the American ,stnd[ tional Leagues, will be in the Music H^ll Wednesday tll^i^?' April 8, at 7:30'p. m. The special movie convo, opbo tq townspeople as well as studenfeiiid faculty members, is a special fea? ture presentation on major spOr^f and will serve as a pre-vievVftd-t&il Boilermakex- diamond season, ing April 7 with Notre Dame^hlie.
Although most major - baseball players axe inclined to-biS superstitious, there are'three tional League pitchers who deki^ . the ancient and time-honored “Net 13” jinx. They -are Claude Pas^ab of the Chicago Cubs, Morton Goob^l of the St. Louis Cardinals, ani^Kirf by Higbe of the .champion Brrobk-:^ lyn Dodgers. A hasty glance pitching records of last seasom^Sl show that all three got along verj nicelv.
“Pete” Reiser, fleet-footed-ces-teifielcler of the Brooklyn Dodgeiifa who won the National League babi ting ex-own in his first foil seasod Eft the majors, always niai-ks an on home plate with the handle en^ , of his bat before he digs in and gets ,set to meet first the pltclx f
Till- startling beauty of pri-rlous gems captured in this heavenly now tran.sparent cigarette ease. l-'nl-Pak is so eoinpaet and feather-light youM never guess it lield a full 20 cigarettes; each in its own eoinpartinent. In jewel colors: crystal clear; ruby; sapphire; cinerakl; topaz; tortoiseshell; amethyst; aquamarine.
Everything for a College EduetUion DEAC’S
I Dr. A. M. Irion I — DENtlST — g 119 Vi Noithweslmn Aya. = Phan« 496S ijiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniuiiiiimttHHttuutifl
M.
E. MoiEH^&E
DAIRY QUALITY MILK phoiM smA
.
‘
*■
liji j) ^ 5> *- -^ ,-* ‘ ' t ^ 1^’^ " '‘^i''^''Ki? ' f s f < ( 4 t''’^V '* ,*)>’* " \ “ ^ ‘ Purdue Exponent Tuesday, March sT, 194^
,r r
rnk&hlmilmiimmmmsutmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Signal Corps Officer Wifi Speak Tomorrow ‘ Lieut P A Zinimcinian, icpieaentative of the chief signal offices of the United States Ai my, will visit the campus tomoi i ow to speak to students taking the ultia-high fiequency couises about oppoitumties offered in the signal coips Lieut Zimmeiman •will explain how students in this held of study who have not alieady signed up foi tho naval leseive oi aie not taking the advanced ROTC woik heie iiiav apply foi eiihstnient as leseivc of-
hceis
Prof Robeit P Siskind, teaihei of the local couise, lepoits that there aie at the piesent time 49 en1 oiled, including 41 seniois, s giaduate students and 6 staff membeis Seven of the scmois aie in the advanced niilitaij couise and six aie in the naval i esei ve Accoiding to 01 dels issued lanuaiy 27, those who sign up foi the signal coips will be detciied ui til giaduation Holliday To Speak At AIEE Meeting Ma] T B Hollidai will talk on ‘Elcctiical Equipment in Mihtaij All craft” at an open meeting of the Amciican Institute of Electiical Engineeis to be held tomoii ow night at 7 30 in loom 129 of the Electi i cal Engineeiing Building Majoi Holliday giaduated fiom the Univeisitv EE School in 1927 He latci took gnduate woik and was an instiuetoi heie He is now stationed at Wnght bield Ohio This speech was given at the AIEF National Convention in New Yoik last Dcccmbei and at the Noith Cential Convention in Indianapolis last month Camera Club To Present Lectures Tonight At 7:30 Cameia Club will piesent tho touith in a senes of five insti Lie Lional leetuies concerning the use of the camel a tonight at 7 10 in daikioom 36 in the sub basement of the Union This leetuic will be concerned piimaiilv with the piint ing ot pietuies Anyone intoicsted in photogiaphy is invited to attend
Flagger
(Continued fiom p ige 1) health was suddenly diopped by the defense when the state piodueed a eeitificate signed by Ai thui Leslie and a physician that Dannv was healthy in all lespeets and able to compete m basketball and lootball Murphy Sums Up In summing up loi the d(tense Muiphv wained the juiy that “even a fifty dollai fine would cause the lamilj to moitgage eveiv thing they own Pieviously Mis Leslie undei file of eioss examination al most collapsed and had to be taken to the ludge’s ehambeis The sen tence foi the defendants was post poned until Satuidav'
Indiana Bankers To Sponsor Clinic For Rural Banks Indiana Bankois’ Association, in^ coopeiation with the Univeisity, will sponsoi an Agileiultuial Clinic on the campus Tuesday and Wednesday, Apiil 7 and 8 The meeting, which IS the legulai annual convention of the Indiana bankeis, will be concerned piimaiily with problems of the luial bank Elliott To Speak A welcome addicss by Piesidcnt Elliott will open the piogiam Tuesdav moining, and will be followed by a leply fiom W W Gassci, Piesident of the Indiana Bankeis’ Association Haiiy J Reed, Dean of Agiicultuie, will discuss “Indiana’s Agiicultuial Backgiound and Responsibility ” Tuesday night’s banquet will featuie an addiess bv Ileniy F Sehiickei, Goveinoi ot Indiana, and Piesident Elliott Chailes M Dawson, Lieutenant Goveinoi of Indiana and State Commissionei ot Agiicultuie, will talk at a luncheon Tuesday afternoon and i tom of the Univeisitj' faims and expeii mental woik will conclude the afternoon’s piogi am Pottei Will Talk Dean Pottei, ot the Engineeiing School will head the speakeis in the Wednesday alieinoon session Tilks on “1 he r u m Real Estate Maikct ’ “Wailime Pi ices and the Eaimei,’ and a panel discussion on “Inflation tho laimei and the (''ountiy Bank ei” will (onclude the confeiencc Sears Roebuck To Honor Scholars Af- Banquef \\ nine IS of Seais and Roebuck scholaiships will be honoied at a banquet to be held tonight at 6 p m in loom )j4 of the Union S W Pittigiew of the Seals Roebuck Agii eultuial Poundation of Chicago will attend and take pait in the pio giam II G Jenkins, minagci oi the Lafayette stoie, Dean H I Reed of the School ol Agiicultuie Associate Dean V C Ficeman As sistant Dean D C Pfcndlei, Di Z M Smith and Pi of W 0 Mills will also appeal on tho banquet piogiam This banquet n held eveij yoai in oiclei that the Seais and Roebuck executives may get acquainted with the iieshmcn who won the scholaiships
Classified Ads
W mied 1 till tune Kit noijrai>lur and Keneril offtte UhKJstant l^urdue hatk Kfound prt.f<.rr<.d Apply l>y UtUr ! x pontiU Hox No 1
Jypcwnlers Atl ling Miuhncs ill m ik b 1 i j< r I ! ? pur I iri i I ui( 1ms I Mini oi^riph \\( ik d(»iH ( I I luishu/l bO iVl un
Mrmoour iplnnb and iNpinj,—liulltlinin^^s itUers tVi Stills Mcuintil Stivut 1 Nt »th Ith St
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
SPECIAL SALE 4 Days Only — March 30 to April 3
flti-Cvc Slip of Beauty That Will Wear as Well 05 a Slip Twice its Price Regularly a $1.19 Value $1 III)
( olors: 'lea Hose. ir hue or llUu k
Adjustabb Straps Doubled Bra !—Sleek Fit Over Diaphragm High Shadow Panel Deep Hem
You’ll thrill al tlu' fit ol lliih slip which lunnlb no ironing—If won’t lide up oi sag and will give yon leal ii(‘edoni oi a< tion. Made of I esied W at p hail Hayoa I tool Thieme & Wangerin 022-626 Main St.
Notices
PA( Tmpoitanl mrLtinjr Wednesdny, Apnl 8 Utotinn of oTTucis All present m<mbois and n<\v stnioi mnnaffois plcnsc iilti nd —ApAMS Alpha Phi Omcirn loimal pUdfrinp: and impoitant business TnoctinK- at 7 30 p m liKsdn, Maieh 31 m loom 30) of Union - KUCK Rop-er Williama Club Faster sunuRe Rtrvloc All club mombtrs meet at tho parson atrt 140 S Gnnt at G 45 am ind from tliLie to Steelfys Woods A bicakfnst will b( scr\td immtdiiUly aftei this meet inu at Hk (hui(h Pnoc —I") cents UI RFY UnderKradunte Dames Club Meeting Tuesday Maich 11 at 7 30 at the home of Mrs Otto liUnnpr lOfi West lutz St Dob P irl s will spiak on Atcissoiies tor the Homt —HAIL Scabbard and Blade Meeting Fnday A)>nl 3 it 4 1) in th( Armory to assign posts and uoik out details loi Best Sol dm Contest All ictivts plenst he thiu You trt nfcdfd JACKSON Student Art Guild Meeting: Tucsdiy Miicli 11 b hind library it its nice we i tin 1 Otluiwist 111 Hoorn 201 of the Union PARKS PAC Tmpoitint mectinr Wfdncsdn April 8 loi iliction of olTieeis All pies<nt membfis ind new stnior mina^^ds plcasi ilUnJ ADAMS PIA Board Members Bintpet ticl els are fifty (inLs SUJ INI H
S( A Fducitionnl fburinan lluie will be i imp itint mi tinu Imstl e Miuli U in S( \ room tl 1 pm —MttUAUY
Student Senate Meeting will b( hdd 1 Ksd ^ Mmh 31 it 1) j ni in the Sin It ollm Oilicds mil bt 11< t tt d ^ DU OS
Al! Women Students Tlir 1 Omiei )n N i Vni ni i C in 1 I III 30 p m I u< sd iv 1 )i )mc 1 nornus t lU u i. I s il (II jnu J (. )n nil It St 111 ii\ ho s in I 1 Oct nts Ar- Id Sot.it ty Al nil 1 in W fines 1 > Api ill i i
t iti n 1 in MtHtlilh ( lul) \1 iieh 11 in i 1 iikt ts will s Buildinj, ol r sj 1 IK hill 131 ANk limm t I U
! Hiniv Wn/ I C Ol 1 M\N
Catalyat Club • Flection of officers Wednesday Apnl 1 at 7 30 Sian INt m Dr Lovell s office and pick up a copy of the constitution bt foie Putsdny noon - YODER Science Seniors All science seniois who have not railed at mv office m the past wetlc to hll out scnioi blanks are rcquoslod to do so at once —ENDLRS Phi lambda Upsilon Business wecinig: Thursday Apnl 2 at 4 30 p m in the Chem Annex —BRANNER Triton Club Regular meeting of Triton Club in the Womens gym luesdaj Maieb 31 Yit 7 30 p m Flection of offieeiR wiTl be held anti attend incc will bo compulsoiy foi activt momberB KRAEPLIAN PO M M McmberK Theic will be a log ular meeting Tuesday Mnieh 31 nt I 15 p m in loom 105 oi the Armory Major 1 cuquay will speak on Fort Bragg All mtmbeis irt ingid to attend —ARKIN AH SwimmorB Dolphin swimming ban qiiet d ite has been changed to Ihuisdny April 2 All men interested sign up in the pool and pay 50c to Williamson —KERR Alph i 7etn Flection of officois tonight in loom 30) of the Union at 7 30 —SWAIM WAA Aiehciy pmctice Thuisday Apnl 2 at I i> m in the Gym TROXELL renting Bcgmntis tournament will stait Thursdiy Apnl 2 it 1 15 pm Advanced touinumcnt will also be held foi expeiienced fencers who hive not fenced in U previous touiney it the University Sign up at the I leldh )use it 1 p m in the Fencing Room in> tune this week OAKES Silver Mask Theic will ho no meeting Tuesdn Mnith 31 is origin illy scheduled Showing of the film 1 undimentals of Foil Fenein/ will leplace it on Wed Apnl I in ifom 10 It 7 30 ol the Fitldbouso - OAKFS SliidenI Senate Impoitant eonvention Cfrnmittee moetinf at 1 p m fuesdav Mueli 31 in the Stident Scnito office ~srrcKFR /iiuaves Dull Itiesdn Maieh 31 it 1 GUAI Mirnigt (oiirsc Visit t) loebs post ) nc I Meitin W I Apnl 1 at s pm in loom 01 <1 (be Union WII KFNING ( bnstian Scientists Hcgilai bu mess u (iiu 1 I s I \ M IK b I It 30 in lOf m 30 3 I lb (Hueui All nienileis pit ise l»e 111 1 I 1 1 eti I ROCKWOOD
AIEE Open Meeting All mterhsted poiBons ale invited to hoai Majoi 1 B Holli day the U S Air Corps talk on Elec tneal Fquipmont on Militaiy Aiicrj|fl Talk will be giVt n Wed Apnl 1 at 7 30 in loom 120 of the FE Bldg All engineerB are invited —BOWMAN Catholic Students A number of studentR are wanted foi tho Catholic summer citmp Ihoso mtoicsted call 2601 ~ BROCH PIA Members Fiee tiansportation to polls for voting is available all day today Call 3747 —SMULEVIl/ All Old and New YWCA Cabinet Members Installation of officers and cabinet mcmbeis Ihuisdnv April 2 Dinnei in the cafctci la will picotde the installation Please meet in the YWCA office at 5 30 p m —PE TERSON Tail Kappa Alpha 1 ormal pledging in loom 305 of the Union today at 12 30 p m —OSTRANDER AH Seniors Seniois intcrcsied in getting a 1012 Debus call Burton 5001 Iheodose 5005 Ol Woods 02)1 Only i limited num bci left Call now THFODOSE WAA Tennis CiHout Thursday Apnl 2 Two pineticcs iie loquired foi toin name nil cntiuncc Iournament staiIs Monday Apnl 13 Oi)cn to all coeds Practuc on Monday and llniisday at 4 p m SCHUBFR Interfraternity Presidents* Council Din ner meeting Ihuiscla\ Apnl 2 it 6 p m at Sigma Nu house —MOYBIELD FAO Interviews scheduled toi Wodnes i day Apnl \ m room 328 are is folloAVn ^ Morgin 4 15 Sehv. ib 1 25 Baynes 1 35 Bird 1 15 /enlei I 55 Uhub 5 05 Wil cox 5 15 Galdnti 5 2) PEARSON Phi Lambda Upsilon Informal initiation Sitiudiy Apnl I at 2 p m in loom 10b of the Cliemistiv Building MONTGOMFRV ASCE Meeting End ly Apnl 3 nt 7 30 p m in loom 201 of the Cl Ruiblmi TRUm
University Calendar Tuesday, March 31
8 00 AM—Giadiiate Dames Business Meeting and Hobby Show 9 00 AM—Phaiinacy Boaids and Colleges of Distiict No 4 10 00 AM—Anioncan Pharmaceutical Association 1 00 P M —^Ph.nmacy Boaids and CoL legos—Genoial Meeting 4 00 PM —Committoc on State of Univcisity 6 JO PM—Phaimaey Banquet 7 00 PM-IIanley Speech Contest — Finals 7 00 PM—Union Boaid Duiliei 7 00 PM—Union Soiihomoio Dinnei 7 !0 PM—Chnstian Science Oiganization 7 'iO PM—Cameia Club Meeting 7 !0 PM—A S M E Meeting
Rooms 366 and 363, Union Both Faculty LoungeS) Union Towel, Union West Faculty Lounge, Union Room 263, Union East Faculty Lounge, Union J Eliza Fowlei Hall Old Chestnut Room, Union East Reception Room, Union Room 303, Union Room 302, Union Room 207, ME Bldg
Alphi Phi Omega Int i\l(
K< J
h It Is
. ing < It ni t ut (< BmI HUT WI U
( !ub In D it
Ml Homo Lionomics Students T 1 ir 1) Ut n 1 innu il Omit 1 n N i Viigini i C Mt i I l(h Club timnei it ( 30 pm Tiasdiy I (h 31 in (bt Urn lionomu Cift i i lick Is will 1 c n sik it Ilimt Eco 1 mus building cffict it S irnly h uses ml KsicUnce bills foi »0 tints -BI ANk I nginecring Students Thfi will bi in } 1 m (tiiq ol lb ASMI n< xl lu sd iv vl mb 31 it 3(1 p m in joom 207 ol the M ! 13 iildin I lu A I)i nn i Univ i ib } Ut nt itt( 11 ( J will sjt ak on P Uc nt 1 iw n 1 ils H( 1 Ui n t llu Frv t tr lOI INIvA Westminster I ountialirtn Ihi f unii (nn will h i\ IK i 11 tus It ( ! I i tc i Alt
111 n I c ting on W d in 2( 1 ol the Unioi AH Students Students who expeet t (hinge liom one chool within the Univer sitv to inothei at the end oi the pieseni stmestei lie idvised to obtain the necossii> blinks U nee tiim the Ikgistiirs ol bee SIONF Uegistrition Workers SluiUnIs wh) w isl te woil (o the U Listi ii duun„ the s m me I Uim legist! Unn M i> 1 inel ai i lu ste 1 (( mike appluntnn nt the Rigis li 11 s (the 1 hose with jievious xpen enee U le isti ilion oi otlie i eleiuil woil u e giv n J le fe I c ne SI ONI Activities Bureau He ie,ini/Uion fneet ing ol li shmin Aetuities Buieau Work el I u< d i> Mneh 31 U I 1) Impeitaitt MeKlRNAN
iste l U I< pi inne d
(di Ut I\ r ni d 1
Tl i se e il I ineti u i sk ilin,-, pii(\ 1 U t< 1 1 iste 1 in I the lUlei pirl (i Cl AKk
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
EASTER DRY CLEANING! Send it to Crown TODAY LONGER LIFE FOR CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES teflon LAUse^Y
Top of llie^ Hill
MY MOMMY DONE TOL' ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING THAT I NEED
w
*
GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
ADVERTISING PAYS
Cl A^^TFTFD AD
IN