"»i < X yif 1? ',<'1 'f *■* V ! ' '"‘^ ’' j /’’ '* ^"'l? ^ ' i ’ «4 ■> -iSIri-^X
• j I
( '
0/
^ '
Music: Russian Composer-Leader ' To Appear Monday
Established 1889
^ Daily Since 1906
Sports; Grtdmen Begin Spring Practice Sessions
Volume 53/ No.' 137
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, March 10, 1942
W&SUlWTOM MERRY-^0-ROUMj
Coeds To Elect New Contestants
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Jesse Johes Filled RFC With Politics; Still Holds Powet Over Industry (The authors of The Washington Mer ry.Co Round, hclieving that the President anould he^consis^cnt with his 1937 cam paign of retiring eipefly judges from the Supreme Court, uhvc written a series of articles on the Tour Old Men’ who hold vital war jobs In the Roosevelt Cabinet— 8e<;retary of .Wdr Stimson Secretary of Stbte Hull,, ^Cl^etnry ot tlio Navy Knox ^nif SecretarV of Commerce Jones — all abound 70 Herewith is the last of the sc ries an appraisal of Jesse Jones—Editor) Washington, Maich 9 — Poi Halif a centuiy Jesse Jones* hie was domihated by thinRs political, and having' now i cached his hSth yeai, It IS not easy foi him to change Pdw people lealize how political IS thd machinciy which gioiind out thd loans ot the Rcconstiiiclion Firiande Goipoiation All its officials Were tiained to he political When the avciaftv applicant, olten acconi paniddr by his Congicssman, asked tor a loan, a ^egulai system was developed toi giving him the lun aiound Ldtteis weie wiittcn back and toith for weeks hnd months Tl'liis lira’s studied and deliberate. A definite lun-around teehiliqite Wa'i evolved Apparently Jesse’ J*ohldfir thought it was his tunction to lend as little ns pos sibfe—to discourage* everything except gilt-edged loans And having spent years devel oping this technique, it is almost impossible for fosse Jones and his organization to reverse them selves overnight That is wh>, when loans are desperately needed for ceitain wai plants, Jesse Jones and hiS loan hoys continue on their blase, nnpei turhed way, still passing out the royal runaround Jesse Jones jusL isn’t geaied toi (|iiick-movmg, slieamlmed finance Yet as Fedti il Loan Administiatoi he has the pov\ci ot hnaneial lite 01 death ovei vital wai plants • SHII Playing Texas Politics Foi instance, no metal is moic nigently needed tod ly thin tin And yet, even two yeais igo, the State (See Ml RRY GO-ROUND, page 2)
Officers Wednesday For Activity Groups Coeds will eldet officers foi the three majoi women's oiganizations on the campus, AWS, YWCA and WAA next Wednesday fiom Sam to 5 30 p m , in the hall of the Union Presentation of hei passpoit will enable any coed to vote foi the AWS candidates Membeis ot YWCA and WAA will vote foi the offleeis ot then respective oiganizations AWS candidates contesting for office are Ploience Cioll and Jane Van Goikhom, president, Nelda Bylum and Dons Dombey, secietaiy, Ruth Holden and Jean Thompson, tieasuiei, Emily Lloyd and Lois Veit, yunioi lepiesentative, and JuU la Jones and Maiy Lou Sternbcig, sophomoio lepigsentative YWCA nominees intioducod foi piesident aie Caiohne McCiay and Vivian Peteison, Betty Evans and Cindy Hague, secietaiy, Lois Veit and Chan Ball tieasuici To become a candidate foi a position on the YWCA cabinet, giils may fill out a petition, obtainable at YWCA ot hce, by next Wednesday Mai eh 11 Candidates have woikod on the cab met toi at least i yeai and have a sufficiently high scholastic stand ing to he eligible foi olcelion (b an
office
WAA has nominited Jane Blink am] Gail Ilennis ioi piesidint, Bia tiiee Bueigloi ind Ruth W ilkci vice-piosideiit, Jean SUigeiwild and Dvglyn Schuhei, secietaiy, and Elizabeth Baiighmin and Dotih Bowel, ti easui e i
To Speak At Annual Dinner Next Friday Members of the Cential Indiana Section of the Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineers will be guests of the student chapter next Piiday evening at the annual Purdue Dinnei ot the Society, it was announced yesteiday University students will pi'esent talks before the visiting engineeis at the dinnei meeting W L Cleaiwaters, ME *42, will discuss, “A New High Speed Pressure Pick-Up ” “Locomotive Speedometers foi Fuel Economy,” will be the subject of W L Gaugh, ME '42, and G F Topinka will talk on “-Some Aspects of Wing Vibration and Fluttei ” These speeches are also being given as a piehminaiy contest to deteimine which man shall represent the Univeisity at the Annual Mid-West Confeience to be held at Notre Dame on April 11 Piizes, which weie contiibuted by the Puidue Student Bianch and the Cential Indiana Section of ASME and the Indiana Elcctiic Association, will be awarded to the thiee speakeis and aie fiist piize, $20, second piize, $10, and third prize, Maik’s Handbook ‘ Visiting membeis will be taken on an inspection tup thiough the me chanieal ongineeimg laboiitoiies befoie the dinner
Indianapolis Symphony, Sevitzky Conducting, Will Appear Monday
Jane In'
Beauty highlight of the evening last night was Jane Ostiandei ap peaiing as saionged Siimesc biide in the ‘Tiitcinational Show ’ pi o tluced by the C osmo))olitan Club and the Chinese Studitils’ Club Jane’s handbome gioom was Voiad heh Phons|)hidhaks, iiul hei biides mauls Weie Join ))eison illy solict e<) e impus bi aiitu's Ollui Jeatuie of the show wtie a Gieek solo by John IClimis, a Chinese opeia, and spoeialty dances in Ameiiean and Joioign tempo Iiv Given supplied all music Joi the occasion Ohe Siimesc wedding eon eluded the pcisonal apncaianecs of the evening and was followed by a motion ineluie, ‘Hawaii
In piepaiation foi 1942 43, the Rogei Williams Club leeently held an election of officeis to eliiect the
oiganization’s activities
Cabinet officeis chobcn ue Rogei Eulei, piesident; Wayne Steph entnon, chan man of finance commit lee, Albeita Ai tm,in, secietaiy, aild
Timothy Tilton treasuiei
.Selection of class oflieeis vveie Dale Seliumuchei, piesident, Eldon Kesslei, vice piesident, and Doio thy Johnson, seereiaiy The oIReois elected foi discussion houi cliieetion ate Bill Spiakei, piesident, Willis Schalliol, vice piesident, Doiothy Johnson, secietaiy, and Bill Hai
mon, social houi chan man
The appointment ol committee ehaiimon was made as follows Geoige Black, deputations, Melfoiel C hoyney, devotioiib, Viiginia Uliey, publicity, rioicnee Means, Religious Council, Pat Blown, drama, Helen Snyclei, social. Bob Evanson, mu sie, Eail Huff, loom, Meilin Boig doll, Fieshman Council, Ray Gold smith, newsieel, Meiilyn Leplej, foieign students, Willis Schalliol, athletics, Kenneth Stapp, peace,
inel Liuience Haynes, alumni
Druggists To Convene March 24 For Annual Business Conference Diuggists from throughout the state will meet Maich 24 for the twelfth annual Dibggists’ Business Confeience The confeience will meet foi two days with people from all types of woik involving diugs
and pharmacy attending
Sponsoied by the School of Phai macy Extension Depaitment, the confeience is held each year foi the purpose of discussing new developments and things of interest to the
phaimacy profession
Featuies of the program will be talks by C D Schieibei, president of the Indiana Phaimaceutical Association, Haiold V Dainell, seeietaiy of the Indiana Phaimaceutical Association, and H C Muldoon, Dean of the School of Phaimacy at
Duquesne Univeisity
Di E C Elliott will piesidc as toastmaster at the annual ding gists’ Banquet on Maich 24, and will officially intioduce Dean Glenn L Jenkins ot the Phaimacy School to the diuggists of the state The confeience will take special note of wai time lesponsibilitios of diuggists and discuss the diUg shoitagcs and needs of the day
Orchestra To Present Concert In Music Hall Russian Conductor-Composer To Wield Baton
Art Guild To Present Movie Convo Films At 7:15 In Music Hall student Ait Guild will piesent a little movie convo piogiam in the Music Hall tonight at 7 15 p m on the woiks of Jons Ivense This is the only convo of the yeai which tiaces the piogiess of a single movie diiectoi The Bridge, Iven’s fiist movie, was produced in Holland in 1928 In this film the opening and closing of a lailioad budge outside of Rotteidam is documented “The Spanish Earth'” is a story of the Spanish Civil War, and was filmed in a Spanish town dining the conflagiation The story was wiitten by Lilliah Heilman and the commentatoi IS Ernest Hemmingway Iven’b fust Amciican production. Power and the Land, was filmed foi the U S Rinal Elcctnfication Administiation in 1940 It depicts the life on the William Paikmson Jaim at St Clansville, 0, hcfoie and iftei the benefits ol eleetiieity touched it Between each film David Allen will leiidei i selection on llu
piano
Fabien Sevitzky
Waul “Piggy’ Lambeit’s out standing leeoid of twenty-five yeais as Puiduc basketball coach will be given special locognition at the an nual basketball banquet tonight at () in the Union, sponsoied by the Lafayette Lions Club, in honoi of the team Plans have been made toi i spe eial cciomonv dnected by Piesident E C Elliott to pay ti ibutc to the Boileimakei coach The eight sen 101 membeis of the squad Blanken Spiowl, Polk, Comad Caicss Tieiney, Adams, and Galvin, will like wise iceeivg special tiibute ‘Piggy’s” teams have won 20G out of 291 Big Ton stalls foi a 707 average and 335 out of 417 intei collegiate games loi a 748 ai^eiage
Dui mg the 25 yeais, his teams have won Ol shared in the Big Ten title 11 times and have finished below the 500 maik only once The piesent squad had the best defensive icc Old in the confeience Announcement ot the vaisity and fieshman vaisity aw aids as well as selection ot the 1943 captain and most valuable player to the team will be made dining the evening F Haiold Van Oiman, toi mer Lieuten ml Goveinoi ol Indiana, will picside as toastmastei Among those scheduled foi addresses aio Guy Mackey, athletic diieetoi, Coach Lambeit, Assistant Coach Mol Taub', Dutch Fehiing, liesh man coach, and Capl Don Blanken
Gaining Weight In Washington Wayne Coy, To President
Wayne Coy, liaison offieei toi the office ot cmeiginey manage merit in Washington, and an adminiblialive assistant to Piesident Fianklin D Roosevelt was the sub jeet ol an inteicsting teatuie stoiy by Eveiett C Watkins Washington toilespondenl ot the Indianaipolis 8)(ar The stoiy which appeiitd in Sunday’ Star is pailieuliily timely as Coy will sjK ik at 11 a m 1 luiis (lay, Maich 12, in th( Music Hall on ‘ Amgnea <uk1 tin Wai ” flic stoiy by Watkins, who ilso i wdl known (0 a niiiiilKi ol lot il ptoph !)(c uiso ol his littiiuiil visits luu iollows “Wayne Coy is 11 I Incoming a heavywt ight —Ik lir\t iL oi not he now W( q hs 115 iioiinds Hit lop weight ol his !7 yt u ” “A vil imm a day did it ’ “His astonishing f tin in weight Hpustuls a now cxpcii'-t Ins old clothe (lon'l (iL him ’ “Cov 1 I pe( lal iissisl ml to llu Pi t nth nl Ht h i i uiu d n it ion il piomiudiei iiut Ins (am))u days at Fiankliii C ollegi He has the tai ()t tin Ph’sicIctiI anytmu Jhtie is Ottasioii lot him to win pi i into the piesidentiul tin A Wlnli IIousi leltphone extinds diuit to Ins ol (ice He IS a piottge ol P ml V Ml Nutt, but IS much tlosti(ito tin Piesident than is Ins old boss Behind 'I’he Seeiies “Ills iniblu seiviei isn’t the le isL bit public toi he (lots eontidential tilings j'oi Piesident RoosevcU Ills lips aie sealed His name is bcldom
Wayne Coy
in pimt, lie cause bo isn t peimitted to t ilk aliout what he does Rut, (Icsjnte the tact th it he h is little ot no piililieity it is known lie has at tamed a ic|Uitation is an admin istiatoi It was Paul V McNutt’s liammg tint gave f ov oiipoi lunity to become i (list das ulnnins ti itoi ( oy 11 IS in ippu (I ition th it il wi MeNutt, \dien (.oveiiioi md laid lngli commissionei to the Plnliiipmes who gave him his elmnee to use lioni cdilm ot a weekly mwspapei at Delphi, Inel,
to a top post in Washington And McNutt has a piide that ‘one ot my boys’ has the ability to go so tai “Coy has tew lecications, an occasional chance to lead a detective stoi y, toi he woi ks at his office most eveiy night He is too busy loi social lunetions Now and then he has a ehatiee loi a bit ol cxeicise on the goll com sc and it is the statement ot his pioud wife, that ‘Wayne plays a bettei game than he looks as it he could pi ly ’ ‘Next week Coy will have some neoilcd i eei cation—at least he will get away fiom hi desk in Wash mgton He is to he i speaket at Rapids ( ity, 11, bdoie the Cham bd ol ( ommeue ol tint eitv and at Pill due Univeisity “He ilso his immeioiis olhei m vital ions iiom vaiious othei states, luiL, because ol his woilc heie, he his (ledined all of them except the hid to speak ill the hiithplaee state ol his liidid, limy I Hoiikms ilso a iiH inbi 1 ol the Roosevelt in nei eiiele, md the invitation to sjieak at Piiidiu UniveisiLv liom Piesident Edwiid C Mliotl “Wayne (oy weighed seaiedy 115 pounds wilt'll he hist eami to Washington But now he is ‘tat’ with his adek (1 20 pomiel , diu eitheu to the tact he cats higgti and hettei since getting on the Fedcial ]ny Kill, Ol because ot the viLamip a day that Mis Coy feeds him ”
Dr. Hannett Speaks At Marital Lecture ^ Second in the senes of mantal lectuies foi all senioi and junioi women was given last night at 7 30 in the West faculty lounge ol the Union Di Liance Hannett of the Univeisity ot Cincinnati spoke on “Happiness in Maniage” The senes, sponsoied by AWS, consists of toui lectuies The fust was given by Di Mane Wessells last Tuesday on the subject, “Mai nage as a Noimal Function” Di Lueia Towel will speak next Tues d ly on “Hygiene in Maniage” The senes will be concluded with a talk by Di Ralph Goiaiel, ot the Uiii veisity of Cmcinuali on the topic “Minnge Fiom a Mm’s Point of
View ’
Debris Callout
U S Civil Seiviec Commission is seeking qualified penons toi laelio inspeclois in the Fedeial Communic itions Commission S a 1 a i i c s lange liom ''>2 000 to $2,(>00 a yeai, and the maximum age is 45 yeais Applications toi the wntten test on ladio and electneal cngineenng must bo filed with the Commis ion’s Washington, D C , office not latei than Apiil 21, 1942 Foi assistant positions, comple tion ot a 4 yeai college com se in electneal oi communication engi neenng oi physics is picsenbed Radio expel leneo may also be sub slitulod To nualitj loi the $2,500 positions 1 ye ii Ol ippiopiiale la dio engmcciing oi teaching expeii (ne(, Ol 1 yeai ol giaduatc study m eommunieation tiiginecnng m idelition to the 4 yens ol eolkgo A knowlidfi ol the Mone Code is
lequiied
Scniois (omplotmg the above' UK nlioned ( ouises hetoip Oct 1 al-
so 111 IV ippU
Short Course Class To Hold Farm Tour Plot 1 W Wilbui and P R Elli
kei ol tlK daily husbandly elepait
UK 111 will leave tomonow with
then cH s ot eight sludi nts on a lljr F G Fllln'H' Duly Pioeluction Shoi t foiiise In * * ‘
'•peelKill Tom lhi(uij.h Shendin New Agusta and Lebanon, Indiana Piaelieal applications ot iiiothods used in daily piocluetion will be studied when the class visits sev eial I aims and a modem elaiiy They will leluin tomonow night
As a regularly scheduled program in the University convocation series, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra under the baton of Fabien Sevitsky will appear at 7:30 next Monday evening in the Music Hall Reorganized in 1937 when Sevitzky became its permanent conductor, the Indianapolis Symphony is said to be made up of the youngest personnel of any of the country’s 16 major symphonic groups, for the majority of its 85 members are under 35 years of age while many are in their twenties. Born near Tver, Russia, in 1893, of a family prominent in musical circles, Fabien Sevitzky studied the double bass at the Russian Imperial Conservatory of Music in St Peteisburg foi several yeais, graduating magna cum laude. Following his giaduation from the Conseivatory he played in the Moscow Impel lal theater until 1916, at which time he enlisted m the Russian ai my where he served for three
yeais
For the next five years he served undei the Soviet legime, but circumstances (which he will not desciibe) forced him to flee to Poland. Theie on New Year’s Eve, 1923, he maiiied the piesent Mrs. SeviWky and almost immediately sailed for
the United States
In this count!y he joined the Philadelphia Oichestra and while a membei of that oi gamzation founded the wOlid’s hrst permanent stung oichestia—^the Philadephia Chambei String Simfoniette. -Because of the demands for his services as a guest conductor, he rellie leopening ol Class V 7 en signed fiom the Philadelphia Orlistment without quota has in- ehestia and since that time has deei eased the oppoitunity foi college voted his time to conducting, juniois and seniois to become can- Di Sevitzky has appeared as didates toi U S Navy Officers’ guest conductor in Pans, Berlin, Vicommissions Ensign Robeit Biy- enna, Waisaw, Philadephia, Washant, USNR, will inteiivew appli- mgton, D C, New York City, Holcants at the Indianapolis Navy le lywood and Montieal In November, ciuitmg station in the Fedeial 1936, he was presented as gUdit building Juniois and Soniois ac conductoi ot the Indianapolis Sjnh* eeptod will be placed on inactive phony Oiehestia, an appearance duty until then lull college eouiso which lesulted in his engagement
has been completed
Applicants May Become Ensigns Accepted students will be enlisted as apprentice seamen, then appoint od as midshipmen in the naval le-
seivo aftoi a month’s indoctrma- tickets Single admissions may he tion tiammg Upon satisfactoiy obtained foi $1 10 at the cashier’s completion of insti uction they will window m the Music Hall, but thenfe be qualified toi ensigns’ commis- will be no advance sale of tickets, sions m the naval leseive and will The doois of the Music Hall will be be eligible for piomotion m ac- opened at 6 45
eoi dance with legulations
Applicants must be »iativo-boin and unmaiiied citizens of the United States not less than nineteen but undei twenty-one yeais ot age Ap plications must be accompanied by thiee Ictteis ot recommendation, a biith ceitifieate oi othei acceptable evidence of native-born citizenship, and by college ciedit tiansciipts including at least two semesteis’ college Cl edit m mathematics, one of which IS a couise in plane geometiv The base pay of an ensign is $1 500 a >cai plus allowances toi quaiteis subsistence and unifoim
as peimanent conductor of the or-
chestra he now leads
Admission to next Monday’s COh* celt peiformance lequiies the presentation of passports or season
No Sing
licanls For CPT Must
Debus will hold a callout loi lic-lunaii editoiial wnrkeis (h>s Wednesd.n, Tliuisdaj and Eiidav in the Debris offices, room 319 ol the Union, liom 4 to 5 30
(luh aiteinoon
Th IS ealloiil will oflei the lush men workers the oppoitiinilj to meet the editors and woikeis ol the piesdil stall 11 will be in loinial and all lieshmen are in-
Ml«d lo .illdid
Make Appointments Today All applicants loi Civilian Pilot Tiaining Piogiam who have not alii ady made an ippoinlmont with
the Civiliin Pilot Tinning Seiviee ,
Boaid lie i eiiuested to eill G S Meiklo*'^ oflicc, 6319 this moining The bond will be on the cimpus tod IV lo fiiigcipiint and issue “A.umin Identification Cuds” to all those who hive pi st d tlu nitdieil oximiii itioii md lullilkil ill olhci
1 oqiiiu nu nt'^
Ailual IligliL woik and giouiid sihool e^oiiises will begin imuiedi ilely toi ill (host who lu leiti tied b\ the Bond
Announcement was made last night by the Student Union that there would be no University All-
Campus sing this year.
Anderson Will Talk To Chem Students Foi lest A Anderson, of the Wil-kens-Anderson Company of Chicago, will speak to the University Chapter of the A I Ch E. tomorrow at 7 30 p m m loom 120 of the E.B. building All chemical engineers, and chemistiy students ate invitedi to attend hit.addiess on “Industry’s Challenge to Chemical Education” which he also recently gave for the Univeisity ot Wisconsin student
Andei son’s company manufaetuies scientific and mdustiial lahotatoiy supplies and chemicals, afld ho has had associations with many ditteient industual and university liboi atones His experience enahies him to give advice concerning th4 pioeediue ot getting and holding a
job
will go lo Foil W UIU tomoi
low (unint, lo ukliiss a special
diiiiK'i meeting ol the PuidiK Alum
111 Club theic Giaduatcs liom Foit Wa\ne and suiioundiiig cities md towns aie expected lo attend the
meeting and heai his addiess
University Presbytgrtan Church Will Hold Partjf Univeisity Piesbyterian Chusch will sponsoi a Blackout Party qg, Fiidav, Maith 13 Gfiests will nje^t in the lounge ol the church at P III toi then iBstruetinas. stui
sciviee as a leseive olheei He has ociuipmciit Ration caids for BfH been oideieil to upoit to Santa tieshmeuts will be issued later |ti Anna tai, toi duty m the peison- the leeieation loom. ENeryenei ^ net seiviee ot the Aimy Au Coips invited to attend the party, ,
A. P. Johnson
, toimeily ol the Univeisity peisoniiel stall, lelt his duties u eently to lepoit toi active mililaiy
1/ vA ■s ii IXJ^rdueExjmnffnt
G/iarfes Reimdnn'f6ri^l^iiadent B(^
«:00 A.M. 4t0(& P.]^.
-Red Cross, First Aid -Cominittee oTi State ef
University ....: ..Room^ 263, Union 6:30 P.M.—^Basketball Banquet; ...Both Ballrooms, Union 7:30 P.M.-^Christian Science Organization..Room 303, Union7:30 P.M.—Student Art Guild LitUe Convo..Hall of Music 7:30 P;M.—Purdue Dairy Club Smith Hall
(Continued from page 1) fJepfertineht, the Defense Commission nhd ieve'ft the ifolUlhhists knew thjtre “^s %1'aVe Hsk that tift Butch Bast Indies might be taken, and ’j6|bjtt%e‘shoul3 safegtiard our future im '^tSpniy^ All Sbriftg the summit of 1940, in fact, the State Depart- , ment jdintied at Jess’e JO'nes to Set Utn ^A tin amelter inside the United States to handle tin from Bolivia, ftnf 'jes's'e did Vidthing. ; '-Sis ’tnonths passed; “nine months; alnio.st a year. Jesse had agreed by this time that a smelter should be built, but sent an investigator to dei^rhifne where it shotild be lOcatte’d. Ihi.s took several wedks fnote, Binally, at long last, the Loan Ad- . ministrator made his decision. He decided to put the plant just outside his own home town of HOustori, Bexas. Jesse, it seents, had been political to the vei'y end. . Note; Nobody really minded Jesse’S -beihg political as much as they objected to the waste of time. Jesse Has Friendls ’Of course, if you happen to know the Federal Loan Administrator personally and pileasantly, loans .sometimes move a lot faster. Fhe bright boys around Jesse still remember the time they had turned down a loan to 0. P. Van Sv'eringen, famous financier of the Chesapeake ^ Ohio Nickel Plate, and Erie Railroads. Although the loan was vetoed, Vhn Sweringen was smart enough to find out the number of dc’sSe’s drawing room on a ti-ip to Florida and bought a ticket for the one adjadeht. Next day, Jesse wired io the RPC in WashingtoTi to give Van Sweringeri the loan. Then there was the case Of the CretOhU Silk mills hear Patersoh, N; J., Svho'Se applicatioh for 4 lOii’n Wks refused by the RFC New York'OiRce, Then the Very c'harmjWig and highly social Count Pon-.fi-tov^y intervened. The loan came through. The mills are nOSv in rOceiVOr.ship. in fact the files of the RPC have a long list of “favored loans,” disapproved locally but granted later on Jesse Jones’s OK in Washington. • Vihri Thx^jpsfiips In contrast John W. Snyder, vice president of the Defense Plant Corporation and one of Jesse’s right Imnd men, recently telephoned the Maritime Commission demanding ithat it take over about $50,000,000 Worth of loans extended to General Electric, Westinghouse, et al, for instructing gears and turbines for Vitally needed ships. Despite considerable argument, Snyder got nowhere with the Maritime Commission, which maintained that he, not the Maritime Commission, was running a loan agency, and should continue the loan on hi.s books. Finally Snyder said: ’ “If you don’t take this over, “we’ll hold up any further disbnrsements.” “And if you do,” was the reply, “you’ll hold up troopships which the Pre.sident wants almost more than anything else. Just figure out whether you want Congress to hear about that.” Mr. Snyder changed the .subjeet. •. t)og tn Manger , 'Tragedy is that Jes.se Jones seehis bent on keeping all his ti-c-mendous financial power in his own hahds. Not ohi'y dotes he not readily delegate responsibility, hut he is terrifically jealous of any other agency which might encroach on his loan field. Senator Murray of Montana wants to set up a seiiarate fund of about $106,000,606 to lend
money to little busificss to linantete war jobs; but Jesse doesn’t want it. Also Mari-iner Fccles, Governor of thb Rederal Reserve Bofiard,'wants Con.gre.ss ; to let him jliut but the $140,000,000 which he got , through devaluation of thte dollar, fpr shofit, quick ■ I'batis. ' ' ' ' But to head off Eccles and Mur^ ray Jesse has Wfited AJs ReT^ re'sehtS'tives that^ tRey are noW empowered to make loans up to $l&6,6tf6 Without approval of 'iVashifigtoh.' ThiS fiheratiiafibfi bf his Ibati p'bTicy ts a dra'^ic s'tfep for ires'sfe. 'But apbafebtiy be Whs deternri'b'ed to beat Evcles and Murray to the punch. ’This has turned out to be something of a help to JesSe. For when hi's man Sterling Poster 'iheet.s with the Army and Navy every Wednesday, iind they efos's-question him oh loans, the stock rejily is Very simple^—^namely, that Hhese loans are tioW made by district'RFC offices arid the Federal Upari Administrator khoHvs‘ribthihg ahriiit them. If takes a tbt tb get'arbnrid J’ekse J'ories. But it takes' eVeri Tfriorie to bridge him ill hi.s ztealpusly gubTOed field ,'b'f 'high fiiiance.' ('Copyright',' United Peatrire Syndicate, Ipc.)'
9:55 News ,, 10:00 “English History” with Prof. V. L. Albjerg 10 :60 WBAA Rresents 10:55 News11:00'Morning Melodies 11:15 The Bookman 11:36 Memory Lari'e 11:50 Purdue News 11:55 News 12:00 Ag''ric'ultural Forum 12:15 Meet the Band 12:45 Music 12:55 News 1:00 Parents’ Forum 1:15 Souvenirs 1:30 Script 1:45 Markets 1:55 News 2:00 A Stoiy A Day 2:15 Script 2:30 Virginia Ulrey-^singer 2:45 Treasure Chest 2:66 News , 3:00 Music 3:l5 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Musical Round-Up 3:55 Ne\vs 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:16 Beard in the Hallway 4:.30 Music 4:45 The Curio Man 4:50 Music 4:55 News 5:00 Just Relax 5:15 Employment Service 5:36 Vespers 6:45 Little Mi.ss Muffett 5:55 News 6:00 binrier Hour 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 The Magic Carpet 6:65 News 7:00 Religious Drama 7:30 Carolyn Wood—singer 7:45 Music 7:56 News 8:00 Music Without Word.s—Mildred dohnsori 8:15 Indiana Better ifumes 8:30 Betty Wedge 8:45 Eventide Echoes 8:55. News 9:00 Musicanii 9:55 New.s
The weekend provided quite a bit of excitement and stuff -^ mostly stuff. Friday night started things off in a big Way when everyone and his cousin drifted into “Higlgin’s HtaVeri”JbVith Somebody elste's %irl ail'd'vice Vter^a. The Cary Ulub'darice was a gala affair, but an impromptu 'ebunt by some statistical-minded pbrSdn reVealted the Sigma Chi’s oU'tii'iimber'efi ’the Hall boys at the daiid^. *'. '' ■ The dates straightened out somewhat Saturday 'eVe 'Mth the large majority attending a party out at Marilyn Ztnk’s hovel. Miss Zink, for geriehal;infbriri'atioh, is brie of the (or the) town gals who went away to college’—Virigiriia to be exact. The Betas stole the Show at this affair with Gordie Blqomquist playi'Tlg the lead. Ulbbiriy Bob KlMrt was there having a footloose and fkneyfree'time while pin ‘gal Beth Pbr'teriheiiner wa's' horiie for the 'vveekend. That’s not nice Robert. Or is
it?
Alpha Chi’s Lolly Zteno and Dottie Sieb—with their pinboys away and not having an alley to play in —called the Theta Chi house and put the finger on ChUdk “Lifcky” itetene, Glen “Lucky” Nygren, and Bob “Lucky” Weaver for the evening. What we’d like to know is why it todk three to handle ’em. Ninety miles away the Gimlet’s and Reamers were havirig themselves a tiriie. You could hear the racket clear over here. Highlight of that gathering: was when Dick RecktteriWald and Bob “Stupid’’ Adaift's tried to escape from the K'at'.siria ■with a neon sign. It was hard to. distinguish the boys from the sign—a.s far as radian duality was concerned. Pete Tiiriperirian ordered “blue point” oysters and raised the roof 'when the waitress brought him what he termed “raw things bri a shell.” How could you tell Tetes ? Sunday, as you remember, was not 'exactly a day that you’d go out picking dandelidns. But that didn’t discourage some of the social minded people avound here. G'us “PhiriqUe” Robinson arid eritGura'ge Nkfeiit on a picnic with all the ti-immmgs. The “entourage” consisted of such , sorils as Dottie “I know Tom Moran” Canfield, Shirl Murphy, Robie Robinson, and Marge Thornton. Said picnic finally ends up at the show after an afternoon of 'ivading and frolicking in the slush. The weekend was not without its pirinings, either. Little heartbreaker Pat Smith broke all standing d.Ates again—this time claiming she was going .steady. Sigma Nu Chuck McIntosh did the job on Chi 0 Rosemary Martin. The Sig Nus are up in arms about this because they have to serenade the Chi O’s on the average of once a week. 'Why don’t you wait till the end of the semester, take inventory, arid then do your serenading, gents ? BiR Reid put his Cary Club pin on Alpha Chi Shirley Whiteman.thus ending a lorig seige of bewilde'rVn'erit for all cbrice'rried. No less than seven KDR’s disposed of their hardware. Clete Thepas, bick Neff, Bud Englis, Ken Dickey and Les Parrish put theirs out off campus while brothers Larry Finley and Dick Griffith placed their jewelry on Rosemary Boyd and Margo Hannell respectively of WRH. Well, less than two more months to Rangoon (we’re used to the “goon” part’—if we live through the emulsified cough syrup they’re dispensing at the Sweet Shop under the assumed name of wine-cola. They say it has 2 per cent alcohol, though. Hm-m-m-m. The nickel beer of prohibition is back.
Dr. M. L. Crossley, research director for the Amcfieari Cyartkirilde Cb'mpany, addressed the university section of the* American Chemical Society lakt night at 7:S0 p.m. in room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall, on “The Role of Chemistry in Combating Infectious Disease.” Dinner in the Old Chestnut Rooriv of the Uriidri preceded thb meeting. 'Dr. Crdskley began his career in cheriiisti’y as instructor at Brown University in 1909. He later taught at I^illiam Jewell College and Wesleyari Urtiv.ersity in Connecticut. In 1918 he todk up work in chemical industry with the Caleo Chemical Company. He-became chief chemist, then research director, arid, in 1941, becamb'''research director for the American Cyanamide Company. R D. Robb/ns . . . MB. ’46, has been assigried to the new ait field at Miami Beach, Pla. Befoie being inducted into the army, Robbins was a draftsman with the Telephone Company in La-
fayette.
SIGMA DELTA PSI Mile run test will be held today at 4:15 in Fieldhoiise. RIFLE CLUB Important meeting . Wednesday at 4:15 p. m. in Room 104, Fieldhoiise. important that everyone be there.
' Lieutetnarit Charles 3. Reiftiadrij a former student of this University and son of Wallace Reimanh, a member of the University hoard of trustees, was reported killed last Sunday When a navy plane crash'e'd at the Tongue Point, Ore., naval air station. Thd 2f6-year-old filer was pilot and commanding officer of the plane that crashed during a takeoff and killed eight’ of its riirie oc-
cupants.
Reiiriann attended the U’ni'yersity one year in 1933 and graduated from Annapolis in 1938. After three years service ori surface ytessels, he Went into naval ajr tvainirig at Rensacoia, Fla.,, Where he received h'ls Wing's, afid then Was 'tTarisferred to the wo.st coast for air patrol duty. PATRONIZE exponent advertisers
i j'f v:.!.,
Jim Purvis, 1933 physical education graduate, former star halfback, and later on the coaching staff, is now director of physical education at the U. S. Ai’my air base at Miami Beach, Florida, according to Word received Monday from George Ade, -(yho is speriding the Winter at Miami Bteateh. ' ' The ti’aining station at Miami Beach now hhs 566 riien in tr'a'inirig, but Will sdori' he exparided t6 trai'n 5,000 men.
iffi
br. A. M. Irion 1 ^dentist— 1 I rO Vi NbiftfiweStarti Avb. 1 Thbrib 4965
^fuesday, March 10, ',1^42:
, . . will hold its regular;indtttKfyr 'meeting this evenirig at '7’i30 p.rii'<' in rooiri 108 6f :Smith Balh. br. 'Ai A. Smith of the education ah;^,; applied' psychology departmelatcWiR speak to them ori “Marriage—- thei
Main Problem." At
mpeting, nomination, of oifipePs itpserve next year will be hbld. ' ^ i;
greeting CAR65 EGr AtL OfcCAilfONs
EifSrythihg /oT a College Ediiication DEAG’S
)i(!^L McoRIa HbRI^RV marshall
ioc I^AUL'S PLACE Idfc Beef Steak Beef Barb-Q iftoifi'e Ma'ile 'Chill Tork TenderloTh f^urnas Ice Cream Phone Z645
PjuAdua, £xfionmL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section ll03, act Of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locaRy by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Bditorrin-Chief.. Newa Editor Spurtr Editor....
..Ned A. Ochiltree nusinese ManbifSr ..John E. Traugott Managing Editor..... Phil Johnaon Coed Editor
...Don 8. Powera Leland W. Buffner Rath Boae
Publication Staff Aaaociute Editdrk 'Editorial Staff: J. F. Aihoa, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Bropbr, R. E. Hadley, F. I. jon'es, B. G. Kieper. . Sparta Staff; O. T. Clark, J, D. Fraser, J. S, Keeler. Coed Staffs Mary K. Boynton, Alice 'Chatffeld, Jane Katned^l. Phones; Editorial and Business, 4005; SporH, 27^2 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff 'Coed Bu'rinhaii Manager: Donna Siesa; Office Manager: Lee Basapng. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell,; Accounts Manager: W, p. Millard. . Junior Coti. Mshagere s Jean Franke'nberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin. , R^Vetteliited for natib'hal advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc., College Piibliabera Representatives, 420 Madison Avc., New York, N. Y.
O^LY TWO HOURS MOTICE is nocessary tu got a deliciously fresh pie made to your order.
Is as PRACTICAL and HANDSOl as it is DURABLE. Keeps the clothes trimly PRESS^ and UNMrInkled. “ QPICK PACKING i 'III' Gives that final touch for SMAR^^ ness. Pii S'Ce that you ate not handicapped S OLD, INCONVENIENT, U# ATTRACTIVE LUGGAGE. ^
. -fh
'01
/M-
*w a A,
'1
^’*■4
V- ?y
I, "
lgl ^ HHIIS [Ilf [|[V III *' -^ V '< Notice Begins Inside Fieldhonsi
% DdA fereWer ^ k^ipa ptmt"of t*hfe axpecte^ 194^ n^llermakey 0iAitifti powei house —^^'re plhiiflly iw feviSence yestetS&y- i¥iCfei'^6oii as C6ach SMe'p started spring football prabtice despite tlie bad weather ^sida th6 MeMhouse, 'ivhfefe the gr^ftd 1^88 dl^y and "hard, ^ pig* aWh VdVIie&j iffeinnahts of the 1941 st[^d and frosh l*eeitnts, b6gan the s|:{f&dy g^<i%o ^et 'bkck into shape a:rtfet a 'three-month lay-off Thd MPlf-gOTWB .wWn-WWj ..r..j-.,'-V;-, .*r.h, . re-
' - ■* rtr. tit«, «
edltithi otf the '4S hadl 'chSfb w*!*!! i^ehiain ftiaide uhtil it Ik ^rmp;, according to feurtihaht, hnd rJhifd outside as soon as the weather permits Staff Clreets Griddeis hiitSt Wednesday night, in his first call out as varsity coach, mentor Burnham greeted tfffe ghr9 aSptrahtk with a short pep talk and introduction Guy Mackey, newly appointed athletic director, and Mel Taube, vaisity assistant, Urere theie too, and added to the WeTcome
VUsHkhdai? they got to w'oWc “Everyone has an equal chance to hfhke goOd here,”' Bornham assOite^\o the turnout, ‘^but werhUst aft hitCkle ifO the gt^irtldstoM tO make it a success Some have more talent ahd UatPhal ability fhan Others,” th4 nOUr ’Coheh continued, “yet a hard fighter is rated highest ” 0>ffert8ive Plays Prominent Ahd they'ie plugging too Lined up in sehrei^l offensive fortnatiOUs, the giiddeis dug in and ran thiough a stdady Stieahi of lunmng and pass
mg plays There was plenfy of fight and zip m thO boys and it looked as though the coming Boilermaker vaisity Would pack plenty of powei in its drives. Absent from the drill—^for gOod —were the 1941 Riveter gridiron notableSf Betty, Melton, Millei, Rossi, Timperman, Combs, Bush, and many othei? who were names on the tips of the grid-fans tongues New Clop Instead theie was a new ciop Alex Luego, junioi, stepped into
the centCi position as Burnham diew up a team to lun thiough the first few plays Pete DeMana, sophomore, and Bick Barwegen, freshman, were newcomers at the gtihld positions beside tiUegb fihlTy Fl'ePch and Pinky Walnert, Veterhn tackles, and Bill Shitnei hnd Poirest hlcCaffiy, old-time ends, com pleted the fonvaid w'all of the squad Dairell Bach mat, fullback, Charles Harris, (fitakter, Bob Hajsyk, half, all sophoinOieS, and
Henry Stram, a freshman, composed an all new Riveter backficld These somewhat unfamiliar names weie added to the list of Botlermakei backfield impress ives—Kenny Smock, Bob Chestei, FranCis jfteakim, Fled Smerke, Tony Berto, and Jdhn AndretiCh, all who caine to fame last sCaSoh Rams Here, Maybe Bailors Bui-nham's array will hdve plenty to woik for—fi'om yestei'day until the opening of the football season when Fordham’s mighty Rams ap-
pear m BfosS'Ade lltafittiilil ^ season's oifCtfer, Sept, 2®. ~ The new coUch might also tuflri' to pit his gwdders^ Great Lakes Naval TvAinStk tion 'eleVdh, accdi^ nooncethbnt ihh^c redtor MhCkciy tions hVe aftbhdy undeuwa^r a game with fShe Mitldrir " Whatever Biirf^iJb mtght be, :^sr^ayk" crew proved that to push the Gold and 6Iack/fo ihl^l^
^ll#rtiijdcer Wt^tlers
For Big Ten title
Co^cii CtaUde Reeck’s grapplers will meet some of the toughest teams m the country next Friday and Saturday Wft^n tHey tangle with their conference foes in the annual t'ett Wi’eS'tTihg IVteet The meet, which IS schedfuled for UfeH'Ch IS ahd 14=, will be held ih the Bartlett gymnasium of the
hf Chicago.
Iiast^evening the Riveteis went through tiyouts to see who Wodtd relweshnt the feoilermakers at Chicago Likely caftdi4a&s kre Malcolm McDonald m the
121 hdtittd, tfes!ey Fr^erteks, 128,
totk MhioVina, 136, Bob Britt oi ^owa and Malcolm of the Riveteis li^arrcn Oiegoiy, 145, Gregoiy, t^^se men have bCeh undekptt, ^ Jiin Paratore, 156, Irv ^eUtCd m dual meets this yeai MilOlh^emanorVclmai Davis, 165, Bill of Iowa, Peiriso of Michigan, Wh^Soh Ob Warren Eviston, l'i5, and Piedencks of the RiVcters aie
i^|ik jftpggleii, heavyweight ’‘jinfyohin vi'/lJ cbhtmue foi the lest of i;lie week Tmtil Thui sday eve ih the tbaui will leave foi the
City.
^bebs Defend Title
'MihbCsota is the defending cham-
the outstanding men of the 128 clUss Millei and Fiedericks are un-
defeated so tai this year
In the 135, Dean of Michigan and Alloi of Tll'inois seem to be the top of the clgsfe The 146 crown will piobably come to lest on the head
«,mpeso.a IS xne aeienuing enani- ^ Thompson of Illinois, Rayfh w T bum of Illlno.s^l Gepheit of Iowa (j* .Idst year Minnesota, howevei, is „ . ,, * th j t> * -e. -p i A.*, i. u p A Scabakk of the Illini, Purach of tedm to be feaied as aie .r la.
tho%e of loWa, Illinois and Michi-
Noithwfe^tein and PaiatOr'C of the
« 1 u 1 11 - Riveters aie the men to he feared 11 The Boilermakers will compose .rrn . jpxj fp ,x. X _x xt.. in the 156 Paratoie is undefeated
thus fai
Mightfes Britt And Ruggieri The 166 Will see stich able bodied
% the stiongei teams at the ^atsy having had an imptessive sea .^bf six victories and only one de f Thdt defeat was to the Illini
bf the five defending champions men as Roberts of Wisconsin, Anfrem last yedl, the Boilermakeis thoneinsin of Illinois, Comtnght of ?lj|lnt one. Captain Casey Fiedei the Wolverines and Butt of the Rivl^S^aiThe 121 pound class Iowa eteis Galles of Michigan, Tiestei Champions m the 128 and of Indiana, and Heagei of Wiscon@S|4thy3%lia!sanft]ftort6n,iespec- mn aic the tops of the 176 The tMy ^Semisin is lepiesentcd by heavy Weight will have sdeh men “as %hh li^el^s in the 165, and Michi- Wilcox of Michigan, Arhse of IIgfie ha^ii^^GallCs in the 175 hnois and Ruggieii of the Riveters Mactoonald Rated High The Boileimakeis aie conceded a Some of the outstanding men in fairly good chance of coping the tithe i^8 division aie Roy Pickett of (Continued on page 4)
MEALS! Regardless of the shortage of sugar our meals are just as inexpensive and even more delicious than I before* Dine at the Purdue Union
Ca^sdsudcL
JhsL fiju/ubjuL TnmuMxL QAmoiv The Corner of the CaMpus-—* Yet the Center of Activities
Tankers Await Big Ten Lamteil's Nei Stats P^lKi^uth Naims 14 Mmmm P!ayl>fofessronarBaH CpmpMe fn 2-Daf Qmmi
Chicago, 111, Mai 9 —(Special to
)iist SfiorT Of Classic BatuMay nfghl after the ghme the telegraphei who wired oUi stoiy back Velharked, “Fve seen eveiy home game toi 27 yeais, and this was the most outstanding of them all ” In this he expiessed the sentiments of a great many fans who packed the Huff Memoiial Gymnasium To us that game lepieSented the finest job of cOaching to win one game that has evei been done Piggy Lambert knew we couldn’t lun With Tllinois and Wm—We Would have been beaten ten oi 15 poihts Only Shoof When Under Th6 Hdop AH last week Piggy dialled the team to hold the ball until a real scoring oppoitunity arose Conti ary to many wiiteiS’ opinions, the Boileimakers didn’t stall In fact they tned to use the last bieak Whenevei possible If It didn’t woidt: they just wouldn’t shoot until they weie sure of hitting These instiuctions were earned out peifectly We’ve never seen a clowd so tenSe as Was the Ilhm section Satmday night Instead of the constant booing we piedicted, you could have heaid a pin drop most of the time Mecltanic^i Play Waiting For Broaks Their team was trailing and they weie Waiting foi the Boileimakeis to break and let the game go into a wild melee As the minutes ticked along and Purdue letained then lead, the atmosphere became even njore tchse Slowly the Illini came up and tied the score Then a deflected pass fell into Mathieson’s hands undei the basket— nothing short of an Illinois miiaele—and the damage was done Anothei quick basket sealed the fate of the Boilei makers ^ As Scientific As Possible The game was as scieutincally played by Puidue as it is possible The team knew that if eveiy tiPtife they let gO of the ball they made a basket the Illim coPldn’t get in the lead If it had woiked it would have been a classic Nothing less than puie luck caused a great plan to fail So the stoiy went oPt that Illinois “bounced back to flash its chahipionship form,” and few pei son’s ieahzed how close a gieat coach and a fighting ball club came to Upsetting a supeiioi team A luckily deflected pass kept the Boileimakeis fiom a gieat victoiy, and diopped them to a fifth place tie instead of a tie foi second That IS bgsketball But we still maintain that Piggy Lambeit peifomed hiS greatest Coaching masteipieCe in the final game of his silvei anniveisary season ► Best Team WeWe Met—By Far Anyone who saw Illinois perform will have to admit that they aie easily the finest team we’ve met this season, inciudihg the “Great Lakes team Any othei team against the tactics employed by the Boileimakeis would have lost by ten points We wish them the best of luck in the coming NCAA tournament in which they will lepiesent the Big Ten and the Mid west
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLED Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cole > Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Laia3i^tte
THE DIFFERENCE IS NO CHEMICAL^
Launderies that use harsh chemicals often send your clothes back with frayed threads. With our excellent care and mil4 soap, we do the job like it should be done.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 40H1
Coach Dick Papenguth ahd his squad of Boilermaker
the Purdue Exponent)—Three Kieis, who Only last Saturday cbmpleted the most piomment Purdue basketball pow season seen in years with a well-eameft victory oveP a eihouses, Foirest Spiowi, Don University of Northwestern team, 49-35, wiTl travel tTus Bianken, and JoM Pieiney, stepped gj^jj Arbor, home of Michigan University, where 'spothgtt hL'e^resteiday So™ swimmmg champs
then last Big Ten game of the sea ships
son, when the Boilermakers played Won last year by Michigan’s Wolverines, whose teams ||^ve Illinois at Champaign dominated college aquatics iu the middle West ^6^-’ Finishing then collegiate haid- gial yeais the Westein Cbnfeience wood caieers undei Waid Lambeit, swimming ciovn is again geneially ^ the aces joined the forces of the conceded to be m the bag foi Mich- Indiana, Ilhnois, NorthwesteWi/ChfChicago Biuins, playing then fiist cago and Michigan Stilts ’ ■**' game against the Detioit A^AA five Against Northwestern Sprowl seoied 20 points, Blanken Buckejes Threaten setting thiee, and Tieiney ^eight as they At the same time hovever, Ohio vai sity record in the 100 y8W|^^|| paced the Biuins to a 56 46 win State s Buckeyes iie given a some m the fast time of 53“6, aiiS’gifr All thiee net stais will continue '"'hat moie than outside chance of Krueck, in forcing NorthWe^piT^ in school until they giaduate, they ''■''alking off with fii t place honois Amundson to the hmit in "the asseited howevei Blanken gave up ^he Boileimakeis, beaten this ley relay, liiined in his fastest-tiiiw his eareei as one ot the top mon in 'reason only by the two teams just this Season *
Westein Conference baseball Be mentioned ai e not counted too heav Score Slafns sides captaining Lambeit s five he dy out of the iliniiing foi fiist d^
was the leading hurler on the Boil visfon laufels
eimakei diamond team and was Papengnth announces that ho in selected to go on the mound when tends to take 14 membeis of his
the squad opens dulls next month sqitad to Michigan for the two days AUckei coming in one-tWo, aQ^
Mam factois m the Hoilermalter
victoiy ovei the Wildcats slams made in the backstroke with Cuiley Andersoa
IM Schedules
T^he followine frateri ities will pliy \ollci ball Tuesday nigrht M'lrch 10 rhc&c team tnubt show u 1 iLsd ly niRht to 1l incluUd
in the to irnamcnt
Alpha Chi ■Rho Alpha Kap) a X-ambda
Alpha Tau Ometa T lu Epsilon Phi Delta Xau tlclta Delta Upsilon Kapi a Sit, i *1 Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Kappi I hi K ippa
Sit.ma Pi Kap )a Alj ha Pi Kapp Phi S ma Alpha Epsilon Sit,ma N J
Dpsil m Theta Chi
1-hi
I lash
SQUASH
The followinp: men are to pla> Tuesday afternc on Mareh 10
4 O Clock
Beck vs Berman ^loheart vs Lontf Goldstein vs Weir 4 30 O Clock Wells vb France Knowlcb vb Taube Tyson Vb Kat/.
bKATERMTY BADMINTON Tuesday llVIarch 10 4 15 p m Court 1 Acacia Vs Phi Kapna Tau Court 2 Alpha Chi Rho \s Phi Sigma Kappa Court 3 Alpha Sitma Phi vs Laml da Chi
Alpha
Court 4 Pi Kappa Aloha vs Tnanglo Court 5 Pi Kappa Phi vb Theta Xi Couit 6 Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Ph
Fp iIqi
4 45 P m
Court 1 Theta Chi vs Tau K i pa Eibilon
Court 2 Sigma Aloha Mu
Ihi
of competition that stait Fiiday and ife basing a gieat deal of his hope foi victoiy on the lelay teams, a souice ol scoiing strength all sea
son
Medley Relay Strong Composed of Captain Dick Kiat zei Ciiiley Andeison and Joe 'Wil hamson the pei fOi mances of the medley lelay team have been con tinually one of the biightest spots m all Rivetei meets this season, and against Indiana they established a new vaisity iccoid of 3 07 foi the
event
The lelay team, which also has a chance of placing in the coming Big Ten meet is composed of Fred Hen Flank Biannei Jim Kiueck, and also Captain Kiatzer Best Perforitiartce In winning fiom Noithwestein last Satuiday the Boilermakeis till ned in jFerhaps the best peiffoVm ances of then dual meet season that closed with that meet Losing only
You trust its quality
440 yard sprfnt m whick Vern Jpfife sel and Cli^f Hiickson 'fimsK^lm fiist and second place respem*^.
Following the Big Ten ship meet on the Riveter
IS the State Intel collegiate Meei^iip be held here on IVfatch 21, an4 thi NCAA meet to be held at Bajp* vaid on the 27th and 28th of March. Make Trip ‘ The 14 men who will ralAfe *the
tnp to Michigan are as Hon, Kiatzei, Krueck,
Anderson, Ancker, WilliaihSO^, ^ ickson, Tingley, Hoin, HaftM,‘Lake, Jiiengst, and Bower ^ Riveter fraitriRea Conp^ k Relays At Ratter ktoddy
Ikis Satnrdhy afternoon
, to Michigan and Ohio State, the Phillips and the fau Lp lion Riyetci s kaVe gamed decisions ovei track sq'uad will journey to Ihai-
anapohs foi the 19th hAnttok io©* ning of the mid-west’s most fhl mdooi track cafnivM, IRe &atlei Relays Up to life present some 220 of the foremost aU^teq m the Pountiy fiaVe 4ffte1-ed^ti>fq w Ol Id-famons -meet Wtneh ihfgnated by the Boilermaker mehlot
m 1932 while he w&s
Bulldogs
Jentsch IPs Riveter Hope THie eh!ef point getter, as far as the Riveters a* concerned, n^itlJbe thb mile lelay team which fini]^tf«4 a dose third hekhid Michigan Ohio State m the Conference me4t last Saturday A1 Jentsch, who was nosed out by the two ^at Hoo^W milers, CampbCil Kane and Mitchell, with a time' d£ same meet, should-iftinerlr^^TU^ etei points this weekend, ^ The Bollermakei’s chief 111 the oiiaitei mile will be thony Last Saturday evening thony finished a tew yards hack ^ Bob Uler when the WolverUMi spoCdstei hioke both the feg and Ameiican lecrirds w^ h% amazing tlipe of 48*1 Sec ibr- thfe distance t“, Buckeyes Lead Pack s. Poi the past e%ht aocepal^ yeais Michigan has he^ Relays This yehr, Woiveiines wiH M than ever before hjr l^tij^ squads as OMO State, lUhibWi Indiana All three of theSO M topped the Wolves m ence meet last wedc ^ ^ sy* • The Buckeyes, ted hy stoqky ibll Wiight hurdler extra<¥^dit^* lolled up a total^of 31? become the 1942 Big Wught Who is beyond a do^bt greatest timbei topperlS the wetl^ today, equalled the ords m both the high an^iew les in addition to the 60 yard dash ' ^ tr * Hoosier Mane UiMefha'Ml Another indivt^Slft ((?%htJnvi(gft Sa pale 4^''’"' i *
The iaste of ice-cold Coca-Cola is pleasantly exciting .. . with no after-taste. It brings a feeling of complete refreshment . . . all you want and you want it alt.
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY
COCA COLA BOTTLIMG CO.
6th and Salem Sts. Lafayette, Ind.I /
■j% |i fj* »
jjfiWMitWW*wr«WWW9»*»^y>wwOT,:<wywywnw^^*<<l*Tf!»<»-R^y«WT^*»tTtgyn^.n«g^vin/5TT??*?^^
!>' ' ' >'')f p; a^f ^
V . 'i ! ’ ”1 i' vJ
PufduS Exponent
Tuesday, March B, 1942
la
i 11 If 0) 11
SCOUTIAIC THE SHOPS 1 with Judy McCiillniiqti
iltlEllltlllllllUlllliillillillllllilllllllllllllllllllilililllllllllillllilllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllEr Iti, New Yoik Mciich 11 PEN INSPECTION W EEK . . . Wtstinffhouse An Biake Comat Soinhtvortil's, aiul llioii inollo js Wo eoll pon> 1I1.1I don'l neod P‘i’iy> Wilmeuline, Pa, Date to he
pen> lEiat <lo ncod iix n * '^outhnorlh s n ntoi window lonounced latci di«plav ad\citisos ‘pen liospitali^ation' and oTTois West Bend Aluminum Co, West fioo mspoclion of \oin founlain pen Foi tins week Bend, Wis Maich 11 onh, the icginlai (ip:lil dollais and so\ontv-fiM. cent Combustion rnuineciiiiK E\cieEiaip pen with a lili-timo <iuaianloo is s<>nin<!; New Yoik, N Y Maich 12 at a fom dollai udiKtion foiii dollais and soventv- Coin Pioducts Relininj, (o ET\c cent" Too tliou aio otlici spoiial piicos on Illinois Match 11
I Personnel Notes
S Companies Scheduled To Visit _ ^ I the Campus - CourSC S Pliilco Radio and Television Corp , The second period of the defense S Philadelphia, Pa Maich 10 pistol firing coiuse will begin soon
^ Oicln^nce Depaitment Roches- and any coed may sign up for the the Umon" Prof "schnnu Hnnacn wiTr laTk April pertormanco —SERBAfr
course outside the Sweetshop today
from 4 to 5 30 p m A chaige of ments —parks
10 cents will be made foi ammuni-
!
Women Studentfl- Coeds Inte^sted
iatior
Union Workers Committee meeting; at Scabbard and Blade Dance Committee — ,, , 4 IB p m in the Umoh office Bob Senour Important meeting today at 4 30 p m in summer work should file applieai_ Roy Miner Lloyd Hartimel Will H,aznrd the Exponent office The following rtiembers the Women’s placement^service in^tne
Dick ColIiBter Jim Stallings John Wolling compose this committee Raber Ruffner - . .. Judd Veai Leonard Cohn Emory Middoui Long Cullen Wood Kiintz Crimm and
Pat Tuhey Dale Duffin Dale Keister Will Spencer —STAHL Hiller, Phil Hniris Ken Fold Phil Muller
Dick Prhss and Jim Cinig —DEUSTER Modern Dance All girls in the last per
— — formance be at the Business meeting to Student Art Guild Open meeting Wednes night at I Thcie will also be a short meet-
day March U at 8 p m in room 261 of iiig of all chairmen ol committcra_foi ^thc
^ Wk. eciitive Building befoie Saturday, March 17.
—FENBT t
WAA Ping-Pong Thinl round of tour-
nament must be played off by Tuesday, March 11 Heckart vs Melnzer. Faiistlch
vs Conpci Milkv vs Rndgrstorf
—SCHUBER
Student Ushers Student iishois nnd po
Sophofnorc Aero’s All applications for B S Aero Lngr dcBiee must he on file
aihity liaskctball games got their in loom 210 Ml building not later thhlj
Co
Ai
Union Workers All bridge woikers plense
tion expenses and the couise will icport today at 4 p m m the Umon office^
, , n W1 tJIijlv I-zJ-jW lo la'^t SIX ■weeks The two sections oi
the class Will meet on Tuesday and Thinsday fiom 7 to 7 SO p m ot
fl Oin 7 lO to 8 p m Honorary Presidents The presidents or The coed defense couises aie their rcprcsontativts if the following Hoii
student Senate Meeting today at 7 10 pm m the Sciinti office Flictions will la discussed — DIBOS
founlain pen- anti jientils—and lilieial tiadc-ins on your old pen VT In not sto]) in the -ton and takt advantage of pen mopeetion week and its outstanding liaigams^ LEf LABOUR HA>E HER SARONG . . . lest as«ined you can't go wiong in tlie Dohutramps DoJight =kiits foi Spnng’ Quoon ( it^ displays an alla^ ol these ‘lioon to Itinniinc fashion" that le next to natuit in its seasonal beauty —hiseions jiastel -Indes of yellow, pink, gieeu. and blue natuial- ud- hiottn- and lovely pastel pJauls The piedominaiit style is the cvei-popnlai pleated «kut although theie are any nnmhei of v iinlion- one ol whieh is the skirt with an aet omjianMng -addh halliei belt These skiits ne fcatnud in hnt cpi dity silks and ytools. and iit ])n( t d fi om tw o dollaiand ninety-eight cent- on iiji lit juvenali yoiii
wardrobe VMth skii t« foi Spun,.'
AND SPEAMSg Ol RE]l^ENAT10N . . . what girl eouldn t u«e i little skin lepiyeneseence altei the past (I hojie I month- ol l)iee/\ wintei weathei '' T ooh s aie piesenting Doiothv Giay cosmetics
Dcvoc and Raynolds Co Inc
Louisville, Ky Coming soon Worn , ^ , on chemists and women chemical completed
engiiueis witli B S M S , oi Ph D—come to the Peisonnel Office immediately and schedule an intci
view
Philco Ridio and Television Co, Phil idelphia Pa Maich 10 E E Schedule an iiTtervicw m the Pet
sonnel Olficc immediately
(hevroiet Muncie (Division ot
Wrestlers Battle (Continued from page .O)
tie With such men as MacDonald, Eiedeiicks, Butt, Paiatoic and Ruggieii having come thiough the season without a dual meet loss, the Riveteis should go places in the Big
Gcneial Motors), Muncic Indiana Ten meet —Maich 12 ME and EE Schedule Ol the schools m the conlCignce,
.in Intel view immcdiatclv
Peisonnel Office
March 16 in circlei to Iil considcicil
—WOOD
Phi Lambda Upsilon Business meeting
ricctioii of pliclgts Tuesday March 10, 5 00 in room 12<) of the Chem Annex All iptem-
bcis are iccpiestLcl to he present
—MONTGOMERY
WAA BhufflelHiard Third round ot toulnnim lit imist he playid oft by luesday, Mnieli 11 Bower \s Shell Sihiibci Vb J ihiisoii —SCHUBER Sf A Bonicl meeting luesclay March 10
at 7 iO pm Pertinent mutter will be dis
Delta Rho Kappa and Sigma Delta ictsiliy Much III it ID p m in cichHecI lull attendance icqulred
DIBOS ^hc woim n s pool MOGAVERO
-KRALPFLIfN
WAA Members Petitions for WAA Cptin-
Westminsfci Iciundition Blaclcout laiti eil pohitions must bo turned in to the WAA riieli> Miiieli H Meet in the elinieh oltiei in the gvm by Tutsdaj^ March 10
money at the ticket oillcf m the rieldhouse
—DOAN
Junior Mcehunlcnl Engineers All iiinior ML s who have not filled out their per lonnel iccoid rdrds should stop at the of llee in the Meclianioa) 1 ngineeiing Biiilei in„ and fill mit then eaiels befor Salm day Mni li 11 VOGLER
Alpha Pill Omega Iheie
- - - ill he i meet
, , ,, , 1 1 r. oraiios will attend ii biief meeting in the imsiliiv Maleli It) nt '' JO )> m in sponsoi cd by the Gold leppcis un- student Senate olTiec on rhuiselay M ireh ni IO" ol Ui Union Di Suns will speak elm i Vies enine.1 vi'-ieiii evi tbe milltfirv ^ P Eta K ippa Nu Pi fail SlGl 1 it clei me supeivision Ol me miiuaty Lpsilon Catilyst Pill lambela _ »_ depaitment Fho fiist six week Upsilon Omicion Nu K ippn Psi Alphi Triton (lull Theie will be iieculumeol
7 eta
I’hi
Student War Council Meeting Tluirselay Murch 12 at ” 15 p m in the Student S(n ate oiFicc —DIBOS
I iinuc at ” 1 p m Thdc will be k,umts Roffcr WilliamR Cluli Cabinet will meet ml rrfiisbmciiGs stivod I venom is in
nt the p irsonatt- at 110 S Giant today at vit<d
a 30 pm —ULRFY mOMA Student Senate Impoitant convonlioP WcRtininhlcr Girls Club Mtctint, lu(s committee meeting to lay il 4 pm j_n Jhc d iv Maich 10 at Mis lindUys honit 12)
Senate olTicc
SrrciCLR Sheet/ si Snppi
Roger Williams Club Skitinj Pntv nt Maple Point Satuidiv nieht March 11 Meet at the Church at 8 admission 26c
—ULIU Y
AWS Executive Board No mcetinp: Wed
the the Riveteis deietlted Noithwcstein m.sday evening Mn\\h ll Next meeting _ - cN. 1 1 nu on Wcdncbd-w Mireh 18 U 4 in AWS of
ttMce Indnna Ohio State and Chi
at 5 10 rkelion
VrUlUL
fee
McCULLOCH
fliveinr Trackmen (Continued iiom page 0)
expected to mal c a fine showing at the Relays is Campbell Kane The giant Iloosiei has nc\ci been dc
cago Besides these victonc-, the Boilcimakeis also beat Findl i\ Col
Icgc 111 then season openei
as the ideal line lot yoiuhlul eomplexions as it j^atod in a Big Ton meet since his
definitely is lacking in hainilul ingiedients All— Heed the Doiothy Giav consultant iioni the New Aoik -alon will lie in tlic (o-nKlK dep 11 tinenl at T oph s fi om iVI ii < h I lie c h \ < nth to the linii tecntli le lUii ing make up in the new Spiini. coloi ( iim-on Gloiy a deli.,litfiil new jloial cologne Golden Ok hid and liei idvise and consiilta tion^AIis-Reed will lie happy to-]>( ak at tin y ai ions woim n s halls
and houses at then leqne-l
It’S REALLA NOT A RACKEl . . . hut six dilTeient make-of them, including lenni-, liadnnnton and squa-h D< (k s is -hoyiing a pi lade of the fine-t latkets in tlu woild nuiny ol yyhich may neyoi lx ]iiodu((d again Imliidid in the collection is tin f iinoiis I nglisli and Aiitialian lacket, S/«r<7iger 1 he pines, i iii_ing from OIK and a hall ilollais lo seyentcen and <i half dollais, hay< definitely not lieen laisei What with Spnng ]}i ae tie illv upein us and Sum mer juht aiound the eeuiiei—it s high tiiiu that we tuin oui attention to the eonils—and 1 don I mean pidie lal
sophomoic yen in the mile event Also IS one ol Ihte most consistent hall mileis in (ollcgialc cindci com petition Lail Mitchell 1 sophomoic Iiom Indiana is a sine bet to place high in both the tfmlc ind ty\o mile cyents The slight IIoosici ace now holds the Contcience title in liK specialty the two mile In addition Mitchell came yyithin a Y^nd ot t ik mg the mile event tiom his tc im
Notices
ASMI I )inl iiKcling ol stii lent bi intli 111 Ciitiil Ini Uti n Fiulli Much 11 Jt 8 I m in I nsl 1 ic illy 1 (nngi ot tin Union In/ tilks (( U gu n by In 1< nl mcml 1 r ih Ui v iv if ! f Ri i loll I h 1 stit t ll tub All mc(l u icnl
.V U III LOIII 1
Dairy Club Meeting will be held tonight it " JO in loom 108 ol Smith Hill Noniimi tionb ot olliccis will Ih held and i good piogiam will be followed bV leficshniciits BU ft ER PIA Tt 1 Danci Situidaj March 11 fiom J to 6 30 p m in Niith B illtoom in the Union -\SHB1FR Alpha /eta Meeting in loom 106 ol the Unun at " 10 tonight —SWAIM
Kiippa l*si Ml lint ot 11 actives an 1 I Ic Igcs in lion 11 ol tli Ih lunacy Bliild II g Widncsdiv Miiih 11 it I p m Chi Epsilon Impoitant muling Tics dn Mjich 10 it 1 16 | m in th i< id ing lum (I tlu Ch niiciil Eng nuiing
1 nildin,. fcOHkN
-PIDGEON
Alpha Lambda Della Meeting Tuesday Marih 10 iii room 216 of the Union at 7 I m Spcakei will he Miss Bond of the depiiilmciit of physical education for wom(11 Iviiyom bi thiie —MacDONALD Radio e lull Meeting luesday, March 10, I m in loom f ol thy Ll. Building will b( loi ked it 7 15 —MILLS
Alpha 7etn Pledges (t the Union at " 15 boxes
Meet in room 10. ti night Bring full SWAIM
Di
Agriculturist Schedule for interviews ot jiiniois IS lus follows on Tuesday March 10, in till A iicultuiist office Butler, 4 10, Felix 4 20 Bcigei 4 10 Davis 4 40 Diesslin I 15 Nordlingcr 4 66 Hardesty, 6 Oo, I ee 5 15 Blown 5 25 —SNYDER Kappa Delta PI Meeting Tuesday, March 10 at 15 pm 111 Fducation Building Se-
MF 30 Make Up expms Examinations to lection of pledges and ipport of national rimovo C ami 1 giadis in MI 10 will be convention —HAYS given Satniday Maich 11 at 1 pm in room —— -
101 (f the MF I uildiiig Please notify me Browsing Room GommUtlee Meeting of if iiitenslcd — G1 IGl R ill lommittii mcmlicis Fuesday Mar 10
II 1 15 pm —HUDSON
Dislingmsheil studenis Rtf ids iit now -—— ivailablo it tlu c isliui olliii to Ihi A I (h 1 All chgipicul engineers and 1 \tculivo Biuldini HOI I I NSBL chtmislrv students an iiiviUd to hear FoiI si A Andcisons Icctuic Industry s ChuJYWCA Petitions f n ( ib net positions li ngi to Clu mic ll LiUuation ’ at 7 30 Wed(1 1 in ill 1C Wtlnisdiv Ml 1 ll n ii d ly Mill 11 in Room 120 EF BuildSMIIH 11 g —KRAYBUL
ngiiKiis w ll Riding Club
las Muili lilt Ur n
Im 111 t
tin
I I 1
I om 10 . ( HI OWN
Scibbard We In sd ly
mil BI ide
M iih U 11 1 t 1
1 imil plid in
III 1 m r Ib 1 n I iims No wliit 111 I isf I II irlilli r\
W ill I I ICsH ti 1 11 tl
H Mutn Iwi oil
I till ll I I lacli m n
mini m I n„
SUf 1 IV VN*
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 435‘1 We Deliver
yjXoreWei
W iiitcd lull limi sftnogripber and tncral olTiic assist tilt I’urdiie back rtiuiul preferred Applv by litter hx iMinint Box No 1
I ypew rtlers II III I I II
Addii g M 1 h
r I 1 I I 1(1 I ( i 1 I I I 11 10
H mi! I Mm
M 11
SCllK at ly 111(1
1(1 be picstnt (lull Mielin Thus I IS Maich K 2K (1 lh( Union it " iO p m ( \l ! I h ■ Caikt Officcih Sign un immidi a Iv in I us I llttin htaid 1 n p Is 1 1 U( I ol 1 s lak I 11 lOHNSON
t III ilysl k s I (tic 1 ( W Kiw I I ( ill W lly 1''20)
nr I Ittini il All ll M yil I lilt I I si I I tt r 1 m
leit St 1 11 nixt twt I s n„ in the Fh 1 Wilicsdiv SMITH
To save your clothes from Moth Damage, w(' use the Monitc Moth-Proof Proci’ss— To Isnprom* your porsonai appearance use Crown Cleaning Regularly. Laufjo^y
Top of tlio lull
There’s satisfaction in knowing that the 6V2^ revenue tax you pay on every pack of twenty cigarettes is doing its bit for Uncle Sam Every time you buy Chesterfields you get the satisfaction of a smoke that’s definitely MILDER, far COOLER and BETTER-TASTING. Chesterfield’s superior blend of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos will give you more smoking pleasure than you ever had before. Try a pack of Chesterfields today.
*2-000 Oon^
'^004
’■'"O'/bron.
19^2 Liccsti a Mruu Tou&co
The Way to Cot Expenses and iricrease Sales Is to Advertise in the PUBDUE EXPDIVEIVT
jar-i
* V*