'•!.'W\
("
' ■‘T. ‘-iSt 7^
V Js ‘ f
';7S77
<M# {
'•), ^ '■ ii-’i
EDITORIALS
^ }
Comment f On Coed Capers
MERRY43ir-ROUHI^ 1
Reveals FDR
Facing Labor Strike
Established 1889
Divide and Conquer
Volume 56, No. 41
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
'7
Tuesday, Augilsf 3, 194^
Playshop Pan-Hell Council Gives Rushing Rules
New officers for the Pan Hellenic Council, a campus intersorority gr^up, are Janet Bahls, Kappa Alpha Theta, president; Mary Jane Doll, Al-
Announces New Board; Elects Bahls President
Delong To Head Theta Alpha Phi New Playshop Managing Board was announced at the organization’s picnic Sunday by Betty Gray, ex-stage man-
, . . student Union has announced Mary Lou Steinberg will pn& Xi D6lta., vicG prGsidGnt that interviews and ele’ctions will takfi ovGf 3,s stagG inanagGr and rush chairman; Marilyn be held today in the West Faculty Boh Shanker as ticket mahager;
Union To Hold Term Elections, Banquet Today
Alpha Chi Omega Takes First Place In Coed Capers Saturday Night
Demaree, Kappa Kappa Gamma, seci’etary; and Annie Stinson, Phi Mu, treasurer. These officers are elected for a term from September 1 to the end of the semester in
June, 1944.
Rushing will be held in November from the sixth to the twelfth. The
Lounge at 6 p. m. Immediately after Dick Delong, USNR, business man-
interviews the annual banquet will
Distribution 0( Last Big War Debris Starts Next Week Early next week the last big De-
be held.
Those eligible for senior positions are: Jean Holtson, Mary Bowlby, Katie Gannon, Jim Craig, and John Woolling. Junior positions are being peti-
ager; Peg Steffes, house manager; bris for the duration will be disConnie McCoid, personnel manager, tributed to all subscribers, accordand Carroll Martindell, publicity ing to John Wiske, Debris editor-in-manager. chief. The book is slightly bigger At elections of Theta Alpha Phi, than the last one with 357 full size
national dramatic honorary, held P^-ges.
last week Dick Delong was chosen Many new improvements have
council has adopted the following tinned for by: Richard Hupp, Roger ^.s president; Mary Lou Sternberg, been incorporated in the publishing
rules for sorority rushing,
Rush Rules Given
Rushing will include all upperclassmen including the sophomores. Freshmen who entered in the January or May terms and will have earned at least 16 credit hours by the end of that semester, freshmen who entered in the February intrasession and continued through the summer session, and freshmen who entered in the June intra-session
and attended the semi-term will al- . „ . . • , . r, „ r- „„ , 1- -ui A free song festival at 8:16 toso be made eligible. ,
night featuring Marvin Smith has
All eligibilities depend upon the arranged to replace the Cocompletion of 16 hours work and a juj^bian Park Concert program ori-
ginally scheduled. The original pro-
Samuelson, Bob Holmes, Dick vice president; Connie McCoid, of this year’s annual, the most imRasse, Chic Thompson, Hugh Klein, treasurer; Mary Lou Fairman, sec- portant of which are the more com-
Hal Rubenstein, and C. O. Roberts. Columbian Park To Hold Free Song Festival Tonight
retary, and Elaine Kail, historian. pletely filled two column pages. The New Player Officers pages resemble those of a regular Purdue Player offices have also book, since extravagant use of decchanged hands. At the last meeting, orative white space has been elimiMary Lou Sternberg^ was elected nuted. However, none of the picpresident; George Sykes, USNR, tures have been cut down, vice president; Connie McCoid, sec- a full page, four color picture retary; Dick Delong, treasurer, and graces the front section; this is the Betsy Jansing, Mary Lou Fairman first of its kind to be used in the and Carroll Martindell, executives, last four years. For easier identiNew Players who are to be ini- fication the name of each senior aptiated tomorrow evening are: Mary pears beneath his picture in the se-
Lou Fairman, Charles Dahlquist, nior section.
Elaine Kail, Frances Robinson, Bob
Honoraries List Pledges
scholastic index of 3.6. No one failing in these requirements is eligible to register for rush. Transfer students from accredited colleges or universities who fulfill requirements equivalent to these may also
register.
Phillips Tells Effects Of War On Future Life “The effects of the war are always bad, and this one will be no exception’’ said Prof. Robert Phillips of the history, economics and government department in an address before members of Tau Beta Pi at their summer initiation banquet last night. Professor Phillips’ topic was, "When the Lights Go On Again’’ and in his discussion he prophesied certain consequences of the present conflict. “Unemployment, crime waves, political corruption and a breakdown of social standards are the main reactions which will claim the attention of the American public just as they did after the last war,” said Prof. Phillips. English Policy Good The English are doing something about preventing future crime
gram featuring Metropolitan Opera baritone Donald Dickson was cancelled when Dickson had to give up his seat on his plane from Los Angeles, according to Al Stewart. Smith graduated frqm the University a year ago, after culminating his cai'eer as featured soloist with the Concert Choir by winning the senior award as the man most active in campus musical activities. He is now on leave from the Army Air Forces before going to Idaho. The program will also feature
pleting their senior year in the
^ ,. ,,, , , „ 7 TT -j University, and to University grad Caroline Wood and Barbara Heide, , , , ^ ^ uates of the past year who are plan-
Bigger Military Section Sailors, aviation cadets, ensigns and the ROTC are featured in a bigger military section. The theme presents the story of this year’s University With more copy, more facts and the same amount of
pictures.
All features are worked out in chronological order. Instead of a dry series of 26 pages of honorary photographs, each school has its
with Gold Peppers are offering joint honoraries before the section descholarship grants to women, com- voted to that school. An informal
shot accompanies the group picture and stress has been laid on thd use
Shanker and Margaret Slate. Gold Pepper To Give Joint Scholarships With Pan-Hellenic Pan Hellenic Council together
By Ruth Ford
Coed Capers last Saturday proved to everyone that coeda on the campus have the talent to put on a good s^iow. Although parts of the proj^am were not up to snuff, the outstanding acts made the time
worthwhile.
Al Stewart, head of musieat organizations, acted as master of ceremonies for the ten act affair. He announced each act and filled in when Dave Simpson, who provided organ music between acts, was called to accompany an act.
Virginia Reichenbach wildly clutches her skirt while Nancy Holbrook, Stewart also announced Caper windressed as a sailor, pleads with her during the PIA skit which was ,part and lead the audience in ah
impromptu singing of “Harvest
Moon”.
Alpha Chis Win
Taking first place with their first class singing, the Alpha Chi Omegas lead the acts in audience appeal. The co-eds showed true stage poise when they remained unruffled while certain uncalled for demonstrations in the form of penny throwing came from a few members
of the audience.
Wilma Jean Palmer directed the
singing.
with Dave Simpson at the piano The group singing led by Al Stewart will include such songs as “Home on the Range” and “Johnny Zero” as well as a number of ser-
vice songs.
Another act will be scheduled later to take the place of Mr. Dick'
son’s appearance in the regular se- ^ committee composed of the
ries of Columbian Park Concerts. Ellioft To Speak As Guest On Town Meeting l^rogram
of big pictures.
The Debris is printed on the same quality paper as its predeccesor; the color brown is used throughout, even on the cover, with a bright
green in the first section. Copies Still Available
There are a few copies yet available, and persons may subscribe at the Union west desk or in the Debris office upstairs. All who are planning to buy are urged to do so
The letters of application will be fiefoie next Monday, when orders
will no longer'be accepted. Seven-
ning to do advanced study this year either at the University pr at some
other college.
Those senior women whose grades have satisfied the 4.5 cumulative index application requirement for the grants have been noti-
of Coed Capers, held Saturday evening in the Music Hall.
Victory Varieties Will
Feature Seven Acts Drunken Professor, Byton Dancers
To Appear In Second Novelty Convo Maury Stein and his Chez Paree orchestra will provide the
music for the semester’s second production of Victory Varie- skit”'”'^^ placed second
ties Saturday at 8 p. m. in tljie Music Hall.
The production contains a total of seven acts, of which one,
the By ton Dancers, appeared in the first Victory Varieties Third place was taken by Chi last month. The dancers, which included ten girls at the time ^ scene depictingHBorof the first show, now have in- T ‘Z
, ,, . ’ , Bobby Jean Riggs who sat on a l«df creased their number to 12. derviewing'thg^jnra intheaudienco According to Al Stewart, these with a telescopemia^ashlight.
girls are all under 20 years old and are quite good acrobats.
showing changes in
campus life since the war. Rita Hill read the continuity for the progrhm.
Frosh Engineers To Choose Schools Before Saturday
Dean of Women and a representa' five from each of the organizations Committee To Judge Letters
judged on the basis of financial
need, relative importance of the ap- hundred
President E. C. Elliott will go to plan of study, and the eli-
All second semester freshman engineering students who have not Prof. Slyter, comedy inebriate already done so are expected to file Kiusician, composes the third act entheir choice of schools or curricula titled ‘‘A Magician’s Night Out”, in the office of W. A. Knapp, asso- He pulls tirinks out of the air, and ciate dean of engineering, in the pictures the vivid nightmares of a Executive Building before noon on drunken magician for the audiSaturday, Dean Knapp has an- ence.
nounced.
The following carilcula are avail-
Pi Phis Place Fourth
A chorus of 12 smooth stepping The second act, the Malone Sisters, ai-e a group heard daily on WGN, Mutual. The sisters sing
copies have been able to engineering students: aero-
The theme of their skit w^;s the gay
nineties’ bar room.
Judges for the acts were Prof. Prank Hockema, assistant to the president; Lt. Col. Edward fl. Hicks, commanding officer of the first battalion of the 1645th Service Unit; and Com. H. S. Bartle|r» head of the navy unit stationed on
campus.
Honoraries Pledge Members Between acts, pledging of new Mortar Board and Gold Pepper
Indianapolis Thursday where he will appear in the evening on a national broadcast in t^e American Town Meeting of the Air series. Among others on the program will be Norman Isaacs, of the edi'
gibility of the applicant.
This combined grant was oiiginated in 1938 and has been given to ten women since then. Last year no candidate for graduate work proved eligible, and the award was di-
waves by their present policy of torial staff of the Indidnapolis vided ^mong five senior women,
keeping the adolescent Britishers News, formerly editor of the Indibusy and occupying their time with anapolis Times; Dr. Emil Lengyel, victory gardens and school work. ‘A author, educator, and historian; and program such as that is definitely Prince Hubertus Friedrich zu needed for this country.’ he said. Lowensteinm, visiting professor,
(See PHILLIPS, page 4) lectuier and author.
The application deadline was yesterday. Sometime alter this, the Gold Pepper, Pan Hellenic scholarship committee will announce the names of those..who will receive the
awards.
The yearbook will continue to be published as a University record; however, due to shortages of photographic materials, paper, printers and staff members, the book will
necessarily be smaller. Debris will filled, still be a major activity on campus. Will Follow Catalogue Program
Civilian students interested
Dancing Team From Walnut Room Straight from the Walnut Room of the Bismark hptel come Lischer-
nautical, chemical civil, electrical, on and Adams, the dancing team held. Mortar Boards
mechanical, metallurgical, public which composes the fourth act. service engineering, and engineer- They will leave immediately for an
opening at the Netherlands Plaza
in Cincinnati on Sunday.
ing |law. Students who fail to file notice of choice of schools may be assigned to any school whose quota
Exponeni* Ad Staff Important meeting, 4 p. m. today at office. Please be there. —GAUNT
Professor Babcock Directs Publication Of Six Campus Bulletins As Busy University Editor
who had been tapped in the morning were Nelda Byron Reed, Carol Roblee, and Mary Lou Sternberg.
m, 4. • C- 1 n Announcement of Gold Pepper T ® pledges was a surprise to the new
members as well as to the audience. They are as follows: Barbara
, 1 j j. 11 -1 • • < . , „ mi • 1 , . Curry, Phyllis Baker, Katherine
chemical and metallurgical engi- wired to bells. This team has played
neeimg and engineering law will the Chicago theater four times in p Caroline Richardson, follow the Piograms of study as the past year. p^^ty Jane Ribordy, Carol Roblee. outlined for these fields in the latest ^^ick roller skating act featur- Ruth Ralston, and Mary Lou Stern-
Univeisity catalogue. j^g the “Two Speeds” will make up
Civilian students interested in the sixth act.
and his Musical Stair-Tones. Four persons dance their way up and in down a set of stairs which aie
bei’g.
By Mary Anne Mackey Many people know Professor Babcock as the teacher and reader of Shakespeaie, but few people know that he is the University editor, with his Office in the Service and Stores Building. Professor Babcock, as editor, is responsible for the grammar, the artistic arrangements of the pictures, and the printing of the bulleiins published for distiibution from the University. Responsible For Bulletins During the first six months of the year, he and Miss Frances Wallace, the assistant editor, are responsible for the publication of six University bulletins. The January bulletin is a report of the University president and trustees. February means that it is time for the auditor’s report of all student organizations. The bulletin which is used most frequently by all present and prospective students is published in March. It is the general^
catalogue. Always until this year, April has been the month for the publication of the summei session catalogue, but since there was no summer session this year, a bulletin entitled, Purdue Trains Women, was published. This IS a bulletin which explains all the oppoitunities offered women here in the University. May brings the financial leport of the University, and June is the month for the giaduate catalogue. Engineering Bulletins Issued Eveiy other month duiing the year, a new engineering bulletin is published. It is not uncommon for Professor Babcock and Miss Wallace to spend several days checking the pi'inter’s copy with the original copy of an interesting bulletin on soil mechanics or dam construction. Also duiing the year, the Purdue News bulletins aie published thiough the editor’s office. The news bulletins consist of informa-
tion from various schools, a pamphlet containing pictuies of the University, or lectures given by notables who have visfted our'‘campus. 96 Bulletins Published For the year of June 1942 to June 1943, the office published 96 vaiioiis bulletins totaling 665,450 copies. About fifty thousand of_ these bulletins have been distri-' buted on the campus, ninety-five thousand through the mail, and the remainder will be distributed in the near or more distant future. While Professor Babcock and Miss Wallace edit copy or read proof. Miss Crete Warnock, the clerk, is busy mailing the published bulletins to inquiring people. All prospective students probably receive a “cat”, “pict”, and “cost”. If a high school principal writes for information, he may be sent a “cat” and the “works”. But this is all just office talk. What the student really receives is a University catalogue,
a pictorial of the University, and a booklet stating the various expenses of a college student. The high school principal leceives the catalogue and a package of many booklets, each describing a different course of study offered. The daily mailing list of the office consists of students’ parents, Indiana high school students, state and out-of-the-state libraries, engineers thioughout the country, high school piincipals and superintendents, and many colleges and universities. The permanent maijmg list kept by by the office to which all publications of the office are sent, consists of colleges thi’oughout the states, Indiana public libraries, 850 Indiana high school principals and superintendents, and 1,600 out-of-state high schools. On mafty days Miss Warnock sends out over one thousand envelopes “stuffed” with vaiious pamphlets and bulletins about the University.
aeionautical, civil, electrical and mechanical engineering will follow the plans of study used by the navy in the V-12 progiam. To Continue Civilian Programs The University plans to continue progiams of studies for civilian students in all fields of engineering in which degi’ees are now being offered. Plans of study independent of the navy V-12 program will be maintained in chemical, metallurgical and public service engineering due to the fact that the navy does not offer curricula in these fields, according to a statement made by Dean Knapp. Fiist teim engineering freshmen may also file their choice of schools or curi’icula at this time or may defer their choice until the end of the semi-term. Announcements s The announcements and invitations to senior commencement are now on sale at the cashier’s office. They will remain on sale until Monday, July 9, or until the supply is exhausted. The invitations are ten cents each, and the announcements are two for five cqnts. Senior passports must be shown.
Plans have been made to continue Victory Varieties as a mopthly feature as long as it is reasonably selfsuppoiting. Union Changes Jukebox Dance Jukebox Jamboree will be held tomorrow afternoon fiom 4 to 5 instead of Tuesday as was originally scheduled. The reason for this change was the fact that more servicemen have free time on Wednesday. Thd Jamborees have been popular and the turnout at the previous affairs was enthusiastic. Eds, coeds and servicemen have danced and jittered to the tunes of the jukebox and this Wednesday’s gathering is expecting to be even better attended, according to Union officials. The dancing will take place in the Noith Ballroom of the Student Union from 4 to 6 in the afternoon. Males will be admitted for 10 cents while the coeds may enter gratis. Servicemen m uniform will be admitted free.
Speech 14 Students To Hear Special Cenvo Students enrolled in Spegcli classes may substitute the Special Speech 14 cCnvo tomorrow night # 7:16 in Fowler Hall for attendaiicp at a regular class meeting tilijl week if they so arrange with thj^ir instructors, Prof. L. S. Winch, acting head of the speech section has announced. The five students selected from all the Speech 14 sections to give their talks as examples of the hi' formative speech are: G. Aleh^k, Frank Batug, H. L. Kohn, E. J. »e* sor, and J. A. Rodgers. Mudball hey there clarence i gu^ with all the pennies ^ around the music hall somcepe on the campus muat hqve extra money to spare it poch. more money continues tq Hew onto the music hall stage i am starting a show of py own to collect a littlePurdue Exponent
Tuesday, August 3, 1943
Purdue Exponent
, Offices: Editorial and Busineti Purdue Memorial Union, PKone 4005 S^oftt, Pieldiiottte, Plione 2792 Editorial Phone A^er 10 p. m., 5377
KilinaraO' Editor. ' .. . . BmiorsTy Editor. Bmittitats Msmtit'ot' , With thr Colors
Willlom G. HoBhIns ... Dale E. Bntz CteHiSid H. Klentnan
hditor Bokiness Manaaer Ndtrs Editor Mawachtf Editor Spom BAtore
Ellis Jdurpht Mary Dilte William H. Tyfior Carolyn Wilbur Ray Snrithv Hubs Lipes
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff AiSociate Editors: Jack Abbott, Rbth Fold, Katy Howes, Madelyn'Grotnc'i PcK St ITt “■“
Business Staff
Adytrtieine MansKer: C L Gaunt A^istant Advertisins Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R G. Sauerman,
Edttor-in-Chief..
The Purdue Independent
. Bert Squier
Staff Por This Issue
Night Editor: Ford Day Editor: Howes Issue Editor: Rtop* City Editor: Abbett Heporters: Mackey, Ford, Kropf, Kapell, Garrett, SwerdlotT, PafellaVulo, Lewis, Ogden.
Entered eb second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mhrch 8, 1879, at the apecisl rate of postage provided for In aectwh 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januajy 20, 1922 I^lieliea on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during {1)6 year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily CtfWlei* for $1.26 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a Semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent of at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national adirertising by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Publishers ReprfesentativeSr M^ison Aye., New York, N. Y.
42U
Ws A Hell Of A Note We are of course referring to the unhappy incident which occurred halfway through the Alpha Chi's first song in the Music Hall Saturday night. We agree that throwing pennies at an overmelodramatic singer is something which adds to the fun, but this was different. Yes, it was different. Up to the time of their appearance on the stage, except for a few good skits, we had been treated to some half-heart-fed attempts by various members of the coed population to appear stagey and risque. 'i'hen came this group of girls singing a song which took us back to the times we dream about, before the thirteen weeks basic, before streamlined schedules and intrasessions, back ip the days of free summer vacations and all the rest. And we dreamed away. We thought, at least there are a few left who tealize that the exaggerated feminine actions fof “shading the man” which have pervaded the atmosphere for the last year or so were not what women should display. Soldiers and sailors don’t usually dream about that pickup in Chicago, but about the girls back home, and songs such as the one that was sung. But wait a moment—we were wrong. Here was someone trying to upset our peaceful thoughts. Here was someone whose ideas of women were not confined to the heights. And we were angry. But the song continued, and we relapsed into dreamland again', but not quite so far this time, until the rendition ceased, when we were awakened by thunderous aplause. When A1 Stewart came out, the applause told us that it wasn’t necessary for him to say anything. And we were happy. But thinking back again over the whole infeident, we lo repeat, it’s a hell of a note.—w.h.t. Future Service Men, Coed Show? Well, A1 has done it again. The master showman, with his genius for giving people what they want, succeeded in whipping a group of inexperienced coeds together into an entertaining show for service men. And whether people realized it or not, the thing he stressed when presenting the idea to us in the first place was—entertainment for service men. Armed with an unerring insight for pleasing most men, the coeds gave their all toward doing just that. Most men would consider a pretty face, a dreamy song, a well-shaped leg or pure, laugh-in-every-line hamminess tops in entertainment. Either combined or in separate doses, none of them is hard to take, human nature being what it is. So, as long as these things served the required purpose (stated in the first paragraph) each had its plafee in the show. If there were any prospective sorority ruahees in the audience, no doubt they were hugely impressed by the various Greek letter combinations hurled at them from the stage. They were probably the dnly ones impressed, for a good many of the service men cannot tell one combination from another. Recall a confused small story to that effect which appeared oh the service page a few weeks ago. Why caq’t our little sorority darlings forget just opcfe that they are Snappa Delta Eta’s or Zeta Pi 8, and resist the temptation to plug themselves? 'Twas heard that the show dragged a little In ^ots. True, but what is to be expected
^ VtdSIIIHfiTOH . . ^ ' IBs «*» y s f.i OK. President Faces Serious Dilemma dt|~ FtR Labor's Wage Demand; White House Won't Keep Perkini WASHINGTON—Thotigh it hasn’t got all the publicity of the coal mine strike, one of the toughest labor problems FDR faces is the threatened strike o:^ 1,100,000 Hon-operating railroad workers'. What the President is up against is overriding one of his top and ablest administrators, Judge Fred Vinson, new Economic Stabilizer, or facing a possible strike of RR clerks, machinists, telegraphers and shop-WorkerS. A^hat happened was that a special epietgency panel appointed by the President recommended a blanket wage increase for the non-operating railway workers. But Economic Stabilizer Vinson turned the recommendation down as inflationary and contrary to the War Labor Board’s “Little Steel” wage ceiling formula. Vinson has compiled a careful study of wages and prices, contends that pi’ices actually have been rolled back more than labor realizes; also that labor’s total “take”, figuring in overtime rather than just the hourly wage rate, is higher than the price rise. So he “held the line” against the special panel’s recommendation. Whereupon William Leiserson, chairman of the Mediation Board', and George Harrison, head of the Railway Clerks, went to the White House and held a long session endeavoring to overrule Judge Vinson. They came away confident that they had succeeded. The President seemed sympathetic, and Harrison reported back to his union that he was on their side. Actually, however, the President sent a note to Judge Vinson asking him to check regarding the situation, and it doesn’t look as if he would overrule his Economic Stabilizer. If he stands pat, the President and the nation face the danger of a seiious railway strike. However, White House advisers are confident that rail workers will be more patriotic than John L. Lewis; also are shrewd enough to see the teiiific national reaction against labor which resulted from the coal miners strike. Milo Perkins' Future One of the really top men in the war picture, whose advice is generally heeded, telephoned Leo Crowley the other day regarding Milo Perkins. He urged that Crowley, now administering the Economic Warfare iiuties of both Jesse Jones and Henry Wallace, should retain Milo Perkins, former executive director of BEW under Wallace. Crowley listened sympathetically to his friend’s advice, but replied: “Milo’s done a tremendous job against terrific obstacles. And he’s had a very unlucky break as a reward for it. I would like to keep him on because I know he would be of great value to me. But I have virtual orders to get rid of him.” The orders, naturally, could have come from only one place—the White House. NOTE: Jesse Jones really hated Milo Pei'kins more than the Vice President. Both from Texas, Perkins worked his way up from a job with a gram bag company and Jesse refeired to him as “that smart little bag salesman.” Perldns, whose only two sons have been killed, was one of the most passionate pushers of the war effort in all Wasliington. He is now going to Mexico for a rest, after which he is thiough with government for keeps. Axis Disforiions The Axis radio is trying to scare up a war in South America. The Bolivian Army, with Peru’s support, according to the Axis, is about to launch an attack on Chile to gain a port on the Pacific. Here is the only grain of truth behind this propaganda: When Bolivian President Penaranda returned to La Paz from his visit to the United States, he stated publicly that Bolivian aspiiations for a seaport had never been abandoned, that when the opportune time arose Bolivia would assert that claim. Truth is, however, that Penaranda had no such militant motive in mind. Furthermore, moderate elements in Chile assert they would be perfectly willing to discuss the sale of the port of Arica to Bolivia. If the Chilean moderates actually bring about negotiation for the sale of Arica, they will set a new high in good neighbor relations. It has not been long since the territoiial ambitions of South American countries —as in the ease of Peru vs. Ecuador and Bolivia vs. Paraguay—have been settled by a resort to arms. Under Two Flags The chickens hatched when American ships were put under the Panamanian Flag to avoid neutrality laws are now coming home to loost. As a result, the U. S. Government now employs 16.000 seamen whom it pays in hard cash every month, but over whom it has no disciplinary control whatsoever. The seamen are working under the Panamanian flag, though actually they are American citizens. So when they get into brawls in American ports, they must answer to the Panamanian Consul, though they aie American citizens and draw American pay. Certain State Department officials gre urging that the problem be solved by transferring the ships back to U. S. registry. Note: At present, when one of these ships clears a U. S. port it must pay a $20 fee to the Cons«l of Panama, in spite of the fact that the ship belongs to the U. S. A. Merry-Go-Rourtd Friends of Wendell Willkie have been probing GOP Governor Earl Warren of California about running’ as vice-presidential candidate on a Willkie ticket. . . . One thing President Roosevelt talked to President Avila Camacho about while in Mexico was permitting 12.000 Polish refu^'ees to enter Mexico from Europe. Mexico has consented. ' (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
when radically different skits are put together to form a whole. We suggest that an integrated musical be planned in which all coeds would perform their assigned parts—then the thing would hold together. We are sure coeds and service men alike would just at the chance to put on a show—“Hit the Deck”, maybe ? What about it, A1 ?—p.s.
.■iBiriaii
AMERIGAN HEROES ■ ^ ' if UFF
I ii>iiiSl)n
Captain AAifi'oiiy'HSflilW n'lSfiViNl tlw: ivp lurfet guns of his groimded plane to return the lire of the Jup air ultutk on Clark Fifeld in the Philippines. Exposed to strafing plani'B, the New Mexico captaiii ran across the field fdr more ammuMilioti el.i’rt it was exhausted. He WM ready to sacrifice bis life to liccp fiN gun- M.i/nig. How much canyon invest in Payroll Savings lo help In i on ligliii r- like Koliub toke^ firing?
Looking Arqiind
By Jack Akbett •
It is an interesting fact that the Russian communiques are so vague. This has been reported by American newsmen in tile Russian capital, along with the complaint that with all this vague talk tliere are no accurate maps at the disposal of our newsmen. The Russians have said thaf they are very sorry about the lack of accurate battle maps, but that there are none to be had, which seems a little ^
strkhge evfett ffit* fnystic Rus-
sia. Newsmen have, hoWever, been able to paete together a Almost every good Republicdu fairly ’ accurate chain of politicians and presidential aspirant stobies. The 'most noticeable has sent up a\ squawk against inacctaracy is the total advance’ment President Roosevglt’s speech of last by the Russian armies in the Oi’el week, where he stated that all s61sectOL The RuSSiahs have been re- diers who had been taken from colpofting steady gains in that area to would be placed back in at the extent that if the milage were government expense'after the cornadded together the Russian Bear pletion of the war. These Republiwduld have long since passed Orel, cans are not mad at the idea in itAmerican newsmen, not to be out- self, but what really gets them is done, have started a contest of their the fact that they did not think of owh to guess just where the Rus- 'the idea first, for what the Fresisian forces really are. These guesses dent said is sure to get him a cer-
JJVL
^xxJmnqsi (poM,
Throe floors of^ the Illini Union were opened to seivice men last Saturday to enteitain 3,600 soldiers and Sailors stationed on the campus. Service men played records on the third floor or attended productions of the Theatre Guild. Fifie dancing was held in the second floor ballroom. Records of college songs were played in the mam lounge and service men were given a “sign up and meet other fraternity men in the seivice” piogiam. Seivice men entertained other seivice men in Pin Lounge on first floor. —E-P— Respectable blanket party was held at the Iowa State College recently, according to an item by the Iowa State Student. Admission to the party was a fifteen cent ticket, a blanket and a deck of cards. Bridge, heaits and luinmy were played. The party was held on the Men’s Playfield and was given in honor of servicemen on campus. Guests could also attend a quiz program and a dance given in the Memorial Union. —E-P— Michigan State College recently asked new ASTP soldiers on campus their views of the place. Most of the men interviewed thought that the campus was swell, beautiful, etc. Pvt. Jack Lipes, foimer University student, seems to be having the same tiouble at Michigan State that many have here. Said he, “I think the coeds are nice, but I would like to be foimally introduced.” (One for Emily Post.) —E-P— Alabama Polytechnic Institute has started a dating bureau for students and sei vicemen sponsored by the Women’s Student Governing Association. Seivicemen signed
with a WSGA representative in the student center and USO room while women students were contacted in their dormitories. Names were then matched, and the lists posted in places where those interested Were contacted! After that it was to the man to call the girl. Preferences were filled as much as was possible. —E-P— The personnel bureau at the University of Illinois is extending its counseling program to service men. They will be given lectures on efficient study methods by members of the personnel bureau staff. Services will include educational, vocational and personal counsels. —E-P— A long dry summer is predicted in the Michigan Daily, voice the University of Michigan. A shortage of beer was discovered in Ann Arbor, which shortage is prevalent all over Michigan and may be prevalent all over the country. Curtailment of bottle cap production, malt consumption as well as refusal of farmers to sell corn at prevailing ceiling prices have brought on the lamentable scarcity. Although Michigan students may not have enough beer to keep them cool this summer, they will be warm this winter. The University has announced that it has enough coal stored up and enough coming in to last until next spring. —E-P— Guide to dancing was printed recently in the Cornell Daily Sun. Readers are given tips on the logical approach to dancing and were warned away from the trite opening, “Shall we er. . .ah. . .dance?” Five different substitutes were listed as follows: 1. My, that floor looks inviting! 2. My toes are itching; let’s scratch! 3. Let’s tiip the light fantastic, pip! 4. Let’s trip! 5. Let’s! If one’s dancing was best described by No. 4, a solution pto the predicament was given. Our hero told the fair lady that he’d just come back from football practice and sprained his ankle. Result to this statement was guaranteed. It was predicted that the girl would lose all trace of sophistication and aloofness and would immediately say husiiily, “Oh, you poor boy. We must get you off this horrid little dance floor immediately”.
tain number of votes from servicemen. After all, it would seem foolish not to vote for the party that
^ promises to send you to college at
Histoty will some day rOcord the
^ j , fbe governments expense. Presi-
dent feoosevelt has always been ablu to get the jump on his political opponents in thinking of a new idea for gaining votes, and this is one reason why he is always getting re-
range from five to over thirty miles distant from Orel. i
present racial and criminal riots that hl^ve swept from Los Angeles to Detroit and then to New York City as the real swing around the circle. These might not be incited
by foreign agents, but as they con- What, the Republicans need
tinue to increase m number and in
frequency, they take on a very excellent foreign color. Whatever the cause of these riots, they gre serving a purpose not entirely bad to Hitler. The next step in this circle of riots is bound tO be a southern city or a recently expanded defense plant city.
The second step in the crumbling of Hitler’s dreams has been taking place in the last few days, since the fall of Mussolini. The first step was the dropping of the Vichy flag from the mast on Martinique and the surrender of General Roberts. This second step is of much more importance than the first, for it is the first sign of the actual disintegration of the Axis. This sign did not necessarily staft with the fall of Mussolini, but it has shown itself with a bang in the announcements that wherever German and Italian troops are stationed together they are openly fighting each other. This is an encouraging sign to the conquered peoples of Europe and will probably do more to build up their moral than any vague promises that come from London or Washington. The British Eighth army is again proving that the German best are not at their best when fighting a victorious enemy. The latest in this line of victories is along the eastern seaboard of Sicily where the Germans for a time had the Eighth army at a stand still. The Germans sept in their best troops to oppose the British at the foot of Mt. Etna, but after the longest delay by an enemy since the beginning of the battle of El Alamin, the British began their offensive again and by the latest reports are slowly driving the Germans back. If the British are not able to break the German’s line, the American Seventh army and the Canadian army, which is moving in from the northwest, will have the opportunity to cut the German line of retreat and supply line thus forcing the Germans to find the quickest way of getting out of Sicily without losing their tail feathers as
is a man who can think of new vote getting Stunts before the sage of the Democrats has time to put on
his thinking cap.
Park To Hold Dance Thursday Evening To enhance the community recreational program now in pi'ogres* at Columbian Park, the community recreation committee has announced that square dancing will be held in the park pavilion Thursday
evening at 8:30.
Since the recreational program is proving .highly popular, the community recreational committee of the Federated Clubs of Tippecanoe county, coordinating with the Tippecanoe County Civilian Defense Council, the Federated churches and the Lafayette YWCA, have decided that this form of amusement would be well I’eceived.
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
— and •
— ALSO —. ADVENTURES OF SMILIN' JACK No. 6 — Plus — CARTOON
' PICTURE STARRINO >FRANCH0T _ MARSHA
MARS FIVE PILOTS AND A OiRL ON A PACIFIC OUTPOST! ROARING THRILLS FROM A FIGHTING FRONTI
I.P
’g TONE- HUNT -KELLYS ¥i
VAN JOHNSON • ALAN BAXTER / jS/ DICK SIMMONS / M TODAY-TOMORROW
Colonial Gardens 1832 N0RT14WESTERN AVE. Visit Us For a Cool Comfortable Evening. Dancing Every Nite Except Monday. Soft Drinks and Sandwiches. Soda Fountain Service.
iMmem TODAY - TOMORROW Bing a* His BestUoSty a* Her gjiyellee^"**
^ Paramount Picture with MARJORIE REYNOLDS BILIY lYNNE deWOLFE • OVERMAN RAYMOND EDblE WALBURNFOY.jii
r' j'i ^
V' N i
^rmy, Nutiyi Marine News
.TMMtarr^V
Tuesday, August 3, 1943 Hioiman Gets Hoited ^ut Skoits Help Out Tret; Hel|i^ Ain't Enqi^ NioHy To, Ec;t, Brooklyn Pedant Fin^s, But The Sights Are Nice , By Nt. Joe Brehl t*art 11 , At six-thoity ifl de morning when de bill rings, I get up from yne'^inher-siil'ih'g clodd of fe^t and do me morning set’n exerdsies Whieh consist of three deep breaths of fresh Indiana air. AftfeY I have completed this rigorous body-building exercise, I gaitie upon Hoiman who is still sleep’n naturally. I say naturally ’cause there ain’t not’n Hoim,an likes better than sleep'n and that includes food and
For Sendee Men, By SerpicS Meit^
G? 6arit)6iifs
By Roseil Post
Exchange ' By Pfc. Leo Frifedmetn
Douglas Army Air Base's Flight Pattern reports that Moss Hart, of Kaufman and Hart fame, is getting up an Army Air Corps S^ttow along the genetai lines of “This Is the Army.”' Incidentally, New York reports on the “This Is the Atmy” movie glow with praise. It’s sup-
ASTP House Warming Impresses Many CoeoS Coitimandos In Sigma Chi Hdus^ i Blaie Trail Fdr Future Patties
By Pfe. Gabriel EHas
Sections 3 and 4 of Battery C, ASTB, dazzled the esmi^s
posed to haye everything the pi^y this past Sunday as they entertained the University sororifiefir had—and a lot more. in an open housewarming.’ The boys spared no expens*y and —P-E— trouble in their successful efforts to please everybody inetadHere’s a new twist on that beauti- ing'the house mothers atid the Hue law authorities.
Amiable Technical Sergeant Davidson greeted the arriving
Ikoits of which Hoiman is very iohd of. 1 awakens Hoiman from |iis heavy slumber by gefitly^ slugging him in his pufes. This procedure is the most effective on account of Hoiman is a heavy sleeper and won’t reSpoftd to gentle methods sUch as throT^ing water in his puss. Anyways by de time Huiman is fully awakened Which takes half of de day sometimes, I am fully clothed in me khaki zoot-suit so I sits down bfeSides Hoiman and says like this. “Hoimdn,” I says, “what would you like most every days of de year?” Hoiman replies quick like a flash as follows: The Great Man’s Likes “Foist of all; Louey, I Would like a ^reat big breakfast. After breakfast I would like a blonde. Then after lunch comes, I would like a burnette, de Hedy Lamar type. After dinner you can gimme a redhead. Then I would like to go to sleep and riot be awakened until I am good and ready to do same myself.” After Hoiman is fully dressed we take off to do dining room. Here Hoiman excels. He asks for a second and thoid helping and he would have got a fourth if de waiter hadn’t reeonized him and refused to give him any more. Poor Hoiman, his feelings was hoit, and besides he was still hungry. They Go To Class A half an hour later when Hoiman has consumed evei-ything in sight except de other guy’s food, at which he gazes with loving eyes, he comes down to de lounge where I am waiting for him. I am listening to some hot licks on de piano played by some navy character. De man is solid beating out some boogie eight to de bar. When de time comes around to 7:30, we begin or;r journey to our foist class peiiod. Whilst we is ambling along, Holman and me view de pretty scenery such as there is,Nwhich is namely coeds. Hoiman and me intend to make de study of coeds our life’s woik. We figitt’e it will take us all our lives to figure out a skoit. Even if we should succeed in this study, which Would be a miracle on account oi no guy has ever figured out a skoit, me and Hoiman wish to make this sacrifice for de sake of humanity. Trouble In Algebra Our foist class is algebra, for which we are almost late since we have spent so much time appreciating de scenery. However, we arrive whole and hearty except for a few cold shoulders which we were presented with by two skoits who thought that we were making a pass at dem. I wonder where they got that idea ? Anyway, here we are in de algebi’a class. Hoiman and me like algebra and we are very willing to learn all we can. Since Hoiman and me was asked to leave high school—in our freshman year ’cause we slept too much—we figure it’s about time we started our educa-, tiott again. De teacher has just arrived so Hoiman and me quit whistling at de passing skoits from our window and settle down for our foist morning session of mental torture. (To be continued) Marines Receive Battery Of Tvvo Classification Tests On Saturday two sections of marines were given a battery of two tests in Fowler Hall as a part of thdir regular marine classification procedure. The administration of the Army General Classification Test, better known as the AGCT, and the mechanical aptitude test is part of the routine through which the new men go' during boot training. Since the marines in the University have not, as yet, had this trainiiig, they ard beihg given the tests now to facilitate' later classification. These two ^andardized tests are in 'general use in the army in that all n'ew' selectees are given both of them at their reception centers. Bny War Bonds And Stamps
Dogface Drivef By Pvt.lNorman Gelber I have relented. I no longer blaspheme the fates for depositing me at the University. I no longer grimace at the coeds. And I no longer do my knitting on the chow line. Instead, I have bought a University pennant, University embossed stationery, and I have learned the words of “Hail, Purdue” by heatt. But I wish some University pundit would answer these imponderables for me. What taskmaster decided to separate our SAE house from the'Fieldhouse by a two days’ forced march? Was it sheer oversight or evidence of sabotage that life preservers were not issued with our few books . . . the last deluge we had floated our house into the village, and we’ve been paddling back ever since. Has someone any Listerine to spare . , . every time I try to say something in this humidity, I gargle my words without deriving any antiseptic value. The University’s coeds deserve praise for their growing spirit of friendliness to the soldiers. They have whittled their anti-dogface ammunition down to a mere pea-shoot-er, a weapon which will not perturb the infantry boys who used to squirm under machine gun fire. The kissoff to a complete rapprochement will be our frat-house dances to come, where we dogfaces will prove that the current notion of our being carniverous about coeds is strictly propaganda. The only drawback is that our conventional attire around the house of shorts plus nothing will have to be abandoned. My studies always remind me of a soldier who was my barrack’s mate in basic training. He absolutely made a science of “goofing off”, thus putting the most adept noncoms to shame. While I ponder over X and y cooidinates, acceleration formulas, how to cut a side of beef, atomic stiuctures, the Khirghiz who climb up the mountains in the summer and descend to the steppes in the winter, and the American struggles, that character sits propped up on a clean white pillow where he is vacationing under medical observation. " I passed my psychological test, and he didn’t . . . but I’m wondering.' Army Softball . . . team C-5 lai^t night ran rough-shod over the C-7 nine when they defeated them by the score of 23 to 3. The C-5 team has been packing a lot of power in their bats thus far in the tournament, as they now have averaged almost 16 runs per game. Navy Will Increase Size To Man Growing Fleet The navy will increase in size by nearly five hundred thousand in the first half of 1944, War Manpower Commission officials announced last
week.
It was explained that the expansion will be necessary to man the growing fleet and provide a corresponding increase in supporting personnel ashore. With the projected increase, the size of the navy’s personnel will grow from 1,900,000 at present to about 2,400,000 by next July. This increase in navy personnel plus an increase in the army will bring the total fighting forces to 11,800,000 men a year fiMm now. ASTP Studenfs Those men in ASTP who .subscribed to the Exponent and have not as yet paid may do so at the Chow lines Thursday eVening, August 5. Subscriptions Will be cancelled if not paid for within ten days. Those men who wish to subscribe may order theit papeV at the chow lines at a special rate for the'remainder of their term. ^THE CIRCULATION DEPT.
AST Patter BJf T/7 Morris Better
MILITARY COURTESY This is supposed to have happened at a nearby post. An army nurse of the well-stacked variety was walking down the street with everything in perfect cadence when a soldier passed her without saluting. To his surprise and chagrin, she pulled up short and stopped him. “Soldier, do you realize you are supposed to salute ALL commissioned officers?” ^ “Yes, ma’am,” Ijfigspluttered, “but I didn’t recognize the uniform. It’s so much like Red|^oss uniforms . . .” “Well, how about the bars,” she asked, pointing to her shoulders. “You should have been able to tell from those.” “That’s right,” said the soldier, more embarrassed than ever, “but I didn’t get that far.” FIRESIDE CHAT There’s nothing unique in seeing groups of people clustered around a radio when the President speaks. However, there was something deeply significant about the way the soldiers abandoned their studies and gahfests when the hour for the President’s talk rolled around the other evening. In various stages of undress, they drifted to the rooms with radios and seated themselves on the floor, against the wall, on the arm of a chair or the edge of a table and listened intently. Because the weather was bad and static interferred with the reception, it only intensified the concentration as they strained to hear every word. As the President outlined the progress of the war to date, as he emphasized the tasks and perils that still lay ahead, as he proposed the security measures for military personnel after their restoration to civilian status, there was something deep and meaningful in the faces, in the attitudes, in the very mien of these men. There seemed to be, within each of the listeners, a silent inventory-taking and rededieation to causes they held dear and were fighting for. This is as it should be for it’s easy to forget that while we walk around with books under our arms there are those who crawl about with rifles on their shoulders. While we fight the war with pencils and slide rules, it is well to remember there are those who are taking “final” examinations every day—exams that are only flunked once! While we profit from an ej^llent opportunity, it is well to remember the responsibility that goes wim it. There is an utterance in a recent movie about merchant seamen \to the effect that not only have many men lost their lives but many more will, in this business of delivering the goods to the ports of our Allies. It, therefore, becomes the responsibility of those who survive and do get back to see that those who died, didn’t do so as a mere gesture. It was the awareness of just such a responsibility that seemed to mark the faces of the men who sat about and listened intently to the words of the Presi-
dent. j
CEILING ZERO
The Air Force has joined the distinguished company of polities and religion as far as a topic of discussion is concerned. Be that as it may, however, those who’ve been lashing out at our flying friends either out of animosity or with the hope of getting a rise out of them, have been striking pay dirt. It has also resulted in an unusual demand for TS slips. From the way things have been boiling, it might be in order to extend an olive branch of sorts. However, at the risk of being called “a cannoneer with hairy ears” or having saltpeter slipped into my coffee, it strikes me that, more than ever, “nothing can stop the Army Air Corps” . . . not
even the facts. ODD ’N’ ENDS
There are plans afoot for a beauty contest among the wives and best girls of the dogfaces. Until details afe worked out and announced, it might be a good idea to get your favorite picture of your favorite girl and have it on hand. ... If it isn’t the humidity, it’s a cloudburst. Any^ thing to keep our uniforms drenched one way or another. ... A service medal has been authorized to be awarded to members of the WAGS for honorable service. Seems like there should be no dearth of volunteers to do the medal pinning. . . . This brings to mind a brassiere manufacturer’s slogan: “Divide and Conquer”.
V-72 /M Schedules Army Inaugurates
New All-Soldiet
ful old service custom of having any newly commissioned officer foi'k over a suitable consideration to The first GI ever to render him (or her) a salute. Its reported by Sounding Off, of the‘Women’s Navy; Marine and Coast Guard School at Northampton, Mass. (Smith College to
you.)
It seems one Meyer Rubin, a seaman 2nd class attached to the school, set himself to salute darned near every newly commissioned lady one graduation day—and finished up with no less than $18 in rewards. This he immediately put into Crosby, Jaiftes, etc., records—-for the local USO. Ingeniohs, those
hepcats.
\ -P-E—
Latest item perfected by the army is a waterproof match. It’s a regular household match dipped in
several layers of wax—and it takes But that is not for us, the decision a lot of saturation. Another new is- is much higher, sue is a shoe lace for troops in tropi- We are here to learn and study and
ASTP Theme
Song
By Cpl. Jack Martire This is not the army as anyone can
see.
This is not artillery nor yet the in-
fantry.
guests affably and beaittedl with pride as each newclMnef' expressed delighted appreciation of the hand-drawn liennants of sororities lined along the walls. The more debonair visitors promptly skipped past the lounge and cardroom to the cocktail rendezvous where they imbibed the strangely intoxicating Jersey Juleps and Guernsey Gin offered at the iBilk bar by as sportive and pleasing e bartender as is ever found belihui 41
milk-shaker.' For the less
K.P. is not for us, but it is not for-
gotten ;
To speak of marches, shooting, there were cokes, wrapped ornately
drilling is to us verboten.
A War is going on and here we are
at school
Does someone think you just an-
other fool ?
cal climates. It was found that laces mildew fast in hot countries. The fault was traced down to the starch content of present laces and remedied with the addition of chemicals to stop fungus growth.
—P-E—
Camp Grant chow hounds are at
let the others fire. If at times we feel that we don’t do our part Remember that we don’t decide just who will light the spark.
in enough paper napkins to remind one of Copa Cabana, cookies, toww tonic, and what have you.
Music Provided
Delicate musical strains lent a sweet dreamy charm to the surroundings. Additional entertainment included accordian, harp and trumpet renditions by soldier talent, and sweet sentimental singing by Univei'sity Commandos, who have
gone romantic.
Present were the high-ranking officers of the Post. Colonel and Mrs. Beere headed the list of celebrities. Pi'esent also were Lt- Gol. and Mrs. Hicks, Lt. Col. Riordan,
The battle of the home front may
not seem so much,
ready looking forward to Thanks- someone ^ows weNdo our part HowI^J c7mmande7o7rhe
giving and Christmas — because such. ^hen their cooks may be able to get gg yfQi-j-y not whil§ you’re in school
that you will be a slacker
For someone else has made the
plans that makes you just the
backer.
a^lree hand—and that ought to be something. Ralph Bankston is a veteran of the Miami Biltmore and the Hollywood 'Wilshire and 'Vine St. Brown Derbies, while Joseph Volpi was party chef for 14 years at the Cleveland Hotel, Cleveland. Of course, both men are now students at the cooks and bakers
school at Grant.
—P-E—
The Grant Sentinel reports re. cent contracts by the "War Depart'
Ciptain Has Fortunate Position In Army Rank
entertaining Battery, 1st Lt. Naismith and Lt. Andrade, the instigator of the whole thing. The officers came early, joined readily in the-fes-tivities and stayed with the fun to
the end.
The talk of the gals was Lt. Andrade, who dashed around like an old southern aristocrat intent on “making everybody happy”. In fairness, it should be noted'that the resplendent entertainment officer did seem to try to trip past the escorting glances of the admiring femmes and to give the enlisted men a chance. Most novel for the soldiers was the unheard of experience at the University of attending a function
Captains in the United States Army seem to be in a most fortunate position both for themselves
ment for four million )dollars worth and for the enlisted men under their of sporting goods—^with everything command. » from Chinese checkers to boxing The enlisted man feels the pair of
gloves, not to mention the where- bars to be a good solid commission, where the ratio of male to female withal for a couple of million base- and there is something about a cap- was one to one. This is partly atball and softball contest^. taincy which gains a warmth in ad- tributable to the bus service run by
—P-E— dition to respect. It is difficult to
This is the sad and apocryphal explain why, but a captain seems to story of the new navigation officer signify the b§st that the military
stationed in Egypt who was carry- offer.
ing out exercises in navigation and Middle Of Commissioned Ranks checking everything with a sextant Captains ai^ in the middle of the as he went along. They had just commissioned ranks. That may ex
passed the Great Pyramid when he their understanding and abil- blazed the way.
the soldiers who called for the girls in true knight errant fashion. All sororities were well represented. Local rumor has it that the soldiers in other houses intend to follow suit now that the men in the Sigma Chi house have successfully
V-12 and Marines Softball Tuesday, Aug. 3, 6:30
■called to the pilot, “Better take your hat off.” “Why?” the pilot wanted to know. “According to my calculations, we’ve just come into St. Paul’s Cathedral,” the naVigator said—according to this version. Probably some more AGP propa-
ganda.
—P-E—
Lawrence “Bud” Freeman, near the top in any jiveman’s list of saxaphonists, is breaking in as a
ity. They have been officers long enough to have a poise that may be missing from the lower commissions, and‘there is no necessity for their feeling 311 at ease and not
quite sure of themselves.
Again, they are not too involved with the highea’ military responsibilities to have lost the intimate feeling for the enlisted men. A gen-
Congressmen To Talk On Postwar Planning In Jeff Audihmoffl Two United States Congressmen
Diamond
1—A1
VS.
C3.
2—A2
vs.
C4.
3—A3
vs.
C5.
4—A4
vs.
G6.
5—A5
vs.
C7.
6—A6
vs.
C8.
7—A7
vs.
Dl.
8—A8
vs.
D2.
9—B1
vs.
D3.
10—B2
vs.
D4.
11—B3
vs.
D5.
12—B4
vs.
D6.
13—B6
vs.
D7.
14—B6
vs.
D8.
15—B7
vs.
El.
16—B8
vs.
E2.
17—Cl
vs.
E3.
18—C2
vs.
E4.
19—FI
vs.
F6.
20—F2
vs.
F4.
Army Softball Wednesday, Aug. 4, 6:15 Diamond I 11— A7 vs. D3. 12— A1 vs. C3. 13— A2 vs. C4. 14— A3 vs. C6. 15— A4 vs., C6. 16— A5 vs. C7. 17— A6 vs. Dl. 18— B1 vs. B7 & 8. 19— B2 vs. D2.
-B3 vs. B6. -B4 vs. Cl. -B5 vs. D4.
B7 and 8 forfeited to A7; B6 forfeited to A6; B2 11, A1 0; A4 19; B5 9; C6 11, Dl 18; C3 11, D4 (game protbsted by 08 captain due to rule inffittgembnt'),
2122-
Dance Orchestra An all-army dance orchestra of ASTP trainees had its inauguration last Friday evening in the Cary Hall first floor lounge. Twelve soldier musicians reported. Bob De Contreres, Gerald Gerhard, Bill Pilston and Bob Appleby comprised some of these swingsters. Although almost every instrument is represented, there is an urgent need for trombonists and tenor saxes. This Friday evening, a second meeting will be called in order to judge the musician’s ability. Any soldier who wishes to try out is urgently requested to come. The dance orchestra, which will play for army entertainment, is under the jurisdiction of Lieut. Samuel Naismith, Battalion Recreation
Officer.
Service Men's Committee To Pian Entertainment Servicemen’s committee will meet tonight at 6:30 in room 355 of the Union to discuss future entertainment plans.' The committee is composed of soldiers, sailors, marines and University co-eds; and it is'their job to make arrangements for dances, open houses and other forms of recreation for the servicemen. The plans are in the preliminary stage, but the enthusiasm shows promis* of much entertainment to com*.
eral has too many trying decisions
to make, and he may be so busy that -will speak at a discussion' of post-
1 • ^ . -nr ^ ■ t'''® enlisted men lose their individ- war planning from the United rookie at Grant. Must be fun to sign gy^g^ jjjg command is States angle, to be held at 7:30 p. m. autographs at the^ spud heap. large and to know his men is a dif- tomoiTow in the
—P-E— ficulty not usually overcome. Following your service sports? Captaincy “Golden Mean”
Red Ruffing, pitching for a coast The lieutenants are in the posiarmy team, recently blanked Joe ti^n of learning. Their ability will DeMaggio’s army club—and held show itself, but until they have been them hitless to boot. The old master officers for quite awhile they often, of the Yankees sti'uck out nine men not always, lack that understanding
Jefferson High
School auditorium. The public of Lafayette and vicinity are invited to
attend.
The speakers will be U. S. Senator Harold H. Burton, of Ohie, a Republican, and Representative
. Robert Ramspeck, a Democrat, and
—including Joe. Another ex-Yan- of just hqw they fit into the scheme gj Bouse, from Georgia, kee, little Vito Tamulis, pitching for of things. The “golden mean” be- national lawmakers are being Drew Field, struck out sixtj/-six tween respect for their rank and brought to Indiana by the Indiana men in six games. ability to understand the men is a Committee for Victory, headed by -P-E- difficult position of obtain. Natural- jgj^^ g. Coulter of Indianapolis.
Auburn^s Plainsman runs a some- lyi harshness will never do, but dis- c? i x.
what somber interview with Henry cipline must be obtained. How to eveia sue groups rom. onPoellenitz, who went from the cam- fuse discipline with understanding are tourmg various states dnr^ pus to Ft. Sill and came back with is their mission and that takes time. . e congiepmna vaca on pe-
bars. “Sleep before you get there,” But ,the captains have been offiLt. Poellnitz warns prospective cers long enough to have lost that OCSers. < feeling of “unsureness” and they
are quite at home within the army aqd with the men. They realize that they do not have to force respect and that they can expect the utmost from men who are treated fairly. Soldiers don’t usual'ly care how hard conditions may of necessity be as long as there is fairness in
administration.
The captain seems to typify the fighting officer who is quite sure of what he has to do. He realizes his
Plant Protection Men Will Hold Meeting Officials concerned with plant protection in Indiana will gather at the University Wednesday for a two day conference on plant protection work in the state with Prof. Joseph Lingo and Wayne Timmons of the University Public Safety In-
stitute.
The group will include army and navy officers, state officials, FBI, Civilian Defense representatives and others. The conference is a result of the work being done by University Public Safety representatives in plant protection courses and schools over the state during the past year.
various paz'ts of the United States to find out what sort of international organization the people want after the war to prevent a recuzTwace
of future wars.
Foundation To Hdd Barn Dance Friday Wesley Foundation will sponsor a Barn Dance on Friday at S ji. m.
rosltiml'^hir duty^^and hri*ability Marks and t^ WBAAPolk- ^ a-Whalers will lead the gro«qE> ut
several square dancqs. There will also be an abundance of social danc^
ing.
Refreshments will be served for 15 cents per person. All at«id«Hte lire welcome, and. «;^e' adiriaefd to come dressed,in t^eir <dd a real old-fashioned tme^
and when he understands his men, he becomes the ideal officer of the
enlisted men.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps^ y
m
pj'i
' K.
Psgst
^fj/ s i)’’ ; > ,' . . ^ ' 1 '' PurdiES Exponent
’ 'i\ -^7>%t<, vsi’' ^ ^ '^'L-^/ ’i ' - > s ^ ^5{r» ij.'v» y'^'*:'’ " / ; ‘ ' ' ' ’ v'' - ^ ^ ^ fmaSay, Sugmt 5, l^iS" ^
Burnham Sends Team Through Dummy Drill Elmer Burnham's boys really started to get down to business yesterday afternoon when they donned full uniforrhs for the first time during the summer practice session and went through a series of dummy drills. The hundred odd grid prospects that were out there yesterday worked up a terrific sweat under the intense heat, but they all — Club Sponsors Showing Of GE Scientific Films Tomorrow the University Eadio Club will present an hour program of General Electric films entitled “Exploring With X-rays” “Curves
seemed to get quite a kick out of it. The spirit and enthusiasm that these fellows have shown so far is quite pleasing to Coach Bufhham and his staff. While Cec Isbell sent all of the backfield candidates through a rough an-ay of blocking, tackling and charging tactics on the dummies, Sammy Voinoff was limbering the tackles with a series a duckwalk exercises. Off in another corner of the practice field under the of Color,” and “A Modern Zeus”.
tutelage of Coaches Lowery and Keeck, the guard, centers and ends were going to town on the tackling dummies. Scrimmage Starts Tomorrow The idea of wearing uniforms two
The meeting will be held in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 p. m. All persons interested are in-
vited to attend.
The first picture, “Exploring with
days before scrimmage drills are to X-rays,” tells the life story of start is to get the fellows used to X-rays—from their discovery, less the burden of wearing them under than a half century ago, to developthe hot sun. Tomorrow will see the nients announced only recently. Dr. actual start of the six days scrim- Coolidge, world famous for mage session as allowed by the re- jiig research in X-rays and develcent Conference ruling applying to opment of X-ray tubes, explains in the summer practice sessions. By person what makes X-rays and how
that time the Boilermaker football they are produced.
prospects should be somewhat accustomed to wearing them and will be able to perform better in the
“squad determing” drills.
IM Schedules
“Curves Of Color” Second Film The second film, “Curves of Color,” contains a demonstration of the relation between the visible spectrum and the entire electromagnetic spectrum. It includes an explanation of an electric device which is capable of distinguishing accurately more than two million
colors.
The third picture, “A Modern
Frat Softball
The first round of the Fraternity
Softball playoffs will be Wednesday ^eus,” depicts the destructive force evening on Diamonds 1, 2, 3 and 4. lightning and the protec-
Those houses going into the play-
offs will be called Tuesday, giving p^.^yj^jg protection against it. It intheir opponent and diamond num- demonstrations with artifi-
cial lightning produced by General Electric’s 10,000,000-volt lightning
generator.
Following the pictures. Radio Club plans for the coming term will be discussed, and memberships in the club will be brought up to date.
Grandstand Echoes • By Ray Smith and Russ Lipes GOOD LUCK, JOE ' Before taking over our duties as Co-Sports Editor, we would like to say a word about our predecessor Joe Dawson. We’re going to miss easy-go-ing Joe arbund the Sports Office, but we are going to do our best to fill his shoes and present, as a good a Sport’s Page as he did. Not only is Joe graduating from this institution, but he is also abandoning his bachelorhood and taking that step which leads to “Mr and Mrs.” Joe is going to woi'k for Consolidated Aircraft at San Diego, Cal., following his graduation, and preceding that inevitable message which starts out “Greetings: you have been selected ” Good luck, Joe, and may your future days be as successful as your college days.
WE’RE OFF—
We realize that we have a very big job facing us, but we are going to strive to make this the best Sport’s Page yet. We are going to do every thing we can to keep our readers informed and to keep the student body as close as possible to Boilermaker sporting news. Although our staff is very small at the present time—one freshman in addition to us—we are planning to enlarge it which naturally means better sports coverage. WHAT ABOUT THAT “T” FORMATION Many spectators at the summer gridiron drills have noticed that the boys have been using the famous “T” formation in running off their plays. A good many of these same spectators have been heard to i-emark, “It looks as though Elmer is planning to use the “T” this season”. In order to straighten out this assumption we would like to explain that Burnham is merely using the “T” as the basis for the summer drills. He pointed out to us that at the beginning of practice he picked one formation to use during the summer drills. By using just one system, it would be easier and quicker for the candidates, most of whom were strangers to each other, to learn the plays and also to display their ability. One advantage in using the “T” was the fact that a good many of the candidates for the Riveter squad had already been trained under this system. As soon as the squad has been cut down and regular scrimmage starts, other formations will be stressed and the “T” will assume its place in /Burnham’s strategy as it has in other years. SPUTTERINGS— We’re quite curious to see how Eddie McGovern, the nation’s leading football scorer last season, will do in the “big leagues” this season. McGovern has reported for football at Indiana following his transfer from Rose Poly—Congratulations to Pete DeMaria on his selection Jo a berth on the All-Star squad—Cec Isbell predicts that this season’s All-Star tilt at Northwestern the 25th of August will be one of the best yet because of the lack of All-Americans and the strong competition of the “also rails” for a spot on the starting eleven—Gunder Haegg has surprised no end of pessimistic observers .who bi’anded him as a “fake”—The navy has just issued a regulation prohibiting navy teams fiom going outside the National Collegiate Athletic Association district in which they are located to meet a sports for. What’s next?—A crowd of 51,273 witnessed the East-West Negro all-star game in Chicago and about 10,000 others were turned qway—The rip snorting battle for first place in the American Association has dwindled since the Indianapolis Indians began their
losing streak.
DeMaria Fifth Riveter To Join All-Star Team Peter DeMaria, varsity guard on the football team last fall, became the fifth Boilermaker gridder to accept an invitation to play in the ^nnual All-Star football game in Chicago on Au-
gust 25.
DeMaria is the second of Elmer Burnham’s guards to be selected to face the Washington Redskins in the charity game ——— to be played in Dyche Stadium;
Luley, Woods, Agna Reach Semi-Finals In Tennis Tourney With one of the smallest number of entries in the history of the tournament competing, the annual Ward tennis competition is neai’ing its termination as three of the racquet wielders have completed the
quarter-final round.
Only one match remains to be played, in the quarter-final round of competition, that being between J.
Notices
Dick Barwegen being the other Riveter guard to accept the honor. Other Boilermaker gridders now listed on the AllStar roster are: Walt Cook, Ken Smock and Joe Winkler, all back-
field men.
Wins Three Letters
A varsity letterman for the last
three seasons, DeMaria should report to the All-Star coaches in fairly good physical condition for he has been working out with the Boilermakers for the past couple of weeks.
Pete DeMaria, a native of Glen-
side, Pa., will receive his degree of Bachelor of Mechanical Engineer-
CrotrerrrndMrStVutJ! The winner ”’8' August 15. He is 22 years of this match is scheduled to meet weights 180 pounds and is 5
semi-final ^eet, 7 inches tall. He shared the left guard position
with Dick Barwegen last season and played one of the best games of his career against the Iowa Hawkeye
eleven last fall. •
J. Agna in one of the
matches.
Luley, Woods In Semi-Finals In the other semi-final bit of competition, W. E. Luley and W. A. Woods are scheduled to meet across
the net.
Thursday morning has been set as the deadline for the playing of these games in the semi-final round. Already several competitors have been dropped from the competition for failing to complete their games at the scheduled time, and the tour-
nament officials are asking that served as camp director at the
McReynolds Serves
As 4-H Leader
F. L. McReynolds, assistant state leader of 4-H club work on the extension staff of the University,
ber.
Ward Tennis Singles
Ward Tennis Singles semi final match is to be played off by Thursday morning. The winner of the W. E. Luley & W. A. Woods match will play the winner of Strutz & Crothers vs. Agna. Please make arrangements to play as scheduled.
Phillips
All Campus Golf Matches to be played by Thursday morning, August 5. Championship Flight Wiske, 2084 vs. Chas. Lamb, 5814 H. T. Harrison, 6816 vs. Red Mackey, 3076 “A” Flight J. B. Feuquay, 81044 vs. M. L. Clevett, 3076 H. Shechter, 81571 vs. L^-ry LaBree, 3076 “B” Flight R. D. Martin, 41342 vs. Nick Kupchick, 6996
All Campus Tennis Singles Matches must be played by Thursday morning, August 5 and reported to I. M. Office: Knobby Walsh, 5225 vs. Ray Morgan, 71904 Tom Heller, 75634, vs. J. M. Harwich, 2733 Hal Guzofsky, 31754 vs. Bob Lindblad, 2187 Larry Kaplan, 3968 vs. R. L. Mayhew, 45103 F. D. Martin, 2443 vs. Kave Koehler, 4729 G. N. Vriens, 46483 vs. R. W. Abbott.
Ward Horseshoes Following is the drawing in the ward horseshoe tournament scheduled to start Wednesday evening, August 4 at 4:15. Anyone not having horseshoes may obtain them from the Intramural Dept. Since this schedule is single elimination it is necessary that each man appear as scheduled. C. Hershey vs. Jack Beckett B. H. Hobson vs. J. Laudenberg E. Brewer vs. C. Lynch Jim Bell vs. M. Strutz Bob Helding vs. R. Schultz T. Kruger vs. R. Brudi R. Reinking vs. R. Walker R. Gallmeyer vs. W. Lippert Chas. Hess vs. winner of E. Brewer & C. Lynch G. W. Miller vs. winner of T. Kruger & R. Brudi
Linhiad Wins Three Events In Ward Meet Ward trackmen held their annual meet last night on the Stadium track. As was stated in a previous Exponent story, no competitors had signed up for the meet by Friday night, but by Saturday noon several entry blanks were returned to the Intramural Office. Only eight men were on hand for the competition in the five events. Times for all of the events were quite slow due to lack of practice on the part of the contestants and to the track that was in rather poor condition. Bob Linblad was the higher sej)!er for the meet as he walked off with top honors in the 220, the 440 and the 100 yard dashes. Summary: 100 yard dash, won by Linblad; second Hirshman. Time 10.6. sec. 220 yard dash, won by Linblad; second Hirshman. Time 25.2 sec. 440 yard dash, won by Linblad, second Ochstein. Time 62.5 sec. ’'Half mile run, won by Clarke, second Hipgs. Mile run won by Ochstein time 5:35. (Two other contestants failed to finish the race.) Ensipn F. J. Grumme . . . former student at the Univei’sity and a member of Phi Kappa Tail fraternity, graduated Saturday from the Naval Air Training Center, Corpus Christi, Texas, and was commissioned an ensign in the U. S. Naval Reserve. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Grumme, of Indianapolis.
Meyer Drug Company Founds Scholarship For Pharmacy School Meyer Brothers Drug Company of Fort Wayne has established a scholarship in pharmacy for the University School of Pharmacy. Meyer Brothers has established this scholarship in an effort to assist in relieving the critical shortage of pharmacists that now exists throughout the country, stated Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the School of Pharmacy in announcing the
award.
This scholarship will be awarded
on the basis of scholastic ability and need. Interested applicants for the scholarship are avised to consult
their high school principals. SAE Will Hear
W. A. McLaurin
Society of Automotive Engineers
will meet tomorrow evening in the East Faculty Loun^ of the Union to hear William A. McLaurin, chief engineer of a Diesel engine com-
Personnel Notes Callas Texas piesent
technical paper. McLaurin will discuss the Guiberson Radial Engine which is now being produced for use
in light tanks.
Former plans to have the engine itself on display have been changed. However, McLaurin will present slides with his talk.
(Continued from page 1)
The real challenge of the post war period is to keep war from coming again, and only by that method can we prevent war reactions. This he said we can do. American failed to take up the challenge after the last war, and as a result we have the present struggle with the reactions which will surely follow.
New Initiates Listed
Present at the banquet were a number of the engineering faculty as well as the active members of Tau Beta Pi, national engineeringhonorary, and the new initiates. New initiates for this semester are, W. B. Brewer, A. G. Caccavele, W. G. Eagle, Q. J. Evan's, J. W. Hafsten, F. C. Hohenstein, R. A. Kraay, 0. C. Myers, L. P. Smith, W. H. Tyson, G. N. Vriens, R. M. Whitely, H. H. Wormser, C. C. Clark, D. E. Gault, L. P. Jese, S. W. McMyler, R. C. Patrick, R. J. Reed, R. S. Vickers, R. B. Batchelor, J. A. Henderson, H. R. Roberts, R. E. Truax. Dr. W. L. Sibbett, of the mechanical engineering teaching staff, was initiated at this time into the fra-
ternity.
these games in the final rounds be played as scheduled. C. E. Dammon to Visit South Bend Area Friday C. E. Dammon, director of admissions will be in South Bend Friday to interview students in that section who plan to enroll in the University this fall. He will be in Indianapolis next Tuesday for the same purpose. The cliangc in regulations recently about deferment of college students in agriculture, forestry, and pharmacy in addition to most of the engineering options have brought many inquiries from prospective students, and he will answer questions for both parents and stu-
dents.
Sigma Delta Chi . . . journalistic honorary, announces the election of the following officers: Ellis Murphy, president; Bill Tyson, vice-president; Jim Richardson, secretary; and Ray Smith, treasurer. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
eigth annual 4-H Conservation Club camp, July 28-Aug. 3. Fiftysix boys from 22 Indiana counties attended the camp which was held at Hassmer Hill state park in Rip-
ley county.
The staff included J. L. Van Camp, extension forester from the University; R. 0. Cole, of the soil conseryation extension staff; W. O. Mills, field representative of the School of Agriculture and a number of vocational teachers and county agents; and members of the state conservation department staff. Margie Herd, junior science''student, served as pianist and editor of the camp newspaper, Hassmer
Hill Howler.
Reamer Ciub^ . . . activities honorary for seniorindependent men, announces the election of the following officers: Jack Swantz, president; Leslie Fleck, vice-president; Richard De Long, secretary; Wallace Graube, treasurer; and Rayniond Smith, sergeant-at-arms. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Staff Members; Members who wish copies of the new catalogue may get them by telephoning the editors" office or calling jp Bon." —BODDEN All Fraternities: Any fraternity that has given up its house for the duration and wo^d like to use the Student Senate office for chapter metings should get in touch with A1 Lindskoog at 2063. —LINDSKOOG All Students: Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office. —STONE Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, August 5, room 303 of the Union. —LAYTON Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Wednesday, August 4, at 7:30 p. m. in main lecture room, Electrical Engineering Building. All persons interested in Radio Club are urged to attend. Film will be shown. —PAGLIARULO Gimlet Club: Actives and pledges meet at Sigma Phi Epsilon house Wednesday, August 4, at 8:30 p. m. for initiation. Each pledge must bring towel, paddle, full box atid initiation fee. —BUTSCH Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation will be on Thursday, August 6, at 7 p. m. in room 865 of the Union. Please be there. There will not be a banquet. —MILLER Senate Workers: Sophomore Senate workers’ petitions for junior positions are due. They will be accepted up to Wednesday, August 4. —^THOMAS AWS Executive Board: No picnic will be held as planned. Instead a meeting will be held at 7:15 p. m. in the AWS office.
—VEIT
Alpha Phi Omega: There will be a meeting of all actives Wednesday, August 4, at 7 p. m. in room 307 oi the Union. It is important that all actives attend. —EAGLE Student Senate; Important meeting concerning elections tonight in the Student Senate office at 8. —THOMAS Union Vice Presidents: AH vice presidents petitioning for senior positions must report to room 60 of the Union at 4:80 today. Be prompt. —GEE Radio Club: Final meeting of semester on Wednesday, August 4, at 7 :30 p. m. in main lecture room, Electrical Engineering Building. Service men who have been radio ''amateurs in the past, as well as regular students wlio wish to continue association with amateur radio, are urged to attend. —pagliaruLo Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Thursday night, August 5, at 7 :30 in room 302 of the Union. It IS very important that all members who will be hero next semester be present. —JOHNSON SCA: Special board meeting Tuesday, August 3, at 7 :3(> p. m. in SCA office. Impoitant that everyone attend. ^ —BURKHER
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watchefli guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Help Wanted—Student for 30 to 4B hours per Week for work directly related to war effort. Probable deferment for duration of pioject. Salary dependent upon qualifications. See W. B. Ligett, Room 214, Chemistiy Building. Waiter wanted to woik in fraternity house. Those interested please call I^rry Flei.schman, 7724. For Sale—One week old General Electric iteoid playei. Must sell at once. Leaving for army. Also one new Charvoa drawing instrument set. Call 46604 after 4 p. m. Lost—Lord Enghn wrist watch in men's lost room on second floor of Union. Leather stiap. Call 7016 for Norman Atz. Large leward. Lost—Semi-gold frame eyeglasses, maroon case. Call 8413, ext. 266. Found—K & E .slide^iule with name Samuel Eisenstein on it. OffU 4386 and ask for Lye Ruck. ^
Companies scheduled to visit the
Campus:
The B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, Ohio—August 4. Interested in Engineers, Chemists and Physicists. Phillips Petroleum Co., Bartlesville, Oklahoma—Wednesday or Thui-sday, August 4 or 5. Interested in Ch.E., Chemists (men and -wom-
en).
General Aniline & Film Corporation, Easton, Pennsylvania—Date to be announced. Interested in Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, August 6. The Glenn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Md.^—Date to be announced. Interested in August and December ^.E., M.E., C.E.,E.E., P.S.E.
ble for fiateinities to enter the tourney. Please plan to be on the couits on time.
Fraternity Table Tennis finals will be played Tuesday evening at 4. Tjiose going into the playoffs please be on the courts as scheduled.
Fraternity Badminton will be played on Tuesday and Thursday evenings of this week at 6:45. Tuesday will be the last evening possi-
Fiatcrnity Archcry is scheduled to stait Thursday evening, August 5 on the art-hei y range just north of the women’s tennis courts. Entry blanks are not being sent to the various houses; merely reporting- for action will he sufficient. Each fratermty is allowed a two man team, and each man will shoot 30 arrows from 30 yards. Starting- time is at 4:30 and all entrants must be on range at this time. Usual awards to be made.
Naugatuck Chemical, Division of U. S. Rubber, Naugatuck, Conn.Interested in Chemists (B.S,,M.S., Ph.D.) Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, August 4. Wood Conversion Co., Cloquet, Minn.—Interested in M.E. Sign by Saturday, August 7. Chemical Warfare Service Development Laboratory, M.I.T., Cambridge, Mass.—Interested in August & December M.E., Ch.E., Chemists. Sign by Saturday, August 7. Aluminum Company of America, Lafayette, Iiid.—Interested in Ch.E. Sign by Wednesday, August 11.
Saito To Speak To Foundation Perry Saito, a Japanese-Ameri-can Methodist minister from the Tule Lake Relocation Center, will speak tomorrow evening on a program open to the public at 7:30 in the lounge of the Wesley Foundation Building on the subject “Interracial Understanding”. Saito, whose talk is being- sponsored by the local Friends’ group, is touring- Indiana this month giving his talk to various church organizations. He is the president of the Vancouver district of the Methodist Youth Followship.
She Wanted a Etin
Jii M
INNING THE WAR!
ANN, A REAL A.RERICAN GGIL, JOINS THE WAVES
AT WFEhJP OF A MONTHS TRAIN IN6 MANY OF ANN'S FRIENPSARE REAPY FOR ACTIVE DUTY ANP LEAVE FOR THEIR RESPECTIVE POSTS
l\ i I
^ THEYPE V THEY , f BEAPy FOR.kfRTAlHLV^ i,PU7Y HOWK ARB
lA/H/LE ANN AMP SOME OF HER FRIENPS 60 ON FOR SPECIAL TRAINING,
THR0U6H0UT THE COUMTRYANMS FRIENPS 60 ON AaiVE DUTY AS FULL-FLEP6EP MEMBERS OF THE SERVICE , JtHIS is SAN PIEGO, LIEUTENANT/ HOLD THE WIRE*
Ky Ebrig-ht, University of California crew coach, has given up the job of teaching- men hqw to pull an oar for the duration. Instead he is recruiting men to pull up vegetables. Since crew has been abandoned at the University, Ebright has taken the job of recruitment and placement of men in the Victory Farm Volunteers. '
NOW THEIR SALUTE IS RECOGNIZEP BY EVEN AM ADMIRAL
MEANWHILE ANN PREPARES FOR ADVANCEMENT..
ILL BEA .CHIEF PETTV OFFICER IN NO time/
FOLLOW ANN IN THESE . STORIES OFTWE WAVES!