I;''''--,;:, 5''C'■''I? V' '' ■‘-- T I'“lU’ f , ■' , I ' . ;
,'■ ' ■-< , ^ .><
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME 3tLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1936
MUHBEESy
Debaters To Compete For Mohlman Cup Kegistratien For All Organizations Closes Thursday Noon Registration for the Mohlman in-tra-mural debate contest closes Thursday noon, and all organizations wishing to enter teams must sign up in the Debate office in the Union Building before that time. The contest is open to all campus organizations and the winning organization will be‘ given possession of the cup, presented by the Mohljnan Jewelry Co., for one year. The tnembers of the first and second placing teams and their managers will receive keys and tickets to the annual speech banquet. Two Man Teams The teams will consist of two members and a manager. However, an organization' may enter two teams but both must be managed hy the same person. The subjects will be chosen at a meeting of the managers at 7:15 Thursday evening.
Award Corps Honors Today The Corps Day Program for November 3 includes the presentation ■of several awards; the Efficiency Pennant to the F-2 battery, the swimming team awards, first place to F-2 and second to E-2, and fourjageres to new members of POMM. Jn case of rain the 4th P. P. A. will assemble in Eliza Fowler Hall except that now members of POMM will report to Room 103 in the Armory.
T.K.No8sWm Speak At YWCA Meeting T. K. Noss of the education department will talk on social service jn larger cities before the social service committee of Y. W. C. A. YVednesday, Nov. 4 at 4 o'clock in the organization office. Helen Conner, chairman of the committee, is in charge of the meeting at which Joan Padgett will give a musical selection. All co-eds may attend.
Editors Bqw To Union In Pin Meet The Exponent bowling team was defeated by the Union team in a j3hallenge meet last night, the score being 1991 to 2149. The Exponent team was composed of W. T. Hunt,' A.. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, K, E, O’Neil, and R. F. Obenchain. The Union team consisted of R. T. Reid, L. A. Reith, W. Scholer, F. T. Sheets, and W. K. Stallings.
Alpha Xi’s Entertain . Faculty At Tea Sunday A^lpha Xi Delta sorority gave a iall tea in honor of the University faculty Sunday afternoon at the chapter house. A beautiful centerpiece of chrysanthemums and blue -paper adorned the lace-covered table. Other fall flowers and the members of the chapter dressed in fall formals completed the decorative scheme. The • sorority president, house mother, and alumni advisors received the guests. Mrs. Otis Trimble, Miss Ruth Jordan, Mrs. G. A. Young, and Mrs. Floyd Lux served refreshments.
Former Student Here ^orks On German Road Fritz Leonhardt, German exchange student who specialized in highway engineering at Purdue, is working on the design and conistruction of Germany's super-high-way, expected to total nearly 4,000 -.wiles at the end of a ten-year per;iod. Leonhardt is responsible for '.some marked improvements in con•crete pavement design, especially In the .use of re-enforcing steel. -
THESE
LANDON
KNOX
Music Study Tonight At 7 A study of symphony will be held this evening in the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock under the supervision of Dr. G. H. Graves. The meeting will adjourn in time for those wishing to attend the Kryl Symphony Concert convocation.
Irvin A. James, 1926 graduate from the school of civil engineer ing was recently transferred from the Chicago branch of a large insurance agency to the Los Angeles, California headquarters, where he will serve as an inspector.
Candidates Make Final Pleas For Election Governor Laudon, President Roosevelt
Speaks From Topeka In Last Broadcast Topeka, Kan., Nov. 2—(Special) -Resting his 1936 political, campaign for election to the Presidency of the United States, Gov. Alfred M. Landon made his final plea to the voters of America tonight. Opening his speech with a comment on the clear understanding of the questions before the "public, the Kansas governor remarked that thousands of persons he had met during his campaign travels, really understood what the parties were fighting for. Prime Duty Of Citizenship Landon stated that obtaining such an understanding of political platr forms was one of the prime duties of a true citizen. He complimented the American people for successfully performing this duty. Concluding his address, Landon said that the people will go to the polls and vote “as Americans, for the future of America.”
Concludes Campaign FromHyde Park Home Hyde Park, N. Y., Nov. 2—(Special)—^President Franklin Delano Roosevelt tonight delivered the final speech injhis long and hectic campaign for reelection as president of the United States. Speaking from his study here in Hyde Park, Roosevelt expressed his appreciation of the work of the hundreds of thousands of “committees of one” who have been working day and night during the. campaign. Lauds Both Parties - Roosevelt commended these workers, both democrat and the opposition, because they served to better inform the American, people and helped them to find their way out of the wilderness of political haranguing. In conclusion, he emphatically urged the people of the nation to vote as they saw fit, regardless of whether they were now employed by the Administration or any of its subsidiaries.
OR THESE
Polls Open For Student Voters At 6 a. m. Today Student Captains Will Assist In Bedloting; Fraternity ^ Sorority Precinct List Out “Regardless of political party affiliations, vote....’* was the watchword on the University campus today, when the polls
opened at 6.o’clock this morning.
In carrying out this non-political program, a student-cap-tain has been appointed for each precinct, who will assist^any
and all students to vote, polit
ical faiths notwithstanding. As a. J^^rther mespia of. assisting student voters, theExponent has compiled a list of the fraternities and sororities in the respective precincts of West Lafayette, and the voting place of each, which follows: Voting Places Precinct 3—Fox Den school house for students residing at the airport and Union Building. Precinct 4—Wesley Foundation, 436 State Street; for Acacia, Alpha Kappa Lambda, and Phi Delta Theta-. Precinct 5—Burnham’s filling station. State and Main streets, for independent voters.. Precinct 6—
Morton school, for Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Nu, Sigma- Ul», Theta- Chi,-Kappa Alpha Theta and Phi Kappa Sigma. Precinct 7—491 Robinson street.
• The board of election commissioners announces that the voting place in Wabash township, precinct 4 in today’s election, has been changed from the K. H. Kettlehut garage, 432 Wood street, to the Wesley Foundation social center, 435 State street.
Precinct, 8—^Fire station, for Kappa Sigma, Delta Upsilon, Delta Chi, Delta Sigma Lambda, Delta Tau (Continued oh page 3)
ROOSEVELT
Lodde Contest Entries Close Tomorrow Registrafioii In Hnion; Preliminaiy Speedies Thurs., Finals Nov* 10 All girls who wish to participate in the Lodde speaking contest must submit their names to the debate office in the Memorial Union Building before 5 o’clock Wednesday, contest is open to all girls witK the exception of the members of the co-ed debate squad. Preliminary speeches will be given in room 301 of University HaU, Thursday. Seven finalists wiM compete Tuesday, November 10, for permanent possession of a desk plaque given by the Lodde Jewelry Company,, of Lafayette. A cup is also offered by the sponsors of the contest for the organization winner.
GARNER
Flower Show Opens Friday Golden chyrsanthemums, luscious fruits and late fall vegetables will be on display this week-end in the Horticulture Building and Marstellar street greenhouse. Seasonal fruits and flowers will be exhibited by students and commercial grow ers in the annual show sponsored by the Horticulture Club, j The show will open Friday at 1 p. m., and continue until 5 p. m. Sunday. The Horticulture Club expects the Sunday crowd to swell the attendance to four or five thousand. Exhibits will be both competitive and educational.
Rain, Rain, Go Away Rain, rain, and yet more rain! From 7 a. m. to 7 p. ra. yesterday, there was recorded a continuous precipitation . . . 3.47 inches to be exact, according to Thomas H. Hill, assistant weather recorder in the state chemist’s office. The unusually heavy “dew” caused a great deal of inconvenience to;students, who were confronted with the weighty problems of concentrating on the next hour's recitation, and trying td dodge miniature lakes at the same time. One such lake, to the east of the Armory, was observed to be “doing fine” and is reported to be “on the up-and-up”. The climax was reached last night when a canoe was brought into service to ferry citizens across the “raging torrent” on Waldron street. '
Kryl Presents Symphony Orchestra At Convo
Margery Maxwell, Cornelia Bona To Assist As Solists
Bohumir Kryl, called by critics “the best cornetist in the world,” will bring the symphony orchestra which bears his name and which he organized, to the Purdue Memorial Gymnasium tonight at 7:30 for the second musical convocation of the year. Featured artists with the symphonic orchestra include Margery Maxwell, lyric soprano virtuoso, and Cornelia Bona, harpist. Kryl and his orchestra have played more than 12,000 concerts, always en tour, travelling more than 1,600,000 miles in the course of 33 years. He is now making his 33rd annual coast-to-coast tour. Born in Horice, Bohemia, Kryl ran away from home to join a circus at the tender age of eleven. In this troupe, the Rentz Travelling Circus, he was a contortionist, a tumbler, jumper, and trapeze artist—^playing cornet in the parade as a sideline. He played the violin'for his passage to America. Since then he has risen to the top in mqsic and now directs his own orchestra. The following program will be presented at the convocation tonight in the gymnasium. Overture to “The Bartered Bride” Bedrich-Smetana, 1824-1884 Harp Solo. ''Introduetlon et Alleficro” Maurice Ravel, 1876. Symphonic Suite, "Scheheraaade”-Bimafcy-Koraakoff, 1844-1008
1. The Young Prince and the Young Princess. - , , II. Feast at Bagdad. The Sea- The vessel is wrecked on a rock on which a Warrior of Brass is mounted. Concert Walts. “Tales from Vienna Woods” Johann Strauss, 1825-1800 Intermission Cornet Solo, Fantasia, “Carnival de VeiMee” , ' Hartmann-Kryl
^yuftphony Op. 6, “From the New World” Anton Dvorak
I. Largo.
II. Scherzo. Aria for Soprano, “Depuis le Jour” from “Louise”, Charpentier, 1860 “Natchez on the Hill” John PoweU Kryl has spent 39 years in concert work, 31 being devoted to the or-
Eight Selections, Two Suites On Classical Program
—(—,
ganization and conduction of his own'musical organizations. He has had only one interruption in this period of constant travel—^the declaration of the world war and the entry of America into the international conflict. Many Laurels Many have been the laurels heaped upon him, among them being his commission by the United States government to supervise and direct the training of all the Army bands in the various training camps throughout the country. He spent a,few years under John Phillip Sousa, and other bandmas ters before he ever directed a symphonic band. His big chance came one day when the director of the band he was playing in became ill Kryl volunteered to direct the band and although he was the youngest member of the organization, he got the chance. So well did he carry out his task, that the bandleader made him assistant conductor. Forms Own Orchestra Kryl left this organization dnring a long, engagement in Cincinnati, Ohio, and formed his own orchestra of fifty pieces during the next year. He has built that same organizR' tion up since then until it is now considered by criiacs all over the world as one of the best symphonie orchestras in existmu^.
Women’s Club To Present Annu^ Fall Fashions Latest fall fashions will be presented in a meeting of members of the Purdue Women’s Club, tomorrow at 2:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. Miss Vera Swan, representing Loeb and Hene Deiiartment Store, will describe the costumes which are furnished by the store. The climax of the fashion show will be a bridal party consistiugof four co-eds. The ' bride will be Marjory Krull, and bridesmaids will be Mildred Fitch, Lucia Prentice, and Betty Wren. Bfary Ann Kettlehut will act as' flower, girl.
Ag School Sponsors Livestock Contest Blue-blooded members of the University’s livestock royalty will go on dress parade Wednesday evening, November 18, in the livestock judgin^g pavilion at the University. This is a showing which precedes the International Livestock Exposition, and serves to judge which animals will represent the University at the exposition.
Ag Reception In Union Bldg. Friday Students in the school of agriculture who are interested in general agriculture or the rural economifiS options will gather in the reception, room of the Memorial Umon ing, Friday evening at 7 o’clock to attend a student-slaff party sponsored by the Farm Management Club. Refreshments, door prises, fiw and entertainment wilLbo c€erod^ according to M. Drake, who is in charge of ^e affair.
Very superstitious junior and, senior membe]m of Alabama I*oly« teehnie Institute’s j93d football squad wear the same numerals on their perseys that they wove adiite winning eight and losing two ^ tlMdr hmt seam.
> 1 '{■'-.ti'Sjv’rfSii/
1
■-''■'’T" ■®f'' li^jicf’’'''
Pmrel'wro
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, November 3, 1936
An Open Letter Yesterday morning Professor “Charley” Murphy took up the no smoking tradition in one of his classes, condemning it with much gusto. This open letter is addressed to Professor Murphy and others of his ilk who apparently have no regard for the school in which they teach and which provides them with their livings. It is these so-called “progressive thinkers on the faculty who are opposed to the tradition. They are also the ones who can see little or nothing outside of material comfort; they apparently do not have the ability to believe that there are things more important than personal desires. It is not for these men to determine whether or not there will be smoking on the campus. A faculty organization against the rule is apparently exerting its best efforts to tell the students what’s what. But students of the caliber of those who attend Purdue are not going to sit idly by and permit any faculty group, regardless of whom it is composed, to break up a tradition. Faculty men have the right to assign lessons and offer advice to students, but in the matter of traditions it is the faculty which must fall in line. If smoking were prohibited in faculty offices, there might well be a protest. But as long as smoking in offices is condoned, there should be no objections from the faculty when they are politely requested to discontinue smoking when on the campus.
To Vote Or Not To Vote
Several hundred University students are eligible to cast ballots in public elections today for the first time. What percentage of these potential voters will overcome their undeniable apathy toward voting as displayed in the campus elections is not definitely predictable, but according to past records of college students in national elections, it will be fairly low. What are the bases of student indifference toward elections, even national elections? Probably the principal reason lies in the impracticability of sheltered college life in contrast to life in post-college years. Individuals of college age have not learned the importance of elections to their own welfare. Purdue students do not participate in the campus rallies, mock conventions, stump speeches, and other activities that stimulate interest in elections which are staged by collegians at liberal arts institutions. They lack time to follow campaigns extensively. Very few students who had the foresight and energy to register properly can find substantial excuses for failing to vote today. Dissatisfaction with political parties in general does not j'ustify indifference; the voter can at least designate what he considers the best of the evils.—^R. P. M.
Straw Polls and a Record Vote
Record-breaking turnouts of voters are expected at the polls of the nation in today’s elections. Any increase in the number of ballots cast can be attributed in part to the straw polls that have been conducted by various agencies during the summer and fall. Starting even as early as last spring, these polls have built up apd maintained interest in this November election. Proximity is always a factor in determining interest, and these political barometers have propagated daily and weekly, by radio and press, results obtained from cities, states, geographic and occupational areas.
Efie $uriiue exponent
Fonnded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 PUsoctoted GoUedtole Press Distributors of Gc)lle6iateDi6e$t
Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave new York N Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES - PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3 60 per year, delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF W. T. Hunt _ E. H Morns K. A Barnette, J. E Brock, A. H. Forster, B P Manion, C. L Sadler
Sports Editor ~ AHOciate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF „ „ L. D. Wood W, H. Fifleld, S B, Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager^Kational Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Oirenlation Manager
R. J. Hulse L H. Brown D C, Miller J P, Girard
Editor. Advertising Manager AtsocJato Editors „
WOMEN'S STAFF — Helen Creech Betto Barnett Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
iMue Editor—C. D. Schroeder.
The straw polls have served to make the people of the nation more political-minded. They have aroused curiosity as to the reason for the dominance of a candidate or a party in a section of the country or of the country as a whole, as forecast by the use of instruments for measuring public sentiment: they have brought before the people political issues of the nation and of divisions of the nation. Political leaders and workers have been spurred to mote zealous support of their respective parties by the omni-present straw votes. The fact that results from the polls can be interpreted in more than one way and that two such widely known agencies as the Literary Digest and the American Institute of Public Opinion arrived at widely differing predictions tend only to increase the expectancy of a record vote for today. A voter of either major party can find reasons for expecting his candidates to win and at the same time find reasons for not being so certain of victory that he can afford not to do his part in winning it.—R. P. M.
The Exponent welcomes comments oj good taste and reasonable length from its readers
This gal WOODCOCK, WRHer, was born under the star of “I love me” . . . HERMAN, the man back east, decided to have a date last Friday night — this displeased JANE—she had a friend in WRH to send HERMAN a telegraph stating that WOODCOCK was sick— HERMAN telegraphed back that date was off if it will make JANE feel better—^this news made JANE feel fine—so to celebrate she had the date she had planned to have such stuff . . . the boys on the Chemical Engineering inspection trip were very favorably impressed with the Hiram Walker Distillery in Canada which they walked straight ? ? ? through—^this must have been a wonderful inspection trip with the Cataylist Honry Fraternity convention in Detroit while the boys were there . . .
I’m For Colvin
To the Editor: I was the only person eccentric enough to cast my vote for Colvin, the Prohibition candidate, in the recent Exponent poll. For no reason at all, I should like to justify my selection. First, why didn’t I vote Republican? Because it looks to me as if the motto of the G. O. P. is, “Anything for a vote.” Just a minute; I’ll come to the Democrats in due time. The Republicans have more or less taken the Democratic platform; they have filled the air with charges of “dictatorship;” they have frantically attempted to connect Roosevelt with communism; and they have slung mud with might and main while charging the Democrats with the same trick. They talk of Farley’s political bossism, not mentioning John Hamilton. Landon apparently doesn’t know what he is talking about most of the time. Even if I could see that the Republicans had anything to offer, I would not approve of their political tactics by voting their ticket. The Democrats also twist the facts whenever they can, as in the case of the Kansas schools. While taxes (except on corporations) have not yet been raised, it seems quite probable that they soon will be. The business of babying the unemployed is being carried too far. Inflation, which is a means of taking a man’s money and giving it to someone who has not earned it, has been started. Without doubt, there has been a great deal of graft in the New Deal spending. Many of the New Deal ideas have been impractical. I don’t want to approve of all of that. Well, there’s nothing left but the minor parties. I suppose I may as well look at them. There are the Socialists. No, too impractical, as are the Communists. Their schemes were tried in pioneer days and flopped; they are no better now. Then there is the Union party, backed by Rev. Coughlin, who would destroy the federal reserve banks, and Dr. Townsend, with his crackpot plan of revolving pensions. Passing on quickly, we come to the Prohibition party. Why was it we repealed the Eighteenth Amendment? Bootleggers? Cre ated disrespect for law? Ineffective? Yes, but— Have we fewer racketeers since repeal? No, bootleggers merely turned to other branches of crime. Is anyone who drinks at all excessively, against the law or otherwise, going to amount to much? Probably not. Perhaps the law was ineffective in some respects; but during prohibition, one was not knocked down by the stench of a saloon every few steps as one walked down Main street. I am not acquainted with the other planks in the prohibition platform; but teetotalers usually have considerable common sense, and which seems to be more than most political parties have; so I will trust them for the rest. So, I voted for Colvin.—^A, D. Topping.
Where was Theta MASTERS?? • sae ROJ HARTMAN, whose shield is hung on said Theta, indulged in the fine art of canoeing t’other afternoon with “Tippy” MARY LEE HICKMAN ( Chi O pledge—^their boat tipped over in the Wabash river and she swam home .... aftermath of the Phi Kappa Pledge Dance—^boy, what a
Character is never made in a crisis—it is only exhibited.—Dr. Robert Freeman.
A liberal is a conservative with a conscience.—^Waite Patton.
People will go on trying to fix the world and the world will continue to fix people.—Henry Ford.
Pet slogan of PURDUE—HURRY UP AND WAIT . . .
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY RUDY VALLEE
“Follies Bergerie’ — also — KEN MAYNARD
“Heroes of the Range”
“He thinks he knows everything—^just because he never went to college.”
dance—CHICK MEEHAN shoved his pin on ANN HEWITT, who carried this pin right back to Stevens with her—^they say these boys are sniffing for cigars . . .
Teke KOHN and alpha fuzzie “Wusfie” SMITH after a very short courtship have merged as one
or something??—anyway she iB toting his pin . . . the swirling watei of the ditch behind the Alpha Xi house has completely surrounded this house with water—^the Phi Gams are playing the part of chivalrous knights by carrying the gals in and out of the house—some fun,, eh, kids ? ? . . .
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
t DOUBLE FEATURE 1
LUHA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
McLACLEN
in Universal's
mncniFicEtiT
BRUTE
Plus
Cartoon
Musical Act
Pictorial
IliNlNIiE BAffNES WI LLliAM HAl^L JEAN DIXON
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.—Lloyd Jones.
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.Bacon.
1. Uphold'the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in nil popular elections.
— Plus — BUSTER KEATON COMEDY COLOR CARTOON
CHRISTMAS SEALS HGHT TUBERCULOSIS
Please Buy and Use Them
Vote R
- — — Republican
La 1
ndonr
Springer for Governor
James A. Slane
Secretary of State
Charles A. Halleck....
Congress, Second District
George E. Weigle
Prosecutor
Otto C. Neumann Joint Representative, Tippecanoe-Warren Counties
Joseph A. Andrew
Representative
A. Blaine Miller
J. Ralph Fisher
Arthur E. Buerkle.....
Harry E. Rlepinger...
Ralph M. Biery
Commissioner, First District
Wilber P. Brown
.Commissioner, Second District
W. L3nan Parkinson...
Judge of the Circuit Court
iriiiiiMiiittiiiiiiai4 v«r j(
..j' y <>,
^Tuesday, November S» 1986
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Win, 7-6 Over Carnegie Tech
Ippolito Scores Touchdown In Final Quarter; Isbell Kicks Winning Point A badly crippled Boilermaker squad eked out a 7 to 6 victory over the Carnegie Tech Tartans Saturday at the Tartan stadium. The Purdue squad opened the scoring in the fourth quarter when Ippolito crashed over the Skibo goal line and Cec Isbell was called in from the side lines to kick the winning goal. The Boilermaker squad had
Varsity Squash Team Loses To Faculty Squad
The varsity squash squad lost to the faculty in a close match on the squash courts at Eighth and Main last Saturday afternoon. LaBree and Fowler were outstanding in beating the varsity team four to three. H. Allen lost for the faculty 3-2 to Lucek in the first match. The faculty came through in the next four matches winning hands down. LaBree defeated Fields 3-1, Fowler defeated Wakefield 3-0, Clevett won from Sokolowski 3-2, and Knoll beat Noll 3-2. Juve won the next game for the varsity on a default from Tzucker and Jackson was successful in defeating Karr for the varsity in the last game 3-2.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
PRINTING, SWfoMty.P V«ddiii0 IfivUaHoiis j — Booksf Klc««• • 62 8 CASSEUS 408«rr/^
Formals
and
Party Dresses
7
95
Other $5.95-$19.95
Styles of Grandmother’s time down to the modem swing skirts to be found at
Harnf's Style Shop
184 N. Third St. LAFAYETTE
a hard time all day getting up enough drive to send the pigskin across the Carnegie goal after carrying the] ball deep in Tartan territory on several occasions. Tech Passes Click After the Purdue touchdown, the Skibo’s passing attack started to click and the Boilermakers were unable to cope with the sudden reversal of conditions and the Tartans completed one pass over the goal line only to be called back because of offsides. Immediately the Tartans’ repeated their act and again completed the pass, Fouse to Zawacki, for the only Carnegie score. Injuries Apparent The Boilermaker’s humiliation at the hands of the Gophers the week before showed up in their play as the crippled squad seemed lifeless and came out of their huddles to take their positions for the play with hardly any sign of pep. The squad was further crippled as Cec Isbell was hurt early in the game and had to remain on the sideline, with the exception of the few seconds he was in to kick the point after touchdown.
ielder’s....
....choice -■By Bob Walpole *
An accurate place kick from Cecil Isbell’s dependable toe provided the margin of victory for the Boilermakers against Carnegie Tech’s Tartans Saturday . . . credit is due to the many reserves who showed well under the strain of the game . . . a team handicapped by the many injuries that Purdqe had Saturday almost has to depend on reserves ... if the reserves can be depended upon, and they can, it is an excellent sign of a fine football organization... S —^fc— ' Although we never like to see Indiana win a ball game, we are glad they did last Saturday against Iowa ... it was the only prediction that came out as we anticipated ... —^fc— The Wildcats provided the spark that exploded Minnesota’s long victory march, but in spite of their win over the Gophers, we are almost positive that it wasn’t the same Gopher team that met the Boilermakers in the second half of the Purdue-Minnesota game of a
Northwestern Leads Big Ten With Purdue Tied For Second
Northwestern, by virtue of its 6- 0 victory over Minnesota held undisputed possesion of first place and ended Minnesota’s four year winning streak. Purdue, Minnesota, and Indiana are in a three-way tie for second place. Indiana defeated Iowa in a hard fought game. The Hoosiers were handicapped by injuries, but Iowa played a great defensive game. The final score was 13-7. Illinois pulled an unexpected upset in defeating Michigan 9-6. Michigan was highly favored over the Illini. Chicago, too, did the rather unexpected by defeating Wisconsin 7- 6 in a bitterly fought battle. Ohio State and Purdue played non-con-ference games.
Cross Country Team Defeats Blinois
BodeaUf Knapp, And Goory Star ForJBoUermah* ers In First Win Of Season
Champaign, HI., Oct. 31. — lUinois' harriers received their third straight loss of this season yesterday morning when the Purdue cross-country team whipped them 17 to 44. Art Bodeau of Boilermaker squad won the three-mile race in 16.24, Three Purdue runners crossed the finish marker before Harold Mies, first of the Illinois
squad to finish. Jack Malach and A1 Schneider finished in eighth and ninth positions respectively, while Ed Fraser, the fourth man on the Illini team, crossed the mark eleventh. Mies' time was 16:50, twenty-six seconds after the winner.
week ago. . . —^fc— Fordham next . . . the Rams are undefeated and headii% straight for the Rose Bowl unless someone knocks them off of their perch . Purdue will do it if any team can, and we have confidence in the Boilermaker eleven . . . let’s take Fordham . . .
West Lafayette Voting Precincts
BIG TEN STANDINGS
Team Northwestern Purdue Minnesota Indiana Ohio, State . Chicago Illinois Iowa.. Wisconsin . Michigan
W. 4 2 2 2 1 1 1 0 0 0
TOUCHBALL GAMES
TUEISDAY, NOVEMBER 3 Field 1— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Beta Theta Pi. xiciaL Hamilton. 2— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Official, Beck. 3— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official, Kerber. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official, Boyer. 6—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Official, Gaulke. ® Alpha Epsilon vs. Pirathon. Official, Martin. 8—Theta Chi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon, ficial, Taylor,
A cold wind was blowing as the runners started from the golf course and it kept up during the entire meet. By the turn at the first mile, the runners had strung out considerably. Art Bodeau, Alden Knapp, Jack Goory, Ray Marozick, Don Long, and Melvin Bell of the Purdue team were leading in that order, with Harold Mies, the first Illinois man, runing in seventh position. Mies Speeds Up The wind and cold slowed up the second mile, but at the two mile marker near the president’s mansion Art Bodeau still kept the lead with Knapp, Gregory, Long and Bell immediately following. In the four quarters which remained, from the president’s mansion to the finish mark, Harold Mies speeded up and passed into fourth place, ahead of Long and Bell of Purdue. He held that position until the finish. Jack Malach held the same position through the whole race, while
Co-Eds May See Scotch Team Play
The Scotch touring hockey team will play an exhibition match November 7 at Earlham College In Richmond. Miss Brady has asked that all girls who are interested In going to the game sign up by 12 o’clock today, in the Women’s Gymnasium so that she may send for tickets. Arrangements will be made for the trip if enough co-eds wish to attend.
-f
4- 4-
4»4>4-4-4-4-4-4-
WARD SOFTBALL 4-4-f4--f-4-V-4-TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3
Diamond
10— Ward 4 vs. Ward 7-x 11— Ward 17 vs. Ward 11 12— ^Ward 16 vs. Ward 2 16—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 16
Official Mangas
GnUs
Bartling
4- 4-
4- 4-
4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4>
GOLD & BLACK
4-4‘4'4-4-4'4'4-
4“ 4-
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3 Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official N. Abell. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Official, G. Greey. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Phi EpsQon. Official, Caporaso. Sigma Nu vs. Triangle. Official, Chainnan’.
A1 Schneider passed from tenth to ninth in the second mile. Ed Fraser, running his first varsity meet, never got above eleventh.
Enjoy the week-end in New York Visit
SparMing Dance jUusIc Day Entertainment DllVlVER-DANCmG-t-SUPPER-DAlVClNG
VICTOR RECORDS
25434
YOU’RE GIVING ME A SONG AND A DANCE f.t.
WHEN A LADY MEETS A GENTLEMAN DOWN SOUTH f.t. Popular Blues with Helen Ward vocalhsing.J
Benny Goodman and BUs Orchestra
25435
RAINBOW ON THE RIVER f.t. > (Prom the RKO film ‘Rainbow on the River’) /
WHEN MY DREAM BOAT COMES HOME f.t. I Hits for Lombardo fans I
Guy Lombardb and His Orchestra
25431
PENNIES PROM HEAVEN f.t. N ^ I Eddie Duchin SO DO I f.t. V and His (Both from the Columbia picture “Pennies ( Orchestra from Heaven.’’) Definitely the top I )
25430
LA-DE-DE LA-DE-DA f.t.
LOUNGING AT THE WALDORF f.t. Hot and hilarious 1
“Pats” Waller and His Rhythm
25428
ONE, TWO, BUTTON YOUR SHOE f.t. > ' LET’6 CALL A HEART A HEART f.t. | (Both from the Columbia picture “Pennies i from Heaven." You will like these— I and how I) )
Ray Noble and His Orchestra
McLean Music Co.
514 Main St.
Tel. 7917
(Continued from page 1) Delta, Beta Sigma Psi, Pi Kappa Phi, Theta Tau and Phi Kappa Psi voters. No 10—Rawles home, 646 Hayes street, for Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Kappa and Phi Kappa Tau. No. 11—^Pontius garage, 124 Russell street, for Phi Pi Phi, Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Alpha Gamma ‘Rho, Triangle, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Pirathon, Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Gamma Delta and Lambda Chi Alpha voters.
Music in the Morgan Manner by RUSS MORGAIV AND MS DILTNIORE ORCHESTRA
Snpper-Couvert $1.00 Saturdays $3.00 No fupper-couvert for dmner patrons
Private dining rooms for dinners and dances Special college room rates
THE BILTMORE Madison Avenue and 43rd Street • New York Adjoinm^ Qrand Central
Michigan State’s traveling football squad is the largest in the country. Thirty-nine players were taken to Pittsburgh for the Carnegie Tech game.
True Christmas Cheer,.. Help to Make Others Healthy
0^
Time to
__Have your car serviced for winter
You will not be one of the many people that have WINTER CAR TROUBLES if you have your ear serviced now at
Peter Anderson Co.
The Garage That is Open AD the Time > 525 Alahama PluMia 4043
The Kotlonal, State and local Tubarculoate AssodotlonB of the United StateseikstiBii
iaiililiiiitii
i0:'.
r r-s.wrt
M?4;-
PiteeFoitf
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
||i\' *5.1 .
flw tiUaUiiir Mimr Mlb A VELLOW V-8 FORD TAEl CAB Blade Can to ^ledal Occasiam SSc pw panancar any pait af the dtr MM PHONt» M71 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner^s Flower Shop Qnalitf Flowers
Main at 7tli
Phone 6050
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well WaUace Block 322 Fenr St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Ftfth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
SUIBSCRIBE TO THE EXPO JN ENT
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
John Sperb
Hardware, Paint and Glass
Special Prices to Fraternities and Sororities
o
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Body and Fender Straightening
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting.
Auto Body Shop
421-'423 North Third Dial 2998
I'M
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought,, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Passengers Wanted—For Fordham game. Lpave Thursday afternoon. Plymouth sedan. Call 46091 between 4 and 6 tonight.
For Sale—Roll top desk $8.00 (this is a bargain), 2 metal desk chairs, ea. $2.50. Good radio. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Student Room For RentWood street. Phone 3213.
-227
Ride Wanted—To Marion, Ind., today at 4 p. m, or later, will pay cash. Phone Loring 61083.
Thanksgfying Unluit 8h»W—Will the following people repott to the Uilion''ballroom Novemlmr 6 at 4 p. m. ;B. Burns, L..BakJohnston, and Eve Ruth. r-JACOBSON.
Newman Club—Social committee meets November 8 at 4 p. m. in room E. —KERNEL.
Scabbard and Blade—Formal pledging will be held in the Union at 4:80 p. m., November 8. All actives and pledges will please be present. —BAKER.
Wesley Foundation—Meeting November 3, at the Foundation House. Rabbi Simon will discuss Judaism. —McEACHRON.
Christian Science Organi2»tion—Regular meeting in room A November 8 and 7 p. m. —WILLS.
Delta Rho Kappa—Pledging and meeting at 7 p. m. November 3 in the Union. —FITCH.
Tuesday, NovemheT 3,1930
Whichever Candidate
Wins
Seniors—Anyone who has had his picture for Debris taken should inspect them today or tomorrow if they have not yet done so. ' —VAN NATTA.-
Agriculturist—All agriculture students interested in' working on the circulation staff please report at the Agriculturist office in the Union Building at 7 p. m., November 3. —BUXTON.
NOTICES
No noUcM accepted after 8 p. in.
Conditional Examination For CE 22-^ Will be given in room 301 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1936. Please consult instructor well in advance. ^ORESON.
N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at the cashier’s office, University Hall. —HOLLENSBEE.
Tuesday Evening Swimming Classes—^Tonight’s classes will be postponed until November 9 because of convocation. Schedule for Monday’s classes will be as follows: 7 o’clock—advanced swimming; 8 o’clocklife saving. —RUSSELL.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Informal initiation will be held November 13 in room 320 of the Chemistry Building. The initiation banquet will be at 7 o’clock November 17 at Wheeler’s over in Lafayette. Formal initiation will precede the banquet. —SLESSER.
Fraternity Presidents—Meeting November 5, at 6 p. m. in the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity. —KETTLE.
Playshop Stage Crew—^Report to subbasement at 4 p. m., November 3. —KETCHAM.
W. S. G. A.—^All freshmen women who have not reported to the W. S. G. A. for interviews, please come in November 3, at 4 p. m. —LIPPERT.
W. S. G. A. Office—Meeting in W.S.G.A. office, November 4 for all girls interested in working on this committee. This also includes the girls who have already signed
up.
-JANOUSEK.
Flying Club—Day, Scanlon, Whitney, Smith, Baldwin Howe, Lark-Horovitz, Rowlan, Williams, and Clinton meet in the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m., November 3. —McCRACKIN.
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in the Union at 4 p. m., November 3. —RIETH, MYTINGER.
Independents—Meeting of all activities managers and directors for both men’s and women’s P. I. A. activities, including all of Irene Feldt’s and my committees, at the P. I. A. office, November 3, at j p. m. sharp. Very important. —FELDT, WHITE.
You will always be ahead if you use Crown Gleaning Service regularly...Careful personal appearance brings
big returns.
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Inter-Fraternity Bowling—^The following teams will compete this evening: 6:45 p. m. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa; Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.... 9 p. m.. Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Chi; Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Teams must report on time. —PFORZHElMER.
Bowlers—^Alleys 1, 2, 3, and 4 will be reserved for tournament play tonight. Alley 5 will be open to the public. —PFORZHElMER.
Athletic Managers—Another division is being added to the Inter-Fraternity Bowling League. We can accomodate six more teams. If you have not entered and wish to take advantage of this offer, call the Student Union Office between 4 and 5:30
PFORZHElMER.
Cosmopolitan Club—All committees meet at 4 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. Very important business to take care of. —FUTOOHEE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting November 5, at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building, for selection of the pledges. All members 'httend. —KUECK.
Discussion Group—Meeting November 4.
—KUEHN.
?PC ;tin:
Norman Thomas Predicts
Election Victory For F.D.R,
“Roosevelt is sure to win,” declared Norman Thomas, Socialist candidate for President last Friday when interviewed by Marvin Sorkin of the Syracuse University Daily Orange. “He will win easily. After the election Landon will be just another
forgotten candidate.”
Scabbard and Blade—Pledges and active members are expected to attend the formal pledging in formal uniform at 4:15 p. m. November 3, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —MILNER.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Regarding the President’s so-called “Socialistic measures,” candidate Thomas stated that “Roosevelt did use some Socialistic ideas, but merely iri an effort to clean up a decadent capitalism. He used everything, perhaps, except Socialism it-'
self.”
He pointed to peace—or war— as one of the most important of all national issues, and the one least
touched by the two major party candidates.
“There can be no security or peace until we have a federation of commonwealths. We must eliminate the problem of the ‘haves’ and the ‘have nots.’ While a Socialistic government in this country would not absolutely remove the threat of war, it would greatly reduce the possibility.”
It's a Liqht Smoke!
For a Clear Throat
After a Late Party
The cigarette that leaves your throat free and clear on party nights will also leave it free and clear every night. So, whether it's a "big date” or “early to bed,” protect the delicate membtanes of your throat! Reach for a light smoke —a Lucky. You’ll get the finest tobacco money can buy—but free of certain irritants nature conceals in even the most perfect specimen of raw tobacco. Remember, these irritants are OUT of your Lucky Strike. "Toasting” takes them out. A light smoke gives your taste a thrill . . . and gives your throat protection!
NEWSFUSH!
★ ★
Memphis Columnist Prints Weekly Forecast for "Sweepstakes"
Hatfy Mardo, well-known Memphis columnist, has added a special feature to his column. Each week he predicts the winners in Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes”—and sp far he’s been right one time in three. *T’li take a small pat on the back for that .333 batting average” says Mr. Martin—and we’re ready to give it to him. Congratulations. Mr. Martin.
Have you entered yet? Have you won your delicious Lucky Strikes? There*s music on the air. Tune in "Your Hit Parade”—Wednesday {UidSaturdayevenings.Listen,judge and compare the tunes—then tty Your Lu^y Strike "Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and tty them. Maybe you’ve been missing ■omethiog.
Poyrntht uas. tbs Amerlem TM^wso Caapsar-
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED'TOBACCO - "IT’S TOASTED"