Jack McLean To Play For PIA Open Dance April 15 Studeijits from this campus and many others across the natiop will dance “Down Melody Lane with Jack McLean" at the first opep PJA spring dance of the year Friday, April 6, in both Union ballrooms. The dance, held in connection >^th the National Independent Students’ Association convention, will be informal. McLean is now on a nation-wide tour, following an engagement at Chicago’s twin ballrooms, Ar^gop and Tr janon. Jack McLean is an accomplished
MSprrlck To Speak Af Local Lions Baaquef celebration of the twentieth anniversary of the Lafayptte Liops CI«b, a bapquet will be held tomorrow evening in the Uniop. this locial club has tke distinction of beiiig the first of thirty-eight Lions Clubs organized in Indiana. The program will consist of a speech given by Karl M. Sorrick, first vice-president of the Lions International from Jackson, Michigan. Prof! Kobert Phillips of the Government Department will act as toastmaster.
Donham To Assume Veterinary Duties Dr. C. R. Donham, new head of the veterinary department of the Universit;^, has arrived from Columbus, Ohio, to assume his duties as the successor to Dr. R. A. Craig, who died last Clctpber aftey being struck by a motprcyple. Donham is a graduate of Iowa State College and has been connected with the veterinary departments of Miimp^otc^ an4 Ohip ^tate Universities prior fo coming here.
/
Co-eds To Meet Nominees At Special Dinner In Halls WSGA Election Open ToM;N^embers Elect YWCA, WAA; Voting Tomorrow Tonight th^ Ropaippe? of WSGA, 'S^AA, ^pd Y^CA w|p be entertained at a dinner at the women’s residence balls in order tiiat thp piajpfity pf tbp po-eds on the campus may meet the candidates. Following dinneir, there will be a reception in the north hall recreation room for the nominees. Those seeking election in WSGA
saxophonist. He received his first recognition in the musical world with his own band at the Cotton Club in San Diego in 1933. Ticket^ are now on sale to the general student body at the Union west desk, Deac’s and the PIA office, according to Wayne Musser, who is in charge of ticket igales. PIA members will be admitted ftee ppop presentation of their membership cafds. Others may purchase tickets. French Statesman Will Speak April 13 In Eliza Fowler Hall Andre Philip, member of the French Chamber of Deputies, will speak at a special University convocation in Eliza Fowler hall April 3, according to an announcement made yesterday by Prof. V. L. Albjerg, of the history, economics and government department. M. Phillip’s subject will be “Europe—Myth or Reality?” It will concern the permanent problems that face European countries. In the French Chamber, M. Philip has been a member of the committees on finance and social reform. He is touring the United State as a representative of the International Institute of Education of New York, and is a professor of economics and finance at the University of Lyon in Prance Open Convo The convocation will be open to a}l students, faculty members, and holders of season tickets. Prof. J. T. Gupn, chairman of the convocation committee, announced. Philip was educated at the Sorbonne. University, Prance, receiving his doctorate in economics and in law; was admitted to the French bar in 1926; but the same year he was appointed to the Lyons faculty. He spent 1928 in India and later studied at the University of Wisconsin as a Rockefeller Fellow ahd also at Columbia University. He lectured in this country in 1937. ( Pi Kappa Alpha Wins Interirafernity Rifle With 504 Tefal Points With a total of 604 out of a ppssible 600 points, marksmen from Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity drew down first place in the recent interfraternity rifie meet, in which twentysix fraternities vied for sharpshooting honors. Pi Kappa Phi representatives took second place, only nine points behind the leaders with a total of 486 points. 481 points drew third honors for Sigma Phi Epsilon, and the Kappa Sigmas totaled 462 points to take fourth place.
Choirs Present Sacred Cantata Tonight
vi/ 'A.
4%
“The Seven Last Words of Christ,” a sacred cantata, will be presented by the combined University and Echo choirs for the preEaster convocation for worship in Eliza Fowler Hall tonight and Wednesday at 8 p. m. Shown in the cut above are the 150 choir members who will take part in tonight’s program, the Echo
group in the black choral robes. In the forground are Choir director Albert P. Stewart (right) and Albert Schnaible, orgnaist. University Orchestra The choral presentation of the cantata will be accompanied by the University orchestra, Joseph M. Ragains, director. The cantata.
\Composed by Theodore Dubois, is divided into nine parts: Introduction; First Word, “Father forgive them, for they know not what they do.”; Second Word, “Varily, thou today shalt be with me in Paradise. Amen, so I tell thee”; Third word, “Woman, behold thy son”; Fourth word, “O, my father, why hast thou forsaken me*^”; Fifth word, “I
thirst”; Sixth word, “Father into Thy keeping I commend my soul”; Seventh word, “It is finished”; and Prayer. The presentation of the annual Easter convocation program is under the direction of committee on religious convocations.
Fraternities. Sororities Name Initiates
Acada , t . . . E. J. Heinton, Lafayette; W. T. Ruggles, South Orange, New Jersey; G. J. Hopkins, Kendallville; R. K. Mulvey, Lafayette; and G. W. Towle, Hammond. Alpha Gamma Rflo . . . T. 0. Blank, Indianapolis; 0. J. Burger, Jasper; I. J. Daniels, Milton; R. W. Hardin, Knightstown; J. W. Kiueck, New Haven; R. B. Stanley, Liberty; W. A. Stover, Corydon; J. R. Winship, Rushvifie.
Alpha XI Della
. . . Virginia Barson, Lorain, 0.; Jane Blank, Lofain, O.; Ruth Mae Evens, Hammond; Martha Carolyn Hedges, Columbus; Jean Horr, LaGrange, 111.; Mildred Kitley, New Palestine; Rose Malcolm, Indianaplolis; Vivian R, Peterson, Chicago, III.
anston. 111.; H. Lawrence, Peru; W. Neal, Detroit, Mich.; L. Osborne, South Bend; J. Reeves, Columbus; W. Rieth, Goshen; D. Zeller, Washington, D. C. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . P. Leininger, Columbia City; R. Stone, Owensville; Gi Ehrlich, Amherst, 0.; E. Barth, Chicago, HI.; T. Rosebrock, Indianapolis; P. Smerke, Fort Worth, Texas; J. Miller, Massillon, O. Kappa Delta Rho . . . Charles Hobbs, Chicago, 111.; Dick Kentner, North Ponwanda, N. Y.; and Bill Clark, Silver Springs, N. Y.
O’Bryan, Terre Haute; J. Osborne, Indianapolis; B. Rider, Oak Park, 111.; J. Shively, Spencer; H. Schornstein, Indianapolis.
Sigma Phi Epsilon
T. F. Peppier, Detroit, Mich.
Phi Kappa Tau
lau Epsilon Phi
. . . L. J. Berlik, Chicago, 111.; F. W. McCaffry, Evansville; and W. M. Fryback, Bluffton.
. . . A.^E. Arkin, Chicago, III.; R. D. Kabn, Indianapolis; A. S. Katz, South Bend; and J. Teplitz, Chicago.
Pi Beta Phi
Thaeles
Kappa Sigma
Beta Sigma Psi
... P. R. Bussing, For^ Wayne; R. P. Gerke, Fort Wayne; R. Lottes, Pittsburgh, Pa.; N. E. Marozick, Des Plaines, 111.; E. 0. Nordsieck, Chicago, 111.; A. R. Pastrick, South Bend; J. Schnaible, Lafayette; and P. E. Schnedler, Fort Wayne.
. . . E. Reeves, Ft, Wayne; C. T. Kirk, Flora; J. F. Neff, Wheeling, W. Va.; D. A. Frost, Evansville; S. T. Smith, Cleveland, O.; L. B. Cok, Chicago, 111.; J. H. Jackie, Evansville; and R. C Harris, Oak Park, 111.
. . . Mary Jane Bachelder, Indianapolis; Kathryn Bertsch, Indianapolis; Marjorie Bollman, West Lafayette; Marjorie Brown, Springfield, 111.; Marjorie Chanel, Battle Creek, Mich.; Calista Creel, Angola; Janet Dixon, Benton Harbor, Mich.; Jane Humphreys, West Lafgayette; Sylvia Pittman, Indianapolis; Jane Stickrod, Lafayette; Dorothy Weber, Indianapolis; Nan Zachary, Attica; Mary Jane Herring, Riverside, 111.; Jean Frankenberry, Shainn, Pa.; Peggy Howard, West Lafayette.
. .. Shirley Bornstein, Gary; Barbara Brand, New York City; Emile Goldberg, Anderson; Jeannette Lipshitz, Anderson; and Ruth Laura Weiss, Gary.
Theia Chi
. . . F. H. Freiherr, Severna Park, Md , R C. Miles, West Lafayette; C. Callahan, Lafayette; W. Leinweber, Baltimore, Md.; and M. O. Papamanoli, Gary.
Sigma Alpha Mu
\
Phi Kappa Psi
Students University studepts are asked not to visit stfidents who are ill ip the hospital pniess granted permission at the information desk. The danger of the spread of epntagiop and the interference with the hospital routine piake this re-* quest necessary. " I am asking that any viojation of the regulation he reporte4 to my office. Edward C. Elffott, President
Chi Omega
. . . Jane Arnold, Indianapolis; Beverly Baker, West Lafayette; La Verne Bans, Lafayette; Dorothy Booth, Indianapolis; Alice Chatfield, Lakewood, O.; Bettie Ann Groves, Evansville; Mary Holtman, Lafayette; Caroly Kiesling, Logansport; Helen Stallings, New Albany; Ruth Walker, Barberton, 0.
... T. Baldwin, New Harmony; B. Decker, Lafayette; G. Duncan, Chicago, 111 ; W. Parley, Winnetka, 111.; J. Fraser, Park Ridge, 111.; G. Hoffer. West Lafayette; B.^Lewis, Indianapolis; R. Moss, Lafayette; E.
... N. Goldstein, New York, N. Y.; M. Marks, Chicago, 111.; I. S. Raphael, Evansville; R. Brick, St. Louis, Mo.; I. Kolber, Chicago, 111.; H. Caesar, Chicago, 111.; T. Novey, Chicago, 111.; and J. Bach, Istanbul, Turkey.
Delta Tau Delta
... R. Can;, Indianapolis; D. Bastes, Baltimore, Md.; C. Lanius, Ev-
Florence Otto Will Discuss Graduate Work In Scouting Florence Otto, training advisor of the national Girl Scout organization, will discuss the possibilities of graduates entering Girl Scout work, at a meeting tomorrow at; 4 p. m. in the WAA room of the Wopien’s Gym.
Student Alliance Will Reorganize Tonight Under the University charter, the Student Alliance will hold a reorganization meeting tonight in room 305 of the Memorial Union building. The Alliance was formed a number of years ago, and is principally a peace organization.
Initiation Banquet Marks Termination Of Fraternity Week Officially terminating fraternity week, the interfraternity presidents’ council held its annual initiation banquet Sunday night in the north ballroom of the Union. The principal speaker was G. Herbert Smith, Dean of Men at DePauw University. Dean Smith’s subject was “A Badge of Distinction.” He told of the national, even international respect a fraternity pin commanded. His warning was, however, that a member of a fi-aternity can lose not only the respect his own fraternity commands, but also that commanded by all fraternities by ungentlemanly conduct.
are: president, Jane ^la^, Joyce Burnham, and Paula Zwierlein; secretary, Mary ^ean Hutchison, and Agnes McCulloch; treasurer^ June Close apd Ellen Scaiffi; junior representaUves, ll|ary Jane Bird and Mar;^ Ann Carpenter; sophomore representatives, Florencp Croll, and Helen Schickler. Elections Tomorrow Candidates for VjTAA positions are: president, Jane ]^shleigh, Eileen Westover; vice-president, Eleanor Harrison, Opal ]BIagrace; secretary, Katherine Ade, Mary Pidgeon. Anyone wishing to run for a position on the coipicll may do so by obtaining an application blank at the WAA office. Candidates for office op the YWCA board are; president, Ruth Bryant, and Thelma Bugher; treasurer, Jane Julin and Jane Bline; secretary, Katherine Long, and Bonnie Swope. , The elections will be held tomorrow from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. in the great hall of the Union. Any co-ed who shows-her passport may vote for WSGA officers, whereps only members of WAA and YWCA may participate in their respective elec-
tions.
Six Hanley Finalists Compete At Fowler Hall Thursday Night Speaking on subjects of economic interest, six engineers will compete in the finals of the Hanley Speech contest on Thursday, March 21, at 7:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Survivors of the preliminary contest last Thursday who will speak are Gordon Belles, ME '42; William Croft, ME ’4Q; Normpn Ges^ley, Epg. William ^arrisi ChB '40; Jac^ Myracle, Eng. '43; and Clyde Stewart, CE '40. An annual affair, the contest is sponsored by William M. Hanley, ME '11, to promote both better self expression and an interest ip economic topics among Purdue en^neers. First prize is 36 dollars, and further prizes range down to five dollars. JdHges will be two n^embers of the speech department, one member of the engineering school faculty, and one member of the economics department. Co-ed Debaters Neel Northwestern Teams Co-ed forensic teams of Purdue and Northwestern met yesterday in two practice debates in the west faculty lounge of the Union. There were no decisions. .The proposition for^debate was: “Resolved, That the Federal Housing Administration Program Should Not Be Renewed.” The University teams were: Eloise Guirl, and Faith Wayne, affirmative; and Charlotte Finney and Janet Morehouse, negative. Nortbwestern was represented by Betty Lee Evans, Carol Kahler, Ruby Vitzthum, and Elsie Lyon. OmriconNu , •. national home econopnes honorary, announces the pledgin^t nf Mary Louise Bone, Opal ColSus, and Betty Schilling as graduate pledges; and Maiy Edith Monk, Lu^iQe Opborn, Jean Plummer, and Ipene Sutherlin as undergraduate pledges. Initiation will take place some^ae after spring vacation.f;l^
PURDUE EXFONENT
Tue8dldy< Mai‘<:h 19« 1940
WITH MARY KAY
Let's give three cheers for spring (although it is taking a long time in getting here). Do that spring shopping now and don't wait for the sun and warm weather because it can snow one minute and be warm and sunny the next. Get those new Hester fashions and do a quick prayer to the su god. You know the Easter Parade goes on rain or shine and you just couldn't stand to miss it, now could you?
"Spring, 1940!" . . . That's the spirit of the new Carole King dresses seen at Queen City this week. They'll lift up your dragging spirits, gladden your heart and put a double plus on your personality. One creation took my eye on sight. It was a two-.tone poka dot in red and black. Maybe that doesn't suit your fancy, so come in and take your pick of the best crop of Carok Kings (the junior size original frocks sold only under the Carol King trade name) Queen City has ever had. They can be had for $6.50 and up. See them without fail today. —•— How is your figure? |f it is one of those super, supers then you are the gal I'm looking for. Late spring releases show the fitted torso in both afternoon and evening dresses. The dress fits (like you were poured into it) to the hips and is gathered, pleated or circular at the bottom. These come in light weight wools, silks, and rayons, espec-.
iaily the jerseys. Madomoiselle had a stunning one in grey jersey in the March issue. —•— As I walked up stairs in The Foster Shop I heard the heart throbbing rhythm of Gene Krupa coming from a small room. I discovered it to be one of many such rooms equipped to play recordings. The tune Gene was beating outg was "Symphony in Riffs" one of his latest leases. Dick Jurgen's latest platter "Cecelia" is being featured backed by "Loye Song of Renaldo" on Vocalion and both for only 35c. Frankie Trumbauer is backed in the recording field with his firsts for Varsity "No Retard" and an original "Tram" number. All these and any other song hit (as soon as it is released) can be, had at The Foster Shop. No matter whether your taste runs to hot music, sophisticated swing or the classics. The Foster Shop has them. _o— Put this on your shopping list—socks in all the new spring colors. They can be had in vari-
ous styles, the Hollywood, Bermuda, Honolulu, crew or just i the plain turned down cuff. A must on your list is the new swivel sock. It is knit in a spiral design without a place for the heal (This lets the sock receive the same amount of wear all over and not in just one spiot). When you buy them they look like Tittle sausages wrapped in celephane. Hats either ar6 or they aren't this season. You will be seeing the small fibwer bedecked straw or felt and the other extreme the huge, youthful felt in all of the pastel shades. Red, pink, yellow and light blue are being used. Some of the hats are beautiful and others seem ridiculess, so be careful of your choice. If you can wear one of the excentric ones and still look heavenly by all means do so. Choose fhe hat to fit your personality and the costume with which you are going to wear it. Goodby for now and a happy vacation to you all. I'll be with you after vacation, so watch for me.
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir Often, too often, we begin to think and talk abstractly. A sort of a mental wandering, caused mainly by spring fever but occurring most anytime^. Even in the dea4 of winter. As we were sloshing down a familiar campus canal the other day—before the evaporation—we happened to look up at the pretty blue sky and remark, “Gee, the outdoors is swell. It’s so big!” Our chum beside us said yes it certainly was. “It’s too bad they can’t build rooms that big,” we said. Onr chum beside us said oh they can. All they have to do is build the four walls and then instead of putting
the room on the inside, they can just put it on the outside. “But what about a roof,” we asked. Our chum beside us said oh yes that would be a problem but they could use pillars to support it. It wouldn’t have to he cantilever.
That made us pretty downcast because we didn’t want to have all our beautiful outdoors turned into a stuffy room. But we cheered up pretty soon. We decided that it wouldn’t be practical. The roof would probably be the catch, we decided, Besides the major engineering problems involved, the job of getting materials on location for overhead construction would keep even Wheeling Steel prohibitively busywheeling steel.
But it would be fine for sun bathers who like to sit on the roof.
High School Seniors Dr. J. Myers, Co-op Meet Here Today Authority, Will Talk For Ed. Conference In Union Tomorrow
Registration for some 600 high school seniors, attendants at today’s Tippecanoe county student educational conference, will begin at 8:30 this morning in the great hall of the Union. This conference, a one day affair, is one of a series of conferences of a guidance nature being conducted for high school seniors over the state. Dr. William Spencer, president of Franklin College, will make the opening address of the conference at 9:30 a. m. in the south ballroom. His topic will be “After High School— What?” Rowland Simisoh of Romaney high school will act as chairman at the morning session. The Jeflf high band will furnish music. Discussion Groups After the general assembly, discussion groups will meet in various rooms of the Union to discuss special topics. Members of the senior class of West Lafayette high school will act as chairmen. No general luncheon is planned for conferees, but one for conference leaders is scheduled for rooms 332 and 334. In the afternoon, conference at- ' tendants will again meet in the south ballroom for a general session. Howard Alltop, director of personnel for an Indianapolis insurance company, will discuss the topic “How to secure a job.” Chairman for this session will be Ruth Ralston, Montmorenci high school senior.
Dr. James Myers, an authority on co-operatives, will speak on “Labor Problems” and “Co-operatives” tomoi'row evening in room 355 of the Union. Myers, industrial secretary of the federal council of the Churches of Christ in America, is being brought to the campus by the student co-op-erative association and will confer ■with their presidents and educational chairmen at 4 o’clock this afternoon. He has studied many cooperatives including those in Nova Scotia, and many European countries and is a noted mediator of labor disputes and an expert on labor conciliation. There will be a lecture at 7 p. m. to all members of the Student Cooperative Association %nd to ■visiting delegates from the Farm Bltreau and at 8:16 he will speak to church / and labor union members on “The Church and Labor.” All students of labor problems and labor conditions are especially invited to this meeting; both lectures are open to the public. 400 Students ... were entertained at a tea for musical organizations at the home of President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott last Sunday afternoon. Members of the band, orchestra, choral groups and the university faculty attended. This was one of a series of teas being held for Various student organizations.
WBAA — TODAY — 11:00—The Dentist Says ll:15^Sam Hamilton—pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Russ. Graefnitz—pianist 12:16—Highlights of the Year 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Town Crier 1:0(1—Monitor News 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:30—^Music of the Artists, 1:46—Markets 2:00—Musical Serenade 2:30—You and Your Child 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Melody Moods 3:30—Biographies 4:00—The Wonder of Vision 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour
Dr. Gilbreth, Exchange
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, resident faculty member and consultant engineer, ■will speak on' “The Trained Women As a Volunteer” at the annual WAA sports banquet Thursday evening in the Home Economics cafeteria at 6:30. Hedwig Remek, a German exchange student, ■will also talk about the sports of German girls. The new WAA officers who ■will be elected Wednesday vdll be announced and introduced. Award Numerals ' " Girls who have earned 1000 WAA points will receive their P’s and be pledged to Sportswomen, women’s athletic honorary. Numerals ■will be given to freshmen women, who have earned 100 points, Mary Lee Hickman, head of ticket. sales, announced that tickets ■will be on sale at the Union, sorority houses, residence halls, and the WAA office for 50 cents. Union Tea Dance ... originally scheduled for today in the Union has been cancelled because of holy week.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Type^t«rB. All malui, Btanterd and voTibable, «o}d, purchased/' rented and repahred. New port^Ie machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheit, 606 Main street.
Student 'Washintr—Special Price. Call for and deliv^. Work guaranteed. Phone 7468. i FOR RENT Russ—Rent.A.-Car Serrlee. Can for all oecasiorns. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71044.
LOST AND FOUND Found—^Parkette Pen. Grant street near C£ building. Owner claim. 246 'Wood.
Lost: A P sweater Wednesday at Athletic Carnival. Sure would like to have sweater. Reward. Call 6028.
Lost: Gold Eversharp Fountain Pen near Union or Library. Reward. Call A. Arkin, 7724.
Iiost: Log log slide rule No. 3000H Saturday at 12:16 p. m. between Mechanical Engineering building and Physics building. Please return to main office Mech. Eng.
I^st: Gruen Wrist Watch, Chromium with white gold case. Keepsake, Reward. Rasmussen. 36663.
Notices
No Botieca will b« accepted aftar ■ p. ak Freshmen Distinguished Students: You may obtain your 30 dollar refund from the cashier’s office. —STONE. Radio CInb: Meeting Tuesday, March 19, in room 264 of the EE Building at 7:30 p. m. —PITCHER.
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room _ 801 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take this make-ut> should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 28. —MESSERSMITH.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. Prom noon March 22 to noon March 28 and April 1. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spting recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Gimlet: Very important meeting at SPE house Tuesday, March 19. Selection of pledges will be discussed. Ail members must be present. —FRAZEE.
The Chandelier in University of Minnesota’s Northrup Auditorium weighs 4,600 pounds, takes two hours to clean. IM Schedules
VOLLEYBALL Tuesday, March 19 —7:00— Acacia vs Alpha Tau Omega Phi Kappa Tau vs Beta Sigma Psi Alpha Chi Bho vs Sigma Chi Phi Sigma Kappa vs Beta Theta Pi Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Nu Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Chi : Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Tau Delta Alpha Sigma Phi vs Sigma PI Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi Wednesday, March 20 » —7:00— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Delta Upsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa Delta Rho Theta Chi vs Kappa Sigma Theta Tau vs Lambda Chi Alpha Theta Xi vs Phi Delta Theta Triangle vs Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Psi
'i'r
-so I says to my landlady: ‘How you gonna make me paycan you squeeze blood outa a turnip?"’
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Wednesday, March 20, at 7:45 p. m. in room 268 of the Union. Two speakers. Please come. . —ESTEY.
Ceres: Regular meeting on Tuesday night, March 19, at 7 p. m., in the Old Agriculturist office. Union building. There will be a speaker. —BRUNK. Phi Lambda Upsilon: Short but important meeting Tuesday, March 19, at 7 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry building. Please be prompt. _ —HALL. Christian Science Organization: Important business meeting will follow the regular meeting Tuesday, March 19, at 7:80 p. m., in room 808 of the Union. Election of officers will he held. All members are urged to be present. \ —KNIPP.
Exponent Co^d Staff: There will be a coed edition on 'Wednesday night, March 20. All freshman and sophomores are expected to work. Report to office at 4 p. m. \ —SHILLINp. PIA Dance Class: Regular meeting will be held in the ballroom of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, March 20. —LUTZ.
Fl3ing Clnb: Very important meeting on Wednesday, Mfirch 20, at 7 p. m. in' room 212 6i the Unidn. Plans will discussed for the Washington Conference and N. I. F. C. meet. All members who have logged any time in the-past year bring log booked record. —KIMBALL.
Glider Clnb: Meeting Friday, March 22, at 7:16 p. m., room 304 of the Union. —MILLER.
Scabbard and Blade: Official meeting Tuesday, March 19, 7:30 p. m., in room 823 in the Union. Members will please wear formal uniform as the corps area inspection officer will be there. —OLSON.
Purdue Sports Women: Important meeting in' WAA office Tuesday, March 19, at 6 p. m. —MATHER.
M E 30: Make-up test 2 to be held Wednesday, March 20, at 4 :16 p. m. in room 8 of the ME building. See Phelps, room 1, before 'Wednesday noon if time is not convenient. —PHELPS.
' Dance Club; All girls whose names were in last notice must report at gym Tuesday, March 19. at 4 p. m. for tryouts. —KNIGHT.
Gold Pepper Pledges: Meet in room 303 of the Union, Tuesday, March 19, at 4:30 p. m. ' -^CREPPS.
CAA Students: All students delinquent in navigation must take make up examination Tuesday, March 19, at 7 p. m. in ME building. Bring protractors, straight edge, and Chicago sectional map. Students missing this examination are subject to dismissal from program. —WICKERSHAM.
Gala Week: Meet in PIA office at 4:46 p. m. Thursday, March 21, for very short time. —ARCHIBALD.
TODAY - WIDNESDAY ORCHIDS.. JRiSH STYLE TO
PRISCiLLA bIAME ■THOMAS M.MITOHELL MU DENNIS uMmUH ALAN ..HALE
MARS TODAY -^ WEDNESDAY
ciiiiraiiE ^CMfFOiP &HKECfM9 Wirt IAN HUNTER PETER LORRE - PAUL LUKAS ' AlbeitD0kker .|.E«h»anlBn«rt»ij Eduanlo Clannelli
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS
MaHI
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
CYCLONE OF UUGHS! BrIskI I Bieeiyt WPE
— PLUS — BACK FROM THE GRAVE HE CAME
WAYNE MORRIS* ROSEMARY LANE •HUMPHREY BOGART • DENNIS MORGAN • John Lijol • Lya Lyt
LimA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
2 DELUXE FEATURES
PLUS-^ND FEATURE HORROR ! ! ! ! BLOOD PURGES THAT MAKE MODERN DICTATORS LOOK LIKE SISSIES ...
vr-;%
Tuesday. March 19. 1940^
THE PURDHE exponent
3 •
Elaborate Plans For ftiveter-Pirate Battle \ AnnoutKed By Reamer-Gimlet Committee Detailed plans for the exhibition game between the Boilermaker pill-sockers and the Pittsburgh Pirates, to be held out on Ross-Ade field on Friday afternoon, April 12, at 3 o’clock, have been announced by a committee of Reamers and Gimlets, the organizations which are co-sponsoring the event. The game follows a hard two-day session of baseball in which last year’s Big Ten champions from the University of Iowa invade the Boilei*niaker diamond for games on April 10 and 11. Last spring’s scheduled encounter
with the Pirates, at which time the field was to have been formally dedicated was cancelled on account of rain; this year’s spectacle, although not planned as a formal dedication of the field, will feature several colorful ceremonies which include an elaborate flag raising, and ceremonies surrounding the pitching of the first ball. “Spots” Emrick’s nationally known Purdue Band will also be featured. Complete details surrounding these and other planned events, are to be announced at a later date. Reserved Seats Many of the general public who have expressed a desire to obtain reserved seats for the game in advance, are to be accomodated, according to the committee, with a limited number of seats situated along the first base line, priced^at $1.00 apiece. The tickets can be ordered from C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, and several other ticket agencies will have them available
at a later date. These tickets Will »not b6 available at game time, sale 'stopping on Thursday, April 11, the day before the game. Other tickets are to be sold to the student body at 40 cents, and 75 cents apiece to the general public on a first come, first served basis. A large crowd of both Boilermaker baseball fans and the general public are expected to turn out for the National League - Collegiate baseball classic, and to accomodate the crowd, extra bleachers are being erected which will increase the capacity of the field to approximately 6,000. Representing the Reamers on the arrangements committee are Rolfe Jenkins, Len Haverkamp, Bob Conklin and Eric Johnson, working together wi{;h Gimlets Bill Berg, Henry Frazee, John Monk, Dick Stapleton, Jack Swander and Bud Taylor. Ticket sales are to be handled by Dick Stapleton. ^
^xpotumi SpO^ ficupi
Rolfe Jenkins, Sports Editor
Joe Dolan, Night Editor
psJdsu^ Ctwisji
By Robert J. Dcckerd Little did we realize over the last week-end that another athletic star from Purdue was bom till we had a glimpse of Sunday morning’s papers. . . . But, believe it or not, ’tis true. —^fc— Well do members of the footbal| gentry remember Dave Rankin, captain-elect of the 1940 Boilermaker football team, who cavorted up and down the gridirons of the mid-west in ’39, spreading havoc Wherever he laid a hand and’catching so many passes that Big Ten secondaries had more white hair than an Easter bunny. —^fc— Anyway, Dave, fast as jack rabbit with fioating power, received numerous all-American honors as an end, and was almost an unanimous choice as a flankman on Western Conference all-star teams. —^fc— Dave ran the hurdles in high school and, when he entered this school of erudition, did a bit of hurdling for Homer Allen’s freshman track squad, but, in the meantime, devoting most of his time to football, probably a first love to him. —^fc— In his sophomore year he was on the ball as a pigskinner and partially forgot track.... But this year he, after the football season had reached its completion, turned to the cinders again. —^fc— Then over last week’s end. Coach Herm Phillips, Riveter track mentor took him to the Butler Relays at Indianapolis to be entered in the hurdle races. . . . And there the sports citizenry of Indiana pricked up their ears, because Dave qualified for the finals in both the high and low-hurdle races. —^fc— “Who’s this football player who thinks he can run the hurdles?” the spectators asked themselves. “Why, a football player running hurdles! Bah!” —^fc— Well, Mr. Rankin politely showed the fans up. ... In the low-sticks race, tow-headed Dave ran second to Roy Cochran, Indiana’s sterling hurdle star. . . . And that’s no slop at the Butler Relays. . . . Then he
Experts To Discuss Technical Problems Of Pool Maintenance Technical and promotional problems will be the main point of consideration at the third annual con|erence on the operation and maintenance of swimming pools which will be held today in room 106 of the fieldhouse. The one-day conference is under the sponsorship of the schools of physical education and civil engineering, in co-operation with the bureau of sanitary engineering of the state board of health, and is under the direction of M. L. Clevett, recreatiom director. W. E. Howland, associate professor of sanitary engineering will act as chairman. The featured speakers will include Dr. T. B. Rice, Chief of Indiana Bureau of Health and Physical Education, Prof. R. B. ^ Wiley, Prof. H. G. DeKay, and Prof. Homer Allen. S Reports on the development of swimming in high schools and colleges will be outlined by J. E. Gilroy, of Gary, and Marion Russell, respectively. B. A. Poole, Chief Engineer of Bureau of Sanitary Engineering wilT conclude this morning’s program. This afternoon Dick Papenguth will describe the methods of conducting swimming campaigns, while publicity methods will be outlined by T. R. Johnson. Dr. P. R. Eastwood will take up the use of printed material aids.
turned right around and garnered fourth place in the high hurdles. —^fc— But -don’t forget that Dave wasn’t the whole team at the Butler cinder-burn.... There’s a little distance man on the Phillip-coached contingent that got some sportlight for himself, too: Ed Holderman. —^fc— Although he didn’t win any blue, red, or green ribbons, he did run with three of the greatest distance men in the nation, those being Greg Rice, Notre Dame; Walter Mehl, Wisconsin; and Joe McCluskey, New York. . . . The event was for a mile and a half for unattached runners. —^fc— Well, Ed picked up a fourth in this race, and we understand that he certainly impressed Relay fans. More power to you, Ed!
Cinder Stars See Action In Two Meets Saturday Nearing the close of the indoor track season^ the Boilermaker cinder squad will see action on two fronts this week-end- This final splurge on the indoor track calendar will mark the completion of a season that has been the most prosperous in recent years. Although they dropped their only dual meet, the Riveters were impressive in the two triangular meets, winning one and placing second in the other. \
Freshmen Tankers Take Honors In AAU \ Meet Last Weekend A trio of Boilermaker frosh swimmers accounted for two firsts and a second in the Indiana AAU championships at Indianapolis over the week-end, which promises future improvement of the rapidly developing varsity imder the direction of Coach Dick Papenguth. Free stylish Jack Carney broke the tape in the 100 yard free style; Joe Williamson took the blue ribbon in the 100 yard breast stroke, and Jim Shaw finished second in the 150 yard back stroke event. < This Girl Patty In the same meet Patty Aspinall, tutored by Coach Papenguth, captured the national junior 150 yard individual medley title, as well as the state 220 yard breast stroke and 50 yard free style crowns. Other teams which competed in the meet were as follows: Indiana University, Huntington “Y,” Rose Poly, Indianapolis A. C., Hoosier A. C., and several unattached swimmers. On To New Haven Concluding their competitive season, seven varsity tankmen will journey to New Haven, Conn., during spring vacation, leaving March 26, to compete in the national collegiates on the following Friday and Saturday. With the Big Ten competition drawn to a jclose, the Boilermakers find that for the first time in several years they aren’t trampled into last place, but as the result of stiff competition, are standing in ninth place, although ten varsjty records were clipped during the season. Traveling Squad Named The following swimmers have been named by Coach Papenguth to compete in the national intercollegiate meet on March 29-30: Capt. John Graham, distance free styles; Ted Andersen, 150 yard back stroke; Don Anderson, medley relay and back stroke; Egbert Tingley, medley relay; Frank Branner, medley and free style relays; Dick Kratzer, 100 and 200 ^ yard free styles and free style relay; Fred Herr, 100 yard free style and free style relay; and Dick Smith, free style relay.
Beat The Price Rise A TIP to (^ampJUA. (jJidJL StiudsmibL. Now is the time to buy your Debris. Only 2 more days are left ’till the price changes from $4.50 to $5.00.
CbubhiA,
QompisdsL CojnpuA. (^mUuxq/L
mo
Accepting an invitation to compete against Thistq Maki, Finnish distance star, the Boilermakers' aee miler, Ed Holderman, will run in a special two mile race at Ann Arbor, Michigan, on Saturday night. The flying Finn, called by many the successor to Paavo Nurmi, has been barnstorming the country for Finish relief fimds, and at the same time the track records have been clipped regularly by his performances. At the outset of the Finnish war Maki was in the thick of the fight, but seeing that he could aid his country more by turning to the cinder track, he sailed for American soil. Two Mile Champs Run To complete the all-star field, Michigan’s Schwart^off, and McQuinn of Michigan State, have accepted invitations ’to inn. Schwartzkoff outclassed a strong field in the two mile event at the recent Big Ten indoor meet at Chicago. This special race will be the featured event of an AAU meet held at the home of the Wolverines. While Holderman is competing against the flying Finn, the Boilermaker mile relay team will renew its rivalry with Ohio State ’ in a Watch race at the Chicago Relays. In cross country and during the indoor track season, the Riveters and Buckeyes have been locking horns desperately. The two teams tied for fourth place in the Big Ten cross country meet, while in the conference indoor track meet, the mile relay teams again finished in a deadlock. Last Saturday night at the Butler Relays, the Riveter team outstepped the Buckeyes by one foot to win fourth place. Therefore, the Chicago Relays will be the scene of the final settlement. Rankin Takes Second Dave Rankin, Boilermaiker grid captain-elect, is beginning to bloom as the ace burner of Coach Phillips’ squad. At the Butler Relays he placed second in a photo-finish of the 60 yard low hurdles, and fourth in the high hurdles. Although Dave had previously swept intramural tiack events, this is his first year on the varsity track squad.
Leading
. . . the Pittsburgh Pirates is Frankie Frisch, stepping into Pie Traynor’s shoes this year and leading the Smoky City nine in their exhibition game on Ross-Ade field.
a
Wm Meiris Agency Presents HENRY BUSSE AND HIS ORCHESTRA The Amevtcan LeRion Auxiliary April 5th Dancins 9 to 1 Lafayette Armory 9th tr Unfcm Tickets May Be Purchased at DEA.CS West Dosk of Unioft%
‘SI
h’V,
PURDUE EXPONENT
' Tuesday# Match T9# 1940
Jhmlt^ JalL
Deferred Rush
... for fraternities, although it will probably never become a necessity on the campus, would be a favorable change for the University’s fraternities to adopt. According to the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, the demand from fraternities at present is not sufficient to warrant wholesale adoption of the plan, however, some houses are using it to great advant9,ge. President Elliott, in his recent talks to fraternity groups, has expressed the belief that deferred rush, while being a favorable move on the part of the fraternities, will never be forced upon them by the University administration. Deferred rush would mean an intensive rush period sometime at the beginning of the second semester, probably the third week of the semester, thus giving the registrar sufficient time to calculate freshmen indexes and still long enough ahead of “Fraternity Week” to allow the freshmen time to get acquainted with the group with whom they intend to live. Thus the organizations will have time to make more than the usual “snap judgment” on the rushee. This additional time coupled with information on the rushee’s first semester grades shoud provide a much more profitable basis upon which to judge him. Chief objections from the fraternity standpoint are the problems of getting the sophomore initiates to do their share of house labor, and
Purdue Exponent
n. B. luaky . W. B. Smith
ItiWtT lifc Chltf BuiiihM UaiUMrtr
"D. G. Tetrio, editorial dinctor; O. W. arinr editor; E. M. Antonini, eenior adrertirinx mamaser; G. SehiUliw, co-ed editor; B. JenUno, aporte odtoi'.
Phones: Ediporiel 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Bntered as eeeoad riam aMttor ft the moI oAoo in Lnihyotto# Indiana, nndar tho aet od Oonsrao ad itansh S. tStS. and at the aoe<^ Mto ot soatiw Mprldai tme la aection IIM, aet of Oetober I. 1S17. anOottauMl immamn Wk !»». Pnblialiad daflr axonot Mondar dmte* dm n««lar aeademie rear and wcdclr darins tim Saaonor Seaalon. DeUrered ktcallr hr oarrier fwe »eir rear, aaUi adhaeriptlon $S.M. ' R^resented for national adrertiainsr br National AdTerttaine Serriee, Inc.. CoUeeo PnbliBhera BepreaeatatiTea. 4S0 Madison Ave., New Toric, N. T. Ail nnaisned aditoriala are written br the editorial dl-
Nisht Editor. McKee Ass’t. Night Editor, Rnffner l)ar Editor, Simpson Tuesday, March 19, 1940.
71mA
The WAA council for the coming year will be chosen by the old council Wednesday at 9. Only girls who have filled out applications will be considered.
Professors Lull, Sears \ Will Debate Semester Exams Tomorrow
SAE Debate Team Will Meet Michigan
—^waa— The all-star basketball game will be played Wednesday at 4. The members of the teams will be announced later. >
-waa-
the fact that the initiated man will only have the advantages of three years of fraternity life instead of the usual four. The sophomore labor problems seems to have been solved fairly satisfactorily by the fraternities now using deferred rush. They have instituted a system of blackmarks with a fine attached when the sophomore rolls up a total of five. As for the foreshortened life in the organization, nothing can be done to remedy it, but from the standpoint of the fraternity as a whole, it may be considered as offset by the fact that the chapter may have classes which are four-thirds the size of the present one. This amounts to spreading the advantages of fraternity out over a larger number of men each year. —R. E. I. -
A list of the girls who are eligible to vote in WAA elections is posted on the bulletin board in the women’s gym. There are also lists of girls who have paid their dues but do not have enough points to vote and those who have enough points but have not paid their dues. Dues may be paid Tuesday at 4 in the WAA office or Wednesday during voting time at the Union. Girls should bring their passports in order to vote.
Tomorrow night University staff members will have the opportunity to hear a debate between Professor L. M. Sears, of the history, government, and economics department, and Professor P. E. Lull of the speecff department, in the home economics cafeteria. Su^iject for the deiiafe is “Should semester exams be retained at Purdue University?” Preceding the debate there will be a 6 o’clock dinner. For reservations staff members should call 2941 not later than 4 o’clock this afternoon.
Arrangements have been, completed by the Indiana Section of the Society of Automotive Engineers for a debate team chosen front University SAE members to weejb a team from the University Michigan at Hotel ^ Antlers in Indianapolis, May 9. Selection of the University team will be'by elimination trials to be held April 11. Elimination talks will be five' minhtes each.
Midland Coffei^e faculty menibers travelled an average of ali^ost two thousand miles on leqtup apd convention trips during tffe last school semester.
The final round of the annual WAA fencing tournament will be held Wednesday at 4. Girls participating in the tournament are Patsy McFarland, Olive Metzger, Mary Louise Laswell, Shirley Emhoff, and Eoberta Bueckele.
Alpha Tau Omega
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Russell Lipes, Jr., Indianapolis.
W6AA Condenses School Highlights This Afternoon
Outstanding events of the piesent school yeai will lie recreated in a special fifteen minute bioadcast over WBAA at 12 15 today. Starting with registiation in September and ending with the present time, events such as Soroiity Rush, unveiling of Union Statues, name dance bands, important dances, football and basketball games and other topics of interest will be reviewed briefly Two dances will be heaid as they happened diiectly from transcriptions made at the scene. Bands to be featured will be Vincent Lopez, and Tommy Dorsey.
Proved in Every Class Room at Purdue
In every classroom you will find students wearing Crown Cleaned Clothes. Maybe you wonder what this means to you. Clothes, Crown Cleaned are moth proofed by Monite Process which protects garments against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE
©ciQwa LfiooBaY
jni WE. C L E AN E R s OF FIN E CLOTHES
Eighth Annual Grain School Opens Here;
The eighth annual giain grading school opened here yesterday and will continue through today. The school, first of a series of four, is held in co-operation with the Indiana Grain Dealers Association and the Federal Grain Supervision. Nearly 30 gram and elevator men from the north-central part of the state, were in attendance, according to Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agronomy department, who is in charge of the school. Prof. Robbins expects many moie for today’s session. Following a morning of registration and inspection of grading equipment, O P. Wise, Federal Grain Inspector of Chicago, gave a demonstration of the commercial grading of wheat and oats
Bartlett To Speak At Radio Meeting Tonight
Tonight at 7.30 in the Union Music Room, Tommy Bartlett, senior announcer at WBBM-CBS ^ Chicago, will address the Purdue Radio Guild on the subject “Behind the Scenes of Network Broadcasting.” Bartlett, who is heaid daily on WBBM, will motor to the campus tonight especially for the meeting. Having spent nine years in the broadcasting industry and six years with WBBM, Bartlett is well known in this locality. The meeting tonight is open to the student body and will feature the making of a recording which will be broadcast later on WBAA. Taking part in the recorded discussion of “What Radio Means To Me,” will be a professor, a housewife, two students, and a grocery store clerk.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC' Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Cfinjc DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHEli A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 yme W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Mam St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Tailor
• Dine
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 1 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Jewelers R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
umbination o/ifs^md
\
The Hill Sisters Queens of Basketball
Marjorie, Isabel, Ruth, Betty and Helene of W. Hempstead, L. I., coached by their father, have won 80 out of 84 games... a oombination that you can’t match anywhere.
Copyright 1940,
Ligcbtt & Mybrs
Tobacco Co.
Chesterfiel
The RiUHT CPMPINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos
DEFINITELY MILDER COOLER-SMOKING BETTER-TASTING ^Vou can look the country over and you won’t find another cigarette that rates as high as Chesterfield for the things that smokers really want. Chesterfield’s right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos is way out in front for mildness, for coolness, and for better taste.
Mr
if