-V,, ' y
.,, ' ' '',, ‘ K ■ ^r ■"'? »■,-. ”»■'•''
:' .-i
Applicants For CAA Required To Report To Health Service Necessary For Minors To Have Parents' O. K. The following men who have made application for the fall course of the preliminary civilian pilot training must report to the Student Health Service at the time indicated below. The health service is located on the ground floor of the executive building. Dr.'3'. S. Miller and his staff will majce the necessary medical examination. Those whose names do not appear in this list are requested to watch the Exponent foif the list which will be published in the Wednesday issue and in subsequent issues. All students under the age of 21 are urged by CAA officials to secure consent from their parent or guardian without delay. Tuesday, 7:30-8:30: Abshier, G. S.; Aull, L. E.; Bergstrom, W. B.; Bernwanger, D. J.; Betounes, S. G.; Brummett, J. D.; Bray, J. O.; Carr, P. J.; Carter, J. W. Christen, E. W.; Clements, L. E.; Conger, D. L.; Cooper, J. A.; Creek, R.; Cunningham, C. L. Tuesday, 8:3b-9:30: Dettling, K. E.; Kline, M. A.; Diggins, E. E.; Disher, E. J.; Gilbert, J. E.; Goerss, A, C.; Gutterman, H. M.; Hartman, P. S.; Herbster, C. L.; Hudson,'J. W.; Irvine, E. E.; Johnson, R. S.; Kelsey, P. B.; Kessler, C. E.; Kirkpatrick, C. R. Tuesday, 9:30-10:30: Knapp, W. A,; Lemon, John N.; MacMillan, D. W.; McArthur, L. R.; McKee, C. R.; Montgomery, H. A,; Papanoli, M. E.; Parsons, J. P.; Richardson, P. C.; Rieger, P. C.; Sawyer, R. E.; Schuerman, R. L.; Smaller, H.; Sutherlin, H. T.; Teel, L. L.—^im Big Mystery Solved! Learn About Slide Rule Slide-rule instruction will be given every Thursday and Monday afternoons beginning this Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. The schedule is as follows: September 19 or 23, simple multiplication and division; September 26 or 30, combined multiplication and division; October 3 or 7, squares, cubes, square roots, cube roots; October 10 or 14, trigonometric scales and logarithms; October 17 or 21, raising numbers to fractional powers.—^jr Camera Club Meets For Introductory Program An introductory meeting of the camera club will be held tonight at 8:30 in the south ballroom of the Union for any one interested in photography. The purposes and functions of the club will be explained, and the darkrooms will be opened for inspection. Carl Tafal, Union vice-president, will explain some of the objectives of the club, and George Towle, program chairman, will announce this year’s tentative program. Some prints from last year’s exhibits will be shown. Membership cards for the forthcoming year will be available, and everyone interested in photography is invited to get one, according to club officers.—^jr Kohnke Author Of Bulletin On Lysimeters, BIbligraphy Dr. Helmut Kohnke, assistant soil technologist for the soil conservation service, stationed at the University, is a joint-author of a technical United States Department of Agriculture publication recently released. The booklet is entitled “A Survey find Discussion of Lysimeters and a Bibliography on Their Construction and Performance.” Thirty-six of the 68 pages in the bulletin are devoted to the bibliography, which is considered the t^most comprehensive on the subject in existenee.—jap Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . Boeial fraternity, announces the piedglig 6t 3. B. Galloway, ef Bichmend, Indiana.—rlh
Z-lflS
Exponent
Voluxne 52, No. 7
Tuesday, September 17, 1940
Organized V/omen To Discuss Rush All organized women will meet on Wednesday, September 18, at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall to become acquainted with the cuirent rush rules. Dean, Stratton will speak on rush activities. Pan - Hellenic Council members will explain the rush rules of the coming rush period which starts Wednesday,, October 9.—aw 350 Women Attend YWCA Opening Tea In Union Sunday Approximately 360 cb-eds attended the YWCA opening tea, which was held Sunday in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The tea was to introduce freshmen co-eds to YW CA activities. The purpose of the organization is to promote a richer spiritual, social, and intellectual life for its members. The next YWCA fune'tion will be a candlelight ceremony for new members early next week. New members will designate which committees they might be interested in working on during the year. The committees are: program, publicity, office, social, membership, social service, and finance. Memberships One Dollar Alice Keltner is the chairman of the membership committee. A new system is being introduced this year, under which each member must have attended at least two of the YWCA meetings during the year in order to be eligible to vote in the spring elections. Memberships, selling at one dollar each, may be obtained at the residence halls, sorority houses, independent houses, and the YWCA office in the Union, or by calling Alice Keltner.—^rw WAA Invites All Fresh
Book Exchange Band starts DrUi Five Hundred Students
rr
Co-eds To "Sider Sip
All freshman co-eds and counselors are invited to attend the WAA “Sports Sider Sip” at 4:30 this afternoon in the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium. At this time facultyathletic activities and WAA officials members connected with women’s will be introduced. In addition to a discussion led by the sports heads of the various sports offered this year the new point system to be inaugurated this year will be explained. A new activity in the form of office work to be done on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, will be introduced and the names taken of those interested. Following the introductions and discussions Orchesis, the modem dance group, will entertain with a jar number called Sysopeps. Serving of refreshments -will close the affair. Captain Jane . . . prize Holstein-Friesian cow, kept in the University dairy bam, is reported by the Holstein-Fries-ian association of America to have lactated 14,131 pounds of milk containing 637.2 pounds of butterfat during a period of 332 days. She Was milked twice a day under the supervision of the Holstein-rFriesian association in cooperation, with the University school of agriculture.— rhvd Alpha Phi Omega . . . national scouting honorary fraternity, will hold itiS first open meeting of the year tonight at 7:80 I p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Prof. G. A. Young, he^d of the mechanical engineering school, will be the guest speaker A1 Yates, president, hns announced that membership in the fraternity is open to former scouts, as weU as to scouts who are registered at present.—ab
Closes Today; Has $1,200 Refund Sell 90% Of Textbooks Offered By Students Twelve hundred dollars in msh awaits University students at the Student Book Exchange, according to Bob Hoffer, director. The exchange -will be open from l6 o’clock this morning until 6 this afternoon in the reception room of the Union for the sale of the few remaining books and to refund the money due holders of book exchange slips. While the number of books sold at this exchange was slightly smaller than one pre-vious time because of the large number of textbooks changed by University authorities, it was the most successful in history of the exchange from the standpoint of percentage of books sold. 90% of Books Sold Over 90 per cent of the 2243 books received were sold, despite the fact that 120 books had to be returned unsold because of changes in textbooks made too late to be included in the lists distributed by the University. Over 96 per cent of the books brought in that are to be used ^his semester were sold. A trend toward fairer book prices is noted by Student Union officers in the fact that the average price per book sold declined 8 cents from the last exchange. Altogether $3,666 worth of bodks have been sold so far. It is imperative, according to Hoffer, that students call for their money today before the closing of the exchange makes, return difficult. —^jha Christian Foundation Will Organize Frosh Freshman Association of the Purdue Christian Foundation -will hold an organization meeting in the Memorial Union on Tuesday, September 17, at 4:16 p, m. The Christian Foundation is sponsoring this new freshman organization in an. effort to aid those interested in planning activities in connection with the Foundation during their first year at the University. The work of the Freshman Association will be correlated with that of the Foundation, and the members will be organized for work in< Cliristion Foundation through all four years here in college. All freshmen interested in this type of activity are urged to attend this organization meeting, accordzing to Foundation officials.—ah Forestry Head Will Speak At Club's First Meeting All Forestry Club members are urged to attend the semester’s first meeting of the club to be held at 7:30 p. m. this evening in the auditorium of the Horticulture building. Dr. Mertell, recently appointed heaA of the Forestry Department, will be the princ^al speaker.' Also owing to the accumulation of new and old business, it will be necessary that all members be present to make plans for the current year’s program. Refreshments will also be served. —xyz Women's Residence Halls Exhibit Modern Prints To introduce residents of the women’s residence halls to a group of pictures available for their use, an art exhibit was held in the South Hall recreation room last night. Preceding the exhibit desert was sei^ved. . A total of 34 prints by modem masters were on display. Each girl desiring a picture signs for her choice, and if several sigh for the same picture, a drawing will be held. The rental fee for these pictures is 11 cents each.—^jg
To Perfect Fall Formations Inspired by typical gridiron weather, the University band began its outdoor marching practice last night in Ross-Ade Stadium. Singularly missed was the band’s popular drill Sergeant (Shorty) Purchla. However, new and old jnerabers were quick to execute the new formations, and at the end of the practice session the sequence of events was worked out in fairly accurate style, band officials said. The familiar P-U-R-D-U-E formation vdll be exhibited at all home games by the band as it plays “Hail Purdue,” the letters being carried to the sidelines during the second chorus.—^jah University Extension Departments Sponsor Planning Conference Recognizing the need for the extension of knowledge about county planning, .the University engineering extenUon department and the department ^of agricultural extension, in cooperation with the State Planning Board, have scheduled a conference on county planning problems to be held in Indianapolis on September 19. According to Prof. G. E. Lommel, chairman of the State Planning Board, this conference is intended to help citizens of the state to appreciate better the work being done by the Land Use Planning Committees and in the Soil Conservation Districts, and to bring about better cooperation between these agencies and the town and city planning boards.—^rlw Pharmacy School Will Picnic Today Students in the school of pharmacy will be guests of the staff at a picnic this afternoon at Murdock Paik. This annual meeting is intended to assist the students in getting acquainted with each other and the ihembers, of the staff. Games and sports will be followed by a weiner roast. , All students will leave for the picnic immediately after their last class. Transportation will be provided for those vdthout cars; tjiose with automobiles are asked to re- S port to the pharmacy building before leaving for the park.—jah
I
Greek Golfers Battle / Thursday, Friday The Inter-fraternity Golf Tournament will be held on Thursday and Friday, Sept. 19 and 20, at the Public Golf Course. Matches will be over eighteen holes, but nine holes may be played on Thursday and the remaining nine on Friday.' Teams will be matched for the first round, and each fraternity will compete three men. All score sheets must be signed by opponents and turned into the manager at the golf course immediately after play. The eight teams with the lowest team score for the three men will go to the finals, which vnll be played as straight elimination. A trophy goes to the winning fraternity, with medals to the members of the winning team. All entries are due in the Intramural Office not later than noon Tuesday, Sept. 17.—a Prof. IV. E. Howland ... of the school of civil engineering, has just returned from South Bend and Bluffton w)ie^e he was a speaker on the program in connection with the district water works* schools being sponsored by the Indiana branch of the American Water Works Association in cooperation with the State Board ot Bealth and the Univendty—-tbn
Attend Cary Hall Mass Meeting At Fowler Hall Five hundred Cary Hall men were intrdduced to this year’s club officers at a mass meeting in Fowler Hall last night. Club president, Bert Bohlin, introduced the vice-presidents from the various halls. Bohlin explained the organization of the club to the freshmen and told them about the Hall’s music room, grill, orchestra, and glee club. R. G. Ahlvin, club treasurer, outlined the social benefits obtained from the dues.^ L. D. Richardson, political chairman, explained the club’s affiliation with the Progressive party. E. C. Aldrich, editor of the club’s weekly, the Clarion, issued a call for workers. A “6.5” student, Francis Reese, gave several hints on studying. He mentioned as essentials, a quiet atmosphere, a work schedule, consultations with Hall counselors, attendance at. classes, and an interest in your
work.
Dr Hadley Speaks Dr. Hadley of the mathematics department gave a short talk on character. He said that his job in the Halls was to keep the boys out of trouble but that that didn't mean you could “come in drunk nights and hide in his rooih.” After reading several maxims. Dr. Hadley gave his qwn definition of good character. “Character is controlled and restrained spiritual force,” he said, explaining that it was this result of “careful attention to a great multitude of little things.”—vd Reamers Will Compile Chronicle Of Mascot Following the first appearance of the University Mascot, the “Boilermaker Special,” at a football game, the Butler game in Ross-Ade stadium on September 26, a complete history of the Mascot will be prepared by the past and present secretaries of the Reamer club and filed in the University vault, it was learned yesterday. A brief history of the Mascot appeared in Sunday’s Exponent, written by Lawrence Archibald, last year’s secretary, and not by Warren Archibald, as was erroneously reported. The latter, who is secretary of the Reamer club for the present year, is responsible for bringing and keeping the history up to date in his tenure of office.—^la local Churches Sponsor Student Social Meetings Local churches and their student organizations entertained several hundred University students at social meetings last Friday night in their respective churches. Entertainments were sponsored by the Ne^ivman Club of the Roman Catholic Church, the Christian Church, the Roger Williams Club of the Baptist Church, the Wesley Foundation of the Methodist Church and the Westminster Foundation of the Presbyterian Churcb.—^jha William Medesy . . . For ’31, has been appointed to the faculty of the. College of Agriculture at the University of New Hampshire, it was announced yesterday. He received his ?^ster’s degree from Yale in 1933, and since that time has been employed in timber management work in Virginia, Kentucky and New Hampsl^. Mrs. Medesy is the former Geraldine Tudor, HE '33.—xyz E.G.Wetzed . . . CE *31, has been awarded a Sloan fellowsffip in traffic engineering at Yale University for the coming school year. Wetzel has been employed as a traffic engineer for a number of years by the Indiana state highway department.—-tbou
George Oben Herd For Regular Union Mixer Friday Night $1 Price Will Prevaif; To Use SoHi Banraomt George Olsen, and his “music of tomorrow,” will be here for the Titular Union mixer this Friday night in both ballrooms of the Union firom 9 until 12 o’clock. The usual one dollar price will prevail. Olsen and his band have performed in such productions as “SM Boots,” “Whoopee,” “Happy Days,” “Follow 'Thru,” “Good News,” Ziegfeld Follies and “Sunny.” Coast To Coast He has also played in many hotels, night clubs and theatres throughout the country, including the Waldorf and Pennsylvania hotels in New York, the Sherman, the
George Olsen
Edgewater Beach and the Drake hotels in/^Chicago, the Ambassador in Los Angeles, Gibson in Cinciiinati, St. Francis in San Francisco, the Roosevelt in New Orleans, the Peabody in Memphis, and the Rice in Houston. Olsen and his father, while Olsen was in his boyhood, couldn’t agree whether he should play the piano, the violin or the drams. Olsen, consequently, can now play all tluree. Olsen graduated from the University of Michigan, and following his graduation organized an eight piece campus band in his home town of Portland, Oregon.—jap "Scrivener^ Staffs Meet Tomorrow Tomorrow at 4:15 p. m. the business and editorial staffs of the Scrivener, campus literary maga-zine-ydU meet in the Scrivener ofthe Union to discuss plans for a subscription drive and freshman call out. Staffs were reorgan-/ ized at a meeting last Sunday, but the new plans will not go into effect until next September.—ac 'Debris' Sophs Will Meet Tomorrow In Room 328 First meeting of Debris sophomore workers -will be held tomorrow . afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 328 of the Union. R. N. Brown, editor-in-chief of Debris, will at this time outline the work of the sophomores, introduce the. junior and senior members of the staff, outiine the dummy and give general instructions to the sophomores.—ewm
Notice to Students: Students possessing cars which they intend to drive during the school year, and who have not complied with the University regulations regarding registration of cars, are required to do ho before Monday, September 23, on which date the p<maltie8 for non-registration win become effective. Cars may be registered at the Physical Plant office. Service and Stores Building, 8 a. m. to 12 noon and 1 p. m. to 4:30 p. m. week days, mccept Saturdays. It m necessary to present an inspection card showing that the car has been teste4^ and approved by the Bidiana Slate PoBee, Lafayette or West Lafayette city police, before a car may be reg* istered. The Indiana State FoBee will test stndmtt cars, free of charge^ only after 4:00 p. aa. diffiy at Post No. 0. one and wke-balf miles nwthwesi of the G»m$m on State Bond S8. Sdward G. KffiiBtl, PrOaMeat.nmm
/y
PURDUE EXPbNENT
Tuesday', September 17. 1940
Jimabi Jatk
The Real Issue
Now that the conscription bill has been passed, one 6t the chief issues of the political campaign has been taken away from Challenger Willlde and Champ Roosevelt. It never was a real issue anyway, since both men believed in the principle of conscription, but quibbled over the administration of the action. On the question of sociil legislation both seem to agree. Of course there’s.the little matter of relief administration and the many FWA and WPA projects, but here again it’s just a matter of viewi)oint with both candidates and their parties, a case of one party being in power and the other being out of power. Wallace continues to broadcast Hitler^s views on the coming election, while McNary is trying to woo both the farmers and the proponents of federal control of public utilities. But on the vital question that affects every living person in these United States not one word has been said. Why do these men continue to avoid the issue? The people don’t care what Hitler thinks about Roosevelt; they don’t care what Franklin and Eleanor think about waah. They aren’t interested in whether Willkie combs his hair or not, or whether he was a success|uKbusiness man or not, and they don’t give a dam, or a spillway either, what McNary thinks about the TVA or the price of pecans on his ranch. The only thing that the people are interested in, and it looks like the real issue of the campaign to us is “WHEN IS THANKSGIVING DAY?”
Editor’s Note: We would like to remind those who have reached the age of 21 and have not registered to vote as yet that the final date of registration for residents of Indiana is October 7.
Bold and Black
Freshman co-eds are coming into their own. For a while it seemed to ye ed that perhaps this year so many wonld not be smitten as in years of yore. Eumiors have been coming our way however and the same deplorable situation exists again.
-B&B-
—B & B—
SAE B[ .L. Freyn has gone off the deep end about Betty Ann McCreary, ’44. As usual with “H” she is a blonde , although not so small as usual.
John Loomis of the PiKa ttibe was seen over town the other night with something extra smooth in blondes. We don’t know for sure who it Was because he was loath to introduce us but our shrewd guess was that she was a freshman.
—B & B—
—B & B—
KDR senior Jim Storms has taken, quite a fancy to Kay Heitman, ’44. In fact he can be seen most any day walking around with that dreamy look so familiar to thosq who have before witnessed the symptoms.
B &B—
Another SAE junior. Jack Ely in quite a lather over Marge Briscoe, ’44, a Lafayette girl. How odd he hasn’t seen her before. It
ROOM FOR BOYS
5 double rooms — single village.
Phone 45301
m
You can tell by that starry eyed look.
TODAY-WEDNESDAY—
— AND.
— ALSO — 'Terry and the Pirates," Serial
HOME AND BACK BY Railway Express!
Direct as a “touchdown pass’’ is the campus-to-home laundry service offered by RAILWAY EXPRESS. We call for your laundry, take it home... and then bring it back to you at your college address. It’s as quick and convenient as that! You may send your laundry prepaid or collect, as you prefer. Low rates include calling for and delivering in all cities and principal towns. Use RAILWAY EXPRESS, too,for swift shipment of all packages and luggage. Just phone
Lafayette, Ind.
XPRESS
NATION-WIDS BAIL-AIR SERVICE l
WBAA The Voice of Purdue'
TUESDAY
11:00—^The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz 12:16—Sportsman Comer 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Just Relax 1:30—Afternoon Melodies 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Musical Review 2:16—Magic Carpet 2:30—^Parent Forum 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—^Radio Class 3:30—Organ Moods—Glenn Paxton 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—^Exponent of the Air 4:46—Story Book Hour
intramural Tennis
seems everyone else in the school has. —B & B— Erma Berry did not come back to school this year. Joe Raniak, her erstwhile Beta pin man is now dating Theta Peggy Davis. ’Nuff said but it’s a dirty trick.
I-O TITLE SERIES ON AGAIN TOMORROW
mm
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
JACK BENNY DOROTHY LAMOUR "ROCHESTER'*
MAN ABOUT TOWN
PLUS
WINGS OF THE NAVY — WITH — GEORGE BRENT OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
The gfh Colmmi
By the time this thing gets to the presses President Roosevelt Will probably have signed the military training conscription bill. We’re in favor of that conscription business. For other people.
Personally We’re allergic \ to walking, army cots, beans, and drill sergeants. And we figure our seiwices are worth much more than 21 dollars a month. But worst of all. Khaki isn’t oUr color. . DC * « The congressmen aren’t so dumb, though. They scratched the provision giving everyone 60 days^in which to volunteer before staring the draft. That wpuld just be 60 days in which to grow long white beards and scramble for key positions in industry. Or take to the hills.
The first All-Campus and Class tennis rounds will be played Thursday, Sept. 19. All matches must start promptly at 4 p. m. Players ftiay sign up for these tournaments at the check out room in the Fieldhouse. Key—^WSGA President Appoints .. According to an annoimcement by Paula Zwierlein, WSGA president, Louise Stiers has been appointed office committee chairman of WS GA to replace Mariejean Hutchinson who did not return to school this fall. Louise is to have charge of all the office work and mailing.
From the war in England we hear of a time bomb being dug out from the vicinity of St. Paul’s Cathedral. According to the story it , was covered with little knobs and things which, the story said, made it dangerous to touch. And they dropped it three times. * * * The darn thing blew a hundred foot hole in the
The Purdue Exponent
Katwred «• acMHid elasa matter at tke poM offiw ia Lafayette, Indiaaa, under the aet>f CodRnai of Mareli t.
1879, and at the special rate bf iKMWe proved for in
, abi of October 8, 1917, auilioriced Janturr 20,
aioiiott' 1108, i 1922. Pnbluhed daibr-exoept Mtonday dwdns the nsnlar academic year and weekly durint: the Stnnmer Scesbn. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 -per year, miUl snb-
scrlption 88.60.
Edlwr-Ut-ckief..
Bnarincaa Manacer-
-JB. W. Denahne
— Merle Hatemeyer
News Bditor..
Publication Staff
.J. H. McKee
Manaffinff Bditor D. K. Beiple Associate Bditors: W. B. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallenip, J. L. lYauxott.
Business Staff Local Advertlsine Managers: D. S. Powers, G. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. B. Dan'gelinajer; Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Bectenwald.
Co-ed Staff Bditor 3eth Simpson Associate Bditors: Mary Kay MlUer, Both Bose, Donna Siess,
Bditor .
Sports Staff
Jf. P. Dolan
Associate E:ditor8: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Jobaaon, B. O.
Swaim. '
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; '^Sports 2792
Bepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Bepreeentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Tuesday, September 17, 1940.
swamp when it did go off, which just goes to show that it was loaded.—dkh
3-2 triumph over the Citizens. Although Mimcie pounded Bob Bailey for 13 hits, it was unable to hunch its blows, while Tom Warner allowed seven to the Red Sox, along with six walks, a balk and two wild pitches.
IM schedule
Tuesday, September 17
Softball Diamond
9 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 9 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 11 Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 12 Cary Hall B vs. Cary Hall 13 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 14 Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 16 Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 16
Since the beginning of the European war, the public library reports a record increase in books lent with a trend toward reading of biographies and technical subjects.
Flying Club: Meeting at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday in room 803 of the Union building. All students interested in' aviation are invited to attend. —GBEVE. '
EXPONENT WORKERS All underclass male students interested in writing sport articles as members of the Exponent sports staff are requested to report to the Exponent sports office in the Fieldhonse, Wednesday afternoon at 4:08. Bring schedule cards.
MUNCIE, Ind., Sept. 16.—(Special)— The Indiana-Ohio Baseball League’s playoff series between the Muncie Citizens and the Lafayette Red Sox is to be resumed tomorrow night at Lafayette, with another game scheduled there Thursday. Lafayette grabbed the series opener here yesterday by scoring a
He's irresponsible! She's irresistible! The fun is naturally Irrepressible!
wilh ALAN MARSHAL EUGENE PALIETTE UNA O’CONNOR
V r improve
The LEE TEL •5.00 ■
Will not onlymprove your Hat-i-tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the same old hat. The mirror tells the story.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW yORK, N. Y.
tDiRCa. U. a. PATENT OFFICE
umneitt — LAST TWO DAYS — Together!
Prices This Attraction Only MATINEE Main Floor 40e 4e Tax = 44e Balcony 31c >f-4c Tax = 35c NIGHTS D ALL DAY SUNDAY Main Floor 54c -j- 6e Tax = 60e Balcony 40e 4e Tax = 44c Children—15c any time
SanitDHe Cleaning Restores Original Finishing-Oils to the Fabric.
keeps sport clothes spotless
Befot^you step out for sports or parties send your clothes to us for Sanitone cleaning. Our Satiitone service is ideal for removing the Summer soils that accumulate so quickly and our perfect finishing makes every garment look its best. Call us today.
New!
Phone
»American Laimdry
■ii
■MHiMattMftd^, S#ptdttlb«r Vtt 1940
pmt»m nxpomnt
£? ' t f
Notices
M* MticM nc«iT«i aftMT • p, m. WiStiA ExMnilV* tkiiUrdi Ke^ar iheetinK " Setftenibe* i$, 4t YsSO p. to.
Gk>ris, R. Ralston and I<eM. ' —ARVmSON.
All M«i StndeiiM: Men stndento interestod in tide practice please meet Wednes* day. Be^tonibd? Ig, in toom 104 in the Fldldhouse. —SCOTT.
rSGA office.
-SSWliSaLElN.
ttiiibn ibaMMnK Fenhaitent Assipnmenis: All orofanizationS Wishing tieiteanent tooms in the Uhisn building Win submit written petitions to ihe Sthdent Unioh Board before Thursday, Sebtomber 19. Please state size of the organization and the reasons tor wishing a permanent room. —CLARK. Country Life Association Committee: Meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 4 p. m., room 118, Agriculture Hall, The following members are requested to be present: Mary Cane, Gertrude Mbnhart, Josinah Allen, F.
_ Purdue ll^celmen: Meeting Tuesday, Septomber if, at 7:S0 p. zh. mom SOS of Union. All cyclists welcome. „ ^ —VANtofeRBlLT. All Men Students: Men students Interested in arohefy pleaSe meet in rooto 104 in the Fleldhouse Tuesday, September 17, at 8 p. m. —SCOTT. All Men: All men interested in Weightlifting please meet in room 104 Fieldhouse Thursday, September 19, at 3 p. m. —SCOTT.
Agrienltore Edncatioil Society:.. IdpOlrtant orgahibitlon meeting, Tuesday^ Smt. 17, at 7:00 §. m. in rboto 304 bf the Union. All in Agriculture Education option are urged to be present. —CROOKS. Military Stodents: Any men students may sign up beginning Tuesda]^, September 17, in the supply room of the armory for pistol firing. First group starts September 24. —WASSMAK. Student Senate: First meetlng^of Student Senate Tuesday, September 17, at 7 :S0 p. m. in the Senate office. —LAYSOM, Silver Masfc: Meeting Thursday, Sept. 19, at 7:16 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. All members please be present 9-19 —PITCHER.
ber 21st or the locks will be cut and the contents reuMved. —OBFHAinr. Exponent Coh-ed Sopbomotca: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on days assigned. —SIMPSON.
Christian Science Organization: ffrst regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 17, at 7:80 p. m. in room 288 of the Union. —MACK.
Freshman Engineers: Seating assignments in Fowler Hall for students assigned to engineering lectures will be posted by Wednesday afternoon in Michael Golden Shops. 9-18 —KNAPP.
PUrdne Religions Council: First meeting of the year will be in room 68 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, September 18. All members be present. —MANGUS. '
Camera Club: All members who have material in lockers in the darkrooms should leave their name and position of thS locker that they ate using on the form in the darkroom book at the West desk. This should be done before Satuiday, Septem-
Agriculturist Business Staff: Meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 4 p. m. in the' Agriculturist office, important 1 —BLOSSER.
Sophomore Track Men: Report to RossAde Stadium Tuesday afternoon, September 17. —PHILLIPS.
in one easy lesson
.:.slip into a
1
by HART SCHAFFNER & MARX
... and you’ll be ready for anything! Shaglands—like the one at left—will be'spotted in every campus “Coke ’n’ Smoke”* from M.LT. to Minnesota, from SouthemMethodist to Southern California and from Penn to Pacific. For “rough stuff” is in demand again this year—^more than ever—and no man, no matter whether he’s a freshman or a graduate student, can even think about G.B.T.S. without including at least one rough fabric suit in his wardrobe. These famous Shaglands of ours, styled in the three-button, “Varsity” model, are ready for you NOW in all the new Fall 1940 shades—^and their price is as easy on dad’s charge account—or your own budget—as their appearance is on the eyes.
53500
Dunce Culenduci Representotiveu of organized sponMred Cloeed dunces will mOet Wednesday, September 18, at 7 p. w. in the Student UitiOn office. Representutlvei of dbganized sponsored open dunces Who were absent Monday, September 16, must also attend. —CLARK. Cunlcffe Club: First meeting, Wednesday, September 18, at 7:30 p. m., in the south Union ballroom. Everyone invited. —GEPHART. Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday, September 17, in Room 212 of Union at 6 o’clock. —CARROLL.
AO VttHlimiHs Freshmen iirtereslef la working on the Scrfvwimr stuff shootfi tii* pinft to the SerfvgMIi' pak4 fa tie Uaton Sutnrday, September in, ut 2:39 p. m. —ALBXANDE3L SknO and Crescent: Meettog Tborsduy, September 19, at 7:30 p. m, in room 32S of the Union. Important, —LANIUS.
Dolphin Clnb; Meeting Wednesday, S< tember 18, at 7 p. m, iij the Fieldhoiwe. sure to be there. —FILER.
Pan-Hellenic: Meeting at 4 p. m, today in Room 306 of Union. —LANG.
Gymnastics: The gymnastic’s and tumbler’s meeting is postponed until Friday, September 18 at 3 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. —SCOTT.
Exponent Staff: The following persons sre scheduled to work today, Septauber 17: Ruffner, Heaton, Amos, Clark, Zinski, Jones, Stoechei, Noodlinger. Co-ed staff. Barson, Pox, Boynton, Chanel, Lahr. —HEIPLE.
Lutheran Students: There will be a meeting of the Lutheran Student Association Tuesday, September 17, at 7:16 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —MEZOFP. Varsity Golf Candidates: All candidates for varsity golf meet in the lobby of ilie Fieldhouse Friday afternoon at 4:15. 9-19 —COACH HARRY ALLSPAW. Fraternity Freshmen: All fraternity freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramural Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
AIEE Officers: There will be a special meeting of the officers in the reading room of the EE building on Tuesday, Septemb^ 17, at 4 p. m. —WISE.
Sophomore Track Managers: Report to Ross-Ade Stadium Tuesday afternoon, September 17. —PHILLIPS.
CE 6 Condition Exam: Examination for removal of condition in Surveying, CE 6 will be held in CE 101, Saturday, September 21, at 1 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Cabinet meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 126 Chauncey Avenue. Dinner will be served at 6:46 p. m. —MANGUS.
Freshman Association of Pnrdne Christian Foundation: Meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 4:16 p. m. Ask at Union desk for key to room. -REYNOLDS.
All Students: First meeting of the Purdue Outing Clnb will be held in room 328 of the Union Monday, September 23, at 7 p, m. All students welcome. —BLAGRAVE,
Classified Ads FOR SALE Typewritetf and adding macMnca, sew and used, for aal^ rent and repaired. AU makes of portable typewriters, 329.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeogrwh end mnltigrapb weak. C. F. EbenhoiL 306 Main St. PhoM 2779. —d*
Scriveners: Petitions for positions on the Scrivener staff should be l^t at the office before Thursday noon, September 19, and shduld consist of a Statement of the position desired together with an acknowledgment of the obligations entailed. All members of the club are eligible for tony position. —ALEXANDER.
A senior EE waats momaute. Good location. 112 S Grant St. Opposite Union Building. Lost: Gold sapphire and diamond ring.— Reward. Call 8418, Room 2225.
Military Juniors Only: Juniors wishing to work on military ball committee weport to me Wednesday, September 18, at 4 p. m. second floor of the Armory. . —AULL.
For Rent: Two newly furnished rooms close to campus and west aide. Twin beds in one. The other double decker in connecting dorm. Suitable for students or business people. Single, $20.00 per room. Double $26.00 per room. Qui^ and home like. Splendid heat. No other roomers. Also Garage for rent. Phone 2666 after 8 p. m.
For Sale: Leather, wool-lined half coat, size 42, almost new. Call Britt, 8421.
Pan-Hellenic: Meeting Tuesday,‘September 17, at 4 p. m, in room 805 of the Union. —LANG.
WAA Tennis: Tennis dall-out is Tuesday, September 17. Instruction Will be given Tuesdays and Thursdays at 4 p. m. Information concerning the single and mixed doubles tournament is on the bulletin board in the gym. —EMHOFF.
Rnas-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407. For Rent: One-half of a double room. Innerspring matress, warm, clean room. $11.00. 45841. 614 Dodge St.
Lost: Gold Elgin wrist watch. Initials, M. E, P. Reward. Phone 65164.
Newman Club: Following men report to room 236 in the Union building at 4 p. m., ’Tuesday, September 17: George Singer, Emil Nasser, Richard Thelen, Richard Ball, Charles Clark, and Henry Storeby. —McCONABAY.
Lost: 1939 Central High Ring—Initials JFH—Reward. Tel. 8413-1361.
Lost: Lady’s gold Elgin wrist watch. Call 56614. Mary Glenn Yeager. Reward.
Senior Co-eds: Any last minute jacket orders can be placed at Wood Hall in room 3802 by Tuesday, September 17, at 6 p. m. —CHANDLER. Gimlet: Important meeting Tuesday, September 17, at 6 p. m. at Sigma Chi fraternity. —TAYLOR.
Lost: A LL Decitrig Duplex slide rule #668632. “N” marked on slide and body. If found, contact B. Nash, ph. 66261. Reward.
Lost: Tri Kappa pin. Reward. Tel. 8413359.
Lost: Reward for return of set of drawing instruments, Oppleman. Inc., France. Return to Bill Thompson, Cary Hall, N. W1
Read the Book and Then Choose Your K 6r E Rule at
HM)li BOCK&SlIPflY flCRE
wUL cmueLW—MsnMBBfi
3f»HO ITATE JTREEI WEST LAFAYETTE INa
^^Purdue^s Friendly Meeting Place
99
- s vour ‘ help mw tor life?
BEFORE YOU TAKE THE PLUNGE . . . READ
ALSO MANY OTHERS TO SELECT FROM—IN ALL PRICE RANGES CLIPPER CRAFT $25.00 VARSITY $27.50 to $35.00
BROOKSHIRE $21.50 to $25.00 VARSITY TOWN
SOOHAI^ST.
$24.00 to $35.00
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
nrs HUMOROUS • • IT’SHB^UPFUX... IT’S FREE
^How to Choose a SUde Rale’’ ibF noN noBROUi Choc^g a Slide Rule is a lot like gntUng manied, because you are gmng to have it for a long, long tiiue. that’s why you just mml read this mastracful hook by that did slide'nda slidw. Don Herold. It is written in simple^ salty language and profusely illustrated by the raastoQ himself. It takes the mystery <mt of slide calm
for all time,
”How to Choose a Slide Rule^is&ee—if yoa get yours hefwo the first edition runs out. Sm your campus K dc £ dealoratonoe.
Mr. taer
KEUFFEL o ES8EII GOa Hnr YQ||K—HOnOKMU M. 4. CtUCAOO • ST. louts SAN iwAHsuM • Loa AMoaun«tMcrsonr«MOMnom.m
I'-
I?:
hi *»
/y
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# September 17# 1940
Riveter Grid Hopes Soar Sophomores Sparkle The Boilermaker pigskin maulers spent Sunday enjoying a well-earned twenty-four hours of rest, and reported yesterday all set for the final hard week that will preceed the less strenuous week before the Butler game. The term “well-earned” is all too true, because of the Saturday afternoon session that the squad went through. The practice featured a grudling scrimmage in which the entire squad of over sixty players saw action. The dangerous situation caused - ■
by a lack of reserves in the line, looked much brighter after Saturday’s work. The performance of a group bf sophomore line aspirants gave foundation to the thought that perhaps the line reserve trouble is solved. The work of King and Schimer at end promised Elward some valuable rest for Captain Rankin, Sprowl, and Tycocki. The other shining sophs were Hillenbrand at guard, Luego at center, Warren at tackle, and Buffington at fullback. The fine work of Warren at tackle will be well received because of the loss, yesterday, of Bill Neff, senior tackle, as a result of a knee injury that will keep him out of action for from a week to ten days. Good Passing A bitter battle is being waged over the quarterback spot by a quintet of fighting field generals. Kersey, Cary, Snyder, Smerke, and Lindsey all have their eyes set on the all-important backfield position. Smerke, the midget of the five, makes up for his lack of size with an abundance of fight and scrap that would amaze the most veteran of football fans. The Riveter punting and passing game has fallen into able hands as witnessed by the Saturday scrimmage. Calvin, Petty, and Brock put on as fine an exhibition as has been seen since the days of Horstman, Isbell, and others. With Rankin and his sticky fingers at end,,the passing trio of Galvin, Byelene, and
Berto showed that the Boilermaker aerial game is nothing to be laughed at. Remember 1938! The lightness of this year’s team brings back to mipd the team of 1938. The team of that year was also very light, but possessed the valuable gift that this year's team has; speed. It was in 1938 that bne of the most memorable of Boilermaker games topk place, for it was that year that the boys from West Lafayette beat the mighty Buckeyes of Ohio State. Given practically no chance of beating the powerful team from Columbus, an inspired Riveter team flashed a whirlwind running game that had the Ohio boys hanging on the ropes. That 12-0 win is the only Boilermaker victory in the history of the two school’s rivalry, and more than that it is the only time that they have scored on the present Big Ten title holders. The two teams line up much the same today. A heavy, veteran outfit from Ohio State will play host to a light, green Riveter squad and who knows, perhaps lightning can strike twice in the same place. —rf
Delta Chi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Dick Stettner, Elgin, 111. Lee Clifford has been elected to the position of sheriff.—ewm
Hn ^ IrishmaHS Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan We have often wondered just what gets into these horse-crazy southerners, especially those from Louisville; so we spent last weekend in Louisville in the company of O, P. Hartman, Purdue ’09. —-I-I— Hartman, a floor executive in New Albany, just across the Ohio river from the racing center for nags, is just about the most loyal Purdue booster we’ve even contacted. He can tell you about all of the New Albany boys who made good at Purdue. -1-1— They include Cotton Wilcox, as great a halfback as Purdue has ever produced; Red Mackey, a vicious tackier in his undergraduate days and now a coach at his alma mater, and the present Pete Timperman, a regular tackle. —-I-I— , Hartman took us around Louisville’s post-race centers, and the atmosphere was almost like the training stables. Every spot in town is a constant reminder that old Louisville is a horse town. Booths in eating places are constructed like the stables that Kentucky Derby winners were housed in. —I-I— We got into a conversation with a couple of Theta Xi boys of the 1900’s, and our host soon saw to it that yours truly was given a picture of the University away-back-when; the picture we seldom hear about, and from the stories told by the old boys, we learned that times haven’t changed—^much.
Riveter Trackmen Gather As Season Opener Draws Near The 1940 edition of the Boilermaker cross-country team assembled for the first time yesterday afternoon. Sixteen men were present at a meeting in the fieldhouse with their coach, Herman Phillips, and assistant Homer Allen. Coach Phillips announced that the first week would be spent in light workouts under the direction of Ed Holderman, Purdue distance star. Candidates were cautioned against blistering their feet during the early stages of conditioning, as hard work is to start next week. Phillips advised the men to learn first to run relaxed,\ then develop rhythm in their runnmg, and finally to build up endurance. He continued that endurance could be built
up only by hard work. Lots of Work Seriousness, right mental attitude, and hard work were the points stressed in this chat. It was pointsd out that a genuine liking for the activity must be present if an3rthing worthwhile is to be accomplished. Lettermen returning include Holderman, Reeves, and Shulman. Other upperclassmen bolstering the squad are Jarvis, White, and Young. The bulk of the squadyis a likely looking bunch of sophomores, from whom much is expected. They are Appleton, Roach, Kamp, Kinder, C. Smith, Morozich, Stanley, Jentch, Beck, and Bray. Meeting Wednesday At this meeting Homer Allen, assistant track coach, issued a call for all frosh and varsity track men to report in room 107 of the Fieldhouse Wednesday at 4 o’clock. He announced thai there would be a two week training period after which four weeks would be spent on decathlon contests. Each man is to take part in all ten events, receiving a
certain number of points, ac!CK>rdins to his performance. Trophies are to be awarded the ten high men.—ey The 1940 cross-country schedule is as follows: Oct. 4—Indiana at Purdue 4 o’clock Oct. 12—^Pittsburgh at Purdue 10 o’clock Oct. 19—Ohio State at OolumbuB > 10 o’clock Oct. 26—^Wisconsin at Purdue 10 o’clock Nov. 2—Wayne at Detroit 10 o’clock Nov. 9—State meet at Purdue 10 o’clock Nov. 16—Conference meet at Chicago 10 o’clock Nov. 25—National Intercollegiate meet at Lansing, Mich. 12 noon
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT GLASSIES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed.# Sept. 18# 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs.# Sept. 19# 7:30 P. M. Children's Classes Saf.# Sepf. 21 PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
.<y
Right! Start the School Year On your school year calendar, include the use of Crown Cleaning Service Regularly. Crown Laundry PIHE et.lA«KBS or riNC eLOTHIS
d
THE ALEXANDER TWINS... Dorothy and Groce, Famous Drum Majorettes for American Legion Post 42, AAartinsville, Virginia
We Carry All Parker Fountain Pens UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the UnionM. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
■ Next to the College Inn Cafeteria R. W. “Doc’^ Epple, ’44>
He could have been
The Man Most Likely to Succeed'
if
/lA/DSAli/fi
fOR REA I MilD/VESS !/ A/VD BETTER TASTE' These are the twin pleasures you look for in a cigarette. You'll find them in every Chesterfield you smoke...and it takes the right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos united in Chesterfields to give you the added pleasure of o cooler smoke... Make your next pack Chesterfieldandjoin the millions of smokers who say
but indifference, like using a faulty pen, kept him behind the 8-Ball 'r Harry had everything, except a sense of discrimination. Perhaps he leaned too heavily on his natural gifts. Anyway he never added to them in college, but laughed things off—like the times his old-fashioned pen ran dry in classes and exams. Our bright alumnus is out in the world today—a man who could have given orders, he is taking them. Sure, it seems far-fetched, but you’ll be surprised what a great big difference it makes in your grades to carry a sure-fire pen like the Parker Sacless Vacumatic. It’s this revolutionary streamlined Beauty that never runs dry unless you let it. For its sacless Television barrel holds nearly twice as much ink as our old type, and it lets you SEE days ahead if it’s runningdow. It’s the only Style that looks like circlets of shimmering velvet— ring upon ring of luminous Pearl and Jet. The One-Hand sacless filler with the "lubricated” Point of extra fine-grained I4K Gk)ld, extra resilient— tipped with Osmiridium that writes "as smooth as oiL” It’s the college favorite by nearly 3 to 1—so it rates one "in the Know” to carry the genuine. Be sure to look for Parker’s Blue Diamond —it means Guaranteed for Life. Avoid all snb-stitates-then you’ll have no regrets. The Parker Pen Co„ Janesville, Wis.
0
Paile ► Pani maiiwd v4l|i tha Blu* Diamond or* guorantned for th« life of the ownef ogolntt overythlng emmpt Iom or latenHonal damage, tubfect only to o charge of 35P for pottage, Iniaroeee. and handling, giwMid cempleto gea to nlvnied for lendce.
GUARANTEED
FOR LIFE by Parker's
Blue Diamand
FUZZ FFZFVZSIOJ^
lattInaHd PeaA Fan*, IS to PS HWtoAneftoeefc toMeMLUtAtotoff
lit I
Cepff||to iMR-tiogm k Mnw nfoMpo Odi.
TRY NARKIR QVingi THI MtRACLI IMK THAT CHANS A URN AS IT WRITISy IM AND SS«