' ♦ ^
m<
V®“
'’ *' ^ ‘V '1 '’'(i- 4 ’'■“'j*^‘ '-*;■' ', ' 1,' I \ I - i 1 >■ , <
fe##;
“"IVj'
*•
Volume 53, No. 32
Fr. Hubbard Gives Talk
1
On Eskimos
\
4,000 Attend,Sunday Gonvo In Music Hall “Perhaps the Eskimos have been more written about, more talked about, and more lied about than any other group in the Vforld,” said Father’ Bernard F. Hubbard, as he addressed the ctowd of 4,000 people attending Sunday afternoon's convocation in the Mur
sic Hall.
“E?lail)iO& might live in igleos and eat blubber, but during my fourteen trips to Alaska, I have never seen an igloo nor have I witnessed any eating of blubber,” the Glacier Priest stated, in debunking some of the common beliefs about the far north.
Discredits Kabloona
Hubbard answered the doubts in, ^^e play, which had a two year everyone’s mind who had read the „„ Broadway, is written about
fliia Mrtn+li n1»iVi>o ir«_ , _ . the horseracing sport and centers
West, Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 14, 1941
VICTORY CARAVAN' ID GO TO COLUMBUS
Buses WBI Leave Union At 5:30 In Mprnirig; Return At Night
Comic Production Opens Tomorrow For Four Day Run Opening its 1941-42 season. Playshop will present the comedy, “Three Men on a Horse” for a four day run beginning tomorrow evening in Fowler Hall. According to John Goll, publicity director, final preparations have been completed and the opening production should
go off without flaws.
Tickets
Reserved seat tickets for the Iowa and Michigan State football games may be obtained by sophomores today, according to C. S. Doan, ticket manager. Upon presentation of properly signed coupons freshman may receiver their tickets tomorrow and Thursday. Block orders for tickets will be available, however, the date of their exchange will be that of the lowest classification in the group,
r.m.f.
Beveridge Speech Contest Will Begin This Afternoon At 4
By Phil Johnson,
Exponent Sports Editor
Okay, students, here it is ... . the chance to go en masse to the Boilermakers’ first conference battle at Ohio State Sat-
urday with the minimum of that old mazuma. Think of it, a . , „ ,, round trip to the Ohio state capital for less than four bucks, Albert J, Beveridge Speech That’s the good news that emerged from the Administration Contest will be held this afternoon
Building yesterday afternoon.
Byrd Speab On His Life In Antarctic
11,000 Hear Admiral Give Two Lectures “Antarctica is going tlnrotigh
an ice age comparable to the one that covered North America thousands of years ago,’” Admiral Byrd told an audience of 4,500 in discussing bis recent trip to the South Pole in the Music Hall last evenlhg. Byrd’s lecture consisted mainly of movies of his trip to Little America and experiences
Yesterday afternoon school
at 4 p.m. in room 301 of University ‘^uses from many nearby This excursion, the first Boilermaker trip of the kind in Winners in the preliminaries schools brought 6,500 children
humpteen years, is being sponsored by the Purdue Athletic Council, and was approved yesterday afternoon by the execu-
tive committee of the University.
Book of the Month Club’s book Kabloona, by saying that this book was
its action in iNew York’s Bowery
as'comparable to the true Eskimos a New Jersey suburban home,
as Tobacco Road is to typical Amer-
icans.
Movies shown portrayed the craftsmanship of the Eskimo by picturing in detail the construction of an oomink, a form of boat. The
AWS Will Sponsor Talk On Activities For Freshman Coeds
A new musical version of the play is expected to appear on Broadway this fall featuring Eddie Cantor.'
Sets Are Ready
Multitudes of ingenious devices legienne Chats in the Home Eco-
frame of an oomiak is made of which enable property men to locate nomics Building auditorium tomordriftwood tied together with leath- necessary equipment for each row at 4 p.m. This talk is callbd er rope; the keel is taken from a scene and stage hands to collapse a “Hints to the Active-Minded.” Pur-
AWS is again sponsoring
Complete arrangement^ for the trip have been made by the sponsoring
PAC.
Six Sixty Including Game! The complete rate for the excursion will be $6,60, which will not only include transportation both ways but also a swell seat at the game. Roomy buses will be the mode of conveyance, leaving the Union Building 5:30 Saturday morning and arriving at Columbus shortly after noon.
Coeds Wanted! Many Positions On Staff Open
will participate in the final round to the lecture. The Music Hall which will take place next Tuesday, was completely filled, includOctober 21, at 7:30 p. m., in Fowler orchestra pit, for the '' afternoon lecture. Byrd said one litBoth the winning freshman and tie girl asked him if he had acquired the organization with the highest jjjg southern accent at the South
team score will receive awards.
Two Trophies Offered
The Hays Trophy, a silver loving cup awarded by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafyette, will be presented for permanent possession to
Pole.
Find Vast Resources This expedition found vast resdurces of coal and other minerals on their last trip to the Polar reg-
By Donna Siess
the man who wins first place in the lOJ’s, Byrd said. In addition to the final round. And the Ankeny Trophy ‘ vast mineral resources, the expedi-
BWOC, BWOC, it’s whispered organization with the ^aid claim to nearly one million
along the campus, the BWOC’s are pointed out, stared dt, ooo’ed
Both eds and coeds will make up
highest total score. square miles of land for the United at. rpjjg Ankeny Trophy is held by the States. Byrd also told of the har-
But no longer do you coeds need to ,5,,juning group for one year. But if rowing experiences he endured dur-
‘"I' ."”5' '‘::i a. expedition, wai, chaperone for ““I “ “e trophy is won three tinted by one ing his stay at his advance^ base
the trunk and is covered with a
tight layer of walrus hide.
Oomiak Holds All
When the Eskimos make their annudl trip to Nome, they put their ehtire belongings' in the oomiak, starting first by piling a layer of household goods on the bottom of the bodt. On top of this go two or three layers of other essentials for their stay in the Alaskan city, together with the ivory carvings which they later sell for candy. About fifty excited Eskimos then climb in and they are off for their
holiday. <
Hubbard had these people con- year to be held Friday night, struct an oomiak fnr him and his replenished according to
party with which he visited nearly
all the Eskimos in Alaska, study- committee m charge of ing their language and customs. He dance. Tickets, priced at $1.10 found that the language of the sev- are on sale at WRH, sorority houses eral villages are identical. When and the west desk of the Union,
the situation in the East becomes
the next set is simultaneously being freshmen and transfer coeds with set in place are now in readiness, the advantages of participating in
Goll says. campus activities.
A few reserved seat tickets and All heads of the coed activities season books are still availble in the will be present to describe the functicket offices in Eliza Fowler Hall, tions and procedures of their var-
ious activities. The speakers will be: Barbara Fellows, Union; Agnes McCullough, AWS; Rutti Newton,
all of the buses. The returning cara- Canpus. Exponent is offer- organization it will be retired per- which he tells in his book, “Alone”
every freshman, sophomore, and
van will leave the Buckeye strong
hold about 9:00 the same evening, g^QQ
arriving home about 1:30 Sunday morning. Coeds will naturally be
excused for the late hours.
a chance to be a
Tickets Still On Sale For First Coed Bid Dance Friday Night Depleted ticket stocks for “Gold Digger’s”, first coed bid dance of
Take It Easy
Through the creation of a new coed business staff those juniors who were “just too busy then” or who, although they plugged away on
manently to them. Cary Hall West 14,000 Varieties
has already won the cup twice. And He stated that there were only 14 if they win this year they will retire thousand different items taken on
the Ankeny Trophy permanently,
h.e
Rose, Exponent; and Mary Pidgeon, WAA. Attendance will be taken, p.s. Annual Short Course Of Veterinary Doctors Will Open Tomorrow
The only condition imposed upon'some activity, just didn't make it, Six PiKA Freshman
To Meet Pi Kap Pie Gulpers Tomorrow
the trip. These included such things as portable houses, 3 cows, tractors, airplanes, dogs and dehydrated vegetables. The personnel for the expedition included 150 men and of-
ficers.
A dinner was held in the west faculty lounge of the Union before the lecture in honor of Admiral The banquet was for the membecs
Six skilled and ambitious pledges tj,e Lions Club and their families;
YWCA; Mary Henry, Debris; Ruth concern- will now have an opportunity to
ing inebriation be enforced. Should gain leading positions as junior coany student be far enough along to ed business managers on this new create a disturbance on the bhs, he staff. But no staff would be cornwill be subject to expulsion from plete without freshman and sophthe University. omore workers, so all you coeds who
This plan of taking a caravan of like advertising, merchandising, p- tf ' students to the Big Ten opener pro- art, and stenographic work are ^appa rni ana Kappa sponsored the leetme for the vides a way to allow as many of the urged to come to the call-outs this I’^atemities will engage in benefit of the blind in Tippecanoe student body to see ifTe'Buckeye Thursday at^-hi-the Exponent-of- their annual pie eating contest to- county. j.d.s.
. , ^ fipp morrow afternoon at 4:30 on the game as wish to go, with out a stilt ,■ » x x x? xu tt • m,. charce attached to the trip What Is There In It? ^ trout steps of the Union. The hun-
charge attached to the trip. , ^
ftudents along ^bat is there in it behind them, will race from the
The twenty-ninth annual Short V'^^th the band should rnake ror a j„g ? ^gj^ just this. First of all. Southeast coiner of the Union
their language, which he recorded, with that of the Eskimos of Northern Siberia in an attempt to dis-
cover a correlation there.. Dwellings Built High Up
The movies showed the dwellings of the people built half way up on the side of greftt rock mountains.
Outstanding Cadets
The dance is one of'the fun pro- Course for Veternarians will open no experience is necessary. Require- grounds to the steps, eat their pie, To Receive Awards
At Officers' Smoker
more settled, he wishes to compare , . ^ j f u; u ^be coed tomorrow with prospects of a record t®um as they face the strong Buck- ^^.g enthusiasm, cooperative- and return to the starting point,
wki.i, 1,. voking affairs tor which the coed Featured during the eye eleven. A compact cheering body v . . ^
asks the man for the date, and furnishes all of the comforts and accessories that go to make up a suc-
‘cessful date.
three days of classes and clinics will be addresses by numerous authorities nationally recognized in their
■ Unlike previous years, street I’cspective fields. Many of these adlength dresses will be the correct dresses will be illustrated by movies feminine attire in place of the for- ^ud actual demonstrations covering mal dresses. However, the coed is the latest developments in veter-
mi ms** xs J xx x xx* • xx lila.1 UlcoCstJo. xxUWcvtJIi tile eueu lo x The Eskimos find that this is the g^pgg^g^ g^ppjy ^ corsage inary surgery and treatment
safest place when the fierce northern storms rage. Cdncerning the storms, however. Rev. Hubbard was of the opinion that weather is much worse in the Dakotas and Montana
than in Alaska.
The lecturer had dinner at Cary Hall before his program in the Music Hall. After the convocation a reception was held for him in the Union where students and faculty had a chance to question him further of his arctic adventures, r.w.b.
ness, and a sense of humor. Those Time Trials Held
of you who are interested in the Time trials have been held in the
enemy camps to select the fastest
reasonable amount of typing abil- pie-eating pledges,
ity. And there’s plenty in it for you. The rivalry this year is said to
From the juniors a staff of three be much greater than it has been for Association medal, the Albert^
Combination tickets will be on coeds will be selected. Their duties many years, for both fraternities Trophy Medals, and tKe sale today at the Fieldhouse ticket will be along managerial lines, have won the copper pie-tin trophy Fi’ank M. Cary cup will be made at office. Students who have already Freshman and sophomores will an equal number of times. This con- cadet officers’smoker to be held
such as they will compose can do a
great deal toward helping the team ;;g„"g"“,^ph; I'^e“‘should “have"
to a good start in the conference
race.
How To Get Those Tickets
Award of the U. S. Field Artil-
of some weird variety for her man.
p.s.
Dairy Club To Hear Dr, Albjerg Tonight
Among the speakers assembled purchased tickets to the game may work toward junior jobs and will test will determine the fastest October 22, in the Union. ... i *1.. t ..■» .r-TT _ I J _ ^ J —.xxXx^Xl «%<* M 1 1 XvT + V\ O C3+Y*XT /\T 4*1*11 C« CJ/\Y1 1 A 1 Yin* 4*n Q 0X3
Expo Coeds All members of Exponent coed editorial staff will meet this afternoon at 4:15 in the Exponent office. Co-ed editions will be discussed. ROSE
of Veterinarian Medicine; Dr, J. G.
First meeting of the Dairy Club Hardenbergh, Chicago, 111., execuwill be “held this evening at 7:30 tive secretary of the A.V.M.A.
p. m. in room 108, Smith Hall, Dr.
V. L. Albjerg of the department of "JTqq OflnCO
history, economics, and government
will speak on “World Review.” . . . Second of the bi-monthly seThe meeting is to give the fresh- ries sponsored by the Student Un-
for the coursel will be Dr. H. W. obtain transportation tickets here have an opportunity to gain experJakeman, Boston, Mass., president at the same excursion rates. All ience in each division of the work, of the American Veterinary Med- those interested in making the trip Remember, Thursday at 4 in the ical Association; Dr. A. H. Schmidt, are urged to arrange for their tick- Exponent office all you coeds. At Triumph, Minn.; Dean O. V. Brum- ets as soon as possible so that plenty this meeting the senior coed manley, Ohio State University’s College of bus room will be available fgr all. agers will explain explicit activi-
ties, Here’s a chance for fame and
^ e r* 1 fun you can’t afford to miss. Ceres Sponsors First , r- ..
Wesson Takes First
pastry eater of this season, l.s. Horticulture Society Holds Annual Picnic Horticulture Society will hold its annual fall picnic tomorrow after-
According to a release from the University Military department, the U. S. Field Artillery medal isfe awarded to the advanced student who “best exemplifies, in outstanding soldierly characteristics, the high standards of the Army.” Cadet officers with highest standing in their classes at the dose of summer camp and the senior in the
noon on the Gordon Myers farm. All advanced course who made greatest students enrolled in any horticul- general improvement during his ture class and, their friends are in- junior year will be the recipients ^ited. of the Albert Smith Trophy medals
^ ^ if meetings this semester on Thurs- tie and won a $400 s^cholarship^from Horticulture Building at 4:45 cup will be made for highest stand-
selves with the activities of the club 6:30 p.m. in the north balh-oom of October 16, in the assembly the American Jersey Cattle Club, in P- ^uses will be pro- ing in gunnery during last year. and to introduce the faculty and the Union. Music will be from - Agricultural Hall at Collegiate contest at the Na- vided for those attending the picnic. Also during the smoker will he
upperclassmen. All freshmen and cordings of hit tunes by the coun- . ‘f*® ^.^oiiegiaie coniesi. au me iNa . , .
upperclass dairy students are in- try’s most popular bands. Students vited to the meeting, e.l.s. will be admitted free.
Open Meeting Of Year jersey Judging Ceres, honorary agronomy so- Oscar Wesson, Ag ’42, took first ciety, will hold the first of two open jjj judging of Jersey cat-
Sprague Creates Giant Lightning Bolts At Will For Experiments In High Voltage Laboratory
By Ed Young
power and this could be had only devices of many kinds. Then it was the interest of the general public by increasing the size and quantity conceived that a study should be and students in agriculture, g.w.s Did you ever see lightning strike' existing lines, made of lightning itself. Man-made twice in the same place? If your Lightning Trouble bolts were the result, answer is in the negative and you d rp^ijs -^yas done, only to find that Still Not Satisfied like to see this near-miracle, direct larger and higher lines were But Spiague, who had come on your footsteps toward our new high Susceptible to lightning attacks. In the scene about 1926, was not satisvoltage laboratory some afternoon addition, much power was lost in fied. He wanted a laboratory where
4 p. m. tional Daiiy Show in Memphis last entertainment is, being care- the showing of slides and pictures Clarence Henry, former Indiana g^turday. arranged according to Bill of last year’s camp and others of county agent and for several, years rpj^g g^^jj,g University team placed Schallhorn, newly elected president general military interest, assistant state leader of county ^ teams, first society. Committee on smokers for the agents, will come from Chicago to College, second Refreshments are being prepared year is headed by Cadet Lt. Col. B. speak on “Marketing Methods in Texas A & M, and third to Kan- Bob Brewster and his assistants. W. Christian and includes Cadet the United States.” g^^^^ College. Members of the entertainment committee is un- Major H. F. Grabner, Cadet Capt.
Henry has for several years bpen
director of education for the Chi- Ramsey and cago Board of Trade. Ceres believes g alternate that these open meetings stimulate ^puigeon, alt ate
Kenneth R.
der the direction of H. D. Fulmer. C. W. Peteison, Cadet 2nd Its. J. P. A charge of twenty cents will be Dodds, R. B. Larson and A. Castel-
made. e.w.n. lani. k.a.k.
130 People
mostly faculty members, at-
Wesson’s win makes the third successive year that Purdue men have won the top Jersey prize, this honor having been won two years ago by T. Robert Blosser of Syracuse and last year by Robert K. Waugh of Columbia City, j.t.k.
Byrd Stresses Need Of National Unity; Tells Interviewer He Likes Music Hall
tended the tea held Sunday after- tffe expiiation of his term, m.j.l.
o- - auuiuiuii, iiiuuii Jjuwci vy«ci luoi, ijeu. axe waiiucu a wiicic r .nw, /I C n tyi Viy, AlnVia and watch C. S. Sprague and his gg^ding the charge any great dis- he could really do things. A great - i j- " -j.' i, wiofoa tviniro tViP stuff do this and . Z.I. ■ t 4-1,., J14! - jjj! 4.4. Chi Rho social fraternity honoringmates make tne stun ao inis anu ^g^ce, the power escaping into the deal of space is needed for a test Q^utroller R B Stewart national
president of the fraternity, and
many other tricks. t^g uien in where three million volts aie loosed. His Business Is Testing the laboratory took charge. This fall that new lab is being preIn putting the lightning through Here on our campus, a string of pared for action. Its caretaker is a its paces, however, Sprague is not poles appeared, running due north happy and, indeed, a very busy man concerned with the audience. His from the present Chemistry Annex, these days as he stiives to equip business is high voltage testing and Studies of this power loss, called to the utmost his building. One of research. When the new laboratory “corona loss,” were made in con- the pioneers in his field, he is conwas started on its first job recently, nection with those poles. A high stantly looking for new frontiers m it (the laboratory) marked the re- voltage laboratoiy of early vintage one of the most interesting of pio-
alization of the soft-spoken Eng- was set up in what is now the Chem- fessions. lishman’s dream, a dream which be- istry Annex, but was then the Elec- Studying Nature
gan fifteen years ago.' trical Engineering Building. Laboratories similar to this one High voltage research is a rel- Moved To New Building have been established by several Utively new branch of engineering. In 1926 the lab was moved to the leading commercial firms of elecita origin but a scant twenty-five southwest corner of the then new trical apparatus, at the same time years back. The need for this type Electrical Engineering Building, trying to learn more about Nature’s of research grew out of the ex- Work was begun on methods of le- heaviest artillery—lightning. So we pansita and development of our ducing lightning damage on power repeat, take a stroll over and watch jmoderp industrial systems. The lines. Out of this studj^ emerged the procedure for juggling a mil-
industries needed more electrical lightning arrestors and shielding lion volts or so.
Auditor W. A. Bodden, national edi-
tor.
By John D. Smith “ ' '■ ' A handsome man even in civilian photography, with thft Adclothes with his slightly grayed ^1*® controls of the
hair. Admiral Byrd sat in the corner
drug store chatting over a lemonade continent of Antareticft with your reporter. Byrd, who is on ^®®*' claimed for the United StateSi a two month leave, is touring the that extensiro suit.
Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the country lecturing on “National rimnh^
Jenkins, Heine Meet With Pharmacy Board
Senior Pictures
Senior pictures for the Debris will be taken for the last time today between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. There are about 150 seniors who have not had their pictures taken as yet. Those pictures not taken today will have to be taken in Indianapolis. Proofs may be seen by appointment in room 204 of the Union. Students will be notified of the date by post card. j.t.k.
a transit at 20 below xero if 'font engineers think it is tough twisting tagent screws at a mere 32 above. We Need Unity , .
Byrd stated that this counti^f more national unity and that if
School of Phaimacy and Henry W. Unity.” He will leave for LogansHeine, in chai ge of pharmacy ex- port today and will give about four tension, met with the Indiana Board more lectures over the country beof Pharmacy yesterday in Indianap- fore he returns to active duty in the
olis to discuss impoitant topics per- Navy,
taining to pharmacy in Indiana in He Likes The Music Hall
connection with the present emer- Byrd says that he likes the Uni- do not get together we are luMl^ gency. * versity especially the coeds. He to find ourselves saluting a dletat^ The Board of Pharmacy has two stated that the Music Hall is one every time we turn \ graduates of the University Phar- of the best and most well equipped Byrd’s ship “Bear” is non? macy School in its membership, Os- halls in which he has lectured. to the government for one A car E. Russell, ’97, and Edgar A. This trip was the most successful year for research work in GifeiiO’Harrow, ’06. John A. Funk, Gal- expedition yet attempted to the land, and he expects to join the ship veston, ’06, a member of the Board Little America base, said Byrd, in Greenland as soon as hfe Rtake for many years, retired recently at Most of the coastline was mapped is up.
4 4 , ■'{'if ^ent Editorial Page
Tuesdayy OctoBeit
f--
11
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
U. S. Navy May Soon Be Bringing In Nazi 'Piraf-e' Raiding Craft
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.--Don’t be Mrprised. if a U. S. warship disembarks a load of Nazi sailors and turns them over to the Justice De-
partment to be tried on 'charges of went into the place,, but now if we “piracy.” , could only view all this big oriepta-
It is even possible that in the
SUCCESS STORY
The man in charge of the freshmen, orientation tests, was standing on the big stage of the Music Hallgiving detailed instructions on how to indicate our ignorance on the sheets of paper Aye were being handf; ed. Helpers were dashing up and down the gisleg scattering the .question papers. An immense football hopeful sat at our side babbling to us that he wasn’t going, to try to pass the tests becausp he didn’t come down here to ^tudy anyhow. He wasn’t going to have time to study and win football games for Purdue, too. On the stage, a man with a camera had some lights which he kept p.lacipg in various po^ sitions, none of which seemed to please him very much. In short, activity was bubbling on all sides, and the Cork sat staring at the ceiling. But the ceiling of that newlyopened, magnificent structure held us spellbound beyond belief.. Our breath Avas taken away when we
“haul” may be an armed Nazi raider- or two that had been operating
doAvn Brazil way.
Anything may happen these eventful days since the President enunciated U. S. determination to maintain freedom of the seas, and branded Nazi ( submarines and surface raiders • * in American waters as “pirates.” Armed Nazi ships are proAvling American waters and the U. S. Navy has its orders. It can be reveql^ed that neither the Justice nor War Department Avould.. be., surprised if they had some “pirate” seamen and “pirate” craft to deal with soon. Both have been quietly studying for a week the law and precedents concerning
such an eventuality.
tion exercise from those Windows in the ceiling, we knew that life Avould take on more interest for us than it
ever had before.
The Cork substained this profound lodging to peep from the holes through all the convocations from Rockwell Kent down to the symphonies. As the lights waxed and waned and brilliant colored lighting effects saturated the air all through both Union shows, and the College Widow, and the ballet, the interesting things above our head continued to hold our attention. Then, after classes one afternoon this week found us walking down the stone corridor to the radio studios. We knocked at Mr. Dittamore’s door and he called for us to come ih. Mr. Dittamore is program director for WBAA, manager of the Music
Hall, and one of the most congenial
The War Department enters the fellows you ever met. He said sure picture because under the law all i . ■ ,'
war prisoners landed on U. S, soil
come under the custody of th^ Ar- nated it. The answer was, Franklin
my. However, the U. S. is not at D. Roosevelt.
Avar, so there is doubt over the Although Intelligence experts Army’s jurisdiction. have stopped making guesses on No final decision has been when Germany would run short of reached, but the consensus of the ^-^w materials they have just pieced legal experts is that any such “pi- together some illuminating informarates” should be turned over to the tion concerning the German potato
Justice Department, supply.
„ .. j j i Several weeks ago Berlin cables
One suggested procedure is that the Nazis he landed at a U. S. port and then jailed by the Justice Department as aliens without passports. But most of the legal authorities contend that the Nazis should be dealt with squarely as buc-
caneers.
A highly significant feature of these undercover deliberations is that the Justice and War Department Avere directed to make their
legal studies quickly.
NOTE: Last week an important War Department official suggested to a Navy official that the Navy give the Army advance notice of any cap-
he’d show us around the place. He took us back stage to start off things. The first thing one notices, back there is a rpaze of ropes run- . ning high up to the ceiling. All of them are counter balanced by heavy weights a-nd they control the back-
drop’s.
Hd'tookfhe cover off a large steel, box, revealing a super light control system Avhich controls about three other switch boards. Thej^ are '^ot exactly playthihgs for amateurs,' and he usually does the swij;ch flipping at m'ost prdductions.-^.e wept through some of the techniques of switch flipping, aricl we mixed colors which suggested sunset, ■ or lights in a cabaret, or moonlight on the campus. Can’t beat fun. Then we meekly suggested that we peek through the holes which first attracted our attention as a freshman. That meant a trek up the many steps to the top, but we Were promptly on our Avay. At the top we entered the little px’ojection room which houses two motion picture projectors which Radio City can only equal. It also contains a. gigantic arc light pointed machine-gun like directly down at the stage. A slit in the wall allows the operator to follow the movements of the actors, with the light, ' Being partially rested now, we climbed the stairway at the side of the projection room and entered the forest of steel frathe'work above the balcony. Half way toward the front there Avas another room. We skipped lightly down to it. Dr. Dittamore held the door open. We asked if we might look through the window. He said surely. And there almost directly below us, but some out in front and far doAvn, was the stage. He was telling us that here was where the public address system was controlled, but we scarcely heard him. We were fascinated by the view we had waited months to see. Then it was all over and we thanked Mr. Dittamore for showing us the place.
/The Malm 3
' m., m.
cf
the
t “Bre I Fir si
Christian Foundation has chosen the cast for its freshman play. Bread,” which will be given. a.t the First Christian Church October 26
at 7 p.m.
From the looks of things the Included in the cast are John Uncaveman type is rampant on ohr derwood, John Stenger, Betty Racampus. Meaning, of course, the der, Theresa Busby, Elizabeth Meinbeautiful shiners several of ' the s-er,'and Mary Gray. Grew meinbers faifffi’ sex ate sporting these days,. are Ruth Pointer, "Madge ' Hulf,
The stories of how they got them Charles May, Avis Flack, Dorothy
range froni the usual “Avalked into Johnson, and Dan Hughes,
a door” yarn to “Tex Kramer’s tale' in the cast for the radio drama
of how a stray pool ball nicked her, to be given over WBAA on Tuesas she was Avalking by the billffird day, October 21, at 7 p.m. are Joy room. Use your own imagination Wampler, Phyllis Thomas, Hubert for the truth. Reynolds, and Dan Hughes, with „Paul Busby as production manager.
Last year it Avas red wool stockings. Noav it’s pig tails. LaVerne Muir of the Kappa Kappa Gamma
social sorority is one of the first'to' . . .■ will have the first of two dintake up this new fashion here at ners in the Home Economics Cafe-“st-yle conscious” Purdue. What will teria tonight at 6 p.m. All members Life think up next? of fjiie University section of the na- ' tional society are invited. Dr. E. R. The other night tAVO Phi Delt Martell, head of the Forestry pledges were comparing notes, on School, will speak on “Reforestatheir dates for Friday night. The tion in the United States.” notes compared perfectly, So per-
fectly, in fact,'that they discovered
they both had a date Avith the one reliable source that it will,be the and only Marge Study. Upon calling “lost terrific extravaganza ever to her-up she graciously agreed to go h't the Purdue-campus. Now you out with both of them. One of the ^^»iow who. the “reliable source” is.
Plant Physiology
TUESDAY 10:00—News 10:10—Gurio Man .10:16—Music ' 10:30r-WBAA Presents l0;4fe—Theatre of Song ll:00'-^“Pi!i'nciples of Sociology” ■' ‘ With Prof. T. K. Noss 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16:—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—Souvenirs 1:30—Betty Wedge—singer 1:46—MuffiV 2:00—A Story a Day 2:16'—Parent Forum 2:30—Virginia Ulr'ey—singer 2:46—Treasure Chest 3:00—News 3:10.—Music 3:16—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-Up 4:00—Tea Time Tunes
IDGERTON H DWE^ IKC HARI>WARE-l»AINTS ah4 SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 -
4i:15-—Haardiin the-Hkllwaafu :; 4:45—Little Miss Muffet , 5;0p—Just Relax i f r 5:1&—Eibploymenb^rvfiee. 6j3!0—Veppers', : 6:46-—Curio Mari , 6:60—NeAWS 6,:0)0—Dirmer Music 6j30--''S^ol'tk,.,. j ■ 6:46—The Magic Carpet •, ,7:00—Religious, Drama, '7:16—Music 7j3p—C,tirolyn; Wood—singer 7:46—Music Without Words - Mildred J»hns.ani. 8:00—Stoty of tbe- O^ora 8;:3P^—Eyentidfi Hchoes , 8:46—Sa'crep Music OrOO—Garl Hedbiirg’s Band 9:30:—Mtisic^ ■■ 9:60:—News' ' 10:06—Off the Air PATRONI'Z^E EXPONENT , ADiypR'EfSEi^.f f.,:
Howevei.', with Janie “with the, cough syrup eyes” Robinson in the ca^, it should be well worth, the
reported an unofficial forecast of this year’s crop at 65,000,000 metric tons. This is about 5,000,000 tons below the record 1940 crop of 70,000,000. That is not so bad, except that these figures, plus others now in the hands of authorities on German potato consumption reveals a situation not disclosed in cable dis-
patches.
For example: The effectiveness of the British blockade in shutting off food imports to Germany has forced the population to depend more and more on potatoes. So much so that potato consumption has risen 75 per cent in the past year,
tives that might have to be taken Further, the consumption increase over. The in.stant reply was, “Hell, has taken place in cities distant Ave already have some.” But when from potato-growing areas. That pressed for details, the Navy man means they have to be hauled fypm shut up. over German railroads and truckD I Cre V' ‘f lines, already heavily burdened
Avith troop and munitions traffic. In-
On his return trip to Washington telligence experts therefore antidthe Duke of Windsor plans to visit pa,fg the Nazis soon may be a nearby CCC camp Avith the idea faced Avith the question of whether of establishing a similar one in the to haul potatoes to the cities or muBahamas. The camp selected for his ffitions to the Eastern front, visit will probably be one of the Franked Stone
Many a dull speech and many a
heavy tome have been sent out from Washington, postage free, under
negro units, as the Bahamas popu-
lation is largely negro. J. 3. McEntee, CCC Director,
was much impressed with the Duke’s keen interest when they discussed the CCC in Washington last month. The Duke said he regarded the CCC as an ideal means of accomplishing two social purposes—to get public work done and to give employ-
ment to boys.
One thing Windsor was pai'ticularly interested in was the origin of the CCC and he asked who origi-
the Congressional frank. But the alltime record for weight was broken by isolationist Senator Gerald W. Nye Avhen, under his congressional frank, he mailed a stone. The present Mrs. Nye comes from Iowa Falls, Iowa, arid a zealous lady of a Methodist ^ Church there has been put in charge of making a collection of stones—one from each state and colonial pos.session of the
United States—for the construction of a fireplace in the
church.
So she wrote to Senator Nye and asked if he would contribute a stone from his state of North Dakota. In due time it came—a nice, big boulder, postage free, under Nye’s senatorial frank. Merry-Go-Round In a direct membership election, the American Newspaper Guild has overwhelmingly defeated the leftist clique which for several years has controlled the national offices of the union. The entire group was cleaned out and a militant anti-Red slate elected .... The isolationists aren’t the only ones fighting the lifting of the ban on arming U. S. merchant ships. Three big steamship companies, United Fruit, Grace Lines and Moore-McCormack, her hind the scenes also are opposing this move. They are passing around the word that they are against arming their vessels except in the event of war. The companies claim mounting guns on their ships will be bad for their profitable tourist business .... Flash! “Doc” Townsend, mogul of the old-age pension movement, has revised his $200 a month scheme. In the “Townsend Weekly’' he announced that under the “scientifically - balanced” ToAvnsend' plan “the pension would begin at around $50 a month and increase as natiopal recovery was brought about” .... Thumbnail description of Wisconsin’s ex-Governor Phil LaFollette, by an old political associate: “Like the cute little drum majorette of our high school band, Phil doesn’t give a damn where the procession leads, just so he is lead-
ing it.”
Cordell Hull has a new car, a long sleek limousine, but without eitherradio or heater. Quoted at $2,615 for the retail trade, the car cost the Government only $1,800. Also gas costs only 8 cents a gallon (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
gallant felloAvs backed out, hoAvever, making everything hunkydory. BUT, the hoy Avho finally Won
the raffle had to go home for the P^'ce of admission,
week-end leaving our gal Marge without a date! But the never-say-die Phi Delts crashed through Avith the ansAver to the problem: ol’ “ace-in-the-hole” Carl Tafel. Noav, everyone’s happyincluding Bill Lamb. It could only happen here.
The ATO’s afe on me Avell knoAvn
list of several.of the sororities these days. After being serenaded by no less than throe bcA'ies of lieauties, the Pi Phi’s Avere the only ones to receive flower.s as a thank you ges-
tui’e. Guess they just rate. The neAVS has leaked out that Tau
Beta Pi (or Independent Oi'der of Brains)" was unable to get any pledges this semester. Why don’t you have the boys go through rush, Wood? It’s the rage these days. Or you .could use the old fraternity method of baseball bat and rubber
hose. ■
As rehearsals roar along for the Union ShoAV aa'o hear from a very
UlMlfgTffi
filVuiusL £xpomnL
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1163, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. Editar-in-Chief.... Ned A. Ochiltree Sports Staff New# iEfditor .... John JLi. TrauRott Editor ;Phil C* Johnuon Uueiheeii Manager.... Don S. Powers Associate Editors: O. T. Ciark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Publication Staff
Managing Editor Leland W. Ituffner Aasociate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. fif. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, B. h. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper.
Business Staff
Loeai Advertising Managers: K. K. G jemre, E. E. Saxton ; OiiHsulation Manager: W. T. Bclj; Accounts Manager: W.
D. Millard. Co-ed Staff
— Ruth Rom Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane RamsdeJl.
AlhAijnerican 1940-'41
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue .
Night Editor:'Armstrong Issue Editor: Eberts Day EditorChat Sports Editor: Keeler Reporters: Cy Wilbur, R. Ford. P. Stenburg, P. Kimbreil, K. A, Klosson, G. W. Starr, E. Shereii, E. Stone,' H. Eckstein, H. J. Larer, D. L, Glaspie, D. E. Brewer, R, AV, Kreiger,
W. H. CasBudy, ,S. A. Watson.
No Cramming Necessaryl For swell flavor and real chewing fun-the answer is delicious igley’s Spearmint Gttm
%fueai^,
Purdue:: Expimeni
entries to tit. Baum in instructor’s room Wear ridliiK clothes if you wish to par* prior to 4, p. m., Oct. 15, 1941.' r tieipate. BrirtR cars if you'have one. PractJSiif*. for squads will, take place t.WP • \ . '—CASB hopfs. ly.egk over, a si^c-w.^^k. pprM, Refr VI 'j 'j. , , ' ereqc^jj,Military,, I?,Debaters: All fraternity debate fees due
■WAA Riflery: Call-out Monday, Oct, )b Tblinsday, Oct, Ifi. Schedule % hp IS posle^ in gym, r . —CuBlp
A Letter to tj^e J^itpri
-LAWLEK
.nha; Lanil}^a' Delta:.. Meeting. HueSflay 7:15 in room, 282i'of'the Union. AH' members
■ J „
W»U Lecture kmght
I .AdrtlnK iWaoWnM, Tu^a? OcaW’^a’p. ^.^’ia’uhia^’^CA pleaa. be preecat. Gueat epeakOTa laid, rented, repdired, and purchased. Bfim- Everyone be there I ' \ —MflcDONALD
,, ,, . -gossext. evening at 7:30 Mrs. Gordon
SijMt.MiMk: Important sbprt meeting on ^ \ ^ ^ ilue Thomas,, prominent Lafayette of Enlpn. .pe.,pn. time,. oric Chureh.” Interesting. Be Inhereequestrian, will deliver the second
-'POWEN.
the Cath
Interesting. Be 'Ehereli
, —BlUNJiiiPN;
■WAA Speddhalli:, Practices end this, week. series: of taHts at the fair
Aib^n s' OiHoe, BaWnbi^^Kera an4
44y»si.r». vdffii; CoIjiniMa. St.,
imohey in your waa »peeap,ani:, rraeuces end 'vson- ' ' ~ ~ - - - T--- ^ — for commissions. jy‘ Sign up in the gym, for teams before Sat- RroUnd stahlps She will leetiiro and _ MdllaStudio 215 Doom ,^03. of llnion, . —EpCKWOOD, urday. Practices this Tuesdpy-and Thurs- WOUnO SBaDieS. one Will, lecture ana Slate St .' •■ -f ■ ^it a ' " ► a ‘ n ' lu'' - L n a demonsteate the techniques of •t ■ , —: '■ a • Und,erg,raduatO Dames: Meetmk Octp. 14, ^ yncalf tdssens: For zCr yedrs Iiafayette’s at 7:30 p. m. In, room 261 of the Union. . Pu'rdup Christian EmiPdaDplif resHmph horsemanshin •
, . . association meeting Tueaday everting at 7:15 P*
. gjlte real sipgjng. teagbarA 'Voiee teat free. Mrs,, B,akb Kr^ntz-,W|J1 be guest -speaker association meeting Tues Bd^jard'. W:. Frank., Studio, Eahr Hotel, on Budgets and How. to Keep Them.”' at 131 South Grant St. EfohftidlW,,..,-'. ‘ —'WEftMEB- • 'j.t ' '■ ' ' ' ■" i' : —' Dolphin Club: Meeting Tuesday, .Octi. 1'4 , Paper'Towels: TBo- famous. Nitroc^Buy P-Men:'Meeting Wednesday, October ,:15. at P-WJ, in room 104 of, the Fieldhouse. these for'your washroom and kitchen—Cab- in. room, 304, of the Union. All major and , -—HERR
ihets , free. Paper napkins, toilet papers, minor. Iqttermen, please attend. pjhoRft 7323,. ]^.?05(etw.,,P>;i0.tjng ,;Cq., .-comDD
For the main part the lecture will consist of demonstrations of the proper handling of one’s horse when
Enginaer WorkernTTuesday workers be trotting and cantering in the show
, —^—- sure to report today at i p.m'. Page proof ring. Individual horsemen will il-
Tan Beta Pt: Election Of- members.; will will; he back* —^'V'PUNGBEODD
be held. 'Wednesday, Octoher 16, at .7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. 'Unexcused absentees wil; Ibe subject to, find.
-MUNGRB
,t4^-I Triton, ciab.:. Pledging in Women.’a ,Gym, ;W;.' 1 . i'i v'. • October 14, at 7 ;30. Attendance edmpub
■ ..'•■r 8orjj., G.ir;Ia. who ba.ve not yet passed, memp fice at Adw»Jifiad S||J}Di*y RDidenta,: Will bersbjp tests W’Jl be given a, chance to do Pep ses yolitii’ebbe .leave;>B'hapshots or pictures taken, so Monday, October. 1:3, aiid Tuesday., Oetpr
Otf .liUinhlfOi .MittR jih : Oua^ner,'S; bpg ber, 14, at 4, p. m..
at/AfiboW-W'H Oh oocd-,ip,r , ■^kraepeeien. ex|wiil0h bdntlug Bmoker, RCaVe' name. Soj^hpmore_ Unjpii Workers.:- Meeting, in
lustrate the various techpiques of
Cbed'a: Meeting of all freshmau,' sopho- these twu paces, and' Mrs. Thomas more and Junior women interested, in woricp . ing of Exponent business sta(f Thursday at Will Comment UpoU: the .Style of the 4 in: Exponent office. , -DOWER -
Actii.ities. Leaders: Meeting in Seng rfp
OHNSON Recently Mrs. Thomas took first
7 U.m, session.
Tuesday Oct. 14 to,
-P; C. JC”'
the Uriiph office at 4 :lt, Tuesday, October 14, tOiget, tickets,, for the Hniun: Show, •
. . —G,psSET.T- ,.
Ri Taw Sigma.: Pledge meetings Tuesday,
October 1.4, at 4 :00 in the Beading Room,
Mechanical. Engineering Building,
—GLOOR.
.,JRtfttiy)ea,':;|?!flt«kaa Wi.R .hd^tfi^rnuA
'7—i^ARSpN. •
IV‘1} be held on
Alotia&y., Wednesday) and Friday a1^ 4* and
J(,!«: 4D!W.. . r-^SERBAN Studunts,. dhslrlnff- to, .fire
in. ,the (hiRd nuy.i.de joiathl group, starting mWdayi.jQet. ,2T, may: sign up. .m. the sup?
j^offW of .thp: kriuory nOw,. .-rrrBRpWli, TkWn t. Alt hiemberh. di last year’s
nl.esse report to the Armory
Moildhy, October 13, at A p. m.
■ ..--BROWN; DiaitingHiallied' Gun sgiiad Gomnrtltion. far
15ft.-MM. HpwHaei::, All. j.U.nlprs ate eligible -
Ij^r^-i^triLncew Remade ^wilV consist . p£ two ^Tuesday, Oct. 14, at 906 Norithwestern.
student Senate: Meeting Tuesday,.,Oct. place in the horsemanship class at 1-4, at 7:30 p.m. on the Senate, office. /, . , . •• .'
the round-up held in Indianapolis.
-DIBP3
Alphai Eamhda; Delta,: Be prepared fq. jmy initiation fee at meeting Tuesday, Oct. 14. Pee,34.76. Pins optional $8,75, ' —MacDONA.EP
Ip the same horse show she also won first place in the five-gaited
class'.
Members of the horse back riding classes are to come dressed in their
, Ahdi, B|h^ wphohipwsk, . ,
Junior's desiring;.to eptcr squads present
Msohanic.aJ.'Engineers,:-The .Am.erican Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the gen-
Gold Diggera: tiokefc salesmen: please come eraj office, of the Mechanical, Engineers riding clothes SO they Will be able to a meeting in AWS office Wednesday, building, ' ' —BOLZ' . ... -j.! jOcu 16. at 4; p.m. Bring money. .. . . to experiment With some of the new , , ' -McCQUG.H ^^AW| E^Mutiye^^wdj^Meeting W introduced by Mrs.
,-^MpcULLQCH Thomas.. The public is invited to a,t-
Activities, Bureau,: Gomnuteory meeting fend and- observe this show. p.s. _ . , k——— for Activities Bureau, interviewing Commit?
yWCA: Group meetings at 7:36 p.m-. tee today at 4-p.m. iii Room 212‘df the Un- ■''■■■■ ■
• "■ ■ ' iop, —'THOMPSON
EsPPa Delta Pi: Important meeting in room 302 of the Union at 7 :30 p.m. Tuesday. Oct, 14. —HAYS
.—SWOPE , ^-'-7-^ . ' ,' Oct. 16 and Friday, Oct. 17 between 8 a.m.
—^—- AWS Aotiyitjes Oommittna:: RJeape meet and 6 p.m. in the supply room of the ArGold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday at 6 p.m, ip. AWS office Tuesday^ Oct, 14, at 4. p.m. mory. —BROWN
A \lfO u- xt - ' - aTBif/^XTci
(3i^ Fine Shc>6s (ftOAdwin's Shiae. ^^tore In The Village 3)02 State, .
in AWS office. Fiease be there.
—S.GARFP
Nnwmftn Club Oificers: Meeting/ in room 302 of tbo Union nt 4:30 p.m, Tuesday, Oct. 14’. , , —RUNNION
All. Forensic Managers: Wednesday at 4 p.m.
meet in office —LAWtER
Society of Automotive Engineers: All iperp^ers be present to elect officers Thurs-
PEW Riding Classes; The 3rd required day highit Oct. 16 at 7:30 in Room 302 of lecture will take place Tuesdiiy morning, the Union. -r-ROMAN. Oct., 15* Meet; 4t wonrjen's gym iat 7 :16. From ——r-
there we will go to fair grounds for dem- Military Juniors: Advanced course union.stratipn oj showing* and practical ridings form^ wjJl be ready^for fitting, on, Thursday,
Pur-due Dairy Club: meeting at 7:30.Tuesday in Smith Hall room 108. All students interested; in. dairying are invited. , —BUTLER Nowmaii Club: there will be a meeting of all those interested in working of decorations for our Barnyardi Frolic in Room 236 of the Union at .4, p.h!i. Thursday. Please be there. —BARR
Dear Sirs:: * ■ TPv B,egin ifrith, this letter does not have ,the authorization of Mr, Ai’huckle. It is not my wish to attack the policy of the Exponent or say anything that will antagonize the Exponent staff in defense of Gary Club and its activities. But, under the circumstances, there are certain things which have to be said and Will undoubtedly cause animosity between the men of Gary Club and the Purdue fraternities. Such a situation is deplorable but since this appears to be an “all, out” affair, I am forced' to use these tactics. • Bi^ Aad UQweiMx Gary Glub is big. Because of this fact, it is also unweildly. We have cooperation; however, we cannot be responsible for the individual activity of bur members to the extent that we police them, A recent editorial in the Exponent accused the Glub of" hazing its freshmen members. The accusation is justified’ for one unit , of the Quadrangle only. Other initiations were held in the bther units that in no way resembled, the methods emjjloyed by the fraternities to accomplish the same purpose: we too have obstinate freshmen who just won’t wear their Pots. That is a fact. To tell the truth, they expected' harder treatment than they got. That is also a fact. As for those men who resorted to the paddle: they did so in direct defiance of an order published by Mr. Arbuckle to that effect. Our new rules are designed to give the new students some school spirit and it seems that the Glub as a whole has supported: all pep sessions, and .football practices as well as the fraternities. We must have something
good-or it wouldn’t have^ the approval of our faculty advisers. This unit is 100% Purdue and’ intends to stay that way' despite those who would ridicule our efforts to make the Men’s B.esidence Halls the best unit of school spirit and attractive to prospective students, • Is There A Difference? There is naturally a feeling oiT animosity between the men of Gary halls and. the fraternities. Such, an atmosphere is good for a person’s sense of fight and drive. But when it reached the point at whibh bhe felt superior to the other because .... because of what we would like to knoAy? Men are men atidfete constantly looking for a vent for their pent up emotions. It is truly a gbod thing that all our lives are not made public. Gan you find any difference between the men of Gary Glub and those in fraternities ? I know there is' no difference; you know it too but any action becomes horrible when the harpies have had the chance to spread it and interpret it in their own manner. I know as well' as you that the men of Gary Glub have their blow-outs but what happens. It is spread across the editorial page like a storm ■warning. But the very things that we are condemned for are the things that the fraternities revel in. What about the one o’clock parties. Surely they go past the point of being ini-
tiations.
9 Cliques And Politics Past residents of the. club have treated it as the place they were unfortunate enough to be interned in before the glorious day when they would be admitted to, a fraternity. With such an outlook they cared not
,kii.
fIKT CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Service belongs .wherever smart crowds gather? S four Glpthes Crown Cleaned Regularly
ATTENTION STQEIB C^NIRS SELF DEFENSE is HOME DEFUSE Protect yourself by purchasing High Heat, Low Ash, Trouble Free, Econo.mL cal Deep Vein Stoker Coal. -^GUARANTEE-^ Deep Vein coals are guaranteed to give complete satisfaction by us and Deep Vein Coal Company; or coal removed ami value of unused portion cheerfully refunded. The Guarantee Itself Merits a Trial Ton Today Indiana Deep Vein 10 mesh Tr. Stoker — —.$5.50 Indiana Deep Vein 3x2 Range...— .————.$6.00 Indiana Deep Vein 6x3 Egg....—.... ?..... $6-25 Indiana Deep Vein 6" Lump $6.50 NORTH STAR COAL
Phon,e 2405
308 Brown St.
>i\
TO LET
. , . Not by writing, for no-one
Send a put>scdption of the PURDUE EXPONENT To^ay
whether they hroW serenade or ripped up the Qtiad' rangle in the jtefnre a>ff3tma.ff b’rav/l. Why *> the (mgapjizDtfpiwsUt the double-cross on the Hadls^ 'If our residents are so hoorisH i^!$ generally distasteful how can the]it bear the thought of coming Ovei' here for pledges^ it looks fanny to me. Are the frat’s infalihlfe Oatr wardly yes ,... W their evils neyec; hit the press. What about the fraternity presidents who complained of the clicks in their owii house which they were powerless to stop, (For the sororities: what about the crooked politics that almost kepi t^e Kappas from having an entrant in last year’s beauty edn-
test?)
•We'll Be The Besf We are making an effort to improve those things that the organ-? ized men of this campus find fault with. Not because they find fault and we consider it as such, but, we are determined to make this the best housing unit on campus. How; many houses compare with the halls in the line of purely material things? I have seen plenty of run down furniture in fraternities and ours, even in the oldest nnits, still has some of the original stuffing. There is ho training involved when a man is forced to join some activity for the honor of Rho Dammit Rho. We join the ones we please and anyone can see That we have been rather successful:; except ,ih those activities where organized men hold the reins, qualified: or not. We do our share whenever w:e are ne.eded;. And its a damn .gdjod thing we were around' a few nights ago when the victory Bell almost got away. We had to save that so the Gimlets could ring it before ‘ the games are over. • Don'i* Try To Hide Do not judge the whole quad by the things that I have said. Yes, I am a bit screwy but you would put up a hell of a stink too if someone started to run down th^ thing that you have been working to build upl Face the situation from an unbiased standpoint and see the picture i'b presents. The improvement of any part of the University is an improvement for the whole. Please don’t endorse or fight a thing until you know what it is all about, i would like to see this in the Ex-. ponent; not verba turn necessarily, but at least in content. If we: are going to put this issue to the test, let’s do it with, an equal chance for each side to prove its point. M this is not put in the Exponent i 'will at . least hav^ the satisfaction of know-j ing that the fraternities on this campus have something to hide. That is a moral 'victory in itself. After all, I won’t be here too much longer and I won’t have to labor under the difficulties that have beea unnecessarily imposed upon the Glub. But Purdue will go on long after all the students that are now here have graduated. Let’s give them a better opportunity than we had to improve both socially and scholastically. I hope that every man on the Gary Hall quadrangle feels the same, as I.do on this subject. If they do,, then I endorse this as their sentK ments. If not I have been laboring' under an illusion for two years,, Thank you. ■ Otto E. Schuerman Federafion Of Women Meets Friday In Union Tenth district of Indiana Federation of Women’s Glubs, national women’s service organization, will open their thjrty-first annual meet?? ing at 9 a.m. Friday morning in the* south ballroom of the Union. Prof. H. E. Young of the University agricultural extension service and I. F. W. G. state chairmaU of education, will speak on “Effects of Economic Conditions on theFarm Home.” Dean Mary L. Matthews will deliver an address oW “Youth in a Changing World,” an4 Mrs. Lloyd W. Josselyn will talfc about “Women in Defense.” ^ Mirimba numbers played by Dori is Jean Hamilton, and a trumpet^ trio consisting pf Robert Boncii M,yrwin Anderson, and Donahl F)-'ier, will furnish entertainmepfi foi th^ luncheon at 12:30, aceoref^ in,V to Mrs. K. B. Stewsy;t, presl-i dev.t of the Tippecanoe County di4«$ trict. e.l.s. John A. Bromet . . . of the education anxi psychology department, spoke helo^ a luncheon session of the India^ State Nurses’ Association in Ii^ dianapolis on Thursday. In his a||‘ dress he made suggestions as te how to improve work habits aM, reduce fatigue during workfS hours. ^ patronikeHexponent -
i'-My0^^ iS
4 &
Boilermaker Sports Parade
Tuesday, October IS
Harriers Hold Light V/orkout;
Prepare For Ohio State Meet
^ “I vpant to congratulate you men again,” said Coach Herman Phillips to his cross-country squad at the light warmup which they held on the practice golf course yesterday afternoon. His congratulations and others were given to the harriers, because of their brilliant 24-32 victoiy over the I. U. squad last Saturday morning at Bloomington, Pictures of the team, which is the first Purdue team that has been victorious over I. U. in the last fifteen years, were alsotaken. Coach Phillips also told the squad, ■ ., .
that if they dug in and stuck to the ij^ork they could win the rest of their meets, the Big Ten confeielnce, and be National Champions Buckeyes Next Next week’s meet with Ohio
Freshman Swimmers Bolster Aquatic Team
State at Columbus, was also discussed The meet with the Buckeyes will be the third straight conference meet foi the cross-country cindermen Illinois and Indiana were
Entrants to the All-Campus ciosscountry meet, to be held this afternoon on Intramural Field, should report in the Fieldhouse lobby at 4 p m for their entry numbers deb
the first two conference opponents to fall under the Gold and Black squad and if Ohio State suffers the same consequences next Satuiday morning, Purdue will be well on her way to the Big Ten cross-countiy title.
Kinder Out
The trip to Columbus Saturday Will be made by seven hairiers These are to be determined by the time trials that will be run Wednes day afternoon on the Purdue course Fred Kinder, one of the outstand ing lunners of this year’s squad will be out of the running for at least two weeks it was announced yesterday He IS on the sidelines with an injured foot which he received in the meet at I U Kinder was praised for his performance against I U, however, because of the courage he displayed in finishing the race on a very painful arch Chances Good At O S. U. With only one injury man mg the foster, which is formed around Captain Ed Holderman, chances for victory over Ohio State look very piomismg The Buckeye couise is a three and a half mile trip over flats and small hills The course at Columbus IS similar to Purdue’s so the Gold and Black hariiers will be right at home in these surioundings saw
With the 1941-42 Boilermaker tank squad shaping into probably the stiongest in history, Coach Papenguth has been turning his attention to a galaxy of powerful yearling swimmers This strong group of freshman understudys adds to a well balanced varsity team which mentor Papenguth feels will “go places’’ in Big Ten competition this year Frosh Promising Not only does the outstanding varsity team, boasting Carney, Kratzei, Hen, LaBaw, Lake, and Smith, as stars, occupy the limelight over in the Fieldhouse pool, but around 40 important rhinies also enter into the picture Promising Jack Owens, back stroker from Bedford, Eddie Mills and Sherwood Fifei, local boys with paddling talent, Dick Borner and Eay Nihan, from Eockfoid, Illinois, are some outstanding fiosh who turned in good times during tfie past week More Embryo Stars Jim Holderman, diver from Chicago, Dick Hoetger, a sprint star, also from the Windy City, and Bill Dunn, Toledo back stroke artist, also have shown up well under Papenguth’s tutelage Other promising fieshman swimming aspirants have been going through lengthy practice sessions nightly and compose what Papenguth feels is one of the best fieshman crops yet deb
'Wheels Across Africa'
Since 1696, Harvard University has offered a $500 scholarship for an Englishman or Indian from “Petaquamscot in the Narragansett country otherwise called King’s Province.”
“Wheels Across Africa,” a film, will be shown in the Tower Eoom of the Union tomorrow night at 7 p in Beadwork and carved objects from native Africa will be on display There will be no admission chaige and eveiyone interested is welcome to attend c j w
(^vetiina
amoiit'
Be the hit of the evening in a lovely formal from THE FASHION $12.98 others to $29.98
Evening Wraps $10.95 to $25 00
‘^LOOK TO .
for more style at less cost**
The Sports Gestapo
by Phil Johnson
All-American Band Has Bag Of Tricks For Ohio State Fans
Riveters Open Last Week
Of Drills For Ohio State
That's Real College Stuff
ONE OP the greatest source's of merriment and good times at any college IS derived from trips to football games in foreign cities with a gang of fellow students This is one side of college life that has been sadly neglected for a great many years on the Boilermaker campus Fewer Boilermaker students follow the team than most of the opposing schools we play. IN VIEW of this lack of opportunity the PAG under the leadership of President Dick Eaney drew up a swell plan to organize a “Victory Caravan” to allow as many students as wish to make the trip to Saturday’s game at a very reasonable price '
• A Swell Party Town
A LOT of things tend to make this a very successful arrangement Besides seeing a grand football game in one of the most colorful settings in the nation, the game is being played in one of the bast towns to mak^ whoopee in the mid west Just ask any of the" has beens who saw the gam^ there last year Anyone that can’t have a good time in Columbus would have to be deaf, dumb, and blind. LET’S ALL get in the spirit of the thing and give it ihe big boost Should it prove successful it is more than likely that the University will be glad to sanction similar excursions for future occasions.
• DeCorrevanf- Ain't Bad
WE SAW Northwestern put on the bee on Wisconsin Saturday Boy, what a slaughter As is usually the case, the score certainly doesn’t show the relative strength of the two teams In fact, the Badgers showed signs of brilliance several times during the battle (pr rout) WE’VE BEEN reading about this DeCorrevant guy for so Ipng he’s kind of like a legend to us That is until Saturday Then he was the real McCoy He carried one punt back for 49 yards through the entire Wisconsin team without being touched, a beautiful run.
• Graham Ain't Bad, Either
DeCOEEEVANT had a hard time stealing the show, however, due to the perfoimance of a 170 pound halfback by the name of Graham This sophomore flash is supposed to be able to run the 100 yard dash in ten seconds flat with full unifoim We believe it, too, after he made a pair of touchdowns look about as easy as cutting hot butter
• Track Meet
Noithwestern has a couple of kicking specialists, one for kick offs and one for kicks after touchdowns They made so many scores they nearly ran these guys silly running on and off the field
By Don Brewer John Whyman, Boilermaker drum major, will be aiming a,t the clouds with his baton throwing capers over in the Buckeye stadium at Columbus, Saturday, when Director 5 Emrick presents the rdal “AllAmerican” band before the giidiron fans present for the Ohio StateEiveter clash Whyman, master in sky-high tosses, will lead the Gold and Black 170 piece band in unique formations, which, according to “Spots” Emrick, will make the Ohio bandsmen “take notice ” The half-time formations at Columbus are something new that the band master has pulled out of the hat and will be mainly a tribute to the Buckeyes. Emrick Originates Move It wasn’t long ago that Emrick, director of University bands since 1906, originated the alphabetical marching formations and nightlighted drills, and what it is this time nobody knows, except probably Emrick and his “All-Ameri-cans ” The band is unique in the fact that it possesses the largest glockenspiel section of any band in the country, along with 10 sousaphones and six Scotch drums in an 18-piece percussion section Members of the band are somewhat aroused by the fact that they will be getting up long before the sun in order to catch a special tiain 6 o’clock Saturday morning This will get them into the Ohio capital just in time for a short appearance before the kickoff Emrick’s mam atti action will be staged between halves, and following the game the musicians will have dinner at the Deshler-Wallick Hotel before i eturmng to Lafayette sometime around midnight deb
Under the watchful eye of some 200 interested Boilermaker students Mai Elward’s charges began their last week of practice for their opening Big Ten encounter with Ohio State next Saturday. With punting taking the spotlight during the early part of the session, the Riveters looked to be rounding into shape very well as the State game nea'red.
Yesterday’s drill got under way
with punting and passing and where the success they had against chai ging by the linemen Smock and Southern California when they triChester were getting away long umphed 33-0 w h c
punts with ^reat consistency while
three varsity teams ran thiough « . Tl|p4a Di Virtnr'iniK plays Mai Elward then called the DCla inCm Tl VIllUIIUUA squad together for scrimmage i i < r i t* tt Several Back In Lineup 111 IniBr-rraiBrility UOlf
IM Schedules
TOUCHBALL Tuesday October 14
FIELD
1 Theta Tau vs Phi Delta Theta
L R Jewett
2 Delta Chi vs Delta TJpsilon
Burghardt
3 Theta Chi vs Delta Tau Delta
J Zehrmg
4 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Pi
R K Lane
Phi Kappa vs Phi Sigma Kappa
C Rafferty
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi
H Olds
Phi Kappa Psi vs Pi Kappa Phi B Barman
6
A 1 vs B 4 B 1 vs C 4 C 1 vs D 4 D 1 vs E 4 E 1 vs F 4 r 1 vs S 4 S 1 vs H 4 H 2 vs H 3 A 2 vs A 3 B 2 vs B 3 C 2 vs C 3 D 2 vs D 3 E 2 vs E 3 F 2 vs F 3 S 2 vs S 3 Ward 1 vs Ward 28 Ward 21 vs Ward 25 Ward 38 vs Ward 27
13
TENNIS
Tuesday October 14
COURT i
11 Eden vs Dudzinsky or Kraybill (Soph) 12 Gibbon Vb Wells or Ferry
Collins vs Schaaf (Jr ) Walsh vs Sells or Ross
Roth vs Mees or R R Kraybill
Hutchins vs Tormohlen
Eden vs Cohen (All Campus) Voth vs Rodgers (Freshmen) Crofts vs Witsman oi Stallings
Daley vs Pavis or Olmsted
Dyer vs Neisler
Sevei al of the Eiveters who were hit by injuries recently were hack in the light scrimmage yesterday. Eush, who had a bad hip, was back at end as was sophomoie Barry Frenck who had been the victim of a leg injury “Jarrm’ John” Petty did not get into a uniform last night but his knee seems to be responding to treatment satisfactor-
ily
Carter, Leugo Work Out “Eed” Carter did not put on any pads but took a light workout as did Alex Luego, the regular center Wes Stevens, who became the victim of the fiist seiious injuiy this season, a tackle shoulder, is back m uniform and is taking pait in the legulai scrimmages The most lecent catastrophe in the Boilermaker ranks, the injury of Johnny Galvin, halfback, has caused considerable speculation as to when he will return to the lineup The most recent reports say that Johnny cracked a cheek bone m addition to the cut over his eye Determination Keynotes Drills Despite the rather staggering injury roll of the Eiveters, there is no pessimism as to the coming game Because of the last second defeat at Columbus last year there IS more than ever a feeling of deter - minatioh to win Saturday’s tilt No predictions are being made by the Purdue coaching staff but it seems sure that Ohio State will come no-
Beta Theta Pi emerged as the winner of the inter-fraternity golf tournament when they defeated 'Theta Tau in the final which was held on Sunday afternoon. Poston, Wiske, and Hoffmon, who represented the victorious Betas, were matched with Stafne, Wegllnski, and Knotes The championship was awarded to the team which Was able to annex a majority of the possible total of nine points The final was germinated prior to its completion when Poston accounted for thiee points by defeating Knotes, and Wiske received two points when he scored a victory over his opponent This total of five points made it unnecessary for Holfmon to pair off with his scheduled opponent, and the Betas were immediately cioVned champions of the inter-fia-ternity links tournament r w k.
Dean G. L Jenkins
of the Univeisity School of Pharmacy and Pi of Walter H. Haitung of the University of Maryland have 1 ecently published a book, “The ChemistiV of Organic and Medical Products ” The book was wiitten for students who have had basic couises in chemistry and who aie inteiested in the chemistry of medicinal and related products It is published by John S Swift Co, St Louis
18
20
SOFTBALL Tuesday, October 14 DIAMOND 1 H 1 vs A 4
ALL CAMPUS BADMINTON _ Tuesday October 14 COURT 4 00- p Yn 1 F Clark vs G Siener 2 G H Grjner vs C W Showalter 4 35 p m 1 P Meinzer vs J G Belury 2 K Wonnell vs W Knobby
ALL CAMPUS GOLF Tuesday October 14 Busher vs Mansfteld or Sprague Coombs vs Hoffer or Kitts Laddon or Hudson vs Hoffman or Hal Roberts Johnson vs Stafne or Kerns or Reniger Shcad or Shelby vs Ochiltree oi Bob Smith
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vi Northwestern Ave Phone, 4965
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
TIME ON YOUR HANDS ~ GOT NOTHIN’ TO DO?] HEAD FOR THE UNIOlSl YOU’LL SOON FEEL LIKE NEW.
YOU CAN— I BOWL I BROWSE \J \
PUTTER DANCE
EAT
1
\
J/UL fiWtdjUSL TyimujucPL HimmL
'^^The Corner of the CctmpusAnd the Center of Activities’
hesterfield
for a Definitely MILDER COOLER BETTER TASTE 3iYiokers everywhere know you can travel a long way and never find another cigarette that can match Chesterfield for a Milder Cooler Better Taste. It’s Chesterfield’s Right Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos that wins the approval of smokers all over the country. Let the Navy’s choice be your choice ... make your next pack Chesterfield.
Copyright 194L Ljccktt & Myug Touacco Co<,
MVERYWHERB YOU GO
Oil