i
'1
a
. I'-* '>) '■ ' ‘ ‘
a’4.'i
-; f':
4
’"i rs,r
t,
<* u
NOTRC DAME, Washington Loom As Powerful Foes
Establishsd 1889
xfiOHe^
liCERRY-CtO^iUliWia: Points Out /^|or IESOP’
Cyt Throat Battles
Valume 55, No. 63
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December tf^ ''" miM^rn
Boilermakers Trounce Bulldog Quintet 44 To 35
fiil V. McNutt Indicates University Will Confer
I f* i T Ai n Delegates To Get New Power Jomorrow In Union
Bflhtt Will Work With Setr^taries
714 Degrees Sunday
Anderson Sparks Second Period Rally As Riveters Net 25 Points To Butler's 5
0f War, Navy On Maiipowei
A total of 31 candidates will run 'in the semester elections in the Student Senate tomorrow when the
, ^ ,, campus polls for its representatives ,r'l?0cent information from Paul V. McNutt, Chairman of the in the organization. Sixteen posiWjkv Mant)Ower Commission, indicated that President of the available, with Senate tfhiversity. Dr. E. C. Elliott, has been entrusted with responsi- being open from 8 a. m. until
bmty for all College training to be given to men in the armed union, forces. As Chief of the Professional and Technical Employnlei^t and Training Division of the Manpower Commission, Nllibtt will work with the Sec-
fetary of War and the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
, According to President koosevClt’s Executive Order fiictending the authority and fpiKjtions of the Manpower Commissipn, ^illiott will set up plans and regulations for all armed forces’ ttairiing programs. Plans and schedules for such training, to be formulated by the Secretary of War and the Seex'etary of the Navy, will be
subject to Elliott’s regulations. He the winter
Paul G. Miller, president of the Senate, has announced that with inci’eased responsibilities falling on the Senate, these representative positions will hold great importance in the very near future. Passports will be required for voting and all students are urged to vote for the representative for their school and
class.
To Elect Four Sophs
Four sophomore-engineer repre- pue to a lack of time for print-
In response to a number of en- sentatives will be elected. Other distribution of the 1942 Debris quiries. Ticket Manager C. S. “Pop” schools represented will be: EE, semester will be limited to Doan announced last night that stu- ME, CE, PSE, and T&IE, combined; seniors, it was recently announced dents who enroll in the University Ph and PE; Sc and HE. the Debris staff. Others who
Below are listed the candidates have purchased a copy will receive
No Baccalaureate On Program Of 67th Graduation Exercises
Over seven hundred degrees will be conferred next Sunday, December 20, in the sixty-seventh graduation held at the University. These, in addition to the traditional spring graduates, will swell the total of this year’s graduating seniors to well over 2,000, it was announced by Registrar R. B. Stone today. There will be 714 candidates for Bachelor degrees at the second commencement of the year. Because of the speeded up war-time academic calendar of
By Joe Dawson, Exponent Spojrts Editor
Overcoming a seven-point lead which the Bulldogs held &xtly in the second half. Piggy Lambert’s battling BoilermilkekB suddenly came to life to romp oVer a scrappy Butler tealot by a final score of 44-36. Red Anderson, Riveter forward' arid smallest man on the floor, led the second period rally netted a total of 25 points during the period in which the;BalI<r dog^ scored only five. ' Ragged passing and several missed setup shots by the;R|yeters during the drst h^;en»
'Pop'Doan Announces
Basketball Reserve Ticket Schedules
Seniors To Receive Debris First; Other
Students Later
term after the holi-
fyill also be in charge of the pro- admitted to the home for Senate positions;
gVam for-training of the various re
serve Components.
b^clAI Word Expected Soon Official word conceining action of th^ Manpower board with regard to
this training is expected in the next _
few days. Elliott was forced to cancel R ‘ Visit to the University last week in order to complete plans for
the program.
it next semester. Debris deliveries
basketball games with Great Lakes Sophomore Engineers: Lee Alex- .^^111 begin the afternoon of Dec^m-
and Chicago on a general admission ander, William Blanks, Bill Dingle,
basis upon presentation of properly validated passports, and that exchange of coupons for reseiwed seats for the remaining five home Big Ten games will not be made
R. K. Harrison, Jack Lytle, Dail Nies, Bill Snow, W. F. Valachovic, Judd Year, Donald S. Warner.
Sophomore Home Nelson, Faye Tyler.
Sophomore Science: Jeanne Crane, Carolyn Hyman, Boris Sper-
ber 18 and will continue the following afternoon. Books will be given out until the supply is exhausted.
the University, it will be possible for a student to complete a normal four year course in two years and eight month. The Mechanical Engineering School leads wifh 195 candidates for degrees. Following in second place, the Science School has 93 candidates. The next three are as follows: Home Economics School, 84; Chemical Engineering School, 83; and Agriculture with 81 degrees. Next is the Electrical Engineering School with 70 bachelor degrees. Those with fewer candidates are as follows: Pharmacy, 29; Civil Engineering, 24; Metallurgical Engineering, 23; Public Seiwice Engi-
Slage, Stump, Studio
Will Hold
Tomorrow Night
Banquet
In order to honor the departing seniors and welcome the new members of the three organizations, the Stage, Stump and Studio annual
banquet will be held tomorrow eve- „ . , j rr j x, . x • r- xi,- T XT 11 • wr X a ^-4 lead. Kennedy Hidn brought
ning in Cynthia Jones Hall in West Lafayette. The banquet is scheduled to start at 6 p. m. and will prob-
abled Butler to hold its .Ie^ Had the Boilermakers sbovvit any of the form in this drat riod which was so prevtll^t throughout the Wabash last Thursday, the filiaL otTfCcune would have been mudh differeh"^'*
Menke Takes Tip
At the opening whistle, Gaptaia A1 Menke took the tip fIcpm Butlei^s giant Glen Miller. Within th*; fiwt five minutes, the Bulldogs ^sbliN^
ably last until ^ or 8:30. The three groups, debaters, WBAA and Playshop, will award keys for participa-
the count to 7-6, but Weaver^CRUued a long one to maintain the point lead. Rapid-fire bask^.^by Anderson and Ehlers kept the’.KiV* eters in the running. , . '. -
With about five
tmn to their members, however, ^ there will be no program awards as ^
the ^resident, stated yesterday that 'Vvord of Elliott’s work may reach the tlhlversity before the end of the tyeok. The President’s talk, scheduled Friday morning, will undoubtedly include information regarding the potentialities of the new plan.
Sophomore Pharmacy and PE:
Soph Ag: Wally Cook.
Junior Chem and Met: H. E. Carl-
The exchange of coupons for seats for the five home Big Ten off.
. -x r. tr 1 • X X X foi’ which seats will be re- Pharmacy And PE
served will be made on the follow-
ing schdeule:
Jan. 11—Senioi-s. Jan. 12—Juniors. Jan. 13—Sophomores. Jan. 14—Freshmen. The home games for which all student seats will be rosciwed include the two-game stand against Ohio State on Jan. 23-26; the Iowa game Feb. 20; the Wisconsin game Feb. 27 and the Indiana finale Mar.
1.
neering, 13; Forestry, 10; Physical
Ec- Leiehn distributed Education, 8; and Trade and Industo seniors prior to the end of the trial Education, 1. In addition to the semester will be mailed to their di- Bachelor degrees, there will be 33
rectory address. In ease of a change of this address the Debris office should be notified sometime this week. This will also apply to those underclassmen who will not retui-n
formerly. This, of course, is in keeping with the all-out war effort.
Bulldog dfefense wide oppn And Me
™. . X 11 u j II j x '^P gable at 16 The banquet will be followed_by a then put the Boilefetb,*-
Charlea Albritton, Bill McCullough, to the University next semester.
All students who expect to have
candidates for advanced degrees.
Degrees Top 2,000 Mark
Last January there were 94 Bachelor and 23 advanced degrees conferred. In another graduation last May there were 962 Bachelor degrees and 94 advanced degrees. In
short program probably consisting of skits and humorous readings by
various members. Tri-Anpnal Banquets
Stage, Stump and Studio’s banquet has been held annually in the
ers in the lead for tlee first
the game by scoring a free ttom.
Sends First Five Back Ip . , • Coaches Pop Heddon and If&tlt Floyd at this time sent the
their Debris mailed to them must ^^gust 160 *Bachelor and 49 ad-
Winning Howitzer Squads To Receive Awards And Merits
Prof. F. R. Eastwood
Junior Medhanical Eng: Bob Anderson, Bob Galatin, Dave Fox. Junior EE; Gordon Bartage, Bill
Kennedy, Paul Seybert.
Junior Civil Eng: Milford M.
Cheney, Marty Gwosdow. Junior Sci: Jack McKinzic.
Junior HE: Wilma Joan Palmer.
A
Juiiioi Ag: Vernon Singleton. Junior'Pharmacy: Ray Nihan.
Citations, medahs and meritb will be atvarded to the memberb of the winning squads in the 1942 fall term distipguished howitzer squad competition. Members of the winning squad, headed by A. J. Hermann and K. E. Gilbert, junior cadet of-ficci-s, will be given one distinguished gun squad modal and one
citation.
Members of winning squad number six arc H. E. Carl&on, R. H. Kroqplin, H. W. Kaak, F. E. Sines, T.'B. Lush, W. J. Heinze, W. C. Perrin, B. C. Olmsted and II. F. Miller. Squad number two, which placed sfcGond in the competition, consisted of S. Anton and E. F. Rydcn, junior
... of the department of physical education fdr men, spoke before National AAU convention in Chicago yesterday on the subject on Industrial recreation developments in connection ivith the War Effort.
Exponent JuniorSenior Board
Meeting this afternoon at 1 in Agricultural Experiment Station.
make sure that all payments have been completed. No books will be mailed until payments have been made. It will be necessary for seniors to present theii sales receipt or passport in order to obtain the
Debris.
A limited number of copies will be available next semester for the price of $6.00. Students who arc intcrc.stcd may sign a preference list in the office. OHuc Open Every Aflenioon The Debris bu.sincss office will be open eveiy afternoon this week fiom four p. m. to five-thirty p. m. in order foi students to make necessary arrangements and payments.
vanced degrees wei'e conferred. These, with those to be confen-ed (See COMMENCEMENT, page 4)
Senior Announcement
past, but in the future, it will be first five back into the contest held three times a year in order to ^ short rest. Harold Miller s^-^ob keep up with the accelerated pro- Eletcher quickly put Butler gram of the University. the lead which they held at Awards To Be Presented 23 to 18. ^ According to George Zissis, any- At the start of the second hRlft one who participates in any of the Captain Fred Hunckler pushed'in thi’ee fields js welcome at the ban- his first basket of the ganie to send quet. Betsey Gray is in charge of the Bulldogs farther ahesA At this tickets. All awards of the three or- Point the Riveter quintet took c6tA-
ganizations will be pre8ented.\
Senior invitations and announcements will be distributed through the Student Senate office from 1 to 5:30 p. m. today instead of through the book stores as originally planned. Be sure to bring the duplicate order blank. —R. W. HARDIN
Pay
The Fine
It's Inevitable
Students of all ages and feizes jammed the Executive Building yesterday, but they all had one o^ two
plete control of the situatioq and literally shoved the Bulldogs all ovpr the floor. Menke started things rolling with a nice tip-in to bring the
count to 20-26.
Ehlers Through the Line Ehlers, on a quick opening play carried the ball through the Sutler defense for a lay-up shot. Huold Miller kept the dying Bulldog fi&liae
objects in mind. They were either “Hve a little longer by slopping in a
Coeds By The Pound . , . Eds Suffer; Dates Weight Will Determine At PIA Winter Dance In Union Friday
Gate Night
fcxecutivos; E. D. Bo.ston, W. B. prewer, G. E. Davis, C. E. Millci, J. F. Kchl, K. K. Kegcricib, B. G. Hiitmon, J. F. Hunt, and R. B. Shapk. In third place with one citation cftch were 0. J. Gordon and P. t). Hess, junioi executive.';; T. B. Bodimer, R. F. Dree.-., D. L Caublc, C/H. Phillips, W. G. Simpson, G. E. Schiii'dt, D. 0. Ncidigh, J. S.
Pijoscus, and F. M. Cooper. Twelve merits wci c awarded to
fcach executive and member of each
of the nine competing squad.s.
Agriculturalist Will Hold Soph,
Froshman Callout
Freshman and sophomoie students in the School of Agriculture arc invited to attend a callout foi' .Agriculturalist stafl' workers tomorrow at 4 p. m. in lOom 118, Ag Hall. Departmental manageis of the Agriculturalist will be there at that time to explain the functions and duties of ihe va^i-imis^jiorlions of the magazjne’s staff. The Agriculturalist is a monlhly magazine published by University Ag students concerning the latest developments in fai ming. The jiublication lias a circulation of about 1300 and is sent to the various army camps for the benefit of giaduates of the University who aie now in the'ai'mecl services.
By Jim Tilton When that massive maestro of mirth and melody, Tiny Hill, rolls into the Union Friday night lor the Purdue Independent Association’s Winter Dance in both balhooms, he will find that his own widely publicized avoirdupois has been eiven some Veiy clever overtones by the PIA dance committee. We have it on the best aullioiity that the price of admission toit nonmcmbei coup'es.will be based on the weight of tlje coed. Theie will be a scale at the door upon which the ed will w'eigh his date, paying one cent a pound tq the neaiest nickel plus ten cents tax. This plan cancels the sale of tickets foimerly announced at $1.10Weigh More Than Tiny If Johnny “Five by Five” happens to have a date with “Two Ton Tessic” he wdll be in luck, as any couple with a combined weight greater than Tiny Hill’s will be admitted free. By way of making those coeds wdio are asked to tip the scales a little more enthusiastic about the procedure, prizes will bo aw'urded to the lightest and heaviest bit of feminine pulchritude. All this, of course, is in complete accord with the build-iq) wdiich is 'I’iny Hill’s stock-in-tiadc. Tagging himself “Amdrica’s Biggest Band Leader,” he has acquired an impiessive record of hit performances, and has become known to millions of dance fans from coasl-to-coast by his many outstanding record-
Tiny Hill
man mountain band leader, who will appear at the PIA Winter Dance-Friday-evening, was recently rejected.•— by the army because of his weight He exceeded the maximum weight for his 6 ft 2 in by 138 lbs. "They made a mistake," said the massive maestro, "the army would be getting two men for one "
mgs on Okeh records, His record- Other tunes which are synonymous ing of “Angry” sold over 500,000 w'ith the “Man Mountain of Rolcopies and is still going strong, licking- Rhythm” aie “Don’t Let
Julia Fool Ya,” “Two Ton Tessic,” and “Knoo Deep in Daisies.” Tinj Won’t Be Drafted It appears that dance fans won’t have to sacrifice Tiny to the army for awhile anyway. When he was asked to lepoit for his physical examination (he is 33 and registered at Sullivan, Illinois),'' he was pretty sine that the slight bulge at his mighty waistline would eliminate him from immediate consideration for induction. The examining officei was forced to take Tiny to the nearest coal company’s scales, as the scales he ordinarily used would weigh only up to three hundred pounds. Accoiding to the army tables ho was 148 pounds overweight. But Tiny tniiiKs tlie aimy made a mistake in rejecting him. “I’m a bargain,” he chuckles. “Why they could get two men for the price of one.” Light Eater In spite of all evidence to the contrary. Tiny insists he is a light cater. According to Tiny, his breakfast consists of one w'hole grapefruit, four eggs, ininimei-able pieces of- bacon or sausage, cereal, three or four cups of coffee and rolls . . . after that he usually strolls dow'ii to the corner drug store for a malted milk or two. As a final addition to the evening’s program, the PIA officers for the coining semester will be announced during the course of the dance.
paying the five dollar fine that the Dean of Men’s office has been passing out so liberally for absences incurred by students at the last penalty day. Thanksgiving day; or they were trying to talk the Dean of Men out of the fine. In both cases, the Dean's office w'as ovei-run by the University student who is traditionally always out to save a dollar even at the inconvenience of the faculty. The figures for the number of complaints and rejections, and the number of students who willingly paid their fines have not been released, but it is reported that the University will be able to take care of the Dean’s paper supply until yellow slips come out next semester.
Horticuiture Society Will Meet Tomorrow
Purdue(44) Kerchival, f
James Ingram, a senior in olco-
culture, will speak on the subject of high amounts of phosphoric acid for tomato growing tomorrow evening at the regular meeting of the
University Horticulture Society, Fj-jend f wffiich will be held at 7:30 in room Kennedy f 117 of the Horticulture building. Anderson f Another feature of the progi'am Biddle f ' will be a demonstration on sweet Menke" c
potato production to be given by Wayne Ennev and Herbert Young. It has been pointed out by Prof. Sti^ir of the Horticulture department that this demonstration will be of special interest to all students preparing themselves in the field
of Agricultural Education.
one-hand shot to bring the ^ddte'to 27-22. Like a shot 6ut of a csnnotiir little Red Anderson then - canxR through for two quick baskets. , Menke added another, afterwhlcll Miller again scored, making count 29-28 in favor of the Bulldogs. Anderson took over at this pqiilt> to put the Riveters in the lea4 b^^ a three-point margin. Weaver dropped in a free throw, but Menke followed with a tip-in shot to raise the lead to 34-30. As if he hadn’t alreR^ done enough, Anderson sent anothdr one-hander through, followed by, a long shot from the side by Ketelii-
val.
Friend Scores
Duffy Friend brought the score up to 40-30 with a shot from direidly in front of the basket. Biddlfradd Lawson’s points were offset tlitee by Glen Miller. Harold MiUbt scored another basket on a push shot and Biddle completed the scoring for the evening with a free thtow.
The Summary
FG FT PE TP
Ehlers, g Lawson, g
6 2 2 12 3 7 9 3
Fridays Convocation
President Elliott will speak at the last general convocation of the year Friday, Dec. 18, at 10 a. m. Elliott will explain the latest status of male students in the manpower setup. The entire University body will be excused from classes in order to attend the convocation.
Totals
Butler (35) Fletcher, f Braden, f Weaver, f Koontz, f G. Miller, c
Barroweliffe, c Hunckler, g
Manifold, g
H. Miller, g ,
Tedrow, g
19 6 8 44 FG FT PF TP
1 -0 3
2 1 8 0 5 2 t 9 13 2
Totals
.16 6 12 8S
Free throws missed: Koi’chiytl (3), Ehlers (5)^ Lawson, WRRlfRf, Koontz, Hunckler.
Referee, Nick Keam, umpire, T. R.‘ Smith* LafayettftlPurdue Exponent Oi-ficcs Editorial and Business l^utdiue Manantial Uoian, IHionc 4005 St>arH FieIdKouse Phone 2792 Edito'nl Phone After 10 p m 5377
^■(or Btisln««fl Mannirrr News Editor Managln* Edi or Sbtflit' Adicit sunt Ma lajcr Editor ^ed Editor Coed Bmsiiums B'««cttl>.ve
William C Hoskins Gcthard H Klouman Kobert Boso Inkle Dale E Butz Tames A Petty Joseph S Don son Solly Beall A Jane Keim
" n ' I "'
Publication Staff
Ld tonal SlafT
Aasoeiatc Editors B J Csylon 1 T K cl srd i W H. tvsnn W L Virmlcn M I Sm th
Kdell B Muri hi
GMd.Slsff Ptiilli Mmn M rlli 1 c Rii- s Carolyn Wilb ir
Elaino Ahrens
Sports htsii c S wnrl J A K i n D Shr R Smith
L liltoi C Martin
Business Staff Assistant Adserti me Manoacr J 1 1) Adiectisinir Manopers 1 I I \ n C C J Tnhb Circulation Manager W R cUt n a 1 Accounts Manofter M r\ Dilts
t 1 McCi II m,h
The Purdue Independent
Editor-in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For TKis Issue
NiRfet editor \erniiIion S«or<9 Editor Shr>or
Dav Editor Rig;fr Exporter*; lis
Somm
Issue Editor Stiephenson r \ on Kot D nham Foi ythe
In
Enter I
ette Indi nn un 1 i iVi t and at th j c al r I f i 1103 act f Oct 1 ^ 191 Publi ht 1 n T pda Tl ur la durinff iho vta Ptl r 1 1 cal semester r $^01 nor t vo sem t
r t tl p I tr cc 1 Lafaj C nur a f March 3 18 9 t ip piA) d 1 f r in h ction R tl or r I lanu iv 20 1922 Frida an I Si n las m mine:
1 ^ h carr r for '^17 f-t r a
by n a I for 00 for a
semester or $9 SOV-ftr t vo aen c‘^te
Represented for national advert‘.ini; Iv Nat onal Adverts ing S^rvic Inc Colltpe P blishcrs Repre antativc^s 420
Madison A o Nc \ork N 1
Staff Sgt. Fred M. Adams giaduatt of the Ui ntisity in 1940 ib now bta tioned dt South Plains Aim^ Flying School Upon cotnpletiou of ti uning ii the laigt tioop cauying gliderh bgt Adams will itceive his silvei glidei pilots wings i 1 Winged Comm indo
Russell K. Lindsay
(11 1 instuieto! an 1 tsidei t ol Laiaiette has been c^m i i^-bioned i 1 list I leutenant in the Aimy Forme 1 eehnieal Seigeant I indbaj has been in the Aimj nice 1918 and at the Unneisity binee August 1919 J inds n w ill be stationed it I oi t Thom ib K>
Cadet R. J. Wershing
uUniMIsiti tudeut foi the la t two teaib^has been aettpted into the Aa\j Au Foiec toi pilot tiam W 1 hin l)\(s in P ii igon Ind ind when oi
tog
deitd t) ettiNt (Hiii will lepo t t Filglit sent 1 t kw C t\ Ii
th Nat il Pic
S. Brown
1 imti Ui nti it\ loolball and ha kejiball plaj has leeenth beii ippointcd a kaval Aviation Cadet an 1 li nihleuecl k; the Natal An Station Pensacoia, Pla whcit he will continue hib flight tninfng
Purdue Exponent
damping Down . . . Consideiable campus comment was heaid lecentlv tthen Dean Fied I Goldsmith came out It ith the statement that under no conditions would students be gianted peimission to cut the last few days of classes Students ob3eeted on the giounds that this meant they would ha\e to forfeit a few extra dollais earned in some Chiistmas lush lob at home, or that thej w ould miss one of the early tiains home But the Dean of Men turned a deaf eai, and will continue to do so, not because of a hardening of the heart, but because the Umversity ha^ been pushed far enough M'hcn the Executive Committee gi anted an increase of eight days in the Christmas vacation they weie fullj awaie of the spot in which uni\ ei sities all o\ ei the nation had been placed by the exigencies of wai They knew that draft boards were not at all likely to grant deferment to '■tudents who took a few days off just for then ow n personal convenience And they knew that uinveisities which weie too free with students time would be put on the nation s black list An analysis of figuies concerning college emollment leleased lecently by the Office of Education will show how foitunate Purdue students leally aie since state and publicly conti oiled unueisities ha\e diopped off an a\eiage of 15 9 pei cent Theiefoie the \acation inciease was gi anted to fulfill two demands—that of the students and of the allocatois ol the nation s manpowei Officials of the Uniieisity ha\e pointed out that the Executue Committee will not deal kindh with any student taking extra time off, e\ en if he is w filing to forfeit the five dollar penalty day fee The local diaft boaid, yffiich up until this time has been \ery considerate in giving student defeiment, has cjeaily indicated that they will considei with Oisfaioi any student who deems it necessary to take extia time off The Unneisity has leceued some $86 000 fiom the government foi use by woithy gtudento who cannot find the necLSsaiy funds to continue in school under the acceleiated piogiam When Piesident Elliott communicated with the Umveisitv leeently he gave orders that all classes shall be kept going in full swing until the official beginning of the vacation —w g h
HE mSHMTOK fiHERRY-GO-RWMD liy DREW PEARSON Young Republican discliurag^ By Backstage Political Squabble; Isolation Showdown Inevitable ytASIIINGTOJS;—ifouwg Republicans iikccl ovti the St I ouis GOP meeting hq pointing to vvh it went on behind the scenes as an ilJustiation of the mnoi piobleni the QQP f^ccs if it i to muc^i back so Washington in/19'44 It is tlyc old basic feud between isolationist conseivatives and piogiessive mteiven tionists Actually the feud fl iied up inside the puty sev eial weeks befoie the National Committee meeting when Ewa Whitli GOP committeeman fiom Idaho, began lining up western leadeis foi the Chicago Tub lines isolationist candidate Weinci Schioedei This was what aroused Tied Baker the 34 jear old Seattle joungster who almost won out ovej Schroe dtr Hearing of VVhitlas actmtigs ajid, being dead opposed to an\ GOP backtrack to isolation Baker came east for conferences with WillkiC, j^eih^rt Hoo ver Gdvernor Bricker and Senator McNary His pro posal was to unite behind Oregon s National Commit tceman, Rafpb Cal^e Im the end Bakei so impiessed leadeis with his ow n enthusiasm and organiring ability that they—in eluding Cake^—lined up behind him And when the Cake Baker contingent arrived in, St Uouis they had almost but not quite enough, lotes to stop Schioeder The Schioedei contingent nevei realized this how evei On Saturday befoie the meeting opened they counted 58 votes in then pocket and would not be lieve that any could be taken away Bakei and his nbti non isolationist gioup caucused on Sunday moinmg Even at that tune some of them weie leady to take Haiiison Sp inglci of Iowa as i compiomise but the Schioedei isolationist foiees weie too cocky • Surprise Ballot So when the balloting opened Monday they weie kiiocl ed foi a loop as Baker the young man who c ime out of the west i oiled up 40 votes to Selnocdti s 40 On the second ballot he went ahead to 43 Schioedei diopping to 38 Both sides huddled aftei this and a great crouttoiial meeting took place on the i>art of the non isolationists Some vrere fgr fighting to the bitter end Staunchest backers of hred Baker were Bnd Kelland of \uzo»a Ralph Cake of Oregon Walter Hallanan of West Vu g mo, Mrs Worthington Scranton of Pennsylvania Dan Whetstone of Montana, Sinelair Weeks of Massa chusetts, and Grace RevnpMs of Indiana FinaUj they decided harmony w'as more important tran a cut throat battle and aii-ieed to take the 63 J ear old Spanglei All sides ■’gice howevei that this is mciely ihe poTtpoiiement of the i levitable Soonei oi 1 itei the showdown has to come between the two wings of the Rcpubl c n Paitv An 1 m iny Lelievc that the old i sue whioh lOoc to destioy Woodiow Wilsons peace affcci the 11st wai had best be thicshed out now lalhti than left to 'estc aid de'tioy y peace igieement ifcti till w 1 It IS tl e mo i impoi I uit i si e the GOP h is to t ice ® TafS And Farley W 1 cn Bi,, Jim Faiky m 1 cs liui c s he mal cs ,.i m fo 1 eeps One ueh is the j oun est on of stuineh Reirliblieii Senito Bob 1 ut of 0 i o i th \ i m Fulej does not hav i ^i it ceil in eminon ■v no Hon < Taft has i lobby of <■ Jlo iinjr y* graphs from famous men rrhom he has intei viewed , ell ivmong tftesc aie all the members of the Roostielt cabinet including when he w is Postmastei Geiici il Iim Pailei Most cabinet membeis busi weit polite hut brict withjoung Horace Taft then aged 12 But when hi call d on Iim I arlej Jim engaged him in conversa lion wanted to know how he had started his colltl" tion Horace c\pl lined that he h id ii heiited ti om Ins familj a collection of ill the autographs of the Liiuoln Cabinet ind he wanted to idd the Roosciclt cabinet eers to the list Failtv commended the icR i but addet Hoia i whi don t \ ou mile i stpei ite colke len ot into gi iphs ol men v ou hive i ol inteiviewel peisonill\ Now I get uound a bit in 1 I coul I help \ou—I II sei d V ou some Toung Hoi ice was elated But at home his 1 imily suggested th it Ml Fiiki a busv m in might oiget About a month latei howevei 81ven old IIoi ice Tift biothei of the 1 ite Piesulent lait ind in ele f benatoi Pobeit 1 ilt „ot b^ mistal e i lettei om Jim Ft lev enclising some uitogi ih ind iskii how he w IS f ettng alon„ w ti his lew lollccl i Untie Hoi ice sent tl kt(-e on to his l'’>e i !1 nephew • An Able-Bodied Cripple Governor Piene Boisson who has delivered Dakii into U & hands iftei the British tiled foi months to get It IS one ot the most able bodied cripples in the histoij ot I r met B( isson his shrapnel wounds in his bodv onlv one kg and is partially deaf But ho can hear well enough to recogni/t the woids \Uons enl ants dc la pati ic' And this w as the senli incnt which puimptcd him to hand ovei the harbor and airport facilities plus units of the French flee at Dakar Bo) sen tj pifies the I itent spa it ol Fiance no \ i is mg up to tight be ide the USA He is only 48 ye us old V as wounded lepeatedly in Woikl Wii I was taken pi 1 onei sent to Sw itzei land imong the giands blesses <‘-eveielv vvoui ded) Thcic he v is mused bad to health bj i pietty Ficneh giil who tod i\ is Mad vine Boisson Rea'^on Goveino Boisson lesisted the Biitish lice Ficnch ittick ig mist D I a in Septembei 1940 \ is the same icason he had toi capituliting in Decern bci 1942 He believes Ih ii Fi uiee should '-tand uni fied not be bioken into dissident elements Thus he opposed Geneial De Gaulle whom he lelt w is eausin,, i split 111 1 lance and on the othei hind vekomed the Amei leans and quotes oui own motto United vv st incl divided vv e f ill Foi some tune Boisson has woiked closely with U S officials ju Fji luh West At 1C i,^ vv ho checked ill lepoits oi Gtimin letivilv theie It v is tin stion pi( Aim lie in iml uili B itish stnliment ot du Fiencli color I s is csiiic sed Iv Boisson which le ultcd in the dotisi in to land in Ameiic ui i ithei th ui Biitish tl ee m Noith Aiiiei I hough loy il to Pelaiii he icgaids the aged premiii as a piisoiiei ol the (leimans who must be driven out of 1 ranee I ikc Darlan, Boisson butts the British but lu hates the Germans tar more (( pvnj.ht 1912 hv United FeiUiic Sjiulicitc fiu )
GRIN AND BEAR fT
BiiJUir
X
Ch ftgo T n c. In
;pC U S pal Of A R 3.
. >
‘Hon spy lepoit communism sweeping U S—say everybody shaie cat—everybody make $25,000 a yeai ”
University Calendar
Tuesday, December 15
2 50 PM C 00 P M () 30 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 oO P M 7 30 PM 30 P M
7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 P M 8 00 P M ‘8 00 P M
Pin due ii omc n s Club— Newconitis Pai ty C uy Club Senioi Buiquct Math Depaitment Diniiei Aljiba Pin Omeg i Meeting Sgienee Students Chiistiiu Seiencc Cti s Meeting Pu due 1 nesUv C lub
Noith B illioc m Union Cay flail South E 1 iculty Lgc Union Room 304 Union iV Fatultv Lgt Union Room s03 Union Rocm 505 Union ^ iditoinun Iloit Bid
Wednesday, December 16
Va sitv C iiLisUan I cl ovv hip Ml 1 14 Couise Pu ( u Holt Club G ac u e Dames B uig( Gioi Jui e V A. U ii Put
R o 11 O'^ I 1 1 in Rooms J2 oO I Union And to III 11 rfvjit Bldg toom oC U ion 0 1 Cht t lu Rm L n
Orchestra
ice IS pool IS it s
ii ill Open iiilh Caiol Sing The I 10 in w 1 (j cn ill euol bin Toll eJi ous ci otions may be sifiducd but Iheie is I i noimil jicis 1 living who c in L ct into the j)i I ol Chiistmas cuols uid hive i vvh lo ol a ,,00 1 Ime faingin„ them lolowin^ this the
1 mo Ikv of lamil i
music Hie ciehcstii w 1 1 e c 11 ducte 1 11 Is p I ol tl e 1 1 m
1 1 Joseph M I g r ( hoH lo Bing Cautati
The chon vvi 1 siiO;^ 1 oaiRal iiheu the Chit Chdd Cvuiq 1 his inphie is tiv mqdgi mslic Ink it maintains 1, U )s(, q lalities V
which a ( n iti la! lo 11
this sc (soil
All 11 e wl 0 ( i 1 tu It ( ir u 1 to t 1 1 ''Ives 1 1 G^adliatin# Setiiofs I i roi.i(tv u 19 i2 Debts 1 Be, uu the pi ICC has been paid in mil 2 |C hecH fiddicss in the stu dent di ect) y a Hopoit anv change to th
Debus ofhcc
' Pit ent juRi ale ip on Fiidu 0 Satuuhy ittii n lolTH't the Deb u oli ( in (h Lnio 1 BinUliiu 1 It you can not get youi hoop this seincstci it will be mailed to yon All books will be distiibuted a^ soon as they ate icccived until Iht supitly is e\hausli(/
Tuesday, December 15, 1942
Just Looking
5
By Jack Abbott and Jitti Rtcha’dson President Roosevelt’s otdei placing all manpowei, selective set vice and war employment undei the direction of Paul V Me Nutt was a supposed step in the dir'^ction ot claiifying the status of all able-bodied men The situation has not been cleaied up Theie is still as much doubt as befoie to when you will be called, and the only definite step taken was the
statement that oider^d all en
Persomkel Notes
CoWpjanics to visit cimpus Shell Oil Co New Yoik City—
. , 1 , , , Deeembei 15 Intciested in Chcmi IS to take (mathematics, chem- Engineers Chemists (men or
istiv en„in?ciuig ind physics This
lislments m lescive units to be closed Furthermore, McNutt has stated that the beat way in which to lemain in college
istiy en^in'^cung ind phy
might be all light foi some students bu^ tlyeio I le just as many who qie not fitted to take the^'e teehi leul sub jects and would piobably flunk t lem if they weie foictd to tal e them Theie is stil} to be lound gn apiwei to this question and it should be
foithcoming =oon
The old piobkm of '^aiaiied voik
vvoijien)
Abbott Laborati lies Noith Chi cago HI'--Dccembei Ifi Interested in PhD cindidates in Chemistry Radiation Lo.boiatorv MIT Cambihdge Mass — D''cembei 18 Intciested in Physicists and EE Sign in Personnel Office
Sharpes Chemicals Inc Wyin dotte, Michi^^an — Intciested in
CIS wages tending to lag p ices and Chemists Sign in Personnel Office
of lesulting inci eased cost ot hv ing was biought to the front again this week by President Roosevelt He stated that even if the Fedcial government is the largest ‘'ingle om ployei m the nation th it it has gl lowed grossly unfaii employment
by Wednesday December 16 Libhv McNeill &. I ibby Chicago 111 —Interested in Dccombei or April MF ChE Sign in Personnel Ofifee by Wednesday Deeembei 10 Spart in. \irci aft Company fills i Okla—Intel ested in Deeembei and
conditions to exist Ho pointed out Apiil AcioE Sign in Pcisonnel Of that althoiit h woikeis in aisenils fice by Eiiday Dec 18 ind in othci government defense Calco Chemital Div Vnitnean production lines aie itcciving wages Cyanimid Companv Pound Biool it local pitvailmg i ites ind time N J—Inleiested in Chemital I ngi and i h ilf loi oveitime the piy of neei Chemrts Sig i in Personnel
To Present Christmas Convo
Lv Dan 1 or>-v he
When not lai„hingcit ii&qut lok'^s lu ns menl (i ly foi hog loddci which th^ii slaps ick 'u ctoi /I Stcwait i contmuou ly p nging the Uni\ eisity Chou his been ncak mg in a hillo pi ictici now and th n oi then ( hiisfinas iiio ,4iam which is to be gnen next Sattud y night at 8 o’clock
m the Music Hall
If von h \e not been scaled out by tnc lelcicncc to this piogiam as a lehgious coh\o cation you should shackle Wesley Players Will some of youi il lends eaily Sat hAeet Tomorrow At" 8 111 day evening and bung them 11,„ ^ yy iw nd ncs.dentof eithei peacefully Ol sliding on yy^slcy Pliyeis his nnouneed OUl lovely slick sidewalks to theie will be a special meelin in the itusie H ill sometime beloie the Rumpus loom 1 ii'esky Eou ula clock still (s ei ht The pio i im tion toiuiiovv it S p m loi ill will tiul 1 10 nptly it 9 10 1 ii kav those intciestc 1'in til n„ put in iiV you plenty ot tin e Lo get to the thei next pi ly At this time i lins oda shop even with the 1 us sciv toi the pliy will be discussed an 1
most salaried employees such as postil cleil s h IS not been chingcd since 1930 it the litcst With i piompt decision on this pioblem Congress m ly it list iid the cm ployee who lectives i set s ilai y vvhctlui its puichismg piite is at
pai 01 not
W i«hii ,,toi luwspipe eoue pc mint ni^ it ^et f'Ood iliiies but in the t me cl i ition 1 emei 1 tnties thev i u i evciy bit ct he i p ly Tne pic ent newsmen in ht eipitil aic tquiicd to ei iv is m iny is foity pisses ti g t inti the viiipua SO c died milit ly oi e in the cipital ind n 11 uiy o hei 1 Liiklings they ue held ip ill g liOLind loi tot fa it (ii cl lie ct that they ut i ol entnv 1 tn fntst lest ct Ol u nt e u\ lo (he piotedion ol out milk i y pti onnel inti vv u plan I ut u migii e lusg 1 ss hu 1 cekn 1 )u L on )) iss w IS \ (!)i k 1 0 t t i 11 the Ol
Everything foi a College Education DEAC’8
TODAY and WEDNESDAY
FJRST RUN WESTERN
— AND — William GARaAN as Ellory Queen k and Margaret LINDSAY I kkt Porler
— ALSO — WALT DISNEY CARTOON
Office by Tliiu sd ly Dec 17
espondents Lo show upon enteiin^
one ot the e icst letccl ueis
Russi in lepo t of late Imve punted i lowing pie tut ot v i u uid in itithim vitloiies in ml i ound Stilmgi id But the jnctiiie hould not 1) t lien mi full light ioi the 1 u 111 1 \e b e 1 un ibk lo dio)) Lhti pi 1 g lull k u iiig i id till 1 1 1 nit i 1 local sue e s t ji 1 it ■= i 1 111 111 a dele it J ne t et t i 1 e Gt mai s h a k I i i com
1 Ictc y o t ot .. al ii-, i t It V h V ) evil 1 1 I ) 0 p t V l 1 1 1 1 IV
to J
b it
NAM
tiy Ol ts will le held All students nteiested in cliimi do uiged to be p esent it this meeting as well IS my olhtis who hive been isso elated with yVesley pliyeis in the
past
oing to the eoivo uc sine ti get i lot ol enjoyment fiom it u d ae
Unlversitv oiehestii will p esent than su e to kuc the Music
yukti k tl yll ">tb then Ch stn s spii t
buhblin^ ovei
-TODAY - TOMOROW DOUBLE FEATURE
NOTHING EVER LIKE IT BEYOND COMPARE!
A NEW WARNER BROS L T v th Dennis Morgan Brenda Marshall D reeled by MICHAEL CURTIZ A an Ha a Geo ge Tob as Reg a d Ga d nc R g n d D h y
PLUS
'PIER 13" with LLOYD NOLAN LYNN BARI
umnasru TODAY AND TOMORROW
GLORIOUS ROMANCE OF THE SHOW WORLD!
19 great songs' ^1,000 heartthrills '
1 - Wi ii WiTHM ft ° George MURPHY * Gene KELLY Marta EGGERTH * Ben BLUE I Screen Play by R chard Sherman FredP nkiehoffe * end Sd S Ivers • Or ginal Slory by Howard Emmett Rogers > Orected by fiuaby Berkeley , Produced by Arthur Freed
PRESTON FOSTER JOHN SUTTON OirecM by WILLIAM A WELLMAN Produced and Written for the Screen by Lamar TroHi
'V TOMORROW
Shellai Ryan ■'jlllih'Slii'iSiSttf"
PLUS —SECOND HIT
ii
INYlflilEV.'
u-f
December-IB.-1942,
Boil^maMr ^otis
'■Pa0:ii
Bears teom
©li Riveters’ Schedule ' “Piggy” Lambert’s Boilermakers face two tough opponents in their hardwood activities this coming week end. On Saturday:, night,.the. lads of the net game will clash with the Irish of .jNotre Dame, at South Bend. The Keogan-coached Notre Dame quintet, promises to offer amaximum of opposition for oiip Riveter combination. Next Monday night the Boilermakers return to. the Pieldhouse for a i — •, tilt, with the Washington Upi- 4-3 lead, the Bears stayed in froijt Veysity Bears. _ all the way, and were never in dan- ' i, , ' . . , ■ ■ ger of slipping behind the Miners, Notre^ Danfe has^ already but occasional sloppy passing by the proved^^its,,.,ahihty this, .season Bears, phis a few instances of pobv by .yirtqe of a 53-44 win over judgment in shooting, kept the Hilh th<j(,Wildca.ts..of .Northwestern. /The toppers.withih 10 points all evening. Irish lads experienced: squad .. On the credit side of the ledgei',
tb^ year led by their high-scoring forward and captain, Charles Butler^' Johnny Nieip.iei'a teams with Butler at the other .forward berth, and the pivot, spot is ably handled by,fast season’s high scorer. Bob
Fapght. The only inexperienced under the Missouri Valley war-time man prt the starting roster is Bilk ruling, turned in 15 points, while Dayls, sophomore guard from Hyde Guard Glen Bloom, lanky sophoPayk High School, Chicago. Bob more, shone brilliantly in covering Eensberger, veteran guard from last rebounds and holding the Miner of-
ye%r’s team. Works with Davis in the fense in check, ha^k court position. _ “Handy”'Man
lyashington’s Bears started off Mike Todorovich, G ft., 4 in. centheir season ^vlth a 55-46 win over ter, another sophomore, also came the. Misso.uri School of Mines and through his varsity debut with flyhaye now settled down to a week of i„g colors. With hands 'that would
solid preparation for
however, was the fine play turned in by several of the young.ster.s of the squad., Avho have taken over the dilHcult task of filling shoes left vacant by departing . seniors. Freshman Kenny Wulfmeyer at guard, eligible
tilt with
give a glove-maker nightmares.
Kentucky .University,next Saturday: “Big Mike” handled the basketball
campus
and. their invasion of our
Monday.
Goach Not Impressed ; Not altogether satisfied' with his team’s showing against the Miners, Coach Bob Kinnan planned to continue heavy scrimmages all this week, to round off some of the rough edges that marked the: Bears’ play Friday night. Grabbing an early
like a baseball, as he took over pivot duties for the Bears during most of the second half. Bill Albaugh, a* freshman forward, . though held scoreless, came through with some excellent ball-handling. “Cld reliable”, lean Jack Darntoh, leading Mi.ssouri Valley scorer last season and a unanimous choice for. (See IRISH, BEARS, page 4)
Squash Team Wns Over Nodhwestem ’rravcling to Chicago for the week-end, the varsity squash team van into some tough opposition .and lost two matches while wiiining ope. The single victory was a -5-0. triumph over - the Nor til western' racketeers- on the Abbot- Hall
courts.
Por the first lime the local squadmen suffered defeat at the hand's of the Chicago epurtmen by a score of 2-3. Ed . Wells and . Bill Bond dropped their matches hy the iden-, tical score of 2-3, and Bill Bond was defeated 3-1. . - In the third of .the week-end miitche-s Norm Golclstoin and Bill Boiid were the only .'vi^innei’s over the men of the. Evans^fon YMCA. Fred Hess, playing number 4 on the squad, won one and lo.st . two matches on the trip. IM Sdbedulm FRATERNITY BASKETBALL ■ Tuesday evening, Dec. 15 Court 1—Sprague-Whitlock 7:00 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Kapipa Alpha. 7:15. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Up-
silon. ■
8:10 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Beta Theta ’ ' Pi. . ■ . ' 8:25' Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Wednesday evening, Dec. 16 Court 1—Emersdn-S. Rudasics 7:00 Kappa Delta Rho vs. winner Lambda Chi Alpha-Pi Kappa
Alpha.
7:15 Phi Delta. Theta ys. winner Phi Kappa Tan-Delta Upsilon. . The semi-final games are scheduled on Court 1 at 7:00 and 7:15 on Thursday evening, Dec. 17, and the finals are scheduled for Friday evening, Dec..18, on Court. 1 at 7:00.
Natbii 1 Tqp Grid Teais
By Dave Shryer
As the 1942 football seiason sings its swan song, the public looks forward'to the grand finale on New Year’s Day when the various bowl tilts feature contests between intersectional leaders. The picture for the post season games was completed Saturday when Southern California bowed to U. C. L. A. out
on the Pacific coast.
For the first time in the history of the series the Uclans will be playing in the Rose Bowl, ;—— =.;—
grandmother qf all bowl tilts. Tennessee.
Their opponents will be Geor- This year another Tennessee team gia’s mighty Bulldogs featur- comes to the Sugar Bowl to face ing All-Apierlcan Sinkwich/Tulsa University, the only major mi.. A 11 1 -11 4. 4.1- 4.-14- nndefca'tcd, untied squad in the-na-
The Bulldogs wf enter the tilt
as top-heavy favorites on the basis Harry Frnka’s Tulsa team of . their excellent season record ,^^3 swept all opposition aside in which show tGnWictorWs; against one ten-game schedule. The Vols, loss. U. C. Ui A;. won seven and .^ytiose stars include A1 Hust, Ig lost three. ' ..y.-K. , Fuson and Bobby Cifers, have eight
Fans will rOimtimbervliist season’s -wins, one loss and one tie. Rose Bowl tilt played:--at Duke be-, fpexas Stars
cause of the emergency conditions on the west coast. In this game Oregon State trimmed a heavily favored
Duke outfit. Whether history, will repeat itself and the men from the west will down. Sinkwich, Poschner and company can only be told by the future.. Sugar Bowl
■ In the Cotton Bowl at Dallas, Tex., once beaten Georgia Tech faces Texas U., leaders in the Texas circuit during. the season just completed; The Longhorns, though not equaling the record of its 1941 Cotton Bowl squad, boast an enviable slate of eight wins and. two losses. Outstanding stars have beeii Stan
!• Southivorth’s
All sports, are featured annually' Mauldin, giant tackle, and Roy Meat the Sugar Bowl Carnival in "New Kay, ace fullback. Orleans. But, though the distance Georgia Tech’s veteran coach, races and basketball games share Bill Alexander, was recently voted the spotlight, the' f'^sti.val received the outstanding coach of the , 1942. its .name from the.grid tiltnyhich season, an honor he just deserved, headlines the program. Fans will Taking green linemen and backs he remember Fordham’s freakilsh 2-0 brought them to the top of the-heap, win over Missouri last New Year’s Only the mighty Georgia outfit was Day or the 1941 game when- Boston tibie to stop the Tech attack so ably College came from behind to trip led by Eddie Prokop, and the freshman wonder boy, Clint Castleberry. B. C. In Orange Bowl , Down at Miami, Boston College will hook up with Alabama in the Orange Bowl tilt. Playing in Bowl ganie.s is rapidly becoming a habit with.Frank Thomas’ Alabama team. Thou.gh their season, record.has not equaled those compiled by Crimson teams of the past, the Tide’s -seven victories in ten contests was sufficient to. merit them a Bowl bid. Their leading star this season has been the All-American center, -Joe,
Domnanovieh.
Bo'stdn College rolled, over all opponents until their final contest. Meeting a mediocre Holy Cross team, the Eagles were overthrown in one of the most.astoundiiig upsets in fcotiiall history by a score of 55-12. Notewortliy among, their stai'.s are Don Currivan, stellar end, and Mike Plolovalc, fullback.
IH A WAR-TORN : WORLD,
Be inspired' bf Good Books Be informed bf Good Books Be ref-reshed bf Good Books B’e stimulated by Good Books
ned bf Good good books by.
;’s 0asie.r to clioos©. aiicl
visitmg the
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
TOCDE KM & SUPPLY BDliE
30.8-10 , STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth-s #
LENTHERIC gives you a new daytime fragrance— “Confetti Bouquet” to supplement the perfume for gay evenings. Both flacon and decanter presentations, as gay and irresponsible as the lightheaded, light-hearted fragrance they contain. Flacons. . . . from $1,10 Decanters . . . from $2,25
About That DePaul Game Better late than never . . . Here is a little .something on that DePaiil game la.st Saturday. Tho.se who merelf saw the 45-37 final score in the. paper Sunday morning be,gan drawing their o»vn conclu.sions about the Boilermakers’ showing against the giartt Blue Demons. However, Lambert’s scrapp.y crew was very much in the ball game and made a far better showing than the score indicated. ^ Traveled 17 Times In First Half In the first few minutes of the ball game, the Riveters had been called for traveling seven times. Before the half was over they had lost the ball a total of 17 times because of this.. It seems that the floor had just been waxed or something and that the .surface was about, as slick as, the ice which has always before covered the tennis courts back of the Fieldhouse every year about this time. ^ Cut Lead To Four Points After the whistle had blown endin.g the first half of the sliding session,, the .scoreboard shov/ed the Boilemakers trailing by a 30-17 margifi. During the intermission Lambert and the boys talked it over and then Anderson, Kerchival, Ehlers, Friend and Mcnke took the floor for the Riveters. This colnbination pushed the DePaul five completely off the floor, and with but five minutes remaining had cut the Blue Demons’ lead d’own to
a slim four points.
► Menke Gets 14
*Al Menke’s deadly one-handed shot-s'were, the chief offensive weapons, during this inM:>ired second period rush. The Riveter captain pushed through seven of these shots during the evening to tie Mikan, the .6 ft., 8 in. DePaul center, for scoring honors with a total of 14 points. After'Seeing their 13-point half-time lead cut so badly, the DePaul outfit suddenly came to' life to take advantage of a couple of Riveter fouls and then went on to 'vvin. Just let the Boilermakers get a few more games under their belts, and they will be mighty tough to beat. Hear Ye, Hear Ye, Hear Ye; Big Chance Offered PE 12 Students ATTENTION ALL YOU PE 12 STUDENTS. Here is the chance that many of you have been waiting- for! It is the. best opportunity that has been offered to any of yoir since you enrolled in the ....1^' ; ? course. Don’t let anything stand inycur way of taking advantage, of this., W.hat are we talking about? Well, here’s what it’s all about. It has just been officially (and also unofficially) announced that swimming lessons arc going to be offered to all those unfortunate students that are _—^ — _____
“allergic to water”!, And we do
mean “water”. -
Silly, isn’t it ? Giving swimming lessons to people who won’t get wet. That’s almost as . bad as teaching a tree how to
walk. .
The only drawback to this marvelous offer is that any fortunate student desiring to, take advantage of it must do so yesterday afternoo.n . or early thi.s afternoon at the latest. All you.have to do is to report to one of the instructors and tell, him .why you’re there. Let him do the rest. Now you’re probably wondering how on earth those screwy guys expect to .give swimming lessons to ■people who are allergic to water. Well,, that’s easy; just don’t have any water in the pool ^yhen you are
teaching them.
Well, now where in the hlankety- —^ : ^—r_ ' blank is a .swimming pool with no;-wasn’t even a drop left in it. water in it? That one .is also easy The actuaTstory is that somebody for us to ans-vver. The Purdue swim- left the filter valves open the other, min,g pool is the.pool with no water night and all the water went out
through them. However, effort is being made to induce water back into the ipool, and Dick Papenguth
will soon be happy again.
Please don’t forget that big offer
day morning when the doors were though! Thing.s like this don’t hapopened; there-was the pbol, but the pen very often, but please also rewater had done swum away. There member the deadline.
All-Campus Bowling
Schedule for Week 11
Wednesday, 6:30
Tau Kappa Epsilon- Phi Sig'iua
Kappa.
Alpha Chi Rho - Pi Kappa Phi. Si.gma Phi Epsilon - Delta Up-
siion..
Beta Theta - Pi.-Phi Gamma
Delta.
Theta Tau - Phi Kappa Sigma.
Wednesday, 8:45
Pi Kappa. Alpha- Alpha Tau
Omega. .
Si.gma Pi - Alpha Gamma Rho. Beta Si.U'ma Psi - Sigma Nu. Lambda Ghi Alphii-Delta Chi. ■ Phi Kappa Tau - Theta Chi.
Thursday, 6:30
, Triangle - Hilltops. ' , ■ Si.gma Alpha Epsilon - Delta Tau
Delta..
in it! ,
“Well, .gee whiz, ain’t we lucky. But how come there ain’t no water in the pool; does it leak?” Some people think that it leaks. Yester-
opalciJ reseniaiion
As exciting as an invitation to appear, as aristocratic as a court assemblage . $ ^ this new perfume of royal London,.. . The darling of smart "Mayfairltes" for great events. Obtainable only in Its royal "Bond Street” package at . . * $2.50 to $13.50.
Y'ardlcy prcUucis foe Amofica arc crealoti hi Eiiijlaiid anti (hilsheU hi the t’.S.A. from ihe Original Kngiiah Foniuilae. cciubhuiii; impoited and domodllc ingredients. YARDLEY 01 LONDON
;.k''
■-Si I ii'li^ui III 111 niYiHrmi
MHiiUMiMiiiate
1-Vi v-v r'j
?
fage.4'
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, December 15,' 194^
H^E.Schenck Addresses
Air Corps To Enli5t\ Cadets As 'Naval
Ag Seniors
Toppers' Friday
Dessil K Schenck, piesident of tJjfe Indiana Faim Bureau was the p^tficipal speakci at the banquet held last evening m the Union in hohot of the seniois of the School of Agiicultuie In his talk, Schenck outlined the higtoiy of the 1 ise and fall of the giifrtkt empnes of the woild and pointed out that they all fell 1^cause they weie founded by wars and conquest He expressed the opinion that America w ould not fall because its ten itoi y was gained by purchase and peaceful means through the philosophy that light makes might Schenck Discusses Peace In discussing the peace aftei the war, Schenck said “I feai that ae ■Will be as unpiepared to ante the peace as we ■weie to enter the war A netv economy is ine\itable and toopeiative enterprise will plaj a b}g part in the new oidei aftei the war ” In closing, Schenck pointed out to the seniois that theie still aie mpny frontieis and he told the group tliat they weie on the thieshold of the greatest field of oppoitunit\ in all the history of the woHd to do gieat things Keed 'Welcomes Seruors pean Haiiy Reed ol the School of Agiicultuie made the welcoming leniarks and Jim Biay responded f0^ the senior s A1 Stew ai t and the ag students in the Glee club pie^ sented several numbers and E C Fihusl, editor of the Hoosiei Farm ei,^acted as toastmaster for the dinner
Fifty eight flying cadets fiom fifteen counties in this part of the state, to be known as “Tippecanoe Naval Toppers,” will be sworn in Friday evening in a special bioadcast ovei 'WBAA The program will take place in Fowlei Hall fiom 7 to 8 30 preceding the Playshop presentation of “The Moon is Down” Nearly 900 sailors in electiiciaiis’ school here aie also expected to attend Lieut John Oreii will administer the oath to the newest cadets Others on the piogranr will include F T Tedfoid, in charge of naval flying coips enlistment in this area, Comniandei Hart, commander of the naval tiainmg piogiams here, and Mrs J M Ragams, of West Lafayette, who selected the name for the squaclion Yeoman Bob Henk will direct the singing and will sing a solo, “Sky Anchors ”
Ward II-A emerged victorious in the volley ball finals last Friday by defeating Wood Hall, 66-30 Fourteen teams eiiteied the intiamuiaj contest which began three weeks ago and five. North Hall, Wood Hall, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Ward II-A and Ward II-B reached the semi-finals played last week Bea Buerglei, Gail Hennis, Pat' Henhis, Barbara Sanders, Norma Whiner y, Emma Hillaret, Mafy Ella Sutton, Eve Willramson and Claribel Mangus were members of the winning team —WAA— Ward II IS ahead in the intramural race with a score of 35 points North Hall follows close behind with 25 points while Ward III and Wood Hall aie tied for thud place honors with 20 points each Trailing teams will have a chance to catch up next semester when swimming, basketball and bowling will be offered \ —WAA—
Classified Ads
Ceres Meeting to elect officers Tuesday Dcp If) at 7 10 p m in room 805 of the Union All members be suie to attend LLMASTER
Kappa Psi Meeting on Tuesday Dec 16, in room 302 of the Union at 9 p m —SANDLDBEN
Student War Council iherc will not be any m^etinp: until next semester Watch the notitsc column for Inter announcements AUGSBURGER
AWS Executive Board Meetinp: at 4 p m today in the AWS office CROLL
Scabbard and Blade Installation Of ne^ officers will be held at 4 30 p m in the Armoiy this Wednesday Dec 16 All JUn101 s should be present Attendance for loiB is voluntary —‘SPEKCBR
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns lup^ufrc type>VritGrs Albert s I oan Office 407 Columbia
Debris Staff ihore will be a mWlinpr of the entire Debris Staff todav in the cditoiial olfice it 4 p m WISKE
Modern Dance Pledires will bo announced at the WAA banquet Dec 15 in the Uomc Leonomica BuiUhnp Get tickets from Elea noi Serbau The last piactice will be Thurs day Dec 17 Compulsory attendance —SERBAU
All Militory Students No Corps Day thia week —ROBINSON
All Treslimnn Eds There Will be a meetiiiK of all freshman eds in room 356 of the Union on Wednesday Dec 16 at 7 30 p m* —McCORMIOK
Wanted—'Students interested in peddling th( Exponent Call Exponent Ask fox Recktenwald
Gold Peppers New initiatcfa meetinK lues (lav Dee 16 in AWS office at 4 p m Be sure to be thcic - SIMMONS
Mm YOUR BAGGAGE AHEAD
Will pay cosh for any o^ld or n< w used bi cycles Kiprex Shoir Service Northwestern, at Columbia
Sigrma Delta Chi Meetimr Thuisdav nifrht it 6 p m Smet airanprements are not com I lete lurther details will be furnished by lophone —HOSKINS
Lost—Small black RCA poi table radio Left in bus bth and Main Sunday 3pm Reward Call Bob Wiipcht 2573
Pound—Parker pen luai Music Hall Thursday afternoon Dee 10 Call 7801 J Krueck Typewntera—Adding iwacnines, all makfes 4old, rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
Pi Tau Sigma Important business meet mg on lutsday Dec 15 at 4pm in the R(ading Room of the ME Building Eke tion of officers Please be theie - KOERNER
Tau Beta Pi Meeting Wednesday Dtc 16 it 7 30 Will be in the East Reception Room of the Union YOUNGBLOOD
Lost—Gieen billfold between village and Executive Building Rowaid Phone 841 i
P Men Meitmg Wednesday Dec 16 at '' iO p m in the rieldhousc loom 107 All members expecting blankets and certifie^les be sure to attend WARREN
Lost Sliderule and notebook in oi about the Music Hall on Thursday Dee 10 it 31 a m The slideiulc case was decorated with the symbols II K A on the back and the name J U Thompson in German script The name and additss is on th first page of the notebook Ihtre will be a reward Call 6225 and ask for Tack U Thompson
ERC Applicants Today is tht final day to be sworn in the Enlisted Reserve Corps Those men who have applications on file must report U) room B 4 of the University Ainioiy before 4 TO p m as enlistments close it that time —ROBINSON
-AND JAKE YOUR TRAIN CAREFREE!
Lost—Physics 21 lab Dec 12 KrccnSheif ftr pencil was loaned to student Return to IS N Claike 55<) Vint St
Glee Club and Concirt Choir Meet at Wa bash Railioad station at 2 65 p m today Biini, formal and ),ypsy clothes -STEWARl
Irish, Bears
Next semestei’s calendai of spoits callouts and WAA activities ■will be given to all Univeisity coeds at legistiation
D. Johnson Resigns
(Continued fiom page 3)
left foiwaid on last yeai’s All-Con feience quintet, showed up With a
shaipei eye than usual, as he poured PQ^jflQf} Ofl Ao Staff 20 points thiough the basket in the ^
\Notices
Horticultural Society MectiiiK Wednesday LVUiinK Dee lb Thtsis vmII be read MYERS
Exponent Keys All those wh i hive been on the Exponent staff for the past tv\o terms ind are entitled to a key may tret them from Jane Ktim in the t ffice — KLOUMAN
Phi Lambda Upsilon New members may obtain ke\b be e illintr at Alph i Chi Rho house befori Satuiday Dee IS Receipt /oi linjment of initiation fee must be presented I ees must be iiaid to T H Curry —ADAMS
Don t start for home cluttered up with luggage Just phone Rail^way Express and we 11 call for your trunks and bags, speed them to your home, and save you time and needless wort) Gives you more room and comfort on the train, too, to say nothing of pick up and delivery at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns
fii st half befoi e i ctii mg to the sidelines foi a good pait of the second period when he contiibuted foui points Dainton had the honoi of scoiing the fiist point of the season for the Beais on a fice thiow m the opening minutes of the game, and also came thiough with the squad’s fiist bucket of the yeai a minute
latei
Ml D L Johnspn lesigned his position as assistant chemist in the expeiimental station of the Agii cultuial Chemistiy School in oidei to take up a wai job with the Ten nessee Valley Authoiity Johnson’s lesignation was accepted yesteiday by Piofessoi D M Dotj assistant head of the Agiicultiiial Chemistiy
School
ASME Election if (fficcis will be held Wednesday Dec 1( it 4 ji m in loom 108 ML Building LLOYD
< hristiin Science OrganiFation Rtgulai meeting will b held Tuesday Dee 1) at 30 p m in Kom 303 (f the Unuii —SOMMER
Purdue Players Impoitant meiting ^ues di> Dec 1) at 1 1 in Fowler Hill Iheie will be election <f officeib and election (f awar(is DUKE
Silver Mask Meetnu Wednesd ly Dei 16 at p m in uom lO-^ if the Union Elec lion of illieer Be theie —KAUFMAN
You can send "collect”, too, whefi you use Railway Express. Just phone for information or service
RAILWA'
AGLNCY INC.
XPRESS
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Tau Beta Pi Impoitant meeting for eke tion of officeis Wednesd Dee 16 at 30 p m Room to be announced Jatci Shingles pUdues and keys will be distributed Re freshments will be served Full attendance is expected for this last mei ting of the ^cmestei YOUNGBLOOD
Commencement
Soil Society To Hold Meeting Tomorrow
To compensate foi the loss of Johnson, the Univeisity has added M A Ewan and D R Bowman to the staff in the capacity oi assistant chemists
Reamer Club Next meeting Monday Dec because of basketball garni on the 14th BRAY
Eta Kappa Nu Initiation in loom 304 of 1hi Union 4 30 p m Tuesday Dec lo followed by a b inquet at 6pm PLITOSAIO
(Continued fiom page 1) this month, bung the total to well okcr 2,090 This is to be the fiist eoibmencement m the histoiy oi the Ufiiversity to be held at any time othei than the tiaditional spnng exefciSes Will Speak Although the tiaditional BaccaIfihteate exeicises have been aband<ified foi the class of 1^43, Piesi deflt E C Elliott will letuin heie fronf Washington, D C , to speak before the entiie student body at a iiai convocation on “A Foimula f©j Faith ” Di Elliott, on leave fforti the Unneisity to seive as chi4f of the Division oi Pioiessional afid Technical Tiaming oi the Wai Manpowci Commission is expected to piovide the students with the latest inioimation on then status qndci the Selective Scivice piogism
Staff agionomists of the Univei sity Agucultuial Expeiiment Sta tion will lead the discussion at a Mulch Svmposmm” to be pie sented b^ the Soil Science Society oi Indiana tomoiiow night at 7 00 p ill in loom 263 ol the Union Speakers and then topics w ill he as lollows H E Jones “The Pin pose oi Tillage’ , Di H Kohnke “Piinciples ol Mulch Cultuie”, Di C E Bakei, ‘Results liom Mulch mg Expel iments on Oichaids”, Pi of J D Haitman, “Expeiimental Results liom Mulching Vegetables”, and R B Hickok “Ma chineiy Aspects of Mulch Cultuie in Field Ciops ’
Williams Selects
Catalvst Members Election of ( fficcrs will hell lu( div Dieembei 1 in room 30-^ f thi Chemitil ind Metalhngieal building
SWACFR
P
Dairy Herd Testers
Kenneth Frischie
Ovei 100 pel sons i esponded to the lequest made iccently bj C A Wil liams Univeisity extension daiij man foi ipplicants intci ested in positions oi cow testeis ioi Indiana Dauv Held Impiovemcnt Associa tions Fiom this gioup of applicants 16 weic selected to stait a two week tiaining couise last Monday in piepaiation ioi then new woik Those completing the ti aining will be sufficient to fill vacancies now open among the associitions accoidiiig to Williams llovvcvei ad ditional peojilc will be needed aftci Januaiv
btudent Hou'ung Corporation Mictii g ol ill mcmbiis 11 room 1 i <f thi Union it tonight Tuebday Heetion^ t( till va cancits on the biaril of dirietois will bi hi Id It IS import int that ill mimbcis be present Thire will al b i meeting if the biai 1 >f direetors imm diatei^ fill wing tlu n el il meeting BART. \
BUSY WITH YICTORY
The whole campus shows activity ot War Work — for educational training means the highest production.
Oiir workmen are highly trained in Science ol Dry Cleaning.
\\ csley Players Thin wi'l hi i kmI meeting in th Rimpu R om of "Wesky I oundition lu sdaj- Dti I at 8 j) m t( discuss plans f n th niw j lay uul hi Id ti V o its Pie isi 1) J 1 s 1 t WOODWA.RD
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill — on the Corner
Placement Notes
For Women
Civil Service Announcements Junioi maik ting specialist (pio cessed Flints and Vegetables) *52000 per > eai To assist in handling, mai keting and disti ibution ol processed foods Must have completed fom j^cars of college work including at least one coui se loi cacli i cai in one of the follow ing agi icultui al chem ihtrj food (hcmistiy food pioccss ing, food selection and piepaiation nutntion hoiticultuie Jtinioi 1 ispectoi Wage and Iloui Divl ,ion Dipaitnicnt of Laboi '5L0OO jici veai To Icain to in pect Imsincsst-, to ('cteiminc compliance v'lthFaii Laboi Standaias Act Rc quiumen’''—foui ■\cais oi college woik including in each veai at least 1hi(( stiiicstci hoin s in couiscssuch as laboi economic accoui Ling 1 usiro r g in / I on 1 iw stalls Iks *pu'il c dniini fi ition 01 othii luiiscs n tlu 0(1x1 s(_i(,K(. 4.p plication V 11 1 ( fcjitcii o li u
a 1 V 11 1 11 *
/(lie tici II V (olkctoi lit iial Ri^v/i i Bin III 0 10 ]) 1 n I’eqjLiuc nent co 1 I in lOi ot bu 1 nc"i c^'pe line a id ‘la ni Clitmist to An.,clc Ciil W i tci and Ht illh Di ]) 11 nne nts Ppi lu thii in oimition loni in ing anv of i) c c o; p..jlui 1 ks c ill (2965) the Plaicnun S(..ivicc 01 Momtn Ixccitivc Building
ot the Agi 0110mJ Depaitmcnt
has be in called to active dutj with D I \AfifT
the iSaval Rescive lie giaduatcd iiom the Agiicultuie School list spi mg ai d has been technical assist lilt in pistui c 1 cscai ch at the cxpci imeiit station He has been on ic live dutj foi sovcial weeks and is
stationed in Viiginia
loinicil ot the tail! dec
tiicitv blanch ol the 1 ultui I Engineciin„ school is now cm plo^vcl at Jlichigan State A„i icultui al Collc.,c 111 the s line capacitj
• SoutInvorth'‘s
Baptist Church
aniountis the lollowing new cabinet mcinbiis Kciinv St qi)) picsidcnl ol the n oinin., class Don lA’arnc) vm jncsidcnt tiancis Beall stiictaiv Bill Hannon pii idciU ol till Uoiuin Houi R i\ Gold smith MIC pifsulcnt W av nc Stev ( nson clan man ol tin i ccs 1 111 Hufl tiia 111(1 foe D \ scent UN Don Radkc diNotmiis Allicili \it man, I’ludui Rcligio is t o mcil Viiginia Mi( ut\ soci il iliaiiman Bob Lv inson nu SIC R<gii Schol ton loom (liaii man (,(01 c BI ick fieohman coimn). Bill Sjnalci iHWaiiil I luia Niwcomb touign studints Rogci Liilii athletics, Louise Peteison alumni, Judv ,Worley, imblicitN, Helen Snvdn piebidyiit ol the (ountil
DON’T
STRAIN SQUINT SCOWL
OVER YOUR GIFT PROBLEM!
Send US an H. O. S.jand wc will \ find the right gift to fit your
problem and budgel.
the Downstairs GIFT SHOP
maiEBCCK&StlPRVHORE
308-10 I TATE ITRLEl WL5T LAFAYETTE INC
*>on(lnvoi til’s
Qmbms Cm happaHherci
VES, wc have practice Blackouts now and then. And we’re gradually getting used to ration books.
Surely, every kid has a rl^t to Christmas,
But America’s Christmas will be warm with light and food and friend, ship — while war-worn peoples abroad face the cold night with fear and hunger. American children may get fewer bikes and skates and trains — but the children of Europe’s New Order, cowering in dark doorways, will get nothing.
It is ironic hut appropriate that on the birthday of the Prince of Peace, this nation should renew its pledge to win the war — so that all thy world can share our kind of Christmas.
It will take an ever-increasing torrent of electricity to power the factories and serve the homes. . . . That's OUR job and we’re doing it!
It will take everybody. Fighters and farmers and workers. It will take tanks and tractors and turiet lathes — planes and plows and drill pi esses.
PUBLUC SERVICE COMPAHY OF INDIANA INC.
INVEST IN AMERICA! BUY WAR SAVINGS BONDS AND STAMPS!
■Q ^
rf