■'«'*'' * "1' ^ ^ ^ i J ■* J
Purdue
Rii iTi in At* ki^ CA JL li li X L w %7 M Session
Exponent
Vol. 3 No. 2
West Lafa~yette, Indiana
Tuesday, June 20, lOSff
If ’
Glee Club Wins In Mens Chorus pw Vout* All 1“ I Today At Division At University Festival 4 in Fowler Haii
They're Looking For Another Title
This year’s Glee Club, University festival winner, will be seeking its second consecutive divisional victory when it sings against other men’s ehoruses in the finals at the Chicagoland Music Festival on August 19.
News Of The Week
Cermany Loses Case WASHINGTON, JUNE 15—American claimants today won a 50 million dollar case in a mixed court of claims decision against Germany, the court finding Gernlany responsible for munition explosions at Black Tom and Kingston, New Jersey during 1916 and 1917. The German member of the court resigned before the decision was handed down. Germany will not recognize the decision handed down by Justice Owen Roberts, a member of the court, but there are 25 million dollars on deposit in the tredfeury of the United States that may be used to cover a portion of the debt. This money was withheld from German nationals when their land was confiscated by the government when the United States entered the war in 1917. Royal Visitors Leave HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA, JUNE 15—King George and Queen Elizabeth bade farewell to the United States and Canada today as the royal couple spoke at an official luncheon here before departing for London. The luncheon terminated their 9,401 mile tour of the two neighbor countries. “I leave a large part of the. earth where there is no danger of war between neighbors,” said the king. Japs Continue Blockade TOKYO, JUNE 15—High Japanese military ‘ officials §aid today that thfey had decided to continue the blockade at Teintsin until “Britain" revises her pro-China, anti-Japan policy.” At Hangkow Japanese forces have blockaded warehouses, offices, and docks, refusing passage to British and Chinese employees. The Tientsin blockade was effected after British authorities refused to hand over four Chinese, accused of killing a Japanese local official. The British contended that there wasn’t enough evidence of guilt to wan ant sui rendering the Chinese. ^ Tri-Powers Meef Again MOSCOW, JUNE 16—In a second attempt to iron out differences between Russia and her two allies, {Continued on -page 2)
SS Picni^et For Next Saturday Next Saturday is the date set for the annual Sumiper Sessjon picnic to be held at Ross Civil Camp according to an announcement made yesterday by Jim Koehler, chairman of the picnic committee. Transportation to and from the camp will be provided for all students without cars. Koehler also stated that the picnic would last from 4 until 7 p. m. and that it would be very informal. Tickets at 35 cents apiece may be obtained from the main Union desk or from members of the committee. Other committee members are Virginia Baxter, Margaret Mitchell, Maurice Neptune, Bonnie Swope, and Louis McKee. Nd definite program has been planned for the afternoon, though the swimming pool, badminton and tennis courts, and the soft-ball diamond will be available for those who wish to use them. Food will be prepared by the cafeteria and taken out to the camp. The menu contains such items as lemonade, sandwiches, potato salad, ice cream, and cup cakes, along with the appropriate trimmings.
Music Room Exhibits 26 Paintings By Moser Twenty-six oil paintings, black and white drawings, water colors, and pastels by Lloyd Moser are now on exhibition in the Union music room. Since 1932 Moser has taught freehand drawing and water color painting in the general engineering department, and also is now employed as a designer by Walter Scholer, Lafayette architect. Moser graduated from the school of architecture at the University of Cincinnati in 1932. Over 1,400 Register For Summer Session According to an announcement from the legistrar’s office, the summer session registration figure now stands at over 1,400 students. With the addition of intensive unit coui’se fegistiation later in the session, this year’s figui’e will in all probability surpass last yeai’s high of 1,681.
Goes To Chicago On August 19 Purdue Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, took first place honors at the University Music Festival in the Fieldhouse Saturday night, which was attended by 2,000 people. Winning groups and individuals will represent this festival at the Chicagoland Music Festival on Saturday, August 19, in Chicago. Mss Edith Mason, grand opera soprano, was guest soloist of the evening, and was called back for many encores. She was accompanied by Alexander Aster, of the Chicago Civic opera. Dr. Noble Cain, conductor of the Chicago a Capella choir, Chicagoland festival choral director, and one of the vocal judges, expressed the opinion that other entrants in the Chicagoland finals would be Thard pushed to beat the Purdue winners. The groups winning first place and their directors Avere: Men’s chorus: University Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart. Mixed chorus: Central Presbyterian Church choir, Lafayette, directed by A. P. Stewart. Ladies chorus: Ladies Variety Singers, of Logansport, directed by Verme Gray. The individual winners were: Violin: Glenna Mae Golden, 12 years old, Angola, Ind. Accordion: Nancy Louise Uland, 12 years old, Bloomington. Comet: Jack Zechel, 14 years old. Nobles ville. Two best men singers: Paul H. Kraus III, bass, Indianapolis, and Marvin H. Smith, tenor, Lafayette. Two best women singers: Miss Arsene Summers, contralto, Lafayette, and Miss Mary Johnston, soprano. West Lafayette. Two best senior baton twirlers: Don Shelgreh, Bradford, Pa.; Merl Smith, Mishawaka. Two best junior baton twirlers: Miss Dorothy Simmons, Elkhart; Miss Betty Duesler, Elkhart.
All students who are interested in participating in the plays that are to be presented during the summer session are invited to come to Fowler Hall this afternoon at 4 o’clock or this evening at 7 o’clock. At these time auditions for parts in all the plays will be held. Anyone interested in stage work, costumes, properties and make-up is also requested to report at either of these hours. Two groups of one act plays will be presented in Ross-Ade stadium. The first program Avill be given on Wednesday evening, July 12 and will consists of a mysterycomedy, “The Black Valise,” and a comedy, “His First Date.” The second program will be presented on Wednesday evening, August 2, and will include a one-act fantasy “The Wonder Hat”, a mystery, “The Tigers Claw, and a melodrama, “He Ain’t Done Right by Nell.” Cast Five Plays It is planned to complete the casting of the 31 parts involved inthe five plays. No further tryouts Avil be held, hence all those interested are urged to appear at one of the tryout hours today. Bill Carr and Joe Martin will divide the responsibility of directing the casts and staging the plays, and the whole project will be conducted under the general supervision of Prof. P. E. Lull of the department of speech. Military Students Move Into Camp “We’re in the army now,” was the general concensus of opinion Sunday among students in advanced military training as they entered Camp Knox, Ky., Sunday for six weeks encampment. Along with advanced students from the rest of the fifth corps area comprising Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, and West Virginia, they will train until July 29. Officers at camp from the University are: Col. J. A. Pickering, Major R. B. Warren and Captains F. B. Porter, D. Larr, P. W. Thompson, E. J. Murphy, J. M. Whistler and C. 0. Wiselogel. Thirteen noncommissioned officers of the local department have also been detailed there. ^
House Mothers Begin School Over 90 fraternity and sorority house mothers started to school themselves yesterday in the first course of its kind to be offered anywhere. For four weeks they will study house management, food supervision and direction of labor, student personality, adjustments, development of social attitudes,’ and individual counseling.
Housemothers from many
sections of the United States have filled the maximum registration list for the short course, and are living in the Women’s Kesidence Hall, so as to bring a closer relation to the topics that will be discussed in the full-time classes, lectures, and laboratory studies which will end July 15. Two Visiting Lecturers Nine members of the University staff of the summer session will be supplemented in their discussions by two visiting lecturers. Di-. Gilbert Wrenn, professor of eBujcation, University of Minnesota, will be in charge of a week’s woik op counseling. Dr. Wrenn is a member of the American Youth Commission of the Ameiican Council on Education and author of sevei-al ai tides on counseling. The "other visiting lecturer
will be Dr. Frederick Stecker, assistant dean of men at Ohio State University. Meal planning and food purchasing will be discussed by Prof. Edith Gamble, head of the institutional management courses, in home economics, and Miss Naomi McGuire, supervisor of foods and housekeeping, Women’s Residence Halls. Dean Dorothy Stratton and Prof. H. H. Remmeis, Division of Education and Applied Psychology, will discuss social and behavior prob-
lems.
Other members of the staff who will appear on the four-weeks short course are: G. 0. Arbuclde, manager Caiy Halls; Miss Helen Schleman, director Women’s Residence Halls; M. L. Fisher, dean of men; Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel; Dr. Frederick Scheuch, consultant in frateinity affairs; W. A. Bodden, assistant cohti oiler and auditor of student organizations.
Leadership Schools Open Program
Speaker
Dr. Ralph A. Felton
Round-Table Discussions Continue , As a forerunner of the opening of the regular summer session, a series of round-table discussions on topics of a controversial nature which are a part of the regular work of the “Foundations of Education” course were launched last week under the leadership of Dr. Hornell Hart, professor of sociology at Duke University. The roundtable discussions, which are open to the general public as well as those enrolled in the course, are held on the scheduled dates from 1:30 until 3 o’clock in room 101 of the Education building. Dr. John Dorsey, of the Children’s Center, Detroit, Mich., Avill be in charge this week, and Dr. W. W. Haggard, superintendent of Joliet Township High School, Joliet, 111., will direct the discussions the third and final week. Topics Under Fire Subjects and discussion leaders for the remainder of the round tables will be as follows: June 20—The Bases of Child Discipline, Dr. Dorsey. June 21—The Relation Between Inhibitions and Loss of Power, Dr. Dorsey. June 22—The Child is Father of the Man, Dr. Dorsey. June 26—^What Are Some Concepts of Education, °Dr. Haggard. June 27—What Is the Philosophy of Education, Dr. Haggard. June 28—What Are Some Reasons for the Need of Philosophy of Education on the Part of the Teacher, Dr. Haggard. June 29—What Is the Pi*ogi*essive Movement in Education as Contrasted With the Essentialirt Movement in Education, Dr. Hajggard. June 30—What Is a Working Philosophy of Education, Dr. Haggard. C. G. Sample... ... a native of near Anderson, who was graduated from the School of Agriculture in 1917, and AVho is now with the Standard Vacuum .Oil Company at Colombo, Ceylon, visited the campus recently for the first time in many years. Sample took animal husbandry and fed experimental cattle Avhile a student. During the World War he enlisted in the aviation branch of the U. S. Army, but went' to India with the oil company shortly after his discharge. He is back in the United States for a vacation but expects to return to Ceylon during the coming autumn.
Drew University Prof. To Address' Groups Tonight Dr. Ralph A. Felton, associate professor of rural sociology at Drew University,, will speak before tonights general session of the Rural Leadership School in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. His address on “The More Abundant Life,” will be open to the general public as well as attendants at the leadership school. Yesterday 260 persons had registered for the second annual leadership training school for Indiana rural youth, and 42 persons had registered for the eleventh amiual leadership school for mature lead-. ers now in service. The prc^ams of both groups will ccmtinue through Saturday. A graduate of Southwestern College, tonight’s speaker received his master’s degree from Columbia and his Doctor of Philospohy degree from Drew University, From 1907 to 1910 he was instructor in the American University at Beirut, Syria. Before taking up his present duties at Drew University he served as professor of rural social organization at Cornell. Dr. Felton is a member of the American Rural Sociological Society and the American Association of University Professors. He is the author of several books, including Serving the Neighborhood, Our Templed Hills, ahd The Rural Church in the Far East. From 1936 to 1938, he served as exchange professor in Nanking Union Seminary. Topics to be presented before the eleventh annual leadership school for mature leaders will include religion and rural life, rural social needs and opportunities, rural economic needs and opportunities, school education and rural life, recreation, and organizational objectives. The younger leaders, attending the second annual leadership training school for Indiana rural youth, sponsored jointly by the 4-H department of the University and the department of education of the Indiana Farm Bureau, will have a wide choice of a variety elective special interest groups under the direction of recognized specialists. Brandon Speaks While the yougsters were regis-tei-ing yesterday afternoon, the program for the mature leaders was launched Avith one of the highlight address of the week by Hassil E. Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc. In the evening at 8 o’clock, speaking before the first joint session in Eliza Fowler Hall, Senator Larry Brandon, secretary of the Indiana Farm Bureau, took as his subject Rural Youth Look at a Philosophy of Rural Life in Indiana. In addition to Senator Brandon, other speakers before the joint evening sessions will include Dr. R. A. Felton, professor of rural sociology. Drew University; Prof. Frank Hall, Purdue, and Dr. W. M. Robinson, of Western State Teachers’ College. Co-ed Hours... . . . for undergraduates will be the same as last year, announced WSGA president Ann Sickman yesterday afternoon. Weeknight and Sunday hours will be H o’clock, while Friday and Saturday hours will be 1 o’clock. Jean Halmond... . , . Sci. '41, of Leland, Mich., has been selected to xule as queen of the 1939 national Cherry Festival. The festival will be held July 12-14 at Traverse City, Mich.H
v
News Of The Week ... {Continued from 0hge 1) members of the French and British legations met today with PremierForeign Commissioner VyacheslafF Molotoff to discuss the provisions of the French, British, and Russian tri-power mutual aid pact. What was accomplished at the meeting was not revealed to the press. 71 Lost On French Sub SAIGON, FRENCH INDO-CHI-NA, JUNE 17—When airplanes failed to locate the sunken submarine Phenix, lost in the Indian Ocean off the shore of Cam-Ranh naval base, Fi*ench naval officers feared the sub lay crushed at the bottom in 120 metei’s feet) of water. The sub was cMstructed to withstand water pressure at 100 meters. Pi'emier Edouard Daladier ordered all French and colonial armed forces to fly the tri-color at half mast today for the 71 officers and sailors killed in the third submarine disaster in 24 days. From Berlin came a telegram expressing Chancellor Hitler’s regrets at the loss of the sub and men. A communique from Saigon to Paris said, “The cause of the disaster is still unknown, and a commission of inquiry has been formed to discover it.” Naval experts called the sabotage hints “ridiculous.” Carol Plot'Thwarted BUCHAREST, JUNE 17—The third plot to assassinate King Caroh of Roumania, was thwarted today by local police. Seven men were arrested for possessing hand grenades to be used in the assassination. ! The men were reported to be members of the outlawed Iron Guard, an anti-Semitic organization fashioned after . the German Nazis.’ PWA Refutes Lobbying WASHINGTON, JUNE 17— PWA refused to pay the 36 thousand dollar lobbying bill of L. W. Robert, which he presented to the state of Georgia, after he obtained from PWA 4 million dollars for a state insane hospital. Administrator Harold L. Ickes said the state of Georgia might pay the fee but the PWA refused to foot the bill. & Japs Eye SeHlemenf SHANGHAI, JUNE 17—An armed conflict was threatened today in the International Settlement between Bi’itish and Japanesesponsored Chinese police. British troops refused to turn over a police station to the Chinese. Machine guns were mounted to repel
the police attack, which was not forthcoming. There is great speculation as to whether the Japanese Will attempt to take -the International Settleni6nt as they have the French and 'British concessions in other parts oA China.
V'i'
Relief Bill Passes WASHINGTON, JUNE 17—A bill which will provide one billion 735 million dollars for WPA relief after July 1 passed the House today after one of the longest sessions in recent history. The House remained in session 14
hours.
The bill calls for rigid restrictions in relief expenditures, and sets 'up a three man board of administration in place of a one man administrator. Woodersori Loses Race PRINCETON, N.J., JUNE 17— Sydney Wooderon, famous British miler, and holder of the world's record for that distance, failed today to better that record at the Princeton Invitational Mile race. Chuck Fenske, former Wisconsin runner, won, doing the mile in 4.11. Wooderson was hoping to run the distance in 4:03, but was bumped and almost tripped as he went into the last lap. The handicap was too much for the little Britisher. Glenn Cunningham ran
second.
jobnsfl-own Wins Dwyer NEW YORK CITY, JUNE 17— Johnstovra, the three-year-old of the year, ran away from an.qther fleld today at the Aqueduct track’s featured Dwyer stakes. His earnings for the day sent his lifetime earnings well over the 165 thousand mark. In running the distance in 1:48 2/5 Big John equalled the record set last year by The Chief. Sun Lover placed. Tornado Kills Nine MINNEAPOLIS, JUNE 18 — Nine persons were killed and near- ; ly 60 were injured today as a tornado swept along a 25 mile front about 3:30 p. m. Damage was estimated at nearly 500 thousand
dollars.
An automobile in which a mother, daughter, and son-in-law were riding was thrown several hundred feet and demolished. The occupants were killed. One man, working in a field when the tornado struck, was blown several hundred feet through the “air d^nd was dashed
against a bridge.
adi In
Clipper Lancb» In France MARSEILLES, JUNE 19 — The American Airlines’ Atlantic clipper
Follow Doc Miller's Rules And Live To Take Finals Doc Miller stepped back, knife in hand, to wipe the precipitation fronr his brow as we walked into his office to secure some summer remedies and swap a couple of stories with him. After the smoke from the preliminary joking had cleared away. Doc OoWded in us that he was looking forward to a lot of fishing this summer and for that and sundry other reasons wished to convey to the student body his 15 commandments for keeping on the rosy side of life during the summer months, thus leaving his office forcefree to go fishing at will.
Grow A Beard According to Doc, if you follow simple rules you will live to a ripe old age. At least you will live to take Summer Session final
1) Get typhoid vaccine immediately if not already protected. 2) Avoid excessive sunburn. 3) Wear a hat when exposed to the sun for any length of time. 4) Maintain a light diet. 5) Shun cold drinks. 6) Driidc plenty of water (cool but not cold). 7) Avoid alcoholic beverages. 8) Wear light clothing, prefer- • ably white. 9) Bathe frequently. 10) Avoid over exertion11) Take sodium chloride tablets for advance protection against loss of salt from the system. 12) Use common sense when around persons who cannot swim. 13) Don’t dive into shallow water. . / ■ 14) If troubled with ear, eye, or sinus troubl^, keep your head out of water #ben swimming. 16) Wear ,d;ark "glasses when in the sun. ^
AIR CONDITIONED COOL NEW MAIN
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Thrill to the stgried glories of Jack London’s tameless North Country. ‘Wolf Call’’ With JOHN CARROLL Movita
Track Captain Arthur Bodeau Wins Wings, But This Time In CAA Arthur Bodeau, of Chicago, 111., retiring captain of Purdue’s track squad who won the Big Ten indoor half-mile championship, became a real “flying trackman” recently. Bodeau, who was graduated from the school of mechanical engineering at the sixty-fifth annual commencement exercises, was one of eleven additional students who have been given flight training at the University airport under ■ the program sponsored by the Civil Aeronautics Authority to qualify for his private pilots’ license in tests conducted by Capt. Daniel Moulton, of ^ Indianapolis, C.A.A. inspector. Outstanding Trackster Although he failed to place in the Big Ten outdoor championships, largely due to the handicap of a foot spiked in the Cotton Carnival, Bodeau was recognized as one of the Big Ten’s outstanding track men. As a mechanical engineering student, he specialized in aeronautical engineering, and recently accepted a position in the engineering department of the Chrysler Corporation, Detroit, Mich. Director . . . . . . J. H. Skinner of the Ihirdue Agricultural Experiment Station has received from Dr. G. I. Christie, president of Ontario Agricub-r tural College, photographs and newspaper pictures of the visit made to the Guelph institution by the King and Queen of England June 7. Dr. and Mrs. Christie entertained the royal pair on the visit to the college. Dr. Christie formerly was dii’ector of agricultural extension and of the experiment station at Purdue and Director Skinner, who retires June 30, succeeded Dr. Christie in 1928.
reached Marseilles today. The huge flying boat left Port Washington, L. I., just 42 hours and 28 minutes before, averaging 156 miles per hour for the 4,800 mile trip. Uncle Sam May Aid TOYKO, JUNE 19 — It was authoritatively reported today that the American Charge d’Affairs Eugene H. Do^nnan handed the Japanese officials \ communication from Washington Bering to arbitrate in the British-Japanese dispute over the blockaded Tientsin area. Admiral Harry E. Yarnell, con% mander-in-chief of tjiev United States Asiatic fleet, was named as a possible arbitrator.
ARC STARTING TODAY g? SAMUEL COLOWYN CAHY COOPER SsSSPAEOiEROU
T H E A T R t
Franciska GAAL • frailcliQl TONE “THE GIRL DOWNSTAIRS"' Walter Connolly • llita Johnson “cSs,”
MARS NOW PLAYING CLAUDETTE COLBERT JAMES STEWART in “It’s A Wonderful World’’
THUR. - FRI. RITZ BROTHERS in “The Gorilla’’ With PATSY KELLY BELA LUGOSI
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Lichti
There ain’t no justice. Here we are in a hole without enoughwimmen folk to go around and Bob Schlehdorf trucks about with five in tow. Say, Bob, let’s don’t forget Huey Long so soon—share the wealth with your brothers who don’t have enough on the ball. ’ B & B Overheard at registration: “I don’t have to go to summer school. I’m just here to get some extra credits.” If nobody will believe you go to the Blazer or the Chocolate Shop, they will lend a believing and sympathetic ear—after all, you probably gave them much of your valuable time last winter. B & B Short, short story—^Ed Travis leaves school. Grannon gives pin to Wickard. Wickard carries same in her pocketbook. Grannon’s old girl from the South is going to visit Purdue. Will Wickard play the martyr and take the Southern queen to dinner and pin. her for Grannon? Ed’s Note: Will try to straighten this mess out for the dear, dear readers at a future date if I’m still alive. B & B The first mixer of the summer was _a great success—nobody got to dance with th'eir own date. Beany Dygert didn’t have a good time because, she only had two dances with her date. I hear .he had a good time Beany., .B & B ' ^ Heard at the mixer, “M^ I cut in?” “Sorry lad, the mush isn’t thick enough yet.” Then there’s the Michigan lass who said that she was not here. for the social life.—Beware men, she means business. B&B It’s' a little late for the mating season lads and lasses, but remember it’s the early worm that gets eaten first so pick yourself out something and find out what makes it tick and then you can
‘Nope, she’s the star — I just take character parts!”
match lies with the brothers and sisters in the fall. B&B. NOTICE! Purdue Eds. Mr. Going Back Chiltosky-can save you money. For a nominal charge for <> materials used, he will show you how to make that pin, ring, etc., to encourage your dream girl’s affections. B&B Don’t forget the Summer Session Picnic this Saturday. You
can get a powerful lot of eating and pitching for the paltry sum of thirty-five cents. (Three and a half beers.) --■— - B..^&...R _ This column is dedicated to those stooges that like to see their FRIENDS squirm. And a last word of warning, men. Alice Martens is a straight shooter. She goes hunting with a real sixshooter. That’s all, there ain’t no more.
LAFAYETTE
NOW PLAYING BRIAN AHERNE VICTOR McLAGLEN JUNE LANG
‘Captain Fury’
THUR. - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE OLIVER HARDY HARRY LANGDON BILLIE BURKE ALICE BRADY JEAN I^RKER in “Zenobia;’ — Plus ‘Prison Without Bars’
LUNA TODAY - WEDNESDAY CHARLES LAUGHTON
‘The Beach Comber’’ — Plus DON AMECHE RITZ BROTHERS in “The Three Musketeers” THUR. - FR. - SAT. RAY MIDLAND ISA MIRANDI in “Hotel Imperial” — Plus CHARLES STARRETT in “Rio Grande”
Enjoy BreaMast
or
Lunch
Enjoy
a
Refreshing Coke
, LPl tL
i
c^weet
7
Downstairs in the
Purdue Memorial Union Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Campus Activities/
'"’^’I'uesday, June 20, 1939
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Nine Of 13 Teams * Better .500 Mark Five intersectional home games during the Christmas holidays against the leading teams of the Pacific Coast and Southwest, including Oregd'i, defending national collegiate champion, feature the early part of the attractive 20-game schedule for Purdue’s basketball team for the 1939-40 season announced recently by Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics.
The ambitious schedule has a distinct “home flavor,” with the Boilermakers to appear on the home 'hardwood for fourteen games, including eight non-conference tussles and six Big Ten tilts. In the conference chase, the Boilermakers will meet Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin in home and home games; Ohio State, Minnesota, and Iowa in single games at home, and Michigan, Northwestern, and Chicago in single games on the road. Face Southern Cal. Again The holiday home schedule will send the Boilermakers against Southern California, runner-up in the Pacific Coast race, which was the only non-conference quintet to defeat Purdue last season; Washington State, another power in the Pacific Coast race; Southern Methodist and Rice, Southwest conference leaders; and Oregon’s Pacific Coast and N.C.A.A. champions.
The complete schedule follows: Dec. 7—Western Illinois State Teachers here. Dec. 11—DePaul here. Dec. 13—Detroit here. Dec. 20—Southern California here. Dec. 21—Washington State here. Dec. 23—Oregon here. Dec. 27—Southern Methodist here. Dec. 28—Rice Institute here. Jan. 6—Northwestern there. Jan. 8—Ohio State here. Jan. 13—Wisconsin here. Jan. 15—Minnesota here. Feb. 10—Indiana there. Feb. 12—Chicago there. Feb. 17—Illinois here. Feb. 19—Michigan there. Feb. 24—Wisconsin there. Feb. 26—Iowa here. March 2—Indiana here. March 4—Illinois there.
l\eev
Slack suits by a Hollywood designer. Perfect for golf or lounging around. The shirt can either be tucked in or left out for adcjitional comfort.
Priced from
$^50 $g00
/!
Detventer’s
416 Main St.
WHY is it FREE ? Succeeding issues, as well as this one, will be made available to you free of charge. Indirectly, the merchants whose advertisements appear in this paper are responsible. Cooperate with the^e merchants and show your appreciation by BUYING in GREATER LAFAYETTE. \ the Purdue Exponent
Kizer Announces Anderson Price Schedule For ^39 Grid Card The complete schedule of prices for the 1939 football card was announced recently by Noble E. Kizer, University athletic director, following receipt of the price schedule for
out-of-town games.
The prices for the schedule of eight major opponents range from a high of $3.30 for the season’s “opener” with Notre Dame to a low of $1.66 for the intersectional encounter with Santa Clara that will be played in capacious Kezer Sta-
dium in San Francisco.
The complete schedule with prices, including tax, follows: Sept. 30—-at Notre Dame $3.30 Oct. 14—at Minnesota 2.75 Oct. 21—Michigan State here 2.75 Oct. 28—at Santa Clara 1.65 Nov. 4—Iowa here 2.85 Nov. 11—at Northwestern ___ 2.75 Nov. 18—at Wisconsin 2.85 Nov. 25—at Indiana 3.00 In the case of the Iowa game here and the Wisconsin game at Madison, which will serve as the Badgers’ Homecoming, ten cents has been added to the price of each ticket as a donation to the 1940
Olympic fund.
Although the season ticket sale will not be officially launched until July 1 and the sale of single game tickets will not start until August 1, every mail has been bringing a host of advance orders to the ticket office, notably for the Notre Dame game on September 30, which promises to produce a record sale. Pittsburgh In 1941 Another new intersectional foe will appear on Purdue’s football schedule in 1941 when the Boilerjnakers journey to Pittsburgh to meet the Panthers on October 1, 1941, it was announced recently by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director. The Boilermakers are already scheduled to meet Vanderbilt in another intersectional game the
same year.
The addition of Pittsburgh will add considerable color to the 1941 card, marking the first meeting in history between the Boilermakers
Net Squad To Have 20 Game Schedule With nine out of the 13 teams that engaged in dual intercollegiate competition finishing the year above the .500 mark, the University’s sports squads have completed one of the most successful seasons in history. For the year 193839 the Boilermakers engaged in 142 dual contests, winning 77, losing 58, and tying 7, for a percentage of .570. The year was marked by out-
... is teaching the course in “Methods' and Materials in the Social Studies” now in progress. Dr. Anderson is assistant professor of education at Cornell University. The course is designed for teacheps and supervisors of social studies in grades three to
eight.
Summer Baseball Team Holds First Practice Session Summer session varsity baseball team will be coached by Elmer Burnham, of the physical education staff. Burnham handled prospective payers at the first practice of the year yesterday on the freshman diamond. Seven men reported. Once again games will be played agninst the Ross Campers, who are organizing a team at the civil engineering camp south of town. If possible other games will be scheduled with teams in the vicinity. Practices will be held three days a week at first, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, but Burnham hopes that games can be scheduled for the latter two days after the season gets well under way. and Panthers. The Boilermakers however, are well known to Pittsburgh fans as a result of the series
with Carnegie Tech.
was
standing team and individual accomplishments in a variety of sports. All’ four major sports squads finished well above the .500 mark, headed by Coach Mai Elward’s surprising football eleven which dropped only one game and shared the runner-up honors in the Big Ten race. Other teams to finish above the .500 mark included the pistol squad which earned a national reputation with a perfect 1.000 record in 11 engagements, and the golf, squash, cross-country, and tennis combinations. The only squads that failed to finish the season with better than an even break were wrestling, water polo, swimming, and fencing. Complete summary of dual engagements for the 1938-39 season follows:
Fielders’ Choice
Sport
o
in o
Y H
Pk
Pistol _ _
.10
0
1
1.000
Football _ _ _ .
. 5
1
2
.833
Golf _
. 7
3
0
.700
Basketball _ _ .
.12
7
0
.631
Squash
.12
7
0
.631
Track .
3
2
0
.600
Baseball _
.12
8
3
.600
Cross Country
. 3
2
0
.600
Tennis
. 7
6
0
.538
Wrestling
. 3
5
1
.376
Water Polo
- 1
4
0
.200
Swimming
. 1
4
0
.200
Policing
. 1
9
0
.100
Season total
.77
58
7
.570\
X
Class Of 39,
... of the School of Electrical Engineering has presented two valuable books, High-Frequency Alternating Currents by Knox, Mcllwain and Brainerd, andGaseous Electrical Conductors by Wheatcroft to the school library.
-DECKER'S-
DECKER’S
518' MAIN
By Rob’t J. Deckard Hiya, folks! —^fc— Dropped out to catch a glimpse last Sunday of Lafayette’s Red Sox who were blasting out a 11 to 0 victory over the Middleton, O., outfit in an Indiana-Ohio league game in Columbia Park and came across a couple of Boilermaker diamondmen showing their wares to the customers. —^fc— Felix Mackie'wicz, third baseman •ffn Coach Dutch Fehring’s Riveter contingent last spring, was wandering the pasture for the Sox while Bob Bailey, Riveter moundsman, was taking a few warm-up throws preparatory to any relief work he might have done in case Lefty Veller, Lafayette pitcher, needed some assistance. —fc— Mack turned in a bang-up game . . . the tow-headed outfielder belted out a double, scored a brace of runs, and fielded like a veteran... in tyhe first inning, he was hit by a pitched ball . . . it’s our opinion that Mack is in the correct position in which he can make a better showing for himself ... he played a brilliant game in right field and had a nice throwing arm, and optic like a hawk. —fc— Bailey has not had a chance to prove himself this year on the Sox combination . . . nevertheless there isn’t much doubt that the port-sider, who has twirled some nice games for the locals, will take care of the pitching duties when the opportunity shows up. —^fc— Tommy Dickinson, erstwhile Boilermaker center fielder, made several appearances in Sox games but due to his services for a Gary "utility company, he had to discontinue his ball playing for Lafay-
ette.
—fc-r Steve Gutting, a Purdue representative in the NCAA meet in California over the week-end, certainly did impress the orange belt track enthusiasts during the first heat of the time trials in the high hurdles, blazing off the stick with a 14:4 time . . . then Steve in the second heat tripped over the last hurdl^ to drop out of competition for the remainder of the meet. . . . Tough break. —^fc— Ed Holderman, Riveter long distance man, scored the only points for the Boilermakers, winning fourth place in the mile against some of the best runners of the country. B & B Incidently—Bev Rice is in town, men. No, sfie’s not in school. She IS acting as a chaperone for her father who is back in school to find out how Bev spends her time.
WHY?
Why are we so popular among Purdue college students for auto repairs and service? We believe it’s because fwe insist upon the most painstaking attention to all of your motoring probdiems — and because our prices are right.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE 526 Alabama ‘ After You — We Come First
Pbone 4048’# 4
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Tuesday, June-20,1939'^
^21
S
Life Insurance Men Open Short Course Yesterday marked the opening of a new short course designed to educate and train the life insurance representative who works in rural areas. Scheduled to run until Saturday, the course is entitled Rural Life Underwriting. Over 85 men have enrolled to date. Saturday has been dubbed “Purdue Life Insurance Day,” at which time those enrolled will be given an examination and attend a banquet in the Union Building. Frank L. Jones, one-time superintendent of public instruction for the state of Indiana, will give the farewell address. .. Speakers Named
A mn-nc
Personnel Men Meet Tomorrow To Discuss Grad
Personnel men from both universities bnd industry wil get together this week to discuss their problem of mutual interest: the college graduate. The conference will open tomorrow and run through Satui’day. All meetings Avill be held in the Union ballroom. Following registration tomon’ow at 9 a. m. in the Union lobby, the conference will be officially opened by J. E. Walters, director of personnel at the University, and R. J. Greenly, professor of trade and industrial education, at 9:30. Wednesday Speakers David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees of the University, will welcome the delegates at the luncheon meeting to be held in the ballroom at 12:30. Speakers on the first day’s program include C. W. “Jones, president of the .Indiana Personnel Association and general superintendent of the Wm. H. Block Co., Indianapolis; M. -M. Olander, personnel director of Owens-Illinois' Glass Company, Toledo; J. J. Evans, personnel manager of Armstrong _ Cox'k Co., Lancaster, Pa.; C. R. Dooley, manager of industrial relations, Socony-Vacuum; C. J. Hicks, chairman of the Industrial Relations Counselors, N. Y. City; H. 0. Roberts, personnel director, Servel Inc.; W. R. Allen, director of personnel for L. S. Ayres Co.; P. B. Dougherty, personnel director for Indiana General Service Co.; and B. A. Thornton, personnel director of the Indiana and Michigan Electric Co., South Bend.
Among the speakers and their subjects to be discussed will be: “Problems Peculiar to Rural Underwi'iting,” Alen C. Palmer, Indianapolis; “Differences Between the Rural and Urban Mind,” Prof. 0. F. Hall, professor of educational sociology at Purdue; “History of Life Insurance,” Howard E. Nyhart, Indianapolis; “How a Life Insurance Company Operates,” Horace Storer, of Indianapolis; “The Making of a Rate,” Virgil E. Samms, of Indianapolis; “Analysis of a Life Insurance Policy,” Eber N. Spence, of Indianapolis; “Types of Contracts and Their Adaption to Rural Needs,” B. H. Eversmeyer, of Indianapolis; “Life Insurance Measured as an Investment,” Dr. George Byers, of Lafayette; “Plans and Purposes of Life Insurance,” A. L. Dern, of Ft. Wayne; “The Economic Status of the Farmer Today,” Dr. E. C. Young, of the Farm Management staff; “Ethips of Life Underwriting,” Herbert A. Luckey, Indianapolis; and “Why the Farmer Needs Life Insurance,” W. H.
Smith, of Lafayette.
More Topics
“Prospecting in Rural Communities,” Floyd Foreman, Logansport; “Basic Sales Points in the Farm Interview,” E. Leo Smith, Indianapolis; “Sales Presentations That «Have Worked,” Charles Diller. Pandora, 0.; “Answering the Objections of the Farmers,” 0. F. Gilliom, Berne; “Selling to ;|he Wives and Children,” John Markley, Columbia City; “Selling to the Rural Professional Man,” Richard McElroy, Indianapolis; “Selling to the Rural Business Man,” C. K. James, Logansport; “The Use of Motivating Stories,” A. N. Kahler, Indianapolis; “Organization of Effort in the Rural Field,” J. R. Townsend, Indianapolis; “The Future of the American Farmer,” L. E. Hoffman, Associate County Agent Leader, from Purdue.
Eleanor Kisticr, Crash
Victim, Returns Home Wood To Write Story
Eleanor Kistler, HE ’42, injured last month in an automobile accident, was released from the hospital yesterday. She returned to her home in Western Springs, 111. Kathryn Howell, ME ’42, and Margaret Mathes, HE ’40, are still confined at the hospital. The three . male students hurt in the accident have been released. Prof. Cooley Speaks At Percheron Meeting Prof. R. B. Cooley, of the animal husbandry , department spoke on “The Importance of Measurements in Judging Horses” at a national conference of Percheron judges and breeders Saturday at Carme.l. Professor Cooley was invited by the Percheron Horse Association of America, Chicago, to appear on the program with 14 leading horse experts in the country. Professors... I . . . D. D. Ewing and L. E. Beck of the School of Electrical Engin-^ eering are attending the annual convention of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education at Pennsylvania State College. Professor Beck is to present a paper on Electrical Engineering Courses lor Mechanical Engineering .students. Dr. H, H. Remmers... . . head of the division of educational lefeience, will leave today for Milwaukee to attend the summer meeting of the Ameiiean Association for the Advancement of Science. He will attend a meeting of the council of the oiganization; he is also secretaiy of the Education Section.
Ether
Edits
Of Ag Education Word has been received here re- " cently through an announcement made by the office of' Education of the United States Department of Interior and i the State Superintendent of Public Instruction that L. A. Wood, instructor of vocational agriculture at Montmorenci High School, has been chosen to serve in an advisory capacity in writing a story ^of agricultural education of less than college grade in the United States. I He will serve with Paul Bosvton, superintendent of City SfehpQls, Greencastle, .as advisors from Indiana. These two men were selected by Floyd I. McMurray, superintendent of public instruction of Indiana, in his recommendations to Hon. J. W. Studebaker, United States Commissioner of Education. In their work they will cooperate with Rufus W. Stimson, research specialist in agricultural education, who will direct the writing of the story. Homer Allen Named For NYU Scholarship Homer Allen, assistant professor of physical education, has been awarded a scholarship for the cui-rent intersession by New York University’s national Center for Safety Education, it was announced recently by Haiold 0. Vooi’his, secretary of the eastern school. The course is designed to aid the students in developing safety piograms in their own cities and states, and in teaching safety in schools and colleges. Sixty teachers and supervisors of safety education from 25 states and the Distiict of Columbia were awaided scholarships. The course will con-
tinue until June 80.
By Hank Miller Radio Guide has just announced the results in their Star of Stars election with Nelson Eddy taking the top ranking. Other bests were: commentator, Lowell Thomas, heard on WLW at 4:45; comedian, Edgar Bergen; dramatic program. Lux Theater; actor, Don Ameche; singer of popular songs, Bing Crosby and Kate Smith; announcer, Don Wilson.
E E
Now a glance at what’s on the ether tonight. At 6 p. m., Johnny Presents, WMAQ; 6:30, Information Please, WLS; 7 :b0, Ai’tie Shaw, WENR; 7:30, Benny Goodman’s orchestra, WBBM, or Fibber McGee and Molly, WLW; 8:00, Bob Hope and Shinnay Ennis, WLW, or Hal Kemp, WBBM; 9:00, Freddy Martin’s band, WGN; and 10:30, Glen Gray’s orchestra, WGN. * Tomoi-row night brings up Tommy Dorsey’s orchestra at 6:30 over WLW and dorft forget Lights Out at 10:30 also on WLW. If you have to get up to make a 7 or an 8 o’clock, we recommend the Early Bii’ds on WFBM from 6:30 to 8 every morning, that is if you don’t mind a few commercial announcements and like popular music. WFBM is on 1230 kc. ,
E E
Many of you will remember Don Faust, WBAA announcer for over a year. Don’s voice may now be heard daily over IBC, Indianapolis, xyhere he has been working for about three weeks.
E E
Here’s some information about musical tryouts over WBAA. No definite time has been set for musical talent to audition, but anyone desiring a hearing may get one by calling the station, 6076, anytime during the day and a time will be set for said hearing. As evidenced by the questionnaires filled out at registration, there is a lot of musical talent on the campus this summer and there should be quite a few Some 25 SS students appeared at WBAA’s studio last night to take the audition for positions on the announcing staff. Much good material was uncovered, thought it is expected that there are many other students on the campus that, for one reason or another, were not able to get to the tryouts. Anyone that fajled to get to the studio last night, and still wants to take an audition, is asked to call 6076 during the day and a time will be set for this as well as for musical tryouts. We have some interesting information for Thursday’s column but that’s all for now, so 73’s.
Summer Session Calendar Convocations, Social And Recreational Events June 24—4-7:00 p. m.—-Summer Session Picnic, Ross Civil Camp. 25—7:30 p.m.—Musical Program, Fowler Hall. Sermon, Dr. Henry Hitt Crane, Detroit, Michigan. 28— 8:00 p.m.—Stadium Songfest. 29— 6:30-8 p.m.—^“Games on the Green,” immediately north of the
Fieldhouse.
-8:00 p.m.—Mixer, Union Building. -3:00 p. m.—Cantata, Adoramus te by Clokey, Fowler Hall.
July
30-
2-
5—8:00 p. m.-
-Stadium Band Concert, West Lafayette High School
Band.
6—6:30-8p. m.—“Games on the Green.” *10—9:00 a.m.—Convocation, Sidney B. Hall, State Superintendent of Public Instruction, West Virginia. 12— 8:00 p.m.—Stadium Play. 13— 6:30 p.m.—Summer Session Banquet, Union Building—Charles M. Newcomb, speaker. 14— 8:00 p.m.—Mixer, Union Building. 19— 8:00 p.m.—Stadium Songfest. 20— 6:30-8 p. m.—“Games on the Green.” 26—8:00 p. m.—Stadium Band Concert, West Lafayette High School Band. ' *27—10 a. m.^—Convocation—E. E. Moore, General Superintendent, Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Gary, Indiana. 28—8:00 p.m.—Summer Session Prom, Union Building. Aug. 2—8:00 p. m.—Stadium Play. 3—6:30-8p. m.—“Games on the Green.” Swimming for both men and women five days a week (except Saturday) in Memorial Gymnasium, 4:45-5:30 p. m.; open swims in Fieldhouse daily, 7:30-9 p. m.
■' All-University Convocations. Classes closed. Conferences And Short Courses June 12-July 1—1:30-3:00 p. m.—Round Table Discussions—Topics dealing with4;he Foundations of Education—Room 311, Pharmacy Building, The student body and public are invited to participate in these discussions. 19-23—Rural Youth Training School. 19-24—Rural Leadership School. 19-24—Rural Life Underwriters Short Course. 21-24—Personnel Conference. 23-July 2—Music Leadership Training School. July 26-30—Vocational Agriculture Teachers Annual Conference. July 10-13—Educational Leaders Clinic. 11-13—Educational Publishers Exhibit—Union Building ^nd Fowler Hall. Student instruction in flying is offered at the Purdue Airport during the entire Summer Session. / The general public is invil^ed to attend the convocations, lectures, outdoor plays, and songfests listed on this calendar.
Philippine Here To Study Purdue^ Managment With the purpose of gathering ideas to take back and apply at^' his own institution, Vincent Lontok, business director and secretary of the University of the Philippines at Manila, is on the campus to spend the next month or'^' six weeks studying the business methods and other factors in the management of the University. His visit is a direct result of the time spent last autumn and winter‘d by President E. C. Elliott in M^n- ‘ ila as special advisor to the boald. of regents of the University of ' the^Philippines on reorganization of that institution. ^ Lontok came to this country several weeks ago to visit leading' American educational institutions. Among these are Leland Stanford, California at Berkely and^f - southern bi'anch at Los Angeles, Iowa, Minnesota, Columbia, Wisconsin, and Chicago. To Study U. S. “We have come overe here to” brush up on our work,” said Lontok, who praised highly the services rendered by Pi’esident Elliott while in Manila. , “In our high schools, all students study American history andvgovernment and all of us know considerable of these things and amout your country, but it is impossible to get an idea of it and of the vastness of this nation^ until one drives across it, sees the counti’y and people. Then we can begin to understand why this is a great nation.” Lontok cited three of the most important contributions AmericansT have made to the Philippines as I public schools, good roads, and * sanitation, as well as their system of government.
Classified Ads
LOST—Pi Beta Phi pin somewhere be- ■ tween Union and Pi Phi house. Ruth Zimmerman. Phone 5041.
ROOM FOR RENT—New home, semi-air conditioned, private entrance, continuous hot water, summer rates.—110 E. Stadium Ave Tel 35271.
Take advantage of Gullion’s selection of sport clothes to keep cool and neatly dressed in this warm weather. We have a complete selection of the latest styles and the finest quality in town.
Sport Shirts Wash Trousers Shirts and Sox Newest Styles
‘ /
1 M C. in the Village
RIDE IN Sryj-E IN A YELLOW CAB
5023
Phones
3071
Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunks YELLOW CAB CO.