' *
»>■
Badgers Edge Slipping Boilermakers, 43-42
Z-185
Founded In 1889
m Daily Since 1906
Volume 52. No. 116
Tuesday. February 18. 1941
Name Doan, Mackey For Sports lobs Veteran Staff Members Named To Assist Elward In Administrative Work Two veteran members of the University athletic staff, Charles “Pop” Doan, manager of ticket sales, and Guy “Bed” Mackey, assistant football coach, have been appointed as administrative assistants in the division of Physical Education for Men, it was announced yesterday. They will provide Mai Elward with assistance in handling administrative affairs. Both will retain their present positions. Doan, who was named to a position ojp^ |Jie University mathematics staff in 1918, a berth which he still holds, was appointed to the athletic staff in 1920. He is freshman baseball coach and manager in charge of ticket sales. His new position will enlarge his financial activities in the department. Mackey was appointed assistant Treshman football coach in 1929. He was promoted to the varsity staff as assistant coach in 1932, and has been responsible for the development of the Boilermaker forward wall as line coach since Elward took over the head coaching duties four ' years ago. In addition to this, he will now handle other details of the intercollegiate program, r.r.r. Naval Board Notifies 160 Juniors, Seniors To Apply As Ensigns Approximately 160 junior and senior engineering students were notified by telephone last night that they have been selected to make application for commissions as ensigns in the engineering division of the United States Navy. Selections were made at an all-day meeting of the board of review, headed by Professor C. P. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, yesterday. Those selected will report to the personnel ofiSces today and tomorrow to sign application blanks. It is important that these blanks be signed by Wednesday at the latest. Physical examiners, oflScers from the Ninth Naval District Headquarters in Chicago, will be on the campus Monday through Wednesday of next week. r.r
'Knighting Of Sir Loin' Tonight At Ag Banquet “The Knighting of Sir Loin” banquet and pageant will be held this evening in room 363 of the Union, starting at 6 o’clock. Charles E. Snyder, president of the Chicago Saddle and Sirloin Club and editor of the Chicago Daily Drovers Journal, will be the main speaker at the banquet which follows the pageant. All freshmen, upperclassmen and short course students taking animal husbandry are invited to attend this colorful pageant and banquet. Tickets are sixty cents and may be purchased from animal husbandry instructors or Hoof and Horn Club members, d.e.b. Sigm$Pi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Jack Kennedy, of Culver,
..-.From All Fronts.^— Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ino. • No Italians Left In Egypt There are no Italians left, except as prisoners, in Egypt, the Sudan or Kenya colony, British headquarters in Cairo declared today. • Jap Policy Backfires “The latest backfire from Japan’s blow - hot - blow - cold policy came over the week-end,” radios A. T. Steele from Singapore, “when the British Navy announced its intention to lay a minefield off the southwest coast of Malaya.” o Bulgaria Can't Stop Hitler “Turkey is still determined that Hitler shall not reach the Aegean by way of Bulgaria,” radios George Weller from Sofia, “and Bulgaria confesses with disarming frankness her inability to oppose him.” o Nazi 'Black Sea Heligoland' An uncensored dispatch today describes the new German “Heligoland of the Black Sea,” which is seen as an important weapon should fighting be carried into the Balkans. o Australia Independent Policy “The beginnings of an independent foreign policy are becoming apparent in Australasia,” writes Carroll Binder. “If Great Britain should go the way of France . . . this tendency undoubtedly would be greatly accentuated.” o Greece Must Fight Alone Greece is now left to fight alone, except for British aid, cables William H. Stoneman from London. Yugoslavia’s submission to Hitler is indicated, he points out, Rumania is occupied, Bulgarian occupation is under way, and Turkey is unable to move. o Petain Accepts Nazi Terms There were strong indications today, radios Paul Ghali from Vichy, that Petain’s government has accepted at least part of Germany’s conditions for settlement of the Laval incident. • British Drop Pamphlets Propaganda pamphlets were showered upon German - occupied Poland by British fliers in a roimd trip journey of 2,000 miles, London reported today. It was the first such flight since the war began. WBAA To Broadcast IU Basketball Game WBAA has received permission from the Federal Communications Commission to broadcast the Indiana basketball game at Bloomington on March 1 and the Northwestern game here on March 3, as well as both prelims and finals of the Big Ten indoor track and field championships to be held here on March 7 and 8. The Bloomington broadcast wiB be direct from the Pidldhouse instead of by the usual telegraphic report. Adivitles Bureau Needs Men And Co-ed Workers Activities Bureau call-outs for freshmen men and co-ed workers will be held today and tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the bureau’s office, room 366 of the Union, according to W. D, Qipe, director of the bureau. He added that freshmen who are not interested in the bureau, but are interested in participating in other activities are welcome to attend the meetings as the woi^k of other organizations will be discussed. «,gJc.
Turkey Acts 'Gallopin'Gert'
To Keep Out Of Axis War
Still Determined Nazis Shall Nat Reach Aegean Sea By Way Of Bulgaria By George Weller SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Sofia, Feb. 17.—Overhung by the threat of German invasion, Turkey and Bulgaria were shaking hands today and promising each other to be good neighbors, as diplomatic talks here drew to a close. Although Bulgaria is expected for the present to keep four divisions on the Turkish border, and Turkey will retain a large number of troops in Thrace, both powers have parted, with mutual assurances that they have no design to call upon Germany and Great Britain for aggression against each other. Turkey is still determined that Hitler shall not reach the Aegean by way of Bulgaria, and Bulgaria confesses with disarming frankness her inability to oppose him. With Britain’s frontal listening post for the embryo Balkan war now located here in Bulgaria, and her headquarters already transferred to Istanbul, the ministries in Rumania of Greece and Turkey are playing the part of rear guard (Continued on page 4) Prof. Hall To Present Marital Talk Thursday In Education Building At 4 p. m. Thursday in the lecture room of the education building, Professor Oakel Hall of the education, psychology, and sociology dmsion will deliver the first of an annual series of six lectures on marital relations. ^ T^ Years Ago These informal lectures for seniors were started ten years ago by Professor Hall and Earl Butz, then editor of the Exponent. A single lecture given as an experiment proved so-Succes?fful that a series of ten were drawn up. This number was later cut to six. About 400 students attended the meetings. Professor Hall’s topic, “Making Marriage More Meaningful,” has to do with the sociolbgicsl side of marriage. Xt will point out the factors which make toward a successful married life and stress the growing need for more education in marital psychology. Psytdiology, 'Too! The second meeting will be led by Dr, E- Lowell Kelly who will give the psychological side of the subject. Arrangements for combining this nop-credlt course with the regular three-hour evening marriage course are in the ofilng, hut have not beep verified as yet. Also tentative, is a plan for inviting religious leaders to the meetings and having them point out the religious and moral aspects of the married state. r.r.r. Betty Wkkard ... HE *40, hW been appointed assistant buyer of women’s sport clothes at L. S. Ayres & Co. department store in Indianapolis. Miss Wickard took courses in clothing and merchandising in the home ec-* onomica school while she attendied the University.
Bridge Failure Movie Thutsday Moving pictures of the failure of the Tacoma Narrows suspension bridge will be sho\ni at the joint meeting of the student chapters of the national engineering societies, Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engin-
eering Building.
Professor C. A. Ellis, who helped design the Golden Gate bridge, will answer questions and has promised to “stick his neck out,” as he expressed it, and tell what in his opinion will be the findings of the two engineering commissions appointed to investigate the cause of the fail-
ure.
The picture is a composite of all of the pictures taken at the scene of the disaster, and shows the best views of the contortions of “Galloping Gertie” as the bridge was knovnti. e.g.k.
Riveters Defeated On Chanty To$$0s By JOE DOLAN - ' " " / " Exponent Sports Editor , ^ " Yes, indeed, Wisconsin still hopes that “there will alwajra be an Englund,” but after last night’s game in the Purdue Fieldhouse, the Badgers sincerely hope that future CardinAl'athIbte aspirants will emulate the showing of 1940-4% Wiscpnsijb t^ajU^ against the Riveters, because last night pother lYis^nsin.eJu]^ waited until the last minute to defeat a Purdue teaiiH.4Jhis'l%3ie^ 43-42. The defeat at the hands of the visitors defifiitelY Purdue the ”10 count” for the season. ‘ " . T ^ As gfeat defensive play by Caress and Blemker held confcre^e tea^qr Englund to fbur points during the initial half, another Badger upfier^g was dug out of the Squad, just hs the visitor’s football squad "had deme Idst fali.'Hfs nhme was John Kotz, a sophomore. Six Push * This young mSfi tosfsed six deadly long right hand push shots’ down «ie chimney, plus three fouls, but when the chips were down in cutting down Purdue’s seemingly everlasting lead, it was the great dead-panned England who steered Wisconsin to victory with seven free throws. But the real heroic sight of the evening was provided by Don Blemker, a man Who showed more guts than any Purdue man has thus far this season. It was Blemker who was Jtorced to stand at the foul Iftie after the final gun had ended the regulation game with the Badgers in the lead, 43-41. He Was notified by referee Glen Adams that he could have the pleasure of tying" the count with two free throws, the only catch being that Don had to make both of ’em. Didn’t Go In The only thing that could have happened did—^the crowd became deathly silent, the Wisconsin team said all kinds of prayers to Satan that Don would become inhabited, and Mr. Blemker shot the ball that he wiH see the rest of his life—it didn’t go in. “On Wisconsin” Purdue grabbed a 16-8 lead at the start of the game, but Kotz righthanded the Boilermakers into dizziness, Purdue managing to hold a 24-18 margin at the half. During the last half the visitors began their whittling until the Purdue lead cracked with 12 minutes left, Wisconsin taking a (Continued on page 4)
Carleton Smith Leads s*"*"** Freshman Co-eds
ASCAP-BMI Debate In Fowler Hall Tonight Carleton Smith, music editor of Esquire and Coronet, will discuss the ASCAP-BMI bickerings tonight at 7:30 at a special forum in Fowler Hall. The forum, which is sponsored by Tau Kappa Alpha, WBAA and the campus musical organizations, is open to all interested students. ' During the past eight years. Smith has spent at least six months of each year touring in Europe. During this time he has talked to Churchill, Mussolini, Hitler, Molotov, and Vargas. At the present time he is on tour lecturing on music, current events, and the relationship between the two. Following the talk, an open forum will be held. This meeting is one of those regularly presented by Tan Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary. Student musical organizations and WBAA have aided in bringing this lecture on the current squabble to the campus. o.l.a. CotillioR Tickets To Go On Sale Tomorrow Tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion will go on sale today at the University Cashier’s office. 'The tickets, whieh are priced at two dollars, will be sold only to sophomores today and tomorrow. Thursday, they will go on sale to the general student body. Passports are required and a limited number of tickets are available. Dick Jurgens and his band, who will play for the Cotillion February 28, have recently played at the Aragon and Trianon Ballrooms and the Drake Hotel in Chicago, the Chase Hotel in St. Louis, and the Cssino on Catalina Island. Although the band is basically sweet, its numerous novelties and full arrangements keep the more restless members of its audience happy. Featured with the band are Harry Cool, Buddy Moreno, Carl Brandt, Lou Quadling, and Frank Sehrer. o.I.a. \ Wabash Valley . . . social workers held a dinner meeting last night. Professors Muriel McFarland,and Frances Schneider of the division of Education and Applied Psychology spoke on “The Relation of Home Economics to Present Day Social Work.”
Display Friendship In Form Of Plaque President Edward C. Elliott will accept a bronze plaque from the University’s foreign students honoring George Washington Friday afternoon at 4:16 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Ernest Cortissoz, president of the Cosmopolitan Club, will present the plaque for the students. Regarding the plaque, Cortissoz said, “The foreign students want to show their appreciation for the opportunities offered them by the University and country and wish to offer the hand of friendship in this time of world crisis.” PIA Mass Assembly Will Vote On Proposed Constitution Revision For the purpose of voting on the proposed constitutional revision'', there will be a mass PIA meeting Thursday at 4:16 p. m. in rooms 363 and 355 of the Union. Renovations were drawn up last Monday by the Executive Board. They provide for more extensive representation of independent students. Under the old setup, only WRH, SCA, and the Cary Halls had seats on the board. The new scheme is to enlarge that body to include places for representatives of the various wards on the campus. Other changes include the installation of a complete system of ward activities, a program of ward social affairs, remodeling of methods by which some of the committeemen will be chosen, and various wording changes in the constitution. r.r.r. s R. N.Shreve Will Lecture At diem Society Meeting Professor R. N. Shreve, of Di,e chemical engineering department, will apeak before JUhe members «f the student branch of the American Chemical Society and members of Alpha Chi Sigma, chemical engineering honorary, at Iowa State College, Iowa University, and Nebraska University this we^. The subject of his talk will be “Organic Solvents and Inorganic Reactions.” He will also discuss synthetic gems, illustrating bis lecture with a collection which he has formed.
Will Select 2 AWS Board Members Polls Open Tomorrow From 8 To 5 In /Union AWE elections for freshmen representatives on the executive board wiU be held in the Union lobby tomorrow from 8 to 5 o’clock. Freshmen co-eds win vote for two girls to be representatives. Twelve women have filed petitions for the offices, They include Elizabeth Baughman, Jean Brackman, Nelda Byrum, Mary Avis DahL Ruth Holden, Betty Hutchins, Lucie Ann Johnson, Jean Langton, Jean Laur, Natalie H. Lowey, Shirley Whiteman, and Ann Wickard. The executive board of AWS is composed of representatives of each class, the officers, and committee chairmen. This bc^d formulates and carries out the program of the organization. Two freshmen, Ruth Frier and Virginia McDonald, were elected as the freshmen representatives for the first semester. The two representarives for the second semester will he elected by all freshmen co-eds j^om the girls who turned in petitions. Passports will be necessary to be able to vote. a.c. President f//foH ... will speak today at the weekly meeting of the Indianapolis Rotary Club on “Leadership.” The 4-H Club leaders who will be there for a training school, one of the several being conducted over the state by the department of agriculture extension of Purdue, will be special guests at the meeting. Big Ten Scores Indiana 40; Ohio State 33 Illinois 56; Iowa 53 Minnesota 55; Northwestnm 34 Michigan 42; Chicago 29 Northwestern Tickets Senior identificatieit carda wiR bo honored this niemidg la Ifta Fieldbouse fw teaeatve tickets to the Nortbweatem ga^te, it ^ amumneed last oigbt IL Doaa, gkanager eltkiiHsiaiii. As usual, janioni way get tbik^ coupons excbaagedl ee Wedaee* day, sepboawges ea Tbwrsdbki* and freshmen no Fkiday. Any tickets xenainiag aftm the completion of the student din* tribntion «n Friday WiU be idscei oa sale to the genwal pekikt m Saturday mwalng, Febrnary tkfiaqa 2-~SdiJtA
Tuesday, Februcxry 18, 1941
ipjuAdujL £xpomnL
ULi ui
eamii
f
By Mary Kay
While the profs and the male stu> dents go enucy vdth this "knit one and pnrl two” that has been going en on the campus all jrear, some of our moore aeeomplished co-eds have turned out some definitely wearable artidea. —^wTw— The favorite knitted product is the long sleeved slipover with a crew neck. We saw Mary Henry in an olive green sweater with pushed up sleeves, she wore it with a black skirt and white shirt. . . . Elaine Wellingtea combines a skirt and sweater in coral... .Betty Jacobsen chooses wine boucle for her pullover, whi<^ she wore with a plaid skirt. —^wTw— More knittings . . . Sis Taylor wears a rose beige slipover with pearls... .Ginny Schaupp, known as one of the quickest knitters on campus, wears a white pullover with a pastel plaid skirt. . . . Corrinne Heifers combines an aqua slipover with navy blue pleated skirt, . . . Nancy Sacksteder looks plenty neat in an oatmeal tan pullover with a pastel plaid ddrt of tan, blue and white. —^wTw— Some of the sweaters still in the making are: Eleanor Miller is cieating a pink job. We aren’t sure what type it will be. Tad Stiers is knitting a pale pink pullover with long sleeves.... Jean Lauer is doing one in pale blue (baby blue) angora,... Ginny Schakel is attractive in a medium blue angora pullover with raglan sleeves
TODAY -WED.
CliMEIIVI mm MB'
MARS TOMORROW — ONE DAY ONLY — OH THE STAGE
RADIO STARS IN PERSON
NATCHEZ—The Indian BILL and EVELINA LAZY JIM DAY TILLIE Q. SMITH LAFE HARKNESS FIDDUN' DAISY and Her Rangerettes MERLE TRAVIS and the Drifting Pioneers — ON THE SCREEN
CHARIES
Gina Obrien is different in a rose cardigan with two rows of embroidered flowers down the front... Rosemary Fell has almost completed a yellow angora cardigan.... Martha Jane Fox has a emerald green pullover for Bill Heath almost done.... Janice Yoeman is in the process of making an aiqua sloppy joe. —wTw— Joe Jackson is doing a brown viest for Frank McIIvaine with a cable stitch Alice Chatfield has almost half finished a dusky green pullover. We don’t know who it is for. . . . Faith Wayne is knitting a green pullover for A1 Croxell. . . . There are socks of all description being knitted for both the males and femmes, by some co-eds who aren’t afraid of going crazy with so many needles.... Some of them are using as high as five different colors in their plaid socks. —^wTw— Now how could the profs and the men disapprove of this knitting, when they see what lovely things are being created in the classrooms and on those dates. Who knows, maybe they are knitting for you! —^wTw— That’s all for now, we must get back to our own neglected knitting.
Triangle
"... social fraternity wishes to announce the pledging of William Hoskins, Libertyville, 111.; Henry Wakeland, Indianapolis; Gifford Holden, West Chicago, 111.; George R. McCay, Hammond; William Traylor, Aubuindale, Mass.
The force with which a man can exert his jaws, in pounds per unit area, is approximately five times his body weight.
Change of Schedule February ITth Indiana Motor Bus Company Leaving Lafayette, Ind. 7:35 A. M. 1:15 P. M. 3:15 P. M. 6:30 P. M. For Plymouth, South Bend, Logansport, Peru, Ft. Wayne UNION BUS DEPOT 5th and Ferry Phone 2105
Style Sketched $16.95
Panama Hattie — New alliance with South America Wild fungle flowers run riot on the skirt that gives a new twist to the rumba and nets you more compliments than a gauchos serenade. Sizes 9 to 17. CARLYE JUNJIOR DRESSES Exclusive with LOEB'S in Lafayette
University Graduates Honored At Luncheon University graduates and former students who are serving in the Indiana General Assembly will be guests of honor at the weekly luncheon of the Purdue Alumni Club of Indianapolis tomorrow noon at the Severin Hotel, President Roger T. Sneden announced yesterday. Legislators included in this list are Senator I. Floyd Garrott, Battle Ground, chairman of the state budget committee; Senator Howard Johnson, Mooresville; Senator Bruce Lane, Bainbridge; Senator Robert G. Miller, Bloomington; Senator Albert Ferris, Milton; Representatives Jess C. Andrew, West Point; Edward L. Chubinski, East Chicago; Roy J. Harrison, Attica; Robert H. Heller, Decatur; Charles T. Miser, Garrett; and Howard S. Steele, Knox. A sports review in motion pictures, "The American Way,” with Bob Elson as commentator will also be given by the club. m.f. William Baroes To Speak At Forestry Ciub Meeting William B. Barnes, project leader of the Pittman-Robertson work in Indiana, will speak to the regular meeting of the Forestry Club tonight at 7:30 in the Horticulture Building. All members are urged to attend. Refreshments will be served. The Pittman - Robertson work is the result of a bill passed by the Indiana State Legislature placing a tax on firearms. The money thus received will go toward the development and preservation of wild-life. Playshop Reserved Seat Coupons Due Tomorrow All mail Older coupons for leserved seats to the Playshop production, “Night Must Fall,” must be in tomorrow The box office for diiect exchange will be open from 9 to 12 a m and 1 to 5 p m. daily, beginning Monday, February 24. Reseived seats may also be purchased by mail or at the box office for 75 eepts each The performances will be given from Maich 5 to 8.
Regulation maple ten pins must weigh not less than thiee noi more than three and a half pounds
MARS —LAST TIMES TODAYmmaTnamiiisnum crauHiTcomuER IMS..,
9DA LUPINO A gun-ffloU with a Iwoff HUMPHREY BOGART AdraamerwAhoswif ■« ALAN CURTIS • ARTHUR KENNEDY JOANLESUB-HENRY HULL-HiraiV TRAVnS
^ MBW Ma.1
NOW SHOWING
THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN —any town I
JPJrturs DIr«cl«d by ALFRED HITCHCOCK
SENE RAYMOND lACK GMSON FHiLIP MERIVALE LUCiLE WATSON
— ADDED — DONALD DUCK
The ^th Colnmil
We’ve wondered lately why Uncle Sam can’t give people a case of nerves like Adolf. We’ve finally figured it out, we think. The world quakes when Hitler and Mussolini meet in Brenner Pass. What we need is for Roosevelt... To call a cabinet meeting in Death Valley at midnight. Build a munitions factory in the Black Hills. And hold a conference with MacKenzie King in Devil’s Gulch. But that’s just the beginning. We need to transform Uncle Sam from a benevolent gentleman in a white beard into something mean and nasty. Maybe a gangster with his hat low over his eyes and a smoUniy gim in his hand. 6r maybe a modernized Simon Legree complete with blacksnake whip. But it has to be . . . Something the Axis boys can respect. Adolf has been accused of planning to dump poison gas all over Britain. And of course he has denied the whole sordid story. We know he’s telling the truth because . .. He hasn’t accused Churchill of planning to use the stuff. We picked up some interesting information on Adolf’s relative efficiency in Goidon Enders’ class yesterday. With all his airplanes, and soldiers, and talk, Adolf hasn’t killed as many people in Britain in the
The Purdue Exponent
Entexed m aecond daM nutter at the poet eSIee in Lafayette, Indiaaa, under the aet of Oonsress ef Mareh >, 1879, aad at the epeelal rate of poetaee pravidadifor in section 1108, aet of Oefol^ 8,1017, anthoriaed daaaaqr SO, 1922. Published daily eaeept Monifaer durlns the lemilar aeademie year and wedUy dnrins the Busssser Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, null euhscription $8.60 Bdlterdn-Chlef B. W. Banahae Baeineas Manacer Merla Bacaeseyer Pebllcatiee Staff News Bdltor J. K. MeXee Managins Bdltor D. K. OeMe Assoeiate Editora: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. PnnuU, L. w. Buffner, K. M. Skallemp, J. L. Itaacett. Bminew Staff lioeal AdvartUins Banacetat D. B. Powers, O. Q. Landers; PronMthm Manager, C. F, DanglnaiUsr; Aeaaanta Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Man^r, B. M. Recktenwald. Ce^ Staff Bditor_ _ - r., ~ Beth.Stanpeon Assoeiate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Bath Base, Donna Sieaa. Sports Staff Editor J, P. Dolan Asaoeiate Editors: JT. F. Adamson, P. C. Jshnstn, B. O. Swaim.
Phenaa: EJilerial 4005; Buahiaaa SOiS; Sports 2792 Kepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Serviee, Ine., College Publishera Bepreaeatativee, 420 Madison Ave., New YaA, N. Y, Staff For This Itsuo Night Editor: Traugott Issue BdKer: AUanson Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Bditsrt Zohnson Staff: E. G. Kieper. S. E. Craigmile, W. B. Bafert, JR. K. Runnion, D. E. Butz, M. K. Boynton, V. M. Barson, A. Chatfield.
course of the war as we kill on our Ughways in one year. And we don’t even try. al.a.
WAA Bowlers Enter Third Eliminations Third elimination of the WAA intramural bowling tournament will be held tonight in the bowling alleys of the Union The Wards and South hall will bowl on alleys 6 and 7 and North hall and Antigonish Will bowl on alleys 8 and 9 at 7 o’clock At 8:30 Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Gamma will bowl on alleys 6 and 7 Last Tuesday Chi Omega won from Alpha Chi Omega, 113 South Street from PI A, Antigonish from Alpha Xi Delta, Wards 1, 2, and 3 from Wood Hall, South Hall, team 1 from South Hall, team 2, and North Hall, team 4 fiom Kappa Alpha Theta Maiy Jane Roth who bowled 187 on the Chi Omega team was the high scorer for the evening Other high scoieis were Jane Van Gorkum of the South Hall 1, who bowled 173, Nancy Cooper of the waids who bowled 170, and Betty Galbiaith of the waids who bowled 167 a c Phi Kappa Tau social fiateinity, announces the initiation of Richaid L Fee, Evanston, Illinois
LUNA TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
BmRTMMtl laiainsDIlT lib# CNmh# IMw BiiiittiiHim
ALSO
CkMtWitUtHii- / YOUTH WILL BE served
JaM Dar^*Rolwit Ginway • ElyM Knooi Joe Bcowiit Jr.*Chatlei HdlandQuRlen A IP* CnMuiy Pm Wwil
AAUWToHold Dinner, Discussion Feb. 25 Miss Mary L. Matthews, dean of the home economics school. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, and Miss Amy Bloye, professor of foods and nutritions, will present a panel discussion on the economic and legal status of women after the AAUW dinner which will be held in the Home Economics lunch room Tuesday evening, Febluary 26. The dinner will be served by home economics classes in institution management for class practice. Miss Ruby Clark is chairman of the program committee of the AAUW. a.c. Inter-Racial Group Holds First Meeting At the first meeting of the InterRacial group, held Monday noon in the Union cafeteria, the problem of intei - racial differences was discussed. This new organization is a diiect outcome of the meeting with Jim Farmer who is a Negro leader of Youth. This fellowship is open to all who ai e interested in racial barriers and 0 vex coming them with measures of goodwill and intelligence. Regular meetings will be held every Monday noon in the Union cafeteria, v.m b.
A m CONTRIBUTION Increased Vitamin Graves Quality Breads have an ample supply of it. (RAVES IIIIAlin BAKERV
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— AND-
-ALSO-
'GREEN ARCHER' First Episode
WBAA
TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton—^pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz—^pianist 12:16—Sportsman Comer 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Just Relax 1:16—Town Crier 1:30—Doiothy Washam—sopiano 1:46—Maiket Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:16—Camera Club 2:30—^Parent Forum 2:46—Treasure Chest 3:00—A Chapter A Day 3:16—Magic Carpet 3:30—Organ Moods—Frank Reddy 4:00—Memory Lane 4:16—^Virginia Ulrey—soprano 4:30—Intramural Round-up 4:46—Story Book Hour
Shortridge
The useful life of a bowling ten pm is over 1,000 games
. . . high school, Indianapolis, will hear the University Choir sing m Caleb Mills hall, Thursday, February 27. The Choir is appearing under the auspices of the Indianapolis Immanuel Evangelical church.
Personnel Notes
Please consult bulletin boards fer further information. COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS THE WEEK OF FEBRUARY 17. 1941.— Firestone Tire & Robber Co., Akron, Ohio. Rebruary 17,18, and 19. ChE, ME, and Chemists. American Steel and Wire Ce., Cleveland, Ohio, February 17 and 18. ChE, EE, ME, and Met. E. Chain Belt Co., Milwaukee, Wise. February 18. ChE, and ME. Swift and Company, Chicago, HI. February 18. ME. Caterpillar Tractor Co., Peoria, 111. February 19 and 20. ChE, EE, ME, and Met. E. Mead Corporation, Chillicothe, Ohio. February 19 and 20. ChE. Bendix Products Division, South Bend, Indiana. February 19. ME. Public Service Co. Northern Illinois, Chicago, 111. February 20. ME, EE, PSE. Cincinnati Milling Machine Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. February 20 and 21. ME. Devoc and Reynolds, Louisville, Ky. Febiuary 21. ChE and Chemists (Srs. and Graduates). Harvaid Graduate School, Cambridge, Mass, February 21, Seniors —all schools. Corn Products Refining Company, Argo, Illinois. February 21. ME,'fH&r
Ml
' f'f -.Ws'-'r
s .
, V* ’“4 f V fl
4
*^rA
fijUAduSL ^XpDWmL
Tuesday, February IS, 1941
1^ mm’ mmmmm
Wrestlers Go To Evanston Saturday; Nine Boxers In Golden Glove Finals
With more boxers representing the Boilermaker school in the finals of the Golden Glove tourney than ever before, the athletic department can lay claim to another truly worthwhile accomplishment. Tomorrow night will see nine hopeful young Riveter pugilists enter the ring in quest of a victory in the finals in the Lafayette division of the country-wide tournament. Windy City For Winners Those successful in these encounters will journey to Chicago next Sunday to meet other young devotees of the ring wars during the three battle filled days to follow. With four lads Remaining in each weight class except light-heavy and heavy the winners of the first fight In each class will find it necessary to face another for their second battle in the same evening. Laying a large percentage of the success of his trainees to the fact that they had in back of them the honor of a long list of fine Gold and 'Black teams, Coach Benna considers the support of the student body and of the school indispensible. Tomorrow night when his boys go into the ring the chances are they will fight all the harder because they realize they represent Riveter tradition as well as themselves as individuals. KO Victories Many very highly rated young boxers are among the nine who will wear the Gold and Black colors tomorrow night in the Lafayette armory. Both Jimmy Beers and Rollo Boughan won their last bouts by the KO route; Beers by a full knockout and Boughan by 4 technical knockout. Tomorrow’s bouts will be the fourth in a series to be held at the armory across the river and as usual are scheduled to get under way at about 7:46 p. m. Probably one of the most anticipated bouts of the whole evening is in the heavyweight
Racqueteers Take Pair Of Wins From Two Chicago Foes After doing the phenominal trick of taking two encounters in one day, Chief Clevett’s squash team will have the remainder of the week for practice and then will go to Louisville, Ky. for another strenuout two match set-'to Saturday. During the week-end Captain Jim Mann and the Boilermaker racqueteers went to Chicago to trade shots with the squash clubs of Northwestern and Chicago. They met the Wildcats in the afternoon and applied the whitewash brush, 6 to 0. In the evening the Maroons were shut out by the same margin. Riveters Mann, Adams, Kalbfleisch, N. Goldstein and Green were responsible for one point each in both matches. Forcefully proving their durability, the Gold and Black racquet wielders will venture down into the Blue Grass State on Saturday for a brace of matches. They will meet the Pen Denis Club in the afternoon and go on to the Winn-Stay Club for the evening games. The same team that fared so well in the Windy City will make the Louisville trip, e.t.c.
division. Two-hundred and thirty pound Riveter tackle, Barry French, is to come to blows with the 210 pound Lafayette negro Floyd Starks. Following aie the Boilermaker lads scheduled to see action tomorrow night: 118 pound class, Robert Phillips; 126 pound class, Jack Threlfall; John Pyle; 135 pound class. Bill McClure; Jimmy Beers; 147 pound class, Rollo Boughan; 160 pound class, Horace Payne; 176 pound class, Donald Daley; heavyweight, Barry French, d.w.m.
Shortly after school Friday afternoon the Boilermaker wrestling squad will pack into automobiles and leave for Evanston, Illinois, where they engage the Northwestern Wildcats in a return dual match Saturday afternoon. Gave NU Five Points Fresh from their 23 to 11 triumph over the same Northwestern squad last Saturday, the Riveters will be putting forth everything they have got to run their string of victories to five straight over opposing matmen. It is interesting to note that the final score doesn’t quite tell an accurate story of the superiority of the Boilermakers over the Wildcats on that particular afternoon, for our team was forced to forfeit the decision in the 128 pound division because of their failure to enter a man. Added strength is lent to the squad by the return of Bob Britt to the roster. Bob, a West Lafayette boy, has been forced out of action by a bad case of the flu, but now his recovery has brought the team to the highest peak it has reached in the past few weeks. More Trouble Ahead Following Saturday’s encounter, the matmen entrain next week for what promises to be one of the toughest stretches of their season. Monday will find the Riveters in Champaign, Illinois, for their match with the University of Illinois. On Wednesday they move on to Bloomington, Indiana to meet the Fightin’ Hoosiers in the first dual engagement between the two institutions this season, and then the Boilermakers await the coming of Wisconsin’s Badgers on Saturday when the last home meet of the season will be held in the Fieldhouse. The tournament to determine the winner of the Western Conference IS scheduled for the seventh and eighth of March and will be held at the University of Ohio State at Columbus, Ohio.
Iriihmaii’s lllnsitis
“Remember the Military Ball? I “I had a swell time didn’t you?' “Why did you think of that? 'Why, my old ^ 1941 DEBRIS.
In Two Weeks, the Price of the Debris will be Raised! ^IjojuhA. Tloiv hfi, $lf.50
Trackmen Prepare For Iowa ~ Northwestern Triangular Meet As a forerunner to what they may exp^ in the Western Conference Indoor Meet, the Riveter thindads were among the 40 or 60 teams who participated in the Blinois Rdays over the week-end. Dave Rankin provided one of the few bright spots for the Phillips coached runners. All-American Dave crowded Ar-
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Lavrrence Archibald has just returned from Columbus, Ohio, where he did a grand job of substituting for ole Joe in covering the State game (or disaster). "Arch” tells me that the candle power of the Ohio State Fieldhouse or Coliseum is about 60% that of ours, and the lighting system is similar to that of Michigan’s gym—^which is of a religious, soft variety. The Coliseum is where the Buckeye farmers hold their state fair each season. Arch tells us that this Fisher fellow shoots under his guard’s arm with a low swing shot from close in near the hoop—similar to the shot used by Purdue’s famous awkward Bob Kessler of five years ago. Purdue’s boundary lines are easily differentiated, but the court lines at State were as hard to find as fleas on a fly ... or a near facsimile. Other reports declare that Purdue’s efforts were somewhat flatfooted, failing to meet passes, the all essential part of a set play, especially when the fast break is stopped. This is written before last night’s encounter — so maybe we have a home-loving team. —I-I— I dropped in at Dr. Miller’s office yesterday for an interview, and before I could escape a dozen doses of cure-all, five shots, seven pills, one fish story, and a yard of tape, Doc had informed me of his team’s great showing against the Flying Cadets. These Flying Cadets are the best bowlers among the cadets who represent 22 colleges, all conference schools included. Doc beat ’em 322 pins, and incidentally Dr. Miller was the individual star of the match, rolling a 218 average for his three games.
chie Harris for honors in the allairound event, the latter finally emerging with the scant margin of eight points, 6,277 to 6,269. In order to beat out the Boilermaker star, Hairis had to break the Illini Relay shof put record. Breaking a previous mark of 46 feet, 6 inches, which was established in 1931 by Berlinger of Pennsylvania, the giant Indiana Negro tossed the lead ball 48 feet, 4% inches. To demonstrate the closeness of the battle between Harris and Rankin, Dave was runner-up in the shot put and both did very well in each of the seven events. Two Firsts For Dave Rankin took the 76 yard dash in eight seconds fiat and was only onefifth of a second from the record. Harris and Rankin both placed well in the 880 yard run, Archie taking second and Dave fourth. The former was also third in the 76 yard dash. Bert Anthony captured a second in the number two heat of the 800 yard run. Rankin won the first heat in the 76 yard high hurdles in :9.8 seconds, and took a fourth in a 6 feet, 1% inch high jump event. Kron and Jentsch were responsible for the two remaining places credited to the Gold and Black, the former finishing second in the first heat
of the low hurdle*, and Jentseh placed well pip in the 1,000 yard run. Here’s That Man Again The thinlies met up with an old friend when they saw Minnesota’s George Franek turn in a :7A second 76 yard dash. Of course, George is more familiar to all in a football uniform, but even in shorts and shoes he is troublesome. On Friday Coadi Phillips takes his team to Iowa City for a triangular meet with Iowa’s Hawkeyes and Northwestern. When Die three squads met last year in the Riveter Fieldhouse, the hosts came out on top. Philfips will take his tracksters out to the "com state” Thursday afternoon and the meet will be the following evening. o.t.e. IM SchodulM BASKETOAU:, Tueeday, February 18 Court 1: H. Young 7:00 H 3 TS H 1 7:1S A 3 vs A 1 8:00 B 3 VB B 1 8:16 C 3 VB C 1 Court 2: Harry Schwartz 7:00 D 8 VS D 1 7:16 £ 3 vs £ 1 8:00 F 3 vs F 1 8:16 S 3 vs 8 1 Court 3: C. H. Bechenbach 7:00 H 4 vs H 2 7:16 A 4 vs A 2 8:00 B 4 vs B 2 8:16 C 4 vs C 2 Court 4: John 2ehring 7:00 D 4 VB D 2 7:16 £ 4 VB E 2 8:00 F 4 VB F 2 8:16 S 4 VB 8 2
REST ASSURED at HOTEL FOWLER 200 Rooms Fireproof Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fir Main Sta. Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191^ Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—tower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Price* 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Taitor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel BMe. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 arKi upfin*
‘i i’-f
S
ri iK<
wrf t Al > 4 f' V i i ‘I i . ,i. M' li, ,
fiaga ^TloikaJk
Tuesday, Febraory 18, 1941
fijfjuhjUL £xptmanL
I**" *, i»' ! ^rj IF
1. R. JiAnston, Information Director, PublishesBiographiesOt Trust^s
(Continued from page 1)
By Rath Rose State governors, a United States I*resident, famolis authors and statesmen have all served las memberp of the University Board of Trustees during the past seventyfive years, it is revealed in a book just off the press entitled, “The T^mstees and Oncers of Purdue University, 1865-1940,” -The book was written by Thomas R. Johnston, University director of information. Short Sketches The 428-page volume contains shojrt . biographical sketches and photographs of all the persons who have served on .the-jpoard of Trustees since its establishment by the Morrill act of Congress in 1865. Miss Helen Hand who served for ntany years as secretary to the president assembled the photographs for the book. The preface is written by President E. C. Elliott. First Board The first board, created under the act of 1865, had Governor Oliver P. Morton, the famous Civil War governor, as chairman. Other members were Henry Tt^lor of Lafayette, Smith Vawter of Jennings county, Lewis Burk of Wayjie,County, and Alfred Pollard of Gibson County. Pollard, however, never served and R. M. McColly Memorial Services Held Sunday Memorial services for Robert M. McColly, CE '41, were held at 4:30 o’clock Sunday afternoon at the Christian Church. Rev. Doyle Mullen spoke. McColly was killed in an automobile accident last December. He was very active in the Purdue Christian Foundation and was president of “The Twelve” at the time of his death. He was also a member of Acacia fraternity, d.t.b. Dr. Kelley Will Address Flying Club Tomorrow Dr. E. L. Kelly, of the education and applied psychology department, will address the Flying Club tomorrow at the organization’s meeting in the Union. Dr. Kelly, who owns a plane at the University airport, has chosen for his topic “The Flying Club and Its Organization.” p.s.
was replaced by Isaac Jenkinson, a publisher from Fort Wayne, and later Richmond. This first board met on October 20^ 1865. Other “Big Shots” Other noted people who have served on the board include Governor, and later Vice-President, Thomas A. Hendricks; President Benjamin Harrison; John PurdUe, principal donor in founding the University; George Ade, author and playwright; Addison Harris, onetime minister to Austria-Hungary; and Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, the first woman to serve on the board. (Continued from page 1) Badgers Edge Out 34-33 lead on Kotz’s long righthanded heave from the foul line. At this point the student body entered the fray to inform umpire Ike Craig that he needed glasses, which Purdue trainer Earl Cripe offered Mr. Craig. Fouls were called right and left, with the one-point lead see?sawing back and forth until Kotz took careful aim from ten feet out and dropped another one hander to give the Badgers a two point lead of 43-41, one minute, 11 seconds to go. Captain Bog Igney was taken from the Purdue bench, but Wisconsin, warned of his deadly hitting in the pinches, allowed him but two olf-balance long shots in the remaining time. Offensive salients were exchanged back and forth until the gun, at which time the referees decided to give Purdue a “sporting chance” by putting Blemker on the spot and Lambert’s heart into an Hungarian Rhapsody. The sad news:
Third Annual Greek Indoor Track Meet
SUMMARY
PURDUE Sprowl, f Riley, f Igney, f Blanken, c Blemker, g Caress, g Krampe, g Totals WISCONSIN Epperson, f Kotz, f Scheiwe, f. Englund, c Timmeiman, Strain, g Alwin, g. Rehm, g. Totals
FG FT PF 4 5 2 3 2 2
PF 3 2 0 3 2 4 1 0
15 13 16
Technical foul—Epperson Referee—Glenn Adams, DePauw Umpire—Ike Craig, Illinois Wesleyan
Includes 12 Events A record field of over 200 Greek athletes will participate in the Third Annual Interfraternity Indoor Track and Field Meet which is to be held Thursday and Friday in the Fieldhouse. A perennially strong Beta Theta Pi entry will put up a strong bid to retain the indoor championship crown which they won in the meet last year. The Alpha Gamma Rho’s and the Alpha Kappa Lambda’s finished close upon the heels of the Beta contingent to cop second and third places in the 1940 contest. Two Day Event This year’s meet will be held on two successive days, with six events scheduled for each afternoon. On Thursday the 60 yard dash, the 60 yard high hurdles, the broad jump, the shot put, the 880 yard run, and the two mile race will be run off in this same order. On Friday afternoon the 60 yard low hurdles, the high jump, the pole vault, the 440 yard dash, the mile run and the four-man relay will complete the competition. Not more than two men of the same organization will be allowed to compete in any one event, with the exception of the relay race. In this relay each entrant will run 110 yards to make a 440 yaid race. To The Victor . . . Each fraternity entered will receive 50 participation points, with 10 additional points going to the winner and 5 more to the runner up. A beautiful trophy will be presented to the victorious team, with all of the individual winners receiving attractive medals. Frosh, Sophomore Manager Call-out Freshman and sophomores interested in becoming baseball manageis are asked to report to John Davis or Gilbert Kegerris at the. Basketball floor in the Pieldhouse, Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock according to Jim Adams, junior manager. Sophomores who come out at this time will be eligible for Junior positions, he stated.
PRIZES for Model Airplane Builders BEGINS TODAY — ENDS IN MAY for Further Information See UNIVERSITY DRUG CO.
Next to Post Oflfice
Phone 4094
Phone 4094
Lose Something? Find It by Running a Classified Advertisement in the Purdue Exponent Minimum Charge 25c
Phone 5038
Phone 5038
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
scouts, while the British consolidate the southern area. Civilian Suits for Nazis Reported preparations for heavy transport on Bulgarian railroads are noted in diplomatic talks between the two nations, but only the presence of an armed German soldier can make an issue. That soldier has still not appeared. How likely is his appearance may be judged from the fact that the big Rumanian clothing factory, Scher, a Saxonowned firm with textile mills in Brasov and tailoring shops in Bucharest, last week delivered 11,000 civilian suits to the German Army quarternlasters. As the approximately 4,000 Nazi technicians now employed by the Bulgarians to build air-raid listening stations, widen military highways and improve airports continues to increase, relations grow proportionately strained. At the fii’st authenticated case of German entrance in force, a British ultimatum is likely. In the case of Rumania, with its large German minority of Rumanian citizenship, the Reich’s experts were able to move into key engineering and industrial jobs beforehand, and then to open with “troops of instruction” a military college where the German professors outnumbeied the Rumanian students 2 to 1. Bulgaria, however, has not yet asked to have a graduate school. The lack of a diplomatic pattern for a Nazi advance into Bulgaria has even caused at least one well-re-garded neutral military expert here to say that the Nazis may never cross the Danube at all, and he explains the increase of troops in Rumania only upon a basis of political pressure and healthy military transfers. The entire faculty of the Rumanian academy, he points out, numbers only about 500,000 teachers, barely one-eighth of the professorship Germany is able to put into the field. Red Reply to Nazi Request The weakness of the British in Bulgaria makes the Hitler moral formula for invasion very difficult to predict even for diplomats. In Rumania, five days ago, it was learned that Berlin had asked Moscow the following question: “In the event of the entrance of German troops into Bulgaria and the taking of certain military measures by the Turkish government, what would be the stand of the Soviet Union regarding Turkey?” At German request, the answer was given by the Russian minister in Bucharest to the German minister, Manfred von Killinger. It was: “The Soviet Union is at a loss to know what circumstances would make necessary the entrance of German troops into Bulgaria.” Mortar Board To Condud Silver Prefereace Survey Mortar Board, national scholastic honorary for senior women, is taking a survey of silverware preferences among all senior women. A table will be set up in the place where the old "^est Desk once stood and senior women are urged to come up and state their preferences Wednesday till Friday from 2 until 6:30 o’clock. v.m.b.
‘For my part, the ‘Sarj’ belongs in the engineers—^the way he’s always makin’ mountains outa molehills T"'*
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: John Brack, Indianapolis; Ed Czenkusch. South Bend; Jesse Fant, Newcastle; Myron Hawkins, Indianapolis; Roger Kolb, Coal City; Ed Lewiecki, South Bend; Lew McDonald, Chicago; Norman Mozley, Chicago; Andrew Nelson, Sheffield, Pa.; Cliff Whiting, Evanston, 111.; Ralph Worthington, Hobart.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, February 18, 7:S0 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Business meeting for all members will folloiy. —BURROUGHS.
SCA: There will be a meeting open to all co-op students in room 363 of the Union Wednesday, February io, at 7:30 p. m. —UUMPLIN.
WAA: Tumbling practice Tuesday, February 19. Meet downstaire in Women’s Gym All girls interested in, i^umbling are urged to come. —BRITTON.
Pan^Hellenic Council: There will be a meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 4:16 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —I*ANG.
PI A Dance Classes: For eds and cd-eds start Tuesday, February 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the south ballroom. —HUMPHREY.
Notices
Make-up Examinations in ME Conrsea: Make-up examinations to remove I and C grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 63 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of ME Building. Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT.
Newman Club: Meeting of the contact committee Thursday, February 20, at 4 p. hi. m the Union —McCONAHAY.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, Februaiy 20. at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union instead of Tuesday, February 18. —YATES.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 7.30 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering Building. G. K. Miller will speak on “Radio Receiver Detection.” A new treasurer and secretary will be elected. All members are urged to be present. Use north door. —FREED.
PIA Members: Your attendance is required at the mass meeting Thursday, February 20, at 4:16 p. m. in rooms 366-863 of the Union. The purpose of the meeting IS to vote on proposed revision of the constitution. —MUSSER.
Independent Staff: Regular meeting Wednesday, February 19, at 7:16 p. m. in the PIA office. —SELKOWITZ.
Pi Tau Sigma: There will be a short meeting in the reading room of the ME Building Tuesday, February 18, at 4 p. m All members must be present —WIST.
AIEE: Porcelain products movie Wednesday, February 19, at 4 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Enginering building. —WISE.
Zouaves: Until further notice drill schedule will be Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p. m. Those members who can not be present at these times, please leave the reasons for absence in my box in the Armory. Those who fail to do so will be considered temporarily inactive. Drill starts on Monday, February 17, at 4 p. m. —GIBSON.
AWS Hone Presidents Council: Fifteen minute meeting on Tuesday, February 18, at 7 p m in the AWS office in the Union. If it is impossible to attend call me at 2314. —DOHERTY.
WSSF General Committee: Important meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 4 p. m. in room 212 of tbe Union. —BELCHER.
Students and Staff: Persons not receiving their copy of the Pall or Winter Scrivener, please drop card to the Scrivener office in Union. —ALEXANDER. Modern Dance Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 7:16 p. m. in Woman’s Gym for all those in the Christmas program. Debris pictures will be taken. —SWOPE.
WAA: Tumbling practices on Tuesday, Februapr 19, Thursday, February 20, at 4 p. m. in basement of the Women’s Gym. —BRITTON.
Horticultural Society: There will be a meeting and election of officers on Wedt nesday, February 19, at 7:30 in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. Refreshments will be served following the meeting. —RESNER
Co-ed Capers: All co-ed groups desiring to participate in Co-ed Capers must reply by Tuesday evening to YWCA office or to Jane Julin. —^ULDST.
Sophomore Senate Workers: Report to the senate office Tuesday, February 18, at 4 p. m. —MILEA.
Classified Ads
rOB SAUH IVpewriten and adding machinez, new and used, for sale, rent and reiiaire^ AU makes of portable typewriters. $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
Reamer Club: There is an important meeting Wednesday, February 19, at 7:16 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —BOHLIN.
FOB BENT For Kent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for aU occasions. Min. $2JM> all night. Phons «407.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 6 p. m. in room 805 of the Union. —CARROLL. AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, February 19, at 7 '.SO in the AWS office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Lost: AXP Fraternity pin, Friday night. Reward. Gall 6089.
Lost: Newman Club treasurer’s book. Important. If found, call 6206. Lost: 1 grey suit coat, 1 college algebra, and 1 black billfoald. Will owner please call 31841
Change Today, As Thousands Have to Crown Cleaning Service. You get more in Crown Service. Monite Moth-Proofing at no ex|tra charge. Hats blocked by a process that repells water. You will be delighted with Crown’s distinctive Service. Crown Laundry PINE XLCANER S OF FINE CLOTHE9
M