K \
f > , i_ _l j. IIP pp qpi Mi ^ ^ Break L U. s Wummg Streakll
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy and fair today. Tomorrow, slightly warmer.
Purdue Exponent
Vol. 50
No. 54
TUESDAY November 15. 1938 Lcdoyette. Indkmq
SAE Will Display '39 Models At Auto Show Next Week Displaying greatest number of models ever assembled at the University, the Purdue branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers will present its 1938 auto show in the Armory on November 24, 25, and 26. Highlights of the exhibit will be two old time racing cars, one of 1911 and one of 1912 vintage—^both winners of Indianapolis Speedway classics in their day. Coming in first on the occasion of the inaugural 600-mile Indianapolis run, the 1911 model made the record average time of 74.9 miles per hour. It was a 6 cylinder Marmon driven by Ray Harroun and the elapsed time was 6 hours and 42 minutes. 78.17 M. P. H. The 4-eylinder National, driven by Joe Dawson, took first place in 1912 taking 6 hours and 7 minutes for the grind. Dawson’s average time was 78.7 miles per hour. Modern racers make the run in about four and a half hours and average well over 100 miles per hour. In the way of contrast, one of the current Speedway winners will also be shown, either the first place winner driven by Floyd Roberts, or the Italian Alfa Roneo driven by Rex Mays. Arrangements are not yet complete, but one of the two will definitely be shown. Floyd Roberts has just completed a 5,000 mile tour of state fairs in his racer, under the sponsorship of Allis-Chalmers. WBAA Broadcast A full program for the 3-day exhibit is being prepared by the SAE. Officially opening with a WBAA broadcast as in past years, the show will be a timely presentation, running currently with auto shows the country over. The annual “jalopy” prize of $20, to be presented to the owner producing the oldest car at the show, will be augmented with a bonus that will meet one-way mileage expenses. Many entries in this unique contest are expected. Knight To Address Members Of AAUP Dr. F. B. Knight, director of education and applied psychology, will speak tonight before the American Association of University Professors. The occasion will be a dinner meeting at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics Cafeteria. Dr. Knight will speak on “Relationships to the Secondary Schools.”
Fourteen Beautiful Legs Beat Rhythm In Fantasy Routine By Hank Wist Shapiply legs on our dampus ? The disillusioned wag who casts a shadow of doubt on their existence should try haunting the Union tower room these crisp autumn afternoons. No less than seven pairs of perfectly apportioned limbs swung out in wide arcs and beat a rhythmic tattoo yesterday afternoon as Betty Jo Sexton put her Black and Tan pony chorus through its paces. Two more shapely legs were missing in the absence of the eighth member of the troupe. » “All right, once more from the beginning!” Rufina Sexton with the help of her sister, Betty Jo, is rapidly whipping the ponies into shape, and the routines are being stomped through without a hitch. Supporting the Student Union’s Thanksgiving Day show, the hoofing chorines will present at least two numbers, one to “Lullabye in Rhythm,” and the other not yet decided upon. The report comes that the costumes have not yet been decided upon either, apparently due to a controversy arising between the production staff and some of the eds as to what the well undressed chorine should wear. The stomp octet includes Lois Simpson, Victoria Milea, Ruth Bennett, Jane Caldwell, Jayne Williams, Virginia Diehl, Pattie Roesch, and Barbara Stocker. Shapely legs on the campus ? The local crop of cui’ves is definitel;^ not all algebraic. Canfield To Address AIEE On Wattmeter Professor D. T. Canfield, of the electrical engineering staff will give a demonstration lecture this evening at 7:16 at a meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in room 264 of the EE Building. His subject is “What Makes the Disc Go ’Round,” an explanation and demonstration of the workings of the wattmeter. This demonstration lecture not only serves to explain the operations of a wattmeter, but is, according to Prof. Canfield, an experiment in new technique in teaching. The lecture was recently performed at Iowa State University in Des Moines, where it was favorably received, and numerous' requests have been received asking Prof. Canfield to repeat the lecture and demonstration in Detroit, Indianapolis, and Chicago. In addition to being a member of the EE staff. Prof. Canfield is consulting engineer for the Duncan Meter Works, and is a member of the AIEE Metfering Committee.
Piffskin Jitteritis Lays Poor Miss Indiana Low
By Bom Tuck BLOOMINGTON, Nov. 14, (Special)—Deepest consternation was etched on the face of every Indiana University student today as news leaked out from Bloomington Hospital that Miss Indiana is sinking fast. Faced with the prospect of meeting gridiron arch-enemy Puidue Saturday, she periodically went into hysterical spells, continuously mumbling the bars of a popular song which go “Bue-buc-bucket!” Miss Indiana, first love of the Cream and Crimson pigskin pantywaists, has been ailing throughout the entire football season this year. Sudden realization of apparent impossibility of recovering the Old Oaken Bucket from Purdue caused her present condition. I. U. students are preparing a petition calling for release from
classes in order that they may officially visit the stricken patient. Hundreds cut classes today, buying out every flower shop in central Indiana and picking the woods bare of wildflowers. Miss Indiana is almost buried under a gigantic flower heap. Head Doctor Bo McMillen said, “It looks like fatal Pigskin Jitteritis, coupled with Fumbling Fever. Although her sweethearts beat Iowa 7-3 last Satui'day, the memory of Purdue’s 12-0 victory over Ohio State sends cold shivers over hei body.” At the last notice, Indiana sorrowfuls were planning to contact some go*d medical students at the University of Michigan, in hopes these “on the ball” medics could diagnose the Hoosiei' Miss’s ailment.
Forecast Large Returns In Gala, Prom Elections “The largest student vote in years is expected in this year's elections for Prom and Gala Week committees,” stated election chairman Herbert Fishburn last night, as he emphasized that petitions would be available today. The candidates for the committees must turn in their petitions by 5 p. m., Friday, November 25, and elections will be held on Tuesday, December 12. The Prom committee will be composed of seven juniors, while the Gala Week committee will be composed of six seniors. Petitions may be obtained for a dollar, any afternoon from 4 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. Friday. Juniois and seniors also must have signatures of 50 classmates to be eligible. This election will be wide open, as it was last year. Requirement of a 3.5 average will be the only restriction. Dairy Club To View Cherry-Burrell Films Cherry-Burrell Corporation, one of the largest manufacturers of milk and milk products equipment in the world, will show films at the Purdue Dairy Club meeting this evening, in Smith Hall. Featured in the movies will be spray pasteurizers and Vogt freezers, illustrations of the pasteurizers and freezers as they are used in the manufacturing of dairy products. All dairy students are urged to attend this meeting which will begin at 7:16. Refreshments will be served. Counselors To Meet, Plan Help For Frosh With Yellow Slips High ranking junior and senior men who counsel freshmen will meet this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the lecture room of the Biology Building to discuss the problems indicated by freshman yellow slips. Counselors will receive a copy of yellow slips issued to their freshmen and other information from the personnel office files. An elfort is being made to get members from the English, mathematics, and chemistry liepartments to speak on the problems directly connected with their 'departments. All counselors aie urged to attend the brief discussion given on the aids they can give to improve the scholastic status of the freshmen holdeis of yellow slips. Co-ed Counselors Dean Stiatton will speak to all the co-ed fieshmen counselors this afternoon in the reception room of the Union. The subject of the discussion will be, “Pioblems Arising With Yellow Slips.” Georgeanna Hubei, chdiiman of the meeting and of the fieshmen orientation progiam, announces that the attendance IS compulsoiy for all freshmen counselois. Yellow slips of the fieshmen advisees will be distributed to their counselors after the talk. Over 1,400... . . . would be quarterbacks jammed the Union ballroom last night to witness the showing of the movies of the Ohio State game, and hear Mel Taube give the running commentary.
Indiana vs. Purdue In Chess As Well As
Dean R. Wicks Will Speak
Football Saturday Relioious CoRvocation
Chessmen will be nolished and w
Chessmen will be polished and boards dusted before the Indiana game. Saturday, the fourth annual chess tournament between our downstate rival and our mighty sons of chess will be held in the game room of the Union. Incidently . Indiana has won three of the con-
tests.
A call has been issued for all the players intei;ested in chess, both faculty and students. Some member of the faculty may play Bo McMillin in a duel on the chessboard. Should enough men prove interested in chess, a regular winter chess tournament with faculty supervision might be inaugurated. Those who would like to try out for the team, should be in the game room in the Union, tomorrow at 8 p. m. A five man team from Indiana, the regular lU Union chess team, meets Purdue’s team each year, the day of the Indiana football game. They will bare their brains to cohflict at 9 a. m. Saturday, and at noon the teams will eat luncheon in the Union, before the football game. Crowd Expected At 'Little International' Live Stock Exhibit Students, alumni and faculty are again invited to see the annual “Little International” Livestock Show, tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. at the live stock judging Pavilion of the University farm. As in previous years, this show is expected to affect a crowd of over 1,000. It will be their last chance to see this exhibit as it will be shipped to the International Live Stock Show in Chicago. This free educational exhibit is sponsored by members of the animal husbandry department in cooperation with the Hoof and Horn Club. It will include nine steers, representing three breeds; 21 sheep of four breeds; five breeds of 46 hogs, and a horse show including two breeds. These animals have been bred and developed on the University farm. Chairman of this program is Professor F. G. King, head of the animal Jhusbandry department. Professor J. T. Frost, also of the animal Husbandry department will give a detailed explanation of the different breeds of sheep, and Professor W. W. Smith will elucidate on breeding and development of hogs. Professor R. B. Cooley will describe the different types of horse breeds, and Professor C. F. Gobble will take charge of the beef cattle. Bernie Cummins Will Play For Pre-Game Mixer Friday Bernie Cummins and his melodymakers will be featured Friday evening at the pre-game mixer. Bernie and his boys have played in all the high spots of Chicago, swinging at the Edgewater Beach Hotel, Aragon and Trianon. The pre-Indiana game dance is an annual occasion, in which dads and daughters can enjoy themselves before the big game. The mixer will start at the regular tinte, 9 p. m., and admission will be one dollar, PI A Workers... ... in all branches of activity will meet in PIA office tomorrow between 4 and 6:30 to lay future program plans and discuss present
work.
“Present activity is a prime qualification for future PIA Board selection,” said President Don Wells last night in calling prospective new workers to attend the meeting.
Dr. Robert R. Wicks, dean of the Princeton University Chapel, will address students and their parents Sunday morning, November 20, at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, in the second religious convocation of the year. Dean Wicks, nationally known preacher, author, lecturer, and educator, will speak on “Homes 'That Transmit Our Heritage.” Two Purdue choirs, a main group of 150 voices, and an echo choir of 30 voices, will sing “Jesus Word of God Incarnate” by Gouno^ and “The Agony” by Stainer. This plan of an echo choir was first tried here at the last religious convocation, and - - — - has proved to be a success.
Mary Anderson ’41, Hurt In Fall Mary Anderson, HE ’41, was still unconscious late last night as a result of a basal fracture of the skull received when the horse she was riding apparently slipped and threw her Sunday evening. Reports from St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, where Miss Anderson was taken, indicate that although she has improved since Sunday, her condition is still serious. The report also stated that there was no paralysis, that she seemed to be semi-conscious at times. Miss Anderson, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Anton Anderson of Lafayette, was riding off the University Airport road onto the highway when her horse slipped on the wet pavement. Snead Will Speak On Home Finance Today Walter Snead, Indianapolis, representative of the Federal Housing Administration, will talk on “The Financing of a New or Remodeled^ Home” at 11 o’clock today in the Home Economics Auditorium. His talk will be mainly for the boys class in Home Administration 64, but all home economics students and anyone else who is interested are invited. At two o’clock, Milicent Atkins, head of the Home Economics Department of the Irradiated Milk Institute of Chicago, will give a demonstration to the classes in Institution Management.
Parents Invited Dr. L. Hadley, religious convocation chairman, stated that parents are especially invited to attend the convo. Many parents are expected to attend due to their being in town for the Indiana game. The book “The Reason For Living”, written by Dr. Wicks, shows the viewpoint of one who has a large and sympathetic understanding of problems of student life. To write this book. Dr. Wicks has spent years gathering material from personal experiences and study. Vassar, University of Virginia, University of North Carolina, Vanderbilt University, and Ohio Wesleyan University, all hear Dr. Wicks at least once a year. Also on his list of lectures are many boy's’ schools in New England, and a large number of eastern and middle western schools. This is the second of seven religious convocations to be presented this school year. The first was on Sunday, October 30, and featured Reverend Sheen. AlChE Will Name New Committees With the naming of committees tonight, the AIChE will put underway plans for one of their best years, according to J. H. Jacobi, president of the organization. Tonight’s meeting will be in the faculty lounge of Union at 7 o’clock. Discussion of the constitution of the student chapter, and of plans for a directory of all the chemical engineers, students, and alumni, of the University will also be a part of the meeting.
WeVe Often Wondered How Al Stewart's Boys Behaved On Tour - Now We Know
I '
By Paul F. Worcester —
(Student Choral Manager) Many a small Indiana village has
been disturbed late at night by the husky strains of “Someone’s in the Kitchen With Dinah” or “The Deacon Went Down,” and by the time residents were wakened enough to locate the disturbance, the distui'bance was no more. These few paragraphs will warn them, however, so that they needn’t fear men from Mars or goblins. What they hear is music coming from the throats of Purdue Glee Clubbers returning to
the University from a concert.
They tell us that professional musicians doze and read books after their programs are done, and that may be so. But not these Purdue men; when their regular work is done, that isn’t the signal for silence or anything like it. On the contrary, since before a concert the boys must save their thi'oats, afterwards, it’s sing and sing some more. A back stage jam session by professional jazz music creator's would make a small impression on a listener after hearing the 35 men raise the roof on their bus with close, oh,
so close, harmony. Sing, You Sinners
A return trip for the Glee Club
more nearly resembles a marathon than anything else you can find. Starting with the Purdue series, series song, and “Hail Prurdue,”" the boys swing into anything and everything that pops into their heads. Returning from Sheridan a few weeks ago the boys beat out 43 verses of the famed ditty about not “Goin’ to Grieve Mah Lawd No Moi'e.” And even had the fat-and-forty-ish bush driver humming a
chorus occasionally.
And when a group starts on the fraternity songs, it’s time to ask the governor for the militia. Handel composed the Messiah in a few days, but he had nothing at all on the Piu'due Greeks in the club who grind out uncomplimentary ditties about Betas, Delts, DU’s, and the rest at a sixty-mile-per-hour pace, and keep it up through the entire list. The boys are good, too. Many of the songs, especially the novelty numbers, used on their programs, are perfected in these jaml^rees. So if you are interrupted some night by more or less harmonic sounds drifting by your windows, think of the Glee Club. They always save out a little something for Lafayette and, except on the longest trips* have a song or two for West Siders.^dHokkd
THE POBDIIE EXPONENT
J^udtu/tsA
Tuesday. November 15.1938
if".
A Foife O/ Thanks... ... is due the athletic department, the alumni association and the Student Union for their cooperation in presenting the complete motion pictures of the Ohio State game last night. Nearly 1,400 students and dumni crowded into the ballroom to see their football team win their first game from the Buckeyes. These game movies are taken by Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, and are made for the athletic department for use in coaching. By special permission of this department the pictures were available for the program last night. Mel Taube should come in for his share of the thanks as a re\vard for the fine job he did in describing the plays, calling attention to the good and bad performance of the players, and injecting a vein of humor into his running fire of comment. Getting Ready... ... for Indiana is a job that every Purdue student, football player, coach, and fan can take an active part in. A week-long program of preparation for the downstaters’ invasion got underway with the showing of the football movies last night. Crowning event of the pregame program will occur Friday night, as the year’s biggest pep session gets under way on Stuart Field, with the burning of Miss Indiana. If arrangements can be made the pep session will continue with a snake dance to the Stadium and a climaxing series of songs, talks and yells in the horseshoe of the stands. The Need... ... for another song has moved S|:ubby Meier and his cheer leading staff to suggest that all students be prepared to sing “The Honor of Old Purdue” at the Friday pep session and then at the game Saturday afternoon. Since the song has not been sung generally by the student body before, most eds and coeds will not know the words. The Exponent will print the words of the chorus several times this week, beginning today so that all students will have ample chance to learn them. We ask the cooperation of fraternity and sorority song leaders, eds and co-eds in residence halls, and students in boarding houses in helping teach Boilermaker fans this second Purdue song. The tune should be fairly familiar since the band has played it often at the games and pep sessions.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office iii Lafarette, Indiana, under tiie act of Congress of March 8. 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, dct of October 8. 1917, Authorised Jimuai7 20, 1022. Published dailg except Monday during the regular academic year and vreekly during thei Bummer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief...
..H. I. Stanbai^
Business Manager.. —R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor.... — ...—I* 8. Har^ City Editor. ......„..D. A. Ballgr Assoeiate BMHora G. W# Frederick, K* C. Houston, B. F* Insley, W. A. Kroepliui, D. G. Terrio, J. C. W<w>d8on BUSINESS STAFF Aseistant Basincss Managet^..... -1- —-.x M* ®***T*? Local Adverttsing Manager.... E. M. Antonini Ciretdatbn Manager -W. P. Berg Sales Manager...^ -V- Datwherty National Advertising Manager. -.JSC. W.'N^n Accounts Mimager. .W. B. Smith Art Director. D. J. Henninger SFORTS STAFF suitor...- L. McDonald Associate Editors..-— J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard CO-ED staff Editor - Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is . written, edited, and published \fT undergraduate students^ of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless othe^ise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Uni- ' versity viewitoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chlccf. BEFRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420'Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Boston ' Los Aegelis • sah Fsancieco
Night Editor—Frederick ' Issue Editor—Patterson Tuesday, November 15, 1938
If fraternities, halls, and boarding houses learn the word;i,and practice the song several times before Friday night Stubby and his staff will be able to polish off the rough edges at the pep session and the cheering section will be ready to sing it at the game. Here are the words: Then hail, all hail, to Old Purdue The pride of all the west We’ll sing out the story, and we’ll tell out the glory Of the school we love the best. Then hail, all hail, to old Purdue. Our Alma Mater true For we’ll always stand, ev’ry heart and hand For the honor of Old Purdue.
Research Foundation Revives Conference Of industriai Leaders
More than 150 industrial leaders have already accepted invitations to attend the sixth annual Industrial Research Conference to be held at the University November 17 and 18. Sponsored by the Purdue Research Foundation, which was founded by David E, Ross, president of the Board of Trustees, the conference is being revived after a lapse during the business recession. John W. Wheeler, former chairman of the State Highway Commission and now a railroad official and trustee of Purdue, will be toastmaster, and introduce Dr. Furnas, a chemical engineering graduate of Purdue and now at Yale University, who will discuss “Prospects of Perils of Research.” Mr. Ross will extend greeting from the University and read a special greeting from President E. C. Elliott. Dean Potter To Preside Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, past president of the American Engineering Council, will preside at the Friday morning session and introduce speakers: Dr. M. H. Thornton, Prof. R. H. George, Dr. G. A. Hawkins, and Dr. H, B. Hass. All of these talks will cover important research work which these men have conducted. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department, is to conduct the last session when Dr. F. B~. Knight will speak'on “It’s All In Your Mind.” Dr. G. A. Walters, of the personnel department, will discuss “Looking For Leaders;” Dr. Joseph Tiffin, education and applied psychology department, will talk on “The Research Psychologist Thinks Out Loud;” and Prof. R. J. Greenly, also of the education and applied psychology department, will speak on “Training in Management.” Dr. G. Stanley Meikel, secretary of the conference committee arid research director of the foundation, will preside over the two day session.
WB A A Programs
11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security Program. 11:35—The Home Makers—Mary Louise Bone. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 ;Q0:—Noon Melodies. 12:16—Jim Hoffman—pianist. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Songs & Melodies. 1:00-T-Monitor Views the News. 1:16—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Good language—Prof. Otto Greiner. 1:45^—Market Reports. 2 :00—Farm Security Administration. 2:16—Mary Louise Switzer. 2:80—You and Your Child. 2 :45—Treasure Chest—Mildred Templin. 3:00—DAR Program. 3 :16—Corrinne Ragains—soprano. 3 :30—The Magic CaiTpet. 3 :45—Joe Rittenhouse—“Soft Music.” 4:00—Heralds of Destiny. 4 :15—Stinson Brothers—guitars. 4 :30—Town Forum—Prof. Chas. Murphy. 4:45—-Story Book Hour. Camera Club Shows Outstanding Photos On display in the music room of the Memorial Union is an exhibit of camera studies taken with Leica cameras and loaned to the Purdue Camera Club by the Leica corporation. The exhibit contains many outstanding shots by contemporary photographers. The pictorial shot, "Sand Dunes, Colorado,” was named as one of the best pictures, by a Camera Club official. Renowned snapshot artists are represented by many remarkable photographs in this exhibit. The officials announced, that arrangements for an exhibit of outstanding shots by Camera Club members, are underway. A business meeting will be held in the Old Chestnut Room tonight. The exhibit will close tonight.
BEAT INDIA N A ! !
Kraybili, Ag. Chem. Head, Will Preside At National Convention Dr. H. R. Kraybili, head of the agricultural chemistry department, and P. B. Curtis, also of that department, left this week-end to take part in the annual meetings of the American Association of official Agricultural Chemists and the Association of American Feed Control officials which will be held this week in Washington, D. C. Dr. Kraybili, who is the present president of the official agricultural chemists organization, will preside at all sessions of their meeting, and will read papers on “Regulation of Flourine Content of Feeding Stuffs” and “Composition of Liver Meal” before the meeting of the feed control officials. While in the nation’s capitol Dr. Kraybili will attend a meeting of the board of editors of the Journal of Official Agricultural Chemists. Curtis will present a paper on “Adulteration, of Condensed Milk Products and Cod-liver Oil,” and will read papers prepared by O. W. Ford and L. E. Horat, both Purdue men, before the official agricultural chemists. At the irieetihg of the feed control officials he will present papers on “Mineral Mixture Feeds” Duke University SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three and one-quarter years) or three terms mgy be taken each year (gradnation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and three years of college work, including the subjects specified for Class A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Admission Committee.
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . . For Business or Pleasure . . . REIMERS RENT-A-CAR Phone 6455 314 N. Fourth
OFF AGAIN... ... The Kappa Sigs looked as if they were going to become conservative this year and leave the pinpushing up to some of the other houses, that is, it looked that way until this week-end. THREE OF THE . . . ... boys pushed their badges this week-end. The boys were JIM CRUMP, BOB ZIEG, and another K. S. JIM made the grade with MARILYN McKNIGHT—a Kappa —BOB is believed to have a Kappa too. The third party is not important enough to mention but the girl is LOUISE SCHICKLER, little Theta pledge, popularly acclaimed “Queen of the Engineers,” who finally broke down and accepted PAUL COOPER’S Kappa Sigma pin over the week-end. Surprise! THE PAY-OFF ... ... of the year was made by the double E boys that connected the P. A. system to the lions in front of the Biology Building this past week-end. NOW IF THERE ... . .. would he some way to judge the activities under the tower and rate them by age, weight, and size, and ABILITlT, we could have a real date bureau. BOB PADDOCK MADE ... i . . a bet in the Chocolate Shop last Friday night that no one could get him a date with JANE HALTOM, and lie wasn’t under the influence of any “chocolate” either. WHAT IS THE MATTER . . . ... BOB, have your best friends told you, or don’t, you LUX your undies ? IDEAL PROM DATE . . . ... A girl you can call neat— from the top her her head—to the bottom of her feet—^with personality that rates first—and an unlimited thirst—a gal of the queen sort who—lives reasonably close enough to import. EVER SINCE THlE . . . ... Military Ball DICK—Big Mac— McNIEL, Sig Ep heavyweight, has been walking around in a daze. It was either his date with PARKER WYNN or he’s trying to figure how to get back on his feet financially. WE DOUBT THE . . . ... latter as he has never been on his feet financially before. FAMOUS LAST LINES ... . . . “Call me up sometime, even if it is just a postcard.” Undergraduate... . . . Dames Club will hold formal’ initiation this evening at the home of Marybell Boecker, 916 State street. Preceding the initiation a dinner will be given at 7 p. m., in the home of Mrs. Larches, 701 South street.
Ten minions have read and loved it I It is now a picture the whole world will cheer I
TODAY — WED. MARS
GRIN ANO BEAR IT
By
Copr. 1938 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
r
“You’re such a bruHe, Cadwell! You still haven’t noticed . > my new hat!”
Charm School Co-eds Will View New Styles Jane Stewart, personal shopper from H. P. Wasson and Co., Indianapolis, will discuss campus costumes at the next Charm School which is to be held Tuesday, November 22, at 4 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. Since September Miss Stewart has travelled almost every day to nearby colleges and universities in order to answer questions and collect suggestions on correct grooming for the co-ed. i Traveling with Miss Stewal-t is an attractive, young model who will demonstrate costumes and appropriate accessories for many occasions. Popular fashion fads from other campuses will be reported as well as illustrated. Miss Stewart
will give special attention to questions which are most frequently the source of a co-ed’s dilemma. Catherine Cooley, YWCA, and’ Treva Berry, WSGA, are co-chair-men of the Charm School and are. planning the program.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PUKDUE EXPONENT TODAY
ERROL FLYNN BEITE DAVIS
«ich ANITA LOUISE .IAN HUNTER • DONALD CRISP BEULAH BONDI - JANE BRYAN • ALAN HALE • DICK. rORAN • HENRY TRAVERS • PATRIC KNOWLES TODAY - WEDNESDAY UfRlM£IU
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
*/Eai4F*^**1NgTunx
and “BLAZING BARRIERS” also ‘FLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS” SERIAL
y.
cian
TODAY - TOMORROW
• A boy with courage pitted against a gangster with a gun! . . . Hold your breath. . . . Here’s excitement and mystery!
A FIRST RUN “MOVIE QUIZ” PICTURE
r
2 SWELL HITS
TODAY — WED.
•A riot offuitand romance below the Rio Grande I
• • • WARNER BAXTER MARJORIE WEAVER PETER LORRE ■ IN ' ‘I’LL GIVE A MILLION
All Seats 20( Till 6;00-After 6:00, 10(-20t-25(H Ju^y. November 15, IMf , ". ' , THE POBDP^^^^l^,^ . ^ONENT > • " — ' ■■—.■.■■-.I.. ■■■■■■■■■Ig , I .Mill Board Chooses University Fall All-Star Softball Team
■tv
Riveters Primed Foir Jndiqjfia Game
Elward To Start Mike Byelene At Halfback Position With Bykowski, Jack Winchell In Forward Wall Posts B:^ Augie Arkin A Boilermaker lighting eleven, which has upset the country’s best dopesters and prognosticators for their wins this year, will wind up their 1938 gridiron season against Bo McMillan’s depressed Hoosiers here SatUl’day.
The Engineer’s forward wall, the best since Noble Kizer’s 1929 champs, is keyed up for the traditional series battle. With a mathematical chance for the Big Ten title. Coach Mai Elward is now grooming his footballers not only for the possible championship, but for the Old Oaken Bucket, which the Riveters possess, by virtue of last year’s victory. Hoosiers Ready The Hoosiers scent a real opportunity to salve the wounds of a disappointing season that has brought only one victory to date if they can regain possession of the Old Oaken
Bucket. With an eleven that is admittedly one of the most powerful in the middle west, despite the unimposing record, the Hoosiers are expected to be set for their game of the season, with their squad physically intact. Elward has made a change on the Boilermaker squad. He shifted Mike Byelene to the left half position and claims that “little Mike” is the best passer on the squad. Though CoCaptain Paul Humphrey has not shown much this season because of a broken wrist and leg injuries, he will undoubtedly start the tradition-
Intramural
TOUCHBALL Field Official 4—Beta Thetd Pi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Evers 6—Triangle vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Fishel 6— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Psi. McGrath 7— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Smithson 8— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi, Kappa Tau. Chaffee 9— Delta Chi vs. Delta Upsilom Lamoureauz 10— Phi Gamma JJelta vs. Theta' Tnu. Witsman 11— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Pi. Luce 12— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Berry
al grid battle. Because of their superb plajdng “Byk” Bykowski and Frank Winchell will probably see a lot of the Indiana line. In view of the experience of two years ago when passers Cec Isbell and Vernon Huffman were virtually throwing passes in the dark in the latter part of the memorable 20-20 tie, the starting time for the game has been moved up to 1:30 o’clock.
/
ielder’s... ...choice
Just M Becondg
Mr. Merchant
As stated by a prominent Purdue University Official, the students at Purdue spend $6,000,000 a year. Are you getting, your share? ? REMEMBER—these same I students read the Exponent daily.
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT BUSINESS PHONE 5038
' By Bruce Witwer These warm Saturdays which have characterized this season’s grid classics takes plenty out of a player . . . they lose from ten to fifteen pounds per game and that’s reducing at its height. . . Purdue’s players have had Monday off after tough games this year so that they could pick up the pep and weight thqy left behind gracing Ross-Ade and other stadiums. ( —^fc— After the Detroit game, starting off thfe season, the Boilermaker line made a parody on Fordham’s famous “Seven Blocks of Granite” and dubbed themselves the “Seven Blocks of Butter” . . ..they felt that they literally melted away in a hard fought game so that the name was especially befitting. —^fc— Have you been noticing Tony Ippolito tearing up the opposition’s lines this year? ... during his sophomore, and junior years he had\ a bad shoulder and was told by doctors that he wouldn’t be able to play the game this year or ever afterwards ... he had an operation during last spring vacation which performed the impossible and now he is in perfect physical shape . . . that’s one reason why Ipp decided to take up surgery after graduation. —^fc— Now if Northwestern beats Michigan this week end, Wisconsin ties the Gophers, and Purdue takes Indiana, we’ll share in the Big Ten Conference title .. .‘a lot of ifs and doubts . . . there aren’t any ifs or doubts, though, connected with our wanting to KEEP THAT BUCKET.
HOME FOOTBALL SCHEDULE Nov. 19—Indiana (Dad's Day) PIGGLY WIGGLY
It 1
Argue if you will!
But the fact still remains that the best transportation in Lafayette is the Street Railway. It gives speedy, efficient and economical service. Fare, 5c; free transfer. Ride them today and every day!
STREET RAILWAY
Selects 15 Men From Fraternity, Ward, Cary Hall Intramural League Season Competition Players To Receive Proficiency Certificates Physically Handicapped Player Acknowledged After a poll of athletic officers, ward managrers, and umpires of the fall intramural softball games, the intramural all-star board of ihterfratemity and interward athletic leagues met yesterday afternoon and selected a 15-man softball honor team from wards and fraternities. All-Stars Simon Delta Chi Pitcher Rectenwall Sigma Alpha Epsilon Pitcher Maliziak Ward 6 Pitcher Lucas Delta Chi Infielder Brodsky Ward 7 Infielder Hardy Ward 15 Infielder Ulrich Ward 5 Infielder Igney Phi Sigma Kappa Infielder Farr Ward 5 '.lOutfielder Lipp -Ward 1 Outfielder Sauter , : Lambda Chi Alpha Outfielder Hymen Alpha Gamma Rho Outfielder Anderson Cary Hall 6 Ontfielder Elkins _.Phi Sigma Kappa Catcher Tredwell _...Theta Chi Catcher
The members of the team will receive intramural all-star certificates of honor for proficiency in softball. The squad consists of two catchers, three pitchers, five outfielders and five infielders.
An honorable mention award was also apih’oved by the board to be awarded TO John Jaskoviak, ward 7, who played every game his team participated in despite a permanent physical handicap.
Purdue Is Host To Conference Tracksters; 4 Mile Run Reestablished After Nine Years
BobHaak...
. . . Indiana Cream and Crimson guard, who will face the Boilermakers in the two schools’ annual football classic Saturday.
Indiana Speedsters Rated Favorites In Big Ten Cross Country Meet Saturday Purdue’s cross country course will be the scene of much activity Saturday morning, when the first Big Ten meet since 1932 will be held. The conference turf pounders will start at their feud at 10 o’clock. Indiana, possessor of the conference record for the fom- mile nm at 21.3, has won this event for the last five times until the meet was discontinued because of the depression. The competing teams are Wisconsin, Indiana, Minnesota, Illinois, Ohio State and Pm-due. Indiana showed signs of power at the state meet at Indianapolis where they won by an overwhelming majority. The lU. speedsters are favorites for the conference championship. INDIANA— A DROP IN THE BUCKET!
Fate Of Old Oaken Bucket For Coming Year Lies In Outcome Of 14th Battle For Trophy
By Gordon Jenkins
Standing proudly in the trophy case in the lobby of the Fieldhouse, the Old Oaken Bucket could probably tell many fantastic tales of its thrilling history which dates back to November 21, 1925. Being behind in anything that shouts of football rivalry between two supposedly famous institutions is nothing to be proud of. The Gophers and Wolverines of Minnesota and Michigan respectively had their symbol of athletic rivalry represented by the Little Brown Jug, so the Boilermakers and Hoosiers, not wanting to be outdone, put their heads together and finally hit upon an idea for a suitable symbol of
their football rivalry.
Find Symbol Of Rivalry It was not until 1925 that George Ade, famous humorist and Boilermaker son, and Harry Kurrie, president of the Monon railroad and -alumnus of the Cream and Crimson, were permitted to announce the historic discovery—a suitable symbol of the rivalry between the Boilermakers and the “Fightin’ Hoo-
siers.”
In that memorable contest, back in 1925, Mel Taube of the Boilermakers and Marks of the Hoosiers engaged in a brilliant punting duel which was greatly handicapped by a strong wind. Mel Taube’s slight edge in the kicking game was of no avail, and the Boilermakers had to
be content 'with a 0-0 tie.
The next year’s contest was a different story as Koransky, Leichtle, Wilson and Wilcox led the Gold and Black to a 24-14 triumph. The Boilermakers won the right to keep the Old Oaken Bucket for the first time
for an entire year.
Bucket Changes B[anids
Since that victory, the Old Oaken Bucket has changed hands four times. The Cream and Crimson gained full possession of the bucket for the first time in 1930 when they outplayed the Boilermakers 7-6 in
a thrilling contest.
Beginning in 1931 the Old Oaken Bucket decided to change hands every three years. The Boilermakers regained it that year. It went back to the Hoosiers in 1934 and the Boilermakers are the present proud possessors of this famous symbol of gridiron superiority by vii-tue of their 13-6 victory over the Cream and Crimson last year. Representing one of the most famous football rivalries in the continent, dating back to 1891, the Old Oaken Bucket, which was instituted as a trophy 13 years ago, stands as a symbol of Hoosier football supremacy. It has become a bond of fellow^p between two great institutions who struggle bitterly for its possession ih the climaxing contest of each football season at In-
diana and Purdue.
f ■»'’
.i 'jf
■ i #1 I
i H
V. il
--4
•MHIr
1
3[oaxL (Ua,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
tiuaA.
Tuesday. November 15.1950
Dance Group Views Demonstration Films Films on modern dance were demonstrated by Miss Helen Knight to PEW modern dance students yesterday at 4 p. m. in the Hygiene Room of the Memorial Gymnasium. According to Miss Knight the dance is first created to interpret an idea and then the music for the dance is composed in order that there may be ssmcopation. She also urged her class to attend the dance recital to be given by Doris Humphreys Thursday, at 3 p. m. as part of the Culture Conference.
Radio Club: Advanced code practice, room 254 Electrical Engineering Building at 4:00 p m today November 16. —THOMPSON.
Battery F f: Baseball game tonight, Novembei 15, at 4 p. m., diamond 1. All team and subs be there. —HOBBS. Black and Tan Fantasy: Will the singing chorus please meet today, November 15, in tower room of the Union at 7 p. m. Names: Davis, Wolcott, Beemer, Patrick, Howell, Hoadly, Shake, Whitehead, Avery, Amt, Hutton, Murray, Etherington, Smith, Chase, Kellner, Burns, Deuster, Small, Pogue. —WORCHESTER.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 8 p. m. Wednesday, November 16, in reception loom of Union. Debris pictuies will be taken at 8 "30 p m. —HALL
Classiiied Ads
Radio Club: No meeting tonight, November 15. —BROWN.
FOR SALE
TTPEWRITERS—All makea, standard and portable, sold, purehased, rented and repaired. New Portable maehfaiea as low as $2B.76. Supplies. C. F. Bbenhoff, 6*5 Main street.
WSGA Judicial Board: Compulsory meeting in WSGA office at 7 :15 tonight, November 15 —HAMILTON. W'SGA Sophomores: There will be no sophomore training school this week because of the Culture Confeience. (11-19) —LEAMING Freshmen Counselors: Important meeting in the reception room today, November 15, at 4 p. m All freshmen counselors must be theie —HUBER
$22.50 Topcoats, Overcoats, Tuxedos and Suits, tailored to your liking. Jordan-Brown and Sons will be at the Fowler Hotel, November 9 and 10 to display woolen fabrics and tailored clothes.
MISCELLANEOUS
Gimlet: Important meeting at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house today, November 15, at 6 p. m. Debris picture Wednesday, November 16, at 8:15 in tower room of the Union. —SWAN
Archery: Meeting in room 105 at the Fieldhouse today, November 15, at 11:30 p m. Shooting afterward —KINZER.
WANTED—Your laundry. Phone 86614.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting today, November 15, at 7:30 p m , in the WAA room of the Women’s Gym All members required to attend. —FELDMAN
WILL PERSON who exchanged black velvet evening wrap in Military Ball check room, kindly call Union Manager’s office.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—-K. E. Duplex Name inside cover Reward Phone Prange 36484 ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOM FOR STUDENT: New house, new bed, on car line, air-conditioned heat, recreation room Tel. 35271, 110 E. Stadium Ave.
Debris Salesmen; Imperative that all of the salesmen be in Debris office to turn in books at 4 p. m today, November 16 We must have a complete turn-out. —McNEILL
Student Senate: There will be a meeting today, November 15, in room A of the Union, at 7 :30 p, m. —ELLIOTT.
Purdue Plying Club; The Aeronica is now in first class condition and ready to fly Will members please take pride in keeping it so’ See Captain Aretz for instiuction as to the care of the engine before flying. (11-17) —CHEVEDDEN.
RENT FREE first month $3.50 board per week 123 Sylvia Phone 65594
ROOM AND BOARD—One single room. 115 University Call 66781
Zouaves: Following men report at the Aimoty this evening, November 16, at 4 p. m. to practice for Dad’s Day drill. Hannas, Huffman, Echterling, Teeter, Gibson, Leveratte, Luthi, Hess, Stallwood, Blakeslee, Morgan, Woodhull, Nail, Wagner. —HURST
ROOM AND BOARD for students. 108 Waldron St Call 41852
Notices
Ed Exponent Workers:—Members of the male editorial staff scheduled to work Tuesday, November 15, need not report Co-eds will put out the papei —HARDIN. WAA Hockey: Today, November 15, freshman A vs. sophomores at 4 p m. Seniors Vs. freshmen B at 4:30 No games Wednesday Thursday, November 17, freshmen vs seniors at 4 ’30 —SHAFFER,
LAFAYiTTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• Jewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DDS HAROLD ) RISK—DD.S LUTHER A. RISK—DD.S Schultz Building 4th and Main Phone 5701
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and'Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Shoe Repair
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 I9V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Dine
• Locksmith
SMITTY'S COACH Try Our Original Homemade Ice Cream It Always Satisfies 331 NorHiwestern Ave.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
FRANK'S PLACE Where Food Is Good and Prices Right. We Never Close 111 Vine Street
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St Phone 2828
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Ag. Chem. Club: All Ag. Chemistry Club members please be present at the tower room of the Union at 9:10 p. m., Thursday, November 17. —MABY.
WSGA: House president council meeting Tuesday, November 16, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. —.JAKES.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester tiiere are four penalty dates. They are November 23, 26, December 21 and January 6. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas recess. (11-17) , —FISHER.
Rifle Shooters: All men Interested in forming a Rifle Team meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 7 :S0 p. m., Tuesday, November 16. —FAIRBANKS.
Co-«d Swimmen: Of Ward 2 (north of State street and east of Northwestern) who wish to enter aquacade relays give name to Mona Balcom at 2480 by Wednesday, November 15. —BALCOM.
ulty lounge of the Union.
-JACOBI.
AlChE: There will be a bueinees meeting at 7:16 Tuesday, November 16, in the fac-
Library Locker Holders: Report to Librsrian’s office, using card Wired, td isoUr looker. Lockers not reported by December 1 will be considered as not in use, and the lock will be cut off. (11-19) —HEPBURN.
Bowling: The following teams will bowl today, November 16: 7 p. m , Alpha Gamma Rho vs PI Kappa Phi 9 p. m.. Sigma Alpha Ejsilon —WILLIAMSON
PIA: Meeting of all activity workers Wednesday, November 16, between 4 and 6:30 in the PIA office. Prospective workers invited to attend. —WELLS. WSGA Sophomores: There will be po WSGA Training School this week either on Tuesday or Thursday due to the Conference on Contemporary Culture. (11-17) —LEAMING.
Horseback Riding: All co-eds taking advanced riding meet at Women’s Gym Wednesday, November 16, at 4 p. m. If weather is unfavorable, meet Thursday, November 17, at 4 p. m. —KNIGHT.
Foreign Students; Students of other lands are invited to attend the world fellowship banquet at the Lafayette Christian Church Wednesday, November 16, at 6 p. m. —HUNTER.
Catalyst Club: Initiation will be held at Delta TCjau Delta fraternity. Wednesday, November 16, at 6:30. Please be on time. —CRAIG.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, November 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. —McINTOSH.
Cosmopolitan Club: Very important business meeting Wednesday, November 16, at 7:30 in room B of the Union. Debris picture will be taken immediately after the meeting. All members are asked to arrange to pay their dues with the treasurer at or before the meeting. —AYASUN.
One Day Only! Many students look forward to the day of the Purdue-Indiana football game as the ONE BIG DAY of the year. Right now . . . before you forget it. . . send your suit and overcoat to Crown; it’ll be^ ready for the BIG Game. ©nowN ihvmia FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH'ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
WiiJL aSJi iXOWL /<Uu£^ ?
An ARROW Whitn IS Always Right
5£C THIS lyfffC'S POST
pa0O 39
- «« scotu^h® va*® HOTC T® z / ^
4F
u
... ormre f^seSMims/u^ O.’WIO RIEE? O NLY ONE WOMAN in this quiet, innocent English village
scented murder—cold-blooded, cunning murder. “It’s
very easy to kill,” she told ^ke Fitzwilliam, “if no one suspects you.” But before she could name the killer, she, too, was struck down. And Luke, just back from police duty in the Straits Settlements, found himself facing a new kind of menace—-“accidental” death...You’ll find the first installment
of this mystery thriller oh page 5 of your Post.
Begin “EASY TO KiLV\..A New Mystery Novel
^AGATHA CHRISTIE
CHAIUHSE
TO IWY e#'**®'
► -The t;” any day In the week.”
,5 «TTE« FOOTB.UL
ALSO ' ‘ -“WHACKY BLONDES BELONG IN THE BRIG!” Captain Martin was thinking of Laura and Dorrit, who memorized sea laws and used them to advantage. Read about one they overlooked, in Moon of Esmirillada, by Frank Bunce. ALSOP & KINTNER'S LATEST CHAPTER ON NEW DEALERS IN ACTION. In We Shall Make America Oyer, they show you how laws really get born today, from brain-trust meeting to final fireside chat.
COLOR PICTURES OF HENRY FORD'S 19TH CENTURY VILLAGE. At Dearborn, Henry Ford has recaptured early America, preserves it as national parks do buffalo and grizzly. Grandpa Town, illustrated with natural-color photographs, shows you what it’s like. AND... A new short story by FANNIE HURST, Mamma and Papa ... HOLLYWOOD’S BIGGEST HEADACHE. See Copyright, 1938, by— ... Short stories, serials, editorials, fun and cartoons. All in this weed’s Post.