•V v,r .V '‘''I:;'''
■'W
CHEM WARFARE FcciVui^e Tells Effects Of War Gases On Boday
DATES ANNOUNCED For Beveridge Speech Contest For Freshmen
Established ,1889
Vofliime 55, No. 38
l^urdiio University, West- Lafayette, Indiana
4-^
Tuesday,'November 3, T942
I'
Savitf^s Top To Play Here Friday Mfgfif Pre^Ddd's Day Mixer Features
Duranty Will Deliver :an War Situation
Russian-Born Composer-Arranger By Willas Vermilion Making his first appearance on the campus, Jan Savitt and his Top Hatters orchestra will play for the pre-Dads’ Day Mixer in the ballrooms of the Union Friday night from 8:30 to
11 ;45 p. m.
The Top Hatters organization, which started as a studio orchestra for radio station KITW, Philadelphia, has climbed to its present height through - engagements at the Lincoln Hotel in New York and the Hotel Sherman in Chicago. ttoWevet, no matter where he went the band set records for succeeding bands to shoot at. The history of Jan himself is rather unique. He was born on September 4,1912, in Petrograd, Russia, in the shadow of the Imperial Family. His father was a member of the Court’s Royal Musicians.
Moved To America
Jan, however, never got a chance to become accustomed to his birthplace, for as the eighteenth month of his life became a reality, his parents suddenly packed up their belongings and moved to the land of opportunities—America. They set-
tled in Philadelphia.
Music showed up in his early childhood when at the age of four ho was drawing the strains of Tschiakowsky from a toy violin which his father had given him. At the age of six his real training began uhder the tutelage of Carl Flesch, one of the great violin teachers of that time. At the age of fifteen he received a scholarship to the Curtis Institute of Music, (See JAN SAVITT, page 4)
Navy Board To Meet Ordnance Candidatss Special Group Will Interview Seniors Nov. 12 For Naval Ordnance Positions
Tu Discusi Religion Emphasis Week
I
Starts Sunday
Religious Emphasis Week will be opened on the campus at a convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall next Sunday at 7:30 p. m. President Clyde E. Wildman of DePauw University will speak on some phase of “A
Dynamic Faith for the Present and nance Bureau was arranged by Future” which is to be the general Prof. W. E. Vogler, Director theme for the week. Qf ^he Personnel Service. InMass registi'ation for the conven- formation concerning the necessaiy tion will take place in the main lobby forms and letters may be obtained of the Union, according to Martha at the Personnel Office. Piospcctive Jane Gcttingcr, member of the exe- Ordnance officers must also see Dr.
University Cbnvo To Begin At 7:30 P. M. In Music Hall Walter Duranty has chosen “On the Sidelines in Eastern Europe” as the topic for his talk to be delivered Friday evening at 7:30 in the Music Hall and following the convo, he will be the guest at a reception in the Union. Duranty is a
A special board of officers from the Naval Ordnance Bureau well-known foreign correspondent for the New Yotk Times will visit the campus on November 12 to interview senioi's who North American Newspaper Alliance,
are interested in positions in the Bureau of Naval Ordnance Seniors desiring these interviews must have the required
papers and letters ready at the time of the interview so that Sc/jOO/
the Navy can complete the induction of these men on the
same day if they decide to
accept.
This special trip by the Ord-
lan Savitt
Dean H. P. Reed Will Speak On 'Livestock In The War Effort' Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed will speak on the “Responsfcility of the Livestock Industry in the War Effort,” the general theme of the third annual Nutrition School, which meets at the University on 'I'hurbddy and Friday. Lectures and discussions will be held on the technical .subjects concerning the elficieht teedihg of livestock to insure a greater quantity and quality of livestock for the United Nations food sufifily. Fred K. Sale of Indianapoli.s, secretary of Indiana Grain Dealers’ As.socialion, will follow Dean Reed ahd speak on the “Responsibility of the Feed Mahufacturer to the Livestock Industry.” Varied tteports Thursday Other reports on Thursday afternoon will consider minerals for livestdek, swine feedihg practices, efficient use of available foods for she'ep’, Slid rations for beef cattle during the firtesent war emeigency. These topics will B,e presented by Dr. G. Skroivsliury, .agricultural chomiM; Profs. F. G. King, C. M. Vestal, J. W. Schwab, t*. T. Brown, and Claude Harper and Benry Mayo, all University livestock specialists. Dr. J. Holmes Martin will serve as toastmaster at the Thqrsday evening dinner and Prof. J. C. Bottom, agricultural economist, will deliver an address on “Feeding the World.” NUtritlbh Studied Friday Friday sessions will include rer l)o!rts on nutrition problems and requirements and efficient feeding of dairy cows by Profs. S. M, Hauge, C. W. Garrick, J. Id. Hilton, E. A. G'annon, and Mr. L. A. Wilhelm, all of tke University. The 'final add ress will be on “Emergency Problems of the Feed Industry” by Lyman Peck of Chicago, secretary of the nutrition committee of the American Feed Manufacturers’ Association, Friday aft-
ernoon.
Associate Dean V. C. Freeman, Dr. D. M. Upty and Prof. P. B. Curtis will preside over the various sessiohs. If desired, special conleiences can be arranged with staflf mem-
Exponent Gives 'Scrap' Proceeds To United Relief AILCampus Drive Net^s 112 Dollars A total of $112.00, the proceeds
from the Exponent sponsored allcampus scrap drive, was donated to
He has covered World War I as well as most of the impor-
tant events in eastern Europe during the past twenty years,. aPd is certain that Russia intends to aid Great Britain and the United States and their alli^ in the war with Japan. While conceding that the Jap.^ have won important initial victories, he points out that it is not the first blow but the last that counts most
in war.
Born In England
By Marian Donham Duranty was born in Liverpool, For the first time, the women of England, and educated at Harrow,
will he recognized at the annual Lafayette and West Lafayette are Bedford and Cambridge. He chen Pan-Hellenic achievement banquet being given the chance to learn what joined the European service of the to be held at (i.’OO p. iii. today an the tht>y can do to further the war effort N. Y. Times and covered World War south ballroom of the Union. by learning the value and practice Ii first on the Eastern Front and Awards, furnished by the City of civilian protection. then in France. In 1921 he was sent Pan-Hellenic, will be presented to Last night the opening meeting Moscow and stationed there un-
tile sorority having the highest (,£ j^bis Civilian Defense School for
' — ' " I ' ' .scholastic index for the past year, Women was held in room 303 of the ice as soon as possible to arrange individual sorority girl Union. The speeches made gave a Just and for the necessary physical examina- the best average for her Pi^cyi- general outline of the work being
Miller of the Student Health Serv'riie .special Naval Ordnance Interview Board will meet November 12, not November 21, as was announced in Sunday’s edi-
tion of the Exponent.
cutivc committee. From 3 to 5 p. m. on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, and 7 to 9 p. m. on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, students
may register.
Five Seminars Each Night
Five seminars will be held every night with the fodowing topic.s for discussion; “Religion and Life’s Ad-
ju.stiiients,” “Basis of
Durable Peace,” “Bible in a Modern tion.
Generation,” “What Can I Believe,” Separate Interviews
and “Christian Home Making.” However, leaders will have a different interpretation of the five subjects every night. The seminars
will be held in the Union.
Pan-Hell Achievement
Banquet Will Honor Sororities Tonight Sorority scholastic attainment
For Women
Opens In Union
Mrs. H. B. Hass Heads School Committee
the joint Dutch - Greek - Russian - "P executive committee.
Chinese Relief Fund yesterday. The scrap drive, which was held on October 17, opened a rich source of scrap material for the United States war industries that had remained untouched before the campaign. Scrap was gathered iiy a small aimy of 300 volunteer workers fi oni campus fralci nities and
Cary Hall men. These men were ac- me among other leatures for the companied by ten of the University week. Special events will he an-
ROTC trucks manned by volunteers iiounce later.
Prof. Vogler stressed the fact that the Naval Ordnance Bureau interviews aie distinct and separate fi’om the interviews that will he granted by the joint Aimy-Navy-
Rev. Gene'Balslcy, A1 Goodrich, Marine-Coast Guard Recruiting and Martha Jane Gcttingcr, who Board that will visit the campus at
some time duiing the week following the Ordnance interviews. Last year a similar special Naval Oi’dnance Boaid visited the University and approximately 200 seniors
ous three years in school. Mrs. William Payne will make the presenta
tions.
done in civilian defense, and the work that is still to be done. Mrs. Ann Humphreys, a member of com-
The rest of the program will con-. mittee in charge of this school, sist of songs by the various soror- spoke on “Objects from the Air” ities, and a review of two one act giving a picture of what would happlays by Mrs. Newland. In past pen to Lafayette in case of a bomb-
years these banquets have met with ing..
great success. An attendance of over four hundred is expected this
Hass In Charge
have been assisted by student and faculty members of the committee
of 100 ill planning the program. Breakfasts In Home Ec Cafe
Breakfasts will be held in the weic interviewed. Many of these Home Economics Cafeteria from 7 men are now serving as commislo 8 each morning, starting Monday, sioned officers in Naval Ordnance. A faculty dinner, Greek Men’s ban- Students who schedule interviews quet, and a mid-week mass meeting with the board through the Person-
nel Office and have their papers completed at the time of the inter-
. TT , The whole natmnal civilian de-
year according to Mrs. G. A. Hawk- „ i. • • 4.- , . , , fense mechani.sm now in operation
ins, chairman ol the banquet com
mittee.
YW To Recognize Active Members Special recognition for active
til 1934. Since that time, ho ha=! roamed the globe at will, wiiting special articles for Collier’s and The Atlantic Monthly, as well as for the above-mentioned groups. He has written a recent book on Russia as a sequel to an earlier best-seller, “I Write As I Please”, that brings the story of his experience and observa-
tions up to the present.
The journalist-author now makes his home on the west coast. He is slight, blonde and genial and says that h,e is never happier than when he is going places, seeing things and
talking to people.
Dorothy Reed Will Offer Lectures On Grooming To Coeds “This is a ‘waste-not’ year. That
from the army staff of the ROTC. The joint relief fund, to whicli the money was donated, consists of a central clearing committee to coordinate the various relief drives that existed prior to its formation. The funds will be apportioned
Sjieakers for the seminar.s include the following iieopic: Rev. Max Adams; Rev. Eugene Durham, pastor at Northwestern University; Dr. Iliel Bollinger, Executive for Methodist iStudents of the country; Dr. C. P. Harry, Executive of the United
among the Dutch, Greeks, Russians, Lutherans; and Mrs. C. E. Sandefur,
State Dean of the Sunshine Society.
Dr. J. Roy Leevy
. . . assistant professor of socialogy in the division of education and applied psychology and member of the board of directors of the Indiana Academy of Social Science, was selected to be vice-president of this Academy last Saturday at the annual meeting of the association at Notre Dame University. Duiing the coiuse of the program
Dr. Leevy presented a paper.
and Chinese.
Playshop Presents Three Dne-Act Nays Saturday The playshop will present three one act plays next Saturday at J). m. in Fowler Hall. The jii oductions aie in charge of Ross Smith, as.sociate director of the play.shop, and John. Gilley is stage manager. “West From the Panhandle” features a cast of Donna Jean Curtis, Marianne Swern, Jim Lenilahan, John Spalding, Jim Yingst, Ken Carmichael, and Geoige Zissis is the
.student manager.
“Pawns” features a cast of Henry Bolz, Bob Balser, John Patterson, Bob Layton, George Kern, Jack Scarfl', ami John Claik is student
''‘-rhe Great Daik” features a cast 1938, to March, 1941
of Elaine Kali, Mary McCormick, Roscmaiy Thornburg, Frances Roliinson, Katherine Burnham, Mary Louise Fairman, and Art Barab is
student director.
This is the tenth annual presenta- The following article appeared in tion ami theie is no admission the Indianapolis Star last 'Sunday: charge. “Meridian, lyiiss., Oct. 31—(Spe-
view are not held under any obligation for induction, unless they so choose after their inteivievv. ■“ The seniors who arc inducted will (See NAVAL ORDNANCE, page 4) Johnson Will Speak Tomorrow At AlChE
Union.
Faculty members of the organization and its advisory board are luged to attend the meeting, at which each member will receive lecognition, those particularly active to be recognized separately. The pi ogram will be in charge of the Religious committee, chairman, Gloria Niemcyer, co-chairman; Ger-
ry Bryant.
There will be a lecture on the connection of chemical engineerings ith the manufacture of nitro-paraffin tomoirow night at 7:30 p. m. in room
129 of the Electrical Engineering SchdntZ-HdnSOO
building. The speaker is to be Dr. Kennetli Johnson, a University graduate. At piescnt Dr. Johnson is superintendent of Commercial
Co/. D. Larr Receives Distinguished Service Cross For Bravery In Acrion
Col. David Larr, who was awarded a distinguished .seivice cross, was stationed at the University fiom
He
held the rank of captain but wa.s promoted to that of major while on duty with the Univeisity as an associate professor of military sci-
ence and tactics.
with a special message to Gen. Douglas MacArthur and Hvas letained for one of the general’s staff incmbcis. For his bravery and heroism in the New Guinea area, he was
awarded the cross.
The citation is as follows: ‘For extraoi diiiary heroism in action in the New Guinea area on
was outlined by Mrs. H. B. Hass, chairman of the committee responsible for this infolmative school for the women. Mr. Paul Royster, commander of the local Civilian Defense Council presented an outline
of our local organization.
The sessions are to last until next
members will be the chief item of Friday with a meeting of the en-
the YIVOA Recog'nition Service to rolled women and any otheis who ^ppljgg to strength, face, hair, and be held next Sunday at 3 p. m. in may wish to attend every night from ejothes,” stated Miss Dorothy Reed, the West Faculty Loung'c of the 7:30 until 9:30 in room o03 of the special college consultant for Doi-
othey Gray Limited, who will be on the campus this week to offer tlirte grooming lectures to University coeds. She will speak tomoirow, Thursday, and Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Hygiene room of the
Women’s Gynj.
“A clinic for tho.se vho want to he fit and efficient, but pietty, too.” is Miss Reed’s explanation of the work she will do heie. “Since this is a war year, students, must fae strong. For that leason, I will di‘cuss diet, exercise, and relaxation. We have to be efficient and can no longer take useless tune in glooming, so I am going to teach coed.s the simplest and most efficient beauty routines,” she saiti. Smith College Graduate Miss Reed began woiking with Dorothy Gray only tweuLy-si.\ days after her graduation from Smith College in 1941. During the last year she has spoken to an aveiage of 40 coeds daily in twelve larg'c colleges. According to Mas Reed, hot work has taken her “ftom Minneapolis to Birmingham, and fiom At-
lanta to Boston.”
Her lectures tomorrow and Thursday will be one hour long while Friday will be devoted to two hours of forum discussion and que.stion- from the coeds from 4 to G p. m.
. . . head of the-Applied Design depaitment, attended the Midwestern College Art conference held at
Solvents, Inc., the intro-paraffin the Univei.sity of Illinois at Urbana plant at Peoria, 111. His speech will last week. At the Friday session she be illustrated by slides and pictures presented a paper, “Art in Relation of the layout and plans, and by to Occupational Therapy Dining
equipment showing corrosis. AVar Time.”
On MacArthuf’s Staff emergency field, covered with high Last spring, Col. Lari was sent gi'ass, he spent the night far beyond
Our lines.’
Almost Captured
When an enemy party learned of his presence and attempted to capture him, next morning, he was able to take off shortly before its arrival and return to the base. On the 17th, as observer and front gunner m a bombardment plane, ho reconnoitered tracks leading from another base well to the rear of the enemy
Sept. IG and 17, 1942. While on a
ciaD—A distinguished service cross reconnaissance mission. Col. Larr
Delta UOSlIon has been awarded to an Indiana na- proceeded as an observer on Sept, positions. On the r I tive, Col. David Larr, only son of on an extended air reconnais- plane flew low over^a tiail in use . . . social fialernity, ahuounces Mr. and Mrs. I. II. Larr of Meridian, s^oce of islands, possibly occupied by the enemy, machine-gunning hostile initiation of Ted Smithers, lor exceptional servige in tjio Pacific by the enemy, in the vicinity of tile parties, then continued on fur-
elurii trip, the
V‘
bells for Spfiday afternoon or Satur- Akron, Ohio; Bob Buker, Oak Park, war zone. eastern New Guinea. Returning i?o ther reconnaissance before returnday morning. Hannam, Freeport, N. Y.; Col. Lgrr was born in Sullivan, an air base, he immediately proceedr ing to the base. As a result of his Reglstrati'bil F'e^ Of $2.00 Howard "Voth, Akron, Ohio; Charles Ind., and later lived in Marion, Ind. ed as observer in a small slow un- intrepidity -at risk of his life, Col. A registration fee of $2.00 will be Garrett, Hammond; Bob Krueger, He was instructor of military tac- armed training plane on a detailed Larr was able to obtain detailed incharged in order to partially deflA^ Shorwood, Wisconsin; Leo Ak'x- tics for two years at Purdue Uni- low level reconnaissance of a por- formation of great value.’
the expenses of eomiilcUiig ihis under, Oakdale, N. Y,; Ray Steiger, vorsity. An uncle, David Larr, lives tion of the coast line of New Guinea Col. Larr was graduated from Garry Cleveland Myers of Chicago .school and for making available Hammond; and Ed Stejiheuson and at Pine 'Village, Ind., and there are frequented and possibly occupied West Point Military Academy in will be one of the principal speak-
copies of the addresses. Joe Lautner, Indianapolis. " other relatives in Crawfordbville. by enemy parties. Landing on an 1923.” ers.
Union. Fifty women are at present enrolled but it is not necessary to be enrolled to be able to attend the meetings. Those who attend will be given credit for the horns they spend in the school in their Civilian De-
fense ratings.
Demonstration 8 A. M. Tomorrow Aside from the nightly meetings, a demonstration of the work of the Control Center of the University Civilian Defense School will be (See WOMEN IN DEFENSE, pg 4) Parents' Institute To Begin Tomorrow Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers will officially open a twoday session of the annual Parents’ Institute by a registration of delegates in the Home Economics building, tomorrow morning at 10:30. The theme for the meeting will be the waitimc welfare and care of children. The Institute is held for persons interested in child care. Featured on the program will be talks on the various topics I’elated to child caie by local and out-of-town leaders in the field. Instruction will be given on making our work effective in waitime, equipping the children of tomorrow, and responsibilities of the parent. Other talks are as follows: Wednesday, 8 p. m., “Parental Problems in Homes Abroad,” presented by Mrs. A. E. Hirsth; Thursday, 8:00 a. m., “New Textiles,” presented by Dr. Elizabeth D. Roseberry; 9 a. m., “Changes in Clothing” by Philena F. Palmer; 9:30 a. ni., “Why a Nutrilie/n Program” by Amy 1. Bloye; 10 a. m., “Community Planning and Our Children”; 11 a. ni., “The Problems of the Adolescent in Wartime” by Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea; 1:15 p. m,, “Children's Books” by Mrs. D. H. Patterson; 2:15 p, m., “The School and the Parent” by Mrs. Henry E. Ostroin; 2:45 p. m., “Our Respoq&ibilities” by Dr. F. B. Knight. Dr.
Mudball part won hey there clarence you no the dean wont let us get excuses frum doc anymore part too due you no where i can get sum nice big apples or a snort in a bottle or something part three their is sum arranging i am going to have to do with my PE instructor —MUDBALtX
Purdue Exponent Tuesday, November 3, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Pieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
J>jlt(ir-in-Cli)cf Nt«s Itd.lnr Marn"it r Itililnr S]>orls Kdilor r. MniiaRcr ^ -Of..! ISditoi
.lohn F. Anton Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong Robert h. Hadley Ken K. Gprmre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
Associate Editorfl } fJj.'oDn) Sln/f: D W OchciJtroc, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, h ] li’ii/. \\ Vj. HosKiub, R. W. Bobwinkic, K. Roquemore, S \Sf.lf St.'tff: 1). E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C.
turd SlafT. Saib bcall, Chariottc Hass, Jean Laucr, Elaine
Business Staff
( orrl Businchs Mnr.aRcr: Julia Martin. trJi‘'inc: Manapers: J. M. ‘Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. ( irtIllation Manager: G. H. Klouman. *»<uunl^ Manager: Trcna Torrenga. .liinior ('oed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Elf tc r-iir-Chief Mannging Editor Manager ( oo 1 Editor \vi.'rtis'ng Manager Acrt.un'*? Manager C irc.ilation Manager
Dave Barta Ed Huntphrey . Elwin Wclbantn Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
>. ght rdiiir: Hass Sports Editor: Shryer D.ii 1 (.iioi ' Ahrens Issue Editor: Murphy G Ib^r, Donham. Vormilion, Haynes, Petry, HelI ]i, I'lit T V/trb, Richardson, Baynes, Speck, Stephenson, i 1 oil llahn. Smith
I t n .in . I '1^5 .J I uh.ish
vp,
K } I lur S . M nl-M .
11(1 class matter at the post office in Lafayd' r the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, ril rale of postage provided for in section OrUibi r *3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. lu«.sda>. Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings ,11 Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a 00 foi two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a
3 lO for two sem'esters.
-In , mailed subscription $1.50. [ foi national advertising by National AdvertisInc . College Publishers Representatives, 420
N(.w York. N. Y.'
Congratulations Faculty. . .
Since the war has begun, Purdue has been Old ahead in changing their program to fit inu) the nation’s demands for increased defense ;icliviLies. Through the Extension Service of ilie University, many war-time courses have enabled people throughout the state to take advantage of specialism in needy fields. Other examples may easily be cited. And now a new step has been taken, indi1-' ctly, by the University faculty. Many of the instructors have realized that their courses developed a new importance and that tlicii subjects are now more necessary than e\ c/ to students in winning this world-wide struggle. Of more significance than the fact tha! the leachers recognize the new value of tl.e.-e cuujses is the fact that they are doing something about it. Elementary ecnomics, which is taught to j’eaily all of Purdue students, has been re- \ i-ed by the group of faculty instructing it to include a recently published book on war ( coromics.' Weeks were taken off from the ivgular schedule of that course to explain to il.e enrolled eds and coeds what the immediaie and long run effects of such critical probi uis as inflation, rationing and isolation on 01,'' ci\ ilization. '! liough not all of the curriculums have ihauge so drastically, many more of the sci- ^ n-jf' and home economics courses, besides .0)1 ;c of the engineering and ag classes, have n alLered as best possible. Congratulations, faculty, on the steps and (U'k you have taken to make Purdue students J <)•up-to-date on the present situation, and iirs.o i'll to s;crve their country,—c.f.h.
Shades Of The Past
(i'rdin Ulc’Dailj Northwestern, October 28, 1942) Jla*, anybody here seen Elmer? Elmer, : Mi know, i.s the happy college student who ; creeche.s around corners at top speed in his i ahiny convertible, holds up traffic while I-. w ai es to a girl he doesn’t know, and then cciilinue.s on his merry way, Well, if you have seen Elmer, keep him I'idticu, will you? He typifies a type of stu('int tliat used to attend Northwestern uni’.ensity. They were here for fun not work, ami Ihey felt obliged to demonstrate this at <■ \ (l y o)jportunity. They wore flashy clothes, ■" -u e si'cn in all the public pleasui’e-spots havI a hilarious time, and were startled at the i,; ilion of books or studying. After all, if to y didn’t behave in this manner people "O' hi not realize that they wei’e college ‘ i.i Is’’. Thai would be bad. Think of all the . ujiicy wasted. Unfortunately, they were successful and thyir behavior v/as accepted as typical of all I'llloge students. A conception of “Joe Coli go” vas formed in the public mind which, although coloi’ful, had little connection with I'iglier learning. Such a widespread fallacy \);t bad enough in normal times. Today it u.ii 1 b(‘corrected. lu lliih time of great national emergency when tile country is looking up to the colleges and universities for the leaders of tomorrow, there is a glowing interest in the question, ^nvho is gyuiig to college?’’ Whatever the answer 10 that, the answer to the next question, ^A*Who .siioud bq going to college?” is obvious. * fMf^e^e'tstudents must be those who have high ability and are anxious to worje hard to
^ VUSiniMTOH . . tfT. R«9 U S f.t OH MERRY-EO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON Loss Of Cruiser Squadron Scotches Second Front Plans; FDR Plans Manpower Shifts Twice recently Drew Pearson’s courageous exposes have sparked forthright action of Government officials. Two days after he exposed the passage of $3,100 in checks to Representative Ham Fish in 1939, the Justice Department issued subpoenas to the donors of those checks, Gunther HansonStnrm and Carl Maack, German-American operators of the Romanoff Caviar Co., to appear before a grand jury in Washington. Again, a few days ago, the War Production Board forced a plumber to take one mile of copper pipe from the roof of the swank Dorchester Hotel in Washington, and warned him against further use of copper, after Pearson had revealed. Sept. 26, that the copper was used in violation of a WPB order. WASHINGTON—Ever since the Navy officially admitted that the situation in the Solomons was “very grave”, Washington has witnessed a game of backstage buck-passing as to who was responsible for starting the Solomons campaign in the first place. The questions is important only for one icason: it throws light on the controversial question of who should run the war—the civilian Commander-in-Chief with his civilian Secretaries of War and Navy, or the admirals and generals. The story of what happened in the Solomons may help to give the answer. Briefly, here it is: Last June tHe Russians were promised that a Second Front in Europe would be established some time this year. And although the admii'als always have urged pushing naval war in the Pacific ahead of any other single theater, Admiral King went to London with Gen. Marshall to confer with the British regarding the Second Fiont. Meanwhile, Roosevelt was persuaded that a Pacific operation on a small scale could be started against the Japanese. There was one very good reason for this operation. The Japs were rapidly building air bases on all the Pacific Islands. Once those bases were completed they would be much more difficult to knock .out. So the Navy, with Admiral Leahy cariying the ball, persuade the President to start the Solomon Islands campaign, but with one specific promise: that no additional ships be taken out of the Atlantic, away from the Second Front. • Rescue The Marines Unquestionably there was a strong belief ip the minds of some naval advisers that once U. S. Marines landed in the Solomons, the President would change his mind and permit more ships and reinforcements to be sent—if necessary. However, what neither the President nor the Admirals figured on was the disastrous naval defeat of August 9 when the American cruiser squadion was caught off guard, and we suffered extremely heavy losses. In addition to the four U. S.-Australian heavy cruisers sunk, other ships, still unannounced, were damaged. And a damaged ship is just as good as sunk until it is repaired. So the August 9 defeat materially changed the history of this war. It caused reconsideration of the Second Front. It reinforced the hand of Admiral Leahy, who was opposed to the Second Front. It played into the hand of Churchill, who had been extremely reluctant about the Second Fiont. It meant that more ships, more troops had to be sent to the Sotuh Pacific. These mistakes, some perhaps unavoidable, arc now being blamed on the civilians by the na^al leaders, and on the Navy by the civilians. But in view of the Solomons naval defeat plus Russian ire over broken promises, history perhaps will judge that Lloyd George was right when he said, you can’t leave military decisions to the military; and that Roosevelt should have stuck to his original determination to concentrate on Hitler. • High-Lighting The Navy A lot of newspaper editors and publishers know more about where the Navy is going than they did two weeks ago. The chief of Navy’s Public Relations Bureau, dynamic Capt. Leland P. Lovette, has just completed a whirlwind tour of the West and Mid-West to tell these men some things he couldn’t put in a letter. Meeting mostly small groups, including radio as well as newspaper men, Lovette game them off-the-lecord pictures of what the war looks like from inside the Navy. When he got back, Louisville’s publisher Mai'k Ethridge wrote Secretai y Knox that nothing so illuminating had struck that city for a decade. • No More Enlistments Inside word is that the President soon will make two far-reaching moves in the war manporver field. First, he will place the Selective Service System under Paul McNutt’s Manpower Commission. The Tolan National Defense Migration Committee has urged this; also proposes “occupational deferment boards” to expedite deferments of labor needed on the farm and in essential war industi ies. Second, the President will issue an executive order banning further enlistments in the Army. Army chiefs have informed the White House that they do not want to be bothered witJi any more enlistments, since the new 18-19 drawt law will biing in all the younger men that aie neded foi military duty. However, the President is seriously considering extending to new draftees the prerogative of enlisted men—that of choosing the branch of service they want to join. Piobably futuie diaftees won’t enjoy the full piivilcges ot an enlisted man, but some provision will lie made whereby they will have some voice in determining the branch of the aimy in wliicli they seive.
Out Of The Wardrobe By June Hardy
‘Reminds a little of the times I’d forgotten our wedding anniversary.”
Campus Chemical Warfare School Gives Information Regarding Gas Attacks
By Jim Richardson Some time ago, freshmen engineers were pr^ented with information from the Chemical Warfare School wliich included many useful facts about present war gases. A person vith this knowledge should be valuable in case of an actual gas attack. According To Effects On Boday Chemical agents are classified according to their effect on the human body. The main classifications are: lung iriitants, a self-explanatory term; lacrimators, various types of tear gase.s; vesicants, agents either gas or liquid which produce watery blisteis; iiritant smokes, no, not cigarettes with a high nicotine content, but various gases which cause sneezing and nose irritation; and incendiaries, gases which produce burns w'hen placed in contact with the body. Gas Masks Approx cd The common gas mask will give complete protection against any agent intended to pioducc discomfort thiough bicathing. Protection against vaiious contact gases can be afforded by covering the skin
surface as thoroughly as possible. The safest place in an average gas attack would be the highest place within the vicinity, since most gases tend to be more concentrated clo*=c to the ground. Gas will actually flow into such low places as basements and the concentrations are likely to build up there. Weather Conditions Count The length a gas will lemain at its point of release is determined by the tendency of the gas to disperse, the weather conditions, the type of bomb and the surrounding terrain. One should be extremely caieful when entering a low place, even quite a while aftei the actual attack. First Aid Suggestions For first aid suggestions one should lead a modern wai-time first aid book. In all cases of gas poisoning of any kind, a doctor should be called immediately. Gas attacks may seem remote now, liut remember, “to be forew'arned i.s to be forearmed,” and we liave already been violently forewarned at Pearl Ilaiboi.
Females were running loose in full plumage last week end at the first informal Interfraternity .Ball; heard many a wail and howl over the banned formal shindig, but ’pears to me the gals “leaned over backwards” preening their looks for the night. Fashionalogy was flourishing at its highest this fall come 8:30 last Friday with the downbeat of Maestro Strong. Rushed up and waylayed Sophomore Donna Curtis in what looked like a velveteen but turned out to bo a kitten-soft white velvet jobby cut on elongatin’ princess lines. A half-foot wide black velvet band circularized the bottom at the hem. Matching this was a big Peter Pan collar and piping round the sleeves. And listen to this—she and her Mamniy designed and made it! , Freshman Pat Nunneley and Snow White had gobs in common with Pat bedecked in her white wool jersey. Green jersey biasing was zooming from the open collar, down the front and around the bottom of the long fitted torso. From under this came inch size knife ploats in the skirt, and the shoes were green suede. More wool jersey .. . this time in Sophomore Peggy Porter’s chartreuse may-I-borrow-it-pleasc dress. (Dived into Webster’s works to see how to spell chartreuse, and was I .“urpi'ised to sec how it got its color! Interesting!) Nail-head studs fanwised up and down from a fitted girdled waist, while purty covered buttons came up the back. Gold button carings and heirloom bracelet were right in keeping. Katy Gannon, sophomore, had a tech of old Hawaii in her firey red crepe print; big plack pineapples were tossed here and there in the print. The dress was simply cut with a full fish-bone pleated skirt, shirtmakcr top, open collar and plain cufi’s. Jersey scores again! Ice blue jersey belonging to Freshman Sire Knappcnber.gcr. Was a look-twicer because of its simplicity; just two pieces; fitted cardigan edged in black jersey and a plain skirt. The only ornament was a little gold horse on the left top. With her black suede shoe.H, Sue had a four bell outfit. Junior Shirley W’hitoman’s black brocade (cariwovcr from days of Byzantium—for the headaches of C. & T. 20 gals) was reall\ smooth with her two stiinger pearls. Had a round neck with a band and shirring oozing fiom this. ’Twas princossly fitted from stem to stem and bad elbow length puffed sleeves. If Friday r\cie a preview, there will be a White Christmas this year; Loeb’s window displa,y must be taking effect. Right in the middle of it all was Marge Kuntz dancing in white flannel. It was a two-piece cardigan, fionted with pearl buttons, collarless nccl;, and skiiT pleated round in groups of three pleats. A pearl bracelet matched the buttons, and on one side of the neck she pinned a queer little cow-boy idcacd ornament. Purple .had its fling too—Carol Elward, freshman, went in for rabbit’s hair diindle. Giant lick-rack outlined the round fiont-^plit neck and skirt; skirt fullness bunched from the waist yojic. Jean Holtson, sophomore, conventionalized in the always-good-laste black; hers was of crepe, scallop decoiation, skirt of unpressed pleat.:, and hard-to-describe piped sleeves. The inkiness of the black was broken by baby size pearls. Black suede tocless pumps. Those are the nominations for the night’s diesscr.s—could have tossed in twenty otheis I ’spose—but, mercy, iny head was swinimiiT with these.
ERC To Defer Medical, Prof.F.c.Hockema
Dental, Vet Students
Personnel Motes Coinpanie.s to vi.sit campus: Bell Aircraft, Buffalo, New York ■—November 2 and 3. Interested in ME, AeroE. Befhlelicni yitel (jo., Bethlehem, Pa.—November 4 ;ind 5. Bell Sjstem (Weslein Eh-'cliic and Bell Labs)—November 5 and 0. Bendix Products l)iv., Bendix Aiiation Corporation, .Soutli Bend, Ind.—November Fi and (>. Allegheny-Ludlum Steel Corp., Bracken) idge, Pa.--Novenibe)- (i. l)evoe& Raj Holds Co., Inc., Louisville, Ky.—November 0. Intel este<l ill women chemi.sts. Pan American ^Viiwajs, Inc., Jackson Heights, N. Y.—Nov !). Bureau of Naval Per.soimel— V-7(S)—for Bureau of Naval Oidnance, Cliicago, 111.—Novembci 12, 13 and 14. Intelcsted in Decembei ME, EE,-CK, and CliE. Joint Recruiting Board—Ai my. Navy, Marine Coips-Coast Guard'— Columbus, Ohio—Nov. 17 and 18. Westinghou.se Electric and .Manufacturing Co.—Nov. 10 and 11. Joint Recruiting Board—Ai my,
Ag Staff To Entertain Seniors At Banquet
Senior A.grieulturcil Alumni staff banquet will lie lield November 16 in file Agncidtural Engineering Innhling. I'liK b yeai llie nieniboi's of the agriculture staff give a banquet to the Ag sei.ior^ who are about to giaduatc. ’fills ye;ir the bamiuet is to tal e the foi m of an infoimal fish fi y-
Accoiding to the University Military Department members of the Enli.sted Reserve Corps Unassigned who are accepted for mati iculation at an approved medical, dental, or veterinai.y school may be deferred from‘active duty foi' the purpose of attending these schools. All such students so defei red \i ill upon matiiculation at the approved school be discharged from the Enlisted Reserve Corps and be appointed Second Lieutenants, Medical Adniimsli'ativo Coip.s, Ai'iny of the United States, upon submission of ]iroper application through the Dean of the Medical School. Students desiiing more complete information sliould apply at the Adjutant’s Office in the Arnioiy.
. . . assistant to the President, will leave toda.v for Port Knox, Ky., where he will spend tomorrow inspecting the work being done in the Armored Foi’ce Candidate School. Hockema was recently naiVied representative of the armed forces on
the University campus.
•k-k-kir-k-k-kirAr'k-kirir-kick-k-k-k-k-kiicifir
Ofan Mills Studio
(Distinctive Portraiture) 20.'j Easi Stale Phone 3413
Navy, M:ii'ino < m pi Cuasl (liup-fi, Cnluiilbus, Ohio No'. 17 .’lid 18.
P. K. Mallory & Co., Inc., Indiaii.iimli--, Ind.—Interested in MetE, EE, ME. Sign in Pci'sonnel Office by Wednesday, November 11.
achieve advanced skill and knowledge. The waj' must be made open to them, regardless of their wealth or social position. England realizes this fact and America is learning it quickly. Those of us who are in college must work hard to create a new idea of what a college students is and t6 justify our being here rather than in a factory or on the battlefield. On second thought—if you find Elmer, don’t hide him. Just notify his draft board.
-HOW PLAYINGfunnier Than Their First!
tixvnfx A'.'; i-UAglfC ■
-ADDtD-
TOUCHDOWN TARS See The Great Lakes Football Team In Action
ADMISSION
Nights and Sunday
35c
Week Day Matinees
25c
Children
lOc
Plus Tax
TODAY - WEDNESDAY FIRST RUN HIT
BUSTER CRABBE
'BILLY THE KID'S SMOKING GUNS' ' —AND —
Claude RAINS Warren WILLIAM Ralph BELUMY Patric KNOWLES Bela LUGOSI
Maria OUSPENSKAYX Evelyn ANKERS and LooCUANEr Q» 'Thfl Wolf Mon*
• ALSO —
CARTOON
LUNA
-TODAY - TOMOROW-
\ DEFECTIVE DETECTIVI eoEs A-HAumiiMa!
uwmsm
■wii li l<OW^Rn D.jJNALD WOODS FRANK CRAVFM
GfO BREHT I^ARSHUL
WARNER BROS! Swell New Hiti Gene LOCKHART'Roscoe KARNS • Edward CfANNEUI Dlr«ct«d by Screen Play by F/ed NIble, Jr JO (iRAHAM r ""‘I Hector Cbevigny JO Unniiniy) From a story by Roy Chancelor
EaaSBuy-iijiaTao",^.,,
MAiiS
TODAY and TOMORROWw %
i <#i
m
4, ii
i\ !?*"
' “ Tr 'f
^ue^di^y, November 3, 1942
Boilerir^aker Sports
Pag^S
Dads* Day Features Great Lakes-Riveter Clash
Preparation was begun yesterday afternoon by Coach Burhham’s crippled Boilermakers for the invasion of Great Lakes’ gridiron aggregation next Saturday afterijioon. The Riveters and the Blu^j&ckets are scheduled to mix it up for the highlight feature of this Week end’s Dads’ Day celebration. This game will be the second time the two teams have met. ^Badk on l^ovember 30, 1918, during World War I, the two teams
met on the Northwestern field in Evanston, 111. The powerful sailor team cleared their decks fbr action and gave the Boilermakers a 27-0 trouncing. The first tally for the Bluejackets came as a result of a long forward pass from Driscoll to Halas, owner-coach of the mighty Chicago Bears who recently was commissioned as a Lt. Commander in the Navy. This gave the sailors a 7-0 half-time lead over the comparatively light Boilermaker team. In the third quarter, the Blue-
jackets started a running attack that netted them three touchdowns and put the game on ice. The new^papei* accounts of the day reveal that it was the superior broken field running of Jimmy Conzelman that played a major part in the downfall of the Black and Gold squad. Old Time Stars Old timers who have followed the football feats of the Boilermakers Will recall that some of the Riveters all-time greats were in the lineup against the powerful Great Lakes
squad. The Boilermaker” eleven) coached by '‘Butch*’ ScanlonV started with Bendixen and Foreman, ends; Capt. Bartlqtt' and Birk, tackles; Phillips and jH[argrave, guards; Mitchell, center; '^Mutphy, quarterback; Both, ^lid^JMcthtesh, halfbacks, and M^rifl^y,|^5fu|lback. Bob Markley, jBoilennake&tduljack, who for some years l4^ ager for an oil company in'j^^^hi, India, was the bufstahditi'g perfoJmer for Purdue ddtijng tihe dftemoOn. Back to the present we see
the Boilermakers ready to seek revenge in the tilt next Saturday. The Bluejackets will be singing we did' it before and we can do it again, but the Boilermakers will try to disprove this. A light drill was held yesterday afternoon and the fifteen players who bore the brunt of the battle at Iowa were excused 'from the practice as Coach Buinham stressed the development of the reserve power for the home tilt Saturday. Although Buniham was pleased with
the improvement )n the offiensive power displayed against the Hawkeyes, he pointed out that the sailor forward wall is made of granite so the Boilermakers will place the emphasis on an overhead attack. Recount after the Iowa game showed that the Boilermakers’ injury list has taken on some new additions. Bob Hajzyk, sturdy quarterback, who has done most of the punting for the Black and Gold this season, is suffering from a tackle shoulder. Otto Hurrle, sophomore
center, who has played a stellar role on the Boilermaker defensive, received a wrenched elbow in the Hawkeye fracas. In addition to these, the Boilermakers still havfe Kenny Smock, triple threat halfback, Dick Barwegen, stalwart sophomore guard, and'Bruce Warren, veteran tackle, on the sidelines, Warren may be able to return to action for the Great Lakes encounter, but it will be several days before the status of the other four casualties will be determined.
—:
Aces On Sailofs Grid Squad undefeated Wisconsin
We cleaned out our desk the other day and ran across a stack of old pre-season predictions concerning the Boilermakers, along with some dbst-covered statistics piled up by the 1941 squad. We can remember two of the predictions .... “unusual speed will t^nd toward wide open play’’.... “Since the tail^^nd of the schedule is not as tough as the fore part they will enjoy a better year than 1941 when they only won two games. By midseason they will be a hard team to beat.” It’s a good theory. After Iowa some are wondering. The Riveters had the men on the field in Iowa City that could have beaten the Hawkeyes if they- had been on their toes, even not considering some slightly sour officialing. In case anyone has forgdtten, the score was in Iowa’s favor in the amount of 13-0. The Hawkeyes weren’t playing winning football, but somehow the Boilermakeis couldn’t take advantage of the situation. The 1941 Boilermakers were rather conspicuous ill the final compilations of grid statistics, under the heading, “Leaders of the Midwest”. They gained the lowest number of yards rushing and passing individually and combined, they completed the lowest number and lowest percentage and gained the lowest average yardage on forward passes. They gained the lowest average yardage per rush. There is still a great deal which may be salvaged out of this so far hapless season. True, against 1942 opponents they have been closely paralleling their 1941 record, with the exception of the fact that on the credit side 6f the ledger Ihst year the Boilermakers had fewer passes completed against them than any othei team in the nation. So far this year the Riveters have crossed the goal line three times in six games and tallied the three corresponding extra points. This brings the average up to 3.50 points per game. Last year it was a 3.375 average computed as 27 points in eight contests. But there are three games remaining in which the 1942 mob can hiake a little more^espectable writing in the record books. The games that remain, however, are not going to be easy to recoup the season in. The Great Lakes Bluejackets finally rose up in anger and returned to the wining bracket by dumping the powerful Missouri outfit by a decisive 17-0 score. We play ’em this week. Last week the Spartans of Michigan State slapped down the Bluejackets. Wc play ’em next week. Then, there’s Indiana. If you want to figure it that way, they are two touchdowns better than the Boilermakers judging by the Ohio State gn^me, and one touchdown better on the basis of the Iowa game. That’s an impractical way to figure in this crazy year of upsets, though. Practically anyone can follow the upsets around and show evidence that Central Normal College is two touchdowns better than the Chicago Bears, if they try hard enough. The way to judge the fray seems to be to abide by trradition and forget about judging it.
BOWLING
America’s Favorite Sport IF YOU LIKE BOWL YOU WILL FIND THE VERY best OF FACILITIES at JhSL (pJUAdjUSL TyisumfdaL 9AmmL I'he Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
f (./('I
These thiee men are all former college aces now starring for the Great Lakes outfit. Smith and Odson played at Minnesota wheie the latter was winner of the Heisman and Maxwell trophies last season
in addition to being elected to the great iron man role at center last starting lineup of the college all season. Bob has shared the work ^t stars. Odson is a 2,50 pounder who .this position for the sailors with staried at tackle for the Gophers. Bob Nelson, formerly of Baylor, and Boilermaker fans will all remem- Basil Petry, another ex-Riveter ber Bob Johnson who played the star.
Silver Mask To Hold Callout' Tomorrow The Silver Mask is holding a callout for all fencers; experienced or unexperienced tomorrow, Thursday and Friday of this week in the Fieldhouse. No fencing equipment is necessary and instruction will be given. Members of the club have already started piactice foi their tilts with Notre Dame, Michigan State, Illinois, and Wisconsin. The pledges to the Silver Mask are L. D. Acheson, D. H. Green, R. I. Bryant, Ray Lawson, Don Schrader, Erie Schwenker, Ralph Tiiska and Tom Thiele.
Sports Shorts IM Schedules
Bob Ray, University of Wisconsin fullback, kept his Ross-Ade Stadium scoimg lecoid intact by plunging to a touchdown against the Pmpic eleven Saturday. Two yeais ago it was his point-after-touchdown fdllowing the final gun which gave the Badgers a Frank Mernwell win over the Boilermakers.
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
Maybe the boys have something there. The Iowa Hawkeyes decided last Saturday before their game with the Indiana eleven to skip their lunch. They told Dr. Eddie Anderson they didn’t feel like eating. The scoie: Iowa, 14; Indiana, 13.
Biuce Smith, Great Lakes left halfback, won an award as collegiate football’s “Flayer of the Yeai” chiefly for his offensive exploits at Minnesota last season.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Acrofts (roin Union “Red” Samnione *29 “Doc” Epplc *40
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
The following Fraterntiy Touchball games will be played Tuesday evening, Nov 3, at 4.16 1 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Delta Upsilon Umpire, Bussing 2 Sigma Nu vs Lambda Chi Alpha Umpire, Shook 3 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Theld Tau. Umpire, Musseiman. 4 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Delta Theta Umpne, Rodgers 6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta Chi Umpire, Emerson 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs Triangle Umpire, Marozick 7 Acacia vs. Theta Chi Umpire, Hawkins 8 Theta Xi vs Alpha Tau Omega Umpire, Harvey 9 Sigma Chi vs Bela Theta Pi Umpire, Diinnuck 10 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Kappa Delta Rho Umpire, Thompson 11 Phi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Sigma Kappa. Umpire, Miller 12 Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Kappa Umpire, Nordquist 13 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi Umpire, Pilarski 1 i l^hi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Pi Umpire, Becker 15 Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Delta Umpire, Spiague The Inter-Fiateinity Steeplechase event IS scheduled for Wednesday e\ening, November 4th Have your four contestants (and one helper for the swing) at the course ready to go at 4 15 Numbers will be worn bv all contestants , these to be picked up at the sta^’ting point Six teams will run in each heat, the six with best time to go lo the finals which will be run Thursday, Nov 5th In case of severe weather Nov. 4, contestants will meet and start from the dressing loom under the west stand at the Stadium Waid basketball starts Monday, November 9 A practice schedule has been arranged and will appear in the Exponent. Supply your own officials for these practice games Any ward may enter as many teams as they want in the “A” League, but no man playing in “A” League after the practice schedule is over can play in “B” bask«'tbcill leagm Any ward or house inter! sted in entering this sport please contact Intramural Office I h( following Ward “A” basketball games II be pi lycd Wednesday evening, Novomr 4 Court 1—Don Sprague 7 00—Unit 3 vs. Unit 6 7 15—Unit I vs Unit 7 8 15—Unit 2 vs Unit 6 ALL CAMPUS BOWLING TOURNAMENT Schedule for Week 6, Wed., Nov. 4, and Thurs., Nov. 5 Wed , 6:30— Phi Kapiia lau vs Beta Theta Pi Pill Gamma Delti vs Delt i Tau Delta I hrt i Chi vs Alpha Chi Rho SiruM Pi V'- Sigma Aloha Epsilon Phi K.inp.i Sigma vs Phi Sigma Kappa Wed., 8.45— Pi Kapp i Alpha v^ Delta Upsilon Delti Chi \s B(ta Sigma P-^i * Alphi Gamma Rhd vs Hilltops Theta Tau vs Pi Kappa Phi Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Triangle Thurs., 6:30— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Tau Omega Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Nu PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
New tmder-arm f Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
“I never saw a fighting man who didn’t cherish the very thought of a pause with Coca-Cola. That goes for workers in factories, too. Ice-cold Coke is something more than the drink that answers thirst. It adds the feel of refreshment. “In war. Uncle Sam restricts the supply. But there’s still enough for many refreshing pauses.’’ ' i DOTTUD UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY Coca Cola Bottling Co., ot Lafayette, Iiid., nt fitli and Salem Hts.
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shirts. Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to ’ fabric.
Tops Big Nine Standings
' By Bob Krieger
Wisconsin’s Badgers no'w stand alone m the gridiron ranks of the Big Nine’s undefeated. As a result of their decisive 17-7 rout of Ohio State, Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s dazzling pigskin warriors gained undisputed possession of first place
in the Big Nine football parade.
The Wisconsin triumph was the first defeat inflicted upon the powerful Buckeyes who slipped down into second place
the Western Conference ■
fi. Livinghouse
WinsDecathloh By Slim Margin
Bob^ Livinghouse, versatile var-
sity track man, has been announced as being the winner of this year’s Decathlon contest. This makes the second successive year that Livinghouse has been victorious in this an-
nual fall track competition.
High Score
Livinghouse compiled a total of 4435 points as compared with 4143 for last year’s contest. Points were awarded m each of the ten events on the basis of the performance turned in by the individual man. The first six men to place and the total numbm: of points for each of them as as follows:
m
standings. Ohio State’s record now shows three victories and one defeat in Conference competition. Up at Ann Arbor, Illinois suffered its initial Big Nine defeat as the Wolverines of Michigan scored a 28 to 14 triumph over the Illini. Since Minnesota and Iowa were also scoring victories over their respective opponents last Saturday, we find Illinois, Michigan, Iowa and Minnesota all tied for third place in the Big Nine standings, each of these teams having scored a pair of conference triumphs while suffering one defeat. Hawks Stop Riveters Out at Iowa City, the Hawkeyes scored a 13 to 7 win over our in-jury-riddled Boilermakers. This defeat was the thud loss for the Riveters whose conference record shows a single victoiy, scoied at the expense of the Wildcats. Gophers Win Again Up at Minneapolis, the Golden Gophers’ hopes for a chunk of the Big Nine pigskin championship remained alive as Minnesota scored a 19 to 7 victory over the hapless Noithwestern Wildcats. The Gophers have a date with Wisconsin on Nov. 21, and they expect to topple the Badgers from their lofty perch atop thfe Big Nine standings on that afternoon, and thereby move up into a tie with Stuhldreher’s powerhouse team for leadership in the Western Conference pigskin race. Herman Frickey, who made two of the Minnesota touchdowns, filled in ably for the injured Gopher ace. Bill Daley. He scored the first points of the game on a 78 yard punt runback near the close of the first quarter. In the closing seconds of the quarter he dashed off 17 yards to set up a touchdown for Fullback Vic Kulbitski on the second play of the second quarter. Busy Mr. Frickey was still going strong in the fourth period. He intercepted a Wildcat pass on Northwestern’s 22, tossed a pass to Cliff Anderson on the Wildcat 4, then went over for his second touchdown foi Minnesota’s final six
points.
Hoosiers Lose Again Down at Bloomington, Bernic Bioinian’s Iowa Pre-FIight eleven tame roaring back in the final period to scoie 26 points, and hand the Hoosiers a decisive 26 to 6 licking Although this was not a conference game for Indiana, the Hoosieis continue to hover over the Big Nine cellar, with no victories and two defeats. Northwestern fook a firmer giasp on last place as they lost to the Gophers. The Wildcats have lost four conference games and are still seeking their first Big Nine win. Bruce Smith and Bob Sweiger, who were backfield teammates at Minnesota foi thiee years before enlisting in the navy, wcie the offensive sparklers for the Bluejackets. This erstwhile pair of Gophers looked like the combination that sparked Minnesota to the Western Conference championship last season Great Lakes scored its
Livinghouse' Kandis Kilpatrick Harvey Nielson Dettwyler .
4435 4223 3327 3301 3208 3060
Of these six men, only Livinghouse IS a member of the varsity squad; the remaining five men all being on the freshman team. Coach Homer Allen explained this as being due to the fact that many of the varsity track men who might have placed in the decathlon have been running with the Boilermaker crosscountry team and have not had time to enter the competition. Bancker Out Bill Bancker, who placed second in last year’s contest, did not compete this year becouse of an injured ankle. The winners of the first four places will be presented with trophies at the annual Cross-Coun-try banquet to be held at a later date. These trophies are the gift of head track coach Hermon Phillips. The winners of the individual events were: 75-yard dash—Harvey. 330-yard rim—Harvey. 660-yard run—Kandis. 1320-yard run—Kandis. 120-yd.low hurdles—Livinghouse. High jump—Kilpatrick. Shot-put—Livinghouse. Broad jump—Livinghouse. Discus throw—Livinghouse. Hop-step-jump—Kilpatrick. The regular outdoor fall practice has been discontinued because of the cool weather. However a call will be made about the middle of November for the stait of the indoor sea-
first touchdown early in the second quarter, when Sweiger crossed the Tiger goal li^e to climax a drive that earned 77 yards. The Bluejackets added to their lead at the start of the third quarter when Nelson kicked a field goal from the 23 yard line. The final touchdown by Gieat Lakes came in the fourth quditer ivhen John Popov raced acioss the Missouri goal line.
ALLEN*: SCHOOL OF MMCI NCt CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s, Wednesday, November 11th 7:30 P. M. Advanced, Thursday, November 12th , 7:30 P. M. Ir No LehSsons Given During Vacation I ■ ki P. M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150\ ,
Piti^ktte Mslp&tfSni
irW^sdfi:;;> 3^ £94^
aiammmim
•MU
-■ririWfni’mrfffMBMBBMg''
llveriUit Speech Cdhtlst To Oped rpr Freshman Men November 12
V tilMle^ 4. Hays Will Present Winner With Silver Loving Cup
Freshman men will have their first chance to show their
University Appoints Prof. Kohimeyer As
Newcomers To Mold Annual Dinner Dance Newcomers section of the Universities Women’s club will hold its annual dinner dance in both faculty lounges of the Union Saturday evening, Nov. 14, at 6:30. Mrs. R. M. Caldwell is chairman of Newcomers. An informal evening of dancing and bridge after the dinner has been planned by Mrs. Von Roy Daugherty, general chairman. Assisting with the arrangements are Mrs.
Alpha Phi Omcffo: Outdoor campfire meetiuK Tuesday, November 3, at Rose St. entrance to Happy Hollow. Grofip will leave the Union at 7 :30 shan>* —KUCK
Poultry Sciehcc Club: There is to bo a very important meeting November 12. Everyone interested in poultry is urg^d to attend. ' —BOOKER
bbSilM:- Business mooting Tuesday^ ^Jov. 3, at 4 p. m, in the Armory. Gun squads fbr Armistice Bay salute will be selected. Following the business meeting there will be A demonstration and lecture on the gas niask by Lt. C. A. Iloat of the Chemical "Warfare Service. -JACKSON
Phi tnmbda trpsilon: Business
ThUi^day, Nov. 6, 7:16 p. m. in room 280 10 Union. Eldction ot ’ “
of the menlB.
,v„ , refrcBliiHEELER
AIChE Meetinfr: Ur. Kenneth Johnson will speak on "Engineering Problems in Nitroparaffin Production” Wednesday at 7 ;30 p. m. in rdohi 12!) Cf the EE Building. . —WENDELL
Fraternity Rush Chairmen: Cary Hall rush is now open. However men candot be pledged until second semester, —WILCOX
fefeiiity at public speaking by entering the Albert J. Beveridge Aq School AsSOCiate Roedel, chairman of decora-
rtii MnTTAmKo’v* 19 QlTfl ^ tions! Mrs. Ra
Bbhtest te he hield on Thursday, November 12, and Tuesday, ^^0V6mber 24. Formerly known as the Ankeny Contest, this activity is entering its sixteenth year. It opens the University program orintramural competition in public speaking. The winner of the contest Will receive as a permanent possession the Hays Cup, a silver
loving cup donated for the twelfth time by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette. Another cup, the Ankeny Cup, is awarded for one year to the otgtinization whose representatives seedre thje largest number of points in accordance with the scale set up. Each organization is permitted to enter as many contestants as it wishes. Ohly freshman men, oiganized hr unorganized, are eligible, and they must name the organization they repi'esent before the contest if that organization is to be given pdinls for his placing. Speeches for the preliminary contest, to be held at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University tiall on Thursday, November 12, are to be five minutes long. Those for the final contest will be selected from these and speak again on November 12. The speeches in the final contest will be ten minutes long. Seven men chosen from the pieliminaiies will compete in this final session. Sdbjetts Named The subjects to be talked on aic “What Are We Fighting For?” and “College Students and the Draft”. Judges will be selected by the debate manager, and entries for the contest must be made before 5 p. m. Wednesday, November 11, in room 386 in the Union. Magazines, books and other information pertinent to the subject of the talks will be placed on reserve in the University Library for the use of the contestants. Finalists Finalists in this contest will automatically become members of the freshman debate squad. Other tryouts will be held, however, at a later date. Anyone interested see Prof. P. E. Lull in room 305 of University Hall. The team this year will debate teams from surroundingschools. For further details of the Beveridge Contest, see your house debate manager or call at the office of the University Debate Manager, loom 386 in the Union.
Jan Savitt
(Continued from page 1) and his continued improvement won him two subsequent scholarships there. ^ Youngest Member ^ I Leopold Stokowski, hearing Savitt at one of the Institute concerts, offered him a chance to be'the youngest member of the Philadelphia Orchestra. From there he gained local and national recognition for his musical genius and received a post of musical director of Philadelphia’s station, WCAU. While at WCAU, Jan decided that he did not like the brassy arrangements of the regular studio bands and set about to remedy the trouble by rearranging the instrumentation of the group and make it moFe danceable. His “Shuffle iRhythm” He prepaied all the arrangements himself for the popular tunes of the day as well as those of other years. His labor bore fruit as he was soon . offered a position at KYW, the newest station in Philadelphia, where he and his identifying “shuffle rhythm” became one of the better known theme songs on the NBC network.
Prof. J. B. Kohimeyer has been appointed associate in Agricultural Planning with the University Agricultural Experiment Station and Division of Agricultural Extension. His duties in the Agricultural Economics Department began Novem-
ber 1.
Prof. Kohimeyer will do research
Women In Defense
Naval Ordnance
(Continued from page 1) be signed up in Naval Enlisted Reserve, class V-7(S), but a list of their names will be sent to the Ninth Naval District, the Bureau of Navigation, and the Bureau of Ordnance ear-marking these men for service in Naval Ordnance. V-7(S) now includes the former OV commissions offered by the Ordnance Bureau. Captain W. R. Van Auken, Chief of the Bureau of Oidnance, has laid out an extremely complete tiaining course for officers. This course includes theory and practice in subjects concerning torpedoes, mines, fire contiol, explosives, optics, and Other Ordnance engineering topics. Completion of these courses lequires about eight months of training, aftei- which an engineeiing graduate is able to become a Naval Oi dnance Officer. These office) s, when commissioned, will be sent to various stations whei-e they will be responsible for the manj' duties of the Bin-eau of Ordnance. These duties include i-esponsibility for both maintenance and production of oi'dnance required for Naval aircraft, all types of ships, and for the Marine Corps Thus, officers in the Buieau of Ordnance are in chaige of the Navy’.a guns, ammunition, bombs, depth chaiges, mines and toipedoes.
New Teacher Added To Ag School Staff
Science Seminar Will Meet Tonight
Alfi-ed Shaip, formerly a teacher of vocational agi-icultui-e at Knightstown High School, has replaced Ray Pifer a.s professor of afiimal husbandly m the^School of Agl'iculture. Pifei- lesigned recently to become professoi- of animal husbandry in the University of Kentucky. ^ Sharp, who was graduated from 'tlie University in 1926, distinguished hihiadf as a membci of both the wreutlihg and livestock judging tehms. Duiing his career at knightstown he has coached several championship judging teams in the juhior comiietition at the Indiana State Pair.
Tonight, beginning at 7 p. in., the .second meeting of the Social Science Seminar will be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The subject to be discu.ssecl will be “Laboi Unions^ in Our Social Stiucturc.” Seiving as chairman will be Prof. R. W. Field and the discussion leaders and their subject phases are as follows: Prof. W. E. Vogler, Industiial Viewpoint; Pi of. W. V. Owen, Union Viewjioint; Pi of. R. W, Field, Social Viewpoint. The Social Seminal Committee includes the following members R W. Field, Cecelia Scliuck, E. J. Slieiipai d, G. R. Tliorriton, and E. L. Butz, chaii man. ’fhe usual diniiei will be held in the Union cafcteiia at 6 p. m. Those at1 ending will please bung theii tiays to the tables in the West Ual'etei ia
tions; Mrs. Ralph Erb, menu; Mrs. Robert Pulver, tickets; and Mrs.
C. R. Freberg, music.
Notices
All Women Swimmers: Beginninj? ballet ffi’oup will practice every Monday at 4 :30 p. m. All interested come then. Advanced
in agricultural planning and in pub- Vroi'P will practice every Thursday at 6 , /V. ,. T T . p. m. —JOHNSON
he problems Affecting Indiana agrr
culture. Half of his time will be devoted to extension work with local planning committees and with planning groups throughout the state. A 1925 University graduate in the School of Agriculture, Prof. Kohimeyer obtained his Master’s degree in 1027. He served as an instructor in Agricultural Economics until 1935 with the exception of one and one-half years spent doing graduate woi’k at Cornell University. In 1935, he was granted a leave of absence to do land use planning work with the Bureau of Agricultural Economics. He became the Bureau’s Indiana representative in 1939 and continued in that position until this year.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Important business meeting including election of pledges on Wednesday, November 4, at 7:16 p. m. in' room 230 of the Union. Refreshments will be served. —WHEELER
Pi Kappa Alpha
. . . social fiaternity will hold its annual pledge dance at the chapter house on Friday and is open to stu-' dents. The dance will be informal, and Glenn Wright will furnish music from 8:30 until 11:30 p. m. The initiations of Jack U. Thompson, Indianapolis, and William L. Gates, Bicknell, were held last Sunday.
(Continued from page 1) given at 8:00 o’clock tomorrow morning. This is to be a four-hour demonstration showing the complete system used to keep swift contact With the entire city in case of an air raid. Mrs. H. B. Hass pointed out that Lafayette does not expect an air raid, but that being prepared to combat the results of one effectively is essential. The closing meeting will be the incendiary bomb demonstration to be held on the experimental bombing grounds Friday night. Women To Take Men’s Jobs The purpose of this school is to fit women for work now being done by men, many of whom will sometime be called to the armed forces. It is also an informative conference, held to acquaint these women with the actions necessary in an air raid, the ways of being praperd to save yourself and your neighbor, and to help them find out who the air warden.s are in their blocks. After having learned the necessary things that need to be done, women will be able to take over the canteen and air warden jobs that are so essential to the success of this protection. Another item that this school will discuss and work on is the establishment of kindergarten schools for youngsteis whose mothers aie engaged in war industiies or civilian protection work. Civilian Defense, Red Cross .A-ssist Very helpful has been the valuable coopeiation received fiom the Civilian Defense organization of women and the Red Cross, headed by Mrs. A. B. Wiley, in making this .school possible. All the women’s war activities oigaiiizations aie headed by Mrs. R. B, .Stewart. bpeaker.s foi the meetings of the school have been chosen to present to the women a very important pictnie of the work that they can and must be doing to make the Civilian Defense machinery of this city run smoothly and effectively.
Ifyoutookthetroubletdunscramblethis ad—tbenyousbouldmakesureyour nextshirtisanArrow.
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
Shirt Problem?
Here’s a quick solution to any shirt problem — Arrow Whites, the shirts for any occasion. There's the well-known Arrow threesome: the Hitt, Trump, and Dart. There’s the Arrow Sussex with the widespread collar (also in fancy patterns), and there’s that long-time winner, the Arrow Gordon Oxford, both with the regular collar and the button-down collar. $2.25 up. See your Arrow dealer today for some Arrow whites, and don’t forget to get some of those eye-filling, wrinkle-resistant Arrow ties. They’re tops! $1 up.
* BUV If. i. WAR BONDS AND StAmRS *.
ARROW SHIRTS
TIES • CQLIARS • HANDKBRCHIEFS •^UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS
Can Supply You wilb ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
Triton Club: A Hallowe'en will take the place of the regular weekly meeting Tue.?day night at 7 :30. Attendance will be taken and counted the same as a meeting. —BROWNE
Delta Rho Kappa: Regular meeting Tuc's(lay, Nov. 8, at 4 :30 p. m. in room 302 of tne Union. —DAVIS
i.r I
Classified Ads
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Meeting for election ot pledges postponed. Date will bo announced later. —mAIER f
Alpha Phi Omega: The annual banquet will be hold Sunday, Nov. It. For reservations and particulais, see or call Kuck, 261 SW Cary Hall, immediately. - BENDER
Money to loan on diamondfl, wntdheB, ^hil. luggage, typewiriters, Albert's xiOan Officfe* 407 Cdlumbia.
All Fencers: Fencing call-out for experienced and novice fencers Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, Nov. 4, 6 and 0. Report to fencing room on third floor of Ficldhouse from 4 to 6 p. m. any one of these afternoons. No fencing experience nor equipment required. —KOBRNER
SUidcnt Union Boalrd: Board meeting at T :4o p. m. in the Union office. If Pan Hellenic banquet is late —come any way. —DEUSTER
—Adding nil nA&kea sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. ogfraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, BOB Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Programs, tickets and all Uind.s oi Ijrinting ht painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th St. Phono 6206.
Former Band Members: Uniform checks are rdady. They will bo distributed at B^nd supply office in Music Hall starting today. —ROSS
Senior Mechanic,als: Those who have not paid the 86c for the large grqup. picture may do so Thursday, Nov. 6, from 1 to 4 p. m. at table in ME lab. Last chance to be included in composite picture. —KOERNER
Gimlet Club: Paddles have arrived, and may be obtained from me by coming to the Phi Pbi house at any time. —FRASER
Massing—Man's Coat. Alligator "Gold Luhel" raincoat, probably exchanged in Blazer Saturday night with Alligator "Weather Stylo", size 3l>, short "Hub" Lab(.'l wiiich I now have. To ekehanfee coats dall Jean Laucr, 6031.
Pi Tau Sigmk: Election of members Thursday, November 5, at 4 p. m. in Readuig Room. It is importhnt that all actives attend. —DEISER
Scabbard and Blade: An imiiortant meeting will be held Wedne.sday evening at 7 :30 p. m. in the Union. Plans for rough bight this Saturday will be formulated, and the presentation of n^-w members at the Military Bail will be discussed. -SPENCER
Room for rent—Close in, shower, innerspring mattress. 223 Shcetz. \
Lost—Tan billfold. Please return, Emergency. Reward. Doris Amstutz, E. Desk Union. Phone 2482.
Overnight rooms. Phone 6410.
Thu Beta Pi: Important meeting Thursday, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. —YOUNGBLOOD
Code and Radio Instructions: Classes in beginners code instruction and secondary code ulid radio instruction are being organized. Sections will ipect two hours per week, Monday through Friday at 4 and 5 p. m Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armoiy prior to November 2, -HESTERBERG
Ceres Actives and Pledges: Meeting Tucs day evening, November 3, at 7:30 p. m. i room 305 of the Union. - LEMASTER
Purdue Agriculturist Business Staff: Important meeting in office Wednesday, Nov. 4, at 6 p. m. Everyone out. HARDESTY
Exponent Seniors: Those desiring gold keys should see me. - —-GJEMRE
Student War Council: Meeting at 7 p. ir Wednesday in Student Union office. —DEUSTER
All Uni'on Sophomores: Meet in room 35'i Tuesday at 4:15 p. m. foi discussion of plans for petitions. Everyone please be there,-' —GOSSET
DOES Y06R
n PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Reserve Officers: All students holding commissions in the Organized Reserve Coi:ps report to the Adjutant in the Armory as soon as convenient. —RIORDAN
Debris: All organizations with 80 per cent representation in the purchase of the Debris, will please submit the list of their metnbers by November 3 so that the Debris Business Staff can check dnd award a free Debris to those organizations. A minimum of 11 must belong to the organization in order to qtihlify. —:MINTON
SCA Board: Special meeting Tuesday, Nov 3, at T:S0 p. m. Election of officers will be held. Please be present. —MOGAVERO
Nav> V-7: Juniois and seniors who are issembling papeis supporting their lequost 101 enlistment in V-7 who are under 21 \eais of age must submit three copies of parents consent propcrlv notauzed Copies of this form (Naw 400) may be obtained at my office KNAPP
Catabst Members: Business meeting will h(. held Thursday evening. November 5. at 7:30 in Room 302 of the Clum. and Met. Building. TliLie will be an election of pledges -SWAGER
Flying Club: There will be an important Ducting Tuesday, Nov o, at 7:15 p. m. in Room 302 of the Union. Tjekrts for Iho dance will be distributed. 'Ail members please atti nd CROW
troivii Cleaned Clothes Take High Honors... on the Campus!
Smart Co-eds are wisely using Crown Cleaning Service for added glamour. HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
LuoraRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill — On the Corner
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
mMTON MERRY-60-
pOR a clear and convincing picture of the course of notional and foreign affairs, look to The Wash* ington Merry-Go-Round. You'll find in this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put and authentic facts you want to know—and, in these days, need to know. You'll find out who's who bock of the ballyhoo, the influences underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round appears
DREW PEARSON
THE
PURDUE EXPDIVEIVT