THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorrow; rising temperature.
Purdue Exponent
Z-18B
TUESDAY
March 2h 1939 Lafayette, bufiona
VoLSO
No, 143
m
Druggists To AS^ Here For Annual Conference
Opening- with registration in < the Union tomorrow at 9 a. m., the ninth annual druggists’ business copference will con- ' vene here for a two-day session. Doctors of the vicinity will join < with pharmacists from all over the state to hear Dr. E. G. Leland, director of medical economics of the American Medical Association, discuss socialized medicine. Leland will speak on “Socialized Medicine and the Pharmacist” at 3:15 tomorrow afternoon, and will address the annual banquet on “Socialized Medicine and the Public” at 6:30 tomorrow night. Pharmacist Dedicates Issue A wide variety of subjects, rang- ^ ing from merchandizing and air conditioning to insect control and legislation will be covered by speakers on the two day program. ^ February issue of the Indiana Pharmacist is dedicated to the conference, and honors the staff of the t pharmacy school, who are sponsoring it. The magazine contains photographs of the staff. Pharmacy
Five PIA Delegates Will Attend National
Convention In Kansas
PIA will send a delegation of five to the Second National Conference of Independent Students’ Associations, Friday and Saturday, March 31 and April 1, at the University of Kansas in Lawrence. “The delegation will gather valuable information about the activities of various other organizations about the country, and try to make Purdue the site of the 1940 convention,” stated Jerry Hinshaw, membership chairman of the PIA executive board.
. . . whose band will play for Union Penguin Formal. All students desiring tickets can obtain them any time before Friday, March 24, at the main desk in the Union Building.
Registration for the convention will begin at 10 p. m. Friday in the Kansas Memorial Union. Welcoming address will be/delivered by the chancellor of the University of Kansas. The rest of the conference will be given over to round table discussions on all phases of Independent work.
Swing Session Tea Dance To Feature
Songs Of The Week
Building, and a large number of
druggists who have been active in planning the conference.
Berry, Hall Chosen
Wason Will Discuss To Represent WSGA
Europe Tomorrow
“Crisis Correspondent — Purdue Girl Recounts Adventures in Central Europe” will be the subject that Betty Wason, HE ’33, will discuss at a special convocation tomorrow at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Miss Wason has been an eyewit- „ ness to many of the recent European crises during the last nine months, and was present when the I troops from Germany, Hungary,
Ruth Hall and Treva Berry have ' been chosen as delegates to the biennial convention of the Intercollegiate Association of American Women which will be held at the University of Kansas at Lawrence, Kan., on April 3, 4, and 5. The national reorganization of WSGA is the question to be discussed. All schools belonging to the Association are requested to send representatives.
Voting in the second “Song of the Week” contest will reopen this afternoon in front of the Sweet Shop at 3:30 and close for good at 5 p. m. The 10 favorites of last week’s vote were sent to station WKRC, Cincinnati, to be played on the “Dawn Patrol” program, as Purdue’s choice. The five most popular songs, as determined by the balloting, will be played at the fifth Union sponsored tea dance Thursday, March 23, from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Union ballroom.
and Poland marched into Czecho-
slovakia.
t Students must present passports in order to be admitted.
Booklets, published by WSGA organizations at different campuses, will be sent to the University of Kansas before the convention coStvenes. They will be exhibited for the delegates to see.
Stags are invited to attend the dance, but no cutting in during the numbers will be tolerated according to Vince Hruby, vice-president in charge. Song winning first honors will be announced at Saturday’s Swing Session when Bill Martin and his orchestra will introduce several new campus artists .
Freshman Escapes Injury
When log Capsizes Kayak
in Spring A Young Man's Fancy Turns—' Ling Poo
Attempting to shoot the rapids of Sugar Creek, a small stream near Darlington, William Coombe, freshman, and his partner, Merrill Moore, of Wabash College, narrowly escaped death when their kayak overturned Sunday.
By Sam Spring
Today has been officially desigt nated by those in the know as the first day of spring. The first robbms arrived in town about a week ago but the battle of the March < lamb and lion rages on despite official statements by weathermen and other high and mighty fellows. < Spring is the traditional season when the efficiency of all men and the co-eds approaches minus infinity as a limit. By integrating and tak- ^ ing sulphur and molasses, students should be able to survive until spring vacation. ^ Cupid on the Ball The one thing which seems to piosper with the advent of spring ^ is the accuracy of cupid’s shafts. How anybody could be romantic in the wind and rain is beyond me but , somehow people do, Now take the birds. I mean t le members of the avia genus, not
jail or otherwise. Now they come north m the spring time. In fact if it weren’t for the return of the birds and a calendar some of us wouldn’t know spring was hei’e. Some of us don’t know it anyway. Of course there are springs and springs! Springs from whence the water springs. Even door and auto springs. But we are digressing again. Back to the point! Profs Immune? I often wonder if professors get spring fever. Perhaps the yeais have rendered them immune. Or perhaps they can only control their emotions better than the students
The boat capsized when it struck a log in the flood waters of the normally small creek. Three Crawfordsville youths rescued the unfortunate pair with a borrowed boat.
Frosh Co-eds To Compete In Chick Show Poster Contest
Frosh coeds in applied design will compete in annual Egg and Baby Chick Show to be given May 4-6 by designing the best posters bringing out different features of the show.
The birds are calling, the trees are bursting into bloom and even ye scribe turns to thoughts other than the tasks which lie before me. I feel myself slipping, sliding into the solitude and peaceful bliss of Sjpang.
Cash prizes will be awarded by the poultry department for the best designs. The judges are: Mrs. Hammer of the art department of West Lafayette High School; William Kohlmeyer, representing the poultry department; and Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the applied design department.
First Junior Prom Ticket Goes To Co-ed
^ Carolyn Barker, HE ’40, bought the first Junior Prom ticket sold yesterday morning at the Executive ^ Building. Carolyn had boy friend Jim O’Conner, CE ’41, hold her place ^ for her until she arrived. O’Conner has an early morning Executive Building job. But Carolyn wasn’t the first person in line.
At 3 o’clock Horace Wilson, Sci ’39, and Les Lorenz, EE ’40, apI peared to be the first in line. But due to Jim’s inside job they had to take tickets two and three. The next arrival waited until 4 o’clock
to show up. Harry Mitchell, ’39, is probably the happiest boy in the University. He holds ticket number 800. He appeared after his 10 o’clock MT class; stood in line for only five minutes; and then claimed the last ducat on the shelf. Behind him stood about 60 other hopefuls. Most of the crowd arrived by 8:30. Between 8 and 9 a riot broke out on the Executive steps. President Elliott and assistant Prank Hockema appealed for order to no avail. It was up to the dozen Pur-
Trustees Award $372,000 In
Building Equipment Contract;
PWA Approves Lowest Bids
140 Parents Attend
Annual Banquet; Adopt Constitution
One hundred and forty University mothers and dads formed an association and adopted a five article constitution at their annual banquet in the Union Ballroom last night. Nine mothers and nine fathers were elected to a council which appointed officers for the organization.
Officers elected for the newly formed association are: President, Paul F. Royster, Lafayette; VicePresident, Mrs. Lynn Miller, Montmorenci; Secretary, Mrs. Howard Decker, Lafayette.
Council Members
Council members who chose the above officers were: Mrs. R. B. Cooley, West Lafayette; Mrs. 0. F'. Hall, West Lafayette; Mrs. A. A. Swope, West Lafayette; Mrs. Lynn Miller, Montmorenci; Mrs. Howard Decker, Lafayette; Mrs. Robert Williamson, Lafayette; Mrs. P. E. Laramore, Evanston, 111.; Mrs. Henry Roberts, Indianapolis; Mrs. Clell Sexton, Jasonville.
W. P. Bowden, Chicago; C. B. Pettigrew, Pine Bluff, Ark.; H. W. Reiman, Shelby ville; Don Morrison, Indianapolis; Charles F. Meyer, Jr., Indianapolis, president of the Indianapolis Purdue Dads’ Club; J. W. Claney, Riverside, III.; A. McQueen, West Lafayette; T. R. Johnston, West Lafayette, and Paul P. Royster, Lafayette.
Sears Speaks
Robert Phillips presided at the
business session, and President El-
liott acted as toastmaster for the banquet. Dr. L. M. SearS addressed the parents on relations with their children. Sears stated that “The greatest tragedy of today is the failure of some parents to capitalize on the natural affection of their children.” Three causes of discord, he explained, are brilliant parents, suspicions, and lack of confidence.
Continuing, Dr. Sears said, “j3ur social, economic, and political structure needs to be examined to determine why it is that our younger generation is unable to marry when it should.”
The Concert Choir-, led by A. P. Stewart; Arsene Summers, Marvin Smith, and Elaine Krauss entertained with song; Russ Mock played the piano; and the Modern Dance Group performed for the parents.
Debris Broadcast
To Review 'Mikado'
At 4 p. m. this afternoon over station WBAA, Debris will sponsor a 15 minute broadcast in behalf of the “1939 All Campus Show.”
Dick McNeil, publicity manager for Debris, will interview Bill Yeoman, publicity manager of the Varsity Show, and Vernon Hobbs, press agent for the show.
due athletes on hand to quell the shoving ticket seekers. The last ticket was gone at 10:58. They went on sale promptly on the stroke of 8. And it wasn’t only a male waiting list that was on hand at 8. Many girls held places for studious eds.
Included on the broadcast will be d short resume of “Mikado,” this year’s all-campus production. >
Student Sedion.:.
Chairman Benny Bui-ns, who was in somewhat of a stew from 8 to 10:58, said that anyone who held permits might give their names at the cashier’s office, and would be put on the waiting list in order of their appearance.
Chem Building Contracts Total $187,000; Cary Hall, $134,000 New WRH, $51,000
Contracts amounting to approximately $372,000 have been awarded for the furnishings and equipment of the Chemical Engineering Building and the new Residence Halls, according to R. B. Stewart, University Controller. Bids for individual items of the equipment were submitted by 76 different firms at a special meeting of the Board of Trustees on February 15. Results of the bidding then had to be compiled and sent to the Public Works Administration oflices in Chicago for approval All contracts were let to the lowest bidders.
Hitler Disregards LawSaysPhillips
For complete equipment for the new Chem building, contracts totaling $187,000 were awarded to 41 firms. Of this the largest item was awarded to Babcock Williams Co., Chicago, on a low bid of $46,119.
“Hitler and others of his type do not have any regard for the sanctity of the law, but they think they aue a law within themselves,” declared Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips, pastor of the First Baptist Church, Cleveland, 0., before a capacity audience of 1,150 students, faculty and townspeople attending the regular monthly religious convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday. Dr. Phillips stressed the idea that a person who is really free is one who has achieved mastery of himself. President Elliott introduced the speaker, while the University Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart furnished the music.
Other Contracts
Other contracts are: plumbing.
Co-ed Debate Group Discusses Women's
Status In Conference
Inaugurating a new feature in coed debate work, representatives of all Big Ten schools except Chicago. Wisconsin, and Minnesota, spent the week-end in a group discussion conference at Northwestern University.
Representing the University were Gene Pechin, Charlotte Finney, Elizabeth Maier, Mildred Harper, Jane Ostrander, and Janet Morehouse, accompanied by L. S. Winch, of the English and speech department, as coach. The debaters met in small panel groups Friday and Saturday to discuss, “What Should be the Status of Married Women in Business, Industry, and Professions.”
$28,954, Freyn Bros., Inc., Indianapolis; electric wiring, $16,700, H. B. Lammers Co., Lafayette. Chemistry desks and other wood equipment will be supplied by the Walrus Mfg. Co., Decatur, 111. The bid of $23,350 includes moving present equipment from Heavilon Hall to
the new location.
Contracts for the new Cary Hall South total $134,000, or a cost of about $300 per occupant. Of this $48,563 is for kitchen equipment, supplied by Bernard Gloekler Co., Pittsburgh. Refrigerating installations will cost $7,652, while Lafayette Carpet and Rug Co. was awarded a $3,100 contract for draperies. Kirby Risk Co., Lafayette, submitted the low bid of $2,480 for student lamps. Contracts for rugs and furniture amounting to $60,000 were divided among several bidders: Marshall Field, and Newton Hoit, Chicago; American Furniture Co.,
Batesville, Ind.
$51,000 for Residence Hall Complete equipment for the new Women’s Residence Hall will cost $51,000, or about $365 per occupant. Largest single item was $17,751 for kitchen equipment. Refrigeratioif' installations will cost $2,079, and a sandwich grill $3,381. Lafayette Carpet and Rug Co. again was low bidder for draperies, with an estimate of $1,520. Lamps from Kirby Risk Co., Lafayette, will cost $828. Contracts for rugs and student room furniture were again divided among several firms: Marshall Field and Newton Hoit, Chicago; American Furniture Co.,
Batesville, Ind.
After definitely deciding that there was a problem, and defining it as much, the conference concluded that: 1. Married women have a place in business as well as in the home. 2. In most cases a married woman’s
Ex4-H Club Members
To Hold Annual Parly
working does not interfere with her
making a good home. 3. That social legislation such as minimum wage laws should be passed providing an adequate income for husbands so that women would not have to work.
In Gym Saturday Eve
U. L. McConnell Appoinied Independent Ad Manager
... of the American Chemical Society elected officers for the coming year at their annual business meeting recently. Thomas DeVries was chosen chairman, C. J. Klemme, as vice-chairman; C. L. Shrewsbury, chairman-elect, P. J. Allan, secre-tary-treasurer, and H. R. Kraybill, counselor.
U. L. McConnell, Ag. ’40, has just been appointed advertising manager of the Purdue Independent. McConnell has served on both the adver- ’ tising and circulation staffs of the Independent, is a member of the staff of the Agriculturist, a pledge to the Reamer club and to Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary.
Former 4-H membei-s now enrolled in the University will hold their annual party Saturday nighi from 8 to 11 in the Women’s Gym. Both eds and coeds who have been 4-H members are welcome and may bring guests, according to those in charge of the affair. The evening’s program will be composed of group games, refreshments, and either folk or ballroom dancing. Former parties have had an attendance of 80 or more stu-
dents.
President Elliott has been invited, and has expressed his intention of attending. Purpose of the gather-
ing is to bri^g together students
formerly active in clubwork.
Pi Kappa Alpha...
. . . social frateniity announces the initiation of Thomas Bushnell, West Lafayette; William Neutzel, Tell City; James Powerms, Ladoga; and William Ellsworth, Huntingburg.
Fi;“ank De La Croix is in ehai'ge. Assisting him as committee heads are Frank Goris, Mary Glen Yeager, Elmer Nesius, Kathryn Murphy, Maui'ine Morris, and John Hardin. Tickets priced at 10 cents may be purchased from any of the committee members pr at the door.£djUttfiudL
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
"Bury The Dead"... . . . has had an extremely unfortunate history at Purdue this year. The series of incidents which have transpii'ed have left distinctly bad taste in the mouth of everyone connected with the affair. “Buiy the Dead” is an entertaining and powerful play designed as a bitter satire against war. Playshop scheduled it for the third production this year, then abandoned it for “This Thing Called Love”—^abandoned it by request of the University administration. In today’s Letters to the Editor column William McFadden voices some objections to the treament which has been given this play. He also asks some leading questions, which we will attempt to answer.
Legion Letter
University officials stopped the play after receiving a letter from the American Legion. Previous to this the American Legion’s Americanism committee had denounced the play in the columns of the Legion publication. This Americanism committee demanded that the play be stopped. The local Americanism committee—the wife of a gray-haired local Legionnaire—demanded that the University stop the play. These demands were acceded to under severe protest by some students and faculty members. At that time the Exponent received several indignant letters. They were not printed because it seemed chronologically inexpedient to raise a fuss, and because the students concerned were given to understand that the time for that fuss would come when Playshop got around to preparing for its last play of the year. That time is now. The American Legion did not completely explain its reasons for wanting the play suppressed. Besides the fact that the campaign makes excellent fodder for the Americanism committee, there are one or two other things that might have been among those reasons. Verbally, the Legion objected to the small amount of vulgarity which was written into the play to make it salable to Broadway audiences. In their minds, it is rumored, the Legion resented the fact that an organization which allegedly has communistic tendencies owns the royalty rights to the play. The Legion has been accused, falsely we trust, of opposing the play on the grounds that it is anti-war. Complying with the Legion’s demands the University stopped the play, leaving open the possibility of presenting it now. Recently the University decided to prohibit its production by Playshop any time this year. Elliott Admits Mistakes “Let’s ‘Bury the Dead’,” suggests President Elliott when questioned about the situation. He admits that mistakes have been made by both administration and students, but is adamant in stating that there will be no revival of the argument. Mr. Mr. McFadden suggests, an outside opposition has told the University what to do. The administration agrees that the play would be otherwise satisfactory. However, the claim
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post oSiee In lAfayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Jannary 20, 1022. Published daily except Mondtky during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 08.00 per year, maU subscription $8.50. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanbpck Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor —L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager — M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevfn Accounts Manager W. B. Smith Art Director — D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. Ii. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, B. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6083 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldbouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatae 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—^Yates Tuesday, March 21, 1939 that a mistake has been made seems to hold water. We believe the University would hesitate to let a similar thing happen again. The University policy is not to suppress dictatorially any radical, communistic, pacifistic, or other istic activities of the students as long as they are sensibly carried on. This play could not be termed communistic in itself; it is pacifistic. The vulgarity objection is immediately overruled by the fact that the play is praised by nearly every religious organization in Lafayette or West Lafayette. Quite a commotion might be raised oJi this question. It is not our desire to do so, because we cannot foresee any worthwhile r^ suits. We woud fight to the last ditch if it seemed that outside groups were dominating the University administration. However, for this one evidence in that direction, we have heard dozens of cases where the University has flatly refused to kowtow to powerful outside interests. Our suggestion in this case would be for some interested group such as Wesley Players to produce the play this spring, off the University campus. Many students would be very interested in seeing “Bury the Dead,” and the University would probably give three silent cheers, then settle back and chalk this mistake up to experience.
3[sdjt&hA to the Editor
Lettcn accepted for pnbUeatloB ta this eolomn most be accompanied bg writer'i eignatare and ebonld be limited to 160 word* in lengtit. WHAT HAPPENED TO “BURY THE DEAD?” To the Editoi: Can you tell me please, what happened to “Bury the Dead?” Many of us were very happy in the fall that Playshop had chosen this great peace play for presentation on the camims. Some of us bought season tickets just so we could see this play. Then early in January, it was announced that a substitution had been made. It was rumored then that some outside group had objected and that the play had been postponed until after the legislature met. Now that the legislature has adjourned, we would like to know, where is “Bm’y the Dead?” Is it true that the University administration has suppressed this play because of outside opposition ? How free is our University? Can an outside group tell our speech department what plays to put on and what not to put on ? Can some political pressure group order textbooks in or out of our curriculum ? - can they tell our president to hire or fire members of the faculty? How free is our educational system anyway? And if our colleges are not free, how can they teach the truth? Perhaps “Bury the Dead” is not a very good play—there may be differences of opinion on this point.
But who has a right to say ? Do our professors have no freedom? Must our administration censor everything that is done ? Or do our professors have authority in their own departments to use plays, books, men—that they consider help them to teach the truth? How fi-ee is Purdue, anyway? William McFadden.
—in the Browsing Room
“Newest of the new books have recently arrived in the Browsing Room. Glancing at the titles we find “Seasoned Timber” by Dorothy Canfield. In this Miss Canfield pictures a Vermont which is symbolic of an America where freedom and human value can stilFstand against power and material advantage. It concerns Timothy Hulme, principal of small town Clifford Academy, who finds himself in a second youth love affair. “The Stricklands” by Lankam is also a new edition. It is an exciting story of an Oklahoma red-head who was not inherently vicious but who couldn’t keep out of trouble. It is a novel about history in the making, a story of one more step in the climb of the common man. “The Stricklands” is notable for its directness, sincerity, and convincing quality. Then if you crave adventure, mysteiy, suspense, and glamour read “Unsolved Mysteries ofthe Arctic” by Stefanssen. This books is a byproduct of research done on behalf of some departments of the United States Government and on behalf of Pan Ameiican Airways in connec-
tion with the need for information on Northern history and conditions. How and why did 9,000 Europeans disappear from an early American colony? In the summer of 1930 the remains of Andree and his companions, who disappeared on a balloon voyage 33 years before, were found on one of the Spitzbergen Islands. What is the explanation of their death ? These are some of the questions, the unsolved mysteries for which Vilhjalmeir Stefanssen has sought the solution. If you like fiction which concerns our country as our ancestors saw it read “The Tree of Liberty” by Page. This novel is written with a narrative power that holds the reader’s interest throughout. The scene is early Ameiica. For satire at its best try Marquand’s “Wickford Point.” It has the flavor of the New England of this generation as well as that of the one before. It concerns the Brills of Wickford Point, an hour north of Boston, and their friends. Last but not least we find “The Death of the Heart,” by Bowen. The heart that is seen threatened in this novel, the heart that sometimes seems to be .dying is not simply the heart of one particular girl; it is the heart in general, one might also say, the heart of society. Muriel McFarland... ... of the education and applied psychology department, gave a tea Sunday afternoon for Miss Jeannette Orem, of the education and applied psychology department, who announced her engagement to Merle Paivis of West Lafayette.
It seems that a certain New Yorker (Dusty DeStefano) ... a worthy soph forester, tried to get a date with a certain Goon for three weeks After getting the date, he found out that the gal had a “committee meeting” on for that night se he spent the evening... at least the best part of it. . . cooling his heels out in the cold. In his fine lingo, he says, “That’s a doity trick to pull on me. I was dated by only the best goils at home.” This isn’t home. Dusty, this IS Perdew . . . and we do have co-eds! ^ At last some genius has invented something which will prove worthwhile to you students. Someone has made a thermometer on pins . . . ornamental, they say ... but mighty handy in judging whether a girl is a hot or cold number and just what the temperature of the evening happens to be! Clever, eh? The girl who would never take a pin ... oh yeah! Well, she finally bioke down. JOHANN McLEAN finally has the vest ornament of Chris Sandeis . . . and so another girl crashes through in the spring! When it comes to pins, JOHN DAILEY, Sig Pi, doesn’t seem to be affected by the fact that the girl back home has his pin . . . he’s having his bit of fun tiying to be the darling of WRH noith . . . wonder if she approves of youi philandering, Johnny ? Speaking of the innocent T-shirt so much fi owned upon by “Cagey Co-ed,” someone thinks it’s better for her to start in her own back yard . . . they think the only difference lies in the fact that eds wear T-shirts to class whereas the stately co-ed removes the entire top of her dress to go formal . . . we’re not making comments to that statement . . . but it wouldn’t hurt the eds to pay moie attention to their clothes! Your Roommate! Who borrows all your ready cash Whose talk is senseless haberdash Your Roommate. Who confiscates your ties and socks Who never thinks to wind the clocks Who smokes the last one in the box Your Roommate. Who always borrows ... never lends Who brings around his lobrow friends Your Roommate. Who breaks the furniture and lamps Who uses up your postage stamps Who corresponds with the movie vamps Your Roommate. Who giggles at you when you flunk Who always comes home late and drunk Your Roommate. But who’s a constant pal to you? Who overlooks the things you do Who knows and loves you thru and thru YOUR MOTHER!
DANCE RECITAL Wed., Mar. 22,8:00 P. M. ADMISSION 25c ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN Advanced Thursday, March 23 Beginner's Friday, March 24 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN IN BALLET, TAP, BALLROOM SATURDAY, MARCH 25th ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
THtW® X TODAY-WEDNESDAY MARS
Copr 1939 by United Feature Syndicate Sne
“I want a car that speeds away the moment you jump into it —^you know, like the kind you sell to gangsters!”
)pmaci
By Betty Wickard We told you about the new spring coats, suits and dresses last time and how swing skirts, basque waists and the “little girl” influence dominated the picture. Your Easter bonnet will carry out this youthful influence. To accompany “little girl” dresses we have off-the-face shapes, roller bretons, and berets. The pillbox is suitable for coats and suits, and little sailors are as good as ever with a dash of quills, flower clusters and veils. As a change from so much ingenue air, we have the Hedy Lamarr influence in printed turbans. ^ To accent dark costumes, many will have wimple-like scarfs. White worn early with dark outfits is also very smart. Open Toe Popular New shoes are better constructed and will influence wider acceptance of the popular open toe, heel and side models. Open pumps and step-
ARC TODAY — TOMORROW WlWSCH WHi!
— with — GLORIA STUART LANNY ROSS — and —•
rnammmm ALSO 'The Spider Web,'' Serial
MaiiI
TODAY-TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS Where Was Her Heart? in Her Home Or Profession! WOMAN DOCTOR — WITH — FRIEDA INESCORT HENRY WILCOXON — PLUS — FIGHTING THOROUGHBREDS _ WITH — Ralph Byrd — Mary Carlisle
ins are fashion leaders with sandals gaining in importance with summer. ^ Rocker bottom and thickened sole types are high style in novelty and play shoes. Meshes, platforms, novelty heels, t nail heads on platforms, bows, perforated alligator and sueded pig and crushed kidskins are fashion notes. ^ Patent leather in black leads the field with calf and kid a poor second and reptile leathers a dark horse. Blues as well as rust tones “■ and wines rival the color leader, black. Doeskin, Suede Gloves ^ Soft, squashy types in handbags are still favorites while tailored bags are good with suits. Patent to match shoes is the favorite, although calf, doeskin and capeskin aie popular in high colors, rust and wine tones. ' > Gloves are the most popular accessory in the interpretation of color and are most important in doeskin and suede.
Dartmouth College students took ^ the part of extras in a movie filmed on the campus during the recent Winter Carnival celebration. ^
ummu TODAY-WEDNESDAY Tit
LURA TODAY-WEDNESDAY DOUiLE FEATURE
— PLUS — A Shock-Shiyering Drama of the Sea . . .
THE
^ I
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25cTuesday. Mcuch 21. 1939 Bachmp, Michigan State Grid Mentor, To Appear At Clinic Charles Bachman, head football coach at Michigan State College, has been added to the staff that will conduct the[twoday program at the eighth annual Purdue Football Clinic to be held here Friday and Saturday, March 31 and April 1, it was announced yesterday by Coach Mai Elward. Bachman will join with Leo “Dutch” Meyer, coach of the undefeated Texas Christian eleven, University staff members and other outstanding collegiate and high school mentors in covering various phases of the gridiron game. The Michigan State mentor, who has a nation-wide reputation as an “offensive-minded” coach, will discuss the general topic of “Offense” before the general sessions on Saturday, in addition to speaking at the coaches’ banquet on Friday eve-
ning.
•Elward also announced that Ivan A. Hollen, coach of the Owensville six man football team that won six consecutive games in conference organized in southern Indiana last fall, will discuss the development of the six-man game before the Saturday morning session. The coaches round table discussion, which will follow Friday evening’s banquet, will be in charge of Don Ping, coach at Reitz Memorial high school, Evansville, who has developed some of Hoosierdom’s most outstanding teams in recent years. Local Judge Will Give Third Marital Lecture Judge W. L. Parkinson, of West Lafayette, will address senior eds and cb-eds in the third of a series of marital lectui-es at 4 p. m. in the EE lecture room tomorrow. “Marriage as Seen by a Trial Judge,” will be the subject for Parkinson’s discussion. This is the last of the lectures for a mixed group; the talks of April 11 and 18 on marriage as seen through the eyes of a man and a woman physician, being restricted to eds alone.
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
■4*'''Si
Charles Bachman...
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED For Economy The Lahr Hotel
Last Year’s Suits \ and Spring Wardrobes Are Transformed It is wise to economize. Last year's spring ensembles assume a new transformation after they are cleaned and pressed by a competent cleaner.
.1
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
500 Contestants Enter Athletic Carnivars 12 Events
Program Includes Various Track, Field, WciSinaiinGanierS
Meldahk
...Clinic Speaker Beg Your Pardon Contrary to the erroneous report published in Sunday’s Exponent, Steve Gutting, Boilermaker hurdleman, did not win the low hurdles race at Butler last Saturday. He placed second in the high hurdles behind Ed Smith of Wisconsin who tied the world’s record three times in the preliminary heats. The world record also is held by Ken Sandbach and Harvey Woodstra of Michigan
State.
In the two-mile relay, Capt. Art Bodeau, Purdue, came in strongly at the finish to give the Boilermak--ers a second place. The Purdue team was made up of Knapp, Holderman, Marozick, and Bodeau. Ingleman Awarded Medal For Billiard Championship; M. ^H. Ingleman last night was awarded the Charles C. Peterson gold medal which goes to the winner of the red ball billiards tournament for the championship of Purdue. Ingleman scored four wins and one loss in the tournament. His high run was 13 points. According to “Pop” Whitney, billiard coach, “Ingleman is open to challenge, by any student in any university, in balk-line or straight billiards.” Whitney expressed the belief that Ingleman could not be beaten, and pointed to Ingleman’s record run of 427 points in straight rail to prove his contention.
(^fwXXJL
By Bruce Witwer
.To Steve Gutting goes the honor of probably having the slowest qualifying time on record in the Butler Relays ... in the trials for the high hurdles Steve started out with six other timber toppers and romped over the first few hurdles .... by that time one of the men had already given up and had retired to the sidelines to cuss at leisure . . . then fate stepped in to get its money’s worth. — Steve fell between the hurdles and lay there about 12 seconds pondering on the eccentricities of luck . . . meanwhile another of his trial cohorts fell, and got up, and ran around some hui’dles, thus disqualifying himself. . . then Gutting was informed by some kind-hearted soul that he might .qualify if he would get up and finish, which he proceeded to do .. . with a total time of near 20 seconds for the distance, when it takes eight at the most usually, he figuratively got away with murder and qualified. —^fc— After that he came back and took second in the event in the finals . . . he didn’t place in the low hurdle finals but he was in the group that went to the tape altogether and which made the officials get out their micrometers and magnifying glasses to finally decide which place was which. —^fc— In the four mile relay Holderman got tired carrying the baton about so long and put it in his jersey for safe keeping . . . the judges didn’t like that very well, in fact they got nasty about it and disqualified the Boilermakers who had carried off fourth place . . . here’s for smaller and lighter batons.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—^Aronson. 7:00—A1 or H4 vs. C4 or D2. 7:15—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta or Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:25—Luma vs. Winner (Chauncey • vs. Westminster). Court 2—Goldstein. 7:00—H3 or S3 vs. A3 or B4. 7:15—Ward 12A vs. Ward 13 or lOX Court 3—Rechenbach. 7:00—Winner (Kagawa vs. Rochdale) vs. Loser (Chauncey vs. Westminster. 7:15—Salisbury vs. Wesley Boys.
Novelty Events In Field house Thursday
Revived this year after a one-year lapse, the University annual fun-filled athletic carnival will again be staged at the Fieldhouse Thursday night at 7:30 o’clock with a roster of en-
tertainment more lively than a barrel of snakes.
This year’s carnival, because of the greatly improved facilities and the Fieldhouse proper, is expected to top all others. Approximately 500 contestants have entered in the 12 events, exclusive of the fraternity Silver Derby, and other novelty
relays.
Included on the carnival’s program, which has yearly been one of the highlights of the intrampral sports program, will include 52 halfmile relay teams, 40 tug-’o-war teams, 11 two-men walking teams, and individual entries in the football pass; 440-yard run, 10; wrestling, 15 bouts; boxing, 15 bouts, and Golden Gloves fighters’ exhibitions; power pull, 35; golf putting, 125, and rnile-run, 15. Other features on the card are weight lifting exhibitions by the state champions representing the Kokomo WPA recreational department, as well as clown stunts by various fraternities. Preliminaries in wrestling and boxing were held in the Fieldhouse yesterday under the dii’ection of Coach Punchy Maxwell and continue tonight with the semi-finals concluding tomoiTOw night. Two men from each weight will be qualified tomorrow night and compete in the finals Thursday night.
RIFLE , Today 4:15—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa. 4:45—Beta'Theta Pi vs. Delta Chi.
Eberhard Elected To Captainship Of
Squash Contingent Purdue’s varsity squash team honored H. E. Eberhard, junior engineer, Angola, yesterday afternoon by electing him to the captaincy of next year’s squad. A consistently dependable player through the past season, Eberhard has been playing in the number two or three position during the entire year. With a very successful season behind them, the Purdue squad has but one match yet to be played, meeting the Illinois squad .here Friday. Coach Clevett’s squad has established an enviable record during the past season, garnering 15 victories and only four defeats, while two Boilermaker racquet-wielders succeeded in obtaining first and third places in the recent Western
Collegeiate tournament.
StudenisInvitedToAifend Rev. Wm. McFadden will act as chairman at a panel discussion on “Will the Co-op Work?” at Wesley Foundation tomorrow at 8 p. m.
All-Universify Table Tennis Tournament Gene Weismann garnered three straight games over Ta Hsiung, the surprise player of the tourney, in the finals of the all-campus table tennis tournament last Saturday in the Fieldhouse. Weismann defeated three topseeded players with three games, respectively, t6 reach the finals, as Hsiung, native of China and a newcomer to the tabl^ tennis gafne, had intense competition to reach the finals in his bracket. Hsiung had to beat Belfield and Schweiger to reach the finals, while. Weisman topped Farr, Peffer, and Smith.
VOLLEYBALL Today 4:15 p. m.—Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Psi, Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Nu, Phi Delta Theta, Alpha Gamma Rho, Sigma Alpha Mu, Alpha Tau Omega, Tau Epsilon Phi, Delta Upsilon, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Kappa Delta Rho, Theta Tau, Phi Kappa, Theta Xi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Triangle, Phi Pi Phi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Pi. WARD SQUASH Today 4.15 p. m.—P. Shumway vs. M. Johnson; R. W. Michael vs. D. B. Keltner; D. H. Daley vs. C. Bredes. 4:45 p. m.—D. G. Peterson vs. M. Cerda; D. F. Kenworthy vs. C. M. Murray; C. W. Mann vs. J. E. Newman.
Mid-Westerners Head Track Parade
By Robert J. Deckard Following a month of intensive competition in the season’s major relay carnivals and sectional championships, mid-west’s university and collegiate indoor track star’s are dominating the track and field world, according to a comparison of winning times and distances made after last week’s respective meets. Purdue’s Capt. Art Bodeau, middle distance ace, holds the best record of the current season in the 880yard run with a time of 1.55:3, which was made at the recent Western Conference meet at Chicago.
GuA, Tlsiiv SPRING PATTERNS HAVE ARRIVED TAILOR MADE is BEST MADE
sparrendahi
Tailor
Fowler Hotel Building
Milt Padway of Wisconsin vaulted 14 feet, 1 inch at the Butler Relays to share individual honors with Elmer Hackney, the Kansas State shot putter, both scoring three times for a blue ribbon. Padway also won the vault at the Illinois Relays and in the Big Ten meet. Hackney won at Illinois and in the Big Six meet, then wound up at Chicago Saturday with the season’s best toss, 51 feet, 9% inches. The East’s inter-collegiate AAAA meet at New York’s Madison Square Garden produced a tie with the corn belt region when Jay Shields of Yale negotiated the 60-yard high hurdles in 7.4 to share the season’s honors for the event with Ed Smith of Wisconsin, who clipped off the same time at Butler. Mason Chronister of Maryland turned in the most outstanding mile mark of the year which was record-
ed in the Southern conference meet in a time of 4:16.'l. Fordham’s quartet set a world record of 3:15.2 in the 'mile relay at the recent Dartmouth meet. The season’s other best performances at the eight most prominent meets are: 60-yard dash—:6.2, Piker, Northwestern, Big Ten. 70-yard high hurdles—;8.6, Gedeon, Michigan, Big Ten. 70-yard low hurdles—r7.7, Shurilla. Armour. 440-yard run — :49.4, Howeiss, Ohio State, Big Ten; Wagner, North Central, Armour. Two-mile run—9:25, Rice, Notre Dame, Central. Two-mile relay—7:45.3, Indiana, Illinois Relays. Distance Medley relay—10:20, Indiana, Butler. High Jump—6 feet, 6 3-4 inches, Stolard, Kansas, Big Six.
A MENU NECESSITY Winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
FlEX
218 Waldron
TACE
Phone 2390
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
>411 the
DWER9
^augharCs SEEDSiOHN SPERB, Hdw.
92Z MAIN ST.
PHONI XT77^(ocaL Gdiu
THE PUBOUE EXPONENT
TlotioiL
Tuesday. March 21. 1939
Korstian Will Address Annual Forestry Club Banquet Friday Night Dv. C. F. Korstian, president of the Society of American h'oresters, and recognized world authority on \ trends in the forestry pi’ofession, ■null be the pi’incipal speaker at the tenth annual Foi’estry Club banquet Fx-iday evening. He is the author of two standard forestry textbooks and for the past five yeax's has been a member of the editoxdal board of Ecology axid editor of Ecological Monographs. ^ In his 28 yeax's of forestry experience, Dr. Korstian has pioneered in the adaptation of the ecological appi’oach to problems in the fields of forest pi'oductioix and management. His long career in forest research has been characterized by its fundamental nature, pi-actical application, and x'egional scope. He received his early training at the Univei-sity of Nebi’aska and Yale University, and was gx’anted his doctorate by the Yale Forestry School in 1926.
WBAA
‘THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—^Today— 11:00—The dentist Says. 11:1&—Social Security. 11:35—The Hoxne Makex’S “How the Fashions Originate” by Marion Willoughby. 11:50—Pux’due News Flashes. 12:00—Time Signals, 12:00-^Noon Melodies. 12:15—The Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45^—SOngs and Melodies. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1:45—Max’ket Reports. 2:00—Fai’nx Security Admiriisti’ation. 2:15—Max’y Louise Switzex’, pianist. 2:30—You and Youi- Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Afternoon Music. 3:15—^Darlene Mahns, sopx-ano. 3:30—-Your Radio Cox’respondent. 3;45—Pat Keiser, pianist. 4:00—Purdue Debris. 4:15—Melody Moods. , 4:30—Paul Mitchell, baritone. 4:45—Stoxy Book Houx’.
Phi Delta Theta... . . . social frateimity, announces the initiation of the following men: R. A. Sochar, Indianapolis; C. G. Tafel, Louisville, Ky.; John Walley, Foi’t Wayne; Jim Walley, Fort Wayne; R. E. Wagnerj Shelbyville; D. McDaniel, Fostoria, 0.; H. M. Swank, Fort Wayne; J. 0. Adams, Foi’t Wayne; A. T. Adams, West Lafayette; J. G. Rush, Lafayette; P. C. Johnson, Mooresville; M. Goodwin, New Castle; and W. W. Clarke, of Warsaw.
Rds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoft, 605 Main street.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mendinp neatly done. Phone 26.‘i7.
LOST AND FOUND LOST!—Silver medal inscribed “Best Soldier. Purdue.’’ Please return ! Phone Perrin 2004.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Two nicely furnished student rooms in surroundings that are conducive to study. 254 Lincoln St., West Lafayette. Phone 71681.
HALF OF DOUBLE room, newly furnished, inner-spring mattress, twin beds. Phone 61723. 801 Vine Street.
Notices
Complete Line Of BELL and HOWELL 8 M.M. MOVIE CAMERAS Film Of All Types At Lowest Prices
HINEA'S
634 MAIN ST.
PHONE 7775
the Purdue Exponent
.Service
Directory
• Bookstores
a jewelers
"DEAC"
R. C. EISENBACH
Everything for a College Education
Jeweler and Optometrist
H. G. REISNER
504 Main St.
a Professional
a Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATl SHARPININQ Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
e Printing
>
^ PRINTING Sfaitlontry. o O 1 9r«<idinS invIUllonl eHQNt * falwBooki.etc..,, uM CASSEL’S doitERRv
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicyclea, ac--essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phan# 2821
Airplane Club: Anyone having .suggestions for the name or insignia of the new model airplane club please submit them to me, (3-28) —HRUBY. Forestry Club: Meet Tuesday, March 21, at 7:30 p. m. in Hort Building to select the outstanding senior in the club. The senior chosen will be presented an award at the banquet. —GLAZEBROOK. Union Sophomores: Will all members of my committee please meet in the office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 21. ^ —KANY.
Military Seniors: The following students will have their pictures made by Hinea’s Studio immediately: Camp, Eckstein, Kantz, Marks, Tearny, and Tryon'. ' All seniors will select the proof to be used in the class picture by Saturday, March 25. —PICKERING. Freshman Engineering Students: Civil Engineering, Camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering Building. (3-26) -LOMMEL.
room 207, Heavilon Hall. All those Who plan to take the examination see me before Wednesday, March 22. —SERVISS.
Gimlet: Important business meeting, Wednesday, March 22, at 6:46 p. m. at Kappa Sigma house. Selection of pledges. All members are urged to attend. , —SWAN.
lowing editorial staff will work for these days: Monday, O’Gonhell, Etter, Robinson, Pickett; Tuesday, Mueller, Fletcher, Kennedy, Rohwer, Sears, Ochiltree; Wednesday, daggers, Jarrett, Shallerup, Sidwell, SchloBsberg; Thursday, Parks, Hays, Elvis, Hupp, Ruffner; Friday, Payne, Kung, TaUgott, Anderson, Powers; Saturday, Heaton, Mothmann, Kepner, Smith. See notice on bulletin board. —CHARDIN.
WAA Play Day: week at 6 p. m. (3-26)
Practice every day this —FRASER.
Class Basketball Teams: Practice Tuesday and Wednesday, Mai'ch 21 and 22, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Two practices resnired. —REIMAN.
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, March 21, at 6 p. m. in the WSGA office. Dinner meeting Friday, March 24, at 6 :30 p. m. —WOOD. Geology 5: ’The examination for removal of conditions in Geology 6 will be given Saturday, March 26, from 1-4 p. m. in
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in roohj C of the Union. —MACK.
Outing Club: Breakfast hike to the WAA cabin will be Sunday, March 26. ’ Meet in front of WRH South. AH those wishing to go call Mona BalcoXn, 2480, before Saturday, March 26. —BALCOM.
Freshmen Exponent Workers: The fol-
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (8.22) —SONESON. CE 69 Conditions: Examination for the removal of "C” grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. (3-24) —WILEY.
AIME: Meeting Wednesday, March 22, at 7 ;30 p. m. in i-oom 264 Electrical Engineering Building. —LOWN.
Debris: Freshmen editorial staff meet ' at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 22, in the workshop. —WINTER. Tau Beta Pi: Dinner meeting in the reception room of the Union at 6 p. m. Wednesday, ■ March .22. —SMITH. Purdue Engineer: There will he a rneeting of all men on the freshman and sophomore staffs on Wednesday, March 22, at 7:30 p. m. in the Engineer Office. A full attendance is expected. ^SQUIRES.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 21, in the office. —BEHRENDS.
Lambda Kappa: Special business meeting Thursday, March 23, at 4:15 p. m.oin room F of the Union. Important plans for next week’s party will be discussed. —OTT.
Undergraduate Dames Club: Busine.ss meeting Tuesday, March 21, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —ROHAS.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7 :16 p. nv,,.Wedn'esday, Mai-ch 22, in the WSGA office. J^LEAMING. Gold Peppers: Compulsory rijeeting Thursday, Mai'ch 23, at 7 :16 p. m. in the WSGA office. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Alpha Phi Omega: There will be a smoker in the Chestnut room of the Union Tuesday, March 21, at 7 :30 p. m. for all interested men. ■ —McCAMMON. Camera Club: Meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7 ;30 p. m. Tuesday, March 21. Bring cameras for “Studio Night.’’ Models will be Betty Hegele and Dorothy Bryant. —HEDDEN. Scrivener.: Last meeting before vacation next Sunday, March 26, at 7:45 p. m. Room ' will be announced in the Exponent at a later date. Guests coming. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN. Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting in room' F of the Union at 5:30 p. m. Wednesday, March 21,. before the dinner. —SMITH.
Ceres: Board meeting in room B of the Union Tuesday, March 21, at 7:30 p. m. All members please attend. —HORNER.
Eta Kappa Nu: Pledging meeting Thursday, March 23, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —KECK.
Bette Davis WARNER BROS. STAR
FORA
4^ ...coming soon to your local theatro
IN SMOKING PLE/^SURE
Before and after seeing Bette Davis in '^Dark Victory enjoy Chesterfield’s Happy Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos Thanks to their can’t-be-copied blend Chesterfields are refresh ingly milder, taste better and have a more pleasing aroma Chesterfield gives you just what you want in a cigarette
PFken you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure ... why THEY SATISFY
The RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos, They’re Milder.. They Taste Better
Copyrighc 1919. LicoETr & Mvtks TOBACCO Co.