m
f/o
'ptl
Purdue
Exponent
<
Z-186
TUESDAY
April 25, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol.50
No. 105
Leaders To Plan For University Sing Exponent
Honored
Group Representatives Meet In Union Friday At 4 Song leaders and group representatives will meet Friday at 4 p. m. in the reception room of the Union Building to discuss plans for. the annual University Sing. The questions concerning the sing, and all other problems which might arise in the minds of the leaders will he discussed at this meeting. A. P. Stewart will be present to answer questions concerning the difficulties of groups who will participate. Any group interested in the participation should have a representative at the meeting. A tentative list of contestants will also be formulated. University Sing will be held at 6 p. m. Saturday, May 13, and will b© presented as a feature of the Mother’s Day program. It will take place in the oval in front of University Hall, and in case of adverse weather conditions, will be held in the Union ballroom. Rusk Will Address Farmers At Annual Meeting Saturday “Questions of the Hour” with regard to rations for “roughing cattle through” the winter will be explained to farmers at the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Cdttle Feeders Association, which will be held at the University on Saturday. Professor H. P. Rusk, head of the University of Illinois animal husbandry department, will be the principal speaker. Indiana lamb feeders will hear a report on the value of cutting hays of various varieties, based on tests made during the past winter with eight lots of 26 “western” lambs
each.
The cattle feeding report of this year’s tests will show the value of soybean oil meal as compared to cotton seed meal, both with and without silage. Apparently, the presence of silage in the ration affects the comparative value of the ration’s protein. The report will also cover the feasibility of grinding ear corn as compared to the feeding of shelled corn.
Personnel Notes
Guy Frisbie, representing the Hobart Co., Troy, O., will visit the University Friday, April 28, to interview seniors for openings previously bulletinized. In addition, Frisbie desires to talk to any science or engineering senior who has had some industrial experience and has a good working knowledge of Spanish. There are openings in the export department of his company. Those qualified and interested, contact the Personnel department. Executive Building, immediately.
Company: Ethyl Gasoline Corp., Detroit, Mich. Representatives: Messrs. Frey and jGribson. ' Visiting Purdue: Wednesday, April 26.* Interviewing: Senior and graduate mechanical (gen.) automotive, aeronautical engineers for one year training course. Those interested sign up in main office, ME school.
Company: Peoples Gas, Light & Coke Co., Chicago, III. Representative: R. R. Chapman. Visiting Purdue: The first week in May. Interviewing: Engineering seniors interested in sales engineering with a public utility. Sign up in the main ' office of engineei'ing school.
Commencement Invitations Approved; Seniors Must Place Orders By May 3 “Orders for commencement invitations and announcements must be made before Monday, May 3,'' announced Verle Farrow, Gala Week Committee member in charge of invitations last night following the committee meeting.
“The invitations have been ap-
proved and arrangements for order- StudGntS
Get Flying Licenses
ing them have been made at both Deac’s and Southworth’s” continued
Farrow.
Invitations approved^were of two different varieties. One selling for 26 cents has a black leather cover with Heavilon Hall in the upper right hand corner with the sky behind the tower bright gold. In the lower left hand corner is the familiar University seal. The other invitation is exactly the same except the cover is of white paper and sells for only 15 cents. Both invitations will contain a complete list of the gi^aduating seniors arranged according to schools, and in addition three cuts, one of Dr. E. C. Elliott, president, another of Eliza Fowler Hall, and the third of the Agricultural Experiment Station. Announcements will have the same covers as the cheaper invitation and will go on sale for five cents. Samples of both invitations and announcement are now on display at both Deac’s and South-
worth’s.
Board Interviews 14 Future Flyers Fourteen students interested in enrolling for the aeronautical training offered in the flying cadet part of the national service took examinations before the U. S. Army Flying Cadet examining board yesterday, The board, which arrived yesterday morning, is expected to spend the better part of today and tomorrow interviewing the remainder of the 44 applicants. All those applying for examina-' tion must have completed at least two years of work in the Univer-
sity.
Publisher Will Speak On Safety Progress Sidney Dale Kirkpatrick, editor-in-chief of the McGraw-Hill Publishing Co., will explain the Chemical and Metalurgical Award given to companies making progress in safety and manufacturing methods during the year, before the AIChE meeting tomorrow night at 1 in loom 106 of the Chemistry Build-
ing.
After graduating from the University of Illinois in 1916, Kirkpatrick worked with the U. S. Tariff Commission for four yeafs. He has edited McGraw-Hill publications, been advisor, of the Ethyl Gasoline Corp., and officer of several chemical organizations. The Award is given to the chem- . ical company accomplishing the most during the year in safety and other lines through cooperation with other companies. | Government Experts Plan Hydrologic Studies Here Five government experts from the soil conservation service made plans for the hydrologic study to be conducted between the University Agricultural Experiment Station and the Soil Conservation Service, U. S. D. A., when they attended a meeting at the Experiment Station last week-end.
I
Water sheds will be selected on the Throckmorton Farm, Purdue Dairy Farm, and the Purdue Livestock Farm, and instruments will be 8'et up to determine water run off and soil losses as affected by various crop rotations.
Four University students, L. Hauprich, G. Henderson, R. Strieby, and Osicar Grab, qualified for their private pilot’s licenses under Captain D. Moulton at Indianapolis over the week-end. The final tests were originally scheduled to be completed here, but bad flying weather made this impossible. In addition to these, another four students passed their tests early in March. A score more are expected to be ready to take the examinations when Captain Moulton returns here again in May. Joe Cappo Will Play For Gingham Gallop, 'Final Co-ed Bid Dance Joe Cappo and his 11-piece orchestra will play for the annual Gingham Gallop Friday, April 28, in the Union ballroom. Sponsored by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, the Gallop is the last cp-ed bid dance of the year. Tickets are priced at one dollar and are now available at sorority houses, Deac’s, and the Union. Gingham Gallop is a May dance honoring Mortar Board pledges, but because of the late prom date will be held earlier. This year’s Mortar Board pledges will be announced on Mother’s Day. Mary Alice Learning is chairman of the dance committee; Georgiana Pittman, tickets and sales; and publicity and orchestra are being handled by Mary Cooley and Sally McKee. Short cotton di esses or other spring street dresses will constitute proper attire for the evening. Color Pidures... . . . taken of the Frankfort, Mich, soaring expedition held during the spring vacation will be shown tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room B of the Union. According to officials the meeting will be thrown open to the general public and everyone who is at all interested in gliders is invited to attend.
According to a release received yesterday from the Associated Collegiate Press, the Exponent has won the distinction of a “first class honor” rating among college dailies over the country. This ranking is second only to the All-American “honor” rating given only to a few papers every year. Last year the Exponent was in the “second class” group. A total of 401 newspapers in 46 states, Hawaii and the District of Columbia were considered in the ratings. The Exponent is a member of the ACP which has its headquarters at University of Minnesota. Among those receiving “honor ratings” were the Daily Northwestern, the Michigan Daily, and the Minnesota Daily. Bridge Teams Enter Second Qualifying Round Tomorrow “All teams who expect to compete in the final round of the Contract Bridge Tournament must play in the second qualifying round to be held tomorrow evening at 7 p. m. in the Union ballroom,” Julius L. Borne, director of the contest, said last night. In order to make the contest entirely fair and to eliminate luck completely the same number of hands as there are flights are dealt out; the hands are then recorded and transferred to duplicate boards. As each team finishes one hand it passes it on to the next so that everyone plays the same hands during the evening. It was announced by tournament officials last night that anyone unable to play because of a chemistry test may send a substitute without having him enter the contest officially. Fashion Director To Address Co-eds Elizabeth Patrick, fashion director for L.S. Ayres, Indianapolis will discuss the choice of clothes and accessories at a Charm School meeting to be held Thursday afternoon, at 4 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. In order to illustrate her talk Miss Patrick will bring new spring accessory combinations and material samples. Catherine Cooley is in charge of the meeting which is sponsored by YWCA and WSGA.
Twenty Reamer Pledges Initiated At Formal Dinner Twenty Reamer Club pledges were formally initiated last night at the organization Spring Initiation Dinner in the Union reception room. Preceding the dinner, pledges were led blindfolded into rooms 1 and 2, where they took oaths and received congratulations of old members.
Pledges went through rough iniPhotography Class Meets Tonight For First Instruction
Nine Trailers Offer Students Cosy
Quarters At Novel Encampment Leave For Inspection Trip
Meeting for the first time tonight at 7:30 in room one of the Union, Debris and Camera Club photographers will open a course of instruction for beginners who are interested in photography, and aspirants to next year’s Debris camera staff. The program will consist of short talks by Don Hurd, Bill Gephart, and Ron Creek of the Camera Club, on the handling of films and retouching; and Don Wray and Bob Dwyer, of the Debris staff, will show how these techniques are applied to their work. Covering all phases of photography, the course will continue every Tuesday night over a period of
four weeks.
YWCA Installs New Off i(ers Thursday YWCA officers and cabinet members will be installed Thursday at 5 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Filling the organization’s offices for the coming year will be Catherine Cooley, president Martha Moorhead, vice president; Ruth Bryant, treasurer; and Thelma Bugher, secretary. New cabinet members are: Jane Blind, Bernadette Dygert, Thelma Emig, Jane Julin, Mary Lou Swaney, Mary Ellen Scarff, Bonnie Swope, Wilma Wieranga, Betty Woelffle, and Martha Ziegler. Ruth Wattleworth, Edna Schwab, and Sara Alice McIntosh will retain positions they filled on the cabinet
this year.
Following the installation, new and old YWCA heads and Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty sponsor for the association, will have dinner in the Union cafeteria. Sigma Alpha Mu ... . . . social fratei’nity, announces the initiation o'f the following men, Gerhard van Biema, New York; Charles Friedman, Bronx, N. Y.; Ira Greenberg, Sherman Katz, and Edgar Katzenberg, Chicago, 111.; Henry Leshner, Hamilton, 0.; Howard Levin, Warsaw; Arnold LoMar, Evanston, 111.; and James Mann, Milwaukee, Wis. Land Appraisal Students
By K. J. Thompson It’s been here eight years and probably none of you have ever known about it. Have you? What is it—the Univeisity Trailer City. Heie behind the Acacia house across from the Union Building are grouped nine tiailers housing a total of 18 eds in both the engineering and agricultuie schools. The whole set up is rathei ingenious. The trailers are almost a peimanent institution two of them having no wheels at all; so must be hauled away on tiucks if the occasion aiises, and the lemaining seven all have wheels but are blocked up to save the tires. Most of the city remains throughout the entire summer. H. E. Warner, Ag ’40, from Crawfordsville, one of the residents, gave us a few pointers in general about the non-traveling trailer city. The land on which they rest is rented, and along with the land comes water and telephone service. Water must be carried in buckets whenever needed, but two of the trailers
have installed a large enough tank to store water for a good while. To date the town has no form of government, neither a mayor nor a council, but plans for some sort of government are being considered. Total cost per resident is held down to about $14 per month by buying supplies cooperatively, by stocking up while at home, and by doing all of their own cooking. The trailers have all the conveniences of home, complete to electric lights and radios. The electricity comes through a meter of their own. Winter heating problems are solved by small gas or coal stoves—coal proving the more satisfactory being cheaper. The whole winter requires only about a ton and a'half of coal. “We’re all just one happy family,” commented the residents. “We live here about the same as the rest of the 6,000; we have everything that they do—even good bull sessions.”
Thirty-two students in the land appraisal graduate course, advance farm management coui-ses, and the rural credits course, left the University Sunday morning for a twoday inspection trip to study southern Indiana soils, and the Farm Credit Administration’s regional banks at Louisville, Ky. Accompanying the students were: Professor D. G. Lloyd; head of the farm management department; Dr. E .0. Young, farm economist; and T. M. Bushnell, in charge of soil survey for Indiana. Theta Alpha Phi... .. . national dramatic honorary will assist in Ed Grier’s forthcoming puttering room production, “Treasure Island,” by supplying the necessaiy man powei*. There will be a meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 104 of University Hall of all Theta Alpha Phi members for the purpose of discussing the play and choosing production w'orkers. Voices, puppeteers, stage crew and publleity men are needed.
tiation at Cary Camp Saturday night. Last night's banquet climaxed their official entrance into
the club.
M Murphy Speaks
Prof. C. B. Murphy addressed the banqueting group, emphasizing that Reamers “Boost Purdue at Purdue.” Reamer Club, independent men’s honorary, fosters the observance of school traditions, supports minor and major sports, and aims to develop proper school spirit at Purdue. Reamers join with Gimlet Club in organizing pep sessions and sponsor the annual freshman-var-sity basketball game. ^ Last year Reamer Club initiated a new method of selecting pledges. Lists of potential candidates were secured from heads of all schools, activity officers, and supplemented with names added by the members
themselves.
Seventy of these juniors were interviewed by a committe of six, and their number reduced to 40. Points considered irTthe interview were character, personality, scholarship, and participation in campus activi-
ties.
These 40 men were then taken before the entire club at an"informal smoker, allowed to individually speak for themselves and talk with the actives. Candidates were then dismissed and each member listed 20 men whom he though most worthy of membership. The top 20 names on the totalized list of juniors were taken as pledges. New Members The club will elect new officers at a meeting Monday night. New members are: L. W. Archibald, J. H. Dean, J. T. Flanagan, C. E. Franklin, J. A. Hebbeler, J. E. Hinshaw, V. T. Hitchcock, J. D. Hoffman, F. H. Hurst, T. J. Jelnick, E. A. Johnson, C .F. Lutz, U. L. McConnel, W. E. McConnell, G. E. Olson, S. D. Ramseyer, G. E. Sears, D. P. Smith, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio. Faculty members, M. L. Clevett, and W. B. Saunders. Outing Club Takes To Bicycles On 2nd Trip Twenty-six members of the University Outing Club completed their second trip by bicycling to Ross Camp Sunday. After dinner, a meeting was held in which Marjorie Ward was elected to the office of secretary-treasurer, recently opened by the resignation of Virginia Beck. Plans were discussed also for the appearance of Justine Cline, representative of the American Youth Hostels, who will lecture in the faculty lounge Friday, May 12, at 4 o’clock. The club has also planned a Bird hike for tomorrow morning at 5:30. Accompanied by Dean Fisher, the club will leave for Happy Hollow fiom the Purdue State Bank. Professors Cattell, Fotos Return From Convention Professor James L. Cattell, head of the department of modern languages, and John T. Fotos, professor of modern languages, have returned from the annual meeting of language teachers of the Central West and South which was held at the Drake Hotel in Chicago last Thui-sday and Friday. Professor Cattell was elected the chairman of the French section for the annual meeting to be held at Cleveland, 0., and Professor Fotos was appointed chairman of the Executive Committee at this meet-
ing.£diJttfujaL
TOE PURDUE EXPONENT
JiBOiuhllA,
Attitudes Of Teachers ..
. . . toward their courses and their students have come up for quite a bit of attention in recent editorials. In order to cover the other side of the question it is appropriate that we take into conisderation also the attitude of the student toward his teacher. To get a teacher’s idea of his student’s attitude we turn to an article written by Dr. F. E. Brown, a professor of chemistry at Iowa State College, and published in the Hexagon of Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chemical fraternity. Dr. Brown’s article, titled “Why Do Students Have Difficulties With Freshman Chemistry ?” is divided into the following sections : I. The Subject, II. The Student, HI. The Advice the Btudent Receives, IV. The Teaching of Chemistry,and Conclusions. Students, according to Dr. Brown, have only a 50-50 chance of possessing natural scientific imagination, although 95 per cent of them can develop enough to master the fundamental ideas of chemistry. He contends that those students who have trouble with chemistry “cannot solve seventh grade arithmetic problems, cannot write accurate English, cannot write legibly or spell correctly, have never mastered any complex idea and will not willingly master one now.” Under the heading “Attitude” Dr. Brown
makes six points:
Few students expect to study two hours for a chemistry recitation, and very few do spend that much time preparing for any class meeting. Few students who are failing will try to solve a problem or write an equation if it looks hard. These students believe that they must be interested before they study, and they do not feel at all the responsibility responsible for becoming
interested
They ask for accurately phrased definitions and are disappointed if they are offered ideas. Many of these students conceal their difficulties and ignorance instead of asking questions. Some of these students delay progress as much as possible in the hope thereby, that the science of chemistry may become more restricted, at least in their classes.
1.
2.
4.
6.
Dr. Brown has made some pretty harsh criticisms of his students—or at least his failing students. They are not altogether unjust criticisms, however, if applied to the lower 40 per cent of the class. We might make similarly just complaints about the teachers who rank in the lower 40 x)er cent with regard to results produced. The inclusive term of “human nature” can be blamed for most of these faults existing in both students and in teachers. “Students do not feel enough responsibility for becoming interested,” accuses Dr. Brown . . . while we say, “neither do teachers feel enough responsibility for arousing interest.” Either faction would be willing to meet the other halfway . . . except for the traditional gulf of unfriendliness that exists between the two. Bridging that gulf should at least partially solve the interest problem. The remaining snags should be eliminated by placing students in courses which they are naturally more interested in. Dr. Brown regrets that students receive such advice as “one forgets all he learns in a short time, some people simply cannot learn some things, one can become so well-informed that he loses his personality.” The solution to this, in our opinion, is to encourage the student to come to the teachers for advice. A person only takes advice from a friend, however, so these teachers must be friends. Composite Attitudes,.. ... of both students and teachers are far from perfect. This is only natural, since it comes as a heritage from the grade school days where the two were mortal enemies. College’s fost job in the education of a freshman should be changing his attitude toward school. At that time it should not be hard, since the freshman realizes he is going through college on his own volition and at considerable personal expense. College at that time is a new experience and not to be confused with ordinary, old-fashioned high schpol. Later, the student may come to think that college is not any different after all—but he comes to this decision simply because college has not attempted to prove its difference. Purdue's orientation was probably at one
the Pmdne Exponent Entered aa aeeond elaaa matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of CongreM of Mareh 8, 1879, and at the epeolal rate of poetage imrrlded for in eectlon 1108, aet of Oetober 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jailn* ary 20, 1988. Pnblhihed daily except Monday during th« regnlar academic year and '^edcly daring the Sommer Seeaion. Dellyered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail eubeerlptlon $8 00.
Editor-In-Chief.— — Business Manager
H. I. Stahback . R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Blanaging Editor L. S. Harffin City Editor D. A. Bailey Asaoclate EdItoxa_0 W. Frederick, K. C. Hoaston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Ezoeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodaon Sophomore Assistants—K Ahlf, R Beer, R DdSoog, R. Donahue, P Ganzar, D Heiple, R Howard, C Leber, R Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M Miers, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K Thompson, J. WiUsey, A. Yates BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reerea Local AdverUsIng Manager..- B. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager _V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager i H W Nevin Accounts Manager W B Smith Art Director D. J Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
EMitor
Associate Editors
— Sally McKee Joy Johnson,
Editor Associate Editors
Georgeann Schilling, Betto Wlckard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald J, A. Hebbelcr,
R Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4008, ask for Exiionent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
818 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana • Phone B038
SPORTS OFFICE
Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 8798
RKPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representative A20 Madison Ave New York N Y CHicAso Boston Los Angeles - SAN Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universiiy. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edttor-in-4^ief. Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—Elvis Tuesday, April 25, 1939
Again WSGA...
Week's Sport Card BASEBALL Tomorrow—At Notre Dame, Friday—^Western Illinois, here. Saturday—Western Illinois, here, TRACK Friday—^Drake Relays, Des Moines. Saturday—Drake Re., Des Mtdnes. c GOLF Saturday—At Michigan, Ann Arbor TENNIS Friday—At Iowa, Iowa City, la. < Saturday—At Northwestern.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Spring—And A Menu Change Spring is a sign of warm weather and warm weather calls for a light diet. Try our delicious cold cuts of meat and you too will say they cannot be beat.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone S372
It’s wonderful . . . this sunshine ... we did manage to wake up our little ARCHIE long enough to draw us a shoe ... if you can wear it, it’s all yours.
time designed to offer this proof to new students. It probably was intended to orient the freshman to the school instead of the school to the freshman. Nowadays orientation is simply a series of examinations given so that Purdue can find out all about the rhinie. Surely the neglected freshman should be given a little orientation to let him know all about Purdue.
... is to be congratulated on its early tackling of the problem of orientation and counseling for new women students. Libby Barmes and Margaret Saurer have, as ever, a difficult job in selecting between 175 and 225 girls who will carry out for the full period the program assigned to them. The change from last year’s program that makes selection of counselors occur before the series of instructional lectures is an excellent change, for it gives to these lectures a more definite aim. Sophomore and junior girls with a 3.5 average will be interviewed by the committee with the understanding that if a girl is chosen she will attend all of the lectures that follow her selection and will carry out to the best of her ability the summer, fall, and winter program. Tomorrow the first meeting will be held in the Women’s Lounge at 4 o’clock, at which time the co-eds may si^ up for interviews. Each girl will be interviewed by a group of committee members m an effort to find girls who will do their best in fulfilling the purpose of the system. You who are interested and who work at the job will find it a mutually beneficial program and a satisfying accomplishment when well done. Remember your own freshman days. Don’t go for an interview if you have so much to do next fall that your freshman or transfer women will not have a useful counselor. Attend all of the “Counsel School” lectures and consider carefully the wealth of advice given to you. The duty of the new counselors will be to help new students solve their immediate problems on arrival and to help them by your experience gain a larger and better directed aim for their college careers than they might otherwise have.—S. McK.
What did you think about the Theta dance Saturday night? They were on the ball ... it was a nifty. Saw lots of cute out-of-town girls. You can tell a fish by the tail he wears! SPE WATSON m Soc. class . . . “I’m going to stick my neck out here and see what you think about it.” Are you sure you washed it, WATSON’ Not all the dumb things on this campus come from co-eds • . . Instructor HIGGINS, EE^ included in his EE 20 test the question “Are pearls ever found in oysters?” Another dumb question asked in the Activity Bureau election interview . . . “What would you do if you saw Doc Elliott in the Union with a dog?” .. . typical campus stuff. COPPER says: “No parking here . . . you can’t loaf along this road.” SNUFFY SMITH pipes up with: “Who’s loafing?” A shoulder strap is a piece of ribbon worn to keep an attraction from becoming a sensation. Double sponged but still gOod. Sure glad to see all these contribs poppin in . . . What about this ? Co-eds as a rule are supposed to be fair With deep violet eyes and blond, curly hair. But look at ours, oh, what a mess Not a single idea as they have on a dress. The lipstick is messy and so is the hair. Some wear silk stockings ... others go bare No beauty present in this ungodly collection Well, perhaps, maybe a couple of exceptions. —By Bob’s twin brother.
ARC TODAY-WEDNESDAY
Let’s go to Physics: Sit in a seat as hard as a rock Your head grows heavy as a big cement block. You sit and you drowse. And become bored to tears. The bell never rings for what seems years. When it finally does, you hoist yourself up And shake your head like a small sleepy pup. You arrive outside and you want to shout, “Thank God, that is over. I finally got out!” —By I’m Bob. CHUCK LIMING, Lam Chi’s gift to the Kappas recently received his pin via mail from his old Chi-0 flame, JERRET . . . seems he was either to cease his joeing or get his pin back . . . anchors are back.
Ladeez and Gents . , special announcement
we have a . . starting
Mai 8
NOW PLAYING
ONLY 2 MORE DAYS
SENSATIONALLY DIFFERENTI ; GlarlonlylnMniiiiiiMl ilntplieddaMtagl Inaor* I tat dnnii at aa aacitlii 'ant
DONALD DUCK
LUMA TODAY - WEDNESDAY STlIiiE mws Hiding in a City of Secrets A vivid and absorbing melodrama in an unforgettably exciting setting.
LGIERS « starring HEDY LAMARR CHARLES BOYER
next week, each day will be devoted to a separate soronty . . . poems, dirt, all the uncensored scandal we can get goes . . . ^ust remember we aren’t responsible for anything that IS printed ... so hand in your contnbs early ,.. don’t forget the Mars and Lafayette passes . . . schedule will be as follows: Monday—Kappa Kappa Gamma. Tuesday—Kappa Alpha Theta. Wednesday—Pi Beta Phi. Thursday—Alpha Chi Omega. Friday—Chi Omega. Saturday—Phi Mu, Sunday—Alpha Xi Delta. Contrib box at front desk will be used!!
What we want is part ownership on the parking space at the Airpdrt. . . that thing is a gold mine! Five cents admission pleeze! . . .
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
Th« gay«8t goings-on flnco you loughod your* soil Into a floppy d^lrlum ot Toppor'
HAL ROACH
> s
4“ ■> si
V
V fgpif
H Tuesday. 25.1939 Tracksters Speed Through Fast Drill Coach Hermon Phillips Returns To Practice After Lengthy Illness By H. C. Goebel Rejoicing over Coach Phillips’ first night out for practice since his recent illness, and the beginning of weather that really resembles spring, the Boilermaker track squad sped through a snappy drill last night in preparation for the Drake Relays Friday and Saturday at Des Moines, la. Phillips still felt rather weak after his long attack of influenza, but was at last night’s practice pitting relay teams against one another and giving time trials for several of the team members. He hopes to make the trip to Drake this 'Friday, but will not do so unless he feels that he has fully recovered his strength. The Drake Relays are an annual event which always draw the middle west’s biggest stars. In last year’s classic Bob Lemen took second in the quarter mile low hurdles for the Boilermakers while the Riveter sprint medley team was taking a
THE FOBDUE
SftifdA.
EXPONENT
Greek Golfers Will Begin Competition In Tourney Today With 10 fraternities playing each afternoon, the mass interfraternity golf tournament will begin today at 4 p. m. on the Municipal golf course. Members of the teams scheduled to play each day will meet at the club house of the course where they will be matched "with members of other teams in groups of four. In order to determine the ratings of the teams for the play-off, the total score of each team will be divided by the number of players on the squad, and the average scores will be compared. The four highest will participate in the finals. The linksmen scoring the highest average rating will be awarded individual medals along with the large trophy to be presented to the winning house.
second. Steve Gutting in the 220-yard high hurdles. Forest Weber in the discus and shot put, and Ed Holderman in a special two-mile run are Riveters entered in the meet. Phillips'also entered teams in all four relays, the mile, two mile, four mile and the medley, but is not sure as to whether Jie will send all the teams to Des Moines.
Tennis Men To Meet Iowa, Norihwestern On Week-End Tour Warm weather aided the tennis team yesterday, allowing them to get in their first real practice of the season in preparation for their two matches this week-end. On Friday the squad will meet Iowa at Iowa City and then will travel €o Evanston Saturday to meet the Northwestern Wildcats. Although the squad has played two matches. Coach Larry LaBree feels that the boys have not been able to show their real competitive strength yet due to the fact that both matches have been played indoors on the Fieldhouse court. They lost the first of these matches to Indiana State, but came back to down the Wabash Little Giants last week. The five men to make the trip will be chosen from the following who have played for the Boilermakers so far, according to LaBree; Blitz, Mann, Hebbeler, Fuente, Alexander, and Jackson. Big Ten Ball Standings BIG TEN STANDINGS
200 BASEBALL GLOVES Once Valued at $2.50 to $10.00 Now Only 75c to $4.00 Fine Golf Clubs $1.25 — $1.50 — $1.75 B. L. HORWITZ 828 Main
WHY BE A MERE DANGER? CLOTHES HAVE CHANGED— SO HAVE STEPS IN DANCING MR. ALLEN GRADUATED FROM THE VERNON CASTLE HOUSE IN 1915. N. Y. CITY NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED., APRIL 26 7:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 0th & Fer?y
W
L
Pet
Purdue
8
0
1 000
Indiana
2
0
1.000
Minnesota
2
0
1 000
Ohio State
1
1
.600
Illinois
1
1
600
Michigan
, 1
1
.600
Iowa
X>
2
333
Northwestern
0
2
.000
Wisconsin
0
2
.000
Chicago
0
2
.000
SCHEDULE Fnday Iowa at Minnesota. Ohio State at Illinois. Wisconsin at Northwestern. Indiana at Chicago. Saturday Iowa at Minnesota. Ohio State at Illinois Wisconsin at Northwestern. Indiana at Chicago.
nmim SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONI 2777
HOTEL FOWLER , The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
That clean, well-pressed look makes a good impression, whether it's on the girl friend or the man whom you're interviewing for a job. We honestly don't believe you could find a cleaning service more satisfactory than ours. Go through your wardrobe today—get your bundle ready and let us put every garment in tiptop shape.
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
goMi/ii Riveters To Tangle With Choks, Notre Dame Tomorrow
Meet Western Illinois State Teachers' Here Next Friday, Saturday In Two-Game Series
By Bruce Witwer
(Editor’s Note: Today we present a distinguished guest columnist in the person of “CCC Stubby” Meier, chief of the campus cheerleaders).
—^fc—
By Stubby Meier As a columnist, we’ll probably make a good cheer-leader . . . anyway, thanks to Bruce Witwer for the opportunity . . . likewise an expression of appreciation to the Exponent for publicity this year . . , Gimlets and Reamers should also get plenty of credit for their assistance with pep sessions . . . constructive criticism and cooperation of Kizer, Woodworth, Elward, and Lambert. . . another source of satisfaction ... nothing like the old oil.
—fe—
The style of cheerleading used this year might be explained . . . maintaining a high pitch of enthusiasm for the duration of a game of basketball or football is as tiring to a spectator as competing is to the player.. Over-excitement has killed as many people as has unskillfulplaying . . . the cheerleaders attempted to give the crowd occasional emotional let-ups in the form of laughs . . . it’s the same idea that a popular brand of cigarettes capitalizes on ... as a result, spontaneous cheering is more frequent, violent, peppery . . . just what the coaches want...
—^fc—
Reactions to our antics were interesting, inspiring . . . occasionally sarcastic, reactionary . . . Coeds were more violent with their suggestion that we should drink Emily Postum than were the matrons of Lafayette . . . especially after the Detroit football game strip-tease . . . pseudo campusshots denounced us as un-Boiler-makerish . . . meanwhile, coaches and alumni were extending the glad hand . . . derogatory criticism from sub-minorities need not always be
heeded. —fc—
Most gratifying responses of the year ... The seven continuous minutes of pandemonium which commenced just before the second half kick-off of the Wisconsin game ... and ultimately resulted in a touchdown . . . the perpetual motion of the fins vocal cords during the Indiana basketball walk-away ... pep session before the Indiana pigskin contest... pre-regional pep-session at Jeff High, or hadn’t you heard?
—^fc—
Predictions for next year . .. better cheer-leading by Bill Dunshee, Bill Alexander, Beimy Burns . . . more intense college spirit by an effervescent Purdue student body.. bigger and louder basketball pepsessions . . . incidentally, those who didn’t come to the Elliott welcoming really missed the boat... cheering for baseball which should be a huge success since the crowds are smaller and more enthusiastic as individuals. . . winning teams that will be easy to cheer for.
Although not slated to return to conference competition until the Indiana series May 5 and 6, the Boilermaker Big Ten baseball pace-setters will face two formidable foes in three games during the coming week, one with Notre Dame tomorrow and two with Western Illinois State Teachers’ next Friday ■ and Saturday.
Defeated only once in eight contests so far this season. Coach Fehring has indicated that Bob Bailey, sophomore star, who has already victories over Iowa and Chicago, will be his pitching choice against Notre Dame at South Bend in an effort to add another triumph to the
victory string. Warner Better
For the home series with Western Illinois, Dick Wargo is expected to draw the mound duties on Friday, with either Homer Warner, a veteran right hander who has apparently rid himself of a bothersome shoulder kink, or John Emmert, another sophomore prospect, slated for Saturday. Fehring expects to stick to virtually the same lineup that has worked together so far this season, although in an effort to locate more hitting strength in the outfield, Elwood Yeager or George Doherty may take over right field against
Notre Dame.
Face Tough Moundsman The Boilermaker mentor is also planning to use Bud Fisher, sophomore catching prospect, in one of the Western Illinois games, as well as Frank Danowski at either first base or on the mound. In Saturday’s home tilt, the Boilermakers are expected to face one of the country’s greatest collegiate pitchers in Rube Thompson, rugged mound star who pitched a no-hit game against Augustana on last Thursday and struck out 20 men in the process. Dick Viar, another Western Illinois mound veteran, has been nominated as the pitcher for
Friday’s game.
Gridmen Prepare
For Infra-Squad Tilt
Coach Elward Faces Replacement' Problem For Fall Combination There’s an autumn tinge in
the windup of sfning football practice here at the Univer-
sity.
Fully aware of the fact that next fall’s strenuous schedule, perhaps the most difficult to be tackled by any collegiate eleven, will allow no time for experimentation once the season gets under way, Coach Mai Elward is leaving no stone unturned in the effort to shape a capable squad before spring practice comes to a close with the intra-squad game May 6 that will provide one of the features of the annual Gala Week. Replacement Problems Faced with the problem of locating replacements for such forward wall stalwarts as Joe Mihal, “ironman” left tackle; Paul Humphrey, steady center; and Jim Maloney, a scrappy guard, as well as Tony lippolito and Tony Juska, fullbacks, Elward plans to stage a regulation game each evening that weather permits for the remainder of the spring session. Through the medium of the series of games, the Boilermaker grid coaches hope to get an accurate line on the performance under fire of candidates that must be deyeloped not only for the first line, but also reserve strength. It has been evident throughout spring drill that Elward is once again planning on an attack that will feature speed and deception and utilize to the fullest extent the abilities of such ball carriers as the “Three Bees,” Lou Brock, Jack Brown, and Mike Byelene. “Four-Way” Backfield An unsual amount of time has been devoted to the development of forward passing in an effort to develop “four-way” backfield passing combinations. Linemen may also share in the ball-carrying honors next fall, for Elward has added a number of tackle-around and endaround plays to the Boilermaker repertoire.
Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts for Sigma Delta Psi, honorary athletic fraternity, will be held in the Ross-Ade Stadium at 4 o’clock today and Thursday, according to M. A. Keller, intramural manager. i
Cinema Cves
ACORRECTION -PLEASE It seems many Seniors have received tbe idea that our extremely reasonable price of $1.00 for caps and gowns amounts to $2.00 when taken for both Baccalaureate and Graduation. THIS IS NOT TRUE. Tbe $1.00 pays for both baccalaureate and graduation. SOUTHWORTH'S COLLEGE BOOK STORE
By Betty Wickard Show: “Topper Takes a Trip.” Where: Mars Theater. When: April 23-26. Here’s another in the Topper series and it’s almost as hilarious as the last. Poor Topper (Roland Young) is in trouble again, what with his wife (Billie Burke) suing him for divorce and falling for a handsome but poverty-stricken baron, not to mention that delightful ghost, Coimie Bennett, who plagues him every minute. Those who saw the first Topper picture will remember that the Kerby couple, Connie Bennett and Cary Grant were forced to remain on earth and perform a good deed before they might leave for the other world. Connie must have been particularly bad, for here she is, with another good deed to perform and with a ghostly dog in the person of our old friend, Asta, for comfort in the absence oi her husband. Those who saw the first picture will miss the riotous Grant even more than Connie. Many hilarious situations are created through Connie’s ability to appear and disappear at will. The scene in a bar in which ghostly Connie consumes Martinis with astounding rapidity, ranks second only to that in which the front hajf of Asta appears, frightening a maid into hysterics, in laugh-pro-voking efficiency. An excellent group of short subjects complete the bill. There is a scientific feature showing white mice traveling through difElcult mazes, a travelogue which takes us through historic New England, and a color cartoon based on “Madame Butterfly.” In addition, a Bob B«achley short on psychiatry leaves ua in the same mystified and mirtihful mood as the feature picture.
MIK
%■
5'?^ I
’S{‘f
"sTl;
'tr
3kaxL CidA,
HIE PUBDEE EXPOt4ENt
*yiojticiUL
Boilermaker Golfers Win From Indiana linksmen Boileimakei golfeis tiounced Indiana Saturday at Bloomington by the wide margin of 11 1-2 to 6 1-2 in the opening match of the Big Ten season foi both squads. John David, state junior golf title holdei, led the Rivetei linksmen vith a 71, the best caid of the entire match Intramural Schedule FRATERNITY BASEBALL Tomorrow Today Diamond 1— Delta Chi vs Alpha Tau Omepta 2— ^Acacia vs Tau Epsilon Phi 5— Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa 4—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta Upsilon 6— ^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi G—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Beta Theta Pi 7— SiRnia Pi vs Beta Sigma Psi 8— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Chi 9— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Pi Kappa Phi
HlSCBLLANBaUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29.76 Supplies C F Ebersboff, 606 Main street.
VIOLIN and PIANO kssons by Paul McDowell graduate Indiana State School £or Blind Student violin American Contervatory of Music in Chicago Awarded fiist pnae Maurice B Sax Amateur Hour 10 S 26th Ph 26646
PAPER cleaning, wall washing painting Phone 71864 or 46922
WATCHES—deaned $1 00 Mam springs $1 00 Crystals 26c and 35c Alarm clocks cleaned $100 Work guaranteed Kellar s Watch Shop 223 Main stieet
alterations, repairing and mending neatly done Phone 2637
STAFF MEMBER wishes to care for fraternity or private home during summer Address Box 226, Lafayette postoflfice
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Golf clubs Three matched woods Same as new Phone 6214
ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOMS—Am moving within I’/i blocks of campus Will quote interesting prices to summer students Continuous hot watei Well ventilated room 433 Vine
Air Meet AH pilots and student pilots wishing to enter the Spring Air Meet sponsored by the Purdue Flying Club please meet in room F of the Union at 8 80 p m Thursday April 27 —CHEVEpDEN Pi Tau Sigma Initiation today. Tuesday April 26 in room 108 of the ME Building at 6 16 p m All active members are re quested to be present Initiation fees are due at this time —HARVEY
All Organizations Any organization wishing to participate in the University Sing should have a representative present at the meeting of song leaders Friday, April 28, at 4 p m in Reception Room of the Union CREPPS, RICHARDSON
WAA Baseball; Tuesday, April 26 at 4 p m Chi O’s vs Wards 2 and 4, Alpha Xi a vs Kappas
until the 2nd or 8rd week in May Watch for an announcement at that time (6-2) —ERE. Airport Dance Committee: Meeting Tuesday April 26, at 7 p m m the Union Lounge Please be prompt —chevedDen
Tuesday, April 25, 1339
PEW Golf: New section in beginning golf will be offeied Thursday afternoon, April 27, from 2 td 4 p m Girls wishing to enter this class either for credit or as an elective should report Thursday —HAZBLTON.
Roger Williams Club Members of the Roger Williams Club are invited to attend the annual spring picnic at Big Bock Saturday April 29 Meet at the West Lafayette Baptist Chuich at 1 p m Bring 26 cents to cover eats and transportation —SWANSON
Poultry Club Meeting Wedneseday, April 26 at 7 30 p m in the Poultty Building —JENKINS Purdue Flying Club Important meeting Thursday Apiil 27 at 7 p m m room F of the Union A plan concerning the class A members will be voted upon —GHEVEDDEN Scriveners Last guest meeting Sunday April 30 at 7 30 p m m loom 2 of the Union All members please come Manuscripts accepted —JUSTIN
Mortar Board Compulsory meeting Wednesday April 26 at 4 16 p m at the WSGA office —WOOD.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledge meeting on Tuesday April 26, at 4 16 p m m room F of the Union —McCAMMON
Fencing Club: All girls interested in organizing a fencing club meet in the Women’s Gym Tuesday, April 26, at 4 p. m —STICKLER,
WAA Tennis- Time for signing up for tournaments has been extended until Wednesaay, April 26 Sign up in Women’s Gym —MATHER
Modern Dance Group Meeting Wednesday April 26 at 7 p m m the Women’s Gymnasium Everyone expecting to be in the recital Saturday must be there —HICKMAN Glider Club Important meeting Wednesday April 26 at 7 30 p m in room B of the Union Please be prompt —BUELL Outing Club Meet for bird hike Wednesday April 26 6 30 a m , at Purdue State Bank There will be no breakfast served Dean Fisher will conduct the hike We must leave promptly —CULP
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting Wednesday April 26, at 7.30 p m. in room F of the Union —ZIMMER.
Rifle Club: Important last meeting for election of officers Wednesday, April 26, at 7 30 p m in the Fieldhouse. —SMITH. 'y
Dolphin Club* Important meeting Tuesday, April 26, at 7 30 p m in the Fieldhouse. All members please be present. —CARR.
Bridge Players: Second qualifying rounds will not be played until Wednesday, April 26. It is necessary for all who played in the tournament last week to play again in the second round to qualify for the semifinals. —BORN.
Christian Science Organization Regular meteing Tuesday April 25 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union —MACK
Pan-Hellenic Council Pan-Hellenic meeting Wednesday April 26 at 4 p m in loom F of the Union Old and new members please attend —RAEBIG
Silver Mask Banquet at 6 30 p m Thursday Apiil 27, m the Old Chestnut Room of the Union —MEIR
TENNIS DOLBLES Today 4 00 p m Coui t— 5— Sigma Chi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 6— Phi Kappa Psi vs Beta Sigma Psi 7— Triangle vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8— Delta Chi vs Phi Pi Phi 9— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Kappa ■Tau 10— Alpha Chi Rho vs Pi Kappa Phi 11— Kappa Sigma vs Theta Xi 12— Delta Upsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi 4 45 p m Court— 5— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Alpha Gamma Rho 6— Theta Tau is Alpha Kappa Lambda 7— Alpha Tau Omega vs Acacia 8— Delta Tau Delta vs Kappa Delta Rho 9— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Gamma Delta 10— Phi Kappa vs Sigma Pi 11— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Chi 12— Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Delta Theta 13— Sigma Nu vs Pi Kappa Alpha
BASEBALL Today Diamond 1— Ward 3 vs Ward lOX 2— Waid 12 vs Ward 2A 3— Ward 5 vs Ward IX 4— Ward 1 vs Ward 13 5— Ward 2 vs Ward 10 6— Ward 32 vs Ward 11 '■—Wprd 6X vs Ward 8 8— Carv Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 1 9— Caiy Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 4 10—Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 7
Camera Club Debris photographic in struction in room 1 of the Union Building Tuesday April 26 at 7 30 p m —HBDDEN
Playshop Eveiyone interested in work ing on pioperties costume art carpentry and electiical committees sign up in play shop office Tuesday April 25 after 3pm —LINDSEY
WAA There is still time to sign up for the Dunes tup on April 29 30 Please do so before Thursday April 27, on the WAA bulletin board —WARD
Silver luaSK- formal initiation at t> 16 p m Thursday April 27, m rooms 1 and 2 of the Union All men bring SamJ^owne belts ,7^7, —MEIR
PSA Impoitant business meeting Tuesday April 25 at 7 )0 p m in the Union Ballroom —DORSKY
Ag Education Society Meeting Tuesday April 25 at 7 30 p m in the Education Building —BREWER
Senior EE Leave money for picture to hang in hall in EE office before Wednesday, April 26 (4 26) —KITTNER
Cosmopolitan Club Important meeting Friday April 28 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union —AYASUN
“P” Men" Important meeting of all “P” men in room 106 of the Field House Thursday April 27 at 7 p m —JOHNSON
ASME Indianapolis motor speedway qualification pit passes will not be issued
FRATERNITY GOLF Todav Acacia Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Tau Omega , Phi Kappa Tau I Phi Pi Phi Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi INTERFKATERNITY BOWLING Today Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Nu Turn scores into the Intramural office after the match
WBAA
•THE VOICE OF PURDUE” —Today— 11 00—The Dentist Says 11 15—Social Secuiity 11 35—The Home Makeis, Elizabeth Hmei, Elizabeth Doty, Maiga Maiy Glunt „ 11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Meet Yotii Voice 12 15—Russ, Bob and Dick. 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Geitiude Stillabowex, violinist 1 00—Monitoi Views the News. 1 15—Electrical Shops 1 30—Scientific News Review 1 45—Maiket Repoits, Del GreenV ood. 2 00—Ameiican Legion Auxiliary Progiam 2 15—Melody Moments. 2 30—You and Youi Child 2 45—Tieasuie Chest 3 00—Song Time 3 15—Darlene Mahns, popular songs 3 30—Youi Radio Coiiespondent 3 45—Afternoon Music 4 00—Puidue Debns 4 15—Quips and Queues 4 30—Paul Mitchell, populai songs 4 45—Story Book Houi
SPECIAL Low Price on Military Uniforms — Cleaned and Pressed — Cash and Carry
BASIC UNIFORMS
Shirts, khaki Coats Pants Belts Caps Ties
$ .10 .27 .30 .01 .01 05 $ .74
CADET OFFICER'S OR BAND UNIFORM Belt . $ 01
Breeches Coats, O. D Cravet Caps, Officer's dress
.30 .27 .05 .15
$ 78
Fine c l e a’n ers of fine clothes OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and OptoiVietrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Shoe Repair
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Printing
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave
ORINTING Office Slalioncry . » ^ I 'Jf^edding fnvIUllons a.2. CAS3EL S lOBFERRy
• Locksmif-h
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlodu. Auto keys a specialty Bic^les, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St Fhene 282S
/ y < i
iisVo*'
>NO
u\d show you
\\0^
o\GV^^ '".re ^^o'®
pleasure
shown
here
ope
■rations
s one the I
science
of
naking knows
many
Ijlendmg
af
Cheste
ar
Everything * ^noke
about Cheste
■rfields money
Tfie'd o
con
boy
itlder
better
.fasting
cig
larette-
Every year thousands of visitors to the Chesterfield factories see the infinite care with which the world’s best tobaccos are combined to give you Chesterfield’s can’t-be-copied blend. It is this wonderful blend that makes Chesterfield so refreshingly different... milder, better-tasting, with a more pleasing aroma. When you try them you will see why Chesterfield gives millions of men and women more smoking pleasure,., why THEY SATISFY
If
Copyright 1959, Liggett & Mvrus Tobacco Co,
I f