' ■'j ' * ‘'“' ^ f -'’ { ?f -1^ p«4S| ,,,i
ft - , * ii.
V
^ THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Pair today; tomorrow increasing cloudiness and warmer, rain.
Purdue Exponent
X4U
TOESDAY Bfordt 7. 1939 IkclayeKe, Indidiicf VoLSO No. 131
Chicago Stymies Boilermakers, 28-26 Board Selects Mikado' For All-Campus Musical Bosfcef By/we/er
“Mikado,” a Gilbert and Sullivan comic opera, was chosen for the all-campus musical production by the Board of Control at their meeting yesterday. In addition the board announced that regardless of Prom dates the show will be staged the week-end of April 21-22. The pioduction is to be patterned after the Federal Theatre swing version of “Mikado,” which played SIX months in Chicago and has gone to New York for an additional two months engagement this season. Performances will be given on the evenings of Friday and Saturday, April 21 and 22, with a matinee on Saturday and another on Friday if ticket sales warrant it. Tryouts for the entire cast have been scheduled for Thursday at 4 p. m, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Those tiying out for dancing and singing parts will be given appointments for Friday afternoon. Due to new vacancies, Lans Hinrichs has been appointed stage manage;* and Sam Wells made new ticket and sales manager for the show. The original version of “Mikado” was produced on the campus in 1931 and had a run of three nights. Juniors Enter Hanley Contest Today, Finals Continue Tomorrow Preliminaries for junior engineers in the Hanley Speech contest open today at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. Finalists will compete Wednesday evening at 7:30 in Duncan Lecture room of the EE Building to determine the two who will represent the juniors in the interclass finals in April. Among those competing today are Richard Lukenbill, John Heilman, William Bovler, Joe Yamamoto, Maurice Karnowsky, and Frank Hershey, according to Bob Carr, manager of the Student Forensic Board, who is in charge of the elimination. The winning junior will receive a financial handbook. Freshmen and sophomores, have already been picked and seniors will compete later for the April contest. The Hanley contest is sponsored by William Hanley, ME ’ll, now superintendent of the Eli Lilly company in Indianapolis. It is open to all student engineers, with the single restriction that the subject must deal with some phase of engineering. The winner will receive $50, while the runner-up gets $20. Dancing Class Begins Tonight Al 7:30 In Gym Consideration will be given to beginneis and advanced dancers alike at the PIA intermediate dance class opening tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. To accomodate dancers to the best advantage, the class will be limited to about 40. Eds may bring dates without extra cost. It IS still possible to sign up for the class at the PIA office, or at the Gym tonight. The series of eight lessons, under the supervision of Miss Helen Knight, of the Women’s Physical Education department, will cost three dollars. Cadet Officers... . . . win hold a luncheon in the Union ballroom today at 12 noon. Colonel Beere, PMS and T, will present the Cary award to Cadet Captain J. M. Williamson. This award goes to the senior making the highest grade in Military History and Policy. Williamson won the award with a grade of 100 per cent. Russ Mock campus musician will play at the luncheon.
Australians To Debate Here Tonight
0. F. Hall To Address Debaters At9:30p m.lnUi.ion Se„|,„4,Mari,a|
Tonight at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, students, faculty, and the townspeople will witness an International debate between H. R. Robson and Fred Thonemann of Australia, and Robert Sasser and Joseph Yamamoto of Purdue. The topic on which they will debate is, “Resolved that the Achievements of Science Have Created Merely an Il-
lusion of Progress.”
The Australians are on a debating tour of the United States and are at presefit enroute to Canada. The tour is being made under the auspices of the National Student
Fedeiation of America.
Robson, law graduate from the University of Sidney, and Thonemann, law graduate from the University of Melbourne, will take the affirmative. Sasser, ME ’39, and Yamamoto, EE ’40, will handle the negative side for Purdue. President Edward C. Elliott will act as
chairman.
An open forum will be held after the debate for those who wish to ask questions concerning either side of the resolution. Preceding the debate, a meeting with Dr. L. M. Spears in charge will be held for the visitors at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. Robson will speak on “The Australian Girl,” and Thonemann on “The Australian University.” A reception will be held in looms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 9 30 p m , immediately aftei the
debate.
Dale Of Elimination Contest For ASME Papers Changed Pieliminary contest to determine the members of the local branch of the ASME who will represent the University at the seventh annual Student Conference of the Midwest Group of the ASME will be held on March 14, instead of today as previously announced. The contest will be held in room 108 of the MechanEngineering Building at 7:30 p. m. W. C. Speck... . . . ME ’10, died unexpectedly late Sunday evening in his home in Columbus, 0., from a heart attack at the age of 51. He had been suffering from undulant fever for the past year. Very active in alumni woik. Speck was the first graduate student to contribute to the Fieldhouse Building fund. He was a member of Sigma Chi and a former member of the varsity football team.
Lecture Tomorrow First speaker on the series of marital lectures foi seniors. Professor O. F. Hall, of the education department, will discuss “Success Factors in Marriage, or Marriage as Seen by a Sociologist,” tomorrow at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Next week Professor J. A. Estey, of the history, economics, and government department, will speak on “Marriage as Seen by an Economist.” The following week Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, Lafayette magistrate, will discuss “Marriage as Seen by a Ttial Judge.” After spring vacation two lectures, for senioi men only, on Aptil 11 and 18, in the lecture room of the EE Building. A series of lectures for the co-eds will also be held after spring vacation. The date for thes electures haVe not been definitely set. PIA Will Sponsor Third Of Tea Dance Series Today At 3 Third of the second semestei series of Aa tea dances will be presented this afternoon in the Union ballroom from 3 to 6 o’clock. “Following the success of our last Saturday afternoon dance, we feel that limiting the stag line is the way to provide the most satisfactory entertainment for eds and their dates,” said Bob Fowler, social chairman, in explaining the policy of limiting stags which was inaugurated last Saturday. Admission will be by membership cards, or 10 cents to non-members. As usual, co-eds will be admitted free. Stags wishing to attend must sign the list posted in the PIA office. WBAA To Broadcast Debris Skit At 4 p. m. Second in a series of programs sponsored by Debris and depicting campus life as it will appear on the pages of the 1939 Debris, this afternoon’s Debris broadcast will feature the Student Union. Eminating from the studios of WBAA at 4 p. m., the program will use the sweet shop as a setting. A Union vice president holding down a corner booth with a freshman co-ed will give her the lowdown as the big shots drift in and out.
English Ship Lands At 9 Airport For More Fuel
Saturday afternoon a strange looking airplane landed at the University airport and taxied to a stop near the hangar. It’s mysterious marking, CV, designating it to be a Canadian ship, struck the airport gang as being quite unusual. This ship, a Hornet Moth, made by the DeHaviland Airplane Company in England, was piloted by 0. Cecutti of Sudbui*y, Ontario, and J. A. Mackey of Los Angeles. The purpose of the unexpected visit was due to the lack of fuel. The flyers had been enroute to Los Angeles, Cal., from Sudbury, Ontario, and had encountered bad weather all along the trip.
Fred Thonemann (Australia)
H. R. Robson (Australia)
Joseph Yamamoto (Purdue)
Aided by an Aperiodic Type Compass, a bank and turn indicator, and seveial maps, the flyers plan to go via St Louis, Tulsa, Ft. Worth and El Paso, thence across Arizona to airive in Los Angeles Monday night. During their 15 minute stop, both men seemed impressed by the airport and'commented to that effect. Between “coke pauses,” Canadian Cecutti remarked, “Pui’due has a very good rugby team, I heard;” but before he could be answered, his American companion informed him that we have another word for it— football.
Decides Victory For Maroons
By Bob McDonald
With the winning basket in mid-air as the gun went oif, (Chicago’s perennial bottom ranking basketball team out-rallied the Boilermakers in their final game of the season here last night to win by the score of 28-26. It marked the first loss for a Purdue team in the rtew Fieldhouse against Conference com-
petition.
C. Meyer was the hero of the game, scoring the winning basket as the gun sounded and leading his teammates in scoring with a total of eight points. Tommy Dickinson received the only honors for the Purdue team, going home with a shiny new plaque presented to him between halves of the game by the greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce in recognition of his prowess on the basketball court during the past three years as ' a varsity player.
Dickinson Night
As announced, it was “Tommy Dickinson Night.” This seemed to be enough for the rest of the Purdue team, for they were unable to show anything that even hinted at the characteristic Boilermaker style of play. The game was the last for seven senior members of the Purdue squad. Dickinson, Anderson, Hutt, Zink, Barsha, Lyboult, and Swan ended their collegiate basketball ca-
reers.
Returning for the final period with the score 17-11 in their favor, the Boilermakers were unable to woik through the Chicago impenetrable zone defense and the Maroon’s gradually moved up until the score was tied at 24 all with four minutes left to play. In the closing minutes, Dan Fisher went under to score for Purdue, but C. Meyer retaliated with a neat pivot shot to tie the score. With one minute left to play, Chicago took time out and evidently returned for play with the winning basket all planned out. Obtaining the ball, they passed it around in the back of the court until, suddenly, Meyers was open under the net. A fast pass and a faster shot scored, as the gun sounded victory for Chicago,
Catalyst Will Sponsor Smoker Tomorrow Catalyst Club, chemical honorary, will sponsor a smokei for junior and senior chemicals and members of the staff of the Chemical Engineering school from 7:30 to 9 tomorrow evening in the Union ballroom. Tone of the meeting will be strictly informal. The affair is being held in order that students and faculty members may become better acquainted with each other. All of the chemicals are urged to attend by club efficials and it is hoped that they may become really well acquainted with the members of the staff. Refreshments will be served.
Exponent...
. . . will hold a meeting of all editorial, sports, and co-ed staff members in the reception room of the Union tomorrow at 4:15 p. m. Full attendance is compulsory according
to H. I. Stanback, Editor.
Debaters To Convene Thursday For Fourth Annual Tournament Between 150 and 250 high school students representing the National Forensic League will convene on the campus 'Thursday and Friday, March 9 and 10, for the fourth annual debating tournament, according to Prof. P. E. Lull, of the speech department. Winners will represent Indiana in the national tournament at Beverly Hills, Calif., June
19 to 23,
A national high school debating organization, the Forensic League has chapters in about 27 states. There are about 18 chapters in Indiana, and about 15 of these are expected to be represented at the conference here. A “Congress” will be inaugurated at the meet this year, to be composed of selected members of each of the state chapters. This “Congress” will meet four times during the two-day session, to appo’int committees and consider bills. Four Lafayette attorneys will act as parliamentarians and speakeis. Tournaments will include debate, extemporaneous speaking, dramatic^ declamation, humorous declamation, original oratory, and ortatoncal declamation. Members of the speech department. University students, and high school coaches will judge the events. R, 6. Stewart To Talk On Development Of Piano Thursday Eve R. B. Stewart, controller, will talk on “The Story of the Development of the Piano and How It is Made” at 7:30 p. m. Thursday in the Music Room. He became interested in pianos several years ago and since then has made their history his hobby. “I am planning to trace the development of piano construction and scale building,” said Stewaii when asked about the plans he has made for his talk. He wants to give his audience a better understanding of the piano’s history. He added that the piano of today is very different from the piano on which all of the great music of masters was com-
posed.
Stewart will point out the qualities one should look for in a piano. He will take a piano apart, although he will not remove the strings and the sounding board. Several years ago Stewart wrote a paper on the piano and the need for an improved hammer in the piano. His paper states that the early instruments had very limited tone and strength. Not until 1843 was a metal frame used in the piano, and it was not until 1867 that the metal frame was accepted. “Pianos are not built scientifically, but imperically,” was, the interesting comment of Stewart,
PURDUE Igney, f . Fishei, f-c Swarts, f Webei, c Yeager, g Heihchelman, i Dickinson, g Beietta, g
Totals
CHICAGO Meyei, f Stampf, f . Cassels, f Allen, f Lounsbury, c W. Murphy, g Richardson, g Jorgensen, g Totals .
FG FT PF TP
11 4 12 26 FG FT PF TP
8 12 7 28
Drug Addicf Shoots Dr.H.Peffer,Sc.'25, At Home In Orleans Dr. Harry C. Peffer, '25, graduate of Purdue Univei*sity and Indiana University school of medicine was shot to death early Monday morning in his home at Orleans, Ind. He ' was a son of the late Prof. Peffer^ former head of University school of chemical engineering. John Cunningham, a furniture factoi*y worker, is held for his death. Stories concerning the shooting differ in the Associated Press and International News Service dispatches from Orleans. Mrs. Peffer stated that her husband, accompanied by Cunningham, returned to his home from a medical call. They quarrelled and Cunningham was ordered to leave. When he refused, Peffer got his gun and in the ensuing struggle Peffer was killed. Dr. Peffer was a member of the Phi Delta Theta fiaternity, also the Nu Sigma Nu medical society. His wife, the former Elizabeth Goss, of Paoli, Ind., and a one year old child siu'vive.f^m
^dibfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^udUMA.
Tuesday, March 7,1939
'•+>
Let's Get Acquainted... How many professors and instructors do students at Indiana university meet informally outside of classrooms? And how many students can truthfully say they have real friends on the faculty? We’ll venture to say that students as a whole have very little opportunity to become acquainted with those who are here to inculcate the knowledge they have gained through their years of education and experience. Students who are new in the university have difficulty in adjusting themselves to the impersonal and formal attitude that is usually maintained between instructors and students. The School of Business has taken a step to break down the feeling of formality and restraint. The Collegiate Chamber of Commerce has inaugurated a series of smokers to which men students and instructors in the School of Business are invited. Duriilg the course of the evening, in the card playing, bingo playing, and general informality, students and faculty members have a chance to become friends. In fact, far better results were obtained than even the Chamber of Commerce itself expected. Name cards were used as an easy means of becoming acquainted, and to stress the informality of the affair. Since the smoker was such a success, plans are being made to continue ’these throughout the year. An equivalent affair for co-eds of the School of Business may be undertaken in the near future. Other organizations on the campus could profit by the experience of the business group and offer similar get-acquainted opportunities to their members. Undoubtedly faculty members would be as pleased as students to become acquainted with the persons whom they face daily but never really know.—Indiana Daily Student. Indiana Univesity's... . . . Daily Student editorializes on a subject we have made a part of our Good Teaching campaign in the above article reprinted from their March 3 paper. The question is asked of rU students: How many students can truthfully say they have real friends on the faculty? That is a question we would like to apply to Purdue. In our opinion there should
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in liOfayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrees of March 8, 1879, and at tiie special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 80. 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regrular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stt^nback B. R. Hensler
Editor Associate EditQTS-
Editor Associate Editors
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor. - D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C, Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager — — W. F, Berg Sales Manager. — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager.. — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — .W. E. Smith Art Director — D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF . Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard SPORTS STAFF B. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Heiple Tuesday, March 7, 1939
be far more persons able to boast of faculty friends. Previously we have suggested thit school honoraries and professional societies might promote this friendship by sponsoring smokers and receptions for students and staff. Catalyst Club will do just that for the chemical engineering school tomorrow” night in the Union ballroom. Juniors and seniors will be invited to attend. We hope that Catalyst will be only the first of a large number to do this. We believe that every society and honorary could find good work to do along these lines.'
White ties, tails .. . and so forth . . . didn’t affect NICK SHEA last week-end at the A. T. O. State hop. He jostles along MAE SIMMS . . . politely gets plastered and by 5 o’clock Saturday, he has passed out like a light . . . DON TRAM, exPurduvian, substitutes with MAE. 12:00 midnight... NICK wakes up wants to go to the dance . . . gets ready, has his tails and everything else on perfect . . . then politely passes out again ... either the stuff was good or the A. T. O. dance was expected to be an awful washout! How’s the headache? Cool breezes are still dripping . . somebody pulled a cute trick last Saturday . . . sent MARJ BLOCKER a cute little LIVE mouse! Wonder what the significance is . . . quite a surprise for the hungry Pi Phi’s to be waiting for a piece of cake only to fiind a mouse with a string . . . maybe it is to signify a mouse with a line! . . . while on this subject, what ever happened to the lad MACKIEWICZ? Maybe the worm is turning . . . what about the girl in Minnesota, MACK ? ? And MARGE may be slipping when it comes to holding her man. There’s always a way to get inside a sorority house . . . H. MORTON and a bunch of Alpha Chi Rho boys can tell plenty about their experience inside the new Pi Phi house the other night . . . the house was supposedly closed up ... no chaperones ... all dark . . . they could not have had a skeleton key or been let in by a little Pi Phi could they? After all—there aren’t any fire escapes , . . speaking of boys inside a sorority house . . . BUD McQUILLAN and JACK QUINN somehow or other obtained a room over the week-end at the girl’s dorm ... at
Jh m and
By Georgann Schilling
Another weekend of “gal-event-in” around! And another column about who you were with and where you were. Scabbard and Blade boys really did things up nicely Friday night. We liked the smooth orchestra, and admired very much their selection of songs. Margaret Mitchell looked very much the “Colonel’s Lady” as she stood on the band stand with Bib Zimmer at the presentation of pledges. Very impressive ceremony. Congratulations, lads. —H-H— Not since 1925 has there been an international debate on this campus. But tonight at 8 o’clock two Australian boys will appear in Fowler Hall to debate with two members of the Purdue team on the question, “Is Scientific Progress Only An Illusion?” The last foreign debaters to speak here were a pair of English college boys who were making a tour of the United States in 1925. The English debaters used much ivit and appeal to the audience in their debate, contrasted with the Purdue method of driving ahead on logic and facts. It will be interesting to see the differences in technique used by these Australian boys. —H-H— Mixer dancers seem to like Dean Hudson’s style of music Saturday night at the Mixer in the ballroom. The only other swing and sway affair on the campus was a Radio Dance at Cary Hall East. Perhaps the Cary Hall boys are getting in the groove for their super dinnerdance scheduled for jiext Saturday night. —H-H— “Love is the most important consideration in choosing a mate!” No, this isn’t our own personal opinion but the decision of 1,500 girls at Stevens College. And only one out of this numbqr desired most of all to marry a football hero or at least an athletic type. Economic stability, ambition, sincerity, intelligence,.
honesty, and personality were the other leading traits desired. —H-H— Bill Briscoe and Adele Bardach did a fancy bit of date arranging last Wednesday. The event was the biggest trade dinner ever staged on the Purdue campus; a hundred and eighty dates were arranged between North and South WRH and Cary Hall West. We heard only favorable reports from this mass dating. —H-H— THE BOOTNOSE SAYS: He who laughs last usually wanted to tell the story himself, so if you can do any better why don’t you write us a letter. Robert Park... . . . who is in charge of the puttering room of the Union, will talk on handicrafts at the meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club to be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium. He will give demonstrations of handiwork skills which are being practiced by students in the puttering
room. Martha Moorhead, president of the club, invites all co-eds to attend.
LU^ TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
GLENDA FARRELL
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
TODAY-TOMORROW LAST TWO DAYS TO SEE THIS SCREEN THRILL OF THE YEAR! More than a year in the making! ... Staged on a scale that beggars fivords! ... Thrills for a thousand movies in one mighty picture!
Slarrlno CARY GRANT . VICTOR MCLAGLEN AND DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, Jr. with Sam Jaffa • Eduardo Ciannelli • Joan Fontaine
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
IT’S miCICEY’S FINEST ROLE! America's No. 1 Boy... your beloved “Andy Hardy"...wins his greatest triumph as Mark Twain's lovable hero!
IH
9
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
— PLUS PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“If you guys want peace and qfiiet why don’t you go up to the gym!” *
Monticello College. Some people get by with murder! Around this time, everyone is more or less interested in Prom . . . just what kind of a podunk town did Farquhar, one of the Prom committee men (?) come from . . . rumors are that there was a lease for Glenn Grey . . . Lloyd couldn’t figure out who this guy was . . . after yelling around the house for a couple of days . . . the dawn came . .. the lease for the Casa-loma’s went! And they say this is a University! It seems that the three month romance between the ATO JACOB-
SON and Kappa pledge HOWELL has finally hit a snag .. . KAY has dated Phi Gam DICK POTTER for the brawl last Friday . . . JAKE had a super date in Indianapolis for the state dance ... POTTER thinks she’s smooth enough i . . he’ll'give JAKE competition any day .. . another one of those nice triangles! THE BOOTNOSE SAYS: She was only a bootlegger’s daughter, but I love her Still. (You laugh, I’m tired). '
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
v>
You can be assured that your Week-end Guest will appreciate a room reserved for her in the UNION CLUB She will be thoroughly pleased with the Perfect Service as well as the Refined Atmosphere J/UL fiwvdusL TyismifiiaL lAjnJmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of ActivitiesTuesday. March 7,1939
THE PURDUE
^pn^fA ■
EXPONENT
Fans Will Banquet Net Squads Toniriit
Minor Sport Squads Face Intensive Week piddsuA
Program; Three Contingents To Chicago
Practically all the minor sports squads will wind up their season this week at the various Big Ten competitions to be held here and at Chicago. Although the Boilermakers lack balance to make them factors in the team championships, a number of outstanding men are expected to make strong bids in their own fields for individual honors. Chief among these hopefuls are
Captain Art Bodeau, half miler who took second place in the conference meet last year; Steve Gutting, ace hurdler, who recently tied the world’s record for the 60 yard indoor high hurdles; George Wildhack, fancy diver, and Captain Walter Lahey, free style dash star, in the swimming meet; Bob Meier and Art Levin in the fencing championships; and Harold Berkheiser and John Post in wrestling, will represent the Boilermaker contingents. Shackleton Better The track conference meet is scheduled for Friday night apd will wind up on Saturday night. Coach Phillips plans to leave with his proteges Friday afternoon and arrive in Chicago in time for the team to rest before time for the meet to start. Sharkleton, who was injured in a practice race recently, is very
much improved and will be back in the lineup Friday. The wrestling team will leave for Chicago some time Thursday in their quest for conference honors. The first round bouts are scheduled to start Thursday night, with the meet to continue to Friday afternoon, and the finals taking place Saturday night. The fencing championship tourney will start on Friday morning and continue till Saturday night when the finals will take place. Coach R. E. Finney will probably leave for Chicago Thursday night with two men in each division. The swimming team has a triangular meet with Wisconsin and Indiana tomorrow evening as a final tune-up before the conference meet here on Friday and Saturday.
DRESS CORRECTLY —from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories — all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST.
QhDixjL
Deep in the columns of musty editorial expressions we uncover “Blue Monday” . . . what a classic and perfect example last night’s game was of these two words . . . years from now sport’s archaeologists >itho will be delving deep into dusty annals will find in the sport’s dictionary ... “Blue Monday (adj.)—Such as Purdue University’s game with Chicago on March 6, 1939.” —^fc— At least we have seen a full run of how bas|:etball games should be played and how they should not be played this season . . . Indian^ provided a good chance to really show some classy playing . . . then just to prove a wealth of versatility, last night’s game was thrown to the claim or disclaim of the audience. —^fc— Chicago displayed the most strength in the foul shooting department that has ever graced the Purdue floor ... 12 out of 13 was the count while the Boilermakers managed to drop in but four out of 10 ... it would be our luck to run into Chicago when they were blessed with a super-fiction finish complex. —^fc— While we could go to great length in berating the team, they don’t deserve it . . . that indefinable something that makes a team click or not was just on a vacation . . . Chicago has lost quite a few games this year by very slim margins, now Purdue IS getting a season full this year where heretofore they have usually managed to cajole fate into letting them be on the winning end
’azzie
The Stag Line-
With one of these smart new evening gowns . . . just a little more daring . . . just a bit more different Superbly designed for moments of glamour . . . with full sweeping skirts . . . deftly cut decolletage . . . and the new tiny waist line.
Full skirts . . . heart shaped bodies . . . off - the shoulders decollete . . . strapless gowns . .. basque waists. These are featured in our selection of evening frocks.
A New Line of Dinner Dresses
We also have a new line of dinner dresses, the smartest having crepe tops with long, full sleeves, and shirt-waist fronts.
Phone 5900
415 Main Street
'Piggy'Lambert... Yarsity^ FtosH Teotns To Receive Letter Awards Purdue’s colorful basketball squad, which garnered fourth place in the recent Big Ten final standing, will be feted by an enthusiastic throng of alumni, townspeople, and students at the annual Lions Club banquet tonight at 6:30 in the Union Ballroom, judging from the reports of brisk sales made to
Chairman E. C. Degering.
. . . Boilermaker basketball mentor, who will award insignias to the varsity net squad members tonight at the annual Lion’s Club banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 o’clock.
Gophers Whip Iowa As Michigan Downs Northwestern Five Ann Arbor, Mich, March 6— Michigan’s net squad cheated Northwestern of any chance to finish in the first division tonight and upset the Wildcats, 32 to 26. Iowa City, Iowa, March 6—Ahead all the way, Minnesota trounced the Iowa Hawkeyes, 54 to 43, here tonight in a Western Conference game that left the hosts in the cellar position as they ended their confei;-
ence schedule.
Mce Divers, Sprinters Will Meet Here Friday Headed by a group of top-notch collegiate swimmers and divers, the Big Ten schools will invade the Fieldhouse pool Fiiday and Saturday to compete for the swimming championships of the league, of which Ohio State is the defending champion, and Michigan is the runner-up. Most spectacular of the events should be the fancy diving in which A1 Patnik, of Ohio State, who hold all indoor and outdoor intei collegiate and natonal championships for springboard diving, will be the favoied con-
tender for honors.
Patnik was named one of the three outstanding collegiate swimmers of last year and is the first man to hold the Big Ten title, the national-collegiate, and the National A. A. U. diving titles simultaneous-
ly.
The banquet will be featured by the announcement of letter awards to membeis of the varsity and freshman varsity squads and an address by Piesident E. C. ElIiPtt. Ed Sheilick, Lions Club president, will pieside over the opening, and then turn the gavel over to Bun Swezey, president of the Pill due Alumni association, who will act as toastmaster. Musical entei tainment will b« piovided by the Univeisity Glee Club under the dii ection of A1 Stewait, while another entei tainment featuie will be a demonstration of magic by Maui ice Lenser, former graduate student in the chemistry depaitment. Letter Awards The addiess by Di. Elliott wall follow the announcement of the varsity awaids by Coach Waid Lambert, the dean of Big Ten mentors, and of fieshman insignia by Coach Dutch Fehiing. Tickets for the banquet, .priced at $1.10 each, are on sale at the Union desk, Deac’s, and Deckers, or may be obtained fiom Lions Club members. Although theie has been a busk demand, tickets aie still available.
Tough Competition
This event should not be a cinch for the title holder, however, as Adolfh Ferstenfeld and Hal Benham of Michigan, who were ranked third and fifth respectively, in last
A MENU NECESSITY Winter menus are not com- * plete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too win soy they cannot be beat.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops tn Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
year’s All-Amei lean ratings, will be fighting for top honors. Also to be reckoned with will be a sophomore, Clark, from Ohio State, who has been pushing Patnick all year. PurAll remaining reserved seats for the Big Ten swimming championships, to be held in the Fieldhouse pool Friday and Saturday have been been placed on sale at the Fieldhouse it was announced by C. S. Doan, ticket sales manager, yesterday. The prices are 25 cents for the diving and 50-yard free stjle preliminaries Friday afternoon, 75 cents for all other preliminaries to be held Friday evening, and one dollar for the finals Saturday night. The programs get under way at 2:30 Friday afternoon and 7:30 Friday and Saturday nights. due’s representative in this event is Wildhack. Another interesting performance for local swimming fans should be 50 and 100 yard free style sprints in which the records set by Kirar of Michigan in last year’s meet seem non too secure. Tomski, also from Michigan, has already posted better times than the existing records, having done the 60 yards in 22.9 seconds and the 100 yards in 50.3 seconds. Tomski will have to reckon with Quayle of Ohio State as well as Walters of Iowa in capturing these titles. Potential imint getters in this event include Wolfson of N. U. and Lahey, captain of the Boilermaker tank squad, who will represent Pui’due in the sprints.
Franklin and Marshall College has placed the four major student dances of the year in its tuition charges.
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
FlEX
218 Waldron
TACE
Phone 2390
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE• 4 dtoaxL tidA. THE PyroUE OTONEOT TtoiicsA, ' Tuesday. March 7,1939 (P
Joseph Cravens... . . . expresidenit; of the Indiana Association of Photographers and the chief photographer for the Indianapolis Star, will speak at the Camera Club meeting this evening at 7:30 in the Old Chestnut room. Ci-avens will address members and othei-s who are interested in attending the meeting on the topic of “The Fii-st Hundred Yeai-s of Photography.” W.T. Miller... . . . professor of mechanical engineering. spoke before a large delegation of engineers and service men from the Citizens Gas and Coke Company' of Indianapolis, Wednesday, March 1. Prof. Miller preented a three-hour lecture on the subject of gas heating. Intramural Schedule MINOR SPORT CALENDAR .... .... 4 ;0n B-ta Theta Pi .vs. Pi Kappa Alpha, 4 ;4.5—Abibr. Gamma Rhn vs. Phi Pi Phi. rf-TV't -2 - 4;00~.-Delta Chi vs. Sifma Alpha Epsilon. 4 ;4.'i—Delta Tau Delta vs. Siccma Chi. Court , 4 :00—Delta Uppilon vs. Sis:ma Alpha Mu. 4 -45—Kappa Delta Rho vs! Sitinia Phi Epsilop. • r'^urt 4- - 4:t(—^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Siitma Pi. 4 ;4.5--i hi. Delta Theta vs. Tail Epsilon Phi. Court •')— „ 4:00—rPhi Gamma Delta v.^. Theta Taii.4:4a—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Xi. Court 6— 4 ;00—Phi Kappa Psi, vs. Triangle. 4 ;45—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 6— 4:00—Phi Kapfa Psi vs. Triangle. 4 ;45—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 7— 4 -.00—Theta Chi vs. Sigma No. MINOR SPORTS CALENDAR Court 1—Aronson. 7 :00—Short Course. . 7 :1.5—Short Course. 8:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:1.^—Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Court 2—Diehl. 7 :00—Short Course. 7:1.7—Short Course. 8:00—Sigma Pi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:17—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 3—Juillard. 7 :00—Short Course. 7 :15—Short Course. 8 :00—Sigma Nu vs. Theta Chi. 8:15—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
By Betty Wickard Show: “Tailspin.” Where: Mars Theater. When: March 5-8. Wham! and Connie Bennett slaps Alice Faye on the other cheek! It’s a regular knock-down and drag out battle when the socialite aviatrix mixes it up with Trixie Lee (Alice Faye), famous woman speed flyer as a preview to their battle of the skies. Nancy Kelly is the third of the starring trio, and, although we did not like her in “Jesse James,” we freely admit that she is head and shoulders above the rest of the cast in “Tailspin.” Nancy does; some real acting 't^hen her husband has just crashed to his death and she soars up into the sky—“whither thou goest”—after him. La Bennett concedes the race to Alice Faye, but gets her man and a very handsome navy lieutenant at that. Charles Farrell pops up now and then as Trixie’s mechanic. Joan Davis steals every «cene in which
Classiiied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS Wed., March 8, 7:00 P. M. Si-udy Under a Nationally Known Instructor—Mr. P. M. Allen Graduate Chalit School, New York City, President Chicago National Association of Dancing Masters. To Experienced Dancers Enroll in Our New Advanced Class Thursday, March 9, 7:00 P. M. Learn the Latest Dances, including "The Chestnut Tree" INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL ALLEN ’ S 6th AND FERRY
she plays with her wry humor. The scene in which the inexperienced Joan makes a prize-winning parachute jump before the tragic dedths of “Speed,” and Lois Allen furnishes needed comedy relief. In only one scene is Miss Faye, one of Qur favorite glamour girls allowed to make‘use of hhr singing talent and she never displays her dancing ability, which seems like a waste of good material.
Eta Kappa Nn: Smoker Wednesday, March 8, at 7:30 p. m. In rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —KECK.
March 8, at 4 p. m.: WEH-S vs. Phi Mu, Alpha Xi Delta vs. WRH-N. ,-^BEIIdANN.
Sigma Delta Chi: There will be an important meeting Tuesday, March 7, at 7:80 p. m. in the Engineer office. —BAILEY.
Freshmen Squash Men: Meet at the courts Tuesday, March 7, at 7 p. m.; ladder play. —KNOLL.
Exponent Editorial, Sports, and Co-od Staffs: There will be a very important nieeting Wednesday, March 8, in the reception room of the Memorial‘d Union. Building at 4:16 p. m. —STANBAOK.
PI A Social Committed: All interested in working on tea dance committee come to PIA office any night from 4:00 to 6:80. —FOWLER,
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building, —MACK.
Intermediate Dance Class: First regular class will be held Tuesday, March 7, at 7:80 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —WELLS. NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 16 may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Poultry Club Members: uues are payable before Friday, March 10th. -JENKINS.
WAA Basketball: Games to be played Tuesday, March 7, at 6 p. m.: Kappa vs. Pi Phi, Theta vs. Ward 3. On Wednesday,
Playshop: The spring party wui be held Saturday, March 11, from 9 to 12 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. There ■will be dancing, skits, and refreshments. Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per couple. , —HETTEMA.
Independent Men: Anyone interested in participating in ward badminton, squash, or bowling sign up on respective blanks oii intramural bulletin board. (3-8) —MIDDLETON. ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 81 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in rpojsaXOl of the Mechanical Enjgineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. . —MESSBRSMITH.
Rifle Club: Short but important meeting at the Fieldhouse range Wednesday, March 8, at 7:30 p. m. All members and interested students are invited to , attend. —SMITH.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, March 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Poultry Building. —JENKINS.
Ail Union Workers; Meet in Ballroom Wednesday, March 8, at 4 p. m. Every worker is urged to be present. —HRUBY.
Catalyst Club: All members will be expected to attend the smoker. Wednesday, March' S, from 7:30 to 9 p. m. is the Union Ballroom. —CRAIG.
Student Co-operative Association: All students who wish to be considered for membership in co-operative houses next fall should attend the class in co-operatives Wednesday, March 8, at 8 p. m. at 436 State street. —McFADDEN.
All Debris Salesmen; immediately. (3-8)
Turn in salesbooks, —EDWARDS.
WAA Riflery: Practice schedule for Tuesday, March 7: freshmen at 7 p. m., sophomores at 7:16 p. m., juniors at 7:30 p. m., and seniors at 7:46 p. m. —SMITH.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal at 6:45 . m. Tuesday, March 7, in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Kappa Delta Rho fraternity pin. Call 6827, Donald Woodward. Reward.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER / Keys, Locks, General Re|Miring SKATf SHARPININO Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, ekxjr locks, desk locks, night latches and padtodu. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 282S
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Printing
• Jewelers
SS I^RINTING Office Stationery . , O 1 D/eddlns invitetloni ft total ^ ***** ‘ afiU CASSEL’S 408tERRy
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VAklSITY BOOT SHOP
The Grea t Wallendas the premier high wire artists of the world . . . and the TOP Combination for more smoking pleasure is can t-be-copiedblend) The sun never sets on Chesterfield’s pop- ’ ularity because Chesterfield combines ... blends together,, .the world’s best cigarette tobaccos in a way that’s different from any
other cigarette.
When you try them you will kno% why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure,,, why THEY SATISFY
. . the blend that canf be copied
• . . the RIGHT COMBINATION world's best cigarette tobaccos
V''