i d^
■' 1^ "' - fi'^'ij;*>; ' .f'• A-lji ' ’ 'f WiWm
I if^
AS
CmEGES REIECT
Ind-Qf-Year Draft Ej^erpptipn Plan
Eiitablished 1889
V^ilwhie 55, No. 47
IHirdire University;^ West Lafayette, Indiana
FIVE MORE DAYS Ontfl The Bucket Comes Home
Tuesday, November 17, 1942
High School Debalers' Conferehc^ ill Open On Campus Thursdbf
To Interview
f^ayshop To Give fiepeat Showing Of 'Jim Dandy' Friday, and Saturday evenings Playshop will give a return perfornmance of “Jim Dandy” at 8 in Eliza Fowler Hall. This play .by Saroyan was given during the past summer by the group and they are giving it again this week-end for the Navy Relief Fund. ' “Jim Dandy” has a somewhat surrealistic theme and has no definite'plot. It is centered about Jim Dandy and the people he meets in a public library. Helping to make the play quite different from the plays usually given by Playshop are a mixture of ordinary people, steps that lead nowhere, a revolving door and a semi-strip tease. Indiana Coed To Take Part Prof. P. E. Lull plays the lead, Jim Dandy, and it his contact with various characters in the library that introduces continuity of plot. Richard Kohls plays the part of the pessimist and Arthur Barab takes the role of the optimist. Betty Jane Mowry, now attending Indiana Univei’sity, is returning to take the same part in the play that she took this summer. George Hudson’s role is that of Jim Crow, Jim Dandy’s servant and Jeanne Nigg takes the part of the dancer. Larry Myers portrays the character of Johnny, the young man with one foot in the grave; the part of his son is played by Edward Clark and Jackie Schaup, who will alternate for the two nights. Grant Fieldep'and'Walt Neubauer will replace George Zissis and John Clark as crew heads. Other crew heads are Myer Evanson, Anne Bradley, Lee Fishback and Mary Osborne, Betty Gray will be stage manager. Tickets for the performance are fifty cents each. Season tickets accompanied by 25 cents will .also be accepted for gdmission. The tickets may be purchased at the Fowler Hall office. Little Fnternatiehal Livbsfock Show Will
litifial Meeting Of Student iegi$lative Assembly Will Open Conference A crowd of from 3.50 to 400 high school orat9rs is expected for the thirteenth annual high school Debaters’ Conference which will be held at the University on Thursday and Friday. This conference will feature a student legislative body patterned after the United States Legislature which will provide practical experience, in governmental procedures for the stu-
dents.
The two-day debate session will be devoted mainly to discus- — sioh of the high school debate
question for the year “Resolved, That a Federal World Government Should Be Established”. P. E. Lull, Professor of Speech in the University, is in charge of arrangements for the
occasion.
Schools To Select Representatives Each of the 45 schools expected to attend the conference is entitled
1} , ■ '’• Pcri^cmqcil Office Plans Schedule
Students To Hold Mammotl Beat Indiana' Pep Session
Today and tomorrow the joint Army - Navy - Maripe Corps - Coast Guard Recruiting Board will be at the University for the purpose of interviewing, selecting, and enlist-
Entire Week To Feature Victory Keyriote Of 'Sure We Can Beat 'em'
Little International Livestock will hold its twenty-ninth annual stock show tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the University livestock judging pavilion. This exhibit of champion breeds of beef cattle, horses, sheep and hogs is sponsored by the Hoof and Horn, agricultural
honorary.
All stock on exhibition will be judged at the International fatstock show in Chicago during December 1 to 4. The University has shown stock at the Chicago fair for
38 years.
Lea4 In Championships According to Prof. Gobble of the animal husbandry department. University steers ,hogs, and sheep have won a total of sixteen Grand Championships at the Chicago show. No other breeder or institution can equal this record. There will be no entrance fee and all students, townspeople and those from outlying districts are invited to attend. Members of the Hoof and Horn will prepare, exhibit and explain the animals. Pro/.f, V. Greenfield ... of the Modern Language Department; has just finished a new book, which appeared in October. This book, entitled An Outline of Spanish Grammar, is one of the series pf books on thirty-four different subjects, published by Barnes and Noble, New York. Each one of this series is designed primarily for the purpose of review; however since this Spanish grammar by, Prpf. Greenfield is divided into thirty-six lessons it will also be used as a textbook in the Spanish classes in the different colleges around the country. The governipent has given the okay and' several thousand books have.already been published.
Ruthenburg
Will Address
Engineers
Trustee To Speak Th is Morning At 10 Louis Ruthenburg, newest member of the Board of Trustees for the University, will address all senior engineers this morning at 10. The address, to be given in the lecture room of the electrical engineering building, will be one of a series in the lengineering administration course. Mr. Ruthenburg will speak on “Problems of Industry which the
Engineer Should Know.”
Mr. Ruthenburg, former University student and one of the most widely known in the industrial field, is president of the Indiana State Chamber of Commerce. He has had a long and successful cai-eer in the industrial field which began when he left Purdue after two years as a student here in the School of Me-
chanical Engineering.
Positions he has held include five years as manager of the E. C. Walker Manufacturing Co., LoUtfe" ville, Ky.; a year in Europe in metallurgical engineering and electric furnace development; ten years as a Dayton Engineering Laboratories executive; seven years as general manager of the Yellow Steel Valve Engine Works at East Mqline, 111.; hve years as president of Copeland Products, Inc., and since 1934 ho has served as president and general manager of Serval. He has been active in business and professional organizations and holds 'a professional degree m mechanical engineering from the
Univei’sity of Detroit.
Dean A. A. Potter, who will preside at the session, will introduce
Mr. Ruthenburg.
Science Seminar
By Becky Caylor
A gigantic all-University pep session to bring the “Beat In-
ing qualified students, according to diana” sentiment which has been simmering for a week to a
boil ''ill be held Friday night.
SeiTi’ce Command! ’ ° " Yellow BEAT mDIANA tags are being distributed to the
In order 'that there may be no de- students by the four campus booster organizations, and with Beveridge speech contest for fres-h-lay, a schedule of interviews has “Doc” Anderson keynoting the battle with his “Sure we can men, which were held last Thur
Frosh To Hold Speech Finals
Tomorrow
In the preliminaries of the
A last minute surge of entries in the Debate Conference has created an urgent demand for rooms for both girls and boys. All townspeople, fraternities, sororities, or rooming houses who can possibly provide rooms for Thursday night, November 19, are urged to call the Speech Office, phone 3802, as soon as possible to make arrangements. Approximately two hnudred rooms are needed and one dollar per person will be paid for these rooms. to one “Senator” in the student legtive assembly and a quota of “Representatives” apportioned among the schools according to their enrollment. For the two days, Fred H. Eichhorn, Chairman of the Indiana Public Service Commission, will preside over the sessions of the Student Senate, and James M. Knapp, SpeaKer of the House in the Indiana State Legislature, will serve for the Student House of Representatives. The conference wiii open officially Thursday morning with the initial session of the Student Legislative Assembly. The principal speakers at the opening session will be H. B. Allman, superintendent of schools at Muncie and Picsident of the Indiana State Teachers Association, and Dr. Clement T. Malan, State Superintendent of Public Instruction. Committee meetings of the “Senate” and “House” will be held in the (See DEBATE, page 4)
been prepared ' in the Personnel beat ’em”, the students are'beOffice in the Executive Building. Be- coming more aroused as the cause of the short time available at game draWS any one institution, only a limited number of enlistments cart be completed during the visit. Interviews \ Thf PGp ftihy will begin at are scheduled from "8' until 5 both 7:30 at the Union, and the days and those who have signed up crowd will parade out to Stuart in the Personnel Office for an inter- Field, led by the whole military view are to report in the conference band. The houses and Halls are room on the grojund floor of the asked to coopmate by having an Executive Building at their ap- early dinner, and members of Gold pointed time. Peppers will lead a “petticoat pa-
Activities Bureau Surveys
m Bureau To Give Student Interviews
day, six finalists were chosen as follows: Glen Tobias, James Ritter, Robert Dyer, Robert Guion, Maiio Pegliarulo, and Maurice Gohlrnan. Tomorrow evening at 7:30 in Fowler Hall these students will compete in the finals for the silver loving cup offered by the Hays Jewelry Company to the best speaker, and for the large loving cup awarded by the C. H. Ankeny Company to the organization with the best representation. This cup -wiil become the permanent possession of the first organization which wins
it three consecutive years.
Interviews Available rade” which will go to the different , ^qo students will be interStudents desiring to be enlisted I’Oi'ority houses and the Residence jjj g,, campus activities in the Army Enlisted Reserve order to insure the full at- ^y^-vey which begins today under
Corps unassigned at this time fundance of the coeds. guidance of the Student Activ- "I^^ges Not Announced should present themselves to the Speakers for the pep session will ities Bureau which is working in The topics chosen to be used in board with physical examination be the boys of the football team, cooperation with the Committee on fhu contest are “What Are Vv e and other required papers com- “Red” Mackey, and head coach the Coordination of Extra Cur- Fighting For?” and “College Stupleted, but juniors and seniors Elmer Burnham, who will pledge ricular Activities. This committee is fient and the Draft.” The judge.- forplanning to enter the Enlisted Re- themselves to put up a real fight headed by Dr. F. R. Eastwood of the the preliminaries were members of serve who have not completed their against Indiana. Since the whole department of physical education. the speech staff. Judges for the papers may have a chance to secure team will be pr-esent at the get- survey is designed to give fi*^^!® ’^ot yet been announced, an interview if time is available, together, it will be an excellent time committee on activities in- freshman men, organized or inApplications for t,he Enlisted Re- for the student body to show the formation concerning the number of dependent, were eligible for the serve unassigned can be obtained team that they have the full sup- gtmjents participating in activities ‘lo^teSt and the finalists chosen
Social Science Seminar will hold its third meeting tomoirow evening at 7:00, in Room 355 of the Union, The subject to be discussed at this meeting will be “Problems the Family Faces in Adjusting to War.” Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will be the speaker and chairman of the meeting will be Professor Cecelia Schuck. The usual dinner will be held in the Union Cafeteria at 0:00. Those attending are asked to biing their trays to the tables in the west cafe-
teria.
The Social Science Seminar Committee consists of R. W. Field, Cecelia Schuck, E, J, Sheppard, G. R. Thornton, and E. L. Butz, chairman. Potter, Hawkins To Attend ASME Meet University will be represented at the annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in New Yoi'k City, Nov. 30 to Dec, 4, by Dean A. A. Potter, head of the University schools' of engineering and former president of the organization, and Dr, G. A. Hawkins. Dean Potter will be one of the speakers on'the opening day with “Pride of America” as his Subject. On Thursday, Dec. 3, a paper will be presopted by W. L. Sibbitt, Dr. Hawkins, and Prof. II. L. Solberg on “The Dynamic Viscosity of Nitrogen.” Later the same day Prof. Solberg, Dr. Hawkins, J. T. Agnew, and Dean Potter will present another paper on “Gorl-osion of Unstressed Alloy-Steel Specimens by Steam at Temperatures up to 1800 F.”
Senior invitations and announcements for commencement will soon be jjlaced on sale at the three book stores. Formal invitations' made of white leather will be priced at 40 cents each, while cardboard invitations, 17 cents, and white cardboard
announcements, 5 cents. Committee Seeks Cooperation
Responsible for the necessary arrangements is a Student Senate committee under the direction of Russ Hardin. The committee has had to assure the engravers that a certain quota will bo reached, in order to get the above prices. For this reason all seniors are urged to buy as nrany invitations as possible irr order to insure the present pi'ices. The invitations, especially the leather ones, were very hard to obtain due to present conditions.
Seniors To Check Copies
Posted in the office of each department head in the various campus buildings will be dummy copies of each type of invitation and announcements. At that time all seniois are urged to bo sure to check over these copies for 4hcir individual names and report all corlections immediately to the Registrar’s office. Seniors are asked to read the Exponent to find the date when invitations may be ordered.
from Capt. Graham at the Armory Necessary papers and physical' examinations for enlistment in the Army Air Corps, Navy V-1 and V-7, and Marine Corps will bp considered by the Board. Application blanks for the Naval or Marine Corps Reserves can be obtained at the office of Dean W. A. Knapp in the Executive Building and for the Air4Iorps Reserve from Col. Hicks
m the Armoiy.
Independent Coeds To Discuss War Activities Tonight All independent coeds are asked to attend a mas.s meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union for the purpose of considering war time activities and re-
sponsibilities.
The functional physical fitness lirogram as it relates to University coeds at this time will bo the main topic of discussion. Professor Helen Hazelton of the Department of Physical Education for Women will discuss ways of increasing physical fitness in the national emergency while Dr. Bertha Rose of the Student Health Service will offer sug-g-estions on better health habits. IJSO Representative To Speak Mrs. Melvin Taube, director of
port of the eds and coeds in the (See PEP SESSION, page 4)
lymnt
the good they are getting from automatically members of the them, and the ways in which they U-eshman debate squad, can be improved or modified to give Formerly called the Ankeny Conthem a definite place in the war test, the Beveridge Contest has effort. been held sixteen years to promote Activties Bureau Workers, under interest in speech work and to offer the direction of Bill Reckman, ^n opportunity for students and junior manager, will interview 700 organizations to win suitable students chosen proportionally Uophies and recognition in speech
from the various schools on the ability-
campus. Those chosen for inter-
Sixteenth annual informal din- views will be notified by postal card, ner honoring seniors in the agri- Hockman stressed the importance of cultuial school was attended last reporting to the Activities Bureau night by approximately 350 seniors, effiec on the date specified on the faculty members and alumni. J. eard. The length of time required Ralph Thompson, ’19 ag, and mem- interview is only a few min-
ber of the University Board of rites.
Trustees, was the main speaker for The interviews will include questhe occasion. His subject was en- tioiis designed to discover the numtitled “The Path Ahead.” her of hours spent on activities by Toastpiaster for the evening was the students, the specific benefits of Roscoe Fraser, of the horticultural an activity, and outside work done
extension department. Prof. H. W. by the students.
Gregory, head of the dairy depart- Other questions will ask student ment speaking for the faculty, wel- opinions concerning curtailment of coined the seniors. Response for the activities during the war emerseniors was made by Howard gency, substitution of specific war Diesslin, editor of the Agriculturist, work for activties, limitation of 225 pounds of fish were served hours spent each week on activties, at the dinner by the members of and the effect that curtailment of the Jonah Club. The purpose of the time spent on activties might have club is in their own words, “To on the time students spend in study, avenge Jonah ... if we’d been there, ' ^ , Jonah would eaten the whale, in- Jq AuCtlOn
Gas Rationing Registration All officers, faculty or employees of the University ■will register for gas rationing from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. tomorrow, Thursday and Fridaj in the main lobby of the Executive Building. The registration v, ill be under the direction of the University Committee assigned to take care of gas rationing. Students will not register at this place, but must file their registration at a loca! school or official registration center.
Pan-Hell Group Will
lU Game's Football
stead of vice-versa.”
Honorary Members Elected During the evening, V. C. Free-
man, Associate Dean of the School
rccieation at the USO center, will of Agriculture; Elmer Burnham, pQf W3r BoodS
emphasize the part that University head football coach; K. I. Fawcett,
women can fill in the recreational hordcultural extension school; a-id Football used in the Boilerprogram of the service men. To- Paul Moffett of Indianapolis were makers’ game with Indiana will be night’s meeting is the first time in- made honorary members of the given away Satuiday. The Reamer
dependent coeds haVe met together Jonah club. Group singing was led Club has announced that the foot- plained at this meeting and the foland they are urged to take ad- by A1 Stewart, director of Univei- ball which will be used in the classic lowing chairmen wdl be introduced:
All women students who are interested in being rushed iu January must attend the Pan-Hellenic Council meeting Wednesday afternoon at 4 in the Faculty Lounge of the
Union building.
Rules lor rushing w ill be ex-
vantage of the opportunity.
sity Musical Organizations.
iges
tilt will be awarded to the person Chi Omega, Frances Thompson; Pi who buys the most war bonds in a Beta Phi, Betty Ward: Kappa bond contest \#hich is being held Alpha Theta, Ginny Lee McDonald now. and Janet Gl'atz; Alpha Chi Omega, Prospective buyers have been Josephine Regncll; Phi Mu, Louise contacted in an effort to increase Siler; Delta Gamma, Mary Ann bond sales and whip, up the en- Click; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Jean thusiasm for the game. Yahres; and Alpha Xi Delta, MilSeveral offers for the football dred Kitley.
ring
of Saturday’s game.
Office of War Information recently released the decision of have already been received and the
the Association of American Colleges, which met in a closed "'inner of the coveted football will "r n IfyUncff}/}
session October 2 in Philadelphia, in oi’der to discuss a proposal announced dining the half-time
urging Congress to defer draft-threatened students until the end of the academic year. The educators, representatives of 600 American college and universities, mostly liberal arts institutions, felt that the army
knew best about when and
where its manpower was need- study m uniform, receiving
Senior Engineers All senior engineers in both seventh and eighth terms are excused from classes 5for one hour beginning at 10:00 A. M., Tuesday, November 17th, in order to attend a lecture by Mr. Ruthenburg, recently appointed to the Board of Trustees. The lecture will be held in Room 129, EE Building.
ed most and turned down the Pay and subsistence during the
tour semester, year round training
proposal.
Attempting to bring the col- Program To Be Accelerated leges closer to the war effort, The Association also approved a the Association considered and ap- plan to speed up education at woinproved a plan for an enlisted train- en’s colleges w'hich have noPyet ining corps which provideg for the augurated accelerated programs. In placing of men over 17 with high the sports field the educators apschool education in colleges and uni- proved a proposal to confine interversities for specialized and officer collegiate matches to the last game training. Under this plan the Army of the season, and concentrate on and Navy would choose their candi- intramural contests during the rest dates foi the corps and the men of the year.
Carnegie-lll^nois Steel Representatives of CariiegielUinuis Steel Corporation, Chicago, HI., will be on the campus Monday and Tuesday, November 16 and 17, to interview senior engineers for operating and technical positions. They also have need for women who have majored in Chemistry or who have had at least two years of this subject. Arrangements for interviews can be made in the Personnel Office. Interested students should sign before Friday noon,
November 13. W. E. VOGLER,
Director of Personnel
. . . director gf information for the University,, has gone to Vincennes and Terre llaiite for a series of talks oil the war-program of the University. He will appear before the Vincennes Rotary Club today, before the Wabash Valley Purdue Alumni Club Wednesday evening, and the Torre Haute Kiwanis Club
Thursday.
YWCA
. .. members are invited to attend the weekly fudge feed to be held every Wednesday afternoon in the YW office. Toys will be made at the meetings for Christmas gifts for the Cary Children’s Home. Shirley Whiteman is chairman in charge of the “feeds*”
m
■#|l'W2 v:^ ; ,i^ Exponent ^’t; -" , Tuesday, November 17, 1942
S:
Fliifdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial ind Puatiness Purdue Memorial Unibn>. Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone .2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. tn., 5377
K<iitor-in-Chit'f Novs Ktlilor , , ^*tn^lai;^np Ediinr.... Sports Editor Tll'foncss Mnnaprcr.: I’lic'l Editor
.—..John F. Amos Don T. Btophr ..John n. Armstrong Bphert L. nodley Kch K. GpOmte Alice Chiitfletd
Publication Staff
Associate Editors Editorial Staff: E. W. Ochciltree, A. Pi Hunter, W. E. Rafert, il. E. Hut:'., W. G. Hoskins,. R. W. Boswinkle, K. Roqucmore, S. \.Volf. . . • Sport.s Staff : I). E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shrycr, C.
Sinvard.s.
(Ved Staff: Siilly Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine
Ahrvii.s.
Business Staff
('erd Business Manager: Julia Martin.
AdviTtisinir Managers: J. M. "Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty.
Circulation Manager: C. H. Klouman. Acccunffi Manager: Trena Torrenga.
Junior.Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent EtV!tnr-';n-Chivf Ma'iaging Editor niTrintss Manager Cc'.-‘i Edifor Ail 1 eHising Manager Accounts Manager t irculation Manager
pave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwih Welbautn ,...Roberta Kessler Scott Brown .....George Paine ..Harold Hetldricks
Staff For This issue Night Editor; Richardson Sports Editor; Brewer D.-y Editor: Mann Issue Editor: Stephenson ikOpnncrs: Utmham, vSprek. Holland, Riggs* Baynes, Schiltz, 1,. ot.ph 111 ;)ii, Gclbcr. Ca.vlor, Porter, lIclfTrlch, Hahn, Haynes,
linlcv (He. ij> .'ind at rp'i.N at Poitlish*
•: second class matter at the post ofTice in Lafayj. under .the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, sipccia! rate of postage provided for in section October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Tuesday. Thursdny, Friday and Sunday morningB .^'.ar. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a on for two semesters; by mail, for $2.00 for a $3.50 for two semesters, et-tcr ; mailed subscription -$1.50. (1 for national advertising by National Advertisliic.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 New, York, N. Y.
'Sighted Hoosiers, Sank Same’ llumor has it that a highly confident team of players is planning a mass invasion from down Bloomington way some time this week. The Cream and Crimson, who play better ericket than they do football, will probably tiike Purdue like Hitler took Moscow. ' Andwe seem to have a few fifth-columnists On the campus who are spreading untrue rum".r.s hinting otherwise. We are hereby issuing public statement to the effect that all of Ijic.-'c I’Limors are untrue. The Boilermakers won’t lose, with the complete backing of the student body that they are going to get. Saturday’s Michigan State tilt and last week’s Great Lakes game were perfect exarniiles of what happens to a good team when tliey lose the spirit that instills them to fight. With: student support, we would have won that game at East Lansing. The very reason ih.at Icit us on the wrong end of the score at ]\lichigan State will bring back the bucket to ji ■ rightful resting place on our campus. The Riveters are capable of putting up a whale of a battle and playing real football. V, i!.u;. ,sses of the Northwestern game will testii'y Ih.it a high-spirited confident team of L’eilcrrnakers can match their football prow- (■ ■ • with any gmod team and play fighting, v.-iisning football. . Saturday, the Boilermakers will play that j'ghting, winning brand of football with all kinds of spirit and plenty of support from the .stands. The battle-cry of the week will be ’“BEAT lU” and the football team’s reply on Saturday will be "Sighted Hoosiers, sank same’’. All week long the Reamer and Gimlet Clubs '.vill distribute victory badges . . . wear one. Fraternities are urged to display "Beat lU” .'■'igii.s. . . . Let’s see them. Pass along the iritlle cry and quell those fifth column rumors. And Saturday let’s make the stands shake with the biggest victory howl ever to issue Jorth in Ross-Ade Stadium. The Cream and f.h’imson will retreat to Bloomington howling a different story.—s.b.w.
Aviaf-ion Cadet- Jan Carter
lia.s been commissioned an Ensign iii the U. S. ival J’esei ve. Ensign Carter, a former student at e Uiii\'ei-.'-it,v, has completed a course of training the j\'aval Ail' Station, Pensacola, Fla., where he
r an lii,s training Api'il 30, 1942.
St It, Gusta vus Ed wa rd B ru ington . j....^^urt)nu.s .of the University, has been stationed t ilie South Plains Army Flying School, Lubbock, i :;. Lt. iii uinglon was a Pi Kappa Phi and he reived Ids BSA in 1940. He is now a student officer 1 he lai ge .school where the Army Air Force is traing advanced .students to fly*gliders. He was stationed n.owrj: Field and at Sheppard Field before going to kouUi Plains Aimy Flying School.
Thomas R. Tipton . . University alumnus, has received his wings and a Vommis.^ion as a second lieutenant in the Army Air 1 ojcc at tlie graduation ceremonies held last Tuesday at Speiice I'^ield, Moultrie, Ga. u Melson S. Hill ' . . , former student of the University, was recently commi.ssioiied a second lieutenant in the Army Air Force at Turner Field, Albany, Ga.
, i« lu, u s P.l OK MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Small WeSt Points Siisgested Fpr Training 18-19 Praftees; Army's Mail Lands In Africa WASHINGTON—U. S. experts who have studied the successes and shortcomings of the British army find that its greatest defect is a dearth of good officers between the ages of 46 to 60. This is the age bracket from which commanding officer’s are di'awn, and a commanding officer can lose or win a battle. Reason for this deficiency is the fact that in 1914 the cream of Britain’s yonth went singjfi!| to battle, to be slaughtered in Flanders Fields. It is estimated that a good part of one generation was wiped out in those early days of the last war. Now that our Congress has responded’ quickly and efficiently to the national need by voting the ’teenage draft act, some Army leaders believe that the Army should reciprocate the trust that has been placed in its hands by working out a carefuT system for thorough training of these 18-19 year olds. , Thefi; is unanimity, of opinion in the Army and also on Capitol Hill that it would have been a mistake to have tied the War bepartment’s hands regarding the exact time necessary to train these men for battle. But now that a vote of confidence has been given the Army, there is increasing opinion among high Army leaders that the Army must be extremely careful not to violate that confidenc. As a result, various plans have been advanced whereby the 18-19 year olds would be traiined as a group unit, not mixed with older men and sent off to battle in three or four months. In England, the British Army has adopted, the system of training its younger men in one group. This, it has been found, gives more esprit de corps, and increases fighting efficiency when the group finally gets into-action. • Miniature West Points One provisional plan at first proposed by some Army men was to draft the 18-19 year olds immediately. Then out of the total of about 1,500,00 men, some 6O,O0O to 80,000 would be sent back to the collegls to get more training to become officers. Now, however, it is being urged that instead of keeping this small group of 60-80,000 men in the colleges, the entire 1,500,000 be given a tough military, semi-educational training, using the physical equipment of the colleges and perhaps some of the high schools. At present the colleges and universities face a serious crisis. The 20, 21 and 22-year-old men have left, and now without the 18 and 19-year-olds the colleges will be almost empty, except for women. Therefore, it has been proposed that the colleges be used in the sanie manner the Air Corps is using hotels in Miami, Chicago and other cities. Housing an army is one of its biggest problems. New buildings require strategic materials, labor and part of the army’s own personnel. The fewer men required for housekeeping, the more effective an army is. That is why the physical equipment of the colleges, now partially unused, could' effect such a great saving. One plan would be to make each college virtually a short-term West Point, in which the 18-19 year olds would, get a thorough military training, plus as much academic training as possible. This would mean not only improving this age group for actual combat, but also preparing the next generation for better leadership after the war. • Nazi Army Training The period of training proposed by some Army leaders is one year. But if a crisis in the war should arise before that time, whereby the men were needed at the front, the miniature West Point course could terminate. Those who propose this far-sighted plan probably are in minority among Army leaders at present. Some of the more conservative generals favor throwing the boys into the ranks more or less indiscriminately. However, it has been pointed out that there is nothing more demoralizing than bringing men into the Army, then keeping them marking time, never getting a chance to fight, and with no clear picture of what the war is all about. If not handled carefully the 18-19 year olds may fall into this category. Meanwhile^ it is urged by Army training specialists that the youngsters can help win the war sooner if they have been, given the same kind of thorougli training received by the bulk of the German army. For the average German sergeant during the first year of the war was better trained than the average lieutenant in the British or American armies. • Capital Chaff Tears streamed down the face of crusading Senator George Norris when he was defeated after forty years in Congress. But now that he has been reading the flood of complimentai’y letters received from all over the country he is glad he made the race. “If I hadn’t run again,” says Norris, “I never would have known what people thought of me.” . . . Senator Tom Gonnally of Texas diag'noses the recent election this way: “The Democrats who opposed Roosevelt got re-elect-ed. And'the Republicans who supported Roosevelt got re-elected. It must pay to be independent.” Senator Jim Mead of New York complains to colleagues: “I was the President’s fall guy when he wanted me to run for governor of New York, though I didn’t want to run. And now he lets Leon Henderson appoint a Republican as OPA director in Buffalo, my own home town.” . . . Ambassador Joe Davies and wife will go out to Hollywood to start the screening of his book “Mission to Moscow” by Warner Brothers. Walter Huston will play the part of Ambassador Davies, and Warners would like to have statuesque Mrs. Davies play the part of herself. • U. S. Post Office In Africa ■Uncle Sam’s army is leaving nothing undone to see that the mail iruin makes deliveries to U. S. forces abroad. Believe it or not, but when the U. S. African Expeditionary Force landed, a unit of the Army postal corps was right in the vanguard. Immediately it got ashore, it set up facilities for handling mail. As the troops fanned out toward Tunis, the postal corps fanned out with them, and will be augmented by more men later. So you can begin writing to the mon overseas right now. 'riiis is the first time in history that a postal service lias gone ashore with landing troops. The service was organized fi’om post men recommended to Gen. Jim Ulio by Postmaster General Frank Walker. Brig. Gen. Clayton Adams is the guiding genius. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicjite, Inc.)
Out Of The War^drdim
Tt isn’t that cold in here, Elmer!—Take off those ear muffs and listen to what Fm saying 1- -■
University Calendar Tuesday, November 17
2:30 P.M. Pur. Worn. Club Guest Day & Tea..South Ballroom, Union 7:00 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega... Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M. Military Ball Committee ....;.......E. W. Rccep. Rms, Union 7:30 P.M. Co! Home Eco. Teachers Room 261, Union 7:30 P.M. PUrdue Forestry Club..!.... Auditorium, Hort. Bldg. 7:30 P.M. Christian Science Meeting .Room 303, Union 7:30 P.M. Agr. JJhomistry Society.,.. Room 305, Union
By June Hafdy ;■
A’fler Friday night’s coming out, duds'seem dull-r-^^hope, tajn’F die®-", That’d be a slam. ' . Try again. Sunday fashions emerge from hey-d'ey of Friday night. ■ Sounds pretty silly,'too. ' !"',,! ! • ;,'i. Once again. Womanhood still wears clothes; hoticed theni last Sunday - non. How’s that? What ya griping about? Look'vVho htis to go through all that agony beginning each week. > , y ■ ,! It’s all in a day’s run, though, and bucketg of fun. Between growls on Wood Hall’s Sunday noon steak, managed to^stafe fibridishly.at Senior Mary Jane Anderson’s hard-to-describe brown crepe. ; (Bet I go ■ WR(i.' before this is pictured). The coral and" blue design Of Tight .weight, WO()l . was embroidered in a design carrying in wonderful taste from the.%ck; shoulders to the front yoke then down the fronf pane). Separate frbrti the dress, the yoke edge was scalloped and had a high round neck slashed down the front held by two buttons. Sleeves carried flut the sant'ie idOR with embroidery, 'rliere’s more to tell here, but I’m lost. ■ ■ i iYummy watermelon red (to cut out the pi’attle,. that’s a pink and red mixture') was the color of Freshman Norina Hill’s wool crepe. .’ThgsiiVi'plb . round neck yielded the spotlight to the semi-big 'wool bows .that. WiBte caught on each top front side. A hip length line seamed around aitd camO .. curving up to the waist in front with skirt fullness falling 'from. thiS,.’-, Waistliiie marked by a gold tiimmed belt. Whole thing yei’y Sundajf: dinnerish. '!, ' !," Ginny Heekart, juiuor, liostessed. wearing her siidzzy''smOkb-bliiCy gabardine suit. Ttiildvin.g to the ntli degree included Ipiig wedge shaped flaps extending from the sbouklcr seam to crafty diagonally jogged pockets. Ideal w'ith the suit, she pinned a sterling silyer wo.rkfi.d. pip! oh the right shoulder, and snapped on .matching car-bobs. y '1. Here’s another of those made-it-myself-ers; this tinie it was Rptfi Klausing, sophomorO: Her print was neck and neck with the jainbo^i red, blue, yellow, black, white and probably a little of purple petunia and pink posie. No matter w'hat, it’s right Up in the running with its modi-, iicd Dolmans. (And for goodness sakes, if you don’t know what that means, look it up). Quote, Miss W., (Nothing and Textiles, 26, Unquote. . ... 'Pho neck had a long rolled collar held by a silver button. HCv Parsons, sophomore, was plaided in her Highland Fling light wool nuunel ronsf-about. Red grosgrain and buttons composed the neck to hem front fly, with a round tiny bahy'collar at the neck. Grosgrain tunneled through (he inset belt and shirred in extra fullness by bowing in the front. Bev wore black suede heeless pumps with this.! Should wear this more often, Bev, it passed the board 10 to 0.
cJ^ooLm^ ^^rooincl By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
The Senate defen.se investigating committee is starting to stir things up on the labor-management front in Washington. The committee has recommended the adoption of ;.a 48-hour week with overtime being paid at the prevailing rate of 1942 in government war bonds. This group has also rapped the War Manpower Commission for ^— ^ having failed to formulate a that the government in (iffeeb, pays national program for labor CO- f"'' the overtime of defense workcl's ordination after seven months non-war industries price of existence. It seems as if ^^l^iling. prionties and other restric-
tions make this impossible'.for these there are too many dollar .a year
Seniors Will Hear Matrriage Lect'isrc! All. seniors are invited to hear Dr. Thurman B. Rice, recelijtly appointed state health coi'nmissioner, who will .speak tomorrow evcnin,g at 7:30 in room 103 of the new Physics Building. His suliject will be “Tl\e . Biological Approach to
Marriage.”,
Prciy H. E. Wilkening, assistant dean of inen, who arranges for outside mieakers for the marriage coui'sci aiinouiic.ed that on December 2, Dr. l''i'aiikliii of Gary is scheduled to speak on “Mental Hygiene Aspebt of Marriage.”
PUy War Ponds And Stamps!
men in the capital who are 'worth all of their salary—and not a cent
more.
A 48-hour week with overtime paid in war bonds would, for the duration, not only help the war effort by producing more finished liioducts and helping buy .them but also it would hch) pi'pvent inflalion. Non-war iiidusti ics'are Ihou^-lit 'to have the liest of the bargain in the event of this talk’bc'coming legislation because it only ha.s to.pay regular time for all, .oyerlime worked over the usual luiiubei- of overtime hours. It is pdfii'ted' out, however,
6bt) Mills Studio ( Distinctive''Porlraitu're ) 205 East State Phone .341.3
All of this is still just strong talk and suggestfbn in Washington, however, let’s hope some of it will seep out over the rest of the country as an actuality before long and show the public that the WMC is waking from its lethargy and at last rolling up'its sleeves.
TODAY AND TOMORROW ~ DOUBLE FEATURE Torchy-—Torrid! ^ MARGIE HART . Turris on the Heat in this - Tantalizing Tropical RomaniP:!/!' ■LURE OF ISLANDS
with Robert Lowery - G
The'Rise and-Fall of a<ll<Gang , Lord and His Lady'!--THE BIG SHOT with HUMPHREY IRENE MANNING
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS lluiversily Book Store
‘K(Mr* Siuninoiis *29
“Doc** Eppic *40
l4F4y£T« ...
LUMA
TODAY nd TOMORROW
GARSON • PIDGEON Directed by William Wyler • Produeeil by Sidney Friiitilln MRS. MINIVRR with Teresa Wright - Dame May Whitly, Reginald Owen • Henry Tjayers Richard Ney • Henry Wvlcgxon A William Wyler Production Based on Jan Struther's Noy^’ ScroenPlayby ■ />rJV' ArthurWimper. George Froeaohel, James Hilton and Claudine West \
‘Hi. Recognize me? I'm one of |/ your fcrowd. You see, I speck for Coca-Cola, known, loo, cs Coke. I speak for both. They mean the same thing. The gang say I look just like Coke tastes. And you can’f get that delicious and refreshing taste this side of Coca-Cola. Nobody else can duplicate It."
BOTTIED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY Coca Cola Bottling Co., of Lafayette, llid., at 6th and Salem Sts.
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
IT'S SINGTIMEi’lT'S SWJNGiTIME! IT'S SPRINGTIME!
BETTY GRABLE • JOHN PAYNE, iii il CARMEN MIRANDA HARRY JAMES « usic‘makciisj
ROCKIES
V IV 1^ > -■„4'-'A’/'«' - 'f. ' ■ , ' ^u^eda^y^iMovember IT; 1942
/ ^ ^
. / A-,' ^
Boilermaker Sports
Squad, Staff Prime For Hoosiers
Meet Bo
I ' > i i
By Jack Halstead
INDIANA CAN BE BEATEN! The Hoosiers are only hui^hH, I'fiey suffer bruises and hurts, are subject to hard body blocks, .fjBill hard when hit with a good driving tackle, wince when ieMeil to the feround by a roUgh-running ball carrier. 1;. So -Either Burnham thinks. So thinks Red Mackey. So thinks. Bob .Woodworth, Boilermaker athletic propagandist. Sp, THtNKS !rttE WHOLE
STUDENT BODY!
iYOiStOrday,, after making a poor showing against an inj^ryiriddled Michigan State fooibhll s<ju^d, .the BoilermakjOi* Varsity faced* the grim task
li6s jbfefotc it this Satui-day
V «. that of f^urniitig the Old Oaken RUclf^t to dt's' ^ro|)er resting plac.
BlaclHhiaaitd Drill
, .Hjead Cdach, EJlni^r Bui’nham dis;tt1ssed the squad early in the after^iSon after a blackboard drill and informed it that if it expected to give the potential scoring Hoosier grid aby kind of competition it nwst “play football”. ‘^q,w^r, tbi&..;year. according ta poildl pidker coaches, the team has produced two good'ball games—the ji-1 loss to Pordham at the opening of the season, and the 7-6 win over the Northwestern Wildcats at Chi-
cago.
Still Plenty Of Fight F^om reports of individual team members, there is definitely plenty of fight and “zipper” left in the stjiuad. As series of tough, intensive drills tliis Week is expected to shape the quad for Saturday’s Ross-Ade clash. , The return of quarterback Bobby Jlajzyk^hard hitting defensive player,^ Will probably boost the power of jthfe squad, and it is hoped that 3 It , Cook, midget quarterback, Dick Barwegen, sophomore rd, would be ready to face the Hoosiers. Until Saturday every Boilermaker|will<be^keying for the most important, the only game of the sea-
IM Schedules The fdlldwing fi’aternities will play their first regular game of “A” Basketball Tuesday evening, Nov.
,17:
Court 1—Pilarski 7:00 Beta Theta Pi vs. Gamma Delta. , ' 7:16 Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Sig-
ma.
8:10 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa ' Ifau. 8:26 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Pi. Court 2—^Harry Swattz 7:00 Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7:16 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Chi. 8:10 Sigiiia Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:26 Theta Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 3—Dave Rodgers 7:00 Theta Xi vs^Beta Sigma Psi. 7:16 Theta Chi vs. Acacia. 8:10 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8-:26 -Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Prepare For Saturday’s Communique Seeks Third
O B. B.b ^Straight Bucket Victory
Today we want to clarify a couple of situations that have been growing
rapidly worse with the'steady decline of Boilermaker football hopes. We By Bob Krieger ' want to point out whose football tCam that is that has been out there _ t, ..... v taking it on the chin. We want to call on everyone of the 6000-odd Boil- Seeking their third straight Old Oaken Bucket ermakers in the University tq get behind the team in this last game of the Coach Bo McMillin’s Hoosier eleven Will enter next Satuf aE^ & 1942 season. ^ , / fray with a record of five victories and three defeats for file Saturday will mark thfe last-game that the present seniors and most current season’s grid competition, ' ^
The following Cary Hall “A” Basketball games will be played Wed-
nesday evening: Court 1—Benz
7:00 Unit 4 vs. Unit 7. 7:16 Unit 3 vs. Unit 6. 8:10 Unit 2 vs. Unit 6.
8:26
so^! t-
Bo McMillin, Indiana Coach
The following Ward “A” Basketball games will be played Wednesday evening, Nov. 18:
Court 1—Benz
Ward 24 vs. Ward 26. Court 2—Eddy Jones Ward 26 vs. Ward 27. Ward 28 vs. Ward 29. Ward 30 vs. Navy. Ward 2A vs. Ward 3. Court 3—D. V. MeVey Ward 5 vs. Ward 2B. Ward 6B vs. Ward 9.
Ward 6A vs. 6C.
Ward lOA vs. Waid llA.
7:00 7:16 8:10 8:26
Pulverize Indiana!
of the juniors will view as tmder^rattuates. With transportation and manpower conditions as they aire, it may well mark the exodus of
football from Ross-A4e Stadium for the duration.
The Boilermakers are skidding along toward the end of one of the most disastrous football 9eaSQi)s on the record books. The Riveter grid machine has clicked in only aBout two games all fall, and right now the figures' stand at one loneljr win in the midst of seven losses. There’s nothing very spectacular’ to’ bV 'seen, by looking back over the season. But the season isn’t over yet. Thei-e is a little matter of a gang of Hoosiers coming up ftom Bloomington Saturday, with a pretty fair season record, a pretty good set of backs, some power, some
speed . .. and the “Old Oaken Bucket.”
A lot of people arouttd ihis University have forgotten that it just isn’t customery to concede anything to Indiana. The “Beat lU” tags that have appeared are greeted by some with a ^sarcastic comment on the campus. The spirit of the students has been headed for rock bottom for several weeks, just when the team, discouraged at week after week of an unsuccessful campaign, really heeds a vot of confidence on the part of those
thatthey have been taking weekly trimmings for.
That gang of BoilermakerSjjia^ jplay football—don’t make any mistake about that. In several departments they haven’t measured up to their opponents so far, but fighting mad and equipped with some responsibility and confidenccf-they can make it a warm November Saturday for the downstaters;. Playing as they have been, and exhorted only by those ^^ijrfgliyl^ up in the second row from the top in section 21, the Riveters will be Headed for their third successive de-
feat by the Hoosiers.
A capital offense that rumor says has been committed hereabouts is the pondering of a student as to whether he should go home for the week end, catch up on some sleep, or drop m on the game for a while. In our estimation, that shoulcl be treated as high treason and cited as sufficient grounds for the presentation of the pondeied with a flat “D” in PEM 12. That team that meets Indiana Saturday represents every person in the University .,. not Athletic Director Red Mackey, Coach Elmer \ Durnham, Head Cheerleader Bruce Adams or any other individual.
we lose that game, the University, not just the team, will lose it. this yeai which will stand well over If those men tiot on the field this week, and fight the Hoosiers all the &ix feet tall as he has such veterans way, while the student body keeps Ross-Ade Stadium vibrating for the as Jack Swantz, Howard Hoffman 60 minutes and stays on the job backing the team, and we still lose . . . and A1 Menke, all over the six foot then we’ve lost an honorable fight. If the team enters the game licked level, besides his new sophomore rebefoie they stait because they haven’t the confidence of the University cruits Ed Ehleis and Jack Kennedy, and themselves . . . Purdue, to the last student, will have tossed the Without using sciimmage as a proverbial towel right out onto the 50-yard line. And that just isn’t be- means of practice for the past couple ign done. of weeks, Lambert has stressed funThe records-are cluttered with “underdog” triumphs in the Purdue- damentals such as working the ball lU series, and we could stand another one any time soon—as long as m, passing, diibbling, etc. Last it is next Saturday. night one team which was working The Boileimakers have nothing to lose in this game—a defeat won’t the ball into the basket was commaterially injuie then record, but a victory would mean the difference posed of Eddie Ehlers, South Bend
between a successful season and a near wash-out.
Unbend a little, Purdue! Cut loose with some of that Boilermaker spirit we’ve heard about. We aren’t tearing up that requistion dated 1942 made out for one bucket (oak) until the final gun, ending the
game.
Indiana started its season with a 53-0 slaughter of Butidr. When the Hoosiers faced Ohio State on the following SAtttrl&:;|r
...... . afternoon, their Big Nine ord immediately went in-
red, as the mighty powerhouse rolled to a
triumph. Then the Cream and Crimson staged a comeliacic and proceeded to score a 12-0 triumph over Nebraska’s Comhuskei'.-i and a 19-7 victory over a Pitt team which is a far cry from the powerful elevens which used to play in the Smokey City before “.loclt” Sutherland moved out to coach the Brook-
lyn Dodgers in the pro loop.
Piggy Drills Team For Curtain Raiser With Little Giants
#
With just a little over three weeks remaining before the first home game of the coming basketball season, which is
against the Little Giants from Hawkeyes Beat ’Em
Wabash on December 10, Pig- When the Hoosiers resumed congy Lambert’s cagers continued Terence competition following tilis
preparing for the contest by
working on fundamentals. Setting up plays was the
highlight of the evening’s workout as the team conditioned on the frosh floor in the Fieldhouse. This will probably be the last week that they will practice upstairs as the big floor will be laid down in the Fieldhouse the first of next week.
Possibly A Six Foot Team Coach Piggy Lambert, if he
pair of victories, they fell by Die wayside once again, as Coach Eddie Anderson’s Iowa eleven scored a i413 win. Then came a game .with Bernie Bierman’s Iowa Pre-flight eleven, and once again the HoOsiera came out on the short end by a adore
of 26-6.
Hoosiers Stop Gophers ' ' When Indiana pulled out of MiHreapolis, there was plenty of joy in the Hoosier camp because the Cream and Crimson had just scored a 7-0
desires, can put a team on the floor upset triumph over the Goideh
Gophers. This victory was doubly sweet for the Hoosiers since it marked the first time that Minnesota had been whitewashed on-their home field since Harry Newman booted a field goal to give Michigan a 3-0 win over the Gophers bkckin 1932. Last Saturday Indiana bdat a hapless Kansas State eleven to the tune of 54-0. This was the largest score which had ever been rolle'd up by an Indiana team at Bloomington since Memorial Stadium was
dedicated back in 1925.
Looking back over Indiana’s record for conference compeition only.
Central; A1 Menke, letter winner from last season; Rudy Witsman,
sophomore; Duffy Friend, a junior, we find that they have engaged m and Jack Kennedy, another sopho- three contests, winning one and los-
\
LOOSE SOMETHING? IF YOU DID., I THERE’S STILL SOME HOPE ADVERTISE In the Classified Ads of the EXPONENT
It’s the surest way to find anything because everyone , reads THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Badgers Face Gophers In Oldest Unbroken Rivalry; Sellout Madison, Wis.—The oldest unbroken football rivalry in the Middle West, and one of the oldest in American football history, will be renewed in historic Camp Randall stadium here next Saturday afternobn when the Golden Gophers of Minnesota and the Fighting Badgers of Wisconsin clash in the 52nd renewal of their,long gridiron feud which started ’way back football fans will fill the Badin 1890. ' - ger stadium to capacity at Forty-five thousand “lucky” kick-off time. The game, annually
a 1 ccord-breaker in point of thrills pel minute of playing time, has already broken one Badger record. With all 45,000 tickets sold nearly two weeks before game time, it is
more.
Against the above congregation. Max Biggs, a Lafayette freshman, who will be eligible in December; Ed Jones, a sophomore; Tom Browei, another frosh who will soon become eligible for varsity competition; Don MeVey, a sophomore, and Bob Myers, also a sophomore, opposed the othei five and tried to keep them from scoiing. Howaid Hoffman, a varsity letteiinan; Jack Swantz, varsity from last year, along with three sopho-
ing the remaining pair. During those games the Hoosiers have scored 41 points while their opponents made 46. Inidana has averaged 239 yards per game, 166 of these coming by rushing. Meanwhile the Hoosier defense has yielded an average of 300 yards per game, 216 of these by rushing. /;
Hillenbrand’s Hot Again
Once again, the spearhead of the Indiana attack is Billy Hillenbrand. The former Evansville flash wat^ tabbed as one of the finest backs
mores, Rex Anderson, Bob Biddle who has ever played in the Wfestem
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED BEGINNER'S. Wed., Nov. 18>J:0aP.M. advanced Thurs., Nov. ENROLL NOW ' ’ ALLEN’S SSt t'^ry
New under-arm Cream Deodarant Stops Perspirafipn
and Rico Montenero, helped to relieve the first five in their workout. With ffw experienced men in this group of basketeers, Coach Piggy Lambert has to spend more time in training his men in fundamentals. In past yeais there was usually a good share of the men experienced, but this year with only about four
the eaihest in Wisconsin football oi five men fiom last year’s varsity history that a home game has been squad, extra drill is needed,
a complete sell-out. Minnesota Holds Aces
The game will find the Badgers seeking some measure of levenge for a modem senes of setbacks at the hands of Minnesota which goes
all the way back to 1932.
For it was in that early year of the depiessing thirties that Wisconsin, with one of its giidiion immortals, the great Walter “Mickey” McGuire on its squad, downed the Gophers aftei a terrific battle, 20-13. In too many of the jears since, Minnesota has won by top-heavy scores, although there have been several hard-fought close ones, such as the 6-3 Gophei win of 1933. But as they giid foi this final game on
their 1942 schedule, Coach Haiiy Eowlin^
Conference before the «arrent grid campaign started, and Billy the Kid has more than lived up to bi‘< advance press notices. Against Kansas State, Hillenbrand only played 21 minutes, but even then he managed to score a touchdown, going 77 yards on a thrilling run dawn the
sidelines.
Hoosiers Biggest Game
Boilermaker followers may rest assured that Billy will be in fine fettle when he trots out on the turf of Ross-Ade Stadium for the annual Bucket battle with the Riveters. To the coaches of both schools, and to ' the thousands of football fans throughout the state, this represents THE game of the season. This is the game that each would rather win more than any other game of the season. With so nrach rivalry involved past performances medn
Mitchell Paces Indiana Win CHICAGO, Nov. 16—(Special to
the Purdue Exponent)—Earl Mitchell, fleet-footed Hoosier distance star, paced his teammates to their seventh official Big Ten cross country championship at Washing-
ton Park here this afternoon. , , ,
Turning in a time of 21:09.2 for
the four mile course, Mitchell, led the field all the way. Illinois placed second in the meet and Coach Hermon Phillips’ Boilermaker run-
ners finished third.
1. Does not lot dresses or men's shirts. Does not irritate shin. 2. No waiting to dry. Caii be used right after shaving- w>3m Instantly stops perspu^tion for 1 to 3 days.l>rCT^hts’fldor. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing eream. 5. Awarded Apptc^lpalAmerican Inscitutepfl^undering,;harmless tbrahrics. j,. ■■
ARRID
OQv Bnj a Jar todiiyat any Ilore selling O r toilgl goods (plso Ip 10^ and 59tiar*)j
Stuhldrcher’s boys have one particular score laiikling in their memoiies—that of last fall when they went down to a stinging 41-6 defeat at the hands of the Minnesota horde.
Ended In High Scores
With both teams ordinarily rated as high-powered offensive gridiron machines each year, Wisconsin-Min-nesota football games in the past 52 years have often ended in high scores for either oi both teams. Only five games in the long series have ended in ties, and only one of these ties was scoreless. Incidentally, it was that sioreless game ’of 1923, which inaugurated a series of thiee tie games between the two grid rivals, for in 1924 the battle ended in a 7-7 deadlock, and the 1926 game ended m an upusual 12-12 score.
Schedules
All Campus Bowling Tournament Wed., Nov. 18; Thurs., Nov. 19 Wednesday, 6:30 Sigma Nu-Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi-Theta Chi. Delta Chi-Alpha Gamma Rho. Phi Gamma Delta-Phi Kappa Tau. Wednesday, 8:45 Alpha Tau Omega-Hilltops. Triangle-Pi Kappa Alpha. Alpha Chi Rho-Theta Tau. Tau Kappa Epsiloii-Sigma Phi Epsilon. Pi Kappa Phi-Phi Kappa Sigma. Thursday, 6:30 Phi Sigma Kappa-Delta Upsilon. Sigma Pi-Lambda Chi Alpha.
in the conference standings, thiy will each be shooting the wo^ks ir an effort tp regain a measure oi prestige in the eyes of their highly partisan followers. Who will v he wearing the smile of victory whep the shadows settle over the cainpus next Saturday night? Will it be the likeable Elmer Burnham, or will it be the erstwhile member of Gentry College’s famed Praying Colonels. Bo McMillin ? Time alone will tell Gun Squads WdL Vie For Howifrxer Award Ten gun squads of the University ROTC have entered the Distinguished Howitzer Competition for the fall term. Each gun squad is composed of nine sophomores who are under the supervision of two junior cadet officers. The public is welcome to come to the Armory at 7:30 tomorrow evening to witnesn the competition. Bleachers will he provided for the comfort of all
spectators.
Hillenbrand-Who'sI?'
i f ni(i‘fJ'f‘
*<, i>-f'll4>4
S.%, ^ <
y’?" "f ™ P* >^yv» ■*< ' I
? -ir i J « y
f%r4'
Purdue Expand
Tuesday^ i/ammher JT^
\ r
0feen Potters Will Choose Sl^eh Leaders Nov. 24
By Bob Smeltzer Political fever will begin to lun high during the lattei pgrt of this week when the fieshmen will stoim the campus campaigning foi class officeis The fevei should top the aJJ-tinie records by 175 pei cent due to the fact that theie aie now thiee moie positions on the executive committee Previous to this seipestei, the boaid was composed of foui mem beis, but fiom now on the Gieen Potteis will be repiesented moie fully by a seven man boaid The committee will be made up of thiee oiganized and thiee unoiganized male fieshmen The ed leceiving the majoiity of the votes mil as sume the office of piesident of the freshman class Fieshmen planning to campaign foi office ma^ obtain then petitions foi $1 this afteinoon in the Student Senate office These petitions com plete with one hundred signatures of freshmen eds must be letuined to the office by 5 p m Fiiday Bitter Contest Expected With the chances of making the giade on the political fiont enlaiged such as they aie the Univeisity expects to see a moie bitteily con tested battle than evei befoie^Elec tions vill take place on Novembei 24 in the Union and eithei fiist oi second semestei fieshmen aie eh gible foi the offices Theie seems to be the pioveibial lull before the stoim among the freshies but theie is an authoii tative rumoi floating about that the clouds mil bin St aiound Wednes
day
Mud Throwing Expected As soon the candidates aie an nounced, the flood gates will open and the white heat of battle will commence We expect to see a mountain of mud tin own at beauti iul white fences and impoitant issues hei aided to the skies in a contest that mil make the Willkie Raoseielt fiee foi all look like a soothing tiopical bieeze The lesponsibilities of the foi tunate victois will be many and varied It will be then duty to con duct the affaiis of the fieshman class and to select the dates for the pot binning and the fieshman dance Thens will also be the le sponsibility of leading a class that IS at loose ends with itself fiom the unceitainty of the futuie Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp S Charleston W Va—No vembei 16 and 17 Carter Oil Companj Tulsa Okla homa—Noverabci 17 Interested in cngineeis and physicists Douglas Aircraft Corp Santa Monica Calif oinia—Novembei 17 Decembei and Apiil CE ME AE, EE Sci (must have Physics & Math) " Joint Recruiting Board—Aimy, Navy Maiine Coips Coast Guaid— Columbus Ohio—Nov 17 and 18 Carnegie Illinois Steel Corp , Chi cago 111 —November 16 and l^ Gulf Research & De\elopment Co Pittsbuigh Pa—Novembei 18 Boeing Aircraft Co Seattle, Washington—Noiembei 18 Merck &. Co Inc Rahwaj N J —Noiembei 18 Intel ested in ChE BS ME and PhD chemists Magnolia Petroleum Co, Dallas Texas—Noiembei 20 Intel ested in BS MS and PhD Chemists Holle> Carburetor Co Detioit Michigan—Novembei 25 Intel est ed in ME Sign in Peisonnel Office The National Defense Research Committee New Yoik Citi will have a icpicscntative on the cam pus Fiidaj Noicmbei 20 to mtei view Decembci ME and EE Sign in Peisonnel Office before Ihuisday noon Novembei 19
Pep Session (Continued from page 1) tilt Satuiday ‘ Miss Indiana” will attend the pep session in effigy and it is ex pected that she will meet a veiy waim fate in the bonfiie which will be piovided by the Skull and Cies cent boys The pep session will feature spe cial signs and banners made by the soioiities, fiateinities and co op houses which clamor for the Boilei makers to trim Indiana Something different in the way of pep displays will be put on by the various houses, when they decorate then lawns with plenty of spirited posters and dis
plays
The pep rally will wind up with a snake dance which will give the cheeiing students a chance to swaim alljovei the campus and mob the Union All of the eds and coeds aie urged to get one of the yellow BEAT INDIANA tags which are being given out now Those students who want to show then support of the Boilermakers, and have missed get ting a tag can do so the night of the pep session at the West Desk of the Union Everybody is asked to tuiii out for the rally and get squarely be hind the team because plenty of fight and the same spirit which won the Northwestern game can do it again If were going to beat In diana the student body will have to show the team the extra push that it takes to win against the Crimson To quote ‘Doc Anderson Sure we can beat ’em'” All we have to do is show the spirit
Tiffin To Address Management Society “Placement ard Promotion for War Production” will be the sub ject of an address bi Piof J Tiffin of the education and applied psy chology department t day before the dinner meeting of the society for Advancement of Management in
Chicago
Pi of Tiffin who has developed trade tests being used in Uniied States industry has conducted in dustrial leseaich studies in this field and will give i csults of hi'cxpeiiments conducted on and ofl the campus
Mud!ball hey there clarence i piobably wont have much time to write for a while 1 am building ail electric motor with a rubber ai mature so that when it i uns away it wont hurt itself —MUDBALL
Panhellenic
Classified Ads
announced the election of the following officers president Mar geiy Reddell Delta Gamma vice president Ruth Eriei Kappa Alpha Theta secitaiy Betty Hutchins, Alpha Chi Omega, and tieasuiei, Marilyn Jo Gardner Kappa Kappa Gamma *
Ceres
Debate
agricultural honoiaiy an nounces the initiation of the follow mg men C A Davis G W Stan E R Paullus D C Shelton E J Hageity F C Hess D C Burns W R Pope H S Wann J H Isaais D A Dalzell R C Jones and
D Right
E. Willard Shaw a University graduate of the class of 39 of the Forestry School is now in Tower Hall Chicago pie paring for the rank of Ensign in the Navy He visited the campus le cently while convalescm,, from an attack of pneumonia
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Money to loan on diamonds watches Runa luRgagc typewriters Albert s Loan Office
407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding MaenSnes ail makea oold rented repaired and purchased Mime* ograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2779 Carriers Wanted—Apply at Exponent Of hc6 or phono 30o3 Abk foj* Klouman I^st—K & r I og Log Duplex Slide Bulc Call Jeny Mooie 1834 Rewaid 1 ost—Tan in 1 white Cocl cr Spaniel p ip ] called Gingoi Phone 8026 Reward Wanted—St ulcnts tc work extra is wait eib No experience necesfairv Good pay Apply ElkbChb Frank Lenihan manager lost—White SM phirc ring with Chi OmegT ciebt in Union Saturday Nov 14
Navy Surpdn Exfilains Various S’ul^hl ilru'gs Lieutenant Beigo M D , surgeon at the Navy sick bay at the Univei sity, addressed a branch meeting of the American Pharipaceutrcal Association yestei day after noon He dis cussed sulfa dtugs of interest to the group, pointed out the specific uses of each of the sulfonamides and dis cussed the requirements of an effec tive sulfonamide drug At the business meeting, the foi lowing officeis for the next two se mestcis were elected President, R L Gordon, vice president, D W Raiding, secretary, Francis Vaughn, and tieasuieif L Book
wattei
YOUNG LADY for full time or minimum half time assistant bookkeep mg position Apply South worth s mornings
Notices
All ROTC Students New icgiilatjon con ccinin^. Makeup for absence fiom Mill tary classes is posted on Armory Bulletin Board All ROTC students should rcid thi regulation during their next hour in the Armory —GRAHAM
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
NaVy V-7 Juriiors and seniors who are nssenlblino papefe supporting their request foi enlistment ‘ ih V 7 who are under 21 Years of age mpst submit three copies of pdrenfs qdhsent properly tiotarized Copies of this fui m (Navy 400) may be obtained at my oSioe j —KNAPP All Male Students Enlistments in the Enlisted Reserve Corps of the Army closes on DecemJjei 31 1942 If yoi) desire to enlist and hive not yet applied your appli i^ation bbould be placed immediately m Room B4 hn the basement of the Armoty
—GRAHAM
Sept Oct Code Group Qualification Ccr Uficates may be obtained in the Supply Room in the Armory by those students of the Sevite'mber October Code Gioup that qualified at b w p m or better , —HESTERBERG Purdue Engineer Impoitant meeting of all senior and jiinioi stall membels Tuesday Nov 17 at 7 40 p m inlheilTiee —YOUNGBLOOD All Students There are still some Uni veisity Ltiiectoiies left As long iis ih ui Ply last any student who has not alieady obtained i eoty may get ne bv c lling It the Registrar a i Ifiee at d i resenting I is passpoit —RALPH B STONE Registrar Tau Beta Pi Impoitant meeting f r the election of members Th irstU y Nov 10 at 7 40 P tn 111 Last Fneully Lounge Ibis is a compulsory meeting and fines will bo levied for unexcustd absences —YOUNGBLOOD Sigma Delta Chi Pcldgcs Pleise yay m tration fee to me on or before Tuesday Nov 23 It will be impossible to initi te anyepe until he has paid —HADLEY Sigma Delta Chi Initiation and banquet Tuesday Nov 23 in Union Room and exact time will be announced later —ARMSTRONG Kqppa Psi Meeting of all members Tics day night room 302 of the Union at 40 p m —SANDLEBEN rraternity Presidents Turn in money foi community fund immediately —RIDLR
Omicron Nu ^ 4 p m In the Home Econom
Important mdetm|f lAdhV at
lies BWI
AWS Sixecutive nadetmg toUnfirrow at 4 p m in Aiys office ^ -s,GROLL Military Students One of three boys who left a coat in a cai in which they rode from near Lebanon to Lafayette on Sundav N v 8 may obtain his coat by Communicati^ with and identifying himself to Eolon E Deal 302 B Jefferson St Valparaiso Ind
—DEAL
Flying Club Important meeting toniifkt at 7 15 m room 302 of the Union Elections for treasurer will be held —CROW Military Ball Coromlttcc Meeting tonight at 7 30 p m in th<- mst receptiop roim of the Union —JACKSON niUcI Members There will've no rcgulm uijei lomi,ht Meet at ^*owIer_Hal^l
30 p m
-SIMON
SCA Board Theie will be a speeial mut in), tonight at 7 30 p m Very important m at r has c me up and immediate ht ird actu n IS necessary -■MOGAVEHO Union Board Meeting tonight at 7 40 --DEUSTER Student War Council Meeting Wednes ilav night Nov 18 at 7 16 in tire Student Union Office ■—DEUSTER WAA All girls interested rn council position get petitions from desk in WA/ Office immediately Petitions must he tin ned 111 to Gail Hennis by Sat Nov 21 ^ —hennis Eastern Star Coeds The West Lafayette C liaptei will entertain the Eastern Star Coeds Nov 24 at a special meeting Coed members call my office 6276 or home 61412 before that date —PARKS Newman Club Discussion group meeting at 7 40 p m tomorrow m the Union —JOHNSON Meredith Club Board Important meeting tonight at 1 p m in Home Economics Building —.VAUGHAN
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Natr Depai tment Blavr Knox Co Mnitinfa Feiir Ohio—Interest td in Naval OrJnantt Matti lal In qrcttois Sif,n n Peisonnel Office byluesdaj Novembei 17 1 airehitd Atiation Corp Jam ti ea N Y—Intel eeled in 'ML El Si{,n in Peisonnel Office b> Tues da\ Notembci 17 Pontiac Motoi Dn ision CMC Pontiae Michigan—ML C E Sign in Pel sonnel Office b\ Satui da\ No vtmbci 21 Aerpnea Aueialt Cor|M*ialion Middlelovn Ohio—ML AL Si^n in Ptisonnel Office bj Satuida\ Novembei 21 Joint Meteoiolqgieal Reeiuiting Board Uiuvcisitj of f liieagt Juniois and seniois ioi eouises in meteoioiogt 1 oi fuithei inloima turn inqiiiK at the Peisonnel Office
(Continued from pt^ge 1) afteinoon to consider bills prepared in idtance on five topics—-wai pro duction, finance military affairs school ptoblems and world organ
ization
Intercollegiate Debate Planned A Big Ten intercollegiate debate on the high school debate question between the University debateis and the Ohio State forensic squad will close the afteinoons pioceed mgs The annual conference ban quet in the evening will be followed by a special peifoimance of ‘ Cuel oos on the Health by the PI lyshop Fi iday will be spent in a continu ation of the sessions oi the Student Legislative Assembly ind practice debates During the morning high school teacheis debite diiectois and administrators will meet tor gioup discussion leathers To Hear Talks Leadei of the faculty discussion on ‘ How shall we adjust our hreh school programs to meet the de iiiands of the w ai situation ’ will be T R Tewksbury dneetoi ot de bate Wabash High School In addi tion the teacheis will be piesontecl a talk on The Administrator s Point of View by L H Caipentei piincipal of Wabash High School and heai a discussion of ‘Can Stu dent Speakeis Aid In the War I f fort' by Dr Bower Alj Umveisit) of Missouri Ralph M.Kriebel will give an illustiated lee tuie at the monthly meeting ol the Soil Science Society to be held at Lincoln Lodge at 6 oO next Wednes day evening His topip will be In diana s Changing Landscape Dm nei will be seived before the meet
Penalty Dates Novembei 2j and 27 are pen all) dates 1 hese dates lepipsent the 21 houi peiiod before and attei an aiithoiized recess Vn\ student who is absent tioin cla‘'Sts on eithei ot these two dates will he assessed a fee of kr 06 Iqi each da) oi (laetion fheieof niisred If a student feels If at he has a legitimate reason loi being absent on eithei oi both ol (he'-t davs and wishes to ask relief tioni the k5 Of) penalt) let he should put it III wilting and riiail it to the Dean ol Men before Novembei 27 \eibal statements will not he aeeepted —GQI D&MIIH
Ifyoutooktlietroubletouiiscramblethis ad—tbenyousbouldmakesureyour nextsliirtisanArrow.
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
For today!
No Rationing On Quality! With our experienced workers and, welheqnipped' cleaning plant, Crown is prepared to give you the highest quality dry cleaning service available. Every wool garment sent here to he dry cleaned is also mothproofed by the Monite Process—your protection against moth damage. — HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY — Grown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill — On the Corner
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
Notliing can beat a harmonizing Arrow shut, tic, and liandkeichicf ensemble—especially designed to be worn togetlici You’ll find your favorite collar style in a large assoitment of patterns and fabrics—and lies that everyone will admire.
Allow Shirts, $2.25 up Arrow Ties, $l up Arrow Handkerchiefs, 35c up * BUY W S WAR BONDS AfiiD SY^MPS -k ARROfF SHIRTS
TIES • COLLARS . HANPHERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS
WANTA TINKER? cquipmf vt all at EDGERTON HDW INC. E W VanMeter Pres
SHAVE HITLER SAVE AMERICA bun
WAR iTAMP;
'SjuUImX. Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
< 5