. ■'*. y>jii-4-i ■'
$i'
Sports I Red Carter, J6hn Petty Shelved With Injuries I
EdffflKriaf .,
Hitler's Still UiiflM| A Double tifo^ vk
'■ Jg. «■ V/*is ' r i X VSV( I
* 1;7jf' .
'hr>
f ’
■« * 4' ?'!''S
Volume 53, No. 26
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 7# IM
Invitational Teas Today Attending informal invitational parties at the individual sorority houses this afternoon from 4 to 5:30, the University’s
freshmen coeds continue first semester rush.
Tomorrow morning the girls will receive dinner invitations to formal dinners tomorrow, Thursday and Friday. Town girls
can get their invitations at the pan
|)aily 1
Sorority Rushees Attend Are We Defeatist? IJiiiV^l^sitv EnrollmGIlt Fslll
^ ^ ___ ^ Editor’s Note; This editorial is reprinted from the Indiana baily Stu- ^ g
dent, as np informal communique from the enemy camp.' j
392 Below Last Year; Dro|| Much Less Than Anticipated
hellenic office from 7 to 10 a.m. Hall girls will receive their bids in their mail boxes. All acceptances must be returned to the panhellenic office before 1 p.m. tomorrow. Committee Picks Days Each girl is to accept three invitations. The panhellenic committee will assign the days. The dinners will be from 5:30 to 8 in the even-
ing.
Following the Friday dinners, the coeds will meet in the Union to sign their preference cards. Pledging will not take place until after 3 p.m. Saturday afternoon, j.j. All PEW Classes Must Attend Health Lecture Prof. Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, stated that ninety-three freshman coeds have varying degrees of ring-worm, commonly known as athlete’s foot. As a result, the department is requiring all women students enrolled in physical education classes to attend lectures on either Thursday, Oct. 9, at 4 p. m. or Friday, Oct. 10, at 3 p. m. Dr. Rose of the student health service will be the speaker. All heads of resident groups are encouraged to attend, c.j.w.
Tickets
4/A4f
. . . student chapter of mining
and metallurgical engineers, will meet Thursday evening at 7:30 in room 263 of the Union. Purpose of the meeting is to elect a new treasurer. James A. Stai-key, president, requests that all members bring
their dues to this meeting. American Foresters Hold Annual Meeting Central States section of the So-
ciety of American Foresters will hold its annual meeting at Cumberland Falls, Kentucky, on October 9, 10, and 11. Professois E. R. Maitell,
Daniel DenUyl, B. N. Pi entice, and Richland Furs Will
A. M. Herrick and R. C. Bioundage, members of the agiicultural experiment station staff who hold responsible positions in the Section,
will attend, h.e.
Today is the final day for merifbers of the senior class to secure tickets for reserved seats in the senior section for the Iowa and Michigan State football games, ticket manager C. S. Doan announced last night. Juniors may obtain their tickets tomorrow and , Thursday. Sophomores, according to the schedule announced at the time passports were distributed, may get their tickets next Monday and Tuesday, October 13-14, and freshmen may call for theirs the following Wednesday and Thursday, October 15-16. In order to make the exchange of coupons for reserved seats the coupons must be properly signed by the person to whom the passport was issued. Block orders for tickets may be obtained as long as the combined coupons are all of the same class. If block orders contain coupons of different classes the order will be in the lowest classification of the coupons presented, h.e. Aviation Club To Hold Open Meeting Today University Flying club will hold its regular meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room 307 of the Union. The main part of the program will be the discussion of the air show which was held at Sheldon, 111., last
Sunday.
Amos Richardson, who was the announcer for the show, was flown there in the Flying club’s cub coupe by Frank Habicht, president of the
club.
This meeting is open to all sophomores and freshmen who aie interested in flying. There will also be the annual voting on new members, d.l.g.
It’s just public opinion around Bloomington and ’the Uni-' versity campus that school spirit is lacking. Ap idea j)ut forth by one University’s faculty members several days afeo seems to be the answer to just about 99 per cent of this attlitude. According to him, there is hardly an article written about Indiana university’s football squad that doesn’t say sbmething about Bo’s “poor little boys,” I. U.’s unseasoned eleven, or some similar phrase. ,, To make a long story shorty Indiana university, its student body and practically every one concerned is building, or we should say has built up, a defeatist attitude that probably is surpassed by no other school in the country. On the eve of the purdue game for example, it will probably be ... '‘Purdue has a bigger team than ours ... Purdue has a stronger and more experienced team than ours .. . etc.” Just where does everyone get the idea that the opponent has such a great squad, that they’ll be much stronger than our team?
"VYe haven’t played the game yet.
Until all persons concerned with Indiana university’s football team get in their heads that we have as good a team as any other school and that we can win just as easily as they can, our University is going to continue to “lack school spirit.” Students are not to blame for all this “lack,” or are the alumni. There’s no getting around the faculty member’s idea that ^s long as our team is played up in the papers and in addresses to be the “David” of the fight, we’re going to have
tough sledding and plenty of it.
Kappa Psi
. .. honorary society of the School of Phaimacy, will hold its annual fieshman smoker at 8 o’clock this evening in room 356-363 of the Union. This informal gathering will serve to intioduce new phaxmacy students to the pharmacy staff and
upperclassmen.
Show Display Today Lcctuie fur demonstiation will be piesented m the Home Economics Auditoiium by the Richland Furs, Inc., of Blissfleld, Mich., today at 1 p. m. Representatives will demonstiatc and explain the fashioning and manufactuie of fui gaiments. About fifty fur coats, one hundred pelts and seveial muffs and scarfs will be on display. The lecture is being given for the clothing classes but all students and townspeople interested are invited to attend, c.j.w.
Beveridge Speech Contest Open To Freshman Debaters Applications for the 15th annual Beveridge speech contest for freshmen can now be made at the Forensic offiice in room 3^6 of the Union. Preliminai’y speeches, which will be seven minutes in length, will be held in University Hall next Tuesday, October 14. All first year men are eligible for the awards, which are the Hayes cup for the winning s^ieech, and the Ankeny cup for the organization whose members' receive the most points. The latter award has gone to Cary Hall West for the last two years. To be eligible for this award, all organizations must remit a fee to the Foiensic office to cover expenses of the contest befote October 14. Bruce Lawler, senior debate manager, also announces that freshmen who are interested in debate should start preparing now to discuss the question, “Resolved: That the federal government should regulate by law all labor unions in the United States.” Specific instruction concerning debate will be given freshmen at a meeting to be held October 22. The finalists in the Beveridge contest will be automatically included in the beginning squad if they so wish. The debate season was officially opened by the announcement of the question by the National Association of Teacheis of Speech. According to a further announcement, all sophomores interested in managerial work should report to the Forensic office at 4 this after-
Lacrosse^ Canadian Indian Game^ May Receive Spot In Boilermaker Athletics
Dispatch to 3.93 to 1
Editor’s Note: This dispatch to the 3 93 column of this paper was received yesterday afternoon. According to Prof. F R. Eastwood of the department of physical ^ucation, the men involved will be given credit for 400 miles of walking in P E 12 stagnation, 0., Oct. 6.—(Special to Purdue jSxponent)—October 5th, 2 a.m.. Somewhere in Ohio. Two dejected cavaliers stand forlornly by the side of Route 40 threatening passing motorists with croquet mallets. And thereby hangs a tale. At 4 a.m. in the dark rainy gloom of last Friday morn three of our lovely coeds, ably chaperoned by two of our finest eds, set forth to “Follow the Boilermakers” to Pittsburgh. The goal was reached amid loud huzzas and such. After settling the fair girls at the KAT house our heroes set out to prepare for the game of the next day. We leave our heroes to their preparations. Post-Game Woes After the game our heroes located the aforementioned females patiently waiting at the Purdue dressing room door. From this point forward the whereabouts of the young ladies IS shrouded in deep dark secrecy. As far as our heroes are concerned, anway. Arrangements were made to meet at 9 p.m. for the journey home. Two a.m. found our heroes pouring nickels into the phoneicalling hospitals and the local clinks. 0 Horrible Night Thus the night passes. Morning (and the awful truth) dawns on our heroes. Ditched! Incidently, there were two empty berths on the team train coming home. Two dejected cavaliers stand forlornly
By Ted Clark Lacrosse, a gruelling sport first played by the Canadian Indians, may soon be established on this campus. It IS not certain when laciosse came to the United States, but it was about the beginning of the present centuiy and has grown steadily along the eastern seaboard. In its American form the game is played on a field 100 yards long and 60 yards wide, with 80 yaids between the goals. There are 10 players on each side. Players Well Protected The sport is a combination of football, basketball and ice hockey. The players are clad in football shoes and sweat socks, padded shorts and jerseys and wear helmets equipped with steel masks. They use sticks, anywhere fiom three to five feet long, with a cat 'gut scoop to pass the ball. The ball is about the size of a tennis ball, made of hard rubber with a steel center. The players pass and catch the ball with their scoops and score by shooting the sphere into a net goal six feet square. The field is zoned
according to the attacking and defensive players, the center and the goal piotector, or goalie. Check As In Hockey Body checking is peimitted as in ice hockey, but a check upon a man not having the ball or unnecessary roughness brings a one or two minute penalty to the offender, depending upon the extent of the rule infraction. Baltimore is the Lacrosse center and IS the scene of an annual all star game which usually draws about 30,000 people to Baltimore Stadium. Lacrosse is called the fastest game on foot and is excellent training for football players. Many eastern schools have their football men go out for Jjacrosse in the spring as a conditioner and substitute it for spiing football. The game develops wind and sharpens body contact methods. Dinty Moore, Lacrosse coach at Navy, IS said to be the daddy of American Lacrosse. Along IM Lines If the game were established at
the University, it would follow the Intramural pattern until a suitable intercollegiate schelule could be made. Johns Hopkins University of Baltimore is the outstanding team in the world and in 1932 was Olympic champions. Cornell, Colgate and the rest of the Ivy League schools have teams as well as Duke, Maryland and Navy. There was a Lacrosse team on the Boilermaker campus in 1920. Should the sport be revived Howard Wilkening, freshman track coach who played the game in the east, would probably be coach. Sport Growing Constantly Youngsters in eastern private schools grow up with a Lacrosse stick in their hands much as boys in Indiana do with a basketball. Consequently, the sport is growing steadily. Indeed, there is a 10 team high school league in Baltimore fionr which many of the college teams draw their talent. Equipment for the sport is very inexpensive. Anyone interested should contact “Frenchy”Leinweber at the Theta Chi house.
Where the croquet set came from is a mystery known but to God and our heroes. But 400 miles is a longway to hitch-hike—with or without a croquet set. The moral of this story is “Follow the Boilermakers.” Ride with Ostrander, Richmond, and Kramer and WALK HOME! W. £. Vog/er .. . University director of personnel, will speak before Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemistry honarary, this Thursday night at 7:30 in room 106 of the Chemistry building. Topic of Vogler’s speech will be “Your Job in the Emeigency,” a discussion of the chemist’s part in the present
crisis.
House Planning . . . classes, traveling by city bus, visited Hills and Dales yesterday, and will again visit it tomorrow to observe types of domestic architecture discussed in class. Types of houses studied have been French, New England, Colonial, Dutch Colonial, Regency, English, Georgian, and modern. Miss Margaret Reeman of the School of Home Economics is in charge of the classes.
Movie Convocation To Begin In Music Hall Thursday At 3 Experimental Program Features Movie Shorts By J. D. Smith Something new in convocations will be innovated Thursday afternoon from 3 until 6. The convo will consist of a series of short subjects of interest to the entire student body. This convo is the first in a series that will continue for some
time.
Movies will be given for students only, and they have only to present their passports for admission. However, passports will be absolutely necessary. No one will be admitted except students. Neither season ticket holders, nor members of the staff will be admitted. Thursday’s program will include: “News of The Day,” “Men of The F. B. I.,” “March of Time,” “Fly Fishing,” “Aeronautics” and a band short with Henry Busse and his orchestra. In future convos the program will include interesting travelogues and “Crime Does Not Pay” series. More Movies It is the aim pf the committee on lectures and convocations to bring to the student body at frequent and regular intervals the news of the day and other interesting short subjects. Thursday’s convocation is an experimental convo and if the turnout of the, student body warrants, they will become a regular part of the convocations program. Programs will run continuously from 3 until 6 and it will take ap-' proximately 1 hour for each complete show. Students may come and go at any time they feel, the urge between the above hours. Gimlets and Reamers will be in charge of the doors. Latest Equipment The Hall of Music is well equipped for movies since they have the latest types of projectors, screen and sound system. There are very few theaters in the country that compare with the Music Hall for movies or any form of entertainment. The subjects to be shown in the second convo will include: “News of the Day,” “Eyes of the Navy,” “Capital City,” “British RAF,” and Freddie Martin and his orchestra. Exponent- Staff There will be a meeting of all seniors and faculty members on the Exponent board this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the Agricultural Experiment Station. —Ochiltree
Number Of Freshman Enginering ^ Students Increase Over October, '4B A total of 6,575 students were enrolled in the University on October 1, a decline of only 392 against the same time last year, despite the large number that have gone into fnilitary service. Enrollment last year at the same time was 6,967 according to the announcement released yesterday by Prof. F. C, Hockema, assistant to the president. Hockema stated that the actual decline was about half that anticipated by University
officials.
Total figures snowed 5,190 men students against 5,562 a year ago, and 1,383 women against 1,405 October, changing "the ratio” to
3.74 to 1.
Those Coed Engineers Sixteen coeds are enrolled in en-t gineering and eight in agricultorf^ while five ■ men are beginning courses in the School of Home E^o^,
nomics.
Significantly, freshman enrollment declined only 46 helowli^ year, with 1,966 Green Potters as compared to 2,002 in 1940. Juniors total 1,374 in comparison with 1^!^ last year; the number of senior3.j^ increased five to 1,138. There are 76 special students this year, a d^|^ of 19, and graduate students nttmber407 as against 456 one year Perhaps reflecting defense conations, the number of engineering freshman students increasedi^hjs:^ ly this year to 1,176 from 1^74 ^ October 1, 1940. However, the ^otti^ number of engineering students
Undergraduate Dames will hold from 3,487 last year to 3,4^ their open house for both new and semester, j.h.w. '
old members tonight at 7:30 in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The Undergraduate Dames is a club open to all the wives of undergraduate students and to any married coeds, all of whom are especially invited to attend this open house, parties each month and, in addition The club sponsors meetings and to those functions open only to members, plans several parties or dinners each year to which the hus-
bands are invited.
SDX Pledges Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, yesterday announced the follow-
ing pledges:
John H. Armtsrong, John F. Amos, Don T. Brophy, Robert L. Hadley, Fred I. Jones, Edward G. Keiper, John Thompson, Myron B. Hawkins, Arthur E. Snyder, William Hayt, Oscar Allanson, Jim Fraser, Orville Clark, and
John Keeler.
Undergraduate Dames To Hold Open Meeting
J. C. Clark To Discus NLRB With GECIassis
J. C. Clark, regional directoir the National Labor Relations Bootd, will speak at 9 o’clock this evening in the lecture room of Michael QpId* en Shops. Clark will discuss prqlH lems of the NLRB before memheM of the Q.E. 110 class in Indnstrial
Undergraduate Lames affords an Managerment and the G.E. 117 Inopportunity for the married women dustrial Relations class. of the campus to meet and become ^.ny staff member, or any senior friends, according to Mrs. Dale Ul- ^^o is interested in the operation rich, president, thus carrying out of the National Labor Relations A«t its motto, “Little friends may prove jg invited to attend this joint sea-
great friends.” j.h.w. d.l.g.
Stoufing Honorary Hears Bud Roderick Plays Judge Parkinson Tonight For Mixer Saturday
Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, -will hold an open meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 304 of the Union. Judge Parkinson, noted Scout leader, will speak on “Child Delinquency.” Judge Parkinson has long been interested in the scouting movement here at the University. And he has helped many needy Boy Scouts to obtain an education. h.e.
Bud Roderick and his Illini bgtnd will play for the novelty “jail-dSnca” mixer Saturday night in the Union ballrooms. Featuring a snappy saxophone section. Bud Roderick has acquif^ a large following on the University of Illinois campus. This will merk his first appearance here. Dress will be informal, and usual admission price of $1.00 per couple will prevail. h.e.
Gold Diggers Hunt Men For Annual Ball Oct. 17* Prize Offered For Most Appropriate Corsage
By Ed Kieper Friday, October 17? Mean anything to you Maybe yes, and again, maybe no. At any rate, it represents one of the feiv times during the year that the usual cat and mouse game of Man Chase Woman is reversed and the process becomes Woman Chase Man. In other words the woman pays and pays for it’s the annual Gold Digger’s Ball sponsored by AWS. Throat Cutting Already Evidently the girls, in spite of the revealed ratio, ‘352 woman per man, have already started cutting each other’s throats because tickets have been placed on sale at WRH, the soroi’ity houses and the West Desk of the Union. Tickets are priced at $1.10. (No data available as this paper went to press as to who gets the $.10.) In addition, two town girls, Ruth Holden and Ruth Fryer are contacting town girls in order to sell
gible bachelor. They did not gible for what, but we can
can’t we ?
Men Ride Too
There are few other minor
tickets to them on a personal basis, a vote by the coeds on the mos^
Street Dresses O.K. ..... ~.
Street dresses, whatever they are, are the officially approved coed attire for the evening. To compensate for this informality, the
coeds are required to fm-nish their^ tails that go with the danco^ man with an appropriate corsage', .^as transportation. You know «I)i| In short a group of floral decora- „jen of this University like tp tions that are suited to his person- to dances much better than
coeds do. In fact, in other yqktt
Anything To Offer some of the original modes of trt^^ Anything passes, you know—a portation devised bythe coeds bayf collection of baby’s toys, beer caqs almost over-shadowed the rest ^ or second hand posies. In fact the the dance in the memories of tm committee in charge has appropri- lucky eds. ’ ated a small sum of money to buy And The Band X a prize for the coed with the best That’s right, we did almost corsage. Nothing like something to mention the band. It’s to be original to help win this prize. Cisne from the University of SKWho Was Robbed? nois. He played for the last In addition to giving the coqfis Gold Diggers’ Balls. The hjjm something to argue over who “WUz composed of twelve pieq^ fip || robbed by dem doity judges” the considered to be exceedingly ypk* committee has also planned to have satile. v
it#^'fei^^' '^'•uiLw..!!!.’^....
^ V, ik
' r5 >'V...fVK>." ■ , i/T ,
¥mmMtM^Bu8y
Ij!!V^|; > ®iitoT’s note:
This editorial is Reprinted from the
1;
iMiehigan I>aliy.
k
sis '
^ H,
fll-'
tli6 lands south of the border have been crowded from front pages by Hitler’s latest bum - of-. the - month campaign a^inst Joe Stalin and increased agitation in this country for more active aid to Britain, tiflih^s have been hapi^ening in the South American republics that give promise of bigger and more serious things to come. 'that the Axis powers have in no way given up their attempts at infiltration into the Latin American nations is vShown by a news item emanating from Buenos Aires, Argentina’s capital. The Chamber, of Deputies and the army of that nation last week took bold steps to cut down a conspiracy against the Argentine government. The plot was traced directly to Nazi sources in the capital city. But repercus.sions were felt in all South America, giving ample proof that totalitarian activity is in no way confined to Argentina. Clear at the other end of the continent Columbia last week sent secret service agents into the dense forests of the Choco mining region to investigate the activities of the Axis there and break off a German and Japanese ring engaged in smuggling gold and platinum to Germany and Japan. At Santiago, Chile, newspapers charged
that the Argentine, plot was linked with a projected attack on Chiles the aim being “to pTeVent unity in the Americas” by fomenting international strifej The 'plot, it wak elaimedy was the work of Nazi agents and included blows against Bolivia, Brazil, Uruguay and Paraguay, by fomenting a separatist movement in Brazil which would strike out in three
directions.
To many the plot may sound fantastic, but with the story revealing it was a paragraph revealing the; location of three clandestine Nazi radio transmitters in Chile, and the existence of a branch of the Gastapo in Valparaiso. ■ ' - Each item in itself is a little thing. And yet the three taken together seem to have an ominous tone. In spite Of added stirife dn Europe and Asia, the dictator powers have in no way given up their, plans in South
America.
All of which bodes evil for this nation, for as statesmen and politicians have become occupied with increased agitation for aid to England, the 2i Latin American republics seemed to have been forgotten. And all the aid to Britain won’t close the back door, through which the enemy may well come. .
i;;:. 3; y-rij y-r
By Btew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
The Bottle ^eck
YESTERDAY The trains came; At first great black clouds filled the sky. The countryside for miles around was dark like night. Thor, mighty god of thunder, roared from his lofty zenith. Snakey streaks of lightning pierced through the foreboding clouds. Then with a mighty effort, a grunt from Thor and a flash of the bright substance, tl^e heavsn dropped their product on the campus. Instructors dashed from their classes to close car windows. Cyclists-squirmed in their seats imagining how the cold, west bicycle seat would feel when they mounted the velicopede after class. Those with rain coats felt sung and wise and' superior because they were brilliant. Those without, silently cussed those who had brought the coats and they envied them. The lions over by the biology building frowned an dsaid, “Maybe you think we were just fooling the other day when we asked decently enough for a building, but if it isn’t forthcoming we’re going to start de^^ composing more than a few of those who venture past our den. , Those with funds which depended on the outcome of the ball game for their safety sat with a sustained uneasiness in a reclining" position before radios carrying half a report' of the contest in Brooklyn and half a report on the electric condition of the atmosphere. Exerting bursts of enthusiasm on the part of the class ignorers were' many times for nought for a piece of static was easily enough taken for a crash of the horsehide off Pee Wee’s bat. Freshmen, harassing the elements in chem lab for the good Doctor F. D., became stupi-
fied when the gallons pounded on the tin roof of the ancient structure. All the students however, including the freshmen were more horrified when they swam .into their rooms after classes. Many cried, “My picture of Dotty, drenched. My treasures by Petty, ruined. My cough medicine, I left the top off, and it’s diluted. Don’t even have a, stimulant at a time like this when I need it. This is too much!” Even some of the strongest broke down at this point and let the salt spray mingle -with the rain water which all ready had their cbeeks saturated with water.' The band, being part of the rugged military corps, marched undaUnted out into the dismal drizzle, but only after reading on the bulletin board that Spots had posted the unwelcome “Out” sign. They got down by Cary Hall somewhere when the bottom fell out of things in a big way. The commander, so wet himself that his baton was fairly floating, maneuvered the band back in the direction of the armory and let them blast out with “Hail Purdue” as they paddled along in the canal which once had been University Street. The music was om the strange side. The big boom of the drum seemed to become very loud on certain beats and then recede on others, due somehow to the heavy atmosphere. The horn blowers quit blowing at frequent intervals to knock the drops of water off the ends of their noses. Others tried to march backwards making the mass seem much like an enlarged version of the famed Brooklyn Symphony. Toward evening, when all the guiding hands of the institution were knocking off for dinner, rumors have it that Prexy called the secretary and asked her to call the Journal and Courier for the weather report. The reply came back: “This is Lafayette, you tell us.” The president took no chances. He called off his walk over the levy, and ran for the bus. Some day. r.w.b.
•The Ration
3.93 ..fo 1
Rush, rush! That’s the general topic of conversation these day.s — rush home, rush to class, rush to the -Blazer, rush home, .Jim Rush, rush, alid . , . SORORITY RUSH!! The last mentioned item is putting a big dent in our business for the present—our business being jun mainly by the eight clubs on the campus. (Or is it seven clubs and
the Kappa hotel?) Well, anyway, we picked up a few item's to fill up this space. A big week-end is in store for Sig Pi Carl Leevy. It seems Carl has his pin girl coming to town and he beat the ra:tio to get a date this Saturday with one of the local gals. Result: a dilema. Question: what’s the boy gonna do? You figure it out. We gave you the clues. Word comes that the Alpha Chis may soon add another pin to their ever-growing collection. “Mac” Wintin and Pi Kappa Phi Miles Swarfs are the couple concerned. They were overheard arguing the other evening whether the pin should have rubies or garnets. “Mac” favored the .garnets. Could it be so they would match the gar-
net RING'from her man back home ? Deep, dark terror grips the activities of the campus these days as ■Vallely’s stooge Roscoe (The Terrible) Starek gives the Union 24 hours to get out. Yep, the Student Union, Debris, and our own little innocent Expo are at odds. “Big Gun” Adams of the Debris treihbles in his size 6 shoes at the thought of having his office moved out into State Street, but our manly stalwarts of the Expo fear not as they calmly put the Union mixer announcement on the back page and think about fellin’ Herr Roscoe where to go. Siich is life. Especially around here. / . When even the Pi This quiet down, then you know rush has started in earnest.
fijuAdm. £xfwmitt
Entered as .second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March .3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. Editur-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree ,,Sports Staff _ . News Editor John L. Traugrott Editor.......,....^.... Phil C. JohnKon Bueinesa Manager Don S. Powera Asaociate Editors : O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J, S. Keeler.
Publication Staff
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792;
Managing Editor Leland W. RiiSner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos; J. H. ArmstroiiB, D. T. Brophy, It. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper.
Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Business Staff
Hepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., Collogo Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Vork, N. '5f.
Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Hell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard.
Co-ed Staff Editor.... Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfleld, Jane Ilamsdell.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Armstrong Issue Editor; Klosson Day Editor; Boynton Night Sports Editor: Giark Reporters: J. D. Smith, D. L. Glaspie, It. E. Fischer, C. J. Wilbur, It. Eberts, H. Eckstein, It. M. Ford. .Sport Reporters: .S. A. Watson, It. W. Krieger, 0. W. Brewer,' W. L. Cassady.
U.S< Citizens Pay Mailing Costs Pbr Propaganda; Abiise FraPking Privilege Washington, Oct. 6.—Last year U. S. taxpayers shelled oi^t a total of $1,217,346 of their hard-earned money to reimbur^ the Post Office for handlihg .total of 46,128,977 pieces of free thall sent by members of Congress. But now it develops that part of this money Was spent to mail literature for an organization which the Ju.stiee Department charges was flhariced by German agents. In other words, tlie unknowing and innocent taxpayer joined with Mr. Hitler’s boys in helping certain isolationist Congressmen flood the country with propaganda. This was why such a hot game of hide-and-go-seek was played in the America First Committee and in the basement of Congress in an effort to dispose of mail bags, crammed with franked propaganda belonging to Representative Ham Fish. The bags had been whisked out of the Make Europe Pay War Debts Committee just before the Justice Department raided it. Congressman Fish’s franked envelopes escaped the FBI raiders but the mail bags of several other Congressmen did not. Most of these Congressmen had voted for ap act requiring everyone who distributed propaganda for a foreign country to register with the Stae Department. Yet these Congressmen appeared to have violated the spirit of the act for which they voted by loaning their sacred free mailing privilege to an organization deliberately in the business of foreign propaganda.' Furthermore, they appeared to have violated another law passed by their oWn distinguished body in 1906; namely Title 39, Section 36B, which provides: “It shall be unlawful to lend said frank or permit its use by any committee, organization, or association, or permit its use by any association,” And yet whole truckloads of mail bearing the frank of Senator Nye, Wheeler, Worth Clark of Idaho, Reynolds of North Carolina, the late Senator Lundeen of Minnesota, and various Congressmen have been turned over to the America First Committee, the Make Europe Pay War Debts Committee, the Steuben Society and other isolationist or pro-German organizations. Early Franking History Next time yeu. get a letter from your Con^'QsSnljiri or any branch of the Government, it might be well to know that this right of free mail goes back to 1775 when the Continental Congress resolved “That all letters to and from the delegates of the United Colonies, during the sessions of Congress*, pass and be carried free of postage, the members being engaged upon their honor not to frank or enclose any letters but their own.” This privilege was extended to so’ihe other branches of the early American government in .1782, namely the Commander-in-Chief of the Armies, the heads of the Departments of Finance, of War, and of Foreign Affairs, and members of Congre.ss “while actually attending Congre.ss.” The franking privilege today has been stretched a long way since then. In fact Post Office authorities compare today’s indiscriminate farming out of Congressional franks to a similar situation in 1867 when Postmaster General Randall demanded that the franking privilege be withdrawn from Congress. Reporting t«. President Andrew .lohnson, he^aid: “I am compelled agaih to call attention to the gross frauds perpetrated upon the Department .by the violation of the franking privilege in almqat all parts'^ of the country. The facsimile franks of different momhers of Congre.ss are freely used to circulate obscene books and papers, lottery circulars, business cai'd.s, and to cover all kinds of busine.s.s and domestic correspondence of persons not authorized by law to frank mailable matter.” ■ As a result the franking privilege
for 'Congrbsshieli;was re-aholisKM iii 1873,* thbn reinstated in ;1OT6( arid broadened again in 1906—though at. all tlmes it hgs provided that a Congressman cari circulate frbm the CoflgresSibnal Record thli,t ,porll6h of, it,,,writt,ejti hy .hiimself. y,.;.,' Despite the. very clear wording of the law, the franked envelopes of Congressman Ham .Fish have turned up contginiiig an advertisement of the Protocols ofi the Wise Men of Zion, and damning the Jews. Unquestionably Ham Fish did not write this anti-Semitic literature or even mail it. But his franked envelopes Were farmed oUt somehow or other for this purpose. Again, Senator Nye’s frank has been used to circulate a speech by Theo. H. Hoffman, , National Chairman of the Steuben Society of Anterica. Nye got around I the provision that the speech must be written by himself, by inserting Hoffman’s speech in the Congressional Record. Again, when. Senator Wheeler sent out his much publicized postcard regarding war, which found its way into the army camps, , he simply turned his frank over to the America First Committee. They mailed a million copies, saving $10,000 Worth of postage. Yet, the law of 1906 is clear that it is “unlawful to lend said frank or permit its use by any committee, organization or association.”' Again, at a meeting addressed by Donald Shea of the National Gentile League, envelopes bearing the frank of Senator Wheeler were distributed in the audience and listeners were urged to address and mail them—postage free. And in Los Angeles last summer a meeting was held in Dr. Richter’s Health Cafeteria to organize piekets against Wendell Willkie when he came to speak at the Hollywood
Boy(l. Those Who attended the Rich'ter meeting werh giy.eh'the)iran;ked^ envelppee; of Congressman Day. of Illinois cbnteining his speech of June ,16 crltii^al of the' British. All th^ aufitencs. had to do was address th,e; envelope, jand send it-r-postage free—to anyone. ’’ Prize violator of the franking privilege, however, was the late Senator Lundeen, whose speeches were written by George Sylvester Viereck, a paid agent of Germany, and who then turned over his Congressional frank to have - the Speeches i»biled all oyer the, country—postage free.
I No -wonder evert'jiacid Phstffia^«| er General Frank' Walker is ^etthiig V
stirred up as to Whether he should'y do something aboUi;/| the franklh^ privilege. For he has the poweir-^ arid no .one cftti queStiort ; fuse malF from any CongreSsrtfiah c' BUSpected, of violating , the.-,laiy,, - (Copyright, 1941,'by ture Syndicate, Inc.)
MARS
TODAY- WEDNESDAY
SONJA HENIE JOHN PAYNE
GLENN MILLEIAND ms ONCHESTRI
tODAY - wt IchiiiI
'WHITE EAGLE" Serial
LUHA
today - iWEDtWF^AY ^2 FIRST RUN HITS-
uimmm
-TODAY - WEDN ESDAY
wiH. Claude RAINS-Evelyn KEYES lames RLEASON-Edw.EverettHORTON
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY -TOMORROW
KNUTE ROCKNE ALL AMERICAN
An All American Thriller For All Americans! . — with -— PAT O'BRIEN ' GALE PAGE — PLUS
Hold Your Tongue or Lose Your Life! THE NURSES SECRET
— WItH — Lee Patrick —— Regis Toomey
ADMISSION Nights and Sunday Week Day Matinees.... Children — Plus Tax—•
..25c ...20c .. 10c
IT'S A WJiCKY W0Wi^ * ABOUT A LEADING and his MISLEADING^AlM
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers
Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
Sbovviv Laundry
I N E C L E AN £ R S O F F I N E C L OTH E«
REMODEL NOW! Prices Are Rapidly Advancing HENRY POOR LUMBER CO.
West Lafayette
Phone 3083
pH' ;
mm
rnrnrnmimmm^immmmmmm
m
M
“.V t-i
pi7, i- ,
nvw
sr^
Ids Dfill i^doofs in bvers l^elfl I'xysM^ fA^-f w a getpy, but glorious glory'nl^oach Elmer Buraham's ^hini,^igrid squad ia eagerly at it ova^A qn flddiad Sijetyajtjt^^Field ^qtyjAfrfti^ndon} v ^S'dsterday 'tjie ■«rd8 forced to resume opera-
l^dtefflyon their practice field. ¥he lyd»h,ir?tr'@aWd.to the Eieldhottse to Ihh sfrhiM.ufPurdue*' as the ' toyhi ted^ aoaked members of the i'e^ea^d,, in double tilMe, to the,- iir/hoi;y. . I dWb State Plays "In a light praetiOe session fn the ^’i^ldhouse, the squad was taken through various plays in an effort get them down to a precision l^nnes. Reverses, plunges, and end grounds were especially stressed, iphe Strami, Hurrle, Close, and WojohoVy^skl dotnbination was tried in ^he backfield and it proved very suc^ssful, possessing speed, deception, apd force. . , "’ The latter part of the practice session was taken up in learning Ojhio State’s plays, which will be used by the freshmen against the yarsity later this week. All the IpUckeye formations, razzle dazzle, gnd shifts were learned, by the Rhinles and they should prove profitable to ‘the varsity when thpy ptack up ^gainst t|^e pteong^Qhio squad on October Injurjeg^on the freshman team this year arq few. Sheridan, guard ug|ididatd from Indianapolis, is still oil the sidelines with an injured arm, ^||td Stram, Gary’s contribution to il’.Urdue, is nursing a sore eye which yas gashed in a scrimmage. This hainor cut has not kept “Hurrying ll^pnry’’ out of the thick of things l^dwever, and he’s still in there ropghing it up for the frosh. No ..Regulation Games ' Although the Rhinies won’t play any intercollegiate games this year, they Will have a few intrasquad tussles which ghould prove quite interesting in Selecting material for next year’s varsity squad, s.a.w.
IM Schedule
SOFTBALL
Tuesday, October 7
1 A1 vs H3. a B1 vs A3. » 01 VS. |I8. i BI Vs c| S' m Vs. p§. 6 .,|l vs. E3.
SI Vs. F8. HZ vs. S3. AZ vs Hd. B2 vs A4. 02 vs. B4. pz vs. 04. yz vs. P4. LZ vs E4.
15 SZ vs. F4. ie Hi VS S4.
Ward 1 vs Ward Z7 Sigma Chi vs. Triangle.
tipiiig W Team ifonks lake
frk0,«Nj.hh'EI«ar«Eii-|(“
S6S
i it '■*■''' I j. .Ii-rf M H _ .
^ ri i ^ ^ \ ^ 4 '
Whil^ the football teattl went through its initial practice in preparation for the battle with Ohio State one woek from Saturday,. Coach Mai Elward took time out from his (duties to discuss a few observations which he had made after last Saturday’s gridiron encounters.. ‘ - ThU' BoilermakiSr grid rtefitPr' ^ , ,,
thought that his chatgeS showed a
n'rVnii-inintiiiiiriArte’J "'if. V V f" r V ^
tremendohs improvement over their work in.'th® opening cpn'test With Vandetbilti He was especially pleased whh the team’s offensive plqy While they hai^d^d the , Pitt Panthers their first opening day defeat in twenty-five years of play in the Smoky -Qity. in .addition to the lone touchdown which resulted when big John Petty, the Boilermaker’s bone crushing fullback, drove over the last white line and planted the pigskiti.op paydirt, Elward believes that, his team should have scored two,more. He reitetated once, more .that tegms such as Vanderbilt and Pitt, which are able to practice for three weeks before they open thelt schedules,, enjoy a tremendous advantage w^en they line up against,^ a team such as his own which could only engage in ten
days of preliminary practice. U. S. C. Never Got Going
After discussing the game in Pittsburgh, the grid mentor immediately turned his attention to the rout which Southern California suffered at the liahds of Ohio State. This was only natural in view of the fact that the Boilermakers face the scarlet and gray-clad Buckeyes in their initial conference game at Columbus. Elward believes thut Southern California underestimated the strength of their opponelits from Ohio, and this overconfidence led to the 33 to 0 defeat which they
Meet thd Team Pre»entlAg..t' *'
Jcikh Galyfh
hce\ghlw^ the kc6s ate hl|sdka|l's ChftfhPloJlk of the WjOtld dn^e again jjthe fa--mlUat wall ''wait'’til fi^gt^^eai-’’ runs rampant through ^he l3(or<nigh of Bto^yn. Ensfe Rofiham aurptised fevetyene save Matse Joe Bieoatthy in taruiug back te despatate Bedg^ attack, 8-1, 'The pottly handet tef^ed to as “Tiny’’ hy his mates, -pitchea su-< petb ball, ^ , > , Wyatt Wtcheas Well, Tod ' Whit Wyatt pitched "excellent ball also, but he met the .fate df. jpaTiy another good pitcher wl^o after submitting a masterful performance has been stymied by Yankee defensive strategy ..apd pitching, not to mention the Rombers’ annpying faculty of hitting when the b|ue chips are on. the boa.rd., .. , Wyatt gave up six hits, only two mojje than his , oppohjpnt, but ,,a smashing homer bwp^th,e :?igbt field wpll by Tommy 9®hr|ch wqs the blow that ki,lled.Jather. , Looking at the Series in retrospect it is surprising to note the prevalence of pitching battles. The prognosticator^, those sage gentlemen of the press who tell you what is going to happen in advance, had a good opinipn ot Eodger bptting power and believed the autumn classic would be marked by high acqr-
ing games.
Pitching Surprises
Another surprise was that Lefty Gomes, did not make an appearance. Gomes has slowed down in recent yeats but his rqcotd this year was
If. Lefty bad
ports
Cross-Country Stars Drill For
I
Saturday Meet
By Don ft-ewer
Coach Merm&n Phillt|is' cross - courttiy fresh
• Th«y Wete A Lot Better ^
'Thfern Wasftfo doubt about the fact that the Boilermakers were ^n entirely different ball club Saturday than the opne, th^t lost to Vanderbilt the preceding week-end. First apd iompip^% th»e'Was a lot of
spirit In the team. The, players on the benph,.ye>e ^^ng, it np like ^ victory.®ver the the dougout of a World Series team. ,, , , j. f i. a j. . Tackling was better, blocking very mucb improved, ball handling distance men last Saturwas conducted in fine fashion, aftd tjie pass dqf^tms^.l^pphed ^ay, braved the Wind and rain /very good. The Boilermaker line , imtc||^rgfing,.the|^r..j^pon^ts^ last DiRbt to fmepate fOT their especially on passes and punts, Progf .bf Jhlk W^S. ip %e, blo^j^inig of ah iftlBortant meet Wi^ -Inboth a pass and a punt by Riveter linemen.,' \ ' „. , ^teomingtoii. r this • Menty 6^ Room for Improvement . Saturday. •'fHowever.jthere i's plenty to be dcffier-bufore the'team will be ready to Grimson-Boiler-face a tough Buckeye pqhad that handed Sptithern California, the ^ ^ ^
worst defeat in great many years Saturday, 33-0. There’s a, lot of
power in that story. Add to this the fact that probably thp plain tepson ^ prelude the for .the way the Panthers weakened in the latter part of the gaPiq was omeeommg game with duq to .lack of condition. They probably will have y^ry nice b^ll c.lph Texas. Christian that afternoon, before the season is over, maybe pulling a few upse,ts along the Way, Headed fay Ed Holderman and There’s a lot to be dqne in the two weeks until the gapip^at Columbus. Woody Appleton, the Boilermaker And don’t forget that the Buckeyes have an open date next week also, long-distance runners will have a and will be working as hgrd as the Boilermakers for the game on decided advantage in the Blooming
October 18. ‘
ton contest, being favored by experience on one of the toughest courses of the conference—^namely Phillips' new circuit back of the Eieldhouse. The Hoosier track
7
, 8 10 11 12 18 14 17 18 19 20 21 22 28 24
By Bill Cassady
Leading a team to two consecutive Chicago Catholic League cham- _ pionships is an outstanding ac-
suffered. Be based his opinion on complishment for any man and it the fact that Oregon State, whom is that feat than Johnny Galvin,
Southern California had already de- Roilermaker left halfback, per- impressive ePopgh. ^ feated, was able to beat the highjy formed when he played football at twifled the second game instead of touted Washington eleven. The Boil- Leo High School in south Chicago. Spud Chandler, perhaps the YaPks
Because of this amazing showing would have swept four straight Johnny became one of the most games. Atley Donald was soipehighly publicized high school play- thing of a sutpriae starter and was ers in the nation. slammed from the ]bax.i Marvin As a Riveter back Galvin is liv- ^ruer turned the best relief trek,
ing up to his reputation as an outstanding ball carrier, kicker and
may prove to be a mighty costly parser as he holds down the first . . , , one because both big John Petty and string halfback post on the Boiler- became the goat of tfafe SbrlCs when the fleet and shifty Red Carter i-jjaker squad. Standing five feet ten he dropped the ^thiy^ strike that ^1re(?6lved injuries which will ke^p -one-half inches and weighing lowed the American Beaguers to go
them out of action for an indefinite -j^r^Q pounds Johnny is the kind of oh to win.
period. back that has a quick get away and It is hard to select a hero. The Yesterday’s torrential rain forced plenty of speed. Yank players all’ conttibuted to the the team to retreat to the sheltpr Galvin was born in Chicago and ultimate. victory for their club, of the Fieldhouse for the completiqn -v^ijjie in high school played basket- However, Fred Fitzsimmons was of daily practice, r.w.k. -(ygii ^g football winning the Ofily Single placer i whe stopd
letters in both. He engages in both the Bronx Bombers on their heads.
• For Instance . . .
Tackling was still too high in several instances, with added yards being gained against thqm as a .result. Blocking still will have to be better
4! i 'j i. u' u 1 • T 7.. 4. 1- much flatter and straighter than
perfected tq be good enough to open holes in a line which was tough 4.1,11
enough to hold USd to a negative net gaiti. ^ course.
It looked to us that the speed which the Boilermaker backfield has been so widely publicized to be crammed vsfith still is not evident. Although the offensive line Was opening some Yery nice holes the backs started too slow in many instances to take full advantage of the
o'penings.
• Need Hard Running Backs
It "Was OUr, Observation alotig with many others in the press box at
Ed In Don Man Role
Down at Bloomington mentor Billy Hayes, an old timer in the cross country game for Indiana, is somewhat concerned about a strong opponent to face lanky Holderman. Ed finished an easy first in the Illinois meet and is ranked high among Big Ten distance men. Apleton, runnerup in last Saturday’s
ermaker coach concluded by remarking that with the schedules which teams play today, nqt one single team can be considered a
soft touch.
Petty, Carter Injured
The triumph in the Smoky City
Pitt Stadium Saturday that the Boilermaker backs were failing to take full advantage Of line plays. After picking up two, three, or four
yards the runners seemingly hesitated instead of charging ahead for contest, will be another of Phillips’ all of the yards that could be drug out. They seemed surprised that ‘‘b’on men" in the meet,
they had gone that far and did not drive for added yardage. Maybe they just need confidence that they Can pick up 1(5, and 15 yards instead of
a mere handful.
followed by Hugh Casey’s fireman task in the same game Sunday.. In SundayMickey,Owen
Delta tlpsiloil vs. Phi Gamma Delta. SiKma Nu vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Phi Sigmh Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Delta Chi vs Theta Tau. Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha Gamma Bho
BsdmintOn sports here also and hopes to go
out for baseball this year. John is a student in the P.E. school this year and is a senior. He also is' a member of Rhi Kappa Fraternity.
While not being a great dance fan fensivp plays. The Yankee doujile
ested should please sign up immedi- Johnny does have a liking for Glenn play_combination was instrumental ately on the blanks on the bulletin Miller artd Tommy Dorsey ^ind in shuffii^ out iflany a rall^ by th^ board outside the Intramural office that’s a good enough choice for any- Bums. iPerhap^ Jim Wpsdell sho^d in the Fieldhouse, body. replace Mic]|?ey Owen as tl^e g^^a^i
, . , tournament will start this week, according to an announcement made by Don Phillips, assistant to Chief Clevett. All those inter-
Until his injury the lads from Gotham were completely under control. So Pitz must get the hero’s role. Joe Medwick’s catch off Joe DiMaggio^,Was one of the highlight de-
• Th«y're Hard At It Don?tv.tbink that the team and coaching staff don’t realize the tough job ahead. Yesterday afternoon instead of letting those who played Satu:^day run through a IJght drill without pads, "the entire squad was completely dressed, and held one of the toughest workouts of the season. Several of the rated fir^ eleven were seen to be playing on a lower team also, indicating the tough competition for the top berths. They stayed right out in the rain for quite a while, getting thoroughly ^rrtiebed and padded With mud before finishing the lengthy drill in the Fieldhouse. • My Luckless Dodgers No body should have more in Common with Platbush followers after the horrible, bloody Sunday game than last season’s Boilermaker fans. Didn't we lose three games in 38 seconds 1 Things happen to Brooklyn and Purdue that shouldn’t happen to a dog. There is no joy in Flatbush tonight.
H “Homer” is a i 1, Suxf Thing so are your results four 10 i illRH IfIfQp Ifi4f||if Jl
PURDUE EXPONENT The Campus Doily Paper
for taking a full swing and fouling out instead of sacrificing as Manager Leo Durocher had instructed. The Yankees have now Won eight consecutive fall classics since 1926 when old Grover Alevander and the St. Louis Cardinals stopped them. They have won 32 World Series games and lost'four. Joe McCarthy now leads Connie Mack with six Championship teams to five.o.t.c.
IM Schedules
Taesduy, Uctobet 7 - Please g€(t in tojB^ With your opponent at once and ttiaicheB. Snead vs,, ^elbjf. , Ochiltree, vs> ,Bob SnijUi. Stafne vs. geplBer or Kerns. Johnson vs. Grijhain. Laddon or jUpdfU^n vs. Robert or HoffKitts vs Su^UjOfl^er! , Coombs Vs. Rich or Proesel. FfoShe VS4 MapsiiolC. Kn^tsen vs Ppragua. Rusher vs. Cpinns.
TEiNNIS
Thhsday, October 7
Zeffi vS. Grinet , Vriens vs Noisier F. Dyer Ormeyer vs, Tyson or Bob
Martin.
Clem vs. Sines. , Mitchell vs. Kotsch. Koch or Ddesterberg Vs. Gould or
Greider.
D Long or Hofisspian vs, Robipson or
Daley.
C. S. Ross vs. A. S Goodrich,
Pavis vs Clark.
Hunt or Ciofts Vs. Garber or Dial.
Hunt or uiojts Vs. Garber or Uii G R, Witsman Vs. R Stallings. Voth Or Kreisler vs. Gifford or Mc-
Camtibell
rpjheli vs. Dudzinslci. Wafsb vs. Schaliiol. Steper vs K. Smith. Mciss vs. Kraybill. ^th vs G iC blSok. HlrfoWtlS vs. Metzger.
Swimming Honorary Holds Reception At 7:30 This Evening Dolphin Club, national swimming honorary for men students, will hold their appual reception for students interested in swimming this evening at>7,:30 p.m. in the faculty louflge in the Union. The purpose of this meeting is to acquaint freshjpien students with the swimming
activities on the campus.
Coach Dick Papenguth, Dick Kratzer, vafsity captain, and Fred Herr, president of the Dolphin club, will give talks explaining the work of the swjmming team and Dolphin dub activities. Movies and colored elides o| ^be teaip which were taken last Wipter during the Christmas vacation spent at Ft. Lauderdale, Pla,, and tfae latest, colored films pi ,the Women’s bfational Outdoor Champiopship meets last summer. jTqrr ipvites all freshmen that are interested in swimming activijiies to come to the reception. Refreshments will be served, d.l.g.
Majority of home rUn hitters in
the,major leagues are known to fan
about 100 times each year.
Riveter stars who turned in impressive times in the last meet, and who will probably see action agaipat Hayes’ Cream and Crimson dis-
tance men are: Ed Holderman and
Woody Appleton, who finished first and second respectively against the mini; Duesler, Roach, and Kemp, Y/ho ran four-five-six in the meet; and McLaughlin, who came in ninth. John Petty, Marion Carter forced Out With Leg Injuries Backfield Stars Lost For Indefinite Period “Who will we put in now?" was
the question on the minds of the Boilermaker coaching staff yesterday evening when it was learned that the convincing 6-0 victory over Pitt last Saturday may be a costly
affair.
Both Losses Serious Big John Petty, smashing fullback whose rushes were a big factor in the touchdown drive against the Panthers, and Marion “Red” Carter, right halfback, will both be lest to the squad for an “indefinite period’’ due to injuries suffered In the first half of the contest, it has been announced by Dr. R. J. “Doc" Miller, team physician. Petty, the lone remaining fullback of experience on the Riveter squad, had a cast placed on his twisted knee, while Carter was suffering from the effects of badly bruised side muscles. There is considerable question as to whether eithpr veteran would be able to see action in the next start against Ohio Stat^ powerhouse at Columbus a from Saturday. Sophs Fill Breach Embodied with the fact that his backfield is now weakened. Coach Mai Elward is giving special attention to sophomore backs Bob Chester, Bob Hajzyk, Francis Meakim, Kenny Smock, and John Andi’etich, all who have shown up well against Vanderbilt and Pittsburgh, d.e.b.«=^^ 'tl'! .i-V,A^ I .,V „,, 1,. . „ . , „.
Sri; Ji^f|
1.
S
fr I
Kl'.\
B^lbi»
Air Corps Physical Exams Begin Ocl. 2S
First tiavehng examining boaid of the United States Army Air Coips will meet applicants foi entiance into the Air Coips beginning Octobei 28 to conduct physical examinations All students who have completed two yeais of college work and who aie between the ages of 20 and 26 aie eligible foi positions as aviation cadets Pull infoimation may be had by calling Lt Col E H Hicks (telephone 3436) 01 Lt John J Graham (telephone 5902) at the Adiutant’s office in the Aimoiy fob
Wednesday Marks \ End Of Registration For Defense Study
Money to Loon on nnythlng of value Albert s Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewolrs, 407 Columbia St
Lost t E K sorority pin between Littleton and campus Cali Dons Muth 21^27
WAAt Hockey practices every Monday, Wednesday and Priday at 4 P m Six practices required for team eligibility. There is still time to make the team (10-7) —HARRISON
Newman Clnbt Dlsoubsion meeting Turaday, Oct 7, at 7 80 ip m in room 807 Of the Union and Wednesday at 7 80 in mom 306 Topic will be ‘Catholic Meals in ^rriage * '—"BUERGLliiK
Will Person who mistakenly switched coats with me in chemistry lab Wednesday afteinoon please contact Herbert Harrington Ph 46192
AIME Meeting Thursday Oct 9, in room 268 of the Union at 7 30 p m Election of treasurer Bring dues —STARKEY
Neitman Club Regular officers’ meetlh^ Tuesday Oct 7 at 4 80 p m in room 302 of the Union —RUNNION
Although actual instruction began last night, enrollment in the Univeisity dlefense tiaining couises in epgmeeiing, science and manage-
Paper Towels The famous Nilroc—buy these for yotii washroom and kitchen— cabinets free Paper napkins toilet papers Phone 7828 Lafayette Printing Co
WAA SpCedball Practice Tuesday Oot 7 at 4 p m Meet in gym in case of rain —GALBRAITH
Lutheran Students Are urged to attepd devotional and discussion meeting Wednes day Oct 8 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union —ANTAL
Lost Theta pm engraved 1 6 16 Call Ruth Trier 76161
I Nicol AX, Reward
Christian Science Organizations There will be a regular meeting Tuesday Oct 7, in loom 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD
Scriveners* Members who have made sales other than at registration leave receipt books for check up at West Desk of. the Union before 4 p ’ J^'^lL^ARDT
TYiPTii- pan -still hp madp until Wpd- sMdent who took Slide Rule lif menu can stni ue maue until vvea stake from check room after Tea dance
nesday evening according to V E Daugherty, district defense train-
ing lepresentative
The couises aie tiee and open to both men and women industrial woikeis, but are not open to Uni-
Sept 30
asked
please return same No questions
Glider Club Open meeting Thursday Oct 9 at 7 p m in room 804 of the Union AH new members and applicants urged to attend —CAFFEE
Anyone wishing to try out in a dance band call Bob Winner (OT) Phone 6028
All Ag Chems Meet in front of Ag hall Tuesday Oct 7 at 7 30 p m for outing at West Side country club —McLaughlin
Tau Beta Pi Election of members at 7pm Wednesday Oct 8 in room 212 of the Union Important that all members attend —MUNGER
Lost Fiaternity key award with white ciobs on black background Tmde please notify Dibos 2362 Reward
Actfvities Bureau Sophomore Workers Important meeting Tuesday Oct 7 at 4 16 p m in the Bureau office —ALSON
iroiHitiT ofnriontc! With tbp PYppn Faculty Members Have you Academic veiSlty StUaentS witn tne excep Uood relmed 01 better still buy an ART
Phi Lambda Upsilon W E Vogler will speak at the meeting Thmsday Oct 9 in room 106 of the Chemistry building Keys and shingles are here —BRANNER
Sigma Delta Psi Short meeting Wed nesday Oct 8 at 7 16 p m in rooln 804 of the Union for those who have passed seven or more tests —HANSEN
YWCA Service Group sWill Meet Tomorrow
tion of the time and motion study appointm^ent call Mr , , , „ , , F Willaid King Hotel I ahr Artcraft course which meets on Tuesday and Mfg Co of Giand Rapids
the
• Southtvorth’s
Membeis of the YWCA social set tlement gioup who aie inteiested in the settlement house, Caiy Home, and Gill Reserves will meet in the YWCA office at 4 p m tomoiiowto elect a chaiiman for their gioup This gioup diiects classes in sewing, cooking, and handiciaft at the settlement house, lecieation at Caiy Home, and sponsois the Gnl Reseives Anyone inteiested in this woik IS invited to attend the meet-
“This squa(i of women drivers is my secret weapon ’—They’ll mg i m f create a traffic jam that the advancing Blue Army will he pow-
Thursday evenings, the courses meet at 7 on Monday and Wednes-
day evenings
People inteiested in the couise
Student II\rn extra money in your spare time No waiting for commissions See Gordon B lotnci Olnn Mills Studio 216
State St
Lost LI Dtcitno Slide Rule in square
should go to the room that the class Brown
“ 2190 Rtwaid IS meeting at the time that it is
scheduled
(h IMl^Chlcago Ti»n*8 Jn^
-o ■Ttrr All n
I IlDll VIUg«|iV
'fitg u s, Pat -OtU AH Rta
Among the courses being oifeied IS a class in electiical engineeiing, meeting in loom 303 of the Chemi cal and Metallurgical Engineeimg Building on Monday and Wednes-
day evenings The course is taught umon“S''7^3o”p‘"'m*^
by Prof L E Beck of the Electii-
Notices
Silver Mask Important meeting for those interested m obtaining equipment and lock-
in room S03 of the
-TOWER
cal Engineeimg School Lee G Pi- CE 41 (Hydraulics) An examination , V 1 for the removal C C and I grn les will be gage, of the geneial engineering from l to 4 p m Satmday October 11
in room 12^ Heav Ion Hall Permission to
eiless to untangle ”
..Simpson-Smith
when he sang the pait of Amonasro in “Alda ” His first appearance with the Metiopolitan Opeia Com pany was also in 1923, and his lole was that of Valentine in “Faust ” Tibbett was chosen four times in succession as “best classical singei” by ladio editois, and is veiy popular today, as shown by his annual conceit touis ovei the nation
WAA
WAAF 950 NBC
The night is dark and the lain IS pounding the ground to a muddy pulp Peyton Hall, vague and misty, looms ahead Suddenly theie is a shot—^then a scieam. Ah ha— there’s been “Muider m Peyton Hall ” Just who called in Chailie Bainet to solve this mystery yve don’t know, but he suiely goes through tlje place like a demond through the inferno Barnet’s sax really does most of the sleuthing with some mighty lugged drums backing it up in the tight spots This record is rather on the differ ent side, but then it seems that most of Barnet’s leally good numbers have been pietty original with Bainet
The conductois who will lead the NBC Symphony Oichestia this sea son lepiesent a hackgiound as international as the music they will diiect This evening’s opening pio j!,ram will be directed by Dimitii Mitiopaulos, a Greek The otheis in elude Russian, Aigentmian, Canad lan, Hungaiian, Negio, and Amen can conductois Listen at 8 30 p m ovci NBC foi the fiist conceit
Paiticipants in the fiist foui games of the WAA tennis touina ment, which officially began yestei day afteinoon, must have completed then matches by tomoiiow evening This announcement applies to the following Doiothy Platt vs Bai baia Fold Mildied Smith vs Eve lyn Shubei, Nancy Coopei vs Isa hell Biady and June Gan aid vs Hainet Campbell Any coed who still wishes to entei the tournament must have had thiee piactices by tomonow c j w
department is teaching time and motion study in room 112 A M Biamblett, chief engineei of the Peeiless Wiie company is teaching pi eduction engineeimg in loom 307 E C Miller, of the School of Metal luigical Engineeimg, and T F Me Coimick, of the Aluminum Com
take the (xaminalion must be obtained from the undersit,ncd prior to October 9
—b W GREVE
Modern Dance Piactices will be held on Monday Wc Incsd ly and Fiiday at 4 and on Tuesday at 7 in the gym —SERBAN
Senior Mechanical Engineers Those plan nin to use Univeisity Placement Service are expected t attend one of the follow 1 g meetings in loom 207 of the Meehan
. -i 1 *1 , ical Lngineeiing Bi ilding at 4 p m on Tiies pany, teach classes in elemental y jay October 7 or Wednesday October 8
—BOLZ
metalluigy, in looms 110 and 111
Pi of J N Arnold of the geneial Novice Pistol Stuknts desiring to fire , . . , 1 in the thii I novic^ pistol group starting engineeimg depaitment is te'xching luesdiy Oct -’i may sign up m tie sup a couise in engineeimg fundamen- ai^^^How —brown tals, in loom 304 of the Chemical Novice Pisfol All st idtnts firing in the
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
WLS - 890 - NBC
New Jobbey Discussed While we’re speaking of diffeient things, let us bring up a little 30b bey that we lan across yesterday There has never been anything like this before as fai as we know and boy it’s darn clever Sidney Bechet IS responsible for the idea and car ries it out too He’s made a lecoid ing of the “Sheik of Aiby ’ with seven different instiuments and he plays them all—and at the s^me time As far as we know, he le eoided each instrument separately and man oh man does that call foi pel feet timing This recoid itself isn t any musical masterpiece, but it certainly is something to maivel and it makes a wonderful collec tion item Sidney featuies both Ins tenor and alto sax on this disk If you lecall Bechet has played quite a bit with the Chamhei Music So ciety of Lower Basin Stieet and is lanked as one of the great sax men of his time
Pied Allen is doing hi« bit for hemispheie hilarity, by inviting Caimen Midanda to his piogiam to-’^ morrow night Listeners, if you haven’t seen Miranda yet, you had hettei start somewheie Why not lend an eai ’ Evei since we saw ‘ That Night in Rio ’ some time ago, oui pulse goes soit of funny when hei name is mentioned Listen at 8 p m ovei CBS
University Hook Store
Across form Ui ion Red Soninois 29 Doc Epplo 40
and Metalluigical Engineeimg Building Piof I Walleisteiii, ol physics department, is teaching ap lied spectioscopy in loom 105 of the new Physics building C T Ma lek, of geneial engineeimg, is teaching two classes in engineeimg diawing m loom 203 of Michael Golden Shops
nd novice
that they mi of the Lroui
pistol frro ip arc rcmindtd it ittcnd the first mcetinj? r c day Oct 7 —BROWN
Exponent Freshmen New men are as s i,ne I t woil as follows Waring and Goo Ic Wedncfal y —KUEENER
Undergraduate Dames will hold open } i c 111 sdiy Oct 7 it 7 SO p m in the West Faculty lounge of the Un on —VOLLNER
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting lues] y Oct 7 in room 305 of the Uni n —LOCKWOOD
Classified Ads
Alpha Phi Omega Open meeting Tues d y Oct 7 at 7 10 p m m loom 304 of the Ui 1 r JuJlg 1 irki son will st eak —SIGLLR
riying Club Ih ic will le a regular m tinL 1 i ill m mb is at 30 p m on W 1 lay Oct b 1 8 in loOm 307 of the Un on —HABICHT
Typewriters—Ad ling machines all makes sold lented repaired and purch isod Mim eogiaph and multigraph work done C J Lbershoff 606 Main Phone 2779 Lafayette
Tnlm Club There w ll bo a meeting for 11 L 11 wl erne me 1 sday Oct 7th i t 7 0 ) ni It vi!l I hell in thg Womtns I o(jl ai 1 tl e c v 11 I no 1 us noss meeting —KRAEI ELILN
Wanted student to care for furnace for oom 627 Slate St W Lafayette
WAA No council meeting Thursday Oet ) PIDGLON
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
I or Rent Smsle room very reasonable 22o West Lutz
Ceres Imi oi tai t ; 11 oom iO ol tl (
t ng T lesday Oct Jnion it 10 p m —CHI SlIR
If Your Pen Is Clogged, or in Anyway in Need of Repair
RUN!!
Don’t Walk —to —
cnnif« ci
fWMI BOOK TOE
t06>10 IIATC ITRCn
Win UFAVUTI iNO
Your pen will be repaired by a faetory trained expert on onr guaranteed 24-hour serviee basis on local repair.
l Bill $ SOPPIV STDBE
308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, IND
Southworth’s
Your school year if your hair THE MAR!NEL10
Will be successful IS styled at BEAUTY PARLOR
229 N 4th St
Fowler Hotel
Phone 6878
WMAO - B70 - NBC
• Radio Review If you don’t believe the Dodgeis have fans, listen to this ditty It’s by living Caisai, of MBS We of fer no comment other than that the complete lyiics aie available at the Exponent office Who woke Biooklyn fiom hei nap And who put baseball on the map ’’ The Yankees’ No’—The Dod gers' Who has looteis by the load At Ehbets Field oi on the loid’ The Yankees’ No’—The Dod geis’ There’s many a Bow’ry flophouse That’s home sweet home to lodgers Because fhey’vc lost their co coanuts Betting against thi Dodgeis, Who got ev’iy man ltd man To turn his wile into a fan’ The Yankees’ No’—The DodgeisT etc
Won r 720 . MBS BIOGRAPHY
Lawrence Mcivil Tibbett ban tone, was boin m Bakcisfield Cali foima, November 16 1896 Aftci voice tiaming by stvcial expeits at such schools as the Univeisity ol Cdlifoinia and New Yoik Univeisity, he appealed on the conceit stage for the fiist lime at Los An geles in 1917 His opeiatie dehut was in the Hollywood Bowl in 1923,
Have fun - be friendly Treat yourself and others to fresh-tasting Wrigley’s Spearmint Gum The Flavor Lasts
SDMETHIIVG FREE!!
Yes, Students you get something FREE every time you read
the
Purdue Exponent
You get free speech, free opinion— these that form the bulwark of freedom for which we American students stand.
The Exponent has always and always shall stand, in every battle for the protection of student rights, student opinion, and student thought.
W A '
vf
iM
11 i