EPITORIAL SAYS Be Patient, Cooperate With Rationing Board
Established 1889
xpcyteni * Curtiss, Right?
MERRYGO-ROIIHP Tells Of New Invention" To Warm Airplane Engines
Ydlume 55, No. 93 .n.
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 23, 1943
iversity Plans Special Degrees For Reservists
Senior Air Corps Diplomas Based On Individual Merit
P|A Presents Lawrence Welk s Music
"Little Champagne Lady' Featured As Vocalist
Lawrence Welk
“Champagne Music” by Lawrence Welk and his orchestra will start the evening for the PIA mid-term dance to be held Friday night from 8 until 11:30 in the Union ballrooms. Lawrence Welk and his band played at the Edgewater Beach Hotel arid the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago recently. Featured with Welk is Jayne Walton, “The Little Champagne Lady”, who was chosen —
bacapse her type of voice blended nicely with his particular style of music. Jayne lived for several years in Mexico, and introduced the Mexican waltz, “Maria Elana” to this countl’y in 1941. His music is predominated by strings and leed instruments to obtain the “bouncing” rhytljm that gave him the title of "Bubbles in the Wine” for his orig-
inal theme song.
Featured As “Semester Buster” The dance will be a mid-term dance almost to the hour and will be featured by the PIA as a “semester buster.” The backdrop will exhibit a blackboard on which a scene depicting a student thumbing his
A. Tyler Hull To Lecture Tomorrow At 4, 7:30 Speaker Will Show Movies, Tell Experiences Of Life In Far East
By Dan Forsythe ,
A. Tyler Hull, Jr., world traveler and newsreel cameraman, will be on the campus tomorrow afternoon and evening to present his motion pictures and to lecture on the Far East. He will make two appearances in the Music Hall, once at 4:00 p. m. on “Free China” and at 7:30 p. m. on “Asia Now”. Admission to the lectures will be by passport or by season ticket and single admission
4-H Leaders' Conference Begins Today
ticket, which will be on sale at each session for 55 cents each. Service men in uniform will be admitted free. The doors of the Music Hall will open fcfi' the lec-
University officials will conduct a 4-H leader training conference for
A. T. Hull
. . popular maestro who will
nose at a professor will be drawn play for the PIA dance Friday CeTiIrll Dislric"Nm
The design on the music stands will night be a goblet of champagne with the _____
letters “L” and “W”. May Be Last Name Band
Accprding to W. S. Fletemeyer, Assistant Auditor of Student k)rg«nizations, Lawrence Welk may be one of the last big name bands for any pampus dance, due to the cut in the number and availability of bands because of diaft and trans-
portation shortages.
Other members of the band aic Bill Kaylor, baiitone vocalist; Holly Swanson, vocal comedian; Red Howe, “Czar” of the drums, and the “two nitwits.” Lawrence Welk, himself, is still featured on his favorite instrument, the accordion on which he started his career in the world
of musical entertainment.
The dance will be informal and free to members of the PIA. Tickets
WBAA To Interview Mid-Term Freshmen Tonight At 7:30 Auditions foi mid-semester freshmen will be held in the lower flooi of the Hall of Music studios of WBAA tomorrow evening at 7:30
p. m.
An audition is merely designed to determine whether the student has a pleasant radio voice and a pleasing radio personality. No experience is necessaiy to apply for an audition and fieshmen aie urged to
University today. Rotaiy Clubs throughout the State are conducting similar conferences. There are 27 counties in the Central District, and these counties have 22 Rotary Clubs within their boundaries. To Emphasize War-Time Problems The one day conference is designed to enable adult 4-H leaders to discuss any problems that wartime conditions may cause. “Food For Victory 4-H Clubs” will also be a topic for geneial discussion. The meetings vill begin at 9 this morning with group singing conducted by A1 Stewart. The group will then sepaiate with agricultural club leadeis in one group and economics club leaders in the
other.
Aftei lunch the confeience will continue with music, group sessions and recreation in charge of F. L.
Placement Service Publishes Pamphlet On University Women Placement Service for Women has published, and is i-cleasing today, a new booklet setting forth ways in which women can best serve in our present war effoit and in peace in the yeais to follow. This book should be of special interest to freshmen and sophomore women as well as to those who will enter the University in the future.
Lists Fields For Women
In the appropriately titled “Puidue Trains Women to Seive in Wai and Peace,” subjects have been listed which vary in their substance from business, civil service and electronics, to jlre-law, and well known engineering and home economics courses. Each topic includes names of jobs and other oppor-
tunities in these fields.
Copies of this pamphlet may be obtained at the AWS office, the offices of the Residence Halls and at the office of Placement Service foi Wofiien by any who is interested.
Youth Seeks
To Obtain Vote
ninp:
sebsion.
followed by a summarizing
Proi. Ellis To Speak On Soil Problems
attend. On the basis of the audi-
tor the dance will go on sale at the tions, the aspirants are assigned to McReynolds of the University 4-H door for non-members at the piiCe announcing, script-wiiting or gen- gtaff. Dinner will be held in the eve-
of $1.10 per couple. eral broadcasting woi’k.
Former WBAA’s In Radio Many students who r-eceivcd eaily
training at WBAA are now employed in other broadcasting companies, and the training offered here could prove veiy valuable. WBAA offers a variety of fields of
radio besides announcing, such as a meeting of the Soil Science Sopioduction, diamatics, vocal work, en-ty will be held tomorrow at 7 musical broadcasts, script writing, p. m, in room 104 of the Agiicultural sportbcasting and special events. Hall. Prof. N. K Ellis of the UniStudents with talent will be offered versity Expeiiment Station will disoppoitunities to take part in Radio (.^53 “Soil Problems in Muck FarmStage, Caminis Varieties, and ,„j, and Their Solutions”. Dramatized News Piofessor Ellis, who came to the These auditions aie for mid- University in 1935 from Michigan semester freshmen only, since leg- to study the problems of farming ular auditions weie held earlier the organic soils in muck areas, will this seniestei. present the lesults of his lesearch.
Magazine Articles Honor Stratton, Gray
Features Describe SPARS, Orphan Annie
became an immediate success. In 1925, when Gi ay introduced the labulously wealthy Daddy Warbucks, Publisher Joseph Medill Pat-
Foimer Dean of Women, Doiothy terson snorted, “Whoever heard of Stiatton, and Ilaiold Giay, class of a iich orphan?” and ordered the ’17 and cieatoi of the famous “Little strip killed. The first day of Annie’s Orphan Annie” comic strip, were non-appearance, the Tribune switchboth featured m the March issue of board was flooded with calls. After Coronet magazine. Dean Stiatton this public i esponse, Annie returned IS now head of the SPARS, women’s to the public. Patterson even wiote
March of Youth, Inc., an oiganization proposing the extension of
an editorial apologizing for his mis-
take.
Annie Stars Junior Commandos Annie’s transition last year from
Coast Guaid auxiliary, and will be honored with a personality sketch and drawing m the magazine. Harold Gray, w'ho was voted the Uni-
the right to vote to those 18, 19 and versity’s most famous alumnus last an eveiyday chaiacter to a national 20 years old, recently sent a lettei June, is featuied m an article tell- figure maiked the change from i to the Student Senate asking them mj. of the biith and giowth of the comic stiip to a cosmic strip, de
to express their opinion upon the “Oiphan Annie” strip subject. “ Orphan Annie Born In 1934 Any student who feels that he According to the ai tide, G-ray was would like to express an opinion boi 11 on Januaiy 20, 1894, lived near on the pioposal may write to the Kankakee, 111., 111 his youth and W’ont Student Senate m the Union. The to work for $15 a w'cek as cub leqiiestlon is important now' because porter and art department helper of the growing participation of for the Chicago Tribune after gradyounger men in the vaiious mil- iiatmg from the University. In 1924
itary and naval service branches. “Little Oiphan Annie” was bom and school childien,
dares the Coronet article. Since she couldn’t go to war, but Haiold Gray IS m earnest about winning the war, Annie organized the Junior Commandos. They staited selling war bunds and stamjis; they staited picking up scrap-iron and rubbei. With his comic stiip. Gray organized a nation-wide movement among
At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the University yesterday afternoon, it was decided that special consideration should be given to the candidates for degrees who were
called to active duty with the Air Corps Enlisted Reserves.
The committee voted that the heads of each school should investigate the records of the Air Corps seniors in their respective schools who were candidates for degrees at the end of the present semester and should make recommendations to the
executive committee as to the action that should be taken in
each particular case.
Under present regulations seniors who are candidates for degrees at the end of any term but are obliged to withdraw at a date after the end of eight weeks but before the end of the ' ' — - term because of induction into
military service shall be given full credit for each course to which they are assigned, if they have a passing grade at the time of withdrawal. Their grade in the course shall be determined by their record up to the date of withdrawal and their degree will be conferred at the end of the semester if they meet all the require-
ments.
Special Action Warranted Since the Air Corps Reservists
Student War Council Will Maintain ERG Information Booth
War Information Office to be sponsored by the Student War Council will start Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Room 312 in the Union. The office will be open regularly Monday thi'ough Friday from 4 to 5:30. University officials suggested that such an office be planned as a service to students. Heading this council is Don Brewer with Bill Lester as assistant di-
rector.
Students To Have Information There will be five people to interview and answer any questions whether the student be in the reserves or not. Each of these five persons will have a specific subject. There are as follows; Army and Navy Air Corps Reserve; Navy, Maiine, and Coast Guard; ERG,
P-Men To Hold 'Blanket Hop' This Saturday Following the Wisconsin game next Saturday night the P-Men’s Club will sponsor, the annual Blanket Hop in the Union Ballrooms. “P” blankets will be award-
ed to men of the last grraduating were forced to leave school beCo]|e class and men who are leaving at the eight week deadline, it was felt
the end of the present semester who
have earned a major letter. Lettermen Will Wear Sweaters The blankets ai‘e to be purchased
with the money Ijaken in at the dance. It is intended that the dance be very informal so students can come directly to the dance from the
. . world traveler and newsreel cameraman, will show pictures tomorrow taken on his journies in the Far East. tuies at 3:30 p. m. and 7.00 p. m. respectively. World Traveler Hull has been a fiequent visitor to the Oiient from his early youth. His father devised a unique educational piogram for him which required Hull to attend a different school 01 uiuvoisity each semester and to take a world cruise each summer. To him, the far off parts of the world were not just a list of names to be remembeiod in gcogiaphy, for he had visited almost all of them in the couise of his
travels.
Foi seveial yeais he conducted a senes of bioadeasts over a West Coast station, but with the outbreak of full-scale Japanese offensive against China, he packed his cameras and left foi the Orient. Witnessed Jap Occupation In the spring of 1941 he was in French Indo-China to witness the Japanese occupation of l/ases ceded by Vichy. He also filmed the invasion of Thailand. When he letuined to the United Slates in the fall of 1941, he had more than 200,000 feet of film shot in China, Japan, Mongolia, Maiicluikuo, Fi’ench Indo-China, Thailand, the Stiaits Settlements, and the Nethcilands East Indies. Ills motion pietuies of these war aienas aie complete documentaly films, eoveiing oveiy phase of the wai’s development, the giadual Japanese encroachment of the mainland, and life not only in piesent w'ai zones but in the countries menaced by Nippon’s expansion. Many of these films, w'hieh have leceived wide acclaim and professional honor, will be shown along with his lectines tomoiiow. It should be noted by all students and season ticket holders that passports 01 sea.son tickets will be good lor admissiqn to both lectures. The 55 cent single admission ticket will admit the bearer to one lecture only 'Pickets for both sessions may be puichased sepaiately.
Signal Corps Reserve and all other basketball game. Lettermen and
students who have earned numerals are asked to wear their sweaters to the hop. The backdrop will featui'e an Indian standing in fi-ont of a wigwam with a “P” blanket draped around his shoulders. Tickets are on sale in the Union, fraternity houses, and Cary Hall for $1.10. Maury Mahn will furnish the
music.
Emrick Writes Bomber March Piofessor P. S. Emrick, director
cooperate with the Exponent in the of Military and Symphonic Bands,
is the author of a new piece, “The Flying Fortress March”. He received the idea for the march while visiting his son, a major in the Air Force, at Washington, D. C., during the Christmas holidays. After arranging it for the University Band, Professor Emrick last week heard it played! for the first time by the
reserves; (Girl) SPARS, WAACS and WAVES; draft status, deferments, refunds, loans, etc. Persons on the board who will answer these questions are juniors and seniors chosen for their capabilities. University officials will refer all students to the War Information Office who want any of the above points
discussed.
To Discuss Draft Status This afternoon the new officer’s will meet with Prof. Hockema, Capt. Robinson, and Dean Knapp ■to discuss student status in the
draft.
The War Infoimation Office will
release of information to students
as soon as possible.
Alpha Phi Omega
. . . national service fraternity, announces the pledging of the following students: H. W. Wiemann, Carl Winkler, Sanford Walin,
James R. Brown, Jeriy Colten, Alan Symphonic Band.
F. Culbertson, Arthur Cons, Herb
Harrington, Douglas North, Keith Dr. H. H. Remmers
Law, Russell M. Lipes, Allan John-
son, John Miehel, William F. John- ... of the Division of Educational son, Hariy Koeppen, Carl R. Pink- Reference, is in Washington, D. C. eiton, Richard Raven, Donald J. today as special consultant to the Roth, P. W. Strong, and Dick Navy in relation to its testing proWheaton., gram.
Playshop Will Present Arsenic And Old Lace
Opening Date Set For March 10
Bj Madelyn Grotnes Playshop’s fouith pioduction of the yeai, “Aiscnic and Old Lace” has been cast. The play will be presented Wednesday through Saturday, Maich 10-13, in Fow'ler Hall. J. 0. Kcsseliing is responsible tor this hit “Aisenic and Old Lace” IS a cleverly written and sententiously acted faice-comedy. It is a haium-scarum story with swift and convincing logic. The stoiy centeis around two lovable aunts played by Beckyn Ann Per\ ine and Lois Jane Vaughn. The two spiiited sisteis have poisoned twelve homeless gentlemep and poison their 13th m the last scene. Twenty-Five Corpses Jonathan Brewster is poitiayed by Jack Scarff who has a score of twelve coipses making a total of twenty-five. Their insane bi other Teddy Brewster imagines he is Theodoie Roosevelt and buries the bodies in the cellar under the de-
lusion that he is digging the Panama Canal. Harold Warren success-
fully handles this part.
Elaine Harper, played by Barbara Nord, and Mortimer Biewster, played by John Clark, present the love interest in the murder, madness and humor plot. John Pattei’-
son portrays Dr. Einstein. Other Members Of Cast
The/ remainder of the cast is as follows: Dr. Harper, Jim Yingst; Officer O’Hara, George Sykes; Officers Bi’ophy and Klein, Justin Meachain and Charles Greenhill; Lt. Rooney, Seyipour Greenw'ald; Mr. Gibbs, Arthur Barab; Mr.
Witheispoon, Bill Bacheldor.
The various crew' heads aie as follows: make-up, Caiolyii Wood and Elaine Kail; properties, Anne Bradley and Grant Fieldon; stage. Jack Neumann and Lee Fishback; lighting, Carroll Martindell; costumes, Elizabeth Kissam; and spe-
cial effects, Barton Wood. Mail Orders Open Today
Tickets are 75 cents and may be pill chased at the box office. Mail
orders may begin today,
that some special action should be
taken.
Bone Fire Removes Vital Aluminum Pan From AGR Household Early morning risers in the Alpha Gamma Rho house Sunday were greeted with a thick, fdul smelling smoke which shrouded the entire first floor and had caused many light sleepers in the dorms to sniff the air cautiously. Minds were filled with visions of a serious conflagration, and thoughts immediately turned to the location of fire extinguishers. Further investigation revealed the source of trouble to be a huge bone in a large aluminum pot on the kitchen stove. The only remains of the bone were a few charred cinders, while the pot was full of holes and covered with a black soot. McCormick Guilty Detectives from the AGR house found the culprit to be Jim McCoi’mick, prexy of Green Potters and Skull and Crescent pledge. Jim was boiling a bone for part of his pledgeship customs, and had left the pot on the fire all night without replenishing the water supply. A new bone and a new pot are expected to be furnished. Speech Class Brings Rumors Of Students' Hidden Past To Light Speech 11 students have been studying speaking with vocal force. To get the proper feeling and force into their speeches, they were assigned to give a short speech impersonating a coach of an athletic team, pledge master, or any other person who is accustomed to use forceful speaking. One student in Professor Horn’s class was imitating the style of a miner trying to get his fellow workei’s to strike. “You men aren’t getting enough money. You, Jack,” he said, pointing to a student in one corner of the room, “You have a son in the hospital, and you don’t have near enough money to pay his expenses/” Then, pointing to another studeAt in the second row, he said, “You, Tom, have nine kids—” “Don’t point at me,” bi’oke in the student. “I’m entirely innocent.”
Cadettes You may obtain a subscription to the Exponent in the main offlen of Wood Hall at any time the next week. Please be siiim to include your box number aa well as your name on the subscription blank.4^1
w
vrm‘^k>sX>.pY
Page Si
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, February 23, 1943
Purdue Exponent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Honorary Editor lUmm G Hoskins ith the 111 rs
Editor Business Manofrer News Editor Manasintr t dit r Senior Advertising Manogcr Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executiic
Dale h But? Gerhard H Klouman Uobert W Boswinkle Sails BentI lames G Petty Joseph S Dawson Jean Laiier A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editorial Stall Associate Editcrs 1 1 \ ph 1 T Rich id i T 1 ^ilt n W H lysen W L \ imilioi M 1 Sn tli C C Martin dell E Murphv Coed Staff PinlhsMain Martin 1 ec Kit,(,s C iroljn Wilbur Elaine Ahren Sports Staff C Sowards T Acl rnsi D Shrycr R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Adycrtising Manager T Till i _ . Advertising Managers 1 1 1 \on C Oa i t J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kroci 1 i Accounts Manager Man Flit
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor ^ ermilion Sports Editor Smith Day Editor Riggs Issue Editor Stephenson Reporter's ( n I i \t Il'imm I Will im IVIitilK.ll Ford \arpar \\ ii si R chu 1 on Stci Itig Hal n S indcrs
Entered as second class matter at the post office 11 Lafaj ette Indiana under the ait of Congress of March 3 IS^D and at the spec al rate (f i ostage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 101 authoiired January 20 1922 Published or 'luesd'iv Thur lav Eri lav an 1 Sunday mornipgs during the yeai Delivered locally ly carrier for $1 75 for a semester or 33 00 for tvo s lie tors by ma 1 for $2 00 for a semester or 33 vO for tv o sem t is Represented for nation i alveit ing bv National Advcrtis ing Service Inc College P blishcis Representatives 420 Madison Avc New Yoik N Y
qiie mSHMTOM
Tm Re^ U V P-l Ort
Food Rationing. . . YesteidaA afternoon in the West Reception loom of the Union Gold Peppeis, women’s actiMties honoiai>, began to issue wai lation book two to the students of the Unueisity The issuance of the books will continue foi five days fiom 1 to 5 30 in the afternoon It is not an easj- ]ob to issue appioximately 5,000 books in the h\e del’s peiiod and simple mathematics leieals that about 250 must be issued pel hoLii This means that cieiyone must coopeiate if the job i"? to be completed efficiently and on time Much confusion and delay will be avoided if the students remembei to bi ing wai lation book one to the legistration Fraternities soioiiticv, co op houses, halls and othei oiganized houses can submit then applications in a gioup and thus simplify the pioceduie Gold Peppeis ha\e \oluntcered to perfoim this task which is under the geneial sponsorship of the Wai Council They do not leceive pay foi then sei\ ices so let us have patience and coopeiate with the oigamzation m this laige undei taking As we sign up foi these new books, it might be well to biieflv in\estigate the problem in the hope that we may disco\ei some of the causes back of the food lationmg piogiam American farmeis with the help of favorable mopping seasons and the food foi fieedom program hav e bioken all lecoids foi food pro duction, but a laige pai t ot then pioduct must be used as weapons Vast quantities of food have been shipped to England and the food stoies that accompanied oui soldieis to Afiica helped to win the suppoit of the Algeiians and Moroccans Oui food has helped bolstei the present Russian offensive and in the future it may be the deciding factoi in w inning the support of the people in the occupied countiies During the wai boom, millions of people m the low income brackets aie enioying higher incomes and aie spending moie money foi food In addition to this, large quantities ot food are being utilized by oui armed lorces in all paits ot the globe and we take gieat piide in having the best ted aimy in the world It is piincipally because of these good and sufficient lea^'ons that we have to obtain wai lation book No 2 in oidei that we may equitably divide the icmainmg supply of food It we ti} to get moie than oui shaic, we hint chief!’''' oiuselves because in this wai, oui inteiests aie identical with qui neighbois We aie fighting the same fight The point scale w hich v\ announced m j e v teidaj’s papeis lepiescntel a diastic leduc tion fiom last yeai in the amount ol tood a\ ail able toi ci\ ilian consumption Thei e will pi ob ably be a lot of complaining about the seventy of the lation piogiam but we must lemembei that we will '^till be the best fed nation on eaith We may think that V4e aie being starved, but a glanc^ at the Geiman lationing piogiam will snow us that \ e aie compaia tiveh well off —d c b
S^Avicn. SRdp£A. Lt. Noel L. Kitchen 1 0) t WaMK ; ) Iflu Utu in thi. 4j L class oi Aviation Cvdcts ami i i ov\ conimis lontcl He j,rdd uatt 1 liom AIooic ticld To ii d aKnulcd the Lni vei Jt> n Vi/J 10
Major Lynn A. Breece has been piunoLml luni ink ji ciptain in the aim 111 foue Hi i idu I d Ik in tie Hrii\eisit\ in 1 no ai d w as a ei\ ihai i li 11 i Chu Lite I lekl beicic henij, c ille i int j aetn ei \ i Lieutenant Harvey R. Hall v\ ho iecn\id hu H S (I(j.k( in ihi mieal i npi netung lioin tin l!nivejsit\ in 1941 has been pio
MERRY-GO-ROUKD Ry DREW PEARSON Employee Gives Patent To Army; U. S. Pays $70,000 A Day Toward Piping Oil To East Coast ■WASHINGTON—The Justice Depaitmcnt has been investigating v sitiution at Wiight rielil Dayton Ohio Mlieic 111 invention patented by a civilian cm ployec has not been placed on lend lease aiiplanes The cmplovee is Weldon Woitli, who has patented an invention lor warming up airplane engines Ordinarilj w hen an airplane engine starts cold and has to w arm itselt up the sudden expansion of metal gradu alb lessens its life The Woith patent is aimed to save this weai and teai and lengthen the life of the engine Ml Woilh being employed it the An Foicts big piocuiement and development centei gave his invcii tioii fiec to the aimy Ilowevei ahigeputofU b planes aic now sent to the Eussians ami Biitish is pait of lend lease, and Justice Dcpaitment officials siy that Woith has not peimitted his patent to be used on lend lease planes without payment of a loyalty When U S companies, making lend lease planes seek to use this invintion, they get a lettei fiom Woith s law film of Hams and Hams Dayton Ohio icmindmg them of the necessity of making loyalty payments Ml Woith when questioned by the Washington Mcnj Go Riouncl legaiding this said it had not been decided as yet whcthci lend lease planes wcie “com mcicial He also stated that the loyalty he was ask ing was “veiv ioa«onablt’, and that it seemed non sense to quibble ovoi a small loyalty when the cost involved in many lend lease planes went well ovei flOO 000 Meanwhile the Govcinmont takes the position that since the patent was given fioc to the Aimy the Government should not pay a loyalty foi its use on lend lease planes But the aviation plants making the planes say that Hams and Hams have warned them that a loyalty will have to be paid Theiefoie, since the aviation maiiufactuieis cannot collect a loyalty fiom the Government the lend lease planes going to Russia and England aie simply not getting the bene fit of the engine waimmg invention And m Russia they ceitamly need it 9 Subsidisar^g Fuel Oil The public is largely unawaie of the fact that the Government is paying out about $70,000 a day to help meet the cost of moving oil to the east coast This is in addition to the Government’s investment in pipe
lines
The paj ment is made to meet the difference between the cost of shipping oil by tankei and the cost of shipping it b> tank car In short it is a subsidy to meet the higher cost of rail transportation When the submaiines chove us to oveiland oil ship ment officials figuied that the dilTcicnce in cost would be about 95 cents a baiiel Should this be added to the cost of the gasoline mil oil and be paid by the con sumei ’ OPA said No it s i vv u cost and should not be borne by eastern consumeis ruitheimoie it will inciea^e the spiial oi iiiflition So the Govcinmenl ibsoibs the diffticncc What actuilly happens is th it Jesse Jones thiou^h his Defense Supplies Coipoi ition pij-s an avciagc of 95 cents a baud on ill oil shipped fiom the Gulf 11 ei to the east coast And suite the daily movement bv lank tai is about TiOOOO bauds the bill iiins up to well ovci $70 OOU a day Note—Advoe lies of the rioiida C an il point to the f ict that if it had bucn completed when begun in the tally New Deal d ua it would now be possible to ship all the oil we need bj the ip and safe inland watei w aj s ® Russian Socialism Wanes Ihc Russian aie doing moie than rtveriuig the direction of Na2i mihtaij movement Thej are also reversing ceitain important political and social diret tions Vmencans in KuaSia now icport the reappearance ot shouldei insignia on the oflictrs of the Red Aimj — foi the first time since the daik dajs ot the Rcvolu
tion
In those d qs offieeis who suppoitcd the Bolshevik movement toie the epaulets fiom then umfoims as i maik of dcmoeiaev Those who failed to do so weic legal (led as enemies of the Revolution and m some extieme cases mobs attiekcd them diove nails thiough the epaulets into then shouldeis Thtie IS also a change m official avvaids oi clecoia lions indicating th it Bolshevik '-coin foi heioes of the p 1st IS vanishing Thiee of the most eovetc 1 deco I ilioiis ol the Soviet Union todaj aie the aw aid ot Nevski who was a 1 Uh Cenluiv Pi nice mil the aw lids ot ‘Suvoiov nncl “Kutuzov whoweieC/ai 1st geiieials at the tim oi Napoleon Also the St Geoige s Gioss which would hive been loin fiom the bieast of the weuci a few yeais ago has made its leappeaiaiec it official function Ihc U S public has the impiession of modem Rus sians as chested in eouse foimlcss clothing but icpoits fiom the USSR today state that Red Aimj officeia chess with such punctilio qs to make Ameucan oil ceis look shabby bv eompauson « Capital Chaff Geneial Lisenhowei has sent word to Washington that theie aie too manv news eouespoiidents i unmng around North \tned and he wants no more except as leplaeements VI ai Depaitinent figures it costs them 000 a reel to make pietuies such as Pi elude at War’ which bein„. a six reelei cost about $51 000 Budget Bureau has prepaied a plan toi eonsolidat ing all picture making blanches of War Dcpaitment— Signal Corps \ii Goips Special Seivices and Stia tegie Services Ihe U S Embassv in Soviet Russia has exhausted its stock ol liquor and hesitates to ask the Soviet Goveinment lor a peimit to import more So the Embassv is ieduced to making cocktails out of vodka at $11 a bottle I be Senate s 75 year old athlete Jheodore Ciieen ol Rhode Island eats a but leied nuiliin and eollce lor hie iKi is( i bowl ot soup and i g! ss of milk (oi IiiirIi (Co))Viighl 111 b\ I lilted 1 L ituie VI (Ik itc Inc) iiiotid to ( apt nil in thi Quaiteima tei (oijis He IS now ( omiiaiq Coinniandei ol C ompany D bth Regi ment m ( imp lies (Ju ii tei m istci Ri jil lei ment II lining f ( ntei
Military Films Wednesday Peb 21—4 p m Aircraft' Identification Identification ot Aiiciaft Reinkle Identific ition of Airciaft Mes'^eischmitt Identification of Focke Wulf Iilentificition of Airciaft Jap Bombei
New 155 gun mount
I line 10 min. lime 10 min Time 17 min Time 10 min Time 10 mm Total Time 57 min
^sihUiA, to the £jdihfL
Coeds Learn To Take Care Of Small Children
Bj Belt} 'VIoiiow
Tiampled by a hoide ol ioiu bquealmg, bundled childien, I picked mysell up fiom the no man’s land between the home of the nuibciy school. Building No 2, and the tuangulai playground Out of the path ol debtiuction and ieehng loi bioken bones, I letieated to a safe distance to obscive With the opening of the gate, the tiicycleb vveie pounced
upon The V ines ‘vci eened most of the activities, but shouts of, “I get the new bike”—“No, I want it” left little foi the imagination to visualize The coed playgiound supervisor intervened, giving the newest toy to the fiist coiitendci—a blonde mild nnnneied (compai ati velv )
miniatuie of Veionica Lake
Interview With Mothei’ Mattson
I sat down on an non I'lilmg and
lemed against a tiee, waiting foi my Intel view with the “mothei ’ ot all the chilclien Pi of Mm ion Matt son iliieetoi ot the nuiseiy school Wffien she miived w e withihew fiom the shouting ehidlien pioeeecleil to the inside playioom nidi talked amiably nbout the weithei and the
wai
‘Ihc ehildien lemaiii seiene and unpcituibed iboiit the vvai except foi spasmodic pciiods as when a plane flies ovoi the plavgiouncl,' voluntecied Piof Mattson She ic latecl that they lefleeted the emo tional envuonmeiit of then home When pal cuts convci seel about bad men bombing the infoimation was usually levelled in vague diocus sions v\ ith othei play m ites Di ama tization ol the wai is expiesseil by playing soldiei Red Cioss muse and pilot Bulletin Boaid Games Pictures The bulletin bond piesentcd pie tuies of the gioup just below the kmdcignten c„e They ue the ehemicils with which the gnis in Niusciy School cuiy out the labo latoiy ibbigiimentb Aftei the moiniiig play outsiile the gioup w ishcb dues on poison il i/cil towels mil n ips foi i tew min utes on foot high eotb Isolation lb OUI most extieme punishment We have iievei hid to icsoit to eoipoial punishment (spanking) That let idmits defeat 111 solving p oble lib b itibfactoiilv Boy Pushes Baby Buggy Laeh is illowed to occupy himseli IS he chooses in the plivioom aftci dunking his iiioining luiee Ihc most dev oted doll e ui; ige pushci is m isciiliiiL iiicl the gills make ex iillcnt 111! ineeis in consliuction woik with wood Aftci i healthy eng igcmcnt with the dolls tiucl s I oils mil telephone one of the coeds in eh U;.,c leadb i btoiy Lunch picpaicil by special dieti till! 1 lived mil obseived seien tih'-ally Reactions to cliffeient foods mi e itii g h ibits Uu btudicil Gives ( oed 1 xpericnec fhefiine ic n of the iiuiseiv school 1 to pi ovule the student with le lull ihildien in OiJei to attempt teaching these childien to play with own age play mites e it eoiieetly md develop in independent altitude aw IV fiom mothei This pi letical Li iinin„ lb held to be mo i ellieieiit 111 developing ehilil teehi ique Lh m i touise evolved entiielv tiini i text
boo'
Deal Sii
I have been healing a lot said iiound campus about conseiving on electiicity iuel, etc and I have often times wondoicd why nothing has been done about copseiving on oui electiicity on e impifs Ofcouise theie ha\e been some steps taken m this ill eetion but one big change could be made which would un doiibtcilly aid considoi ibly m the conseiving of electiicity on cam
pus
One can notice in walking aiouncl the campus that theie is an ovei abundance of eleetiic lights It even seems that some of these lights have been put m place vvhcic no woildly „ooci can be deiivetl fiom
them
Alieady mcasmes have been taken to lid the Umveisitv of these uselcbo lights Poi example the light on Hello Walk has been le moved Howevei thoi e is no wav of telling whethei oi not this is i peimanent fixtine maybe it is being lepaiied In the opinion ol boveial “tudentb the lemovmg ot light peimincntly would add miiih to the conseiving of the electiicity on campus Ot coiiise I do not mean to say that ill lights on campus should Ic lemovcd but I do mean thit theie aic seveiil pi ices tint the lights could be lemovccl mil fhus benefit the Uiiiveibilv Not only will the lemoving ol these uniieecssiiy lights be in ud m the cjnscivin., oi clcctiuitv but these ]i hts could piobihlv be vei well uided to OUI sci ip pile
N line withheld
Scabbard And Blade
miliiuy honoi uv innoime^o
the selection oi the follow in„ pledges foi the wintei turn 1943 Cadet C iptains D II Kie„g C 1
Ilittciy R E Lunta n L A J W Sile IT H W il eland Thiele S I llolfin m C W r I Biyies C G Steit/ Koin C ulet 1st I ts D C
ton V L Singleton It I Lippm in Iv L Gilbeil L I Ryden, W 1 Thompson E G Cool J P Me ich im G L Mycis C 0 Mull P A. Guttiiv $ Amoii P D Pei I 1 W Mu shill II S Winn V W
Biuioug's B J lohi so 1 1 home SI I loy 1 W S 1 111(1 1st LI I 1 Ilemlei
Just Looking Arbund By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson If Representativ'c Foiicbt Harness of this state has his way, bakeiies will once again sell sliced biead Harness has stated that the delivering of unshced bread is both uneconomic and bureaucratic He went on fuithei to say that since the mechanical broad sheer is an almost ideal machine opera,tion which saved millions of man hours each day and which added gitatly to the sanitation of the so-called “staff of life” that the use of this machine should be le eontiiyued As foi bukeis’ piofits when using the machine Harness stated th it the saving m ciumbs ilone almost ex letly effects the me ch inic il costs of slicing
XXX
Ihe N 171S aie taking desperatq measures lo siippiess the flaie-up of black maiket tiadmg which is being used against them as an of leiijivc weapon in the Netheilands Ihe Dutch tiade illegally, both in Older lo incre/se their qvvn meagei lations anifi to keep the extia food fiom German mouths It IS know n that much of the pro dxice that Geimany depends upon both foi her emlians and hei aimv must come lioni the occupied eountnes and with their many schemes toi illegal tiading, loyal Dutehinen are helping our Wdi elTort by tightening Hitler’s belt still anothei notch
X \ X
An eneouiiguig note was given to the Ameiicui people eaily this vfec] when Undciseeictaiy of Wai P ittei-,011 stated that the Wai was
All This and Pay Too? Seniois in adv inced ROTC at Miehig m Stite College will finish thou college eaieei as piivate in stiuctois foi the "111 endets and '■ol dieis that will be stationed theie
soon
The seniois will leeeive pi ivales pay $50 a month food medic ilcaie, and will be quaiteicd on the campus by the aimy Upon the eomplclioii of then education they will be sent to seivice schools is pieviou ly planned —Michigan State News Tch, Tch, Tch . . . Missouri Student says that mem beis of the Alpha Tiu Omega fia teiiHty thoic aie spending then night son the lawns of the vaiious
soioiities The boys say that the ^945
Hess 1 r St u I L I Shcl
sleeping conditions aie ide il but tint the sun aiouses them too eaily on Sunclav moining —Missoiui Student
—E P^
From The Wes!" Coast Evils of Stanloid s piesent soioi ity system have leaehcil i point wheie eithei the cx'sting system must be changed 01 a complete doimitoiy plan substituted Iwo plans to settle the issue aic bemj foimulatei! by i commitlie 111 eluding both soioiitv mil doimitoiy gills who hue Icon ippointecl by the P in Ilellei ic Council One of the bid points oi tne sy s tern which w is cited in miking the chinge IS th it in the coming lush ing pel 10(1 the soioiilies will pled i only 12iwom n vhile 3 51 hue le.. isteieil ioi 111 hing —Daily Califoiniaii
-1 P—
From Middle At-iaiit’ic llm t ibloiil pi tuned Lniveisitv ol Baivl 111(1 iie\spipc,i tool i it stind Moil Ol light in its idi ton il to 1,1 t 11 eomi 1,, lieshmeii 1 i t w oe c These they s ud who do not woik will bf in thi u iiT' soon enough so 111 oulei to. i\i loth the uiiveisit 111(1 the .,ov ei nment time uiil moiiiy it w IS suggested tint ui one 11th lie tegoiy get out now — Ihe Di imond Back
—I P-
8n The Catt'le Country Students ol Ihi Ui ivii ity ol Ol ! ihoiin 11 ill IV mg to slut i 1 lood 1 ink on the e iminis thus pio
tcison then s uil that the estimate w IS not b iseil on a meic guess but on infoimation the Goveinment has been able to g ithci about the wan iiig stieiip-th of the N 7is md oiu own glowing powei L itci he foie told that J ipan will tcel the heavy hand of wai in a w ly it has novel felt bcioie this speech to the Ameucan Laboi Pi ess Association it least shows lh it Unck Sam iloco not think the wn will list toievei viiliiig OIU fighting men with that life saving pi isma thit has become so necissaiy in the medical histoiy of Woild Wu II Ihe plan oiiginaleil it in Intii il iteii ity ( ouneil meeting but the '■luilents expel I it to outgiow those bounds lon„ b loie the movement cts lolling .— Ihe Oklahoni i Daily —L P— iiil The Big Ten C Lils it Ohil SI ite Univeisity hue likiii ovii mothei bi meb of etivilv iisu illy lilleil by men Twen tv eight „iils h ivi joined unilci the (lueeliinof Ptol Mmky Whitcomb (iiiictoi of the conceit inilmiiehing binds to lo m i il nice band Then Ol,, 111/itii n \ ill illiinile with m lie b 1 (Is 111 u im iL L SO campus ( allies uul p u hi s — I he Ohio Slate Lantern
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J R|3;K — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schulti Bldg 4th and Main Sts Phone 5701
TODAY and TOMORROW
I943's N£W lArai HIT! Andy s last fling beforo colleso' Hedd> aches and howls with the whole beloved family]
r r\.. / i
Tuesday^ February 23^ 1943
\ Boilermaker Sports
Fage $
Freshrn^h Eligibk For Conference Competition
New Ruling Petmifs Freshmen ^^nc/Riyeters Bring Curtain
Army-Navy Trainees To Compete
The
1
1 Pj
SptJ/ddu
1^ A.lK'-iar
(xJavsL 1
By joe Dawson
^ Freshmen FinaSiy Eligible Aftei about six'months of dickeiin^ and debating on the fie&hman eligibility pioblein, faculty lepiesentatives and athletic diicctois fiom ^11 the Confeience schools finally voted Sunday to permit all fust yeai men to paiticipate on vaisity athletic teams This final move which was destined to come soonei oi latei could veiy easily have been put into ef feet seveial months ago It seems that the athletic diiectois and coaches have been unanimously in favoi of fieshman eligibility all along The faculty lepiesentatives, howevci, who appaiently ha^e little interest in the welfaie and the futiiic of collegiate sports have blocked the pioposal each time it has been pic\iou=ly \oicd upon ► "Vofed Against Us" One Boileiniakei student was veiy mueh put out aftei the fiist Minne sota game up theie when a Minnesota fieshman stated “We could have played in this game if youi lepiesenlative at the Big Ten meeting hadn’t voted against fieshman eligibilitj ” Latei one of the Minnesota coaches expressed viitually the same opinion At the time it seemed lathei un foitpnate that the Bofieimakeis, who weie being hit the haidest by the aimy and nayj, should lose the additional fieshman help because of the vote of one of then own “baekeis” ► Effect On Future Riveter Teams That IS all in the past now thoUf,h, so lets see hov\ the new luling will affect the futuie Boilcimakei teams Of co use the basketball team will not be affected since the decision will not go into effect until the spiing spoits begin Heim Phillips’ tiack team will leceive the gieatcst benefit because this yeai’s fieshman outfit is oiii, of the finest in yeais The baseball, tennis and golf teams will also be stiengtheiicd 1 j the added ihinie talent ► Two Freshman High Jumpers As to the tiack team, Phillips should now ha\e two of the best fiesh man high jumpeis in the countiy (of couise theie is Eddlem in) in Wallie Blum and Dick Kilpatiiek Blum holds the Univeisity fieshman leeoiu at G feet, 2% m Kilpatiick, a little fellow who can jump about a foot above his measuied height, has cleaied G feet consistently Mike Bojin off, state champ in both the hiudles will be a valuable addition both as i hurdlei and a dash man Anothei potential vaisity spiintei is Ben Hai vey who has beaten Captain Bill Banekei a couple of times alieady
Fencers Face Irish Duelers Swinging into action this week end will be the Rivetei fenein^ team The mask men will tiavel to South Bend Satuiday to meet Notic Dame who defeated them eiiliei in the se*ason by the seoic of 19 8 Coach 1 inney and his leneeio will be seeking then hist vietoiy in thiee starts Ihe Rnetcis lost 19 8 to Notie Dame on Dee 8 u d 21 b to the Umveisity of ( hieago on Januaiy 16 The Rueteis led by Captain Aaion Kiufmui ue dis playing lots of piomise in jnepai i tion for the coming meet Following, aic the piohable men to make the ti ip to South Bend and the division in which they will be entered In the foil will be Rosen Biyant, and Kaulmiii Those who will see action in the s iber division aie Rosen Gieene and Kaufman Fencing epee will be Rosen Schiadei, and Kaufman Suffciing ii'om the loss of time top notch feneeis dining the past week, the mask men aie foieed to revise then lineup Kautmiii ind Rosen w 11 fence in each division 'those lost weie Lai soil Ihielc and Ciecne Gicen mar be table to m il e the tiij) pioviding he leeoveis lioni his piesent illness Piomising neweonieis to the
Ed Ehlers
Jack Kennedy
Tournament End Today loni^ht IS the deadline foi en tiics in the PIA Bowling 'lourna ment Ihc touiney will be eondueteel in the s imc m uinei as the one last semestei with the exception that the coeds ai c eligible A peison may entei the toiiini ment as ip inelii lelual is a mcmbei of a boys oi giils te im oi as i membei of a mixed team All entiiCD must be in the PIA office betoie 8 p m tonight Included in the entiy blank must be the name 01 names of ill jiei ons who wi-,h to paiticipite Time wil be i ehaige ot 10 ecni > e leh peison entei 111,-, Also ii e'uele >oui tele phone numbei iiid \oli past bowl mg avci igo whien will dcteimine yoiii haiidieap foi the touinament The toLiiniment will begin on lebiuiiv 25 Each tc un will i oil once a week eithei on Ihiusdai nuht 01 Satuiday ifteinoon Each memliei ol the w iiinins le ini will leecive a ke^ II addition il inioima tion IS desiied the PIA office will be ojien tioni 1 to 5 oi e ill Gene Andie 2b70 oi Maiy Ann Diesslu lentiii-, team aie Ciohihsliei who wields the epee veiy will mil fleiselimaii who is elassihed as a foil m in
Afe cx lesult of the meeting of the Big Ten faculty committee on athletics last Sunday in Chicago, fxeshmen will be eligible to participate m the varsity athletic programs at then VcXrioLis schools with the start of the spring outdooi season In the decision, the conference relaxed its rigid athletic code to the extent that even piofessional athletes who are aimy or navy trainees at the schools will be allowed to paiticipate This seemed to be more oi less of an invitation to the aimy to reconsider its recent declaia-
tion that special students m the college training program would not have time for sports.
The new eligibility code will
eliminate the freshman rule for the duration of the war and Will go into effect foi all spoits at the conclusion of the wintei athletic season This lule has been a Big Ten standaid since it was established in 1904 ,although it was waived biiefiy
daiing the fiist Woild Wai Undei the new i iiling fieshmen no
longei need to complete one calendai yeai of college woik and lesidence The one year tiansfei rule, except foi one small poition, also went by the boaids This was tossed out with the lealization that athletes fiom many schools will find them selves tiansfei led to othei institu tions undei the aimy and navy pio-
giams
Still in effect is the part which makes it mandatory foi a transfer student with a delinquency fiom an othei school against his record to establish a yeai’s residence and eomplete a full yeai of academic work However, this stipulation is waived in the ease of the tiainees
Little Opposition
Pi of Flank E Richait of the Ilniversit yof Illinois, secietaiy of the Big Ten faculty committee, do dined to leveal the vote He said howevei, that there was little oppo ■'ition to the action The athletic diiectois oi the conleience schools sat in on the meeting which lasted lioni 10 a m to 4 10 p m The diieetors expressed the belief that
played one of the best games of his caieei against Iowa last Sat uidaj Ed chalked up eighteen points against the Haw kcj e de
fensc
IM Schedules
stalled in a lelief role tor Captain VI Menke Satuiday night His performance in scoring twelve maikers maj win him a starting beith
VOLLEYBALL I uesdaj I eb 2 5
lilted a good while ago when the mijoiity of the schools in the coun
with this ineicase ot man power the coaches
ihe following iiateinities must piogiam under existing veleome the new change Howevei, icpoit loi volleyb ill at 7 00 Tuc conditions is saved the unecitainty is caused by several day evening in oidei xo be ii eluded i , xi. -n i elluscs in the new regulation
On Satuiday, the Kavy announced
in le ouimmen special trainees in vaiious most coniusing point is the Aeacn Alpha Chi Rho A'pha universities and colleges would be regarding the eligibility of (i imma Rho Alph i K ippa Lambda permitted to compete in varsity ii’iecs is eompaied to the ehgibil Alph i Si„m i Phi Alph i T lu athletics it they could do so without students Since theie is no de Omeg i Bet i Si-,ni i Psi Betilheti neglecting then lequiied naval Iiiffixieney lule viith regard to the Pi Dell i Chi Delta Tau Delta -work tiainees it haidly seems fan that Dilti Upsilon Kapp i Delta Rho Univeisity of Notre Dame students are compelled to ni iintain Kappa Si,.,m i Liintdi Chi Alpha ji,(i participate in the meeting the high scholastic records that they Phi Delta 'Ihcti Phi Gamma Delta but it is believed that they are ready have had to hold in the past to be Phi Ivipp Pm Kapjia Psi ^lie Western Coni^ienee '-hgible to compete in vaisity ath Ihc icm lining Jrateinitics will eliminating the fieshman rule ^'-tieg Anothei source of unceidain ii.))oit to the volleyball eouits on and opening its athletic competitive is just what is mernt by “spiing
Ihuisday evening Feb 25 Each team entei ed will ])lay six „ames in the fast round Ihc eight best terms liom the In t louml v ill ,,0 into i double elm ination torn na ment whieli will stait luesday
M ireh 16th
program to trainees Theie is a outdoor spoits”
large naval training piogiam at Tiieie is no ilouPt that there will Notio Dame as well as at North be several mismteipictilions oi the western and Minnesota ruling ai the stait oi the iei.,n but Facultv lepiesentatives who Were these should be smoothed out veiy
present at the meeting ineluded quiekly
B VSKl IB VI I ednesdav I cb 21
t 01111 4—I Rud isie Piluski 7 00 Unit 2 vs Unit 4
Unit vs Unit 7 Unit 5 vs Ui it 6
lull j P Vs 1 nit 6 B ’ teams tied loi second pi lee
7 15 8 10 8 25
Piol Ralph Aiglei of Michigan, ehaiiman. Prof Thomas L Froneh Ohio State Dean Aaion J Brum baugh Chicago Plot Lee Noivelle Indiana Di Kail F Leib Iowa, Prof Heniy Rottsehaefei Noith western Plot J A Estey Puidue Di W F Lorenz Wisconsin and
Prof Riehait
Reception Bv Coaches Uneeitain
Iraek learn Bolsteied
Both the Riveter lieshman track and hi eball teams aie expected to miterially beiv ht by the new ruling As ill iS the track squad is con eeined the high jumping of "Waltei Blum foinur New Yoik City piep stai uid Dick Klip itiiek South Side Foil W IV lu lee who won the st lie hi-h school title list season
1 he 1 il til Ai nil il Intel 1 i itei
nil\ Ind) II li 111 111(1 1 lell Meet tuiceeivi the new ruling The gen will be held in the 1 icldhousc Wed ei 1 ieeliii-, has always been that ('-et JVI SCIllDlllS pa„e 1) the fieshni in i ule should have been
Ihe Boileimaker coaching staft is is expected to add considerable point still a little bit uneeitain as to how stien^th Blum leeenth established
i new Puidiu iicoid v ith a leap ot Gleet 2 i inelie w hile Kilpaii lek
You Will Want One Then!
$3.50 NOW
OEBiiS
$4.00 After March 1
Mailed Anywhere in ih<' U. S. for 25e Extra The Debris Office Is Open Evx'ry Evening 4:00 to 5:80
Down On 42* 43 Season Coach Ward Lambert took his Riveters throug-h a light piactice yesterday afternoon in preparation for the two important home haicUvood tilts which are on deck for this coming week end The game with Wisconsin on Saturday evening, and the tussle with Indiana on Monday evening will end the 1942-
43 season for the Boilermakers
Monday evening will see the close of a rather rough season ______— u — - for the Black and Gold squad.
Riveter Wrestler$ Grapple State Here Friday ^ Foi the fiist time this season local wiestling fans will have a chance to watch the defending Big Ten champions in action when the Michigan State Spaitans invade the Fieldhouse Fiiday aftei noon at 4 o’clock This meet will undoubtedly be packed with „ood wiestling and close matches as the Michigan State team last season was the lun nei up in the National Intel col legiate touinament The Spaitans still hold seXenl of last yeai s team in tneii lanks Included among the hold oveis aie thiee men who have won the national championship two consecutive yeais These champion ships vveie won in the 121 128 and the 136 pound classes but this sea son each man has advanced one weight Last Meet For Seniors Two oi the outstanding Boileimakeis will teiminate then dual meet caieeis with this meet Big Fiank Ruggieii who has gone thiou-,h the past two seasons with out a setback m dual meet com petition will close his caieei Maich 5 6 when he defends his Big Ten lain els at Noithwestein The othei senioi on the squad wiestling his last dual meet is Waiien Eviston who his been an outstanding peiioimei in the 17o pound division dining the past two seasons Evis ton has won two of his thiee bouts this season, winning at Illinois and Noithwestein and losin,., at In diana Because of the loss of Jim Paiatoie and Maik Matovina to the aimed foices last week Coach Claude Reeek has but one team to send against the stiong ^aitan squad that being the same one that
Losses to the various armed forces, sickness and transportation difficulties have all played their part in the “average” performance displayed by the Boileimakeis Every university has had its shaie of these troubles, but the usual loutine is not to be expected duiing these days of wai Riveters Fifth The Riveteis are now lesting; in fifth place m the Big- Ten standings with an even 500 per cent batting ave age They have won five and lost five The latest victoiy was annexed last Saturday evening when the Lambeit lads piled up a 49-35 victoiy ovei the Iowa Hawkey es In dow ning the Hawkeyes, Coach Lambeit staited with Biggs, Brower, Menke Fi lend and Ehlers This combination clicked fairly well, but Captiin AI Alenke got a little too “handy ’ and accumulated a total of thiee fouls in the fiist seven minutes Shoitly aftei the second stanza got undei way, Menke committed his fouith misdemeanoi and left'the game with a goose egg in his scor-
ing column
Ehleis played his best game of the season against the Hawkeyes, and his accuiacy netted him a neat total of 19 points Biggs and Brow er did some nice ball handling and each hit the nets for seven maikers Kennedy leplaced Menke at the pivot post and had the fans on their feet as he pomed six buckets thiough the diapeiies Biddle also did his pait in the victoiy by adding four
points to the =coie
Same Starters Saturday
The combination used against the Hawkey'es will piobably get the call again this week end foi the contests against the dangeious Badgers and the high seoiing Hoosiei quintet This combination lacks experience and height, but it has drive and fight Minus Lawson’s rebound contiol, the Riveteis will be forced to depend on a lUgged passing attack against the invaders this week end As top-notch leseive material, Lam-
took the mat against Illinois last bcit will piobably use Jack Kennedy
Situiday Singleton will be at 121, Sowards at 128, Nettesheim who Is undefeated this season at 136, and Steudal at 11a Roge Claseman, Velmai Davis AVaiien Eviston and Flank Ruggieii will take caie of
the heaviei divisions
a milk et 5 toot 7 inch liO pound peiioimei his tmiied in an amaz me, kep o 6 leet 3 s niches ni coi ipetition Amoiu the otliei lieslniini jios sibildies ol piomise lie Miki Bojin oil huiillei mil si)unti 1 ti om Noith Side loit Wivne Ben Huvev s] inilei lioni South Bei d and 1 i le 1 iicson oi Kol omo u ho his bien tinnin^ in lit times it n I nice lion il e halt mil to two ink V 111 ! losh Dianiondmeii Akli null ihi I L li IS bee n little op poitui it\ '( liekenei the tieshii in bisibill pi s])ect in letiui i host oi \ e 111 lUs w ill pi oh ibl\ be ni th tine V oi competition i iie-,ilu u sic iiK lit loin immbeis oJ the lieshmin li'-kethill squ u' which lecciith w on the (ju lell nuulu toui iiinient hell, hive I) isel ill ispiia tioiis inelu Inu Bill Loel e, Madison nul Bill Bciheiian Huvey 111 in 111 lek IS 11 Kov Biulus Fine Vil1 ue 1 luhei inlJnnlit 1 I ipte i Inst b i e Otiui Di uiiemd Fiospeets fkhei \i aim-, eli unund liopeluls inchule lim Jei i mgs (■ ay hist I 1 ( tie Riid isies tw ms Steve anel Jim oiilhehkis liom South Bend Akxkivslnek eiiehci tiom Vliehi --in t itv A mil Ai iitm intehe lion \V isiiiiu tin 111 nil K ilph Biiliv iitehei 11om I niiv ilk
and Bob Biddle
Wisconsin is in fouith place in the Big Ten pile up On the victory side of the ledger, they have five wins, and m the led ink depaitment, they have foul losses This gives the Badgeis a percentage oi exactly 556 This Is only 056 pei cent over the Boileimakeis’ batting average, so a toind tilt IS piedicted, with the Badgeis given a slight edge ovei the up and down Riveteis The Badgeis lost to Indiana 51 44 and came back two nights latei to take a 57 53 verr diet fiom the Hoosieis and thus give them then fust defeat of the season..
Coach Heinion Phillips will take The Badgers aie led by top scorer his Boilcimakei speed meichants Johnny Kotz who has been a probto Illinois this coming Fiiday foi lorn to opponents all season Last a meet with the iiuged Illini lun »ea=on AIi Kotz earned himself the neis The action is scheduled to -,et title oi 1942 scoiing champion by luieleiway a,. 7 oO p m on liidiv ' similai peifoimance at his foieveniii.. Coach Phillips will take waulpo^t
Varsity Track Squad Meets Illinois Friday
Eveiythiitg for a College Education DEAC’S
th.- lemains oi a speedv ti lek lostei to the 111 an dual His squael like most oi the iihktic deput ments has been hit haul by losses to ihe ai med toKos Up to (lit,- the emdei sqinel has eontnbutce' ioiu leeii il on to the stiu.,-,k Hi li Jumpiis Gone the Rivetei iinneis hive com piled n iveiue lecoul el is sea on In then 1 i&t ippeai met they plaeeil thud in a five way meet at rnici-,0 Eailiei m tl e st is i hev weie noscel out b\ i s ipe joi It 1 ina team in i eu i itin-, stvic toaeh Phillips h i^ i wcikuess showiii-, up ill lie htlel evtius Ills hi-h ] impels hi e kit tie squad ind the job ot icplaem-, ttiem is pioviii-, ilniost impossibk Illinois his 111 ui u oi talent ii tie distinee events Dunn an 1 8eib lie the ihst nice stais ten the llhin uui then show iiu this season hive leeuniulited m in\ iiueiois points ten the lids tioiii ihe Suekei state Kelh is anothei stai peiloiinei loi tie lllnn His qu ilei milt lun tikes i lot ot spted to beet Uus sc ison he h is tuii eel m ti nes th it luvti neai tlie eolk-iUe leeeuls 1 I osll Also t omiH te ITnllips will t ike his oulst i lelin Rl line pelteime s lo 11 i luis Ihe meet is i \ usitv tieslniiiii set up uiel ihe Bliek uiel Ciolu „uen el ills will eomuete with the Ilhin tiosh Tins IS done in an etlait to give the Deshmeii i t iste oi tunning ni
Indi ina is led bv high storing foiwaiel Ralph Hamilton lormei South Sicie ot Foi t Wayne ace ’W aid Williams sophomoie center on the tieain . nd Ciinison quintet, is also i big -,un in th,- MeCiacken attack W ilhams kel the Hoosieis to a 51-39 vii-toiv ovei the Alinnesota Gopheis list b ituiilav tvening with a total ot 16 points H imilton and Willi ims h ivt g lined a place on one ot the e ulv All Big Ten team selections by then stellai peiioimances
this st ison
Out OI ei-hteeii lines this season, the Hoosieis have won seventeen ind lo't onlv one Then recoid shows some niightv potent seoimg powti w itn an aveiage oi about 50 points pel game Ineluded in then long list ot vieloiies is the 53 35 veuliet ovei Coath Lambeit s Boileiniikeis eailiti in the season Revenge ind the long standing rivahy between the Hoositi-s and Boileiniikeis will play i niajoi role in the - line next Monday so the Hoo"leis bectei btw le
eoiiipe iiti 111
the Boileimakeis wilt have to ktend on thou eonsistent poipt -.etteis when thev mete the Illinois euiiki men Banekei and Livinghouse will luu the dashes Livinghouse ilso handles the bioad jump, t hack Dueslei will compete m his usual mile and two mile inns along with Kineki mil Sewaid\
y Jai #'1,
IjS \
r
A
P^ge4
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, February 23, 1943
ORIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkbly
Doc Miller s Medicines Help Relieve Strain On Doctors
University Students Sensible Enough, Use Medicine Wisely
By G R Bitler
Di S J Miller, through the Student Health Service, has become known to every student at the University If a student has not heard of his professional ability, he has heard of the great quantities of medicine distributed by the good doctor Students’ medicine chests show the result of the handing out
of this medicine
Let us set the scene for a typical example of the distribution recognized
Civil Service Shows Desire For Graduates To Occupy War Jobs The United States Civil Seivice Commission announced thiough the new Junioi Piofessional Assistant examination that giaduales fiom
colleges especially
WAAWillHold Election In
\
Women's Gym Pumaiy election of officeis foi WAA will take place tomoiiow aft einoon in the Women’s Gym at 4 o’clock The legular election will be
held Maich 3
Nominees to be voted upon aie as follows Piesident, Jean Biack man and Bett^ Galbiaith, vice piesident Bca Biieiglei and Wateibuiy, secietaiv, Patiicia Hennis and Maiian Lafuze, tieas uiei Ann Busby and Ruth Rule If a quoium of active inembeis aie present othei girls may be iiom
mated from the floor
Requirements tor voting are 25
I
Appeal to her patriotism, Roscoe—remind her of the valuable food I’ll rum, if she goes to work in a war plant ”
University Calendar Tuesday, February 23
4 00 P M 4 OOP M 7 00 P M 7 30P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P ’ll 8 00 P M 0 00 A W 4 00 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
Iso Billioom Union So Balliooin Union Room 232 Union Room 212 Union Room 263 Union Poom ^07 Union Room 302 Union
W r icultj Union
Wednesday, February 24
Ratio ling
PIA Tea Dance
Alpha Zeta Mectin^ Pur due Fh mg Clul) Undergraduate Dimes Meeting
\lpha Phi Omeg i
Chiistiiii Scienee Meetin„ Graduate Dunes Piitv
Sp im=-h Cl iss Rationing Intel Vii'ils Chiis hellovshp Mam rge Course Convoeation—\ f Hull Leetuic
Poom 212 Union ISo Brllroom Union Poom j07 Union \\ I acults If,e Union II ill of Music
Applied Design Department Displays American Art Exhibit Collection of 25 oiigin il r tellings and hthogiaphs oi noted \iiieiicin aitists has been put on displ n m the applied de ign laboi itoiies of Home Eeonomies Building No 2 and imII be theie for several veel s The exhibit IS on loan fiom the Associat ed Amei leaii Ai tists oi N e\\ 1 or 1 The exhibition has been selected to give a cross section of outstand ing eontemporaij American art It IS one of a series of traveling shovs circuited fiom New York to mu seums and libiaries thioughout the eounti y Works On bale \t $5 All the u 01 ks m the eolleelion v ill be placed on sale lor five dollars each Each pictuie is signed bj the artist and bears his biographv These works have been offeied to the public at a single low piogiam puce as pait of the program of the Asso crated Ameiiean Artists to stiinu late national iiiteiest in the ownei ship of oiiginals bj Aineiican art
ists
Among the artsists repi esented in the collection aie Thomas Benton Grant Wood John bteuirt Cuir\ Thomas- Nason Ameiieis best known wood engrarei and Aaion Bohrod recent Ciine„ie pi ize win
nei
Dairy Club To Hear Ginrich This Evening This evening it 7 0 the Daiiv Club will hold its monthh meetin,, ill Room 108 ol Smith Hall W imu Giniieh mid westein leiucsenta tne of the Sealtest f omiiaiu will speak and luesenr i ni rtioii juetuie ‘ bealte t at W 11 fins motion jnetine will < x))! nn the laboi atom eontiol mellud now used 1)\ Sealtest It will also ex jilain vaiious war 1\ winch the stand lid ol mill lan le i ised in a daii\ hreiroic is unite I to ittend the mictin,-, A iieeial iinitatirn is ex tended to Shoit (ouisi students Placement Notes For Women ( olle,,< seiiiois nii\ tomiule ioi two national diol i hj jei stiidr at Killuiint (jj) )js Sthool Joi Seeietaiies in ij isle n and New ’S 01 k J hes( se hoi ri hips e n si t ol lull tuition In the sjeeial eoiise p IS a (ash iwaid oi S 60 ti ( oh Winiiei Aiqdu ati( ns must be Idled out not late I than A]nil J 1 oi luillici inldinition call tin line meiit Seiriee ioi f\ onu n
Hanley Speech Contest Will Open March 11 Serenth 4i ntial H inlet Speeeh Contest open to all en_ineeis hrs been innoiinecd Those dosii ing to cntei the eoiitest hould ie)nit at the Sj eoeh ofliee in Universilr Hall h\ Mil eh 9 A.nt ceonomie subjeet ireitainiim to the w ii m n be used AS ill Choose Six 1 inalists Six speal CIS will be chosen liom the p eliminair eontest which will be held in loom 101 oJ Universur Hill Thuibdat March 11 at 7 0 p m lire fin il eontest will tike lilaee rhui, d u Maich 18 it ^ >0
J) 111
Pielinnniir siieeehes should be limited to fne minutes while the find speeches m !> be seven min rites in length I uithei intoimation m ir be ol tuned liom Beit bqtiiei man igei ol the eontest leaelitis A\ ill fudge 4 mcnbci of the eeonomies sireeeh ind sereial of the cngineei nm laetillr will inobibh bo iiiesent to )U(Ue the speeches ind then n lines will be innotineed liter Personnel Notes Comjiai les Selieuiiled to Visit ( ampti'' J hilhps Petioleuiii ( o Biitles Mil Gill—Much 1 /enilh Radio ( orpoi alion, Chiei ,,0 111—Alai eh i Intel ested in Api il tiul August I 1
Ihese coin]) lines do not plan to Ni It the { imirus howetei the\ lie ml le ted in tudentfa loi einplox
iiiei t
Sluulud Oil (o of Ohio Ckvc 1 iiid Ohio—lute 1 e-^led in Ml Sign 111 let mul Olfiee 1 \ 12 noon Sit ui d i\ I el) 27 I rie R nil o id ( o \Iuion Ohio Ini le t(d 111 All Smn in Pei soiniel Oil ee I \ S L I 1 \ I 11 1 ell 27 II I I 11 ill II e 111 ilso be obt lined it lie Peisonnel Ofhee re^ u(lin„ b h 1 J nip II 1 felliwsJiips it the I \ 1 il\ ( 1 Pe 1 11 \ h ini 1 I 111 p't \ 111 1 (1 poi ti nitic in Indi in i St U( S I \ lee Ik (i \ lee 11 lining in 1 u 1 c A Imniisli du i
A\ In 1 st( I code ge i ii its mil I tl \ I 1 t ] t I ) I w ( IIU II llltl 1 111) pit lithe bnn e i siti ol J \i ! lumped 42 p( I ei lit ibo\ e 1 Ml 1 \( I Di 1 I ( 11 (i 1 o te I sp( c I il in tl u I 1 1 )(iolo,^\ it AA r\ lie Uni < 1 il\ I ( ) nith 1 ol r bool on \\ ni ei Ait it 1) g( A Stnd\ (f 111 I 11 I > I 1 1 i^f 1 liu i tl I
of Di Miller’fc medicine A green pot v ith a common cold stumbles into the “lan” of the good doctoi First he is questioned, and then he is pushed into the inner office He IS told to roll up hib sleeve and is promptly stabbed with two cc of a cold shot He is perched upon a chan and is immediately gagged witli thiec swift swabs of the
thioat
The onlj thing left is the tup to the medicine cabinet Nosediops gm-,le (two kinds) cough medicine led capsulos white pills mouth wash and chest lub—all these aie forced upon the bewildered ,,ieeii horn The poor kid wishes he wcic an octopus He then staggers out with bulging pocl ets Tho moie seiious cases iie treated with moic eric than a ease of the eommon cold which IS loutine Doc Has \ Iheorj Now why does Doe put out all these packages iiid bottles’’ AVell ■sou sec he has i theory And its a >,ood one The moie medic il sup ]ilies r student lias in his posses Sion the less liequentlv ho must letuin to the Herlth Seivice urd he can take care ot himself if he c itches cold lire student cm tell when he is eatehiim cold ind he e in lid himselt ot the cold if he has the medicine on hind This helps the stiH ot tho Health Seix lee bee luse they will nou hire to mile so many home \isits Miller ^i\es the student credit loi havnm enough sense to use the medicine instead ol thiowiim it iwar As \ou know thcie is in leiite shortage ol doctors in this coiintn ind oui c iniiHis his felt this shoit r^e Tho He ilth Sei \ lec h IS rlieidy lost one ot its doctoi s and the ex cess woil oveitixes the woiling ihilitr ot the lemaiiiiim doctois If tile stii lent uses themcdicine given liim he icliexes iriessiiie on the Health Sei\iec and he also piotcets his he ilth Scabbard And Blade To Hold Best Soldier Contest March 24 Serbbaid and Blade his in iiouneed that its aniui il Best Soldiei Contest will he held dm nm the next mon h This contest Is open to ill ticshmen ind sophr molts who will be judged upon then milit i\ conduct ind a pi it tie il ex munition in J he Sthool ol ho Sokliei wl leh will he v,iven Sit uidi\ afteinoon Much 21 (lold SiKti iiul bion/e me lals will be i\\ II (led to the fust second 11(1 thud ))1 It winntis m the lieshmm ini sophonioit classes 1 espeetiveh Members it Seihbud uid B1 idc will )U(kt the |)i letieil eximini lion w hile Refill u Ai m-\ Dull Sei cults ind Ofliceis will he ludges lor the pi elimi ii \ di ills Alike Applications in Aimorr Students who wish to sif,ii iq) ma\ do so iin alltiiioon ot this weti il i icsl \ liitli will be loeated on the second tiooi oi the Aimoiv between 1 and i jO ji m 1 lUiants will we 11 i 111 bon on the lelt lipcl ol tlieii uniio in while the eontest IS in j)i 0^1 ess
Victory Book Campaign Nets 200 Volumes Two weeks of the Victory Book Campaign have gone by and thus far the effoits to collect books fiom the students facuity and friends of the Univeisitv to send to hoys in the armed forces scattered over the globe have been fairly giatify ing according to AV M Hepburn About two hundred books have been received up to this time Almost every volume turned m has been usable Piedommatino arc mysteiy stones and fiction books in the loim of pocket books On the othei hind there are quite i few non hetion rnd some teehmeal and scientific books to be tound Any group or faculty member that is unable to hiin,^ books to the libiaiy should telephone 2526 and arrange to have them collected Band Shifts Officers As Air Corps Calls Several Members Piofessoi P S Fimiel Diieetoi ot Purdue Militin ind bimphonie Bands was recently forced to le vise the lostei of band officeis This revision was made iioeessaiy by the sudden depaitruc ol Captain F Bass Band pjxeeiitive Offieei and 1st Lieut J R Wood Militaiv Officer These two men ilon^ with Sei^t M B M-\cis Coip L F Hull and sovei rl other membeis ot the bind wcic e died hr the An Coi ps 1 ist w eek llio loslci ol officeis IS it now stinds IS as follows 1st Lieut and Military Offieei I T Hemlei 1st Lieut and Supply Officer R V Evrnson 2nd Lieut met Detail Of fieci J H Andeison 2nd Lieut md Fxeeutive Offieei R 1 Shaip Bvt 2nd I lent rnd Peisonnel Offi eei R L AVei^le Technical Seigt Coiiceimeistei and Assistant to the Diieetoi J A Shaw 1st Soigt and Band Li luaiian R S M icy Staff Seigt md Band Adjutant B A Wood hull Staff Seigt and Publieitv Officer R J Reed Staff Sci,,t and Assist mt to Libiaiian W A Cheney Staff Seigt md Bind Qu 11 teunastci P D. JohnsJii Staff Seut in ehiige of all De tills R E Hill &ci^,cmt md lechnuii Offieei D 1 Grult Sei t of the Music De till f J i oiinei Seigt Supply Det 111 P 0 DorUc Seigt Pei eussion Det ill G I Jones Sei,,l Chau and Rack Detiil W AA iiigei Sei-,t rqiiqrment Detail W II Pavelehek Sci^t Assigned to Band Ileadquai teis f 1 Gcib Coipoials A R Baht/ R A Chapman J II Wattcis J W Moi gm J M ( hcnowclh C L Hem mei J L N r,,le R A Vinings and L mec Coi jroials P Powlci I J (jIoss G 1 Minim It A Henley H W Jones W M Jont/ md I I
Sny del
Piineipal I lel 1 liumpete in ehai-,e ol ti iinii ^ 1 icld liumiet
CIS R I Nelson Jiumpeteis aie
M D Reed J A Bemud
D J
Koch and J ( Kilgore
jyiucibQll Spike Shoe Club
luy Iheie claicnee i
am sfailmg i lumoi the
sijlois Ik hind the m t building ait huilclin,^ a pond bill niillti w ill 1 un a hose oui his window
and (ill it w ith
wale I the leanitis ait going lo pul
pontoons on Iht
mastol and donalt i( to Iht navy Iht sailois will list il loi a battle ship md till lounds toal U tilt boys in Iht
labs Itll this 1(1
< y 11 y body y ou stt
—All DB AI I
yyomen, yvith major study in most points and paid membership A list
any field are being sought for wai time jobs with the Federal Govern ment No time limit is being set on receipt of applications by the Com
mission
Senior Urged lo Apply Examinations will be held period itally yvhen a sufficient number of apphtatioiis have been field College seniors may apply when they are i semester or two qnaiteis from expected graduation Seniois aie uiged to apply early so that those passing the examination may be consider ed for vatancics that ot
cur
Women stii lents interested should consult Placement Service for Women (2955) for full infoima tion Infoimatioii may'^ be obtained at fiist and second class post ol flees at regional offices in legional headquaiteis cities and fiom the Commission s Washington office All eompleted coller,e eouises ait to be listed and applications should be mailed to the U S Civil Sciviec Commission W rshington D C The St Louis Giil Scout countil IS 111 need of ,,11 Is to yyoik in then eimp this summei is unit leaders assistant rini leaders md yvatei iiont diiectois Those intciesttd should ^ct in touch yyith the Place mciit Sciviec foi Womtir immedi ately
Alpha Phi Omega The dunce will be SbJ> nrday rcb 27 in the ftast Faculty Lodnie from 9 to 11 80 p m All actives ate reminded to turn their pledge boards in toloncj ot the officers as soon as possible Plddge meeting Tuesday Fob 23 in room 307 at 7 30 Executive meeting Tuesday Fcbi 28 in loom 307 at 8 30 All committees should be there and other actives are invited
—GOSSWEIN
Military Students A group of four reels movie nim on the subject Aircraft idontiHiia tion togethci yvith a filpi bulletin ffom the Aberdeen Proving grounds will bo shown in the LE bldg Wednesday February 24 at 4pm All military students are invited to attend Session will last one hoiif
—MAtER
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting in loom 302 of the Union at 7 30
1) m Tuesday evening Feb 23
—SOMMER
Scabbard and Blade Danci committee wjll meet as usual Tuesday February 23 at 7 in Room 203 of *^ht Union King! Gordon Ann and Lester will be foimally initiated
-RAFERT
Pharmacists Staff Meeting Tuesday Feb ruarv 21 at 4 p m in Room 328 of the
Union All membeis be present
GORDON
Roger Williams Foundation Dr Joseph Itobbins of N w York will speak to the stu dents of the University on I riday at 4 15 in the Foundation loom of thi West Lafayette Baptist cli irch All students are invited to this meeting \VENDELL
of aetive members yvill be posted on the WAA bulletin board and should be checked before the meet
ing
Following the meeting a film on
basketball yyill be shoyyn
Virginia C. Meredith
uinounces the election of the
folloyying officers tor the coming year picsielent Betty Dostei vice president Martha MtCulloch, sec letaiy Marilyn Turner, treasurer Jean Huston, and the folloyying lepiesentatives thud term Bobbie Jean Riggb fouith term Kay Kiamei hfth term Maitha Let Riggs sixth teim Ruth Ralston seventh teim Betty Young and
eighth term Libby Baughman
Notices
Camera null No meeting this « cik Next meeting Widmsdiy March 3 Room num Ixr will be aiinouneui latei Prof Hawkins will speak on infia icd photography and lules for spring salon will bo announced STOCKMAN Debris Business Staff Important meeting < f all members of thi sales staff in the Debris Busiiiesb Offiic it 4 15 p m tomor row All iiioiuy is to be turned in at that -PERRY Dolphin Club Important meeting at 5 15 p m Tuisday I eb 2i in room 104 of the Iieldhoise CommiUee chairmen bring reports -SMITH All Women Students Tlit St Louis Girl Se lit 0 incil 1 in n ed of girls to work in then cami this siimmi i Jobs available arc unit le id r assistant t nit Icudei and water fioi I dire tor Any on interested should t lei hone i r com in to the Placement Serv lee foi yVomeii (295o) immediately - FELDT Cheerleaders Pi ictici very sftirnoon till w ek it 1 00 I) m in the Fieldhouse SCHWAB Glider Club Tluri will In i meeting to light it 10 I m II riom 23b of tho IJn on All m mb s wh w int pins etc ) ling yo ir moi ey to tin meeting SALISBURY Met Students M talluigicnl Lngincering stuikiits in th 1 1 listed R-serve Corps who hive not r ii ted to R im B 7 Armory to r cui 1 th fact tbi t they are Metallurgical rngiiieeis hould i port at oi ec ROBINSON
No Notices will 1 e accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day preceding the issue
\ 1 V a II ted
1 I
and V 7 Memlicrs i f ve who tl) not have
1 t 1 r ve m mbershii ni the i\ I ul I leave name )I c ml 1 ctio home a Idres and cl issi
(lilt A reeiuist fir these 1 to tl e Office < f Nival
IM Schedules (Continue 1 tl c m ]) i^e )
nesd IV ind Thuisday lebiuin 21 and 25 btaitin,^ it 1 15 p m To d itc yciy levy ol tiic cnli y blanks have been tinned m to the Inti a muial Office Please see that this IS done immedirtely Not moie than tyvo (2) men liom youi oigani/a lion in rn event sue the i cl ly In the lolay lour men yyill inn 110 y lids eaeli Pie ise infoim yoni men leg riding the oidci ol events md appioximate time that the eyent yvill start Consult yoiii sehoduic of events yvhieh yon received Lhioiigh
the mail a feyv days ago
11 L 1 1
n
t
KN \i r
K pp i Psi
M cl
HI t
Wtdi
c d ly I 1 1
1 i 1
th
Ul !
THOMb
Glee f II h
U h
t f
\\
In 1 V ift 1
1 t
t tl
1 u
II t JO J m KING
DeM( lays
A 1
! 1
A 11
1 held it tl c
.11 l fl iL
> t> 1
! \L
n u sduy 1 1
t iO 1
n All 1)
Mu! 1
, S (1 l 1 il illv
It 1 t
LL 1
11
1 \
11 1 1 1 1 ty il
Ig It 1 .IV 1
l 11
n
fr 1
11 t wll U HORIF
Triton I
t t
I
1
V i C mi 1
y tt I 1
II
f 1
ml
1 1 1 1 Igi
w \ri RBURy Binrd Mil g 1 1 v
AWS Ifi
CORNTHW AITL
Classified Ads BOOMS ARE NEEDED If sou hive one—let the btudents know III The Exponent t lasbiflcd Ads ( all—4005 ( in illation.
Typewriters A id i l m'lchinos nil makes sol 1 r nt i 1 i iir 1 an 1 i urchastd Mimco Li H It soik don C 7 1 bershofT 60o Main I ifayitlc 1 hone 79 Money to Ivoan Oi diamonds watches pins 1 ppap lyp writcx-b Alberts X^an Oflico iO Columbia
I sktpinp porch 1 hone 41791
I or Kent—St ub r Suit ib^'' J i -jne or tw
For Kent—S i ,^1 r m modern continu 1 t wat r slcGi 11 k 101 ch Mrs Learn Jf J ittktf I
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers m good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
PINCH HiniNG to provide more woolens for the armed forces* To make your clothes "go farther” have them Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quantities of wool goods are needed in the military service. Grown Laundry
FUSE DRY C LEAS ISO
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
ncyy ly oi ini/ed li lel hon oiaiy club ii iionnees its new pledges toi the semestei Iiielnded imoiig the iiUd,,cs iit G( rue LI lek Steve D il ci ( hnel C lose Paul Gnttm„ Don H isse Alutin Gem lid T om Monl^omei y K rhr 11 Mulltoid DonNeyyinaii [>ob Sli iw Homy Wit/ Heniy Weulinin iiul Mike Boimoll Othei ))le 1 es lu Welty 1 him I d Williinis Id I 1 leksoii Don (■ammii Ben Halve \ Pill M uis field Dan Sncice Nick Kandes 1 1 ank VriiDemoii Don Smith Din Syy igei [any Nielson Dick^uti Jolin Gnnqipei (tour Joidin Dick Iviikpatiiel W ilil Boh Ini ) 1 id 111(1 S im lohnson
IT'S NO "HIT MUjy" AFFAIR./ BUY WAR BONDS 8 STAMPS
BONDS IIKE YOU NEVER DID BEFORE ☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
r
Support the JAPAN AZI SINKING FUND
)HWARSAVINGS BONOS ^STAMPS