► f
il
. ft
Volume 53, No. 50
Wbst Loiayette, Indiana
Tuesday, Nov^ember 4,1941
Small Audience Enjoys Addresses Q • nc II ’ CL 2,000 In Music Hall
Preview Of Union Show
Dads’ Day Tickets
By Art Hunter and Ken Roquemore
Last night we sat among a group of 50 or 60 University luminaries witnessing the sneak preview of the Dad’s Day Union show, “Everything But Onions.” For 90 odd minutes we wer*e royally entertained by what promises to be one of
the hit shows of the year.
Opening with the strains of a song sure to bring Dad back to his college days, the show got under way to Irv Given’s modern version of “When We Were a Couple of Kids.” Throughout the entire evening’s entertainment the theme of “life at or Purdue” was dwelt
upon in its many and varying aspects, touching upon everything from an intimate glimpse into the “Kappa Hotel” to the aesthetic endeavors of the BoileAnaker Beef Trust. Only one detail was lacking—the eagerly awaited appearance of “Jarrin’ John” Petty as a member of the aforementioned
chorus.
Betty Wedge, Bob Stanbough, John Swinson, and Jane Robinson thoroughly justified director Willis Wells’ casting in their capacities as
K. W. Meissner Joins Physics Department As Visiting Professor Prof. K. W. Meissner of the Worcester Polytechnic Institute arrived at the University yesterday to assume his duties as visiting professor in the physics depaitinent. His stay on campus will last until July,
1942.
One of the world’s leading spec-
star performers. A galaxy of clowns troscopists, Meissnei in his lectui es
is headed by “Frenchy” Leinweber, Bob Adams, and Charlie “Double
Talk” Lebenstein.
Coeds Take A Beating Not only do the Kappas in particular and the coeds in general take an unmerciful beating, but the eds come in for their share of derogatory comments. One of the
will delve into the fields of optics and spectroscopy. He Is going to darry on research with the atomic beam method in the new spectroscopic laboratory, recently set up in the sub-basement of the Physics Building. Prof. Meissner came to the University twice before as vising pro-
more educational highlights pre- fessor, once in 1938 and again last sented last night was an exhibi- year, w.g.h.
tion of the techniques of courtship —then and now— as portrayed by father and son. No Union show would be complete without mention of Peggy Davis and the ’41 version, being non-exception, extracts its toll in a most indelicate manner. Another scene drawing laughter from the preview audience was the picture of Jane Coed on the offensive—nice if ’twere only true. Acting as a background for the entire performance, Irv Given and his band drew from their repertoire of sweet hnd swing to place the finish-
ing touches on the show. Wells, Knight Like It
Director Wells said that he' was well satisfied with this first dress rehearsal and stated, “With another week’s practice to smooth out a few of the rough spots we ought to have the hit of the year.” From Hal
Discuss Milk Supply At Dairy Conference Fieldmen from dairies in many sections of Indiana met here yesterday for a two-day conference with members of the University dairy department. Ways to increase the milk production of Indiana’s dairy herds to meet the demands of the “Food for Freedom” program were
discussed.
Persons appearing on the program were: John Taylor, Indianapolis, State Board of Health; Russell Fifer, Indianapolis, general secretary of Indiana Manufacturers of Dairy Products; Professors H. W. Gregory, E. A. Gannon, J. H. Hilton, P. R. Elliker, and G. A. Williams, E. T. Wallace, and W. H.
Prof. Lark-Horovitz To Talk To Teachers' Committee
Knight, senior Union Executive, we
garnered this statement; “You’ll Brown of this University, f.f,
split your sides laughing at the antics of Adams and Frenchy and the
double talker.
Backstage we spied Gimlet Bob Skallerup, who issued the following comment: “All they need to do is pick up a few loose ends here and there, and they’ll have one fine show
Saturday night.”
Next we talked to the man who handles the money, W. S. Fletemeyer, who was enthusiatic in his praise of the show. He stated that it was one of the finest student productions he had ever seen. As a final message we have this in the strictest confidence fiom the double talk man, “The only thing wrong was that theie was not enough corinsate in the fertasata-
batti.”
Pi of. Karl Laik-Horovitz, head of the physics department, will speak in Indianapolis today before a meeting of the Teachers’ Tiaining Committee, headed by Prof. Franzen of Indiana University. Prof. Lark-Horovitz will present the scientist’s views on the training of piospective science teachers in sec-
ondary schools.
The University is represented on the Teachers’ Training Committee by Prof. B. C. Lawson of the depaitment of education and applied
psychology, w.h.
Caihoiic Editor Explains Religion's Cheerful Side Pointing out that religion has a joyful side as well as the usually depicted serious side, Dr. James M. Gillis, editor of the Catholic World, addressed a crowd of nearly 2,000 at this year’s first convocation for worship Sunday morning in the Music
Hall.
In the first part of his talk. Dr. Gillis said that too many people think that religion is a form of moral discipline; loyalty and obedience to an ethical code; or a system of prayers and obligations. Instead, it should be thought of as heavenly joy on earth. Bxample From Bible Taking examples from the Biblical times up to the modern, he attempted to make the audience see his points. One of his first examples was the “joy and enthusiasm” of the Apostles at the first Penticost. According to his story, they were so intoxicated with visions of the glory of God that finally one of them had to go out and prove to the townspeople that they were not drunk from imbibing wine. He described in detail the time that he was in Honolulu and saw flowers that he would not believe existed until he was close enough to view them personally showing that anything is possible if we look for it. He also told of the birds in Trinidad that were beyond ^ordinary comprehension unless they were viewed. ' Why Gloom? In addition he bi ought up the idea that there is no reason to be gloomy. Everytime we meet up with an unusually large obstacle, somehow there is always some reward in the end that makes the effort worth the while. He pointed out the hardships encountered by the fiist settlers in the west, the risks faced by mountain climbeis, and the elated feeling of Balboa and his men when they reached the Pacific for the first time. In closing. Dr. Gillis gave what he thought would aid one in finding joy in religion. They included the cultivation of silence, the sweeping of fantastic nothings from the mind, the pushing back of unimportant trifles, and self denial of things that are not essential to a quiet life. Dr. E. C. Elliott opened the program. The University choir, diiected by A. P. Stewart, sang. j.j.
Penalty Days During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon November 18 to noon November 19^ November 24; from noon December 19 to noon December 20; and January 6. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. A student who is absent from classes during any of these fqur days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. Dean of Men
Foil, Too, Can Be A Lucky Winner— University Now Offering Yellow Slips As Prizes In Big Semi-Annual Contest
By Ed Young We aie now at a familiar milestone on our locky road through this semester. The time is fast approaching when the University will flo^d the mails with pieces of care-fiflly-folded golden-hued paper. Half of this bulk will be directed at a select group of students, the other half being sent on to Sonny’s parents to herald his success. Just A Few Simple Rules As it may be possible that theie are those among us who have never shared the feeling which accompanies each such missive, let us lay down a few simple rules, faithful adherence to which will assuie reward. A failuie this semester should not cause concern, however. Remember, there’s always next semester. 1. Don’t be in a hutry at the be- \
ginning of the semester about buying a book for the course. You can use the money for other things, and besides, the instructor seldom knows whether you have one or not. 2. Put off writing that leport. It isn’t due until next week. You’ve got a whole week-end to woik on it. 3. Never let your woik inteifeie with the movies. It’s up to you and Louella Paisons to keep eveiyone infoimed about what’s new and good. 4. If you’re an upperclassman, remember your rights. You don’t have to go to class if you don’t feel like it. Cut once in a while just to make the instructor appreciate you when you are there. Be sure to cut when you know a test is coming. You can always make it up later.
5. Don’t work too hard the first part of the semester. Remember, it takes you a while to get in stride. You always do your best work the second half of the semester, any-
way.
6. Above all, don’t go in and confer with the instructor about the possibility of obtaining a yellow slip. Like as not, he’ll offer some excuse or try to convince you that you don’t deserve one, and, once again, you will be denied. They’re Guaranteed, Folks! And there they are. Satisfaction is guaranteed if you follow these suggestions. Perhaps you’ll succeed like the fellow we knew last year. He received so many yellow slips one day that he had to wear sun glasse.s for a week.
Tickets for seats in the special Dads’ section for the Michigan State game Saturday are still available. The block being sold includes Sections 4 and 5, located between the 30 and 40 yard lines 6n the Michigan State side. Tickets wilj be sold from 4 to 5:30 p. m. at the entrance to the south ballroom of the Union today, tomorrow and Thursday. Price of these tickets is $2.50; students who have alVeady bought the regular $2.50 tickets for seats not in the Dads’ Day block may exchange them for tickets in the special section. Any student who has not turned in coupon No. 3 of his passport may obtain a seat in this section by adding 23 cents for government tax. No regular student tickets may be exchanged, r.e.f. First Art Guild Movie To Show Pioneer Films Student Art Guild and the Student Union will present a series of six Little Movie Convos to be held at various times throughout the current school year, starting with the first program on Tuesday, November 11, at which early American film will be shown. Demonstrate Technique Development, technique, and aitistic aspects of movies will be demonstrated at these various programs. This survey of films will include silent epics such as “Birth of a Nation” and will trace the rise of motion pictures throughout the world as well as in the U. S. These films will include many examples of eaily sound pictures and will touch upon the development of technicolor. Some films of foreign make with English sub-titles will be shown. Little Movie Convos aie designed to provide University students with an opportunity to see pictures which made film hifetory and some which have never been shown outside of larger cities. In connection with these progiams Student Art Guild is sponsoring the “History of American Movies” exhibit in the east reception room of th^ Union in the belief that motion pictures are the most important, vital and popular art form of our time. The exhibit consists of a series of pictures depicting the changes in film technique from 1895 to the present day. All students are urged to purchase tickets for the programs before Tuesday, November 11, when the first Little Movie Convo will be held. No tickets for individual progiams will be sold. The season tickets, sold at 40c, will entitle the students to see all six programs and may be obtained at the west desk of the Union, i.e.f. 1^ !■ I V ^ I Class For Operators Following the regular meeting of the Radio club at 7:30 tonight in room 134 of the EE building, the first of a series of amateur radio opeiator’s license classes will be
held.
There will be two classes, one for holders of class B amateur licenses who wish to get A licenses, and anothei for non-amateurs who want to obtain their first license. Club membeis will instruct the classes in which theory and practice necessary to obtain a government license to operate an amateur radio station will be covered. A book written by the American Radio Relay League containing representative questions likely to be asked on a government radio exam will seive as the text. A class will meet after each of the club meetings, which are held eveiy other Tuesday. Anyone interested in radio work, whether a student or not, may attend the meetings and classes, p.s.
Sergei Rachmaninoff To Play At Third Convo This Sunday
Ralph Kriebel . . . project conservationist of the Bedford area, will speak at 7:30 tonight at the legulai Forestry club meeting in room 117 of the Horticulture building. Kriebel will discuss “Wildlife in Indiana.” Refreshments will be served.
Parents To Discuss Problems Of Youth At Institute Meeting Program Will Feature Matthews, McFarland Principal topic of the annual Parents’ Institute to be held at the University Wednesday and Thursday will be methods of dealing with the problems of youth today. About 400 men and women are expected to attend'the meeting, according to Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the school of Home Economics. Dean Matthews is in charge of the TnstitutCj which is conducted in cooperation with the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers. Wednesday’s Program Mrs. Claude Hudson, Lafayette, district director of the Congress, will preside over the meeting Wednesday, which has “The Position of Youth Today” as its theme. Mrs. James L. Muiray will welcome the group, followed by Dean Matthews, who will discuss “Youth in a Changing Wo;Id.” Others in the morning program are Mis. Inez R. Canan, West Lafayette, and Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women at the University. Mrs. Edward Watskin, Whiting, third vice-presi-dent of the Congress, will lead the discussion. University Speakers “Training Youth” is the subject of the afternoon meeting, presided over by Mrs. Frederick Conkle of Noblesville, first vice president of the Congress. Prof. Muriel G. McFarland, in charge of teacher training in home economics. Bob Paiks, director of the Union Puttering Shop, and Dr. J. A. Bromer, professor of psychology, will represent the University on the program. Buswell Will Speak At Chemical Society Meeting On Monday Members of the University section of the American Chemical Society will hear Dr. A. M. Buswell speak on “Recent Developments in Water Treatment” at 7:30 p. m. next Monday in loom 211, Stanley Coulter Hall. Dr. Buswell has been chief of the State Water Survey of Illinois since 1920, and has been called on frequently to serve on state and national committees studying water purification and sewage disposal. Pi’eceding the talk, a dinner will be held in honor of Dr. Buswell in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union at 5:55 p. m. All who wish to attend the dinner must make reservations with Prof. F. J. Allen, chemistry department, not latei than Friday. I.s. Open Sorority Rush Period Starts Today Open lush for all soroiities will begin today and will continue until November 26. Only those coeds who signed up for formal rush and did not pledge may go through this rush
period.
During open rush thd lushees do not sign any caids, bup the sororities will contact the gills whom they wish to enteitain. Coke dates, informal dinneis and slumbei paz’ties will constitute the rush piogram. p.s. Tau Beta Pi Will Hold Fall Initiation Banquet In Union Annual fall initiation banquet of Tau Beta Pi, national all-engineei-ing society, will be held tomoriow at 6 p. m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Professor Chailes B. Murphy of the history department will speak on current events and Gerhard Nothmann will act as toastmaster. All faculty and graduate membeis aze invited to attend, j.t.k.
Pianist-Composer Will Give Afternoon Music Hall Recfta/ Sergei Rachmaninoff, pianist, conductor, and composer o£ the “C Sharp Minor Prelude,” will appear at the Music HaH next Sunday at 3 p. m. for the third regularly scheduled University Convocation of the semester. Usual convocation admission conditions will prevail, students being admitted by passport and others by season book or single admission tickets priced at one dollar. There will be no advance sale or reserved seats. Rachmaninoff has conducted the Moscow Symphony Orchestra and the Moscow Private Opera in his native Russia. Be- - .. cause he preferred the career of pianist, he refused an offer to conduct the Boston Ssonphony Orchestra. Now a citizen of the United States, he was exiled from Russia after the Revolution. Constant Revision Rachmaninoff is continually revising his own compositions, changing them to his own satisfaction; he plays his C sharp Minor Prelude differently than the score as it was
published.
The composer confesses that as a boy he continually shiz-ked piaizo practice. Though he does not consider himself a child prodigy, he began to show talent at the hge of four. He has the gift of absblute pitch, a help to him when he attended the Moscow Conservatory at the age of nine. He was awarded a gold medal fay the Conservatory when, as a jrtjpil of Az-ensky and Tanezev, he didlf^ first composing. While he was still a pupil, “Aleko,” his oite-act oper£', was pz oduced at the Moscow Opera,
a.l.w.
Feed Control Association Elects Curtis As Presi€^eni Paul B. Curtis of the University state seed commissioner’s oflSce was elected president of 'the American Feed Control Officials Association at its annual convention at Washington, D. C., last week. Curtis has been a member of the executive committee of the organization for the past three years. Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the Agricultural Chemistry department, sez'ved as president about ten years
ago.
Sergei Rachmaninoff
Scrivener To Award Prizes In Freshman Manuscript Contest
Three prizes will be offered by Scrivener, student literary magazine, to the authors of the winning manuscripts in the publication’s annual freshman literary contest. Awards of $5.00, $3.00 and $2.00 will be made for the outstanding papez’s submitted frozh varied fields. Many types of writing may be entered in the contest, including short stories, essays, poems, and plays. All manuscript will be judged by members of the Scrivener Club on the basis of oz'iginality and merit of content and style. Deadline for the entries in the contest is Thursday, Nov. 13, at 4 p.m. All articles should be turned in at the office in University Hall before that time. Announcement of winners will be made the following week, and the prizes will be awarded at a meeting of the Scrivener Club. Winning manuscripts will be published in the December issue of Scrivener, g.w.b.
William L. Shirer ^ . . . noted war correspondent of the Columbia Broadcasting Comjpany and author of the best-seller “Berlin Diary,” will speak tonight in Indianapolis. The lecture, which is being held under the auspices of the Indianapolis League of Women Voters, will be held at the Murat Theater at 8 p. m. Price of admission is $1.10.
Home Ec Cafeteria Began In 18 Without Own Kitchen Utensils
By Eleanor Vansickle It’s an inteiesting, all too short half hour that is spent heaz ing tall, energetic Miss Edith Gamble of the Institution Management option tell of the purpose and giowth of the home economics lunch I'oom—-that cafeteria on the giound floor of the Home Economics Building where instiuctois and gizls in turn white unifoims I’ush busily aiound each week-day noon. She leans foiward in her'chan and her eyes snap as she tells of its inauspicious beginning in 1918 in the foods laboi’atoiies of Ladies’ Hall, which stood wheie now is the lawn between the pi’esent Home Economics Building and University Hall. Needed Trained Women \ There was a growing demand for young women tiained for school lunche, tearoom, cafeteria, and hospital kitchen management; and the home economics staff felt that existing foods laboiatoiy work did not give girls the manageual experience they needed. Skeptical university heads gave pel-mission for lunch to be served on one condition—that it cost the University nothing! To this day, the lunch room is entirely self-support-ing, paying both rent and utility costs to the Umveisity each month. /
Borrowed Equipment Using borrowed china, silver, and chairs, few cooking utensils, and one-burner hot plates in the lafaoiatory, food was cooked in one laboratory and served in the other twice a week to forty people to whom tickets had been sold in advance. Anxiety sometimes ran high over selling the last bit of food in order to make the costs and receipts for the day balance.
Expansion In 1923
The new venture struggled, persisted, and grew until in 1923, when the new Home Economics Buildinl^ was biult, a fund of $202.'&1 had accumulated fzom the one dollar zoom-usage fee, and the one dolhtr replacement fund that each day’s manager was required to include in her accounts. This fund also included the small profits. Borrowed equipment had been gradually purchased, and this remaining lhad was used to help equip the n«# institution kitchen.
Work Together
Enthusiasm seems znfectihus among the IM girls as in the kitchen or go to cTa)Ss<Ss*''|fe
groups. Their attitude
derstandable when One reahn^'
(Continued on page 4)‘tteiili Iirii niiti
Purdue Exjpotwnt
Wu Metter OfL Mr..:Wil^rt
German morale, Adplph Hitier made a speech two weeks ago in the concluding battle of the np^ tlfat battle has materialized into 4 Koli^ust that threatens to sweep Moscow into Ae New Order. But is Hitler better "off than he was a year ago? ' Llst'y^ar at^this tph^ the Germah‘'a,i‘riiies Were **int^t. They had completed blobdless conquests of most of Europe, and had conquered the Bow Countries and France with the toss of only a small amount of men and .mateffelf Geffaany had England almost to her knees through devastating air attacks. The New Order setemed to be clicking everywhere, for the nations Germany had absorbed were half convinced that Hitler was doing the right thing. Allthis was a year kgo. Since then Mr. Hitler has brought under his domination several countries that did not care for the New Order. These countries, although conquered by the German military
machine, are still bucking the New Order by civil disobedience. The examples set in these countries have caused small, but significant uprisings even in countries that had previously been Cowed by the Germans. Since that time Hitler has attacked a European power that is organized along totalitarian lines similar to' his oWfi' cCufit'ry. ■ By adihis^iCn of AdPlph Hitler, Bussih was ‘arid is a formidable military power. Against Russia, Hitler has wasted huge numbers of his men. ■ — , n ,m,. Since that time England has staged a remarkable recovery from the German air'attacks. With the help of America, England has rebuilt an arniy that in recent maneuyers showed itself as a potent military force. '/ Although Mr. Hitler still makes speeches that proclaim the magnificence of the German accomplishments, isn’t it possible that When he is off by hirpself, Adolph Hitler wishes he had the last year to do over again?— University Daily Kansan. — • ■ ■ '■■■■• A:, ■■ , , :.
Today ^ On WBAA
Tuesday, November 4 rJ94J
DePaiir's
.MVu''i i.'
!■ \
le
VttSWKIQH MEMY-aO-ictt
By Drew Pearson arid Robert S. Allen British Demands For More Press C.ensorship Here Nothing NewTo Navy Men WASHINGTON, Nov. 3—British demands for greater censorship of the American press, made public in London last week, are not new to executives of the U. S. Army and Navy. They have been hearing these British complaints for some time— and with mixed sympathy. Theoretically U. S. officials are inclined to agree wi|;h the British that perhaps some news should be withheld from the American press. On the other, hand, those who understand American public opinion realize that President Roosevelt has a far different problem from that of the British in educating public opinion. Bi'itain is in the war and the public has been accustomed to war for two years. The American public, however, is a long way yet from entering the war, and demands the facts rather than any twisting or withhplding of the facts. Furthermore, there is a group insi^ the Army and Navy which demands more facts for themselves regarding the British military position. They believe the British have been too optimistic, and that American military strategists should have all the British facts, disagreeable as they may be, in order to cope with them! One very vigorous member of this school is Admiral Ernest j. King, commander of the Atlantic Fleet. Admiral King is running one of the most efficient sections of the U. S. Navy, the convoys across the North Atlantic, but he believes in looking the facts in the face—even though disagreeable.^-- i , - i ^ • Admiral King Wins Out Several days ago King had reason to differ with Admiral William Standley, retired, who went to Russia as adviser to Averell Harriman. Standley, after .stopping also in London, came back with an enthusiastic 60-page report glowing with Russo-British ability to hold out. When Admiral King heard of this he went to the White House and
registered an emphatic protest against the “PoUyanna stuff.” He told the President that he did not trust Admiral Standley’s report and wanted to send his own observer to the Mediterranean to look over the British situation. Admiral King can be a tough talker, and he did not mince words with lk<^oseYiel^, jpfe in^iigiated that the ^resi^eyit, might remove ^|iim if he^ wished,, that, ke AKmg) had to,.know, what the U. S. fleet faced j in .the Atlantic., So the President gaY;? him permission to send one of his own Atlantic fleet officers to look oyer the British situation.' ' ' ‘ ' ■ ' What King and oth^r ArmyNavy. co.mnjahders .airg chiefly worried, about is the British position in the. Near JEast. Here morale is reported at low ebb; troops are still poorly' equipped. All of which may be highly exaggerated. But S. Army and Navy strategists want to know—without any British 'cehsoi’shijpi',?- • Secret Naaii Map Here are the details of that secret Nazi map, dividing South America into five vassal states, which was disclosed by the President in his Navy Day speech: 1. Starting at the top of the southern continent, the Nazis grouped the following to make up one of their proposed subject provinces: Colombia, Venezuela, and the three Guianas, British French, and Dutch. 2. South of Colombia and extending down the west coast, another grouping consists of Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and the northern half of Chile. 3. A third aggregation is built around Argentina, to which is added the southern half of Chile on the west coast (whei'e there already is a large German population) and on the east coast, Uruguay, Paraguay, and the Falkland Islands. The latter belong to Britain. 4. and 5. The fourth and fifth vassal states on the Nazi map are made up by splitting Brazil into two parts: one province with the Amazon as its eastern border; the other the equally rich and nearly as large industrial Atlantic coast region. Three of the subject states would be agricultural and two, the coastal section of Brazil and Argentina, industrial. But this isn’t all. The map also reveals that the Nazis would subdivide these five states into 117 political units, each bossed by a Nazi, who in turn would be subject to one of the five Gauleiters ruling Nazified South America. Note—The secret Nazi map was obtained from a high German agent, whose papers were seized while he was en route to Buenos Aires by way of Japan. However, the map is almost identical with one obtained by liberal Argentine representatives in 1938, and which was shown to the State Department at that
Puttering Shop Opens Display Of Paintings, Lithographs In Union Puttering Shop opened another exhibit of contemporary art yesterday in the Music Room of the Union. The exhibit includes seven paintingjs on national defense themes and a number of lithogr’aphs done by American artist Benton Spruance. These paintings will be shown until Nov. 13, but the lithographs will be in the Music Room throughout No-
vember,
Early this year, American artists realized the necessity of recording the national defense period of y^nrerican history, as they have recorded dust bowl history, flood history, and many other periods. With this thought m mind. Life magazine commissioned seven of the Nation’s contemporary artists to paint cross sections of national defense. Published in a July issue of Life, the paintings are now in that magazine’s private collection. They have been loaned to the Puttering Shop for display in the Music .Room, Phe seven to be shown are: Tom Lea’s “Top Sergeant,” Henry Billings’ “U. S. S. North Carolina,” Paul Sample’s “Shell Factory,” Fletcher Miller’s “Mess Line” and Peter Hurd’s “Marine Training Base.” s.w. Code, Radio passes Will Start Tomorrow Starting tomorrow the military department will offer code and padio instruction for the fourth successive year. Those interested in such instruction should see Lt. J. R. Burkhart, who is general supervisor, and arrange a scehdule. Classes are open to all male University students. They will be held in room B,4 of the Armory from 4 to 6 p.m. on week nights. Two hours a week attendance is }’equirod. Last year 175 students were enrolled in the course. Private P. L. Browning, from Ft. Knox Armored Force, will be the instructor. At the completion of the coui’sc, it is expected that beginners will be able to send and receive five words a minute and the advanced course students twenty words a minute, m.a.f. time in an effort to persuade Secretary Hull not to cooperate with General Franco in Spain. Liberal Argentines considered Franco the stooge of Hitler and showed what Hitler’s demands were against South America. However, the inap was pooh-poohed by the State Department at that time, and Secretary Hull continued his appeasement of Franco. (Copyright, 1941, by United ■ Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
,.Simpspp-Smth Marion Huttqp, vocaliM wi|h Glenn Miller’s orchestra, heard on CBS^s “Moonlight Serenade” , program, was set for a career in medicine until Glenn Miller came along. Four years ago, Marion was a student at the Cass Institute, Detroit, majoring in medicine. Like many other girls on the campuses of America, Marion liked to sing, hum, dance and take part in class nights. But the thought of a career as a singer never entered her mind. One night she was . visiting her sister, Betty, who was singing with yincent Lopez’ orchestra. Betty asked Marion if she would like to sing a few numbers. Marion said she would—but more as a gag than anything else. A musician by the name of Glenn Miller was visiting Lopez that same night. He had just formed a new orchestra and was looking for a female vocalist. After hearing her, he asked Marion if she would fly to New York to audition with the band. Marion agreed. The next day, she went to New Yoi’k and was back in Boston the same niglit.'^When she arrived at her hotel, there was . a call from Miller. He wanted her as vocalist with the band. Students Liked Her Marion toured with the band and her popularity grew as Miller’s did, especially among college students. Now surweys indicate that her records sell better in university towns than any other popular singer’s. So instead of her being Marion Hutton, M.D., she is now Marion Hutton, M.S. (Master of,Swing). Another Poem (Detective story fans please shudder) : (I) ' Aunt Mary lies murdered in bed A pickaxe stuck into her head. And the monster which men shun May come back to the mansion To fill other victims with lead.
(II)
Uncle David’s severed right arm Has been safely relieved of its , charm. The ex-owner is happy, He’S got back the snappy Gold ring that will keep him from harm. . (HI) St. Eustace and Willi may be The villains in this mystery. But their alibis perfect Would baffle a prefect In spite of their casuistry.
Well, another weelc-end shot in the pants, and what do We have to show for it? Nothing but empty pockets and bags under our eyes. One thing sure,, though, and that is that we werenT the orily ones that ^ent to Indianapolis. Ran'into Bill Hosier down there with a beautiful .blond. You know* that boy ipally. gqts around. Saturday night he yas with that blond and then Sunday‘ night, he comes back up here and goes out with that gorgeous brunette, Barbara Hyman. How do you do it. Speaking of Alpha Chis, we ran into Marie Johnson, who graduated from here last year. She’s the gal, you’ll remember, that got married in September of her senior year and kept it a secret until after she had graduated. Now there’s a record we dare any of you to compete with. Well, another pin went put and off campus lately. This one belonged to Phi Psi Woody Armstrong and he pinned a Butler Pi Phi. Our correspondent makes the pei’tinent remark that maybe that was the reason he wasn’t invited to the Theta pledge dance last Friday, but naturally it wouldn’t occur to our correspondent that he probably didn’t give a darn. Thanks anyhow, though. There’s one fellow around here that’s really cooking with gas, or at least he’s playing with fire. We’re referring to Phi Delt Les Cook. At the present time, he’s rushing three Pi Phis, namely, Jane Robinson, Char Pirie, and Bertie Cole.; Boy, there’s a trio for you. We should think it would be hai'd enough to cope wtih any. one of them much less the three together. More power to you, boy, if you get away with, it. ‘ Heard in the Kappa Bum Room: “You have a wonderful form, dear” “Must you go all over that again” Enough’s enough; so we always say.
16:06—^News . iptlO—Curio Man 10';15^I\jIotpii(g Mplpdies 10:30-:—AA Breseuts ,10:46—DAR Program—Mrs. W. H. Schlosser ll:00-^^'Prinpp|es of Sociology” witlkjjpr.of.K. Npss 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Agincultural Forum 12:15---Meet the,Band 12:45—(Flexible for special events) 1:00--rRed abd Black Revue Music 1:45—Markets, •, 2:00—A Story a Day 2:15—Parent Forum 2:30—Virginia UU’ey, singer 2:45—Ti-easure.-Ghpst 3:00—News . 3:10—Defense Building 3:16—^Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Musical Round-Up 4:00—Tea.Time Tunes 4:16—^Heat’d in the Hallway 4:30—Uavid Simpson,- pianist. 4:46—Little Miss Muffett 5:00—(fust Beldx 5:15—Employment Service 5:30—Vespers 6:45—^Cprio M^n 5:50—^News 6:00—pinner Music 6:30—^Sports Review 6:45—The Magic Carpet 7:00—Religious Drama 7:15—Music 7:30—Carolyn Wood, singer 7:46—Music Without Words, Mildred Johnson 8:00—Story of the Opera 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:45—Ruth Ralston, singer 9:00—Domonim Mira 9:30;—Music 9:50—News 10:00—OFF THE AIR
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
WA!^ speedball team-,pf; £)ePau\y Unfversife 4^|eated th| te^a^s^.of |b4 Ihdiapa andjtljie Univ^itJ? vvin the ■ WAA Speedball Pl'aydaV held irf the Fieldhouse here last .Salpi'd^y.4 li' ^ ■ ' ihree gaipes wefe^ playe’d, first at 10 a. m. when DePauw, defeated the.'Ideal team.'In the second game., Indiana also defeated .Burdue, and in thp flpal gapie held in the afternoon between BePauvv; and Indiana, the PePauw team again won.' WAA member's entertained ;their guests^ with a noon luncheon at the Ylkk cabin, and a tea in the Mcr morial Gymnasium following the tournament. . During the afternoon a coipmittee of the American FedeTatipn pf College women met to discysa changes in the state W A A constitution, which will be announced in the near future, s.w.
TODAY -TOMCfRROW DOUBLE feature .irfsi 1. „ Brenda Marshall
TOP SERGEANT MULLIGAN NAT PENOLEtON CAROL HUGHES
M.
E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK ' Phone 56214
Coipfort and Security Away Iron) Home HbtEt FbWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Gale Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
utwtem TODAY - Y^EDNESDAY
LAFAYETTE
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THMOum,
with
mmnt A UxIftH HUNTEt
’holographed in Technicoi
BETTY GRABLE! 20TH CiNTURYvFQXffLpURI ^
PwvdusL pxpomM, All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year aiiid'weekly dqring the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions,, $4.00.
Edltor-in-Chicf.. N«wi Editpr: SpvrU EdUDi-..
..Ned A. Ochiltree Bueiness Manager ..John L. Traugott Managing Bditor ..Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Publication Staff
Business Staff
Associate Editors BditorhU'Btatf: J. F. Amos, J. M. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, i^. L, Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. C, Kieper. Sports Staff: 0, T. Clark, J. D. FraB(.'r, J. S, Keeler. Coed Staff; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chuttield, Jane Ramsdell.
Coed UuainesB Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee BuHBong. Local'Advertising Managers; K. K, Gjerrire, R. E. Saxtpn; Circplation Manager:‘W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Pbonei: Editorial and Business, 4095; Sports, 2792 f EdItorHI After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Itepresentatives, 420 Madison Av(!., New York, N. Y.
Night Editor: Arrastroug Ugjr Editor; Boynton
J lD41’s Biggqst, Gayest Musical Titoteph!
am6
Dazzle your date in a fashion-hit forma!! Begin the formal season with a thrilling new gown--—styles for every personafity, at prices for every purse.
Cl'
4 11m ^
'^u&itd€iy$^ N&Demhet 4^ 1941
' %'
1 Ik .^itjLl^: hA:<fjj:£X' ’ Purdm
Snaw Wyman Dayis Will l^te iomicai SeilliB ^
Comedy numbers and novelty^featux’es will highlight the program of the 1041' i^ipguaeade, to be held in ^the Pi^dbdiise Ijobl, Nov. 28 and 29, under -the,- sponsorship of the Dolphin and Triton Clubs. Hoping t6\exceed jlast year’s acquatic -sueoe^s,' 'Dick Pnpehguth, BoilermftfosJr’swimming nientor, lias planned ,a variety o’fnew features. Included is' the University Glee Club, vfhibh, Contrary to popular belief, will not swim, but accompany some of the numbers with music. World swimming records will be at sfeke again as several national and world champs will be invitet| to perform at the Acguacade along with Pa;^enguth’s top-notch tahk,men. Joe''Wtlliamsoni jhnior breaststrokeiH ahd']ft'py Hejdke,' prominent yearliiig'''^reast stroke artist, wjll be gunSipg Jcif records,' while John Dilley b'b "but to break the world backstnokdifl^rfh ».'rOi "• < ■ Womeifs''iR^feofds Uhder Fire Betty Bb;|]|i(jis, Sutler University star and l^older of world’s 440-yard free-style crown' for women, and Patty'' Aspinall, world’champion wom^is breast stroker from Indi-
anapolis, will take part in the show. Members of the Boilermaker tank squad who will take part in the 1941 Acduacade are: Carney, Herr, Kratzer, Snead, LaBaw, Lake and Schmidt, free-style sprinters; Hanzel, Carney, Krick, Eriksen, and Kusko,'- free-sijyledistance men;
Williamson, Heidke, Tingley, and Ace Anderson, Nourse, and Curly Anderson, back-strokers; Holderman, Hubley, Grubb, Baure, and Joungst, divers. Jack Ancker, free-style artist, will be unable to participate in the show due to a leg injury, d.e.b.
Waiit That
I
■X i
Certainly You Du
'i li ^ ^'
■y ' ,, ••'f *, ,1
Fine Cleaners of Fine Clothes
The Milder Better-tasting Coqler-sjvioking cigaretti^
{p^yrighl X94t,_LicciTr & Mvint Tobacco Cov
mSi
... outstanding Spartan left half- this Saturday. Last year Davis back, one of the three Davis back- gained 296 yards running and 240 field hces, and member of the “Davis yards passing for the East Lansing Touchdown Twins,” will be a spark- squad, branding himself as a real plug of Michigan State’s offensive threat.
• Fprdh^fn 17—Purdue Q (In Retrospecf) Everyone wants to know what happened at Fordham Saturday. This matter of getting no first downs is a hard pill for a Boilermaker fan to swallow. It’s hard to blame a team for losing a game under conditions like that. But the Boilermakers were ^tindly beaten by a team that was, on that day, several points better than they. We say “on that day” because we think that there are some dqys when the difference would
be much less.
We had a startling premonition of the outcome of the game when we were forced to walk through the' Fordham dressing room to get to the press box. While the Boilermaker team which we had just left was in a rather light mood for such an important game, the Fordham dressing room was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. When we asked permission to pass, it sounded as if we were shouting. The Rams were so intent they might have been preparing to go over the top against Nazi machine^ gjunners. They were out to win at any cost. • Just Plain Slop The only thing that we can compare the playing field to is the newsreel pictures which occasionally picture wrestlers in slimy mud. Only lime and sand were mived-in to make it more interesting. The lime caused the superficial burns on the players exposed surfaces which looked so bloody after the game. It was raining and it was muddy. Passes were out. The Boilermakers learned the hard way that end runs were futile. That just left the line. Ram linemen were blocked out as usual, but their secondary was playing right against the line. Result—no Boilermaker first downs. • Nothing To Hold To If we were looking for an alibi we might mention the rubber yain pants which the Bams wore. It_was like tackling porpoises. • What Would Have Happened Sans Precipitation? A lot of people are still wondering' what might have happened if it had been a dry day. Also they are wondering if the Rams are of Rose Bowl calibre. To the former we humbly reply that it was our observation that the Boilermakers weren’t putting out everything they had, and would probably have lost on a dry field. To the second—^it’s hard to judge a team by such a game. Their backs are wonderful. If their line is as good on a dry day in proportion to their mudding ability, then we say, quofe, “Yes',” unquote. • Purdue 16—Chicago Bears 14 (Oh Boy!) Yesterday afternoon a couple of former Boilermakers, who were pals and Phi Delt brothers while on the cajnpus, teamed together to hand the potent (or formerly so) Chicago Bears their first trimming of the year almost double handed. Cecil Isbell crashed for one of the touchdowns and threw a pass to Lou Brock for the second score. The play of both of these former Gold and Black stars made them easily the outstanding men on the field. Looks like Purdue broken even over
the week-end.
e For Varsfty Eleven Holfls InMml&A Por Coming Bads' Bay Sk/im^
By Bob Krieger
Less than twenty-four hours aft^* the BpilerinBheKB rived back here following their game with itt Polo Grounds, they were hard at work preparing for the Dad's Day tussle with Michigan State in Koss-Ade Staditupn next Saturday. f Although the Riveter offense last Saturday was nof. potent, the game with Fordham was {dayed under the ntoat — —r—— I j trying condition's a Boilenttalan'
Gopher Grid Squad Leiids Conference Football Standings
team was ever called upon to iatX. The Polo Ground turf was a visitable quagmirei With the ptoyer# being forced to perform in mud
which was ankle deep.
No New Injuries ' ' One bright spot in an otherwise
Minnesoto’s powerful Gophers gloomy aftermath is the fact that virtually clinched the Big Ten foot- no additions were ms^e to the ball title last Saturday afternoon Boilermaker injury list as h when they topped Northwestern, of the fray with the Rams. J^te 8-7, before 64,500 fans, the biggest Timperman, who was taken sfqk crowd ever to see a game at Minpe- after the sqpad arrived in I^ew apqlis. It wasn’t the .traditional York, will be able to return to acGopher power, however, that pro- tioh next Saturday, and there isla vided'the winning margin. A trick possibility that co-capt^ To^ play that caught the Wild^ts com- Melton, the brilliant l^iyeter riglil' j^Ietely flatfooted sent diminuitive guard, will see action whea‘ Bud Higgins across from North- Boilermakers taqgle with the Spa^western’s 41 yard line for the game tans. . - winning score. With but two more “Red” Mackey, who was ipterconference games to play, and viewed by the ^iter in the ab^n^ those against none too powerful of Coach Mai Elward, reyealed that foes, it looks like another cham- he was not sure whether ?[eriny
pionship for the Gophers.
Runner-Up
Michigan continued on its way to a successful defense of the runner-
Smock w;ould he able to face J^chigan State, and that Johnny G^vin definitely would be unable to With four days remaining hrfore
up spot when it soundly trounced ^^usion by tje .^e Bob Zuppke’s mini by a 20-0 score. R^^^ter held a general hg^t As usual Tommy Kuzma, Harmon’s/afternoon. Hgvsuccessor, turned in a brilliant per- regulars who jiaye a^n
formance and together with Cap- ^ tain Bob Westfall scored all the
poihts of the afternoon. Th? Jllhii ^ ■ showed signs of scoring power at Will Outweigh Biv^eyS' * tiriies but because of the gale that The Spartans, who are coached was blowing were forced to aban- by Charley Bachman, empl*^ the
Notre Dame system whirfi .was Cbnceived by the impiortal 'Rockne. Their attack is featured by bofti running plays and forward passii^. The boys from East Lansing w® outweigh the Boilermakers both in
WHERE TO GO for those "'important” dinners
The Chestnut Room in the Union is the place you have been seeking. Bring your family, your sweetheart, and your friends here, where fine food, good service anji pleasant surroundings will make every dinner an important one, every evening an event.
JhsL
TIlMoimL lAniofC The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
don their only offensive threat—
forward passes.
Badger Streak Snapped
Wisconsin’s winning streak was
snapped in a non-conference battle _ _ with the Syracuse Orangemen when the line' anT thriackfield
“the boys from Syracuse” used The Riveters will be out to av^gc their new “Y” formation to win a the 20 to 7 defeat which they'a#-free-scoring battle, 27-20. Besides fered at the hands of "Michi^'n the trickery, for which the Syracuse state last season at Macklin Field
team is famous, the Orange-showed jjj East Lansing,
great speed and with a fine assort- To date the Spartan record sKhws ment of backs ran and passed the a 19 to 7 defeat by Michigan, a 13 Badgers dizzy. Wisconsin is third 7 victory over Marquetj^, in the conference standings at pres- rolled over Wisconsin by a score ent biit will have to do better when of gg to 7, a 7 to 0 defeat by Bamta they play Ohio State next Saturday clara, a 39 to 6 conquest of Wayne, in order to stay there. and a 19 to 0 setback by Missouri. Three Tied For Fourth One member of the Spartan hitdkNorthwestern is one of the three who will^ bear close lyateluPg teams which are tied for fourth Saturday is Hugh Davis. This place with a .500 percentage. They pound colored halfback is delost a close one to Minnesota but scribed by Boilermaker scouts as
will be out for revenge against Indiana in their home game with them this week. With the satisfaction of being the only team to stop the Gopher power plays thus far this season', the Wildcats should raise their percentage with the Hoosiers unless
the highly-touted Mr,
runs wild.
“fast as greased lightning.” To Play Last Home Game ^ Since the game with Michigan State marks the final appearance of the Riveters in Ross-Ade Stadium this season, the following members of the team will'be turning in their
Hillenbrand final performance on the home field:
Italo Rossi, Wes Stevens, Pete
Ohio State In Three-Way Tie Timperman, co-captains Jim MiUer t, , T> > i r. 1 ^nd Tom Melton, Bob Kersey, Bill P.aul Brown s Ohio State Buck- i._--i.. oJ.; A.—i.
eyes are also one of the participants
in the three-way tie. Although they too played a non-conference game, beating Pittsburgh, 21-14, the Buckeyes will take strides toward breaking it against the Badgers of Wisconsin by the virtue of what they hope is a victory. Records so far would indicate this, but one Pat Harder, Badger sophomore flash,
may prove to the contrary. The Boilermakers of Purdue com-
Combsi Frosty Sprowl, Jim Rush, and big John Petty. Quite an im-
posing array^ we think!
Chess team top, To indiantjloHS Clii University Chess Club;'^ijinder’|hfi direction of Dr. P.' D. Marfinf ^fe-
ulty advisor, engaged'the
plete the trio of teams, having beat- cfiess Association in a mateh en Iowa while losing to Ohio State. Sunday afternoon in'.the'tfnion. The Last Saturday the Rivetei s lost to Indianapolis Chess Association won, a Rose Bowl inclined Fordham gggj.gs being 21% '^b 6%. squad by the tune of 17-0 in the rain Three groups played ibr each and mire of the Polo Grounds in side; a student team, a fae^fy team New York. The will was there but ^^d a mixed' group of students and not the way. Michigan state will be faculty members. Each contestant the next opponent of the Gold and rjiaved two vames h e
Black team before a continuance of
Big Ten chores.
Hoosiers, Illini In Cellar The remaining three members of the conference are Iowa, Illinois, and Indiana all of whom have too many losses for comfort. Iowa sptang a mild upset when they grabbed a 13-7 victory from Indiana to top off Homecoming festivities
the right way.
Billy Hillenbrand had the Iowa fans in doubt for 30 minutes but a half time conversion brought the Hawkeyes crashing back to two touchdowns and victory. Bus Mertes and Bill Green were the Iowa backs that did most of the running in the second-half rally, w.h.c.
TOUCKBALX. Tu«s4ay. Noxcnber 4 Phi Kapp»"'Tau vs. Phi KappA ’Official: Wente. Sigma Alpha Epsiloa vs. Phi Shuoa Kappa. Oilicial: Wood. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi KappjH Official: 6a:^in. ~ Si^ma Aipbh Iftu vs. Pi. Official: Olds. Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Pst Officii: Stephans. Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa phi. Official: Plnipmer. Delta Chi vs. Theta Tau. Official:
Jones.
Delta Opsijcin. ,vs. Phi Delta Theta. Official: Bfiffe^ty. ’ Alpha Gamma Sho vs. Alpha SignoA Phi. Official: Cooper. Tau Epsilon Phi vsJ Acacia. Official: Baldauf. Sigma Pi vs.^AljAa Uhl ffhOn Ogjeial: Meyer. '
EDGERTON HDWE., INC HARDWARE-PAIKTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT -Phone 4a54 INliiip.in'it
i
■ , j. -I Tfer .
H metirn
r ^ I? I 111
Mi
m
mj
#MSoimel Notes
<!^tii|HiniM Scheduled To Visit the Ciiinpus->-<On Seniors’ Company Lists) General Motors Corporation, DeIroit, Michigan. November 5 and 6, mi. , HCA Manufacturing Company, Inc, Indianapolis, Indiana November 6, 1941 Not on Seniors’ Company Lists) *StandaTd Oil of Louisiana, Baton Rouge, Louisiana Novembei 4,
1941
♦Colgate-Palmobve Peet Company, Jersey City, New Jeisey November 6 and 7,1941 M E , Ch E , and Science ^Square D Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin November 6 and 7,1941 January E E and M E '‘Types of students indicated please sign up in school offices foi these companies if interested (As rapidly as possible, complete notices regal ding the visits of the above companies will be posted on school bulletin boards )
Eleven Alumni Get \ CallFrom Army Air Corps For Training
Notices
Triton Members Swimming party lor you and your dates Tuesday Nov 4 at 7 80 p m in "Women 8 pool Everyone encouraged to come —KRAEPBLIEN
Purdne Radio Ciub; Meeting Tuesday Nov 4 at 7 30 p m in room 134 o| the EE Building Amateur theory classes wilt start —MILES
Dolphin Club All actives and pledges meet at 8 p m sharp Tuesday Nov 4 in Union ballroom for Debris pictures —HERR
Small Audience
Accoiding to woid released by the militaiy depaitment, eleven foimei University students have received 01 del s to report to Aimy All Coips training fields for tiaining as Aviation Cadets Assigned to Kelley Field, Texas, are Russell W Rowe, W H Longevetker ’44, Donaldson B Hurd, ’39, Eail L Yousey, ’39, Kenneth W Piien, ’42, Wilbui H VanHoin Ji , and Raymond C Schwambei gei, ’41 Those oideied to lepoit to Coleman Flying School, Coleman, Tex as are the following W M Biandt, ’40, George A Gust, '42, and Chailes A Tuiner, ’41 Repoiting to Oklahoma An College, Oklahoma City, will be Emmett M Ade ’41 These men will be enteied in a 35 weeks course, on successful completion of which they will receive commissions as 2nd Lt in the An Coips reseive kak
Om'rron Nu Debris picture will be taken Tuesda.^ Novembei 4 at 10 20 p m in the
South ilallroom of the Union
—CODLINGS
Catalyst Club: Debris picture Will be taken at 7 30 p m Tuesday, I(ov 4, in North Ballroom of Union —KRAYBILL
AIChE Chem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the following Barns, Kraybill, Southard, Ray Smith Santini, Lerner —KRAYBILL
Activities Bureau Lligibility Committee meeting ‘Wednesday Novembei 5 at 4 16 p m in the bureau office Important —MILES
Union Spphomorea Thei*e Will be a ineetinK of the Bowling Alleys and Game Booirt Committee Wednesday Nov 6 at 4 rti in the Student Union office Will the following please report Seais Miers Levermg West Hobbs, Duffm Redwine and Barrett —WEBER
Underg’OsUuatc Dames Club Will have a meeting Tuesday Nov 4 at 7 30 p m in room 30V. of the Union MiSs ShankllA will speak run How to Plan Inexpensive But Well Balumccd Menus —VOLLMER
Novice Pistol Students desiring to lire fourth novice pistol group starting Nov 4 should sign Up in supply room at once This includes students who may have sign^ up prior to Oct 23 There are vacancies in this group for students desiring to fire same LT BROWN
AIChE* Meeting in room 129 of EE Buildin at 7 30 p m Wednesday, Nov 6 R J Kryter of Esterline Angus Co will speak on instrumentation —KRA‘yBILL
PlA Sophomore Workers Report to south ballroom Wednesday 9pm for Debris pictures .—ELDER
Sophomore Union Workers Report to room 305 of the Union at 4 16 p m Wednesday Nov 6 Very important ticket meeting Bring your money —GOSSETT
Tau Beta Pi AH faculty and giaduate students who are jnembers of Tau Beta Pi are invited to atteikd the annual fall initiation banquet on ‘W'Atlnesday Nov 6 at 6 p m in the West faculty Lounge of the Union
Mechanical Engineers The American So ciety of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building —BOLZ
Theta Alpha PhS Debris picture will be taken Tuesday Nov 4 at 9 45 p m in south ballroom of Union Men wear suit coats —STRONG
All Independent Students You aio in vited to the first Ward party to be htld in Memorial Gymnasium Friday Nov 7 from 8 to 11 30 p m WARD CHAIRMAN
Phi Lambda Upsilon Debris pictures Will be taken at 7 30 p m Tuesday Nov 4 In north ballioom of the Union —MONTGOMERY
Camera Club Debris grolip picture will be taken Tuesday Nov 4 at 8 80 p m in north ballfoom of the Union —TOWLE
WAA Spccdball B1 ic vs Yellow tourna ment game at 4 p m lu sdny N v on the field —GALBRAITH
BAO 8 All battery athletic officers who did not attend meeting Thursday October 10 see Lt Vanderford at earliest opportunity —VANDERFORD
Hoff and Horn Clulri Pictures for the Debris will be taken TueSiday night Novem ber 4 at 9 p m All meiBbers attend —DUNBAR
PIA Membership Salesmen Please check in mcmbeiship books with money by Friday evening Nov 7 Also have ai|y dance tickets that you might have —GORIS
Virginia C Meredith Debris picture will be taken Tuesday Nov 4 at 10 16 p m in south ballroom of the Union AH members included —BLANK
Newman Club Disc ibsion mcejings Tuos day. and Wedncbday Niv 4 and 6 at 7 30 p m in room 283 of the Union , —BUERGLER
Ceres Meeting Tuesday at 7 30 p m in Boom 306 of the Union Wear suits for Debris pictures Pledge meeting at 7 46 p m —CHESTER
Alpha Lambda Delta Collegiate chapter meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday Nov 4 in the Pharmacy Building to hear Dr deBey —HENNIS
Outing Club Make leservations for trip to McCormick Creek State Park on Nov 8 and 9 with Opal Blagrave 6766 or Gail Hennis 2907 before Monday Open meeting Wed Nov 6 at 6 p m in room 303 of the Union —BUERGLER
Gimlet Actives and Pledges Debris pic tures Tuesday Novembei 4 at 9 30 p m in the south ballrooiVi Please wear coats and pants / —JOHNSON
Society of Automotive Engineers All members will have their Debris picture tak en on Teusday Nov 4 Be in South Ballroom of the Union at 9 30 p m Please wear suit coats and ties —KEIL
WAA Archers individual tournament must be shot by Friday Nov 7 You may shoot any night at 4 p m —JOHNSON
Ceres AH men are expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judging Contest to be held Saturday Nov 16 in Ag Hall Prizes awarded Entry blanks may be obtained from Prof F B Robbins or pledges 1 —BYEB
Independent Staff llitic will bt an issue of the Independent next M nlay N v 10 Everyone get your stones fiim the dog in the office Also Debris will take pictures Wednesday evening Nov 6 — THOMPSON
Tau Beta Pi Pledges and Actives Formal initiation will begin at 4 SO p m Wednes day Nov 6 in room 366 of the Union Banquet at 6 p m —MUNGER
Alpha Zeta Debris picture will be taken Tuesday November 4 at 9 40 p m in south ballioom of Union Wear suit coats —SWAIM
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges jAeeting at 6 p m Thursday Nov 6 in 303 of the Union Those who wish to order keys bring $1 76 This will be the only opportunity to order them —BIERLEIN
Girls Bowling Tournament Ihc girls bowling tournamei t will open Tues lay Nov 4 at 7 p m Each of the sororities has entered a team The tololwing teams are bowling togethei Pi Beta Phi and Kappa Kappa Gamma Kappa Alpha Theta and Chi Omega Alpha Xi Delta and Alpha Chi Omega Phi Mu and Delta Camm i —DOROTHY WEBER
Student Art Guild Meeting in Puttering Shops at 4 15 p m Wednesday Nov 6 —PARKS
(Continued fioni page 1) much they "Vioik together, and when Miss Gamble explains—but "tve’ie inteiiupted, and she stops to answei student queues, and phone calls from haiassed ladies who want ad Vice, help, and cateresses’ addresses Back to the subject, she says that a person who manages an eating establishment must like people It sounds a little queei at fii st to heai hei emphasize psychology courses down here among the kitchens When she goes on with hei philosophy of tolerance and undei standing, the need for psychology and a genuine mteiest in people becomes deal ei The home economies lunch loom IS a flouiishing eating place now, and the Institution Management courses have inci eased from that first elective one to a total of fifteen The purpose is still, as it was then, to give girls tiaming and ex penence in actual management It is one answer to the increased em ^hasis in lecent yeais on foods, which has cieated a greatei demand foi home economics tiained women in commercial foods, social seivice, dietetics, and school lunch fields
Jeff Students Preview Play On WBAA Today
Alpha Phi Omega Debris picture at 10 30 p m on Tuesday Nov 4 in South Ball room of Union Actives are to wear suit coats An important meeting will be held at 9 30 p m before the picture is taken in Room 307 of the Union —SIGLER
HKN Debris picture will be taken at 6 60 p m Tuesday Nov 8 in the North Ballroom —SOUTHMAYD
POMM Pledges Meeting Tuesday Nov 4 at 7 20 p m in armory Attendance required —THOMAS
All Student Union Student Art Guild Little Movie Convo tickets money and subscribers names must be in to Puttering Shops before 4 30 p m Wednesday Nov 6 —PARKS
Student Union All Stu I nt Uni n sopl omore workers who still have little movit convo tickets must r tin n them by Tuesday Nov 4 afternoon in the Union ffie —REEVES
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — II91/2 Northwestern'Av«. Phone 4065
Purdue Gymnastic Club Practice every week day from 4 6 pm Tumbling and hand balancing every Tues Thurs, and Sat Apparatus work every Mon Wed and Fri Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times —POZER
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting Tuesday Nov 4 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD
Skull and Crescent Picture to be taken in the south ballroom of the Union at 10 60 p m Tuesday Nov 4 Everyone mpst wear coats —HEMLEB
Flying Club Reg ilai mcelini, Wodnes day Nov 6 at 7 30 i m m r oin 30’" of the Union Plcist bring du< an I money for steak fry -HABIGHT
Silver Mask Regular nieeting Tuesday Nov 4 in room 302 of the Union Pledging to be discussed —TOWER
Independent Students All students wish ing to take PIA as an activity report at PIA office Wednesday at 4 p m —ELDER
Military Ball Committee Sabre practice Tuesday No\ 4 at I i m in 1 m ^03 of the Armory lliose witlio t sabres lor low them frim seniois or thaw tl m fr m the supply room — DIBOS
Jeffeison High Schools annual “Red and Black Review” will be pieviewed ovei WBAA at 1 p m today, featuring some of the stu dents who will appeal on the show Friday at 7 p m in the Jefferson Gym This will be the seventh year of pioduction foi Jeffeison s “Red and Black Revue ” which is similai to the Union shows piesented at the Univeisity Foui to five huiidied students foim the cast Accoiding to infoimation, pievious shows have been veijr popular g w s
Classified Ads
Money to Loan on anything of value Alberts Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelers 407 Columbia St
A mobile cheinistiy laboiatoiy housed in a two ton truck, has been placed in use by Pennsylvania State college to meet the emergency de mands of defense education throughout the state
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented ropaued and purchased Mime (graph woik done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam Lafayette Phone 2 '“9
Lost ME 143 Notebook Name Tsu Zoo Tang Reward Moie than new notebook value Call 36614
For Sale Size 40 tuxedo In excellent condition $10 00 Phone 46 62
Lost Omicron Nu pin If found please tail 1064 Robcmaiy Anderson
^ No Cramming Necessary! For swell flavor and real chewing fun-the answer is delicious Wrigley’s Spearmint Gum
CL L L
• She has her eye on
the campus styles
4i i ^ f f
• She isn't just an uncommon little
'^1 IjJ^^ 3 ^
girl, but she represents all of the
coeds around Purdue because ....
ffiMi £ji
• She knows what she wants to
wear and
• She has her allowance with a
high percentage set off to buy: jl*
Dresses, Suits, Skirts, ; ,|
Cosmetics,
Hosiery,
Sweaters, Sports Apparel,
Jewelry
Millinery, Furs and Coats
ir^^H
-BUT-
U) The ADVERTISER must let her
know where to do her buying and
ililillHil IP
shopping!
AND HOW?
Ask Any Of The Following
EXPONENT Ad Salesmen
Bob Donaldson Gene Biynes f
Jim Petty Gary Klouman
Charlie McIntosh Jesse Wright ^ ^
*
or Don Johnson 4 AND THEY W YOU HC
ILL TELL )W