WiJ-
MERRY-GO-ROUND J^eports Gillette Reisses To Run
I *
SUGAR COATING Of Demerits Told In AST Patter
Established 1889
Honest Election? Ha!
me $6, No. 86
Purdue Uniyersity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December 7, 1943
|\dministration Adds December 24 To Vacation
VsuiV Will Begin Russian Ballet Will Appear f 7:30 P M. Thursday ,„ Musk Hall Thursday, 7. 30
By Peg Steflfes dr w
By Peg
Curtains will part on Playshop’s first production of the winseason, “The Pursuit of Happiness”, at 7:30 p. m. Thursday and Friday, and at 8 p: m. Saturday at Fowler Hall. ^ ^The play, under the direction of Carl Cass, is “coming along nicely”, according to Marvin Barab, who plays Mose; the house hdy. “Especially the bundling —
eccpel”
• Marge Thoms and George ^^kes, who are doing the roi(^"4htic leads as Prudence l^irkland and Max Christmftnn, were “nicely” involved in the blipdling scene at last Sunday’s rehearsal when Sykes had to climb
out of bed to receive a long dis- , , , , , , . tance call. In spite of many such board yesterday, it distractions, a smooth pei-formance u . is anticipated for Thursday night. f . , , Garber had been elected to the posiNothing has been cut from “The associate sports editor. They Pursuit’-the play will be present- Ackerman in completing
Exponent Board Elects New Junior Associate Editors Following a meeting of the Expo-
Following a meeting of the faculty held yesterday afternoon, the announcement of granting an extra day for the
Organized ten years ago to bring the Russian ballet to the American stage at reasonable Christmas vacation'was made by Executive Dean F. C. prices, the Ballet Theater, which will appear here at 7:30 p. m. Thursday in the Music Hall as Hockema. the fifth convocation of the fall season, has in its repertoire over thirty productions. Of Under the new plan, civilian, V-12 and advanced ROTC stuthese, the three that will be presented here are “Swan Lake”, “Three Virgins and a Devil”, dents will have Friday, Saturday and Sunday of the Christmas
and “Mademoiselle Angot”.
S. Hurok, impresario of the Ballet Theater, decided tqn years ago to gather in Europe
and America the promising young ballet artists and make a company of them. He opened his first ballet season at the St. James Theater off Broadway, and the company is now in its eleventh season, performing in over 70 cities in the United
States.
Plot of “Mademoiselle Angot” “Mademoiselle Angot” is the
Riggs, Kasap Lead Rassle
Balloting
ed, exactly as written, except for
two lines from the role of Kev. semester.
Banks, played by Jim Yingst. The lip^s were not particularly funny, ^pyway, according to Betsy Jan-
sipg, rehearsal assistant.
Sqme unusual pi-operties ai’e bein^ used, and as a whole the sets
wjll be historically interesting.
the junior sports staff for the pres-
Ag Extension Group Will Begin Four Days Of Meetings First of a four-day series of meetirigs of the annual conference of the Indiana Agriculture Extension Service will convene this afternoon at 1 in Eliza Fowler Hall, with President Ev C. Elliott scheduled to addi'dss the meeting at 1:15. Throughout the rest of the afternoon and evening other talks will be given by Eedben Brigham, assistant dh’ector of the extension for the U. S. Department of Agriculture, and J. C. Bottum of the University agricultural economics department, with a dinner for the Farmers’ Institute wol'kers scheduled for 5:30. Wednesday’s schedule will begin at 8:30 and continue throughout the morning with talks by Dr. Gladys Gallup, U. S. Department of Agriculture, and Guy T. Harris, county agent. Grant County, making up tho program. The afternoon will bb’taken up with sectional discussion meetings to be held in the Uplon. pn Thursday morning, after a talk by Dr. Robert Phillips of the history department, the sectional meetings will continue with the meetings ca,rrying over to the afternoon and evening. 'The conference will conclude on Friday, December 10, with addresses by C. W. Jones, merchandise supervisor of Sears, Roebuck & Co., ahd H. J. Reed, diiector of the agriiiulture extension. '
Warren Wright, a civilian in his fifth term in electrical engineering, joined the staff in July and has bepn serving as a temporary since the beginning of this term. His home
is in Marshfield.
Bill and Paul Garber are identical twins and are now enrolled in the Navy V-12 program. Both the Garbers, who were students here befoi-e entering the Navy, first reported to the sports staff early in September. The Garber twins came to the University from Brooklyn,
N. y.
Firemen Will Begin Training In Rescue Methods Tomorrow Fire service training school will begin tomorrow at 1 p. m. in the Union building for firemen from all over Indiana and will end Wednesday noon. Similar schools have been planned at Notre Dame, Indiana and Evansville College with the cooperation of the Office of Defense Transportation. Object of this training is to acquaint fire department instructors in Indiana with the best methods of rescue. For some time there has been a definite need of such instruction, but before this time no satis-factoi-y book was available. Through this training it is expected that every fire department in Indiana will be reached and trained in the correct methods of
rescue.
Lewis P. East . . . 1928 agricultural graduate of the University, has been appointed general agricultural agent of the Pennsylvania Railroad, effective on December 1. He succeeds his father, the late Russell G. East.
By Jim Wendell
Sigma Delta Chi’s Riveter Rassle, the theme of which is Winter Carnival, has announced the orange colored tickets with the Christmas Cut Rate Pi'ices on them are now being sold at the west desk of the Union and by any SDX member for
the price of 164 4-5 cents.
Votes are beginning to pour in
week end free while penalty days will be in force on Thursday, December 23, and Monday, December 27, for civilian
students.
The faculty meeting was held as a result of an effort by the University administration to
Student Senate will hold its first the vacation period desig-
nated by the Navy authorities in charge of the Navy college training progi’am. Word was received re-
Senate Announces
Vogler To Meetly Callout WHh Seniors p„ 4|| jyjju This Week „ ,,, , , ,
callout of the semester for all fresh-
Meetings to acquaint senior stu- sophomores and service men ^
dents with the purpose of and facil- cently from Chicago that Navy au-
, , . ities afforded by the University Per- The functions of the Senate are
comic story of a darling of the Pans sonnel Service wilPbe conducted this sm-veys of stumarket Les Halles, with the music Vogler director of opinion; they run the Coed
of Lecoeq. Mstislav Dobujinsky, office ' ' ' -
Russian artist, created the setting
and costumes. First shown in 1940, o+i, ^ ^ j ^ ..r. . , ^ °th term civilian students, will Three Virgins and a Devil’ is the tomorrow afternoon at 4 in tale of three maidens, one priggish, Mechanical Engi-
The first meeting, for
Canteen, which was initiated last
6th 7th This J;erm a new survey com-
’ mittee will work in unison with the recently established War Council. The Senate, representing the stu-
thorities would cooperate with University faculty members should they approve an extension of the Christmas holiday by one day. The approval was given without hesi-
tation yesterday.
As a result of the decision, ap-
for the Rassle Queens The Kings greedy and one lustful. On their veering Building. In discussing the dent body to the executive commit- ,proximately 4500 students on the 1 way to. church they meet the devil Voo-Ip,- tees, believes that these surveys will campus will be free to spend Christ-
have sort of been let down as Mike
, , i . proposed meetings, Vogler empha , , ,,,,,, and succumb, but not without a gjggjj tjjg responsibility each stu- settling many of the prob- mas at home, although this number
Kasan onlv leads with 9 673 while . , • , ■ i , sizea the responsibility each stuivasap only leaus wirn v,oio, wniie struggle in which the devil draws ^ , .. .. ,. lems on campus. the Queens are led by Martha Lee „n f 4. possesses to attend, stating
Queens are led by
Riggs with 781,537 counters. Telegrams have been rolling in all week for the Vaughn twins showing that they really get around. These telegrams have been coming from the big towns all over the country. Marion Lively’s name was on one wire
from Miami, Fla.
The standings for the Queen are
upon all his store of temptations. The music for this ballet is Ottor-
ino Respighi’s.
Tchaikowsky’s music is the theme of “Swan Lake,” the story of a prince and his friends, who are hunting near a lake and come upon a ilock of swans. The swans light in a clearing and become maidens
that the University system is recognized by most industrial firms as outstanding and so each student
All the activities of prior terms will be continued. The election committee has the Green Potters’
who dance. The prince falls in love
Martha Riggs first; the ’Vaughn ^jth the Swan Queen, but a sorcer- Friday afternoon at 4 in twins second with 36,000 votes er spirits the maidens away and the Electrical Engieach; Marion Lively third with 23,- prince, heart-broken, falls dead. neering Building, while the meet-
897; Pat Harding next with 16,000; Admission by Passport, Cards
Jean Gibson, 9,806; Carolyn Wilbur, Admission to the convocation will specialized trainees will be held on 7,682; Dusty Rhoades, 6,103; Marge be by passport for students, recre- Saturday afternoon at 2 in the same
Libbert, 3,873; Rosemary Oesch, ation card for service men and sea-
2,116, and Maggy Grotnes, 1,981 son tickets for others. General ad- meetings are specifically for counters. Dick Butsch is second in mission tickets will be sold for $1.10. campus who did not at-
taking interviews is placed in an election coming up, as well as the
advantageous position as regards
securing employment. Second Meeting for V-12’s
The second meeting, for new 7th and 8th tenn Navy V-12 men, will
the King’s race behind Battleship
Kasap.
Get your presses rolling and get your votes in by midnight Wednesday. According to the tickets snowball throwing is going to be in order for the dance. These are not to be thrown at the vote counter, however. YWCA Will Have Coed Open House
Doors will open at 6:45 p. m.
Dean Clare Coolidge Will Explain Purpose To Town Girls Club
will be lessened by students who live too far from the campus to make
the round tup practical.
Union Opens Grij] For Tea Dancing Daily, 4-5:30 P. M. The long awaited and much talked about tea dances sponsored by Student Union opened yesterday afternoon in the Grill, according to Bob Holmes, publicity aqent for the
Union.
Only one difficulty, that of no
their main purpose is to acquaint jj^ Indianapolis will be held on was encounteied. seiwice men and civilians with the " ^dianapolis will^be held on ^^^^ers -spent the afternoon hunt-
choosing of the freshman beauty queen. The University handbook is already under way and such things as the lost and found and the tutor service will be carried on as usual. Technical Institute Winter Registration Will Begin Dec. 15 Registration for the winter term
tend similar ones last semester and ^t the University technical insti
Wednesday, Decembgi 15, to Sat- that dancing could begin urday, December 18, and January at 4 p. m. as scheduled. An import-
3, in the University Center before
personnel system.
In speaking of the purpose of in
dustrial interviews, Vogler said that the start of the term January 4,
they secure post-war oppoi-tunity 1944,
for the service men. He added that institute offers nine-term industrial men thoroughly favor the technical training for institute plan and will give conditional of- credit, leading to a diploma as a
fers for post-war jobs. One com- technical aide. Full program in- admittance on
Town Girls Club will hold the P^oy has gone so far as to make cin(}0s technical chemistry, Indus- fmn cards. Eds and first meeting of this semester on definite offers for the post-war pe- trial design, mechanical practices, have passports.
Thursday at 4 p. m. in the tower riod. ' technical electrical, industrial melt must be emphasized, he said, tallurgy and production supervision, Q ^etiemann
Tea dances will be held Monday through Friday from 4 until 5:30 p. m. Only dates may enter the Grill for dancing. Service men may
ocial recreacoeds must
room of the Union. This is to be
ord of the various students in order that after the war industries
YWCA will hold open house on the organization meeting and the that one purpose of the personnel Technical institute, located at 902 Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 5 purpose of the club will be explained service is to obtain a complete rec- North Meridian street, has sched
in room 356 of the Union Building, by Dean of Women Clare Coolidge. All coeds, YW members, and espe- Plans will be made for entertain-
cially those non-members who are ing service units at Coed Canteens terested in University men could interested in the organization’s ac- and representatives from other ac- have this information with the least tivities, are urged to be present. tivities will be present to explain possible effort and with maximum
According to Ann Hausch, a cab- the various organizations. Town efficiency, inet member of last semester, an girls will be encouraged to tour interesting program has been around and join in the various cam-
planned featuiing a short talk by pus activities.
Dean Clare A. Coolidge, adviser of The club has been in existence for YWCA. Brief descriptions of the almost two years. In social activi-
ties they have participated in coed canteens at their various homes and organized bowling and hockey
committees and activities of this
group will also be gievn.
Chinese Students Serve Native Dishes^ / , * Exotic Concoctions To Home Ec Faculty
By Katy Howes
In an effort to combat the common American fallacy that chop suey is the national dish of China, ten members of the Chinese Students’ Club entertained six members of the Home Econoiyics staff Sunday at the home of Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Mustard and served them real Chinese dishes such as Hied, diced chicken with nuts 'and tomato, green pepper beef. The home economics ex- wrapped in a lettuce leaf and perts. Miss Edith Gamble, Miss picked up and eaten by hand. They Ruby Clark, Miss Margaret weie also requested not to AmeriHirt, Miss Edith Kirkpatrick, ^^eir green tea by adding Miss Amy Bloye and Dr. Gertrude sugar and cream but rather to drink Sunderlin, in stating their impres- as do the Chinese, sions of the dinner agreed that the Other of the Chinese dishes preChinese food was all well prepared, pared by G. B. Wu, president of nicely served, had good variety, and the club, were curry, cauliflower that the hospitality and politenes's mutton, which is a favorite in India, of the students was very impres- sweet and sour pork, one of the give. most popular dishes in wester'n Interested in Customs of Eating China, and tomato, green pepper They were particularly interest- beef which is a favorite among cd in some of the customs used in American Chinese.
Ragains Announces Xmas Rehearsals
J. M. Ragains, director of the University Orchestra, recently announced a special orchestra rehearsal in preparation for the musical 'organization’s annual Christmas program to be presented in the Hall of Music Friday evening, Dec. 17.
Library Shows American Life “Let us be thankful for our hardy
teams. They have also assisted heritage” is the theme of the dis-
AWS and acted as guides at regis-
tration.
Entomology Heads Attend Conference
... of the Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineeiing School was honored at a Chicago convention for engineers for his chairmanship of the educational committee of the National Association of Practical
Refrigerating Engineers.
Prof. Venemann has been writing a series of at tides for their
tomorrow evening in loom 216 of publication, which appeals monththe experiment station on “Genetic ly. He is in chaigc of a question Characteristics of Some Western box which is pait of the publication Soils.” Ice and Refrigeration.
uled the winter term to end March
17, 1944.
T. M. Bushnell
. . . head of the soil survey work for the University agricultural experiment station, will speak at 7:30
Posters By Applied Design Students Appear In Indianapolis War Display
By Margaret Baynes
Appearing this week in the RCA window of 11k Fletcher
play m the University library this week. The exhibit includes four books describing early American arts and implements, how our forefathers made use of the land on which they lived, farm life and the methods of early settlers, and tavern advertising through signs.
Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the en- In addition, on an orange back- Trust Building at Indianapolis are posters designed
tomology department of the Uni- ground, are eleven black and white j • 4. j u <-»/> tt • -j. 1 i i 1 ■
., ^ ... , f .. ... , andpamtedby26Umversitycoedsasanappheddesignproversity, has gone with members of pictuies illustrating various aspects ^ i . . 1 . nTt-. at
The orchestra will rehearse on the his staff. Dr. H. 0. Deay and Dr. of the lives of the first Americans. The posters were made at the lequest ot riailCOS Mill lay
stage in the Music Hall on Sunday George Gould, to Columbus, 0., to Among the sepnes pictured are the of the War Training Office.
afternoon, December 12, at 2:30. attend an entomological conference building of a log cabin, life in a Purpose of the posters, according to Dons PLlgge of the
today through Thursday. Prof, flatboat, the interior of a pioneer applied design department, is
Davis will be discussion leader on cabin, a fortified village, covered , UP ' fb > tvainincr
“Agricultural Entomology in War wagons, threshing grain and plant- ^ IClze e wai ^ g courses which include uulio work,
ing and crushing corn. program at the University; electncity, engineeiing drawing,
Tentative music to be played by the orchestra will include selections from Tschaikowsky’s “Nutcracker ^(nte” and a medley of seasonal music entitled “Spirit of Christ-
mas.”
Time.”
Every week or two a new display women are especially needed rubber and plastic woik, metul-
Dr. J. H. Martin
may be seen in the showcase located on the ground floor of the library
Dr. Joseph Tiffin
... of the division of education '^^xt to the newspaper room,
and applied psychology will be in
head of the University poul- New York Thursday through Sun- Prof. Amy I. Bloye nartment. will take wart in dav to attend a meetino* of the ad- ' •
to take the war training
courses offered, so the posters Schemes
were designed with this in mind. The window display is to be changed three times, so the class worked in committees of eight, each
head of the foods and nutri- on one complete set. Checking to
Color scheme foi the Fust set of posters contains two shades of gieen, yellow and wme; the second set IS composed of gray, wine and light gieen. The thiid set is
reon and
try department, will take part in day to attend a meeting of the adthe National Farm and Home Hour visory board on mechanical and
broadcast over NBC Saturday, De- technical personnel of the U. S. tion department in the home eco- insure the proper color scheme and piuk, bright bluecember 18. The program will be Army. The board advises the ad- nomics school, spoke to the Marion variety, each girl then made a pos- shades of brown, heard in the middle west between jutant general on the use of test- County Red Cross nutrition leaders ter. After the display is completed in 11:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m., and will ing procedures and specific tests for Saturday morning. The topic she The United States Office of Edu- Indianapolis it will be shown in othbe devoted to “Poultry Conseiva- the classification and placement of discussed was “What Is New in Nu- cation in cooperation with the Uni- er cities, such as Ft. Wayne, South tion,” mechanical and technical personnel, trition,” ^ ^4SMAit.idy8ifiMI versity offers the technical training Chicago and Gaiy.wA i
%
K‘H*{
•1 '9rjj^
,! , > I. if ^114 - \ .^"I, ’ 4^ h/.f*.-’ ' Plirdue Expi^eni Tuesday, December f, 1943 *
Purdue Exponent 1 VttSUMTON [ GRIN'AW *5^ff .,ByLi*li^ X t« «.. U i f., oit ~""i'g'*—'•■'*■ A„ *
combined wil'h Purdue Independent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union/ Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Businop'! Mnmfrrr Nen^ Editor Man'imiiff I ditor t'ports Editor--
As-iociaic Editor^ lock Atlrtt (rotir Tom I 1 t i Ac) in 1 1 1 %• ) I
K t II w
SrrMcc StatT M i ri'i li U 1 ul M n 11 I \ N 11
EIIis Murphi Mary Dilti
illiam n Tvaor Carolyn Williui Uiynwnd I bmith KiisscH M Lipcs Publication Staff Editorial hlaff
Kilh M lord Madclyn A
11, Id 'i SlilUfc Jamc I 1 M 111 1 I (. lli}-gs 1 1 li J Lo I nodnian J til n B( I) B il Cl
Business Staff Adycrtisins ManaRcr C T (. ninl \6Bislnnt AdvcrtdinE Manager B Us Manoy Circulation Maingcr 1! 0 Snuerraan
■\l lit rdiloi Hr Titv I oil r 1 ord
llcpoitc
Staff For This Issue
a Hav t dilor Steffe
Sports 1 ditor Ackoimai Is lie I d Inr Rippcloo
( 1 Ik J. I th Sli L t 1 Bi d V11 C I S 11 ( t ( nl 1 Kist ici 1 1. I i M 11 \ I J 1 C 1 E II btaff lliotognplur M C Tollier
Entered ns see n 1 c ass mitlcr at the post ofTica in Lafay ette int lai a ind r the ict of Congrebs of March 3 1879 and at the s] ci 1 i ii i f i st u e provided for in sectioi 1103 act to r I Ifll iiiU ori/cd January 20 1922 r ibhsh d n 1 k=i fhi r da\ and faitiirday mornings dur ing the 1 t) t ( mil ncalio ] Ii ds Delivered daily^ hi can r i 1 fo'- i s ni trr 1 s mail for ?1 60 for emit SI M n iinIc It lined at the Exponent olTu or t th \1 t Do 1 1 (h Uiioi Rsi r It i f I it m uKciti in^ hy Natiqnal Advertis ing bci\ t 1 c t II sc I iblibhois Eepresentatives, 42ti Madiaon Avl Nsw lork N Y
On Scuttling Butts . . . 2\]thoDch M( sUt somrtimes haid-picssccl foi iPcilci a! tii (ill this column iv^e can as a Ln^i leso’t Malk i loss th'’ tainiuis and invaiiably Mc V ill find some thine Tocir'i Mc lound somethin!’ else to open an old ivound Each \e 11 usually seveial times duimc, the itai, tiicie ynl appeal in this colomn a complaint about student thoughtlesslies-, 111 letfai (1 to one thing oi anothei Sometimes it IS about \ alkmg on the glass, occasionalh one ol us w dl object to \ ulgar pictuies diawnontht v\a]l and desks ol classiooms One thmy fhat^as not lated an> comments lateh IS the accumilatiO i ot cigaiette stubs aioimd cam] us buddings and along the cam-pu-b Wclks ^^c know that it is quite natiual for an v one to th ow a cigaiette butt away and not 1 0111 fbout it hitting any paiticulai contamei Attci all cigaictte butts will usually dismtcgiatc in a ho)t time and no one can iiossiblc ])io\e c ho Ihiew a cigaiette butt y li( iC it IS lound Jnit a -,1)1 wnt, I hat the idea oi putting cig,ticlie bulls m (ontc'md at the entiance to tne buddings is not a new idea and that most il not all oi lli( iKople on the campus know wh\ tlieiustk gia\ buckets aie placed by the doois ol most campus buddings, we wondei just a httk about ihc jiiotusion ol cigaiette bidO along ibc walk and aiouncl the doois Fuithci than the butts which onij' iiiita'tc us a little 1 something wInch makes us quite align and that is Ihf pioiusion ot empty cigaicttf packages which au sticwn along the waits on tin c ai lous parts oi the campus The hahiLual to sini' oJ cigaiette butts hdhf 1 ll iilici aiict con is oi coLiise thoughtlessiie*- ot a ininoi oidci but tin owing waste papei on flic campu is not quite the thing loi aii> local itudciic to do It seems lo us that this ,oi t ol (chtoiial is laihci childnl) aiid ect thru is dehnite piob1cm and appaic nllv a shoi t scolding is the only w ic <0 combat it III ioinni dies ihcic \ c ic men who went /Uoui d jiickiiig up <ittci caidcss students lust as then motlieis jiicked up attei these student’- befoic thcc came accac to school But the usual shoitaec ol man powci is pievalent m (c Cl diiiaitnunl o( the Umveisity, and tin ^ludciit must take iiail in the caie ot the cainiiLi to a much „i (atei dcgiec than they did ioi nn i h 21 b( autil ui t, mini m oiu ol the things that make me n <uid w oiiic n 11 mcmbei then undeigiaduatc (lacs and then Alma Matei with pl(asiu( aiidlocaltc Let us endeaeoi to keep oin caiajju clean loi oui own mteicst as cvell as loi 1hc iiitcicst ot the Uniccinty’s mamtenanc' dcpai tnu nt Who Teaches Us? . . . \Vc would Id ( to wi it( a lew opinions down licic at i' c bottom ol the page m legaid to tilk s ,ui(| lcib( 1 ru- th( c aic used heie on the can pm tin ti1i( and labels we hace in mind ai( tho^c apirin d to jicople V ( u( w(Hideling about the difleienec betw( n(i<Jeii( woi kem and mstuietois Ol the (JifidfiKc Ikcwcch a sj^cialtc cxpeit and a pi oh ssoi '■ Because ol the wai manj men echo weie ndhmg but ]noi(’^^ois two yeais ago aie now technical adc i (m to seceial companies, and technical assistants on this jn oje et and on that and an occasional behiacal witness Im some companj m a lave suit in addition to being piofeb^bOr. What we leallj wani to know is aie wc bc-
k i J ^ ^ ^ t* U $ P.l oil. MERRY-dO-RiM
• y «REllr ^I^EARSOM
Sen. GilieHe Turns Down Chance For IDeitiocratic Candidacy Again; Stalin Makes Significant Gesture WASHINGTON—Demociatic leadeis aic tiyiHR to keep it quiet, but Lheie was a hot blow up ovei Ihe 1944 c£uupai(>n at a piivate Administration luncheon on the Senate side of the Capitol the othei day The piincipals weie Demociatic National Chauman Flank Walkei, Food Administiatoi Marvin Jones and Senatoi Guy,Gillette of Iowa, whom the President
attempted to purge in 1938
Gillette shovyed up late foi the luncheon and was promptly challenged by Walker and Jones “Whats this I hear about you not lunning lor icelection lo the Senate in 1 )44 asked Walker “That’s light ’ leplied Gillette “I’ve announced that I wouldn’t run again for the Senate, and I in-
tend to stick by it ’
“But how about your party’” countered Walker “Wc need men of your ealibei to hold up the State tickets 111 1944 Othei wise, we’re going to have a very
tough time ”
“I’ve been waiting a long time for someone to say that,” replied Gillette “Yon gentlemen didn’t seem to think that I belonged to the Democratic party in 1938, when rommy Corcoran and other members of the White House guard wore trying to defeat me in the Iowa senatoilal primary” ‘How about in 1932 countered Walker “Listen, Frank don’t ti v to kid me about that cam paign ” icspoiided Gillette “I admit I rode in on the Piesrdent’b coattails like a lot of othei s ’ ‘And you still don t agree that you owe something lo the party’ ’ shot back Walker ‘Owe something to the paity that tried to kick me out ol office’ ’ replied Gillette angrily “I guess not' Far from it Frank, and you can tell the President it J on want to, that 1 will not run for re-election IS Senatoi from Iowa on the Democratic ticket under any eiicumstances With that the Iowa anti Now Dealer turned on Ins heel and walked out However, one thing Gillette still has to make ele ii to Capitol Hill observers is whether he will run for the Democratic Presidential nomma tion in 1941, should Roosevelt eschew a fourth term nomination Former Democratic National Chairman Inn I alley has suggested that Gillette thiow his hat
m tire ring
^Toyafist^' Veterans In U. S. Army Some time ago this column revealed the manner in wl.ieh Ameiiean jouhgsteis who had fought for the Spanish Loyalists during the civil war of 1936-39 w ere being kicked around inside the U S \imy They weie flunked out of officer candidate schools even w hen they stood near the top of their class, and many weie letiised combat dutv Since then, thanks to liberal Assistant Secretary of Wai Jack IVfcCloy, this situation has changed Spanish Loyalist yeteians hare been given a chance to get into combat They have more than justified this reversal of disenmination Here is the record ot a few ot them Seigeant \nthonv I oney of Gloversville, N Y , re tcived the Distinguished I lying Cross for an operations in the Pacific, Sergeant Jeriy Weinberg of BiooKhn was cited toi tlic DI C loi participating in the Ploesti air laid in which he was forced down, Seigeant Robeit Jhompson of Long Island N Y, received the Dismguished Service Cioss foi heroism in the South Pacific, Captain Herman Bottcher won the DSC and Purple Heart and is reputed to be one of the greatest jungle tighteis of the war Also Lieutenants Irving Golf of New Yo>-k City and V Lossow ski of Kochestei, N Y , are teaching Italians guerilla warfare as they learned it in Spain Staliri Drinks To Victory At the giaiul finale Moscow dinnci which Josef Stihii „ave foi Cordell Hull and Anthony Eden a iigfiiticant event took place those present inter jHctcd it as meaning that Stalin would stick with the Allies through thick and thin During the dinner, there was the usual round of toasts—about twenty in all—lasting until around 2 a m When it came to the toast ol Major General John R Deane Secrctaiy Hull s chief adviser on mill I try matteis he raised his glass and said I drink to the day when the British American and Russian armies meet in the streets ol Bcilin ” Pandemonium broke loose Everyone cheered But the Russiuib chceied loudest During the hubbub Stalin suddenly lett his place at the head of the tabic walked thirty teet to where General Deane was standing and clinked his glass It was the toast which Stalin seemed to enjoy
most
(Cojiylight, 1913 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
iiig taught by a piolessoi who is busy being a technical expert in Chicago, oi aie we being taught by techniexpeits who aie substituting a’ teacheis*'’ Eithei way the students aie losing out Students aie put up against both pioblems One day in class they aie lectured “at” by an expel t He uses technical teims, talks fast, alv'ays tiom a pie^paied sheet, and seldom can answ ei a question The next day the i egulai ly assigned instiuctoi comes back liom the last technical advising tup, and most of the time he can’t answ ei the questions the substituting instiuctoi didn’t ansvvei and contusion leigns sLipieme toi a lew days Ol pel haps when one teachei goes away on an advisoiv tup the students come to history class^nd find an economics teachei waiting to peddle his lavoiite lumoi He doesn’t quite know what to say in the histoiy line and does not say much about econ because he knows the stiuk nts don t w ant him to Ol com sc we ically don’t mind having an occasional technical something — something as a guest lectin ei and we don’t mind having oiu insiiLictois tiaveling acioss coiintiy to do some technical advising, but we still leel that we aie entitled to know which is which.
OJPO ChlcflroTmc<« Inc
Pmf. Dan DmUyi Imads Varied Lifi^ \ " I Coed Tells Of Foresters Part In War Work; Oescribes ilses ^ Wood fn %placmg Stecfl
By iRwth Gregory
Professor Daniel DenUyl of the Forestry and Conserv^^ition Department of the University leads one of the most Vai:1e^*but
least ta'lked about lives on campus.
Forestry as $, career was not a suflden (Jecisidn for Profess<|r DenUyl when he entered Michigan State. The choice of a career wae influenced by generations of ancestors engaged in the
art gf wood carving. Profegso^ Dentjyl has devoted tnany years to the study of the proc-
Personliel Notes
Okla —Decembei 9 Interested EE, CE, ChE, ME, chemists
(B S, MS, PhD )
Carnegie-Hbnois Steel Corii, Chicago, 111 —Tuesday, December 7 In
teiested m Met, P S E , M E , E E , ^ thousand uses foi
and C E
“I leally didn’t want all this stuff—but if I didn’t buy it someone else would—and then I wouldn’t bd able to get Jt ”
Zenith Radio Corp , Chicago, 111 —Fiiday, Decembei 10 Interested
m E E
Corr
Algo, 111
teiested in diaft exempt men, and women with B S , M S , oi Ph D m Chemibtiy oi Chemical Engineei-
mg
Tues(day, December 7 Agi Amuial Ext Confeience Dec 7 11
Inteiested Chemistiy,
EE, ME,
Physicists, 4-F
12 00 noon 4 00 P M 4 00 PM 6 15 PM 6 30 PM 7 30 P M 9 00 A M 0 50 PM 7 00 P M 7 00 PM 1 00 P M 4 00 P M 4 00 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 P M 8 00 P M 1 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 P M 8 50 PM 7 30 P M
Flit Seivicc Tiainmg Alumnae Affaiis Committee Gal Scout Intel views Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting Alpha Kappa Lambda Meeting Glidei Club Meeting
Room 262, Uiaion Room 212, Union Room 263, Union Towel Room, Union Room 212, Union Room 355, Union
Wednesday, December 8 Puc Seivicc Training Room 261, Union Film (ROTC) Battle of Russia Room 211, Coultei Hall Maniage Couise Towei Room, Union Nav:y Giaduation Hall of Music Thursday, December 9 Film (ROTC) Battle of Russia Room 211 Coultei Hall Committee on State of Umveisity Room 263, Union
“Town Gals
Plavshop Pioduttion C onvocation—Ballet ’riieatic Socitlv of Piofessional Engineeis Friday, December Film (ROIC) Battle of Russia Seivice Show (seivict men only)
W a Savings PIA Dance
PI IV shop Pioduction
Sign in Peisonnel Office by Fiiday,
Decembei 10
Cainei Corporation, Syiacuse, N Y —Tuesday, December 14 In-
teiested m ME
Faabanks, Morse & Co, Beloit, Wis—Fiiday, Decembei 17 Inteiested in ME and EE
Towel Room, Union Eliza Fowlei Hall
Hall of Music
Room 263, Union 10 < Room 211, Coultei Hall
Hall of Music
Room 212 Union E & W Faculty Lounges, Union Eliza Powlei Hall
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie inteiested in students foi
employment
Ken Rad Tube & Lamp Corp , j^^gstic fields, die tiemendous. Prof
Saturday, December 11 Sigma Delta Chi Noith Ballioom Union Plaj-shop Pioduction Eliza Powlci Hall
Owensboio, Ky-—Inteiested in M E , and E E Sign by Decembei 10 Socony-Vacuum Oil Co, Pauls boio, N J—Inteiested m BS oi M S Ch E Sign m Peisonnel Office
by Fiiday, Dec 10
Shervvin Williams Co, Chicago, 111-Lintciestcd m BS ChE Sign m Peisonnel Office by Piulaj, De-
'’Lnbei 10
WBAA Schedule
It) ) 11 0011 JO-
rucsdiiy Wednesd li -Newh—News bmiJe limi Smile rim< -Moi ninj., M itin c M jii ii l M U i cc -Ml SIC—Music turd o Nt\s T udiu N ws News News I* irm Foium Faim I oruni Meet th B nd M<ctLh Hi 1 -Ntwfa New Horn M ik rb Clul) f the Au Home Mikcis Clul I lli Au Music Mu 1C Adventures ii Rcse ireh — Puenls
I orum
Mill ts M ik(t News New Stoi y a I) i\ fct i y i D ly Muhie 1m sin V St I ii i I - rio'isuro Chest M i le Musie M i K News Nets -Altcincon Mel i lie 1 ec nl llci
Piiuo
Ih V le 1 11 Ui 1 u o ul I St We 1 li et M le il Vuieti s Ml lea! ^ melie
Ne
N
— Tea lime lunes lei Tune limes Jist Relax Just Reli\ Newb —Nev\ s -little Mis Ml fr It I iltl Mtbs Mullett -Musie —Phis Is lidiini Ve peis Ve i r -Musie Spe i Is Rl\ itw M n lie 1 Pi i\ej M u it e f I lay i Iho Dmnei Houi llu Dinn i Houi N ws—News Cline e Stones Cl inese Stones South Ame Men Wa> i Ian fji 1 eaec Between (h II adhi es Music MIu Mu e JDi im iti/ d N ws Di im iti/ed News Av u i Mitelul 1 laiust Th 1 ook man il I u 1 f Business I { Mem
8 News N ws U) Musie in i Mu icana J 0 Phe Re id t> le ii —Anything But SwmL ) News News 11 ( Oir THL AIR—on IIO AIR Health Service Reports On Monday Novembei 29 Jamc.^ McCioiy a jumoi m agiicultuie, uid Maigaiet Siglci, a sopliomoie m home economics wcic dischugcd liom St Eli/ah«th hospital The same day Gayle Cole sopho moie in science enteied St Eh/aheth lo! a suigical opeiatioii Ihe Jollowing AST’s cnteicd Home hos pital Pfe Eail Bedei Pfe Robeit Blown Pic Sheiman Kelley, Pvt Hailand Snow Pvt John Watson, Pvt El nest Weinei and Pfe Rob cit White
IRC Will Discuss "Brifish Interests'
Pi of Piank Hall of the hiStoiy, economics and government depaitment will lead a discussion of the
Attention Men in ASTP, Teims topic “Biitish Inteiests m Africa” 5 and 6), NCTP (l«rms'7 and 8) at the next meeting of the Interna-Carnegic-Ilhnoib Steel Corpora- tional Relations Club, which will be
tion, Chicago, 111—Inteiested Met PSE, ME, EE, and CE seivicc men Sign in Peisonnel Of ficc by 3 p m Monday, Decembei 6
held m the lounge of the Univcisity Chuich at 7 30 p m today
Of inteiest to students who attended the giipe convo Ohio State Umveisity gi anted a one-day
Pvt William Blown 1/5 James Thanksgiving vacation to civilian Casby, Pvt Eveiett Jackson, Pvt students, but none to the boys in Chailes Lewis and Pvt John Wil- the mihtaiy progiam And the 0 helm also enteied Home hospital S U no cut lule v\as enfoiced on Monday Wednesday and Piiday, with a pen-
alty of thicc hocus added to giad-
Buy War Bonds And Stamps uation icquiiements
I 1C
cl Ul 1 11 tllL 1 1
t
Box Mu u
LUUA TODAY and TOMORROW
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR ADULT DANCING CLASSES BEGINNER'S WED., DEC. 8th ADVANCED THURS., DEC. 9th 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES PRECEDE OUR BALLROOM CLASSES
ALLEN'S — 6t’h and Ferry Sts.
Pilii^fljljti filliiili O'lIfEFE HAVOC
/LRO
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
BILLY THE KID — m — "CATTLE STAMPEDE' — and — BASIL RATHBbNE — in — 'SHERLOCK HOLMES' "SECRET WEAPON" — ALSO — “THE BATMAN" SERIAL — PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
'tiC L A Ir ^
' p.mm > JILi DEKKER
A REPUBLIC PICTURE
TODAY AND WED.
MARS
r E OF THE GREATEST HITS OF ALLTIMESJ
'TOR niHom <
THi BElt TOUS^ ^ PARAMOUNT’S TECHNICOLOR TRIUMPH Jt
TODAY and TOMORROW jT
LARMSTtt
-ADMlSSIONS-
MATINEE (ojfcopt Sunday)
All Seats
U S Armed Forces In Uniform
EVENING
M(iin Floor
Balcony
U S Armed Forces in Uniform TJe FEATURES 1 13-3 55-6 37-9 19
$1 10
7Sc
Companies scheduled to Visit the of wood products, t^e campus: harvesting of forests, and tne
The Carter Oil Company, Tulsa, planting of trees.
Few people realize what an impoitant pait forestiy plays not only in waitime but also in the do^ mestic needs of the nation. There aie foul to five thousand uses foi
steel Since the wai, the need to replace wood foi steel has risen to a staggeiing height Forest pioducts
„ „ , _ „ ^ must leplace five million tons of
Corn Products Refining Compaq,
Friday, December 10 In- r,reproof Wood Introduced
One of the most encouraging developments in the piocessmg field is the intioduction of fireproof
^ , rr , . /M , / wood Fiiepioof wood is used in
Eastman Kodak Co Rochester 4 ^
NY-Date of visit to he announced constiucted by the Navy
Men skilled m forest research
, , , must dip into all aspects of foiest
men, and women m business admin- „ . ^ iu i j-
^ ... , conseiVation fiom the planting of
istiation, accounting statistics, and . /.u i. \ ,11.1.
’ , , , . the tiees to the distribution of the
women with secictarial tiainmg
f 9 I
Older to insure future Pi of DenUyl must not
neglect m his reseaich the smaller hut important demands of the faimei and of industry He aids the farmer in woods management and harvesting of wood, he must also act as an agent of industry in coping with labor pioblems involved m
getting timber to industiy Constant Supply Expected
Although the demands for timber foi “fuim construction, as well as in countless industrial and do-
DenUyl is confident that with careful planting and harvesting of the foiest Cl op the supply will be constant and undimmishedI' 1'^
Ki
f.
I:«
m. k <5
m
WSM
I ^
[i^' ■•>.
•C,'
N'"
t .<
Xrmy^ .Nmiy^ Marine News
Itues^^^ ff^c^jn^b^r W, 1943
For ^ Men
t^i/JndtiegKationJiiitp 4ihe 4'Xray Air Eorcps ,of iwany attactoe<J 43^8,and ..ae;:,vices is expecjted to take pii^cei shortly following alreegnt iissue lOf a .directive .by the Secretary of War authorizing ithe ehange, fthe AAP Eastern Technical Training Com;jfii|ahd’s'To'Ely iflg reports. ; f; jVlhbng units which rnay he incorporated into the Air Forces are attached, .finance, .niediqal, m'" .u prdnanpe, d^m,, engineers, ad- diers, the Keesler Pieia News rejutaht general, inspector gen- , B&tsten9l,,tiana{iMtationand Etohower c.™? lino- • i3^ ^ • ' • ’ ' tjrpes, presses^ .paper and newsmen gwdge ^advocaAe^brandhes. i^to sidiy. with him, and the first ^Thestep is hailed by €reneral editions were being handed out in Arnold, commander of Che AAP, as a week after Palermo fell, k ^'inosj; irhport^nt rhilestone” in Army pape.rs are .printed under thkt it .helps :burld a “more com- all kinks of bunn^ heaks abroak. pletely integrated, more efficiently Alaska has its Midnight ,Sun and functioning, harder. hitting team." Podj^k Besar (w’hich ran a photo The paper klso quotes a Miami of the aninaal of the same name civilian paper as considering the or- once under the h^adingn-rrthe only der “the .first tangible s,tep towards animal in the world that’s named c^qatiqn of the Army Air Forces after a newspaper), Iceland has its as ja separate branch of service.” White Falcon and Australia its Marines Becqme Jap Interpreters Bleat. . Marines are hecoming .Japanese Another pleasant GI custom has aopib.at Interpreters -.after a course gone by the boards. Time was when of .'only 9.0 kays at the-.Camp Elliott enlisted men ordered to attend speLknguage School, tlie .Marine Corps ^ial schools were , automatically .Clhevrqn reports. raised in grade to Pfc, and even The task formerly was regarded coi;por,al. That time is no more, acas taking-anywhere from two to-six cording to War Department, Circu^efirs. lar 291, quoted in the Gamp McCoy The interpreters are used to ques-r Real McCoy, tion Jap prisoners and to translate Dramatizes Orientation ioaptured documents. Orientation programs, often The school takes men ..directly among the most interesting phases ifrom boot camp and in 90 days of work at any army post, have teaches them sufficient conversa- taken .on a new luster at Camp jtional Japanese, to fulfill require- Beale, Cal., the Bealiner there rejnents of lower echelons. ports. Requirements are a GCT score of A division special office, taking 110 and graduation from high over the job, gets up a dramatic school. ' script to illustrate the material beiVarners Will Make Movie i^g presented, and the whole is ofAnother piece of recognition /is fered along the lines of the “Living to be bestowed on the hard working Newspaper” series of productions infantryman very shortly. Accord- ^ years, ago—narrators, ing to the Camp Chaffee Armodler, flashes to action on a stage and off Warner Bi;others, which has so far stage voices. showered its glamour on the Air The Bealiner quotes ,as a typical Forces and on the Army as a whole, reaction : “Any guy that falls asleep is doing one called “Ground Forces,” at this thing is nuts.” with the foot .soldier coming into his Many Enter Ideas in Campaign kwn. The “Think to Win” campaign of Camp Newspaper Goes with Army the Sixth Service Command was so You’re a.pt to find a camp news- well publicized in' the Chicago pajpaper practically anywhere In the pei’s that no description is neces.world that you’ll find American sol- sary here. Results are interesting.
ho.wever. The judges are still plowing through the -entries, but do ahnouncethat fully 16O;OG.0 ideas have been submitted. Gamp Crant^s - Sen-
I -' ' I III" '• yBy “Towser”, the Pup Last week I told you the story of my arrival at the University—how I, just a poor little part-cocker-spaniel part-some-thing-else dog, became a campus canine and one of the'^perma.-
CONSPICUOUS SNAFU nent residents of these intellectual kennels. As I Warned you Tbe CI who walks along the campus these chill days whistling “I’m ^ events is bound to be a little dif-
ASt Potter
By T/6 MorrisiBetter
Ureaming of a White Xmas” is more .apt to be thinking of the'periodic
tinel proudly reports that fully-' skin Ijst and how nicajit would be tp keep his own record spotlessly white, 48)600 ideas were -turneddn thene. -tUpn he is of snow. Altho he,may not be able to get -away for a visit with
his fanaily this abbreviated Xmas holiday, he prefers, as a ipatter of
;f principle, that no demerit list should restriqt him for that particular
.week end. However, with the “honor roll” listings growing increasingly larger, the threat hangs high and perilously like the Sword of Damocles. By and large, hpweyer, .the dogfaces are taking their demerits ps well as the demerit system with philosophic calm. They realii2je perhaps that the systerh, like nothing else since the draft itself, is truly democratic. It is no respecter of qge, race, status or previous, education. It swaths a path thru them all and succeeds in getting a pretty good cross-section. Moreover,, the.psyeholpgical .approach employed in at lea.st one company ^Figures released^by -the presi- is serving^to-sugar coat >the pill,
kn.ht’s office have revpailed thftt the The mpinos in this comE/any refer to demerits for-infractions of awards, total number of students enrolled in Hesre, -the, choice of a word .makes the jdifEerence between jocvilar. and posclasses on the University campus sible restentful acceptance. Another memo, frixample, listing the latest this semester, including both oiv- ^^awards”, -explained that men who’d received less than five demerits ilian and war-time training stu- would not be -restricited for'Ithe week end unless -they got five before the dents, is 6804. week was over. sOne-oan see right off that it would be unfair to those who (M this number 27B0 are civilians, already had five -or more, to have a group of amateurs with only two or
Notice Seryice men, have you a Christmas package to send home? The Activities. Bureau will help you with shopping, wrapping or mailing your presents-home. Drop in at room 356 of the Union or call Activities Bureau office between 4 and 5 p. m. Twenty-Eight Teams
ferejit than your own. Tfike my first experience
with Field No. 1, for instance. That’s the broad, grassy (in spots) expanse of ground just this side of the Fieldhouse. It was just the second morning of my stay on campus, when I wandered lazily over there, thinking to bask quietly in the warm morning sun-
light.
So my first view came as a distinct shock. A large number of fellows were out on the field, running around in their underwear. They seemed full of energy, except for the few stretched in deathlike posture on the ground, doing a lit-
tle basking of their own.
The ma-
The second session of the ASTP jority were capering around, some
1348'are enrolled?ih the ASTP 1251 three measly demerits, come horning in ort the restriction end of the deal. Bowling League takes place tonight wrestling, some throwing a ball
are in the navy, 800 are navy elec- Besides, it gives the amateurs a goal—something to work for
tricians mate-trainees, 198 are ad-
vanced ROTC students, 266' are en- CONSPICUOUS THEATRE „ gineering cadettes, 150 are navy again the Army, and this time particularly its Air Force, has ig t ans-tructors and jn.ade another'major contribution to American theater. “Winged Vic-
at the Union alleys, starting at 5. back and forth, one or two trying Ele^ven lines will be bowled, and to stand on their hands, and a .few rooters from all the companies are tearing furiously around chasing invited down to cheer the boys on. each other. This looked like-fun, Twenty-eight teams have signed so I set out at the proverbial dog-
up for the race, and the committees trot to join them.
bis, as elaborate, as.sb„„ and as successM as anything the Air .Force the "cMulf,tdTrt'
n-eeks in adyance. The week following, every major newspaper and ehimpionsrhigh scorer and possibiy 3 drifted’''''’ magazine had publicized its success in superlatives. The show employs a - . ... , . “““
present enrollment reveals that 224 are in agriculture (including for-
and sad.
wearily into a ragged
even best set of five and best game, crowd. It was about that time that The latter committee, it might be j noticed “the fellow in the cap” noted, is thinking in terms-of hard j^^d come out. He was full of eh--
cash' or some other similar honor-
ees -and 42 are South American ).gj.y,» jg ^ successful new play by, about and with the USAAF. It’s as
flight trainees. These figures are
froin^the registration as of -Novem- ha';’.eyer undertaken^^On the eve of Rs opening, it was sold out seven
Enrollment in Scl^iools Revealed
A complete breakdown of the 17 scenes mounted on five revolving stages and has a cast of 300 Cl’s—
and not all staff sergeants, either. Unlike “This Is the Army” this is
not a case of soldiers giving a show but soldiers being soidiers, showing _ enthusiasm but it didn’t
estry), 269 in chemical engineering, tvhat they go thru to become airmen. With Its successful launching and eigy ana entnusiasm, out it aian r 44 in metallurgical, engineering, anticipated long run, the Army Emergency Relief Fund will be further competition is scheduled tCwTvpS^hannV 232 in civil engineering and 447 in increased because gTOss where the proceeds go. Tuesda^. and .Thursday something. I felt sorry for
electrical engineering. Mechanical ^ , evening, on a two team game basis, them engineering, 680; aeronautical en- CONSPICUOUS SEIWICE ‘b Play opened last Thursday even- x, - x x .
gineering, 62; public service engi- Readable and -quotable YANK provides some recent WD Matistics ing with Company A’s Bees meet- Anen 1 began to catch on to what neering, 18; ^gineering law, 1; which tell in a cold, unemotional way just how large a contribution the ing Company B’s Sad Sacks; C’s ^^sfiappehing The old tellowmth
engineers unclassified, Negr-o ten percent of our population is making in winning this war. Of Maple Splitters met D’s Dewey Do- P’ trousers and a tight
doB, and E’s Guttersnipes facing the
freshman
1469; sophomores unclassified, 13; the virtually 600,000 Negroes in the Army, 25 percent of them are overpharmacy, 80; science, 570; home seas. A further breakdown of these figures reveal 57,000 in the iiifantry; F Barnyard Bums, economics, 638; physical education, 58,000 in the artillery; 10,000 in cavalry and 92,000 in engineers. The The league is functioning under 46; trades and industrial engineer- other arms and services absorb about 360,000. These figures include the direction of Capt. Samuel Nai-
had evidently lost some-
thing, and was making those poor
fellows look foir it.
First he lined them up in some-
ing, 6; graduate students, 298; spe- WA'CS, nurses and commissioned officers of which there are about 4,500. smith. Cpl. Donald S. Woodbourn thing resembling rows, so they
cialized army, 31; reserve army, 67;
personnel and psychology army, 113 qdDS ’N’ ENDS
and basic navy, 244.
committee.
FOR A QUICK, DELICIOUS LUNCH OR DINNER TRY
CAFETERIA
IN THE PURDUE UNION
CATCH UP ON YOUR VITAMINS BY CHbOSlNG WELLBALANCED Mt ALS INCLUDING FRUITS AND FRESH VEGETABLES.
TlfUmiTimL WimL The Corner of the CampuS’— Yet the Center of Activities
At University of North Dakota, engineering ASTUdents are putting
The current -term, which started gut a monthly engineering publication of their own. ... At Cornell, lanon November 8, wilU continue g-^age men are publishing an all-German newspaper called “Ruhrt Euch”. through February 26. Registration 'English translation: “At Ease”. . . . If you have classes in antiquated for the next term is scheduled for purdue Hall and have wondered about the wash basins in the class rooms, March 3 and 4. All freshmen and might like to know that the building was a men’s dorm in its day. new students will be expected to re^ George Ade and Booth Tarkington lived there. . . . The average port March 1. gI gets 14 pieces of mail each week including^packages and newspapers. This is five tihies as much as- last year. . . . The most overused, abused bowling alleys the Gimlets, honorand least understood word of the war—morale. ... A few legitimate ary men’s club, defeated the girls
is secretary, Pfc. J. A. Kramer would cover more territory. Then: chairman of the rules and regula- showed them just how he wanttions committee, and Pvt. "William thing looked for a,nd with a Wellborn chairman of the schedule hollers put them to work. They
Gimipts, Reamers
Win Bowling Matches
Sunday afternoon on the Union
Buy War Bonds
gripes have trickled in. If we get more, we’ll air them soon.
from the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
would all straighten up together, lean way back to get set, then bend way oyer to look around-on the ground' for it. It seemed to me that it would have been much easier for them to get on their hands and
knees to do this.
He must have thought about this too, as he gave them a new idea for
SfRWCf «£«- CAKRY TRAVHERS CHEQUES No-matter what branch of the service ,you are headed for, you will find AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES the best way to carry your -travel money. They are not only spendable everywhere, but they have an important safety feature that protects you. It is this: ,if they are lost or stolen, you ge!t a prompt refund. Issued in denominations pf $10, $20, $50 and $-100. Cost 75^ for each $100. Minimum cost 40;! for $10 to $50. For sale at banks and Railway Express Offices. MebicanIxpbe$$' TRAVELERS CHEQUES
Notice Today is December 7, Pearl Harbor Day, and the day of infamy. We remember it now and will always remember it, but at the moment only actions count; words are superfluous. . ,
rority 2 to 0 in a bowling fest. The searching. This time they all go|;
Reamers, another honorary men’s club, beat the Pi Phi sorority 2 to 1. The week before the Kappas had beaten the Reamers. Buy War Bonds
teRlY CHRISTMAS
Holiday shirts, sweaters, Hickok belts. Interwoven hose and pajamas for father, brother or "that certain man/'
down flat, after which he had them straighten their arms Put, with the obvious disadvantage of putting them too high to see the ground well. Then they bent their elbows till chili, eyes and nose were down to the ground. (Some just bent
their stomachs instead.)
Finally somebody must have found the bone. Because, just like ' we dogs do when one of us gets a bone and goes tearing away with it, the whole bunch suddenly took off and began racing around the field. They went galloping along the very edge, as far as they could, and they jumped over some hurdles and little fences, too. They must have been having a swell tinie. Then, I suppose, they . brought the bone back to the master, because everybody came running to him, and they all got in a long line,, pushing and shoving. Each one, when he ^ got up to the naaster, stopped and gave him the bone (or something), and then went racing for the big house across the
street.
So I had to see what was there, and raced too. But when I got there I didn’t get in.
American's Day Starts with Breakfast American crystal never asks the time of day; You can set it out for breakfast, again for lunch; dinner, and all other times when food or drink is in order.’Its sparkle glorifies any setting. Is sturdily made to endure hard usage; We invite you to see our large assortment pf Fostoria’s American and other patterns.
unAer’arm • Cream PeofJoronf Steps Persplratioii
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used tight after siiaving. 3> Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents, odor. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5a Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Liundet- , ing for being harmless to ^ fabric.
Doumslairs Store0
,1^1
Purdue Exponent
'*j^|
TuesSay, December 7, 1943'
W^erines, Wildcats, Riveters Two All-Riveter Quintets Win Games Cage Team To Meet Greencastle
Pre-Hight Here Saturday
, By Jim Ackerman
' "Ift less than a month the Big Ten v^ft'get under way with the annual fa^k^etball race to see which school cji^.come close to the records set by la^t year’s Illinois team of the Whiz
Notices
It was with a great deal of pride bastian, Grubbe and Linskoog, that Ward Lambert, head basket- while the Gimlets put Barwegen, ball coach at the University, pre- Lipes, McMillen, Butsch, Miller and sented this year’s edition of the Vermilion on as the opposition. The Boilermaker hardwood squad at the game opened up with Barwegen Reamer sponsored intrasquad com- taking the ball downfield behind petition, held last Saturday night in two-man interference. An attempt
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Delta Tau Delta: All Delta in the armed the Fieldhouse. Well over 600 per- at the basket failed and so the Gim- New Junior Sports Editors
to diop over at the house or call B021 in sons attended the show in which two lets produced two more basketballs, Congratulations to the latest ad'
K^s. The three schools with the The‘tuTo"r %aT BoTiln attended the show in which two lets produced two more basketballs, Congratulations to the latest ad-
V^2s, nainel^ Michigan, North- uea:^f«ture so a Kct-togetimr par^y can intrasquad tussles and the annual subscribing to the theory that the ditions to the junior sports staff. In their first games the mwTp Russel Wendland wk^rn and Purdue, are blessed ^ ^^hersTl^^^orr m ! Reamer-Gimlet football, basketball u,ore balls wlfich were on the field Bill and Paul Garber and-Warren Navv has averaged 48 BOints a Wendland,
^ t. wish to usher for the Dec. 9, 10 or and wrestling match were played. In the easier it would be to score. Sev- Wright. They will join Jim Acker- average pom S a
wgptry, but the other schools in the Fowled Hafftm representing e^ai balls were produced as the bat- man in helping to bring as good a wealth ot fresh- short. -steffes the navy and marine transferee’s tie went on in groups of two, all sports coverage as possi material this year which should catalyst club: Meeting, election of pliidges were defeated by the squads of Ri- scattered about the court, wrestling readers.
Coach Piggy Lambert’s quintet will begin the 1943-44 season this coming Saturday night at 7:30 when they meet the star-studded Naval Pre-Flight team from Greencastle here at the Fieldhouse. According to Coach Lambert, the Pfe-Flight team, which has won five of their first six games, will be one of the toughest teams of the ■ ' season. western boys are handling the
guard uositions for the DePauMf
In their first
the
nhi|(e up for their deficit.
15 lettermen
games
who played against the Boilermak-
contest. In their first one, Pre-' er varsity last year, and Charles possible to you Flight defeated P. R. Mallory, Tourek, who was on the frosh tpkm. an independent team, 54 to 40. In Last night the Boilermakers had
civilians and former students and tackling now going on. At the The Garber twins are both mem- two games with the professional' a light workout, consisting mostly
' Only 15 lettermen are carried Have recommendations in by Tuesday noon! here at the University. eud of several minutes the bloody bars of the local V-12 contingent. Pure Oil five, Greencastle won 61 of trying to work the ball into the ov¥r in the Big Ten from last year. -gaunt . , ^ ^
Mhrthwestern leads the group with
four—^Otto Graham, George Pelt,
Vodick and Ronnie Schumach-
e^l'- 'Michigan has three—Dave Sltack, Bob Wiese and Don Lund, aM the Riveters have two—Duffy
Phiqnd and Jack Kennedy.
Catalyst Club: Special meetmK Thursday, was the game between the V-12ers Dec. 6, at 4 p. m in the Chemical and . ,, . ... , ,, , Metallurgical Engineering building. ot other Universities and the squad
—GAUNT
The main event of the evening battle was halted; no more blood while Wright is a civilian. Cou- to 43 and 48 to 36. Against the basket. As yet Cbach Lambert has left. The score and who won ? It plod with Ackerman, who is a mem- Harlem Globe Trotters, one of the not named his starting lineup, but
was never determined.
' l^ere is some of the dope on the
individual teams:
Bob Lfddy Named As Most Valuable Iowa Gridman
of Riveter stars, several of whom
SCA; Board meeting Tuesday, Dec. 7, at had seen action last year on the 7 :.S0 p. m. in the SCA office. , » , ,
—BRYANT varsity and freshman squads. Bill
Kappa Sigma: Meeting Tuesday, Dec 7, Bodge, Pdul Hoffman, Jack Kenat 206 Russell at 7 p. m. nedy, Duffy Friend and Charlie
—KENNEDY ^ - 1.1. j tt • *1. • Haag represented the University in
rorm^srumon, “tlsT scrimmage, while Sam Vacant!, —CRAVEN Gustafson, Frazie, Walley and guard, who played full time in five
n1i.ir sjoBridov <11,1., Qto+o m+fo,. WRH Girls: shoit meeting with YWCA Bumps Elliott saw to it that the games, has been selected by his
ocnriaer, unio state letter- dinner Tuesday, Dec 7, in North Hall V-12 continffent was not left out of teammates niun; Wayne Thompson, Kalamazoo recreation room -click '' contingent was not lelt out ot teammates
CjSllegi
her of the ROTC unit shipped back top negro professional teams in the will probably be very similar to to the , campus to finish college country, the Gobs won 42 to 41. ^hg Qjie which started the game i training, they, should be able to Stout Field was also a victim, 66 -tbe Riveters against the V-12*8 in
the second
night.
game last SaturiJuv
Co-Captain "Bob Liddy, right
.;tlichigan—Some of the V-12’s are
Stai’J Toni King and Tom Playshop Ushers: Meetinpr at 4 p. m. on RSton of Michigan State; John Led- Wednesday, Dec. S. m Fowler Hall for all
who want to usher Thursday, Friday or Sat-
dy,- from the national champion urday Purpose of meeting ib to bhow where
reserved seats are located —STEFFES
Sppthern California team of a few y^ars back, and Rex Wells, from iSaho State. •, Northwestern—Six members of thfi Wildcats’ frosh team last year ■virbo played here in the Fieldhouse, nfebiely—Dave Thompson, John ward, Duane Sickles, Bernie Schald^r. Jack Harker and Larry Savaka. The V-12’s ai’e Jim Schmide ot-South Dakota State; John SchleSitiger, Everett Nelson and Lou Novjk of Nebraska, and Jeny Carle of Minnesota. Wisconsin—One letterman and ohe reserve have returned for the Bjldgers—Ray Patterson and Bill ^bhnspn, respectively. In addition there are three minor letter win-nfei's-^Desmond Smith, Bill Lovsbin and A1 Ryser, and 11 navy
trainees.
Illinois—Of the 33 players now opt for the Illini varsity, 18 of them
the running.
Haag Leads with 15 Points Charlie Haag lead the attack of
both teams with a total of 16 points
the University of
Iowa’s most valuable football play-
er of 1943.
The Monticello junior, one of the two returning major letter men on
Union Board: Seniors will meet at 7 p m , juniors at 7 :15 p m., Tuesday, Dec 7, in the Union office —WOOLLING
give a thorough coverage, not fa- to 28. The only defeat that the voring any branch of the service. Navy team has met was from the Good luck, boys. hands of a 'Big Ten team last' week. Football Movies Last Night Wisconsin beat them 28 to 25 in the The football movies last night seconds of play, were enjoyed by the 600 odd fans Some of the stars for the team that turned out to see them. One who will probably start against the
could certainly tell a difference in Riveters are forwards Ed Sadow- lowships for graduate study. Apthe squad that faced the Bluejack- ski, a nationally known ball play- plications must be made before the ets and the squad that faced Indi- er from Loras College of Iowa, and 1st of March, 1944. These fellowana. We still say that there isn’t Warren Cartier, who played for a ships are offered in the fields of the squad in the country that could high school in Green Bay, Wis. At arts, education, zoology, etc. Auy-
Placement Notes
For Women
Smith College announces 12 fpl-
Glider Club: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m , Tues day, Dec. 7, in the Union —SCHROEDER
scored, with Lodge, Hoffman and the 1943 squad, played a total of j^^ve whipped that original Boiler- center there v^ll be Ralph Schroe- one interested may obtain further Horn, a substitute forward, tying 448 minutes out of the possible 480 j^^aker outfit with Butkovich, Agase, der, who played this position for information from Placement Servwith a score of 8 points to come in the eight contests. He started Gg^is, Stuart and the other fellows Wisconsin last year. Two North- ice for Women. second in total points scored. For the games. there.
Inspiration to Team
Ceres: Pledge meeting Wednesday, Dec. 8, at 6:20 p m in room 212 instead of 261. Al! active members be present.
- HOBSON
the V-12ers Gustafson, a former mspiraiion lo leam extend our North Dakota University player, “Liddy was a dependable guard thanks to Sammy Voinoff, who did
led the attack, ringing up 7 points. a great leader. He helped, by
Junior Sports Editors: Meeting Wednesday, Dec. 8 at 4 *30 p m in the Fieldhouse.
—LIPES
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Wednesday, Dec 8, I 7 *15 p. m in room 263 of the Union
—HANSEN
his own example, to keep up the fighting spirit of the team despite numerous lost games,” Coach “Slip”
Madigan said.
The 180-pound lineman was a
Alpha Zeta: Business moetini; Thursday, Dec 0, in room 261 of the Union at 6-30 P. m —SHERWOOD
ate Illinois prep stars. Some of 0®*“'’®".*Coun.oli.Meeting Thursday,
Walley scored 6 points and Sam Vacanti, Iowa and Riveter letterm»n,
scored 5 points.
Haag and Lodge, two of the stars of the frosh team of last year, dis-
played the type of ball handling full-timer against the Boilermakers, that will undoubtedly make the var- Great Lakes, Indiana, Illinois and sity team a strong contender for Minnesota. Liddy played about 57
Alpha Chi Rho: Alpha Chi Rhos in the conference honors. Both of these minutes against Nebraska, 49
Players made numerous passes that against Wisconsin and 42 against
W Lutz —HOLMES seemed almost impossible to result Iowa oeahawks, an arm injury Dolphin: All actives meet m room 107 of ^ score but a receiver for the ball shortening his service in the latter
the^Fieidhcubc Thursday, usually appeared'^n time to snare two games. the ball under the basket and sink Liddy has a draft deferment for the shot for two points. Their ma- pi'c-medical study. He expects to neuvers, together with some fine begin his medical woi'k in January,
playing by the stalwarts of last year’s squad, Duffy Friend and “Moose” Kennedy, resulted in the top-heavy score of 50-35 in their
favor.
Horn Shines for Riveters
Horn, somewhat of an unknown quantity, amazed quite a few of the onlookers by the way he made those baskets, sinking four sti-aight
Sigma Delta Chi: Veiy important meeting for aclivob and pledges Wednesday, Dec. 8,
at 5*15 p. m in Exponent office
—MURPHY
9, at 7 p. m in the Student Union office.
- WOOLLING
Classified
Ads
Track Schedule For '44 Feb. 5—Northwestern and Chi-
cago, here.
them are Gillespie of Chicago, Foley of Paris, Morton of Elgin, Sudkamp of Champaign and Judson of Hebron, This Illinois team, in their fitst game of the season last week, b6at the alumni composed of four rtf last year’s Whiz Kids by an im-
pressive score of 61 to 35.
Ohio State—Jack Dugger is the Money lo Loan—On diamonds, watches, field goals to garner 8 points for ■1 . . , . guns, luggage, tvnewntprs. AILorta T.<ijn ., , 1 /»
himself. Walley, from Central of Mar. 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago.
a fine job of describing the plays as the pictures progressed, and also to John Ditamore, who was kind enough to lend us the Music Hall for the showing and who handled all the arrangements. That Intrasquad Game Although there was a slim tuimoiit for the intrasquad basketball game last Saturday night, those who did go were treated to a very good showing of what the 1943 Riveter basketball squad will look like. It IS going to be a tough job for Piggy to pick a squad out of the flood of material that was seen on the floor. There were so many men that gave the appearance of developing into first-class ball players that Piggy will have to almost draw straws to decide on a
Feb. 12—Purdue, Northwestern, starting five for Saturday’s game
Wisconsin, at Chicago. Feb. 19—Purdue at Indiana. Feb. 25—Purdue, Indiana, at Illi-
nois.
Feb. 26—Ohio State, Indiana,
only returning letterman, but there oZe.'4oTcoTuX""‘""
is a Kentucky transfer by the name
with DePauw Navy. We have been informed that an addition has been made to the net schedule. The Boilermakers arc due to face Indiana State next Tuesday
night there.
- . 1J TV- 1 . , Typewriters—Addiner machines, all makes OI Arnoia ivisen wno stands only sold, rented, repaned and purchased Mimco-
6 ft. 8% in. In addition Coach 01- S^ayeTte’'pZi 277I
sfen has frosh Jimmy Wells, Don , , p,,,,, , , „
X -r. 1 TT . -r^ y -r-. —Bilifold Containing licences, etc Re-
urate, Haul Houston, Bob BoWen, lum to Karl Schakei, aos Waidion st or
phone 6280, airpoit Reward
all of whom are over six feet tall. Iowa—No veterans and of the 18 men on the team, 16 are under 18. Coach Harrison is counting on Jack Sjjencei’, a 6-foot guard, who was all-star prep at Davenport, la. Chicago—The Maroons have 18 men out of which a team can be chosen that will stand over six feet. They still have their first game to
win in 40 starts.
Indiana—Coach Harry Good, who is the only new mentor in the Conference this year, has only one leturning letterman, Ed Scheinbein. However, the Hoosiers got a wealth of material in the freshman class. So far this year they have already knocked off Camp Atterbury and Naval Pre-flight of Greencastle though the DePauw civilian team of Greencastle beat them last Sat-
urday.
Minnesota —No veteians here either, but theie aie moie than a dozen 17-year-olds. Among them are Duane Baglien, Fargo, N. D., and Gordon Muske, Wahpeton, N. D., both of whom are supposed to be outstanding frosh material. Col legfe transfers include Bill Wright and, Kenny Johnson of Carleton.
Missouri; Frazier, from Southwest- Mar. 18—Tentative, Purdue Re-
el n of Kansas, and Bumps Elliott, lays.
football stalwaits, played a fine Mar. 25—Tentative, Chicago Re-
game and will probably^rove to be lays,
valuable assets to Piggy’s squad.
PRICE RISE
3.50 until Dec. 12 ORDER Purdue's Yearbook NOW
From Salesmen and West Desk
In the preliminary event the re-
^“*5^ i'**' 1*1“’ mainder of the varsity team put on
ir<im 5 30 to 8pm Must bo able to drive car. Apply Puidue Union Cafetei la Office.
Party who exchanged blue fiiipci tip coat for blue overcoat Friday evening at College Inn lestaurant, please call 35202 Ask for Somers
Lost—Man’s Helbros shock-pioof watch. Round losf-colored dial Dark brown strap
a fast performance, with the Purdue team defeating the V-12ers by a score of 34 to 23. McCormack led the Puidue team attack with 6 points, with Unversagt, Kriegbaum,
Notice All those interested in boxing please report to the boxing deck at 4:30 tonight in the Fieldhouse. —BEERS.
Scores Basl'ietball scores of Riveter opponents over the week end: Illinois 51, Alumni 35. Marquette 51, Wisconsin 43. DePauw 47, Indiana 36 Western Michigan 46, Notre Dame 42. Minnesota 54, St. Mary’s 32.
d(lWUf! 3.50 until Dec. 12
PRICE RISE
Phone 3301 Roland Sutton.
Trumpet, tenor and alto''sax man wanted. Phone 66015 aftti 5:30
Schmidt, Becker, Sokel’, Dilling and Bennett scoring 4 points each.
Lost—Blown billfold, with Gaiy address. Tf found retuin to Lou Jean Bnggb, 146 N Grant.
Lost—An aqua stone ring with small surrounding setting, neai Chem annex. Recitation building or Heavilon Hall last Friday Return to Heavilon Hall mam office. Reward
Will pay cash for l‘)40 oi 1941 automobile,
Puchowski and Herriot led the V-12ers with 6 tallies. Mock Basketball Game The Reamer-Gimlet affair proved to be highly entertaining, and also showed the public the way not to play basketball. The Reamers, honoraiy organization on the campus,'
It’s Still a Merry Christmas!
convertible, club coupe, .sodanette Jose fielded a team Consisting of AckerDosamantos, Latin American Group Union m o xi a x c* buiidiiiK, 8171 man, Tyson, Smith, Armstrong, Se-
THOUGH time is short for Christmas shopping, you can still count on Penney’s for those practical and usable gifts which this war year makes more welcome than ever. No 1943 list of Christmas presents is complete without War Bonds and Stamps.
Students Discover 'i*ink Elephants' Only African Props
Transpoiting a bit of African atmosphere to the campus, the producers of the Black Hilks Passion Play managed to make seveial eds and coeds swear off demon lum for the duration by hitching their camels, in lieu of pink elephants, at the side of the Union Building Wednesday. The discovery of the two camels tied to the chains on the west side of the Union caused several of the stpdent body who had forgotten about the conpng of the Passion Play to blink and 1 ub their eyes unbelievingly and to take new and i4itheT disparaging vows. However, when the truth of the matter /iccqrred to the converts, horns again replaced ^he halo and campu.s life carried on,
The easy way to be well-read is join the
BOOK-OF-THE-MONTH CLUB
Let us explain how the plan works. You’ll enjoy considerable savings on books you would buy at regular price.
University Book Store
Across from the Union Bldg.
LH FULL FASHIONED RAYON CELANESE HOSE —Sheer.
□
MEN’S riES in distinctive stripes, floral prints or solids.
□
98'□ BOXED STATIONERY. An always useful, welcome gift.
1.00
BEAUTIFUL HANDBAGS. Many clever styles in rich fabrics.
□ MEN’S DRESS SOCKS in fancy gift box.
3
FOR 1.00
a„
A N D S 0 M E L Y B O U N D 49^ BOOKS. For everyone on your Xmas list.
CH WOMEN’S SWEATER, wool, slip over styles.
All
□
MEN’S DRESS GLOVES. Lined
or unlined styles.
□
1.52 n I L_l CLEVER WOOD GIFTS. Trays, tie racks, hook ends and lirush sets.
WOMEN’S SKIRTS. Plaids and
Tweeds.
□
□
MEN’S HOUSE SLIPPERS. 4 A Xmas gift he’ll thank yon for all year.
□ WRISLEY’S In fancy gift box.
FANCY SOAPS.
WOMEN’S RAYON BLOUSES.
Plaids and plains.
□
BOYS’ MILITARY SUITS including coat, pants, and cap.
n WRISLEY’S fancy gift box.
COLOGNE. In
□ WOMEN’S HANKIES dered or lacy, beauties.
enihrc
□
WRISLEY’S SHAVING SETS.
A most “practical gift.
d BEAUTIFUL GIFT COMPACTS for her on Xmas.
□
WOMEN’S HOUSE SLIPPERS.
The perfect gift.
Cl MEN’S BILLFOLDS. Genuine leather—all colors.
□
1-^ TOILET SETS including comb, brush and hand mirror.
COLORFUL SWEATERS FOR Girls. Slip over and coal 8lyle.s.
□
GIFTS FOR SERVICE-
MEN Aimy^—Navy or Marines.
OftcT0 0.90 n
70 7 LJ jewelry gifts for her.
Beads, ear rings, hraeelets and pins.
TOY DEPT. ON THE BALCONY
^ ■
f-i