' L i^' '' ’, , JL ' ’■’ 1 r }) ■» '"' ^ I^"* V> , ^ jVi ' ^ ’■’' ic,v ■ , , '
This Newspaper ' Is Published Eadt Momihg But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY
October ll, 1998 Lafayette* Indiana
VoLSO
No. 24
. (
I
POMM Names Pledges; Lists 42 Seniors* 8 Juniors
Many
Petitions Activities
Board Election
Delay
Due to the extremely large number of petitioners, it was impossible for the Activities Board, electoral group for the newly organized Student Activities Bureau, to name last night the junior and senior officers for the new activity. Petitions came in unexpected abundance and in order to make a thorough and comprehensive survey of applicants for positions, some additional time will be necessary. It is probable that interviews will have to be conducted in order to make final selections. A complete list of petitioners will appear in tomorrow’s Exponent. Offices for which petitions were turned in are senior secretary, junior secretaries, and junior manag-
After these officers are selected and announced, notice will be made in the Exponent, requesting sophomores to come out for the activity. Sophomores need not make application for jobs until a call is made.
Skull And Crescent Eleds New Officer
At their regular monthly meeting held in the Memorial Union Thursday night, members of Skull and Crescent, sophomore activities honorary, elected Richard A. Bates as vice-president for the year. Bates is a member of Phi Gamma Delta, fraternity. Bates was chosen to replace Ray Hall, former vicer-president, who was automatically raised to the presidency when James Black, elected to that position last spring, did not return to school this fall.
In addition to regular business, a large part of the evening’s discussion was occupied by the pending Green Potter’s election, which is sponsored by Skull and Crescent. Plans for conducting the election were suggested and discussed, but the meeting was adjourned with major points still unsettled.
DuPont Man To Talk On Neoprene Friday
Formal pledging of those receiving the required votes will take place Thursday, October 13, in the Armory at a meeting of the entire organization. Pledges announced last night were: SENIORS—W. B. Boothby, D. W. Clugston, W. J. Demer, B. A. Devol, R. L. Forkner, M. L. Gregory, E. C. Gross, R. E. Hall, J. E. Hammer, R. S. Harper, C. W. Hartman, H. F. Helbig, R. H. Hirchert, L. V. Holmes, G. V. Hutchens, J. R. Keck, J. E. Kessel, J. H. Kline, C. E. Lang, A. H. Levin, E. W. Little, H. W. Lownie, S. G. Luther. More Seniors—Then Juniors R. D. McCreary, L. L. McDaniel, R. A. Meier, R. W. Middleton, S. T. Novak, J. A. Ogle, A. J. Parker, R. J. Ruth, R. M. Sasser, R. Schumaker, F. B. Sebastian, T. J. Sherman, R. H. Stover, J. E. Taylor, J. H. Learney, T. L. Tomaszewski, M. E. Wickersham, R. H. Williams, and B. D. Witwer. JUNIORS—R. C. Becker, R. R. Cooper, A. H. Exton, J. A. Hebbeler, F. H. Hurst, H. M. Knight, R. S. Nad, and R. L. Reiley.
Phillips To Speak At Charm School
Professor/Robert Phillips of the history, economies, and government
department, will discuss “Charm in the Classroom” at the second chai’m school session tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Following Professor Phillips’ talk, freshmen co-eds will vote to select two WSGA representatives. Petitions signed by 21 freshmen co-eds have been turned in by the following nine girls: Mary Wirt, Natalie Dennis, Marilou Wallace, Mary Reuther, Amelia Rodefeld, Phyllis Julian, Molly Harding, Joan Nelson, and Jane Server.
Engineer To Inaugurate Series Of Instructional Discussions For Staff
S. G. Bram, head of the DuPont rubber research laboratories, will deliver an illustrated lecture on “Neoprene,” DuPont’s synthetic rubber product, Friday at 4 o’clock in room 109 of the Electrical Engineering Building. According to those in charge, this meeting, the first of this year’s series sponsored by the University chapter of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, will be open to all students. “We are very foi-tunate in obtaining Mr. Bram’s services as he is in Lafayette for only a brief business call,” said J. H. Jacobi, president of the local chapter of the AIChE. The organization’s membership campaign, now underway, will close November 1.
Practices in technical journalism will be discussed during a series of foithcoming Purdue Engineer instructional meetings, editor-in-chief J. P. Taylor announced last night. Newly planned this year as an aid to freshmen and sophomores on the Engineer editorial staff, the discussions will be led by guest speakers representing the varied fields of engineering and education. Dean Potter, speaking on “Technical Writing,” will address the first meeting tomorrow at 8:00 p. m. in room A of the Union. Featuring an entirely new cover design, the usual number of cuts, and an attractive page lay-out, the first issue of the Engineer will be out in about two weeks.
Siskind To Address Radio Club On Quartz Crystals
Faculty Members . . . . . . will meet with the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce Thursday night for the annual C. of C. Purdue smoker. The smoker will be held at 8 o’clock in the roof garden of the Fowler Hotel? ‘w— •
R. P. Siskind, new assistant in the electrical engineering school, will speak on “Using the Quartz CrystaJ As a Filter,” at a Radio Club meeting to be held today at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. This lecture will be the first of a senes of regularly scheduled programs concerning developments in radio. Other business at this meeting, to be presided over by J. W. Kittner, will be the election of a vice-president and secretary-treas-urer. Those in charge invite all interested in amateur radio to attend this meeting.
EIIioH In
Manila
Purdue Order of Military Merit last night announced the pledging of 50 men. At a meeting in the Armory at 4 p. m. yesterday the University n^ilitary honorary voted 42 seniors and eight juniors into the organization. Eligibility for membership in the POMM requires a minimum of four citations for seniors and five citations for the juniors. Fotmal Pledging
President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott arrived in Manila, Philippine Islands, Sunday morning. Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the President, yesterday received the following wire from Dr. Elliott :
“Arrived all well. Notify children. —ELLIOTT.”
Dr. and Mrs. Elliott sailed on the Empress of Canada on September 17 from Vancouver, British Columbia.
Co-eds Will Choose
Most Eligible Ed At
Gold Diggers Dance
Co-ed Voters Plan
Weekly Discussions
All girls 21 years of age who are planning to vote November 30 are urged to join the “21 Club” and attend weekly meetings concerning voting sponsored by YWCA. The club is being organized to inform co-eds about voting procedures and to study party platforms and candidates. The YWCA office will be open during this week so that girls who wish to sign up for membership in the “21 Club” may do so immediately. Any girl who is not 21 but is interested in the current political situation may sit in at the meetings. “If enough girls are interested, the club will continue throughout the year,” states Martha Moorehead, who is in charge of arr^angements for the club’s organization.
Senior Photos
Now On Final
Week— Win ters
Marcosson. Authority On World Affairs. Journalist, Commentator, Will Speak At First Convocation Of Season Tonight
WBAA Picks New
Staff Personnel
From 75 Tryouts
Who is Purdue’s most eligible bachelor? This all-important question will be answered at the annual Gold Digger’s dance Friday night, October 14. Co-eds, escorting their dates to the Union ballroom, will choose the popular man some time during the evening. New this year will be a public address system which will broadcast music from the ballroom to the cafeteria. Congestion may be relieved by dancing downstairs. Cisne To Play Dick Cisne and hisTarchestra from the University of Illinois will furnish sweet swing melodies. Cisne has the distinction of having the most extensively travelled college band in existence today. Special features with the band include Dori Glen, talented young songstress, and Dick Harton, one of the midwest’s most outstanding drummers. Ensemble vocalizations and novelty numbers give a final touch to Cisne’s varied program. Tickets for the dance may be purchased from social chairmen of all sororities, at the Residence Halls, and at the magazine desk in the Union. The price is one dollar. Infoimal dress will be correct, that is, semi-formals for co-eds and street suits for men.
Seventeen new staff members have been added to the roster of the University’s radio station WBAA, according to an announcement released last night by G. D. Williams, program director.
Chosen from a group of approximately 75 aspirants, the final number of selections was greater than the usual first semester tryouts. WBAA officials attributed this to the high caliber of the auditioning talent.
WBAA’s Choice
Those selected wei-e Jerry Bernstein, H. J. Bichsel, Virgil Duncan, Betty Erick, Jane Fairbanks, Carl Gobble, Herschell Gordon, Robert Harruff, Robert Hewitt, R. C. Jarrow, W. S. Kennedy, Robert Mellin, D. Mortensen, Ann Pierce, A. M. Rogers, Malcom Ross, and J. Singer.
Because of the small number of co-eds attending the auditions, the station plans to hold further auditions at a later date for co-eds only.
Senior Engineers May Register For DuPont Interviews
George S. Long and George R. Beach, Jr., representatives of E. I. du Pont de Nemours Company of Wilmington, Del., will be at the University Thursday and Friday, October 13 and 14, to interview seniors in the schools of mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, and chemistry.
The representatives are also interested in graduates with master’s and doctor’s degrees in chemistry and chemical engineering. Types of work for which they are seeking men are listed below in their order of importance: production, research, development, sales, power plants, and design.
Ph. D.’s only are considered for research work, while development work is fairly restricted to chemicals and chemical engineers who have at least master’s degrees. Four-year men are sought for the other types of employment. Must Sign Up
Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel for the University, requests those interested in these interviews to sign up in the office of the head of their school. Students selected by Professors Bray and Young will be called for interviews. ,
With the second and final week of senior photographing under way, one-half the seniors have appeared to face the camera. Debris Editor F. W. Winter said last night that it will be necessary for each senior to come at his scheduled time in order to have all the pictures taken this week. Winter recommended that those who have missed their sittings come to room C in the Union Building during a free hour within the next few days. These sittings will be worked in with the regularly scheduled ones. Students carrying Junior cards, but who expect to graduate in June or summer school are requested by the Debris to put in an appearance Tuesday or Wednesday for the photographing.
A booklet describing the du Pont Company and products and a leaflet enumerating the opportunities of the college graduate with du Pont are available in Professor Young’s office and also in the personnel office. Those interested in the interviews are requested, by Walters, to read this material before signing up.
Alpha Xi Deltas Receive Over 500 At Open House
Mussolini, Hindenburg, Trotzky, King Albert On List Personages Interviewed
Isaac F. Marcosson will open the year’s first convocation tonight at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium when he speaks on “The World Welter.” Marcosson, brilliant authority on world affairs and regarded as interviewer of more prominent personages than any other man living, only recently returned from Europe. He was fortunately secured for this convocation when Lady Drummond Hay, originally scheduled for tonight, cancelled her appearance because of ill health. Passports Needed
Admittance to the convocation will be by passport or ticket only. Convocation Committee Chairman J. T. Gunn announced last night.
Marcosson deplores war as useless sacrifice of human life and economic recourses; long before now branded Italy, Germany, and Japan as menaces to world peace. Recent occurrences have shown the accuracy of his prophecy.
As a man who has interviewed most of today’s world-shaping figures, and who has been in close touch with international affairs since the War, Marcosson is wellequipped to comment on the present international crises.
Knows Anthony Eden
While in Europe Marcosson added another important international figure to his ever-lengthening list of interview-friendships in the person of Anthony Eden, formerly Foreign Minister of England. Journalists, correspondents, and commen-
Reception student Union officials have arranged a reception for Marcosson in the main Union lounge immediately after tonight’s convocation. Refreshments will be served, and the Union Board invites the public to attend.
tators throughout two continents have been granted interviews with world figures, bu| none can boast of a longer list of conversations with renowned speakers than Marcosson.
Mussolini, Hindenburg, Emperor Hihorito, Clemenceau, King Albei’t, Ramsay McDonald, Trotzky, Sun Yat Sen, and Manchurian War Lord Chang Tso Lin are but a few of those he has interviewed. After the declaration of the World War, Lloyd George granted Marcosson the first interview, and he received the only interview that Haig ever gave.
Der Fuehrer—No Sale
The only interview which Marcosson attempted to obtain and was denied was one with Adolph Hitler.
Marcosson was born in Louisville, Ky., turned to journalism at the age of 17, when he secured a job as reporter on the Louisville Times.
He has been editor of World’s Work in association with Walter H. Page; member o^the staff and financial editor of wfe Saturday Evening Post; associate editor of Munsey’s Magazine; and a staff contributor to the Saturday Evening Post for many years.
Hannas To Head Delta Rho
Kappa, Sdence Honorary
Over 500 students, faculty members, and townspeople visited the new Alpha Xi Delta sorority house for an open house Sunday. After going through the receiving line, guests were routed through the house, ending their visit in the dining room, where punch and cookies were served.
Exponent Staff Calls For Frosh
Editorial Men
Freshmen Exponent editorial aspirants seeking berths on regular editorial or sports staffs, will meet in the Memorial Union Building, Thursday night at 7:15. As was announced previously, this will be the first opportunity for freshmen, desiring editorial work and a place in one of the major campus activities, to affiliate with the Exponent.. Attention will be focused at this first meeting on the organization of the paper, staff, and various duties. Freshmen will learn of the opportunities offered by a daily student paper for learning about the University, meeting many students and University staff members, and becoming familiar with the basic principles of journalism. If, after words of explanation, freshmen still want to become staff members, they may sign up.
Two Week Course Following this first meeting there will be a two weeks training course, probably meeting about four times preparing newcomers to assume active duty. They will be taught how to write a news story, how to write heads, and conform to Exponent style. Sophomores who came out first this year are now about mid-way through a training course preparing them to assume duties as sophomores on the staff. They met for their second meeting in the Union last night.
Annual Fire School Will Convene Here
Beginning October 18, the Fifth Annual Indiana Fire School will get underway on the University campus and will continue for three days. Under the direction of the engineering extension department of the University and the state fire marshal’s department of Indiana, the school is held each year for the purpose of presenting, in a practical form, the latest information dealing with fire fighting and fire prevention material and personnel.
R. R. Hannas, Sci. ’39, was named president of Delta Rho Kappa, science honoi'ary, at the organization meeting held Saturday in the Memorial Union Building. Other officers for the sejinester are C. L. Grannon, Sci ’39, vice-president, and Virginia Kungel, Sci. ’39, secretarytreasurer.
The program will include drill team demonstrations with ladder and hose, a baseball game between teams picked from the visiting firemen, a benefit dance at Lincoln Lodge, and lectures on many different phases of fire control.
Those who are attending the school will register in the Electrical Engineering Building where the meetings will be held.
Names of 22 candidates for membership were accepted. Invitations must be accepted before Sunday, October 16, as pledging will take place the following ,Tuesday. . ;
THE WEATHER
Forecast for (ieaerally fair today. Warput in «asi gantral pprtio.ns..£diJtohud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^uxbjuuiA
Tuesday, October 11, 1938
Team Spirit.., ... enabled Purdue's lighter Boilermaker eleven to hold an exceedingly tough Minnesota t^m to one touchdown. Student spirit was evidenced by the fine turnout that greeted the returning football players Sunday showed the University eds and co-eds have enough school loyalty, pride, and ambition to support their team after defeat as well as victory. The crowd meeting the train Sunday exceeded the pre-game pep session attendance, indicating that the students wanted very much to show the squad that they were not disappointed in their Minnesota performance. They wanted to tell the team members they had not lost any of their enthusiasm, that they still were backing them to the limit and expecting an unimpeachable season’s record. That spirit does credit to Purdue’s students. If they and the team continue to show the same enthusiasm in future pep sessions and games, that final season record will be one that no one could discredit or disregard. Technology VS. Culture... ... is a struggle that seems eventually to appear in any university which emphasizes engineering. The problem at Purdue now occu-" pies the attention and worries of both faculty members and student organizations. Today we print a guest editorial written by a member of the Student Union Board, and tomorrow an editorial taken from the Ohio State Lantern presenting the viewpoint df that institution. Back In ^91... . . . there was a School of Art at Purdue, and one of its purposes was “to give the students some practical ideas of how to apply a knowledge of drawing to actual work. Today it seems that art at Purdue has been pushed back on the shelf behind a mass of technical subjects, athletics and activities. The average student, while being able to appreciate art work to some degree, has little ambition to go out and increase his scope. At present there is no School of Art, but several similar courses are offered in the department of general engineering. The Union, through the music room exhibits and the Art
the Purdue Exponent
RBPRESENTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY ' National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicASD ■ Boston ■ Los aho^lis • sah Francisco Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. - L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors... G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. B. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager JB. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager- H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — .W. K Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor - Sally McKee Associate Editors — — Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. Associate Editors
R. L, McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdua-^ University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Patterson Tuesday, October 11, 1938
Peter Lamhertus, Jr. .. . . . . ME ’37, was killed instantly Sunday, October 9, when his car collided head on with another in Chicago on Outer Drive and Sixtieth street, Jackson Park. He was an employee of the Otis Elevator company and had resided at 4655 Lake Park avenue, Chicago. His brother, Harold Lambertus, is a freshman at this University.
ARC
WB AA
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
jAMiS mmm
ALSO FLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS
11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:16—Social Security Talk. 11 '30—The Home Makers. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Safety Court. 12:15—Jim Hoffman—^pianist 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 :45—Songs and Melodies. 1 -00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1 45—Maiket Reports. 2 00—Concert Review. 2 :30—^You and Your Child. 2 .46—Treasure^Chest—Mildred Templin. 3.00—National'Business and Professional Women’s Club Program. 3 .15—Musical Moments. 3 :46—Patricia Keiaer—pianist. 4 :00—The Magic Carpet. 4 :16—Stinson Brothers—guitars. 4 :30—Town Forum—Prof. Chas Murphy,. 4 -45—Story Book Hour
With a gift of $2,250,000, Harvard University has opened a new graduate school of public administration.
And speaking of dates (and who doesn’t) an unusual custom prevails at the University of Miami. Eds and co-eds meet in classes, have coke dates, even go to church together but never do they date for football games.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling caid to a High School Annual
JOHNeARRUAOM TODAY — WED.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locKs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 '/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Christmas Cards
• Shoe Repair
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1.50. Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Club, fosters the interest of those students who desire to increase their knowledge of painting, sketching, and art appreciation. While Purdue is primarily a technical school it would seem wise for the undergraduate to further their education by taking advantage of these facilities and projects in order to obtain a more complete college education. —R. C. K.
THE OTHER DAY we named three of the most popular freshman co-eds, and said that we hoped that they would ward off any pin pushers. Of these three HELEN LANGE was the first to break the ice by taking ERVIN PAPE’S Delt pin. PAPE was in the class of '38, and made a special trip back to school to do the planting. JOHNNY DEAN, the Kappa Sig’s white hope, continues to hang onto HELEN’S apron strings, hoping that there will be a field day for suckers in the near future. FRANKIE EASTBURN, the Alpha Chi with a car, is having a big time with PAUL ECKSTEIN these days, wrapping him around her finger. PAUL has had his eye on FRANKIE for some time, but little FRANKIE and HARRY ZINK have had their eyes on one-another. As we eye the situation we would say that ECKSTEIN was eyeing the wrong girl. THIS YEAR’S CROP OF girls that are living in WRH are beginning to discover that there is definitely something in the air, especially when the wind shifts to an eastern direction. Incidentally the Poultry house is east of the WRH. WE UNDERSTAND THAT work is continuing to be done on the Pi Phi’s new sorority house. We had thought that was just part of your rush plan. By the bye can you girls
‘I don’t want one with more than five murders—^there’s enough trouble in this world without me reading about it!”
fill this house or are you going to rent out rooms ? DID YOU HAVE a nice time on your double date to Indianapolis the other night TREVA? We understand that your dates were slightly mixed up. What has happened to your popularity in the good ol’ home town?
TODAY — TOMORROW
Also Phil Harris and His Orchestra
luma TODAY — WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
tl.
—PLUSMAR Y CARLISLE LLOYD NOLAN in ^‘HUNTED MEN’
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
The World Had Never Known Men Like This ... And Will Never Know Them Againl
ALLEY OF THEAIANTS
1001 Thrills in TECHNICOLORI
-- EXTRA - News Pictures Purdue-Minnesota Football Pictures
WIN IN PHILIP MORRIS FOOTBALL SCORECAST moo Philip Morris Cigarettes PREDICT THESE SCORES Purdue vs. Fordham Kansas State vs. Marquette
DO THIS Write your forecast of both games on a Philip Morris wrapper and drop in a ballot box at the Sweet Shop, Deac's, Southworth's, Bartlett's, Huffman's, Cary Club, Triple XXX on South street, Wimpy's Grill, or your fraternity or sorority You may enter as many ballots as you wish, but on separate Philip Morris wrappers. Boxes will be closed Saturday morning preceding the games. The winners will be announced the following Thursday Be sure to list your name, address, and group affiliation on each ballot entered. This is important.
WIN THESE 1.000 Philip Morris cigarettes free to each person correctly forecasting the exact score of both games scheduled In the event no exact forecasts are made the nearest entrant will receive 1,000 Philip Morris cigarettes 100 Philip Morris cigarettes free to every person correctly forecasting the score of either game and the winners of both games 50 Philip Morris cigarettes free to every person correctly forecasting the score of either game.
GROUP PRIZES WILL BE ON DISPLAY IN DEAC'S, HUFFMAN'S, BARTLETT'S WINDOWS
' fjTuesday. October 11. Id38
THE PURDUE
§pii^fA.
EXPONENT
Elward Praises Riveters For Stand At Minnesota; Meet Fordham Saturday Krause, Dick Johnson Injured In Gopher Contest; Squad To Practice But Three Days For Eastern Tilt
Intramural Notices
Disappointed that the Riveters found it impossible to display any kind of offense at the Minnesota game Saturday, Coach Mai Elward had nothing but praise yesterday for the gallant Boilermaker stand against the Gopher’s behemoth attack as drill swept under way for the intersectional encounter at Fordham in New York City next Saturday. Although the line and secondary turned in finished defensive performance, Elward was impressed particularly with the work of Cocaptain Joe Mihal, burly tackle, who played 60 minutes against the Gophers, and Leonard Diehl, senior reserve. Diehl filled in at right tackle after Dick Johnson was hurt. Boilermakers Relax The squad who worked against Minnesota went through a light workout yesterday, while the remainder of the group was sent into a heavy scrimmage session.
Elward counted two casualties today as the result of the Gopher battle, both Jack Krause, end, and Dick Johnson, tackle, being out of action because of injured knees. Elward indicated that with only three dayg of available practice for the rubber game in the Fordham series the major emphasis will be placed on the development of the offense. “We had enough defensive work against Minnesota Saturday to last us a couple of weeks,” commented the Boilermaker coach.
Fritz Reiner, famed orchestra leader, is conducting a music appreciation course at Carnegie Institute of Technology.
The first faculty of the University of Alabama was composed of only five men.
SOFTBALL. Tuesday, October 11 Diamond _ 1— Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 2— Ward 7 vs. Ward 1. 8—Ward IIX vs. Ward 4. 4—^Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. 6—Ward 10 °vs. Ward 12. 6— ^Ward 6 vs. Ward 8. 7— Ward 11 vs. Ward 13. 8— ^Ward 9 vs. Ward IX. ■ 9—Ward 16 vs. Ward 7X. 10— Ward 2X vs. Ward lOX. 11— Ward 14 vs. Ward 3. 12— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 3. 18—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 9. 14—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6. 16—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 10. 16— Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. 17— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 18— Phi Kappa vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. TOUCHBALL Practice Games Tuesday, October 11 Field Official 1— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha Chaffee 2— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Foster 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi Chapman 4— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon Boyer 6—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Ejsilon Phi Troyer 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Chi ' , Weijola 7— Theta Tau vs. Triangle Krick 8— Theta Xi vs. Phi Kapiw Psi J. Doland TENNIS Tuesday, October 11 All Campus Powell vs. Frye or Deutman. Klein vs. Darner or Lucht Junior-Senior Miller vs. Monger or Fulwider.
Freshman Aquatic For Drill; Touchball
Squad To Report Games To Start
'Chief' Clevelt Ms For Students To Referee Fraternity and ward touchball tournament will be inaugurated at 4 o’clock today with the initial session on Russell Field. Eight fields are laid out at present, and others will be ready for use when the softball tournament ends, according to Chief Clevett, intramural director. Additional officials for these contests must be arranged for as soon as possible, Clevett stated. Any student who wishes to officiate may register today in the intramural office. Experienced men are desired although experience is not positively necessary.
/
A winsome young lady from Barrow Hated ties that were stringy and narrow, But she’d fall for the gents Who showed thrift and good sense And always wore neckwear by Arrow.
AilllOW TIES ARE SMART SEE THIS WEEK’S POST page 92
'tl /a\
Read the story of-and by “PUDGE” HEFFELFINGER All-Time, All-American Guard..
■
The one and only “Hefi,” o railed “the greatest sometimes c^llea football player of all tim , 8 lights his fifty years (yes, w stats. Vou’ll enjoy every Ls story Itotn the-n who malrni tta%ale Varsity-l>eeo.«e It’s on pa^e or y week. Nobody Put Me on ][iy Back by W. W. (Pudge) heffelfinger CE0H6E TREVOR
II
r
p„AT DARE night, wtenher Land his m“td“S father K ^
ttouthf. rn , Alonely.desperateyonniand comebackwithag „^mtry of the 70 s;
Xr hound for the ndm^oun
Sashay alonR with Doctor Antelope, SpWtot- "T ‘’“"fS? sly, foxy old rncle
“I SWEAR I’LL LOVE NO ONE!” To gain one hour of society, Alice Gower stole a dress from the shop
where she modeled, walked right into an exclusive Washington caf6 and waited for something to happen. It did. Read A Little Number in Pique,
by JOSEPH HERGESHEIMER,
HOW TO LIVE IN U. S. ON $7 A YEAR. Ben Lucien Burman tells you in Shanty Boat Coming Down, the story of a strangely primitive life right here in America
Author of “Drums
by JftMES B “Long Hunt’
’’ “Roll River "Ud Longn
which few of us have ever explored... Also a short story of Near East intrigue by Arthur Tuckerman; a swell foxhunting story by Robert Murphy; a backstage yarn about a Noodler (guitar-player to you) by Horatio Winslow ... Articles, editorials, poetry and cartoons.
f
Inldnr s.... ....choic*
By Don Bailey (Pinch hitting for Bruce Witwer) There were no hilarious shouts of joy in the Minnesota dressing room after the Purdue game. Save for the splashing of water from the showers and the sound of players whispering to each other, there was complete silence. —fc— “We were mighty glad to win even by one touchdown” . . . that’s what several Minnesota players were saying. Yes, the Gophers were victors, but victory came only after one of the hardest fought games ever staged in Memorial Stadium. —fc— “You sure have a real ball club.” That’s what Babe LeVoir told us. Mr. LaVoir should know a,little football, too. He was an All-Am-erican quarterback on Minnesota’s 1935 national champions and is now one of the freshman football coaches at the Minneapolis school. Babe thinks Lou Brock is plenty classy, and so do 51,993 other Gophers. —^fc— You can’t score if you don’t have the ball. That’s the nine-word story of the Purdue-Minnesota game. The Boilermakers were on the defensive for three quarters. When Purdue did get the ball they were in no position to utilize their passes and running plays. —fc— Minnesota has an excellent teamplenty of power, size, and reserves —but they lack a competent passer. The latter weakness may cost them a Big Ten and national championship. —fc— Sunday we travelled to Green Bay, Wis., to watch Cec Isbell perform. “Pinky” (that’s what he is called at the Bay) tossed several swell passes including one which went for the Packers only score. The Detroit Lions defeated Green Bay 17 to 7. The Packers will have to find a pair of defensive ends before they can be considered in the running for the National Professional League championship. Triton Club Meets Today For Business And Swim Triton Club will hold a meeting in the Memorial Gym at 7:30 p. m. with a swim for all members. There will be a short business meeting at 8:30 p. m. for those who have been initiated to select a new treasurer, filling the position left open by Jane Cook, who did not return to school.
Easiwood Impressed By Yearlings’ Possibilities Swimming practice for potential University tankmen is to be inaugurated tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool, according to Dr. Eastwood, yearling aquatic coach. “Candidates, who have already reported, seem to have a commendable amount of talent,” Eastwood said last night. “'Their previous records indicate possibilities,” he then added. Practice Thursday Practice will be held again Thursday night, and beginning next week, the squad will report each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 4 to 6 o’clock. For the first two weeks the drills tests, fashioned after the system will include a series of flexibility used by Coach Bob Kiphulth of Yale University. Ail-Campus Badminton Begins With Tournament All-campus badminton gets under way tomorrow with a tournament to be held in the Fieldhouse, the winner receiving a silver cup. All games will be played in the main gym floor, where five courts have been arranged. Students wishing to play must sign the entry card in the main locker room in the basement of the Fieldhouse, according to “Chief” Clevett. An elimination tournament will be arranged when all names have been turned in to the intramural office.
HO] FOOTBALL SCHEDULE Oct. 22—Wisconsin (Homecoming) Nov. 19—Indiana (Dad’s Day) PIGGLY WIGGLY
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES ORGANIZED BALLET - TAP - BALLROOM ENROLL SAT., OCT. 15th Private Lessons and Classes for Adults Study Under a Teacher With a National Reputation INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
Phone 2150
6th & FERRY
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
THIS PIPE NEVER BITES MY fON6UE
THE FAT’D FILTER WON’T LET IT
NEW SHAPES & FINISHES
.wMEDICO has only pat'd. filter combining cellophane exterior and 66 baffle absorbent screen Interior. Baffles break up and cool smoke stream; trap nicotine, juices and fiakes, automatically breaking in pipe.1 4
i {
' \>
■ f 1
' I
^taoat (Ml.
THE. PintDOE EXPOHEMT
%aiicaJL
Tuesday, October 11# 1938
HEc Staff Members To Attend Conclave Purdue University will be well represented in the school of home of the American Dietetic Association which convenes today through Saturday at Milwaukee, Wis. Staff members who are attending this year’s convention are department of institution management, Dr. Cecelia Schuck, in charge of nutrition work. Dr. L. Margaret Johnson, assistant professor of nutrition, and Miss Mary Louise Bone, assistant in the foods and nutrition department. Miss Ruth Houghton of the University Placement Bureau is also attending. Miss Bone is serving on the nominating committee and Dr. Schuck will report on a committee study dealing with “Home Economics Training Schools and the Community Nutritionist.” Dr. Schuck will also serve on the community education committee. Art Section Of Women’s Club To Meet Thursday The Art section of the Purdue Women’s Club will hold a short organization meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 2:30 p. m. Thursday. All members interested in forming groups to study crafts, photography, and sketching are asked to attend by those in charge.
nfte futures assured for those who qualify. Write qualifications. Purdue Exponent Box J-6.
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight IS^xlSi^ only $8.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Morrison, Vivian Peterson, Virginia Boyce, Marge Libert, Naima Smitt, meet at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 11, in the Union workship. —SCHICKLER.
Undergraduate Dames: Business meeting ' in room F of the Union dn Tuesday, October 11, at 7:80 p. m. All members please be present. —BEUOY.
Triton Club: Call-out meeting imstponed until Tuesday. October 11 at 4 p. m. —JORGESON.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal moved to Thursday, October IS, at 7:1B p. m, in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Notices
Triton Club: Swimming meet for all girls interested at Memorial Gym at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, October 11. Business meeting at 8 :30 p. m. —JORGENSON.
Union Sophomores: First meting of my committee at 4 p. m. on 'Tuesday, October 11, in the Student Union office. —MORRISON.
Charm School: Meeting in faculty lounge of Union Wednesday, October 12, at 4 p. m. All co-eds invited. —BERRY.
POMM: Formal pledging Thursday, October 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Armory. All members and pledges must be present. —DONOVAN.
Sophomore Co-eds: All co-eds interested in becoming sophomore forensic manager, meet in room B of the Union Building today, October 11, at 4 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
Union Sophomore Workers: Our committees will please meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 11. —HRUBY, KANY, BBULECK. Purdue Engineer: All staff members will* meet in room A of the Union on Wednesday, October 12, at* 8:00 p. m. Dean Potter will speak. ' —CATTERALL.
M. E. 31 Conditions: Examinations for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will he held Saturday, December 10, in room 801 of the M. E. building. Make arrangements with the Undersigned before noon D^ember 8. This will be the only opportunity this semester. (10-16)^^ MESSERSMITH. Christian Science Organization: Because of convocation there will be no regular meeting Tuesday, October 11. Watch the Exponent for room and time of meeting next week. —MeINTOSH.
AIChE: Get membership cards from Deiths, Harris, Massey, Granger, and Jacobi by Saturday, October 15. -JACOBI.
AIChE: Meeting Friday, October 14, at 4 p. m. in Electrical Engineering Building room 109. —JACOBI.
Camera Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 11, in tower room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Jim Shoemaker will talk on "Color Photography.” Everybody is invited to attend. —OBLINGER.
YWCA 21 Club : For all girls over 21 who plan to vote November 30. Girls interested must sign up in the YWCA office this week. First meeting in YWCA office Monday, October 17, at 4 p. m. . —MOOREHEAD.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office Tuesday, October 11, at 4 p. m. to Felix dr Squires: Bohlin, Kimmel, Lantz, Lackie, Mossberg, Packman, Maidlow and Delinger. —RICE.
Triton Club: Swim for all girls interested in the co-ed swimming honorary, Tuesday, October 11, in the Women's Gym pool. —JORGESON.
Glider Club: Open meeting; in room 1 and 2 of the Union Wednesday, October 12, at 7:16 p. m. Members be prepared to pay dues. -MOORE.
Glider Club: Members call Bill Kane, for flight sessions, at the Theta Xi house. (10-11) —MOORE.
House Presidents’ Council: Meeting in WSGA office Tuesday, October 11, at 4:16 p. m. —JAKES.
Debris Business Staff: Important meeting Tuesday, October 11, at 4 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. —EDWARDS.
WAA Hockey: All sophomores, juniors, and seniors are urged to attend special hockey practice today, October 11, at 4 p. m. if they intend to play on class team. —SHAFFER.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting will be held in room 103 of Agricultural Hall on Thursday, October 13, at 7 :30 p. m. ' —FAVINGER.
Battery A-2: Baseball practice at 4 p. m. n Intramural field, Tuesday, October 11. —DEUSTER.
PIA Women: Those interested in bowling team report to Betty Lou Jakes ift the PIA office between 4 and 6 p. m. on Wednesday, October 12. A team will be picked to enter the girl’s bowling tourney. There will be no charge. —JAKES.
Glee Club: Be in Union lobby at 8 :1B p. m. on Tuesday, October 11. —WORCHESTER.
SAE: Meeting in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building on Thursday, October 13, at 4 p. m. —CONRON.
PIA: All persons who have membership books and others interested in intensive campaign please meet in the PIA office Thursday, October 13, at 7 p. m. Important. —HINSHAW.
Kappa Delta Pi: Important meeting Wednesday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. All members required to attend. —FELDMAN.
Catalyst Club: All members leave pledge nominations in Lovell’s office immediatoly. Deadline 9:00 a. m. Tuesday, October 11. Important meeting Wednesday, October 12, 7 ;15 p. m. room 202, Heavilon Hall. —CRAIG.
Union Workers: Will my committeej Bernice Beisel, Mary L. Fisher, Helen Fleming, Jean Jones, Alice Keltner, Ruth Lyon, Ona
Zouaves: All active members meet in Armory at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 11. May drill for Wisconsin game. —HURST.
Radio Club: Important meeting Tuesday, October 11, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Visitors and guests invited. —GANNON.
A University of Georgia factfinder has estimated that students spend 21,000 hours a year standing in lines during registration periods.
Television was first used as a medium of classroom instruction by New York University. - .
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
CALL 7828 and order a case of 320— economy toilet roll $4.50.
FOR RENT—Two room apartment and kitchenette. Phone 36013
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
PART OR PULL TIME SALESMAN WANTED—-Portable Division Remington Rand, Inc. Leads furnished and created. Excellent income. Equipment supplied. Defi-
OoUdsJtk. CUBE-WELL For Perfect Writing Pleasure Writes Pages With One Dipping The comb feed, reservoir style pen enables user to write without frequent dipping. Smooth Writing The pen point is made of wear resisting, stainless, noncorrosive metal. It guarantees smooth, effortless writing. Pen Is Always Ready To Write An exclusive flow-control valve insures smooth, even flow of ink. It mains correct pen point ink level- in pen-well. Just reach for pen and start writing immediately. Visible Ink Supply Visible ink supply tells at a glance when refilling is necessary. Another exclusive Cube-Well feature. Smart . . . Practical Styled by Carter, the Cube-Well is a welcome addition to all writing desks Its set-back shape is the last word in modern design. Eliminates Ink Mixing Problems Unsatisfactory writings result when inks are mixed. Now It IS possible to avoid this. The ink supply in Carter's Cube-Well can be replenished by simply calling for the ink named on the ink bottle label.
Complete with Reservoir Pen and Carter Cube in Attractive Box
HAYWOOD’S
Fifth and Ferry Sts.
‘Everything for the Office^ Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4085
Footwear that makes you feel faultlessly feminine and exqnisitely shod with clever fitting effects for matchless comfort and fit , ..
Toppe/i #2
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carion Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Uniois Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the Schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
Tuesday, Oct. 11
1 1 :10—Longfield, J. D.
3:25—Obenchain, R. F.
8:00—Helbig, H. F.
1 1:15—Loskot, B.
3:30—O'Fallon, E. S.
8:05—Irvin, j.
11 :20—Luce, C. B.
3:35—Ostroot, B. C.
8:10—Janusz, E. J.
1 1 :25—Ludberg, J. E.
3:40—Parson, M.
8:15—Kellog, A. W.
1 1:30—Lux, j. H.
3:45—Pattison, C. P.
8:20—Knapp, A. P.
1 1 :35—Lynch, j. J.
3:50—Peirce, A. R.
8:25—Kree, R. E.
11:40—McCreery, R. D.
3:55—Perry, C. E.
8:30—Knowiton, F. M.
11 :45—Martin, W. C.
4:00—Perry, W. H. B.
8:35—Lemen, R. M.
11:50—Maxwell, H. P.
4:05—Smith, W. E.
8:40—Levernier, P. A.
11 :55—Magnussek, M. C.
4:10—Frazel, H.
8:45—Lewis, V. H.
1:00—Oyler, R. W.
4:15—Stapleton, R. A.
8:50—Light, D. N.
1 :05—Lidgard, W. H.
4:20—Laramore, Mary Jane
8:55—Lawn, E. K.
1 :10—Lownie, H. W.
4:25—Hall, Ruth
9:00—Jacobsen, L. A.
1 :1 5—Miller, J. H.
4:30—Rabig, Frances
9:05—Kingsley, L. D.
1 :20—Miller, P. C.
4:35—Steele, Virginia
9:10—Klauss, R. E.
1 :25—Miller, T. B.
4:40—Sexton, Rufina
9:15—Koehler, A. S.
1 :30—Millholland, W. K.
4:45—Lockner, Charlotte
9:20—Lucas, R. E.
1 :35—Mather, R.
4:50—Dyer, R.
9:25—Lugenbill, P.
1 :40—Matthews, G. W.
4:55—Wray, D. R.
9:30—^Lyboult, |. C.
1 :45—Millney, R. C.
Wednesday, October 12
9:35—McAfee, j. H.
1:50—Mellett, j. B.
8:00—Meier, R. A.
9i40—McClana^an, G. L.
1 :55—McLeish, D. R.
8.05—Maloney, J. R.
9:45—McClain, J. W.
2:00—Lauderbock, P. G.
8:10—Mendenhall, R. E.
9:50—McCoy, D. E.
2:05—MeWhirten, R. E.
8:15—Miller, D. C.
9:55—Meissner, D. H.
2:10—Mackie, J. W.
8:20—Mitchell, R. B.
10:00—Long, D. R.
2; 15—McClarren, E. E.
8:25—Morris, R". L.
10:05—McDonald, R. L.
2:20—McCormick, S. L.
8:30—Moses, H. H.
10:10—McEachron, W. D.
2:25—Lewis, G. H.
8.35—Netherton, W. R.
10:15—Martin, D. S.
2:30—Margolian, L. B.
8:40—Newhouse, R. B.
10:20—Mast, W. C.
2:35—Mihal, J.
8:45—McFarland, Virginia W.
10:25—Malysiak, C. B.
2:40—Minor, R.
8 '50—Motz, D.
10:30—Mann, C W.
2:45—Minnich, G. E.
8:55—Merritt, Frances
10:35—Marks, M.
2:50^Morrison, R. B.
9:00—Miller, W. B.
10:40—-Metz, C. B.
2:55—Morse, D. P.
9:05—Myers, R. J.
10:45—Michael, R. W.
3:00—Marks, S. M.
9:10—Nelson, G. W.
10:50—Middleton, R. W.
3:05—Moses, F. C.
9:15—Schoonover, Mary M.
10:55—Mason, E. S.
3:10—Murphy, G. F.
9-20—Senour, Florence Jane
11:00—Lemmox, A. R.
3:15—Myers, R. S.
9:25—Smith, Evelyn
11:05—Liang, Pkig-Chic
3:20—Nickols, j. H.
9:30—Soehner, Betty
9 35—Mazur, j. W. 9:40—Powell, D. F. 9:45—Prusiecki, E. 9.50—Ralston, L. R. 9:55—Reguly, A. M. 10:00—Mabz, R. 10:05—Maierson, A. T. 10:10—Retry C. ]. 10:15—Phillips, R. C. 10:20—Prassa, M. T. 10:25—Pugaez, M. 10:30—Randel, W. C. 10:35—Reed, C. F. 10:40—Reeves, M. 10:45—Rice, R. G. 10:50—Romeiser, G C. 10:55—Ruse, N. H. 1 1 :00—McDaniel, L. 1 1 :05—McLaughlin, W. I 1 :10—Mitchell, H. R. 11:15—Moore, W. W. II :20—Mooreman, J. B. I 1 :25—Munson, M. L. II :30—Nichols, R. 1 1 :35—Nielsen, G. A. 1 1:40—Parke, T. I 1 :45—Parker, C. E. II :50—Peterson, R. A. 1 1 :55—Phillips, R. A. 1 :00—Moan, O. B 1:05—Myers, N. F. 1 :10—Osborn, G. E. 1 :1'5—Paradise, E M. 1 :20—Peterson, S. R. 1 :25—Platt, W. F. 1 :30—Plotkin, H. E. 1 :35—Poulos, N. P. 1 :40—Reeder, R. L. 1 :45—Reznik, P. A.
1 :50—Riecke, M. C. ] :55—Shields, G. R. 2:00—Richardson, R. L. 2:05—Richmond, S. H. 2:10—Riser, H. L. 2:1 5—Rittenhouse, j. W. 2:20—Rollins, F. T. 2:25—Rosen, R. H. 2:30—Rothenberger, E. E. 2:35—Rowe, D. F. 2:40—Rudig, D. E. 2:45—Rudolph, j. M. 2:50—Sanders, E. L. 2:55—Schinbeckler, D. D. 3:00—Prechter, W. C. 3:05—Schreiner, T. 3:10—Schumacker, R. S. 3:1 5—Scott, H. C. 3:20—Schlaise, S. B. 3:?5—Shockney, H. S. 3:30—Sink, L. W. 3:35—Skinner, M. E. 3:40—Smith, D. F. 3:45—Smith, E. P. 3:50—Smith, F. A. 3:55—Smith, Harold S. 4:00—Lankford, H G. 4:05—Perrin, A. C. 4:10—Strong, W. B. 4:15—Smith, 0. T. “^^^O—Anderson, R. A. 4:25—McLaughlin, Mary -4:30—Johnson, Dorothy 4.35—Petticrew, Mary 4:40—Saurer, Margaret 4.45—Wynn, Parker 4:50—McNeil, FL 4:55—Gridley, D. 5:00—Sevinpey, ). G.