.."’IV* *
Lt. Stratton Open§ AWS Conference Tonight
Former Dean Will Speqk
In Music Hall At 7:30
Authorities To Explain Coeds' Part In Numerous Wartime Vocations
Volume 55, No. 34
Purdue University, West ^fayefte, Indiana
Tuesday, October 27, 1942
Arf Jarrett To Play For Military Ball
Tickets Go On Sale Tomorrow In Armory
Bpt) Strong To piay Announce Organization ForInterfrafernity i j- ayd' i jc « Ball Saturday AXPs Lead Frats
Art jarrett
Art Jarrett and his orchestra will furnish the music for the annual Military Ball on Friday, November 13, Cadet Col. A1 Jackson, Ball committee chairman, announced yesterday. The entire Union Building" will be reserved for those attending" the dance and dancing" will last I'rom !) to I in both ballrooms. Special 2 o’clock hours havoibcon granted to the coeds for
tl\e occasion.
War Stamp Corsages With its theme based upon campus military activities during wartime, the Ball thi.s year will feature the wearing ol" war stamp corsages in place of the usual lloral pdoi'nments. Decorations will include displays of military equipment now being used for instructional purposes on the campus, along with the winning design suggestions fiom the recent decoration contest. Tickets for the Ball will be placed on sale in the Armory tomorrow and Thursday for all advanced ROTC and band .students, on Friday for all basic military and band students and on Monday for all regular junior and senior student,s. Remaining tickets will be available to all students and faculty members next Tuesday in the Ca.shier’s Office in the Executive Building. 900 tickets will be sold for .$2.50, including tax. Vocalist As Well As Leader 'Art Jarrett will feature Tom Morgan and Jim Sullivan as vocalists. Most of his band were formerly members of the late Hal Kemp’s orchestra. Equally famous as a vocalist as (See MILITARY BADL, page, 4)
Lighted Frat Pins To Hang Froni Walls
Triangles Take Second Place Honors; Pi Phi's Top Sororities
. . he and his band will supply rhythm at the Military Bali on November 1 3.
Newman Club To Hold
■ Frolic
Friday In Union
Foresters' Society To Hold Sectional c ' ' i. ‘ Meeting This Week
The University department of forestry and conseiwation will be host to the twenty-first annual central states sectional meeting of the Society of American Foresters this Thursday through Saturday in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Approximately sixty persons, all technicians, are expected to attend. War-time uses of hardwood timber, timber sales from state forests, the use of airplanes in locating and reporting forest fires, and Strip mine land pioblems and their solutions will be among the topics discussed. DenUyl To Preside Thursday’s business meeting will be in charge of Prof. Daniel DenUyl of the forestry department, who is chairman of the section which includes Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and Illinois. Friday will he occupied by technical papers on the topics of tree planting, protection and utilization. Delegates will make a tour of the National Homes factoi’y in Lafayette during the al'ternoqn. Di". Henry Schmitz, of the Univeisity of Michigan, president of the American Forester Society, will be the principal speaker at the hanquel that evening in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Closes Saliirday Informal conl'm’ences with the University forestry and conservation staff will be conducted Satu)"day as well as touis of the campus
Johnny Johnson and his newly organized campus orchestra will furnish the music for the annual Barnyard Frolic, sponsored by the Newman Club. The Frolic will be held Friday night from 8:30 until ll:.0O in the South Ballroom of the Union. Dancers ai e expecled to wear typical farmyard clothes andi accents to match. The ballroom will be decorated in a manner appropriate to the theme. Pumpkins and corn shocks will add to the Hallowe’en atmosphere. Band Features Johnson’s band will feature two colored boys, Ernest McGee, as drummer, and Bob Crowe on the trumpet. Buz Rawling.s on the tenor sax is reputed to be the band’s stalwait on the sweet and smooth side. Tickets for the Barnyard Frolic are being sold by members of the Newman Club and will be available outside of the Sweet Shop Wednesday, Thursday and Friday afternoons. Pi iec of the tickets is $1.10.
Fraternities will forget all their little differences when they dance together at the Interfraternity Ball Saturday from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. The dance is to be infoi’inal according to Bob Olsen, chairman of the social committee of the Interfraternity Presidents Council. Music will be furnished by Bob Strong and his orchesti-a with “The Strong Appeal.’’ The orchestra was originally a radio band designed to play for the commercials, “Showboat” and “Uncle Walter’s Doghouse.” However, such places as the Shei'inan Hotel, the Blackhawk Restaurant, the Edgewater Beach Hotel and the Aragon and Trianon Ballrooms in Chicago began featuring the versatile Strong style. Versatile Outfit Strong’s oi'chestra is not a .swing band although it contains a small swing unit oalled “The Wreckin' Ciow.” Rather, it is a versatile band which can play anything from ballads to boogie-woogie, rhumbas tb waltzes. Bob Strong himself has written some character songs .such as “Fluid Drive,” “Rifl’-Raff,” and “Sho\V Boat Stomp.” “That’s All, Brother” is a novelty piece in which several members of the band are given a chance to strut their stuff solo, and then are put back in their places when the othei members suddenly shout, “That’s all, brother.” Pins Form Decorations The key of the Interfraternity President.s’ Council will be featured on the backdrop while lighted pins front the thirty-six fraternities will hang peacefully side by side on the ballroom walls. Each fraternity man will pay fifty cents for a ticket, and tickets will not be on sale at the door.
3.89 is the average student index for the summer term of 1942, with Alpha Chi Rho leading the fraternities and Pi Beta Phi the top sorority, (jary Hall South Unit D leads the men’s residence halls, and Wood Hall leads the women’s. Luna House and Ann Tweedale House were top in scholastic honors for the men’s and women’s cooperative houses, respectively. Coeds have the honors over the men with an average index of 4.10 while the men’s is 3.86.
“Work to Win’’ will provide the theme for the vocational conference for all women .students of the University. The conference, which is sponsored by Associated Women Students, will be opened officially tonight with an all-University convocation at 7:30 p. m. in the Hall of Music. The keynote speaker of the conference is Lieut. Dorothy C. Stratton, leader of the WAVES (Women Appointed for Volunteer Emergency Service) school in Madison, Wis. Lieut. Stratton will describe in detail the purpose and functioning of this new field opening to women. Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will welcome the visiting speakers and conference guests to the campus. The Concert Choir,
Lt. D. C. Stratton
YWCA Plans Four Revisions In Constitution
Recently YWCA made seveial revi.sion.s in ite constitution which must be voted upon by all members of the organization before they become a permanent part of the 1942 laws. Approximately a month from this week, the exact date to be announced later, all members of this coed activity will go to the “YW” offices on the second floor of the Union, and vote on the amendments. It has been suggested by Vivian Peterson, president of the group, that all coeds belonging to YWCA keep this story for future reference and consideration. The old articles and the corrections are as follows: Article III, Section 4, Associate Membership—Any woman who is in sympathy with the purpose of the Association and who interests herself i^its work may become an as-
Also in comparison, the organized men and women have a higher record than the un-or-gan ized. Leaving out tho.se organizations which did not submit lists of their indices, the top half of the fraternities, sororities, honoraries, and halls and cooperative houses are listed. The top seventeen fraternities follow: Alpha Chi Rho, 4.49; Triangle, 4.46; Alpha Gamma Rho, 4.45; Phi Sigma Kappa, 4.42; Alpha Sigma Phi, 4.30; Beta Theta Pi, 4.23; Tau Epsilon Phi, 4:13; Sigma Nu, 4.09; Pi Kappa Alpha, 4.08; Delta Tau Delta, 4.06; Phi Gamma Delta, 4.05; Delta Chi, 3.98; Beta (See CAMPyS INDEX, page 4)
. . . former Dean of Women at the University, who will keynote the AWS Vocational Conference tonight.
directed by A. P. Stewart, will sing at the opening convocation. The conference, which will continue through tomorrow, will be addressed by outstanding women leaders in sixteen different types of vocations. The speakers will stress the change.s which have occurred in their particular field due to the war, and will indicate its anticipated statu.s after the war. All coeds attending the sessions will be officially excused from classes. Copies of the program will be distributed at the Music Hall tonight and will be available at the information desk in the Great Hall of the Union tomoiTow. The feature of the Wednesday afternoon program will be addresses by WAAC representative Lt. Charlotte Schuman and Lt. Gertrude Pratt, both of the recruiting office in Indianapolis. (See AWS CONFERENCE, page 4)
Scabbard And Blade To Celebrate Founding Today
sociate" member. Any woman who' is in sympathy
Debris Now On Sale At Sweet Shop, West Desk Of Union
PI A Bowling Meet
Will Begin Next Tuesday Evening
and local points of intere.sl.
Keegan, Former Grid Star, Dies Suddenly
The PIA bowling tournament will begin next Tuesday evening with PIA membeis only eligible for membership on teams. All gam.es will be played off on Tuesday, Thursiiay and Saturday evening. A .small fee of .50e for each team that plans to enter the tournament will bo charged and' teams may be entered any day from 4 to 5:30 p. m. at the PIA office located on the second floor of the Union. A limit of 22 has been set for the number of team.s entering. Eliminations in the touiney will 1)0 made on the ba.si.s of number of games won dining the fir.st six weeks of competition and the playoff.s will take place in the seventh week. Tliosi' six teams Wliich have survived the first six weeks’ elimination will comprise the members of (he playoff’. Pi izes for the members of the winning team will b(‘ five gold keys, while the members of the runner-up team will be pre*-ented live silver keys.
One week Uom today, November 2, is the deadline set by the Debris staff’ for the purchase of the yearbook. Books will be on .sale for $4.50 until that time, but after the date set thej’’ cannot be obtained at any price. Purchases can be made at the West Desk of the Union, or in front of the Sweet Shop from 12 to 1 and from 4 to 6. Because of unavoidable difficulties, the beauty contest winners’ name.s have not been announced. They will be leleased as soon as possible, however. The Debris will be distributed in the oai ly part of Decembei.
with the purpose of the association and who interests herself in its work may become an associate member and have the power to vote on issues a.s specified by the cabinet. Article IV, Section 1, Officers— Officers shall be: president, vicepresident, secretary and treasurer. They shall, with the executive secretary, constitute an executive committee. The officers shall be: president, vice-president, secretary and treasurer. They shall, with the executive secretary, or advisor, constitute an executive committee. Section 3, Election—The election (See YWCA CHANGES, page 4)
,Sigma Phi Epsilon
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, Robert U. Sautter; vicepresident, William Stuart; secretary, Robert Deverall; social chairman, Clifford Eriksen, and probation, Charles Showalter.
Scabbard and Blade will hold a special ceremony today to celebrate the founding of the national organization. At 4:45 p. m. the active members and the pledges will form at the Armory and march to the flag pole in front of John Purdue’s grave. At the formation in front of the grave the organization will fire a formal salute. Smoker Tonight This evening there will be a smoker held in the North Ballroom of tlie Union at 7:46. The guest speakers at the smoker will be three army officers recently transferred from active military duty to work on the University military staff, Major Miere, Major Tschannon and Captain Robinson. Captain M. R. Spencer, commanding officer of the University Company, officially known as Company E, First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade, will be master of ceremonies. Open Meeting All students now in advanlied military, honorary or associate members of Scabbard and Blade, and army or naval officers now on the campus are cordially invited to attend the smoker.
Tomorrow's Conference Program PANEL biSCUSSIONS 8 to 9:20 a. m.—Chemistry, bacteriology: Room 363. Home economics in business, institutional management: West Faculty Lounge. Nursery school work, occupational and physical therapy: Room 355. Industrial personnel, government and personnel: East Reception Room. 9:30 to 10:50 a. m.—Engineering, physics: Room 363. Nutrition and hospital dietetics, homemaking: West Faculty Lounge. Home demonstration ex* tension work, textile chemistry: Room 355. Personnel in education. Radio: East Reception Room. ROUND TABLE DISCUSSIONS 11 to 11:40 a. m.—Chemistry: Room 363. Home economics in business: East Reception Room. Nursery school work: Room 355. Opportunities in business: West Faculty Lounge. 1 to 1:30 p. m.—Bacteriology: Room 363. Institutional management: West Faculty Lounge. Occupational therapy: Room 355. industrial personnel: East Reception Room. 1:40 to 2:10 p. m.—Engineering: Room 355. Homemaking by a navy wife; East Reception Room. Opportunities in Business: Room 363. 2:20 to 2:50 p. m.—Radio; West Faculty Lounge. Textile chemistry; Room 363. Government and personnel: Room 355. Physics: East Reception Room. 3 to 3:45 p. m.—Homemaking: West Faculty Lounge. Personnel in education; East Reception Room. Nutrition and hospital dietetics: Tomer Room. Opportunities in business: Room 355. Teaching: Room 363. 3:50 to 5:30 p. m.—Representative from the WAAC: South Ballroom. 4:30 p. m.—Informal Reception. Coeds are urged to attend only one of the four discussion groups in the morning (in the four rooms mentioned). All rooms above are in the Union. Complete programs will be available at the conference.
AASE Will Hear
Dr. Melba Phillips
University Aids In War Industries
Selection Of Women Employees
Frederick II. Keegan, I’oimer UiiivorHily i'ootball star, died huddenly la.sl Tue.sday in Wahliinglon, whore he liad been working for the War Production Board. He was in the University during the year.s of ’28 to ’32 and for the last two years played first siring quarterback oi^* the L'ootball team. Members of the family stated tliat his death may have lieen eapsed by an old football injury.
Mudbajl
hoy clarence’ you know
i «as over in the blazer pop corn shop Saturday night their was some wave.s ip there getting the dust out of their throats i bet that makes the sailors mad they have to drink water any more to accomplish the same purpose —MUDBALL
By Phyllis Mann Extensive study and research involving the seloftion of women for work in war industries is being conducted in various industiial plants throughout the state by Dr. J. Tiffin, professor of industrial psychology at tile University. Numerous tests have been designed to aid in the selection of women to be trained for war work. These tests have been designed to select tliose who are mo.st likely to profit from an indusLi’ial training lirogram. Tliey are designed to evaluate an individual’s ability to I ead simple measurements and solve simple arithmetical problems. High Predictive Power Those simple but basic skills arc essential to success in any industrial training program. Combined with manipulative dexterity and sen|e of space relations tests, the tests posscs.s high predictive significance for war work training programs,
Other tests are being given to evaluate the knowledge and potential abilities of women who have, or claim to have had actual experience on the job. These include tests for electricians, machinists and machine operators. Represent Cross Section Obtaining" the help of men in large Indiana indu.stries, Professor Tiffin constructed the tests so that the content included, would represent a cro.ss-section of what that particular industry demands of applicants for apprenticeships. The tests for machinists test ability to analyze a machine job and airange the operations in the most logical order. Some jobs in war industries, such as shell assembly, do not require “technical bent”, but keen eyesight and finger dexterity. Numerous dexterity tests both in the form of pegboai'ds and in other forms, have been in use for some time in many
industrial plants. The “Purdue Pegboard” was designed to incorporate the desirable features of several of these tests into a single, simple and easily administered pegboard. “Purdue Pegboard” Popular Of particular importance in its construction and adininistration has been the standardizaiton under conditions in which a group of applicants or employees can be tested simultaneously. The “Purdue Pegboard” has been used in experimentation in numerous plants which involve the testing of several thousand employees in a wide variety of industrial jobs. The first extensive work with it was done at the Kingsbury Ordnance Plant. Tests for visual requirements have also been worked out with the help of the Bausch Optical Co. There is no doubt that the utilization of tliese tests will prove valuable in improving' our war efforts.
The University branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers will have an open meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 263 of the Union. Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, secretary of the organization, has issued a special invitation to all professional and scientific workers in local industries as well as teachers and doctors to attend. Dr. Melba Phillips, national treasurer of the Association and a noted physicist at the University of Minnesota, will be guest speaker at the meeting and will lead in an informal discussion on the timely topic of “Coordination of Scientific Effort in War Time”. The local branch of the Association has named A. 1. May, of the physics department treasurer to fill the unexpired term of Prof. C. S. Roys. Miss Dorothy Boveef has been appointed new member.ship chairman and Dr. H. H. Remmers, program chairman.
Glee Club To Open Series Of Concerts
In Indianapolis
On Friday the University Glee Club will officially'open the Indianapolis formal season with a concert in the Scottish Rite Temple at 8 p. m. This appearance will mark the beginning of a series of about ten concerts which the Glee Club and Concert Choir will present to the citizens of Indianapolis during the current season. The program will last approximately one and one-half hours and will be planned along a theme designed to aid wartime moi-ale. Opening the program will be “The Star Spangled Banner” which will be followed by a classical group including “The Star” and “Thanks be to God.” The performance will feature the baritone solos of Bill Kennedy* accompanied on the piano by* Dave Simpson. No Predictions
All Students
As long as the supply lasts, each graduate and undergraduate student may obtain one copy of the Directory upon presentation of his passport at the Registrar’s office. A graduate student may present his schedule card if Re has no passport. Copies of the Directory are be--ing" distributed from the University Editor’s office to the University offices and to members of the staff not enrolled as graduate students. —Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
What will follow the solos not // even director AI Stewart can prediet. According to him anything can happen including “Strip Polka,” “Jingle, Jangle, Jingle,” and “Keep Smilin’.” An added feature of the program will be mass singing by the combined Glee Club and audience. Closing" the program will be a group consisting of a service medley “The Army Air Corps Song,” “My Devotion,” “Roll Chariot Roll” and a finale to be selected later. Inci- , dentally “Roll Chariot Roll” -yral written and dedicated to the director AI Stewart and the Glee Club by composer Noble Cain.
.Ai
j' X' ■'' 'r,"'T-7
r
pr“ ’
"« <-f’ V Ij
jPflf^e 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, October 27, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fietdhouse, Phone 2792 Cdston I Phone After 10 p m , 5377
r (Ilf i d I r I
John F Amoa Don T Brophy John H ArmHtrong Robert L Hadley Ken K Gpemre Alice Chatheld
Publication Staff Ars c ale I d tors
I V. Ocl tr A P II nter W F Rofort Ik KWH vsinklo K Rone oi
1 r V. r I S Da^\ on D ^hiyor C 1(1 1 Ug Ha s 7 an I a ler Fla no
Business Staff
I i
1 1 Mdft
\ NNrphl D I John on I Pett> H Klou nun
1orrenpa
t- riaik JanG Ke m
Tlc Purdue Independent
( \ 1 I d t 1
Manager 1 ri-r ^ Ln iffcr
Dave Barla Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
s-'n^^o f
H
\V I
Sports Editor Shryer Issue Editor Kichardson
Speck Hnync Bayne M rphy S 1 !t til Doi ham Slei 1 gt
K cK r Lie
1 s matter at the post office in Lafaj i c 1 Loni,rcss of Ma ch 18 9 at cf )o tat, I ruvided for in ect on 11 a tl or 7td Jan lary 0 192 Th la> I- d y and Sunday morn ngh V r d 1 ally L\ earn r lor $1 f i tv cme til by mail foi ^ 0) loi
hi r
1 tl n $1 oO al dvt t nj, by Nat onal Advert 1! ft } 1) h rs Kei ics i tat vt 1 0
1 N Y
Opportunity
Knocking, Coeds
t ^
■J
nc
ft i <hc,
1
tb
\ lield by men
c ibei lust a few years back, when the the country were fighting for women At that time, career and Umveisity 1 made it known that women were 1 uid as efficient as the opposite six, could take the place of any man and
i ^ ing lob
llifcc ha\e the chance to prove what V c so certain ot a short time ago Po1 c, opening m engineering, radio, 1 1 cn ]jhysics governmental peisormel, h and similai field':., and now women only on^ vho can fill these vacancies a c la'lcnge to each Purdue coed and ev L I “^1 it} woman to learn an essential \ 1 i do it well immediately The author11 V ishington and the soldiers are yell-
rneonc to come to the toregiound necessary woik on the home front
1 c the women of the United States, are
! ] cople to come to the rescue
c 0 not mean iiiat coeds should diop oilege training Ihat i also needed r L iL (lies mean that girl, should un I U imro’-^ant part they play in the
t} and not only visualize in phaii-
1 ill y 111 helpiiit,, but make u a
'V
coi file ice today and lomoiiow 1 t. o'aiii all of these points to Pin ! i 1 1 (\ei> oiie owe it to lieisclf f he attend this eonferenee —e 1 h
V
SJjdpsiA,
Oils K. Albright
Z'' lias 1 cen advanced to the lank ol majoi Lc n W ishington D C on the staff of the Cl t (ijj and It. expected to go on active duty 1 is place can he filled Alljiight has fccrved j (If I cei in St I ouis Mo and in Louis i(i( lc did woik in flood control Since 1941 a ad VIS 1 on aiir j an field constiuction
l^imes T. Tearney
\ F a ^,iadudtc ol the Univcisity Ins I jitc 1 U till ISavy Depaitincnt as missing gjst 2( when he kit Cold Bafy Alaska in 1 u ] Idi c foi continental United States to ( e mild subinaiinc tiaining Lnlisting in the ii i 11 he was on convoy duty lor t'wo years Mill la t Maicli when he was tiansleiitd to sub 11 41 me uutj
<^e mSUIKGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON General Stilweli Prepares For Burma Drive; British Lack Information Of U. S. Alien Move
i 11 cecniiii it 7 30, Lt Dorothy C StratL t h opni the annual Vocational Confern the Music Hall, with a discussion of newly foimed unit of the WAVES t "Lnu 1 jity of Wisconsin IS doing WoiK to \v^in” program will continue G ut with a series of lectures in the n n nd seveial panel discussions in the c "'ll! these concern the many varied ji ) itm Its toi wtmen in view of the wai
i -"tl 11
Tl i.ui,h instiueiois have been informed to Jl coeds to miss classes tomorrow to thr'-iO talks, it should be stressed that cinembei that they aie let out ot their c' ior a puipose—to leain about the le- .. L i foimed )obs in which women may pai11 134 r. Moie than evei before, college eped f 1 ilia CCS aie in heavy demand in positions
WASHINGTON—Most significant nows that his come out ol the 1 ai 1 a t lecentlj has been the con teienco bftwetn («en W ivell irid Gen Stilw'cll in India together with ‘•peculation that this iiiiy mean the lau idling ol a new offensive to ictike Buima loinetime in the lutuie Behind this conlciencc has been a long cimpaign by Gen Stilwcll to convince the B itish that now is the time to stiiko at Buiina—• while the Japs aie busy in the Solomon Island The “i/e ol the Jap forces m the South P icific n akes it apparent that nit too much of then fleet can be in Indian Bui me sc waters Gen Wavell has ju t come back from i econnoitei ing along the Buiini boidoi and loi the fust time seems optimistic Ilithei to Gen Stilweli has. hacked up against con sideiable Bntish ineitia has had a haidtime peisuad mg ihe Biitish that with a laige aimy now in Indi i they could not affoid to sit waiting foi the Japs Lurking behind Gen Stilweli s aigumcnt is the Siiatcgy of 1C opening the Burma Road which many U S adviscis considei to be one of oui mo&t impoi tant piospectivc moves if we aie to iccstablish bases in China from which to hit at the heait of Japan Howcvei the hig question is how soon such stiatcgy may be launched and some milituy lealeis feu it maj take time ^ At piesent ti inspoitation ovci the highest inou i tains in the woild the llimaliyas is .^o difhcult th it not sufficient supplies foi uiy ic il opoi itions can he
ent to Ghina
• New League Of Nfations Tins Buima Road sLiategy also was behind the return ol T V Soong Chinese I oieigai Ministei wno piobably has done mote than any othei one man except Chiang Kai shek to keep China still fighting Soong s chief accomplishments have been plodding the United States to disgoigc cno igh wai supplies to keep Chinese aimics going helping cii itc tlu Council "Of the Pacific thiough which then ispeihip moie unified stiategy in the Pai L ast than in 1 uiopi and finally setting loith his idea to get I eaguc ol United Nations established now lathii thin waitinj until aftei the wai This latter idea may be one ol the most mipoitant to have been spawned tioin the wai so fai Dr Soong points out that victoiious nations fall to bickcimg ovei the spoil Lnat it is mucH ea lei to svcld nations togtthei loi peace while thiy ue still united ly tlu bonds of wai an i that now is the time to begin His idea already has begun to gathii momentum • Sfate Department Forgot D ly aftei Attorney Gtncial Biddle rude h his tone hioadcist lemovmg Italiiiis fiom the list (1 e ifenii aliens the British Governmti t began cabl i g to Washington to know what it wi a” ibout The Biitish were lahoimg unde i tlu iirpie sion that tley were m tlu wu too an 1 would like ti know about such impoitiiit iiohtieal moves in advane so they could n ake the same gistuie to v ud fruiidly
Italian iliens
The British piobibly aic more populai wiLi tie Italiaiib than the Gcimans even though officially t wai and the Biitish would hive been glad tr i idi along with the United States m any more to inde
mine Mussolini
lliweve lile it (i ret the State D paitmeiU hai ioigottei to infotni tne Biiiish Goveinmeiit ol whit Attoinej C neial Biddle wa ib mi o d
• Whopper Tax Bill Thing you di i t 1 niw b
000 wai 11\ I ill
He iMest bill cvei passed by Connies
9 pounds b ounces
Longest bill icquiiing 249 icd boideicd paiehm nt page totalling 105 OOO wolds and bOd Sen ite alien 1
nients
The legulai hand punch rliill at the Capitol could not bind it and a big mechanieal dull at the Govein nent Pun mg Office had to be nished into service The Goveinmen*' Piintii , Office lepiinUd th tax hill 40 elifteient time whU m vu i us li^,islatve
tage
• Elmer Davis
Admiial Land s failuie to submit 1 is 1 oot i if,an i/eis at sum se speee i to rime Davis fi st li biought out the 1 ict th it deepite W h te Hou t o tl i fir lull coopeiati in llmei lOvi OHue ol }V’i In foimatien ha had ve y tou-,n k I 1 S iiu i eoj It have dulhed it Office ol \\ ii Auiitiali in bee ui e oni of Davis ji h i to 11 the (Iqlii at i ; i ( us „o\einnitnl aj ( u-iiislowlul I II
an 1 wlosi inlfunatiii i ei i i
D i\ IS toughest j b IS with tl SI iti W^. D( 0 11 tinei ts who dint th i 1 th Ain ii should 1 nov/ mutl inoie th ui i f v x imir 1 jLie about what I gimg ii JI
tuk tigethei m cinsi i mg Divs nun i liuiiih ol looidrgglii
Howevei flavis i gradually i I ( e I IG , i i i „ gi mild fliseaitfil ei Imhte ii ig iteii it repaid mg the status ol Ainitiein aiiplmes w i i ca e m point He Itpts to (10 the inn thing line c ly le gaidmg the r,tiui I urn tJ Aiieui iii diploiiuv if all I \ 1 I 1 in (V( ( t th ‘'•I if D j I f 1 1 t
to budfa
• Republican Supreme Court Justices Some of the Iniiei (iiek wiiit tlu Pi siiknt to make a bid foi stiingei i ati i il i ily In i)if < i ting a Rtpubluaii to Ju tiii Byiius i lai i flu Sipii iie ( ouit flu It IK low only two R pul lu ms in the Co lit Stone II i Itobi 11 \vl 1 s( V 1 D in t ts have been appoint d ii i lew If the Piesident accept this ulviee le is il nost suit to till n to Juelge John J lailei ef tic U S fiieuit fouit of Appe il in Noith ( lulmi e nly living man appointed le fhe U S Siipiim ( mit who failed ol Sci ite i it f ilion Judge Pail (1 w IS hlael balle 1 1 j Sen ite I ibei ils because ot the lui inei eiy Gom Negioes mil the API whe I e IS he has till lied out to he one ofthegieit piogiessive jurists ol the eouiitiy Roosevelt has coi leleie 1 leetilym tint mju tice and will do so lie lin illv deeide te ippe iiit i Republican (Copjnghl 3942 by United realm c Sj nehe ite Lit)
t the rew t ) ^2 1 000
weigi I K
ly \l il
1 \ l> I
X lir ( i )i1 tl re (I tfit
i I Ills nc I 1
Lite 11 tc pul 11 th 11,11 cm the, li h b lOi c 1 covei iL e u
University Calendar T uesday, October 27
S 00 A M 10 00 A M
4 30 P vl r OP M 0 00 I I / 01 T 7 00 F M 7 OP Ri 7 n F M 7 fOP H 7 45 P RI
f v 1 in I t t m fi '• ell i( 1 ''pci h ( u 11 I ui 11 W nun s f h b Se-l Im 1 A B11 k Retie it N i\ Ml V B m 1 cl \ I e iti jii 1 (" 1 111 n Dll 111 I \1 1 t'a > bill ( U ASMI Rfi c til J h 1 ''lask RI till ( 1 11st 1 Sc c 11 VI elm ' l\ s V li 1 il ( ml ( e il I 11 1 & Pla k ‘^11 )1 ei
Re ( m 01 I I oil
Pooin 212 Umin At me ly S Pallu mi Um 11 I I u ult\ I gc Ui n 1 Re pLu n R n Uni n 1 ) 108 RU B1 Ig 1 1 102 I n I oil 05 L 111 111 I ill (I IVTu le II Billinin Un n
Wednesday, October 28
8 00 A M 8 00 M 7 10 P M 7 00 I M 7 00 J" W
le I
t 1
r \ 1 „t I It et r \ oeati m il ( u el me M
Fi I A I ( 1 i
V 11 it /( 1 L n 1 ll \v t I
Mcii ia,,( ( lie
1 ( 1
Ri 1
I 1 11 1
0 I I
I ) 0 Uii I 1 1 / t 1 1 I I SO 01 I
Owr lu The LIBRARY
W1 ei y
( f
a 1 1 1 1 q ll
pioduee d In 18 I v
le 1 I LU I M
D igL ei e a
1
i tl \
pi 01 e K le 1 te
el le
L 1 1 It ! 1 t
which ( n ll 1 (1
tin in
t n ll wl it
lie 1 e el
n )\\ i
1 1
It (Vl
lit Ul v(
t 1
1 / a
di I lay t! c
1 in 1
t tl 1
pi otOf, 1 ll
L t
maL,c \ i 11
1 1
t
inetdl my ,,u
ll 1
18 I 1 1 i
18''5 i ll ety]
1 a \
p 11 e 1 1 (
tiv
tint 1 e the
) C 1 1
t IK lit 1 IC
nj 0 1 i ll e
1 lele
1 t
Le th tl ( e 1
t J e
1 t
we 1 e 1 )| ul 1
(oi ll
1 t\ ye
ne 1 e till e
1 it y
Induded in
the exhibit is in ai
t 1 I V I I u I r 1 \ I 1 h lu i \ lilt I c it I 1 e I I i g I L e /t ll \ n I III II I I I I I ■) Il Ll V I VI n 111 loi) I t h I i I I 11 1 U til L
CAMPBELL C/KF
f ATt 1 Ui4C-1 Me £ANDWSv.HES
1 rg M V i I tl I n / \
?_
I .!f>li it )tr >
)4* -)f (Sh lull III! l‘i I r< III ri ) •*( ,g 2<i3 I a t Si ill X ■e i'hoiu 15 15 «-
MAMf I l^iFiS™
TODAY AND TOMORROW
An all-American tornado sweeping the British girls off their feet with hts Yankee romancing I IT S A RIOT!
MICKEY ROONEY IN THt MtTRO GOIDVVVN MAVEB HIT AYANKAT ETON
MuiL-fwyySi ~j/7miiamm. ' MAByiwm. mrmm oNimwm.
TH£ 5 MAN COMMANDO RAID 10 BERLIN AND BACK' II Courage Un«|ualledl Tl r lls Unsu passedi
In the slirrinK IVerner Bros Success
joiiiSm"
Out Of The Wardrobe
By lunc H irdy
Pig&l in spcei ll—griclnori hi,,hhghts m the woilH of fashion—touch down'- oi 1)11 (is el cors fo <• uuly i eels ind kickoffs m waim woolly socks' J w is vciy evident th it loimality and dressiness was luloel out foi the cl ly hiidly s iw i hit in the stadium cxccnt tie super colossal jobs on the linming gi ids—they stole the week end highlighte hut ho jealousj g ll the time is theiis Did niuiiie to weed mil i spieiilly informal f cf i ) ( f brown flannel slides ind i doei/y ei i jaekfl on sophomore Maril o Petei se n It was pii k b ue blown uiei (an pin i iiul h d i matthing tan htinngbone fop coat luiiig ovti (he hmil le s A dm' j little hi own sue le beanie clapped (in (he biek of he head Tool a second look t Gii ni Goss jumoi who evas heeled ed in a wood y gicen long j ickcted su t H ul a woneleiful matching gieen felt beiet ind i yummy limbc nan lool i ig shut ol cheeked dubonnet and giecn o/ei while '^h ci i leel i tin e inclh u coit nd woic black leccbse 1 es Into the plaids again—M irimie Bollman senior footballed in dark led bl lek "i d g e n ml tViarl pocket flaps of in under&i7e made it quite I itere tin il ng with lui hliek Idt roller hU ind illigator shoes and hag tvhite nhingii neei line shirt reillv 'n id the outfit a winnei ior the stadium \ Pieshman Join I oi 1 loss mi el fi th with a huge yellow mum peiehed on the lijid oi smooth light blue bo^ coat Undci this w is a tiny libbed coidu ey j ickct ot blue and in egg shell eoloied faille like pleited k I (Diffc ent inatcii il but plenty lick) Yellow was high li,hte u un m le w ollj od weitei iiul gloves I 1 t s \ a Lull nt fi t e aeiv r red box eo it tailored to a T’ then saw sophoiroie lean Killj iiiulei it in her smoky blue her^ringbont suit and had ski 1 shiil Jem w is hatle s and gloidess but had a siipei lieio cry displaj ef blue ‘■itched le ithci Sine wish the coat was a size 16—weiith vipiii! faugitPitPiL e lieshman Sweet Shopping m yellow tan indgieen pi u 1 th it w IS f mp ted I ngli Ivwo 1 Beciusc ol the cocky plaid the lilt was 1 ithei (il im exsept ins lueci i/e patch pockets A yellow open ei 11 le I sh t tu heumjb it ( L in 1 Inowi titchcd c unpus shoes k It tl t pi i Is lit tl e she w B> thi time de ir reideis (we lioiit) you re probibly plaidtd out—hut so w IS everyone it the glint' V downpour ol Scofduntss eveiyone of (Itm wa iighf in tlu swing o filings looks like led pi cdomm ites with „rein anJ brown lunnin! i dost tcond leilallloni e i im I c 1 c nn ii u Iter no e 1 c lutiful eloLhes in 1 w Ollei
SHAVE HITLER
F MROM/F I XPON! NT MIVI RlISl RS
SAVE AMERICA bun
WAR iJAMPi
Il I |l 1 I ! y ! I y U ( abl P ill M 1 It ( 11 I k Ml f ' u I 1 M s I i I iMi 1 y RIiss I, r di M I't Vl 1 u W ll I re 111 R'iss \T i on Will i g ibj
k MEW MaiH
—TODAY TOMOROK— TWO ns?ST RUN MsTS
Gimme Gal J'l' / on Loser i, lane! y A
RKO Radio Picture with Barton Mactana Eugene Pallette • Agnes Moorehead • Sam Levene • Ray Collins • Mar on Mart n • Wm Orr
P,.US 7 he 111 lling toiy ot R y I( 1 1 son in 1 1 ei f m 11 I I\ n Molli nils' WINGS AND THE WOMAN with VN\A NTACrLF ROBI RT NDWION
LUMA
-TODAY - TOMOROW-
NORMA
SBiiH-Mlii nil ciieioMo
r CEORQE SANDERS
FRANK McpGH-aiZABHH PAHERSON GrORGC CUKOR WALFLRJ RUBEN
^ rteMvnfc
^ IA -■
" Tuesday, October 27, 1942 Mimmdlter f^noriii
I** *
Boilermakers Depart Thursday For Iowa Clash
Big Nine Lead On Block in Buckeye-Badger Tilt
By Bob Krieger
;; Ohio State’s scarlet-and-gray clad Buckeyes moved out in front of the B|ig Nine pigskin parade when they smothered j^orthwestern by a 20 to 6 score at Dyche Stadium last Saturday. Once again the Bucks rolled to victory on the strength of their powerhouse ground attack. Sophomore Fullback Gene jpekete ripped off 121 yards in 26 attempts, while the'supposediy ailing Paul Sarringhaus _— — managed tO'^ain, 147 yards in most powerful which has ever aiitempts. The Buckeyes been witnessed here in recent years, how boast three victories, y^ith The eyes of all conference football hary a defeat to mar their con- fans will be turned on these same ference record. . Baders next Saturday when they ;/ ^ ^ , meet Ohio State in a game which J Illinois kept its Big’ Nine might well decide the conference slate clean, althojugh going pigskin supremacy. (down to defeat at the hands of an Gophers Win “Jug” Again inspired Notre Dame eleven by a Michigan’s Wolverines dropped |core of 21 to 14. The Irish were down to the ,50o” mark in the con:^reed to come from behind twice ference standings when they were Before they scored their last touch- defeated 16 to ll by the Golden down in the final quarter, and Gophers of Minnesota. A pair of fkereby put victory beyond the touchdowns by Tom Kuzma were reach of the best team that has offset by touchdown jaunts by Bill come out of Illinois since 1934. The Daley and Herman Frickey of the Hlini conference record shows two Gophers. Minnesota quarterback, victories and no defeats. Bill Garnaas, kicked a field goal Badgers Show Real Power from the Michigan 15-yard line Wisconsin engaged in their first .shortly before the end of the first Western Conference game of the half. This proved to be the margin current grid campaign right here of victory and enabled the Gophers at Ross-Ade Stadium last Satur- to retain possession of the Little (my, and served notice with their Brown Jug, ancient symbol of the Ik to 6 triunipih over our Boileiv football rivalry between the two h^aker.s, that they will have plenty schools, for the ninth consecutive tc say about which team will be year. Minnesota’s confeience recC^’oWned football champion of the ord also shows one victory and one Big Nine this year. Although the defeat. Badger passing attack appeared to llawkeyes Stop Hodsiers lieed more polishing, theii' running Iowa’s Ilawkeye eleven, who will ghfne, with “Pat” Harder and the be the next opponent on the Boilei'brilliant sophomore, Elroy Hirsch, maker grid schedule, moved up into ahting as spearheads, was one of a ti'iple tie with Michigan and Min-
These three H a w k e y e s ■ have turned in outstanding performances in all of Iowa’s games thus far this season. All are seniors playing their last season of college football. Curran at guard was one of the mainstays of the line last year and has continued his fine work this
year. Youel has starred in the backfield for two seasons in addition to studying engineering. Farrner is the team’s outstanding player.
Jim Youel
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Hear Charles A. Halleck 2nd District Congressman REPUBLICAN RALLY Lafayette Armory October 29 at 8:00 P. M.
nesota in the Big Nine standings when they ruined Indiana’s Homecoming by scoring a 14 to 13 victory over the HoosierS. Tom Farmer tossed a touchdown pass to Jim Keane in the closing minutes of the third quarter to put the Hawkeyes out- in front by a 14 to 7 margin. The Hoosier.s, sparked by Billy Hillenbi'and, tided desperately to tie the score, but they went down to defeat when Hillenbrand, after going over for a touchdown on an 11yard sweep around .right end, failed ' when he attempted to convert the point after touchdown.
Riveters Next
Trailing behind Michigan, Iowa and Minnesota in the Big Nine standings, we find our own Boilermakers with a record of one victory and two defeats. Resting in the conference cellar, we see Indiana and Northwestern, two teams which W,cre selected by a majority of the. experts to be right up in the thick of the fight for the Big Nine pigskin crown. Neither of these elevens has been, able to register a single conference triumph; Indiana losing twice while the Wildcats were being licked three time.s. Perhaps this should entitle Northwestern to priorities on last place.
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
S
TMs is a picture'of a fellow kissing his girl in
may know what he’s ' doing hut nobody else does. MORAL? ■ ADVERTISE in file PURDUE EXPONENT
It was a blbak Monday at practice yesterday, any way you wanted to look at it, A cold: wind was blowing across the practice field and there were still a few echoes bouncing around from Saturday’s defeat at the hands of the Badgers. Both were'unpleasant. ^ There were some notable absences from the scrimmage yesterday as a result of injuries acquired Saturday. Dick Barwegen, sophomore guard who has been one of the mainstays in the Boilermaker line, is sitting on the sidelines ^waiting for torn ligaments in his elbow to knit and will probably not see action before the Great Lakes game. The loss leaves Frank Ruggieri, Bill Powers and Pete de Maria manning the guard posts, out of the men that have seen action this year.: Some shifting around seems likely in the line to bolster losses and inofl’ectiveness in action as portrayed in the games against the Buckeyes and the Badgers. It seems likely that Carl Volkman and Chuck Close, both of w'hom have been shifted around like a ping- pong ball will see some action in the line in the near future, as both have'been showing up very well in ddfensive work in practice. Volkman has been shuttling back and forth between guard and tackle and Close has been transferred fi'om halfback to ccnter'to tackle so far. Ken Smock is still bothered by leg injuries, but in all probability will be ready to go by the time the whistle blows in Iowa City next Saturday. Tony Berto, who connected with five consecutive passes against Wisconsin, is nur.sing a sore right .shoulder, but he should be in top- form in a day or tv/o. The Boilermakers have held an edge in the traditional tilt with the Iowa Hawkeyes for the last two years. Last year’s contest was a 6-0 victory for the Riveters which, for sheer dullness, has not been matched in recent years. In 1940, the Boilermakers ruined the Iowa homecoming with a 21-6 triumph, but in 1939, a pair of safeties gave Iowa the edge by a wierd 4-0 score. This year, Iowa has the appearance of being in the midst of a winning .season, with a victory over .slightly-favored Indiana under the belts as of Saturday. The Boilermakers will have a job cut out for them to l etiirn to the win column this week. One of the few welcome .sights that met the eye,' outside of the as usual sterling performijince of the band, was Sammy Voinoff playing the game from the press box. Sammy has been playing a tougher game against a bad case of pneumonia, which has kept liiin in a hospital bed ever since he refereed a wet pre-season game. . Sammy just threw the pneumonia for a loss and left the hospital a little over a week ago, but he was out there playing every play by remote control. The doctor probably figured it wouldn’t be practical to handcuff the patient to a post to keep him away from the Wisconsin game, and in view of the perfect weather, gave his per-
mission.
Voinoff, veteran line coach and a plenty tough guard in his day, started off the football.sepon as mentor of the “B” team, working with Wellman France. France has had to take over the whole job and will continue to carry on as Voinoff will remain on the sick list for a while yet. Anyway, congratulations on licking- the pneumonia, Sammy, and we’re glad to see you back; Dates Advanced To December 4 And 5 For Showing Fourth Annual Aquacade Dick Papenguth, Boilermaker Bwimming’ coach, has announced that the dates- for the annual Aquacade have been advanced from December 11 and 12 to December 4 and 5. The change in date was made necessary bqcause of the confliction with a .scheduled Purdud Glee Club performance. The Aquacade i.s presented yearly by the Dolphin Club, and the forthcorning show will be the fourth^^^^i^j.^,^ ot its kind presented. Aquacade offers a great vaAccording- to Papenguth, Papenguth has . Ml j. jy promised that this year s S'how Will the change ot date will not at- features. A swimloct the appearance of any of show always offer a good the stars who are to be in the chance for comedy acts and the show. Included in the list of head- forthcoming show is expected to be liner,s is 10-year-old Patty Aspinall bolstered by a very good act of this of Indianapoli.s. Patty holds many typo. ri;;tioii!i! records and won an Olym- Tickets for the Aquacade \yin be pic title ill the Olympic contests offered for sale some time' next which v.-ciC held in Oregon during week. It should be remembered the simunti- of 1941. Strother “T- that all seats are reservedkxnd the Bone” Martin, well known diver first purchasers will have the best -md at the. present time an instituc- seats. Seventy plaeesareto hetaktor at the Groat Lakes Naval Train- en by the Glee Club, -who will pering Station, is also expected to be form at the show. The price of adon hand to thrill the crowd. Martin mission will be fifty cents and a was a mcmhei- of Michigan’s swim- large share of the proceeds are tO' ming fc-am while'^in college, and ho ho used in purchasing United States is also a former pupil of Papen- War Bonds.
Barwegan Added To Growing Casualty List; Squad Seeks 50-50 Conference Mark Against Eddie Anderson's Hawks For the first time this season, Coach Burnham’s Boilermaker grid squad will be hampered by injuries when they clash with Iowa next Saturday. Dick Barwegen, sensational sophomore lineman, who has been turning in rugged performances all season, will be out of action for about two weeks with an elbow injury. After making a tackle in the third quarter of the Wis- ' - ; consin tilt, Barwegen was tak-
en to the dressing room with a severely pulled tendon in his
right elbow.
There are four other varsity men suffering from minor injuries, but they will be ready for action in the coming clash -with Iowa. Kenny Smock, triple threat halfback for the Black and Gold, saw little action in the Homecoming game because of a pulled tendon in his ankle, but this is healing adequately and he will be used in
the wrestling room and a new sport, his regular berth at Iowa. Another the Sport of the ancient Roman sideliner is A1 Leugo, veteran center gladiators begins to slide into the who is also suffering from an ankle limelight; mats are rolled do-wn and injury. Bruce Warren, senior linethe “grunt and groan” artists begin man, has a slight knee sprain, and to stretch muscles that have been on Tony Berto is bothered by a “tackle a lovely vacation since activities shoulder”. were folded up at the conclusion of Despite these injuries Coach last wrestling season. Burnham and his hearty crew of Although strenuous activities of gTidders are looking forward to a the wrestling squad will not begin much needed victory at Iowa next until the last football uniform has Saturday afternoon. A -victory been folded away, already a few would give the Boildrmakers an members of last season’s champion- even 500 per cent in their quest for ship squad and some freshmen are Big Ten laurels, having lost two and breaking in to a season of rigid won one. Last night’s practice sestraining. ' sion for the Riveters, held in the Reminiscing piercing wihtoy winds back of the Looking back at the record Boiler- Fieldhoiise, was fairly light, fea-
tured by a series of plays run
Grapplers Will Start
Season Soon With the gridiron season and
cross country activities in the latter half of their respective seasons, and other fall sports also rapidly fading into the records, the Boilermaker Fieldhouse opens wide the doors to
maker wrestling teams have made since the sport came into being on the campus five years ago, and neglecting the first two years’ records, counting them to a season of organization and one of establishment, the Boilermaker mat teams ha-ve been thorough champions in
every sense of the word.
Wrestling was inaugurated on this campus with the arrival of Coach Claude Reeck, the present wrestling mentor, in 1937. Briefly surveying Reeck’s i-ecord, he came to the University in the fall Of ’37 from Clinton, Iowa, where for nine years he had coached Clinton, Iowa, high school teams to (some sort of a record) wins in 94 per cent of their meets. Upon arriving hei’e at the University in the fall of 1937, plans were made for the first Boilermakerwrestling schedule to be held, the following season, 1938-39. For , a “first season” the Reeck coached team did nobly. The following sea-
against a defensive “B” team. Matrewitz Shifted Changes in the Boilermaker lineup might be made for the Hawkeye game next week end, because of the performances turned in by some of the resei-ve griddefs in Badgeitragedy last Saturday. Coach Burnham shifted Gene Matrewitz, sophomore tackle, to an end positidn in the Wisconsin clash in an effort to add some much needed speed to the flanks. His showing against the Badgers indicated that Coach Bumham might make this experimental shift a permanent one. In the ba,ckfi'eld. Sophomore Bob Bachman, -who was one of the most consistent ground gainers last Saturday at his fullback post, will receive due attention in the selection of a starting lineup for the Iowa encounter. Tony Berio, letterman reserve, whose passes sparked the Boiler-
son, 1939-40, conditions remained in
much the same experimental, con- ^ starting ert . ditioning state as the season before. Must Stop. Farmer < The Ball Started To Roll The big worry for the Black and When the third season for wres- Gold in their invasion of Iowa will tling on the campus got under way be the Hawkeyes’ ace, Tom Farmer, in the fall of 1941, Coach Reeck sent So far this season, Farmer has been the Riveter contingent to the Mid- the big gun in the Iowa attack, west AAU meet in the “Windy City” In. the first five games of the Iowa —lo and behold—the lads won the schedule, Farmer tossed exactly 66 title; starting off what might be passes, 26 of which were dropped called the first Boilermaker wres- into a teammate’s hands for a tolling season, with the proverbial tal gain of 569 yards. This netted bang. 'To briefly terminate the re- an average gain'of around 22 yards mainder of that season’s work, the per pass, a record that isn’t to he Reeck coached boys hung up a 50- sneezed at, especially by the lads 50 record for a schedule of eight on the Boilermaker pass- defense
dual meets. crew.
The Dust Clou^ Thickened The most consistent ground gainLast season the Riveter wrestlers ers on the Iowa squad are the sophdid themselves more honors: first, omore sensations that dominate the reestablishing their title in the Mid- backfield. Ted Curran, Dick Hoerwest AAU activities, completing a ner and Chuck Uknes are the second seven meet schedule with a single year men that are’ carrying the loss to Illinois by a two point mar- goods for the Hawkeye squad. Cur-
gin; then to climax the season’s already brilliant record, cop five out
ran is the fleet-footed speed merchant that has been making a nanje
of eight places in the Big Nine con- for himself in the nation’s grid ci.r-
ference meet to make them the un disputed Western Conference wres-
tling champions.
This season, Coach Reeck has a journey,
fine nucleu.s of last year’s stars to Iowa Loses Two
work with, plus a couple of very promising freshmen; in fact six of la.st season’s eight varsity men have
returned this semester.
'The only two men to leav - the ■squad were captain Casey Fredricks, 128 pound sensation who wasn’t defeated in a dual meet in his college wrestling: career; and
cles. He gained a total of 193 yards in his first five appearances for an average gain of 4.4 yards per
So far this season, Iowa has won. four games and lost only two. The two set-backs were handed to them by Illinois and Great Lakes. In the Illinois clash the Hawkeyes put up a nice struggle against the superior" forces of the Illini and finally fell by a not too bad 12-7 verdict. Great Lakes poured the punch to the
Mickey MacDonald, 121 pounder. 7,, ““
‘ Hawkeyes with little mercy, and
Everything for a College Education', DEAC’S
WANTA TINKER? equipment- all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
Both of these men were Big Ten champions for thejr weight; Fredricks was lost through graduation; the armed services claimed Mac-
Donald. .
Those grapplers who have returned to the University include Mark Matavina, 136 pounds; Bob Britt and Warren Gregory, 145 pounders; Jim Para tore, 155 pounds; Roger Claseman, 165 pounds; Warren Evistoii, 175 pounds; and Frank
Ruggieri, heavyweight.
Two freshmen on the roster of early-training iiiatmen who have established very good high school wrestling records are Earnest
Natke
pounds, respectively
Illinois state champions in their weight last season. ■
went to the showers with a 25-0 whitewash recorded in their scorebook. Victories for the Iowa squad came from North Dakota, then Nebraska, where the Cornhusbers received a real husking to the time of 27-0. The third victory came as a result of a 33-16 win over Camp Grant, and, the fourth was won last week end when the Hawkeyes tdbk a close decision from our soutbera enemies, the Hoosiers of Indiana. In the clash at Iowa next Saturday, the Hawkeyes will be out for revenge because of the 7-6 Homecoming struggle that was' won by
. T- r,. 1 , the Boilermakers in Ross-Ade St»e and Jim IouLn 145 and 115 dium last season. Coach Burnham's is, respectively. Both lads were lads will be aware of this fact when
they meet the Hawkeyes and a bat-
tle royal should result.
Wm p:Pe;|sonn|l Kfptes Experts Will Explain
Personnel, Radio
Companies to vfeit carrij^s: Beitdist' Aviation Corp., Marine DiVifeibil,’^ Brooklyn, N. Y.—October
26 and 27.
General Chemical Co., New York —October 27. Sperry Gyroscope Company, Inc., Brooklyn, New York—October 27. McDohnell' Aircraft Corp., St. Louis, Missouri—^Interested in ME, CE and AeroE. U. S. Civil Service Commission,
Work Wednesday
Edible Nuts Form Feature Attraction At Horticulure Show
Schedules
the
By Ernest Nordlinger
■'Nutsj mure nuts and still more edible nuts are being brought in every day to the Horticultural Building by University students,
Coeds whose vocational ambitions anxious to win the hundreds
Editor’s Note: This is the fourth
serieft of orticles which will be diBcusscd at the Associated Women Students Vocational ronference by ^rraduatcs of the Uni
>orsity.
tend toward personnel woi’k or
Washington, D. C.—October 29. In- i-adio will hear the ins and outs of
tbrestcd in engineers
and Chemists.
Bell Aircraft, Buffalo, New York —November 2 and 3. Interested in
ME, AeroE.
Devoe & Raynolds Co., Inc., Louis-
physicists these fields explained by experts at
the “Work to Win” Associated Women Students Vocational Con-
ference tomorrow.
of dollars worth of prizes at the
coming Horticultural Show. While vegetables, fruits and flow^
ers will be on exhibit, too, the edible nuts division is one class in which every student who enjoys walking in^
All Campus Bowling Tournament Schedule for Week Five, Wednesday, Oct. 28, and Thursday, October
29:
Wednesday, 6:30 Phi Kapp Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Triangle vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Alpha Chi Rho- vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Hilltoppcrs. Wednesday, 8:45 Theta Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Delta Chi vs. Sigma Pi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma
Notices
Silver Mask: There will be an important moctinR at ^ *.30 p. m. Tuesday, Oct. in room 302 of the Union. +hf»r«. 1 ^KAUFMAN
Escponent Workers: Meeting of the following people on my beat Wednesday, October 28, at 7 p. m. in the Exponent office,v McCormick, Winslow, Bichdrdson, Tyaoh, Hudson, Howes, Holland, Parsons, Smi^.
Enlisted Reserve Applicants: All students who passed the Enli.sted Reserve Corps Unds. physical examination 'prior to October 20 arc requested to report to Room B-4 of the Armory for completion of their enlistment, - GRAHAM
Model Railroaders: Meeting of Raijiuad Club Thursday, October 20, at 4 p. m. in iKw layout room in sub-basement of‘ Union ofl* Student Union workshop, to organize for eonsliuction of layout. All iutorcsted invited. —ARMSTRONG
Student Union Board: Meeting to be held t 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, October 27. —DUESTER
Ceres Actives and Pledges: Meeting Thursday night, October 29, at 0 p. m. in Room 802 of the Union Building. It is suggested that pledges bring well filled Jipxea.
-bray
SCA Board: Nomination of SCAN^ofTicers Tuesday, October 27, at 7:30 p. m. Other critical matters will be discussed. Please be prompt. — MOGAVERO
Alpha Zcla: Important meeting tonight at 7:80 in Room 805 of the Union. AH actives please be present as new pledges are to be .selected. ~ DIESSLIN
Student War Council: Everyone is asked to bo present at the meeting at 7 :30 p. m., October 28, in the Student Union office. ‘ —DEUSTER ,
Triton: There will be no meeting Tuesday bcpniise of the beginning of the Vocational Conference for Women. There'will be an important meeting Tuesday, Nov. 3. - BROWNE
Dolpbin Actives and Pledges: Meeting of great imporlauco to be held in RoOm 104 jif the Ficldhriisc, Tiu'sdaj, Oclober 27, at 4 :80 p. m. KRUECK
Sportswomen; Will meet at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 27. Everyone be present or call Shirley Johnson, 8740. —JOHNSON
Nu.
A<>romodeler8: There will be ap important meeting at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, October 29. Plans for the fpdoor contest will be completed. It ib important that Everyone come.
—SMITH
Camera Club: Regular meeting Thur.sdav. October 20, at 7:30 in Room 804. Rules for contest and discussion. —PURMAN
SCA Board: Nomination of SCA officers will be held at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Oct. 27. Other crtfical matters will be discussed. Pleah-e be prompt. --MOGAVERO
Coeds who have been lured by the the country in the morning, after
call of WBAA will find that they noon or even night can participate. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Lambda Chi ville, Ky.—November 6. Interested ^ave been given very excellent In previous years the nuts that Wore Alpha.
in women chemists. preparation for a job. Commercial picked up from trees growing in the Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta.
Bethlehem Steel Co., Bethlehem, broadcasting has lost many of its wild were superior to those from Thursday, 6:30
Pa.—November 4 and 5. ■ commentators and announcers into commercial trees. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Theta Tau. Bell Telephone Co. — November active service, and women are need- Should Know'Owner’s Name Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa
B and 6. ed to take their places. Girls with According to the rules in the show Western Electric and Bell Labs— dramatic or singing talent can also catalog, “the purpose of the nut Work to Win by keeping up the class is to aid in locating native The following Fraternity TouChseedling nuts worthy of further ball games will be j^layed Tuesday invited to attend^ a ’^eetrng^ the
propagation. Each entry to be eli- evening, Oct. 27, at 4:16
Field
1
Camera Club: Mr. G. D. Williams oC the WBAA stair will talk on “Studio Tt rhniqiip'’ this Thiirsdas. October 29, at 7:30. Very interesting Be theic. Room 303. - TRUEBLOOD
November 5 and 6.
Pan American Airways, Inc., morale.
Jackson Heights, N. Y.—Nov. 9. Rapidly Expanding Services
Bureau of Naval Personnel— Coeds who are diplomatic and ef- judging must include the V-7(S)—for Bureau of Naval Ord- ficient in handling affairs oTorgan- jeeation of the tree and the name of nance, Chicago, Hi.—Novmnber 12, izations may be interested in the possible. Entries do not
have.to be made by the owner.”
Rut-ledge Y^ill Speak To A$MI Tonight All students and m4i^B6I’S of the Mechanical Engineering staff are
Sigma Delta Psi: All men having passed spvore test., and who wish to be initiated must attend this meeting Thursday, October 29, at 7 p. m. m room KIT of the Fieidhoiiso. , SEATON
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, luggage, typewriters, Albert’s Loan Office, 107 Columbia.
Purdue Players: All applications for crew iitud positions mu«t be in tin- Playshop olfice bv Thur'^tlay, Oitober 29, at 5 p. m. —GRAY
Typewriters—Adding luachSnes, all make* sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phonfe 2779,
Purdue Undegraduate Dairtes Club: Will have biihiiiU'Ss meeting at 7:30 j). rn. in the Union today. KORTE
Lost—A gold Elgin wrist watch. See or call R. A. Robinson, 416 N. Chauncey. Phone 6028.
13 and 14. Interested in December rapidly expanding government ME> EE, CE, and ChE. services. The war effort lias an apJoint Recruiting Board—Army, parently unlimited capacity for
Navy, Marine Corps-Coast GuardColumbus, Ohio—Nov. 17 and 18.
girls with training in economics, statistics, social services, engineer-
ing and management.
America’s war production program and the myriad prolilem.s rising from it have created a huge demand for women who are trained to understand both capital and labor problems. The increasing employment of women in industry will make problems which only a woman
The Western Union Telegraph Co.—Interested in EE. The Glenn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Maryland — Interested in AeroE, ME, CE, EE, and PSE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday,
October 28..
Dunbar Furniture Manufacturing
Co., Berne, Ind.—Interested in Sci- can solve, ence men familiar with cost ac- Educational Programs counting and time studies. The ancient idea of concept of the Signal Corps., Washington, D. C. school inarm as a person who —^Interested in students with col- .yveilded a mean ruler is a thing of lege degree and trained in either ^be past, and the school teacher’s English, Mathematics, or foreign efforts to do the most for her pupils languages. are backed up by the school psychiatrist in many of the larger
' There are an unlimited number of schools. The coed who always liked openings for senior engineers and to soothe childi'en will' find ample
physicists, as well .as chemists, metallurgists, draftsmen, meteorologists, and architects. The civil service representative will be given full authority to accept applications and to authorize on the spot the provisional appointment of any senior engineering students selected
opportunity for soothing in with educational personnel.
a job
The catalog lists .some of the nuts that arc commonly seen in Indiana. Included in the list are pecans with its hybrid^ hicans, hickory nuts, walnuts, butternuts, chestnuts, hazelnuts and other varieties in which the exhibitor has at least thirty specimens. Fair Compelition The show catalog, distributed free, gives details about winning prizes in the other classes. Special arrangements have heon made so that University students will not have to compete with commercial growers or 4-H Club members. If the parents of the students cultivated a Victory garden this summer, the pioducts fi'oin this venture are eligible to win prizes. All products must be sent to the show committee by the first week in November, since the show opens November G.
10
12
Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma Pi. Umpire: lllusselman. Sigma Nu vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Umpire: Rogers. Tail Epsilon Phi Vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Umpire: Bussing. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Umpire: Max Shook. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi. Umpire: Emerson. Theta Tau \s. Ka]ipa Delta Rho. Umpiie: Marozick. Phi Delta Tlieta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Umpire: Hawkins. Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa. Uinjiire: Censer. Theta Chi vs. Sigma Phi. Umpire: Herman. Sigma Al))ha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Unipii e: Ilii sch-
licld.
Delta Tau Tlella vs. Kaiipa Sigma. Umpii e: Pielstioker.
student branch of the America Society of Mechanical Engineers to be helittn room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building tonight at
7:30 p. m.
Dr. T. C. Rutledge of the Civil Engineering School staff will give a speech entitled “Soil Mechanics”. The lecture will be illii.stratod
Military'Bnll Committee: MoctinK tonight at 7:30 iu the West Reception Room of the Union JACKSON
Lost—Brown SlieafTer lifetime pen. Enjrravfd M. F. Kuntz. Reward.* 67901
Advanced MiliHry Students: All students au* invited to altend a smokei toni^rht in the North Ballroom of the Union in com•nenioiafion ot Nalunial Scabbard nTid Blalle n,iv. Majors MeH*r and I'achannen and Captain Robinson will speak. Program promptly at 7:15 p m. ,Wear iini-
Imms. *
Prog:rani8» tickets and all kinds of printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print 3Hop, ‘101 S. 29th St Phone 5205.
liObt—Man’ j-tnld luirnbeis 1301.
silver Eljrin wrist watch with ReNvard. Call Jack Skillman,
-SPENCER
bv movies and actual models.
Ag Staff Lyeicheon Hears Df. Frank Half
Scabbard and Blade: «A11 members who uci’iv' then ^-econd tetanus shot today ‘•honld ripoit to the Health Service promptly at 4 V rn so that they can participate in the lormal letuat which will bo h« Id at A :1.5 at the Armorv. Wear unilorms with ovcriens cap '‘Olliccr’s Ouidc.s” are here and will lie di-tributeil alter the lormaiiun - SPENCkBl
Wanted- You may not bo in the Army but you (an do your share* by (loin« somi* lob here which has to he done. Apply Purillie Union CallMia for work
Help Wanted—Someone interi’stod in chemistry to work fioni 12 p. m. to 8 a. m. No experience necessary. W Burt, room no, Chem Bldj.
Lost—“Heat Engines” text. Phone 237*1.
Campus Index
AWS Conference
(Continued from page 1)
(Continued from page 1) Among the group speakers will
Sigma Psi, 3.96; Acacia, 3.95; Phi be Mr.s. Anna Keltch Hickson, Eli
for the position of Junior Engineer. However, those students provisionally appointed may not enter upon duty until all college couTse I'equirements have been completed. The United States Civil Seiwice Commission plans to have a group of five men representing the U. S. Ci(fil Service Commission, War Department, National Advisoi-y Committee for Aeronautics, Navy Department, and Department of Interior on the campus Thursday, October 29. A group meeting will bo held at 11 a. m., Thursday, October 29, in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Arrangements for individual interviews must be made before 3 p. m., Wednesday, October 28.
3.94;
pCD Conducts School To Train Teachers In Fire Defense
Delta Theta, 3.96; Theta Chi, Alpha Kappa Lambda, 3.92. The sororities which submitted
lists follows: Pi Beta Phi, 4.28; Alpha Chi Omega, 4.15; Alpha Xi
Delta, 3.98.
The top nine of the honoraries and departmentals which submitted lists follows: Delta Rho Kappa, 5.10; Phi Lambda Upsilon, 5.09; Chi Epsilon, 4.96; Iron Key, 4.88; Xi Sigma Pi, 4.87; Kappa Delta Pi, 4.77; Omicron Nu, 4.76; Alpha Zeta, 4.75; Eta Kappa Nu, 4.65; Pi Tau Sigma, 4.65. Top three of the men’s re.sidence hall follow: Cary Hall South, Unit D, 3.94; Cary Hall South, Unit B, 3.90; Cary Hall South, Unit A, 3.85. In the women’s residence halls; Wood, 4.32; North, 4.09. Of those men’s cooperative houses which submitted lists, the top nine follow: Luma House, SCA, 4.24; Stellar Hall, 4.09; Salisbury House, SC.\, 4.07; Dover House, 4.06; Westminster House, SCA, 3.98; Marwood House, SCA, 3.91; Roachdale House, SCA, 3.91; Chauncey House, SCA, 3.90; Bivouac, 3.88. The following women’.s cooperative houses submitted lists: Ann Tiveedale House, SCA, 4.69; Dazian, 4.39; Collegiana, 4..31; Glenwood House, SCA, 3.99; Casa Manana, 3.86; Antigonish, .3.83. These are the leading organizations for the student inde': for the .summer term of 1942.
Lilly Company, Indianapolis; Miss Mary Alice Learning, Mayburg Institute, Northville, Mich.; Miss
Religioys Drama Group To Meet An organizational meeting will be liehl tonight at 7:15 in the Reception Room of the Univer.sity Presbylerian Church for all per.son.s interested in the Relic lous Drama Workshop. Last year this group put on a weekly Religious Drama jirogram over WCA.\. This '.roup last year was composed ot membei.s of the students
Dr. Frank Hall of the history, economics and government department spoke at the Agricultural siaff luncheon Monday noon on the subject, “London Peace Conference of 1945”. He outlined a number of pioblems which would piohably be solved at a peace table in tlie future. Pi-of. Jack Fiost of the animal husbandry depaitmont was ehairman of the program which included singing by the iJunior Ag quartet consisting of Jim Krueek, Ross McKee, Dick Crane and Floyd Bass. 7’lie g'loiij) voted to hold a Christmas party with C. F. Lehker of the entomology department acting as chairman of llu- committee in charge of ai'rangennnits.
M. K ..illy .
StII(Ton15
nl
ind Sloff: Yuii nw cor-
(i‘(l 10 aUtiui tin* no\f modiiU'StiKkril Biaiicli cl llu Anuiuaii ly cf Mcchanit'nl Enpinccrs in Rnom il tlu M E. Tuc'^daN, OUrtbti
SUSS
Lost—“Park<i lioltime jjon. Ploase notify Dun Bkdliui, 225 Sylvia Si. PTionu 81792.
For Salt—'1 i.nnabit* piicc,
uxc'cio, size *10, two vostB. RcaCall -Van” 6028.
Business Siaff: (JompuKoiv nul‘inj*: of ooiniKlU* Ad Siaff and jiinioi Aocoiinls and CiiPulaLion MnnaPcM \si1h Iflu Puhln alions (’oininill 1*0 loninhT at 7*15 in the office GTKMRE
AM fnt<T«‘s^'’d in Poultry: The PouUiv Club is sponsoring a Poultiv JudtiiiiK Contest. Winners will receive prive.s. Training oIass(‘s will bopin Thursday, Octoboi 29, T to 5 p in. - BOOKER
“Yes siree... .
r
Buy War Bonds
Louise Schickler, Chicago; Forrest ^lom the various foundatiom!,. This
Kirkpatrick, RCA personnel director, Indianapolis; Dr. Melba Phillips, University of Minnesota; Miss Georgaiin Schilling, Kansas City, Mo.; Mis.s Mary Francis McQueen, Cleveland, 0.; Mrs. Kathryn Endevs Clawson, Binghamton, N. Y.; Miss Rosemary Lodde of Indianapolis,
dietician for the Indiana University di-sband to attend the convo.
Medical Center; Mis. Elizabeth Simpson Siegmiind, Vincennes, and Miss Helen Kohler, Indianapolis.
Other Speakers
Other speakers will be Mrs. Winifred C. Kahinan, Indianapolis, di-
term the gioup will act as a unit rather than an individual foundation to put on these ladio programs. G. D. Williams of WBAA is willing to provide the script.s, if the group can provide an adequate cast, soundmen, operators and directors. Following this first meeting the group
DOUGLAS SHOES $5.50 - $6.50 PUUDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St. West Lafayette
YWCA Changes
(Continued from page 1)
of officeis shall be held at the same time as' that tor officers of other
rector of phy.sics theiapy and occu- womens organizations.
pational therapy for the Indiana University Medical Centei; Miss Anna Belle Clawson, Columbus; Miss Josephine Ringrose, Chicago; Miss Margaret Burnett, South Bend; Mrs. Ann Sickman Lawson, Wright Field, Ohio; Miss Helen Potter of West Lafayette; Mis.s Elizabeth Scranton, social diiector for Indiana Univer.'-ity; Miss Judith
For the duration of War II, the
officers shall hold office for two terms, which shall constitute a period of eight month.'!. Election will be held the seventh month, and when this election occurs in the same term as AWS election, it shall
be the same day and hour. Article VII, Section 4, Election
of Advisory Members—(a) Mem-
Forty-seven selected men from 14 states are enrolled in a two-weeks fire defense teacher training and leadeiship conlerenco sponsored by the Office of Civilian Defense. This conference opened yesterday and will continue through November 6. The school here is the second of a series of schools scheduled over the country to provide teacher training and leadership for one hundred and fifty selected fire department instructors who will return to their respective states to ,sot up training programs which are expected^ to provide a trained fihe department
instructor in every department in will cover the obstacle course,
the country. The eventual goal is to
Walller, Chicago, NBC director of hers are elected by the YWCA Cab-
public service and education; Mrs. met in the spring.
Ruth Diummond, director ol the (h) Mombc'rs may serve not more Chicago Collegiate Buteaii ot Occu- than six consecutive yeai.s, but aie palion-,; Ml s. Raljih Bauer, Indian- eligible foi le-electioii aftei the
apoh.; Mis. Gregg Mueller, Argos, lap.se of one year.
' M©W under-arm Cream Oeedorcint safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritare skin 2. No waiting to dry. On be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, grcaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to
“Ice-cold Cocci-Colci is more than thirst-
and Mrs. Vein Schaaf, Lafayette.
Frat Steeplechase Run Off Next Week
Mi! it ary Ball
In ter - fraternity Steeplechase, originally .scheduled for Wednesday has been postponed one week to November 4th. Four men for each
(f'oiiLinued fioin page II
well as band leader, Jarretl has aNo been quite active as a \arsity athlete m college and has won sevci'al
(f) Vacancies may be filled by memhei^ of the Board but customaiily are to be filled at the usual siiring ekclion by the cabinet. (a) Members aie elected by the VWCA cabinet at the tune a vacancy occurs. (b) Members may serve not more
quenching. Yes siree. I}’s refreshing. There’s on art in ifs making. There’s know-how in ifs
production. The only thing like Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola itself. Nobody else can duplicate il.'
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY Coca Cola Bottling Co., of Lafayette, Ind., at fith and Salem Sts.
teimi.s cups. He has been vocalist 1^ consecutive tei ms, but are
have 15,000 fire department instructors. Second In Series The school was launched at Penn State, then came to the University. ■It will then go on to Oklahoma A. & M. and will finishme at Stanford. The instructors fii'r the school are Prof. W. F. Heisler of Oklahoma •A. & M., and Emmett Cox of the Office of Civilian Defense. Four Indiana Trainees
with additional yardage being added to make the distance for each man
total one-half mile.
Over on the golf side of the fence, ('oombs. Sigma Chi, will pair off with Culbertson, Phi Kappa Sigma, in the championship flight. In tlie “A” flight, Iloffer, Phi Kappa P.si, will meet the winner of the match between Brebiier, Beta Theta Pi, and Sweeney, Kappa Sigma. In the “B” flight, Mansfield, Theta Xi, will face ituffin. Delta Upsilon. Myeps, Sigma Chi, will meet Nygren, Theta
for tlie oicheslias of 'Ted Weems and Eai 1 Bin tnett, and his newly organized band sfiecializos in ihe sweet ibyllini winch made Ihe oiiginal Hal Kemp orchosiia I'auious. 'The war stani]) corsages which will bo in order for the Ball can be ordered upon purchase of the ticket and paid j'or and obLainod at the cashier’s office vheii the dance programs are made available.
(digihle for le-elecLion after ihe lapse of Hus pel ioil. (( ) Vaeaiieies may b(< Idled by membi'is of Ibe Board bul ciisiomaiily are to be (died at lime of election by the cabinet. A copy of the amendmeiiL.s of the coii'-tiLuiioii and iheii jiropo.sed cbaiiges as ajipeai here will bo posted III Iho V'W(',\ ollice bulletin,
boai d.
Enrollment by states in the school Chi, in the “C” flight. Martin,
is as follows: Alabama, 3; Florida, 3; Georgia, 2; Illinois, 9; Kentucky, 2; Mississippi, 2; Michigan, 5; North Carolina, 3; Ohio, 7; Tennessee, 2; South Carolina, 2; Wisconsin, 3; West Virginia, 2, and Indiana, 4.
DeltaGamma
Acacia, will face Reeves, Delta 'Tau Delta, in the “D” flight. .lumping to touchball we find Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Psi, and Pi Iflippa Alpha all tied for first place with throe victoiios. 'TheLa Tau, Plii Delta Theta, Aljiha Tau Omega, .Sigma Phi Eiisilon and Phi Gamma Dcdta have each won two ganie.s.
. , . ,A(Dcia\l sorority, ?innounces the initiation on October 18 of Pat Chessman, Chicago, and Ruth Wilcox, Chicago.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ALIE
SCIB«»«L OF BSlANCINita
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION • FOR STUDEN'TS OF 1‘URDIIE
OeRinner’s, Wednesday, November lUh
7:30 P. M.
Advanced, Thursday, November 12(h
7:30 P. M.
No Le,s.soiis Given During Vacation I'. M. Allen, In.striictor ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
BUSY WITH
yiCTORY
Tli<* wSioIe (‘aniptis shows aclivily ol’ War Work — for ediiralioiiai Iraiiiing means the hij.^hesl prodnelioii. Onr workmen are Iraiiied in Seienee of Dry Lleaning. — HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEAP^Ell) RECIJIARIY —
Crown Laundry
FINE CLEANERS Top ol Ihe Hill
OF FINE CLOTHES — On the Corner
V fill
I 'I