'i - ■■ ■■■
If:;' ■■ , ttsMIWfU ■ ' '■
P-
ipi®[S#|;'.
j..|{<v*;^;;:^f;::';v.-■'v:i/.; ' . ■ ,, ''li^ttif^IpblMrs* Vi#Ws
iiiap^ieN0.;^ix)2
I
West Lafeyette, Indiana
Tuesday, iaAiirdWj#'#/'
^^y vPh'jl Johnson, ,, £ipbnet|t Sports Editor ''frhe^5f '"just wouldn't go in. TKey boliineed, rimmed, rolled '||:|#^|*Pcjc.Up,A^ got ^itiBcjced b'aclf out of the net by defi^nnive arms. But they just jirduTdn’t go in. Therein lies thi filtpty, Ifinnesota 46, Purdue'BO.. in: a torrid ball hawking It^a the latihy Golden Gophferi^ roihpbd oft’ to an early first l3iali||'lead ,last pight in the Fiahibouae/while the Boiler-^^m-were^mlssing them by droyea add then took the game iiito thair QWh; style of play to handle, it just the way they tvahted i'b vh® of-the way. Spirited s^*?bnd :half sjJurts on thd;h^t,^di the lighG Boilermdkiets werd/i cbplfy, smashed due hj/’’ the smooth passing,' waiting game of the t attack of the llijfihe^otk; Ihda worked like it Y^^tuhiiieated with graphite, : their shots with delibci’;|,te„,oase.. I|y' glJttihg the advaiit“k4low, .“wait fpr breiS*’ of’aluhd, taking no shots’that Wej'oii’t lay-in^, and eon--tijollihl; f^js hail a good portion of tt^nhe.:-' ' y^aey tobk Qhiytaa oven (lyc shots fferii tji'e'hfehkt% vest of their 46 ■ 6ti|;Piil^ticg?j^.:jtihy \|n<lei‘-the-basket tyi>e. )TiWd hf '0oh'longs were good aa;i^y^lI/'a8, H^ oif their short shots fdi';tt ■^erfeptogc Aof 4h.3 percent, iW- highest 'ever amassed ;hy/hi|iti^^'hih'^-evs jnhde this un-. httlioyhhiy = d.W Boiler-. wev'h'hhh to ,of 70 for a, yetyrnhidiheiy^^ki' percehti Neithei' t^ip/'Wak offtettht/ the foul biiyy^tbe Boilevlriiiakers ihuldng 7 of 4l percent and the ilpp^eifB ^ of .17 for 47 pej'cent. j ' Cajjitaih' Don , Blanken got 11 poj^ah*/th- k^tl- the loser’s scoring, fdiioWdtlv, W luckless Frosty SphpyyJ with 8; Ilalidy Don Mattson Was'';the ;high ,,points man of the «vei^|hgj .'getting 'four and four foi' 12-, points.'/:',:,; Slow .Sia'i’t;.' ■' ifke .gairte -eta.rted slow with the Qophefy'gettnig/a 4-0 lead before the b'Bsiitejt quit batting them out for Mentee, Sprowl dnd Blanken and the Boildrinaker captain broke the ice ■v^i;h,-a tip,dp,; The score ran along oyyn’ leyhn; basis until the Gophers beg'hn . a scoring spree with three : I , , page 3) 'ilxFliili.il«;fitifusiness Staff' 'meeting of all iS||ibbbi's/of:coed and advertising /st'difdijl 'tuesdiay, Jan. 27 at -of. staff
, Yon^ thj.ri,|;:a blgTon basketball coa;^h wonlcl ^efc enough of the hard
j loster, Lonborg lake Busman's Piaysiwp To Hold caiiouis
For 'Beyond The Horizon' Workers Today At 4 P. M. Playshop urges all students interested in ci'cw work to attend the callouts to be held at 4 p.m. today in Fowler Hal! for workers on “Be-
yond the Horizon.”
“Beyond the Horizon,” recently cast and scheduled for showing the first week in March, will need: a large number of backstage workers to build scenery and perform necessary operations in the pi'oduc-
tion of a play.
Besides stage workers for building scenery, students will be needed on makeup, sound and costume crews. Others will be needed to operate lights, Bin! move props into po,sjtion on the stage.
mV*V.** #p/- V_'‘^VMfOyy J
tirtiBie./iV^es^tbrh Gopference mentors ^!(tirig: .k'v ji.aartjap's holiday last
,^ln .Golden Goph-
ers jSnat^i.^Miti.'b^rd-earned victory /r'Th®: 'thrc,b yieitprs were Dutch 4yp/b 0 r g.f' ::Nprthwestei-n; Doug illUlb, ..lilinoia* Rh‘l Harold “Bud” P^tpr, Wjaebnaib; ''
Not.A'Uj[n:i?)yfn.
,, Slhce ihb Wildcats, Illini and . f'T^ht the
'of those teams
all,/chose to personally .scout Piggy Lambert’s crew in order to gain information for future games with the.Tlivetei's. So it wasn’t just' a friendly visit or a means of relaxation for Messrs. Lonborg, Mills
and Foster.
We were curious as to just what recations these basketball-wise gentlemen might have to the Gopher game and decided to sound tliem
out.
lK)nborg claimed that the Gold and Black had tbe toug'hest luck pf any team he had seen in many a game..We don’t ofl’er any ai'gument on. that account, for the home lads cashed in on only five out of 40 :: (Continued on page 3)
BOILERMAKER HARDWOOD FANS were treated to 40 minLites of bruising basketball last night as an invading band of Gophers traded baskets, shoves and pushes with Piggy Lambert's hard-fighting five. The picture above show5 A! Menke and the Gophers' tall guard, Ajax, soaring for a jump ball during the first half. Frosty Sprowl and Mickey Tierney close in for action,while Thune, number 9, and Lind, number 1 1, stand ready for the ball to come their way. On the left, Warren Ajax, number 5, is shown taking a rebound from his deli- tensive backboard following a shot by Sprowl. Mickey Tierney is hidden from view by the mass of scrambling arms and straining bodies. Exel, behind Ajax, and Mattson, number 26, add to the confusion by leaping for the ball. The action took place during the first halt when the great heighth advantage of the Gophers was giving a great deal of trouble to the Boilermakers.
WRH Head Resident Leaves Post To Wed Miss Roberta Connolley, head resident of WRH North left last /Sunday for her home in Columbus, 'Oi, where her wedding will be held sometime within the next two weeks. Her fiance is A. P. Johnson of the University Personnel De-
■ partment.
Gifts from the hall girls include goblets, sherbet dishes, ice tea spoons, gravy ladle, salad fork, and two orchids. Lee Wc.stover, HE ’41, will replace Miss Connolley. l.s.
Honoring University students who aie now in the Navy and putting the Navy into the campus spotlight, a special Navy Booster Rally vvill be held at 7:30 tomorrow night in the Music Hall. Sponsored by American Legion Post No. 11 in cooperation with several churches, lodges and other groups, the rally will begin a Week of Navy highlights on the campus. Admission will be free. ■ Opening event in the Navy Booster Day program will be a pafadg iii downtown Lafayette from 4 to 6 p.m. Two battalions of the University ROTG corps Wfil parade, accompanied by bands from Jefterson High School, West Side High School and Monticelld High School. The parade will form on the levee and march into town. • Elliott To Speak ' The rally program will feature addresse.s by President. Elliott ,and ,Lt. Coni. G. B. Turner^ U.~S.' N.; 3 band concert by the University band, and the showing of movies on the Navy and Navy life. Sixteen young men from the Lafayette area will be sworn into the Navy on the Music Hall stage in a ceremony that has been presented publicly only five times before.' Students now enlisted in the Naval classifications 'V-5 (Aii' Corps Cadet) and V-7 (Deck or Engineering Officer) and naval service men from the Lafayette area will be honored in this special program. Fraternities and organizations having men in the Naval service will be presented with a Navy Booster Plaque. Mother.s Invited Over three hundred mother.s from twelve different counties will he jjresenled with service placards. Invitations have been sent out by V. H. Burkett, CFG, U. S. N. of the Lafayette Reci-uiting Station, and reserved seats will bo held for parents attending the rally. G. D. Williams, program director of radio station WBAA, has announced that the rally will be broadcast on a full hour program from 8 to 9 p.m. Other Navy programs, to be announced in the E.xponent, will also be presented Ty WBAA during the week, s.b.w.
Personnel Office Wifi
Cards This Thursday
Recently returned from a news-gathering tour thiaei|lit Sydney, Batavia, Singapore, Bangkok, Rangoon, Ch^laj^ arid Hong Kong, and returning to the United States via Philippines, Gurim, Wake, Midway and Hawaii, yinceri.t^iSi^el|fL an will appear in the Music Hall at '7 :30 tonight to cela^':^a interpret the latest developments of World War II. a US'/). Sheean, a native of Pana, Illinois, has spent a great , the last few years traveling over the country, yi^itiri^itjie'*^|‘wifL
fronts of the world to history in the making,
report the latest new.s. liy ■.
dio, newspaper, arid
t/fie Saturday Eveiifrij^rl^ti^Ji While in Britain, Sheean’Vimtithay'
w'ith the British Ffeet/rih,
and flew with the RAF jlti'.a hoittlg.)^.'
over ehemy territory. He
New personnel record cards pre- ited and interviewied C.h&rig-. pared by the .Personnel Office are Shek, Mme. Chiang now ready, for students to fill out, ioiis C/hinese generals aira according to word received yester- Prime Minister James ' day.: Seniors.in the Mechanical En- Australia) and other gineei’ing School will be the first ers concerned in tlfte batflfe' group to get the new cards, after Pacific. / ,■ 'yfliich senipfs in the ,other schools .:vyrUes Fictian . LA;A/:/!: A and, all juniors will be required to jj^fore'the begtytuing <» W4 fill them out. ,' ities .in Europe, Need Appointments voted his time to ME sehiors will fill out the. cards writing of-fiction. on Thursday and Friday of this short stories and week in the: conference room of the . Sheean’s most sv ME Building, but they will fi'rst be “Bird of the Wiiderhifessi'l/^ij^ required to .imake an appointment. ,at the time^when, the beginning today time selectioils in Spliin started itt"ie^-hest, may be iriadc in the Pi Tau Sigma soolr fietiqrn yielded ^ reading-room. Prof. H. L. Solberg, the news-fronts and took a head of I'ae ME School, will ad- Spain. Since that‘time fid diess.lhe seniors pertaining to the eled oyer the world dht4i..*p|mfi?Sranew Cards at the next regular meet- of range bf enemy -gtins.' ' ./..jiji:: ings of the Engineering Admini.s- According to Sheeah, 'fiiibi^te.‘^4 tratioh classes (ME 103). Japanese may win Members of Pi. Tau Sigma, me- ate and temporary
have not a ghostly nihg the waL” His
reason for the earljr, Jap/’ is that they are .
hearer tfiejr bases
ehanical, engineering honorary, will act lis student supervisor.s for the form filling procedure.
Permanent Record
The new'reebrd forms arc of a
permanent nature to be used ndW Americans or the British.;; and ill the future in helping stu- Jap Bases ' .9 dents and alumni of the Univer- “Th4 Japanese eah/l sity obtain employment upon grad- numlmrs of airplahe£jiftd/) nation and later. One side of the at: any given poipt caul will contain a coinplele ac- pveseit|;^'»
count ol the students ^^bulastic,
activity, employment, and family po,.tant bases hbw'
background and present status. In which;to strike aL;iaai||i»Jii one corner is a .spot lor the stu- Bmina: they have-in Fo'rmSa^/i^, '
dent’s registration photograph. china bases for attack
On the reverse side of the card is
the alumni personnel record which inlands, with landing^iieldsu^t^ will give the graduate’s employ- gieaily sprinkled across thh l^cl#ment record since leaving the Uni- because of the prospect Wllfc vorsit^ an analysis of his aptitude ,mediate and temporary vicforir:^ lor different types nf work, and j^p forces, Sheeah .d^g^' which will contain h.s Debris pho- ^^at the American people ^‘mustll. to.. The photographs will be pro- steady against the possible iin^.
vided by the Personnel Office.
Heads To Speak
Fir.st step in the general proced(Continued on page 2)
of bad news.” Asked w’hy the British did! rial attempt an invasion of the pp^U* (Continued on pgge i) / . '
Met Aluminum Synthetics
Money
. . .and books from the Book Exchange should be collected at the Student Union office immediately. Although Jan. ,23 was the last day : of the excha/ge, $200 remains in the office from the hooks sold.
EDITOR’S NOTE: this Ib the third in the series of articles how heihsr published in (he Exponent presenting a detailed ac> count of the part the University is playing: in the national emergency. v By Jean Lauer In the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering School two phases of defense work- have been undertaken; tlie first is the actual research work to develop new materials useful in wartime emergency, and the second is the training of men for a vital defense industry. According to Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school, the lai-gest part of the research work has been carried on with the aim of developing satisfactory substitutes for products whose manufacture is new inhibited due to priority restrictions on raw’ materials. Restrictions On Materials The war has brought restrictions on electro-plating materials, notably nickel, cadmium, and chromium, zinc, which was previously seldom used as an electro-phiting material ioecause it discolored upon use and
soon became unattractive in appearance, has been the object of much research work. A new bright zinc plating is being developed which will keep its brightness after use, thus overcoming the past handicap of faulty appearance. Search For Synthetics ' Because tin and aluminum foil are .vital to defense industries, explosives manufacture for example, a search is being conducted to find a satisfactory substitute for their use in candy and cigarette wrappingT One material that has been developed here is electro-plated paper, paper which is coated with a thin layer of copper. It may be applied to any u^e bf thin foil, and has the advantage of being relatively cheap. Tfie process of electro-plating to produce a foil is much less expensive than the usual method of rolling out the metal into a foil. Experiments have been carried out in the use of organic solvents in inorganic reactions. Various barium and strontium compounds
are among the chemicals result of this research. ’Thd-hitliit^ of barium and strontiumk have been produced in this important in warfare fbt s
flares and tracer bullets
Defense Training
a'
Under the Enginie^uiigABii^^M Management Defense *|^iatjag pj^
gi-am, known as
Chemical Eiiginberm^^
training men to go
plants for the mariufactus(^/j|| . tions. Already, 150 stq4ctdia.-^
been trained in six
a course evolved in with the United States This training is undet
ei'al ditbetion of
head of the ESMBT- G' who was sent arot^ tcjAj Qus government arse^s/fi to prepare him for instrneG’ type of work, is tl|v
structor. Specific
ture has been cari;»^d:i»!9(||^1|,: and in Indiafiapofts, trfiiid If
oratories for both ctaswa' here. .:■>^■f i.
fiHie NieilKflOK MEiurr-QO-SOUHI
By Drew Pearson and Roberts, Allen Murray, Hillman Unite Against John L. Lewis; Rule Downs Serg. Cook WASHINGTON, Jan. 26. — Two veiy sig'nificiint lonfi-diRtance telephone calls pi eeedecl the torpedoing of John L. Lewi‘'’.s blitz AFL-CIO peace maneuvei. The fiist call was from CIO pie.sident Phil Muriay in New Yoik to war labor chief Sidney Hillman in Washington. Muriay lead Hillman the lettei he had diafted slapping down Lewis and informing him that he (Murray) and not Lewis was boss of the CIO. Mui ray read Hillman the lettei for his appioval and suggestions. This was the first time in more than a >ear that Murray had sought out Hillman’s coun.‘iel and support. Only a few weeks before. Murraj had taken an indirect syyipe at Hillman by urging the President to place all yvar labor actiyities in the Labor Department. For months mutual friends of the tyyo leaders had labored unsuccessfully to establish a basis of cordial yvorking relations betyyeen them. By one stioke Ley\is accompli.shed w’hat a scoi e of others, including the White House, had been unable to do. The .second long distance call yvas fiom the Piesident in Washington to Muiray in Xeyv Yoik. This call folloyved tlie publication of the lettei Muriay read to Hillman The President yyaimly congiatulated Muiray and assuied him of complete backing. Roosevelt also invited Muriay to eonfei yyith him at his eailiest conyeiiience Muriay .said he yvould come to the White House tyy o days latei. • Fight- On Lewis At this conference, Muiiav stated that notice had been seived on top CIO ofliceis yyho aie on the United Mine Woikei pajioll that if they didn’t back LcnMs’s scheme, they yvould be axed. The officials mentioned by Mur- , ry w-eie himself, vice piesident of the UMW as well as piesident of the CIO; Tom Kennedy, secietaiytieasuier of the UMW as well as vice president of the CIO; and Van Bittnei, distiict piesident of the UMW and acting head of the Steel Woikeis Oiganizing Committee. Murraj indicated that if such strong-arm tactics were attempted he was ready to go oyer Leyyis’s head and take the fight directly to the U.MW rank-and-file. “Ml. Piesident,” Muiiay said earnestly, ‘T aidently lavoi peace between the CIO and AFL. Also, the last thing I want is dissention betyyeen myself and any man in the laboi movement. But we aie a demociatic people and y\ e insist on solving oui problems in an oideily and democratic manner. No man is big enough to tell the Anieiicaii woikei what he .should do and how he should do It.” Roosgvelt assuied Muriay he yvas behind him “to the hilt.” “You aie in the light, Phil,” he .said, “and you can’t lose becapse laboi yvon’t let you down in this kind of a
fight.”
• Pipe Down Real Admiral Phnory S. (Jeiiy) Land, peppei y chief of the U. S. Maritime Commission, has adopted a unique scheme to pi event leaks
of military
agency.
Land sent a memorandum to his staff as folloyvs: “Confucius’ mother said to Confucius— “Confucius, you talk too
much!
“At times like these the foiegoing philosophy should be applied by each indivimial in the Maiitime Commission. “When di.'-icussing Commission business, please keep it in mind.” Note-—Knoyving their boss’ flair for salty language, Maritime workers had no trouble figuring out what the double blank in the memo stood
for.
• Army Fatheadeclness
House Managers Will Meet Today; Arrange For Dejbate Tojurniiy
House nl'anagei s ffioTh the‘ fraternities, sororities and cooperative houses on the campus will meet at 4 p,m. today in 1,00m 212 of, the Union to arrange foi the All-Cam-pus Discussion Tourney which yvill be held in the first two weeks of Februaiy. Pi of. P. E. Lull of the speech department will explain the details of the Discussion Tourney
at that time.
The topic for debate this year
‘The question of Army morale has yvill be “How the War Affects Us vanished like last summei’.s loses, as Students.” Several discussion Yet many soldiers still have plenty groups will visit vaiious houses of giounds foi gripes. Take the throughout the campus during the case of Sergeant Clark Cook of contest and their efforts will be Camp Langdon, New Hampshire, judged by members of the faculty A six-footei yveighing 175 "who yvill be pi esent ^t the debates, pounds, Clark, a’crack "soldier, as- These di.scussion groups will be piled to be an officer. He applied made up of seven students, each tor admis.sion to an officeis’ train- f r o m a different 01 ganization. ing camp and his commander ap- Weekly eliminations will be held unpioved it. But at the Corps Area til, finally, only seven contestants headquaiteis in Boston, Cook was remain. From this final gioup of rejected. seven a winner yvill be chosen and The stated reason was “obesity.” ayvarded a trophy cup.
Cook thought he kneyv yvhat obesity meant but he also knew there yvasn’t a pound of excess flesh on him. So he staited asking ques-
tions.
In the’ end he discovered that a clerk in the post hospital, yyhere Cook took his physical examination, had entered his height as 60 inches instead of 72 inches. This made him 3 feet tall, yveighing 175 pounds—too fat to be an of-
ficer.
The application yvas leturned to Boston foi coriection, but the Corps Aiea headquaiteis said it yvas against regulations to change the
lecord.
So Cook is still a sergeant, waiting foi anothei chance to apply foi
officer’s tiaining.
• Merry-Go-Round
The Tiuman committee’s scathing repoit blasted 0PM and the
other yvar agencies unspai ingly, but Deal Sirs:
Sears Will Address Students AtDehnse Lecture Next B^iday Professor L. M, Sear.s of the liis-" toiy, ecpnolnics, and government department will be the speaker for the first of the weekly series of AWS defense lectures, next Friday afternoon at 4 in the Music Hall. This lecture will be open to all stu-
dents.
The subject of Prof. Sears discussion .will be the background behind the U. S, entry into the present war. Similar lectures over current questions are scheduled to be presented every Friday afternoon 'in the Music Hall by members of the history, economics, and government department. These lectures aie being sponsored by the AWS in co-opevation w’ith the Student War CJouncil. j.f.
Personnel Notes Personnel Office Majof Joseph E. Mofe
To Interview St|i||Q/s Today For Air Corps
Companies, Scheduled To
Visit (^ampus
(Continued from page 1)
ure to be followed by the various de-
o XI Vi j.,. i partments and schools m getting S. .Navy Ordpatyse Depti, j nn j n u ^,11
the cards filled out will be a full ex-
Washington,! D. C., Jati|,52^^and 27,, 'Bpilpy fleeter Coptpany, .Cleve-
land, Ohio, Jan. 26.
Automatic Electric Company,
Chicago, 111., Jan. 27.
! Sperry Gyroscope • Co., • Inc.,
Brooklyn, N. Y., Jan. 27.
U. S. Army,'Ayfiation Cadet Examining Board, Washington, D. C.,
Jan. 27, 28„29, 30, 31.
B, F. Goodrich Co„ Akron, Ohio,
Jan, 27.
Sun Oil Co., Toledo, Ohio, Jan.
28.
Ninth Naval District, Great Lakes, 111., January 28 (tentative
date).
Major Joseph E. More, president of Aviation Cadet Examining Board No, 1, will meet with all interested students and local youth 'starting
Frank 'Butch' Loebs ... foi mer star end on the varsity football team, ha.s been disniis.sed a.s head football coach for Washington University of St. Louis. Loebs joined the coaching staff there in 1937 and was made head
coach tyvo years ago.
Agnes Reasor . . . HE from the staff of the Martha Logan Test Kitchen of Syvift & Company, Chicago, will talk on “Home EcDnomicsi in Busi-^ ness'*’ before‘the c)ass in Survey! of Home Economics today at 11, a. .in. in t.he .Home Economics. Auditorium, She vuilLal.so give a cookjng school dpmonstration pi meat cookery for the-class ini commercial dempns.tration technique at, 1 p.,'ui.'in Roopi 216 of the Home Ec building, Visit-^ orsiiuay attend this, .session.,
planation.of the cards and procedure,,during class time by the department head or his representative. A mimeographied sheet containing blanks will be provided each student at this time so that he mayube
fully prepared whea he goes to fill today in the conference room/,of the out the pernjaneiit cards. Executive .Building to inter^iaw.and The student will next sign up for examine applicants for' Aviation the time at which he. will be able Cadet Training. ' < to fill out the card, going to the ^ „u,„ber of changes have been room designated for the purpose dn in Air (Jorps rulings sitice the schedule sheet furnished him. December. One stqclent .supervisor will be m important change is the charge of each gioup assisted by lowering of the educational requireat least one othei student. Navigator-Bombardier Each student will fill out two applicants and placing their phys-
Tenith Radio Corp., Chicago, 111., be taken ,cal requirements on the same level 9.0 anH .qn cuciim- those for pilots.
stances., Information on the cards Rulings '
will be filled in in blue-black ink and lettei ed only. The student supervisois will check each caid for
errors or omissions, f.i.j.
Jan. 29 and 30,
Hercules Powder Co., 'VVilming-
ton, iDeJaware, Jan. 30.
If any senior is interested in an ^ .inteiview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cqrds, a supply of which is in your school office. You will be notified by card from the Feisonnel Oifi,ce when ,to schedule for an initerview,, , ,, American Steel .& 'Wire, Cleveland ,Ohi<?-TTCom,ih8' ^Feb. ,,5, apd 6.' ■Wo.uld l)ke to see IVjlE, EE, Met, pE, ''John' Deere Tractor Co., ’Watei'h loo, ifowa—^Coming Fflb. Ij. an^,!^
Local Red Cross Head Tp Address ,21)0 Coed
+ Letters to Editor’s Note: The Exponent will print all letters to the editor that are signed. It the writer so desires, the signature will be omitted when the letter is printed. Anyone doubting the authenticity of a letter printed without a signature, is welcome to inspect the original letter in the Expo-
nent office.
theie was one that got a hearty pat on the back. This was the Mantime Commission, which the committee commended for doing a “good job” in expanding shipjaid facilities. Said the committee’s repent, “It IS foi tunate, indeed, that the Maritime Comniission’.s shipbuilding piogiam was well advanced pi loi to the beginning of the defense piogram.” ... In contiast to othei congressmen who joined the armed seivices and aie demanding theii ¥10,000 congiessional pay, Texas’ young Repi esentative Lyndon Johnson had himself taken off the congressional payloll the day he went on active duty —till ee days aftei Pearl Harbor. An officer in the Naval Reseive, Johnson asked foi active duty on Decembei 8 and on Decembei 10 donned the uniform. He i.s living on
his Navy pay.
When the lull stoiy i.s told' of the 01 ganization of the crack Amei ican Volunteer Group of fliers, who have been shooting Jap planes out ot the ail in China, one man who will be given a lot of cieclit is Lauchlin Cuirie, little-known White House secretaiy. Cuiiie w'as the pel sonal emissary theft Roosevelt sent to Genei alissimo Chiang KaiShek eaily last year. Since then he has been duecting U. S. aid to China ... As Alien Piopeity Custodian, able Leo Ciowley will have
I am wilting to congratulate you on your-editoiial covenng the athletic situation at Purdue. I have no paiticulai interest in the merits of the case, one way or the othei, but I feel the student paper should be a medium for the lice expiession of student opinion.
C. L. S.
Dear Sii : Seveial days ago I read in the South Bend Tribune of the strong .stand of the Exponent conceining the letaining of Mai Elwaid as tootball coach. The football coaching situation at Purdue has for some time given me acute distress. I should like to commend you on youi- eouiagcous editoiial stand. I am happy to see the Exponent emerge fiom the doldiums as the President’s personal oigati. Sincei ely yours, Richard A. Wilson P.S.E. ’41 Deal Editor, , I lead youi editoiial in the Exponent. I agiee heartily with every statement you made. I am glad to see someone ha.s finally stated what eveiyone heie at Pin due thinks about oui football'! coach ? My bi othei attended Pin due betoie me. Eveiy year after Purdue’s football season my father would it'-k my bi othei when Purdue was
cliaige of between seven and eight to get a now, competent footbillion dollars woith of foreign as- bi othei would say
sets. The only injunction the Picsident gave when appointing him was, “1 put you in charge ol this )ob, Leo, because I knew you would see to it that thei e will be no .scandals. We don’t want a lepitition of the SOI did stoiy of the Haiding re-
gime ”
Moie and moie the Capital lesembles an aimed camp: A company of soldieis has been put in the basement of the Tieasuiy De-
paitment by Heniy
War and Navy Buildings . . . Business men on eilands in Washington must allow ten per tent moie time meiely to gam admission to buildings . . . Aigcntine Ministei Gaicia Alias stands m line to be admitted to the Munitions Building ... A newspapei man, leaving Munitions Building, is stopped by a guard, who confiscates the newspaper undei his arm, lest it conceal Moigenthaii smuggled dotuments.
. . With bayonets fixed, soldiers niaich in the muddy glass around
(Copyiight, 1942, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
7
fiwidiJUL £xp/mmL All-American I940-'41 liter at the post office in Lafayette, Indilina, iHl^r of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in tsection nl03, act ot October 3, 1917, authorized .lanuarv 20, 1922. Published dailj except Monday during the legular academic year and weekjj during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier tor $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
EUitur-iii'Chicf News Kdilur JDdilor
Ned A. Ochiltree BusineKs Manager John Ia. Traugott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers Leland W. Ituffner Kuth Rose
Publication Staff Editorial Stuff: J 1' Amos J H Armstrong, D T. Brophy, li. h Hatllpy, F 1 Jontb K G Kuppr Sportft StufT: 0 T. CJaik, J I) i ra^tr, J S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K Bo>nton, Alite Chatfield, Jane Kambdell. Absodiate Editors 4
Business Staff toed BubinettH Manasier: Donna Siosa , Office Manager: Lee Bo-sbonjj. Local Advertiaiiig Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Aecyunttt Manager: W. D. MiHaid. Junior Coed Managers; Jean Frankcnbeiry, Francea Lloy<l» Julia, Maitiri.
Phones; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
RtpKsenUcI for national adveitisinir by National Advertisinir StiMcc, Inc, College Publish! ra Kepreaentatives, 4i0 Madison Avc , New Yoik, N, Y.
Staff For This Issue
Niafat KdiUr: Kieper ItAMC Editor: Hunkinx
Day Editor: Boynton Night bportu Editor: Prater
HeporterfC KigjfS, Wilhur, Ki Dusih. Glahpu, SloiH, Kfkhti Ai k( I man
\ick, Fountairw', Wtilf Cl, Davvbon, Dcmais,
that7 tekvard 'wouldi be^lvicktid out next, year. .Every y,ear my,,brother would Vome hopie apd say the same thing', next year Elward goes. I am now at Purdue. Elv/aicl is still here and we are still having disastrous football seasons. I hope that when I graduate 1 will not still be saying that Elward will go next
year.
Sincei ely youis,
P. D.
January 25, 1942 Dear Editor: a We wish to congratulate you for finally expiessmg. the views of the student body in regayd to the coaching staff:'. In, commenting on your aiticle Mai Elward said (as quoted by Arch Ward of the Chicago Tribune), “I would like to have the football playeis to talk for theniselvesJ’ If such ej^piessions would come fiom the players, the jobs made available by (he coaching I staff of couise could be made unavailable to players making such statements. The reason is obvious. This action by the coaching staff would of nece.ssity foicc some to drop out of school. With this soit of control ovei the playeis it is small woiidei why Mi. Elward was able to make such a com-
ment.
Mai, we also wish that the players would speak foi themselves. If you aie willing for the payers to \ote secietly for or again.st youi administration of moial victoiies, then and only then aie you willing for the playei s to speak toi themselves. Since the Exponent is the \«ice of the students, we suggest that it conduct a seciet poll of the football playei's. “Do .you think that the coaching staff has made the best use of available football material during the past <-eason?”, is the question we suggest. If the football playeis aie still atiaid ol the consequences that may be dealt out by the coaching staff foi paiticipation in the poll, we suggest fuithei in that case that only the seniois participate, foi they have less to lo.se and may wish to do their final bit for athletics at Purdue. If the coaching stafi’ is unwilling to have such a poll taken, we laise but one question, “Why?” We are suie the campus as a whole'is behind oui thoughts on the matter. Will you please see what action can be taken ? Signed: W. L. S. R B. C. R. C. S. J. W. B. R. 0. S.
'Under the new rulings the board will accept the applications of married men who can prove that they have no one full dependent on their incomes and will sign statements to that effect. Also the age limits ha been loweied to eighteen years in stead of the foi mer twenty years. The upper limit still remains twen-
ty-six years of age.
No evidence of formal education is required, since all applicants are requited to take the same qualify-
Ovm'’two'{i4di4d'coe(lswWh'ave examination. This examination
is designed to establish a minimum level which might be met by a well lead, intelligent man whose education IS sufficient to enable him to comprehend and absorb the technical instruction of the aviation
cadet couise.
Examining' Board will be able to inform all applicants whether they
Would like to see affd a limited S5igije(j up j;o work in the Red Cyos.s numbev pf Juqior MB’s for summer. suh-basement of the "'.Defender Photo Supply Co.. Ro- Union will meet .this aftoinoon at chestpr., N. Y.v-Tentqti’ve dpte for 4 p.m, m the West Faculty Lounge thpir yisit, FNeb. 3. ,,^ould (ijte to of the Union to receive instructions see ME, EE, Cb-E, Spi. Mis. R, B. Wiley, head of the .Draekett iCoiqp^ny, Cincinnati, j^cal Rqd-Cross unit. Anyone else
Ohio-—Will come gt a.l.ater date if a interested in doing work m this , , , .i, sufficient number sign up. Would qj.qss pioject spoiysored by the accepted when they will go on like to see ME and Ch.E,-prefer- coed executives of the Student Un- Uiev will co
ion is vuged to sign up at this meet-
in&f ^
lars per month plus- one dollar per day for subsistence while in train-
ably men from this s.ection of the country, with a radius of, 200 miles
from Cinncinati.
Dfavo Cprporation, Pittsburgh, Pa.-T-Coming soon. Wants ME, CE,
duty, and what camp they will go
to.
Aviation Cadets receive 75 dol-
Although the dug^ut now opei ates from 9 a.m. uptil 4:30 p.m.
everv Monday, Tuesday and Thurs- They ai'e furnished free quar-
BE, Ch.E, Met, PSE. They aye also ^ay, Mrs. Wiley now .plans to keep t^rs, medical care, hospitalization, interested in a number pf the, most room p open eveiy week-day from uniforms, clothing and equipment, promising men from the Jiiqior 4 until 6 p,m. and in small groups Upon successful completion of the
class in each of these schools for
summer work.
Chicago & Erie R. R. Co., Cleveland, ,Ohio. Feb. 6. Would like to see M.E, gjid E.E. Harnjischfeger Corp., Milwaukee, Wi3.-:-Coqiing soon. National Supply Co., Toledo, Ohio —Coming soon. Would like to see ME, Ch.E, Met.E, PSE & T & I E. Square D Co., Milwaukee, Wis.— Coming Feb. 4-5. Would like to see
ME and EE.
Uni,on Switch & Signal Co., Swissvale, Pa.—Coming Feb. 9. Usfico Mfg. Cq., Inc., Frankfoit, Indiana—Coming soot). Babcock and Wilcox Co., Barberton, Oh)o. Feb. 16. Wants to see E.E. and C.E.’s for pioduction work and some Ch. E.’s foi laboratoiy work. They have no need for additional mechanical engineers. Western Electric Companj, Hawthorne .Station, Chicago, Illinois. This company will not send a lepresentative to the campus for Intel views but anyone may come to the Peisonnel Office who is iiiteiested in the company and secure one of their application blanks, to be filled in and sent directly to Mi. S. B. Holden, in caie of the company, Thi.s should be befoie Saturday, Jan. 31, if possible.
at scheduled hour.s. All material is furnished and coeds may either work at the dugout under supervision of experienced workers or take knitting or sewing borne to do. Available woik includes knitting, making clothing' foi very young children apd making surgical dressings. As soon as mateiial for fhe 180,000 knitted helmets ordeied by the National Red Cross arrives, woik on them will
start.
Credit hours toward a National
36 weeks’ training, they are commissioned as Second Lieutenants in
the Air Coips Reserve.
For complete information and application form to appeal before the Examining Board, apply to the Adjutant’s office; H. H. Hornei, Lafayette Chamber of Comnrerce; or the Regular Aimy Recruiting Office, Lafayette Post Office Building, d.l.g.
work, m.l.i.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
« MM WMINU nos SIKUSI WM MIMW inMOV • (MAlUr OUKWIM • UNE lOUIUlI
T
T-r-r
TODAY' - DNISDaV
iayar (han ever...
i her first picture /'
nee "Ninotchka"! /
' CONSTANCE ROLAND BENNETT' • YOUNG SOBERi: STERlffiG CRUTH GORUON
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
GREETING CARDS FOR AkL OCCASIONS University Book Store Acruis rr4»in Union SMtiiiiioni *29 **Duc*' r'pplit *40
|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^ I Dr. A. M. Irion I I —dentist— I = 119 Vi Northwesfern Ave, S S Phone 4965 =
TODAY - WED.
DarofloW/ Cporofro Swings Into Action or
TOeBANOITi TRAIL witiv WMlIo *1,0 (Linnl Wllltl>JiMt«r«W«>RKOIUUNO
AND
mmm
JOHN Wlim'PaANCES:DCE tUWABB i:i.us AGUliMt.'rtMrO -s.-.'jh.. '^?KlTUUlld '
ALSO
“SEA RAIDERS," SERIAL
Music . . . Technicolor odd, mogic to,the greatest of all love stories!
TODAY - ' WEDNESDAY — 2 SWELL HITS LAPSIE’S IMPROVING HIS ORAIN: ..WITH WOMEN ON HIS MIND He teaches coeds things they never learned in bpoksi
..ss’a*
/ /f Ji
Ohio Sfral-e Next' ‘dii^$clie4^f6
Boilermaker Tankmiili Prepore For Sportcuift
Offensive Sfar
Tuf^ay,iaiimery ^7,1942
Page 3
^W:Kappa Winner In star Tnble lennis Tojim^
In the finals of the Fraternity Table Tennis Championship John Parsons and Joe Nemeth of Phi K^ppa defeated Lloyd Holtzman an,d Harold G}azei of Tan Epsilon Phi 3 to 0, Satuiday afternoon The Phi Kappas went thiough the whole tournftipent Without losing a match They only lost one game, which was in their fiist match Joe Nemeth, who hails fiom South Bend, was lunner up in the state finals in ping pong a few ypais back Nemeth and Paisons used a fastfsteady game to beat then opponents Floyd Holtzman, an accuiate smasher, and Haiold Glazei a left handei, the Tau Epsilon Phi en tries, tried an assoitment oi their tricks only to succumb to the Phi Kappas
Bio Ten
Standings
Team
w
L
Pet
Illinois
6
0
1 000
Minnesota
6
2
750
Purdue
3
2
600
Wisconsin
4
3
'571
North western
3
3
500
Iowa
3
3
500
Indiana
3
3
500
Ohio State
3
4
429
Michigan
2
6
250
Chicago
0
7
000
LAST NIGHT’S SCORES Ohio State, 63, Chicago, 35 Indiana, 64, Michigan, S6
All-Campus
table tennis single champion ship games will stait next Satui day at 1 30 thiough 3 00 p m Any one inteiested please repoit to the ping pong loom in the Fieldhousc at that time Opportunists will be matched with youi fiist, second, and maybe youi thud opponent at that time The touinament will be a single elimination affaii
Don Smith, veteran Gopher forward, did more than his bit in last mght’s fracas in the Fieldhouse Although he scored only one field goal and three free throws, Don’s defensive play was a feature in Minnesota’s 46 to 39 victory
Gophers Win (Continued fiom page 1) minutes to go that i an the score up to 22 13 at halftime Mattson staited the second half with a lazy diop shot Despite despeiate attempts by the Riveteis the Minnesota ball conti oiling game kept no less than a six point lead throughout the second twenty miii utes, displaying one of the finest exhibitions of ball handling evei seen in these pans Coach Lambert substituted fre quently in the second peiiod in an effoit to counteiact the Gopheis height and ball handling advantage Rudy Lawson and Howaid Hoffman played steady ball m this peiiod, along with tneky Mickey Tieiney The game was the second defeat
Delicious Food!
Why nat make a lunche or date i in Dur GRILL LOUNGE It’s just a real good place to stop and have a snack! JhSL PuAduJL TI^jimfydaL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Sqinuh Tjeam tosejs >4 Contests In 5t. Louis 1 f M L “Chief” Clevett's victory seeking squash squad letuined fi,om its western tiip to St louis Satuiday, after a not so stiong showing in the annual Western Sqnash Tourney and against the, St Louis Y M C A team Western Tourney In the Westein Touiney Ed Wells and Jesse Fant lost then matches 3 0 and Norman Goldstein was defeated 3 1 as the Univeisity Club of Chicago downed them, 3 0 and went on to a touinament vie toiy It was the third annual vie toiy toi the Windy City team, which boasted formei college stais Chiel Clevett was downed in singles com petition Against the St Louis Y M C A lacquet team the Boilei makers diopped a 4 1 decision Wells and Pant lost 3 0 against the ‘Y vet erans while Bill Bbnd split two matches, playing twice in the meet Best game of the competition was between Chief Clevett and Foiiest Tiosty’ Fields Fields winning 3 2 Fields IS a foimei Boilermakei squash captain playing on the squad in 1928 Culver Again This Satuiday the team will join noy to Culvei in an attempt to le peat then 7 3 victoi'y ovei the ca dets several weeks ago deb
of the season and put the Boiler makeis m undisputed thud place behind Illinois and Minnesota
Box Score
Purdue (39) PG PT PP PTM Sprowl f 4 0 2 0 Ticrnty fi 2 111 Hoffman f 3121 Polk g 0 0 10 Menke c 1 1 2 G Lawbon c 0 10 0 Riley 1, 12 14 Caress u 0 0 0 0 Blanktn g 6 12 2 Totals 16 13 ir
Minnesota (4G)
Jaios f Excl f Burk i Smith {
Mattson c
Lind c rhune g Ajax g
Totals
PHiL^jOHnson / 1 -
12 points
► No Kiddin'—They Were Dfsappointed
With awe in oiii voices and amazement on our faces, we walked into the Minnesota diessing looin last night aitei the game, and lemaiked to Gopher Coach Dave McMillan ‘ We thought you’d be interested to know that youi boys hit an amazing 41 3 pei cent of then shots tonight ” Dit it phase him'^ Was he pleased’ The answei was biief “No” He
added disparagingly ‘ Aw that was nothin Why against Indiana we hit Faculty Bowling
an e\en 50 pei cent of oui shots We should have done bettei tonight ’ Then Tony Jaios spoke up ‘In that Indiana game we just took one
long shot and hit it ’ We ask you—is it possible
Presenting of the most well-balanced tions m. Biyet# penguth’s tailk sqtiad wiil pry ^ hd off of tlieir ^ ^ ihter-»e»»t-legiate schedule When 4e$r host to the Michigan State tans this Satttrday jeirenitlji gt Against the boys front losing last year, the Bqllermak^ came out on top by the sKmesi pf
margins
Tie Wileats Last Saturday Michigan, State tied the always tough ein squad at EvarUton, aa,th^ l^yeters are prepai mg for aclp^> l*8|d fought match against the Spartaya
Saturday
Michigan State lost only tVn members of last year’s squad won SIX meets while dropping OTlljr
Fast, shifty Harold Thune, star thiee, those to Ohio State, Gopher guard, helped himself to gan and the Riveters 'The balance four baskets and one free throw m of this fine squad will j’Oinajn last night s 46 to 39 victory m the tact foi the coming season Fieldhouse Thune’s total of nine Leading the Spartans against the points gave him runner up scoring Riveteis will be Co-Captains Jo^ honors foi the Gophers The big Beckei, junior backstroker who Jaat center, Mattson, beat him out with yeai as a sophomore set a-neWy^-
January 19 23 Hie:h learn Sets
What About ^IfSinois Then, Dave?
TG FT Pr PTM 4 0 4 0 2 0 3 1
Then we asked him about the Illinois game Satuiday night “We couldn t even lay them in undei the basket ovei there,” he replied “It just wasn t oiu night ” ^ Fine Cheering Gang ^ The lesponsc foi the specnl cheeiing night was gicat—that is until the lolling in and out got to bieaking the heaits of all Boilermakei Ians Fven then the chcciing came back time and time again to enthuse the team to tiy to ovei come an unsui mountable lead rhoie was moic noise bcloie the staiting whistle and in the fiist few minutes of play than at any game ±oi a couple of yeais It was great going Lets keep it up This thing called the law of aveiages is going to catch up with us sometime ^ Sprowl, Menke Had Tough Night* Fiosty Spiowl was getting set shots at ease all evening, and it wouldn t h^ve been so bad if they weie not so close but almost eveiy one gave a new veision of how to get in and out without dioppmg thiough A1 Menke continued to show his faking ability only to have tough luck with the lesultmg haid tamed shpt When these boys as well as Tierney and Blanken get to hitting heaven help the opposition ► Matfson Makes Firsf And Ten ^ This big sophomore center the Gopheis have this yeai Don Mattson has moie poise than most players with two yeais’ expeiience That is except once last night when he got off balance and went tearing down the sidelines in fiont of the Boileimakei bench, lunnmg like a wild de 1 ailed engine The big Gophei lad kicked ovei the watei bucket and lan ovei about ten spectatois before coming to rest m the aims of a bevy of staitled fiist low fans He should he a fullback with diive like that
First Line Of Defense ... Crown Cleaning is your No. 1 partner in getting longer service from your clothes. i Cleaned regularly, the grit and grime that is responsible for destruction of fabric, is carefully removed . . . insuring longer wear.
Agr Extension
2447
A(,i Chem 3
2390
1 xeciltive
2388
riigiivh
2127
High Individual Sets Buikhol ler
542
DeBriiler
631
Bocis
r2('
3cal
jVb
High Team Games Executive
841
Agr I xtension
826
chemistry 2
823
English
822
Agi Chem 1
822
High Individual Games Spencer H ll
223
Lewis
21 )
Goull
208
Ai buclcU
202
LEAGIII standing
Won
Lost
Agr Extensu n
ib
lo
Lxccutivc
13
18
English
32
IJ
Physics
31
20
Animal Hu b
30
21
Af,i tx} St
30
n
Ae,r Chen 3 ^
30
21
Diiry 2
2J
22
Holt c ilturc 1
28
23
Mcch Enj,r
28
23
Dairy 1
2
24
Civ 1 Lnx
2
24
Atroi om\
2G
2d
Genti 1 Lm,!
Zb
2-)
Poi Itry
25
2b
Faim Mgt
25
26
Recitation
25
26
Speech
25
26
General Store
*>0
26
Forestry
lo
2b
Chcmistiy 1
24
27
Chem Lngi
24
2
Pharmacy
2‘>
29
Horticulture
22
29
Chemistry
22
29
Lite Ensr 1
29
Aar Chen 1
30
Elet r ngi 2
20
31
Agr Eng
20
31
Agr Chem 2
19
32
Bioloay
19
32
H ah vay Res
18
33
High Team Set to D te Physics
2624
Hiah Team Gan e to Date Gct eral Stoics
97
Hikh Weekly Ind Game Spencer H B
273
Hi^h Weekly In 1 Sets to Date Sti cl cy
667
Mungci
614
Claik W L
614
High Weekly In 1 Games to Date Cl ik W L
257
Knoll
23b
M ngcr
23b
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Co irt 1 7 00 Gary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 0 15 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 8 8 00 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 3 Practice Game 8 li" B4 Batterj Prictico Gates Comt 2 , 7 00 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 10 7 lo Caiy Hall 4 vs Cary Hill 11 8 00 B2 Battery Practice 8 H A2 Battery Piacticc Stevens Couit 3 7 00 Cary Hall 6 vs Caiy Hall 12 " ir Cary Hall f \» Cary Hall 13 8 00 Acacia va, Phi Kappa Pan 8 15 Phi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Chi Rho Rafferty Court 4 7 QO Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 7 I 7 15 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Pi Kappa Phi 8 00 Alpha Kappa Lambda v Sie:ma A1 pha Fpsilon 8 15 SiRJna Alph i Mu Vb All I a Tau Ome^^a BgrnarI
sity record m his favorite the 150 yard backstroke and FtgA Himmelein, a smooth svnnitmns distance man Fred holds faraty lecoids m both the 220 and 4^0 yaid events '* Record Holder Last year’s captain, Dort Fiurmer, should be hard to beat in either tfie 100 01 220 yaid free style events. In Chuck Bigelow the Spartans vpBl present the greatest breast-strol^ in the histoiy of the instittttla|i> His time of 2*37 5 m the 200 y^d event still stands as the fastest the Michigan State pool The meet Saturday Will be- tfee initial test for the Riveters, wh^e the Spartans already have the :^e with Northwestern under thwr belts However, Coach Papengi^h is of the opinion that the boys friHn East Lansing aie mYor one of thoq: toughest meets of the season if not the toughest j s d. Mills, Foster (Continued from page 1) attempts fiom the field in the opening 20 minutes Like Gopher Passing The Wildcat coach further said, “Minnesota’s passing undei the h«Sket was the highlight of the game fiom wheie I sat Opposing guards should have foui arms and legs |o defend against the McMillikn
gang ”
Doug Mills, handsome Illinois athletic diiector and coach of % undefeated conference leading Hl^, ducked out befoie we could collar him. but Bud Foster talked frefely and leferied to his copious noias concerning the ball game Fostei claimed Lambert's mall wopld have yton the game had tlhfj played the same brand of the fiist half that they tinned ort hai the final period “Minnesota was just too far ahead for Purdue to overcome lead,” Bud said, “then they playad cat and mouse after intermissiqte and sucked out the Puidue defensl^.- ‘ Natuiially,” Foster continudii, ‘the Boilerlnakers had to get tSe ball to^scqre and Minnesota ma^ them fight for it, scoring only wlmni they had a good opporttinity ” i Wc’ll Be Waiting Poster’s Badgei clan beat the Riveteis twice in overtime encoupleis last yeai, so we’ll be waitingi«r him in the Fieldhouse February
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deihdr
BEGINNER^S CLASS ^ FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEM‘ Opens Wed., Jan. 28, 7:3II||; TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS Advanced Class Opeitit i| Thurs., Jan. 29, 7:30 P M Alim, Nationally Knowa Instructor Phone 2150 ENROLL NOW ^ ALLEN’S Gth and Fcnii ' ^ii!
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER
Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Coift i
I
Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts.
Lofoyttli 1^v^^ssociated Women Students will |d^n election tomorrow from 10 to 6 p.m. at the entrance to I south ballroom of the Union for position of freshmen represen^ves. These two fi-eshnien coeds be the only freshmen on the ?S executive board and will serve the remainder of the second se|i^4ter. jc^^he following cdeds are the noiii8 s for the positidns: Jean Poiine, Betty Harrison, Betty PurCarol Roblee, Arnette Short, Pyler\ahd Virginia Warren. V’ rvBallots for the election may be upon the presentation of their .^hbsports. d.l.g. ^^gineer' Will Hold ^eshman Callouts ■ /Callouts for freshman workers on •'tl^ Purdue Engineer will be held at ; 4;l5 p . m. toniori'ow in room 380- of ■the Union. Positions open on the • biiisiness staff include - advertising • and circulation work, and those on '.th^ editorial staff include the writediting and make-^up of the 'i^gazine. Plans are being made to -miblish the magazine monthly Mifoughout the year, r.m.f;
Stenographic Course All students who have expressed an interest in the noncredit courses in shorthand and typing but who were unable to attend the organization meeting yesterday should call the Placer ment Service for Women, 29S5j today between 8 and 4:30 for ihforihation concerning registration. t.m.d.
AIEE Meeting Tomorrow To Feature Movie, Xopper From Mine To Marker At the first 1942 meeting of the AIEE at 7:30 tomorrow night in; room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building, a sound film, “Copper from Mine to Mai-ket,” will be shown as the main feature, of the evening's program. Furnished by courtesj’^ of the Anaconda Copper Company, this film deals With the various aspects of production from the time the copper ore is mined un-' til it reaches the market as a finished product. ■ Refreshment will be sewed at the meeting. All EE students and any other interested persons’are invited to attend, a.p.h. ;
Vincent Sheed^ (Continued from page 1) nfent, Sheean replied,, that., ■^|ie delay was caused by a ,“r^01y.i-iirrib^ lack of attd heavy afit^iery.” He does not believe tliat It; tvill be necestaty fd| 'the Ui-t^. to send an AEF, as th| ;Brrtiah have about 4,000,000 me^ ;ip uniform, plus the Canadiari armed forces, all clamoring for in-
vasion.
Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7 tonight, and students will be admitted upon presentation of passports. Single adniission tickets may be procured at the dogr .for fiftyfive cents. ■ , i '
riSteV-’-'
Cliemistry Major Sf^niorK; ThosS'd^lrioWa^ of gettins a. Job should report at .hiy. ofrflee, roohi 422, Chemistry building; 'and ■ ndi|j|pe;^e of their training, desires at . to., employment and information helpful in,
plj^ihs/ithem.
•A 'jirJmber .of assistantships. are available for/'tn^i'coming s'ehool year in the depart-' ment OT chemistry. Those students interested should report to my office at onde. •
; —DEGERING .
. Biology Sigdents; Makeup exams; in Biology. 1 wilt be held Feb. 7, at i p.m. ■ i', ■ —ENDEfeS : AIChE: Student meeiing, Wednesday, Jan. 28, ..in room 802,' Chem. and 'Met,, building. ■ —KRAYBILL^ ■ SOriior Goeds : For information regarding ..theyCiWI Service .exsminiition for positions ' asr^Sutfior call at the .Place- ■ ment ’.Service ■ for. lWoidfeh. Phone ,'nuihber :2958. - —SMITH.
0assified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines,; all makes, sold, rented, repaired, and.purehased. MiineT; ograph work done. C. J; Ebershoff, 006 Maini Lafayette. Phone 2779. Boys Wanted: Opportu^ifi^' tb work /fob) meals in . lunch room. Mislt agree to rdom in house'adjacent to establishment. Apply, Mitze Cafe, 213 Northwestern. Lost:. Brown' leather billfold containingin bills, certiftcatos and identification cards. Reward. Mr. T. W. Bfbse, Crawfordsville, Ind. For Sale: 1930 Mode! A Ford in the best A-1 condition. Phone 40803. Lost: Elgin wrist watch, gold plated will: ■ leather strap. Reward. Phone, 71001. Roliert Pulsticker. • -
AB Electrfeiil Members: Sodill meeting :bn' . Wednesday, Jan. 28, at 7:80: p.m. ih'. room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Sound film, “Copper. Prom Mine to Market,” will be shown. Plenty of refreshments., —KING' , '^Pi>»T<|ui.Sigliiui,t .bnpoMgnt meeting of all 'intenibern. Tuesday, Jan. 27 at 4 p.ni. in ■t Reading Room to launch, neW personnel program.' ■ .'1; —GREGORY Pistol. Teanr-Ti'yiatJ: The following listed •V'frrafimeh are asked to report for pistol ' teain''''try,outs Tuesday, Jan. 27 at the'listed time. 4:00: G. E. Brower, M. E. Bunker, 'E. 'Cornelius,/J. 11.. Criste, C. D.‘Emerson, W. J. Heinze, 01 S. Lindsay, P. G. . Miller,'.'E. W. lliteiiweg, M. G. Wade, and
;P. Pi’.'VV’estcott, .
. 5 :00; J. E. -Beeholer, K. S. Burnside, E. L. Burroff, B> C. -Dickey, O. R. Hill, J. A. Holman,' E. R. Ryde. G. E. .lones, R. N. Link, E 0. Lukenbill, L. J. McCabe, A. 11. Wakcland, K. R. Wendt. —BROWN
■; t.Hn4eitgrili4luate Dimies s; 'Will: have . busl- ! netihiinefeflng at ? :30:p.'mi, Tuesday, Jan,. 27, ' {n''th6''n6me of Mrs. Dale Ulrich, 471% J.Nbrth;(;jrant. V . —yOLLNER, ’;\) Ab 'Male Students; . Aviation Cadet Exhmihihg Board No.-1. will meet in the base-, merit of the Executive bulldijig for the’purpose -.of interviewing and. examining' applicants fori Aviation - Cadet Training -from : Jan>» 27. to,Feb. ,3 inclusive. FOr.- full information regarding Aviation Cadet Training a''ri'd’'''applicatiori blanks, apply ' at the Adr jutanFs office, Armorv,. —GRAHAM . - ' Freshman Coed: Expenent Business Staff,; Schedule ' is,., as follows:. Monday: Riggs, Krohn: Tuesday:' Katz, Neger, J. McCuIlOugnt Wednesday: Cohen, Job; Thursday: Study;’"Delts ; Friday: Levin, Guirihppr'. M. ■ McCullough. > , ,—SIESS Cede instruetionThlule Students).; Revised code instruction class tolls are posted bn the ntaih bulletin board, of-‘ the. Armory., - If the first classes ^ehe missed the attend-
ance can still be mgde.uh.
—t,T. BURKHART
Reamer Club: Meeting Tuesday, Jan. 27 at 7 :S0 p.m. in room 304 of the .Union.
. i-:RUFPNER- '
All Newly Entering Male Freshmen: If you are not now enrolled in MlUtary TrainiUB- and have any desire to take:'Advanced Training you should enroll in Basic Military Training immediately. GRAHAM— Math Makeup Exams: Examingtioris’to remove ;grade C in Math will be ^ivpn'on Saturday, Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. in Rgcjtatlon Building. Permits to take this exathination must be obtained no later than' Saturday, Jari. 31. —W. L. AYRES M.E. M.ake-up Exams; Examination for removal of C grades in mechanism: ME II. will be given Saturday, Feb. 7, ai;; 1 p.m. in room 301 Mechanical Erigineeririg Build■ing... -i ’ —A:)HALE ;. Prom. Committee:' Meet Tuesday, Jan,'27> at 4 p.m. itt. the Senate office. —DIBOS Silver/Mask; All ptembers planning, to atteri'd banquet Jan. 28 mgke reservations
with me.
Scriveners: iMeetirig'liSiiihdhy friigh'fe’inn/' 26, at 7 :30:b-ri}- in: roomi: 263'tif5tne .;lp;nl6n. Guests invited. Bring mnnhsOti^k- Play''will, be read.; ' : \ - : ,, // i/'-iRlEGLE ; Military Seniors: AH military Seniors ..who have volunteered to participate in the Navy Rally, January 28,' please report to First ’ Lt. -B. F. Johnson at 3 :30 p. m. Jrinilary 28. at the North door of the: Armory in uni form. ■ , . ' ' , —HICKS. ,,y; Agriculturist: Meeting of the Board of’ Managers in room 117 of Ag Hall at 4'‘ p. m. Tue.sday, January 27. .... —SNYDER. Triton Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, January 27, bt 4:30 -p. m. instead of 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Bring 20 cents for emblem. ' -.KRAEPELIEN. Gold Peppers: Dessert meeting Thursday, Jan. 29, at 6:30 p. m. at Mary Anri MoOre’s home. If you cannot come please call Mriry Ann by Wednesday noon. .-■SCARPF. : Alpha Phi Omega: Special committee mefetirig at 6:45 p. m. Tuesday in Swedish Lounge of Union. Be out in time for convocation. —BREWER. : Hoof and Horn:, Important short business meeting Wednesday, Jan. 28, at 7:80 p.m. in room 366 of the Unibri. All members urged to attend. —DUFFY Silver Mask; All pledges must be at the Ficldhouse at 4 p.rii. Tuesday, Jan. 27. . —TOWER Junior Prom Dance- Comnlittce: Picture will bo taken at 4 :16 p.m., on Wednesday, Jan, 28 in room 60 of- the Union. Suits will be worn. ' —BALL ! Exponent Ag'Staff Beat : Very important tne'eting bn Tuesday,; Jan. 27, at 4:30 p.m. in thb Office. Be there. ■—BROPH'Y Prirdue Riding ’Gilib;i There will lie a meeting of club'riiernbers and all other students who are interested in riding on .Wednesday, Jun. 28, in roorii 204 of the Union. •Plans for rcorganizaliori will bo discussed.
Kappa: Rsl: tmpbxtiil^tabitiniif rit all ife-* tive meittbers ih tcToni 8pft'of f the tTftibn hwM Wednesday, Jari.’^ at'.TtaO'p.ra.;^ . .. ^. . . ■; ./.y-. ■;--ry;^qQT’^;:^ ’ Pan 'Hellenie Ball Cdriimltteb s be taken at 4:30., p.ni. bri W«dne*|Uiy,; 28, in room 60 of the Union*. .-— ' Fraternity President* Bkll Coiap Picture . will be taken .at 4146. b.tn,’; nesday, Jan. 28,:, in rppni O.p'.of Suits will he worri—riot jfbrmaU--r‘BALL;^- ,|' Sophomore Ectillidri will be taken at. 6 p.m,,’-WedneBday, 28, in room 60 of Un.iori. Not forntgl , . . ' ,’ ? J; '
Gold Peppers:. There will be no-rtbetj Thursday, Jan. 29. —SCA. Purdue Gymnastics Clsb! .*A .mee{ini(Lbt$,. the entire nicmbersh.it>'will take pRice day, Jan. 30 at 4.fip<m:^iri loom1(14-bt'ijbg'i Fieldhoiise gymritisium. Second semestBr;! plans will be^ disbn8S,ea^. , ^-r-POZERpv Newman Club :b'!biVcusslon . meeting room . 212 of, Uhiori’! at’’8 .pim. Wedngsdal'i Jan., 28.' 4.'-/y;-*-BUNNl!Olfe:y p—I V- ■ ' Relikioiis Cbrincil:-‘-RbgiJat' mebfilOg Council office, rootk- :ji8 >',4if-'Uniori ’M. .7 p.m. Wedriesday; Jim.'Z8i-V, ' ..4 , ' i; ■ .—UlAMlLTONiXl
Modern Dance t_ 27. Very ipiportai It pyitotice' FridA?^. -
30, at 4 p.m. Selection''for dance perfotTOr?
ance will be'madel'at this time.; ^
-Sl^BAN^
PIA Workers: Meet..iri. soiiRi.jl^Iji' Thursday, Jan. 29, ait 7.i3Q'p.m, fOV':/. picture. ; , AWS Executive ilfoa'rd': kisetliik .-l&sdll'W'' day, Jan. 28, at 7.:30 p,m. in-t^ Ai'WS^'iii/' ficc. Please he there. igr/ldcCUEtpC]^
WAA Fencing: Practice Tucsda and Friday, Jan. 30^ at'4 p.m;—-E Piaysliop Crew Sorter* t ^ e.ste<i in crew work for “RsByond ' thb, zon” he at Fowler Hal| at Jas. 27..All crew heads rcribrt'ai tbw t|i, -'Fip^AXS^pi