V -I ^ »‘ ^ w. " * '< / i,,' ^ ,,,^ . % ,.4^ f i/ ^ / *’ 4’" -..
, / ' f
4^ *,4? ^
t _y <y > «i- !■ 5 .
f'-*
u
1215 Is Total For Summer Re^stration ^ Enrdllment Mark Under^ That Of 1940 Session; ^ Chem School Increases Registration for the 1941 sum- ^ mer session totaled 1216 at the end of the first day’s classes Friday, R. ' B. Stone, registrar, said yesterday. Enrollment for the summer’s School ^ is only several hundred under that of a year ago. ■Short courses and special conferences will swell the campus population considerably however throughout the summer. Fifty-four civil engineers are taking special survey- « ing work th^/summer at Ross Camp, while 22 men are registered in the eight weeks’ forestry camp. ^ Yesterday 175 members of the University ROTC started suftimer traihing at Fort Knox, Ky., which will continue until July 26. In Spite of the fact that the total University enrollment has gone doWn somewhat, the chemical engineering school reported an increase over last year’s registration with a total of 162. 125 Housediredors Arrive Here For Four Week Training School Coming from over a score of states, over 125 fraternity and sorority housemothers, and resident hall housedirectors at the opening meeting of the annual housedirectors’ summer training school yesterday heard Dean Dorothy Stratton plresent an outline of the program which will be held on the campus until July 11. At the afternoon session Dean Stratton again addressed the group. The subject of her lecture was the “Objectives of Student Living Groups. I “Meal Planning” Prof. Edith Gamble, head of the department of institutional management, will speak on “Meal Planning” at 9 o’clock this morning in the recreation room of Women’s Residence Hall North. Prom 10:40 to 11:40 o’clock Miss Gamble and Miss Naomi McGuire, foods manager and executive housekeeper" of ^ WRH, will conduct a question hour. This afternoon at 2 o’clock Miss McGuire will give a demonstration of planning and serving a party menu. Prof. Gamble will continue her talk on “Menu Planning” at to- „ morrow morning’s meeting. Her talk will be followed by another question hour similar to the one . planned for today. Dean Blanding To Speak At the afternoon session Dean Sarah Blinding, of the University of Kentucky, will discuss the “Objectives of Student Living "Groups.” At 7:80 p. m. Miss Irene Peldt, director of the placement service ^for women, will tell the housemothers “How to Apply for a Position.” Home Ec Teachers Travel To Chicago A number of home economics ' teachers and extension workers from the University will go to Chicago for the annual meeting of the American Home Economics Association. Miss Frieda Stoll, of the home economics extension staff, will appear on the clothing section of the conference, discussing the topic, 'Shifting Gears in Our Clothing Program.” Cfsne To Play For Second Union Mixer This Friday Dick Cisne with his piano and his orchestra will play for the second mixer of the summer session this Friday evening in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m. Admission will be one dollar per couple. Cisnq. and his orchestra last played here for the P-Mon’s Blanket Hop following the Purdue-Indiana ^ basketball gapie^on February 1. Duriiig the past year they h^e beep featured throughout the country at such places as the Colony 'Club in Chicago, the Peabody Hotel in MemAphis, the Belle-Rive Hotel in Shreveport, Louisiana, and the Gibson Hotel in Cincinnati.
-si?*' i.
FouimM In 1889
§ DaNySiNCNim
Volume 5, No. 3
Tuesday, June 17, 1941
Trustees Appoint Two Instructors To Fill Vacancies 9oth New I'nstruelors ~-Fiii Physical Ed Posts Two new instructors have been Appointed in the department of phyfeicdl education for women at the tjniversity to fill vacancies created by a leave of absence and resignation, it was anndunced yesterday from the ofiice of the president, following approval by the board of trustees. Both appointments will be effectiva September 1. Alice C. Bond, a graduate of the University of Iowa who obtained her master’s degree at Teachers College, Columbia University, will replace Ray Fraser, who has been granted a leave of absence for 194142 to accept a teaching fellowship at New York University where she will work on an advanced degree. Theresa A. Bell, a graduate of New York University who obtained her master’s degree at the University of Pennsylvania where she, has been teaching for the past two years, will rejfiace Helen Knight, who has resigned to accept a position in the dance department of the department of physical education at the University of Wisconsin. Two Week Intensive Marriage Course Open To Students July 7 In addition to being offered for the first time during the regular summer session, the University marriage course will also be offered as an intensive unit two week course from July 7 to July 19, according to plans Announced yesterday. Both the intensive and regular course will cover the same material, including such items as courtship, pre-marital examinations, psychological adjustments in marriage, physical and medical relationships, courtship and 'marriage during war periods, budgeting, religious problems, and sociological viewpoints. Lecture Periods Lecture periods, which will take up half the time alloted to the course, will be of an informal na-, ture, while the remainder of the in* structiori will be devoted to group discussions and directed reading. A personal counseling service will also be available for all students enrolled. Applications for enrollment in the intensive course must be made to H. E. Wilkening, Coordinator of Marriage Course^ Purdue, not later than July 1. WBAA Holds Tryouts For New Announcers _ Tryouts for the announcing staff for WBAA, University radio station, will be held in the station’s studios ih the Hall of Music starting this afternoon at 3 o’clocki The station offers excellent training for anyone planning to enter this field. During the past year, fifteen of the ex-announcers of the station have gone directly into radio work, according to Gilbert Williams, pi^ogram director of the station. Tryouts are open to anyone atTehding summer session and according to Williams the studio’s air conditioning should make them a delightful place to spend Lafayette’s hot afternoons.
First SS Songfest Thursday Evening At the first suhnUer sdhgfest of the season, the St. Louis Philharmonic QuUrtet will offer A jirogrum of light opera and semi-classical selections oii Thursday night dt 8 o’61ock in the Hall of Music. In addition to the program by the operatic qtidrtet, the evening will feature community singing Uiider the direction of Joseph M. Ragains, assistant University choral director. The gerierai jpuBlic as well as the student body is invited to attend. All summer session students will be admitted free upon presentation of their registration catds, while there will be a nominal charge of 15 cents for the general'public. The doors will open at 7:16 o’clock. The St. Louis Quartet is made up of Bernice Celeste, soprano, Chicago Civic Opera Co.} Marion Huebner, contralto, Chicago Civic Opera; En'rico Clause, tenor. La Scala Opera, Milan and Ruffo, internationally known baSs-baritone. 1?he program of the operatic stars will indude selections from such works as Madame Butterfly, II Trovatore, Tales of Hoffman, La Thaviata, Aida, Merry Widow, Rio Rita, Fortune Teller, New Moon, Blossom Time, and Three Musketeers. The sortgfests, an annual institution, were once held outside the Library, but as the crowds increased with passing years it was necessary to move the cite first to Fowler Hall, then to the Fieldhouse, and finally to the Hall of Music. In past years Albert P. Stewart has conducted, this being the first summer that the songfest has been under the direction of Joseph Ragains. Trustee Board "Do Something"Promotes Four Reed Tells Rural Youth Staff Membes At Leadership School
At the last meeting of the board of trustees at the close of the second semester, four promotions were approved for University instructors. !^ourteen faculty members were granted leaves of absences. The following is a list of the actions taken by the board: From assistant instructor to instructor in applied design: Miss
Louise Baird.
From instructor to assistant professor of mathematics: C. E. Clarli^ and M. S. Webster. From graduate assistant to instructor in chemistry: Sol Boyk. Leaves Of Absence Among leaves of absence approved for the year 1941-42 were
the following:
W. H. Andrews, instructor in economies, to study for his doctorate; Mack Drake, graduate assistant in agronomy, to study during the summer toward his doctorate; J. H. Karr, electrical engineering, leave next semester to take temporary private employment with Robbins & Myers at Springfield, O.; M. W. Todd, civil engineering, for the summer to direct surveying for proposed army cantonment in Bartholomew county; E. E. Schnetzler, poultry department, next academic year to study for his doctorate at Iowa State College; Miss Ray A?. Fraser, of the physical education for women staff, to study the coming year for an advanced degree at New York University; R. L. Lowe, English, to study during the coming year at Princeton to. complete requirements for his doctorate. Leaves of absence" also were granted several faculty members who have been galled for duty as reserve officers: T. E. Hienton, agricultural engineering; W. W. Glenny, assistant manager of the Purdue Union; G. W. Newell, poultry; W. li. Jfumpf, assistant county agent at Columbus; R. E. Willia|mson, graduate assistant in ph^macy; A. V. Cohee and R. E. Brocklehurst, graduate assistants in
physics. '
/
Fred Conger ... assistant program director of WBAA, University radio statioii, ha6 returned to the campus after being on leave of absence the past semester to complete his resident work fot his rhaster’s degree at the University of Iowa.
A challenge to “do something” about the present and future agricultural problems yesterday was givep by Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed to 226 members of the Indiana Rural Youth organization attending the fourth annual Leadership Training School, which started yesterday and will continue through Friday f
noon.
Among the rural problems outlined by Dean Reed were those concerning the increase in annual income, the needs of the community such as recreational facilities, and the way to live a more satisfying life at home. DifBcult Time “It’s a difficult time for young folks,” declared Dean Reed, who urged that they prepare now for the future leadership that they will be called upon to give. “Agriculture is going to have to save itself, and you are going to be the folks who will do it,” he added. Inspiring Talk By Dyer Sharing the afternoon’s program with Dean Reed was C. L. Dyer, Indianapolis, of the Indiana Farm Bureau’s educational department, who gave an inspiring talk on “What Are We Here For?” The conference, held under th^ join cooperation of the University and the Indiana Farm Bureau, brings together Indiana rural youth between the ages of 18 and 28. These older youth are now organized in 85 Indiana counties. Ohio Veierinarian Joins Faculty Here Dr. Roy E. Nichols, instructor in the department of surgery and clinics of Ohio State University Veterinary Medical College since 1933, will join the University veterinary department July 1 as veterinary physiologist, it was announced yesterday. For the last two years Dr. Nicho]^ has been secretary of the Small AAimal Section of the American Veterinary Medical .Association and has been active in AVMA affairs for several years. Dr. Nichols was graduated from Ontario eVterinary. Medical College in 1933, received. his 'master’s degree from Ohio State in 1934 and his doctor of philosophy degree from the same institution June 16.
/. D. Mayer
... of the agricultural engineering staff at the University will preside at the group meeting on “Soil and Water Conservation” at the annual gathering of the American So» ciety of Agricultural Engineers at Knoxville, Tenn., June 23-26. Mayer is in charge of experimental work in this phase of soil conservation at Purdue,
This Paper Is free To Everyone On Campus Take Onef
■7*'
Sports Activities Hold Large Place In Summer Program Swimming, Golf, Tennis, Baseball Are Scheduled A comprehensive program of sports activities has been arranged for the University summer session students by Prof. Helen Hazelton, of the department of physical education for women, and Prof. M. L. Clevett, of the division of physical education for men. Swimming, golf, tennis, archery, horseshoes, and baseball are among the many activities for which facilities will be available to students throughout the summer, while a weekly play hour, known as “Games on the Green,” featuring such activities as badminton, volleyball, tetherball, and ping pong is scheduled each Tuesday evening.
Golfing
For thfe golfers, both the University nine hole course west of Cary Halls and the public course, known as Linee’s Fields, will be open for play. Free golf instruction will be provided each Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock at Memorial Gymnasium. Plans are being made for all-cam-pus and mixed foursome tourna-
ments.
Free Archery Instruction Free instruction will also be provided for archers each Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock on the women’s archery range. The always popular swimming pools will be available daily. The Fieldhouse pool will be open daily from 3 to 5 o’clock for men only and from 7:30 to 9 o’clock each evening for both men and women, while the Memorial Gymnasium pool will be open for women only at 4 o’clock each afternoon.*" Tennis, Horseshoes Singles and doubles tournaments are planned on the tennis courts north of the Fieldhouse, along with individual play, while horseshoe courts are available north of Cary Halls on University Street. Baseball will not be neglected, for in addition to organizing a summer session team, there will be a softball league, with the first game scheduled Thursday afternoon on Intramural Field. Dr. Kathryn McHale Receives Brown U. Honorary Degree Dr. Kathryn McHale, general director of the American Association of University Women and ahaember of the board of trustees of the University, yesterday was awarded the honorary degree of doctor of humane letters by Brown University. The award came as Brown celebrated its 173rd annual commencement in the First Baptist Meeting House, oldest of its denomination in America, where Brown .graduations have been held since 1775. President Henry Merritt Wriston of Brown, who conferred the degree on behalf of the board of fellows, read the following citation for Dr. McHale: “Having subjected yourself to the disciplines of scholarship and matured your powers as a teacher, you took a post of leadership to which you brought energy, grace and distinction. Therefore, we are happy to apeak for the univeJrsity world in ac^aiming your achievements.” Dr. McHale is the only woman trustee of the University and is a inember of numerous national educational boards and committees. P. C. Rutledge ... specialist in soil mechanics on the school of civil engineering faculty at the University, has been called as consultant on foundations on three big government jobs this summer, a huge power plant at Childersburg, Ala., a neoprane plant (artificial rubber) at Lout^Ue, Ky., and the Little Grassy Dam at Carbondale, lU.
-
- '"^'5 '.V.]
'Games On
^ i i/w f f !■ ■ ' ; 'mi
The Green'
Tonight
. 4 ’ ’;i i
Weekly Series Begins
■ -4
At 6:30 FM On Tlelif
North Of Fieldhouse
The first of a series of eight weekly “Games on the Green,” planned
-
ff
as a part of the summer session recreational program, will be held tonight at 6:30 o’clock on the field north of the Fieldhouse, featuring folk and square dhncing. For tonight’s program,, open to all summer session students. Miss Janet Tobitt and Miss Alice White, who are conducting the special short course npw in progress at the University, will act as instructors.
Attractive Series
Professors M. L. Clevett and Helen Hazleton, in charge of “Games on the Green,” have made arrangements for an attractive series of programs on Tuesday nights aU through the summer session. Detailed plans will be announced from
week to week.
Dates for the other “Games oh the Green” will be June 24, July 1, July 8, July 15, July 22, July 29,
and August 6.
Playshop Will Present Our Town" July 23; Tryouts Today At 4,7 Tryouts for “Our Town,” Thornton Wilder’s Pulitzer prize winning play, will be conducted on the stage of Fowler Hall tomorrow from 4 to
6 p. m. and from 7 to 9 p. m.
The play, to be presented as the annual summer session production July 23, is imder the direction of Prof. H. K. Carmichael, assisted by Mary E. Stranburg and O. M. Stal-
lard, graduate assistants.
All regular or summer school students as well as interested faculty members and townpeople are welcome to try out, Carmichael said. The play calls fon 24 speaking parts with as many more extras. Crews will be appointed for the following: publicity, business, building, costumes, properties, lights, make-up,
and sound: effects.
Fifty Students EnrdI In First Folk Dance, Dramatics Course Fifty students from five different states enrolled here yesterday for the first^ of two three-day short courses in folk-dance and dramatics offered at the University in connection with the annual summer session. The first course continue through tomorrow, with "a second 'three-day perzod covering the same areas, but without any duplication of material, to start Thursday and continue through Saturday. The curriculum has been planned so that studejits can attend either or both
o fthe courses.
Two internationally known authorities, Miss Janet Tobitt, a native of England and a graduate of St. Andrews' University, Scotland, and Miss Alice White, a graduate of the University of British Columbia, are serving as visiting instruc-
tors.
The daily schedule for the courses which are designed to prepare college men and women for leadership in community recreation, includes instruction in folk, including square dances, singing games, impromptu dramatics, group singing and song leadership, and dramatized ballads, F. B. Knight Will Participate In.Rouiui Table Discusshm Professor F. B. Knight, director of _the division of education and applied psychology, will take part in, the round table discussion “What Kind of Education Should Rcee Men Have?” to be broadcast over the Blue Netdcqrk of NBC on July 8. Thd broadcast will be given in connection with the seven^-ninth annual convention of the NaMom^ Education Society being' held In Bos* ton from Jnne 29 to 2, broadcast time here is from 2:t8 th 2:45 p, m.
% ^ I 1% u it'
p, ,fiapLl—SdiiA.
Tuesday, June M. 1941
•V ^ S^uJuiusL ^cpimsatL
The
Fifth Column
Now that the Rohm Moor has been safely tucked away by Davy Jones. And the survivors have quit giving heart-rending eye witness tales of the dastardly deed to the newspapers, the American people can get their minds back on the baseball scores. Resting assured that it will take FDR at least twenty-four hours. To stir up another good incident.
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at ihe special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session SubscHptions mailed for 50 cents PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.; D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005 — PHONES
Business 8471
As far as Germany is concerned. They were definitely unconcerned. Herr Adolph simply told our old Uncle In The News to quite blustering. The geneial idea being . . .
To put up or shut up.
On the continent the mad paper hanger has been hanging a few of his strong arm lads in strategic spots along thje Russian bolder. However, old Joe Stalin says that’s no concern of his. And he is having a slight disagreement with his atmy chiefs along those lines. As for us, all we have to say is that we lememher an old song . . . you can tell a man who boozes . . . By the company he chooses. ♦ >(t » Never-the-less if we were in the army commissar’s shoes we doubt if we would object to Hitler. That is unless he . . . Prefers consorting with cadavers. * * * Latest report on the draft situation is that the lucky boys who sign on the dotted July 1 will be mixed right in with the old registrants It’s a funny thing, hut this IS one line . . . We wouldn’t mind being at the end of.—dkh
Let's All Look For A Scapegoat On Capitol hill pot-bellied congressmen with no will of their own are again preparing to do their country real damage by passing muchthreatened anti-labor legislation. The plan is to put a legal ban on strikes in defense industries, what constitutes a defense industry being of course indefinable. In support of these measures which are alien to the American theory of government, the congressmen are kowtowing to hysterical public opinion demanding that anything be done to prevent defense strikes. Many of the members of congress know very well that-anti-labor legislation is a step that once taken will never be revoked. But unfortunately in the last decade our congress has seen progressively fewer men who have had the will and the strength to lead rather than follow public opinion. A ban on strikes wiU in effect eliminate collective bargaining and nullify union organization. It is a sad commentary on the intelligence and faith of the American people that they should okey such a blanket condemnation and distrust of a.large section of the population. Labor is no more and no less loyal and patriotic 'than any other group, and such legislation as this aimed at labor as a special group is certainly far removed from anything faintly resembling democracy. The Defense Mediation Board was created to determine impartially the true facts in labormanagement di culties. Under the recent declaration of national emergency, the President may take what action is necessary to sustain the Board’s findings. There is no need for permanent legislation. Thus far the Mediation Board has done a sincere and remarkably effective 30b in settling labor grievances, and in only several recent instances have strikes been of obviously subversive origin. One of these, the strike at Inglewood, was broken by the President under his present powers when CIO leaders repudiated it. The President has given the leaders of the other important West Coast strike, which has been renounced by the AF of L until Thursday, to go back to work. Clearly then we already have adequate and democratic machinery to handle strikes without resorting to permanent authoritarian force. Since the start of the defense program strikes have consumed time that amounts to only one-half of one per cent of the total manhours expended. And it does not follow that, just because there is a strike, labor is at fault. It may be remembered by the not too feeble minded that certain large manufacturers fiatly refused to produce unless drastic legal limitations on profits were removed. It may also be recalled that monopolistic industries have expanded their facilities only under extreme pressure. There are of course communistic controlled unions which are vile and rotten viruses, but they are few, and we who pretend allegiance to democracy can do little more than allow fair and impartial judgment under existing government labor machinery. We can hardly talk about saving democracy if we are willing to pass legislation outlawing strikes and thus retroactively condemn labor without consideration of the facts involved in each individual cai^.
Grin And Bear It
by Lichty
(Reprinted from the Daily Illini) Mixed in with the news yesterday of Britain threatening France, of France threatening Britain, and Germany invading Crete was the short note of the Peoria man who bit a dog. In this world where dictators’ assistants come sailing down from the sky into enemy hands, where politicians and aviators debate whether convoys are patrols or patrols are convoys, it is a welcome bit of information to know that men can bite dogs. Long ago in a high school journalism class we were told that if a dog bites a man, that’s nothing—^but if a man bites a dog—^that’s NEWS. For years newspapermen have been waiting for just such a happening—^and when the great event does happen it is nearly pushed off the front page by the Nazis in Crete. Evidently the public’s sense of news values has changed. No longer are they interested in a nice juicy murder or a good old fashioned political scandal. No sir, news values have changed—^the cannjbal instinct in man hardly places in the show money these days—before long people won’t even read the funnies any more. The trouble couldn’t be that Americans are afraid that foreign parachutists will light on their roof-tops some night, or that sinister black bombers will cloud their sun, no that couldn’t be the trouble, or could it ? Why Believe A Few Words Now apparently after three years of War a few thousand miles away, the people of America are beginning to realize that maybe that man with the little black mustache wasn’t kidding after all. Maybe that crazy book he wrote wasn’t so crazy after all. Everybody admitted that the plot was almost original, only a few bellows h,ad tried it before and they have been dead for a l^ong time, so why believe a few words thrown together in a foreign book. Then, as the months went by, people began to hear more and more of this unknown author. Soon the Austrians in America began to worry a little bit and forget about baseball games and comic strips. Then the Czechs got worried, then the Poles and Scandinavians, finally English immigrants and even people of English descent began to worry just a little—^but still no one can deny that man bites dog was considered a good news story. Prominent Men Speak And then men rose to their feet, prominent men, heroes, and told Americans to stop worrying, go back to your baseball games, fill the cafes every night. Some people did stop worrying. The Kentucky derby and a horse named Whirlaway carried away the headlines for a
day.
Still more men came to their feet—defeated presidential candidates, senators, and even the President realized that through the maze of racing headlines something really serious was brewing. Something must be done, these men said, we must help a little. Then some logical men pointed out that it was fine to be sympathetic for ,d6]^essed people, but they continued, that’s^^oti the reason we have to worry and give aid—sir, we have to give aid because our own safety is concerned, our own welfare and we had better do something about it pretty quick. When these men stated that Britain was fighting our battle for us maybe we laughed a little, if they would have said this a year ago we would have laughed a lot. But right now it has the American people puzzled. Everybody down to the youngest newspaper reader is concerned at what the war headlines say, everybody is concerned because their very lives, their homes, their country are concerned. Maybe this is why that miraculous man who had the courage to bite a dog only received slight mention in the papers. Perhaps five, 10 years from now if a man bites a dog, Americans will be able to sit back and have a good laugh about it.
3^
“A fine resort you picked for a vacation, Cert—Competition’s so fierce here there’s hardly any chance of being molested!”
State’s Leading Breeders Will Hold Picnic Sunday Between 100 and 150 of the leading bleeders in the state.are expected to attend the annual picnic of the Indiana Association of Aber-deen-Angus Breeders which will be held at “The Pines,” Jess Andrew’s farm near West Point, on Sunday (June 22), it was announced yesterday by D C Pfendler, of the University, secretary-treasurer John Greenburg, of Wingate, the president of the association, will preside A series of informal talks and a “pitch-m” dinner will feature the day’s program
unyt TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
ALSO
uinsHinGToii
Frank Morgan
Thurs.-Fri.-Sah—2 Hits WILLIAM BOYD "Hopalong Cassidy”
PLUS
IT’S A RIOT OF
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
OWL PATRICK lACK CARSON . noivneeMTES^ SMawiBUCKMER
-THURSDAY-FRIDAY-
YHERR'S MAfilC . IN MUSIC • A ParoiAounl wHh ALLAN JONES SUSANNA FOSTER MARGARET LINDSAY LYNNE OVERMAN
Physics Buildings To Be Biology Annex By action of the Board of Trustees of the University the old Agricultural Engineering Building has been renamed as Agricultural Hall Annex, and the old Physics Building which will give way in the autumn to the new structure being elected on Northwestern Avenue entrance to the campus, will be known as the Biology Annex The latter change will become effective when the department is moved but the first change is in effect now.
idiuiisru TODAY - WEDNESDAY
JM TISHNifiOlOR —THURS. - FRI. - SAT.—
A RENE ClAIR ERODUaiON wHb
BRyCE CABOT ROLANBYOUNfi MISCHAAUER ANDY DEVINE
AIR CONDITIONED
IRpSNp'
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE jfEATURE-
Britain's War at Sea! CONVOY with CLIVE BROOK JUDY CAMPBELL PLUS Louis Bromlield's Newest and Most Sixxiing Story of the \ Gay Nineties! IT ALL CAME TRUE with .JEFFREY YLNN HUMPHERY BOGART — ADDED — MICKEY MOUSE CARTOON
in a
mm
SHIPPING THUNKS
YTLLOW
YELLOW CAB COMPANY' /
\ PuhdwL £xftotmd.
Tuesday, June 17, 1941
Omo. J
Grin idncf Bear If
\k
“I always feel so eiyibarrassed when I get caught in town on tag day With nothing smaller than a quarter in my purse!”
R. 6. Stewart Makes University Survey Controller R. B. Stewart will fly Thursday to Atlanta, Ga., where he will spend several days in a preliminary survey of the finances and their control in the University system of Georgia, His first trip there is the forerunner of a more extended study he will make later in the summer as a member of a committee to study the entire system of 18
institutions in the state university system, which is headed by George Institute of Technology and the University of Georgia. The committee making the study IS headed by Dr. George A. Works, dean of students and professor of education at the University of Chicago. Stewart's phase of study will coverve the administrative organicover the administrative organization and business offices in each institution. Stewart has been granted a three weeks’ leave og absence by the trustees to make the
Georgia study.
BALLROOM DANCIKG CLASSES OPEN FOR SUMMER STUDENTS
FRIDAY, lUNE 20th
BEGINNER'S CLASS 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS 8:00 P. M. SUMMER RATES 8 LESSONS $5.00 CHILDREN MAY tNROLL SAT., JUNE 21 CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE IN BALLET AND TAP PHONE 2150
ALLEN S
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE . Both Air Conditi^ed
Full-T|me Defense Training Courses Wiii Begin June 23 Students To Take Work In Engineering Subjects Beginning June 28, the University will initiate a series of fulltime defense training courses in engineering subjects to be taught through a six-weeks’ period. Regular members of the University staff will teach the various courses. 1 Offered under the sponsorship of the U. S. Department of Education, the courses will prepare young men who have a satisfactory general educational background to qualify for jobs as technical assistants, staff assistants, and other assig^nments in design, test, production, and maintenance. The courses are intended primarily for men who have had two years of an engineering course, or who have a degree in any other college curriculum. Applications for entrance to the courses may be made to C. W. Beese, professor of general engineering. The entire program is made possible by a federal grant to the University for defense training. Students who are enrolled in the program will be divided into groups, each one of which will specialize upon one of the following phases of engineering training; Elementry Mechanics Forces and force systems, resultants, analysis of simple trusses, friction, work, motion, power, stresses in beams, and (Columns due to static and moving loads. Engineering Materials Testing procedures and equipment, preparing specimens, calculating data, specifications and properties for engineering materials. Elementary Machine Design , Determination of stress and strain, proportioning of machine parts according to function, influence by production and economic factors, design of a simple machine.
Metallurgy
Principles, ravf materials, equipment and methods used in production of metal from ores; metallography of iron and steel from standpoint of effect of chemical composition and heat treatment on the structure and properties of commercially important steels. Electricity ' Fundamental principles of electrical engineering and their application to direct and alternating current circuits, machines, transformers and other industrial equipment.
6th & FERRY
For Economy . .
The Lahr Hotel
CloE^ied Ads
For Bent: Single room, new bed, joining bath on ground floor. 473 Maple St.
For Rent: Pleasant, airy rooms. $10, $12. 421 N. Chauncey, 65021
Board Of Trustees Accepts Donations A number of gifts to the University were accepted at the last meeting of the Board of Trustees, including original manuscript of “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” from Frank C. Huston, of Knightstown. This is one of the most popular University songs and the manuscripts has been placed in the University archives. The Purdue foundry also received a cast iron pinion shaft bearing, a bronze bushing and a forged pinion and shaft valued at $1,600 from the Whiting Corporation of Harvey, 111. The following .cash gifts have been received for the students loan funds: South Bend-Mishawaka Pan.-Hel-lenic Association, $60, making a total of $711.08. Prom the Twentieth Century Club of Lafayette, $26, and from Miss Irma Slayback, dean of girls at Jefferson High School, $6 for the Carol3m E. Shoemaker Memorial Loan Fund which now totals $1,804.61. Skull and Crescent Club, $315.27, making a total of $1,804.26. Prom Henry County Federation of Clubs for the Indiana Federation Loan fund, now totaling $3,199.68. From the Jackson County Federation $30; Lake County Federation, $9; Tenth District Federation $50, and the Acton Study Club $1.25 to the Virginia C. Meredith Fund which totals $293.25. The county federations go to their own special funds for loans to needy students. George H.Bush . . . custodian counsel^ in the division of education anfi applied psychology, will speak at Northwestern University at the school custodian’s institute June 26 and 27, discussing classroom comfort and ventilation, determining building maintenance needs, and work schedules. Prof. Bush is in charge of the school custodian training courses for the University, conducting special work on the campus and in many counties and cities over the state.
Two Slate Groups Visit Campus During Week Two groups of visitors to the University are scheduled for this week and will be taken about the campus by R. H. Chinn of the short course and exhibits staff. Today 26 members of the Harrison Hustlers from Lucerne will be here under the direction of Miss Margaret Hurd, their secretary, and on Friday, June 20, about 30 members of the Mothers’ Club, one of the home economics organizations in Pulaski County, will visit the campus.
In his 13 years as coach of Notre Dame, Knute Rockne led the Fighting Irish to 104 victories, while losing 12 games and tieing six. The worst season he had at the South Bend institution was in 1928 when the team won five games and dropped four. Five times during that 13 year span the Ramblers were undefeated and untied.
WBAA
1 ; 1 1
11:00
Classroom Broadcast
11:50
Purdue News
12:00
Russ Graefnitz, pianist
^ 1
12:15
Town Crier
^ 1
12:30
Meet the Band
a 1
12:45
Markets
1:00
Music
f 1
1:15
Afternoon Melodies
1:30
Dorothy Washam, singer
1
1:46
Monitor Views the News
2:00
Music
1 1
2:16
Marching Along
2:30
Parent Forum
€ r
2:45
Treasure Chest
3:00
Music
^ 1
3:16
Magic Carpet
y
3:30
Music
3:46
Music
4:00
Memory Lane
4:15
Music
4:30
South American Way
4:46
Story Book Hour
6:00
Concert Strings
6:30
Music of the Day
Major P. E. Bunaway, army officer in charge of the Louisiana State university co-ed rifle team, states women are as good marksmen as men when given the same training.
Andrew Sea is a swoose. I am a filler. I fill up little spaces like this. I am a filler. I am made to fill up those spaces about as big as this which are not large enough for anything else. I am a pretty little filler. Ain’t I the cutest thing you ever saw?
^JvcdtsihmjtisiA. Here’s Wishing You Lots of Luck in Your Fall Rushing Of course you realize that repair work now will make your house much more attractive to the freshmen next fall. That’s why we are reminding you of our complete line of hardware and paints. Everything you need to make your house like new. MOORE & KEMPIE NOW. CO. Norfh\ Side Square Phone 2577
Before the modern era of baseball the catcher stood quite a distance behind home plate and caught all pitches on the second bounce.
You Need Crown Service MORE in Summer than any other time . . . more soiled clothes because of light apparel and perspiration. You can depend on Crown for rapid service.
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE
Before You Make T^at Trip To See Your Best Girl Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s expert mechanics. You will be surprised at the improvement in performance.
• \
Peter Anderson Garage
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabama St.
\Pbone 404f8
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
School Supplies DEACS Everything for a College Education
Wv Lafayette LIBRARY LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY - 10c MINIMUM
Complete Line of Greeting Cards ' University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons. '29 R.W."Doc"Epple'40
LiftA
m
tiff •!>
^\» -!
f< ?«.->
rr , J ^ 5 I ^ J ^ , A ^ ^ ^ / . Nj,? ("^ "•
^ThdicBA,
Tuesday, Tune 17, 1941
fijuJtdm^ ^cfityfuatL
RELAX
THE UNION
^<ff
Get
Acquainted
With It
And The Hundreds
Who Use It Daily
There is an old saying that states, “the best things in life are free.” (Don’t quote us we’re not positive.) We are sure, though, that many of the best things in the Ul^ON are free. Such as:
• the Game Room • the Puttering Shop • theMusic Room • the Lounge • the Browsing Room • the Telephones
For a nominal fee, you can enjoy the Billiard Room, Bowling Alleys, Cafeteria, Grill, Chestnut Room, Sweet Shop and the Coffee Shop.
The UNION CLUB
is open to
permanent and transient guests
this summer.
The Purdue^ Memorial Union planned and maintained for you, is to make your school terms more enjoyable, and to give you a chance to relax both body and mind. Consider each visit to the UNION vacation; for that is what it’s for. Rnjoy the Union this summer—it’s your’s—USE IT.
JhiL PiVvdiJUL TyUnmfiiaL lAnim,
The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of College Activities