EpiTORlAL Our Em Of Riglifs— Basie War Principle
Vctoe S3/No. 80
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December 16, 19NI1
itev^rt, Ragains To Lead Musical %gups At Convocation Thursday
CandieUght Ceremony Will Highlight Christmas Pageantry In Music Hall The University Convocation for Worship for December will ( feature the ca,mpus musical organizations Thursday night. The servicjB will be conducted in the Hall of Music at 8* University choirs and'the University orchestra will be under the directibn of Albert P. Stewart and Joseph ,M. Ragains. Opening the program the choir will sing “Spirit of Christmas,'’ a fantasia by Reibold which will be followed by excerpts frbriii “The Nutcracker Suite” ^^— r—-
by Tsi^'eiikowsky, played by
the oi’cfestra.
The second part of the program will be devoted to carol processions iti which the entire choir of 260 voices wilt form in special candle lighted processionals, six different groups ntarching down the Music Hall aisles to the stage, where a group of Christmas carols will be sung. Following the choir, the audience will then join in singing songs under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, who is in charge of the entire program. \ Last number on the program will be the presentation of a Bach canthta; “For Us a Child is Born.” Soloists for the evening will be Marvin Smith, tenor; William Eothepberger, baritone; William Morgan, tenor; and Alice Coe, contralto; Joanne Lloyd will be the accompanist. The public is invited to attend the one and one-quarter hour
program, g.w.s.
Albert P. Stewart
Offers Spedal Trains
Phil Levant To Supply Rhythms For Annual PIA Christmas Dante Eecently signed for the PIA semiformal Christmas dance which will be held this Friday-evening in the Union are Phil Levant and his orchestra, coming to the oampus from engagements in the Schroeder Hotel in Milwaukee, and the Bismarck Hotel and the Trianon Ballroom in Chicago. No Prodigy First position as a professional musician came to Levant at the age Of fifteen. He explains that he was not a child prodigy, but that he had a collection of dance music that was in demand. When he was nineteen, however, he had his own orchestra playing in Chicago theatres. Levant is the composer of “Afterglow” and the Marquette University “Victory March.” Display New Pin At the dance, PIA will display the new pin which has been adopted by the oi'ganization. Both passports and membership^tickets will be required for admission to the dance. No corsages will be allowed, k.k.
BoilermakeL Sho&ts Down 4 Jap Planes George S. Welch, former student at the University and one of the first to receive' “wings” under the University CAA program, has been accredited with shooting down four enemy planes during the Japanese attack on Hawaii Sunday, Dec. 7. In accomplishing this in his first aerial combat, Welch missed becoming an “Ace” by one plane. The “Ace” rating demands the downing of five enemy aircraft. Enrolled in the School of Mechanical Engineering in 1937, he studied aeronautics until he transferred to the School of Science in 1939. During his years at the University he was a member^ of Delta Upsilon social fraternity and \yas an advanced military student in the ROTC. Leave To Join Army In January, 1940, Welch and Kenneth Harvey, ME ’41, of Cleveland, Ohio, withdrew from the University and joined the Army Air Corps after an interview with Army recruiting men on the campus. Harvey was killed when a bomher he was flying crashed in Utah last summer. Welch’s first assignment, after receiving his commission, was to Hamilton Field in California. He was transferred to Wheeler Field at Hawaii early this year. k.k.
Students Meet In Music Hall
Offers Final
To Learn Their Part In War
5,000 Hear President Ellkftt List 'Bill Oi Responsibilities'
By Ken Klosson First occasion, since the days of regular chapel, when the entire University has been called together for the discussidn of campus alfairs occurred yesterday when President Elliott and student leaders addressed the student body on the part played by University students during war time. To open the convocation, the Symphonic Band played a selection from Tannhauser and the audience sang “Hail Purdue.” Richard Dibos, president ————— of the Student Senate, was im troduced by President Elliott as first speaker of the morning. Suggesting the purposes of the ROTC as an outline for student action, he declared that they should “awaken” to the responsibilities before them, “prepare” for the future to the best interests of the nation and put forth a strong effort to “qualify for leadership.” Students who are prone to exchange degrees for positions in industry are to be cautioned, he said, “to take stock of themselves” and consider their decisions with the •long range view in mind so that
Uhiyersity To Offer For Vaulion Travel
Elementary Courses
ByMorrespondence To' help high schools supplement thbir regular curricula, the University will inaugurate,a special Supervised Correspondence Course, beginning January 6,1942. ITie course is designed to give students the opportunity to take subjects not offered in their high schools, either because of its small size of limited scope. Many students from such schools are denied admission to the University because they lack the necessary requirements for entrance to the School of Engineering. The new courses will endeavor to help these students remove their deficiencies. Courses in advanced algebra, solid, geometry, effective writing, elcqientary Spanish and mechanical drawing 'Will be given at the start of the com'se and others will be added in the future. All courses are prepared by members of the University staff, assisted by a select group of high schoUl teachers, j.h.f. Traveling Unit Gives SfiOO Hearing Tests , i’he Traveling unit of the new University Hearing Test Service has tested about 6,000 public school stu-. <lents in its four weeks of operation, according to an announcement by Prof. M. Di Steer, head of the speech I' clinic and director of the new serv-
ice.
Miss Loraine Anson, supervisor of the traveling unit, has directed its operation in Cass, Pulaski, and Miami counties. This service, which can be administered at the University or by the traveling unit* was inaugurated to assist school officials ip complying with a new state law requiring annual hearing examinations for all school pupils, t.d. Covert Shows Movies To Outing Club Tonight Outing Club will hold its regular meeting this evening at 7:30 p.m. in room 23(5 of the Union. J. L. Covert, president of the club, will show , colored slides and movies which he took last summer while touring in the West, Yellowstone National Park and the Rocky Mountains are included in his collection of pictures. After the pictures are shown there will, be a discussion of activities for next semester. Everyone ihtefCsted is invited to attend, d.hg.
Student Senate will again this ■year, sponsor special trains -td Chicago and New Yoi'k for students who are going home oyer the Christ-^ riias vacation. A ticket office has been established at the University Book Store and will be open between 4 and 5:30 p.m. to sell identification coupons for the round-trip tickets. Due to the present'conditions this schedule is subject to change, depending on tariff conditions and the ability of the railroad to furnish coaches. Round Trip Rates Round-trip fares are as follows: Chicago, $4.00; Cleveland, $9.76; Buffalo, $16.60; New York City,'
$25.00.
Schedules are as follows: Lv. Lafayette, 12:45 p.m., Saturday, Dec. 20 (CST); Ar. Cleveland, 8:20 p.ni. (EST) ;■ Ar. Bufl’alo,. 11:55 p.m.; Ar. New York City, 8:00 a.m., Dec. 21. ’ Leave Lafayette, 1:00 p.m., Dec. 20 (CST); Ar. Chicago, 3:45 p.m.
Befoi’e an array of lighted Christmas trees and behind star-studded band fronts. Doc Mira and his newly formed campus band will provide music for the Needy Kids Tea Dance this afternoon from 4:15 to 5:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. Student Union is sponsoring the dance, which is being held to raise funds to purchase food for the needy children of Lafayette. Admission to the dance is free, but containers will be placed at various parts of the ballrooms to hold the contributions that will be made. “Concert in Swing”, Style The band of Doc Mira features music along the “concert in swing” style with such numbers as “Prelude in C Sharp Minor” and “Dark Eyes,” furnishing an important part of the repertoire. Jane Ulm, local
high school girl, and. Tom Driscoll are featured as vocalist and chief clarinetist, respectively. Doc himself is a second cousin of Guy Lombardo. Last year’s Christmas tea dance provided music from records,and cans of food and toys were brought as offerings. This method proved to be rather unsuccessful so that the new plan of hiring a band and receiving contributions in the form of money has been substituted. With the Student Union furnishing the band, full cooperation from the student body in making the affair financially successful is expected. Any donation, however small, will be appreciated and .will be passed on to the underprivileged children of the community, r.w.b.
To Students Today Sale of eight of the modernized final .examination booklets edited by the Student Senate in co-operation with the University begins today at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Sale of the remaining four will start the latter part of this week. Loose Leaf Pages This year the books are priced at twenty-five cents and are mimeographed from the stencils used for making last year’s finals. The pages are the regulation 8’/i x 11 inches, and as an aid in making the te.sts easier to woi'k with, the pages are in loose leaf form so that the individual pages can be removed at will. Aecording to Senate officials there is a list posted in the cashier’s office of the exact courses covered in each book! The books bn sale now include finals for: (1) Agricultural and forestry freshmen and sophomores (2) Freshmen engineers (3) Sophomore engineers (4) Junior and senior chemical engineers (5) Junior and senior elec.trical engineers (6) Junior and senior mechanical engineers (7) Freshmen and sophomore home economics.and. (8) Junior; and. senior metallurgical engineers. Other Books The books to be out the last part of this, week include: Junior and senior civil engineers; Junior and senior public service engineers; Freshmen and sophomore pharmacy; and all Physical education students, e.g.k.
To EnlisI Ingilteiil Lieut. Commander Bishop, U; Naval Reserve officer, will visit the campus Thursday and F^May of this week to examine applicants for ehtrance into the officer-training program of the Naval Reserve. Al} ineh interested in obtaining personal in-
Walter To Address Scabbard
Air Youth Of America
To Meet Here Annual state conference of the Air Youth of America, sponsored by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, will be held at 7:30 this evening in the south ballroom of the
Union.
Principal speaker of the evening will be Ken Harker, former president of the University model airplane club, who will talk about radio controlled airplanes. Among the actual models to be demonstrated is the 19V^ pound, 24 tube superheterodyne plane which was entered in last year’s national model contest. The meeting is open to the public and under-classmen aie especially invited to atend. t.d.
Radio Club
... will meet at 7:30 tonight in room 5 of the Electrical Engineering building. R. C. Miles, president, will give a lecture on cryptography, after which the audience wjll attempt to write and decipher secret messages of an unknown code, using the information given in the lecture. Visitors are welcome to attend this meeting. , • ■ ■ Pharmacy Group Holds Christmas Party Tonight University branch of the American Pharamaceutical Association will hold a Christmas pal'ty at 7:30 this evening in room 363 of the Un-
ion.
Entertainment will be furnished by faculty and student members of the organization. Everyone is requested to attend. Admission is free to members of the organization.
Issue Emphasizes Dairying In Defense As the last issue of the 1941 season, “The Purdue Agricultmist” has presented a special dairy'edition devoted to the theme of “food for defense.” Released last Friday, the December publication opens with a general resume of the Indiana dairy defense program written by Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department. Additional subjects covered in articles dealing with the state dairy program include: suggestions on increasing milk production, artificial breeding of dairy cattle, state dairy plants and their products and an explanation of the Secretary of Agriculture’s request for an increase of six to eight per cent in the milk production of Indiana,
a.p.h.
Winther To Speak At AIEE
University chapter of Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, at its initiation banquet'will be addressed by Colonel Walter S. Drysdale, commandant of Ft. Ben-
they will be fitted to adapt them- terviews should sign up in the perselves to the uncertain conditions in sonnet office in the Exeeuti've fiaiM-
fhe future. ing.
Feminine Views , All aspirants will be divided Agnes McCullough, president of three separate classes for
AWS, represented the feminine part ^tion. The first class will be raiinin war attitudes. She emphasized Posed of January graduates, engi-
the need for being healthy and busy neers, and students who have
and for trying to “get a little.more 2 years of mathematics, 1 yealt of out of college.” chemistry, and 1 year of phystes.
President Elliott,' giving the prin- Upon passing the physical^ex^^
cipai address, stated the part of the men will be immediately two great factions of the Univer- ^-7, the engineering
sity: those Who will leave school to , fight, and those who, will remain be- Second Group Deferred ^
hincj to study. The importance of the The second group will be madd lip latter group as compared to those of January graduates and noii-epi who will fight was brought out by gineers who, on passing the phyaia paraphj-ase of a line of Milton cal examination satisfactorily, ^ill “They also serve who only stay and be sent home on requested defdrJfstudy.” ment fro selective service, peild&lg Prexy on Draft enrollment in the next V-7 deck/^-
By way of assurance to those stu- "ext MayL;
dents who will stay, Elliott made The final group is composed of tkd the following statement which was June graduates, both engineers.ahd applauded by the student body: “It non-engineers who, after meetil|g is MY opinion, as far as can now be physical and other requiremente, forecast, .^that there is very little will be granted requested di^eXirchance of any of those young men, ments from selective service iti pjfi* between 19 and 21 being called into der that they may complete ikdir service before the close of the pres- studies. Upon receipt of their dd'*
Meeting This Afternoon
Climaxing ten weeks of intensive training, sixteen crack squads of sophomore students, under the direction of junior.officers, .recently participated in the “Distinguished Howitzer Squad” competition. Each squad consisted of ten sophomores. Placing in the order cited were teams coached by the following junior officers: W. H. Lupke, N. Spetner, J. W. Elliott, H. V. Koch, J. W. Brown, W. L. Schalliol, G. L. Richey, A. E. Arkin, W. M. Jones, C. F. Foley, L. J. Fadale, C. E. Timmons, W. L. Korte, M. R. Brechbill, M. Verba, and J. G. Hunt. A board of regular instructors of, the Military Department graded the squads and chose the winners. Basis for choosing the winner included inspection of the personnel, tests based on knowledge of the weapons, and accuracy and speed of performance in laying and firing the howitzei’s. g.w.s. Roger Williams Club
grees, however, they will be eh» rolled in V-7 either as engineers ot
as deck officers.
May Seek Further Training
Men who are accepted for the
should be sought training school may apply for fur-
ther specialized training in dibsel engineering, aeronautics or other
branches of engineering.
Engineers graduating from the officers ti-airting schools will assumtb positions in charge of the operation and maintenance of turbines, puinps.
ent year next June.”
Students making a decision on leaving school to enlist in the army were cautioned not to be “adven-ture-foolish rather than service-
wise.” ■ Advice
from family and faculty arid action on impulse should be avoided,
he said.
Student Responsibilities
For that group remaining behind, a five point bill of responsibilities was presented indicating the
M. P. Winther, vice-president of the Dynamic Corporation of Kenosha, Wise., will speak at a meeting of the AIEE at 4 p.m. today in room 129 of the electrical Engineering building. His subject will be “Speed Control in Squirrel Cage Motors.” Winther, together with his brother; is the inventor of the Louis Allis variable speed motor. The equipment used by Winther to demonstrate the principles involved in the motors will be furnished by the Louis Allis Co., with which he is affiliated. d.l.g.
Holds Annual Party Roger Williams Club will hold its aUnual Christmas party for twenty underprivileged children between the ages of five and eleven at 6:30 this evening ip the West Lafayette Baptist Church. The Club has. arranged a dinner for the children and .will present them with gifts of mittens, toys, and candy. Following the dinner the youngsters will be entertained with Christmas carols, games, and stories. The public is inviWd to attend, the admission being ten cents, w.e.h.
Col. Walter S. Drysdale jamin Harrison. The banquet will be held at 6:30 this evening in Lincoln Lodge. Colonel Drysdale, who has addressed members of the University on several occasions, has participated in many campaigns of the United States Army. It was during the Spanish-American War that he first saw service. Since then he has served during the Philippine Insurrection, the Cuban Occupation and has served as military attache of the American Embassy in Chind. For swimming the Marialao River under fire in April, 1899, during the Philippine Insurrection, he was awarded the Silver Star Citation. He was commissioned a Colonel in August, 1936. Colonel Drysdale is a graduate of the Army War College, Command and General Staff School and the Advanced Course of the Infantry School. He is on the War Department Staff Corps eligible list. k.h.
proper attitude of a student
nation at war. To the students, equipment, w.e.h
President Elliott said, “You have
a responsibility to:
1. As never before, apply your-
self as students.
2. Individually and collectively, to reduce to that minimum requisite for healthful recreation, your time, and your concentra- < tion on serious tasks. 3. Aid the University to be
economical.
4. Display your true character
as a citizen.
5. Maintain your health and
physical fitness.
Final declaration of the President concerned the formation of a Purdue Student War Council, a group which will handle studentrelations. Announcement of
electrical plants and other technical
Students Will Speak
On Activities At Forum Tomorrow
■. Fourth and last in a series .bt
freshman Forums will he held p.m. tomorrow in the west
lounge of the Union. These fpraji!^ are designed primarily to aid freshmen in their choice of a campus hd': tivity by clarifying any queslip^ they may have regarding the..re|ktiye merits and advantages df tite
various activities. . - Diedv Dibos of Student Senates SLtt
Hepburn of Student Union and^l^lli
war relations. Announcement of Gimlin of the Activities the foimation and peisonnel of that i rivinr^inn] snAftlcAvc
promised for the near
council future.
Closing the convocation, the stu
dent body sang the “Star Spangled discussion
Banner” while a spotlighted flag was lowered from above the stage.
be the principal speakers of tlte;^ernoon, talking on the theme,
ice Organizations.” After the ihdilV*
ing there will be a general rdtihd-
All freshmen vyho desire to
an active part in campus affairs ire
invited to attend, w.e.h.
Sigma Pi
Theta Alpha Phi
. . . dramatic honorary, announces the initiation of Ruth A. Dray, West Lafayette; Janet K. Decker, Lafay-
ette; Richard L. Kohls, Kentland; itiation of John L. Ahdifetiej Haskell M. Metz, Washingtoni D. C.; cage. 111.; Roy W. AbshirejKol John G. Mingle, Indianapolis; Dick Charles M. Hess, Seymbo^} M. Reul, Rosell, N. J.; and Willis T. F. Carlson, Chicago; and Lktil Wells, Bartlettsville,Okla. G. Hintz, Kokomo,
... social fraternity, aphouiji^;
.-'ft; -tS'- >
ilPiiHiliPiliPi
Purdue Exporieni
-vltl;
Tuesday, December 16,
‘>m-
h ‘
Wi
BILL OF RIGHTS: Those Basie
For Which We Must Fight
■mirn 'M' If, ■
Ertit4«v’^ Notw This editwial is r^prinCed from the Chicago Sun of Monday, Dec. li), ,
Tt^ay: is the ISOth anniversary of the adoption of the American Bill of Rights. As a fonnal affair, this notable event is submerged in the news of war and bloodshed. Men do not listen; to orators, orators- hardly listen to theinselves, when the flames of a world conflagration are crackling toward them. •Biftln'a larger sense, it is the Bill of Rights thaCthist was ds being fought over; Let the Nazis, Fascists and Japanese win, and all the rights and privileges which Ameri^m hold sacred will be swept from the face of the earth* Where then will be freedom of i-eligion, speech and pi’ess? Where will be the gharantees against unreasonable search and seizure?'Where w’ill be the rights of habeas corpus andi a fair trial according to the law of Ae laiid? In time of war these rights are always temporarily weakened. The press is not free ■ to' give information to the enemy. Spoken words which hamper recruiting are seditious. Congress has power to suspend the right of habeas'CorpUs, or the President, as command-
er, in chief, tnay do so in zones of fnillfcary' action.- ^ ^ When peace returns,, individual' rights spring back with all the resilience of g living faith. They spring back because they are part of the American heritage, stemming from Magna Carta, from the English Revolution, of 1688, from the American Revolution of 1776, from the revolt of Irish, German, Italian and; Slavic immigrants against many, a European, tyranny.: After, THIS war, ,i the Bill 'idf Rights will live only ifi peace.'is-, thepeace of victory. Something far deeper is invoWed in this struggle than can be dtescribedi ini legal deftnitions. of human; freedoms The conflict bel tween Nazism and Derpocracy goes to the very heart of man’s relationship to society. This war is a fight between those'who; believe that man exists for the-state, and those who believe that the state exists for man. When it is over, only one of these concepts will remain. If Nazism wins, liberty will be the lost heidtage of pawns arid slaves-. If Democracy wins, the real celebration will come in 1991, the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights. '
>Vs the Cork wli§^ solnnin^ thi^a|h ^he volumes of fan mail last week (all right, so WQ> did g^et, only one.,letter), we noted a message signed Freshman.” W.e, neyer knew there were any other kind, but vr.e V'^adi what th6.1h‘l had tO'say;. , . ,
/The Ratio.
m •' * f: »&■
ry.' Buck Jones''piirted',W^if^|iip;t^^, hirley Crawford, arid to coThDlet^"* ^
elry.
Shirley ,,
the whole list fol* today,
Mooney took Dale Bremerman^/.,* AVhew!' No wonder- there's- tironey’;;’
im the je-welry, .bhJM«(essi„ ^nd
before Christmas, too. " •>' f
b, .. .. ; It seems as though the military department in the last few weeks has constructed a mysterious building north of the Armory, and the lad. whs vyonjering what the shack,was fbr. He suggested that it was a bomb'shelter for Golbnel Bfeei-e. The Cork has always thought the Cbloriel to be an honorable man, and' not onfe to construct' a bombstopper for his-private use, but leaving po stone unthrown in the Necks’ never-ending^ .crusade for authentic information, the Cork started out to investigate, flip, situation. ' ,
•—I
•By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
ation the following: Harold Ickes, hard-boiled Secretary of the Interior; Colonel Donovan; Archibald'MacLeisK, Librarian of Congress and. director of. the recently, created Office of Figures and Facts; and Utric Bell, star correspondent of the Louisville Cour-ier-Journal. • Senate Resolution
First thing the President did when he retired to Speaker Rayburn’s office, following his historic message asking Congress to declare war on Japan, was to ask for a drink of wat-
er.
A pitcher,of ice water had been placed on the stand of the House “well” from vvhich he delivered the message, but in the gripping excitement of the o^'casion the President
FDRj Appoints CommiHee Ta ifcreate Gensor; Navy Blocks Latin Dispatches
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.—Behind the scenes, Roosevelt already has taken steps for a wartime censor with sweeping powers to dictate what war news shall be published or npt published in the newspapers. Already he has appointed a committee of thiee — Vice President Wallace, Postmaster General Walker and Attorney General, Biddle to lecommend a censor and draw up legislation giving authority to censor the press. Actually, the censor won’t be called by that name. His official title will be Director of Public Information. But his function will be to supervise all reports of military operations and other information deemed of military significance. , At-present, official i4po)'ts on military events are issued in the form of communiques by the War and Navy Depai tments and by the commanding, officers of units and areas. The White Hou.se also gives out fre(iiicnt announcements, and the vai--ious defense agencies do likewise. There is no one centra! supervisory and-distributing agency, as the IJriti.sh have in their Ministi-y of Information. As originallj' pioposed, the Office of the Coordinator of Information, headed by able Colonel William Donovan, wa,s to do this job. But the Army and Navy, jealous of their bureauei-atic powej-.s, objected so vehemently that the plan was d)-opped, and Donovan was given the tusk of waging the shortwave counter-i)ro])aganda wai- against, the Axis. In this work his, organization has been exti emely effective. ; Tjieithree-man cabinet committee asked'by the President to select ^jj'eensor have under consider-
overlooked it.
Second thing the President did was to relieve the tension with a wisecrack at the expense of the Senate committee which escorted him to and from the House chamber. The group consisted of Democratic Leader Alben Barkley of Kentucky, Republican Leader Charles McNary of Oregon, and spry, 83-year-old CartelGlass of Virginia. Having escorted the President out of the House chamber, they fidgeted to return to the Senate to take iqi the war i-esolution. Finally, Barkley
explained:
“Mr. President, we’re sorry, but we’ll have to go. Our colleagues are waiting in the Senate and we would like to join them.” “You can’t fool me,” grinned the President.“I know the reason you fellows are so anxious, to get away. You want to get back to the Senate so you can beat the House in passing the war resolution,” The trio admitted this was the reason and rushed off. Note: The act declaring wai- on Japan will go down in history as Senate Joint Resolution 116, since the Senate did act first. The House pa.ssed an identical resolution H. J. R. 254, hut before the lengthy House roll-call was finished, a Senate clerk appeared with the adopted S. j. R. 116. Undei- parliamentary i-ules, this was substituted for the House bill and passed by unanimous consent. • Japanese Knew In Advance If the two Japanese Ambassadors negotiating with Secretary Hull did not know their armed forces were .going to attack, apparently they, themselves, were about the only, Ja])anese around the Embassy who remained in the dark. Ryuichi Ando, listed officially a.s an attache of the Japanese Embassy, actually was a ktudent 'at Swarth-mo)-c College, living at the home of a peaceful Quaker family whei'e he
was very charming, polite and made a lot of friends. However, on Sunday; November 30, just one week before the fatal attack on Hawaii, Ando returhed to college from a trip to Washington and hastily packed his bags. Making polite farewells, he explained that he was leaving for Brazil—and-van-ished. It was seven days later that the Japanese Ambassadors delivered their final note to Secretary Hull ■— about thirt5' minutes after the attack on Honolulu began, ft C3ood Meighb^or- Censorship One of the first South American, newspapermen to file a message after the Hawaii debacle \yas Fernando Ortiz Echague, Washington eprres•pondent of La. Nacion of Buenos Aires.,La Nacion is not only one of the most influential papers in South America, but one of the biggest boosters of friendship with the United States. Senor Echague’s message, therefore, was a very friendly one. Several hours- passed, and the telegraph office finally told him his news dispatch had been held up by the naval censor — because it was written in Spanish. Later it was discovered that all messages- from Latin American newspapermen' were refused ,b.v the naval censor—because they were written in Spanish, And they continued to- be refused; even though Russian, German and Italian censors read English and every other language in order to clear .press dispatches quickly. Finally Michael McDermott, able head of the State Department’s press relation.s, called the nayal censor. and said : “These men are friends of our.s. They’re trying to consolidate public opinion foi- us in Latin Amei-ica. Ju.st clear their di.spatches for a few days until you get a Spanish-reading .sensor.” “Orders is ordeis,” replied the Navy. “We can’t, take a-chance.” (Copyright, 1941, by United Eea* ture Syndicate, Inc.)
A sti’angje'ihdividuab with a hatchet face and with the collar on his worn blue overcoat' turned-up-was, standing near the nortlj j entrance to Colonel Beere’s playhouse. W^ told him it -vvas cold;, and. he-frowned and said) “Tljanks-.” We asked him if he had a match, and he pulled out His watch and tolj us it was 3:30. Attempting another question before we turned to run, we asked, hiip if he knew what the Colongl was building the little hut for. , i . ..ft—ft ' ■ Hatchet Face smiled,, pulled his collas- tigJit about his neck, and said sweetly, ”Why the old man is going to fill the place with oil.” Astonished, the. Cork blm-ted, “No.” The Face grew angry and blurted “Yes” back at vis; so we did run, The-doo)- of the odd; structure was open apd we decided to . go see what was .inside. As we approached; the building, however, we thought of old Hatchet .Face in back of us. Perhaps he was a guard stationed near the Armory to keep tiie Japs and just such people 'as the''Cork from finding out what WAS inside. Perhaps even now Hatchet had his pistol' leveled ready to strike us down if we adyanced further, but a quick glance to the rear told us that the stranger was rapidly huri-ying away. ■ •'—♦ Sheet iron .was the material the two doors were made of; suspiciously strong for a place which was made to hold oil. But we didn’t wish to .start any rumors (sure, we lii^tened to the President) until we had a further look. The inside of the place was lined with concrete blocks with a protective covering of bricks on the outside. Then we looked at the ceiling—over a foot thick! N ■ • — •, Miiybe we had figure the Colonel wrung. -Perhaps he was preparing the spot as a retreat when Tojo’s humming birds start tossing thing.s ovei-board along the Wabash. But theie was a slight chance that the place was going to be used as a storage place for oil. ft'—ftThen came the clinching evidence. Inside sitting on the floor were two sacks witVi something in them. It was hai-dtack—a month’s supply. We didn’t have time to look inside the sacks, thinking that we heard Hatchet Face coming back, but we knew that hardtack was the only imaginable thing that the sacks could contain. So the Cork came home and wrote a very accurate account of what was going on.
The ratio took a terrific beating last week-end. The pins flew as fast as: the Kappas- could, take them'. Well, anyway, here’s the obituary list: While most people were busy brawling and 'such at the Rassle, Kappa Dottle Canfield was else-W'hejqe—engag-qd in the;mpre-sei’ious-; business of taking Jijjinny Wpr-i’s. Sigma Chi pin. Meanwhile, one of* John’s brothers. Bob Kemper; put his on Bkrhgra- Rjpystfer. Phi; Psi Bob Ehmer bl-oke the Sigma CHi charm by planting his hardware on Jo; Gardner* Tp complete the Kap,pas’ “take a pin” week-end, Jiilie Martin; took the Phi Psi emblem of John Schively. What we’d like, to know is, where were the Betas all this time?
Peggy Davis has been tl^p tft^et , fpr many a ■wisecrack—■not 'tP iphii- i'!; tion other things—around'Here three years now. Some were gppd^|; some not so good. .Anyway, .shp's,';; taken it all' ip' stViiSh like thfesport she really is, and we’;d>‘ lil£^Ss tb'make-note-of' it here; Hats- off- toj, you. Peg, fPr taking, everything so * swell., h, A.'
We thought that just about every - , pin on the campus was out, news ipeaches uSiij|Hgt,,-^lpha\..C3I).ifi Joan Sullivan has t^ken the ..Pht; Gam pin of Fred Meyers. Interest-: ing to - npte is the- fact that* Fred’s brother put his pin on Joan’s mbth,er (sorority mother) soirve time ago. That sort of rpakes ft; a ,little family affair.
The Chi O's came through with the AT(5 pin of Chuck GraftH-Mary Jane Osborne being the recipient. Not to be outdone, the Pi Phi’s have crashed into the win column again with the follo^wing: Adelc Colfe - Bi)b Swisher (at last); Marge Miller 'JResk;,(incidentally, whyjdqes Dick.jnake so many phone calls to Marge—with her. in the booth ?); Jeab Garret -, Bob Kany. iThe Pi K .A’s had thesir -Janing; also; Prexy John Loomis put his pin, on Nancy De,v»by..,. Theta^ Ester Rirchoff took Buster Nieate’s j.ew*
Janie Robinson and Wally Frkftfe arrived quite late to a- dance the . other p. m. Reason: A “Ijittle out in the country .which wound^ uj?' in Gary—over a hundred mjles away. Nothing like those little country drives. Especially with spring coming on.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phonei 562II4
Boxing Association
To Pledge TonigM
Tonight at 7 p-.m., the Purdue Boxing Association will begin pledging their new members in the pingr pong room of the Fieldhouse. According to Joe Benna, the studerit boxing coach, the fellows are rounding.into top shape. The boxers, who have now'‘entered their fourth week of practice,, are being put through strenuous workouts every evening after school in order that they can round out into condition as fast as possible. Michigan State has been definitely added to the schedule for January 30. Min-ray State Teachei-s College of Kentucky may also be added to the list, j.f.a.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
yniversity Book Store
Across I'rom Union Samnions *‘noc". Epple *40
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
^ Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Eugene PalUtte Esther. Dele Weller- Cetlett Jane' Glgii
CosmopoHtm C/i/fe
Universil-y To Hold- NighF Cl'as^ Enrol I ifhe itK Diad. i 29? vBl^'.i'str|;ti.(wi.vfot7-smgltt Basses defense training courses -vyill be held ,in Mieha;el Golden Shops next l^lpnday evening,; D.e.c. 29;,,C,lassps fqp.fhili-second quarter of. the .pro-' grani; i-vyhich: started last , fall, will start; the .first week, in Januavy. , Qpui-ses i,n. ;vai-j9iis branches of engineering, science, and- inanage-, mqnt .are being offered to meet the urgent need fpr skilled woi-ker.s in defense industries. Courses, are a-yailable, tuition free, to both-men aqd women, j.t.k. ; .
... announces the initiation of the following; Doris Rockwell, Lafayette; Ku S. Ling, Tientsin, China; John H. Yuch, Tientsin, China; Mary F. Doty, Lafayette; Mai-celo Barrehechea, Mexico City, Mexico; Foo-Sin.g Tse, .Shan.ghai, China; Naomi K. McEhvaine, Lafayette; Walter White, Gary; Frank Stecker, Willmctte, 111.; Robert G. Simpson, Lafay.ette;, Nancy Lee Dawson, Ak,ron, 0.; Joy Wampler, Lafayette; Sai-ah Sviydo)-,- Lafayette;: Mary Jane Haag,. Sandpoint, Idaho; Corrinne Jone.s, Gary; and Janet Arm.strong, Lafayette.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
DR. PAUL A* RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK
DENTISTS
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Watch The Sparks Fly I
fijuJtjdusL £xpmuinL
Ail-Americaii 194(^'41
.Entered as .second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act) of. Congress
of March 3, 187‘J, and at the special rate of po.stage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3,
1W17, authoriz. ' ■ ■
rized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regplar acadetnic year a^d weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail suK| stjriptions, $4.00. |i
ri^tor-in-Chitf N'ffwb Kditor. ... H^r(0 Kditur .
...Ned A. Ochiltree .John L. Trautrptt Phil Johnson
Business Manager.. Managing Editor Coed Editor
Don S* Powers Leiand' Wv RulFiier Ruth’Kosa
1 Pubtication Staff ( Associate Etliturs Editorial;.8tatr: J. F. A mijs. ,7. li. ArniKtronB. D. T. Brophy, Jt. L. Jindk-y, I-'. J. Jot)c.s, I-.. C, KiijjK-r. Siiirlii stair: O.T- Clarlt, J. IJ. I■-rll^c‘r, J. S. Koeler. Cot^ Staff: IWury K. Boyiiloi:, Alic-u Chatruld, Jane RaniBdcIl.
Business Staff Cued Buuineeg Manager: Donpa Siees; Office Mana,;gr: Lee BossonK. la>cal AdvertiBing Managers:. K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton j; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: 'W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers; Jean Frankcnberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones'. Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertLsing by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New 'Vork, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Nigitt Editor: Armst’irong (w||( Bdltor-: BeksUin
Night Sports Editor: Keeler
Day Editor: Boynton
Keporters: U. K. Fi,seller, J. T. Kimbrell, It. M. Schneider, 'J'. Davis, D, WaiiiiK, J. H. Frohmaii, W. J. Dvorak, D. L, Olaspie. G. W. Starr. W. E. Huston. J. F. Ackerman, J. E. Jackson. D. E. Urewer, S. A. Watson, H. W. Kricgcr.
NdW SHOWING -FIRST RUN HIT-
THRILLING
In the'dranik of a bride who lived in terror of the man she loved!
RKO RADIO Picture
with SIR C E ORIC HAROWIC K e ' NIGEL BRUCE • DAME MAY WHITTY Oiracled by ALFRED HITGHCOCJt
— ALSO—^ INPORMATI^H PLEASE
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THE GRANDEST CAST EVER PACKED
We said that this Mayflower should make history! (Well, it did!)
When we first saw Mayflower.. . with its deep V-neck ending in art enormous posy...and its floral patterned, wondrous pure-dye, pure silk Satin Beau Doscli6 fabric . we sold, "Theyfil all adore it." They do. And if you want to make some woman extra special, bewilderIngly happy, let us put it in a Christmas box for you. Petal Pink, White, and Bluebell, 32-44.
MORNING GLORY, matching bed jacket, 32-40. $3,98
iv *>■.'
* k:
I
If-killMenke Riveter Quintet Faces
ycfcrri Five lomorrow
Aiming’ ty3ward' a’ victory of' the- season’ over’ tfie I5GIiA' hardwood! five; on the Pieldhouse floor tomorrow nfght and preparing for the Great Lakes clash Priday,- ,Coach Piggy Lambert rail'the Ppllermaker basketball squad through a lengthy’drill session in yesterday’s practice. Qffensiye, drills) including under-the-basket and out-of-bounds plays, and a fast scrimmage, occupied most of the workout period’ asi the Gold •— •—u.—..n r..,,.-—_»
. . Indiana.' tlhiv
star , and; oldest of tfip sharpshfipting:, .ijujitiiiibitre fanvily), Wfll anpeSh^ withLakes Savslll'l^aining Station quintet. Mahhif, teaming with his former runhlrig;^te, Ernie led Great haheiSrj j^i Vktory ^ pvgii Bra McCraCkeh'S 19411 rndiapacpmbination. Bill i^JUoppose.'his.ypiuiger bi’other A1 who: has exhibitpd, a/fine brand pf bail fpr the Bbilermakers at the cpnter position this season, j.e.j. -•
and Bltak mentor attempted |„s|„g 2„ „a winning tO‘Sp66d‘lip tiie teain S £tttaCK gj^. Conference competition saw to overcome the expected on- them finish fourth in Southern Di-
slaught from the ;, powerful'vision’standings,
t West-coast team. ! . > -As'to what mentor Lambert will Westerners Are Big the hag to whip th^ ' , . ■ ■ , western ball club, it will probably This years’s UCLA netters, who the combination which ha^ ^ far have defeated LpyPla^iqf Lp^ “ddckdd” in;, the two successful
Angeles, 39-36, and-f lasts night played a strong Creighton quintet, boast an array of ball handlers
Tuesday>r De^#lml^r 16:, 1941
By pM johnson
Biveier Wrestlers lakl IMid western A All Crdwii
T:00
7't45 SiSO
7 :00 7;n6 8.:00
8.-Iff
S(fUASH V. i , OoUftS ij:,2,’,3’ Stg^lB Alpha Epsilori vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Sigma PI vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. 'fau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Chi. BASKETBALL Court l^-rGates Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Xi. Beta T,beta Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Tail Epsilori Phi vs. Alpha Gamma
7:00 7:16 ’8::00 8’: 16
;War<i -3^ys. Wairf; 9.
t.f^^^ehring
7:00
7:16 8:00 8': 15
7:00 ,7:16
Court.
.Acacia ve. Theta Tin.
Sigma,Pl'vs. PKi Sigma Kappa.
Ward 23 vs. Ward 30. Word' S7 vs. Ward 29.
Courts—Rafferty
Sigma Alpha ' Epsilon
Kappa Lambda.
Ward ir vs. Ward 35. Word 2 vs. -Ward 31. Warjl 26, ys. .Ward S'!. • Court 4—Barnard
® '’**• Ward-21.'
Laitibda Chi Alpha vs
Theta.
Word 24 vs. Ward 10.
Alpha
year. Sophomore A1 Mqpke), whq;
array ol ball handlers gpo^ed' t%',,nqiTlta fnom ?,^hg,( ,piyoi;'i which averap Well over six a^in^ . DeB^uf. la?!;; Friin height and- tip^ tha, ^ Uk^iir' .stajiteij.iati .pqnteP, pressiy^;:wq,^ts,.Gqrpgp^ine ,(3anteiji,;Don iBl^nkqn ^nd,
Alshn^r,.siK^qt,;20fi,ppnndiggai^,,i
and., .S^pie Las?^
for-,
l>q?jSiiAt;5 ft) f’l iUd}ipS),qi’e:,q^ed,tpdi ward.ippsitionSi.Th.ese five composed to;^park thp;inyadeTs.in eight's pre-
Fipld^qu^e^pssle.,;,,,;;,, scripimage and oifensiVq
‘LaKrSfcGittteiDnfeenior guard at 6 di:ilh.,ap|d(. a iSecqifd team, utilizing,. 2',iinj,>is;igppthe,r.,,Y;ptpr,9p)iiap,d ,.:Kj|pnipe,^t: cen,tp:p, Riley and .Polk, John Frypr, ,6;fti,.;4w» Juptp>:',cqnterj,.jak,;gyhMd?v:pPh)Tierney and Hoff-,; u ;30d; pounde}:;) i^^J Jprw^^^ds', also saw plenty;’
vi,ph,^^shf’if.PRt,fpl•,wq^;d, qwpf^efthq,
likely firsU flyefTor .tfie ..qnpppnter),,, .Ridday. night will present the ;Gpach;iiy(iJbuy..Jpljp ipdhu,tqdifii^.f toughq^jyBoilermaker competition,he HaSj.more.;tqJent,ib,es,idp,g.dhP; all op.,.the net court yet this season,., ready .mentioned. staJ’s,,hr;i;pging to' an all-star line-up of fqrnier colLafayette, eight reserves,,-alf,who legiate hardwood wonders compos^', hayp shown well in both, la-st year's ing the Great. Lakes combination: contents and .this year’s engage- which will appean in the Fieldhouse. ment with Loyola. The Uclans are ’ - .■
► Oh: Indiana,,To You! Gan you alLiremember .;how for .so:’many- ydars our dowhstate rival has dominated the, cross country and wrestling in the state and in the conference? Yes, the Hoosiers had the best distance men and the best grapplers for so long .that, they thought it wps their own, perennial blessing to excel! in these fields. But aill that was B.R.A-P-C.T.P. (before
Reeck and Phillips came,to Purdue).
Now the Cream and Crimson must be content to bask in the background while the Gold and iBiaqk athletes take the limelight in these
sports. Our day has come. . ,
ItVOiir Year So Far ^
Coach Hermon Phillips’ said-when he first came to Purdue that if he ever beat, Indiana;, in . cross,, .country he’d resign,. NpW' ihp’iS.: afi’aid
Coach Reeck’s Boilermakqr wrestling squad Won the Mid-’ western AAU championship for the second straight season last Saturday night at the McKinley Park fieldhouse in Chicago, by defeating a strong field of 75 matmen who repre-
sented seven of the Big Ten schools, and several other ath-
letic organizations.
The victorious Boilermakers won''
someone wijl; remember if, fqii. his.'distance team completely dominated , firsts but only three of them
looking forward to a more successr ful season as compared to that of last year, which ended'up with the Los Angeles squad on the short
GIRLS’ BOWLING LEAGUE Tod4y^:00 P. M. Pi Beta Phi vs.’ Phi Miiv Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Delta Gamma. Alpha Chi vs. Alpha Xi Deltii. Kappa Alpha Thata'vs. Alpha Chi Omega.
the middle^ west,,this,.seaspn^^highlighting the,year With a dual meet, ^^Ve counted in the team total of trouncing .pf Indiana, as Well,as iectippletely . overshadowing thepi in’the points because two of the state and'Big iPepiineets. ..if , Riveters were ineligible., If these Saturday vat Chicago Captain Casey Fredericks led the Boilermaker points could have been added, the wrestling team, to their? second .CQnsepqtive Mid-western AAU mat title, tournament would have developed domineerijig the meet. with,;fi.ye cb.atppions and a runner-up. Although, i”^°^ complete rout for the Boiler-
two of .these champions did not. cpunt,iin the scoring as they Wrestled i , unattached,, the .BpUprmaker, team still nearly doubled the points of Undefeated Still
their nearest oppopenfi; none. pth.er,bhan Indiana'University.,. . Casey Fredericks the Riveter ► It Was’A’Gireaf DlSy' Ftilr"T1fe= Grapplers captain who has never been cleEighteen Riveter ip’Ssbler^i^paliHedffof’finals iitfthe meet in which i” competition, was vicseven Big Ten teams partieipatfdiapdi iP'which.several Y‘s and indus- ^°^’°''® ^^8 pound class. In
trial teams competed. . r. r;: ,. „??.• , .
The sponsors of the meet must have never heard of the current shortage of metal, as the trophy which they awarded the victors .stands over three feet tall and is one of the most beautiful trophies ever won by any Purdue team; The indivjllual awards were no miniatures, stand-
ing nearly two feet in height. ■, v
The entire conglomeration of trophies which the Boilermaker team
Meet the Team
presenting^
his two previous years of collegiate competition, Fredericks won the 121
pound crown';
Eighteen members of the Riveter team qualified for the tournament on Friday night; this was twice as many as any other school could
annexed (the only thing of gold they didn’t get was one of the officials’
—For Years to Come!
The results of the finals of the tournament were as follows: 121 Pounds-—Malcolm MacDonald,
Purdue, beat Nick Meleas," Chi-
Fiitqpiitiiiie is the answer Ip the ever-puzzling, gift ^Ipstion"’—here are a few hints for Yule shojiper-s ■ to qonibine cheer aiid utility! i '
|]»eet this Gorgeous Secretary : Ttu|^ magnificertt'ih frfbil^iiioiigh
^ td ^^'riicely into the smallest * non^^yailalfie: in' wfilnut dr ' iniihogany;. . / here’s the, Best ; gift;‘‘huhch-’ dri Santa’s list !.
|ip|^a||i|^',:;€eda^ Chests ' Teimcfi'^efe'Md ccdnr oiie^t's, .with''" ’ full wphiut veneering of unusual; ' ;qu!iIiiy,,;/Vsj lovy;,)is , 1
gold teeth) is now on, display at Red’s Barbdid Shop! in . the village,
“whore the elite meet to discuss sports.’’'
► Former Gridders H'ad" A Tough We^ek-EndV ilt was a. rneky-road'OH’.which! fdumer; UdiWTSfily .Rien .plpdded this eago.
past week-end. The best attempts of former gridders Cecil Isbell and 128 Pounds —Casey Fredericks, Lou Brock weren’t good' enough to stop the ’Yankess. of: pro .football, Purdue, beat Miles Taylor, Norththe Chicago Bears. ' western.
But the worst was not this football game, Little Jimmy Phelan, .who led the last Boilermaker Big Ten championship-tpam in 1929;, felt the swift blitzkrieg of the axe along with bis two assistants, both Purdue alumni, Cotton Wilcox and Pest Welch. Phelan was a former Notre Dame stai’, but ’Wilcpx starred! at Purdue in 1904] ’05, ’06]. and Welch was the man of the hour in 1927, ’28, ’29, wh'en he led the Boilermaker a.s an All-American. Said Coach Phelan of the action of the .University of Washington, “It looks like another Pearl Harbor job.” He’s a little off, though, as Pearl Harbor is just where it always was, just a little scratched.
136 Pounds—Louis Kachiroubas, (Continued on Page 4)
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES
BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 Stale St. Dial 5952
Don Blanken
S'
■ » ■
Breath-taking heauty, combined with grand'Utility-t-lurge: roomy desks in wal-
nut' veineers, designed to fit into any d e b o r a t i v.e motifi: Only .: i .
195«
liicxiiciisivc Phone Sets The; two pieces, desk and matching bhair, make an ihexpensive yet decidedly welcome Yule gift Jfor any home . . . . , . . .
Give Book Cases
The lover of hook.'' will lluink yon for yoiir lhouglnfulncsK. One Iriiii ;model is priced at
A Triiinly Styled
Trim, smart and nj^odern. A splendid piece of edmfoitable fuinithre, priced to make it possible for you to give something really worth while, without a huge outlay. Your choice of a variety of beautiful covers. ,
Buy Yule Gifts the “Cheerful Budget Wuf’
FURNITURE SHOP 4lli Floor
SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS
MADRASES
TWILLS
By Martin Gwosdow Heading this year’s Riveter hard-, wood squad is one of the most adept ball-handlers in the history of. the old Gold and Black. A graduate of West Dundee High School in illin-. ois, Don starred for three years; ©!!, the baseball, basketball and football teams of that institution, besides running for one season on the track
team. ' He stands six feet one, tipping the scales at one hundred and seventy pounds. Last year he ranked seventh (Continued on Page 4)
BROADCLOTHS
CHAMBRAYS !l OXFORD CLOTHS
Tan Hjap^^en - ng EsiisIPT “ MarHiopo
fl.«9
The Store for Men
If you wanl lo make his Clirislinas merrY, by all niean.s give
him some of lliesc lieauliful, extra quality shirts. There are hundreds and hundreds of them on ever dreamt of , every eoneeivahle color and pattern, every type of collar and eiiff. Slioose from the largest and best selection in town. Be
sure to shop now!
SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS SHIRTS
Tfw itianii'ure set coiiipleteiii a simulated Saddle Leather Casit
h
Every manicure esaeniial ■ in a compact, easy-to- ’ pack case. Contains , polish, polish remover, cuticle oil, nail file, cutioJe ■ scissors, cuticle pusher, manicure tissues and cotton.
A smart loop handle with jlold An-' isli clasp. Rad, Blue,and Ifaiwrai, Other L,a Cross patiah and iiapMment sets If l <6 US (plus tm*).
Toiletries
Street Floor
iH,iif}
»*<
,i ¥*‘"1 ^ A "( v'
t-qf
lit- ' I
|P%«f
Purdue Exponent
i ’ '”"'1''' /if ' i ' 'S;?V'’lil'' > *■■’ I ' V- ^ r" ,, " ^ Tuesday, December
leet The Team
^ <Continued fiom page 3) m scoring in the Big Ten with one Hundred and twenty-one points. ’ He ife eligible for the draft and ih'Ould like to seive in the field arilllery instead of the infantiy. j ^lenn Miller’s smooth rhythm appeals to Don, whose favoiite song lit the moment is “Eveivthing Hap- ® ^ns To Me ” 7 |>hio State, Minnesota Tough The highly touted Ohio State and Minnesota basketball teams a]ppeai tb Don to be the strongest in the Hig Ten. Howevei, he believes that if all of the playeis will coopeiate, ^he Big Ten title will rest with the Boilei makers ^ Don IS also a pitchei on the Riv btcr vait-ity baseball team, and his Smbition, if the ainiy does not get hiOir IS to be a piofessional ball jilaj'er m the big leagues of basket-' ^rll oj baseball 3 A choice piece of Danish cake ^ his piefeiied desseit, while his ^aroiite iiist'uctoi seems to be Pio ife SOI Jlaitsell of the biology de ^rtment. l^n IS an independent and is enrolled in the P E school ans a sen Joi His heait inteiest is shaied by gill from Dundee, Illinois which means that some Boileimakei coed ilh'-'t another good man 1 Robert Simpson To Talk |kf Hort Society Meeting ' “t.ife Histoiy of the Oichid” will ^ the topic of a talk by Robeit Kimpsoii, giaduate student, when he f}>€gks to the Horticultural Society fcraojrow at 7 30 p m in room 117 of the Horticultural building Colored slides of the vaiious types of jchid blooms m the Univeisity hten houses will he shown with the peture. A shoit business meeting rill follow 1 m s
Notices
Science Seniors Oraduating id January are asked to call at Dean Endei*? office Coulter Hall at Ihcir eailie^tt 'Convenience
—LNDFRS
Purdue Gymnastic Club Members aie asked to pay their dues for Nov and Doc at the office of Di Fast wood Room 110 at the Fieldhouse •—POZER Mathematics 10 > Quiz on Wednesdav Dec I*" will bo held in Room 3n of the Recitation binldinji AYRES Repistrotion Workers bturjcnls who wish to vvork fir the Rejiistiar dunnp: the second omestci JOKistration lanuarv 27 and 28 1042 are lequestcd to make application be feroe Chnstnns on blanl s to be obtained at the Registrai s office Those nith pic Mous expel lonce at repristration or in other cloiical jobs arc ffiven pieference —R B STONE
’ The aveiage first yeai college ^iil spends |108 foi loom decoiafroiis and $120 foi colthes, a checkup indicated
Classified Ads
TjptWnters—Adhnp Maclnncs dll malt « 5il itl !*■ t ttd rt-puirt-d anti purclia i M t f trr..Jill Motif dont- r J Ebtrshtll Hi M iin rf tayettf Phone 2"7'i ^ rxpunent Carner' W-inteil MuH h\^t la jcle or oar Appiv Exponent olTuc 4 Ij p. m
Riveter Wrestlers (Continued tiom page 3) Duncan YMCA, beat Chester Rob bins, Indiana 145 Pounds — Waiien Gicgoiy, Pill due, beat I^obeit Butt, Pin due 155 Pounds —Ilomei Fawcett, Inland Steel, beat Matt Soslowski, unattached 165 Pounds — Rogei Claseman, Puidue, beat Len Humphreville, Chicago 176 Pounds—Ilany Tiaftei, In diana, beat Nick Anthonisin unattached ’ Heavyweight—Italo Rossi, Pin due, beat Bill Combs, Michigan Way Out In Front The victoiious Boileimaker wiestling team piled up a total oi 20 points, nine moie than weic amassed by the Univcisity ot In diana which finished second Inland Steel came in thud, followed by Duncan “Y”, Noithwestein, Chicago, Wheaton, Michigan, Oak Park “Y”, and McKinley Park Coach Reeck, the Boilei maker mentoi, i evealed that he needs moie freshmen who weigh less than 130 pounds on the Rivetci mat squad The coach emphasizes the fact that previous expeiicnce is not neccs
caiy
The sound, which con'-ists of thirty men at the piesent, works out daily at 4 P M in the Field house The next match on the Boil eimaker wiestling schedule will ba held on Maich 31, with Findlay fuinishmg the opposition i w k
Undereraduate Dames Club Will hold a dinnor dance at the W Lafayette Country Club Tuesday Dec 16 at 6 30 Call Mrs Tack Burl c before Sunday foi reservations
—VOLIjMEK
POMM Time for Debris pictures has been chanpred Watch this column for new time BllSHNELL Electrical EiiKinecrinsr Seniors Important you confei with me befoic holidays aCRardinK second semester electives and le-
flimemcfits lor piiduation
D D EWING
Rogers Williams Club Christmas party foi undcrpiivilejred chiidien Tiiebday Dec 16 at ( 30 p m at West Lafayette Baptist Church Admission lOe
/ —ARTMAN
Christian Science Organization Regular mtctm,, 7 30 p m Tuesd ly Doc 16 ir Room 303 of the Union
-LOCKWOOD
Radio Club Mcclinu will be held Tuesday December 16 at 7 30 in room 6 of
E 1 building \
MILES
Engineering Students ASME will present third of weekly meetings luesday Decern her 16 at 7 30 p ra in South Ballroom of Union Ihc subject will be ladio contiolled m idols ind will fciture a demonstration of actual models Since the opportunity to see actual model aiiplnnes contiolled by ladio IS rale it is important for lU slu Icnts to lUend Upperr lassmen aie cs prciilh invited to attend -TOPINKA
All Basketball Ushers and Police All workers must report to Pieldhouse and have their attendance checked before 6 lii p m Wednesday December 17th in order to receive credit for working at the UCLA
game
—RANEY
Forestry Club Meeting Tuesday Decern bi^r 16 at 7 30 p m in lOom 117 of the Horticulture Building
- SCHNEIDER
Thomas Say Entomological Society There will be a mooting on Thursday Doc 18 at
7 30 p m in Agricultural Hall
CLARK
Ceres Ihcre will lie no meeting Tuesday Deo 16 Thi next meeting will be Januaiv 6 1342 CALLAHAN Union Board Meeting Tuesday December 14 at 5 p m in the office Please be prompt STAREK Independent Staff Pictures will be taken Wednesd rv Ded ’7 Como to the meeting dressed for it Meeting \m11 be held at 7 15 p ra SMULEVll/ Triton Club Chnstnias party in woman s 1 ym Tuesday Dec 16 it 7 30 p m KRAEPFLILN PIA Orders for PIA pins which aio in the office before Thin sdav Dec 18 at 5 30 p m may be filled hy Chiistmas We will base thetii(sent to your homes COD so there will bo no dept sit lequncd Samples may be seen in the PIA oHiee and puces range trom 81 00 to Hi 60
All Advance Course ROTC Students Re port to main office Puiduc Armory Monday Tuesday or Wednesday to sign payioll and other required papers
—GRAHAM
Marriage Course Meet Thursday De cember 18 instead of Fiiday Dec 19 at regular time to hear Di Rice - BENNETT SCA Members Board meeting Tuesday Dec 16, at 30 p m in room 66 of the Union —PORTER
Undergraduate Dames Christmas dinner will be held at West Side Country Club lueSday Decembei lb Ihose not having transportation meet at main lounge of the Union at 6 30 p m Bring a IOl gift and a dish of Chiistmas candy —VOLLMER Scabbard and Blaoe x ormal initiation at 4 30 T» m Tuesday Dec 16 intheAimory Attendance for active members is icquired Weal formal uniform with white shirt lianquet w ill follow at 6 30 at Lincoln Lodge All memheis and pledges having cars houid bung them —SULLIVAN
Linqerinq Luxury Jnr Christmas Day... and every Davf
Q
BY
YARDLEY
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
Fresfi, 5we©t fragrance and lasting charm of fwo famous Yardley colognes—Lotus Cologne and April Violets, prettily boxed with four tablets of Lavender Guest Soap. As nice a gift as any one could ask for. Give them $183 to all your friends, and pay only I Tardley products for America are created In England and finished in the USA from the Original English rormulae combining Imported and dorocsll Ingredie. Is
"33
PIA Board Members« Important speoial meeting Wednesday, Ded 17 4 P m. Please be there —ELDER Chi Epsilon. All actives and pledges be in the Old Chestnut room of the Upion at 6 30 p. m on Thqhsday Dec 18, for formal initiation Banqliet will fMIpW at -FANT
WAA Volley Ball Fresh tryout either Thursday Dec 18 or Monday Jan 6 Anyone with two practices and one intraniural game IS eligible to tryout
CC
CD
S''
A/euA Mcdcked Set
m
Towel Shop
Street Floor
Mcnlpiu^ied V&wei IwXxU/uf m 'tbidtmctwe and QkeiMmi You will prize these luxury towels with their sculptured texture collector's pieces for sumptuous bath luxury Close weave, thick-loop quplity, in colors Jade, Maize, Azure, Peach, Rose, Turquoise, White Bath Towels Size 22x44 $100 Face Towel Size 16x30 59c Wash Cloth Size 12y2xl2l/2 25c
THE
■I'il
TO GET YOUR 1942 DEBRIS For $4.50 TOMORROW THE PRICE WILL BE $5.00 BUY NOW AND SAVE THAT HALF-BUCK!! 1942 DEBRIS
Southworth’s
TOILET KIT Slide-fastened pigskin with boxes and bottles for all the necessities complete $ 10 00
We’ve prepaied a whole lot of suggestions for the fellows away at camp—things they can use—things they’ll appreciate Be sure to visit our downstairs GIFT SHOP for gift ideas.
Oui ‘Service” G’fts aie officially appiovod Ici training camp life'
MILITARY BRUSHES Two handsome, finely bristled brushes m a slide-fastened pigskin case Complete $3 00
ELECTRIC RAZOR . is something he’ll leally go foi All nationally known makes $4 95 to $17 50
and DOZENS OF OTHER GIFTS for the MEN in SERVICE
PURW BOOK S SIIPI'LV STflllE 308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYCTTE IND
Southworth’s
if