u ^
^, ‘Csssa
I, ' ‘iij
il '*^1 ^ 4m 'fii ' "V Bapif Parade Ta Feature ^ Fields^ DuYilram, Thiiirultd} mTm^x *■ t> ■' *' UrfhrtWHtSell Tickets For September M\ If* * ^9 A ^ * *¥■! I Est'abliahQd IS89 umce Sefies; Sales Begin Thursday Swingiitlg back into action following the summer’s subdued ^o^*****^ 55, No. 2 schedule of dances featuring “big name” bands, the Student ^ a k. ■ Union'yesterday afternoon announced its Band Parade for l|, ' ijjL ^ B Hr* September that will bring Shep Fields, Sunny Dunham, and ML ■ ■ |LJg Claude-Phornhill to the campus on consecutive Friday nights. ■ J K T The hew plan includes sale of tickets for the entire Parade ■ ^ ^ 9m in addition to tickets for the ■-'■>■" ■' ^ individual dances. Tickets for TT^ f f-Lt. / ^ the series will be sold for $4.00, *Jwfl«l© I O nO/Or jjk ■ ■■ 11' including tax, and will consist |m m 11 ^|4:S of perforated stubs for each of CiBCtlOnS I W C W tlllwllll WS 111 the dances. Price for individual dances will be $1.65. T*/iic AAfvrvfh ff"' ■ II* I Shep Fields will present his * /YlC/mfl “hefw iriueic” in both Union ball- e«. m. b1£B I ■ I IZs room, on Friday, Septemb„ U, t. ftudenfS Will ChoOSe V< •» otien the Parade. Dunham’s orches- SophoitlOffiS/JIIIIIIOI'S m UI^bbwa Imi tra will appear here on the 18th, Elected by popular vote and peti- ^tUuOutS itQBi rlOCKQnmf with Claude Thornhill’s band clos- tions, the Student Senate members ^ . ing the senes on the 26th. ^ave always played an important lH'f'l'niTf J^'lFOf'V Ticket Sale Begins Thursday part in governing the student body I f f lil livf Jr Vid'Vf'ffkF Sale of special tickets for tHe\i- ^ ^ new’record for freshman enrollment at the University tire Parade will begin Thursday in legislative duties of the 4.uTUJi4.a4-^ «• i, o i''on tbe South ballrooms. Tickets to in- ^^oup it annually publishes the was established last Saturday morning when 2,120 new gtudividual dances will be sold the fi’eshman handbook, maintains a dents, including transfer and graduate students, gS,thered in night of the dance, according to found, department, handles the Hall of Music for an introductory convocation that opened present plans. Purchase of the sin- rating, publicity, elections, annual Orientation period. gle ticket will amount to a saving impiovements, addition to the students who entered the University i^dr of 23.76 per cent of the total cost of lists tutors. J nnc .c u n j 4? individual dances, according to Stu- Elections for the Senate will be the first time, 365 freshmen enrolled for the war-time summer dent Union President Ralph Deus- around September 20. At this term last May, bringing the — ter. Sale of the Parade tickets will time eight sophdlnoie and eight jun- actual indicated freshman AU/C FnfAfIfalll last up to and including the night 1°^ will be filled by repre- class to approximately 2,400 aS nJlJ lU Einivllulli of the-Shep Fields dance. elected by the student gQj^pg^j,g(j -with the previous y J Al Vt'IIVIJ Th-e u„,o„ wi„ sp.„sy.. rejd high of 2,197 new stu- New Coeds At WRH »' TW. Fvonmn • - Bandg fm-these dances will be an- ImSCYenilig' nouncad a, a late, date. Ih.tke“”7" “ With a cowb.y band to provide Senate like most ot the other activi- WO™™ stud™ts fte proper atmosphere. Associated milCJrAl lim;)ni7;iilAnC ties on the campus is operating on a Saturday moining’s preliminary Women Students will enteitain the I lUiJiVUl VIgUIIIXrllllVlIiJ semester basis in that all elections coupled with the summer new freshman and transfer coeds t - appointments are for one se- legistration. The largest in- at a ranch style picnic this evening m HnlH TfVAIlfC mester only crease was shown in the fieshman at 6:30 on the lawn of Women’s IU I lUlU 11 yUUI J rpj^g engineeiing class, with 1,370 appli- Residence Hall South. ' ^ r ^ I are Joe Neff, president; Dave Frost, Spoits clothes, including slacks, FrinilV Anri \ailirriav ^^ce president; Jackson O’Connell, ^ overalls and jodpurs, will be the IIIM1I| rlllU XHIUIUI1| secretary, and Bob Wilson, tr(la^Ii't*'‘>d“ced To Songs, Yells pioper attire for the “Frosh Frolic”. Albert P. Stewart, director of the ^he other members of the sen-' * The opening activities of the ''J" Universitv JVriisinal Ore-nriivatloiis 'or board are Wade Neal and Jack Orientation Period, which is de- m order to give the fieshmen an opw^h^ teWsTn tL Sandlebin. signed to bridge the gap between Portunity to become .better acqFridav and Saturday for the Uni Junior Executives high school and college, included an uainted. No counselors will be alversitv Choir r?ee Club Conceit executives for the 'Senate address by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, lowed, to attend the picnic, which is Choir and Orchestra, subsequent to ^'e as followsi^Paul Miller, Gordon assistant to the President, and an tho TnadQ TO-iioHriuK, inaf Mnniiav nt Hoffman, Dick Lindquist, Dorothy introduction to University songs couiiseiozs oniy. which he. exnlained the nrocedure Canfield, Don Biewer, Barbara Wi- and yells under direction of Albert Tickets will be on sale today at for irettine into one of the ore-an- Woolery, Miller Nourse, P. Stewart, choral director, and l^l^® South Residence Hall and at ivntihTic! 1^^ Fingl, Roger Moynahan and Bruce E. Adams, head yell leader. Registration. The price will be 15c rn, TV . .A ^1 . 1. . Ross McGee. t Instruction providing preliminary foi' coeds living in the Halls and « 1. ® ^Callouts for Senate workers will registration was provided by Regis- for otheis. nfshes all the music for the re igious announced after elections and trar R. B. Stone, at which'time the Next event of the AWS orientameetings sponsored by the Univer- workers will be eligible for students filled out the various pre- tiuu program for the new coeds will SI y ui ng t e year, consists o ap- appointment to junior executive po- registration forms. Later the new series of four Collegiene proximately 260 voices, and is a students were introduced to Dean Chats beginning Wednesday, Seprtixed group. During the Easter and ^ Goldsmith and Act- tember 9. Topics to be discussed Christmas seasons the University ^ U L T IM ing Dean of Women Clare Coolidge, are etiqdette, activities, clothes and choir forms the feature attraction ^^Ufy Fl9|inS 0 P ftV and Janet Glatz, of Lafayette, ex- ^he University’s work in the war. at special convocations. I ''''keLtec"bL'vr"is„,For Mixer Saturday Exponent Staff ally known group which took second mers, director of the division of There will be a compulsory place in Fred Waring’s national col- Maury Mahns and his orchestra educational reference, explained the meeting of all elected liiembers iegiate Glee Club competition held will provide the rhythms for the purpose of the Orientation testi, of the staff this afternoon at 4' irt New York on May 31 of this year, first mixer of the fall semester this ’furn To Exams p. m. in the Exponent office. No The Glee Club has a membership Satuiday night. Featuring dancing Following the convocations, the excuses accepted, centering around fifty, and the or- in both ballrooms of the Union, new students turned their attention —AMOS ganization takes several trips each Mahns’ band will play sweet and to a psychological examination and ^ ^ i -ni. yfear as well as taking part in a good jive music for dancers from 8:30 tests in English placement and com- W many radio broadcasts over nation- until 11:30. position. To wind up the day, the U'piA|CTl^l|AII wide hook-ups. Union officials have issued a spe- freshmen met by schools in order to a ‘ All of the better singers of the invitation to the new freshmen become acquainted with class mates Ainiii]l««’ Glee Club and the University Choir ^^^^e also announced that the and staff members. Saturday night jl^Ctivll'lltwS go into the Concert Choir which is regular mixer prices of $1.10 will they were guests at a miXer dance Tuesday, September t considered the musical honorary so- prevail at this opening mixer. in the Memorial Union Building. Hun-Jz 8:00 A. M. ciety on thb campus. The activities ____________________________________________ Ka-Kim 8:30 A.M. of this group are similar to tliose of , , «■, Kin-Kul 9:00 A. M. the-Glee Club in that they travel CjKn^niT^tinn TKum-Lev 9:?0A.M. throughout the country to give con- f f Of f f.3 f f Ut fVC# O Lgw-Lz 10:00 A. M. certs, and the Concert Choir also In /tirfffC'FffOC M-Maj t 10:30A.M. does a good deal of broadcast work. ■ vf III Im^ddl^KB 11 IkMlM^LI IC^ (inch all Me and Mac) Both the Glee Club and the concert Direct contact with the government in regard to war train- Mak-Mem ll':00'A. M. choir appear at various convocations • University and throughout the state is maintained I'Ulf.yfear. by the rapidly expanding Engineering, Science, Management jij'je.p'aq ... 2:00 P.M. Orchestra Accompanies Choir Defense Training department here, under the direction of Par-Piq ..... 2’:30p’.m’. ' Those/ interested in orchestral Beese."Occupying almost the entire second floor Pir-Red 3:00P.M. Work should plan to try out for the of the Service and Stores building, the ESMDT office is buzz- Itee-Rof ,.. 3:30 P. M. flniversity orchestra which is com- ing with the activity of the forty or more people in adminis- Eog-Sb 4:00 J^.M. posed of selected ffiayers, both eds trative capacities of the pro Npw undergraduate and special and coeds. The University orches- ffram in thii:! >:(tfltp experience in various fields students register/according to thentra accomnanin^ tba TTnivar^itv State. experience in vaiious neius. numbers in the orientation period, tra accompanies the University Rxnandpd a vear affo in Also under the direction of Prof. choir during the special Easter and ffixpanaeu a year ago in Opp„p • . as follows. Christmas Convos and in addition Washington, ESMDT operates ® ,.’ onal shop, welding, and Tuesday, September 1 omiBLinas (.^onvos ana in aaaition _ ,. •z.t. tn/z ■ machine shop courses are being t -Am tara o.aa * ^ the orchestra furnishes instrument- in connection With 190 univer- 267 townsmen in both day .1' 2 insi'llfiO 7 M al music for many other campus sities throughout the country, and night courses. Thirty-four thou- aJ nfi/iAao " ' omn a' m' shows and speqial events. The or- ^nd the department here is second sand man hours of training have oo ta,.- -aaa a!oa a’ iw* chestra also does some traveling to laigest in the United States. already been finished in these oa\ia looiiAnn 'in-nn A M other parts of the state for the pur- aqa t n * v poiirspii i 1321-1400 .... 10.00 A. M. nose of trivino' concerts and it tnnlf ^ ^ courses. 111-132 1401-1480 ... 10:30’A. M. pLtin somc LXffe^ University’s program is be- In other cities 10 weeks’full tune 133.154 148I.156O . ..11:0'0 A. M. I, ■ fered in 61 cities throughout Indi- being given in drawing, chemistry, 177.198 1641-1720 1:30 P. M. "k n • ^ana. Eight hundred and eighty math, physics, and engineering ma- 199.220 1721-1800 2:00 P. M. Phi KSPPS PSI classes have been started during terials and processes. 221-242 .1801-1880 2:30 P. _ the past year, 43 of which are con- , 2'43-264 1881-1960 . . 3:00 P. M. . . . social fraternity, announces ducted here, and 22,700 people were 265>-286 1961-2040 3:30 P. M. tlio pledging of the following men: enrolled. ExCOnent Stoff 287-308 2041-2120 ..4:00 P.M. J’ack Vaughn, Lafayette; Max Tut- Main purpose of the program now „ fcJl.V4.il Wednesday, September 2 tie, Indianapolis; Dick Hines, Bil- is to train people for jobs in Indus- Meeting of all junior, sopho- 309-330 2121-2200 . . 8:00 A. M. lings, Mont.; Dick Stuntz, Indian--try in connection with the war ef- more and freshman editorial and 331-352 2201-2280 8:30 A. Mf. apolis; Bob Nathens, Wilmette, 111.; fort. The courses offered most gen- coed staff members of the Ex- 353-374' 2281'-2360i.... 9:00’A-. M'. Chuck Kreger, Winnetka, 111.; Ed erally are all types of engineering, ponent and Independent in the 375-396 2361-2440. . 9:30 A. M. Bishop, Winnetka, 111.; Marlin Reed, advanced and basic, and studies of ollice tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. 397-418 2441-2520 ....10:00 A. M. Zion, 111.; Jim Flaiity, Indianapolis; manufacturing processes and man- Work schedules and social pro- 419-440 2621-2600 10:30 A. ll?. Bob Ostrander, Oak Park, 111.; Jack agement. gram lor coming .semester will'bfe 441-462 2001-2680 11':o'd A^ M. Marqui.s, LaGrange, 111.; Phil Sav- Recruited From Industry worked out. Notify us if you can- 463-484 2681-2760...^.. l-rOO P. M. ap, Eggortsville, N. Y.; John Instructors in other cities are not be present so other arrange-, 485-506 2761-2840 1:30 P. M. Spaulding, Indianapolis; and Ken principally men recruited from in- ments can be made, i 507-528 2841-2920 2:00 P. M. Blliotb, Sheridan, dustry who have garnered practical ARMSTRONG and BART A 629-550- 2921-end 2:30 P. M,
West' Ldifayciffe, fncfiana'
fuaaday, Sepfem^nei ti. t^42
fformer Governor Will 0fkftis5 Tducathn^s Place In The War^ j With Fatal V. McNutt, head of the nation’s War Manpower Commission, as principal spea&er, the University will officially- open its sixty-ninth academic year ^t the “Will to Win” convoca^
tion tornorrow night at 7:30 in the Music Hall.
President E. C. Elliott, now serving as chief of the professional and technical personnel division of the War Manpower Commission, will' fly with McNutt from Washington to pre-
side over the all-University convocation.
In addition to the address by McNutt, now one of me big five on Roosevelt’s war council on
-V
Book Exchange Will Open Tpmorrpw Clerks Will Receive Used Books Today Doors of the South Union Ballroom will open at 10:00 a. m. tomorrow for the eleventh time in as many semesters, as the Student Book Exchange prepared to serve the University students. Books were received yesterday and receiving will continue today. Regular exchange hours will be 10 a. m. to 5- p. m. throughout the week and bwners of books will not be permitted to charge more than 75 per cent of the original purchase price during the sale. According to the Board of Control, all money and unsold books must be claimed before noon, September 12, following the sale. Those failing to comply will automatically forfeit their right to the mbney or the books. Any leftover books will be sold on the wholesale market, and remaining funds will be added to the Book Exchange
Fund.
Started in 1937 Inaugurated in January, 1937, the Student Book Exchange was organized to promote the exchange of student books under a non-profit system. There is a great demand at the present for engineering and math
texts.
Volunteer student labor makes this book exchange possible, for the entire personnel, with the exception of one paid cashier to handle actual money transactions, made up of responsible student workers—work-
“EdUcation’s Place in the War,” short talks will be given by President Elliotf, Ralph Deuster, president of the Student Union and chairm^iil of the Student War Council; Joe Neff, president of the Student Senate; and Florence Croll, pfesident
of Associated W6men Students.
Music will be Atmished by the Symphonic Band, the Men's Glee Cl^,b and the' audience. - -
The band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick, will play “Hail America” and the'Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart, will sing “This Is My Country.” The audience will join with the band and Glee Club
Paul V. McNutt
Publication Carries Article By Hockema
Trahving
fn Htvmair Engineering “The n^tionaf defense program Has imposed immediate changes upon institutions of higher learning—changes which in all probability will have aii enduring effect,” declares FroT. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to th6 President, in an article on “A Backward Look for a^ Forward Plan,” which is featur^in the August issue of “Electe^mEq,gineering,” monthly publiration of the American Institute of Electrical
Engineers.
In his significant discussion of
the results of a two month study of the problems, confronting' ms&^ tutions of higher learning, which was made possible by a Grant-in-Aid from the Carnegie Corporation, Prof. Hockema makes a plea for , moi;e emphapis on fundamentalsaraj. whab jhe'.terms “human engineering,” or human relationships.
Fit Curriculum To Student “Instead of fitting the stud^t tU
the curriculum, as is so often the case, the college should fit the curriculum to the- student," declarer
to sing VThe Star-Spangled Banner”, “America” and “Back to Old
Purdue.”
Native Hoosier
McNutt, a native Hoosier, went Prof. Hockema. He also suggests to Washington in 1939 as Federal that the scope of physical educaSecurity Administrator and held tjon in institutions of higher Ihamthat position until a few months ago ing be enlarged to include physical
ei's willing to put in many hours of when he was given his- present job fitness for each student, and that spare time clerking and checking ac- as manpower czar. more attention be given to training counts. - McNutt earned his A.B. degree in the principles of Executive and Students bringing books to the at Indiana University where he was administrative work.
a fraternity brother of Wendell He points out that since the beWilkie. While at Indiana he demon,-.^ ginning of World War II educationl strated his abilities as a “joiner’^, institutions, trddq schools^ apprenaetiyities leader and campus poll- tice schools, and industries have cotician and also found time to make operated in a' joint program to
exchange will leave them at the receiving desk and will be givon, in return, a three-sectioned receipt slip —one section going to the seller, one to the exchange bookkeeper, and
the third is pasted in the book. The Phi Beta Kappa. teach self-reliant citizen to work exchange will handle only first se- In 1914 McNutt was admitted to in various^ fi6l<is '^necessary j;o thdmester books and no new or out-of- the Inffiana bar and began practice national defense program. ' „ ' .date issues can be accepted for sale, at Martinsville with his father. Two Training For Practical Living ^ Within an hour after a book has year§ later he received his Doctor’s “This training.,is not’only prepabeen sold, its number, correspond- degree at Harvard, and-in 1917 he ration for' practical living, but is ing to the one on the student’s re- joined the faculty of‘Indiana Uni- also a stiniulus to independence of ceipt slip, will be posted on a bul- versity as associate professor. At character,” writes Prof. Hockema. letin board and the student may col- the age of 34 he became Dean qf “Because of. ihdividual differences lect his money at a date which will the Ii^diana Law SchooTand served it should'lnot matter whether the be set by the Student Book Ex- iij that position fi oih 1926 to 1933 service be jflainting masterpieces or
change Board of Control.
See CONVOCATION, page 4,
Registration Fee finds WfWe Variety Of Uses On Campus
By Pat Miller
lumberjacking, writing novels or driving a grocery 'truck, leading an orchesti'a or cultivating a Jtract of ' land, commanding the a^lause of audiences or t^acHiftgTn a remote district—if tl^lpai ticular job exercises all of the individual’s best powers, that person will be doing;
lU e
Beige cordui'oy skirts adopted by Gold Peppers as official attire for senior women are now available at Lafayette stores to those coeds who placed their orders l*&t.spring. The skirts were chosen with tli#
Did you ever wonder what hap- books in the library which cover'ey! anyone can hope to see him pened to all the money which leaves eyything from reference books'arid < • i.
your hands quite suddenly on regis- magazines on all subjects to modtration day ? The size of the check ern short stories by your favorite m^ary from $28, if you’re one of author. Nine dollars for student act^^ distinguished in state stu- tivities buys that little cardboard dints with no laboratory courses, folder with a pictur^f the student From there the figures rise to a on it that is calle^a passport bepossible $200 for beginning out of cause it'will get oife into such places state.engineers. as convocations. Big Ten athletic $54 Is Rock Bottom Fee events, movie reviews and other
Of the regular $64' which is rock University affairs,
bottom for all those who are not All chemistry courses require a distinguis’hed students or otherwise $6 deposit which wijl be returned,
exempted from incidental and lah theoretically, at the end of the se- they might become as traand library fees, $6 goes for regis- mester, pioviding that the student ditional as the yellow cords for sen-
tration, another $5 for incidental hasn’t broken any of the interesting ‘P'p”'
fees, a third $5 for recreation, and and complicated things that are in- Senior coeds who want the skirt# a fourth $5 for medical and infirm- side the chem lockers. If something ordqr them from the Lafayetw ary fees. is broken the price of it is deducted stores. Prices range from $3.98 up. The medical and infirmary fees from the $5 deposit. All ag students “ choice of styles is offered,
are a sort of health insurance to are requested to deposit $6 for the keep students well and save them first year, probably for wear and money if they do get sick. This $5 tear on animals, and other ag equipcovers up to $20 hopsitalization and' ment. General Engineering courses free service from the physicians in require $3 per course on deposit,
the health service. too. Lockei's in different buildings known as M. L. II. The course vei# Activities Cost $9 run from 50c up, with a $1 deposit be offered Monday, Wednesday ai^d' The laboratory ‘^and library fees, providing a lock and towel service at 9 and is open to ail stu-
amounting to $26, give access to the in the gym. dents.
Prof, Brenes
. will teach a new course in bi^. ginning Portugese which will bft*>-< . Is.
m:
, I’r^? iT '>■ ’i' ^ »'' ''•.'!^v ..sw^s-vjwfw’T ■- w; \ "■ .'ill*'Pa^ 2 ■ PurdliU "'Exponent Tuesday, September I, 1942
X
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editeriel and Buiinli*, Purdue Memorial Unibn, Phone 4Qd5 Sportst Pieldhoiise, Phone 2792 Editorial Phene After to p. fn., 53^77
Etiitor-in-Chicf News Editor Manapinir Editor Sporis Editor; Business Monaircr Circulation Manaitcr.. Coed Editor
John F. Amoii ..............Don T. Brophr ...John ,fl. Arntstrone ........Robert 'L. Htidley ......William D. MiUatd Ken K. GJemre .........:...AHco ChatBild
Publication Staff , ' Associate Editors .. s . Editorial StalT: R. W. Boswinkle, Di'Ev BtitIti.W. G. Hbskiiti, A. I’. Hunter,. D. W. OchHtrfe W.i E. RSfOrt. \ Sports StalT: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawsbri, E. L. KOrpiOk. ■ Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte HaSS, Jean LauOr. Businets Staff Cued Business Manager; Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Kloutnan. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers; Ellen Clark, Jane Keinf.
The Purdue Independenl-
Editor-in-Chief Manatring Editor.. Business Manager Coed Editor . Sports Editor Advertising Managrer.. Accounts Managrer...;... Circulation Manager...
Dave. Birtii .... :.Ed Ku(nniir«y Elwtn WOIbattm E^erta. Kdasler ., .;....BIU KlUigreW .....Scott .Brojra ..George Paltie ..Bareld Hendricks
Staff For Thit.htuo Night Editor: Hunter SporU Editor: Brewer Daj' Editor: Lauer , Issni Editor: Vigh Reporters; Abbett, Murphy. Fawcett.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I.afiiyr etle. Indiana, under the act of Congress pi March 3, 18,79.; and at, the .special rate of postage provided for in section 1193, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Pilblisned oh Wednesday. Friday and Sunday mornings during the Slimmer f.eniester and daily except Monday during the fall aiid winter semesters. Delivered locally by carrier, for 31.26 for summer .semester; mailed subscription $1,90. Represented for national advertising bji National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 430, Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. .
>SourNote... The quaintest logic we’ve seen in a long time is that that has been eminating from Cary Halls lately. First, all the men with less than about a four-point index were arbitrarily tossed out so that there-wbuld be more room for incoming freshmen. Then, the mapagRnc'it turned around and refused to let fellows who had signed contracts but wanted to break them to live in fraternities do so. That there was a waiting list of freshmen who wanted rooms made no difference whatsoever. It didn’t make any difference eiither that there were freshmen entering school Who had already paid a ten-dollar deposit for a Cary Hall room and that some of these had even selected rooms. They were told that they couldn’t have rooms because there were none ayailable. In some cases letters were written indicating that the rooms were beingheld for Indiana students since Purdue was an Indiana university. In other cases, however, men from out of the state were given roorns. The 'dividing line actually seems to .have been the graduation rank from high school. Certainly not an adequate criterion. ; From a strictly pedagogical point of view, ilie reason might be that it is bad for a person’s moral training to be allowed to break a pohtract. From a much more realistic point of view, what sort of respect will a person show a place where he is forced to live ? In the past few years Cary Club built up an organization so that men in the Halls felt that they had a common bond. It is certainly flat-' tering to the fraternities that Mr. Arbuckle •feels that a man can be loyal to a fraternity
By Bert Squieir . After one glance at the size of the campus and the number of students milling around, the average freshman rushes up to the nearest upper-classman to ask “Where does an alien go to register?” Jhst to add to the general confusion, we are going to settle the freshman’s three greatest problems—studies, clothes and dates-^right now before the semester even gets started. ‘ If you happen to be perplexed as to how to divide youf time between studies and the worth-while things of college life, perhaps we can help. Don’t give too much time to homework. An hour spent on Saturday night while you’re waiting for your date to get dressed should be sufficient. Of course, if she hasn’t ipuch to .put on, you may have to cram a little, but theh; what the heck7 . Be Okreful about your schedule. Some people prefer to sleep late in the morning and take their class in the afternoon, but others like their afternoons free. (Just by way of warning: If you can'get anything free in college, take it quick).. Personally, we ptefer oui' class from 1 to 2 p. m. We need our morning sleep, and anyhow nothing really starts until half
past two.
“Is tonight’s dance informal or do I wear my shoes?” Such problems of dress often come up in college. As a general rule, a girl makes no mistake in wearing a simple afternoon dress in the afternoon and a nightgown at night. With men, dress is even less af a problem. A black tie is always appropriate, provided you’re wearing a collar, of course. Tails, we believe, look good only on dogs, and even they sometimes have theirs cut. The old saying ^that “the first one out of the house in the morning is the best dressed” is still true, but in these days of shortages, we may have to revise it to read “the first one out df the houM in the morning is the only one dressed.” And novAto the greatest topic of them all, about which -v^e shml be^very brief. In fact, women were only brought in to'get you to read this far—sort of like the professor’s dirty joke in the first class meeting. But, we might mention one point of etiquette. If your date should ever say “Thanks for the hug,” you should bow deeply and reply, “The pressure was
all mine.”
Next to the phrase “It’s on the house, boys,” a jnan’s name is the sweetest sound to him in the English language. A good memory for names has been the secret of many successful people. Of course, you have to be able to associate the name with a face. As a rule, We have a terrilSl^ memory for^ faces. The only reason that we can recognize our friends is that they have such terrible faces. In your coming years of college you will have many problems, but the hardest tfilngs to deal with will be old packs of cards., If you can handle them, you are all set. And remember, above all, frosh, if you use your text-books, it will spoil their resale value.
and still have enough loyalty left over to be of more value to the Halls than a Cary Club man .who has less than a four-point index or an independent man who is just starting/in school. • 'As far as the index requirement is concerned, we thought that since the Halls were biiilt mostly with state and fedeijal money that if a man could maintain what the University and the Army considers “good standing” it wodld be good enough for the Halls. But we seem to be wrong. As we see it this action is unnecessary, foolish and extremely short-sighted at best. All concerned, both the fellows who are in the Halls arid don’t want to be and those that aren’t and wish they were, deserve better treatment. Nor are the Halls themselves
ahead now.
University Recorhinends Less Driving Letters asking parents to "aid ini the rubber conservation program by limiting student use of automobiles have been sent to the parents of all members of the student body. These letters are the result of a survey made by a special committee on the use of cars by students during the present emergency. The decision to send the letters was made by the executive cojmmittee upon the recommendations of the special comtnittee. Findings of the committee showed that there were 835 student cars registered during the last year. In addition to this it is known that there are many student cars hot registered with the University., ; Faculty Gf oup Riding Membets of'the University’staff and ■Uniye!js|^:;.^ployees have already VdopteQ' a system of group riding. The coirtihittee decided, that a complete piTOilbition of the use of cats by students was impractical and unfair at the present time, due to a'certaiii amount of essential transportation that would Have to be covered by exemptions. A letfeeru-from the Office of De-fen’sC’-Transportation, received in reply to one from the special committee, stated that there had been.’ nq;,SRecial.. appeal to students as to tfie^ffmiting of the use of passenger automobiles to^ essential uses only, but that one might be forthcoming in the near, future. Reasons for restricting the use of the cars a^e the critical rubber "shortagh, and the fact that student cars are usually used for convenience rather than necessity, since the majority of. the student body lives within walking distance of the campus, or has public transportation facilities available. Action on the problem was taken after numerous complaints from various sources had been bi’ought to the attention of University officials. They reported that the student operation of cars for personal pleasure is a matter of growing rev' sentment on the part of many citizens, especially legislators and draft board officials, during this time when conservation is of vital
•importance.
Members of the special committee assigned to make the survey are Professor J. L. Lingo, chairman; Acting Dean of Women, Clare Coolidge; Assistant Dean of Engineering, W. A. Knapp; R. T. Hamilton, Ralph Deus?er, Joe Neff and
John Amos.
Personnel Service September Engineer
Demands SMent Apiieiils hr Rwis
“ At Registration |n Wcsf Lafayette
University students play a big part in the work of the Personnel Department, which brings representatives of industry to the campus to interview prospective seniors for employment. The department cannot function without complete information concerning each senior, both as to his scholastic record and his social activity, and it cannot get this information without aid from the students. Freshmen To Fill Out Cards Soon after registration gRch freshman will be called upon by one of the student personnel representatives to fill out his personnel record card, which is his perijianent personnel record, not only while he is in the University but also after he leaves. It gives the history of four years of effort to employers, and upon it they base their decisions of whom they wish to inter-
view.
It is important that this record be filled out promptly so that the records may be properly organized and filed. Freshmen who do not appear at the time appointed to fill out this card will have this fact entered on the card, not as a threat or punishment but as one of the characteristics of the student about which employers will want to know. • While this one fact in itself means little, an accumulation of such information becomes very meaningful in interpreting the student’s habits and attitudes. Committee Work To Be Explained In the same interview the student personnel representative will explain to the freshman the function of the Student Personnel Committee. This Committee, consisting of upperclaasSnen from the schools of Science and Engineering has two functions. The first of these is to help the freshmen by completing the personnel records for all new students in the University.' The second is to give experience in industrial organization and procedure to the members of the committee. This organization will also be a clearing house for information and help not avaalable elsewhere, with immediate regard to selective service and the various reserves of the armed forces.
In the regular September issue of the Purdue Engineer are the regular features of Sidelight, a pictorial section. Campus Croostalk, with the news of the campus, and the Editor’s Wastebasket, with bits of engineering information, and articles
oil Electricity for Aircraft.
Because of printing difficulties, this publication was not out yesterday, but will appear today at registration. Present subscribers may pick up their issue at the Engineer booth in the Armory. New subscriptions will also be taken at the
booth during registration.
The Engineer will also contain features of Fifty Thousand Class Cards Three Times Each Year (what happens to the class cards used at registration); Ingenious Engineer, which traces the transformation of the automotive industry from peacetime to war-time production; The Mass Spectrometer, Powdered Metallurgy and Decomracy in Its Strug-
gle Looks to the Engineer. Glenn L. Jenkins
. . . IJean of the School of Pharmacy, was elected as vice-chairman of the House of Delegates at the annual meeting of the American Pharmaceutical Association which was held recently at Denver. At the same time Prof. Charles 0. Lee,'also of the Pharmacy School, was elected as vice-president of the National
Organization.
Capt. Ben H. Petty . . . professor of highway engineering at the University, spoke on the topic “1. ,S. P. E. in Civilian Defense” at a picnic sponsored by the Anthony Wayne chapter of the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers at Oliver Lake, LaGrange County, last Saturday afternoon
and evening.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS ^— ;—^
In order ttf avert a fhfe^iieiijeil housing shortage, an urgent appeal to West Lafayette residents to majfcp available any' extara’irbt^ffiS ,ihi l^hgir honies to PurdUe studefits lor tftb coming fall term V2as issued yesterday by Dean of Men Fred^. (JbJiismith. . '/T’ ’. Dean Goldsmith poiilted out that with ja large part of the ififin’s reM-' dence halls given over to the Na.yal Training School and all .indications pointing to possibly the largest freshman class in history, ah unusual demand has been created for rooming house facilities. . ' West Lafayette residents were asked to contact the .Dean of Men’s office by telephone listing any a'vaiiable facilities. Rooms offered to alleviate the housing, situation will be surveyed by a representati-ve of the office of the Dean of Men and be made available to new students who
arrive on the campus.
Senior Pictures December arid May gradnates who have not had their sejiibr' Debris pictures taken may register for an appointment iri' the Armory, near the automobile registration tables. WISKE '
Hays jewelry Co# 131 North Fourth St; Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS ^ University Book Store Across From UdIob "Red” Semmons *29 ‘•DooV Epple *40
Southworth’s
tamsm — NOW PLAYING — IIOTEO THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE! OREER WAITER [GARSpN PiDGEON — IN—.
•|MRS. MINIVER I
New Aero Building io Open This Week For FairClisws
By Ed Stephenson Construction of the new Aeronautical Engineering Buirding behind the Mechanical school got under way early in May, after a three liionth.s’ battle for priorities and a few .special trips to Washington. The original desjgri of the structure had to be changed fo eliminate much of the steel specified for its construction before^ it was approved by the priorities board. When the. building is completed, it will, with the engine and flight te.stiqg laboratories located at the University airport, give the University the most complete facilities for
the instruction of Aeronautical Engineeririg that are offered in any engineering school in the country,according to Prof. E. F. Bruhn of the School of Aeronautical and Mechanical Engineering. Ready For Fall Term Although all of the installations will not be completed, most of the building will be in use during the fall semester. Parts of the building which will not be completed until January include the two wind tunnels, designed by the department, and certain research equipment that is. unobtainable because of priorities. One of the wind tunnels will be of the “silent”. type, carrying low velocities of wind for purposes, of demonstration, -while the other will be a high velocity research tunnel; capable of producing a 120 mile-an-hour gale. ' • ;; The first floor of the new home for the Aeronautical school is built on specially designed concrete foundations to provide a base for a re-
search laboratory capable of testing whole airplanes for stresses and »ati!ains. Another special feature in the design of the building is the fact that it was planned so that two additional stories may be added when the school warrants expansion. New Aero Degree Ottered Although electives in aeronautics have been offered in the University since 1926, this year’s junior class will be the first one to have the opportunity of obtaining d degree in Aeronautical Engineering. The curriculum for the school includes thir-ty-three hours of strictly aeronautical subjects, as well as many M.E. courses. The new building will house facilities for the offices of the teachers, an extensive testing laboratory on the first floor and classrooms for ■aircraft construction, design and drafting. Extensive engine and flight testing laboratories for the school are located in the new buildings at the Airport.
LUMA TODAY - TOMORROW
Morguerile CHpiWfianAViiriYi/fight
JONES MILLER \mwARjTAm^^
FREE! Registration in Southworth’s WHO’S WHERE DIRECTORY continues at a furious pace!
Tlie filing of names and answering of inquiries keeps, two beautiful co-eds quite busy. There is still time to register if your name is not already in the \\ This temporary student direc- ^ tory is absolutely a FREE Service to everyone — nothing to buy and “no strings”. We hope you use it to your advantage. Register today at Sonthworth’s information desk! Pi S. The girls know all the answers.
308-to flATE tlWEET WEIT LAFAVETTE IND
~ Soulhworth’a
NARS TODAY-TOMORROW Did sha do wrong? Well ... aha didn't do bad .. . 1.
K'r'PATRI^mp^LEs“pW pV' RALPH Bin^LAMy p'S i 'I E U Q E N £ PA t L B T T E
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Killer Bogart . Takes the Gestapo for a Ride—What
with HUMPHREY BOGART CONRAD VELDT KAAREN VERNE
-plds-
Funnier than the Comic Strip SNUFFY SMITH BARNEY GOOGLE in HILLBILLY BLITZKRIEG
Start Cookin' on the Front Burner Get Your DEBRIS Now for $3.50 Price Goes Up Saturday, September 5
"A. '■'t:
>
f57
'1'
4j i ' ' t*
{' ' iv‘,™A'T^'y• 1'" ^ *'’’*’ ’’ ’ ■* ' '
•"<' f,
■yf -fiiif.i
pte0aay„ September I 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page B
bumham Calls Out Gridders In First Practice
n
|4dctey Announces Call Out piates For Freshman Athletics I'tlifttfes for tHe initial meetings of freshman candidates for ilh ditf ereirtt sports squads were announced last night by Guy iMche^, athletic director, following consultation with the vari-
o|i$ coatihes.
f Firosh football candidates will be the first group to report, initial nieeting being scheduled for Thursday night at 7:30
pion to Sponsor iard Tournament
o’clock in the Fieldhouse. At the preliminary meeting, the yearling gridders will be adIressed by Head Varsity Coach Elmer Burnham as well as Em-
, {Exhibition game of 18.2 Balkline mett Lowery, new head freshbe held tomorrow at 8 p. m. in man mentor, and will receive intftfe ijnion Billiard Room., The par- structions regarding the issuance of iippdnts will be John Marr and equipment for the first practice, Coach Wbitney. M*arr has the ad- .which will probably be held Friday V^hbEtge of a 260-150 handicap. The afternoon. ^dferee for the bout will be K. A. Meetings Listed L|ng and the acorer v^ill be John Meetings for other freshman Bldntdn. Both officials have been sports groups, which will be held in i!v|ihher» in redent campus tourneys, the Fieldhouse at 7:30 o’clock on , :Since many coeds have indicated the dates listed, are scheduled as interest in pocket billiards they are follows: pabtidnlarly invited to this exhibi- Sept. 8—Baseball. tioM game. . Sept. 16—Track and cross-coun-
try.
Sept. 17—^JVrestling. Sept. 18—Golf. Sept. 21—Tennis. Sept. 22—Squash. Freshman basketball candidates will report for the first time on the upper gymnasium floor on Tuesday afternoon. Sept. 16, at 4 o’clock, while swimming candidates have been called to meet in the pool on Thursday evening. Sept. 17, at 7:30 o’clock.
Hdme Games Will Start ttalf Hour Later In '42 'All Boilermaker home football kaihes will start oire,-half hour later than normally this fall, allowing ft^s from a distance extra time for travel, it was announced yesterday b^Guy Mackey, athletic director. .'The Boilermakers’ first three home games with Fordham, Wisetpisii;, and Great Lakes will all iljiart at 2:30 p. m., CWT, while the ^]|imiana finale will get underway at
m., CWT.
{fn annourtcing the changes in Starting tinaes, Director Mackey 'pointed out that light conditions "Vvhl be'eVep better than under the bid schedule, due to Congressional Action advanciiik the nation’s clocks ohe hour oiTSwar-time basis. complete home schedbriralc^i^arting times follows: wirt, 2ft-kF0rdham, 2:30 p. m.
Oct. 24—Wisconsin, 2:30 p. m. Nov. —Great Lakes, 2: 30 p. m. Nov. 21—Indiana, 2:00 p. m. Sale of season tickets for the most attractive home schedule m Boilermaker football history continues to run well ahead of last year. Sale of season tickets will close on Sept. 12, although the sale of tickets for individual games will continue through the remainder of the fall.
Guards Numerous, Centers Scarce On Iowa Squad Iowa City, Aug. 31—Numerical-^ ly, guards have the championship of the University of Iowa football squad, and three of the dozen are “I” men, but there are only four centers and none with much experience. Gene Curran, 193, of Chicago, 111., regular for the past one and onehalf seasons, is the guard leader-, followed closely by Del Dickerhoof, 196, of Bellaire, 0., and Bob Penaluna, ^16, of Waterloo, each of whom did a lot of playing last sea-
son.
Sophs Stand Out Tops among the sophomores are Ralph Beardsley, 202, of Anamosa, an all-stater in prep days; Bob Liddy, 180, of Monticello; and Don Lehmkuhl, 200, of Cedar Rapids. Squad members of last fall, who may be improved, are Harris Stageberg, 196, of Dell Rapids, S. D.; and Bob Richardson, 200, of Jeffer-
son.
Sophomore guards who -vAint to break in are Orville Davidsmeyer, 166, of Downers Grove, 111.; Leo Masterson, 205, of Louisville, O.; Bob Davis, 176, of Des Moines; and Keith Stinson, 160, of New Hamp-
ton.
Center Spot A Problem The center post is one of the problems, following the loss of Bill Diehl and George Frye by graduation. Bob Lauterbach, 195, of Sac City; and Tom Hand, 196, of Emmetsburg, are seniors with slight experience who will have their chance now that Diehl and Frye are gone, and Forrest MasterXon, 220, of Louisville, 0., brother of Guard Leo; and Bob Weber, 200, of Muscatine, a Squad member last year, ^re other candidates. Iowa’s squad Of about 51 players will report Tuesday morning. Sept. 1, for the first practice. The 10game season opens Sept. 19 against Washington university here.
Schumacher Endi^ Gridiron Activities For Duration Of War Hal Schumacher, veteran fullback from Chicago, 111., has been added to the list of major letter winners who have suspended their collegiate gridiron acjtjvities for the duration of the war at least. Schumacher, the lone m^or letter winner on the, Boilermaker football roster for this fa,ll, has already reported for duty .with the Army
Badger Fortunes Rest On Large Football Turnout
Hal Schumacher
and is now stationed at Camp Grant. The former Tilden Tedh Star was a starting fullback lor Camp Grant in the Chicago Bear game last Saturday in which the lone touchdown for the' soldiers was scored by another former Riveter star, James Cary. With Schumacher removed from the fullback roster. Coach Elmer Burnham will be forced to depefid on a trio of likely looking sophomores for the post, including Bob Bachmann, LaPorte; Charles Close, Fort Wayne, and Joseph Winkler,
Madison, Wis., Aug. 31 — Fortunes of the 1942 University of Wisconsin football squad will rest on the shoulders of approximately 64 candidates who are expected to turn out tomorrow for the opening grid drills at Camp Randall. While this season’s opening squad is approximately the same size as the average Badger personnel for the past few seasons, it is expected that it will be greatly augmented after school starts as the Badgers are again playing a “B”
squad schedule.
Twenty-two of the men expected back are lettermen. One, end Robert Stupka 'of Watertown, won his minor letter two years ago. The remainder are members of the class of 1946 and Stulhdreher expects that many of them will ujtunately pi Lake their places in the first string^!
lineup.
While the opening date of practice is ten days ahead of the usual starting date, the Badgers will be in heed of the opportunity for the two-a-day sessions as they must be ready for game action on Sept. 19 when they open up their toughest schedule in history against Camp Grant pn’Camp Randall. For the next nine Saturday afternoons it will be nothing but the hardest kind of going for the Cardinal eleven as their opponents will compose the class of Middle Western gridiron machines.
Eighty ^^iveters Will Start Workouts Today Preparation for the most strenuous schedule in the history of Boilermaker fo^all, faced by Elmer Burnham in his gridiron debut in Big Ten football, will start this afternoon when the new mentor calls together almost eighty Riveter pigskin aspirants in their first drill of the 1942 season. Ross-Ade field, back of the Fieldhouse, will be the scene of intense activity as the varsity-
Gopher Coach Shifts Backs To Gain Power
men and reserve talent assemble together for the first time since Burnham ran the squad through spring practice drills. Individual workouts, however, by several of the athletes remaining in school during the summer, preceded today’s <call-out. Minneapolis, Aug., 31—’(^jjat,
switches must be made in the back- With only a little more than three field of Minnesota’s football team weeks in which to prepare for the to produce the greatest gaining season’s opener with Fordham's power, and who shall be used at left rugged Sugar Bowl champions here abE to give the team greatest bal- on SCpt. 26, Burnham indicated that ance are problems now troubling therd' would be little time lost in the coaching staff according to Red preliminaries, and that he hopes to Dawson, backfield coach. If Bill be able to stage the first scrimmage Daley goes to left, as seems prob- of the season by the end of the week able, a couple of new fullbacks will in attempting to perfect the hew have to be developed. If he doesn’t, short punt formation which he in-
there’s to be an important berth open that will give the sophomores
something to scramble for. Garnaas Calls Signals
One certainty in the situation seems to be that Bill Garnaas, blocking back, will do the signal calling, although there are several
stalled during spring drill. Thei Boilermakers will enjoy double drills today and tomorrow, but will revert ot the one-a-day schedule on Thursday when fall term classes open for the University. , i In order to make possible individualized attention for every mem-
SAVE HERE i ^ on USED and NEW Books and School Supplie^i
All approved books and supplies for Engineering,
Agriculture, Science and Home Economicsi
Ax..'-
, Ji
■I . i.
Dietzgen and K. &. E. Drafting Supplies.
of Hammond. Burnham also indicated that there is a possibility that major letterman Bill Buffington, of Peru, may be shifted from halfback to bolster the .berth. Schumacher is the sixth undergraduate letterman to join the armed services since the close of last football season. Other lettermen who are already in service include Marion Carter hiid Francis Meakim, halfbacks; Bob Johnson, center, and John Vecs and Charles Ehrlich, guards. As a result of the service losses, the squad of 42 men expected to report to Burnham for the opening of practice today will contain only 17 of the 23 holdover major letternj^n from last fall’s squad.
others who can alternate with him ^®^ *^® squad, Burnham has tenat that chore,, including Joe Lauter- tatively split the gridders into two bach, Jim Haley, and two promising groups, the varsity and the “Bees”, sophomores, Jerry Carle and Frank '^iH be approximately equal Johnson, whojs to be moved into “BeeS” will play a the backfield from the schedule in addition to the rigorous Herman Frickey, ihe spWly varsity card, and Burnham is now junior who made the winning touch- seeking additional games with serv-
down run against Michigan last season, will have first option on the right halfback position. He not only has speed but is an accurate passer. Two St. Cloud boys. Bob Hary
ice elevens, secondary schools, or
other reserve elevens. Lettermen Strong
Despite service losses, which' have removed six prospective letter
ich\ er- \ ter \
and Dick Luckemeyer, are picked ™an candidates fjom the roster to break into the varsity scene in since last football season, seventeen, their first year". Dawson was niajor lettermen remain on the tenpleased with the way these men varsity roster of 42 players, performed through spring practice '^^® varsity group include 14 and plans to use them as, alternates sophomores, 13 juniors, and 15 sen-
at right half. ^^^sqmeyer, a former
state dash champion, is the fastest Letterman who are expected to 'man on the squad. Hary is noted for report on Tuesday morning include his cutback technique. (See BURNHAM, page 4)
Southworth’s
Complete line of Scheaffer, Parker, Eversharp and Esterbrook Fountain Pens.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Unioii Building M. C. "Red" Sammons, '29 , k r. w. "Doc" Epple, '40
BACK TO SCHOOL . . . MEANS MORE LETTER WRITING.
Southworth s Has a Larger Selection of ATTRACTIVE STATIONERY
This big selection of fine letter papers makes it easy for you to find the style that fits your personalit . . . and the price that fits your budget.
RYTEX —Printed with your name and address or your monogram — $1.00 P Stationery Paper arid Envelopes with your School Crest —
10^ and up ...
308-«O STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTB INO
Southworth V■I'SJJv*..
b"
IS
Mertes Burnham
U. S. Ciyn Service Commission announces openings for junior physicists, fBjpOO a i^etar; and medical thchnicians^t $l*,4i()^$2,0tt0 a' year. There are nor written eJtaminations for these, positions. Applications iniky be^obtaihed at the Lafayette Postdiffibe. I^or:^rther ihforinatibn calf the Placement Service for V^Ohsiea (29B6). jlforth American Aviation,. Inc;, Inglewood, Calif.—Coming September 17 and 18. Interested in Dec. hf. E., C. E., E. E., and Aero. E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturd^’, September 12, 164», The PrestrO*-Lite Co;, Inc., Indianapolis—Coming September 15. Interested, in M. E., Met. E., Ch. E., and Ihdustrial E. Sign in Personnel Olfice by Monday, September 14; ^ Carttegie-lllinDis Stteeli Corporatipn) Chicago,, _ 111.—Interested in wpmen'who have majored in Chemistry or who have had at least 2 years of this subject. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, September 12.
(Continued'from page 3) Alex Leugo, center; Williain Powers, guai-d; Barry French, Bruce Warren and Ewell O’Bryan, tackles; LaVern King-,, Forrest McCaffey, William Shimer andi Fred Smerke, ends; Robeit Hajzyk and Vincent Snyder, quarterbacks; and Tony Berto, William Buffington, Robert Chester, Walter Cook and Kenneth Smock, halfbacks. Burnham, the new offensive'-mind-ed Riveter head mentor, will be. assisted in handling the varsity group by Athletic Director Guy Mackey, Mel Taube, and Dutch Fehring, all familiar figures to Boilermaker football followers. The “Bee” squad will be under the immediate charge of Sam VoinofF, assisted by Wellman France. Burnham pointed out that there will be a place on the football squad for every student who'wishes to obtain competitive experience, and that there will Be no hard'and fast line between the varsity and* “Bee” groups.
I Notices
Tan' B«ta- PI- Pledpea; Here ir it- liirt -of the actives: J. H. Armstrong, R. T. Ball, D. D. Barta, L. I* Bonham,; R. B. Bouahan, W; K. Burnside; T. Hi Curry, Ei, E, Dteispr, ■R. W. Deuster, Vf. J. Frhntz, O. A-. Frost, D. O. Henriksen, A. W; Hub'ert, Rl Ij. Jenkins, W.. C. Koorner, R. S. Kolb,. C. B. Leber, F. J. McDonald, B.'W. Meier, Hi M. Merrill, R. W. Orr, A'. F. Pier,. Hi J. Reed, H. D. Shekels, W. L. SbHallioi; W, S. SHockeneV, R. E. Sprague, R. Jl Taylor,' H. R. Velkoff, R. J. Viaiii, Ri A. VonBehren; W. C. Walker, H. M. Whippo, G. R. Wolter, Jl T. Youngblood. —YOUNGBLOOD Fraternity Rush Chairman: A supplement to the list of incoming freshmen iS aVailalile at the Fraternity Affairs Office. Come up and get your copy. —SCHWAB
’ SCA HhUac PretdAenta: Minutes of' August Board meeting are available at'the west desk. ’ . -f-MQGAyBRb G. E. IPand.G; E. 12 EkaM: Fo^ removal of', "C” grades wilt bd held. .Shiftember B at 1 o’clock. Room 201, Michael. Golden Shops. : —RISING Sigma Pelta Psl Meiahers: Local keys are available for members. Get i them at i once. Pity Frank MbCUrn
—ARNOLD
Engineer' Staff: All; staff mefnherfe ttUd * vvorkera report to the office‘Thursday, September 3, at 7 p. m. ; for an important meeting. No imexcused- absences, • ! --YO0NGBI1OOD ' All Organization Presidenfs:. Plan on having' yiour organizations- anU' activity groups ready for the group pictures for the Debris, to be taken the last Week in September. You will be notified as to the exact time and date. .—HECKARD
standing,, B —lT. CbL. HICKS , bolSi^<i> terr t, snoulif^ *Vi>ly at RoOm B-t interested hi 'diisoclafe Cary plub./: ^ ' —— .iiy t in''the' basement of tKe Armory. Week ship should Jatfuirq At,the'Ca£Jf.;Iia ThoS* ihtftekikdf lh Enlisted Reserve: Aff days; 9' ,to, 12’a. m. and 1 to B p. id; . Siit- offthfe’ foV' fTOtheijir students deSIHn^'Ift^rmation regarding the urdliy,‘9 to* 12 a. in. “ —GRAtoAM’. inust be. nOnrfi?atctnits!,. nfeglpfhS Enlisted Rh^erye: Goi^s or to enlist in the _ livgd ill. tne nails’.'fong.Ob' Enlisted RlMerW Corps, dnfilig the period- i vF'drrtier Gai'jf GliifB MbmberS: Any'felliSWa 7 ‘ . •
POMM: Keys are now available at .iew. dry store. ‘—HUNT
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday night,
September 3, at 7:30, in Union
only.
Aviation Cadet Applicants: . Applicants for Army Air Corps, .Aviation Cadet Section, who are holding aiiplications pending , , removal, of conditions—see Col.'Hicks, 2hd
Members floor of the Armory, regarding the new -BALL University rttllhg on sthdents in good
• Southworth’s
t \ I W: 'i
30aH0 JTATE JTREET WEST UAFAVETTB INtt
Comocation (Continued from page’ 1) when he began his four-year term governor of Indiana. { As the governor of Indiana caniaot succeed'himself, in 1937 McNutt found himself without a job; ©ver ^im Farley’s dead and stjll protesting body, he went to the Philippines high commissioner. While there he successfuly combatted all of the major efforts of the Filipino officials to make him “lose face,” the approved method of committing po^fitical suicide in the Islands; J MeNutt first came into the naiional limeJight in the late twenties a§ national commander of the American Legion. Even then he looked'good in the lime-light, for his ■white hair, blue eyes, six feet two inches, and' remarkably photogenic looks were already Beginning to earn for him the title of the “Magnificent McNutt”'. Was A-wkward Lad i His friends around Martih'sville, however, remember him as apparently being all hands and feet around girls. 'They also remember ' his early bent for direct action. At a meeting of the Epworth Jleague • nominations for - president were in ■ order. Young McNutt arose and said, “I nominate myself,” And he won the election; -
Cl^sflied
Carrier Wanted; Apply at Exponent Office or pKone‘3063". Ask for Klouman. Lost: Will anybody who found my billfold "lost on Grant St. please send me back all my identification cards ? Ling. For Sale: Matched Wilson golf clubs. Phone 6996; ask for Nick, TsTJewritera*—Adding Machine, ail makes sold, rented, repaired, and pprebased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. EberShoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. ^ Money to loan on diamonds, Watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia; Wanted': Bar boy part time, over 21. Apply to' Mr. Higginsfif Hotel Fowler. Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles. Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern at Columbia. SIMMONS iron double deck b^duir sale. Phone 65602;'<* - - .. . .
DOES YOUR POT LEAK? Expiffi’’Repair Service. SOUTTHWORTH'S ''
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROllD J. RISK ^ —DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Math Sts. ' Lafayette
OFFER ANOTHER SERVIGE TO PURDUE STUDENTS .
WOULD a chrage acount be: • An efficient supplemenr to your school fihaheirig plan, by giving you an accurate record of your “equipment” costs? • An opijortunity to budget and control your school costs? • A practical convenience by eliminating the necessity of carrying extra money for occasional purchases? • A good way and time to start building your credit rating? SOUTHWORTH’S feel that they may render a distinct SERVICE to those students who will qualify for credit. If you are interested in the plan we will he happy to have you caU at our office. INQUIRE at SOUTHWORTH’S office for details.
DON’T FORGET ■ TO' BEY U. S. WAR SAVINGS' STAMPS .
SENIORS!
Wg are preparect to take your orders for Senior Skirts. We have Dirndl’, six and eight gored styles in natural pin-wale corduroy.
S Til RE
eOLLB^IE rAi^.Hi0»rg '4 8 8 6 ST is it
Prices $2.98 and up. Don’t be left out on Senior Day.
Sportswear — Second Floor
Southworth’s
b
J
You lia|re chosen the best University in the U. S., now trade at the best home owned student book and supply store at Purdue. Owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue boys and girls. Tljere is a friendly, cheerful atmosphere at DEAC’S which you,,wiIl like. We have everything you need at college. The best at the lowest prices. M ■ . ;■ : -■ ' /' , ■ ■ . ■ „ , , If you can’t get it any place else, you can getfit at DEAC’S. We have the famous Keuffel and Esser Log-Log Duplex Decitrig slide rule vyhich can be sold to Purdue students only. We have new and second hand textbooks for every class taught at Purdue. Genuine KV& E. Drawing Sets. ,
r.
For girls—all Applied Desigi^Equipment recommended by the University. Reci|)e files by Miss Amy Bloye for cooking school at a discount worth saving.
H.G.
State Street
BOOK STORE West Lafayette
*
y: i
mm