THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Continued fair, somewhat warmer today. Tomorrow, cooler.
Purdue Exponent
TOESDAY November 1< 1938 Lcdfayette, bidkma
VoL 50
No. 42
Frosh To Elect Officers In Union Tonight At 7:30 Green Potters will elect their year’s officers tonight at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. All freshmen are automatically members of Green Potters, and
hence, eligible to vote.
Running for president are Dick De Garmo and Howell L. Gano; vice president, Wells Martin and Carroll Tafel; secretary-treasurer, Don Russell, Tom Carpenter, Tom Nygren, Gordon Jenkins; social chairman, Milton
Sraver, Shm Karnofsky, and Jack Lowe.
Candidates for offices will be —— —
F. B. Kniffht..
presented to the voters and given the opportunity to speak, after which the ballots will be cast. Freshmen must present their passports at the door to obtain a ballot for which their passports will be stamped by members of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, sponsoring the election. Activities Bureau Aids Frosh In Selection Of Best Suited Activities Activities Bureau officers yesterday issued a statement calling all freshmen scheduled for interviews to report promptly at their scheduled hour to the Union tower room or room C, as designated. Activities Bureau at present is interviewing all freshmen, with the purpose in mind of helping them to decide just what activity they would be most interested in. This is accomplished by taking into account the freshman’s high school activity experience, hobbies, and his special
likes.
Also taken into consideration is the freshman’s planned course in the University and his ambitions. After discussing various activities with the freshman and showing him the activities chart, the freshman selects one or more activities which he thinks he would like and could make good in. Interviews up to the present time have been conducted by juniors and seniors who have been in activities and are qualified to assist the freshman in choosing an activity. Graduate To Speak At Research Convention Dr. C. C. Furnas, ChE ’22, will be the principal speaker at the banquet Thursday evening, November 17, inaugurating the annual Industrial Research Conference on the campus. An affiliate with Yale University, Dr. Furnas will speak on “Research as it Applies to Industrial and Social Problems.”
. ^
Dr. Furnas, native of Sheridan, graduated from the University’s chemical engineering school in 1922. Since his graduation he has been associated with the University of Minnesota and Yale University. He was one of the outstanding authors of 1935 when he wrote “The Next Hundred Years,^the Unfinished Bus-
iness of Science.”
Track Star
While a student at the University, Dr. Furnas ran with the track team, being Big Ten champion in the two-mile event for two years. He was also a member of the American Olympic team that went to Antwerp, Belgium in 1920. He was a member of the student committee which framed the constitution for the Student Union. In addition to Dr. Furnas, several other speakers are scheduled, according to Dr. G. Stanley Meikle, director of the University Research Foundation, who is in charge of the conference. The progi’am will be complete within a few days. A hundred leading mid-west industrialists have already signified their intention of attending, and at least two hundred are expected. Monthly Luncheon... ... of the Agricultural staff was held yesterday in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Prof. F. R. Hall of the history and economics department talked on “International
Relations.”
. . . will share speaking honors at the annual Parents’ Institute to be held in the Home Economics Building. Band Makes Debut At Obio Saturday Ohio State football fans will be treated to the best in college bands this Saturday when the Boilermaker military band, 130-pieces strong,
f
takes the field between halves of the Ohio State-Purdue gridiron battle. Under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick, the Purdue band has risen to a place of prominence among the top-rate collegiate bands. Famous for the initiation of the alphabetical letter marching formations, the first fto use lights covering the marching musicians for night formations, and also famous for the huge bass drum, the military band should give a thrilling exhibition before the Columbus fans. The band will leave Lafayette at 5 o’clock Saturday morning over the Big Four route for their initial trip to Columbus. Jitterbugs Will Vie For Crown All hep-cats on the campus are invited to attend the jitterbug contest in the Union ballroom Saturday night. Contest is sponsored by the Student Union, and music will be supplied by Glenn Goff’s orchestra. Jitterbugs will start the contest at 7:15 and will continue until 8:15. Chairs will be provided for the spectators in the ballroom. Best of the rug cutters will be invited to participate in the Black and Tan Fantasy, the annual show held on Thanksgiving afternoon and sponsored by the Student Union. Radio Club To Show Off New Apparatus Tonight An, open meeting of the Radio Club will be held tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. This meeting will be divided into two parts. One part will be devoted to the demonstration of the new code apparatus, and the other will consist of an excursion through the newly remodeled short wave station W9YB, in the Electrical Engineering Building.
Excavators, Blasts Rouse Pondering Students In Class Clanging and banging of excavators punctuated by an occasional dynamite blast serve to wake the sleepy students these days. Pour shovels are now being used in the construction of new buildings. Of these, three are being employed in excavating for the Music Hall, and two bucket shovels and a drag line ade also being used. Another bucket shovel is making space under ground at the site of the Union Building extension. Students who have been so rudely awakened during class are wondering to the site of the excavations where considerable crowds collect during minutes between classes. The shovel that was used for the excavating of the Chemical Engineering Building has been moved and is now part of the equipment at the Music Hall site. Thh Le-Tor-neau dump-carrying scraper which is also being used there has attracted local attention. Remmers, Knight To Address Annual Parents' Institute , Registration for the annual Parents’ Institute, to be held in the Home Economics Building will start at 9 a. m. today. Various sessions of the institute will continue until 4 p. m. tomorrow. Presiding over the first three sessions will be Dean Mary L. Matthews. Topics for discussion have a common interest for all parents. Some of the subjects are “Recreation for the Family,” “The Psychology of the Adolescent,” and “A Parent’s Part in the Modern World.” Among the speakers are Dr. H. H. Remmers, director, division of educational reference; Dr. F. B. Knight, director, department of educational and applied psychology; and F. L. McReynolds, supervisor in recreational work. A cafeteria supper will be held tonight in the home economics lunch room. Morton School PTA has charge of the program and music will be furnished by A. P. Stewart, director of University glee clubs and choruses. NY A Checks.. . . . for the period ending October 15 are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Identification by passport will be required in order to obtain the checks, Cashier W. W. Hollensbe said yesterday. Checks for students who turned in full time are short two hours pay, because of insufficient NYA first month budget funds. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher stated yesterday that in some cases hours per month may be slightly reduced, but that he hoped arrangements could be made which would not necessitate
such action.
Playshop Will Pick Dracula At Special Tryout Tonight
Director.
... of Industrial Research Conference to be held on the campus November 17 and 18, G. Stanley Meikle, also Director of Research Relations with Industry, and head of the Purdue Research Foundation. Future Black And Tan Stars Begin Try Outs In Union Today Dancers, fingers, black face artists, croonere, bazooka players, and other possessors of varied talent will descend on the Union tower room today through Friday, putting in their bid for one of 35 places on the cast of Union’s Black and Tan Fantasy of 1938. Auditions will start at 4 o’clock today for dancers and specialty numbers. Singers, both solo and in chorus, will turn out Friday, to be judged by student choral manager, Paul Worcester. Dancing will be under the supervision of Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton, last year’s Black and Tan Fantasy stars. They will train the poiiy chorus and help in the organization of specialty dances. Irvan Maury’s band will play for the production, which will be presented Thanksgiving afternoon and
evening.
“We believe that much new talent is to be found among the members of Purdue’s largest freshman class, and especially invite freshmen to the auditions,” announced Union officials last night. Informal Discussion ,. . ... of “Distinctive Table Decorations” will be the keynote of an art section meeting of the Purdue Women’s Club in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 2:30 p. m. Thursday.
“New Jersey is destroyed .... what was thought to be a gas explosion has proven to be the landing of a rocket ship from Mars . . . strange little men are swarn^ing across the country!” When listeners heard these and similar radio bulletins Sunday night, panic reigned in many parts of the country. Frightened men called the newspaper offices and telephone operators, asking which direction to go to escape the menace. A church service in Indianapolis was interrupted by frantic radio fans who had not tuned in early enough to hear the explanation of the play, written by H. G. Wdlls. Wells, ali’eady famous for his “End of the World” stories, scored a direct hit with this, his latest, and most potent hypothetical threat to
With the rest of the cast for Playshop’s coining production “Dracula” picked and ready to begin rehearsals, Dracula himself remains to be found. Director John Dietrich is firmly convinced that somewhere on the Purdue campus is a man capable of portraying that character, and has arranged a special tryout for tonight. Students who wish to apply for this stellar role in the play should report to Fowler Hall at 7:30 p. m.
Dr.Scheuch Will Lecture At 6 Tonight Dr. Frederick C. Scheuch, recently appointed consultant in fraternity affairs, arrived on the campus yesterday. Dr. Scheuch attended the University Club meeting in the Union faculty lounge last night, and will speak at the fraternity advisors dinner meeting at 6 p.m. tonight at the Delta Chi house. President E. C. Elliott in announcing the appointment last July 13, said, “In order to enable the University to render further service to the fraternities now operating within the institution and in order to provide an agency for the continued stimulation of these important organizations for the attainment of tlieir educational ends, the trustees have authorized the appointment of a consultant in fraternity af-
fairs.”
Travelled Abroad“Because of his own long experience in educational affairs and long contact with fraternities, I feel that he (Dr. Scheuch) can render a very valuable service to the University and the fraternities at Purdue.” Dr. Scheuch, a native of Lafayette, studied as a young man in Germany and Spain and later attended Purdue, graduating in 1894. ' He was formerly head of the modern language department at the Statue University of Montana, and on sevei’al occasions has acted as president of that school. He retired from his position at Montana two years ago. President Elliott served as Chancellor of the University of Montana from 1916 to 1922, and was closely associated with Dr. Scheuch during that time. Dr. Scheuch was an active member of the Sigma Chi fraternity and is now a prominent Sigma Chi leader.
Staff positions for the production of “Dracula,”’ to be presented on December 7, are open for players’ petitions. Any player in good standing is eligible to apply for the positions now open, and must have his petition in the Playshop office by 5 p. m. tomori'ow. As on the recent “Room Service” production, the 3.5 standard is still a prerequisite to official capacities of any sort "in Playshop activity. Staff positions now open are: assistant stage manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property chairman, wardrobe mistress, makeup artist, scenic artist, and effect chairman. As a policy established at the first of this year, staff positions are selected for one show only. Thus the position is rotated among several students, and no one student is overused during the season. 'Little International' Live Stock Show Will Include 75 Animals Purdue’s annual “Little International” live stock show will be held at the live stock judging pavilion on University farm Wednesday, November 16 at 7:30 p. m. The exhibit will include 75 animals which will make up Purdue’s entry in the 1938 International Livestock Exposition, opening in Chicago on November
26.
Seventy-five animals, including nine steers, representing three different breeds, 21 sheep, representing four breeds, and 45 hogs, representing five breeds, will be shown. These animals have been bred and developed on the University farm. In addition a horse show is scheduled, which will include two breeds. The exhibit will be made by members of the animal husbandry department, cooperating with Hoof and Horn Club. This entire display will be offered to give students and the general public an opportunity to see the exhibit before it is shipped to the International at Chicago. Cosmopolitan Club
Flower Fanciers
Will Stage Annual Will Select Heads
Horticulture Show
Rocket Ship From Mors Causes Panic Via Radio
our safety. The program, first broadcast over the Columbia network Sunday night at 7 o’clock may be re-broadcast soon if listeners demand. Officials of the Columbia Broadcasting System will be required to present recordings of the program to the Federal Communications Commission because of the uproar caused by the misinterpretation of the play. In some places people reported seeing flames in the sky, although the program was interrupted four times to announce that it was merely a fictitious radio play, and telephone operators began to change from the usual cheery “Hello,” to “It’s just a radio show.”
Out to outshine and out-flower the shows of former years, the Horticultural Society will blossom forth with the gi'eatest of its exhibits on November 11, 12, and 13. The annual show will be held in the Horticultural Building and in the greenhouses. Originally, 18 years ago, the entire exhibit was housed in the basement of the Agricultural Hall. Earl Hymen, Hort. ’39, manager of this year’s show predicts that last year’s record of 6,000 people will be broken this year. One hundred and twenty-five different varieties of chrysanthemums will be the high spot of the show. Also on exhibit will be apples, nuts, and vegetables.
Cosmopolitan Club members will appoint a regional president and secretary at their meeting tomorrow night in room B of the Union at 7:30 p. m>. Local chapter was named regional center for the midWest district of Cosmopolitan Clubs at their convention last April at Louisiana State University. The mid-west district includes Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Chicago, and Northwestern. Other districts are East, We^t, South, South Central, and North-
west.
The local chapter will hold a regional convention this Christmas vacation. Next national convention will be held during Christmas vacation, 1939, at Kansas State College, Manhattan, Kan.
Annual Fall Reception... Engineer...
. . . for new faculty members was held last night in the faculty lounge of the Union. David E. Ross, James W. Noell, and Palmer Edgerton, members of the University Board of Trustees, were in the reception line. Approximately 800 persons attended. The affair was given by the University, Club.
Don Lamb from Indianapolis, will sail from New York November 8, on the liner “Exochorda” for Persia. Don is making the trip in the interests of the M. W. Kellog Construction Company to enlarge an oil
refinery.
Fi-om time to time Don will send the Exponent stories on the most interesting parts of his itinerm^.
'-PSf£diJtoJuai
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ontuhoA
Tuesday, November 1, 1938
Why Be An Engineer ?
By Philip W. Swain, Editor of Power
Engineering is a mighty poor field for halfhearted incompetents, but one of great opportunity and security for those who love machines an dunderstand their ways. Here’s
why:
It is a socially essential occupation.
1.
2. The future need for engineers is as sure as death and taxes.
3. The work is creative and logical, therefore a source of deep personal satisfaction to the proficient.
The first two reasons are closely related, because only essential jobs are truly safe in a world that is being reshuffled at an alarming rate. Political systems are in turmoil everywhere. Governments and national boundaries change overnight. The ultimate relation of capital nad labor is still undecided. Even the so-called fundamentals of business and economics are the subject of endless argument.
Amidst all this confusion, everybody agrees that men must have food, clothes and shelter, and that a highly developed machine technique is essential to a comfortable living. These are the real fundamentals—not to be disputed by any sane man.
In view of the present world situation, we suggest a new motto for men who look ahead: “In times of stress and change, be an expert in the things that have got to be done.” The real engineer is just that. Regardless oi political and social changes,_man will discover no way to live without machines. He cannot build and operate machines without engineers. The future of engineering is assured.
If engineering has an assured future, so has the individual engineer if he is ocmpetent and versatile. Versatility is just as important as competence. To stand firm in a world of fast change, it is not enough for the engineer to be a great expert on a single process or on some special design of boiler or steam engine. Machines we shall always have with us but the particular machine or process may suddenly change its form or even disappear, replaced by something better. Some carriage builders became great automobile manufacturers. Others, lacking versatility, sank into oblivion.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback
Business Manager R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager t W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Boston ' kos Angeles - San Francisco
CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors ^loy ^hMon, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. D. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. HebMer, R Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, _ and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 400B, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Ahlf Tuesday, November 1, 1938
tend beyond his machines, to embrace skill in human relations and the every-day operations of business. He must learn to live in a world of non-engineers. Products must be bought and sold. Money bags must be loosened for projects still in the dream stage. The workers must be led, managers adroitly “managed.” Otherwise, human failings wil Iclog the gears of the most perfect mechanical plan.
Over-specialization is dangerous. The wise engineer stands ready at all times to shift his skill to the design or operation of entirely new types of machines.
Finally, as we have pointed out, engineering is a wgrthwhile career because its creative and logical work brings deep personal satisfaction to any man who likes to deal practically with machines, men and money.
For the greatest personal security, the versatility of the individual engineer should ex-
To one who is cut out for the job, being an engineer means living 24 hours a day. (Reprinted with permission from Power)
Letters to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this’ column must be accompanied by the writer’s sigrnature and should be limited to ISO words in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be pubUshed with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence* T^e Exponent does not Msume any resi>onBibility for the opinions voiced in this column.
be demonstrations and meetings for exchange of ideas on the subject. Would it be possible for the Student Union to make a survey of the feasibility of a club of this type.? Robert H. Morrison, Editor’s Note: The Student Unipn and the Exponent are willing to cooperate in any way possible. Such a club would have numerous limitations. However, in order to survey student interest in such a club, all interested students are requested to call the Student Union Office or Jim Girard, phone 5225.
of shady happenings, Mr, Ram did things about this, highly unusual, and even sensational things, and the result is a new and sparkling Thorne Smith extravaganza.
Dear Editor: I am a gun crank. I like to fire guns, take them apart, and, in general, see what makes them tick. I have been in Purdue a year now and have had little opportunity to shoot because of lack of facilities. True, there is a rifle range in the Fieldhouse, but it is only 50 feet in length, is restricted to .22 calibre rifles, and has rather poor lighting as compared to outside conditions. Similarly, fhe only pistol range, located in the Armory, is restricted to .22’s. This range is but 50 feet long. There is also a small bore range in town, but to my knowledge there is no range for larger bore pistols or rifles. I have been wondering why a club has not been formed to sponsor a range for all caliber guns. There could be a 500 or 1,000 yai'd outside range and an inside range of about 100 feet. There would easily be enough men on the campus to make such a club successful. Opportunity would be offered for target shooting of all kinds, including the use of old Kentucky rifles, percussion rifles, and experiments with powders, bullet shapes, actions, and grips. These opportunities are beyond the facilities of the existing ranges. Aside from the actual shooting there would be possibilities of hav-^ ing guest speakers on guns and allied subjects. Perhaps there could
Browsing Room
“Have you a book called 'Face About’?” “No, you mean ‘Turn About,’ by Thorne Smith,” said Miss Heidkamp, the browsing room librarian.” “I’m not sure, but its about a young couple whose brains are turned around.” “That’s the one,” said Miss Heidkamp as sTie arose to get the book. As soon as you start reading one of Thorne Smith’s books you have to laugh. When browers start chuckling, and finally laugh out loud, you can be pretty sure that they are reading Thorne Smith. Martimonial Boredom “Turn About” is the story of a young cople with the usual matrimonial difficulties. Jim and Sally Willows are dissatisfied with life, quarrelsome, unhappy, and unsympathetic. Sally, who is very attractive, is disgusted with her lanky, rather homely husband, and she curses marriage as a dull existence, especially for her. For five years they have been envying each other’s lot, and lamenting their own. Mr. Ram, who was the Egyptian deity presiding over the household, decided to take steps. After a series
WBAA
—Today—
AUTO BODY SHOP Complete Body, Fender Repairing and Wrecker Service
Top Trimming and Woodwork — Safely Glass — General Welding Axle, Frames and Wheels Straightened and Aligned Bus. Phone 2998 107 South Second St.
IT’S THAT TIME ... ... in the year that the caiftpus is minus the seniors and don’t think we won’t miss the kids. We understand that the mechanicals are going to take in a couple of distilleries and unless we miss our guess there will be a few good seniors lost along the way.
IT SEEMS THAT . . . . . . PHYLLIS CROSSMAN, Chi ‘O’ Union Shot, turned a slight color of red when Dr. Phillips asked her what has replaced the common saloon.
WHY DID HE ASK . . . ... you PHYLLIS, are you an authority ?
JOKE . . . Q.—Why does a little chick walk softly across the street? A.—Because he can’t walk — hardly, (ha-ha).
TO DOROTHY MILLER . . . . . . have you seen the show at the Lafayette as yet?
“BUNCHY” BAUCHMAN WAS . . ... on his inspection trip this past week-end and all he has for the Purdue boys is a couple more pounds and a tale about some Gary gal.
THAT NAME GARY .. . . . . has better than a two-fold meaning.
DON BAILEY . . . ... “I’d go home to eat tonight only lit’s the maid’s nig)^t off. (Ed’is' note)—She’s colored, too.
Catalyst Club, ChE Honorary, Announces...
. . . the formal pledging of 25 students, including 20 seniors, 4 juniors and one honorary. Pledge ceremonies were held at the Pi Kappa Alpha house Tuesday, at which time pledge duties were assigned.
Unsettle Community From a nightmarish night at a church supper to an equally singular night at a morgue, from a delicate scene with a confused physician to a less delicate scene with a judge, the Willows pursue their way, preying on the life of the community and unsettling things in general. Their progress during the reign of Mr. Ram makes this onq of the funniest books written, but beneath it all is a sharp and searching wit which examines with deadly and pyrotechnical effect such subjects as cocktail parties, advertising agencies, big business men, church suppers, lying in hospitals, commercial hospitality, and marriage.
Senior pledges include: L. E. Armstrong, Jack Berry, Lee Busch, D. D. Cameron, John Ciborski, R. F. Duncan, C. W. Hartman, Ralph Hill, Ed Janusz, R. D. Juve, C. Lang, E. L. Lown, Charles Luce, William Platt, W. Stutzman, Earl Tyner, R, A. Voigt, Don Wells, J. M. Willis, and Bruce Witwer.
Juniors: W. Catterall, Herbert Fishburn, George Hearne, R. Richardson. Honorary pledge is Charles Stoops.
Co-eds Will Model For
'Studio Night" Pidures
Camera Club’s “Studio Night” will be held this evening in the tower room of the Union Building. A demonstration by Jack Emsley and Ron Creek on proper lighting and posing technique will be followed by an open discussion.
00—The Dentist Says. 15—Social Security Talk. 35—The Home Makers. 50—Purdue News Flashes. 00—Court of Safety. 15— Jim Hoffman, pianist. 30—Luncheon Dance Time. ;45^Songs and Melodies. 00—Monitor Views the News. 16— Electrical Shops. ;30—Good Language, Prof. Otto Greiner. ;45—Market Reports. ;15—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist. :30—You and Your Child. :45—Treasure Chest. :15—Corrine Ragains, soprano. :30—The Magic Carpet. :45—Joe Wilson, “Soft Music.” ;00—Heralds of Destiny. :15—Stinson Brothers. :30—Prof. Chas. Murphy, Town Forum. : 45—Story Book Hour.
All members of the club will be given an opportunity to work out their ideas with studio lights and co-ed models will be provided by the club.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
j6am’ _ meivyh' fiLOMDELL^POOGLAS
A COLUMBIA PICTURE — and -
—Also— ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘You mustn’t be so disrespectful to the man, dearyour director, not your father!”
he’s
Forestry Jobs Are
Open To Students
“Technical forestry is looking forward to the best year in its existence,” said Henry E. Clepper, executive secretary of the Society of American Foresters, speaking yesterday morning at nine o’clock before junior and senior forestry students on job possibilities for the next year.
sibilities for employment.” Clepper’s purpose in his interview with Secretary Wallace is to ascertain the possibilities of securing increased appropriations for forestry projects for the coming fiscal year.
Passing thi’ough the University on his way to Washington to confer with Secretary of Agricultui-e Wallace, Clepper spoke very encouragingly of the coming employment situation.
“The recent hurricane in the East has made the forestry situation acute in that section,” Clepper said, “and has opened up worlds of pos-
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
The most thunderous . . . most breath-taking army manei^ver scenes ever filmed!
lOHN LITEL DICK PURCELL - JEAN DALE
MAmS
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
ifOlYII
NAN llONtt MANS lOWAIO muRiiuiirMoiiE-miiiniiT-Aiioui
Ctnlury-Fox
Picture
TYRONE POWER LORETTA YOUNG AN NAO E LLA NOW PLAYING
laamsm
LUHA
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
Danielle Darrieux Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
“THE RAGE OF PARIS”
-Tuesday, November 1, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
'fleldcr’t.,— * ....choice
Engineers Tune Up For Invasion Of Ohio inter/ratemuy
State Buckeyes At Columbus Saturday
By Bruce Witwer We see by the paper that New York ..University . undergraduates have been assessed five cents each to buy a goat to mascot the football team . . . that’s what we ought to do here to add some extra dash and verve to the team . . . setting the rate at five cents a head would drag in about 340 bucks to be spent for acquiring a suitable stray piece of menagerie. —^fc— After all, other Big Ten schools have mascots so why should we he left out in the cold? . . . Iowa for instance has a hawk that they haul around with the team . . . even Butler has a pedigreed bulldog ... of course it would be difficult to get anything symbolic of our Boilermaker name but we could get something which would really be useful. —^fc— Gorillas don’t come so expensive and having one for a mascot would be a mark of individualism anyway ... if the going got too rough in a game, he could don a suit and go in and help the boys out. .. during the school week he could go to class for the boys while they caught up on their sleep the profs would never know the difference. —^fc— Another possibility is a Gold and Black striped Boa Constrictor . . . think of the matchless, breathless, ecstatic beauty of a 30 foot snake wriggling down the field before the
Although the Ohio State Buckeyes, sharing the conference leadership with Northwestern, are expected to rule as favorites for victory over ^ the Boilermakers at Columbus, Ohio, Saturday, sage Coach Mai Elward makes no secret of the fact that he is banking on the speed of the Engineer attack to smother the hosts.
Energetic Boilermakers
Disappointed, but not in the least discouraged by the Iowa uprising that resulted in a scoreless tie over the week-end, the Boilermakers went to work with a will yesterday in preparation for the crucial encounter that is expected either to prove or disprove an Old Gold and Black combination that still remains
somewhat of an enigma.
Although battered and bruised in the gruelling Hawkeye battle, none of the injuries appeared to be serious, and Elward is hopeful of having the entire Boilermaker strength available. With the exception of Pete Timperman, sophomore, who apparently has won a permanent assignment at right tackle, Elward does not contemplate any lineup
changes of moment.
Even though the men who played against Iowa were given only a light contact workout, yesterday’s drill, devoted to building a defense for Ohio State’s varied attack, was none
the less effective.
band during the half ... a portable recorder could be made up and attached to Brother Boa so that he could sneak into enemy land ana scout secrets for our use . . . there are definite possibilities there . . . we’ll take it up with the Student Senate at their next meeting.
1 the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
o Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine Weat Lafayette Phone 4965
o Locksmith
r> The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD I. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz BulMInf ■4th and Main Phone 5701
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Shoe Repair
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night lertches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrs 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop ^ in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Delta Chis Win Frat Softball Championship Simon, Delta Chi softball pitcher, won his own ball game in the third inning of the deciding contest against the S. A. E.’s of the fraternity softball tournament Saturday by lining out a home run with Lindeman and Hearne on the bases. The losers had previously held a one-run lead which they had obtained in the first inning when Douglas scored as Dean reached first on an error. In the fifth inning Lindeman and Hearne each connected with their second hits and scored later to give the Delta Chi’s a lead of five to one. An abbreviated rally by the S. A. E.’s fell short, -and the Delta Chi’s
were victorious, 5-2.
Simon had previously pitched three no-hit, no-run games to help win this year’s championship. Dean and Long each garnered one hit, which accounted for the total number of hits ma(|e by the S. A. E.’s. Union Expects Sunday Music Room Program To Attract Large Crowd Union officials expect more than 1,000 music lovers to crowd Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. Sunday afternoon, when Joseph Lautner and Harold Triggs appear for the regular Sunday afternoon music room
program.
Lautner and Triggs are instructors at the Arthur Jordan Conser-' vatory of Music at Indianapolis. Triggs made his New York debut as pianist at the Music Guild, and has appeared at the Metropolitan Opera House, Town Hall, and Carnegie Hall. Lautner has appeared twice with the Boston Symphony Orchestra as a soloist.
TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 1—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu Luce
The freshman cross country meet will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 on the intramural field. All participants may get their numbers at the south entrance of the field house. The winner will receive a trophy, and medals will be given to the first three who cross the finish line. Participation points will be awarded to fraternities taking part
in the event.
Cross Country Walking Contest Scheduled For Wednesday, November 9 Student walking enthusiasts are urged by the intramural department to enter the annual cross-country walking race to be staged November 9. The all-school event, open to all men students, will be held on the two and a half mile course on the intramural field. The heel and toe form must be used as is required in the professional walkathons. C. E. Myers won the grind last year with the best time recorded in several years. L. A. Richers holds the present record of 21:57, set in
1926.
Ninety Foreign Students... , , . attending the University are unaffected by American isolation, according to an announcement made recently by Professor H. M. Baldwin, adviser for foreign students at the University. Prof. Baldwin said that these students come to Purdue from 16 foreign countries. Turkey, Puerto Rico, Nicaragua, Canal Zone, Italy, Mexico, China, Latvia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Hawaii, Philippine Islands, Sweden, Czechoslovakia, Canada, Germany are countries that have students in the University. China leads the countries with 19, Canada is second with 17, and the Canal Zone and Turkey have seven and six respectively. Thirty-five of the students either have been born in America, are American with parents living in foreign countries, are naturalized or have guardians in the United States.
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . . For Business or Pleasure REIMERS RENT-A-CAR
Phone 6455
314 N. Fourth
THIS AD IS WORTH
$2.00
on any Airmaster Tiny Tim Midget purchased by Sat, Nov 6 5 Tube • $15.00 Any Color
WORLD'S SMALLEST SUPERHETERODYNE You'll find sensational performance and tone quality m the beautiful new 1939 Airmaster Tiny Tim Midget Radio Equipped with 4-inch dynamic speaker, automatic volume control and built-in aerial Plays anywhere. CO-OP BOOK SHOP 121 Vine Street Howard Hamilton, E. E. '42
tight this uray for tite - - - EXPLOSION
If you like scandal and dirf, or dirt and scandal, you'll find if in the POODOO EXPLOSION Bow on sale at Southworth's, Deac's, and the Union desk. Have you bought your copy? ? ?
Intramural Department Will Formulate All-Star Fraternity, Ward Teams In an effort to recognize intramural athletes who possess exceptional athletic ability, the University intramural department will inaugurate this semester an all-star award system that includes a selection of all-star teams in the respective fraternity and ward leagues. Each member of the honor teams will receive an award for his performance during the school yeAr.
All-star selections will be chosen from the softball, touch football, basketball, and baseball contests. Honor awards also will be presented to the respective boxing, wrestling, tennis and swimming champions, winners in track, and members of
winning golf teams.
PrOf College Grid Games Contrasted
By Robert J. Deckard Football fans, who include about all red-blooded Americans, are often perplexed with the differences in the involved rules governing play of college and professional teams. Many and vaiied reasons are responsible for the differentiation. Mam discriminations narrow down to two faculties of understanding. First is that players, who are publicly reimbursed for their services on the gridiron, are more soundly drilled in ways to protect themselves and need not be so heavily protected by rules to prevent in-
jury.
Secondly, a more open offensive game is the aim and desire of club owners and coaches of the paid football men, categorically professionals. Basic rules are the same, but the following points differ with the professional game mentioned first: 1. A forward pass can be thrown from any point up to the line of scrimmage. In college rules the passer must be five yards back. 2. The goal posts are on the goal line. In college rules the goal posts are 10 yards behind the goal lihe. 3. A ball carrier is not down until actually halted, whereas in college football a stumble or slip which causes the runner to touch the ground at all automatically stops action. 4. Fumbles except on laterals and kicked balls are free balls, and may be advanced by either side. In college rules the ball may be recovered and advanced solely by the offensive side. 5. On the other hand the pros place a heavier penalty (25 yards y on clipping. Colleges inflict yards. > 6. All penalties inflicted inside the 10-yard line are only half the distance to the goal line. College rules permit the ball to be played on the one-yard line, if penalty is inflicted outside of the five-yard line. 7. Illegal laterals down field are only penalized five-yards from spot where such illegal pass was thrown, whereas in colleges rules if the illegal pass came after a 40-yard gain it would wipe out entire gain, reverting back to point where ball went into play.
All-Star Board Teams will be chosen by a board consisting of five members with the advice and recommendations of fraternity and ward athletic managers. The board’s members are M. S. Brinduse, R. L. Hibbs, and J. P. Dolan, students in the school of physical education, and Intramural Managers Metz and Middleton. Dolan will act as chairman. Because the committee was not oiganized until after the current football season, the committee will rely on the suggestions of athletic managers in choosing the two allstar softball teams. Each individual selected on the teams will receive an honor certificate and medal.
80 Men...
BIG TEN STANDING
Northwestern Ohio State Minnesota Michigan . . Wisconsin PURDUE Iowa . Illinois - Indiana Chicago
2 0 . 2 0
1 19 3 1 48 7 0 17 12 0 65 14 0 44 26 1 13 14 1 40 45 0 12 29 0 2 24 0 28 114
. . . turned out for practice yesterday in response to the call for freshman basketball candidates. An additional 20 are expected following the freshman football season. 'The squad will be cut eventually to five teams. For the present Coach “Piggy” Lambert will have charge until regular Coach “Dutch” Fehring is released from football duties. Civil Honorary Names Seven New Members Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary announces the pledging of seven new members: seniors, J. J. Consoli, Clairton, Pa.; Alfred H. Krass, Indianapolis; Phil Miller, Decatur, 111.; Charles P. Pattison, Kansas City, Mo.; Walter A. Zlogar, Cicero, 111.; and two juniors, Francis J. Woodsmall, Marshall, Mo.; and Kenneth C. Houston, Milwaukee, Wis. M. J. Prassas was chosen by the organization to represent them at the biannual National Conclave to be held at Madison, Wis., November 18 and 19. WSGA Vice-President Will Speak At Training School Betty Jo Sexton, vice-president of WSGA, will be the speaker at the meeting of WSGA sophomore training school this afternoon from 4 to 5 o’clock. She will talk on subject of orientation. This will be second of a series of meetings on WSGA activities which will be held every Tuesday and Thursday until Christmas vacation.
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. H. 6. (DEAC) REISNER
NO JUICES REACH MY MOUTH
THEY CAN'T GET BY THE FILTER IN
NEWSHAPES&FiNISHES
McmA MEDICO
H«nce, no expoctoralion. Has gniy pol'd, filter cowblntna 66 bolflo obsoibent screen and ceitophone exterior. TMs combinotion traps nicotine, liolios ond lutcesr keeps them In flllor, out of month.i f
nniiiiippipMii
3toaiL OxHa.
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
OflntiroA ■
h
Tuesday. November 1, 1938
Home Ec Cafeteria Provides Practical Experience For Junior, Senior Co-eds Majoring In Institutional Management,
FOR SALE
BOARD FOR STUDENTS. Call 41601. 703 Evergreen.
TYPEWRITERS—All make#, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
BOARD FOR STUDENTS: Call 41601. 703 Evergreen.
FOR SALE—1929 LaSalle coupe, condition. Cheap. Call 2680.
Good
The Brown University yacht club has a boathouse valued at $10,000.
By Marie Butz Savory aromas arise from behind the scenes of the cafeteria of the Home Economics building a? junior and senior girls, who are majoring in dietetics, institution management, and teaching, get practical experience in quantity cookery and tearoom service. The time spent in the cafeteria serves as their laboratory period and is divided into three parts. One-third of the semester is spent behind the counter, one-third is spent in quantity cookery, and the remaining third is spent in the teainroom. Five cooks are hired to help with the work, but most of the cooking and serving is done by the girls.
Much of the actual work is done by the junior girls. It is the job of the seniors to supervise the dilferent tasks and assist the nistructors. This supervision is changed from day to day so that they may get practical experience in a number of fields. Boys, who are doing part time work in the University, remove the dishes and trays from the tables and wash the dishes. Daily Specials Every day there is a special dish, which consists of a regular dinner place containing a vegetable, meat, and roll, or a salad, meat, and roll for 15 cents. Contents of this special plate may change from day to
Co-ed Debate Tryouts Scheduled For Today Co-eds interested in Varsity debate will have a chance to try out today in room 301, University Hall, at 7 p. m. Any co-ed who is unprepared to speak at this time should come to the meeting anyvay and arrangements will be made for a try out at a later time. Subject for this semester’s debate IS “Resolved: That the Totalitarian State is economically desirable.” This subject involves a discussion of the economic merits of the democratic and dictatorship types of government. Aspirants for the debate squad will be expected to make a five minute talk suppoiting or opposing this proposition. Debates vith Ohio State University, the University of Iowa, and Indiana University hai/e been scheduled Alpha Lambda Delta Pledges To Entertain Pledges to fieshman women’s honorary. Alpha Lambda Delta, will entertain active members and faculty sponsors at an informal meeting tonight at 8 p. m. in the old Chestnut Room of the Union. A short skit presented by the pledges will constitute the evening’s progiam. Joyce Burnham, president of Alpha Lambda Delta, has set Sunday morning, November 7, as the tentative date of initiation. Until then pledges may be recognized by then gold hair bows, red, white and gold ribbons which serve as pledge pins, and gold candles which they carry on white cardboard holders. In addition to their recognition badges, pledges are to supply actives with chewing gum, candy, and mints at all times. Second Charm School To Feature Mrs. Dunbar Mrs. Katherine Dunbar, of Katherine Gibbs Secretarial School, in Boston, Mass., who is one of the leading authorities on business form in the United States, will be the speaker at the WSGA-YWCA Charm School Thursday, November 3, at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Subject of her discussion will be pointeis on business technique, office procedure, and modem business etiquette.
Christian Science Members: Regular meeting in room C of the Union, Tuesday, November 1 at 7 :30 p m —McINTOSH
Sophomore Union Workers: Oui committees will piease report to Dean Fisher’s office Tuesday, Novembei 1, after 2 p m to finish woi k —CREPPS, COOPER Student Senate: Meeting at 7 10 p m Tuesday, November 1 in room A, Union A full attendance is desiied —ELLIOTT W’ard Organization Chairmen: Report organization results to me by Wednesday, November 2 Phone 76742 —SHELLHAMER
Senior Mechanicals: Those making local inspection tours meet in room 101, ME Building, Tuesday November 1, 9 a m —PROF W. P MILLER
Archery • Meeting of men and women iichcrs in room 105 of Fieldhouse at 7 p m Tuesday November 1 Beginners welcome —KINZER WSGA Sophomore Training School: Tuesday section will please meet in the faculty lounge Tuesday, November 1 at 4 p m Thursday section please meet Wednesday November 2 at 4 p m in the faculty lounge —BEAMING Debris Photo Staff: Impoitant meeting in old chestnut room in the Unon Tuesday November 1, at 4 p m Those not present will be dropped from staff —EMSLIE
WSGA House President’s Council • Meeting Tuesday November 1, postponed until next week ^ JAKES Camera Club • Studio night will be held Tuesday November 1, at 7 30 p m in the tower room of the Union Building —OBLINGER Purdue Engineer: Following men please lopoit to Squires Tuesday November 1, at 4 p m in the Engineei office Leckio Maitinek, Mossberg, Newman Packman, Stephens and Stevenson - PELIX
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Thursday, November 3, at 5 p m in loom 1 and 2 of the Union Building All chrysanthemum sales money must be turned in —COOLEY
Hoivitzer Squad Executives: Important meeting of all juniors who submitted lists of squads for entry in this competition in room 202, armory, at 4 p m , Thursday, Novembei 3 —FAULCONER
Debris Business Staff: Important meeting Tuesday Novembti 1 in room 2 of the Union at 4 p ml Price change date will be set —EDWARDS G E. 128: Wednesday, November 2, 7 a m for students not on inspection trip yvill meet in laboratory at 10 a m , Wednesday, Novembei 2 —ROGERS
Camera Men: All men interested in camera woik in the production of an activities film please report to the Activities Puieau Tuesday, November 1 at 7 p m Expeiienced people desired —LUTZ Co-ed Debate: Tiyouts will be held Tuesday November 1, at 7 p m in room 301 of univeisity hall —WINCH
MT Sophomores: Those interested in forming a howitzer squad call Bob Viere at .6071 before noon Wednesday, October 2 —VIEHE
RiBery- Practice, Tuesday, November 1, 6 15 p m , Ward 2 , 7 p m , Alpha Xi, 7 46 p m , WRH South; 8 :30 p. m Alpha Chi —SMITH
Activities Bureau: All membeis of my committee will meet me in the Buieau office Tuesday, November 1, at 4 p m —BREUER
Skull and Crescent: All membeis are expected to help with the Green Pottei election at 7 'IS p. m Tuesday, November 1, in the Union ballroom —HALL
Notices
WAA Hockey: Schedule for games: Tuesday, November 1, Juniors vs freshman A team Wednesday, November 2, sophomores vs freshman B team. —SHAFFER.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, Novembei 1, at 7 30 p m at memorial gym pool. Practice for aquacade. —JORGESON.
WAA Class Hockey: Tuesday, November 1, Frosh B vs. Sophs ; Wednesday, Novem-l ber 2, Frosh A vs. Juniors; Thursday, November 3, Frosh A vs Frosh B; Friday, November 4, Junior vs Seniors. All games are at 4 p. m Freshman A squad is: Margaret Wirt, Metzger, McFarland, Murphy, Wood, Blagrabe, Ward, Rubreight, Hamson, Fitch, Kennedy. Freshman B squad: Mary Wirt, Kling, Graham, Cox, Modiste, McMullen, Smith, Halstead, Todd, Miller, McCullotk —SHAFFER. Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Wednesday, November 2, in room B of the Union Building at 7 '30 p m. All pledges bring in globes —AYASUN.
WAA Members: Those who have received numeials for class teams befoie chenille letters were adopted may exchange them by purchasing chenille numerals, if they wish Call 418.63 before Friday, November 4. —PETERSON
Ceres: Actives and pledges meet Tuesday, November 1, at 7 '30 p. m. in room B of the Union —SEUFFERLE.
Exponent Circulation Staff: Impoitant meeting Wednesday, November 2, at 7 p. m in room F of the Union It is imperative that all freshmen be there —BERG.
NTA Workers: Checks for periods ending October 16 are now available at cashiers office in the Ebcecutive Building —HOLLBNSBE
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
day, but it always contains either meat or a meat substitute. A sandwich plate consisting of a salad and a sandwich is also served each day at the same price as the specials. These plates are very well balanced dietetically and may be supplemented with a beverage and a dessert. Cafeteria serves lunch five days a week to an average of 250 to 275 persons each day. Special orders such as toast are taken dt the cafeteria unit and made for the customers. Tearoom Service Along the west end ot the cafeteria are six tables which make up the tearoom. The tables are set up for service and are decorated with flowers. Heie oiders are taken and service is given the same as in any teamroom oi came. The food is the same as that which is served in the safeteria, but there is a charge of five cents for the extra service. This part of the cafeteria gives the students Gaining m tearoom work. Money which is taken in is put in the home economics fund and pays wages and oveihead, and buys new equipment. All the utensils and equipment that are used are modern and convenient.
LOST AND FOUND
MISCELLANEOUS
— Varsity Village will be the name
' ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean's of a new group of homelike student factory trained repair man put your musi- . , ^.i. tt • -i. jt xy LOST—Chi Omega sorority pin. Please cal instrument in first class condition and residences at the UmvetSlty OI JNlreturn to Phyllis Crossman, 402 Waldron. save time and money. 614 Main St. Phone uffara T?oiMnr/l_ 7017- ® *
There’s Real Value in Crown Cleaning Service— Scientific Cleaning Monite Moth-proo:^ Protection Formprest Suit Pressing Careful attention to all details Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly ©lioiin Immm FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
PHOTO—JACK GOULD
To the BACKS, bless hml
In football, the backfield gets the glory. Is it fair? What makes a great football team—the line or backfield? And which would you prefer: a great backfield and a mediocre line, or the other way around? Coach Jimmy Conzelman, who fears no man, says, “I’ll take the backs!” and shows you why. Here’s his story, and we hope he isn’t stuck with it! By the famed coach who last season brought you “That's Football for You" JliiY CeUZELmR
: /
[sSuE Box-Office -nranewmomjtna.
^ e. r. xrears a nation wondered: Who’W pfay Deborah Park in Who 11 P y Then young, unknownAnneLanie g ^ the offecreen terid. fateful preview. A two pm preview RICHARD SHERMAN
Two dizssf debs
■TEmis Tovmyi^
abesvchfvni Those Chicago debs ^^^^10^^^^
in again! Result; South Uevo on goes ®°"^P^®^^^^o^^y»rinsecure transformation.
by
■ laughs in this new miui. , PAUL GALLICO
AND—$3® A'^'^'^**iLtestoryhiCah/ornia ^SsOTYou’llfindtljfes^comp^^^^yj^p Vo^eson mopia in mid-air. Drop str^ do^*‘-and be safe! stories, SiSrrS.T^^^SiiSdcartoon.