i’li
;#(tPN$, DOLPHINS
'>'Xd 5ponsor Aquacade :i'.;^''. X‘! ■’ fHday, Saturday
STU&INT RiSERVSSTS Wfll Hofd Meeting; Lieuts. To Speak ^
M
Established 1889
jywf S5, No. 55
f^iIrdliO UVtiVOi^itjT/ Wo&f Lafiyotfe, Indiana
Tuesiday, December 1, 1942
iters Tomorrow J^st Science nion Great Hall Aptffddes Of tdedStudents
classes Dismissed;
Begin Survey Today
Coeds May Vote From TO A. A4. Until 5 P. M.; Must Show Passports University coeds will elect their representatives for the As-
sociated Women Students tomorrow from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. l^lOOtiOn^ will be held at the AWS booth in the Great Hall of the'Union ahd all girls must have their passports in order
to vote.
"the girls who have been nominated are Dorothy Cornthwaite
Paii-Hdienic Dance Irictay To reatdre Raeburn's Baiid Annual Pan-Hellenic Formal will
Coeds Miisf Attend Physical science aptitudes of the 1200 women studdhts of this University will be tested on Wednesday, December 9, at a required convocation to be held from 3 to 5 p. m. in the Music Hall. Coeds will
WRH Coeds To Hold Dance Friday Night In North, South Halls Next Friday evening residents of
and his orchestra Friday night 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. The affair is strictly a coed bid dance and tickets are now on
sale at all sorority houses. Raeburn’s orchestia will come
here after a long stay at the Chez Paiee in Chicago and offers a talented collection of featured stars ^ besides the music-making of the
With the constant expansion of band. Hal Derwin, the singer with
Navy Procurement Board Sees Shortage Of Trained Officers
and M^blfe VaUghatl for president; Margaret Meltzer and Carol feature,the musicjof Boyd Raeburn excused from classes in order to fbe Women’s Residence Halk will
tloblbo for vice president; Doris Dohibey and Jean Thompson for treasurer; Betty Ludberg arid Uois Veit, Junior representative, and Judy Jones, Martha McCulloch, Betty Murphy and Mary LoU Sternberg for Sophomore representatives. Two sophomore representatives aie to be
elected.
Thfe AWS is the student governmental organization for the University Women. It serves to represent the women in matters which are concerned with self government. The AWS has jurisdiction over problems which are concerned with toed hours, conduct of the coeds, and the counsel' of the freshman girls. The orientation program for these new girls is one of the big functions of the AWS which takes on the responsibility of In^lping the freshmen adjust themselves to the problems of University life. It is the duty of every coed to take advantage pf this chance for s^aiJeilt "government. Every girl should vote in the elections tomorrow in order to elect the girls who will tepreseht her. The AWS booth in the Great Hall of the Union will be open fiom 10 a. ip. until 5 p. m. in order to allow ev^iy coed to vote, and every giil is ehcouvaged to show her interest ih the privileges which are afforded
hel\
Course For Women Plans are being completed by the Curtiss-Wright Aeronautical Corporation and the University for bringing to the campus a special one year course in engineering for 100 selected Women. The selection of the applicants and the final courses of study will be determined by Curtiss-Wright representatives. One requirement that is known at this time is that the applicants must have one and a half years of college work including one year of math. The Curtiss-Wright Corporation will pay the expenses of the 100 women engineers. The company is also sponsoring similar piograms in seven other universities. These Wonteh will be given technical instfubtiop which will be of duect vkUie'to'tho aviation industiy. The 100 women will be housed in the Women’s Residence Halls, where they ate now planning to change all single rooms to double
rooms.
M toiises To Sponsor fanco lfrl|ay fvenlpti; t^aury i4ahn Will Play Members 6f thb Purdue Student Cooperative Association will dance Friday 'eVehing to the niuSic of Maury Mahn and his orehestra in the South Ballroom of the Union. Approximately 36t) couples Will attend the dance which is sponsored by the sixteen student cooperative houses on the campus. Margaret Young, chairman of the association’s formal dance, announced that the back drop will feature a large reproduction of the cooperative pin aCdOmpahied by/the names of the sixteen houses artistically iirrangod on each side. The dance is to start at S'.SO and will continue until 11:30. '
the U. S. Navy to meet demands of the war, there is a shortage of officers in many blanches ahd men are needed badly at this time in many lines of naval activity. This IS the word from the Office of Officer Piocurement for the navy. There is direct need now for engineei’s, phy.sics teachers, men trained to direct recreational programs, petroleum engineers, chemical engineers, chemists trained in quantitative and qualitative analysis, others capable of ordnance duty, and many other fields. For specialists’ commissions, applicants must be college graduates, be under 44 years of age, although there are a few billets existing for men between 44 and 50, but only those technically qualified. The V-1 and V-7 classes for enlisted reserves aio those open to students. Theie is special demand at the moment for men from 28 to 35 years of age, with college degrees and
physically qualified.
A state Civilian Advisory Committee for Naval Officer Procurement has been named, with Nicholas H. Noyes, vice-president and treasurer of Eli Lilly & Co. as chairman. The representative for this area is T. R. Johnston, director of Infoimation at the University, who has a supply of application blanks and further information on the openings
for officers.
Mels To Hold Banquet For Seniors This Friday American Institute of Metallurgical and Mining Engineers will hold their first banquet of the season Friday from 5:30 p. m. to 7:15 in the Home Economics Cafeteria. The staff of the Metallurgical School and the graduating seniors will be the guests of honor. A group picture of the scmois will bo taken
at that time.
New officers will also be installed.
attend.
The convocation will have a two fold purpose; to acquaint the women students with the need for trained people in various fields requiring backgrounds in physical science and mathematics and to “provide more exact information regarding the potential resources among University women for woik either in teaching or industry.” This testing program is the first of its kind to be carried out in the country. It is sponsored by the University Committee on the Education of Women with the appioval of the Executive Board and the cooperation of the government. The results of the test will be available to coeds in about a Week after the test is given. Individual conferences will be arianged for
coeds interested.
With the results of the test as a guide, coeds will know definitely whtehcr 6r not they aie likely to succeed in work involving mathematics and the physical sciences. Those who make high grades will be encouraged to take advantage of the courses offered by the University to prepare themselves foi industrial and professional work, especially in teaching. The percentage results of the test will give the government an idea of the number of women who can be prepared to replace men, and in this way the test will help determine deferment policies. If it becomes necessary to draft women workcis, these tests will be used to indicate the kind of work each woman is best qualified to do. Another object of the test is to scientifically prove or disprove the belief that few women have aptitudes in physical science and math-'
ematics.
The test to be used is the Lapp Physical Science Aptitude Test. According to Pi of. Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education foi women and chairman of the Committee on the Education of Women, “No one cares whethep a particular student does well or
from the Women’s Placement Serv- poorly except as it tells something
the group, plays the guitar in addi-
tion to his vocalizing duties.
Claude “Hey - Hey” Humphrey, drummer star with the band, is one of the authentic swing characters whose musical antecedents trace back to thy days of Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstiong and other immortals of the jazz age. Humphrey started as a music-maker on the old Mississippi riverboats, and has played with all the famous swing
musicians of the country.
Raeburn’s saxophone solos round out the special feature department of this young but successful organ-
ization.
Tobe-Coburn School Will Send Speaker To Interview Girls Following inteiviews with any
girls who are interested in knowing about the Tobe-Coburn School for Fashion Careers in New York City, Miss Julia Coburn will speak to a general meeting of all women students on “Women in the PostWar World.” She will be on campus
this Thursday, December 3. Competition for one of the five
Fashion Fellowships awaidod by the school is open to all senior women. Although thh final paper for the award is not due until Maich 20 the registration blank and the first paper must be mailed to the
school no later than Dec. 5. Complete information and^iegis-
tration blanks may bo obtained
hold the annual H&ll Formal Dance. It will be held in the recreational rooms of North and South Halls. Dancing will begin at 8:30 and continues until 11:30. Glenn Wright, a campus band, will play in South Hall and the music will be sent to North Hall by means of a PA sys-
tem.
WRH residents will make their own decorations in order to economize and to contribute to the wareffort. They will be simple and in keeping with the Christmas spirit. The girls will also make the pro-
giams for the dance.
The dance is strictly formal and is open only to those who have received coed bid. No corsages will be
allowed.
Formerly the dance was held in Peterson, president;
the Union, but since last year, it has
been held in the Halls.
Many Workers Will Distribute Transportation Questionnaires Bus, Railroad Officials Request Vacation TrUvel Information This afternoon members of the Sfudent Senate will begin the widespread distribution of the transportation questionnaires, part of the campaign by the Ej^onent and Student Senate in determining the number of students using each transportation facility during the vacation exodus. Over 79 orgartized house groups, including fraternities, sororities, residence halls, student cooperative houses, and house clubs will be contacted
and at each house a survey questionnaire will be left. It is stressed by the two activities conducting the poll that these should be placed immediately in full view on the hou.se bulletin boards. They contain the time and direction of departure of eveiy transportation facility for public use, December 20 to Decem-
ber 23, inclusive.
Officials Request Survey
For those who did not see lastSat-
at present the giils elected now will ^n-day s edition of the Exponent, this
YWCA Members Will Elect New Officers Tomorrow In Union
All YWCA members are urged to vote in the elections tomorrow. There are several amendments concerning the change of time in elections to be held as well as the new officers. As the constitution stands
hold office through August. Nominees are as follows: Jane
Dunbar Packard and Marthena DuBois, president; Betty Drake and Donna Irion, treasurer; Mary Grace
Minkler and Lois Caldwell, secre- .
tary. Retiring from office are Vivian survey has been
campus survey is being conducted by the Exponent and Student Senate in order to relieve the expected great congestion on and around Tuesday, December 22, when University classes dismiss for Christ-
Cavolirte Mc-
requested by bus and railroad officials in order that they may add extra train cars and busses to take care of the overflow. Federal law
icc office in the Executive building.
A. H. Probst
... of the Agronomy depaitment, spoke at the regular bi-weekly meeting of the Agionomy seminar yesterday.
about women in general.” Each coed IS therefore urged to do her best on the test, for the results will have national significance. Those who cannot take the test on December 9 will be required to take it at a later date. At the convocation Dean Coolidge (See COED TEST, page 4)
Season's Best Crowd Hears Symphony
By Frajices Wendell ^ Last Sunday in an evehing concert the St. Louis symphony' returned to tl/e campus for another appearance at a University convocation, The largest audience of any convo program thus far this semestfer attended the performance despite the snow and bad weather outside, which would seem to emphasize the populaiily which this orchestra has gained after repeated programs presented in this city. Under the direction of Vladimir GolschmanU, the St. Louis /kymphony gdve a mixed conceit of modern miisic and famous classics. Theit- opening sdlcction was excel pts from Handel’.? suite for orchestra, “The Faithful Shepard.” This suite was fiist presented by the London Philharmonic Orchestra in 1939, and was for many of the townspeople and students at the Music Hall Sunday, the initial presr entation to them. Though the excerjit had not the aspiring effect of later llumbel-s, it provided an extremely satisfying opening number. Following, the orchestra played
“Italian Symphony” by Mendelssohn in four movements. Judging from the applause by this^ime, the majoiity of spectators who were at first dubious of any syinpliony Concert were convinced that good music was being played with superiority at this convo. After intermission, Mr. Golschmann presented a difl'erent type of music- in the nature of fantasies, “f’relude A L’Apres-Midi,” written by Debussy, will be remembered by the audience because of the perfect precision and timing of the string section, accompanied by solos fiom various Woodwind instruments. Prelude to Act I of “Khovaiistchina” and “Francesca Da Rimini,” fantasia for oiehestra, completed the list of program number’s, and the appreciation of the crowd was expressed by several minutes of
which the St. Louis symphony
played.
Libcial with the extia selections, Golschmann had the orchestra present, in Older, -Bach’s choials, “Come Sweet Death,” Dvoi ale’s “Slavonic Dance No. I,” Johann Strauss’ “Peipetiial Motion” and the “Wedding March” from “le Coq d’Oi” by Rimsky-Korsakov. Some remarked that the encores weie the best part of the progiam, because Golschmann seemed so ready to continue playing for the
ciowd.
Many sircctators coirimciited upon the new acoustical ticatmcnt for the stage. This can be contrasted with the old acoustics as arranged in Eliza Fowler Hall, the scene of many St. Louis symjrhony concerts before the Music Hall was built. Though this orchestra has made
Repeat Performance Of Jim Dandy Nets Navy 246 Dollars Last week as a result of the two
benefit performances of William Saroyan’s “Jim "Dandy”, Dr. H. Kent! Carmichael, Playshop director, was able to mail a check for $246.10 to the Navy Relief Society. The check represented all cash receipts for the two nights les.? fed-
eial tax.
Plans for these performances began late last May soon after receipt of a letter from Katherine Cornell requesting a benefit performance for the Navy Relief Society. The plans materialized with the repeat performance of Playshop’s summer production “Jim Dandy” on November 20 and 21. One thousand and seven students and townspeople attended the two shows. The performances were originally scheduled for the benefit of Purdue Players, campus dramatic organization, but Dick Kohls, Players’ president, agreed to give all proceeds to Navy Relief. All expenses for the production amounting to about $125 were paid by Playshop. Nicholas Kulik . . . instructor in the school of Mechanical Engineering, is coauthor of Coinell University Engiiieeiing Experiment Station Bulletin No. 30. The bulletin contains a treatise on “The Specific Heats of Coitain Gases over Wide Ranges of Presuies and Temperatures.” The gases included are CO, CO., CH„ C H„ H., N , and 0 . The bulletin was prepared with the cooperation of Mr. F. 0. Ellenwood and Ml. Ndrman R. Gay. The treatise extends the range of pressuies and temperatures for which special heats of gases aic now available and IS based on spectroscopic data.
Crary, vice-president; Chancellor Ball, treasurer; and Betty Evans, secretary.
Immediately following elections ^ ^ trams
the girls are invited to petition foxcabinet positions. Vacancies will be left by the four graduating seniors:
Dorothy Ardidson, Caroline Me- ... , ......
Ci-ax-y, Chancellor Ball, and Gloria ^-‘ding home for Christmas, and exxn
Every student is requested to take pax’t, as it is vital to him. It will undoubtedly mean the difference between comfox’t and discomfoxff in
Niemeyex-.
Membership cards are neceSsaiy in order to vote. The elections will be held in the Great Hall of the Union from 4 to 5 p. m.
Exponent Staff Interviexvs schedules for all workers petitioning juiiior or senior Exponent jobs will be posted on the bulletin bdard Tuesday, Dec. 1. Interviews begin Wednesday, Dec. 2. '
—AMOS
$2,000
... is the goal the Student Union has set for war stdmp sales for the Alvino Rey mixer Saturday night. Get yours while the supply lasts. Every student who Wants to see those four lovely King Sisters must purchase fifty cents worth of tickets. Get
em now!
Tau Beta Pi
possibly mean the difference between a ride and no ride. Seniors "tvho will be leaving- Sunday, December 20, are also requested to coopeiate in the survey, and the questionnaires to be posted in the houses
have accounted for them.
Numbers should be put in the '’proper places on the questionnaires, indicating the number of students taking that pax-ticular tram or bus at that particular time of day. The survey questionnaires which will appear in the Exponent Thursday and Friday are for only those who do not get a chance to indicate their transportation means on one of the
others. •
Each questionnaiie also has a place nxax-ked “Traveling by Car”. Students tx-aveling by this means should indicate m order that the poll
ntay be more accuiate. Departure Schedule Listed
Departure are listed in today’s edition. If a student is not sure of his means of depax-ture he should nevex’theless fill out what means he possibly would xise. All txeket xxgents will be glad to supply infoimation pertaining to bus -and tiain schedules. Questionnaix-es will be collected from the houses on the campus probably next Satuiday oi Sunday,
honoiary, an- with the Exponent blank appealing of Fex-ry, both an Thursday and Friday. These
should be left at the vest desk of the Union over the Week end. It is uiged that every student
and mentally capable
. . . engineering honorary, an-
nounces the pledging of Ferry,
Roquemore, Essenwein, Goff, Hudelson, Koester, Clark, Sacks, MacQueene, Reynolds, Carbon, Porter,
Rafert, Burger, Peltosala, Purman, physically
Southerland, Kuck, St. Clair, Hud- should paiticipale in the polling and son, Rossen, Watt, Yingst, Hage- indicate his choice. It w ill be to his meyer, Pendley, Gentiles. (See SURVEIi, page 1)
clapping. It may be well to note that frequent visits to this city in years not for quite a while h-ave the stu- tpnst, it is stated by authorities that dents of the University so complete- the convocation last Sunday will bo ly -accepted a symphony, nor have the last performance of the symso many stayed fox- the encores phony for the duration.
Mudball hey there clarence this letter is not to you it is to a private in the arin> so that he will not become bitter toward huiuuns because he doesn’t get any mail when it comes in hello soldier are >ou having a good time it snowed here at purdue and now it is melting and girls splash mud on the back of their legs if they dont walk right i hope this has cheered you up —MUDBALL
Navy, Marine, Coast Guard Reservists Will Meet In Union Tonight At 7:30 All students who-hold inactive reserve commissions or have been sworn into the enlisted reserves of the Na\ y. Coast Guard or Marine Corps will meet in Room 353 of the Union this evening at 7:30 o’clock. The meeting has been called by Assistant D6an W. A. Knapp, who has been designated to be adviser to students interested in reserves of the Navy, Coast-Guard or Marine Corps. ——
The purpose of the meeting is to acquaint the members of the commissioned or enlisted reserves of the three branches named above, with the reserve pi-ogi-ams of these branches of the service. Lieuts' Tweedle and John-
ston, U. S. Navixl Reserve, recent vited to attend. If enough students graduates of the indoctrination are inteiested in entering V-7 or V-5 schools held at Northwestern and dbefore December 20, aHiingenionts Notre Dame, will be there to ac- can be ixxade to have a Navy officer quaint the membox-s of the reserves visit the campus to complete these with the training program which enlistments.
will follow their call to active duty. The meeting is mteiuleil pumarily foi students who have already been sworn in, but juniois and seniors who axe platinmg to enlist m the reseives of the Navy, Coast Guaid or Mariixe Corps between tioxv and the close of the present semester are in‘ ‘■'I K'' * • Pa§e^
mfi
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday,, December 1, 1942 ’
PiMue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 5pprts,. Fjeldhouse, Phone 2702 Eaiiorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
T:;!it-.r-;n-rhicf N<'v,k i:cl-ii.r ... Mnr^uir^ tr EHUor. ., Siff Us I'/iitor: } ,f> i ’> -c; A1 '-inaircr. Cuvei EdjJfir
«...Jf)hn F. Amos Don T. Brophy ..John He Armstrong Robert L. Hadley Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatfield
PublicaHon Staff Asuoc'atc Editors I>. W. Ochcillrcc, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rftfort, D. rt M’. <[1. HoKkins, R. W, Boswinklc, K. Ronuemorc, Wolf. • fp-ils S'laff: H. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. Saliy Benll, Charlotte Hass, Jean Laticr, Elaine .\lH\ns. . ■ Business Staff Cr-ctl nii.’inc.‘’..‘i Manaprer: 'Tulia Martin. ■ i!\t^■^:^nalrcrs: J, M. WVifehf,-D. 1j. Johnson, J. Petty. i '.v, 11 Mj*nag-cr: G. H. Klouman. • r - Manager; Trena Torrenjja. .Ittiwi f (. ord ManaRcrs: Kllen Clark, Jane Kcim. The Purdue independent ?';! j'T-.'v.-Chkf Dave Barta u rkl.tor Ed Humphrey ]T: Miiiafrer . .....Elwin Welbattm . r.'.ll.cr Roberta Keesler • h • ntr Maiia»:cr.... Scott Brown '.Inn'isci ....George Paine - i:. ManfiRcr Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue i*»rr Muriihy Sports Editor: Shryer ^*r: Porter Issue Editor. SommCr ct;;; Caylor, Hollatul, Parsons, Richardson, Hnynrs, Mi'l l. Lynch, Bains, Vermilion, Tyson, Riggs, Speck.
trre-d : , In.lihi
; iu'cond cla?.s matter at the post office in Lafay1. under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, special rate of postage provided for in .section October 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Tu?,-:iay, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings (ai. i>«,Uverctl locally by carrier for $1.^6 for a ^Ti.on j.>r two .semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a • ...''(I for two semesters, e -’er: mailed subscription $1.50. I for national advertising by National AdvertisInc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 New York, N. Y.
A Challenge, ' ; Green Potters . . . Last week, the freshmen of Purdue chosea--s;:veii-man board, called the Green Potters, to represent them. Exactly where and when this board “represents” their class is a question, and what they accomplish is even more of a puzzle to most of us. .Creating friction between independent and fraternity students is certainly no attribute fi rr uny organization; Having a group of men A' ho a.pparently attain no definite goals during f'lieir period in office is a waste of energy in Ciiucal times as these, but if these were the only criticisms, the organization could probah'Iy have a legitimate existanqe. liowever, every year the officers promise a (lance ;-it was not given last year. Organizing I i)e traditional “pot-burning” night, which ■.’■, as a strong talking point during elections, ;s unnecessary as shown this fall when others io ik' the situation well in hand. Also, the daHcf for freshmen could easily be sponsored ■ lio Student Union and given in honor of O'.tiers, for the Union does this sort of tli;;i,;r twice a week. For these reasons it apj to us that as the Green Potters Club j .-■tands, it accomplishes exactly nothing, : . instead is a symbol of the inefficiency so ;:(jmmon to students in colleges today. f he innovation of a seven-man board with almost equal representation of unorganized ai'u fraternity men could possibly be the first . ■]) in a good direction. If these students '■ )r,!d .set forth to fellow classmen a group of ' ietu lie goals which they wish to attain durin he coming year, and then find the way ; I lusjuire these points, perhaps Green Potters u.W i)e called a worthy ins’titution. 1:: i hTKJs as changing as these, a conference V'i- i'it .' lHpan fellows in which authorities Ir sn industry in the various essential fields explain the training and preparation ’ ( ary for different types of work would h ' ]j Jpful. Many freshmen are dubious about ! In; authenticity of rumors they read and hear (.(iiieerning vital jobs. Through questioning nnn.l general conversation, it is known that 1 iu.ugh freshmen came to college to avoid the di art. v. hat they hope to accomplish while ati' iii'ing the t^niversity is indefinite to them. i'hit 1) usiasin from “greenies” at sports funci.nj'is is vile chance for the Board to improve el id nl i ititudes. Better attendance at Unil;r: ity cunvos would help the students theni- ■ I'. es and encourage the authorities—^a gen(g'.nl sdre s])ot with the executives. All of this <■ ,M he accomplished through the renowned (;- ( !! P(itlers Board. ! his is a challenge to you seven men who proigjni your class. There is a definite seryi( ■ you can perform if you realize the possihditk's. The questions is Will You?—-c.f.h.
sr Lieut. Donald Robbins . liDivci Kily gJ'inlualt', has receiveci his promotion iisl l.icutonaiil:. lie i.s .stationed in Northern Ire- !. l.i^'iit. Jti.'bbii!!; left tor overseas last Februai’y.
Thomas R. Tipton
. who attended the University for one year as an I iiioei ii^: .student, has received his wings as an Army Air Force Lieutenant aftej' completion of the u riiniii.t'' p(u iod at'Spencer Field, Ga. Tipton is .from
Jf^juci'a.
le WASUieOH tm d,, U S P.l OH Merry-go-round By OREW PEARSON Charles Wilson Takes Hold Of Plane Production, Bolsters ' Ndson's Position In WPB WASHINGTON—When Donald Nelson recently announced a new airplane program doubling the rate of production, Mr. John Q. Public got the impression that this mpant something stupendous, something en.tirely new. Actually it, did not mean anything of the kind, It merely meant that the War Production Board resolved to double the present rate of production, which is lagging .so ihexcusably that it is only one-half what it should be. So the unpleasant but inescapable back-stage fact is that the doubling process will only bring airplane production up to the goal set hy the President, and that is all. Simultaneously, Nelson made another announcement which, although not featured in the headlines, actually was much more important than his' statement on airplanes. He announced the appointinent of Charles Wilson, former president of General Electric, as czar of airplane production, supplanting the Army and Navy. Wilson is one of the most refreshing, forthright,, go-getting executives who ever came,to Washington. Knowing nothing about politics, drafted personally by the President, never wanting to leave his General Electric job, Wilson is a babe-in-the-woods when it comes to the petty jealousies which bog down the war effort. But he is probably the foremost production man in the U. S. A. If anyone could produce airplanes, undoubtedly Wil- . s6n is the man. Almost immediately, however, he found that the Army didn’t want him to—at least at the expense of taking power away from its own brass hats. And that’s what the shooting ,is all about between the Army and the WPB during the past ten days. • Army Saves Face To understand the picture fully, it is necessary to go back to October, when airplane production, accoi'd-■-ung ta its ex-chief Merrill Meigs, sagged to the lowest percentage of the President’s goal. In mid-September, the WPB, worried over the relative nose-dive of the production curve, determined to buck things up in October. To this end, William Knudsen, ex-WPBoss and a man who knows production, set a certain number of planes (a military secret) as the October goal. But when Gen. Marshall queried Gen. Bennett Meyers, in charge of Army airplane procurement, Meyers claimed that Kneudsen’s figure was too high The airplane factories could only produce 1,000 planes less than Knudsen’s estimate, Meyers claimed. Gen. Meyers has been a virtual czar over the airplane'industry'. They fear him. .Upon his word depends the orders they get from the Army, the mate•rials, and to a large extent the profits. It is interesting to note that during October the airplane plants produced approximately what Meyers estimated they could—and no more. But WPB officials have now unearthed some interesting circunistances regarding October production. On the last day of September, factories turned out 700 to 800 planes. WPB officials believe that to keep these machines from being delivered in October, in order to make September production greater and October production lower, some of these planes were accepted by the Army while still on the assembly line. Then in the last day or two of October, some airplane factories held back delivery in order to put them in the November quota. Thus the Knudsen figure turned out to be wrong and Meyers’ figure right. This is the type of Army cooperation, according to WPB officails, which is bogging down the war, and is the inside reason why Donald Nelson has now served an ultimatum that airplane production must be completely in the hands of General Electric’s Charles Wilson. • Nelson Vs. Somervell This has run squarely up against the determination of an ambitious Army clique to gradually take over the entire War Production Board; The plan was conceived a long time ago and is adrnitted quite frankly by Certain Army officers. “We’ll let WPB carry on as a front,” they have boasted, “but actually we will be working from behind, and before long they will have nothing left but a shell.” In much more polite and adroit language this was virtually admitted by Gen. Brehon Somervell, svclt, efficient head of the Army’s Services of Supply, probably the most ambitious man in the army today. Lunching with Donald Nelson he said, “Either I have to run this whole show or you do.” To which Nelson replied: “I thoroughly agree with you, General Somervell.” What they were arguing about was transferring all production scheduling to Ihe War Production Board, away from the Army and Navy. In the past this has been a hit-and-miss arrangement completely without coordination. Take, for instance, the questions of ships. The Navy wants steel for battleships. The Army builds ships for transports. The Maritime Commission builds ships for carrying war supplies. All three have their own ideas on how much steel they need, and the more steel they use, that much less is available for tanks, artillery, etc. When it comes to deciding these things, Army-Navy cooperation in the South Pacific is like clockwork compared with the pulling and hauling between the armed services over steel and battleships and airplanes in Washington. • Tough-Fighter Wilson Into this melee. General Electric’s production wizard Wilson has come with the argument that you can’t produce anything efficiently unless you schedule in advance just how much material you will need for planes, how much for warships, make those schedules several months in advance, and stick to them. The disasti’ous delays of the past few month.s, Wilson maintains, ard because an airplane may be entirely finished except for one small part; aiul becau.se of faulty scheduling that part is weeks late. Weak spot in D. Nelson’s armor is that he has not fired some of the nambyrpamby ^Lmen around him. This gave the military some argument for stepping in. Now, however. Nelson, who seemed on the verge of getting out a few.months ago, has taken on a, new lease of life with the advent Uf Charles Wilson. . 'Wilson is backstopping 100 percent, and Wilson is a tough fighter. i (Copyx’ight, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By pcKty
ooL
roun
■ By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson Italian unrest seems to be increasing, caused both by t^Hc British bombings and the growing discontent of the peoplb. Not only the common man has been registering protest, htif jt was announced lately that former chief-of-staff Pietro Bo^ doglio has been arrested with many others for a,h ailegM
plot to overthrow Hitler’s number one stooge a,nd restqre'the power to puppet-king Victor Emmanuel. When men '^s mfluential as Bodoglio "plot against their forpier leaders something is surely rotten inT'taiy.x. 'v
The
Book Worm
Say
's:
THIS GREAT JOURNEY Book Review by Mary Jane Carr
The nation Was 'Shocked this ive'e'k when it learned'that over 430'persons had already died, and. ifiatiy more were expectejd tb succUTOb'aS
“ive run into me same amicuicy, rlgnewcon-
to join my car pool.”
moDoay v/ants
11:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. ,7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
4:00 P-.M. 4 :00 P.M. , 6:30 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
men of the last fifteen years makes this book more than a personal narrative. The first half of the biogI'aphy concerning her early life had been written and laid aside for a few years but the latter part Was finished in the spring of 1942, and we are given an up-to-date picture of conditions in factories and homes of
war-time Britain.
The daughter and granddaughter of Scottish coal miners, she was in early youth incensed over the poverty and poor, working conditions of her neighbors and friends. Even as a liigh school girl she attended all kinds of socialist meetings, soaking
State Dept, of Public Welfare .....Room 263, Union up ideas and theories of union labor Student Union Election ... East Faculty Lge., Union leaders. As a member of the radical Thomas Say Entomol. Soc. Dinner.. West Faculty Lge., Union Independent Labour Party she lost Union Sopii. Dinner,;....::..... Old Chestnut Rm., Union her seat in Parliament in the cl.ec-
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Room 304, Union * tiou of 1931.
Jennie Lee, youngest woman eyei result of a night club fire ip fibsto become a member of the Biitish All of these people.>died nbedParliament,.tells of her life in THIS because proper escapb'eidtg GREAT JOURNEY. Her associa- maintained. It seems that tion with labor leaders and states- gygj.y several years a fire, of, this
University Calendar
Tuesday, December 1
Union Board Dinner..,..: Room 355, Union Forestry Club Meeting Auditorium, Hort. Bldg. County H. E. Teachers ,...; Room 261, Union Christian Science ...........Room 303, Union
Wednesday, December 2
student Union Election....: POMM Closed Meeting Horticulture Banquet Lutheran Church Soc. Dinner. Union Board Dinner
East Faculty Lge., Union ......Armory West Faculty Lge., Union .....Room 355, Union Old Chestnut Rm., Union
Varsity Chris. Fellowship Meeting..Room 307, Union Marriage Course Rooms 302-304, Union Hort. Club Meeting Auditorium, Hort. Bldg.
^[sdhdiA. \o the
Editor’s Note: This letter was received from George Ade, University graduate of ’87 and now president of Board of Trustees.
have a cook soon. . . . Mrs. Gilman and Mr. and Mrs. Bert Ebi have called on us. . . . We' expect to get along all-right, by spending much time at home. . . . “Red” Snedigar met us at the train and we hope he will take us to the Barnum & Bailey circus next Friday.... It was
My housekeeper, Katie Krue, and I took'a train for Florida at Wat-
seka. 111., on aftarnoon of Sunday, . , „ , , November 15th. On our wav down Pm'ared for the sad news regarc- period.
llie Indiana-Purdue football ———
Miss Lee is emotional, and outspoken, and does not qualify her statements with any consideration of necessary war time I'estrictions. She considers Churchill a dictator and deplores the censorship of the London press. She is self-conscious in her socialism, frequently losing sight of the long view of the war in analyzing her own reactions to minor incidei.its. If you do not agree with some of Jennie’s dreams for a future socialistic Britain, remember her ideas are the product of a life spent among the underpriviliged laboring classes of Scotland and
England.
She concludes that if the Allies had won this war too easily in the early stages it might merely have brought a third world war. As it is,, they need the help of all races and therefore must accept such countries as India and China as equals. Her idea seems to be that, if no one nation wins the war, there will not be so much danger of dictated peace terms to hamper the reconstruction
scope, measured in human lives, occurs.; After eacH fire, proper pi’e(iautions were enfoi'ced rigidly by the cities until the balm of time caused laxity of inspection ahd, in some cases, graft to supercede proper enforcement. The whole nation should how profit, at least for awhile, by the needless deaths of 400 innocent people. We are losing enough' lives on the battlcfronts today without risking them carelessly ..at home.; An old saying says, “An ounce of; prevention is worth a pound of cure,” but a thousand pounds Of the latter can’t help a person after he is I'urned beyond recognition and . then trampled bya maddened crowdl vainly seckin.g an exit. ' ' ': ■ Winston Churchill, in his speech . of the other night, inferentially urged the Italians to make a separate peace. Blany people \vonder what the results of such a' move would be. In .some . circles 'it'.is. thought that even if British troops weren’t, allowed by the agreeiifenf: to enter Italy that Hitler would in-;, vade the country anyhow. It . is thought that many Germans .are.a'J-: ready in Italy, some permanently based there (such as the air forpe)' and some there for possible ;embarkation.' Outjjght invasion 'of • Italy, in this case, might result in a chaos from which the AllieA.haye a good chance of emerging'Victorious. ’ ■ ' V
mg
game. . . . We arc having our mail delivered instead Of going to the pest office. It comes in a day or two late. Our-household goods and private belohgirigs, shipped through by freight over two weeks ago, have not arrivecl. AVc are in a wai!
George Ade.
Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fratei’nity, announces the initiatio'i of the following members: Harry Michaels, Gene Wilkin-
scarcity of. cars and a su])er- sen, Horace? Slierwood, Harold Manabundance oi men in uniform. . . . gus, J’hil Winslow, Roleert Caldwell, The weather was perfect and has Harman Du Granrut, Harold Miles,
we began to discover war conditions. Our train was very long and proceeded by jolts at a reduced pace. We had many soldiers aboard and made frequent, stops, waiting to pick up, more., We pulled into Jacksonville many, hours late and thought we had mis-sed connections, but our Pullmaii,sleeper had waitcid for us and we,changed cars at throe a. m. Arrived in Miami six hours late after a welcome breakfast wrangled for us by . the Pullman conductor. . . . From, the first peek up I'''laglcr Street wo noted a
been so up to date—approaching 80 about noon and never going below 70 at night. I am wearing midsummer garb, including a strav/ hat; . . . Miami Beach is swarming with boys in training. They are everywhere, crowded into the, big hotels, marching along the streets, drilling in every open space. There ai'o 40,000 hero now and soon there will be 70,000. ... We have no car and depend upon taxis, which come promptly on call and are cheap. We have been eating out but expect to
Carlin Brandt, J. Denny Jeffreys, Jim McCormick, Byron Moore, Tom Burger, Max Hefflcy, Bill Stotts-find Donald Davis.
MaiiI
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
ANN SHERIDAN RONALD REAGAN in "JUKE GIRL" plus : 'DRUMS ALONG THE MOHAWK' with CLAUDETTE COLBERT HENRY FONDA
ARC
New under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
!• Docs not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritafe skin. 2. No waiting toi dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3« Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanisipng cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal American Institute of Laundering •• harmless to fabrics.^ ^ Guaranleed b)f JBm A y^Good Housekeeping , O Op Bay ■ jar today at any etore eelllDg ^j^^^folle^ood^al»^^l0^n^59^jor^
TODAY and WEDNESDAY STARDUST on THE SRGE
flKOl ... RADIO Picture with Charles “Buddy" ROGERS • ZaSu PITTS — ALSO —
CARTOON and DEFENSE REEL
mnvmu TODAY and TOMORROW BEAUTY. .RHYTHM... EAR-TINGLING TUNES
LUHA —TODAY - TOMOROWDid she do' wrong? Well ...she didn't do bad ... I
. , j PATRIC KNOWLES " I R A L P H B E L L A M Y Vf j EUGENE PALLETTE iiii Que«nie;V«B»sr I Lf. S'-!
yARS ODAY AND TOMORROWi^fiecembet 1, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Aige <9 iMMiliiill«MM»
AcfuiiiSe Promises Fun, Frolic For Week-End Water Carnival
^ f
Meh, women and dogs will all swim in the annual Aquacade which opens the winters sports season in the Fieldhouse this yreek end. ^This combination will preseht the finest show of its type that has yef been seen on the campus. Coach Dick Fapenguih, aided by members of the Dolphin and I'riton clube» has worked to make the annual show a sucpese ^ince the start of the fall term.^ Ih spite of the obstacles youthful holder of the majority of presented' by gas rationing, the women's breast stroke records, their etorfs will not have been ^ favorite with the in vain > > ' ' • crowd, will take part in both serious -Ti t'i" novelty demonstrations of her Highlighting the program specialty. for the second successive year The complete program follows:
Giant Boilermaker Netmen^®®'^""®'’"'®* For. Mat Tournament
Opening—Upiveisity Glee Club. Triton Floating Ballet—Glee Club accompaniment. Labrador Eetriever in Action— Presented by Dr. H, N. Swezey^of'
Lafayette.
Roller skating on the bottom of
will bfe the singing of the University Glee Club, Patrons of last yeai’s shbwwill remember the colorful setting which jthe dimly lighted pool presented for their songs. Led by Al Stewart, this singing organization which later achieved runner-up
pbsition in the national contest, has the pool, held many audiences spellbound Glee Club specialty, with its melodies. Roy Heidke’s try for world mark. Nor will the evening be without Swimmando Performance—Thirhilarity, for many novelty events are ty-two male swimmers, included on the program. Specta- Return of two of the thiee little tors must not be brightened by any- fishes—with the Glee Club diving thing that may happen in their performance, midst dprmg the course of the eve- Triton aiiplane ballet, ning. ' 1 Glee Club specialty. Heidke After Record Patty Aspinall, world’s record
Those attending will have the op- holder,
portunity to see one of the world’s Triton Waltz Ballet—Glee Club, finest breast-strokers in action when Wagon race along the bottom of
Roy Heidke goes after the world pool.
mark in the fifty-yard breast stroke. Medley relay lace—Prosh vs. Roy has shaved his time foi this Varsity, event until he has come extremely Glee Club. clo&e to the mark in recent trials. Duet Ballet—Glee Club accom-
Another annual performer ap- paniment
pearing this year is Patty Aspinall, Finale—Glee Club.
INTRAMURALS
BASKETBALL Tuesday evening, Dec. 1 , Court 1—Don Sprague 7:00 Beta Thejia Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 7:16 Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:10 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:25 Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tdu. Copi-t 2—Dave Rodgers 7:00 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 7:16 Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 8:10 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Chi. 8:26 Delta, Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Co^f;t 3-*ijD. V. MeVey 7:00 The<».'pa%,;^s. Theta Xi. 7:16 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Beta
Sigma Psi. 8:10 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. 8:26 Phi Delta Theta vs. Acacia.
7.00
16 10 25
7:00
7:15 8:10
Wednesday evening, Dec. 2 Court 1—Stanley Benz ) Waid 2A vs. IID.
3 Waicl 3 vs. 21. ) Ward 9 vs. HE.
5 Waid lOA vs. IIB. Court 2—J. Dudasics
Ward lOB vs. IIC. Waid 22 vs. 26. Ward 27 vs. 30.
Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta
Tau Delta.
Court 3—S. Rudasics Kappa Delta Rho vs. Sigma
Nu.
Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle. Navy vs. Phi Kappa.
TEAR UP THAT CHRISTMAS LIST Let us solve the whole problem for you ,with photographs, so easy, so economical—and yet so distinctive. SCOBEE’S PHONE 2343 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Tsi;
66 Baffle Filter
MEDICO IlifieiiPSMOMiNG
USED IN MEDICO PIPES, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE HOLDERS New York—The scientific, absorbent iiltcr has contributed mightily to the smoking pleasure of millions of men and women who have switched to Medico Filtered Smoking. Actually, i he smoko must travel througn 66 “baffles” before reaching the mouth. Flakes and slugs aic trapped; and the smoke is whirl-cooled as it winds its way thiough the filter.
”Why should I hit him? He promised me some Sir Walter Raleigh after the fight*’
Blended lioiii choice Kciilutky Iniilivs, bir Wdliei Raleigh is cxtia mild -bums cool—with a delightlul aroma all Us ou ii. SIR WALTER RALEIGH PIPE TOBACCO •.u Smokes as sweet as it smells
UNION MADS
Coach Claude Reeck, who guided the Riveter wrestlingr to the championship of the Western Conferenee last 9ek$m, issued a call-out yesterday afternoon for students to partieipaie in an All-Campus Wrestling Tournament which will fee held shortly, after the Christmas vacation. Each weight division will be represented in this toamamenW and the contestants will be di-
'Piggy' Bears Down As Till With Rhinies Appears On Schednie With only nine days remaining oefore the opening curtain raiser
the University, enjoyed an undefeat(d season last year. The first varsity meet will probably take place shortly after Chii^tmas, but no definite action has been taken as far as
For the first time in many seasons, Coach Ward Lambert of the Riveter basketball forces the conference schedule is con-
will be able to present a starting lineup that averages welj over the six foot mark In the center captain and letterman Al Menke scrapes his scalp on a 6 toot, 4 inch ceiling At the left Rudy Lawson, another letterman from last '5'ear^ goes over the 6 foot mark, while long Jack Swantz, on the right, stands at 6 feet, 5 inches Other tall men round out this squad which should prove to be one of the conference's finest retrievers of rebounds.
Sailor Bucketeers Inaugurate 32-Tilt Schedule At Home
vided into three classes: experienced, semi-experienced and novice. The weight divisions will ipclude the 121,128, 136, 145, 176 and heavyweight
classes.
Experience Unnecessary
The likeable Riveter wrestling jiilot emphasized the fact yesterday that previous experience is unneces-
sary in wrestling. Reeck cited the ^uh the Little Giants of Wabash, case of Bob Britt, who although he the preview game with Coach had never wrestled bef01 e coming to “Dutch” Fehring’s Rjiinies only a hVin TTnitrovc if tr or»-irtxro/-l on nnrlo-Poof _ i -i tc-r\’ t
’eek away, Coach Piggy' Lam1 ert \ egon to bear down on h^^ green crew of basketball candidates for the 1942-43 varsity, in their practice session on the Fieldhouse
floor yesterday afternoon.
Between Halves
The practice warm-up with the freshmen which is scheduled for December 8, will be sponsored ^ usual by the Reamer Club and Will feature a between halves basketball game between the Reamers and the
ceined.
Two of the most outstanding members of last season’s championship mat squad will be missing this season. Mickey McDonald, who won the conference title and took second place in the National Intercollegiate Touiney in the 121 pound class.
has received an appointment to the This game §hoUld really
be called the Reamer-Gimlet Mas-
Tho Gieat Lakes Bluejacket'basketball team will play an ambitious 32-game schedule this season, opening Tuesday night on their home
U. S. Naval Academy at Annapolis.
Casey Fredericks who wrestled in Last year a definite decision
as to who won the game was not reached, because the lights went out during the game and oflScialB believed that foul play had entered into the battle. Aside frmn having a few teeth and arm stubs scattered around the Fieldhouse the affair was quite interesting. ’The same
S ports CommuniqueQ
By Bob Hadley
The opening of the basketball season, for the past few years a much more pleasant section of the Boilermaker spoits calendar thpn the football season, is now less than two weeks away. Coach Pitigy (sometimes known as “Ward”) Lambeit and his squad have been woiking bal'd m preparation for their opening tilt against Wabash on December 10. ; “Piggy” isn’t saying much as yet about the possibilities of his cage squad. It’s pretty tough to look at a gang of sophomores and juniors, only five of which were members of the squad last season, no matter how good theyymight look in practice, and say “wel’ll take the Western Conference in a breeze”. , , ,
^ , , , , , 1 i ,,, , and the leading college quintet in
Cap’n Al Menke is the sole regulai reporting back for duty, although , . mpiudine- all memberq title which he holds in the 136 pound
southpaw forward, Howard Hoffman, saw a lot of action on the hardwood ^ Bir-Ten and Notre Sime
last year. Hoffman rs the only senior on the squad (Menke, too, will be p, . Lp „ p ' Frank Ruggieri, who went lost by graduation, however, in August) Another boy that played quite i. anies ^ through the regular wrestling sea-
a bit last year, and who gives piomise of being in theie a good proportion • ® of ®‘^'^ '^^®* without a setback, and with a 54 to 26 victory. Ehlers, Mot-
of the season this year is transplanted guard, Rudy Lawson. Lawson nc uae a ge eious numner oi proceeded to capture the Big ' ' played forward last yeai, but switched to the guard position this year. t'ooi- ?, heavyweight crown, will report
Red-headed Myrwin Anderson has been seeing a lot of service in the
the 128 pound Class and captured the Big Ten crown in that weight, has been lost through graduation. Fredericks was undefeated in dual meet
competition for three years.
Britt Leaves Soon
Warren Gregory, who was second
coiut in Drill Hall 1400 against Mil- in the conference in his class last , •« waukee Teachers’ College. During reason, entered the armed forces, type of struggle wiU p^vaff fh«
the next three months they will ^nd Bob Britt will graduate this meet Stanford, Nation Champions, i^enth. Mark Matovina will be back
once again to defend the conference
practice combinations to date. Standouts from a group of promising sophomores are Jack Kennedy and Ed Ehlers, forward and guard respectively, who add both height and speed to the team. What Piggy may pull out of the hat that he keeps his conference championships in, it’s a little to early to tell. The squad needs a lot of seasoning and the fiist few games may sec a lot of shifting around of
personnel.
The first opportunity for Boilermaker fans to see the squad in action will come on December 8, when the varsity meets a pretty capable looking freshman squad in the Fieldhouse in a Gimlet-Reamer sponsored game. That’s only about-a week away, so mark it down on your calendar. Just to make sure that the teams look good by comparison, it is rumored that the Gimlets and Reamers are coPking up their customary between-halves tilt between quintets from the two organizations. TJie game has never exactly been classed as a basketball classic because of playing skill displayed, but it is unsurpassed for supplying new angles on the game of basketball. As was the case in football, the Boilermakeis are starting off under a handicap because the majority of the rest of the teams in the conference are entering the basjjetball season with a large portion of theii experieiiced men from last year. The basketball ouflook in thfe 'Big Ten is fully as rugged as the football prospects turned out to be,^ and the team that
year and the usual stretchers Will be
used on the sidelines. Varsity Down Frosh
In the feature game of the pvpview tilt last season, the \vaTsify squad walked all over the gteen squad of freshmen and ended
. .... sdn last year without a setback, and a generous number of ^
.. Biddle, and Myers were dome
tainment of recruits. Last yeai an of the lads on the losihg end Jadt average of 5000 enlisted men packed be accompanied by time, but next week theyfll be on the into the hall to see the Sailors play. “ Barwegen, who played beside dishing out side when they, mate
Kuggieii in the Boilermaker line their first appearance iii variiiy during the pigskin campaign. Still togs. This tilt will give the students another member of the football a chance to see what kind of ipateam, Pete De Maria, is already terial both Lambert and Fehrittg
Plrf ormance of their Naval duties wrestling mats, have on hand, and at the same time
Promising Frosh jt -tvin give some much neMed exOutstanding freshman perform- perience to the green varsity squad, ers on the squad this year include It will give Coach Lambert a ohailee
they must conform to a rule'^hich ckss, and to se^e how his hoys act under'fire limits their trips to 48 hours. That ™ so that he can get somb idea off *
Four other games—against Illinois, Creighton, Puidue and Notre Dame —will be played in the Chicago
Stadium.
as commanders of reciuit companies necessarily limits the players’ time away from the station for games, so
condition will make it all the harder for them in their attempt to uphold the gi'eat record made by last year’s
team.
The Bluejackets’ schedule will take them into eleven different states during the season, giving them a great opportunity to further the Navy’s recruiting drive. It is a matter of record that enlistments increased as much as 40 per
takes the championship in 1942-43 will be a tough one. Will it be the
Riveters ? Our neck is still sore from being thrust OUt' during the late wherever the team played last
departed grid season, so we wouldn’t be interested in inaking a prediction . . . but as long as Coach Lambert is m charge Of'Boileimaker bas
ketball, the Riveters will be up iieai the top of the heap.
J r
Although the exact dates upon which the Boilermaker cage team will match scoring power with the Sail01 s are uncertain at the piesent time. Piggy’s boys will be meeting up with df couple of fellows who played a lot of mighty fine basketball right here in the Fieldhouse duiing their collegiate careeis. “Frosty” Sprowl, who was always up among the leading scoiers in the Western Confeience, is now wearing the umfoim of the Tais. Still anothei loimei mcmbei of Boilciiiiaker quintets who will loluiii this lime to plague then efloils is ‘‘Red” Caiess. Rememhei the swell job he turned in at the guaicl position?
the 146 pound division.
All Campus Bowling
Tournameni'
Schedule for Week Nine
Wednesday, 6:30
Phi Sigma Kappa-Pi Kappa Phi. Beta Sigma Psi - Phi Gamma
Delta.
Alpha Gamma Rho-Beta Theta Pi. Triangle-Phi Kappa Sigma. Hilltops-Sigma Phi Epsilon. Wednesday, 8:45 Phi Kappa Alpha-Alpha Chi Rho. Alpha Tau Omega - Tau Kappa Epsilon. Sigma Pi-Sigma Nu. Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Theta Chi. Delta Tau Delta - Lambda Chi
Alpha.
Thursday, 6:30 Theta Tau-Delta Upsilon. Phi Kappa Tau-Delta Chi. NoHce All students interested in varsit> or freshman track, report oiT Wednesday to room 103 x)f the Fieldhouse. —PHILLIPS
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
FULL POUND with scoop After a hard day’s working, shopping or gad-abouting, relax completely in a soft, fleecy, cloud of fragrant, luxurious bubbles. You’ll love it! You’ll look forward to it! Sutton’s Bubble Bath is grand ... it softens the water ... it cleanse^. . . it leaves the tub fresh and clean. In your favorite fragrance, too. Apple Blossom, Spice, Gardenia, American Pme, and Honeysuckle. 2 lb. Sue $1.00 Dusting Powder jc.z S9c
CORDS
CLEANED and TINTED 60c
UNTINTED 45c
dams.
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
PHONE
American Laundry . SANIJONE CLEANERS^
possible clicking combination H the opening tilt with the Caveiftn.
Three Lettermen
Only three returning lettermen are available to form the nucleiis of this year’s squad. Captain Al Menke ■will handle his usual pivot position and will probably be relieved by lanky Jack Swantz, junior centei*. who saw considerable action last season. Rudy Lawson, dead-eye forward who did a lot of superior bail handling last year, is the second of the limited group of Iqttermen. Rudy, with his tip-in ability will probably team with Menke to form q hard-to-beat under - the - basket combination. Harold Hoffman is the thii'd letterman. This southpaw from down Indianapolis way was a veteran performer in the relief roles he played last season. In addition to these lads. Coach Lambert has on hand a wealth, eff material moved up from last year’s frosh outfit. Ed Ehlers, burly sophomore from South Bend, is making strong bids for a starting berth. Jack Kennedy, 6 ft. 2 in sophomore from Ohio, is also a strong contender. These two along with Menke and Lawson would make up i combination that averages amund the 6 ft. 3 in. mark. Two --eLoad homester sophoiiK-ieh iviio Will be ciigiblc for varsity competr. on it the emi of this semester are Max Biggs, hefty forward from Lafayette, and Ralph Brower, speedy forward from
fort Wayne. More Material
Other candidates for vaisity berths are Don MeVey, sophomoie from West Lafayette; Paul Friend, minor letterman who i -'Iso a local product; and Edwin Jones -.oubomore from Jaspei Also active in the practice session^ are \nderson, junior ball hawk from Edwaidsport, and sophomores Bob Mjei^, Jeffersonville; Robert Morris, Lebanon; Bill Kercheval, New Albaiij; cieial ' W’t.'iiin FianKt'oit: and to' i BukilPiookston prospective Boxers Report Tomorrow All students interested in boxing, experienced or not, should report to the boxing arena on the second floor of the Fieldhouse at 4:30 p. m. Wednesday, December 2 for the first meeting of the Boilermaker pugilists. JIM BEERS, InstructorP&rdue
i A sij >V T 'tmidfif, ‘t, '1^
{^laystiop Tickets
f
Go On Sale Today
Group Presents 'Moon Is Down' In Eliza Fowler Hall Next Week Tickets foi John Steinbeck’s “The Moon Is Down”, second
notified by letter
Wliiliuin win wu Au* jiJiVMinvo • uv jurv-i-v,»i»*^M * -TRUEBLOOD Union-Building All activca bt pr
Hockema Will Speak Prof. J. J. Galloway Holmes To Conclude
To New Alplia Zeta Merviews T^Ay
y M - It B T^pl GSetlt^tlV© of imiuol |»i«v;^ i.u»v «1.W ..liv ..«TW J--, ^ ItilTISTeS I OfflOfrOW J ^1. u d, dd.- did- ji. Ai- tTv-A 14. 4A 4. A ,4..4 it up It oneo No student now in school may once and who would like to bcod^a Furdiu irif f Kftliyjltvvr a. . Al K Alexand^l Hamilton Institute, be .nllstcd aftu Dco si ploccssms of an yUl lenders report at f p m to thp field
NPiT Inilixnriv A1 I‘ill Will conclude his visit to the cam I’l'cantb Ituunts appMkiWateli’ two weeks house arty anorriOoh this i*®ck llvAl IllUliJUCIf HI f JuJM LOHUUUt, nih visit to tne ctiiii ^ eomplelt necessary physical examlnationb —SCHWAB
pus today to inteiview piospective and allied papers limited cleiical hefip , ^
Ail Mala Students It you desire to dniiat '»' ' , , s * , the Armv Cnltstcd Rcstlvt Corps, io\x Noilfca All fi^t dr ic^rtd sdiucstfir freeh St place yoUr application now and follow mtn who have had niRh school Vel( pxptri
Di J J
pus today to inteiview piospective . .
Galloway, pi of essoi of giaduates cohceimng Executive uio waItVh\nTh^?a»^m\”nut"*to S'lv'^'^AU
be%eld'tonmrrow mlht geology and paleontology at the Management and Business affaiis *" S'*
Pi of r C Hockema assistant to the Piesidcnt will be the piincipal speakei at the Alpha Zeta initiation
banquet to be held tomorrow night „ tt n n u a a au xir a at G in the Home Economics Cafe University of Indiana, will lectuie He will hold ineetings at the West teiia His theme will be the philos “The Stoiy of Petioleum” nekt minstei Foundation between 8 a m
ophy of the futule as it applies to Thursday at 7 30 in the lectuie and 6pm
college giaduates and othei coming Stanley Coulter Hall He The puipose of these inteivifews
of Purdut Aimory
-GRAHAM
Gold Pepper Activee hild PledgeBj iSl(eetiiniK for dotivcH dt i lli in room 405 pjf tpo Union Compuibdiy meeting for nil piddgds nt i 10 in loom 305 _ ^
—WEBfB
Student usher and poliei for motbull AWS Executive Board Mtrtlng Wednos games get their money at ticket oflicc in day at 4 p m in the AwS olttcc I icldhouae after 1 p, m Wednesday, , —CBOhlf
> —gAMfaEllS
Purdtic Engineer Staff: Meeting Xuestlay
All students who have December 1 at 4 p m • ■ —KIMBREDI*
problems '' chaits and spectmehs to will be to infoim inteiested stU Frtc Applicants!
. . , The 17 new initiates will be hon iHnstiate his diseUssiop ort the dis dents of the oppoitunities offbred btL'^eKd\ewrt%o’^R«o''n%4“^^^
Playshop production of the yeai, aie now on sale m the box mod fhst by a welcoming address tubution, production geologic rela by the Alexander Hamilton Insti- ‘jl^u^ryTo^^alVa'lra^lgTm"^^^^^^^^^^ Dct^bT^-f^n r^o^m^Vof^he
office mFowle. Hall The play, a timely drama of sabotage, will a,ve„ by Howarf D.es,h„ a„<l lat« "‘S ‘".rtf toe wU dar^V'"' A m J Av, 1, TPv.aoi.aar thci6 Will bc a special cnteitaininefit ’’^8 peiroieum ne win aiso u career, or to tnose wno aesire a Fraternity Premdents there will hi be presented next Tuesday thiough r riaay George E Davrs of the the future of rts development knowledge of business in older? to yff" *Ekctionb'mli he’
-fROWN
Although the locale of the stoiy is never definitely stated by Depaitment of Education and Ap Dr Galloway as well as being a supplement then engineering edU Steinbeck, the public has geneially mteipieted it as an account pi,ed Psychology inembei of the geology departments cation rtf invasion tactics used by the Winners of the Alpha Zeta sehol of both Columbia and Indiana um y, t NaS rtheii occupation of ff ‘ ^630 Dean E. C. Young ■AT Triyyvryyyvtfo IT-P-Poat oITcl JrGrSOUll©! 1^0108 latGi durihg thc banQuet and all major oil companies ^ »
It b p m Eltctiom, will ht hold
—RIDER
Alpha Phi Omega Mttting tn Tuesday Dee 1 in room 304 of the Union al 7 30
Flying Cluh Ihere will he no mooting iV day Decemhtr 1 as previously scheduled Watch this column for the next meeting
—CROW
Norw ay Elements of feai and suspicion aie intioduced eaily in the pla^ as the invaders be-
Companies to visit campus Ingersoll Rand Co Y -
-De
ceiiibei and Apiil engineers Aeronca Aircraft Corporation,
Aliddletown, Ohio—Deeembei 2 In
^ ’ J cembei 7 and 8 Interested\m De come auai5that the conqueied Amii enpineeis
people aic fighting them thiough
subversive activties
Dick Kohls Mill plat the p ut of teiested m Deeembei and Apiil ME
Majoi Olden chief official who is fDiced to become a puppet leader of the citj goveinment Caiolrii Wood Mill take the pait of his wife Colonel Lnicei commanding offlcei of the imadeis Mill be plared by
Geoige Srkes Lancer S staff iP —' eluding Majoi Huntei Capt Loft Universal Mnuldfed Products Corp Lt Piackle and Lt Tondei will be pnstol Airciaft Div Bristol Va — played br John Clrik Bill Simpson Inteiested in December and April Bill Lestei and Ait Baiab lespec Science and Engineering Sign in tiveh Personnel Office by Saturday De Geoif^c Coiell the Tomu s fifth c^mbei 5
staff membeis, actives and pledges of the group are urged to attend The initiation will be held tonight
Sigma Xi national honoiary le
of the Giaduate School will be bc on time
Search fratelnity, Mill sponsoi the Thursday and Fiiday as
lectuie It will be open to all
Survey
AE CE Sign 111 Personnel Office
at once
Radiation Laboiatorj MIT Cairtbiidge Mass —jtfecembei 18 Inteiested ili Physicists and EE
Sign» in Pei«onnei Office
(Continued from page 1) ^ own advantage to do so
Below is the tianspoitatioii list Big Four schedules Will be subject to
Radio Workshop To Choose
Cast For Next Drama
working with a meat packing con cein relative to an educational pio giom which the coneein is Undej taking Deeembei 5 Dean Young
roiiight at 7 30 the next diania will be m Toledo wheie he will ad of the Radio Woikshop of the Re diess the Aiiieiican Vocational So
GOSSWDIN
Students Wi king to work for the Regis
,4, J* ... AAA trai during the Wintei Term registration a member of an advisory committee January 4 and 6 are reciuested to make
application at the Registrar s office Those with previous experience at registration or m other clerical jobs are given preference
—STONE
Pistol Team TrydUts The fblliiwing stu
1. m Actives may invitt any gucsta tney dents aVe reiiuested tp repott at tnh AriPtlty ivisli Gordon Piedine will show films on at 4 p m Wcdnesijay Deceinber 2 to tty Propagation of Northern Pike In Minne out fdi the liistol team G if ChriStqna sota and Game Birds to supplement his E C McGahey R C Phillipp E T Doynp talk Shoit business fnecting afterwards R K Deger C G Hersbey R T pingcr
A E Butkovich E R Moore 0 E Weir S Gulhcksen B G Harmon J M, Pgat^on H O Barbour D B Erwin J E Winer F J Hannum C H Smalo W G^ StmpSon J H Suthcrlin W W Wi»mairtli< ^
—BROWN
bcabbard and Blade Election of officers
Wednesday night at 7 30 p m in the Union t 1 T . A M u i, ij -A t; This will not be a formal meeting as prcVi Chi Epsilon Initiation will be held at 6 anoo^aoed Keys and Journals are
heie and will be distributed Plans for ini tiation parly this Saturday wiU be discussed This IS a stab meeting —SpBNCER
Union quired
Attendance by all actives is re
—JONES
u ri Boi r ovitI ceViQri hgious Foundation Mill be cast at ^lety on ceitain aspects of nost Mai
some change Decpmbei 6, and sched the University Piesbyteiran Chinch ^
columnist Mho paved thc May foi the invasion Mill be played b\
Koppers Coihpani Baltiinoie Maryland—Interested in Deeembei
ules of the James Whitcomb Riley no not listed (Seniors Most of the schedules hold true foi Sunday
Check foi changes)
The Schedules
Greyhound bus southbound to In dianapolis and Cincinnati Leave West Lafayette 6 26 a in 4 23 a m 2 25 a in 12 33 a m 10 56 p 111 b 43 p m 6 38 p m 4 55 p in
Haiold Waiien and Geoige Zissis and Aplil AeioE Sign in Peisonncl 2 38 p in 12 55 p in 10 p m
Mill take the role of Di Wintei Mayoi Ogden s closest fiiciid Elaine Kail and Jack Seaiff Mill take the paits of Annie and Joseph the Mai01 s servants while Becki Ann Pei line Mill play Molly Moi gan Don Sout Bob Balsei, and Jim Aingst Mill appear as town boys and Dale Dutfin John Patter
(to Indi inapolis onh ) 8 40
7 10 a 111
Giej hound bus noithbound to Chicago 8 oO a m 10 50 a m
son and Beit Squiei Mill take the Personnel Office bj Wednesday
paits of soldieis December 9
As usual <^mgle admission tickets
Office
Consolidated Virclaft Corpora tion Fort Worth Texas—Intel est ed in Deeembei and April CE ME
A Tt Cl T> -1 /-.4tt 1 12 41 p m 2 50 p m 4 50 p iii
AE Sign m Peisonnel Office by ^ j '
Wednesday Deeembei 2
Leaf Ana lire Piqua Ohio—In ■^eiested in Deeembei and Apiil ME kE CE EE If inteiested sign in
aie on sale foi seventy five jcents All persons holding season tickets
Will use then ‘Watch On Rhine ticket foi this play
the
Chnsler Coiporation Chicago 111 —Inteiested in cngineeia Sign in Peisonncl Office by Wednesdaj De
cembej. 2
Sperry Pioducts Inc Hoboken KeM Jeisej-—Inteiested in EE ME Mith laihoad option Sign in Pci sonnel Office bv Saturday Dtcein
bei 5
The Rex Co Builington Iom i— Inteiested in chemists bictciiolo gists Sign 111 Peisonnel Office bj
Satuiday Deeembei 5
AVar Dept The Engineei Boaid
made up of leaders and piofessional Poi Belvoii Virginia—Inteiested in Morkeis in this field will hold then Apiil and Deeembei Science oi En 'annual meeting this leai from gmeering giaduates Sign in Pei Tliuisdaj to Satuidaj of this week sonnel Office by Satin dai Dccem
in Toledo Ohio The mam pioblems bei 5
to be discussed at this meeting deal Radiation Laboratory Mil
6 BO p m 8 50 p m 1050 p m 12 50 a m 2 50 a in 4 50 a in Yankee TiailMajs noithbound loute 4o to Valpaiaiso iiid Chicago Lease Laf lyettc 2 00 a m 10 00 a
m 4 0 Op m 7 30 p m
Yankee liailMays southbound
Dodge Chicago Plant^Divisioiwif joiite 52 to Indianapolis 5 Oa m
1 44 p m 5 14 p m 11 69 p m
Indiana Motoi bus to Loganspoit
This gfoiip IS being fosteied by Ml Gilbert D Williams of WBAA and pioduces radio cliamas foi pub lie perfOimances and latei may ap
pear weekly on the an lanes
The entile piodnctioii is undci the duection of mcmbeis of the campus lehgious foundations but speaking and sound paits aie open to anyone Thc SCI ipts di amatize vai lous pain
otic and nioiale building events University Students Injured In Auto Crash
Thiee students were taken to the St Elizabeth hospital for minor injuries suffered in an automobile collision it louitcenth irtd Salem Streets at 9 p m Thursday riicy were John A Stoune 19 oi 359 Vine Stiei^t Charles D Frazee 18 of 116 West Wood Sticet and David W Collette 20 ot 359 Vine Stiect
economic planning
Notices
N'lvy V 7 o ois ai rt beniors who ftt*e nssembhrt, pipers supporting theit rtquest foi enlistment in V 7 wh are under 21 >oar of age must s ibmit thiee copits of Idicnt consent pr ptily notarized Copts f Ih b form (Navy 400) may bo obtn ntd at my office —KNAPP
POMM Imi ortant meeting Wednesday
December at 4 i m in the Armory A
talk will be given on advice and guidanct ^ youne effeers All momberb will read Vi"',;-Thi^incrud€7 all the'^Tial sr t£. k' srn.:rir.7s;s;3?5.vs»s
1st in making awards at the Tuesday And rhur day Corps Days Decetrtbei 1 and lespcctively —JACKSON Scriveners Moelu u tonight ut 7 p m b fort c n\o i room 263 of the Union 1 loise tdmt and bring manubcnpts
-DRAY
rta kappa Nu Pledge meeting Tucstluy Deeembei la 30 p m in room 300 of the Union Active are expected to attend
MOORL
AU Agriculturist Wdrkers Get Apphea Uons fob new positions In thO office ahd buve
. ^ AllTo-SheTi^Yrrcad if''™' Th.^^nTm^
bus.nL and crcnlation ‘ liters that aic graduatmu .
... recomhiendations immediately
—DIESS^jIN
Dolphin Members Plcdsc turn ih tickets by Wednesday at 4 p m —KRUECK
Enlisted and Commissioned Rdserves All t I t wh loll riserve commi sions oi
n mb r f th
N V C ast Cfi r 1
7>ua\es R igh init iti i will bo hell 1 1111> Dec mber 4 at i m in th Arm 01 y —JACKSON Undergraduate Dames Club W 11 hav
nl sled loscrve ib the piily at thc h m f Mrs Frail Dul c ef r 1 Minnc Coips are 1 M rlin street tonight at
I 1 t call t my otTie n tie Fx cu KORTL
Build 1 g it thtu c nvenient b fore
V mb 1 21 t lily information nc d 1 Chrintian Science The r gulir i to M 1 t t 1 ds rho e ini letc lint will 11 h 1 1 i il in r ni 304 V I 1 V 1 i SI 1 1 1 o irds on No\em! er Union 7 ) i m T u s h > Dec
13
11 18 :
oL r p rt
—W A KNAPI
Vocational leaders In V^ar Industries To Meet At Toledo, 0. Airier icdir Vocationdl Association
South Bond and Fort W lyne Le rvc all of AVest Latiycttc Stoime mts Lafayette 7 15 a m 12 15 p m the driver ot thc car which figured o 00 p 111 5 45 p m in i col'ision Mith oni driven by Indian i Motoi bus to Valpaiaiso Will iid Iloinbeck There were othei and Michigan City 11 0 p m studonis in Stounc s car slightly in Indian i Motor bus to Tenc iiucd in the collision Thc damage Haute 8 15 a m 11 45 i m 6 30 to each ot the cusm is iiound '(ilOO
]) 111
Indiin i 8 26 a m Monon Louisville
i imcra Club Iij rtint nettlig Ih rs 1 > D e 3 \ \ ction ol oiTieer Ho m 404 t 0 1 m —rRUEBLOOD All Students Si 1 ni I tors are now alll f na> Tjr-l Rates \t (0 nt 1 r T Api 1> L S ate Offic U ion fr m 1 to 30 i m —BREWER Alpha Phi OmiJga Ai th intcrestint, m ting n i i sday December 1 in r om 01 of th Ui o at 0 (loi Ion I* i din \v 11 bi ei 1 n I 1 \ c loi d film on Mil n bot B i n bb Lctii u aftorwaids GOSSWFIN
&OMMLR
Pi Iiu bigma Act!>CHand Pledges Infor m 1 in t atioi FI ur di D c^mb i 4 t 30 ) m 11 ro m lt)8 }f Ih ME B ullii Act VC please ittend —DEI6DR
Classified
Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office 407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding MocrUnes all makes 11T- sold rented repaired and punchaaed Mime* ' h ograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main,
I^fayctte Phone 2770
Lo t—Alpl a Xi Delta pin 1 hone Dorothy
Nicjl 4063 Reward
I r Sale—Atom Ohlson I^hantom model airplane cni,incs Call 3301 Nussmeier
Pi Tau bigma Pledges Final i lL*tke meet
g Ih r 1 y Dee mber 4 at
the ML B iildii g
Glider Club c mber 4 at
Wanted—Students to work part time Ap 30 a n -it pli Uni n CafcteriH
DLISBR Lost on November 24—Key chain with mk
kevs between Union and Civil Bldg Call Mcclmk rhur di y i g) t D j5 04 Reward
uO in roon 30 of th U on BAIL lost—Brown billfold Name cn#„raved a
n idt Reward BaibiraHcide Phone 747 L
Cheerleaders Irictice ii the I leidl oust
vei> ift 1100 th s we k Be th re Lost—Green Parker pen with name Mar*
SCHWAB vin Bernaid on it Rev^ard Call 66774
particularly with vocational educa
tion and the Mar effort
Federal state and national lead CIS of groups engaged in wai ac tivities Mill attend to give the dele gates guidance in then particular pioblenis The place taken by voca tional education in the U S Ainiy piogiani of pie induction training Mill bc outlined and members of the committee of High School Victory Corps Mill suggest ijajs for the co operation of vocational education in
that organization
Family Life Education Pio„iam of M Inch Toledo s is one of thc foul
Cambiidge Massachusetts — Intci ested m Physicists and EE Sign in Personnel Office bj Satuiday Dc
cembei 5
Bausch h Lomb Optical Co Ro Chester Nev York—Interested nr Deeembei and April ME chcniistij or physicists Sign nr Personnel Oi fice bi Wednesdai December 9 Placement Notes
For Women
Signal Corps General Ueielop
inenl I aboratorj Installation Divi
conducted Detroit Midi—Have positions
foi Momcii giaduiting in December Cl in April V oik includes positions lor nispoctoi s field lepicscntatives laboiatoij cxpciimcntal and dc\el opment Moil eis liaison icpiescnti tivcs expenment il radio intcilci
ence siippiession issistants Scnioi Momen inteiested in nr \k
ing ipphc ition should c ill it thc PI iccment Service foi Women L\ ccLitivc Building (2955) lor fui thei intoimation It i sufficient numbci ol ipphcations aic received r per sound lepicsentrtire Mill Msit thc
c uiipus lor interviews
RC V M ill be on campus 1 hui sd iv Deeembei 3 to inteivieM senior Momcn—December and April—mIio
Motoi bus to Muncic 12 35 p in 4 05 p m R R southbound to 12 10 a in 11 30 a m Monon R R southbound to Chi cago 3 jO a m 2 45 p m Wabash R R to Detioit 3 06
p in 12 25 a m
Wabash R R to St Louis 12 57
p 111 1 45 a nr
Big Eoui R R to Chicago r m 2 40 p m 5 42 p pr
i m o 40 a m
Big Four R R to Indianapoli Cincinnati 11 20 a m 12 62 p m 4 20 p 111 12 20 a m 2 40 a m
Coed Test
(Continued from page 1) will speak on What Type ot Woik Should College Women Piepaie lo Do Mimeogi rphed mateiial will bc given thc coeds on thc sticanr lined courses in mathematics phys ics and chcmistiy offcied by thc
Univoisitj
The convocation is to bc thc fiist in a senes for women students on the general subject ot College Women and the War The um ol senes is to emphasize thc fret th vt
Mai e eonneetions for Cleveland college Momcn should plan then in
11 o8
1 55
and east
J. J. Davis
expel iniental piogiams
bj the United Stdtes Office of Edu cation M ill be one of the mam lea
tuicb at the meeting
Seveial members tioirr the Um reisitv staff Mill attend Among them IS Assistant Dean of V omen
Miss MacFailand
Ag Senior Wins Essay Confesf; Receives Trip To School In Chicago C. W. Stall, a Rural Economics senior, recently won an essay contest spoil oied bj Swilt and Com
panj He is one of approximately h ne had training in accounting sti
tisties ind eiigineeiing Call Place ment Seiviee tor Women (2955) im medi itelj loi appointment Will in ter view loi woik in Indianapolis Lnited States Ciril Seiriee Corn mission rt Washington D C ui
herd of the Umveisity entomology department has just returned from New York where he attended meetings ot the Eastern branch of the American Association ol Economic Entomologists He also held a conicicnce with the Carbide and Carbon Corporation regarding insecticide research.
A group of graduate and undergraduate students has toimed a his toiical soeiotj it the Umveisitj of Wisconsin
dividual ino,„iams to equip them to fill a position at the end of any semestei in pase the eiisis becomes so acut that the n itional inteiest demands then services
You Say You Want Action! ^ O. K! Here’s your chance to help win the war— CONSERVE and INVEST Conserve on elolhes by having them Crown cleaned regularly. They will Iasi longer. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top ol ihe Hill — on the Corner
mid
thiit\ othei winners from Mestein agiieultuial colleges Ihese winneis liom carious col leges will be invited to a three dar niaikiting school to be held in Chi cago fiom Deeenibc) 6th thiough
the 9th At this school the w innei s noiinets openings lor lunioi ehem will Kccne \aluablt maileting ists at '1)2 000 i jeai uid chemie il tiaining and will be aftoided an ex ude at tl 800 a jeai to fill wai de eellent oppoi tunitc to studj nrai maiids loi teehnieallj tiained pei 1 eting problems both liom the sons Students must be seniois standpoint of the paekeis and ot the whose coiiises have included at least pidcucei'' While^in Chicago the thiiti (30) semestei hours of ehem students will hi the guests of the istij loi ihe position ol lunioi ehem Swift ( ompanr ist I oi ehemieal aide students must Stall IS tiom Brownstown In- have completed at least 24 iiouis ol diana and expects to graduate tiom eheiliistiy PUithei infoimation can thi Seliool of Agneultiiie in Dc lie obtained at the office of Plaei
imbei
Nathaniel Blaisdell, graduated from Brown University in 1883 recently was elected president of the Brown Club of Alta, California, for the forty-fourth year in succession.
ingnt Sell ice Itu \^ t men (2955) Buy War Bonds And Stamps
..duut CMiXR Because it is so irresistibly clever • Your initials, in golden metal shining brightly from the colourful case Your se lection, too, of smart slay put shades that you can refill immediately 1 25 plus 10% federal tax
\>t
DOWNSTAIRS GIFT SHOP
nniw
PUattBOOKMUfflYnlnitF
LEARN THE INSIDE STUFF! Who’s got it, and who ain’t!
BUY THE SEND I
EXPONENT T HOME!
TIlib paper has news that will interest the whole family! Your little sister would love il! Your Mother and Dad will know what’s what at Purdue — they really do enjoy hearing all ahoid everyone!
JhsL fijiruiiJUL £xpomnL
‘ii