/ , ^ '
©ftic Puriluc TExpcneiit
Published Daily by Students^! Ptudue Universi^
VOLUME XLym
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, FEBRUAEY 2. tm
immmm
FroshToKck Senatoris At Registration 11 To Be Chosen From 44 Nomdiiees To Represent Varloild Sehools Freshman candidates to the Student Senate wind up a quiet campaign this morning as their names are submitted to the freshmen voters at registration. Eleven Senators will be chosen from 44 nominees by students in the various schools represented. The names of the candidates will appear on the ballots, but due to a slip in photography, the nominees* pictures may not be available. Voting will continue until registration is completed, and the results should be available for Thursday’s Ebtpo nent. Take Office Immediately The successful candidates will take office immediately, and will retain their offices until the end of the second semester. Like the upperclassmen, they will be subject to re-election next fall. The first Senate meeting which the new Senators will officially attend has been tentatively set for February 9. Following is the list of candidates: Agriculture—E. A. Brewer, J. L. Hackleman, R. L. Hamilton, E. Nesius, D. Paarlberg, S. 6. Peterson, and G. E. Sears. ^gineering—^D. L. Brubeck, R. E. Buenting, D. Butterfield, S. W. Campbell, P. T. Cooper, J. A. Curtis, W. T. Cushing, J. !• Dean, D. R. Dickson, L. B. Diedier, M. E. Disney, W. B. Fenstermaker. H. F. Fischbum, H, Frazee, H. R. Gingher, W. A. Hart, J. M. Heeter, R. C. McNeH) C. B.- Metz, R. R. Mock, J. P. Sttith, R. C.,Stroup, J. Home Economics—Treva Berry, (Continued on page 2)
flerer ffopes 20 CanyHt$ Beauties mu Attract Men The privilege of dancing with 20 of the ranking campus beapties, is offered by Betty Ann Florer as a special inducement to candidates f^rthe men’s chorus in the Union Show. ^ “I want a good turnout of real men,” said Miss Florer. ’’Dancing with these chorines is going to be a man’s job. A survey of the girls’ chorus timber is a challenge to any man’s romantic inhibitions.” According to rumors reaching the Union Show headquarters, the campus has already begun to vibrate with the drumming of number 11 shoes in hall and corridor, as prospective Fred Astaires whip the light fantastic toe into trim for the Union Show. With the cream of the co-ed crop in the Union Show and a good share of the men following them. Union officials predicted a hard winter for the campus wallflowers.
February 2, 1937 B-B-R-R-R-l-N-N-N-G-G. There goes ^ that d—m alarm clock! Oh yeah ... redd^tyation today... Ho hum . . . more red tape . . . lohg waits in long lines ... longer railroad tickeia.,. Harvey Cline, doorman deluae . . . bine, yellow, and
white schedule cards ... six eight o’cloeks . . . d<med seeldons . . . perspiring students . . . scowling professors ... this business of going to college ... oh, me ... —30— N<^ that finals are over, some of the answers submitted by freshmen bear examining: (1) Dido means the same, as is usually represented by Di^ mmks; (2) A corps is a dead gentleman; a corpse is a dead lady; (3) Rural life is foimd amstly in the country; (4) Robert Louis Stevenson got married and went on his honeymono. It was then that he wrote ’’Travels With a Uealmy.”
AND say, all of you g^s and gals that want to be actors had better drop jurouad the Union this afternoon awl try out for a idaoe in the *’8apto--producti«B,” Castles In The Air” . . . all-student cast . . . all-atttdent directioa... all studnats eltyible .,. Are you a Robert Taylor or a Ginger Regmrs?
NLL Mann, law student at Tegas Univaraity, is sick of his own voice! He wagered his roommates that he could bettor the lAdmiw filibustering record of the lato Huey P. Long. Talking on astronmny, rgligion, eouBomics, his life’s histoxy, and many other subjects, Mann lasted 19 hours and Ifi ndnutes ...
a new reeardf
ACCORDING to Dem Hutchiasmi, of Palm Utdvandty radio waves Jdii pests , . . mm «f Gw most anmqring must be good ssriauaeto .,. they expose themscdvM to goc^, loud waves and not a dam GUrR
happena...
Henderson In Plane Crash Floyd Henderson, 23, of 234 West Lutz street. West Lafayette, is in the St. Elizabeth Hospital, suffering from cuts and bruises incurred when a plane he was flsidng pancaked near the southwest corner of the University airport. The plane, % combat-Morce Scout ship, owned by Leo J. Dionne of Kankakee, Illinois, was completely demolished. Unlicensed Pilot The accident occurred at 1 o’clock Sunday afternoon. Henderson was an unlicensed pilot with about 40 hours of solo to his credit. As he was preparing to land, the unlicensed plane fell off into a fiat spin at 300 feet and crashed. His condition was satisfactory yesterday and, barring complications, he will be released from the hospital in a few dasns. A department of Commerce Inspector absolved all airport officials of blame. Henderson is not a University student.
Co-ed Greeks To Give Dance Anunennflii Will Play P0i? SoTority Pledge Al* fair A free tea dance for sorority pledges will be given by the PanHellcnic Council Thursdi^ afternoon from 4 to 6:30 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Johnny Ammerman’s orchestra will play. Virginia Richards, in charge of the dance, urges fraternities to send their pledges, since it is to be a stag affair. The dance will be the first of its kind sponsored by the Council, and is motivated by a desire for better cooperation between the fraternities and sororities,. No one will be admitted without a pledge pin. *About 100 girls are expected to attend.
Dr. Hauge To Give Talk On Vitamins “Vitamins Of Agricultural Products” will be the subject of Dr. S. M. Hauge’s talk tomorrow night at the meeting of the Horticultural Club at 7 o’clock in the Horticultural Building.
Use Road Taxes For Our Highways Says Townsend *T firmly believe that all taxes levied for road purposes should be used solely for that purpose and not diverted to other funds,” said Governor M. Clifford Townsend in his address last Thursday before the annual banquet which provided one of the highlights of the twentythird annual Road School. Official registration at the school reached 765, as compared with last year’s total of 726. Low Raak Governor Townsend expressed a concerned over Indiana’s low rank' of thirty-third in the matter of highway safety among the states of the Union, and indicated that he hoped that the state woulet^i^ able to pioneer in double lane highways on the heaviest traveled roads as well as taking other means of reducing traffic toll in life and property. Separate round-table discussion sessions for state highway maintenance men, state highway construction men, and city engineers, and a joint session of all county road officials, brought the Road School to a close Pridsy morning.
Tryouts For Student Union Show “Castles In The Air,” Start At One This Afternoon In Tower Room
CsUaners Plan' inference lAnnnal 2-Day Session < To Begin Next Tuesday Factors relating to the production and canning of quality tomatoes Will provide the highpoint of toterest for the tenth annual Indicia Canners and Fieldmen Confer^ce which will open for a two-day tossion February 9. Specialists representing Michigan State Agri4idtural College, Ohio State Uni^rsity, and Purdue, as well as the leading commercial concerns have lleen scheduled to appear on the ^gram. , Speakers I Warren O’Hara, Hancock County agricultural agent, speaking at 1 ^clock on “Farmer, County Agri^tural Agent And Caimer Co-op-etotion,” will open the Tuesday :^eeting at which Prof. Frank Hock^ma, assistant to president Elliott, Roscoe Fraser, and J. E. Dickerson, ^tate-federal supervising inspector, will address the assembled canners ^n the varions aspects of the industry. 5 The Wednesday morning program commencing at 10 o’clock, will ^eal With the modern trends in tomato canning and the work on development of disease-resisting strains of tfie fruit. Afternoon Session The afternoon session will be givfm,over to the discussion and study ^ J^lant food requirements, and soil ^^^hty^^Pb^ems, The climaxing feature of the conference will be the annual dinner banquet at the concluding evening meeting, at which awards won by farmers for tomato growing in the past year will be presented.
Prof. J. H. Hilton, of the University dairy husbandry department, has returned with his family, from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis., wWe he spent last semester in graduate study.
‘ ‘Ofe Man River ’ ’ Unpopular In Louisville Says Heuser Former Exponent Editor, Aiding In Relief Work, Tells of Flood Horrors And Privations
Henry Heussar
(Former Exponent Editor)
Louisville, Jan. 28.—^“Ole Man River*" will be a very unpop-
ular song around Louisville for many months, and, although *‘He don*t say nothin,* *’ he has spelt disaster to approximate-
ly 200,000 Liouisvillians during the last Ove days. When the river rose last Sunday night to nine feet beyond the previous flood record of ' ■ _ . "' ' ■'
1884, the elecdric power station which is looBded at the river^s edge, was submerged and the entire city wiss plunged into darloiess. At the same time, it was necessary to ration the available water supply then in the reservoirs and) for the past five days there has been pressure during only two out of 24 hours. Darkness and heavy raU»s inuieded rescue w<u:k and Hb^etoly tocreased the danger, while at toe swMe Gxae gasoline punq^ refrigerators, stokers, bread mixers and every otoer form of modernized equipment was made useless. Radios, the one efficient means of communicoGon to Gmb hoge army of workers, were dead, and only temporary bottegr sets, old fashioned crystal sets, and car radios have been of any use for almost a week.
Panic Grips CHy
Panic gripped toe city Sunday as shidsidiig siMto 4m amtodv^ police cets combined vrith the radio's conttouous messages of daato
and suffering to put nerves on an edge. Every school building in the dry secGon of the city was opened to shelter the thousands imridng higher ground, while heats were being hastened to the water’s edge. Men were risking tbew lives pmrforming services thiit W'^11 never be recognized. Families were separated in the confusion. Many of them will
never be united again.
NcgnMLNiugecs
At the Juniitf Msh acboid where I am on duty, we have an ’’emrollment” of 1^81. negro refugees. Hastily gathered belongings were wrapp^ in blankets and formed pillows as the unfortunates sprawl on the floors for resGess sleep. They are of every descripGon. Aged and rheumatic blacks waddle Gnroui^ the halls for meals aiul gossip, as now-boms squall for wimt of -a change. There mre afew rules Giat are strieGy enforced: no satokfaig, assembly at 7:80, typhrid shots evtoy five days, no dismissals from
mi pagn d)
Potter Tells Of Improvements In Engineering In the January issue of the Purdue Alumnus which has just been mailed to subscribers, Dean Potter relates in his article, “Your Part In Enhancing Your Profession,” the work which is being done by the Eni^neers’ Council for Professional Development to improve the professional and social status of the calling. He explains the four points of the program, which call for selection, guidance, training and certification of the members of the profession. A report of the success achieved by University entries in the 1986 International Livestock ExposiGon comes from the pen of T. R. Johnston, director of the bureau of information. A summary of the first half of the basketball schedule'appears in the article entiGed “Ding Dong Basketball,” Written by Robert C. Woodnrorth, athletic prtolidty di-
rector.
R. C. E. Weber, C. ’07, Superintendent, Bureau of ReclamaGon, Yumh, Arizona, tells the story of ’’The Yuma IrrigaGon ProjeeP’ in an filiistrated article which presents toe facts about that project as seen by a person intimately acquainted
with it.
WBAA Policy Undecided Harding Talks WiRi OI< fidals Otker Stations WBAA’s future policy in regard to power and schedule has not yet been determined. Dr. C. Francis Harding, dean of the school of deetrical engineering, has just returned from Washington, D. C., where he has been conferring with officials of two other staGons wtoito iqperate on the same frequency as WBAA. PowMT Increase The two other staGons, one of which is in West Virginia and the other in Iowa, have petiGoned to be Idlowed to raise their power to one kilowatt. This increase would interfere wito WBAA’s recepGon, and consequently WBAA wisbea to raise power also. Nptbing was deftnitriy decided during Dr. Harding's trip.
Games, Contests In Penny Arcade Pennies will be the medium of exchange at the Penny Arcade sponsored by the Freshman Commission at toe West Side M. El Churto tomorrow night at 8 o'clock. The money, ty be part of the Missionary Fmd, is to pay Gie tuition of a Ix^ at si^hool in India. Germsu Band Gfened by *HLitGo Giwimm Band” Gw arcade wUl feature Ungo, pingpong, eawty mailing, eoideate. and a short farqtt. Hot dogs, candy, ice cream and hauiburgen wfil answer the demands for food.
Students To Select Cast And Direct Production Bud Bryant, Ruth Grimm, And Betty Ann Fiorar Will Judge Ttdent; Jim Shoemaker In Charge Tryouts will be held from 1 to 5:30 this afternoon for leads, choruses, and supporting roles in the Student Union production "Castles In The Air,” which is billed for March 13 at the Mars Theater. Candidates are to report at the tower room of the Union Building, where they will be put through a routine of singing, dancing, and drama-
tics.
James Shoemaker, president of the Union, expects a turnout of about 150 students, from whom 80 or 90 will be selected to reappear at 1 p. m. tomorrow in the second Gyout. Names of the successful candidates will appear in tomorrow’s Ehcpmient. Girls' and boys’ choruses of about 20 members each will be chosen from this sriect group, and leading roles will be assigned af tern Giird tryout on ’Thurs-
day.
Under Student Direction The Union Production will be entirely under student direcGon. Ruth Grimm will select candidates on the the basis of their dramatic ability Betty Ann Florer will have charge of dancing, and Bud Biyant is to make the vocal selections. Students trying out for the show are to be divided into groups and will rotate until they have appeared before the three judges. Candidates will be graded individually in each division. About an hour will be required for a student to complete thetoyout, and candidates are requested to appear at the tower room as early in the afternoon as their registraGon schedules will permit. Girls are expected to appear in shorts. Facilities for changing clothes will be provided at the Union Building. “Castles In The Air” provides an opportunity for the expression of artistic talent, both as drama and as a song and dance production. A college escapade is the show’s vehicle for comedy, pathos, and catchy (Continued on page 4)
R^istration Starts At S in Armory Today First Semester Sehednle Cards Are Necessary For Admission RegistraGon for the seomd semester will start at 8 e'cloto Giia morning in the Armory, and ciwk tinue until 4 o’clock Wednesday afternoon. Students will be affiaixGed to the Armory through toe west door by showing schedule cards for the first semestmr wdess they have been officially dropped tomn the University. Students who are untole to pay their fees at registraGon must have a slip authorizing fee deferment These slips are available sd Fow-
ler HaU.
Students will be admitted te resistratHm in accordance with the foUowins schedule: L Diatioguished students of June. 1936. have the pnvileKe of regiaterins Unesday. FdHTuary -C, at & UU -m: atb-imiar- othv time during tile reg&tratkm iwriad. n. Undergraduate and special students who have no nntemoved C. D. I. or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their
surnames, as follows:
Taes.,F«l>.2. 8:30. 9dN>A.M. Tuea., Fitii. 2, 9:00- 9:30 A. M. Taes.,Ftii.2. 9:30-10:00 A. M. TUes., Feb. 2.10:00-10:30 A. SL Tues., F«b. 2.10:30-11:0e A. H. Tues., Feb. 2.11 diO-11:30 A. K. Tues., Feb. 2.11:30-12:00 A. H. Tuee.. Ptik 2. 1:09- t :30 P. X. !i:ues.. Feb. 2. 1:80- 2:00 P. M. Tuea..Fdi.2. 2dl0-2:30P.1I-Tues.,Feb. 2, 2:30- 3:60 P.BL Tues., FdK 2, 8 d)0|. 8:80 P. X. Taes.,Fti>.2. 3:30-4:00P.X.
HL Undergraduate and special studenta who have unremoved C, ]>, I, or F ersdea on record but are not on probatiott, register according to the first letters of their
surnames, as follows:
W-Z St.-V
Sa-Sa Pat-B
Mo-Pas
Id-Mis K-Les Has-J 0-Har
De-P
Ch-Das Ben-Ce A-B^
Ti-Z
Sh-Th Xo-Sg U-Xi
J-Lh
Sm-G Clo-El Ble-GU A-Bla
IV.
OM
Tnes..B^.2. 4d>0. 4*49P.X. Tues.,Feb.2. 4:30-6:60P.X. Wmb.Ftii.3. 8d)9. 8:30A-X. Wed..FA.8, 8:36- 9:00 A.X. Wed., Feb. 3. OdW-9:S0A.X. Wed..Feb.S. 9:30-10:00A-X. Wed., Feb. 8.10:00-10:30 A. X. Wed.. Fti». 8. tO:S0.11d)0 XW^, Feb. 3.11:00-11:30 A. X. W^, Feb. 8. It :8»49:00 A. Xstudents ms peobation regtatep
aocording to the first letters of tindr anr-'
names, as fellows:
S-Z Wed..Fti>.S. 1M> ItSOP.X.
Wed.. Feb. 3. l:30.t^P-ll.
F-K Wed..Db.8. 840.S:SDP,X. A-E Wed.,FSwS. 2:30-3d>0P.X. V. Graduate atodente rssiatar aeewdtas! to the first lettm of th^ aamasMS, as
follows:
Tnca.,Feb.S. 8:00-9dMA.M.
9:00-10:00A.X.
Toes.. Ftik.2.10:0»41d» A. X. Tuee.. «. U^9l4t:M ^ X. Taea.l^A.2, 1:00-SdXP.X.
W-Z Sn-V
P'-Bn
ilS
Mi
XA<Xh J-Ua
»4
EkG Coo-D BHSoa A-Be
1>aaa,Feb«A. t:9|. OHAP.II. TiMa..Feb.8. 8:00. OdIOP.K Tnea.,FbAI^ 0:00-SXOF.X. Wed..F».3. 8:00-9dIOA.X. Wed.. FA-A 9A0-19A0A.X. Wed.. Feb.l.lO:OO.Il AO A. X. Wed.. Fto. A it A0.XI A9 A. X.
Pirof. liAnraMt Chreem b«Mtd «f Gm borGculture deparirntmt, mid Bnif. P. C. Gaylord, bis assistant have mk tttvned from GIdeafia, whoce Gmy i^teadad a laaaGwg of the Natomal Cmmers’ AssoeiaGon. argmoizaGon has ooapwated an namsKans rasoarch prajoeto wito Gto Univmcw sity harGeultnre d^imctmsito
Subscription Blank
te
turtle Dttrbue CxpmxM II Pioasa otttor my »a)totoi>Go<t toe ISn ffixtoto Itypsannl, tor tot 11 II xamaindar of Gw zehoal fear. Eneloaid find tooto, catoe or xtonsy \ j| order fori.....——..... (|t.9lbQr toritor: IRIlbarxwttol
1 (
u Naina ...
11
11^ Atom
i E
* Read the PnrdimEa^iMiiiiilltokMf 191
Gtoi mtonnd mail to'Dto Fmdito BnpMinls 118 N. ito
MtoMtoABMik>’i4: 'f
'VkiY» YTIti'
'fi
TH]E PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, Februat'y 2,1987
[ifi
Registration Haze
This bit of ‘Tatherly” advice may reach a good many harried students a bit too late if they are already caught in the hustle-bustle of registration. Engineering students have, in previous years, regarded non-technical options, especially in English and kindred su^ jects, with scornful distaste. The folly of this view has been pointed out repeatedly by numerous successful practicing engineers. If you are an engineer and have contemplated scheduling a technical course in place of a non-technical option, heed fhe fervent words of a contemporary who graduated last June. „ , ‘T wish now I had taken more English courses while I was here,” he told his fraternity brothers. “I’m embarrassed when I attempt to write a business letter. When I associate with my business companions after hours, I’m a drag on conversation. The only thing about which I can talk authoritatively is engineering, and my associates don’t want to talk about that, at least not after working hours. I’ll admit I’m lost. Why, I can’t even play bridge without trumping my partner’s ace!” To this you will probably retort, “Fm not interested in social life after graduation, all I want to do is get ahead in engineering. To do that I need as much inf ormation about engineering as possible.” This is quite true but much care and consideration has been given to the preparation of the required courses of study in the engineering schools. If you complete the required course satisfactorily, you have the necessary technical knowledge for success in engineering. You have obtained a firm foundation. If you can pick up along the way a knowledge of the social, economic, and cultural aspects of our twentieth century civilization, through wise selection of non-technical options, you will have a firmer grasp on the ladder to success. Don’t pass up a chance to take a cultural option because you dislike the course or believe it to be of no value. Bear in mind that no course is admitted to the University curriculum unless the practicability of the course has been demonstrated; English is practicable, economics is practicable, sociology, government and many other similar courses are practicable. If you planned a schedule which failed to go through because of closed sections, take a glance through the schedule book and see what non-technical options are offered. The possibilities might surprise you.—A. H. F.
Registration Hints
The successful registration of more than five thousand stadents is a tremendous job, and will involve confusion and trouble for a certain number of students and faculty even under the best conditions, but there are a few details in the conduct of the project which, if considered thoughtfully, and improved, will result in the reduction of the number of dissatisfied and disgruntled persons when registration is completed. In general there are two avenues of possible advancement, the creation of a better attitude on the part of the faculty, and the improved preparation and observance of registration rules on the part of the students. Preparation is the main factor which will help to speed the process. That includes the readiness of many kinds of information; a tentative program or schedule of subjects for the new semester will be of aid to the student; new addresses, telephone numbers, adequate means of fee-payment are essential. Their absence means wasted time. Second to preparation in importance is a standard of attitude and conduct requisite to convenience of registration. At former sessions the table where class cards are procured has always been the center of a stampede that is one of the most unpleasant and time-wast-
I^urbue exponent
Fawide4 in 18U
1086 Member 1087 ASSOCIATED COLLECIATE PRESS
Distributom of
COLLEGIATE DIGEST MEPlieeBNTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc
College PmbUskers Representative
A20 Madison Ave. New York. n. Y. CHicAao • SosTON • Ban Francisco Lob ANGELES • Portland . Seattle
SB second cIbm msUer at the poet office. Lafayette. In. StaBto. tar aoail. $8.60 per year ideliveied by earner, $2.80' per year; sedd by single eopy. 2 cents.
UAJN OFEICSl-412 NorOi Fifth Street ISnsinees Phone 6^Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue Umversity
Sditcnvia.Cbief..
EDITORIAL STAFF
..yr. T. Hunt
.tfanagiag Editor. B. H. Morris i(lsMSlsta Editoia— K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brodc, A. H. Forster,
B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sephonora Aaalatanis.~...« .W. VL Anthony, D. A. Bailey. , JT. A. Chapb^ J. B. dark. L. S. Hardin, . G. D, Sebraeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E.H. EeUogg. K. E. O’Neil.
woaoDrs staff
BdHcrs
. Helen Creech
4Uhr«rtising Manager..
. ...Jeanhe Janousdc, Doris McCartney,
Elieabeth Pyke
...„Betty Barnett
BUSINESS STAFF Manager. Advartbing Manager.. A4««rtising Manager. »»
..B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown C. MlHer J. P. (Hrard
■rOBn STAFF
jKwSpM Enters—G^S^hsfiTFJ^^in
iwM t CitanliaeiL
ing points in the whole system. There are persons who regard the whole process as a circus and are able to cause annoyance for the rest of the student body, who know that a semester’s work is being contracted for. Although the members of the faculty v^o assist at registration will come in contact with many students with whom they have no acquaintance, their work as advisors should be as personal and individualized as possible, for though a professor may not again encounter a student to whom he has given advice, he must remember that he is helping to chart a half-year’s work and expense for many students. The success of the entire job depends on the individual successes. A little care on the part of all concerned will leave everyone more pleased with the results.—J. A. C.
Readers’ Opmions
The Exfantnt welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Conservation Or Floods?
To the Editor:
This most horrible of American flood disasters should, if nothing else, bring home to us that it is time for us to do something. We have been too selfish and too individualistic. Our country has been the “land of the free and the home of the brave,” and we have prided ourselves upon it. We have announced to the world that ours is the land of golden opportunity, and—our gates have been flung wideopen, allowing anyone, who desired, to come and partake of it. We have explmted our resources and have wasted away whatever we pleased to our hearts’ content. We have done all this for a mere pocket-full of gold and then bragged about it. Since pioneer times, we have used our natural resources without the slightest regard for future generations. Now, we are beginning to suffer the consequences, not only for the sins of our fathers but for our own as well. The flood is a costly and ghastly example. Trees have been cut from the mountains, from the hills, and from the valleys. Now, we have nothing to hold back excess water, which used to be done by trees and vegetation. Nothing now holds back the water so it will flow gradually down to the Gulf. Until recently, no thought has been directed toward conservation of our timber, but, little good it will do to plant trees that will require a hundred years to reach matturity, if, at the same time, we are cutting down several times as many as we plant. Might not it be well for all wooded sections that are necessary for soil conservation and flood control to be declared immune from further exploitation ? Indeed, if such a move were taken, all trees would probably be set aside as immune from the axe. Would it not be cheaper for us, money-minded as we are, to forego the use of timber for a few years than to have millions of people suffering annually from floods and millions of farmers striving desperately to eke out an existence from bare, destitute hillsides that were once fertile. Something must be done!—C. E. Goode.
School Activities
To the Editor: The energetic student is confronted with many problems during his college life. Not the least of these is the question of student activities. College is primarily a place for study and preparation, but it is generally recognized that some training such as is received by participation in student activities is an invaluable part of a well-rounded college education. In a large technical institution such as Purdue, individuals are found who possess almost any talent required in any line of activity. There are a correspondingly large number of activities to make use of the many and varied talents. Some students enter too many activities, and as a consequence there are many of the student organizations of the campus which are inefficiently managed. School work is often neglected by those students. Some system which will prevent such occurrences must undoubtedly be devised in the near future. The problem of the students is to discover a few activities for which his talent particularly fits him, and enter them with proper zeal and enthusiasm. A small number of responsibilities well handled will mean more to the participant and the school than the assumption of a larger number than the student is able to handle. Every student should participate in some worthy school activity, but the wise student will not overload. —Ij. 0. Buxton.
An ideal college would be one in which all the students and most Of the faculty wete fired.—^Prof. Copeland, biology, Bowdoin College, Maine.
The prodigal man is the only type a co>ed will date ...
JOHNNY VAN NATTA has declared himself “CAMPUS BIGSHOT” ... he believes that the semi-circular drive at the east entrance to the Union was placed there for his personal use ... at least his car is frequently parked there so no one else can use said drive . . .
Union Show try-outs start this afternoon and yours truly will be in the front row when they start picking for the Pony Chorus, etc...
MARIANNE CUMMINGS: “Why didn’t you find out who that good looking bimbo was when PROFESSOR PHILLIPS called the roll?” LOUISE SMITH: “I did try to, but he answered for four different
REVIEW OF PAST SEMESTER— Belt Football Player—CECIL ISBEL . . . REISNER’S man Friday. Best Game—Indiana—a lulu even though it was a tie . .. Best Convo—Lawrence Tibbett, after he got off his high-horse . . . Most Outstanding Frosh—LOUISE SCHICKLER and JOHNNY FRANKS—sweetness for one and ego for the other . . . All-around Man—GLENN MARTIN—^what a culnel . . . All Around She-Man—All co-eds. Best Dance—Union-Cabaret Formal—^yes, better than Military Ball. Best Drink—Bunny Hug — puts you out like a light . . .
Most Needed—Beer in the Sweet Shop and cocktails in the Grill . . . Most Pleasant Surprise—Unexpected P, B, A, or H . . . Biggest Pain—Returning library books . . . Most Popular—^The BLAZER . . . Gaudiest-^OE QUINLAN —he is still wearing those shirts ... Nerviest—The pretty little boy that sat in the front row of the coed section . , . Biggest Sucks—Dave DOOLEY, DICK PETTICREW, and DAVE BROWN tie for male honors with
Denier’s Flower Shop
Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
SODDEN Service
P I
i
RINTING OfficR Slaikaiitfy • Wcddlns tnviUlUnt
FHONE " **'•* *“**‘*' ’ 6 2 8 CASSEL’S muitRKkP
iyPvfuuyi I WWHn
NOW PLAYING
^ cty f
\oveA
'0 A •*‘’dui5i«
"Uu.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. • 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. > 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
1 Ahn MARCH OF TIME
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“I gave in when you wanted a quiet wedding—^now I want my kind of divorce!”
MARY WIEN slightly edging out JEAN SMALL . . .
Best Looking Legs—SALLY McDERMID—boy, they’re beauts . . . Sports Queens—MARY BECO and JEANNETTE SCUDDER . . . Best Column—^I wouldn’t know?
Two Delt pins and one Delt pledge pm were all that JANE ANDERSON could accumulate in one night . . . GILLILAN and a couple of PECKS were the suckers this time . . . she is slipping—only three in one evening , . .
4 MARS PASSES
The award for this week will be four MARS PASSES, give me your best ideas for a contest to be run in this here column ... all ideas will have to be turned in before 4 p. m. Friday afternoon . . .
Frosh Senators (Continued from page 1)
Ruth Ezra, Dorothy Johnson, and Frances Raebig. Pharmacy—R. F. Gerding, F. D. Henderson, A. Mickewich, land J. L. Simmons. Science—Ruth Hall, Mary Ed Johnston, Joe Martin, and Joe Quinlan. The school of physical education did not nominate any candidates.■Pfi
^ 'I
T' , ^ “5 4 " ' i ■Jf’^ k yqeadjfty, February 2» 1987
^ rJJ'
W ^ o’" ?f“«
THE PUEDHE EXPONENT
Purdue Net Squad Meets Notre Dame Tomorrow
Boilermakers To Try To Get Back In Winning Column; Season*s Last NomConference Tilt After its short rest from the hardwood during finals, Purdue's Boilermaker net squad has^ returned to the basketball court in an effort to polish up its game in time to give plenty of opposition to the Notre Dame squad in the game between these two Indiana teams tomorrow night at South Bend. -The Boilermakers, victims
of a last half rally by the Illini in their last game, will meet the stiffest kind of resistance from the rangy Notre Dame quintet in attempting to clamber back on the victory wagon before they plunge back into the midst of the Big Ten title chase against Minnesota at Minneapolis on Monday night, February 13. No Favorite Although Purdue has compiled a neat edge in the all-time series with the Irish, and chalked up a 64 to 40 victory last year, there will be little to choose between the two quintets in the coming renewal of the hard fought series. Notre Dame, following a shaky start, has made an impressive showing in recent battles, and with its superior height will provide a real problem for the Purdue attack, which depends almost solely on speed. Shifting Lineup In an effort to bounce back from the Illinois game setback. Coach Ward Lambert is expected to stick to the same shifting lineup that has placed Purdue well up in first division of the Big Ten race with four victories against a lone loss. Jewell Young, who has been averaging 16 points per game in pacing the Big Ten scorers, will be paired at forward with either Gehe Anderson or Johnny Sines; while Co-cap-tain Jim Seward, center; Pat Malaska, floor guard, and Co-Captain Glen Downey, acclaimed as the most dependable defensive man in the league, are expected to remain as permanent fixtures.
Co-ed Recreational Activities To Begin
Co-educational recreation activi' ties, under the sponsorship of the University Sportswomen, will be' gin this Friday and will continue through each Friday of the new term. An opportunity is offered to play ping-pong, deck tennis, bad minton, shuffleboard, and volleyball from 7:30 ,to 9:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. Co-eds may invite their dates to take part in the re creation.
Cost Figures For Concrete Research House Released
Labor received $1,886 and $2,891 was spent for materials used in the construction of the $6,000 concrete house on the Housing Research Campus of the University, according to cost figures recently released by the Hpusing Research department. The balance ol the cost, $220, represented contractor’s profit and overhead. The entire house was built of reinforced concrete. A gravity warm air heating system was installed at accost of $290. Plumbing amounted to $366 and electrical work $206. In design the house is a modem flat roof structure of two stories and a basement. A combination liv-ing-dining room, kitchen and builtin garage are include in the first story, three bedrooms and a bath in the second story.
G.O.Bell, ^36 Grid Captain Wins Gold Football Award
George Bell, captain and center of last season’s Boilermaker grid squad, was awarded the Balfour football award yesterday, a diamond studded gold football watch charm. The Balfour award is made annually to the captain of the victorious eleven in the Purdue-Indi-ana gridiron series, which this year ended in a spectacular 20 to 20 tie. In view of the tie, the captains of both elevens were presented with similar awards. Bell, who was named on innumerable All-Conferen,ce selectiolp at the close of last season, has/speed that belied his bulk, and in addition to being an unusually steady passer was the “fifth man” in the Boilermakers’ aerial defense as well as being the spearhead of the defense on running plays. He will complete his undergraduate course of study at Purdue this June, and although he has had innumerable offers as a professional football player, he has yet to make a definite decision as to his future vocation.
Women’s Club Design Class "V^ill Reorganize
Members of the Purdue Women’s Club who wish to continue the work begun last year in the design class of the art section, will have an organization meeting today at 2:30 in room F of the Memorial Union Building. Only those who have had the work of the 1936-1936 group or its equivalent, are eligible for membership in this class.
Music Group Program
Members of the Symphony Group will hear two ssnnphonys at their regular meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Beethoven’s symphony number 7 and Schubert’s unfinished sjonphony will be presented. The music clubs in cooperation with the student union are sponsoring the program.
“DEAC”
Wfll Pay 40% Cash for SECOND HAND BOOKS
All Pursue Text Books and All Supplies Used at Purdue For Sale
H. c. REisHER’s Rook store
“DEAC”
if 4
Notre Dame Fencing Squad Beats Purdue
Boilermaker Fencers To Meet Washington And Ohio S. This Week-end
Defeated by Notre Dame at South Bend Saturday, 11 to 6, Purdue’s fencing squad launched preparations this afternoon for a heavy week-end schedule that will bring Washington University of St. Louis Mo., here Friday night for a home engagement and send the Boilermakers to Columbus, O., Saturday for a dual meet with Ohio State. Inability to count in the foils and saber cost Purdue heavily in the Notre Dame meet, the Irish winning the foils, 8-1, and the saber, 3-1. Purdue, however, came back to take a clean sweep of the epee, 4-0, to prevent the meet from being an utter rout. Fail To Win In the foils, Reynolds and Huffman failed to register a win, while MiiWilliams won one bout and lost two in his three engagements. Lacey scored the lone point for the Boilermakers in the saber, Zweig, Stepath, and Seaborg all going to defeat. In the epee Mathews chalked up two victories for the Boilermakers, and Meier and Levin each registered one. Scores To Date Purdue, 7j4; U. of Cincinnati, 9J4. Purdue, 6; Illinois, 12. Purdue, 6; Notre Dame, 11. Remaining Schedule Feb. 6—^Washington (St. Louis) at Purdue. Feb. 6—^Purdue at Ohio State.
Golden Gloves In Third Round Tonight At Armory Five Ex-Ciiantps Contend For Lightweight Honors
The Lafayette Armory will be the scene of the third round of the Golden Gloves Tournament tonight at 7:30. The first two nights furnished plenty of excitement for the fans, but the boys still in the running are preparing for some stiff competition as they near the finals. The lightweight class will probably furnish the best bouts since there are five ex-champs~ still in the running for that crown. Wilson, Douglas, Baker, Gruver, and Burks are the main contenders for the 136 pound crown. Carl Hamilton, Mel Klopfenstein, and Dorman Morrison are the University entrants and they should make it hot for the rest of the boys in the lightweight class. Ringside ducats are on sale at $1 each, while general admission tickets will cost 60 cents.
Feb. 13—Rantoul Air Corps at Pmdue. Feb. 20—Northwestern at Purdue Feb. 26—Notre Dame at Purdue. March 6—^Purdue vs. Wisconsin at Chicago. March 6—^Purdue at Chicago. March 13—^Big Ten Meet at Chicago.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
St. Lotif#S^udi'>'* Squad Defats Purdue III Finals
Team Kmmer-IJp la Wealem Racquet Tourney Furdue’s tiiree-man team ckf John Lncek, Frosty Fields, and Maury Wakefield niade a good ihowing in the^ Western Squash Racquets championships at St. Louis, Mo. The team was defeated Ity the St. Louis Racquet dub, 2 to 1, in the championship round. Lncek was the lone victor. The team then entered into competition with the losers of the championship round and captured the championship in tins round by blanking Milwaukee, 3-0. Singles In the singles, A. W. Sokidowsld, Purdue’s lone entrant defeated Phillip Pillsbnry, of Minneapolis, but lost to Parker, of Chicago, in a second round match. Purdue will meet Illinois at Illinois Saturday.
Lehigh University chemistry students break more than 14,000 test tubes every year.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is an we do, but wedoit wdl WaUace Blodi 322 Ferry St.
Opposite Post Office
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Taihir Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
tl % l*."
START THIS NEW SEMESTER
in Correct Style Wear what the rest of the fellows are wearing
- PANTS
$198 ill ill
lIHlil FANIS
1 or
^2^® ill H
n| CORDS
$348 jH III $398 hII^k
11 ™ 11S STRIPES jUlr CHECKS or PLAIDS
Pleated—Slide-Rule Pockets—Slacks
Reliable Clothing Store
‘THE FIRST CLOTHING STORE ACROSS THE LEVEE”
I
MID-WINTER CLEARANCE SALE
Men’s Plaid Mackinaw Coats, All Wool—$7.50-$8.9S Grades
SPECIAL
$5.95
Suede Jackets, values to $6.95; Knit Collars ILea Ctdlars
SPECIAL
,1*
Sweaters—Slipover S^le--Specia!:: Other Sweaters-—Valdes to $2.95—Now
Young: Men’s Sladks in New Plaids—Values to $5,567- \ ^ ’ Now ,:.,.,.$3J5
OEWENTEll^gbi
416 Maiii Street '
tiAiaaa*.iaiai.aaAaaaaaaA^aaaaAaiaaaiaaiiaaaaiiiaaaaiNiajiaai4MdM>»amMMINI>iiMMNiWlblNMN|dy|lilI ^
fdil
f^4, ,■ Ptv' Left If
.fft-
SUKCR^ TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW!
▲
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all madunes C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Wanted—Co-ed to work for room or board. Call 66032.
Single Room—^With private family, fine location, available immediately. 342 Lawn avenue. Call 75882
For Rent—Rooms for two students. Phone 66102.
Faculty Cast To Present Comedy
"The Man In The Bowler Hat,” a one act comedy, will be presented before the members of the University club next Monday night in the Memorial Union Building, according to word received from Prof. Robert Phillips, president of the club.
The cast will include Miss Helen Ellis, Mrs. P. E. Lull, Professors H. M. Baldwin, H. H. Wikel, G. M. Smith, and D. T. Canfield. The University Men’s Glee Club will sing, and dancing will conclude the evening’s entertainment.
R. B. Stewart To Confer With Statistics Compilers
R. B. Stewart, University controller, will leave for Chicago today for a conference with Clasrton Penhale and T. J. Sloan, senior vicepresidents of Standard Statistics, New York City organization for statistics compilation. These two men are in charge of collecting economic statistics for their organization.
Students Tryout
(Continued from page 1)
music. Rehearsals are to start as soon as the cast is complete. No spectfitors will be allowed at the tryouts, according to Shoemaker. All persons present must try out for the show or be actively associated with the production.
WBAA
“Ole Man River”
(Continued from page 1)
premises, all soiled clothes burned immediately, and many othem that are necessary for this hastily constructed community. Questiona And of fdl the questions that a thousand hornless negroes can ask! They want to find their families, find hock shops, get different clothing, call someone they know, go home (hundreds of these, even though that section is five to ten feet under water), and an infinite number of other questions. Confusion is still evident in most of the relief work, but there has been set up, in the space of a few days, a vast organization to help the homeless. Although our makeshift daily newspaper, which is being printed in Lexington, Kentucky says that the city is under martial law, troops have not actually taken over the government of our city. Troops have b^n imported from Ft. Benjamin Harrispn and' police have arrived by plane from all over the country to relieve the overworked local officers. Bowman Field, the municipal airport, is the destination of a constant stream of planes, both day and night. Great Damage Weather Bureau authorities estimate that seventeen days will be required before \ the river will recede to its normal stage, and it is then that the slower but larger task of reconstruction will be begun. Churchill Downs, scene of the famous Kentucky Derby, is, at the present time, under three feet of water and streets throughout the
Grown downing Boos Att ItHroo
.4^
1. ImproYfis your portonol appooraitco. 2. Protects your clothes against moth damage <we use MONlTE^ mothproofing process). 3. Cuts down on your Clothes Budget. s
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
business district have caved in.
The Brown Hotel, Kentucky’s largest, had water for sanitary purposes pumped to its roof, but instead of being controlled, refuse has run in streams through the hallways. The foundation of another hotel, the Kentucky, has sunk into the ground on one side, while the twenty-story structure remains in an upright but weakened condition. All merchants fn the business district will return to find their stock on the basement and first floors entirely destroyed by water.
Confiscation One subject, which I have failed to mention, and which is uppermost in our minds at present, is the confiscation of goods by police, the American Legion, and Army officers. Boats, trucks, private cars, and supply stores have bepn taken over
in wholesale lots. In several in-
stances, where the owners would not cooperate or were profiteering, such acts were in order, especially during the height of the panic period, but in too many instances such acts retarded relief measxures and were performed by men who were not big enough for their jobs, but were just temporarily swollen with authority. The few instances of profiteering made knoAvn to headquarters were stopped by police by means of radio annoimcemente. Except for the expected few that would rather plunder and take ad-, vantage of helplessness than to give aid, the entire ,city responded with every power available to aid the homeless. The entire country is pouring into the city tons of vaccine, medicines, and food, and lending manpower to the tasks which
are ahead. Yes, "Ole Man River” is really unpopular at the moment, and the Wish of the entire population is that he would "just keep rolling along.”
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
mVt Vine West Lafayette Phene 49«fi
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 llfain Street
Tuesday, February 2, 1937
Wanted—Roommate must be congenial, quiet. Desirable room, first floor, near bath. 411 Maple street. Phone 35762. Carl Arvison.
For Rent—^Large double room. Near village and campus. 212 Wiggins. Telephone 46384.
For Rent—Double room in private home. Phone 5282.
Washing and Mending Done— Phone 65243. '
Rooms For Rent—Newly furnished with single beds. Accomodations for 8 or 10 boys. 434 Littleton street.
Double Room for Rent—At 227 Wood street. Phone 3213.
For Rent—Coeds, large single room in private home. Well located. 214 W. Wood street. Phone 66361.
Plat Top Desk—Two metal adjustable desk chairs, each $1.50. (Books, lots of them. Back numbers of magasines).—^Moore’s Colonial Market. 220 N. Fifth street
W. A. a. ■eoHSg-aU e»odi intmtad te tha bwrtina tounuMaevt iriaSM aign' op OB Imlletla fward te WoBiea*^an^^
fSBi liU Tyfahmaii foneiiw rwTSSwbiSSrVM p. m. ba B aaeattoc te tea faadn* rown aJlA ia «Mata4 at «te aooth and tlia faurtti floor at tiM EecHtlae Bnilfliifr HUliUlCTa
SraawB StadoBla—au wbo have made ahaagea te kwal addresaea or wto wlU move 4>ata<e. regtatratloii aheeM mo^r ^ Deaa of Woman*# rttfiee teimadlatrfy. —COOLIDGE.
COod Mgakal Btacatlaar-aemeEeo^-
lilggng^ .~r— ———— nciatar Car WtW •• t a'elaek taataad of Batertay IW*. See Miaa HaaeKan at reglatratloa if there are —HAZBLTOK.
W. A. A. BadailatMi •nWiga W aa ttja taBatto haaad la Am WaaMm’h ChrwaaM JraCare niniair %, U ariah to partW-
-Dr.
11:00—^Morning- Musicale. 11:16—The Homemakers Hour.
11:80—^Music.
11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Scientific News Review-
Carl J. Klemme.
12:46—=-Noon Musicale. 1:00—^Dental Forum. 1:16—Melody Time. 1:80—^Browsing Time, Mrs. Lloyd Jos-
selyn.
1:46—^Markets, J. R. Hays.
2:00—^Weather Reports. 2:16—^Musical Album. 2:30—Songs and Melodies.
2:46—Treasure Chest, P. E.
3:00—^Musical Moments.
3:15—^The Apothecary, H. L. Kendall. 3:30—Afternoon Musicale, Edith Hines
3:46—^P. T. A. Program.
Lull.
pate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girla wishing to participate in the intramural baaketball tournament must sign up on the bulletin board in die Women’s Gym before Febru—SHAFFER.
P. E. W.—A new bowling class for beginners has been added to the winter term schedule. This will be held Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a. m. —HAZBLTON.
Junior M. T. S—Juniors wbp have signed up for distinguished sauads meet in room 108 of the Armory at 4 p. m., February 4. —GRAVES
Alpha Phi Omega—Important business meeUng February 8, in room D of the He* morial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. for election of officers. —KUECK.
Orcheaia Tryouts—Tryouts for member* ship will be held at 4 p. m. on February 3. —ELUS.
UnivMsity Chair—Important rehearsal at 4 p. m. February 2. —STEWART.
P. L A. Band—Practice February 2 at 7 p. m. te tower room of Memorial Union , -FRAME.
Hertlcnltare Club—Meeting February S, at 7 p. m. Dr. Hauge will talk on vitamins of a^cultursl products. _ —TOWNSEND.
Lifeaaving—liaat pra^ioe of fall lifesaving group will be held February 2 at 7 p. m, —RUSSELL.
Tha thinMag fdBaw calla A YELLOW ¥-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Btecfc Can for Special Occaalaaa
wt^thaal
He gar gaaasagMr aw gait al tha cHf
mt PSQMB8 tfOi YELLOW CAB CO.
The Risk DcbUI Clinic
DK. PAUL A. BUK DR. HASOLS M. M8K DS, BOSSST G. SISK i«.LinnnniA.sitK
lit W4f. PImm Slil
S:
s itme SHOE ICE-SKATES
fawtonH
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
S22ilBin9L
Metropolitan Opera Star chooses light smoke for his throat Jjauritz Melchior says:
^*The hardest test I can give a dga-^ rette is to try its effect on my throat after hours of intense rehearsoL Vve found that a light smoke meets this test. And so, although I am not a constant smoker, I favor Lucky Strike for the sake of my throat And, incu dentally, so does my wife. When we go hack to Europe we never forget to take along a good supply of huddes,**
independent survey was made recsendy among professional men and women—lawyersp doctorsp lecturersp sdentistsp etCa Of those who said they smoke dgarettesp 87% stated they personadly ptekr a light smoke# Mr* Melchior verifies the wisdom of this pref* erencep and so do other leading artists of the radiop stagep screenp and opera* Their voices are their fortunes* That’s why so many of them smoke Luckies* Youp too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smokep free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process *Ttfs Toasted”* Luckies are gentle on the throat!
THE FINEST TOBiVCCOBmiE CREAM OF THE CROP*
A light Smoke ”It’8Toasted”-Your Throat Protection
AGAINST IRRITATION-AOAINST GOUGH
Oimim IWf. Tba AwiimafAPWi CbMpeip