I
BEAT INDIANA!
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette^ Indiana, Tuesday, November 16,19^7
NUMBER 55
Third Prom, Gala Week Party Formed; PIA Will Support All-Campus Faction Rumors concerning the formation df a new third party in the coming Prom Committee election were confirmed yesterday when printed cards announcing the committee were sent out by the new group known as the “Square Deal” party to a number of juniors on the campus. Members of the party are: Betty Jo Sexton, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Mary Cooley, unorganized ; Tony Ippolito, Theta Chi; Tom Garland, unorganized; Basil Petry, Acacia; Don Glover, unorganized; and Charles Liming, Lamjbda Chi Alpha.
Chicago Stock Show Will Attract Entries From Entire Globe Atti acting entries from all over the world, the International Livestock Exposition, premier agricultural event of this cdVitinent, will open at the Chicago Stock Yards, November 27. Seventy-eight head of Univeisity livestock will be taken to this year’s show. Thirteen cattle, 45 hogs, and 20 sheep, all fat animals, will constitute the exhibit. In previous years. University sheep and hogs in particular have come away with a lions sha^’e of the premiums. Accoiding to Prof. W. W. Smith of the animal husbandry department, this year's hogs are the equal or superior to any produced in the last few seasons. All of the livestock being taken to the International will be displayed for public inspection at the annual Little International ShoW at the Livestock Judging Arena starting at 7:30 next Wednesday evening. Instructor^ Turn Old Office Into Travelers^ Alcove By C. W. Cox Shades of Ma^co Polo! Calling all globe trotters on the campus! New fields of adventure have been discovered! Did you know that a new realm of leisure—a haven of rest between classes—a grand loafing place for a few spare minutes now and then—has been created in University Hall ? Old room 208, which used to be the English office has been transformed ipto an entirely different place and is now known as the “Traveler’s Alcove.” Professor H. M. Baldwin, whose office adjoins the Alcove, has taken full charge of the accouterments of the room. He also serves as the chief guide and conductor of your tour through the little nook. About the walls he has fastened some 17 mteiesting exhibits of varied natures. Map of Lewis’ U. S. A. There is a map of Sinclair Lewis’ United States as it appears in his novels, t^hree framed pictures of pretty Chinese scenes, two paintings clipped from the pages of magazines, and a large framed map of the world drawn by Hendrik Willem Van Loon, the eminent Dutch-Am-erican author and traveler. Exceedingly interesting to observe are three examples of how foreign students at Purdue wi-ite home. Dutch, French, Chinese, Spanish, and other letters all stand forth on one printed page, thus making it a bit delightful to compare the different languages and scripts. Pres. Elliott’s Contribution While wandering about the Alcove the other day we came across the following words printed above President Elliott’s signature: “Purdue University is an American Institu(Continued on Page 4)
Writhing In Death Throes Frail Figure Fears Finish
No additional petitions have been filed since last Thursday when 15 junior Prom and 2 Gala Week petitions were recorded. C. G. Elliott, chairman of the Election committee, said last night that petitions would be received up to and including next Tuesday with the exception of Saturday, He emphasized the fact that a C or D cannot make a student ineligible for the committees if the student’s all-time average is higher than 3.25. As yet the members of the other two parties, the Nararal party and the 7 Aces party have not been announced. PIA President Robert Schlundt pledged his organization to the AllCampus Party last night with the following statement: “The Purdue Independent Association announces its intention of backing the All-Campus Party in the coming elections. The board’s decision on this matter was reached only after careful consideration of all parties that might work in the interests of the association and after conferences with other leaders in the association. The truth of this statement cannot be emphasized too strongly. “The PIA board has at all times shown a deep interest and loyalty for the entire organization. What could be better evidence of that than our 100 per cent attendance at all board meetings and the present smooth functioning of activities and social affairs ? “Politics is only one of our activities. Realizing that PIA holds an important place in campus affairs and knowing that nothing can poison an organization so quickly as (Continued on page 2) R. C.Kany Awarded SAE Poster Prize R. C. K^any, ME ’40, will be given a cash prize for his design of a poster submitted to advertise the coming SAE Auto Show. The best design was entered by H. M. Jacklin, Jr., who was ineligible to receive the prize. The winning design featured the front end of an approaching automobile, the radiator of which, bears the insignia of the Society of Automotive Engineers. Dames Club Initiates Six At Dinner-Dance Meeting Six pledges were inflated t6 the Purdue Undergraduate Dames preceding a dinner-dance at Lincoln Lodge last Saturday night. The initiates were presented with corsages of pink and white flowers, and matching bouquets, decorated the table set for 26 guests. Those initiated were Mrs. Frances Goodnight, Mrs. Fillmore Slater, Mrs. Morris Beck, Mrs. S. Erase, Mrs. M. M. Ross, and Mrs. James Best. Verle Overman’s orchestra played for the dancing. Sigma Hu Initiates Signia Nu social fraternity announces the initiation of J. Richard Jarvis, Princeton, and J. M. Williamson, Morocco.
By I. N. Diana Bloomington, Ind., November 15. —(Special)—Miss Indiana is dying! Although desperate alurnni did their best to conceal her sad plight, an Exponent special correspondent last night wired the news that Miss Indiana Football, guiding light of the Crimson pigskin pansies, is slipping fast. Stricken Saturday She was stricken Saturday with that dreaded malady Yellow Jitteritis, which all doctors agree is incurable. The immediate cause of the attack was rumored to be the moral defeat she suffered at Iowa Saturday when she could dnly score but three miserable points against a team Old John Purdue went through for two touchdowns. Miss Indiana’s baby doctor. Bo McMillin, yesterday called in specialists from every comer of the globe, but nothing could be done to ease her pain as she lay writhing on her death bed. Dr. Bo was overheard to say, “It’s my first case. It’s either housemaid’s knee or the St. Vitus dance; she shakes so much her sunken eyes look like a polka dot necktie.” Hasn’t A Chance Dr. Cutal Ungout, famous Chinese sawbones, after a glance at
Miss Indiana’s emaciated figure muttered, “She hasn’t a chance, Hmmmpf. No reserve strength; that’s the trouble. Only 11 sound bones in her skeleton, and they are rotting fast.” Miss Indiana was too far gone to make even faint sounds yesterday. Sunday, however, her last whispered words in her delirious dreams were, “Oooh! 35 Boilermakers coming to get my hide. My arch enemy John Purdue coming to help them. Woe night, said it Was only what they exis me.” Illness Expected Back in Lafayette exuberant students when told the good news last night said it was only what they expected. In fact they even made arrangements yesterday to steal the body as soon as Miss Indiana gives up the ghost. (She’d kick the bucket only she hates to do that to a thing she’ll never see again.) Union officials yesterday graciously consented to arrange a funeral parlor, where the body will lie in state until funeral services Thursday night. Fraternities and sororities have been requested to bring wreaths and flowers to the Union tomorrow evening, so that the casket may rest in a flowery bier, while all may view the sad remains.
Will Bucket Leave Indiana After Forthcoming Game?
By Jerry Torrence, Jf. If only the Old Oaken Bucket could talk, what stirring tales of the past it would unwind. The Bucket, brass-bound victory symbol which is on the lips of every Purdue and Indiana student, remains the permanent property for one year of the winning team in that annual gridiron conflict. Saturday, the Boilermakers will journey to Bloomington to take over the full title of ownership of the Old Oaken Bucket. It is now being jointly shared by both universities because of the thrill-packed 20-20 tie game of 1936. Because the Bucket remains in the possession of the team who last won it, it has quietly contented itself with the Hoosiers during the past year. In the event of another tie game this year, the Hoosiers can still claim retention; Purdue must win in oi’der to have the trophy once again within its walls. Purdue To Forge New Link The ancient trophy is now hfeavily laden with seven golden “P’s” and three red “I’s”. At the top and bottom of the chain are linked “I-P” symbols, standing for the tie games of 1925 and 1936.
It goes wihout saying that even with such unbiased writers as ourselves, it is an accepted and often printed fact in these columns that Purdue will have a new “P” link forged as soon as possible for a sparkling denouement to the smash-
Land Grant Institutions Celebrate Anniversary Land Grant colleges and universities of America, of which Purdue is the Indiana representative, are celebrating their 75th anniversary with appropriate exercises in Washington today and tomorrow during the annual meeting of the association of Land Grant Colleges and Universities. The meeting opened yesterday. L. M. Vallely, manager of the Memorial Union Building, has arranged for radios in the Union Building to'be tuned to these'^ programs while they are in
progress.
To Carry Program
Stations in Indiana carrying the program are WGBF at Evansville and WGL Fort Wayne. Numerous other stations outside of the state which can be readily picked up will carry the program, however. Yesterday, M. L. Wilson, under secretary of agriculture, spoke at a program coming from the Lincoln Memorial in Washington. Today at 11:35 President J. W. Burress, of Virginia Polytechnic Institute, will speak from Monticello, home of Thomas Jefferson, near Charlottesville, Va., with Secretary of State Wallace following Dr. Burress. Tomorrow also starting at 11:35, the program will originate at Mount Vernon, George Washington’s birthplace. President Atkinson, of Montana State college, and President Roosevelt will be the speakers, the
speech coming at 12
President’s
o’clock.
mg climax of fiei^t Saturday—^the bevidldering defeat of the so-called football team of Indiana University. Strange Tales' Many strange tales affiliate them(Continued on page 4)
Counselors Resume Weekly Meetings Weekly meetings will be resumed by men counselors today, when Dean Fisher will talk to them on “Student Problems From the Point of View of the Dean of Men.” Fisher, who has been Dean of Men at Purdue for more than a decade, has aided thousands of students in solving the kind of problems met in counseling freshmen. J. E. Walters, personnel director, urges seniors to attend this meeting, which will be held in the lecture room on the second floor of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. today. Dean of Women, Dorothy Stratton will speak to women counselors on the subject, “Counseling Freshmen With Yellow Slips,” in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock also. Important plans for next year’s work will be discussed. M.O. Pence To Address Ceres' Meeting Tonight
It Will Be A Tough Game
Prof. G. A. Young
“The game will be a tough one. If they fight like they did in the Wisconsin game, they wjll win.” With these words. Professor G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, gave his opinion on the coming Indiana game when interviewed last night.' Professor Young showed that he was not worried in the least about the team receiving support from the student body at the game when he said. “You can count on Purdue boys to back the team for any Indiana game.” The interview ended at this point but ‘^G. A.,” other faculty members, and students will have to wait till Saturday to see if they “fight like they did in the Wisconsin game.”
M. 0. Pence, of the agronomy extension department, will address an open meeting of Ceres,‘'agricultural honorary, tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. Pence, who recently returned from a tour of the British Isles and Europe, will give an illustrated lecture
on his trip.
His talk will include a study of agricultural conditions in many Eur opean countries. Ceres invites all agricultural stu dents to attend this first of a series of open meetings planned for the
year.
Pi Kappa Alpha Pledges Pi Kappa Alpha social fraternity announces the pledging of G. Albright, M. G. Beier, and P. H, Darmer, Indianapolis; J. H. Dubois, South Bend; W. S. McDowell, and D. W. Miller, Elkhart.
Debaters To Meet Ohio State In First
r
Big Ten Discussion Meeting Ohio State’s negative team in their first Big Ten debate of the season, the University affirmative team composed of Robert Sasser, of Chicago, a junior in the school of mechanical engineering, and Maurice Karnowsky, a sophomore chemical engineer, will debate the subject “Resolved: that the several states should adopt the unicameral system of legislation” tonight at 8 p. m. in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Joseph A. Andrews, representative in the state legislature, will act as chairman for the contest and Dr. A. H. Monroe, chairman of the speech department will give a short critique of the debate, criticising and complimenting the technique of the teams. Karnowsky was named as the most promising freshman debater last year and Sasser was awarded the same honor the year before. Ralph Wilcox To Speak AfForesfry Club Meeting Former state forester Ralph Wilcox now with the Farm Security Administration, will speak to the Purdue Forestry Club at their semimonthly meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 109 in the Horticulture Building. Wilcox will discuss the activities of the FSA in connection with the field of forestry. G. Walters, president of the Forestry Club, invites all interested to attend. Pedalion Club Entertains Faculty At Tea Sunday Pedalion Club entertained at a faculty tea last Sunday afternoon in the chapter house. Ardath Unrau, graduate student in home economics, poured. Those receiving were Jean Soehner, president of Pedalion, Margaret Johnson, Nina DeWitt, and Mrs. Quinn Lewis, house
mother.
Music by a string trio composed of Mary Jean Sefton, Marion Jones, and Phyllis Uniphreys, was played during the tea. Hall To Address Ag Staff On'Far Eastern Situation' Professor Frank R. Hall, of the department of history, economics, and government, will keep agricultural staff members abreast of “The Far Eastern Situation,” when he speaks on this subject at the monthly luncheon to be held on November 22 in the Memorial Union Building. Hugh S. Heckard is chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements, and he will be assisted by Miss Lula Whitaker, Earl Buta and M, H. Thornton.. J' , ' UJKWWIl" ,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, November 16, 1937
Curbing Cribbing
(The Daily Iowan) We were amused by the decision of the Grinnell college faculty “to remain in classrooms during examinations to avoid deliberately placing temptation in the way of students.” ! If cribbing is a problem at Grinnell and if students there have been accustomed to writing examinations unsupervised by faculty members, we predict that the new policy will not be wholly successful except, perhaps, in creating new and better ways of cribbing. A survey of one denominational school in the state revealed that cribbing there had become a friendly battle of wits between faculty and students. Cards that snapped up their owners’ sleeves and watch crystals that revealed formulae when breathed upon were among the more elaborate devices used to “out-slick” the professors. The only effective remedy for cribbing lies in the skillful preparation of the examination questions. Objective tests, because of their length and detail, rarely can be “cribbed” successfully. Questions calling for student criticism based upon knowledge of the subject are equally resistant to cribbing methods. Some examiners have developed this type of test so highly that they request students to bring texts and reference material to the examination. Cribbing is a habit. If tests were skillfully prepared with this problem in mind, however, we believe the practice would become as obsolete—yes, even as impossible—as dipping “pigtails” in ink wells or caricaturing “teacher” on a slate.
the Purdue Exponent
^socmtcd ‘jgregs
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; "by mail $3.50. REPRHSENTeU FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National MvertisilisgService, Inc. College Publtshers Representatwe 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICE ' 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Eoom E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manasrer
R. P, Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors . D. A. Bailey, L. S Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager . R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager Jl. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke
Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwei
Editor
Associate Editors
Editor _
Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief ^ Issue Editor—Loveridge Night Editor—Vance Tuesday, November 16, 1937
collegiate
By Mary Cooley The latest in campus organizations is an exclusive little club at Women’s College, University of Rochester. Twelve girls are members of the “My Love and I Are Far Apart Club” and pine for the boyfriends at some distant place—Harvard, Princton, or just “back home.” Members wear yellow ribbons around their necks to identify their affiliations. At meetings the girls discuss “heart problems” and find sympathetic listeners when they talk about their boy-friends. A new way to illustrate the structural principles of writing has been put into use at the University of West Virginia. Composition is mixed with photography. The freshmen taking courses in composition hunt for pictures that
prove some of the fine points of composition. The person who can get the proper perspective with a camera turns out to be the one who finds it easier to get the correct slant on his stories. For example, jone student found that a scene of a high mountain peak in the distance could be marred by a disfiguring wire fence in the foreground, indicating that non-es-sential details can ruin any manuscript. The students bring their illustrative snapshots to school and find that the grades on their themes go up as they apply the nice points of photography to English composition. H * * * A blood test is the only infallible yardstick for measuring the degree of drunkenness in accident cases, according to Dr. J. W. Cavette, instructor in physiological chemistry at the University of Minnesota. For months the scientist has conducted tests with various subjects showing how alcohol slows up the reaction time of drivers. He ex-
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are six penalty dates. They are November 19, 22, 24, 26, from noon December 17 to noon December 18 and January 3. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the day of the Indiana vs. Purdue football game. Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas Recess. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class diming the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $5.00 for each twentyfour hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Debris Group Sittings Schedule
Organization pictures for the 1938 Debris will be taken Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, Nov. 16-18, from 7:00-9:00 p. m. All arrangements have been made so that every organization will be photographed on these three evenings. The groups will be formed in the corridor outside the Debris office where they will be conducted to the tower room at the appointed time.
7:00 7:06 7:10 7:16 7:20 7:26 7:80 7:86 7:40 7:46 7:60 7:66 8:00 8:06 8:10 8:16 8:20 8:25 8:80
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16
Reamer Club Gimlet Club Pi Tau Sigma
Eta Kappa Nu Phi Lambda Xlpsilon
Chi Epsilon
Catalyst
Tau Beta Pi
ASME AIEE AIChE ASCE
Sigma Delta Chi Ck>ld Peppera
Delta Bho Kappa Theta Alpha Phi Omicron Mu Kappa Delta PI
WSGA
8.36 YWCA \ 8 ’46 Purdue Pharmacist 8:46 WAA 8 :60 Kappa Psi 8:66 Student Senate WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17 7 .00 Hoof and Horn ( 7 :06 Ceres / 7 :10 Alph^ Zeta j 7 :16 Agriculturist 7 :20 Zouaves 7 :26 Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Comm. 7 :30 POMM 7 :36 Scabbard and Blade 7:40 PIA 7 :46 Purdue Independent 7 :60 Purdue Engineer 7:66 Alpha Lambda Delta 8:00 Debris Editorial Sophs 8 :06 Debris Business Sophs 8:10 Debris Photography Sophs 8:16 Student Union ’Workers 8 :20 Student Union Workers 8:26 Exponent Editorial Workers 8:30 Exponent Editorial Workers 8:36 Exponent Business Workers 8:40 Skull and Crescent 8:46 Forestry Club 8:60 Forestry Club 8:66 Xi Sigma Pi 9.00 SportsvYomen THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 18 7 :00 Cosmoi^litan Club 7:06 Phi Mu 7 :10 Playshop Board 7:16 Alpha Phi Omega 7 :20 WBAA 7 :26 IMton Club
plained that “these tests are already in use in several foreign countries. They could be adapted here to the uses of police departments to remove guesswork from prosecution of intoxicated drivers.” Normally the human blood contains .003 to.005 per cent of alcohol. Motor accidents will begin to happen when the alcohol content is .1 to .15 (with motorcycles) to .15 to .2 per cent (automobiles). “At .2 to .3 the subject is definitely drunk, and between .3 and .4 he is ready to pass out,” Dr. Cavette said.
The title of the world’s tiniest coed IS now being held by Catherine Cooper, Santa Ana sophomore. She is just 56 inches tall, nosing out her nearest tompetitor by one inch. * He * * Leaving the stands while a play is in progress is impolite. Waiting to itlake your exit (and then^by way of the aisles — not bounding over benches) until the time out has been called or until the end of the quarter is the considerate thing to do. ^ The need of reform in presentday society deeply impressed a University of Kansas student. Under the influence of the spirit of the indomitable Carrie Nation, he took his borrowed car and went about destructively crashing into saloons —until the alarmed police force caught up with him. His excuse W his reckless behavior was “it was a more modern way of effecting social good,” but police declared that he was unquestionably a great deal more under the influence of liquor than of Carrie Nation.
Co-Edits
Hi There, Stranger “Hi” or “Hi there” seems to be the favorite greeting of the Purdue student as he shoves and jostles his way down the crowded campus walks between classes. Of course if the speaker is one of those fortunate mortals who can get names out quickly, he may hurriedly murmer “Hi Henry” or “Hi Annabell.” Probably a year or two ago when the student was in high school he considered “Hi” too .plebeian a form of address. But now he has been to college, and since the University does have a broadening influence even the most precise freshman soon adopts the habit of saluting his friends with the most easily pronounced of all greetings, “Hi.’,’ Some students still cling to “Hello” and a few very nimble tongues even attempt a “How do you do?” Then there is always the possibility of using the formal “Good Morning” or “Good Afternoon.” Yet many a struggling scholar has had the exasperating evperience of greeting his professor with a cheerful “Good Afternoon” when hurrying to an 8 o’clock. The greetings which aren’t given at all are really the most embarrassing ones. Example: When one person stands and gazes lingeringly after another, wondering if it wasn’t some one he ought to know, only to realize too late it was. Almost equally as bad are greetings given which shouldn’t have been. These moments are hard enough when the other person answers; but when only an icy stare is given in the direction of the speaker, the feeling is distinctly unpleasant. So whether you’re wandering aimlessly about or hurrying to a three hour lab, let the air be filled with joyful tidings as you call out “Hi” to friends you meet.—G. S.
GRIN'AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
IDENTITY KNOWN—Of person taking gym key No. 27CX168 and money from locker 1,404. Mail to 109 S. 6th street, Lafayette. No questions asked.
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY DEATH VALLEY! . . and a naive detective rushes to the aid of love.
“Fair Warning
with
BETTY FURNESS
plus Rin-Tin-Tin, Jr. in “THE TEST” also Cartoon “The Runt”
99
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Special Xmas Offer For Trips of 1000 MILES OR MORE For the Christmas Holidays we are able to make attractive offers on trips of 1,000 miles or more. You will save money besides having the convenience of a car equipped with a heater. Phone 6455 or stop in and see us. ROGER’S U-DRIVE-IT-YOURSELF SYSTEM
Cofr. IpS^by U^ca^jeatnrtSypJiw^ Ine^ .17 ‘If you’re writing your folks, Bill, you could help a pal by makin’ me a carbon copy of your letter.”
FOR RENT—Rooms for 3 students. 434 Littleton.
* FOR SALE—Remington portable typewriter. Good as new. Reasonable. 434 Littleton.
Prom Elections--(Continued fom page 1)
dishonest politics, we are ready to lay our cards on the table. i “We do not intend to sweep campus elections or even to gain a lion’s share of the offices in the elections, as some independent and fraternity men believe we should. Rather we plan to get a fair representation in all campus offices. “We believe this objective can be accomplished by affiliating with a group of fratei’nities and asking only a reasonable number of offices for PIA members and we acted upon
TODAY — TOMORROW 2—FIRST RUN HITS—2
this belief. It must be remembered we could have run a party of our own and thus have PIA candidates for all offices. “We did not affiliate with the group that offered us the largest number of offices for the above reason and because we doubted the sincerity of their statements and the power of their party. “We pledge to PIA members that we will not rfllck poltically anyone whom we feel is incompetent.” Last year the Independent organization supported the Natural ticket.
TODAY—TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
BRUCE- CABOT —in— “BAD GUY” ^ —PLUS— CLAIRE TREVOR —in— ‘One Mile From Heaven”
TODAY-TOMORROW
Melvyn DOUGLAS
—Pins— ROBERT BENCHLEY
‘How To Start the Day”
TODAY — TOMORROW MADS
s ^
J'S’ i:
" nfV:>’ ...v.’hU; -■'w ',/, ' a^^-::.:,^'i&:.vf:,4. " .'A. ^ ' -:i/>v
Tuesday. November 16. 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Four More Days To Get That Old Oaken Bucket^
Battery E-3 Captures R 0 T C Softball Title
Interbattery softball competition was completed yesterday afternoon when battery E-3 won over battery H-1 in a three-inning contest by a score of 2-Q. Out of an original group of 32, which started play on November 4, these two teams wei’e the sole survivors. Battery E-3, managed by Cadet Sergeant J. D. Gantz, will receive both a gold medal and a citation for their achievement while battery H-1 managed by L. B. Holms, while not receiving a citation, will be presented silver medals as an acknowledgement of their eflforts.
TOUCHBALL
Tuesday, November 16 Field 4— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.—Billings. 5— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Sigma—Juillai’d. (Playoff). 6— Phi Pi Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—Leppla. (Playoff). 7— ^Delta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi— Kerber. (Playoff). 9—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Phi ‘ ' Epsilon—Wallace. (Playoff). 8— Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 4—Troyer. (Semi-final).
Boilermakers Handicapped By Injuries Prepare For Annual Old Qaken Bucket Clash With Indiana
Gold and Black Squad Prepares Fast Attack To Defeat Crimson Eleven Next Saturday
Schreyer Definitely Out Of Indiana Game; Grant May Be Benched With Ankle Injury Closing a hard-fought season, the Boilermaker eleven is strenuously preparing for the coming conflict with Indiana Saturday afternoon. Although the Hoosier aggregation has a very imposing record so far this season, suffering defeat only at the hands of Minnesota, the Gold and Black team is far from daunted and is expecting to enter thfe game better prepared
than at any time this season.
Saturday’s game was a costly one, with Captain Martin Schreyer being forced out of the lineup for the big game with Indiana by a knee injury and Andy Grant, .veteran guard, receiving a badly twisted ankle.
The Purdue team has not had a colorful year, but are recognized throughout the country for their determined fight even against great odds, so that a very hard fought game is expected when the two schools meet. Few Changes In Lineup Only a few changes are expected in the Purdue starting lineup according to Coach Mai Elward. Probably the most important changes are in the line where Joe Mihal, a junior is expected to take over Captain Marty Schreyer’s assignment, and Carl Verplank and Henry Bremer, a pair of sophomore’s will also share Andy Grant’s duties. Grant suffered an ankle injury during the Badger conflict and it is doubtful if he will be able to see much action Saturday. The same backfield lineup that gained consistently against Wisconsin is scheduled to start again. This included Cecil Isbell at left halfback, Lou Brock at right halfback, Tony Juska at fullback, and Cody Isbell at quarterback. Interest in this game is already at a high pitch and it is expected between five and six thousand Gold and Black supporters,will be in the stands at Bloomington for the kickoff and will be proud of the performance turned in by their team.
Wise Collegians
with assurance of
sts in the most
to their Classes
JhSL fiwuHwL Tthim&dciL lAlUOfL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Injured Boilermakers
C-APT.M/^QTIN^ScmmO. on oW leg injury.
Po/ZDUe ■75?<r/c'4.£'
Andy Grant, sparky red-headed Boilermaker guard suffering from
AUTO BODY SHOP Complete Body, Fender Repairing and Wrecker Service Top Trimming, Woodwork, Wheels and Axles Straightened Welding R. M. Thoennes and Chas. Harrington, Props. 421-23 North Third St. Res. Phones 7793 and 76864
TO
LOOMINGTO AND RETURN
ACCOUNT
FOOTBALL GAME PURDUE vs. INDIANA SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20 SCHEDULE—GOING Leave Lafayette 8:30 A. M. Arrive Bloomington 11:15 A. M. SCHEDULE—RETURNING Leave Bloomington 6:00 P. M. Arrive Lafayette 8:45 P. M.
ROUND TRIP
Tickets good going on special train, also on all regular trains, 11 a. m. Friday to l\^a. m. Saturday. Tickets good returning on special train, also on all regular trains to and including No. 6, Monday.
For further information call L. D. WOOD, Ticket Agent Phone 6701
The team physician gives Scheyer,no chance at all of getting into thOi game, but Grant may possibly break into the lineup for awhile. Joe Mihal, junior tackle replacement, will be given the tough job of filling Schreyer’s shoes. Schreyer’s Leg To Be In Cast Schreyer came out to practice last night, and although downcast at the trick fate had played on him, was optimistic about the Boilermaker’s chances against the Hoosiers. According to Schreyer, “The boys are showing good spirit and look fine. I want to wish them the best of luck.” When asked about the injury he stated that, “It is getting along all right, but it will have to be placed in a cast; so | will not be able to get into the Indiana game.” Andy was out at the practice field last night, but only to limber up a bit and did not get into any scrimmage. He says that the ankle is feeling much better and that he hopes to get into the game for a while, but will of course be handicapped. I~M Department Will Sponsor Frosh CC Run Thursday Hoping to supply Qoach Harmon Phillips with some track material, the intramural department is sponsoring a new race in the form of a freshman fraternity cross country, which will be run off Thursday at 4:15 p. m. around Intramural Field. For a period of five weeks starting October 4, fraternities have had two or more .men running the two and a half mile course not less than four times a week. The men from these fraternities, will compete Thursday. Points toward the Intramural Participation Trophy will be given on the basis of attendance as well as the results of the race. Each fraternity which has had two or more men out regularly for the five week period will receive 60 points besides those earned in the race. The first place team will receive 40 points, while the other teams finishing the race will receive five points less for each place down to eighth, which receives but five participation points.
H. G. “Deac” REISNER Sells the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes
START, ENJ0YIN6r :WiDOUeTIN#-^
Y’O'm ALSm WILL 'REC0MMEN‘D
PILTER'COOLED
^SOMETHING WONDESFia. ^ GOES ON INSIDE: It has the onl^ Fat’d filter combining moisture-proof Ce£ lophane exterior and 66 BafQe absorbent mesh screen interion resulting in greatest ^scientific pipe 8mok> ^ ing invention ever known. Pravents tongue bite, raw month, wet heel, bad odor, frequent expectoration. No breaking in. Improves .^tasteand aromaofany tobaccoi.
Wallop Indiana Saturday
By Dick Obenehain It always happens to us ... We lament the breaks we received last year . . . This year we lost Nobe and two conference games on bad breaks . . . And now we find that Marty Schreyer will be out of the Indiana game . . . He sure will be hard to replace . . . However, we still have big Joe Mihal who really turned in a good game at Wisconsin after Captain Schreyer’s accident. —fc— Quite a crowd of students are making the Indiana game this year . . . So few of the Sigma Nus will be here that they are closing their house . . , Quite a few of the lads are even planning to drag dates to the affair . . . Although Purdue will be the underdog, our hopes run high. • —^fc— While the Indiana studes are burying Jawn Purdue, there will be a bury’n right here in Lafayette— Miss Indiana . . . And she sure will be a honey if the present Gimlet plans go through . . . One of the Palais Royale’s best window display. —fc— Interest is mounting higher for the Indiana game . . . it’s thfe subject of the hour . . . Get your bucket tag ... We can’t getthatbucket hack until we down the Crimson . . . Ties don’t count as we believed last year. —£fc— Response to our request for your desires in connection with sport bigraphies is very favorable ... Especially from the feminine side . . . We’ll try to answer one of them tomorrow . . . Keep up the good work . . . And remember “Only 4 more days to get that Bucket.”
Women’s Athletics
Riflery Open practices are still being held in co-ed riflery.^ Seven practices are required to be in by December 3. Ward and sdrority teams are to be chosen by the week of December 6.
Ho^ckey Sophomores defeated the juniors in a close hockey game, 1-0, tieing the series of games. The championship will be played this afternoon. Seniors are in third place, with the freshmen fourth in the tournament.
Sports Spreacf,/ WAA Sports Spread, annual WAA dinner, will be held at WAA cabin November 19. Class numerals will be awarded to the girls who make 100 points in fall season sports. ‘F’ monograms will be awarded to those who have earned 1,000 points in hWAA. All new members who have “P” monograms will be initiate in Pxnrdue Sportswomen, honorary athletic association for co-eds, by Emily Tubbs, president. The Sportswomen have full charge of the Sports Spread, at which the winter sports calendars will be announced.
SEIIIIHI miEBS m KEOiCOHnS ME PMIEB H THIS lEB MULUKin
—LEAKING— Water Jackets, Cylinder Heads and Manifolds RepaireiL Our Process'GuaranCeed. Also Welding, Machine Work and Pattern Making. Rettig Engiaeering Co. Cor. 2nd & Perry Phone 3782 G««. p. itottic. Pw^ Nuk me
ah'
..r%,' I s, * I i
ili 'if 6*1
It ^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. November 16,1937
(Continued from page 1) selves to this old wooden symbol, steeped as it is in tradition One stoiy concerns a irioup of sti angers who were on hand one yeai at the Bloomington lailioad station to welcome the return of the Bucket to then Univeisity, aftei an unhappy Puidue day. Dovn the stieets they maiched vith it, but after an investigation It vas learned that the wooden receptacle nevei reached its destined spot of seclusion. Were these men fiom some outside institution? The mystery was finally cleaied up when it w'as found abandoned in a Lafayette newspapei office Need 11101 e be said ? Clevett To Answer Questions On Gym And Field House Is there anything that you want to know about the new Gymnasium and Fieldhouse? Suiely each and eveiy Purdue student would like to know one or moie things about the new'est building on the campus. In order to answei questions which students may ask M L Clevett, of the intiamuial depaitment,will have a question and answ ei section in the Exponent for the next week oi so Questions ai e to be mailed or may be dropped in the mail box at Mr. Clevett’s dooi. Student’s are urged to ask questions legaiding the fieldhouse in any way.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Instructors Arrange(Continued from page 1) tion. For 60 years it has rendered distinctive educational, scientific, and civic service to the nation and the state. From the beginning there has been a steady stream of students from beyond the borders of the United States. It IS a mattei of great piide that this stream continues to flow in spite of great difficulties arising fiom the disturbed state of world affairs.” Good Thing For Campus We thought to ourselves, “Hmm, a p’etty good thing foi this campus. Guess we’re fortunate to be able to know some of these students from other lands.” Having a class, then, we turned to go, but as we left, something else on the door caught oui eye. We stopped, read, and went on our way just a bit more thoughtfully. . What we saw was this: “I am defeated, and know it, if I meet any human being from whom I find myself unable to learn anything— George Herbert Palmer.”
meeting: will be held in room A of the Union November 16 at 7:80 p. m. —WINTER.
Camera Club: Meeting: November Speaker Come one—come all.
—SAMUELSON
17.
E Ruth, R Mock, R. Sexton, B. J. Sexton, J Ciral, —MASON
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 pm.
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Sdcure petitions at Senate office, room A 4 to 5pm November 10 to 23 —ELLIOTT
WAA Hockey Conference: Girls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women’s Gym at 11 a m Saturday —BRADY
Purdue Riding Club: Moonlight ride November 16 at S p m Members wishing to go sign up in Union office —SUMMERS
Christian Science Organization: Regulai
«the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Denial Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Jewelry — R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is alt we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post OflBce — Photography —— Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
■Printing'
a
P
iRINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~ ^OWe* Siailonaiy . .
Wedding InvlMlont
PHONE - S.l« Book., Etc... 2 62 8 CASSEL'S 40«FERRy
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — «C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing: Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Stndenta. 527 Main Phone 5432 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glotz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. —Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dine
AiicMl DINE ^ DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Undbaigli Read
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp): Examinationsfor the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p m. Get permits in CE 102 before December 1. —TODD
Gimlet Members: Dinner and meeting at Delta Tau Delta house November 16 at 6 o’clock —BROWN
Alpha Lambda Delta: Group picture will be taken November 17 at 1 65 jn the tower room bf the Union Building A meeting will be held following the picture —RANDALL.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Get cutlasses from me at Beta Sigma Psi house immediately —MAAHS
Hydraulics (C.E. 41): An examination for the removal of C grades will be given in Room 203, Civil Engineering Building, on November 27th, from 1 to 4 p. m Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undersigned prior to November 26 —GREVE Purdue Plying Club: Meeting November 17 at 7 p m , room A of the Union Building Important —CONWAY Purdue Flying Club: There is one share in ship available Call 3063 —CONWAY Cosmopolitan Club: Short meeting immediately after Debris group picture November 19 in loom D of the Union Building —CARACCIOLO
Sophomore Union Workers: All workers are requested to report to the Union office at 4 p m November 16 It is very necessary that as many workers come as possible —UNION BOARD
Interfraternity Bowling: The following teams bowl November 16 at 7 p m , Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Delta Rho, Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha At 9 p m.. Delta Upsilon vs Theta Tau, Pi Kappa vs Kappa Sigma Bowling managers bring the $2 60 fee —STUCKEY
PI A: The beginning dance class will meet November 18, at 7 30 p. m in the Union balhoom —CLYMER Freshmen Councilors. Meeting November 16, at 4 p m in the women’s lounge —HUBER
Scabbard and Blade: Group pictures for the 1988 Debria will be taken November 17, at 7:3B p. m. in tower room of Union All members, both active and pledges, will attend in formal uniform —BAALS
University Choir: Rehearsal at 4 p i November 16 in Union tower room —STEWART
Civil Engineering Students: There Is still a chance to join ASCE until just before time for Debris picture or at office of Civil Engineering Building —ROSE
Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting of the actives and pledges in the Union Exponent office immediately after Debris picture is taken —FORSTER Playshop: Meeting in sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p m November 16 for publicity and stage crews —MtTLLER
Agficnlturist—All members and workers on staff, please come to tower room in the Union Building November 18, at 7 :30 p m. —TINQSLEY
WAA Kiflery: ’I’arget practice November 16, at 6 '16 p. m , Ward 2 ; at 7:00 p. m , Alpha Xi Delta , at 7:4B p m , WRH South , and at 8 p m , Alpha Chi Omega —CHRISTENSON
Zouaves: All members and pledges report to the Union Building at 7‘00 p. m. November 17, for Debris picture. Formal uniforms with white shirts will be worn by everyone —VANDERFORD
Senate: Meeting at 7 30 p m in Senate office, November 16 —ROHYANS
Sophomore Cotillion Committee: Meeting November 16 at 7 30 p m at Kappa Phi house —SWINNEY
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 7 p m in WSGA office November 16 —SLOCUM
Debris: Sales Staff meeting in office at 4pm November 16 —SIEBENTHAL WAA Piaetice game November 18, at 4 m for girls going to Chicago for Hockey Play Day —DOBSON WAA Hockey: All-Star teams to play November 17 at 4 00 —DOBSON Minstrel Show Will the following report for rehearsal in room B of the Union Building, Novembel 16 at 8 p m B Skihnei D Muller, B Burns, M Starrett E Flater,
One of the Many Reasons Why Crown Cleaning Service is so popular is MONITE Mothproofing. All wool garments Cleaned at Crown are insured against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. There is no extra charge for this service.
uamm
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
■' .V> ^
mim
■v/spape*' day
oD a
can see every”
uran you - pillions oi v--*" . -^xz from
day.bu“''*“\ethte'i»*'lf^t
\jecause tney » tbebactseai.
the elevator vMVvat saanne o o' Mclrrtyto.^
Makes Good
word pictvire
Gallipoli^ Boy
by I.
I
' / '/ ■' ' f |.||^||l■|||L^^|^|^f|fl ft
f
&
y.
IID-PiliMH FiiTSAU. IMYHIIil COLLEGE? tacutojou than „eight. With and why it’s sweeping the colleges, x. by ARNOLD NICHOLSON
McIHTV^
•By
J. brvah,
YOU CAN’T BEAT THE GOVERNMENT, Stanley High reports on the world’s biggest publicity campaign, which through newspapers, posters, radio and movies sells the New Deal to America. "SOCKING A CROOK,” said young Larry Wayne, ”is definitely outmoded.” So he went after the cop-hating Carmichaels his own way. Leslie T. ’White tells how, in The Last Wayne. AN AMERICAN DOCTOR IN CHINA. Victor Reiser, M. D., relates the deeply human story of China’s battle against disease. TROUBLE, TROUBLE. Charley Hackett had just ten hours left to finish Highway Project 721. Then, mysteriously, the 40-ton digger started to slip. A short story by Karl Detzer. NEWFOUNDLAND SPENDS ITS WAY INTO BANKRUPTCY. Bertram B. Fowler tells how it happened, and what they tried next, in Government by Receivership. *‘DOCTORS HUMAN?” To Sally, they were soulless bums, until one overlooked a measle, in Hannah Lees’ Hospitals Are for Sick People. .., Read Tish Marches On, by Mary Roberts Rinehart, and Just Call Me Margie, by Kenneth Payson Kempton.