I (J..
1 / I *- /r'
7" ^ V,
' Ti
,^r
®hE Pursue 'ExjJDitejtl
l^ublished Daily by Students of Putdue University
Volume XLVm
LAPAYEl^fe, mtolANA, ^ESDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1936
NUUBERM
SDX Officials Won’t Talk On Rassle Rumor
Refuse To Deny 0)r Confirm Higlibrow Report; Ducats On Sale Sigma Delta Chi officials last night refused either to confirm or deny widespread rumors that the Riveters’ Rassle is going highbrow this year. One active ef the journalistic fraternity that annually sponsors the Rassle, heretofore more or less of a brawl, remarked that he really thought beards would go pretty nice with a full dress suit. Ticket Sale Limited Tickets for the Rassle may be obtained from Deac’s, Decker’s, Southworth’s, the Union desk, or from any active or pledge of Sigma Delta Chi for $2. The organization again last night emphasized that it would uphold its reputation of providing ample dancing room by limiting ticket sales again this year. Valuable Prizes Awarded Since the announcement of valuable prizes for achievements in promoting the growth of beards, various cookie dusters, misplaced eyebrows, and other hairy sprouts have appeared on the campus, with Charlie Trees unofficially leading the clan. The growth of beards has been encouraged by the promise of the University military department to accept a ticket to the Rassle as an excuse for not shaving.
Poultry Judging Team Wins Fourth Place At Chicago
The Purdue poultry judging team, composed of A. Cantwell, B. W. Anderson, and M. V. Flock, took fourth place in the Midwestern Intercollegiate Poultry Judging Contest; held Saturday in Chicago, in connection with the International Livestock Exposition. Minnesota took first place. Cantwell placed second as an individual and Anderson placed eighth. Judging included classes in live and dressed market poultry, eggs, egg production, and the exhibition birds. The Purdue team placed first in the judging of market poultry.
AUen To Speak On Positions, Interviews
Union Bowling Team Stops Exponent Five; Gets Tie With Debris The Union bowling team defeated the Exponent five, 2,166 to 1,955, in a three-game match played last night on the alleys in the Memorial Union Building. Bob Reid, Student Union vice president, was high with 201 rolled in the third game. The Union victory gave them a tie with the Debris squad for first place in the activities league. Each team has won two games and lost one. The Exponent has won one and lost two, both to the Union five.
Co-Ed Debris Junior Editor To Undergo Operation Today
Mary Jean Light, member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, and a junior coed editor of Debris, will undergo an appendicitis operation this morning at St. Elizabeth hospita!^. Dr. A. B. Coyner, Lafayette physician, is in charge of the case.
University Stock Shown This Week At International
Purdue livestock goes on dress parade today as judges select the winners from the world’s barnyard aristocracy at the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago. The univlersity is represented in the cattle, sheep, and swine departments, and is anxious to protect its record as an exhibitor of prize winning livestock, especially in the swine classes. The Purdue livestock judging team, composed of J. A. Hoefer, C. S .Dixon, J. M. BoWmar, H. D. Elijah, and W. M. Clary, placed second in judging swine and sheep, ninth in cattle, and tenth in judging horses. In an essay contest conducted W the Saddle and Sirloin Club, Purdhe tied with Wisconsin for third place. Metoberii of the agriculture staff attending the International are Prof. F. G. King, Prof. W. W. Smith Prof. Clattde Harper, Prof. C. F. Gobble, J. T. Frost, a^d Prof. R. B. Cooley, who is judging horses.
Seventy-fiVe of the 272 members of the freshman class at LaFayette College are either sons or relatives <k alhimni of the coUc^.
An opportunity for University upperclassmen to obtain information on “Hpw To Interview An Employer To_, Secure a Position” will be provided Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 101, of the Education Building, with W. R. Allen, personnel director of L. S. Ayres and Co., of Indianapolis, ^'conducting demonstration interviews. Another “Clinic” December 10, at the same time and place, three representatives of the General Electric Company will combine in conducting another “job getting clinic.” Those who will conduct this demonstration include C. C. Adams, assistant district manager of the Central Station Department, Chicago, 111.; M. Q. Allen, sales department, Columbus, O.; and P. Y. Turney, manager of the Grand Rapids, Mich., office.
Atom To Play Big Part In Physics Film
Two sound films will be displayed this evening and Thursday evening by the Physics department on the atoms and molecules called “Oil Film On Water” and “Arrangement Of Atoms And Molecules In Crystals” in the lecture room of the Physic Building at 7 o’clock. These unusual films were prepared by the visual instruction department of the General Electric Company, under the supervision of Dr. Irvin Langmuir. The films record several interesting experiments in surface tension and monomolecular layers as performed by Dr. Langmuir.
Dean C. B. Jordan, of the University school of pharmacy, left Sunday for Washington,* D. C., to attend the meeting of the executive committee of the United States Pharmacopeia of which he is a member.
Playoff Between Kappa Sig And Phi Kappa Tan Today
Swingstress
Ina Ray Hutton
Melodears To V Make Music For Mixer
Blonde Ina Ray Hutton will bring her Melodears to the Union ballroom Saturday night to furnish rhythm for the regular mixer. Called the “glorious and glamorous melody miss” and the “vivacious eyeful and earful,” Ina Ray will try to live up to her description Saturday in her first appearance at the University. Miss Hutton and her Melodears have made several motion picture shorts and taken part in several feature pictures. Their latest screen effort was in “The Big Broadcast.” Miss Hutton made her first stage appearance with Gus Edwards at the Palace Theater as a singer and dancer. She was featured in the show “Clowns In Clover” and repeated her first musical comedy success in George White’s “Melody.” Soon after this, Irving Mills, her present manager, brought her to the vaudeville stage, and she organized her all-girl band.
By virtue of their defeat of Phi Kappa Sigma yesterday, the Kappa Sigs have the privilege of playing the Phi Kappa Taus today in the last of the semi-final games in the fraternity touchball competition. The Kappa Sigs made their winning touchdown on a pass from Olson to Thompson. The winner of today’s game between the Kappa Sigs and the Phi Taus will play the Phi Psis for the Greek touchball championship cup.
EXPONENT STABF Membets of the editorial, sports, and co-ed staffs will meet Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Exponent office. -.MOHHIS.
University Sing Winners RecQrd Concert Program
Facility Rules Limitatioiis On ChE School
A program of recordings of the winners of last May Day’s All-Um versity Sing was given at the music room concert last Sunday before a capacity crowd. The program was recorded through the facilities of radio station WBAA, which was connected to the music room by direct wire. At the station the songs, contributed by the Alpha Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and the Kappa Alpha Theta sororities and the Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Delta, and the Sigma Chi fraternities, were recorded as they were received. A total of nineteen recordings were made at this time, and more are expected to be made in the near future. The usual Wednesday Music Appreciation Group will not be given this week due to Doctor Elliott’s book review, which is to be given on that night.
Freshman Debate Tryouts Today In University Hall
Requirements Are Based On Freshman Chemistry Grades Limitations based on grades received in freshman chemistry for students planning to enter the University school of chemical engineering were ruled by the faculty at a recent meeting. The requirements for admission into the school were established to protect students who are weak in chemistry and who have little chance of success in this particular branch of engineering, according to a letter from Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school. Beginning next semester no student will be allowed to enroll as a sophomore in the school of chemical engineering unless he satisfies the following requirements: “B” In Chem lA and 2A 1. If he was assigned to Chemistry la and 2a during his freshman year, he must have passed the courses with a grade of B or better. 2. If he did not have high school chemistry, and was assigned to Chemistry 1 and 2 during his freshman year, he must have passed these with a grade of B or better. 3. If he had high school chemistry, and was assigned to Chemistry 1 and 2 in place of la and 2a, he must have passed Chemistry L and 2 with a grade of A or better. Special Examination 4. A student who has not established the grades mentioned under 1, 2, and 3, either in Chemistry 1 and 2, or la and 2a, but who feels that he is competent to take up the study of Chemical Engineering, will be permitted to take a special examination before registration in September in order to prove his ease. This examination will be made by the department of chemistry in cooperation with the head of the school of chemical engineering.
WBAA Broadcasts Christmas Seal Drive Programs
WBAA, University radio station, will begin its Christmas Seal campaign today in cooperation with the Tippecanoe county Tuberculosis League. Each day for a week, WBAA will broadcast a program in the interest of Christmas Seal sales. A fouract play, “The Gagen Family” will be presented, and several speakers will be on the program during the week. Each broadcast begins at 2:05 p. m. Dr. Ann Lutz, president of the Tippecanoe county Tuebrculosis Association; Prof. W. M. Hepburn, librarian; Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the student health service; Dr. W. D. Graham, pastor of the Central Presbyterian Church; Dr. J. W. Strayer, superintendent of William Ross Sanitarium; and Prof O. F. Hall, head of the department of education, will be among the group of speakers who will take part in the series of programs.
Plan Radio Educational Conference
Comnlittee To Plan Cidendar Change Today Ftof. R. B. Wilef Hea& Group )Of Six Chciseii To Suggest Alt^atfons
Farm Fence Tests To Be Conducted
The questions concerning farm fencing problems will be answered in a series of tests starting today at Purdue, by the American Society for Testing Materials. In a test plot, located on a hill in one of the University farms, test strips of nearly every type of fence have been erected. These fences will be subjected to the elements for a period of twenty years; however, they will be inspected at six month intervals and records made of the condition of each fence. Similar tests will be made at other stations located throughout the country. The local project was designed by H. E. Smith, engineer for the American Society for Testing Materials, and I. D. Mayer, of the agricultural- engineering staff at the Purdue Agricultural Eaperimental Station, who will also serve as a member of the inspection commijrtee.
National leaders in the field of education, through the medium of radio, will attend the Indiana Conference at Purdue University on December 6, in the Memorial Union. This conference is held imder direction of Purdue Radio Station, WBAA, and the University Radio Committee, with the school of electrical engineering, the engineering extension department, and the division of speech. In the opening session, with Prof. W. A. Knapp presiding, the following speakers will address the group on the general subject, “The Use Of Radio In Education;” S. Howard Evans and Homer Bath. In the second session, with Harold K. Philips presiding, W. W. Darrell and Joseph Wright will discuss “The Use Of Local Commercial And Institutional Stations.” After luncheon, D. A. Burton will lead the discussion with the following lecturers; Wm. D. Boutwell, Miss Blanche Young, and Edward Smith. This section will deal with the preparation of radio programs and their presentatipn. This conference, sponsored by Purdue University, is designed to bring together representatives of organizations interested in radio broadcasting and its advancement, and to foster cooperation for the improvement of radio programs.
Freshmen debate tryouts will be held this afternoon from 3:45 to 6 o’clock in room 801, University Hall. Each freshman must make a five minute talk on either side of the question, “Resolved: That The Extension Of Consumer Cooperatives Would Contribute To Public Welfare.” Beveridge contest finalists will not havS to speak, but must necessarily put in an appearance at this time to signify their desire to he on the te^.
Indiana Boosts Budget Request By 20 Per Cent Because of an increase in enrollment this year, President W. L. Bryan, of Indiana University, asked for a 20 per cent Increase in funds Friday for the University’s bi-en-nial budget. The request covers expenses of the Indiana University holdings and the several other extension points. Included in the list was a request for $2,259,485 for restoration of salary cuts made in 1932.
UNION SOPHOMORES Compulsory meeting of all Union Workers and nienibers of Thanksgiving show, **Black And Tan,” in the ballmm today at 4 p, nur H. SROBMAKSB
Changes in the University calendar will be discussed today in a meeting of the committee of six, chosen by President Elliott to plan and suggest new arrangements for the school year program. The committee will meet in room 214 of the Civil Engineering Building at 4 o’clock. Prof. R. B. Wiley, whose nnma was omitted in the article published in Saturday’s Exponent, was appointed chairman of the committee on calendar alterations. E. B. Baugh wiU represent the alumni, instead of the faculty, as was stated in the same article. Two Proposals Two proposals will be taken up, namely the proposal which has been made by the students for the extension of the Thanksgiving recess in order to include the Friday and Saturday following Thanksgiving Day, and t^e suggestion to modify the annual commencement program for the baccalaureate services to be on the Sunday nearest May 6, and the shifting of commencement exercises from Tuesday to the preceffing Sunday or Saturday. Any other desirable changes in the calendar which come to the attention of the special committee will also be given consideration.
Rooms Needed For High School Girls This Week-End
Rooming facilities are needed for Friday night for high school girls who will attend the Seventh Animal Debate Conference at Purdue University this week-end. Persons living in Lafayette or West Lafayette who will have rooms available for Friday evening are requested to list their rooms with the Dean of Men’s office by calling 2675.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Bro'vains Boom
TWO BOOKS ON ANTIQUES “Old Pewter, Brass, Copper, And Sheffield Plate” by N. Hudson Moore, is a delightful, chatty book by an authority on collecting these antiques. The fascination of such a hobby is enhanced by an accurate knowledge of •the pieces one possesses, or hopes some time to have, so that one welcomes any aid in acquiring this knowledge. Any book which gives, as this one does, details of manufacture, style of decoration and is well illustrated to bring'Out these points is a very real help in becoming familiar with all the intricate points in the study of this hobby. “The Practical Book Of American Antiques,” by H. D. E. Eberlein and Abbot McClure, is a study of wide range which includes all antiques with the exception of furniture. Early American craftsmanship in glass, metal-work, lace, decorative painting ahd portraiture, weaving, and carving are some of the subjects which are discussed in this volume. Both these books make interesting reading for Uiose mildly int^ eeted in the subject of antiques, as well as containing excellent authoritative material for the collector.
Unsettled-—Collier
nwSipMwit
Rabbi Silver To Speak At Sunday Convo
Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver, internationally known religrious leader, will speak Sunday, December 6, at University religious convocation in Fowler Hall, at 10:30 a. m., according to' a statement issued by Prof. Lawrence Hadley, chairman of the University religions convocation committee. He is not a new speaker on this campus as he led a religious service last year. Rabbi Silver has gained international recognition through his service given in the World War and his numerous books. He serves on several national religious committees. At present he is rabbi of the Hebrew Temple in Cleveland, Ohio, the largest synagogue in the United States.
CAN you IMAGIKE
GOINGPage Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. December li 1986
Paddling In Honoraries The time is approaching when honorary initiations will be in full sway. Three such organizations. Gimlet Club, Reamer Club, and Scabbard and Blade, have in past years been noted for the brutality of their informal initiation sessions. This year it appears that this sad condition will be at least partially remedied. Comments on the anomaly of paddling those who are to be honored have long been heard. The general opinion has been, and is, that padpdling is both a poor and unwholesome means of conferring honors. While the Gimlet and Reamer clubs may insist that they are athletic booster organizations, they are rated as honoraries as well by the student body, and therefore fall well within this classification. Gimlet initiations, especially, have been noted for their heavy emphasis on paddling, although this has been cut down noticeably in the last two years. This year comes the encouraging news that the Gimlets have seen the light and have decided to keep paddling to a minimum. Perhaps when they completely remove the blindfolds from their eyes, they will eliminate paddling entirely. The Reamer Club, however, has not been especially noted for its paddling. This year pledges have been threatened with dire consequences for not showing “proper” respect to the actives. But perhaps the Reamers may follow the fine example set by the Gimlets by eliminating all or most of the paddling. Scabbard and Blade has not been connected with paddling activities, but instead puts its pledges through a long, gruelling period in which great physical exertion is required. While such activities are above the low level occupied by paddling, they are still not indicative of a high intellectual status in the organization. The progress made this year in eliminating at least a part of the physical punishment is a sure sign that campus organizations are at last beginning to live up to the high ideals they set for membership. But still there is much to be accomplished.
Survival Of The Fittest An advancement in educational training was made by the University school of chemical engineering recently when it established certain scholastic requirements in chemistry for students planning to enter that school. These new limitations, which are printed elsewhere in this issue of the Exponent, were designed to protect students weak in chemistry and who have little chance of success in that branch of engineering, but they will also prove of advantage to the students who do enter and graduate from the school. By barring poor students from admission into chemical engineering, the school will restrict its annual output of graduates and will also enhance its reputation in the eyes of employers by graduating better trained engi neers. The school thus stands a double chance of providing better jobs for its graduates and of placing a greater percentage of them, and it keeps out students who might fail to obtain employment after four or more years of training. Both the University and the student will be spared time and money spent on technical instruction that, from the viewpoint of specialized training for making a living, is at least partially wasted if the student withdraws from the institution or transfers to another school later in his sophomore or in his junior year. Credits are acquired which do not apply to graduation in other schools and the time l^ije $artue exponent Fonnded In 1888 I
t036 Member 1937 Plssocided Cbllec^cde Press Distributors of GbIIe6iate Di6esf
RBPReSENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York NY CHICAGO . Boston . San Francisco LOS Angeles - Portland . Seattle Entered as second class matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mall, $8 50 per year; delivered by cw^er, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EOrrOBUL STAFF Editor-in-chief _ W. T. Hunt Managing Editor E. H. Morris Associate Editors— K. A. Barnette, 3. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manlon, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants „ — „ W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J R, Clark, L. S Hardin. A. B. KeUer, E H. Kellogg. K. E O'Neil, C D. Sebroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance.
Bnstnees Manager— National Advertisini Locfd ij^vertising Sl. Oirenlation Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF
Manager
SPORTS STAFF L. D. Wood .. W. H. Fifleld, S R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenebain
— Nelen Creech —Jeanhe danousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke „ Betty Barnett
spent in getting the credits could probably | have been used more advantageously in following a different vocation. However, until similar restrictions are placed upon entrance into other schools of the University, these departments will be unduly burdened with a crop of students which will tend to make more pronounced the disadvantages that have been so evident in the school of chemical engineering.—R. P. M.
In Defense Of The Sweet Shop Among the students of the University there is much unfavorable criticism of “sweet shop hounds.” They are vilified with such terms as “sissy” or “lily.” If a member of a certain type of group were to go into the sweet shop to get change for a dime or to ask for a package of matches, he would be kidded about it for weeks. “Are you majoring in sweet shop?” “How do you like your SS-19 lab?” “Boy is she sweet!” and similar expressions would make his days miserable. Sweet shop frequenters would be recognized in classes by members of this group, but they would greet him with accusing eyes. No sweet shop for them. They wouldn’t drink “sissy” drinks like “cokes” and marshmallow sodas. What a narrow bunch a group of this type is! In their attempts to avoid a fancied effeminizing influence its members are missing a lot! They are missing an opportunity of meeting and knowing people of their own age and interests. They are missing chances to make contacts that w'ill be valuable to them later on in life. They are losing their ability to make new friends. But more than this—^more than these hypothetical benefits which may or may not make a lasting difference to the person who passes them by—a member of a group of this type is losing half the fun of college. True, fraternity and rooming house groups promote social intercourse, but mixing with people from other groups while respecting the group differences, enjoying contacts not afforded by fraternities or rooming houses, and being happy together with others who have so much in common, are experiences which should not be lost to a college student because of a misdirected desire to be a man’s man.—J. E. B.
Conceit The conceit of certain faculty members is amazing. It is to be expected that many of them consider themselves to be oracles; they should not be denied the privilege of wearing “arty” mannerisms or clothing so as best to show off their “charm.” But they should know when to stop. The other day, a certain instructor in giving some publicity for his department to an Exponent reported, insisted that his title be capitalized in the printed article. When the reporter informed him that such a treatment would violate Exponent style (all newspapers have “styles”), the instructor was somewhat dumbfounded. It was only after he had tried for some time to get the reporter to agree to the capitalization of his title that he surrendered. That is conceit with a capitol “C.”—J. E. B.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent wtll not assume responstbtltty for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
NOTICE, MR. RIPLEY! Believe it or itots will come and they will go, but this one concerning our own campus cops the cookies—^the other day a student entered the bowling alleys in the Union building and proceeded to roll one of the sixteen pound variety balls down an alley—^this person being rather inexperienced used a ball much too small for his fingers —^as he let go of the ball nothing happened as it should — the ball soared into the air to a point within tWo feet of the ceiling, came down on a board which separates the alleys, bounced back onto the original alley and then rolled on to knock all the pins down, giving this spellbound bowler a strike . . . SAL SCHAAF was right when she said “In and out of love at least 25 times,” but she was referring to different loves—MARY ANN KELSAY will never get her quota if she doesn’t quit taking and giving back BENNY HENSLER’S Phi Sigma Kappa pin — this proud Theta is again wearing said mentioned pm—oh well, it’s a woman’s right to be fickle ... OVERHEARD—in front of the Kappa House. MARY LOUISE HINCHMAN (Kappa pledge)—“Hey, RITCHY I Can I go to the drug store to get some alcohol?” FLASH ! FLASH ! Cary Hall Tries To Revise Constitution In their regular meeting held the other night. President McEachron and his brain trusters thought they were passing the following amendment to the Cary Hall constitution: 1. No mother shall be present in Cary Hall during quiet hours. 2. Mothers may, in the future, be required to have chaperones as they accompany their sons to rooms of said residents. 3. Visiting hours for girl friends shall be from 2 until 5 p. m. Sundays. 4. When women are present m rooms of Cary Hall there must be an odd number in the room and the door must be left open. (Ed’s Note)—McEachron must feel guilty after his escapade in the music room several days ago. There will be more tomorrow concerning this choice bit. By the way this happens to be an actual fact for once. JAMES O’HARA had a bad night of it last Friday—^his “Wild Irish Rose.” Two more pins changed hands over the week-end beside the KEL-
Alliances And The U. S. Now that Germany has more or less definitely hooked up with Italy and Japan, the alliances for the next war are rapidly coming into full bloom. The biggest question confronting major powers today is, what will the United States do ? Russia is, naturally, the object of attack of the triple alliance named above, with some of the nations in central Europe as secondary objects. Russia can, today, claim France as an ally, but it is not known whether France will keep her liberal leanings or whether the strong fascist organization there will come into power. Great Britain not so long ago leaned toward France and consequently toward Russia. But England today is slowly about facing, and now beams fondly upon Hitler and his friends. If the United States were to take up arms in the cause of fascism, victory for the Ger-man-Italian-Japanese group would be practically assured. If we were to remain neutral, of which there is a strong possibility, this same alliance would still have the advantage. But if we were to tie up with 'the Russians, the situation would become so complicated and the war so drawn-out that the final outcome could not be predicted.
We cannot tear a single page from our life, but we can throw the whole book into the fire.—George Sand.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY WARNER BAXTER ‘Robin Hood of Eldorado’ — and — FRED STONE OWEN DAVIS, JR. in “ GRAND JURY”
TODAY - WEDNESDAY 2 Big Features
GIRIS
IntroduGinf aNewScreei Personality SIMONE SIMON
with _. ^ 1 HERBERT MARSHALL RUTH CHATTERTON — Pins —
“You fellows don’t keep step with the times—I’m drinking it out of a can!”
SAY-HENSLER affair . . . Kappa JEANNE ’ HUNTER hooked an ATO pin belonging to HEXAMER ■these ATOs are beginning to monopohze the Kappas—and who cares? ? . . . except the Chi Os . . . Head waiter of WRH, BROWN romantically placed his Kappa Sig crescent upon WRHer JOAN LAFFERTY—she or he won’t possibly be able to chisel on each other now, not that they would ? ? ? ... MARS PASSES This weeks passes will be given to an energetic student who turns m the most peculiarities concerning our dear Professors. Example, Professor CHAMBERS’ continual raving concerning his wife’s delicious pies.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Peter B.Kyne*a ihtllUng drama sf the air ,, ,
With Sally Ellen ;/ Rob;prt Armstrong Frances Sage Vinton Haworth
Directed by Lew Laif ^ deta. Aaio. producer, ^ Cliff Reid RKO RADIO Picture
EXTRA SOCIAL SECURITY EXPLAINED How you will get, and how the old age benefit section of the Social Security Act affects you, is shown in detail on the screen; shows ail the important steps in the operation of the act, whether yon are sixteen or sixty. This important and Informatiye subject will interest you and help yon to understand the working of this Cemplicated law that affects 26 million workers. Added Comedy - Cartoon
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
LUMUk. Now Playing
LET YOURSELF GO
take ^?totbeyerf»
^•SlSu iP Ch RefiMMOWEN
— Extra —
PETE SMITH SHORT MUSICAL COMEDY Now Playing
FRANCHOT TO N ETuesday. P»^mbet 1.1986 THE PUEDUE BKPONEHT
fe'f
■' '-t
Drive Of Gaine
Former Purdue Fr osh ^ Stars Before Large Crowd At Glassic By P. K. Knecht Navy defeated Army in Saturday’s annual game, by a'score of 7-0, before 102,000 shivering spectators at Philadelphia. Bob Antrim, Navy back and former Purdue Student, was a big factor in the only score of the game. After Navy seemed to be pushed all over the field during the eiltire game, the Middies, with three minutes left to play, marched 73 yards to a touchdown. The march was due largely to ground gained by passing and illegal interference to passers by the Army secondary, one of ivhich Opened the door to Navy’s ,second victory in three years anfi (fourteenth in the glamorous series that began in 1890'. Antrim Stars Bob Antrim caught numerous passes all afternoon, but was really outstanding in the Navy’s final drive. His blocking and steady drive made him a season’s star. Antrim went to Purdue his freshyear. He was enrolled in the Mech^r anical Engineering School. Antrim was one of the best passers and kickers on the freshman squad. Had he stayed at Purdue, he would have undoubtedly been a big help to the Kizermen,
Boxers Prepare For Gloves Mdiches
Prom fhb sounds and sights to be fouild in one corner of the gymnasium, it looks like Purdue will be well represented when the boxing lads gather in Chicago for the Golden Gloves Tournament. Coach Maxwell* reports that several good men are out to make'the team and expiects to hand the boys from the East Side a surprise .in the form of gloved dynamite when East meete West two weeks after Christmas. The first elimination bouts will be held on December 9» with fourteen fights scheduled for the evening in addition to several exhibition rounds. All seven weight classes are well represented with
the bossiblie exception of, th& hea^weights^^^yiihere |fbl^e8(b^ ■' 'beta' lax. Coh^idefible interest hae been shown thi s year in boxingj, but there is still plenty of toom, fbr anyone Wishing to tryout. Those desiring to do sO should report to the South end of the gym at four o’clock within the next few days. All participating in the bouts on the ninth will go through weighing in cereiponies on Monday, December 7, and will receive a doctor’s examination on the afternoon, preceding the fights. The two best men in each weight division will automatically be entered in the semi-finals of the City tournament. If the Boilermaker squad keeps developing as rapidly as they have so far, the final fights on the East side which will decide who goes to Chicago, should prove to be as fast and interesting a show as has beeh offered to a Lafayette audience in some time. -
AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Protect Your Home fr Om Tuberculosis
BUY
CHRISTMAS
SEALS
TheJohnMarshall
SCHOOL
FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD
For Catalog, recommended list of prelegal subjects, and booklet, "Study of Law and Proper Preparation" address: Edward T. Lee, Dean.
COURSES (40 weeks per yr.) Afternoon—3 yrs. 5 days . . . 4:30-6:30
Evening^—4 years Mon.,Wed.,Fri., 6:30-9:20
Post-Graduate 1 year ... twice a week Practice courses exclusively.
All courses lead to degrees
Two years' college work required for entrance.
New classes form in Feb. and Sept.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chkaso
telder 8,... ....choice >eBy Bob Walpole>»->i6^
Fall passes into the background and winter is practically with ns to bring with it the regular winter sports . . . although basketbali is the big sport on the Boilermaker campus, there are several minor varsity sports that don’t always get all the attention that they' deserve . . . . included in this groug is swimming ... —fc— Coach Larry LaBree has in his group of yarsity mermen this year, abofit the best, most Well-balanced outfit of swimmers in years . led by Captain Paul Vemor,'' for his second straight year as leader of the Old Gold and Black mermen, LaBree has excellent material for every competitive event ... —^fc— '■ Six of the regular swimmers are seniors who have represented Purdue for three years . . . they are. Bob Stewart, captain of the water polo team, Ed Closson, Gordon Eerber, and Bobs IVhitcomb and Wallace . . . Closson and Whitcomb are distance men who improved rapidly during competition last year . .. Stewart, Wallace, and Vernor swim the sprints, and Larry is expecting a great deal from this trio . . .' last year Vemor tied for a third place in the Big Ten Conference 50-yard free-style . . . . Kerber is a backstroke who is expected to uphold his end of the balance of the squad ... the juniors counted upon are McCaul^, another backstroke, and Vafi Delester, who swam the breaststroke event quite successfully last year as a first year man on the squad . . . —fc— ' Tredwell and Craig, both sophomores, are counted heavily upon to carry the brunt of the attack in the dives . . . the other prominent sophomore merman is Armstrong, a sprint man, who wil} be heard from this season. . .
Net Sea^n
lening Big Turnout Expected At Opening Game
With the Season's opener just short of a week away, the Purdue squad is quickly rounding into shape. The team expected to dpen agaihst Western State December 7, in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium, will probably be picked from the following players; Jewell Young, John Sines, Jim Seward, Pat Malaska, Glen Downey, Gepe Anderson and two or three others to be chosen from the follo\ring; Harry Zink, Dale Hutt, Toin Dickinson, Carrol Mangas, Rbsg Dean; John Bruce, Joe Mihal, and Nicholas Barsha, all of whom are close up in the running. Bob Kessler, Ed Elliott, and Austin Lambert will not be back. Needles^ to say, the loss of Kessler is the most devastating. Kessler was truly a great player. However, Purdue has lost great players before and coine up with others. Regardless of how good Purdue happens to be or, how powerful its foes, the season is bound to be another interesting one. Coach Lambert teaches that kind of basketball, so everybody turn out next Monday. Let’s have an extra good showing for the opening game of the season.
TUirCHBALL if 4 -f ^ -f *f -f 4 Kaipsw KnigmU^auL , r,. Dipnwtid i, :
True Christmds Cheer., > Help to Moke OHietSf H^fbv
Tho Notional, Slot© and Local TtiBereulosis Associations of the United State's
> > 4 + , + 4 > 4 SQUASH V > ^ 4- ^ > > -f > *f ♦
—TODAY— 3:00—^Pirathon. 4:00^Sigma Alpha Mii. 6:00—Sigma Nu. 7:00r—Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8 :00—Tan Epsilon Phi.
KEYS Keys for tmnks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and paAocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, ind.
«DEA€” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
“Turn left at the mirage—”
Squash Team Loses Half Of Double Header
il-
The Boilermaker Squash Team made its first trip of the season last week-end to Cleveland, O., to win one match and lose another. On Saturday afternoon, they met one of the best teams in the Midwest when they played the Cleveland Club’s aggregation. Nervousness, together with the strong opposition, netted them a 3-2 defeat. On Sunday morning they played the Kafron Club, and having slept most of their nervousness off during the night, were successful in handing the opposition a 4-1 defeat.
SOPHOMORE CANDIDATES
All candidates for Sophomore basketball manager report to North end of Memorial Gymnasium tonight at four o’clock. —BRINSON.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
On the skilful check of the minutest details hangs life and death ... Protect against TuberciUosis by checking your health.
The National, State and Local Tuberculosis Associotions of the United States
IS VERY MUCH PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE THE APPOINTMENT OF
Lucien Jones and Gordon Matth^ as Student Representatives
These men will be contacting students and will carry with them a representative stock of goods and our large stocks of goods in both the Lafayette and West Lafayette stores are always available to these representatives.
These Men Can Be Reached By Calling Either 7712 or 5701
4 4^44 44 4 4 4 4 BASKETBALL f 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 —TODAY—
Courf l^OSicial. .Michael. 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta Eho. 7:16—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Thu Omega. 8 :26—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi'Gamma Delta. 8:40—Phi Delta Theta .vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 2—Official, Abell. , 7:00—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu. 7:15—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. 8:26—Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:40—^Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. Court 3—Offieie], Brinson. 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.. 'r:16—^Theta Xi vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8:26-7-Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa. 8:40—Pirathon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Seobee'e REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker r This is all we do, but we do it well 'Wallace Block SZKjForry St, Opposite Post Office 4
DB.A.M.IBION Dentist 119 vi Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965
THE CHILD'S HEALTH TODAY IS NATIONS HEiUra TOMORROW
CHRISTMAS iSEALS. The NotionoL State and Local Tuberculosia Associations of the United States
THE STUDENT CAF£
RECENTLY REMODELED . . . NOW SERVING C%op Sney * • • Chow Mein STEAK, CHOP AND SEA FOOD
EXPEBnasrCED CHINESB COOK DeUveryOervlce .4 » Op«ned HoqniU:MA.ll.-12:MP.M. 341 State St. Phone asie West Lafayette
1 If you want the best in
V:-
'
^uiiiis dnd Aiiiniii ,j 22 long rifle—............J27c
A iw i ' See ns
22 longs .w-,.„.;22e
SHELLS
J:
22 shorts,...„.....,....„....i7c
59c nF
SPiTUrS .. ^ , Hm
rdlware
k ■*'* •+ ’'n
i«’
/
' ,
'‘.V *■ C > ■ .7’^
iMiS
THiB i»t)hOtrE fex¥otTEi^T*
1-7- ^
sm
l-M' .
The money you save on elothes by having your garments Crown cleaned and pressed will go a long way in buying
Christmas Gifts
0 T H
Moore’s Colonial Market—220 N. Fifth street, has a alrge display of antique furniture, old china, and glass. Reasonable prices.
Learn To Dance—By enrolling in our new adult Beginners’ class Wednesday, December 2, 7 p. m.— Allen’s.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C; F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Rooms For Students — Warm, comfortable rooms, close to campus —212 Wiggins street. Phone 46384.
Learn The Late Ballroom Dances —By enrolling in our new advanced ballroom class, Thursday, December 3, at 7 p. m.—Allen’s.
NOTICES
No noti^ accepted after 8 p. m.
Women’s Shnflfleboard and Pin* Pona— Sign up on bulletin board in Women’s Gym before December 4. —MAIER.
Student Senate—Meeting December 1 at 7 :30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —MARTIN.
Alpha Phi Omega—Pledges meet in the Union in room B December 2 for test. —MERRIAM.
NVA Workers—Checks for the period ending November 10, are now available at the cashier’s office in the Administration Building. ^ —HOLLENSBEE.
Wesley Foundation—John Jung will talk at the Foundation House December 1, at 4:05 p. m., on “Buddhism.” Everybody is welcome. —McEACHRON.
W. A. A.' Members—Mass meeting December 1, at 4 p. m. Very important. —JONES.
All Unorganized Students—All interested in drama, acting, production, or writing meet ini. Tower room December 2 at 8 p. m. Present Skitshop members are asked to attend. i —WHITE.
■ Eta Beta Pi—Meeting postponed until Thursday, December 8. —FREEDMAN, McEDYEA.
Fraternity Presidents’ Uouncii—Dance committee meet at Phi Kappa Tau house at 7 p. m., November 24. —WINTER.
Union Sophomores—All sophomores out for Union or planning to come out should attend the tea dance to be held Tuesday afternoon, December 1, in the Memorial Union ballroom at 4 p. m. This is the last date for new sophomores to sign up. —SHOEMAKER.
Dolphin. Ciub—Important meeting December 2 at 4 P> m. in the pool of the Memorial Gymnasium. —STEWART.
Ceres—Meeting December 1, at 7:16 p. m. in the Union. —WARREN.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—No meeting December 1. —KELDT.
Discussion Group—No meeting this week because of Browsing Room meeting.- Usual meeting December 9. —KUEHN.
Union Workers—My committee meet..4;oday in Union office at 4 p. m. —PUTZE.
W. A. A. Dance—Any girl wishing to work at the door of the dance Friday evening, December 4, calf 7712. —JONES.
W. A. A. Decorations—Any girl wishing to w'ork on decorations for the dance report to the Playshop sub-basement any time from 1 to 6 p. m., December 1. —BROWN.
University Orchestra—All persons desiring positions in the orchestra who were not present at the last meeting must report December 1, at 7 p. m. The following are lo report for rehearsal at this time : R. Appleyard, F. Atkinson, E. Biggins, R. Fowler, V. Hart, D. Hartley, K. Hochstetler, R. Housekeeper, E. Hubbard, W. Jewett, H. Jones, M. Jones, W. Landon, L. McGaughey, W. Mast, S. Miller, W, Mertz, R. Newhouse, W. Orlowski, W. Risenburgh, E. Robertson, M. Rogers, J. Roper, J. Suardi, W. Taylor, R. Tomezak, J. Zettel. —PHILLIPS, STEWART.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Sports
At tt W. Ai A. mass meetiDg to be held this i^tertioOn at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium, mem^ bers and officers will discuss the various winter sports, and demonstrations of ping-pong, ^shuffleboard, deck tennis, volleyball, fencing, tumbling, and riflery will be given, The following, co-eds have been appointed chairmen of winter sports: Elizabeth Maier, chairman of ping-pong, shuffleboard and badminton; Frances 'Reith, chairman of deck tennis; Autumn Thatcher, chairman of volleyball; Helen Beko; chairman of fencing; Martha Walker, chairman of tumbling; Margaret Richey, chairman: of riflery; JeUn^ ette Shaffer, chairman of basketball; and Irene Boehm, chairman of bowling, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday afternoons of this week at four o’clock there Will be practice periods in all sports. The tomnaments, for which members may now sign up, will begin December 7. This is the first year that W. A. A. has sponsored a bowling tournament. Bowling, basketball, and badminton will all start in Febru-
ary.
ATHLETE'S FOOT FORMULA Will give satisfaction or your money back. ^Checks the fungus, "soothes the soreness, relieves intolerable itching. forts.One Jar 98c MED. FOOT SOAP Free Trial Tube 49c ri. G. REISNER, Student Supplies HOOK’S DRUG CO. HUFFMAN DRUG CO.
SUDDEN ^RVICE
■ 8
Ib
RINTIMG, Office Stationery.. Wadding InvItaUont
PHONE - «.l~ Book.,Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S dOBfERRp
./'-QttaUUr'FloWeni''. '''
BialaatTtli
Phtme 6050
V-S FORD TAXI CAR ' miiA iCium-iMr Isiadiainliiifttai:' Sic gar >caie«c4r eny vwt ct the dty SMl V PHONBII fi« TELioW CAB GO. .
Styled hy FREfMAN
• • .. but only the c. ginal styled by Freeman—carries the Freeman insignia. Season after season Freeman sets the fashions for the industry. That’s why this store has built a reputation for presenting the new, smart, authentic styles in men’s fine shoes.
A. B. C. Shoe Store
Alpha Phi Oinega Pledges—Get key replicas St Phi Kappa Alpha house as soon as possible. Cost 25 cents. r-SCHMUCK.
Mechanicals—Sign up for A. S. M. E. membership in G. A. Young’s office, by December 1, to make Purdue first in student branch roll call to be published in the December “Mechanical Engineering Journal.” —WELDY.
P. I. A. Dance Class—^Ali luiiependents interested in dance class, please sign up immediately in the P. I. A. office. —BUXTON.
R. O. T. C.—^Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
Agriculturist—^All freshmen, sophomores, and circulation assistants meet in office December 1 at 7 p. m. Very important. —PARKISON, BUXTON.
A. S. M. E.—^Members get copies of M. E. Journal from “Eddie” in instrument room of steam laboratory. —WELDY,
Christian Science Organization—^Regular meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m., December 1. —WILLS.
FOUNTAIN PENS AND REPAIRING ANY PEN
6 JOBS IN ONE
1. New Sack. 2. Straighten Point. 3. Adjust Feed. 4. Special Chemical Bath. 5. Remove Ink Stains. 6. Simonize Entire Pen.
All for Only 50c P. Pd.
Jobs returned same day received. We also trade pens and supply new and Used parts. iRebuilts and leftovers for sale, every make.
IVERSALPEN HOSPITAL ^93 So. Wabash Chicago
Body and Fender Straightening
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting;
AOto Body Shop
421-428 North Third ' lHiI2998
Copniglit 1930, tiooBR a Mvn# Tobacco Qk