EDITORIAL tr Laces Into Chicago Tribune
EstabUshed 1889 \
w So Long, AST’s
MERRY-GOROUHD Describes Railway Strike Threat
Volume 56, No. 69
Purdue Uniyersity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 19, 1943
Saturday Homecoming To Honor 1918 Gridders
Student Union To Sell Hutton Dance Tickets Tickets for the Union dance Friday night which is to feature Ina Ray Hutton, will be sold for $1.10 by Student Union workers beginning today. Army and navy men may buy tickets in
University To Give P/4 Will Hold Qualifying Tests At 7:15 For ASTP, Y-12 Tomorrow
INA RAY HUTTON, who will add glamour to Homecoming week-end. chow lines, and others may buy them at a desk to be placed in front of the Sweet Shop. Fraternity houses on the campus are to be contacted by Union workers, too, and the
three persons selling the most tickets will receive comps to the dance. Miss Hutton’s new all-male orchestra will play from 8:30 until 11 30 in both balhooms Poi this dance stags aie not to be ad nutted Hei new band, which succeeds an all-giil oichestra of last yeai, made its deput at the Hotel Astoi in New Yoik, wheie it bioke the season’s lecoid foi dinnei and suppei dineis Miss Hutton gives as hei leason foi switching to a male band that they aie easiei to listen to To keep fans, Miss Hutton says that she as a woman oichestia lead ei must be especially fiiendly with women of hei audience Since the woman decides upon the band foi an evening’s enteitainment, it leally pays to give them the most notice. American Legion To Elect 'Girl Worth Fighting For' Plans aie being made foi Aniciican Legion posts in each community to conduct contests to name its “Gill Most Woith Fighting Foi’’ as a pait of a Novembei campaign to sell wai bonds, it was announced today by F Dean Bechtol, state com mandei The bond selling piogiam, which oiiginated in St Joseph county, will entitle bond puichaseis to one vote foi each dollai of the bonds they buy Candidates who will paiade Novembei 11 m Legion Aimistice Day iites in each community will be enteied liom wai plants, high schools. Legion auxilliaiy units, women’s clubs, soioiities, depait ment stoies and othei gioups with the eiitiy deadline set foi Nov 8 Voting boxes will be at each bond booth, with voting to close Nov 2b and queeiis to be ciowned at bond lallies oiv Sundoy Nov 28 Second, thud and fouith lunneisup will become ladies-in waiting to the queen Square Dance Club To Meet Tomorrow Tomoiiow night fiom 7 30 until 0 the Univeisity Sqiiaie Dance Club will hold its weekly meeting in the Women’s Gymnasium Folk and squaie dances will be taught by icpiesentatives fiom all ovei the countiy Students, seivicemen and cadettes aie all invited to paiticipate 111 the old fashioned fiolic
Ad Staff
Inipuitant meeting tonight at 7’.to p m to discuss hist issue Please be theie, —GAUN'l.
Union Workers Start Community War Drive Campaign October 26 Accoiding to the announcement made by John Wooling, Student Wai Fund piesident, today Union woikcis began woik foi the Community Fund and Wai Fund Diive This new diive is to be extended foi ten days, and will be earned on by woikeis coopeiating with heads of fiateinities, soioiities, and lesidence halls to collect pait of the !i>126,121 15, Which is the budget foi Tippecanoe county foi the combined Community and Wai Fund Diive The diive was mauguiated in lippecanoc county and vaiious othei communities all ovei the countiy this week It is now in full swing and is expected to net $126,000,000 by the time it closes The local welfaie agencies which aie noimally included in the Community Fund aie combining this yeai’s diive with the War Fund, a policy adopted thioughout the United States to save time, tiies and gasoline 9! solicitois Pledge caids, which have alieady been distiibuted to the Univeisity faculty membeis and campus employees, aie to be made a'^ailable to eveiyone These pledge caids aie to be signed and letuined to Piesident Elliot’s office by Fiiday This will piove helpful foi the campaign woikeis in as much as they will not need to stop at the homes of those who have alieady contiibuted The house to house canvass will be undei way Tuesday, Octobei 2G Window stickeis will be distiibuted to each donoi at the time the pledge is made 01 gift is donated Tippecanoe total budget of $126,121 16 IS to be divided so that $69,689 will lemain heie as the county’s shaie, $6,880 of it to go to the local USO budget, and $60,558 16 to the local Community Chest Jenkins Addresses
\
Chemical Society Phaimacy Dean G L Jenkins addiessed the Ameiican Chemical Society Thuisday on the subject of “Sex Hoimones ’’ Slides wcie shown along with the lectuie which was given in Stanley Coultei Hall Aflei the lectuie Pi of R N Shieve of the chemical engineoimg dcpaitment lepoited on the council meeting of the society’s convention held in Pittsbuigh lecently Pi of P B Ciiitis ot the Agiicultuial chemistiv dcpaitment w is in (haige oi the meeting
On Tuesday, Novembei 9, the second qualifying test foi the Army Specialized Training Program and the Navy College Piogram will be given heie at the Univeisity artd at the local schools for boys, who are between the ages of 17 to 21, and are eithei lecent giaduiltes of high school 01 will be graduated before March 1, 1944 Associate Dean W A Knapp, whose office is in the Executive Building, can supply pamphlets to any student who is inteiested in taking the test Any person who has intentions to take the examination should contact his office immediately as the necessary test forms and applications must be oideied May Designate Preferences Candidates for the Army and Navy programs will take the same examination to deteimine the aptitude and general knowledge required for the program At the time of the examination, students will be given a chance to designate then preference of branches of service, but they are not obligated to enligt m that pait of the armed forces or any other one The purpose of the piogram is to allow college students to continue then academic education at the expense of the government following induction into the services If the couises aie completed satisfactorily, the student may be given a chance at officers’ training which may lead to a commission Army Go to Basic, Then College Those students selected by the Ainiy will be sent for a basic couise and return to college However, the selection of a boy by the Naval Officer Procurement leads to direct
.college detail
College students m either of these two fields will be in active duty, will be undei military discipline, and wear uniforms as well as use government provided books, hous-
ing and food
Mudball Hi there clarence 1 here where the goldbrikkin ASTP IS gettin a 15 day leave to walk em
up frum theie
depe slepe on this hear tampas Wun of em fell to slepe
wile eetin an
neerly choked to death gettiii awaik
tuf, eh Wdt.
Purdue Independent Association will hold a call out meeting tomorrow for all those interested m participating actively in the organization at 7 16 p m in the PIA office Talent is needed for such activities as planning the radio work, and a proposed independent column in the Exponent Workers are also needed in the management of business and social activities PIA plans to resume activities again next semester w^th a program of dance classes, dances and parties PIA, organized for the advancement of social life among independent students, and as an agency for closer cooperation among them, thpugh not functioning actively during this short term, has sponsored the Junior Nurses’ Aid piogram, and its own radio program of recorded music The organization has m the past provided dances, sponsored bowling and bridge tournaments, parties, picnics and a Men’s Glee Club In keeping witn the practice of the National Independent Organ ization, which has opened its membership to servicemen on other campuses, the \P I A has announced that beginning next term, it too will follow this policy Teacher Trainees Complete Courses Ceitificates were recently awarded teacher’s training couise for accelerated mathematics and advanced motion and time study These war training classes are offered free through the United States Office of Education They are planned to meet the needs of industry by training men to undei stand the work that the factories arc undertaking M W Keller and K E Hazard, professors of mathematics accelerated mathematics The couise in advanced motion and time study was under the direction of Maivin Mundel, assistant professor of industrial engineering here Nurses Will Hold Dance Tomorrow Hie student nuises of St Elizabeth Hospital will sponsor their fiist sport dance of the fall season tomorrow at St Francis College Auditorium at 14th and Hartford streets Music from 8 until 11 30 p m will be provided by lecoidings
W. H. Roberts/ Alumni Prexy Tq Introduce Team At Game Alumni will flock to Homecoming this weekend to see an undefeated University team play Iowa. Honored guests of this Homecoming will be the football team of 1918 They will watch from the University sidelines with the rest of the team, their 1943 counterpart take the-field against Iowa State. During the hal^ each member of this team will be presented to the crowd by W. Henry Roberts, president of the General Alumni Association Gasoline rationing and other transportation shortages will undoubtedly cause a great many of the grads to stay at home.
Wee Bonnie Baker State Grange To Sing For Victory Conference Varieties Saturday To Open Today
Tickets foi the fourth Victoiy Va- Seventy thud Indiana State iieties, which will be held in the Giange Session and Deputies Con-
while the stiess of war problems IS too great to allow othei s to come Nevertheless, it IS expected that many will arrange an urgent business trip to coincide with the Homecoming 01 classify a week end at the University as necessaiy to civilian morale
Grads Will Visit Classes
Giads aie expected to visit classes
Music Hall Saturday, went on sale today at the Fow- and tour their former schools on Fn
Saturday, according to J M Ragarns, assistant choral director and
lei Hotel Registration of officers and delegates, who come from all parts of the state, was held yesterday The conference officially opens with a series of roll calls and a welcoming address by the mayor of Lafayette, Dr A R Killian
day and Saturday Giaduates of the engineering schools will undoubtedly be shocked by the presence of so many women m the present day classes With the Cm tiss-Wright cadettes, the RCA’s and the /ever increasing numbei of legulai coeds that now haunt the engineering campus, the alumni might think the
Reports will be given and busi- world is going to be run by women ness IS to be transacted in the eve- One of the features of Homecomning sessions At 7 30 this evening, mg that should appeal to almost Dean Hairy J R6ed, director of Ex- every student and alumni is the tension at the University, will talk coming of a name band for the first on “Agriculture’s Responsibilities” time this yeai Ina Ray Hutton will
“WEE” BONNIE BAKER
in the Fowler ballroom
At the br eakfast tomor 1 ow mor ning Commodore W E Longfellow of the American Red Cross office in Virginia will give an address Prizes will also be awarded and officers for the coming year will be
■ elected
in charge of business for Victory ® P tomoiiow the anVaiieties They may be purchased banquet of the State Giange for 50 cents at the following stoies held in the Baptist EducaDeckei’s and Glatz on the east side, tioiial Building and will be followed and at Southwoith’s, Deac’s, the address by W G Armstrong, West desk of the Union, the music treasurer of the National Giange
Officers will be installed at the ban-
play for Friday night’s mixer Miss Hutton will be the fi^-st woman orchestra leader to play at the Uni-
versity
Saturday night the new “Victory Varieties”, featuring Milt Button’s oichestra and the \ocalist Bonny Baker will be the entertainment offered "here on the campus Engineers Will Hear C. G. Miller Lecture
office, cashier’s office, and at station
WBAA on the west side
Stars of Saturday’s program are “Wee” Bonnie Bakei, singer, an^d Dorothy Donegan, piano specialist Miss Baker is noted for the simplicity and appeal of her singing and appearance She formerly appeared with On III Tucker’s oiches tia and has popularized such songs “Oh Johnny,” “Billie” and “Good
'iPlight, Now ”
Other acts of the show will be Milt Britton and his oichestra, Mai-
tells and Mignon, adagio trio, and ^ Quinn, chief engineer of
the Five Taylor Kids, acrobats
According ro ai atewait, director dress and show a sound motion pic of musical organizations and m tuie at a meeting of the American charge of talent on the Victory Va- Society of Civil Engineers tonight iieties committee, the idea of Vic- at 7 30 in room 201 in the Civil Entoiy Varieties has been taken over gmeeiing Building
by other universities in the countiy who have V 12 or army trainees
„ , , , , Carl G Miller of the WesteiTi quet The officers and^deputies Electrical Instrument Coipoiation,
will give a lectuie at the monthly meetin gof the AIEE tomorrow
evening at 7 30
The lectuie will be on the subject of “Interesting Feature of Indicating Instillments” and will bt illustrated by an elaborate set of tianspaient instruments and a display of many small parts All students are invited to attend the meeting including the membeis of the farmed forces and engineering cadets The meeting will be held vn one of the two lectuie rooms in the Electrical Engineeiing Building Aeromodelers Will Hold Contes! Sunday Afternoon Fouith Aeiomodcileis’ club con-
conference will be held from 9 a m to 5 p m Thuisday 111 the Fow-
ler
J. L. Quinn To Address ASCE Meeting At 7:30 Tonight In CE Building
Captain Weller, Former Student, Tells Of War
Captain Russell K Weller, former University student and navigator of the Flying Fortress which earned General Dwight Eisenhower fiom the Casablanca conference to England, is back in this countiy on his fiist fill lough since joining the All Forte Veteran ol thirty bombing mis sions over enemy teiiitoiy in Eu rope, the 23 year old holder of the Distinguished Flying Cross be lieves that Germany will not be able to hold out long under the combined attacks of the RAF and the American An Force He said it was no uncommon occurrence for k foimation of Foi ti esses to have to fight oft as many as 300 Nazi pin suit planes round DifhtuU Flying Conditions On the hazaidous flight fiom Casablanca to England, the plane tai lied, in addition to Geneial Eisen howei, Geneial Eakei, officer in charge of U S aviation units based in England At one time during the flight, difficult flying conditions loiced the pilot to take the plane down to within 150 feet of the At-
lantic The ladio had failed and all flying was done entirely by instruments Captain Weller praised both of the distinguished passengers for then apparent lack of anxiety or worry In addition to taking part in many bombing laids ovei Europe, the boyish, modest navigator also served as an observer with the RAF coastal patrol and as one of the crew that transported movie come dian Bob Hope to various U S aimy camps in England He is the proud possessor of the An Medal with four Oak Leaf clusters as well as the Distinguished Flying Cross lake Mascot Along Landfall, the Scottie mascot of the Fortress that made the Africa to-Eiigland hop, has flown on fivemissions with his master. Captain Weller, who gives him credit for the good luck of the ship and its ciev\ “We iigged up a parachute and an oxygen mask foi him He even had his own runway in the plane ” Captain Weller added that many ot the pilots cany good luck cliaims of vaiious kinds to ward oft
The picture is entitled “The Ominous Arms Case” and is a diama-
tized presentation of the dangers of test will be held in the Field House poor connections in watei works fiom 1 to 4 p m next bund ly aftei-
and plumbing Quinn will discuss noon
the same subject All interested Anyone wishing to enter the constudento are invited to attend test is eligible to do so if he has Following the showing of the mo eithei a hand lauiuhed glider oi a tion pictuie, the monthly meeting of guideline plane as these aie the the ASCE will be held, with plans two types ot models that will be for the next semester being dis- featured in this contest
cussed Guide line planes are itt iclied to any mishaps He himself cariies a The motion picture to be shown lines and arc grs powered rabbit’s foot a four leaf clover, and at the meeting will be given this niodels The plane travels in a cii a lucky silver dollar afternoon by Quinn before a group around the person holding the Captain Weller was wounded dm- of army and navy students in Pro facilitite control ing the Lille raid, which he con- fessoi W E Howland’s sanitary ^^e models the guide lines are sideis the most difficult mission in engineering course Professor How- attached to a lever inside the plane, which he has had a part An ex- land is a member of the Civrl en- the motor ana hue ol (light are
ploding cannon shell knocked him gmeeiing staff ot the University
University Experiences
15 feet fiom his gun station, but his only injury was a cut on one leg fiom a shell fragment After his plane, named “We the People ” had fought oft seven Ceiman fight eis. Clew membeis voted to try to make it back to England instead of bailing out, although there were
Housemothers Meet With AWS Board
easily managed by the (lici Entry Fee Will Be IiftN tents Entry fee for the event will be
fifty cents, and balsa and hardwood gliders of any size will be eligible in the glider event There viill be cash prizes given to the winners of the contest tor gliders and to the
Associated Women’s Students persons whose planes display the
several cannon holes big enough Judicial Board will meet with house most speed ol the eoiitiolled planes foi a man to crawl through in the mothers Wednesday at 3 p m m Tomorrow night the club will hold fuselage of the ship ” the West Faculty Lounge ol the election of officers for the eiisiung
Soldiers Disturbed About Strikes Union to discuss iiiles and legula- teim American soldiers and air force tions of AWS Lois Veit president ^
personnel in England, according to et AWS and chairman of the board bOOk
Captain Weller, get “pietty well "’*^1 preside over the meeting
wrought up” over news of str'kes Letters informing the hoiisemoth Niunbei 4 will be issued next in the States “The boys over there eis of the meeting have been sent week October 25 to oO in the Union aie more than eager to do then to people housing one or more eo every afternoon troiii I p m until pait, get it over with, and tome eds who ai„e not town giils Changes 5 p ni foi University students home, they find it pietty hard to in the rules and legulations and Those applying for the new book believe that people back home will sing-out sheets will be the special are required to bring Book nuniiber hamper that same job ” topic of the session 3 when rpplyiiigV
Pt!igS2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, October T9, T943
Purdue Exponent combined with Plirdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Unton^ Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor Bu*?ino‘»s Mnnfljrrr Editor Mftnnirmir 1 ditor bporis Edilois
EIIir Miirplo Marv Dilt*? William H T>son ( nrohn Wilbur K^^mond I Smith Kusscll M Lipcs
A^^ociafr Tdifors GrotnO Ackcrnnii Service Staff AT Tack Marlirt 1
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Tack AUnft Ruth M lord Madelyn A r Kithard M ir^nj I \ Skilcs I imc*^ in letter r I ncl Elus Leo 1 nedman
Business Staff
Adrcrtiainjr MnnnsrcT t T Cinnt AFcisfant Ad%crliFinp Manager I3ctt> Mnney Circulation Manaifcr R G Smerman
Staff For This Issue Niglif I dttor SteffoH Sports Editor B Garher Citv Editor Richardson Day Editor Ford Issut rdiiir Georgeson P Rich r t 1 R C1 ^,ci "S nt,nr T u 11 rp I Kn 1 too \ 1 ij, I Dinhnn 1 G irbci Sjm 1 St ml rj Staff I holograplipr W ( Tolbcr
Reporter Gnu t1 \S Jltim r n
Entered ns stcot d class matt r at the post office In Lafay ettt Indian! ni r the act ff C n^ress of March 3 1879 and at the pctinl i ite of pjsti^o iro\idod for in section 1103 net f Oc ei 3 19] aiilhonrecl Tanuary 20 1922 Puhli bed on i'ii-sda\ Th irsdav ind Saturday mornings dur inp th ^ca eei ( c rt in \ iciton pcnols Delivered daily bj carriLr f ir '^1 w t r a stm stci ly mail for $1 60 for a F nitst r S il cm tioi m \ b olt lined at the Exponent office (f t the ‘=t Dcsl of the Union Represented for r itionil advertising by National Advertis mg SeiMce Inc Collet,© Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Aa e New \oik N Y
W/iat Price Vicious ness . . . Odcc in 1 ^cntul^ a school leccives the kind of compliment all institutions of highci learning stine to win It happened this past Sundas when McCoimick’s senomous Chicago Tiibune laced into Pm due on its fiont page We has c ad seen the caitoon, and sve lead svith pleasiuc the caption, “Pm due says Wai is helpful ’ hecausc ss e knosv that, svith this gestuie, senile McCoimick has put us in excellent compan> Had the ( hicago Tiibiine ciiticized oiu football team on the spoils page sve svould not be so pioLid of om lecoid, but then hasnng hit us on the tiont page caiton is sshat gladdens us '-0 In that caitoon all cffoits to save Amen can liscs bj planning foi peace has e been iidiculcd In that space, a conceited anti-svar moiale piopaganda campaign is conducted dads In almost cveiy is‘-ue, the most humane, icah^tic and Ameiican piactices base been mi icpicscntcd in Hpical liibunc tiipc We in Pm due aie glad that sse have leached the statuic of such impoitant issue, Had the Chicago Tiibune piaiscd us in this distinguished space, oui humiliation svould base been gieat In the same way that sve ssould lesent piaise liom Hitlei, sve svould has^e 1 ejected appiosal by McCoimick Obviomlv the Tiibune does not undeistand this mechanism, foi it succeeds seiy svell in being one of the publications most often quoted and piaised Hitlci’s piojiaganda machine The seis natuie ot McCoimick ciiticism Ilattei s us deeph By accusing Pmdue ofqii ofiting flora the ssai, he is, no doubt, luliiig us out ol the United blates foi helping to svin thiswai Obsiouslyan^ institution that contiibutes to the ssai eftoit is, in the McCoimick lingo, Lin Ameiican Thcie could be only one s\<n to cm i> the fasoi ot the Tiibune by obstiucting the piogic^s of the ssai Theic is oiils one ssaj to be smr that one is doing his bit toi his countly and foi the lives of the Amci lean lios s s\ ho ai e fighting this svai, that IS to bo ciiticized b^ the Tiibune Wo base learned thn by ssatching the fate of the gieatest men ol oui countiy. Republican, Heniociatic and Socialist alike svho base been sulijcclcd to the (s il ci liicism of a waipcd editoi lal pohc\ M(C oimick has juit us in the cxcelJciit (oinpans ol that honest and siiiccie ^tandaid btaui ot inogie^'-iseRcpulihcanism, Wendell Willkic M illkic has been iiiled out of the Rcpuhlican jiaity In McCoimick (who thinks hr own, tin COP) loi showing that he 1 moK JiitcMstcd m Anidican welfaie than 111 the iicj\()trd Na1i\e Pascist ot Nazi Na-tionalj^-m 'J he 11 ibunc has put us, too, in the comiiain ot ''I honia^ Dfwc\, that honest Rcjjublican jiublic sen ant, toi lecently showing that hr too jiirfeiied to plan leaksticallj loi woHd coopcialion lalhci than spill Ameiican blood coiiiinualh m oidci to pieseive an Arnciican ioim ol Nazi-Nalioiidlism In the same nsue in which wc weie so nialignantU ciilici/id theic apjicaied a t>picalU UK sj oinible attack against the Rhodes Scholai'- B\ continualh i cpeating misleading iniK ndoes, the Iiibime has been seeking to jiaint the gical Rhodr Scholai s (whose only enrm ha, b( en then dexolion to knowledge and tiuth) as jiuneyois ol Biitish naughty naujditMsrn UnioHunalclv the Ti ibune read ersaieiKNd intoiined thatSyhestci Vieieck, who wa^ recdith put in jail loi uiiAniei ican actiMtio'-, conducted a \cn similai attack against the Rhodes Scholai s in tin hi st Woild Wai Unloitunalely, the "Iiibunt icadeis aie JKWd allowed to lealize that theie is a conhi'^tentpatteinoi anti-wai obsti uctiomsm and
VMSUIKSTOH liiEtiRV-CO-lidijlS •y DREW PEARSON White House Worried Over Strike Threatened By Rail Men; Wife, Disbelieving, Refuses Insurance WASHINGTON—A &tiike feituation which looks almost touffhei than the coal dispute is woilying the Picsident’s laboi advisers It IS the seething condition of both the non-opeiat mg lailioad woikeis (cleiks, telegiapheis, machinists and white collai woikeis), also the opeiating lail men (cngineeis, fiiemcn, switchmen, conductois, tiainmen). They fall m diffeient categories, but both aie equal m then smouldering resentment against Washington Iheii ttmpcis aie chiefly against Judge Fled Vinson who, as Economic Stabihzei, is the Piesident’s hatchet man foi keeping down puces, wages and inflation Tough Pied Vinson, foimei Kentucky Congiessman, is a man who when he says “No”, means.it Today he has stuck his foot in the path of a wage boost of 8 cents an houi foi non opeiating lailioad workeis Willing to let the lowest paid woikeis get 8 cents an hoLii mole, he is not willing to peimit this laise in the top bi adepts Weanwhile, Vinson’s boss in the White House has told Geoigc Haiiison, chief of the Railway Cleiks, that he appiovedh stiaight 8 cents an houi inciease Despite this, Vmson has stood his giound, and the Piesidcnt so fai has cithci not daied oi not wanted to ovciiule him Rail Si-rike? Simultaiieouslv aiiothci lail iiagc dispute has arisen (o plague the While House 'I he “operating” lailiodri men, seeking a wage boost of 32 cents an hour, have been an arded only 4 cents an hour by an eineigcncy wage boaid 1hc\ aic leally soic On Octobei 22, then representatn'es will meet in Chicago to decide what action to take The ‘operating” rail men are not sole at Judge Vinson, because privately he has OK’d this 4 cents an houi increase They aie sore at the emeigoncy wage boaid, and will probably demand tliat the President appoint a new one to consider the matter all over again Meanwhile, with the nation behind Vinson in opposing inflation, it remains an unfortunate fact that the lailroads aie losing men to wai industries This IS one reason foi wiecks Railway machinists get 96 cents an hour while machinists in shipyards get as high as $1 60 an houi So the railroads can’t keep their
men
High Diplomacy New light has lealced out on why Wai Shipping Admmibtiatoi Lew Douglas lost out on the job of Undei secietaiy of State, in favoi of Ed Stettmius Douglas happened to tell his fiiend New Yoik Times coiicspondent Aithui Kiock that the fiist thing he would do as undeisecietaiy would be to file Hull’s duel pet Jimmy Dunn plus Assistant Secietaiy Adolf Belle , Kiock immediateh told his State Depailment filends \ hcieupon Dunn and Belle went into a hud die with Secietaiy Hull I inally Hull decided Douglas might be too hot to handle Ameiica Fiifet Ibolationism in the policies of the Tiibune We expect some day to be lead out of the
ices
“Certainly you can be proud of Daddy—even if he was a ‘nonessehtiar father “
University Calendar Tuesday, October 19
G 15P M 6 30 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 GOP M 3 00 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 12 00 noon 4 OOP M 7 00 PM 1 00 PM 5 30 P M 7 00 PM 7 30 P M 9 00 P M
AAUP Dinnei Meeting Alpha Kappa Lambda Meeting Pi Kappa Phi Meeting ASCE Meeting Home Ec Club of Tippecanoe Co
H E Cafeteiia Room 302, Union Room 355, Union Room 203, C S Building Room 263, Union
2 30 PM 5 00 PM 5 00 PM 7 00 P M 7 SOP M 8 00 PM 8 30 PM
Wednesday^ October 20 AWS Judicial Housemotheis’Meeting W Fac Lge , Union Phi Kappa Psi Meeting Room 303, Union AIEE Meeting Room 254, EE Building Thursday, October 21 Meeting of Ind School Bus Diivers Eliza Fowlei Hall Committee on State of Univeisity Room 263, Union Illustiated Lectuie—Synthetic Rubbei Eliza Fowlei Hall Friday, October 22 Chinese Student Inteiviews Room 261, Union Ross Ade Diiectois Room 263, Union Scivice Show (seivice men only) Hall of Music Ross-Ade Foundation Membeis Room 263, Union Dance:p-Ina Ray Button N & S Balliooms, Union Saturday, October 23
HOMECOMING
Pootball—Iowa Ross Ade Stadium Pi Kappa Phi Get togethei Room 261, Union Reamei Club—Smokei Room 263, Union Phi Sigma Kappa Alumni Room 261, Union Victoiy Vaiieties Show Hall of Music lau Epsilon Phi Danee Chaptei House Sigma Alpha Mu Dance Chaptei House
Term lilE's and AE*8* It is time for you to begin having employment interviews Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office i 1 Interview procedure sheet, 2 Company hdt 3 Requfesi for Iti^bview ’ ^aids 4 ‘'Confidential Faculty Recommendation” f6rm Watch bulietitt boaird aild Expdheril for Ihtervifew notices ’—BOLZ Students Any student who Wishes to woik for the Reg^istrar during the registration for the November Term November 5 and 6 1943 will please leave his name at the desk in the Rei^istrars office —SI ONE Attehtiah, Advattcied T *b If you pur phased An AujIcUst 1943 Debris please cotne to the Debris office to receive your copy —GRAUMlilCH Acroniodelcrs Ptregine Bolls Du Waldt contact me Phone 36202 —CRIST ROTC Men There will be a meeting of the ROrO Friday evening at 7 30 at the Scout hall in Lafayette —JONES Sigma Alpha Eilsilort Meeting in room 30 i every Monday at 7 30 p m All service men on campus please attend —JONES Pi Tau Sigma Informal initiation Tuesday October 19 7 30 p rrt Everybody be there Formal initiation Wednesday October 20 4 30 p m Coats and ties will be in ordei —EVANS All E E Students AIEE meeting Wednes day October 20, at 7 80 C G Miller of the Weston Meter Co will speak on Inter esting I acts About Indicating Instrun^ents Everyone is welcome to attend
—SMITH
^|gma Delta Chi Meeting in Exponent office Friday Oct 22 at 6 p m —MURPHY SCA Board meeting will be held lues day Octobei 19 at 30 p rii in SCA office —BURKHER Gilder Club Regular meeting will be held in Bast Facility Lounge at 7 10 p m Tucs day October 10 -SCIIROEDER Di Kappa Phi Meeting will be held in room T69 of the Union Tutsday October 19 at 7 p m —CRAVEN Engineers Monthly meeting of American Soeut> of Civil Engineers will be held to night at 7 30 m room 201 of the Civil Building Motion pictures and talk by J L Quinn state health cngincci —freiTag Triton Members Meeting today at 7 13 p m in Womens Fvciybodv bkasc come —VOGELSANG Acromodelcrs Impoitant meeting Wednes day October 20 at 7 30 p m m room. 80 of the Union —CRlS'h Dolphins There will be a meeting for all actives m loom 104 of the Ficldhouse on Thursday October 21 at 13 p m Initia tion will be held Sunday Octobei 24 at 2 30 p m Pledges must have 1 cktr loonl cotn pleted and hive ill icquued olipits al the Fieldhouse by that time —MURPHY Owen House Takes Ward Softbaf! Title The Owen House defeated (^ncle Pines 6 5 Thuisday evening to claim the title of Waid Softball champion The winneis tied the scoie m the last of the fouith to caiiy the game into an extia inning when they scoied two additional inns to save the game foi the second time Ciicle Pines defeated International House G 3 to leach the finals and the Owen Plouse defeated Roch dale in the piecedmg game 29 1 un del the supeib no hit pitching of Cecil Evans
If %
Classified
Ads
Typewriters* Adding macninen, all inBkee sold rented repaired and purchased Mitneograph work done C J Ebctsholl, 606 Mhihi
Lafayette. Phone 2779
M»n*^ laiikns On idiamottias, whtthiSl, guns luggage, typewriters Albert 6 Logn
Office, 407 Oohimbin'
Wanted—:^urduc sludenlfl to work iliulre day and Saturday evenings as waiters Eifpcrienec not necessary Good pay and sbbrt hours Itlks Club Apply Frank Lenlhan , Lost—On golf iourse bdtw6oA ffi^t and Sixth holes lady 3 fliaWiond ring Half-carat sduabc cut silvcb setting Barbara Wells
8413 Eqom 277 He wai d ^
Found—Black white trilnmed Roadmastor bicycle Serial number F12613 Phone 5021 Wanted—Coed to share home and iVork with mother and two children for lOoin and board 6849 ,
Lost—Blue Evershai p waid
Lost—Brown gabardine jacket Call 2673 Phillips Reward
Call 46973 B«-
zillBer
WBAA Schedule Pfofessors To Hear
lealm of United Nations by McCoimick foi, in Tuesday the same space m which we weie slandered.
11 0011 toll )0-
12 0012 30 12 551 001 la1 30-
1 1
the Tiibune daily libels our two most valient allies, Bi itain and Russia Gieat Britain committed hei gieatest sin against Tribune policies, wc know, when she took a teirific bombing m the eaily stages of the war and came back to deal out a double dose of Anti-Nazi desti uction Ol this the Ti ibune does not talk; instead it seeks non-existent issues, giabs at isolated instances and puffs them up to misleading distortions Why*'’ Because Great Biitain is an able partnei in the wai against
Fascism
And Russia, who is fighting the bulk of the Geiman Aimy, who has made our victories in Aliita and Italy possible, Russia, too, is continually lambasted by McCormick In issue after issue, divisive cai toons and editorials aie punted to cieate Anti-Russian feeling Why' To inluie morale We know that Russia cannot fight two wais at one time. We know that oui military geniuses have decided to keep Russia out ot the fight with Japan until Hitlei IS beaten, foi Japan could not last
‘-1X months against the entire world once the Wednesday
majoi paitnei ol the Axis is destroyed But the Tiibune leadeis never leain that, because that would inciease their wai morale and then
conhdence in oui military leaders
We know fiom the company in which we have been lumped why McCormick has attacked us on his front page We are training men who will go out better piepared to lead the final diive against the Nazis We do not think McCormick likes that We are an institution ot higher learning m which people learn to think independently College students leain to undei stand issues, to see through McCoimick’s technique ol misleading inuendoes, and not to fall foi an unacceptable doctiine of Tnbune Nationalism merely because Dick Tiacy IS still m the maiket foi love McCoimick cannot like that Puidue is a public institution that welcomes scholai s all over the woild and does not chaige prohibitive fees We make education available to all who can pioht liom it Ceitainly the Tiibune cannot
like that demociatization of education
We legiet that so many honest Republicans should expose themselves to the Tiibune distoitions We aie Republicans, Demociats, An^f leans heie But we are not McCoimick-
ite^ or JTi ibunites Thank heaven.—g e.
10 10—Newb
10 4-)—Smile Timt
•I istcn While You Work
M isit
Puiduo News
News
■I* arm 11 rum Meet the Band
Ntu
H m<mak rs Clil V Lcrr> Mu le X •Adventures in Rcseiieh i
M rketo
1 55—News 1 OU bloiy a Da\ I in Sj mdet > 1 — Ircasuiv Star laiade 2 30 Ireabure Chest
5) News
5 00 AfUrioon Mel dies ' \ 15 Mubie 3 30—Musical Varieties i 5 News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 1 30—Just Rel IX
4 55—
0 00 Little Miss MulTett
) 15 Mu 1C
'' 30 Vtspcis
4) Mu le
( 00 Minute of T ra\ci 6 01 Dinnei lli ii
b 65 News
7 00—^Between tht Headlines 15—1 ood ff i Ih light ” jO—Wc Ha\c Met the Fnemv 4) Rrpoit to the Ptoilc
^ 00 News
8 00 Avird Mitehcll pianist 5 1 Pniade <f Bubiiuss ^ 8 iO 1 rom tl e Press Box
8 4r—Musie 8 56—News
) 00—Musicnna ) 30 Anything I ut bwinu
) o5 Nl^^s
iO 00—Off the Air
t
10 30
10 I
11 00 n ro 11 r)> 12 00 12 10-
1 lull 1
Nev
Smile lim<
Wnl 1 V liti 1 Di Imdiu N(\\s
News
I aim Foium
Meet the Bund
1 55 N ws
1 00 Hnncniaktrd Club
1 15—Music
1 30 P irent I oi um 1 4o Maikcts
1 5o—News
00—Stoiy u D ly ? 15—noisuiy Stai lu adc
2 10 Muhle
2 45 Ridin Camel a Club
2 J^--Ne\^S
1 00—I e ind Hei Pi i 1 1>—lljest We Forget 1 0 —Musie il Vaneti
1 55—Ntwh
1 00—Tea limt lun s 4 30— Tust Relax
4 6)—News
^ 00 I ittle Miss M ideit
5 15—Music 5 10 Vcbiurs
> 4r Spoils R vj u ■Minute ff Pravci
Dinnei lioui
Nc\\ R
" 00 Plans loi Ptaee 7 la—Music 10 Ruth Uilbt n Bin ti 1 —Music 7 5r News 8 00—Self ntihe Neu s 8 15—Ld Memmer pianist 8 10 Misie S 46 Lventide Lehots 8 55 Ntws ) 00 Musicana ) 30—Anythiiif But Swirip ) ''6 News 10 00 Off the All
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
J. N. Arnold Tonight Membeis of the Ameiican Asso ciation of Univeisity Piofessois on campus will hold an open meeting tonight at b 15 p m in the Home Economics cafeteiia “leaching Loads” is the subject of a speech to be given by Piofessoi J N Ainold of the Geneial Engincciing Depaitmont Reseivations foi the dinnei aie closed, all students aie welcome to
theh meeting
Professors To Hear J. Arnold Tuesday Ameiican Association of Univeisity Professors will hold an open dmnei meeting in the Home Eco nomics Buildings at b 15 p m , to day Piofessoi J N Ainold of the genci il cngineeiing depaitment w ill speak on the subject of a teaching load formula Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Sigma Phi Epsilon national social fiateinity, announces the election of the following officeis Pfe Geoige Slatei, piesident, Goidon Gilfoid vice piesident, Ed Shmitt secietaiy, Robeit Manfeld pledge mastci, Noiman Wilkes, lush chaiiman, and Pfe Tom Montgomeiy, social chauman Dr. Cecilia Schuck past piesident of the Indiana State Dietetics Association and now in chaige of nutiition woik at the Univeisity, will attend the Waitime Confeiencc of the Ameiican Dietetics Association to he held m Pittsbuigh on Octobei 19, 20, 21 and 22 Hei pimcipal puipose in at tending this annual confeience is to find places foi nutiition students in hospitals
uinii«Ttt TODAY and TOMORROW
Personnel Notfes Cohipanics scheduled to visit the campus* Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken, N J—October 25. Intel ested in ME, EE^ f General Aniline & Film CorppiiAtion, Easton, Pennsylvania—October 26. Interested in B S , Ph D. Chemists. j Shell Development Co., EmeiyVille, Cal —Octobei 25 Intel ested in Physical Chemists, Gh E. Union Oil Of Chljfornia, Los Angeles, California—To be announced. Interested in Ph D Cheipist^, B S , M,S , Ph D Chemical Enjgihpgl's. Hamilton Standaid Propellers, Division of United Airciaft Coip, E Haitfoi’d, Conn.—To be announced Intel ested in ME, A E , EE, CE Merck And Co., Rahway, N J — November 11 Ihteiested m ChE, Chemists, (B S , M S , Ph D ) Companies scheduled to visit the camps for men in ASTP (Teims 5 and 6), NCTP (Terms 7 and 8) Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co, Akron, Ohio—Thursday, October 21. Interested in M.E, C E, P.S.E., Ch.E Seagram Officials Lecture On Riibbi^r Thuisday evening at 8 p m in Fowlei Hall, H Fiedeiick Willkie and Di Kolschov, Seagiam company officials, will lectuie on the nianufactuie of synthetic lubbei fiom alcohol made fiom faim giains The lectuies, sponsoied by the Indiana Faim Buieaii and the local chambei of commeice, will be open to the public Di Kolschov is Seagiam’s chief chemist On Thuisday, Willkie, who is the biothei of Wendell L, will addiess the Lafayette Iviwanis Club on the industiial tiaining pio giams to speed the wai pioduction Membeis and officials of Faim Buieaus m neighboimg counties have been invited to the meeting
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Slieet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
fa (11
LUfelA TODAY and TOMORROW ChevdjUL Chaplin, in his new comedy The Great dictator — with — PAULETTE GODDARD — PLUS — IT'S MAD IT'S MERRY! GOOD MORNING, jUDGE — wiMi —' DENNIS O'KEEPE LOUISE ALLBRITTON MARY BETH HUGHES
MAftf TODAY and TOMORROW
NELSON EDDY SUSANNA POSTER ClAUlDE RAINS EDGAR HARRIER lE-O CARIilUO JANE PAKRAR ) bclwf. d BROMBbRG FRITZ Ft ID HUME CRv I'ilN CAST OF THOUSANDS
With LAIRD CREGAR Uno,O’Connor Alan Mowbray Melville Cooper Fronkiin Pongborn
I)
ir
» I
f T
^ til i
» Il
* M
w * if # f t t I t 1 t
Arm% Niivy, Wews
^ si,i«
QofoMr J9,„194^ i4y"»ini*i»i firnii [iMi ■Iia.i>i...i.fci.i.i.mii<iiiii nfitim i.nii
F^^t Stii^iee Men, By Service Men
PamJSi
pbd^ar Will Bflet I ;AST Patter nV-12ToRecdve9-Dayled>^6 Cv.' ^ * 'By T/6 Morris Better J #
Before Winter Semester
pillions To Service Men !,t Pi'yor^ representative of the ipoodyear Tire and Rubber
'6(itn^hy will pay a special visit'to the campus Thursday for •t|ie purpose of interviewing fifth and sixth semester army and ^^vepth and eighth semester navy and marine men with re-
IPpiit toPifiployhieht after the end of the war, according to W,
-SvVogier, pead of the tJniver- - —^
Sliy Personnel Service. opportunity to get advice from ' According to, the announce- these men as well as representatives lij.' ^ • • of the concerns themselves through meiit. Priors company is in- ,„tervlsws. in aiechaldcal, civil -.c„„pany representatives,” said 'Service ^nd chemical yogler, “say that the University ^Ifipj^eVs. Ihtfefested men are re- persortnal servyje is the best organto sign for interviews at the ijsed of any in the country. Reprep^WOhnfel office iotated on the sentatives of over 700 industries 'floor of the Executive build* scheduled between 8000 and 10,000
interviews with the senior class
Aphoditt^ttlehts to AtJpear members of last year.”
V Announcements of this and sittiiidt’ Visits by company personnel t«lgyes(^ntativ6s will appear in the Ol^umn headed Personnel Notes
#|lyi
^ ’iyith this ahnouncement, the plan fgr making the University personnel sejfvioe available for service men goes into effect. Due to the enthu-
ai?^sm of mdUstriai concerns for Servicemen with time op their cgtttact with army, navy and marine impending furlough,
ei^meers in college, and the real- ^
iahtiop by the companies that the
manuscripts, may
sOMTice group may come to be the opportunity to cash in on
ODly source of trained young men
Service Men To Enter $10,000 Prize Prose
Writing Contest
same.
MacMillan Company, New York publishers, are offering $10,000 in
, ,, .... a prose writing contest for seiwicefor the specific purpose of intei- ^2500
in any quantities, representatives of mhny manufacturers have scheduled special trips to the University
vifeiying service men, Not Offered Positions
After an interview, service men
prizes for the best novel and work of non-fiction, and general awards totaling $6000. Entries close De-
will not be offered positions with cember 31, but may be submitted companies immediately but if the either as completed manuscripts or ihterview is satisfactory, will re- as unfinished manuscripts with ceive conditional offers for positions synopses of the plan of completion, after the war. Entrants must be between 19 and Siace at the present time no com- 35. pany can tell what the needs of in- Possibly simpWr, and carrying a dustry will be at the end of^the war, total of $1250 in prizes, is a contest it ife not feasible for a prospective being conducted by the National employee from the armed services Theater Conference, of Cleveland, to enter into a definite agreement p^j^es in separate classes are ofwith a company. However the per- fered for long plays—one to two sonnel aei’vice by this plan hopes to hours; short plays—^20 to 40 minprovide a contact between men now ^tes; skits and blackouts -—one to in the armed services and industry minutes; long radio plays—■ which will enable them to obtain a about 28 minutes, and spot scripts, good position, suited to their train- exceeding seven minutes. Beading, with the greatest facility after ij^g on this one is Dec. 1.
the war.
Present Program Explained Under the present personnel program, all men in advanced engineering are being intei viewed by the personnel representative in their particular school. As a result of the close contact ktept between the personnel representatives of each school and industrial concerns, service men have the
O'Hara Will Dired RurSI Youth Clubs
Warren O’Hara, county agricultural agent in Hancock county, has accepted a position in the education depaitment of the Indiana Farm
Buieau, effective Jan. 1.
M£N IN SERVICE
PROTECT YOUR CASH
DESIRABLE PRECEDENT , The custom of making formal declarations of war has been out of fashion since 1931. The only reason Great Britain a4id United States ever got around to it because they’re juSt Old fashioned that Way. In light of this, it was right fine of Italy to get around to do a little wai’-declaring of her own this past week. She really didn’t have to. Nobody demanded it. Nobody expected it of her. As long as she didn’t play with that bad boy from across the Alps anymore and didn’t get into the Allies’ way, everyone would have been satisfied. It would have also spared us the difficult decision of whether to consider Italy as an Allied Nation, a co-belligerent or just a. friendly enemy. Her declaration, however, do^B give her the distinction of being the first nation in this war to declare it twice and have all the nations as both friend and foe. It also sets a desirable precedent in that Japan and Germany may now try and see Which can be first to declare war on the other. There’s a limit on hoW far this thing can go, though!
—oOo—
FROM WHERE I SIT Both sensitive artists, Draper and Adler convinced their MH audience last week that they could be regular fellows as Well. When they found that they couldn’t pull the audience up to their level, they rolled Up their sleeves, so to speak, and came down to the audience level. Even the noodnik behind me who spent two-thirds of his time rumbling about the “long hair” nature of the program^ mUst have gotten aroUnd to ehjoy the performance.... In talking with him, Draper, by any odds the harder worker of the two, proved, also, that he was a socially conscious individual. He revealed an intense curiosity about the scope and purpose of the ASTP and was quite pleased when I informed him that the program encompassed language study and that political science was part of the language curriculum. “A lot of trained meh are needed in the AMG”, he said. . . . Another insight into the man’s character is provided by a favorite story he brought back from the Arctic. The yarn—worthy of GI consumption—is about the visit his party, which included two women, made to an isolated and snowbound outpost. The men hadn’t seen a woman for eons and eons and to honor the occasion, they constructed a special “powder room” for the girls. Al^ concerned were properly impressed by the gesture. When the group left, so Draper reveals, the outhouse was torn down and the two seats Were reverentV and prominently hung at headquarters—thus consecrating the visit.
—oOo—
ZERO HOUR Saturday will be Homecoming Day (and how) in more than one sense of the word. While a number of AST-ei’s, by virtue of their theatrical or clairvoyant talent, will be departing tomorrow, the great exodus will take place Satdy. Details such as getting ration coupons and RR tickets along with problems concerning the validity of some of the addresses in the little black book or whether to take that heavy GI o’coat are being huriiedly attended to in the meantime. The dog-faces have been champing at the bit since October 2 which was the original closing date for the term, if you remember. For some this will be the first ’lo in a long time whjle for others it’ll just be plain old first. In either instance, precious little time will be lost in departures from the campus as the men scatter for points as distant as Texas, Oregon and California. The rest, it seems, are going to New York. Every moment counts and there’s lost time to be made up for, so—mach’s gut!
—oOo—
ODDS ’N’ ENDS When they were graduated from the University in 1935, both were cadet captains in their ROTC class. Today, Captains James Howard and Samuel Naismith are back on the campus and, until recently, both were officers in Company “C”. Naismith is now CO of the newly-formed Company “F”.... If you’re a cigar smoker, it’ll pay you to hunt up T/5 Bernard Uriel and/or Pvt. Arthur Lifferth. Of ^ourse, you will have to listen to some stories about their newly-arrived daughter and son, respectively. Looks like there might well be some signifiance in YANK’S blurb about the 645,000 pregnancies attributable to EM. . . . Seems silly to mention it, but as a matter of policy and for the benefit of any who may be around this weekend, here’s what’s cooking on the Campus: Ina Ray (always thought she was a blonde) Hutton will make music for dancing at the Union on Frinite. If you prefer a movie (you clear a buck-ten on the deal) there’ll be “Salute to the Marines” as the service feature at MH. What’s more (don’t quote me) Ina Ray MAY be there for a special show for the boys. On Satdy, it’ll be Iowa’s turn to recover Boilermaker fumbles and, in the evening, the 4th edition of Victtwry Varieties looks like promising entertainment. . . . Time again for CSMO and, may I add—Godspeed! Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Soldien To Obtain Certiticates For Completing ASTP
It was announced several weeks ago that Captain Bartley desired all hands in the V-12 program to have a nine-day leave from Wednesday, Oct. 27» to Thursday, November 4. This corresponds to the vacation which all civilian students will take at the same time. Meanwhile the question was raised as to whether senior students who are now completing their last , ‘ »' term at the University will be ' They Know allowed to take the nine-day
Certificates will be awarded to all ^ tribute to Ferdinando Esteve leaVe or Will be ordered imsoldiers Who successfully complete and Jose Villanova! These two vet- mediately to Midshipman's
their prescribed work in the Army erans of the Spanish Civil War were School
Specialized Training Program at Allies to cross the -xt j -l, • , the University according to a re- strategic Volturno river in Italy. received cent War Department announce- Once again these heroes of democ- Naval Headquarters
_ racy risked their lives in the battle whether V-12 seniors who
Since in the opinion of tjje ASTP gf ^^g against Fascism. complete their last term on Tuesadvisbry committee, comprised of gg^jj jggg ^nd Ferdinando partici- October 26, will be allowed to the presidents of ten leading uni- p^^-g^ the first battle against nine-day leave beginning versities, the academic work is* at World Fascism in Spain. Like the according to Lt. R. O. Fulton,
the college level and it is antici- ^est of the Spanish people they were ^-12 executive officer, pated that appropriate credit will ^ot fooled by the pretenses put up Lt. Fulton Comments
be given. This will enable the sol- jjy yj-anco and the Fasci-Nazi mer- Commenting on the problem, Lt. dier to complete his work for a col- cenaries. They knew that all the ^'ulton stated yesterday: “As far as lege degree if he returns to college gf ^j^g Fascists about saving know, seniors will be given leave as a civilian after the termination sp^in from Godlessness, and all the '^ith all other hands. 'There ^ his military service. safeguarding the Church is always a possibility that orders Will List Courses Spain, was smokescreen. They ^iii come from headquarters for On the certificate, eight by ten jgyg^ their nation and their people, to proceed to some midshipinches in size, will be listed the cur- They loved the fight of the Spanish man’s school. We have no way of riculum number in which the sol- common folk to remove the yoke of telling what the chances are of getdier performed his work, the num- stagnated clericalism and privilege; ting such an order, however. My her of terms and the date the train- ^hey hated, and still hate. Fas- advice to the men is for them to ing was completed. It will be signed gg ^gg fg^j.jp |.j^g Church continue their plans for a vacation
u.... ..... Americans, though, were otherwise.”
fooled. Some of us refused to see Fulton disthe plain truth because we feared cussed many of the details of the prove the spark to ig- Students will be alnite a world war. Well, we got the to. leave the station as soon
world war anyhow. Others of ils feared lest the democratic elements
go too far and strip thhe Church conditions are the students to of its possessions. Now we see that Permission to cut their last
by the appropriate authority at the University and by the Commandant of the ASTP, Col. D. M. Beere
The record of the soldier’s per- j"*',
formance will be available at the University, on request by appropriate authority, for the purpose of determining his academic credit.
as their last scheduled class is over Tuesday, Oct. 26, he said, but under
Leatherneck Staff Arrives
in no counti-y is the Catholic Church have the time changed.
The time on Tuesday, Nov. 4, that the men will be required to report back to their barracks is “2400”
facing more persecution than in
Nazi Germany.
We are fooled no longer. We know now that Fascism must be met wherever it arises. We cannot
(12 p. m.)
Receive Regular Pay
While on leave, all hands will re-
They will
C4sh is ^fe from loss or theft when you carry AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES. Your mbney is always in readily spendable form, and if lost or stolen, you receive a prompt refund. • Issued in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100. Cost 75^ for each $100. Minimum cost 40ji for $10 to $50. For sale at banks and Railway Express Offices. AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
listen itt to CHmiK YOUR /HUSK • Slalien WINR Popular Vocal and Orchestral Hits • 890 on Your Dial TUESDAY and FRIDAY—VilS P. M.
*
Soldiers — Sailors — Marines OjuhJt, "'Soinq, diomsL ^Juj! From Burr, Patterson & Auld Co. Office hours 113 NORTHWESTERN AVE. Phone 2423 10:00-1:30 for 2:00-5:00 Special Appointments
On the campus at the present
time are a writer and a photograph- ^PP^^se We know now that no
er of “Leatherneck,” the official or- Catholic, Protestant, ceive their regular pay. gan of the United States Marine religion's also be granted furlough rations Corps Private Prank Drdek is gro'nP’ I’emain free under Nazi- amounting to 65 cents daily, taking photographs for illustration fascism. And we know (judging Lt. Fulton pointed out that the of the stoiy on Marine V-12 activi- fioi" tine experience of such German time spent off the station counts ties being written by Private business men as Thyssen, War- against the fifteen total day leave George A. Doying, Jr. This story others) that even bigbusi- which men in the Ninth Naval Dis-
ness cannot live with Fascism. trict are entitled to take each yeai*. Jose and Fernando knew these Week end liberty is not defined as
This University has been picked things years ago Since they^‘^ve” and doesn^^^^^ from as the typical training place of Ma- f battlefield to the fifteen day maximum, rine V-12 men and so is being cov- battlefield fighting the Fascist foe. Railroads Forewarned
When Franco s rebels strangled the Local railway and bus companies living souls of the Spanish people, have been forewarned of the large both boys were put into goncentra- crowds that will throng their station camps. Eventually they got tions on the Tuesday and Wednes-
Winner of the V12 navy softball camps and enlisted with of the last week of October, championship is Company D, Sec- French Foreign Legion. When They are reported to have taken tion 3 who defeated M7 Wednes- ^'•ance lost, these two idealists did steps to meet the unusual demand, day evening by a score of 3 to 0. "ot give up. They were not fooled, a survey was made last week of all The ASTP softball champion is B3 '^bey did not believe in expediency, hands so as to get an accurate count and these winners will meet Tues- At tbe first opportunity, they joined of how many men expect to leave
day evening to compete for the
service championship.
Semi-finals for softball championship will be played Wednesday
is going to be lun in the January
issue of “Leatherneck.”
ered by the Marine magazine. IM Schedules
are recuperating in an allied hospital. Whether they recover or not,
. ., , they will always remain undying evening. Chi Alpha will meet Tau gy^bols of the struggle of the Span-
Sigma and Sigma Alpha Mu will meet the winner of the Delta Tau
Delta vs. Theta Xi game which has not been finished. The winners of these two games will meet on Thursday evening to determine the
champion.
the allies in North Africa. on each outgoing train and bus. It Today both Jose and Ferdinando jg estimated that 1200 men will
leave Lafayette during the two
days.
Registrataion for the new semester will begin the day after the men return and will probably extend
regain democratic control of their over to Saturday, Nov. 6. The first
classes of the semester will be held
on Monday, Nov. 8.
Army Shorts . . . Camp Atterbury Camp Crier re-
championship.
Introducing LOil‘'ODO the new under-nrm deodorant In orm
•^USlka other under-Srm^^eodbf-onti lOR-ODo!l.l$^a'^hah^y,_solicl bar5 NoJJwtiste.;^Safely^|tonflyj chaekiVfipkalloiTand remove! thej telltale'Qdon Non’-lrritatin^? loovei)
under-orm» tleon, dry, A j qrant?iWill!no?'rot'' fflljrlsLjj” *
FRATERNITY BULLETINS Invitations, Fraternity Letter Heads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—Typewriter Paper—50e the ream LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY Phone 7828 511 Ferry Street
War Bonds And Stamps
land.
In jugoslavia. Too And in Jugoslavia another vet-
eran of the Spanish war is over-
R. E. Morgan defeated Rotan 6-1, coming insuperable odds to harrass ports a^new C. O. for the Fifth Serv-8-6, to wm the all-campus tennis enemy. General Tito has been j^e Command (in which Purdue is
fighting the Nazi hordes for more located). Brig. Gen. J. M. Eager than 18 months now, but not until replaces Maj. Gen. Fred C. Wal-
0||w Q recently has credit gone where lace, assigned to an undisclosed BJUy ffai liWfivIO credit IS due. Only now, when the j^jgsion. ... Horse cavalry is being
victories of the Partisans under this ugg^ j^ajy^ i;be Ft. Riley Guidon shrewd idealist have reached indis- reports. Known as provisional putable importance, has the Ameri- jnounted reconnaissance troops, can press begun to inform us that it they are said to have proved invaluis General Tito, the zealot, and not able in the diificult teirain encounMikhailovitch, the mei'cenaiy, who i;ercd in Italy for knocking out mais leading the patriotic partisans, chine gun nests and mortar and arIn fact, it was welcome news to tnieiy tioops m positions otherwise learn that the undemociatic ref- inaccessible. . . . Negro aviation iigee Jugoslav government in Lon- cadets will soon start training with don has finally encoiuaged the peo- g26 Marauders in a medium bomple to ido that which they are al- bardment group now being actiready doing, namely, to suppoit vated, the Lincoln Aimy Air Base
Tito’s campaign to oust the Nazi am reports,
foe. ij
We owe nnich to the defeated ■■■
Spanish Republic for holding off the veterans. Like them.
Fascist foe on the first battleground of this war. And we owe even
Coiporal Wiiher B6dt’s squad was spying out Jap positions in the Pacific. 'We needed infoimation badly. The squad got it, but was cut off fiom our lines. Using liandkciehiefs tied to bayonets. Marine Corporal Bodt wigwagged the information hack. He lost an eye, sustained other Wounds iVoni furious enemy lire, hut his message was urgent. He stuck and got it thiougli, winning the Navy Cross. Weapons are urgent too, and yom Wai Bonds buy them.
war.
moie to the fighting spirit of La Pasionara, of Tito, of Jose and Ferdinando, who remain symbols of the ends lor which the United Nations
fight.
THE VETERANS OF THE INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT ON SPANISH SOIL KNOW THAT THE PRESENT FIGHT IS AGAINST OPPRESSION' ALL OVER THE WORLD. THEY KNOW. We too nuibl Know. Every time the oppoitunity to appease ciops NICKI ANDRE, popular vocalist, up, eveiy time an Ameiican native and Nelson Eddy in one ot the col- Fascist apologizes for the acts of orful scenes of Universal’s “Phan- the Nazi-Fascists or foi the acts tom ot the Opei'a,” now playing at of onr own brand of traitors, the Lafayette 'Iheatre. “Nationalists,” we must remembei
we must know that this is a war, not of conquest, but against oppres-
sion all over the world.
Cadet Examination A mental examination for avaition cadets will be given qualified men here on Tuesday evening Oct. 19 at 7:30 at the Cary Hall HeadQuarters, under the auspices of the Civil Air Patrol. 'Phis may be the last examination of its typo to be given for some time, and all men interested are urged to apply immediately. Applications may be secured from the adjutant at Cary Halk Buy War Bonds And Stamps
-V
v^siVPugi 4
4^5
Jiv
' Ji'
TK?r
j’
BoilerMaleer Sjports
X S3»' /
'‘'srar'PT
^Tuesday, October 19, 194^
it
Seventy^Eight Report
For Basketball Practice
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Gridders Will Face Iowa
THE TRIBUNE CARTOON
A good deal of discussion has been ciealed by the eaitoon which apLast night the fiist basketball practice of the season was con- peaied on the fiont page of the Chicago Tribune Sunday morning There ducted by Boilermaker Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert at the aie some that think that it is a definite insult to this Umveisity, while Fieldhouse. Seventy-eight hopefuls turned out for the session, theie aie otheis, and these aie the people moie familial with the facts and the total number of prospects is expected to be about a background of the case, that think that the caitoon was quite clevei and quite a “feathei m our bonnet To say the least, the caption was a nunarea. ambiguous and was liable to be taken in the wiong spirit by the “unSeveral men who aie out for football have not yet reported, mfoimed”
Boilermaker 'Bee'
Squad Held To Tie . , By Culver Academy In Homecoming Day Tilt
but are expected to be candidates after the football season ends. Any boy who feels that he IS‘Capable of making the squad should try for a position. Practices will start each day at 3 15 There will be no piactice on Saturday ^ The squad will be cut in half in about two weeks and aftei that it
Harriers Beat Culver In First Meet, 16-49
To point out the facts, the creator of this much-discussed diagram is one of the most distinguished Purdue alumni as well as one of the world’s foremost cartoonists, John T McCutcheon It is extremely dubious that Ml McCutcheon would compose a cartoon that would insult his alma mater, particularly in view of the suppoit and assistance that he lyis given the University over the years since his graduation While we are on this same line we would also like to say a word about the Tribune in general The prevalent opinion at the University is that the Tiibune is “anti Purdue”, and this opinion is passed down from class to class along with a few stories to emphasize it Two of the Tribune’s
In the first cross country meet of sport writers are particularly cited for disliking this institution, namely
will be cut at various times until it season, the Boilermaker team. Arch Ward and Wdfred Smith Bringing out the facts again, the Tribune numbers about 20 “Piggy” intends by Tom Judge, decisively has given the Boilermakers one whole of a lot of space for their sports to give each boy a chance to show whipped the Culver Academy team achievements, and only last week devoted more space to the Riveter-Ohio his ability ^ score of 16 to 49, amid snow. State game than to any other game to be played over the week end PuiMost of the team members will sleet, hail, and mud due has been given more breaks than any other Conference school by this be inexpeilenced freshmen and winning the meet, the Riveter paper and is regarded with a 3ealous eye by the publicityidnectois of V-12eis, but there are a few men harriers lost only one place out of other institutions There aren’t many schools m this country that get a who are known to have consider- the first seven, Mendleson, the lone cartoon depicting their gridiron squad on the front page of one of the able abilitr plus experience Only Culver man scoring, taking fifth nation’s leading newspapers, and certainly many schools would give a two men remain from last year’s Tom Judge came in first, with the million dollars to have their squad placed so squaiely m the publics’ eye varsity. Jack Kennedy now a Ma winning time of 9 57 for the two as the Purdue squad was placed Sunday Please remember that writers
now
rine, and Paul ‘Duffy” Friend, a mil® course Following him came member of the V 12 Ericsson, Mannsfeld and Beile, sec Among the members of the foot thud and fourth, respectively ball squad who are expected to be In fifth came Mendleson Closely on the team are Charlie Haag from following him weie Petetrson and Central of Evansville and Bill Haynes Stiaggling over the rest Lodge, foinrei Madison star, who of the field was the lemamdei of
were both on last year’s fieslinian the Culver team team Sam Vacanti and Frank Next Sunday the
strive to be accurate and present the truth, and that we as Purdue students view everything favorably said about us with an air of superiority, but anything that strikes us as being uncomplimenta’y, whether it is the truth or not, causes us to brand such an article as being “anti us”
FIVE DOWN AND FOUR TO GO
Getting back to Saturday’s game, we must admit that we had our fingers crossed at the start of the thud period Ohio State had gotten the first Boilermakers freaks of the ball game and had been able to capitalize on them, leaving
Bauman giidiion regulars from travel to Bloomington to meet the Ifi® Boilermakers trailing and not to certain of the outcorie To Keith other schools are also expected to Indiana team last years national with his. two long runs m the opening moments of the second half, be on the squad Bauman was on champs and also holder of confer- g®6s the credit for supplying that spark which started the Rrveter ma
the Illinois freshman team a 'sear ago, and Vacanti was an Iowa sub-
stitute
Meet The Team B\ Bill Garber Meet Sam Vacanti Dark haired Sam who only stands 5 feet 10 in his stocking feet is one of the mainstays of this vear’s congiega tioii of Boilei maker gridmeii Hailing from Omaha Nemaska, Baron as his friends call him cap tamed the Technical High team to the championship in 1041 iccoiding
ence and state honors This meet rolling I ull credit goes to his team nates who blocked so superbly starts at 10 and will be over a SYq of those clashes, but it was Keith’s runs which brought life back to the mile course squad Joe Morrow and Bill 0 Keefe also played terrific ball, and deserve
their share of glory Pre game speculation as to Morrow’s performance
— ' was rather skeptical, but Joe showed the boys that he could both dish it
out as well as take it Good work, Joe'
Speaking of Keith Parker, “Ace” is quite a musician, and just before he entered the Marines he was offered a contract as the featured vocalist with Sonny Donham He also has played with Les Brown’s band
Sam expresses a sentiment which he believes all the plaveis feel “All the boj.s ” he says “like the idea of being allowed to continue playing football They are grateful to the officials for allowing them to plav ”
Meet The Team
Bj Toe Hahn
Plicate Tom Hughes of the United States Mamie Corps Re serve is a most worthwhile addi tion to the Boilermaker football squad this season He won a fresh man numei al and v ri sity letter at the Univeisit / of Missouri as a tackle and place kicker Hughes is now playing right tackle and kicks
'Reds' Beat 'Blacks' 12 To 6 In R0TC Intrasquad Game
In
as it sounds As he said, “Ihomas was the doubting Saint of Ireland— He chased the money changers out of the temple Patrick was the pa tion Saint ot Ireland—he chased the snakes out oi Ireland Hughes, that s my old man—he chased me
out of the house ”
Omega Fraternity house now ma line barracks, and is known as the good humor man of the house with his-many Irish jokes and songs Hughes IS a member of the Alpha Sigma P^i Fiateinity and a junior
SAM VACANTI Purdue Quarterback
in Physical Education In adcbtion Duffin plunged Ins way over center to his football letters, he con a fiom the three inch line All three varsity letter at Missouri catching tries foi the extra points were riii
on the baseball team His home is m successtul
St Louis \\%cie he attended the
a spotless record ol an unscored up on undefeated team While at Tech, Sam eras also named tcviee to the all State teams in tootball and in baseball Incidenth he c\ a-, also the captain ol the basebrll and basketball teams at 'lech In games Sam played lelt hall calling play's from that position Fiom Tech the ‘ Baton” cceiit on to new fields, landing at the University ot locva Here he remained until the Maiincs picked him up and deposited him on the Riveter campus While at Iocs r Sammj accomplished a teat which hadn’t been equaled in four years that of capturing three major ‘ F s in basketball, baseball and tootball, all m one cear Dining the tootball season Sammy didn t plac as a 60 minute man, lathci he was usually used in the til st and final quaitei s, in the capacity ot deteiisivc bac'k, because ol his fine \\oik in that capacity Incidentlj, Sammy considers that hib stiong point 'Iheie are two things Sam likes to do particularly on a football field ■—pass and back up the lines Sam is getting plenty of the former, but very little of the latter. “How can I,” he wails, “when our line stops most of the plays bctoie they get to me For lelaxalion Sam likes to lis ten to the wail il llaiiN J iim tiumjjct and lus oichcstia
Poosevelt High School playing three veais of football while there Buy War Bonds
'Ihe starting line up foi the Blacks was Ends Maurice Clauser and Roland Halleck, tackles Jack Banner and Doug Smith, guards, Harold Newport and Sammy Bro sici, center. Jack Allbrand, quar
AMERICAN HEROES BY LEFF
^ New ttnder-arm « Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspirotion
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irrit'ite skin 2> Now utingtodry Can be used right after shaving 3> Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor 4. A pure white greaseltss stainless vinishing cream 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Inst uiteofl lundcr ing for being harmless to ^ fabric
Sioutiiig on foot in Tunisia, Pfe Charles H Pvans was captured hv iO Italian infantryincn and inatthcd to the nar A bayonet at liis hick, 1 sans vylniltd, disarmed Ins guuid, and escaped Althout'h wonndid hj rilli fiie, he hid in a cictus patch till ni^ilitfall, slipped hack to our foites with valuable infoiiiiatiun pnked up as a piisoiier 1 Ol this he wtais tin Pin pie Hi ait and the Silver Star Celehiate I rails’ escape with anothei War Bond
On a mud-spattered field, heayy With lam, the Boilermaker “B” squad battled a strong Culver Military Academy team to a standstill, thjs final score being 0-0 It Was the first game of the season for this section of the powerful Riveter team Other games to be‘’'played are against the Xavier team at Cincinnati on October 23, and against the Bunker Naval An Station on
November 6
About the chief feature of the game was the ever present “fumblitis,” as it IS becoming to be known about these parts Imitating then brother gridders, who were meeting thelfOhio State team, they fumbled quite often, but it must be said m then defense that the weather conditions prevailing made it an almost impossibility to hold on to the ball It rained and snowed and sleeted all game long and as one player reported after the game “I burnt my hand when I washed after the game with cold
water ”
Displaying an efficient game, if one forgets about the fumbles, they outplayed the Culver team, who incidentally played a fine brand of ball The game seesawed about the center of the field, with one team (hiving into the other’s territory, only to be stopped by lack of scoring power or as was in the case Of the Riveter congregation, by penalties The “Bees” seemingly were plagued all game by these penalties The gun ending the contest found the Boilermakers on the one yard stupe, ready to go over for a touchdown They had arrived there after a sustained diive, ^ featured by Hemze’s 25 vard run, when he had been unable to find a pass receiver and had tucked the ball under his arm, going to the one yard stupe before being stopped
For the last time this season, the mighty Boilermaker football team will appear in Ross-Ade Stadium this coming Saturdaj^ afternoon to meet the Iowa Hawkeyes for the annual Homecoming contest. After winning last Saturday’s contest from Ohio State, the Riveter team will be “hands down” favorites to win against the Hawk- ^ —— — gygg_ ponents’ 26 yard line when he could , .1,1 1 , not find a receiver open to pass the Not until their last game, Jjall to, so taking off around his right which was against Indiana, did ^^d he made the only Iowa touch-
lowa show much in the way to down
mark her as a gridiron threat. Kicking Iowa’s Biggest Asset Even in this game the Hawks did One specialty which is handled by not show much offensive power as the Iowa ball club is good kicking they were only able to gam a total which is in chaige of Bill Sangster of 92 yards Then defensive power ^nd Fred Eno Together the two showed much improvement as they of them have been averaging over allowed Indiana to gam a mere 36 40 yards on punts Sangster also yards, as they tied the Hoosier elev- does quite a bit of passing from his
quarterback position Eno was the state champion m high school hur-
dles last year
en 7 to 7
Iowa Loses Three, Ties One Against the strong team of Great
Lakes the Hawkeyes were beaten 21 to 7 m the first game Then came
In addition to these backfield men,
fullback, Terrel, Ste-
the weak Wisconsin outfit which was P^®''® Thompson at halfbacks,
the latter who does a good bit of
beaten last week by Notre Dame 50 to 0 Against the Badgeis, Iowa could not get their offense to work and were nosed out 7 to 5 In their third game which was against the Iowa Seahawks, the Hawkeye of fense failed again so they were
the Iowa passing, and Hughes at quarterback, will probably see action Saturday The piobable line-up on the Iowa forward wall against the Riveters will be Dave Dannei and Bill Bar-
beaten 25 to 0 Thus m foui games hour at ends, Harry Frey and Cozad the Iowa eleven has only been able <it tackles, Stan Mohr backer and to score 19 points, against lines Liddy at guards, and veteran Bill
which could not compare with the Baughman at center
Boileimaker forward wall
The outstanding backfield man on Elmer Waters
the Iowa eleven is Paul Glasener, 18 year-old frosh who leaves next week foi the Navy V 12 piogiam
’93, connoisseur of antique
fiieaims and an expert rifleman.
Paul always p'ays safety man and will address the next meeting of does a good job of 1 liming back the the University Student Branch of punts He made quite a few big the Amer ican Society of Mechanical gams against the Hoosiers last Engineers at 7 30 tomorrow eveweek In last Saturday’s game, nmg m room 108 of the Mechanical Glasener was standing on bis op Engineering building
100 MANY INJURIES’ It IS usuilly tine that the team that la on the offensive m a football c,ame is the team which suffeis the most injuiies Ihis accounts foi tlm main in Junes received bj the Riveters in the Ohio State battle I or your information, the Riveters had possession ol the ball ioi orei two thuds of the game and duiinj that time ran off over tw ice as m inj plajs as did the Buckeyes “Nuff ’ said
Buy War Bonds
tciback Haiold KiumhoKz, half backs Bakei rnd Bill G’ os^ lull back Duffin The Reds line up con sisted ol Ends, Mullfoid and Tom Montgomery tackles Mitchell and Eugene Pillei guaids Tom Wall and Jim Ackeiman, center. Bob King quaiteiback Anfon half backs Flank Alexander and Shoe
intiasquad football game maker fullback Harry Michael off loi the Riveter team whenever Saturday alter noon, the Rivet Charles Whistler was the leferee
he IS in the game ei R O 1 C team hid then first TT , , i , 1 scrimmage after two weeks of piac Hughes IS a big stocky line man . mr, , , , 0,0 1 7 4- ^‘®® The squad, consisting of about weighing 212 pounds and is six feet , , , , \ 7 TT h^tv men was divided into two one inch in height His name, , ,.7 , -ni , „ rp, TD 7- 7 TT 7 T 7 oiic the Blacks,” captained Thomas Patrick Hughes is as Irish . „ t,„, -r, , . . p, , „ , ,
by Bob Baker and the ‘ Reds led by Chick Anton On a mud soaked field the Reds defeated the Blacks 12 to 6 in a full length game Both of the teams used a T for mation which sometimes shifted into a modified box The Red team scored first by constant plunging
rp , , , A7 7 77 through then opponent’s line, the
Tom lives at loimei Alpha Tan , , ,
■p. .7 +„ 7 , touchdown coming via a quarter
back sneak with Anton handling the pigskin The other Red six pointer was made by a pass from the eight \aid lino Jim Shoemaker to Ralph Mullfoid The Blacks made then scoie in the list period when Dale
IN YOUR NOMi
e When you help save electricity, you help save the manpower, fuel, transportation and materials by which electricity is made. That is why our Government has asked seven major industries — coal, petroleum, transportation, gas, electricHy, communications and water—to co-operate for waiiime conservation. That is why you are asked to conserve electricity wherever you can. 9
Kid Cupid seems to have a grip on Giaue Fields—as well as Monty Woolley—in this scene from their hilaiious corned} showing at the Mais Iheatie, “Holy Matiimon} ” Ihe 20th Centuiy Fox hit featured a cast ot favoiites
Here’s hoiv and yei L
Liiectricity
Inty of light
t 0 9 § 9
1. Eliminate colored I los They absorb one-third of the light. 2* Replace dark sn rdc bnings with white, or very light ones, to reflect light instead of absorbing it^ ( 3> Use one high-Wiittage bulb in place of several smaller ones to get more light foi the “me amount of power. For instance: a 100-watt bulb gives 50% moic light than four 25-watt bulbs, yet uses the same amount of cullc t. 4. Have light souice as nc n as possible to woik. Be sure light is placed so no glare, indiicct or direct, is in your eyes. 5* Keep your lamps clean It is estimated that clean reflector bowls, clean laipp bulbs and clc n shades will give you from 20 to 50 per cent more light.
PUBLIC SERVICE
l¥ OF INDIANA, INC.
4^ I 1^ 0 n
i’ I"’ It'
\