%
PuriuE ISxfianent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
/ VOLUME XLVill
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS, 1936
NUMBER 2Z
Keefe Speaks Before ASCE This Evening ‘‘Raili^oadiiig In Persia” Subject Of Lec^ture InCEBuilding y Merton R. Keefe, graduate of the University and present chief engineer of the Indiana state highway commission, will speak before members of the A. S. C. E. tonight at 7 ;15 o'clock in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. His talk Avill be on railroading adventures in Persia. Starting as a roadman on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1902, Mr. Keefe’s success began when he joined the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific line. Six years with this company advanced him from assistant engineer to division engineer, and then to assistant district engineer. At the conclusion of the address, refreshments will be served in the laboratory. At this time, new members will be taken into the A. S. C. E.
New Best Skit Award Mad^ A new award, the Ray M. Southworth Script trophy, will be given for the first time this year to the student who writes the best one-act play, skit, or radio sketch. This trophy, in memory of the late Ray M. Southworth, West Lafayette business man, is donated by Mrs. Mary B. Southworth. The contest was proposed by Gilbert Dunbar Williams, Mr. H. Kenn Carmichael, and Wilson White, who will also act as judges of the contest. In the past there has been a shortage of plays for the radio stage, the Tower Stage, and the P. I. A. Skit shop. The contest is being given for this reason, apd is open to all students who wish to submit any of the three types of scripts, radid, drama, or skit.
Browsing Room Opens Discussions Thursday In order to stimulate interest in the Union browsing room a series of bi-monthly discussions is going to be inaugurated to familiarize students with different styles of present and past^literature. Mrs. L. A. Josselyn, librarian of the browsing room, will introduce the books and explain the arrangement, classification, and contents of the present supply at the first meeting Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Faculty members, outside literary authorities, and students will conduct the discussions.
Gary Station Starts University Newscasts The Gary radio station, WIND, has inaugurated a new weekly series of Purdue University broadcasts, conducted every Thursday from 12 to 12:16 CST. These programs open and close with University songs and include Purdue news flashes, short talks by prominent Gary alumni, and also scientific facts taken from the weekly broadcasts by Dr. C. J. Klemme, of the pharmacy school.
Women’s Club Sponsors Child Study Meeting Members of the Child Study group of the Purdue Women’s club will hold their first meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock at the home of Mrs. A. F. Messenger, 348 West Oak Street. If any member did not sign up for this section at the October luncheon, she may attend by calling Mrs. Messenger before this evening.
Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Kappa Lambda announces the initiation of Russell Carlson, Marquette, Mich., and LeRoy Smith, Anderson. Alpha Kappa Lambda announces the pledging of Paul Lee, Bryant.
Razors—Or Radios That ^sTheQuestion Cary Hall Ha$ Problem
Brrrkkk ... brrrkkk, and another fine set of whiskers ckme off via the electric rassor. Unprintable phi’ases came in a mighty roar down the considers of Cary Hall, for the shaver wasn’t the only one enjoying the buzzing chorus of his electromeating razor. The same harmonious earache was blasted from the loud speaker of every radio in the Hall. So the boys held a gripe session and John Batchelor, distinguished electrical engineering student, was appointed to separate razor burps from musical ones. Somewhere, he borrowed one of the offending hair-cutter-offers and went into seclusion to conduct some scientific experiments. He tried the razor during a dance program and the whole Hall heard the results. A football game was ruined in the same way. Even political speakers could not drown out the razor’s racket. ' Now the boys are really in a fix. Mr. Bachelor must experiment to find out how to eleminate the trouble. His “cure” is worse than the disease.
Editor, Stricken During Game, Dies Raymond H. Sellers, 66, Franklin, Ind., stricken while attending the Purdue-Wisconsin game Saturday^, died at his home yesterday. Mr. Sellers was the editor of the Franklin Star and a former president of the Indiana Editorial Association. Relatives stated that he had been in poor health for the past ten years. His death was caused by a heart ailment.
Co-ed Boeing Starts Thursday Intramural bowling for co-eds is to begin Thursday in the bowling alleys of the Union Building. The Women’s Bowling League will be composed of teams of five girls each from the sororities and wards. Each team must have one practice anytime before the contest. Mr. Stucky will give assistance in coaching. A trophy will be presented to the winning team.
lU Club Organizes GOP Torchlight Rally The Indiana University Republican club has arranged a state-wide Republican rally, to be held Thursday on the Indiana campus. The speaker will be former Gdvernor Henry Allen, of Kansas. The club. Composed of students, has a complete party organization, with chairmen for the various districts. An old-fashioned torchlight parade will precede the rally.
WAA To Train Co-eds In Campcraft Leadership Girls interested in becoming camp craft leaders must be present for at least one of the two meetings to be held on October 24 or November 14 at the W. A. A. cabin. Miss Veronica Brady, of the physical education department for women, and Georgia Halstead will be in charge of the instruction, which Avil] include first aid, meal preparation, fire building, woodcraft and camping. Girls passing the written tests will become recognized leaders to take co^ed groups to the W. A. A. cabin.
Over a million students entered institutions of higher learning this fall. Thirty-three of each hundred of the 1936 high school graduates are now college freshmen*
CHANGE OF ADDRESS
Any student who has changed his address or telephone number since registration should notify thd registrar’s office et once, if he has not already dohe so. —STONE.
Kappa Sigs Win Again ‘‘Thrash*^ All Opposition In Decorations Contest
As the badger slowly recovers from Saturday’s trouncing, news comes of the winners of the homecoming decoration contest. Kappa Sigma again topped the list and walked off with the silver cup. A thrashing machine and haystack served to keep their longstanding record, which now becomes 14 years out of 16. • Alpha Xi Delta won the sorority cup, followed by the Theta’s second, and the Kappa’s, third. Pirathon and Phi Delta Theta came in secojnd and third respectively among the fraternities and honorable mention went to Alpha Gamma Rho, Lambda Chi Alpha, and Alpha Tau Omega. Prof. Walter Q. Pitch, of the agriculture school, stated that the committee, while judging the decorations, looked for the ones, “Understood quickly as we drove by slowly, not expensive, to the point-^nd
Potters Meet Tonight At 7 Green Potters will hold a mass meeting in the Union at 7 o’clock tonight under the sponsorship of Skull and Crescent to elect officers for the coming year. A quorum of 100 freshmen must be there to hold an election. All Green Potters are urged to attend because those elected will be in charge of all frosh activities this year.
Group May Discuss Two Topics Weekly “The Mechanics of Boredom” has been chosen as the subject for the fourth weekly meeting of the Discussion Group in room 1 of the Union Building tomorrow night. A. A. Radkey, senior science student, will lead the discussion. The group is planning to conduct meetings on two unrelated subjects on the same night.
Dr. Elliott Toastmaster At C. Of C. Dinner Today At least 360 persons are expected to attend the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce dinner-meeting at 6:30 this evening in the Union Building. The program will feature an address by James E. Gheen, of New York City, and Dr. E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster.
50 Guests Attend WAA Cabin For Open House Approximately 60 faculty members, parents, and students attended open house Sunday at the W. A. A. cabin, where cider and doughnuts were served. Some of the visitors amused themselves by pitching horseshoes, while others played ping-pong.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsing Room
WINDS OVER THE CAMPUS, by James Weber Linn. The scene: “The University” easily recognizable as the University of Chicago. The time: A college year of present time. The author: Teacher, critic, journalist, biographer and novelist as professor at the University of Chicago, contributor to many magazines and newspapers, biographer of Jane Addams, author of an earlier novel, “This Was Life”. The chal-acterS are lifelike, the action fast enough to make the book interesting, the vocabularly modern. There is humor for a bit of spice and enough of love interest to give a dash of romance. Problems which come to teachers and students alike in every iiisUtutiOA «re sented, although of plot there is none. The students are as varied as they would naturally be in any such group, the few members of the teaching staff who appear are well portrayed. The book is writtep with a light touch which disguises certain deeper meanings, yet there is no suggestion of propaganda.
it must be a good point, Showing originality, good execution and simplicity.” “We drove by each house, slowing down and almost stopping, judging each fraternity just as the average spectator would,” explained Professor Fitch.
Conduct Rites For J. Douglas Family, Friends Attend Services At Residence Funeral services for John S. Douglas, 66, of the Purdue University farm, who died last Friday afternoon, were conducted yesterday at his home. Interment was at Glenview Cemetery. Mr. Douglas had been superintendent of the Purdue farm since 1909, and was widely known among the livestock men. Born in East Kilbride, Scotland, in 1879, Mr. Douglas came to this country when he was ten years old. At the age of 13, he took charge of one of the largest cattle herds in Canada, the W. D. Platt herd at Hamilton, Ont. In 1909, before he came to Purdue, Mr. Douglas, at Pembroke, Ont, was married to Miss Grace McCollough, who died Feb. 18,1936. Mr. Douglas was a member of the Animal Husbandry club, the West Lafayette M. E. church, and was an honorary member of the Purdue Hoof and Horn fraternity. He also had the distinction of having fed four grand steers shown by the University at international livestock expositions.
Co-eds Commence Rifle Practice Rifle practice for women students will begin today with a schedule for the four wards, six sororities, and Women’s Residence Hall. One practice a week for the six out of seven Weeks before the final match Will be required for entrance. W. A. A. points are given for participation in the sport. Athletic managers are: for Ward 1, Florence Beilke; Ward 2, Louise Harry; Ward 3, Dorothy Neuman; Ward 4, Annabelle Smith; and Mary Mathes for Women’s Residence Hall. The schedule for practices is as follows : Monday evening—6:00, Ward 4; 6:46, Ward 1; 7:30, Women’s Residence Hall; 8:16, Ward 3. Tuesday evening—6:45, Ward 2; 7:30, Kappa Alpha Theta; 8:15, Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday evening—6:45, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 7:30, Alpha Chi Omega; 8:15, Chi Omega. Thursday evening—6:45, Alpha Xi Delta; 7:30-9:00, two make-up practices.
Democrats Rally At High School Tonight Two distinguished Democrats will speak tonight in the West Lafayette high school auditorium at 8 o’clock, under the auspices of the National Democratic Committee. All students and young voters are invited to attend the meeting. The speakers will discuss phases of the coming presidential election. They are* making a tour of colleges throughout the state, and are returning to New York.
E. E. Lowry, Famed Cartoonist, Dies Word has been received here of the death of Everett E. Lowry, a widely known cartoonist, who was a student at Purdue in 1891-92. Mr. Lowry had worked on the Chicago Tribune, the Chicago American and other Chicago publications. At the time of his death Mr. Lowry was head of the Lowry Cartoon Service in Chicago. Mr. Lowry, a director of the National Izaak Walton League, had been complimented for his work in this field by the late Theodore Roosevelt.
Pachyderm — or Donkey? “Straw” (Vote) Can’t Satisfy BotR
What are Purdue University students ? Are you Republican or Democrat? Are you Commimist or Sodalist? Are you Union, Farm Labor, of Prohibitionist ? Will you vote for the first time November 3 ? All of these questions will be answered in the Exponent Presidential poll, which will start in these columns next Monday, when the first ballot will be published. Start thinking now. Who is your choice? Then clip the ballot next Monday and send it in. Watch for the Exponent Presidential Ballot!
PIA Tea Dance Is Tomorrow P. I. A. will hold its first tea dance of the year in the Union ballroom from 4:15 to 6 o’clock tomorrow. It will be an informal affair with Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra furnishing the music. Last year seVeral of these tea dances were given and proved to be both entertaining and successful. It is the plan to continue giving these affairs as in the past. P. 1. A. members will be the only ones admitted to the tea dance with their membership cards being the admission tickets. Mary Humhpreys and Robert Schlundt are in charge of the affair.
Wesley Foundation Forms Lunch Club A Luncheon club, for the convenience of students who “commute”, bringing their lunches from home, will be formed tomorrow by the Wesley Foundation. The club will meet at the Foundation House every noon, except Saturday and Sunday. Free hot cocoa will be served. It is planned to have speakers and music at different times throughout the semester. This is the first time a plan of this sort has been tried on the campus.
Freshman Co-eds Tour Library Today All freshman co-eds should sign up in the W. S. G. A. office in the Memorial Union Building after 4 o’clock today if they want to tour the main library. Georgiana Pittman, president of Alpha Lambda Delta, will be present in the office to acquaint the freshman women students with the tour to be held at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. The co-eds are to meet in the downstairs lobby of the main library at the appointed time.
Purdue Republicans Gather For Conclave To familiarize the Purdue student Republican workers and voters with party precinct heads in West Lafayette, Fred Stalcup, varsity halfback and president of the Purdue Landon - for - President club, and Dwight Keim, West Lafayette Republican city chairman, have called a meeting at 7:30 o’clock tonight of student workers and West Lafayette precinct committeem,en and women. The meeting will be held at Republican student headquarters on State near Grant Street, and all interested voters are urged to attend. Dr. A. R. Killiqn, Tippecanoe county Republican central committee chairman, announces.
Santa Loses Sleigh Now Rides Water Wagon Santa Claus is definitely on the water wagon by official ruling of the Missouri State Liquor Commission. The commission has barred the use of “Santa’s” picture in advertising any form of alcoholic beverage. No more “warmer-uppers for the old man as he makes his rounds which may also be a night driving safety move.
Students Buy 1,000 Chicago Game Tickets Block Starte From fif-ty-Yard line; No Seat Reservations Made Over 1,000 students had their ticket books stamped for admission to the Purdue-Chicago game up to the deadline yesterday afternoon, according to a statement by Prof. C. T. Doan, director of ticket sales. Ticket books cannot be turned in for this game any more. Seats will be reserved in a block at the Chicago stadium. Each seat will not be reserved, however, and it will be a case of first come, first served. This block goes from the 50 yard line down the field as far as necessary to accomodate all the students. No Penalty Day There will be no penalty day this week-end, according to Prof. Firank Hockema, assistant to the president. All students whose ticket books have been stamped will be excused automatically by the dean. University ticket collectors will be at the gates and will demand to see registration cards if doubtfid of the holder’s identity. Anyone not able to present such a card will be refused admittance and the ticket book he is holding will be revoked.
’40 Strong in Numbers, Stronger PhysicaUy Than Predecessors The national class of 1949, born recently amid the scratching of multitudinous pens on official blanks, faces many complex and disconnected facts. It probably has very little idea that its numbers amount to some 300,000 students. Few of the freshmen know that as an entity they are the best nourished and developed class yet to enter the universities of this country. According to a report Drom the University of Illinois, 87 per cent of them are in “good-to-excellent physical shape”. The New Ehigland members are the tallest, averaging five feet, ten inches in stature.
Sorority Alumnae Give Homecoming Dinner Phi chapter of the Alumnae Association of Beta Phi Alpha sorority held a homecoming dinner Saturday evening at the home of Mrs. B. E. PonthlS. Nineteen out - of - town guests were present, including the grand treasurer of the sorority, Mrs. Henrietta Donkin Armstrong, of Anderson.
Meredith Club Flans Lecture On Cosmetics Miss Greeves, head of the cosmetic department of Loeb and Hene Department Store, will speak on cosmetics and proper use of makeup at the meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith club to be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium. In order to illustrate her talk. Miss Greeves will make up different types of girls chosen from the audience. After the meeting girls may ask questions concerning the talk or demonstration. All co-eds may attend whether they ai*e members of the Meredith club or not. '
Maybe Showers
By Tempy The Ejyffoneat Weather Moiise I didn’t get to make a predietimi. for yesterday’s weather because there was no paper published then. But if I had made one I know it would have been for fair weaHier- ' ' and consequently correct. In the ; words of that popular song... “iVa always fair weather when good M* 'j lows get together.” Good fellows got together Saturday at the game and after the game that ni|^t. it was bound to be fair weather. The “good fellow” effect ia gradually wearing off. It will be doudy todiay : with posmble diewete.Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, OctoW 13,198g
The Editor Says
Sorority Rush
Last summer the Pan-Hellenic Council conceived a super-pregressive and excellent sorority rush plan a plan which, upon being put in service this fall, turned out to be a cross-eyed ugly duckling, which few uphold. This year’s rush can be condemned from every angle, and supported from none. Open rush, as practiced by fraternities, is the system which should be adopted. Think of the embarrassment and severe disappointment of the thirty-odd girls who signified their desire to organize and then were unable to find a sorority willing to take them in. Under an open rush system, this would be eliminated. True, there would be disappointments, but they would be more private and would not cause so many freshman co-eds to consider leaving Purdue. There are not enough vacancies to provide all entering girls with sorority homes. Even with this sorry situation, the number of pledges per house was limited, an action for which there is no excuse under the present conditions. If there had been a scarcity of rushees, limits might well have been applied, but not otherwise. And then there is the loss of sleep and study time. A majority of those connected in any way with this year’s fiasco suffered scholastically because the plan was as it was. Instructors themselves will tell anyone that. It was often a question of going to a rush party or fiunking a test; consequently many tests were flunked. This was partly due to the extremely bad choice of rush dates, but mostly to the fact that so many restrictions were placed on rush activities. Speaking of rush activities, everyone knows that they were not conducted according to the many regulations laid down by that superior and enlightened group of girls who made up last year’s Pan-Hellenic Council. Why try to promulgate rules and then go out and flagrantly violate them? With this year’s plan, W. S. G. A.’s mentor system, a fine endeavor, was greatly reduced in efficiency and accomplishments. Most persons can see no sense in attempting to place throttling restrictions on rush. Under the fraternity system, most of the evils of the goody-goody, efficient, co-ed rush plan may be eliminated. Fraternities do not cut each other’s throats, and neither would the sororities when there is such an excess of rushees. The disappointments and loss of sleep are kept to a minimum in the open rush system, but are held up to a maximum under the system of this fall. If the Pan-Hellenic Council is really composed of the intelligent minds of which it supposedly consists, those intelligent minds will change the present system quickly; they will make rush open and without time restriction; they will remove limitations on the number of pledges; they will repeal all rules designed to in any way hamper sorority rush. But if those minds are twisted or unintelligent or selfish, the rules will not be eliminated, and the whole situation will turn out next year lo be as great a failure, as terrific a flop, as underhanded and dirty as it has been this year.
An Investment
Freshmen and other underclassmen in the engineering schools who have not yet learned to manipulate the slide rule can make a wise investment of time and mental effort by attending the class in the use of the “slip stick” held in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 4 o’clock each Thursday. Starting with the simpler mathematical processes, the instructors demonstrate the calculation of more difficult problems as the class progresses. Anyone who has passed the University entrance requirements is well qualified to understand slide rule operations. Ability to use the slide rule is necessary in certain courses in the University engineering curricula, and is applicable to practical business problems such as are found in accounting and actuating. Calculations can be made much more rapidly than with a pencil and most of the mental effort involved in figuring is eliminated. Speed and ease of manipulation come with experience; the sooner the operation of the slide rule is mastered, the more time and mental effort will be saved.—R. P. M.
tlDlje l^urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Pbsociated GbUedioie Press Distributors of GDlle6iateDi6est
Member of National CoUetre Press Association, Biff Ten ^Editorial Association Ezclnsiedy Sepresented by National Advertisinff Senrice, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, ?8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
/ editorial STAFF „ „ „ ^ Bdltor-in-Chief.._....;. Editor..^ — B- Hj^Morris Editors— K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock. A. H. Forster. R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF „ „ . ^Bnorts Elditor. B. D. Wood Associate Sports ]^itors — W, H. Fifleld, S. R, Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF „ , „ . Business Manager „,.....R. J. Hulse Watlnnal Advertising Manager a. Brown tjoeal Advertising Manager D. C. Miller Oireulation Manager. — .J. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF
Helen Creech
AMoetate Editors ...Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney. Assoeiate Elisabeth Pyke
Issue Bditwr—-C. D. Schroeder.
Readers’ Opinions
Tht Exfonent weUomtt commenti of good tasU and raatonabta length from Itt readers.
For
To the Editor:
I have been following Cadwallader’s Fables of PerDew and am now sorry that I didn’t cut them out and save them because they touch on the subjects that I am vitally interested in, especially today’s one on military training, compulsory. I hardly think that there is any important college in the country that doesn’t have some sort of compulsory military training. For that reason I, too, signed up for R. O. T. C. after protest. Or should I say “under” protest. However, I feel that Per-Dew should have military training, that is NOT compulsory, because I feel that everyone should have the right to make up his own mind and be allowed to follow it through. However, if I am ever in a position to break the military man for the cause of peace, I will not hesitate to do so. In other words, when I am graduated I shall attempt to influence others as I think, but never will I resort to a compulsory measure because that gives it as much adverse publicity as it would like to have good publicity. Therefore, I am classed as one who would like to have non-compulsory military training given at PerDew for those who feel that they would love to murder, to steal, to take His name in vain; then let him take it.—Claude B. Indekker.
Against
To the Editor:
May I first qualify my remarks by saying that I am a constant and interested of the Purdue Exponent and its editorial page. The advancement of the editorial page has been tremendous with one exception. The blotch upon an otherwise faultless page is a column by a Cadwallader person. He calls himself a cadwallader, which he says means a “battle arranger”. As yet he has not displayed enough military strategy to act as even a potato peeler for the mess wagon. He says that he writes as he pleases. He is probably the only one whom he pleases. He says that he will not dilly-dally around with useless words. Has he written any useful words yet ? No. His fables about “Per-Dew” strain an ordinary person’s patience to the breaking point. His attacks on military training and war display an intelligence which might fill a thimble. Yet in writing this column he fulfills one purpose: his personal desire to write a column. But his attempts have been so weak-kneed that he has to call out, “Comrades, have you no spunk ? Why do you not sass me?” May I be the first to sign a petition that Cadwallader be consigned to a silent end soon?—Thoroughly Disgusted.
B ol
la
Id &
ck
We meet again my dear dirt loving public ... our loving grads have gone, no more floor sleeping, couch sleeping, or chair sleeping (until the Indiana game) . . .
BURNELL may be head cheer leader, but when last year’s grad uate ERNEST returned for Saturday’s big event, little GEORGE was a different kind of head no more for Theta CHRISTOPHERSEN returned to her last year’s flame and the current model, BURNELL, had to be satisfied with a date with JUDY JONES—^such a date would be hard to take ...
fi sigh (BOB SMITH, graciously stepped aside Sat. night in favor of “MY UNION” FULLER, who came back primarily to see the item of his affection, JEAN HANLEY, and secondarily to see a football game— we wonder whether JEAN was interested in the game or NOT . . . MARGARET RICHEY is working again on a couple of her ever-pres-ent business enterprises—^this time they are cleaning up fraternity and sorority jewelry and soliciting business for a certain West Lafayette printer—she does a swell job of cleaning pins and rings . . . Beta Banker, after two or three trips to the lU campus, fell under the influence of Tri Delt beauty JEAN 6ONRAD—fast work BANKER . . .
BY CADWALLADER The Exfonent will not assume resfonsibility for -the ofinions voiced in this column. Such ofinions are solely those of tht writer.
Van Gogh—An Opinion
bewildering yet sophisticated ALICE PARLON is taking it upon the chin from “HANDSOME DAN” ROHYANS — it seems that little ALICE is doing about all possible in her attempt to lure said Delt— all such wish-wash is doing her practically no good—DAN is wrapped up in pie fie PEG DIX—even asking this greek god to take her to church isn’t impressing him—PEG will say nothing but she stands by with a jealous gleam in her eye ... a group of well oiled Sig Nus lifted the Pi Phi bowling alley decorations on their winding way home Saturday night—so the story goes these little boys draped all this material around themselves and did a spring d^nce .. . the Alpha Xis had a little of the same trouble for some blundering group swiped their dummy, Mr. Knock Knock ZILCHPUSS — was this Cary Hall or some fraternity’s dirty work . . .
MARS CONTEST MARS Keep your eye on this column for a new MARS double-pass contest which comes out soon ...
I am not an art critic. Mostly because I do not pretend to know anything about art, but I do believe I can tell the difference between a slap-dash painting and one which is life-like. Today’s discourse, gentle readers, is going to be about this field of endeavor, with particular reference to one Van Gogh. This year it seems that the works of this Van Gogh have been receiving much attention; reprints have appeared in many magazines and newspapers, with most of the attached comment laudatory in nature. As I said, I am no art critic, but I certainly did not see any merit in these pictures. The things seemed sloppy and not at all natural. Distortion appeared to be one of the chief characteristics of the paintings. There was none of the attention to detail which so many really great artists have exhibited. These paintings were more like daubs, which revealed such merit as they might possess when viewed from a considerable distance. The entire explointation of the “wonderful masterpieces” of Van Gogh seems to me to be in the nature of a hoax. I can’t imagine any other reason for praising such pictures. But I suppose arty people would say that I am wrong, even though most other common persons like myself who do not “appreciate the finer things in life” agree with me in this instance.
The fame of a great man is not rigid and stony like his bust. It changes with time. It needs time to give it due perspective.—Ralph Waldo Emmerson.
Nothing is so impudent as success, unless it be those she savors.—James R. Fiance.
’Tis the good reader that makes the good book.— Emerson.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.—Sir James Barrie.
1.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce hpn-
orary fees.
4. Eliminate physical punishment by honor-
ary and social groups.
5. Modify the Student election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular
flections.
Greeks Continue
Softball Tourney
Eight fast games of softball were scheduled for yesterday afternoon’s intramural program. One was forfeited, another ended in a tie to be played off today. The results of the games follow: Pirathon won from Phi Pi Phi, 8-6. Kappa Delta Rho lost to Delta Upsilon, 2-1. Sigma Pi forfeited to Acacia. Sigma Alpha Epsilon lost, 4-3, to Pi Kappa Phi. Tau Epsilon Pi won from Beta Sigma Psi, 6-3. Alpha Kappa Lambda lost to Triangle, 6-3. Phi Kappa tied the Faculty in five innings, 9-9. The game will be finished tomorrow. Phi Kappa Psi was shut out by the Phi Delta Theta fraternity, 8-0.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker
608 Main Street
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
New MAIN
Biff Double Feature Now Playiuff
DICK POWELL MARION DAVIES EDWARD EVERET HORTON CHARLES RUGGLES
“HEARTS DIVroED”
Plus Second Feature “THREE OF A KIND” with CHICK CHANDLER EVELYN KNAPP BURTON CHURCHILL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Do you have to do that? Can’t you chew your gum like a lady?”
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today A. S. C. E. Meeting, Civil Engineering Building, room 201, 7:169:46 p. m. Forestry Club Steak Fry, Cary Camp. Tomorrow P. I. A. Tea Dance, Union ballroom, 4:16-6:46 p. m. Thursday A. Ch. S. Meeting, Chemistry Building, room 106, 7:30-9 p. m. Friday Newman Club Dance, Union ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Saturday Football, Chicago at Chicago.
SOFTBALL
Phi
Today
Diamond
1— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs.
Kappa Psi.
2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Acacia. 3— ^Pirathon vs. Faculty. 4— ^Phi Pi Phi vs. Triangle. 6—Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 6— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Lambda
Chi Alpha.
7— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Theta Xi. 8— ^Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gam-
ma Rho.
9— Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Chi.
FAMILY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
) DOUBLE FEATURE ]
^GmER" JANE'S i IN TROUBLE AGAINe^YOU MUST SEE HER SING DANCE AND CLOWN ‘
Plus GLORIA STUART
‘The Crime of Dr. Forbes”
10— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Nu. 11— Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 12— Ward 11 vs. Ward 7A or 2. 13— Ward 1 vs. Ward 4. 14— Ward 7 vs. Ward 17. 16—Ward 9 vs. Ward 8. 16— Ward 13 vs. Ward 7X. 17— Ward 12 vs. Ward 16. 18— Ward 10 vs. Ward 15.
ARC
SHIRLEY TEMPLE
“CURLY TOP”
with
JOHN BOLES ROCHELLE HUDSON
Plus
“Night Life of the Gods”
with
PEGGY SHANNON ALLEN MOWBRAY
“HOW TO VOTE’’| Patsy Kelly Lyda Roberta Comedy
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
40^
— Plus — Pictorial
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I4
Tuesday, October 18,11^0
Persistent Drizzle Doesn’t Stop Tricky Boilermaker Offensive
ISfOOO Fans Brave Rain For Annual Homecoming Battle; Kizermen Stop Wisconsin, 35~14
Over 18,000 football fans sat through a cold, misty rain to see the Boilermakers defeat the Badgers, 35 to 14, in a game as open as any ever seen in the Ross-Ade stadium. Although the Purdue team rolled up a large score on the Badgers, the game was in doubt until Drake went over the Wisconsin
goal in the fourth quarter to
give Purdue a lead, 28 to 14. Purdue scored first on a safety when Lee Graves blocked a Wisconsin punt that rolled behind the goal. The Boilermakers scored again in the first quarter when Cecil Isbell ran 70 yards for a touchdown and converted the try for an extra point. Purdue scored two more touchdowns in the second quarter on a pass from Medley to Drake and an interception of a Wisconsin lateral by Humphrey who ran 30 yards for the touchdown. The Wisconsin offensive started clicking near the end of the second quarter and in the third quarter, giving the Purdue fans a scare by scoring two touchdowns and two conversions to make the score, 22
to 14 in favor of the Boilermakers. In the fourth quarter, the Boilermakers resumed their scoring when Drake carried the ball over the Bad-
ger goal twice.
The Purdue line shined all through the game. Woltman, Purdue right tackle, repeatedly got down under punts to down the ball or make the tackle. Graves also charged through the opposing line to block a punt and recover it for a safety. Mihal, substitute tackle, made a good kickoff, the only good one that Purdue made all day. Isbell, Drake and Stalcup were outstanding in the Boilermaker backfield. Isbell, with his laterals, running, passing and blocking, accounted for most of the Boilermaker scoring. Drake was in excellent
Purdue Memorial Union GRILL-LOUNGE
Tuesday, October 13, 1936 MENU
Breakfast 7:30-11:00
Serving 7:30 a. m.-ll :00 Noon Dinner Evening Dinner 11:00-1:30 .5:30-7:30
Breaklast
Drip Coffee or Cream Cocoa .06 Fresh Orange or Pineapple Juice .10 Tomato, Prune or Grapefruit Juice .06 Buttered Toast with Jelly .06 Hot Sweet Rolls, Purdue Butter .06 Sample Club Breakfast 20 (Ham or Bacon, Egg, Toast and Coffee) Eight Other Club Breakfasts .10 to .36
Special Three-Course Dinner
Roast Loin of Pork, Apple Sauce .60 Baby Lamb Chops, Mint Jelly .60 Tender Sirloin Steak, Spiced Apple .66 Giant Porterhouse, Grilled Mushrooms .80 Above includes Soup, Salad, Choice of Potatoes, Fresh Vegetables, Beverage and Dessert Also service a la carte
35c Plate Lunch 35c
Tuesday Noon
Roast Loin of Fork with Apple Sauce Creamed Mashed Potatoes Braised Fresh Tomatoes Hot Rolls with Purdue Butter Dnp Coffee, Tea or Milk
Cream of Tomato Soup Special Sandwiches
.06 and .10 .10 to .26
Partial Fountain Menu
Coca Cola, .06 Plain Sundaes, .10 Lime Phosphate, .06 Hot E\idge, .16 Wild Cherry, .06 Cream Sodas, .16 Hot Chocolate with Wafers .10 Hot or Cold Ovaltine .10 Special Sundaes .16 and .20 Try Our Fresh Pure Limeade .10
Reservations for Special Parties Let our Chef prepare your favorite dish
1?HE PURDUE EXPONENT
■ielder’s.... *«• * c h o 1 ce ■•By Bob Walpole
Another cbuple of week-ends of missing predictions as we did on Saturday and we will be ready to cash in our chips . . . however, as long as our Boilermakers play ball like they did against the Badgers, we don’t care if we miss all of our other predictions ... —^fc— Purdue played heads up ball with Wisconsin . . . ever ready to take advantage of any break that came along ... as usual, the backs did their part in yard gaining, but don’t forget that it is the line that makes the I holes for the backs to run through . . . and did yon notice on nufnerous occasions Saturday that there was a hole in the Badger line big enough to drive a truck through; it is the line that does that... —fc— Now don’t misunderstand us, we aren’t trying to take any credit away from the Isbells, Drake, Stalcup, Gift and the rest of the boys who romped around with the pigskin . . . just giving some credit where credit is due ... and not often recognized... —^fc— Cecil Isbell continued to set the pace he started in the Ohio University game ... in 15 attempts from scrimmage he ran 185 yards, for an average of 12.32 yards per try . . . John Drake, scoring three of the Boilermakers’ five touchdowns, averaged 5.06 yards per crack at the line Purdue gathered 621 yards, 329 of the total from scrimmage... —^fc— Eddie Jankowski, Wisconsin big gun, running just as pre-game predictions said hej would, averaged 7.37 yards in 16 attempts ...
Kizermen Gun For Chicago Seek Second Straight Big Ten Win Saturday
Purdue’s well-balanced football squad, which combined a deceptive running and aerial attack in routing Wisconsin, 36 to 14, will be gunning for its second straight Big Ten victory Saturday when it invades Stagg Field for the forty-second renewal of the traditional series with Chicago. The game will bring to an
end one of the moat colorful unbrok-
FRESHMAN BASKETBALL
All candidates for freshman basketball report at Memorial Gymnasium today at 4 p. m. Will use your own equipment for a few weeks. —LAMBERT.
form scoring threevof the Purdue touchdowns himself. Freddie Stalcup showed a lot of driving power in his running, several times running back punts for "much yardage. Band Good The Purdue band again proved that it deserved to be called the AllAmerican band, with almost half of the 142 members of the band first year men, they went through some of their most difficult maneuvers. Marching out at the half, the band made the letters "W” and “P” inside a football. From three revolving wheels the band formed “Purdue” to give their best looking maneuver. After this, the revolving “P” was formed and the school song played. After the band left the field, the imprints of their maneuvers stood out sharply in the wet turf of the field. The Gimlet club’s “gravity nullifier” was a complete bust. The humidity and the weight of the sign proved too much of a handicap to allow the 150 red and gold balloons to raise the Welcome Wisconsin sign and the pledges had to carry the sign onto the field and let the balloons loose, one by one. The rest of the Gimlet demojistration had to be postponed until the Indiana game because of lack of time.
en series in the Big Ten, as the Maroons, pursuing their policy of cutting down the severity of their schedules, have not rescheduled the Boilermakers for next season. The Boilermakers have won their last eight straight games with the Maroons, and comparative performances so far this season would indicate that Purdue will be the favorite to make it nine straight. For the series as a whole, which was started way back in the gay ’90s, the Maroons hold a top-heavy edge, with 27 victories against 13 for Purdue. Only one of the encounters has ended in a tie. In the effort to end the Chicago series with a victory. Coach Noble Kizer is expected to stand pat on the same combination that turned in decisive triumphs over Ohio University and Wisconsin. Cecil Isbell and John Drake, elusive powerhouse backs who have stepped squarely into the center of the Big Ten spotlight, are expected to bear the main burden of the ball carrying, along with Fred Stalcup, the speediest of the backfield trio, Who may easily flash into the limelight if given a dry field.
FRATERNITY GOLF Today Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta.
ALL CAMPUS GOLF Today Is the Deadline Dave Lawrie, J. M. Curtin, W. Hoover, J. Montgomery, H. Goldstein, S. D. Weldy, Jack Irvin, H. Knaus, R. Hill, R. Riley, J. H, Lynch, W. F. Lynch, Bob Blaney, L. Farquhar. Bob Cottrell, C. E. Riley.
Body and Fender Straishtening
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting.
Auto Body Shop
421-423 North Third Dial 2998
Men’s Tumbling Class Starts Today
A class in tumbling for men will start in.the small gym at 4 o’clock this afternoon, according to Larry LaBree. The class is to meet twice a week and is open to anyone interested in advanced tumbling and gymnastics. If enough men enroll in the class, LaBrCe hopes to have gymnastics and tumbling included among the competitive events in the annual athletic carnival.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today. 4:1S o’clock Foxworthy vs. Frazier. Waid vs. Lownie. Billings vs. Frasier. Moses vs. Tabshey.
Lentz V!s« Gehrire. Rush vs. HireherL flapp vs. fWner. Scott vs. Wilkina. McChnGi vs. Fotenle. Shirl^ vs. Snyder. Boksenhom vs. Ohmde. Magnossen vs. Woodscm. Knebler vS. ’KBson. Brodsky vs. Cooper.
According to Doctor W. M. Jardine, president of Wichita University, 73 per cent of his 1936 graduating class are already employed.
. <
INTRAMURAL MANAGERS
All independent sophomores interested in trjfing out for intrammral managers report to the intramnral office at 4 tocby. —KNEPPLE.
Students Oxfords
Plain toe patterns in suede and grain leathers
Varsity Boot Shop
West Lafayette, Ind.
Vote Republican
LandohKnox
Springer for Governor
James A. Slane Secretary of State Charles A. Halleck Congress, Second District George E. Weigle Prosecutor Otto C. Neumann Joint Representative, Tippecanoe-Warren Counties Joseph A. Andrew Representative A. Blaine Miller... Treasurer J. Ralph Fisher. Sheriff Arthur E. Buerkle Surveyor Harry E. Elepinger. Coroner Ralph M. Biery. Commissioner, First District Wilber F. Brown Commissioner, Second District
Senior Sittings
DEBRIS
Senior Sittings
Every senior, desiring to have his picture in the 1937 DEBRIS must report to the Debris office, on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, at bis scheduled time, A fee of $1.50 will be charged for each sitting. To insure the best picture, it is suggested that the seniors wear plain, dark clothes. —R. W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris.
Tuesday, October 13
8:00 Palmer, J. L. 8:06 Parker, C. E, 8:10 O’Neal, W.B. 8:16 Phillips, J. E. 8:20 Stone, H. B. 8:26 Pultz,N.J. 8:80 Phillips, J. D. 8:86 Smith, 0. D. 8:40 Quiggle, C. W. 8:46 Miluer,F. 8:60 Montgomery 9:00 Steffey, C.D. 9:05 Steen, E.M. 9:10 Parker, L. E. 9 ;16 Schemmer, B. 0. 9:29 Perkins, G. 9:26 Pettiorew, C. R. 9:80 Scott. D.B. 9:86 Purdy, R, J.
0:40 9:46 9:60 10:00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10:20 10:26 10:80 10:86 10:40 10:46 10:60 11:00 11:06 11:10 11:16 11 ;20 11:26 11:80
Seiler, W. W. Pratt, G. O. Setterblade, E. O. Peth, 0. L. Pollock, G. G. Parsons, D. C. Snodgrass, H. L. Mitchell, W. O. Mossman, R. B. Rahn, F. N. Ross, A. W. Roth, W. L. Rothenberger, E, C Rowland, W. IJ. Riggs, R. H. Sampson, L. F. Steokel, J. J. Stewart, R. R. Parkinson, R, H. Pugh, R. Poarch, A. E.
11
86 Sennstrom, H. R.
3:60 Moore, D. R.
9:86 Franklin. Avistis
11
40 Moore, B. E.
3:66 Arnold, Elizabeth
9:40 Steink^ Eunice
11
46 Shank, R. J.
4:00 Plapp.P.V.
9:46 Biadl^, Mary
11
50 Shoemaker, J. H.
4:06 Perkins, R. W.
9:50 Tangerman, Mary
1
00 Seward, J. F.
4:10 Soles, J.F.
10:00 Steinebaugh, Ei. H.
1
06 Pickard, R.H.
4:16 Boehm, P. A.
10:06 WiUiamson. J. 0.
1
10 Slesser, 0.
4:20 Reed, B.T.
10:10 Wolf. M. A.
1
16 Small, G. E.
4:26 Luginbill, W. T.
1Q;16 Walpole. B.H.
1
20 Smith, A. D.
4:80 Marochnle, J.
10:20 WoU,F.G.
1
26 Miller, L. J.
4:36 McKee, H.W.
10:26 Peffer, B. Louise
1
80 Muntz, B. E.
4:40 Maish, F. F.
10:80 Warren. F.G.
1
86 Love, J. E.
4:46 Martin, G. W.
10:86 Wright. G.W.
1
40 McNary, H.
4:60 Rowland, C. Ei.
10:40 Pierce. Virginia
1
46 Lynch, J. H.
4:66 Mmrtin, K. L.
10:46 Pigman, Jean
1
60 Reiley, C. E.
10:60 Barnett, Betty
2
00 McColloum, A. L.
11:00 Metzger, W.J.
2
05 Rhodes, J.
Wednesday, October 14
11:06 Warren. B.H.
2
10 McCormick, D.
11:10 Anspaeh. RvUi
2
16 Ridgeway. M. A,
8:00 Russell, S.
11:16 Rhodes, Mildred
2
20 Robinson, F. W.
8:06 Sherman, W. H.
11:20 BeU.Mary
2
25 Roll, P. H.
8:10 ROSS.W.E.
11:26 Rogers, Marian
2
80 May, L. J.
8:15 Sloan, C. D.
11:80 Bramblett, Luvenia
2
86 Oberdlng, H. J.
8:20 Smi&, B. M.
11:86 Rushton, Mary B.
2
40 Oberle, R. D.
8 ;26 Miller. 0. W.
11:40 Branigin. Betty
2
46 Offenhauer, 0. M.
8:80 Ray.T. C.
ll:46 Simpson, Betty
2
60 Ohaver, J. 0.
8:86 Jenson, R.
11:60 Carter, Margaret
8
00 Sibbitt.W,
8:4Q Whitcomb. B.
1:00 Strang.
3
06 Soendsen, E. 0.
8:46 Walters, N.
1 ;06 WiUey. F. G.
8
10 Silvey.D.W.
8:60 Winzeler, J. W.
1:10 Wallace^ R.H.
8
16 White. E. W.
9:00 Nutter, G, H.
1;16 Padgett, Joan
3
20 Stevens, C. W.
9106 Moran, W. R.
1:20 Atwood. June
8
26 Werner, J. B.
9:10 MoCaslin, K. M.
1:26 Baur. Etet^
8
80 Stock. R. J.
9:16 Bauer, MUdred
1:80 Sehaaf, Sarah
8
86 Whipple. J. H.
9:20 Ramsey, Helen
1:86 BennewHs. Jayne
3
40 White. W. P.
9:26 Bellows, Georgia
1:40 Silvemann, Fleewnee
8:46 Walters, G.G.
9:30 Snider, Adah
1:46 Boeoker, Maryh^e
1:50 Smith, Sffie 2 ;0!0 Mason, D; 6. 2:06 Calvin, Janet
2:10 Spring. Martha 2:15 Charles. Marh»i«
2:20 Stair. Alioe
2:26 Simdvahl. Marjorie 2:30 Clark. Virginia 2:36 'nanpleton. Jane 2:40 Clevenger, MarUia 2:46 Piper, Junerose
2:60 Adkins, Jean
3:00 ChristophersoQ, Butk
3:06 Reisner. ]S<uie
8:10 Copeland. Rath 8:16 Seudder, Jeanette
3:20 Creech. Helcat
3:26 Sm»on, Geneve 3.30 Dleker.MaryXt 3:36 Simpson. Mmri<^
3:46 Dix. M^B,
*s60 gtwteu^Boeamuad
3:66 Feidt,Ir»e i;00 Wait,».N. 4:06 Wilson. FVB.
4:10 Niehol^. F. O,
4:16 Willennan 4:20 Wood.L.]br
4:26 MonoweU.F.P.
4:30 Wergw.J.R.
li h
4:86 Weub;W.is.
I.D.P.
4:40 MuB.)
4:46 Woodra«.J.*K 4:60 MeAlpin.A. W.
4:66 WintonW.W.THK FUfti)UE. EXFONfeKt . '
i •
fj. i'i, ■gi' m>
14620
DAYLIGHT
During the normal hours o£ di^ light last year, from 6 ajn. to 6 p.xDu according to statistics (tf the Trav^ elers Insurance Company, there wet^ 14,620 persons killed in automobile accidents, while in the normal hours of darkness, from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m,, there were 21,480 deaths. This record raises the question, “Shouldn’t drivers and pedestrians be afraid of the dark?” The exceedingly high rate of death per .accident for the normal hours of darkness puts the spotlight on the conditions and conduct of drivers and pedestrians responsible for such a record of fatalities after sun down. At night drivers can’t easily avoid what they can’t see. This is something that pedestrians need to remember.
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions _ 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, niakt latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
John Sperb Hardware. Paint and Glaaa S22-S24 Blain Street l^FAinm* INDIANA
Classified! Ads.
^ ter three months old. Last seen on campus. Reward. Phone 3282.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—^Board and nicely furbished room with desks for two girls. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
For Sale—One of the largest collections of antiques in Indiana at MOORE’S COLONIAL MARKET, 220 No. Fifth St.
Ask for Chamberlin Ice Cream. Special this week—Tutti Fruti & Vanilla.
NOTICES No notlMS acceptMl after S p. m.
Bowling—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E. W. 68, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women's Gym. .^ELLIS.
Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and 22 will be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 108, Physics Bldg. —ABBOTT.
For Rent—Board and nicely furnished room with desks for two girls. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
Strayed or Borrowed—Black and yellow mottled Persian cat “Bimbo”. Finder call 55052.
Lost—Elgin Star, yellow gold wrist watch, H. T. Clark engraved on band, at or around Purdue stadium. Liberal reward for return to H. T. Clark, 268 Littleton, W. Lafayette, 2401.
Will the person who accidently exchanged gray tweed topcoats at the Lambda Chi house Saturday night call 36692 and claim his coat.
Flat top desk, just like new at MOORE’S COLONIAL MARKET, 220 No. Fifth Street.
Lost—eBooks and slide rule taken from radio in men’s lounge of Union Building Friday. Return to main desk in Union.
Lost—Male red-brown Irish set-
A. S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do do in G. A. Young’s office. . —WELDY. Sigma Delta Chi—Important meeting at 7 p. m. Oct. in! tile XIitidN« —HUNT. Union Sophomores — My ’ committee will meet in the Union- sub-basement at 4 p. m. Oct. 13. . ' tt-BIETH.
Discussion Group—Meeting Oct. 14 at 7'.SO p. m. in room 1, Subject is “M^ha ics of Boredom”. —KUEHN.
Union Sophomores — My committee will report to Rieth Oct. 13 at 4 p. m. in the subbasement. —STALLINGS.
Chess Club—First round matches of the Chess club tournament must be played off by Oct. 15 or be forfeited. —STALLINGS.
Phi Tan Sigma—Important meeting Oct. 14 at 7:30 p. m. in the Phi Gam house. Be there. —WAIT.
Scrivener—Business meeting at Culture Hall, 116 Sheets St., Oct. 13 at 8 p. m. for organization. Staff and others interested be present. —WHITCOMB.
Flying Club—Meeting Oct. 13 at 7:30 p. m. in room A, Union. —SMITH.
Radio Club—Will hold an important meeting in reception room of Union at 7:30 p. m. Oct. 13. All members urged to attend. —BIERNSTEIN.
Basic Students—Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFOED.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting Oct. 14 in room A, Union. All members be present. —KUECK.
Vesper Services—Oct. 13 at 4:05 p. m. at the Wesley Foundation House. Rev. McFadden will discussus the beginnings of Christianity. —McEACHRON.
ESTERDAY /f was discovery day Every day more students discover they get more for their money in Crown Cleaning Service. In addition to having their clothes scientifically cleaned and pressed, they are protected against moth damage by MONITE mothproofing Process. No extra charge for this sei^vice.
Laundry
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Freshman Co-eds—Sign up in W. S. G. A. office Oct. 13 after 4 p. m. for freshman tour of library on Oct. 14 at 4 p. m. —PITTMAN.
P. I. A.—Following people are requested to meet in the P. I. A. office at 4 p. m. Oct. 13: D. Logan, J. D. Fulmer, T. H. Kimmell, J. E. Wilson, J. L. Wilson, T. K| Parkinson, W. Jl. Wilhelm, H. R. Christy, J. Cline, H. Clevenger, R. C. Silverthorn, P. Bruner, W. McElyea, G. J. Dix, F. Barrett, I. Boehm, S. Zussin, D. M. Patterson, M. Blalock, Mary Humphries, P. Swick, B. Sweeney, Wm. Feldman, T. Frame, D. Wait, L. O. Buxton, B. F. Carton, C. W. Cox, E. N. Cox, and K. L. Atchley. —PARKHURST.
Playshop Board—Meeting Oct. 13 at 4:30 . m. Bring expense accounts.' Important. —BUBLITZ.
Playshop—Stage crew report in sub-base-ment at 4 p. m. Oct. 13. —KETGHAM.
Senior Counselors—Meeting Oct. 13 at 4 p. m. in lecture room of Stanley Coulter
Hall. Dr. S. J. Miller will talk on “Counseling Students Concerning Their Health,” and Prof. O. C. Trimble will lecture on ‘"The Psychology of Counseling.” Bring schedule cards for G. E. 109. Last chance to register for this course. —WALTERS.
Catalyst Club—Important business meeting at 7 p. m. Oct. 16 at the S. A. E. house. Keys will be distributed. —STROM.
W. A. A. Hockey—Freshman and junior practice Oct. 13 at 4 p. m. —THOMPSON.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Meeting Oct. 13 at 7:16 p. m. in office. —FELDT.
Delta Rho Kappa—Important meeting at 5 p. m. Oct. 13 in Union.
Louisiana State University is adding loo new courses to the curriculum for the 1936-37 session.
Looking Backward
October 12, 1935 Boilermakers trounce Fordham Rams, 20 to 0. “B” football team edges out 12 to 6 victory over Illinois “B” squad. Student Senate raises price of student automobile tags from 26 cents to two dollars. Susanne Elliott, daughter of President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, is married to Jack Arlon Larsh, of Chicago. University harriers lose dual meet. to Illinois runners, 30 to 48.
Its a Liqht Smoke!
To feel good after smoking - It’s not just the pleasure a fellow gets out of smoking Lu^y Strikes... it’s feeling good after smoking! Fresh as a daisy. A clean taste in your mouth. And when you start singing in your bath—your voice clear as a bell! That's the great thing about a light smoke. Lucky Strikes—being made from the finest centerleaf tobaccos—taste good. And because they’re a light smoke, you feel good smoking them. And after smoking them, tool
NEWS FLASH!
★ ★
A clean taste—a clear throat—what a joy when you wake up in the morning I Ypii’ll be thankful that lost evening you chose a light smoke—Luckies.
''Sweepstakes" bring pleasure
to war veterans From a veterans' home in Legion, Texas, a number of entries all in the same handwriting come in each week. Of course we checked up to make sure that the entries conformed to the rules, and one of the men explained: "Most of the boys can’t get around—but I do and so I fill out their cards for them." We’re glad to say that the boys have been pretty good pickers, too. Have you entered yet? Have you won your delicious Lucky Strik.es? Tune in "Your Hit Parade”— Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen, judge, and compare the tunes —then try Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today and try them, too. Maybe you’ve been missing something. You’ll appreciate the advantages of Luckies—a Light Smoke ofricli,ripe-bodied tobacco.
OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED/TOBACCO - "IT'S TOASTED'*
CopgrUsht 198C, TIu AnMflMwTpb«eeo Cmp»ar