I ■
Beveridge Speech Contest Will Open Thursday Afternoon Finals Set For Thursday, Oct. 22, In HE Auditorium The preliminary round of the Beveridge Speech Contest will be held this Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 310 of University Hall. All freshmen may participate in the contest, which is sponsored by the Forensic Board. Anyone wishing to sign up for the contest may do so in University Hall anytime before Thursday. Winner Gets Hays Cup The winner ofT;he contest will be given permanent possession of the Hays cup, presented by the Hays Jewelry /Company of Lafayette. Winners of the first seven places will receive participation points, which will count toward the all-year fraternity participation race. The organization winning the niost points will have possession of the Ankeny Cup for one year. Finals of the Beveridge Contest will be held in the Home Economics Auditorium on Tuesday evening, October 22. The nine finalists will automatically be placed on the fieshman debate team. Further information may be secured from Kalph Hultgren, telephone 5083. U. S. Army Air Corps Graduates 7 Former University Students Seven former University students have recently been graduated from the Army Air Corps training school at Kelly Field, Tex., according to an announcement from the United States Army Air Corps. These men have completed ten weeks of CAA training, ten weeks of the basic training course at Randolph Field, Tex., and ten weeks of advanced training at Kelly Field. They will receive commissions as second lieutenants in the U. S. Army Air Corps Reserve. Those graduated are John C Layson, Chattanooga, Tenn., Robert C. Root, Chicago, Edwin A. Woods, Chicago, Lyman K. Harvey, Lakewood, 0., G. S. Welch, Wilmington, Del., Emmett E. McClarren, Crawfordsville, and T. O. Marshall, Culver. Four of the graduates, Layson, Root, McClarren and Marshall, have been assigned to the Gulf Coast Air Coi ps Training Center for additional instruction to qualify them as flying instructors, j.h.a. 'Give More Aftenfion To Religion' --Wicks Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, dean of the Princeton University Chapel, addressed the first religious convocation of the year, Sunday, with a warning that “if we like the fruits of freedom, we should give more attention to the religious root.” Dr. Wicks pointed out that the leal question we face today is, “What to believe?” Confusion, brought on by advice from many quarters, is chiefly responsible for the present “bewildered generation,” according to the speaker. President E. C. Elliott introduced Dr. Wicks following an organ prelude by Miss Joanne Lloyd, daughter of Prof. O. G. Lloyd. Music for the service was provided by the University Concert Choir, r.l.h. Robert Waugh Places First In Dairy Contest Robert K. Waugh, Ag ’41, was high scoring individual in the national collegiate dairy judging contest at the National Dairy show in Harrisbutg, Pa., last Saturday. He woh a prize of $600 for placing first. The scholarship, which is good at any institution that Waugh may choose after graduation, was donated by the American Jersey cattle club. The Purdue team in addition to Waugh, was composed of P. R. Delong, W. C. Gall, R. G. Ralston, and J. 0. Yoder. The team, which placed fifth in a field of twenty-five teams from as many states, was second in judging Holsteins and Guernseys and fourth in placingr of Brown Swiss, t.b.n.
>1*1 1% ' 1< The Purdue
Exponent
Volume 52, No. 31
Tuesday, October 15, 1940
Peace Group Fails ToGainPermissiqn For Demonstration 'No Conscription Protest Meeting Now' — Belcher Purdue Peace Fellowship, a student organization, failed to gam permission from President E. C. Elliott last night to conduct a meeting and demonstration tomorrow ( conscription registration day) against the Selective Training and Service Act. According to President Elliott, “This IS an American Institution and we intend to maintain it as such.” Conscription Protest The peace fellowship met last Tuesday “to consider what was to be done m regard to conscription day, m as much as the coming of conscription means the loss of the freedom of the individual.” They had planned to wear and distribute black arm-bands tomorrow, and meet at 7:30 o’clock tomorrow evening in Michael Golden Shops. The groups also intended to initiate a movement for the repeal of the bill. After failing to gain permission to hold a meeting, R. 0. Belcher, advisor to the peace fellowship, said that “as a group we will do nothing further toward this meeting, but as individuals we may mourn m our minds.” He also stated that “there was at no time any intention of interfering with the operation of this law.” Complete text of Belcher’s statement last night to the Exponent: The application of conscription will mean a loss of civil liberty and denial of the democratic way we seek to defend. Believing that peace time conscription meant the surrender of the essentials of the American way, we felt it appropriate in all humility to symbolicly mourn that fact. There was at no time any intention of interfering with the operation of that law; laws on the statute book are to be obeyed. Nevertheless, we believe it the democratic duty of those who believe that a law is harmful in, its effect, to work by all legal means for its repeal or alteration. This we proposed to do. We believe thpt there are serious grounds for challenging the necessity of this law. We sought peaceable opportunity to present those grounds to any interested. As a fellowship we will do nothing further toward ' this meeting, but as individuals we may mourn in our minds. R. O. Belcher. Marriage Students To Discuss Religion Problems of a religious nature will be discussed at the next meeting of the marriage course on Thursday, according to H. E. Wilkening, who is in charge of the course. Dr. Graham of the First Presbyterian Church, Rabbi Simon of the Tjemple Israel, and Father Chapman of the St. Mary’s Catholic Church, will speak to the group. They Will discuss questions relating to marriage in their respective religions, and will take the problems which arise through mixed marriages. Today Lasi Day For Sophs To Gel Wisconsin Tickets Today is the last day for sopho-^ mores to exchange their passport coupons for tickets at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse for the Wisconsin (Homecoming) game. Freshmen tickets will be exchanged Wednesday and Thursday. Those students who wish to obtain seats outside the student section may do so upon payment of the federal tax. n.z.
4T 500 Attend Ag Education Group AIEE Meeting; Hears lehner Talk Hear Thomas On Co-op Movement
Five hundred people listened to Dr. Phillip Thomas, of Westinghouse laboratories, lecture on the Westinghouse Sterilamp or “death ray” at the regular meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in the Electrical Engineering Building last night. Dr. Thomas brought with him from the East Pittsburgh experimental laboratories of the Westinghouse Company, special generating equipment for producing an ultraviolet ray that will kill harmful bacteria in the air m a very short period of time. In his experiment. Dr. Thomas killed a number of paramecium, the shadows of whom were magnified several hundred times and projected on a screen. The commercial use of this lamp in hospital operating rooms is reported to have reduced operating fatalities resulting from infection due to bacteria in the air of the operating room by 95 per cent. Dr. Thomas illustrated his wellreceived lecture by the use of interesting color movies of the East Pittsburgh laboratories, his colleagues, and the various experiments'they conducted there. ' Particularly interesting were his photographs of stress colors in metallic bars under various conditions. By use of a special isotope, the Uranium 235, Westinghouse has been able to “freeze” these colored stress patterns and study them at will,
b.v.d.
Dr. Gillam Appointed Ag Chem Professor Dr. W. S. Gillam has been appointed assistant professor of agricultural chemistry to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Dr. D. H. Sieling, who has accepted a position as research professor in the department of chemistry at Massachusetts State college. Dr. Gillam graduated from DePauw university and received his master's and doctor’s degrees at the University of Nebraska, where he had charge of the teaching of soil chemistry until 1938. Following this he served as assistant professor of soil chemistry at Michigan State temporarily. Dr. Gillam has written a number of papers dealing with the chemistry of soils, t.b.n. U. S. Agriculture Dept. Releases Farm Film “Power and Land,” a new documentary motion picture on rural electrification has been released by the United States Department of Agriculture, it was announced yesterday by Director H. J. Reed of the agricultural extension service. The film shows how a farm community, handicapped by lack of electricity, is able to get electric current for light and power through the formation of an REA cooperative organization. Principal characters in the picture are members of the Parkinson Clan, a farm family,^ living in eastern Ohio, and are typical of the 600,000 families who have obtained • electric service through the REA.
t.b.n.
Kappa Sigtna . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: Art Beddoe, president; Alvie Brown, vice-president; Bob Burrows, master Ojf ceremonies; John Burkhardt, scribe; Dick Thomas, treasurer; Charles Kirk and Randy Harris, guards. j.e.c.
Says Plan Will Effect Wealth Redistribution The consumer co-operative movement came as a “response to an economic need,” Lehner declared in sketching the story of the organization of the first successful co-opera-tive in Rochdale, England in 1843. He showed that all successful plans since have been based on the same common-sense principles set up by the original group. Lehner suggested in closing that the co-operative movement offered a better''and more democratic way for the ultimate redistribution of wealth than the present “soak the rich” methods. He described the work of the Pennsylvania organizations, which have Expanded two hundred fold since thCir inception in 1936 with a capital of/ only one thousand dollars, and the English cooperatives with their billion-dollar business. Voluntary Organization “A co-operative is a voluntary organiza.tion of consumers to secure goods'^ and services for themselves at cost,” said Anthony Lehner last night in an address before an audience of members of the Agriculitural Education Society and members of local co-op house organizations. Lehner, head of the department of education and organization of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Federation, spoke on the “Economic Function of Consumer Cooperatives” in the east faculty lounge of the Un-
ion.
Consumer Savings In addition to the savings for consumers made through co-opera-tives there are also benefits through higher quality of products and assurance of honest dealings, Lehner said. “Wherij you are running your own busines^, you don’t cheat yourself,” he explained. Lehner was born and educated in Germany, and has since been active in the consumer co-operative movement in various parts of the country. In 1932 he was put in charge of the Indiana Department of Education. He joined the staff of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Federation in 1937. A discussion period followed the address, j.h.a. Co-ed Rushees Sent
Dinner Invitations Co-ed rush will continue with dinners at the various sorority houses tonight, Wednesday, and Thursday, at 5:30 with entertainment after the dinners until 8:30. Invitations were received yesterday, and each rushee will have an opportunity to visit three houses for dinner. The sororities are planning various themes for the dinners and entertainment afterwards. Rush will be concluded with preference dinners Friday night. Pledging will take place on Saturday, m. j.c. Horl Sodety Members Plan Outing Tomorrow Members of the University Horticultural Society will sponsor un outing in the form of a wiener roast tomorrow evening, according to Henry R. Resner. Car,s will leave the Horticulture Building at 4:30 p, m. For those who cannot leave at 4:30, additional cars will leave at 6:00 p. m. Student Union
Kent Famed Artist Explorer, Speaks At Tonight's Convo 'Art For Everyone' Subject Of Lecture tn Hall Of Music Noted not only as one of the foremost American artists but also as an adventurer-explorer and as an author, Rockwell Kent comes to the campus tonight to speak at the first regularly scheduled convocation of the year. The program will begin at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. ■ Primarily noted as an artist for his paintings in oil and water color, Kent also is widely known as an engraver, lithographer, and illustrator. His work is distinetly American, and embodies an extremely personal style. Feeling that development of his work necessitated a trip to Alaska in 1917, Kent financed the expedidition in a novel way by selling
Rockwell Kent
. .. will present its regular twice monthly tea dance this afternoon from 4 to 6:30 p. m. in the north ballroom in the Union. The dance will be open and free to all students
bearing passports. La-n.
Aufomofive Engineers Plan Inspedion Trip To International Plant Plans, for an ipspection trip October 17 by automotive engineering students to the engine plant of the International Harvester Company, Indianapolis, are complete, according to Professor H. M. Jacklin of the School of Mechanical Engineering. Under present arrangements, seniors in mechanical engineering will arrive at the plant Thursday afternoon at 2 o’clock. They will be conducted through the plant by factory representatives. At 6:36 p. m. a dinner meeting is planned. The dinner will be attended by the members of the Indiana branch of the Sodety of Automotive Engineers, and by students, faculty, and the military department staff from the University. Following the dinner meeting. Lieutenant Colonel Christmas of the Aberdeen proj\n[ng grounds will present an illustrated lecture on “Automotive Ordnam^e.” Reservations should be made in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Elliott Will Present ROTO Medals Today In a special ceremony to be held at 11 o’clock this morning in the Armory, Preddent E. C. Elliott will present mfedals to winners of the various ROTC awards. Three medals will be awarded to the outstanding military students of their class at the end of their freshman year. Recipients of these medals will be Cadet A. L. Jackson, gold medal; Cadet D. L. Conger, silver medal; and Cadet R. A. Johnson, bronze medal. Winners of awards for pre-emin-ence in pistol competition will receive medals from the National Rifle Association. These winners are Cadet J. D. Brummett in class A and Cadets D. R. Faut, W. G. Yoder, R. W. Gebhart, and K. W. Kettenring in class B. The Chicago Tribune award will also be made, d.s. Seab For Playshop Produdion Available Reserved seat tickets for “Susan and God" ^re now available at the Playshop office, in the rear of Fowler Hall. Stubs may be taken over or may be mailed in. The Playshop office hours are listed in the Reason ticket books and seats are being reserved rapidly, m-jf.
Immediately following the convocation, Student Union will hold a reception in the Great Hall of the Union at which all students, faculty members, and townspeople are invited to meet Kent. Celesta music will be played during the reception by Rosemary Robinson, and refreshments will be served.
$5,000 worth of stock in himself. When he returned he described his explorations in his book, “Wilderness.” Profits from sales of this volume and paintings made on the trip enabled him subsequently to buy up the stock. Explores Too Further expeditions to Terra Del Fuego and Greenland have established Kent’s reputation as an explorer, while his books “N by E,” “Voyaging” and “This Is My Own” have made him one of the bestknown American travel writers. In connection with Kent’s appearance at tonight’s convocation, the Union is shomng an exhibit of 40 of his wood-cuts, lithographs, pen and pencil drawings loaned by the Wehne Galleries of New York. 33ie display, located in the Music Room of the Union, will continue until October 25. j.h.a. Military Ball Designs Due This Afternoon The Military Ball backdrop contest deadline has been set for this evening at 5 o’clock by Lee Norquest, chairman of the committee in charge of decorations for the dance. Entries for the contest should be placed in a sealed envelope addressed to Norquest and left at the west desk of the Union. ' Since only a few entries have been received to date, plans submitted today have a good chance of winning, Norquest said last night. Louis E. Aull, chairman of the ball, yesterday announced the following committee: K. L. Thompson, tickets; C. L. Norquest, decorations; J. R. Blackwell, pubHcity; B. W. Gibson and W. A. Way:^, miscellaneous; F. J. Roth, contact; J. D. Brummett, programs; and J. B. Storms, invitations. Aull is in charge of signing the orchestra for the ball. ' Complimentary tickets to the Military Ball will be awarded to the persons who subnpdfe the best two designs, and all stndents are eligible, according to Norquest. j.e.c. Urbain Will Spdak At AChS Meeting The University section of American Chemical Society will meet tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in room lOff of the ChsmisBry BiOShling to hear Dr. W. M. Urbain, member of the research depiartmoat of Swift and Company, talk on “The Chemical Nature ^ the Color of Meat.” His talk “will be more of a technical rather than of a popular ture,” Dr. Urhaip said in a statement released yesterday. After the meeting the society will hold a dinner in the Union.PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 15, 1940
I'lf' fAi 'k-
Special to the Exponent — Somewhere en-route to Mink, Mont. (Oct. 16.) Of course, it’s a little late to get in on it now because the train left last night, but there is no denying it sure is a swell idea. Too bad more of you fellows couldn’t have come with us. Just who thought up the idea we will probably never know, but we want to go on record here and now as giving that man a vote of thanks.
We were all sitting around Saturday night heistmg a few or four as has been the wont of late and the conversation turned to the draft and how to evade it. Good cheer flowed freely as the fight waxed hot and when we crawled from our hole in the cold grey dawn we found the following memorandum in the typewriter.
(1) If we were on the draft board we could declare ourselves exempt. ^ (2) If we were the only people in town they would have to make us chief stooges on the board. (3) Mink, Mont., a tangible dot on the map, has a population of one. (4) Said population is all female and therefore not qualified to sit on the board. (5) The train for Mink leaves Sunday night. tft * Hi For all late comers who can afford to hop a plane and get to Mink in time to register: we will gladly de-
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section llOS, act of October S, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors; W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L, Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate EMitors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor ... J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Traugott Issue Editor: Novey Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: R. L. Hadley, V. Barson, J. H. Armstrong, E W. McCullough, R. H. Van Deusen, J. C. Crutchfield, M. Fantong, A Worsely, A. Chatfield, M. J. Fox, M. McHaffie, N. Zachery.
After Five Years
Letter To The Editor
Editor’s note: The Daily Collegian, student newspaper at Pennsylvania State college, has asked the individuals who served it as editor since 1925 to write an editorial “they would most like to address to Penn State students today.” The following is an article written by John Brutzman, The Collegian’s editor in 1935: By JOHN BRUTZMAN, Penn State ’35 It was great fun, a few years ago, being a Liberal. If you were a college student, you enlisted as a member of the League against War 'and Fascism or the American Student Union, and there you were. Any league against war and Fascism looks pretty funny today, and the A. S. U.’s refusal to condemn Russia’s aggression has led to suspicion that all is not well in that organization. Communism, which counted many sincere supporters among idealists, received well-deserved repudiation when Stalin made his sordid deal with Germany and began to absorb small neighboring states in a definitely “imperialistic” manner. The world apathetically watched French industrialists force the Popular Front government out of power and join forces with the Tories of England to set the stage for what today looks like the complete subjugation of human rights in Europe under Hitler—^who, incidentally, wasn’t gentleman enough to enslave only his own people, but whq now has his greedy eye on the wa^e slaves of the same Tories who assisted him to his present success. - • The liberal looks around this country wondering where to turn. Should it be the Republicans? We know one well; when we think of his administration we think of four things—the abolition of firecrackers, castration of workmen’s compensation, female labor in factories until midnight, and the return of long underwear and high button shoes to the place they deserve in the hearts of Americans. ' Should it be to the Democrats, who nave admittedly accomplished much needed social reforms, but largely through the aid of some of the rottenist city machines this country has ever known ? Should a liberal enthusiastically support a policy that continues to permit large shipments of scrap iron and oil to Japan, despite the current hurrah about licensing? And what do YOU highly eligible members of the new $30-a-month army thing about it all, as profit-hungry industrialists continue to sabotage the country’s defense program. Are you ready to die for Democracy and the Tin Supply while Congress solemnly prepares to kick the cover off the excess profits tax ? You’d better think these things through while you’ve a chance in the isolation of' college life, for when you emerge into the broad bible belts of Pennsylvania, you’re liable to get all confused by the praise still rising for the Almighty Dollar and the Great Engineer. This very tired liberal has.
WBAA
TUESDAY 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton—^pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz—^pianist 12:15—Sportsman Corner 12T30—^Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Just Relax 1:16—^Lest We Forget 1:30—Afternoon Melodies 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—^Harmony Hall 2:15—^Magic Carpet ' 2:30—^Parent Forum 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Parade of Business 3:16—Allan Prescott , 3:80—Organ Moods—Glenn Paxton \ 4:00—^Heard in the Hallway 4:80—Exponent pf the Air 4:46—Story Book Hour
Ouerry?
Have you enjoyed the added Values of Gleaning via. Sanitone?
CM Vs Today—Why Delay!
NEW LIFE For OLDER GARMENTS .
American
132 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Purdue’s Interesting
dare you ineligible for a nominal fee. Thought aside : When this hits Purdue the boys will all dig out for Mink so we might as well hop off this freight and get back to Purdue and pull this scheme at home.—j.c.w.
Dear Sir: I read with approval the article on the front page of Sunday’s Exponent concerning the day of mourning to be held on Registration day. Then I turned the paper over and read, also with approval, the editorial on the peace demonstration carried on by the A. S. U., an editorial, I felt, that treated the demonstration in a patronizing manner as an adolescent outbreak of maladjusted students. Freedom of opinion and expression surely isn’t dead here at Purdue where two such opposing articles can appear in the same paper on the same day. However, since I sincerely think that conscription is not democratic nor necessary, I can’t agree with the implication that the Day of Mourning is merely a crack-brain idea. The students who want to wear these black bands are not exhibitionists demonstrating against the University or Registration on a personal aversion basis; but, rather, the demonstration is a far-sighted, all-inclusive objection to what they consider the first step of a threat to everyone’s individuality and liberty. Isn’t it paradoxical to claim that liberty can be maintained only by methods whose very nature is opposed to liberty ? After we’ve saved liberty won’t we find we’ve saved a corpse ? Isn’t it paradoxical to claim that Nazism can be prevented by methods inherent in Nazism? The Day of Mourning is protest not only against the loss of liberty, but against such distorted thinking. Sincerely yours, . Caroline Britton.
Bold & Black
Keith Correll, Delt, is learning fast. Last Thursday night, the girl friend from home came down to see him and arrived so late that she couldn’t get in the residence halls; at least tha/fc’s his story. Not having any place to stay, they spent the night in Frosty Sprowl’s car. What’s the matter with the hotels ?
-B & B—■
Mary Jane Bachelder of the Pi Phis had stocking trouble in the Sweet Shop Sunday night and almost started a riot. Some of the boys present are going back hoping for an encore. Gosh, it’s getting so we can’t even study in the Sweet Shop any more without somebody trying to entertain us.
-B &B-
At least one Harvard graduate is in a Canadian prison camp. He is Ernst (Putzi) Hanfstaengl, former foreign press chief and friend of Hitler, who at the outbreak of the war was interned in England, where he was in exile. Word of his whereabouts has been received by his son, Egon Hanfstaengel, now a Harvard sophomore.
Warning to wajnvard sons. Stay away from a frail by the name of
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
RANGE! FORTUN
fKi MTiici* Him , MacMURRAY-MORISON'OEKKER Li.111— I
■VhmMJp
-TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
JAMES CAGNEY ANN SHERIDAN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
People By Donna Siess
Mais, oui, mais certainment. Prance’s contribution to our campus is but definitely all right. Like ^ost Frenchmen, Guy Besnard (pronounced Ge Benar), is a little dark haired fellow—^very good looking, may we add, whose eyes sparkle with the vim and flashiness characteristic of true descendants of those whose fifty million can’t be wrong. His manners of genteel politeness seem to have carried over to this country judging from his greeting of “Bon jour. Mademoiselle” and his reserved treatment of the opposite sex. Purdue and co-education—^the French don’t mix with them—came about when Guy’s father was transferred to the U. S. to continue his duties as a French commander. This hiberish jiberish of an English language was definitely unfamiliar to Guy, and so learning 20 words a day, he now, after one year and two months residence here, speaks our tongue with only an accent hint. German can also be listed among French tove “It” his tongues. Wow, the man said “it”—meaning in Prance, they talk abouj; “it”.— Heck, not the American “it” (Clara Bow, original). In elucidation, the French sit around a dining room table and talk about “it” — Guy doesn’t know just what, but, around the friendly wine claret, they discuss life and stuff. All in contrast to these speedy Americans who gobble and run. “Let’s go have a short beer,” doesn’t appeal to Guy, who thinks American beer is terrible. Over there they take it like H20. Incidentally Guy is in the ME school with the hopes of aeronautical engineering in the future. Personally, we like these Frenchmen. At least one of those fifty million is o. k. —^yours for more interest—
“You didn’t have to double-dare them!”
Jean Prankenberry. She’s dangerous. The other day she took poor little innocent Bill Simpson, SPE, for two bucks playing poker and he still goes back for more.
Peterson, Billiard Expert,
Comes To Campus 0(1.31
-B & B—
Jeanette Morehouse, junior Debris editor, is beginning to think that she’s haunted by the little men and devils who are always spying on her. Poor Jeanette can’t turn around these days without someone telling her about it the next day at the office.’ It’s really bad when your/signs begin to catch up with you; isn’t it, Jeanette?
Billiard enthusiasts will have a chance to observe an expert in action when the trick-shot artist, Charles C. Peterson, comes to the campus, October 31. The world-fam-ous master will give exhibitions in the Union ballroom at 4 and 8 o’clock on the evening of October 31, and again on Novembei 1 in the billiard room.
-B &B-
“Smiley” Clark, SPE prexy, handed in his formal application to the “I Want To Be' A Captain, Too” club by pinning Kappa Janet Pickering. Janet’s father, you know, is Colonel Pickering of the U. S. Field Artillery. Congratulations, Clark. Nice piece of work.
Dr. Proelich G. Rainey of the University of Alaska has discovered a town-site indicating a nonEskimo race lived 100 miles above the Arctic circle thousands of years ago.
CRAWS BAKERY
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
AUXAMDER KORDA
1
ffiinUND (OWE MURDER ON DIAMOND
EDGAR WALLACE
— AND-
Ride The Trail To Flaming
mm chahibs < Swam
. . I A Columbia Pkt»K4
ALSO
TERRY AND THE PIRATES
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
-TODAY-TOMORRW-DOUBLE FEATURE
BING CROSBY JOAN BLONDELL MISCHA AUER BABY SANDY — IN — ^AST SIDE OF HEAVEN
• PLUS —
Eric Maria Remarque's Great Novel THE ROAD BACK It Will Shock You!
-ADDED —
A SCREEN DEBATE MARTIN HARRY DIES Ys BRIDGES SHOULD BRIDGES BE DEPORTED?
MkIXMD wm % '»• ^neui. moon
PLUS—2ND FEATURE.. UNTAMED RULER OF I PRIMITIVE PARADISE
VICTOK t ION FRRNCEf fflMIlEN-HAIL-FARMER
h
(Y
< 1
I) t k
5!
vf
A I ATu^day, October 15, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Eta Kappa Nu: Important rneeting concemlilK elections at 7:80 p. m. on Wednesday, October 16, in room 806 of the Union. —HOLCOMB.
WSGA Executive Board: ReKUlar meeting on Wednesday, October 16, at 7:80 p. m. in the WSGA office. __ZWIER]miN. Christian Science. Organization:' R^ular meeting will be held Thursday, October 17, at 7:80 p. m. in room 802 of the Union, It will be followed W n vote on new members. All members please be prMent. —GRI
meet on Wednesday and Thursday, October 16 and 17, at 7:80 p. m. in room 802 of' the Union. , • —LUERS.
MPFIN.
Dolphin Club; Meeting in room 104 of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, October 16, at 7:16 p. m. —SILER.
All Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the Armory for the third novice pistol firing which starts October 22. 16-40 —WASSMAN.
Independent Men: Those interested in Binging in the PIA men’s chorus sign up iff PIA office in Union Building or contact Smule'vitz. There are still ten vacancies. —SMULEVITZ.
Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met Engineering magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, Octbber 22. See any of the following: John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kraybill, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. —MASSEY.
Newman Club: EX^ecutive meeting at 4:15 p. m. on Thursday, October 17, in room 302 of the Union. —McCONAHAY.
Hoof and Horn: First regular meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 7:80 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. Motion pictures. —HURST.
Weightlifters Meet Everyone interested in weightlifting is urged to be present at an important meeting of the Weightlifters club Wednesday evening at 7:30 in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. w.h.h.
October 21, at 8 p. m. Place will be announced later. - —STEVENS.
All Yell Leaders: Report to the stadium at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 16. If it rains go to the Fieldhouse. —DELMER.
Ceres: Meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 22. . —JOHNSON.
Hydraulics (CE 41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16. —F. W. GREVE.
Newman Club: Contact committee .meeting Thursday, October 17, at 4 p. m. in the Union. Please bring in all tickets and membership cards. —McCONAHAY.
Purdue Flying Club: There will be a meeting Wednesday, October 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. All members are requested to be present. —GREVE.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes.-Re-port to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER.
Civil Camp Refund: Checks are ready for the following: Von Behren, Curran, Walker, Pace, Love, B. A. Johnson, Jones, George. —LOMMBL.
Co-ed Fencers: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 7:16 p. m. in East Reception Room. Refreshments will be served. —McCONAHAY.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Organization meeting Tuesday, October 16, in room 306 of the Union. Everybody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
Union Workers: Bum Boom and Putter- - ing Room committee will meet Tuesday, October 16, at 4:16 p. m., instead of Monday, October 14. —WOLFF.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 7:16 p. m. in the East Reception Room. Refreshments will be served. —McCONAHAY.
Newman Club: Discussion groups will
Union Committee: Meeting at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday, October 16, in room 328 of the Union. ; j —KERN. Kappa Psi: Meetipg at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 16, in room 205 of the Pharmacy Building. Bring dues. —SCHAEFER.
Trade and Industrial Education Students: Iota ^Lambda Delta get-acquainted dinner meeting for all T & I E students will be held Friday, October 18, at 6 p. m. in Bast Faculty Lounge of the Union. Buy tickets before Wednesday, October 16, from Scott, room 209, Education Building. -ROSE.
Gold Peppers: Turn in orders for balloon sales Wednesday, October 16, at Pi Beta Phi house. —HITE.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have! It Phone 4354 We Deliver
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main\ Phone 2777
e Tailor
• Professional
J Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL..A. RISK DR.LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD..). RISK 4th & Main Phono 5701
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Wednes-j day, October 16, at 4 p. m. and Friday, October 18, at 4 p. m. for new members as well as old. —SWOPE.
Speech 60: Class will be held Tuesday night, October 16, but students will be dismissed in time to attend the convocation. —CARMICHAEL.
Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday,
Men’s and Women’s SCA and Clubs’ Representatives: Meeting Thursday, October 17, at 4:00 p. .n. in room 308 of the Union with the actives committees of PIA. —GRIFFIN.
Something New Every Hour • For the latest taste in foods. • For efficient service. • For economical prices visit the Grill where you are sure to find the kind of food that you desire.
J/UL fiWhdlUL WsumhdoL lAniofL The Corner of the Campm—^ Yet the Center of Activities
wilVi a
The LEE TEL «5.oo Willnotonlyimprove your Hat-i-tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the same old hat. The mirror C?ll8 the story. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat..:|3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t*Rea. U, 8. PATENT OFFICE
'Sfsi&h/tSi. are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00 500NAIN ST. —•
WAA News
Riflery schedule for tonight is as follf '€•30—Thaeles 7:00—Ann Tweedale 7:30—Coedda and Chi Omega 8:00—Kappa Alpha Theta 8:30—^Alpha Xi Delta —^waa— Don’t forget the WAA Pall Frolic, to be held Friday, Nov. 29, in the Memorial Union ballroom. Get your date early; we promise that you’ll have a good time. —^waa— Aquacade lovers will be glad to hear that the dates for the big event have been set for Nov. 28 and 29. As in previous years, the show will be put on by I'riton, the women’s swimming honorary, and Dolphin, the men’s swihimiijig honorary. Albert' Kleinsmith .... graduate assistant in the Department of Agricultural Chemistry since 1936 has completed all of his work for the Ph. D. degree and has accepted a position as chemist with the Central Soya company in Decatur, 111. t.b.n.
' Classified Ads FOR SALE Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407. Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent: Modern comfortable rooms. Privileges for three with baths. Phone 6074.
Siayfer To Tell AIChE Story Of Fiberglas American Institute of Chemical Engineers will have as its gucst speaker on Tuesday, October 22, James Slayter, ChE ’21, vice-presi-dent of the Owens-Corning Piberglas Corporation. Slayter, recognized by the National Association of Manufacturers as one of its “modem pioneers,” will tell the story of the development of fiherglas and will show samples of some of the many products evolved from early experimental work. “Piberglas” has, within nine years, developed into a wholly new industry, employing twelve hundred men and supplying some fifty different products for more than 565 uses. The talk will be at 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineerr ing Building, b.v.d. Greek Cross Country Rate Tomorrow At 4 Competing for honors tomorrow on the intramural field, will be all of ;the fraternity men interested in bringing the title of winner of the inter-fraternity cross country- ran__ to their respective houses. The awards given to the winners consist of a trophy for the winning fraternity with medals for individual winners. It is important that all contestants meet in the west end of the Fieldhouse promptly at 4 p. m. for numbers and instructions. Coach Herman Phillips will act as starter for the race, w.h.h.
For Rent: % room, single bed to Ag student who may work part time. 237 So. Grant.
Lost: Eversharp fountain pen near Chem, Met Building. Return Exponent office. Reward.
Lost: Sigma Nu pin engraved "F. E. L.BZ ’39.” Reward. Call Laramore 84444.
Entering students today are in much better physical condition than their predecessors, examinations of 1,000 freshmen entering Kent State University in Ohio show.
You’ll Do Better at REIFERS Fine Furniture, Rugs, Carpets, Linoleum and Draperies
REST ASSURED’
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blu^blozer Airconditioned
Fourth and Fenry
Lafayette
to have your senior picture taken for the Dehris. If you arCsa senior and have not had your picture taken please do so today. The photographer will he in Room 60, sub«hasemei|t of the Union from 8: OO to 5:30 today. • 1' Those who do not have their picture taken at this time will have to to Dexheiiper^Carlson in lndianap<dis. .
>A/A-i E
I r
! f
f.p.
-
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday^ October 15, 1940
Lon Mann, trainer of our gridders, and Dr. J. S. Miller, team physician, were using more tape than a stock market ticker last night in the fieldhouse in order to keep at least a quorum of Gold and Black uniforms in motion. —I-I— First of all there is the drastic Michigan State eifect on the squad. Dave Rankin is down with a broken nose; Bob Kersey is at a snail’s pace with hemotoma of the left leg calf, a sort of preliminary blood clot; Bill Combs is suffering (in silence) with a jarred knee; and Ted Axton received an accentuation of his exposed shoulde.r nerve pain, a condition that cannot be rectified. There are many maneuvers that occurred up there in the North Country Saturday which we can’t understand, and never will. Paramount Bryant Brock was given the starting call—to pass, because Rankin had won the toss and Purdue was to have a terrific south wii^d in its back during the initial quarter. But Brock didn’t pass, and didn’t pass, and Purdue didn’t score, either. I’m not a coach, but Brock didn’t start to run with the ball. Maybe the passing situation didn’t present itself, but the south wind stayed all afternoon and manufactured ,a passing situation. —I-I— The star of the game from the defeated standpoint waS' big John Petty. Petty seems to gain a few more pistons of horse power with each delivery of the ball. Michigan fans were simply dismayed by the ability of Petty to carry tenacious State defense men. Michigan State linemen resembled equestrians as they rode about the playing field astride John’s powerful shoulders.
I could dig deep into Webster’s adjectives and,not quite find enough to hurl bouquets at John Petty, a man whb looks brilliant in defeat. _I.I_ Like the majority of Purdue’s football players, John doesn’t like publicity, but when we shut our eyes and see Big John rumbling along with three men clinging to him, we can’t help but put it down in writing. His performance is and was magnificent. —II— Then there was the unhearalded Bill Combs, a slight en^ of 180 poqnds. Bill turned in s^fme sweet end play in stopping Mich. State excursions around his lend. Twice Bill had the press box in delirium
Jim Miller
with his fight with a blocker and ball caiTiers which he eventually won after battling all the way across the field. —I-I— The fracas presented a panorama of the unsung hero; the guard, Jim Miller didn’t get a great number of tackles, but the red head did dump enemy formations of interference all over the grass. Jim doesn’t go about his work in a spirited manner. He seeps through ,the line, throws himself in the path of running ball carrier protection and prays to goodness and everything else that someone will get the un-
protected ball carrier. Jim’s a steady ball player, looking for no surceas^e while he’s in there, and he’s not hoodwinked by any sly stuff. -I-I— Now we take up the man who played as if he were insane, Captain Dave Rankin. Rankin received a painful fracture of his nose. Dave has had his nose broken before, but never like this one. Personally, I’ve seen a multitude of injured maps, but never like this one. Dave’s nose was smashed beyond recognition, and he was sick from loss of blood and dizziness, which always accompanies any head injury that tears cartilage tissue. With a bloo^ covered jersey, his head whirling in pain, and his hands trying to stave off defeat, Rankin threw his entire body into a hopeless cause; he didn’t star, but he had that undescribable stuff. -1-1— Bill Neff, senior tackle who is as slow as the seven year itch, but nevertheless, in our opinion, as good as any tackle we’ve got when it comes to defense, played a whale of a game up at State last Saturday. Neff wasn’t fooled once, and twice he broke into the enemy formations to sabotage any yardage attempts. A total of seven yards were gained through him in eight attempts, and when the gun sounded, Bill was still standing like the Rock of Gibraltar. Bill has never played a lot of ball, but watch him from now on. In two weeks, he’ll be turned loose on some friends from his home town, Madison, and I pity those Badgers when that towering engineer. Bill Neff, wraps around ’em. —I-I-There isn’t time to write about the blocking of Bob Kersey, but we’ll try to elaborate upon this Indianapolis youth’s commendable protection campaign.
• Large Assortment' of Nationally Known Candies Martha Washington, Schraffts, Bunte. • Special This Month—Halloween Sundae.
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
University Drug Store Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Hansell, ’37
• Fraferflity Badges • Guards • Rings • Gifts • Favors • Programs • Clocks • Student Radios • Trophies • Key Chains BUR-PAT STORE 113 North'westem Ave. ' Phone 2523
THE INSURED HAT
YOU ARE ALWAYS SAFE WHEN WEARING AN AETNA HAT A new hat to you absolute* ly tree it you're not entirely satisfied with its becoming* ness and quality. Try on an Aetna Hat at your favorite men's wear store. Aetna is made by Lee of Danbury, me.^r> of the famous Lee Water*Bioc H^ at45.Q0. Also the Danvmy for the young fellows at $9.95 and Lee Hats for Boys^$L95 *-■$2.95 and up.
Intramural Sports SOFTBALL Tuesday, October 15
Diamond
1. Ward 26 vs Ward 31 Ward 30 vs Ward 24 Ward 21 vs Ward 27 Ward 13 vs Ward 25 Ward 14 vs Ward 10 Ward 28 vs Ward 5
Ward 11 vs Ward 4 ,
Ward 9 vs Ward 2 Ward 8 vs Ward 1
Alpha Tau Omego vs Tap Kappa Ep-
silon (H. Goldstein)
Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Phi Epsilon
(R. Igney) ,
12. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Chi
(F. G. Wltsman)
IS. Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 10 14. Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 1 15. Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 14
2. 3. 4. 6. 6. 7. 8. 9.
10. 11.
Harriers Work Out In Hard Rain;
i
Meet Buckeyes There Saturday A steady drizzle and a soggy track failed to daunt the crosscountry squad as they worked out yesterday afternoon in the Stadium. The team splashed through the full distance, heartened by their first win of the season Saturday. Shortly before prac(iice the team — ,, , , —
and their coach, Herman Phillips,
TOUCHBALL Tuesday, October 16 Delta Tau Delta vs Theta Xi " (Jim Shaw) Triangle vs Phi Kappa Psi (E. A. Sroka) Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Mu R. Michaels) Sigma Nu vs Phi Delta Theta (R. J. McCarthy) Sigma Pi vs Phi Sigma Kappa (J. B. Close) Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta (W. E. Spiedel) Delta Chi vs Acacia (G. R. Wolter) Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Chi Rho (Chas. Skinner)
huddled'beneath the east stands, discussing plans for the coming week. Phillips said that although he was pleased with their showing against Pitt, he did not think that the Panthers had provided a serious test. Harriers Pace Buckeyes He warned against overconfidence on this count, but added that a win over Pittsburgh was something to be proud of anytime. Next Saturday pits the Riveters against Ohio State at Columbus. Last year these two teams tied for third and fourth places in the conference cross-counftry meet. Strenuous work will continue
through Wednesday with time trials slated for Wednesday afternoon. There will be a light workout’ on Thursday and the team will leave
Friday.
Following the meet, which is scheduled for 10:30 Saturday morning, the squad will watch the MinnesotarOhio State football contest. Phillips indicated that seven or eight men would make the trip. e..
c.y.
Britain reports three former team captains at Eton College have been killed in the armed services.
Dated Laundered Shirts Win Again! Every year our "Dated Laundered Shirts" finish first in the shirt longevity race. It's really a walk away for we launder so carefully that we are able to GUARANTEE ALL shirts exclusively Crown laundered a year's wear ... or replacement. PHONE 4037
r I W E C LEAMERS OF PINE CLOTHES
DO YOU SMOKE THE CIGARETTE THAT SATISFIES
IT’S THE SMOKER’S CIGAREHE, because All America has a line on thein DEFINiriLY
What smokers like yourself want most is mildness, cool’ness and taste,.. and that’s just what you get in Chesterfield’s right combination of the finest tobaccos grown ... a definitely milder, cooler, better taste. That’s why it’s called the Smoker*s Cigarette. Q MAK£ your NEXT PACK I lesterfie
This plcture of Chhsterfield buyers inspecting tobacco crops In the field before auction time Is ope of many Interesting scenes In the new book "TOBACCO* LAND, U. S. A." Th(s fascinating story of how Chesterfields ore made, from seed to cigarette^ is yours for the asking. Matt your request to Uggatt A Myen lOMtso ComiMHiy, tSO nttb Avenue, New rath, N. Y.
Copyright 1940, Liccir & Hmu Tomooo C«.
V'j a
>L4
7'
'f i
'i'.!! \ti
1^' rj