"4?
V
»
®lte PurfluE TSxpanexxt
{Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1936
NUMBER 47
Ralph W. Cripe Takes Poison; Dies Sunday University Officials Lay Blame For Action On Finances, And Grief
Ralph W. Gripe, Jr., 22, a senior in the school of chemical engineering, whose home is in South Bend, killed himself Satui’day night at his rooming house, 166 N. Grant street, by swallowing a quantity of home-made rat poison which he made by mixing phosphorus with oil. At 11 o’clock Satp‘day night, George Metzger, a freshman in the school of agriculture, entered Gripe’s room to ask his advice about a theme, and found him on tlie floor, writhing in agony. Metzger immediately called the landlady, Mrs. Ruby Glark, and the two of them attempted to administer potassium permanganate as an antidote, but Gripe refused to swallow it. “Don’t Gall A Doctor” In spite of Gripe’s pleas to the contrary, Metzger summoned Dr. (Gontinued on page 4)
Flying Club Obtains New Monoplane
A Porterfield “70,” the Flying Club’s new two-seater cabin monoplane, arrived at the Purdue Airport yesterday afternoon from Dayton, Ohio, piloted by Gaptain L. I. Aretz, airport lessee, who has been made the tangible owner of the ship. The plane was purchased for use of members of the club, 20 of whom will have flying privileges. The new ship will be used chiefly for advanced training, although some primary training will be given to members only. Scientific studies and cross-country flights will also be made. Several students expect to receive Department of Gommerce licenses within the coming year. The Plying Club also expects to send one or two /of its outstanding men to the Natiimal Intercollegiate Flying meet this spring.
PIA Extends Member Drive
Membership Goal Set At One Thousand
In an effort to increase its membership to over 1,000, the Purdue Independent Association has extended its drive until Saturday, December 20. Already more than 900 members have enrolled, and 200 more students are expected to sign up, stated N. M. Parkhurst, campaign manager of the drive. He also announced that the association has more members than any other group on the campus. Membership fees are one dollar, which entitles the holder to five tea
dances, five parties, and two dani^es of the organization.
YWCA Outdoor Group To Study Astronomy
Astronomy will be studied by the outdoor group of th^ Y. W. G. A. Wednesday night at 8 o’clock. Miss Elizabeth Mitchell of the Physics department will lead the astronomy walk. The meeting place will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent.
Only
More Days To Get That
BUCKET!
Flash!Miss Indiana Dying; Purdue Win Causes Illness
By I. N. Diana Scoops Service, Inc.
Bloomington, Ind:^, November 16. —(Special)—Miss Indiana Football, the feminine exponent of gridiron pyrotechnics, was in a critical condition here today from shock caused by Purdue’s coasting victory over the Iowa Hawkeyes Saturday.
Her weak condition was not helped by memories of her own weak showing against Ghicago the same day, or by dire thoughts of the coming struggle with the Boilermakers in Lafayette this week.
Writhes On Death Bed Whooey As she lay writhing on her death bed today, anxious students who crowded outside her hospital room in the stadium, reported that she kept mumbling, “Oh, my! Oh, my! WHAT am I going to do ? What AM I going to do? If Ghicago was was tough what will Purdue be? I know I’m going to fail. In my present condition I couldn’t even make a flop much less a Boilermaker.” When this news was whispered about the Indiana campus via the grapevine “wire,” gloom descended on the student body with a bang. (Imagine gloom descending with a
bang. They do things funny at Indiana.) “Bo” McMillin, chief constultant physician and head coach, incidentally,* conferred with members of his doctor’s staff. Their verdict was not encouraging. “Bo” Murmurs “Bo” was heard to murmur, “She won’t make it. She has a ‘block’ ^n her ‘esophagomania’ and|.v,her ‘off tackle’ is all shot, not td mention the absence of her ‘two ends.’ And her ‘back’ is ripped to pieces.” Messages of sympathy have been pouring into the death room from eampii (the plural of campus to Indiana students) all over the country. The room is laden with the heavy scent of lillies which make up the majority of the floral offerings received. Blood For The Gause Physicians and specialists in “football-itis” from the four corners of the globe are offering their services. Alumni are also offering their “blood” for the cause, but “Bo” believes they are not young enough. The cry has gone out. “There may still be hope. Indiana needs new blood.” The world collectively is sitting on the edge of its chair awaiting news of Indiana’s illness.
^FourDays—Or One? Ws Up To Students, ’ Says Group
Do students want a foui'-day Thanksgiving holiday ? Do they want to go to classes Friday and Saturday after turkey day? With such a holiday in view, a group of students initiated a petition yesterday afternoon. The petition was started after the group was advised by Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher, that this was the only means of getting classes ^dismissed. A goal of 3,000 names was set and the petition was circulated among the fraternity and sorority houses, dormitories, and rooming houses. No report on the success of the venture was available, but if enough signatures can be obtained, the petition will be presented to Pres. E. C. Elliott for approval, A rpmor has been circulated that the petition depends on the outcome of the Purdue-Indiana game, but this IS false. No conditions are attached.
Lecturer Displays American Linens
Hand-blocked linens, their history ai^d use in America, was the theme of the lectures given by Harold Van Buren, representative of the Edmund Dewan Go., Inc., of New York Gity, in the Home Economics auditorium yesterday morning and afternoon. The lecturer outlined the history of flax production in this country fiom an unknown industry to the discovery of the five sections of the country suitable for flax-raising. Three of thes^ sections, northern Maine, the Golumbia River valley in Oregon, and Texas, are now the productipn fields of America. A rising interest in color brought a greater interest in hand-blocked linens and now the best wood-carv-ers in America make the blocks. The Edmond Dewan Gompany, interested in finding new block ideas, welcomes ideas from any designer who wishes to submit blocks and offers all the royalties to the creator of an accepted block.
ERASMUS DAY
The Erasmus Dpy special convocation will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 p. m., November 18. The speaker will be the distinguished American humanist, Dean Gordon Laing, of the University of Ghicago. ,A11 classes will be dismissed for the period to enable interested students and faculty members to attend. EDWARD G^ ELLIOTT, President.
The text of the petition reads as follows: “We, the undersigned, petition for a four-day holiday, extending from 4 o’clock Wednesday afternoon, November 25, at 8 o’clock Monday morning ^ November 30. All petition sheets may be turned in at the Union desk. Anyone not contacted by the group sponsoring this attempt may make a copy of such a sheet and sign his name to it, turning it in at the Union desk with the others.
Dr. Halt Meets With ' U. S. Highway^ OffiMals
Dr. W. K. Hatt, of the ^t^ool of civil engineering, is attending the meeting of the 'highway research board of the National Research Gouncil in Washington, D. C., that started yesterday and will close tomorrow. Dr. Hatt will discuss with other officials coopei’ative experimental work between the University and the U. S. Bureau of Public Roads.
Mrs. McKee To Review Book For YWCA Group
Mrs. J. H. McKee will review the book, “Gone With The Wind,” by Margaret Mitchell before the Literary Interest group of the Y. W. G. A. on Wednesday at 4 o’clock. This book is a story of life in the South duiing the Givil War. Betty Klein IS chairman of the Literary Interest group.
Graduate Dames Club To Give Buffet Supper
Graduate Dames Glub will hojd
its regular meeting Thursday at the West Lafayette Gountry Glub. Mrs. M. W. DeJonge is in charge of the meeting, which will be in the form of a buffet supper for the members’ husbands. A program is
to be given during dinner.
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are fopr penalty dates. They are: Novemhep 25, 27, 12 o’clock December 18 to 12 o’clock December 19, and January 4. These four days represent the 24 hour periods perceeding and following the 'iphanksgiving and Christmas vacations. i Executive Memorandum: “No excuse will be granted prior to any absenae on. penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may flle with the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess, petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment." Penalty Rule: “Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceeding or following an authorised holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed." M. L. PISHBR. Dean of Men.
Where, Oh Where, h ^The HairyApe?^ Who^s Seen Him?
By D. Paarlberg Students beware! A huge ape is at large on the campus! He is here as a herald for “The Hairy Ape,” a comedy by Eugene O’Neill, which is billed by Playshop for Friday and Saturday in Duncan Hall. When last seen, the ape was headed for the Armory, where a battalion is detailed to capture him today at noon. Rumors indicate that he will also appear at the sweetshop and the cafeteria.
TIGKETS Tickets for “The Hairy Ape,” the Dad’s Day Playshop feature to be presented in Duncan Hall November 20 and 21 at 8:30 o’clock, will be on sale each evening this week in the Memorial Union Building. Playshop staff members are also selling tickets.
The play stars the “ape,” played by Louis Juillard, a thick-headed product of the Brooklyn waterfront, whose bulldozing tactics have earned him a place as the ringleader of the hard-boiled stoking crew on an ocean liner. Thais Grepps, as Mildred Douglas, the owner’s daughter, is a misplaced aristocrat who finds no pleasure in her wealth, and spends her time following her whims. She describes herself as “sired by wealth—and damned by it!” Through curiosity, she visits the engine room and there encountei’s the “hairy ape.” The story concerns the relations of these two principal characters, representing opposite ends of the social scale. A large supporting cast enlivens the play, which is coached by H. Kenn Gaimichael, director of dramatics. .
Last Chance To Enter Contest
Sophomore Engineers Must Sign For Hanley Contest By 7 p. m.
Choir Gives Program At Buck Creek Church Members of the University concert Ghoir presented a program of sacred and secular music to the congregation of the Buck Greek Methodist Ghurch Sunday, November 15, at 7:30 o’clock. This is the tjui'd year that the choir, which is under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, has opened the church season in Buck Greek. Buck Greek is the home of the director’s moth-
TKE Pledges Tau Kapp Epsilon announces the pledging of the following men; E. A. Hafft, Versailles; and G. W. Forburger, Benton Harbor, Michigan.
Debris Picture Schedule
Tuesday, November 17th. 7:20 Alpha Zeta. 7:40 Ghi Epsilon. 7:60 A. S. G, E. 8:00 Eta Kapp Nu. 8:10 E. I. E. E. 8:30 A. S. M. E. 8:40 Forestry Glub. 8:60 Ceres, 9:00 Hoof and Horn, 9:10 Pharmicists.
Plan Varied Program For Annual Dad’s Day
Pres. E. C. Elliott Will Address Dads At Luncheon In Memorial Union BuUding Saturdaiy Noon
One of the biggest programs in the history of the XJtaversity has been planned for Dad’s Day this Saturday. A number of r()oms for parents have been made available for the weekend through the efforts of the Alumni Association. This is expected to relieve the overflow crowd that is expected to attend
Sophomores who wish to enter the Hanley Speech Contest have until 4 o’clock today to sign either in Dean Potter’s office in the Engi neering Administration Building, or the speech office in the University Hall. As has been previously announced, the contest is open to sophomore engineers only. Preliminary speeches will be given the afternoon immediately following the registration 'deadline. The final winner of the sophomore contest will be decided tomorrow. The first prize winner will receive a complete volume of fundamentals covering the entire field of engineering. Also he will be eligible for entrance into the final contest that will be held sometime next March.
Pigskin Autographs
Reamers To Give Away $15 Ball At Pep Session
A $16 football autographed by every member 'of this year’s gridiron team and by Coach Noble Kizer will be presented to some student who attends the pep session Friday night preceding the Indian^ game. Under the sponsorship of Reamer Glub, tickets stamped with the student number of every person enrolled in the University will be put in a wooden keg resembling the Old Oaken Bucket and thoroughly mixed at the gathering. Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick, band director, will draw a ticket from the keg, and the student whose number is stamped on the ticket will be given two minutes to announce his presence. If the autographed pigskin is not claimed within the two minutes, additional drawings will be made until the ball is given away.
Alpha Chi Alumni Club Gives Tea For Chapter
Active members of the Alpha Chi Omega sorority were entertained by the alumnae club at a tea Saturday afternoon, November 14, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. William Bolden conducted a singing game that served as a means of getting acquainted. A talk on “New And Old Books ^n The New Browsing Room,” was given by Mrs. W. Josselyn. During the serving Miss Candace Smith played several piano selections. Miss Bertha Ginn, house mother, poured at the tea.
Dean Enders To Speak On Mayan Civilization “Mayan Civilization In Yucatan,” will be the subject of an address to be given by Dean H. E. Enders, of the science school at the monthly staff luncheon in the Memorial Union Building, November 23, according to an announcement by R. H. Wileman, chairman of the arrangements committee. The meeting is open to the agricultural teaching, extension, and experiment station staffs. Members of the committee in charge of arrangements are: Kenneth Boxwell, F. M. McReynolds, and Miss Starley Hunter.
Alpha Xi’s Entertain Mothers And Alunmae
Alpha Xi Delta chapter house was the scene of an informal tea honoring the mothers, club patronesses and alumnae last Sunday afternoon. The lace-covered table was adorned with a long basket of yellow and rust chrysanthemums and rust tapers. Members 6f the senior class poured.
JUST FAIR
By Tempy Bxponent Weathw Mouw
I had something definite to say today but for the life of me I can’t remember tvhat it was. You see, the boss bought an occarina and incessant wailings have been pouring from his sanctorum ever since. Who could work or rOmember anything in an atmosphere like that. Oh, yes! I remember. Isn’t it so sad about Miss Indiana’s condition? My tail tells me sbo won’t recover, but that’s “tailing” secrete. The weather will be faiy and cool.
the game. The Dad’s Day program wiH get under way at a dinner on Friday evening for the executive committee president, ExGovemor Harry G. Leslie. The sports carnival will not last over one hour. At the Saturday luncheon. President Elliott will be on hand to welcome the guests. Several prominent guests, including Governor McNutt and Governor Elect Townsend will attend, and the University Goncert Choir will sing. The luncheon will adjourn in time for the football game at 2 p. m. A Dad’s Day section has been reserved at the game. Smoker In the evening at 7 o’clock a smoker program has been arranged. Included on the program are the Men’s Chorus sing. Zouave drill, and tumbling by students. Prizes will be awarded to the tallest and heaviest dads and the one having the most students here and the one who came from the farthest point away from the University. In addition, many fraternities and sororities are planning to entertain dads and mothers at dinners. All dads have been invited to attend the Playshop production at 8:30 p. m.
Frosh Admits
Watch Theft / On Probation After Be-
ing Fined, Sentenced
Ernest C. Poole, 18, a freshman engineering student from Muncie, pleaded guilty before Judge Thomas F. Moran in city court yesterday to a charge of petit larceny in connection with the theft of a watch from G. W. Frederick, of Elkhart, also a -freshman engineer. Poole was fined $10 and costs amounting to $20 and given a suspended 180-day term at the stete farm. He was placed on probation and ordered to make reports -to Dean M. L. Fisher. The fine was paid. Stolen At Gymnasium The timepiece, a gold Elgin wrist wRtch, valued at $40, was stolen Thursday night when Frederick went swimming in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. He placed the watch in the pocket of his military uniform and when he retutried to get dressed, found the watch gone. Believing that he had lost the watch, he advertised in the Exponent, the next morning and also reported the incident to the Lafayette police. The police notified all jewelers in the vicinity. Tries To Change Case Poole was apprehended shortly after he had taken the watch to a Lafayette jqweler to have the case changed. The jeweler, recognizing the watch as the one reported lost, notified officials who arrested Poole Saturday at the clothing store in which he worked. He was wearing the watch when seized.
Theta Xi Pledges
Theta Xi fraternity announces
the pledging of the fcdlowing students: Don Goldman, Laftorette; Steven Luther, E. St. Louis, IU.j P. John Bryant, Westfi^d; and Niel
Newman, Cleveland, Ohio.a/'’
l»atgc Ywo
’•'■''f ^5. wr-^ I^i »HE FURDtJE EXPQKIBNt .
L '< ^ ' *''" ^ 'i ^ i-i 1^-' ^ ? Tuesdayt Ndveittbet* If. 1936
Books On Tests The University was not established as a memory training institution. It is more in keeping with the aims and purposes of a university with so wide and excellent a tation as a school of engineering to teach its students where and how to find facts racher than to teach them the facts verbatim in such a niciiuiex cuac they may easily be forgotten. However, many courses in the schools of engineering, and in other schools for that matter, do not seem to have been designed with this purpose in mind. Tests are frequently given, as they should be in order to determine the student’s knowledge of the subject, but sheer memory is relied upon more than reasoning power to supply the information. Of course, a good memory is an asset to any person in any line of work; but it seems that dependence upon memory alone is overemphasized in the steps necessary to pass a many courses in the University. It would seem that a system of examinations duplicating, insofar as possible, the conditions that will face the student in actual work after his graduation could be devised to suit all courses. The University course in thermodynamics is an excellent example of what can be done in this direction. The course is known to be a good one. Students who have passed it know their thermodynamics. They do not have to memorize their book in order to pass, though. They are given classroom instruction of the usual sort. They are taught how to work the problems. Then on tests they are given the materials to work with that they will find available to them when they are actually at work on a job after graduation. They are allowed to use their text books and their steam tables. In this manner the emphasis is not to pound the facts into the brains of the students, but rather to teach them where and how to find the necessary information and how to use it. If other courses would be altered so as to present the material in this form the advantages to both teacher and student would be great. In the first place, working conditions of the graduate would be very closely approximated. The student would have at his disposal all the information that the actual worker would. His problem, like that of the worker, would be to select the facts applicable to the work and to use them correctly. Like the worker, he would not have to jam into his mind in one fell swoop a mass of information that is very readily absorbed by constant association. This last statement is an answer to the only real objection that opponents to the plan can raise. They may claim that a student should know facts, facts, facts when he graduates—that his real purpose in school is to learn facts. However, the University cannot attempt to cement in the minds of its students all the facts that they will need when they graduate. It is a well known fact that the student learns more about his job when he is working on it than when he is in school —and the rapidity with which he learns the facts are in inverse proportion to their importance. His college preparation should give him a good background of facts and teach how and where to find the additional, specific facts he needs and how to apply them to his problem. The value to the teacher would be party psychic. He would have the satisfaction of knowing that the students he teaches would go forth from the University better equipped to meet the problems that will confront them. In addition to this, he will not have to worry about how much to subtract from the grade of a student who has forgotten some obscure constant on a test. Another advantage of this system of examinations is to the University as a whole and to the morals of the students individually. As was mentioned in an editorial in this column last week, cheating on tests is quite prevalent tifje I^urttue exponent Founded in 1883
1036 Member IQ37 Pbsocioted Goliediote Press Distributors of GD(le6iafeDi6es(
fiePRKSENTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y. CHICAGO . Boston . san Francisco Los ANGSLES - PORTLAND . SEATTLE
Entered ae second class matter at the post Office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University “7 BOITOBIAL STAFF l^r-in-Chief „ . W. T. Hunt Managing Editor „ . _ B. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. R Brock, A, H. Forster, B. P. Hankm. C. L, Sadler
Sports Editor __ Associate SporU Editors
SPOBTS STAFF
L. D. Wood
W. H. Fifield, S. B. Griffiths, B. F. Ohebchain
„ . „ BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager _ ^ Nafionai Adveriising Manager Local Advertising Manager CiveuJstion Manager
. B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller Jf. P. Girard
Editor „ . „ Advertising Manager Aaeoeiate Editors .
WOMEN'S STAFF — ~ — Helen Creech Betty Barnett Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
Editor—K. E. O’Neil.
among University students. A system of tests j as aavocated in this article wouid make cheat- ‘ .ng of litoie or no advantage, aside from ethical considerations^ The tacts and methods would be in the book. Cribs and whispered conversations would be of no avail to the students who aid not know what to do with his ..acos or where to find them. In fact the use of “cribs” might be encouraged on the grounds vhat any additional information or assistance ^he student may be able to secure is to his advantage and would be of equal use to him in the problems he finds in school and those he nnds on an actual job. Instructors may ask, “What, then, are we going to ask our students on tests ?” That is their problem. The instructors in thermodynamics have solved it, and they are presenting a good, stiif, and interesting course in thermo. With ^1 the advantages listed, it seems only reasonable to believe that instructors will do something about this question. It will mean much additional work,)but every stroke done in this direction will be more than worth its effort in the advantage it will bring to the student, to the instructor, and to the University.—J. E. B.
Editor’s Note: The author of this editorial invites comments on this question. Address all comments in care of The Purdue Exponent.
Second Term Railroad directors are finally waking up. For forty years or so preceding and for fifteen years following the invention of the automobile, railroads provided the principal means of transportation for both human and commercial cargo. Then automobiles were developed to the point where their economy, flexibility in meeting individual needs in travel, and beauty placed the railways in a defensive position. Conservativeness and perhaps smugness had become characteristic of executives responsible for the supervision of travel by rail. But the enormous business taken away from them by automobiles and trucks dispelled thoughts of the security of railroad systems. Today the railways hold nothing sacred merely because of its antiquity, but are operating on policies determined from experimental findings of current public utility and preference. Rates were greatly reduced last year; faster and more economical schedules, streamline trains, added comfort and beauty in passenger equipment, lower priced meals, air conditioning, free pickup and delivery of less-than-carload freight have been added to established railway advantages of safety and dependability. The importance of railroads as carriers, employers, taxpayers, purchasers, fields of investment and bases of national defense cannot be denied. Educators should be reminded that railway taxes keep a million and a half students in school each year and that railway bonds aid substantially in the maintenance of not a few endowed institutions.—R. P. M.
- BY CADWALLADER m The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column &uch opinions are solely those of the writer Apace With The Times When the New York Times came out in fa vor of the re-election of President Roosevelt, one of the reasons given for that choice was the belief that the President’s second term would be more conservative than his first. The election is almost two weeks in the past, and now he is forming his policies for the next four years. Reports tell that the President is attempting to balance the budget, a truly conservative move. Reports also indicate that he is considering the constitutional re-establish-ment of the NRA, a truly liberal move. Well known Washington political observers apparently believe that Roosevelt, spurred on by the confidence in him exhibited by the voting public, will exert all his efforts toward the estab lishment of real social security. There is an old saying that a president’s actions during his first term are done with reelection foremost in mind, and that it is in his second term that he tries to make his place in history. This may or may not be true in the present instance, but there seems to be little doubt that President Roosevelt will do his best to live up to the vote of confidence given him. Even though some of his policies are wrong, he will at least deserve credit for attempting to do what he considers right.
' 4 MORE DAYS TO GET THAT BUCKET! Well, the love bug has finally gnawed upon a' couple of WRH frosh—KAY RHYNEARSON was captured by the spell of I^elt DICK PETH ... at least she is his until the novelty of the pin wears off— by the way, this love match was originally engineered by none other than HELEN B. SCHLEMAN . . . the other innocent little'^ freshman to fall under the influence of an upperclassman’s charms was SARAH BOUTON, who is now toting Triangle Prexy COPLEN’S transit. . . Did you get one, too? ? , A little thing it is true?? But what a feeling Does come ^tealing When yellow slips come through. “Spanky McFarland” SKINNER, of Kappa Sig indifference, was trying to play the part of TARZAN Sunday night on a yellow chariot better known as a Lafayette Street Car—his mate in this swinging from seat to seat episode was “WCTU” GROVES—NICK SHEA and “Sober Moment” THEISS were doing a similar act in the other part of the car . . . telegram received trom JAKE BROWNING, who went to New York this week-end to try and marry the gal he met the week before— Gar and Wes—.Rember definitely hearing Ozzie Nelson at Sijver Grill Time Marches On—hut we take cabs—Have proposed and been accepted 14 times, situation tense— European Honeymoon anytime— Both decidedly sober—Shall name first two after you—Love. Betty and Jake. Lost—One perfectly good pair ot Senior Cords in Iowa City—anyone on this campus hearing about such from ^ny of your Iowa friends ? ? please notify me immediately . . . —BILL HODGDON. There were at least ten people in the audience at the Sunday evening program in the UNION cafeteria Sunday night—^the Kappa Sigs had eleven freshmen spotted in different parts to laugh at all jokes—only ten complied . . . the eleventh fell asleep . . . MARS—PASSES—MARS The passes this week will be given for the best pomes, lyrics, ballads, proses, eters, concerning Dads, Pops, or that team and University Indiana—nothing barred . . . Last Line: Who is this VIVIAN PHELPS, what thinks she?? . . . that she be? ? . . .
Suggested reading for University English professors: “English As She Is Taught At College” from the volume “College Days,” by Stephen Leacock. This book may be found in the University Library.
My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and to inflame their intellects.—Robert M. Hutchins.
1. Uphold tl|e no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular deetioofl.
ORIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“What do you mean, you can’t use me? Why, Oox u.xioc is written all over me.”
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
ARC
TODAY
WEDNESDAY
LIONEL BABBYMOBE MAUBEEN O’SULLIVAN in “The Devil Doll” CHABLES STABBETT in Peter B. Kyne’s “Mysterious Avenger” 15c Double Feature 15c
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
i' 2 Big Features |
and
WHY WONT THIS BOY TALK?
Indiana Co-eds’ Appeal Answered Housing accommodations have been found for the 16 Zeta Tau Alpha sorority girls from Indiana University who appealed to the Lafayette Journal-Courier to assist them m locating rooms for the week-end of the Purdue-Indiana game. In less than 24 hours after the appeal was published, several residents offered rooms. The local Zeta Tau Alpha alumnae club also assisted in locating living quarters for the girls.
ESCAPES
with MAUREEN O^SULLIVAN $«>ej u>aa ike ckiracleri created ky Edyar Rice lurrauthi^v Diricted hy ■ ’ ^ RICHARD THORRE
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Now Piayins WheelerJA Woolsey’s best picture Lafayette’s First Showing — f
irhe"Cuek008^'inE;gVDti “Mummy'sBoy” They hunted mummies and found mammies!
with
Barbara Pepper, Moroni Olsen, Frank M. Thomas, Willie Best
LUMA
ALL THIS WEEK
49S.OOO M the Mom Tbrillini Words Ever Wrtttm Now Loop <0 Life on The Smen at Warner Brae. Film the Giinl Novel 3,000,000 ‘ People Have Bead MdLoved. .
IParner Bros. Present
eNTHONH, SIDVEBSE
«,HERVEY ALLEN
Slarrtnt
PREDRIC MARCH WUk . C.I/ tltMS rUytrt IrntMtH OLIVIA de HAVILLAND SnTta loUlSB . PONAt-D WOODS FDMUND OWENN • CLAPP® HAYWARD • CU. Sondori^ • Si«S Du™.- » Mmc)i.Aklin T.mir^.R^phMor<«n.Henry 0 Nclll Dlrau.dbv MERVYN LaBOY
Prices This Attr«etieM Matinee lSc-25c-35e Night ...15c - 35c - (45C-OC tax) 50c
Features Start at 1:00 - 3:36 6:22 - 9:08Tuea«iay, Noveittl>6i'ii?, 1986 ' , :
'r '''----THil PtJKD0E"fi!XP6NENT ^ "
'atm
mr
I /ielder-s..*. I * VV...Cfilmice
U:f Wtliwlq till v«mi
One mofe to go, and the buiekef to the wniher ... the Boilermakair squad easily dist>aaad of tho inspired Hawkeyes on Saturday and shovred^that they are on the return ... a victory oyer Indiana, and th^ season will be a success . . ., —^fc—
The final touches will be placed upon all phases of the game during practice this week ... a big pep session the night before the game . . . the aiTival of many dads . . . one of the largest crowds in history of the Ross-Ade Staditun ... a swell week-end is ahea^ for us, and Purdue’s win would insure it. . . —fc—
Iowa’s great colored star, Ozzie Simmons'Wasn’t so great against the hard tackling Boilermakers ... his total yardage for the afternoon was a negative 14 yards . . . Iowa lost again, and rumors say that perhaps Coach Solem will be looking for a new job .. . peculiar how quickly, the tide will turn on a foot^ball coach that way ... just a game of up and down ... —^fc— Critics of football once said that Chicago’s famous Coach A. A. Stagg was too old to teach the fundamental arts of this pigskin game . ... his College of the Pacific outfit is one of the better elevens in the west this season . . .
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
BOSSUNG
Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Ken Gunning is one of the main cogs in the Indiana funning attack this year. The Crimson halfback will be one of the men that Coach Kizer’s squad will have to watch if they stop the Indiana habit of winning the Old Oaken Bucket that they seem to have acquired in the last few years.
Reports indicate that Jim Zachary will be giving plenty of competition to the ends next season . . . starting in his first game as a regular in place of Vergane, Zach played a bang-up game ... he will bear watching to no end next season . .. —^fc— The absence of Coach Kizer’s eleven from the home turf for five weeks has done plenty toward allowing the student body td forget we still have a very fine team . . . the team neds backing; this game in particular, so pep it up ... AND LET’S BRING BACK THAT OLD OAKEN BUCKET I I
SPEEDS Combined With i^ERVlCE
IN THE
u
eteua
In the Cafeteria it is speed and service assured by two fast moving lines and quick efficient servers. 'TThere is no need of your wasting valuable moments.
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
‘ > Purdue Memorial Union
Comff of the Campus . . . Center of College Activities
Bdll^rtnDker Gridders
Down Hawkeyes, 13-0
Cecil hhell Passes To Sudcup And Powell For Both Purdue Touchdowns
Coach Noble Kizer's Boilermakers pushed the Iowa Hawkeyes all over Memorial Stadium at Iowa City Saturday afternoon and finally came off the field with the score 13 to 0 in their favor. Cec Isbell tossed two passes in the first quarter that accounted for the two Purdue touchdowns. The Hawkeyes started the
game off with a great show of power and seemed determined to upset the Purdue squad. Iowa held the Boilermaker offense in check after the opening kickoff and Purdue was forced to kick. The Hawks followed this up with three successive first downs before the Boilermaker defense held and they were forced to punt.
Iowa Fades Early After Iowa’s early splurge, thb Hawks seemed jto have washed up their play for the afternoon. Purdue ran the ball into Iowa territory and scored twice in rapid succession on passes from Cec Isbell to Stalcup and Powell. Only one passing play was called after these two touchdowns were scored and practically all plays were directed inside the tackles, where Drake, Ippolito, and Isbell crashed tfirough for good gains. A steady wind caused many freak plays in, the course of the game and the Boilermakers did “not use their passing attack to run up a largescore. This wind allowed Lamb, Hawkeye kicker, to punt the ball from one end zone to the other on several occasions. Cody Isbell turned in a fine job 'with his kicking, which was not only brilliant but much more consistent than the Iowa booting.
D.U/s And Sig Chi’s Battle For Greek
Softball Cup Today
Delta Upsilon will" face Sigma Chi today in the finals of the intramural softball tournament. This is the final match to determine who wins the title and the winner’s points.for intramural participation. The fraternity which wins this title match will also receive the cup, a'^d each member of the team will receive a medal. The Sig’s have earned the right to battle the D. U.’s by being the winners of the upper bracket, while the D. U.’s are the, finalists from the losing bracket. To date the Sig’s have lost no games, and Delta Upsilon has been beaten only once. Because of this one defeat, the D. U.’s must conquer i their opponents twice to win the title, while one victory will give the cup to Sigma Chi. ' The battery for the Sig’s will be Hurt pitching and Chapin catching, while Patterson will be on the moupd and Popham will be behind the plate for the D. U.’s. Gilljs will officiate the game.
Wildcats Win
Top Honors In Big Ten Race
Purdue, Indiana, Minesota, And Ohio Tied For Second Place
By P. K. Knecht. With Northwestern already assured of the Big Ten title before last Saturday’s 9 to 0 victory over Michigan, they are now in a position to finish the season unbeaten and untied.-Notve Dame is the only squad barring the path of the Wildcats from accomplishing this fact. Purdue .or Indiana can gain at least a tie for rqnner-up honors by winning their annual Old Oaken Bucket tilt at Lafayette. At present Purdue, Indiana, Minnesota, and Ohio State are in a four-way tie for second place. Should Minnesota and Ohio State triqmph over Wisconsin and Michigan, respectively, in next Saturday’s games, they wpnld still be in a three-way tie with the winner of the Pdrdue-Indiana game. In other games, involving Big Ten schools, Illinois will clash with Chicago while Iowa heads eastward to oppose Temple. Overpowering Bob Zuppke’s pluckey Illinois eleven, Ohio State won its third conference game, 13 to 0. Johnny Rabb and BUI Booth, sophomore stars, each scored in the third period.
Harry Cherry has proved to be one of the mainstays of Bo McMillin’s Crimson, squad this season. Harry is a junior letterman weighing 166 pounds and formerly an all-state high school star for Washington of Indianapolis.
TENNIS
TODAY—4:15 Freshmen— Cooper vs. Alexander. Hebbler vs. Chapline. Sophomore— Blitz vs. Oyler. Duhart vs. Fulwider.
FOUNTAIN PENS AND REPAIRING ANY PEN
6 JOBS IN ONE
1. New Sack. 2. Btraigrhten Point. 3. A^'nst Feed. 4. Snecial Chemical Bath. 5. Remove Ink Stains. 6. Simonize Entire Pen.
All for Only 50c P. Pd,
Jobs returned same day received. We also trade pens and supply new and used parts. Rebuilts and leftovers for sale, every make.
UNIVERSAL PEN HOSPITAL 203 So. Wabash ChicsKo
KEYS
Keys tor tmnks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialW.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette. Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
GEM Safety Razors 25c Extra Blades for
All Razors
John Sperb
822-824 Main Street-
Delnda Gonqnm Union In dose Bolding foMIe
The Debris teaifit conipoiiedi' ed Dwight, Bearse, Ehinger, Siebenthal, and Humphreys defeated the Union team composed of Scholet, Scatterday, Sheets, Stallings, and Reid by a very close score of three pins. Humphreys rolled 189 for high game of the evening. The standing in the activities league is: Debris, won 2 lost 1; Exponent, won 1, lost 1; Union, won 1, lost 2.'
SOFTBALL FINALS
18—Ward 15 vs. Ward 11. Umprie, Battling. 10—Sigrma Chi vs. Delta Upsilon. Umpire, Gillis.
^ -IBiie'Tlirise ■ Team ^ IT I/t 1^' ^ Northwestern 0 It 1806 ■■ Pttrdm —$ 1 0 ' jm Indiana ...J 1 0 .r Mirnimkita Jt % 0 j!i00 ' Ohio State A 1 0 ,750 ‘JPSHlino^ — .^,..1 2 i ,83® Chicago 1 8 0 jm % Wis^sin. .....0 8 0 j000 X Iowa ,0 4 1 .600 / Michigan .0 4 0 JWO , j
TOUCHBALL FINALS
1—Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Xf. (MfiebI, Taylor. —Kappa Sigma vn. Phi Gamma Delta- Official, Kerber. 3—^Kappa Delta Rho vs- PbL Kappa Psi. Official, Martfai.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“No, I can’t leave—the man is coming to demonstrate the vacuum cleaner and I have to stay and see that he doesn’t miss any rooms.” -
Learn to Dance
B]^ Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS’ CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen WED., NOV. 18,7:60 p. m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S fith Ik FerryTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, !^^ovembey 17» 1986
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebeishoif, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Enroll in our New Beginner’s Class Wednesday, November 18, 7:00. Allen’s.
Lost—Parker fountain pen with name engraved. Call Romayne. 45102. Reward.
Apartment for 4 or 6 men students, 203 University street.
Lost—Black and red silk scarf by Joan Jung in room 413 Pm’due Hall. Reward.
N«wmui Club—'Meeting of social committee November 17 at 4:80 p. m., iA room F of the Memorial Union Building. —KERNEL, CARTON.
Wesley Foundation—^A. F. Futoohee will speak on "Mohammedanism” November 17, at 4:05 at the Wesley Foundation House. —McEACHRON.
Ushers and Police—All ushers and police report at the stadium at 12 noon, November 21, to work at the I. U. game —SANDERS.
A. S. C. E.—Debris pictures will be taken November 17 at 7:60 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union uilding. All members must be present. —BYINGTON
Union Workers—Our committees report today, November 17. Boys in the workshop, girls in the office. R. E. MeWhuters, J. H. Jacobi, M. D. Stepath, R. E. Skinner, R. Disterclick, R. A. Hbff, L. Kingsley, J. H. Nicoll, G. C. Thompson, Betty Driscoll, Eleanor Turner, Edith Herman, Jean Whitney, Helen Muterspaugh, W. K. Miliholland, R. L. Mansfleld , H. Bremman, B. I. Fielding, J. R. Keck, R. M. McGee, J. Quinn, Martha Reed, Carolyn Barker, Fay O’Bannon, Bertrude Schmidt, Lucille Dobson, Florence Sequartz, Mary Jane George. —PITTS, CLAYPOLE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Pledging November 18, at 7 :30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building All active members are requested to be present. —KUECK
Discussion Group—^Meeting Novembei 18, at 7:30 in room C of the Memorial Union Building - KUEHN.
A. S. M. E.—Debris pictures to be taken in the faculty lounge, November 17, at 8:30 p m. —WELBY.
You Will Find—At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street, one of the largest collections of antique furniture, old china, glass, copper, brass, silver, ’ old jewelry, prints, etc., in Indiana. Buy your friend’s Christmas present now, at reasonable prices.
Lost—Pair of glasses in case. Name inside. Reward. J. H. Ottenweller. Call 71792.
Enroll—^In our new Beginner’s class Wednesday, November 18 at 7:00. Allen’s.
Enroll—In our new Advanced class Friday, November 20 at 7:00 p m. Allen’s.
For Rent—^Large front room with twin beds. Phone 75644.
NOTICES No noticM accepted after 8 p. m.
Eta Kappa JNu—Debris picture will be taken at 8 p. m November 17 in the faculty lounge. —McEACHRON
Purdue Engineer—All students on sales meet in the Engineer office November 17 at 4 p m. Bring your white cards. —JONES.
Purdue Engineer—All freshman and sophomore staff members report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m , November 17 -JONES.
Sophomore Debate Managers—Compulsory meeting in Union Debate office at 6 p m , November 17 PERRY
Skull and Crescent—Get youi stickers for the Indiana game as soon as possible at Triangle house —JACOBI
A. S. M. E. Members—Get copies of M. E. Journal from “Eddie” in Instrument Room m Mechanical Laboratory. —WELDY.
Purdue Flying Club—Ship is ready for flying. Anyone desiring to fly get in touch with me until further not'ce —McCRACKIN
Eta Kappa Nu—Initiation at 4 :30 o’clock November 19 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building Banquet at 6 p m —LEFFEL
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting in room A of the Memotial Union Building November 17, at 7.15 p. m Everyone urged to attend - WILLS
Athletic Managers—Bowling Schedule , Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Kappa Delta Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi at 6:45 p. m ; Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Kapp Psi vs. Triangle at 9*00 p. m. Report on time —PPORZHEIMER
Union Workero—My committee please report to the Union office, November 17 —PFORZHEIMER
Tutors—Students interested in tutoring in freshman engineering subjects, apply in the Personnel ofifce —BURRELL
Game Ushers—^All ushers who worked al the Ohio and/or Wisconsin game together with the following report at the Stadium 4 p. m. Wednesday, November 18. J. Aschauer, J. F. Azbell, E. J. Balaishis, W. J. Behrens, Max Bowen, W. Brittain, A. D. Brown, K. E. Burbrink, R. F. Carton, D. Chandler, E. A. Chatham, H. R. Christy, J. Giborski, R. J. Clinton. G. X. Claypole, H. V. Cobbs, J. A. Coddington, H. M. Coifing, R. J. Craig, W. H. Craig, S. P. Davis, J. J. DeMar, R. S, Ferguson, W. M. Fleming, I. French, L. W. Gable, E. E. Gallup, P. J. George, Robert Gibson, H J. Gruber, Paul Hobson, T. F. Jelnick, H. C. Johnson, J. R. Keek, Charles Kelsey, J. A. Leppla, C. R. Luke, W. T. McNaughton, R, L. McVoy, Paul Massanz, J. H. Miller, F. M. Mowry, J. E. Newman, S. Novak, H. J O’Neill, S. P. Overbeek, W. A. Peterson, A. S. Place, Clyde Reed, Eail Reed, James Risk, H. W. Ritchey, B A. Royer, T M. Rvan, J. M. Sapirie, E. Schlemmer, A. E. S^ith, J. O. South, R. R. Stewart, A. Traub, F. R. VanAbeele, J C. Vaughn, R Waggle, K. C. Wagner, H. F. Welland, C. Q. Weisenbach, E. D. Wilder, M. F. Wildish, S. R. Wirth, H. Yalowitz —SANDERS
Wotty, Grief, FitiBtices Cause Cripe had dropped out of school at the end of his junior year, June 14, 1935, to be niarried. His wife, formerly Miss Marjorie June Hess, died of tuberculosis on June 2,1936. He re-entered the University in September of this year and recently applied for an insurance policy, only to find out following the medical examination that he, too, was suffering from tuberculosis. This setback, coupled with his wife’s death and subsequent financial dis tress, was attributed by University officials to have caused him to end his life.
W. A. A. Hdckey—Juniors vs. Freshman November 17 at 4 p. m. —THOMPSON.
Student Senate—^Important meeting NoBlues, and Sophomore Browns vs. Seniors vember 17 at 7:80 in Memorial Union Building. —MARTIN.
Cripe Takes Life (Continued from page 1)
S. Jv-Miller, who immediately had the boy sent to the St. Elizabeth’s hospital, where his stomach was pumped out in\an attempt to remove the poison. Efforts to save his life, however, were unavailing, and he died Sunday morning at 11:10 o’clock. Metzger learned from Cripe, as the latter was conscious when he was found, that he had eaten the rat-poison about 7:30, and hospital officials attributed his death to the elapsed time of nearly four hours before he was discovered.
Parents Arrive Late His parents were notified by Dean M, L. Fisher early Sunday morning. They were unable to arrive at the hospital until shortly after his death. The body was removed to the Bradshaw funeral home in Lafayette and later taken to South Bend to the home of his parents, Ralph W. and Mary E. Cripe.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist \ 504 Main Street
.SUDDEN SERVICE
P'
r
RINTING Offlct SUUontiy. ^ Wtddlng InviUlioni
PHONE ■" *•'•* ‘ “ 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 4081-err/'
THE CHILD'S HEALTH TODAY IS THE NATION'S HEALTH TOMORROW
CHRISTMAS
SEALS The NationctL State and Local Tuberculosis Associations of the United States
Independents—^Tune Shop — Rehearsal Wednesday. November 18 at 8 p m in the Tower Room There will be some new pieces to learn for the Union Cafeteria/ Show, November 29 —BARRETT. DIX
Mechanicals—You may obtain subscriptions to the McGraw Hill magazines. American Machinist, Aviation, Factory Man"gemcnt and Maintenance, Power, and Product Engineering through me Phone 46321 after 6pm —CARTON
W. S G. A. Judicial Board—^Meeting November 17, at 7 15 p ra , in the office —FELDT.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Domer^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
Hie thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Car^ for Special Occasions 2Se per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Body and Fender Straishtening
Glass* tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting.
Autoi Body Shop
421-428 North Third Disl 2998
i' '
' /