k)-*
Y
Volume 52, No, 150
West Lafayette# Indiana
Tuesday# April 8# 1841
Today's News At A Glance
Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. • Nazis Drive 25 Miles Into Yugoslavia ^ The German Army has driven 18 to 25 miles into Yugoslavia and the luftwaife has “fatally” disrupted that country’s transport and communication system, it was asserted in Berlin. Belgrade was subjected to four air attacks. * _ * * ^ • Greeks Claim Their Troops Standing Fast On the Grecian front the Nazis struck from Bulgaria ift what was described in Athens as a day of the fiercest fighting. The Greeks acknowledged the loss of only one fort and said the bodies of the attackers *‘were piled high.” * * I" • Yugoslavs Prepare For Albanian Attack Outlining a third scene of battle, a radio message received in Switzerland on the wave length of a Yugoslav station said Yugoslavian artillery had opened fire along the border in preparation“for an attack in Albania. « Hi « • Russians Hail Jugoslavia Treaty The Bussian press today hails the new accord with Yugoslavia, says the Soviets stand for peace, and makes on comment on the new German invasion. Calm was displayed in official quarters in Ankara and observers there believe Turkey intends to remain neutral. * * * • British Prepare For Do or Die Stand “The British were rushing every available man and plane into the new theater, determined to block the German drive or to die in the attempt,” radios William H. Stoneman from London. • Ethiopia Capital Under Union Jack British troops have occupied Addis Ababa, radios Robert J. Casey, “as dizzy Italian troops staggered hastily off into the bush, and that, generally speaking, seems to be just about the end of the latest experiment of II Duce \Hth war in Ethiopia.” If * 1' • Petain Makes Gesture To British ^ “Honor requires us to undertake nothing against our former allies.” Chief of State Petain said in a radio address today to the people of France, calling for unity>
i
Playshop Names 'Bachelor Born' Cast; Play Profiles School Life
By Martha Jane Fox
Playshop yesterday named its cast for “Bachelor Born,” the fourth major production of the school year. The play, a light frothy comedy with a real educational problem as its basis, will include the following persons for its list of
character roles:
Bill Sharpies, Frank Crawl, John Goll, Harold Martin, Mar-y Kay Baker, Virginia Lee Ruddell, Pauline Martin, Virginia Vestal, Ann Ostrander, Pat Frigge, Haskell Metz, Bill Lester, Dick Kohls, Lansing Hinrichs, Malvern Schweig, George Zissis, and Charles Green-
hill.
Ian Hay Author Ian Hay’s play is one of situation whereby character types come together, and in most cases this brings about unusual circumstances. It concerns the family of an aunt and three nieces which moves into a boys’ school with traditions against feminine companionship^What these brats do to the traditions of the school would be as bad as the actual roar of the lions at this University. At the same time the play is not a farcical comedy; its underlying theme is quite serious. The humor of most of the characters is of the unconscious variety and is not forced upon the audience. Box Office Open “Bachelor Born” ran for 662 performances in London, was given in Philadelphia in 1987 and the same
Gala Week Bids Fills
Placed On Sale
This Morning Positiofl As
Math Head
Senior invitations and announcements for Gala Week, commencement and baccalaureate programs go on sale this morning at ^Deac’s, Southworth’s and the University bookstores, and at the West Desk of the Union. Sales will continue until Thursday, April 24, when they will definitely close, Ted Axton, chairman of the committee in charge, said
last night.
Three Types Offered Three types of invitations are offered, two booklets, the leather covered and the cardboard, and the Dutch-fold announcement. Leathercovered booklets are priced at 30 cents each, the cardboards at 15 cents and the Dutch-fold announcement at 5 cents apiece. Two sets of samples will be on display at each of the sales locations, and orders will be taken there for delivery, in separate packages, on May 15. Seniors will pay at the time of delivery. Elliott’s Picture The two booklets contain a fullpage picture of President E. C. Elliott, a commencement announcement, programs for Gala Week, commencement, and baccalaureate, the names of every graduating and mid-term senior and one “shot” of the campus and one of the Union. The Dutch-fold will be a simple announcement of commencement. Seniors are especially urged to rem^ember the closing date for sales, Thursday, April 24 Fraternity Affairs Offices Schedules
cast took the play to New York in
1938.
The box-office is open in Fowler • • , • Hall now for direct exchange of JuftiOf IntGtVIGWS
coupons, reserving seats for the regular performance April 16 through 19. A special presentation will be given for Mother’s Day, May 10. Student cqypons may be
used for this performance.
Five Students Enter Wm. Stout Contest Five entries have been received in the William Stout Contest, but the committee believes that about five more will be submitted before the contest is closed. The entries are papers of a technical or descriptive nature relating to the fields in which internal combustion engines
are applied.
Entries should be made in room 6 of the Mechanical Engineering Building by April 20th, and the paper should be in the hands of the committee by April 30th. The committee in charge consists pf Professor J. Liston; Mr. C. W. Phelps; Professor H. L. Creek; Mr. W. K. Creson, Chief Engineer, Ross Gear and Tool Co.; and Professor H. M. Jacklin. '' The prizes are $35.00, $20.00 and
$10.00.
Students Will Be Excused Gimlet Club
For Church On Go^od Friday
Announcement has been made by President Elliott that although the last legislature declared Good Friday a legal holiday, the UnIVersity will not discontinue Its usual activities on that day. However, deans, directors, and Tieads of departments or offices are authorized to excuse any member of the teaching staff, scientific, clerical, or service staffs, and instructors to excuse any student, for .such hours of Friday, April 11, as will permit attendance at the Good Friday church services.
. . . athletic booster honorary for junior and senior fraternity men, announces the selection of spring pledges. Pledging will take place tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the Phi Delta Theta house. The pledges pe; Charles Standard, Jim Adams, Jim Mercer, John Clouser, Vaughan Hill, Tommy Melton, Jim Miller, John Petty, Forrest Sprowl, Bert Anthony, Dick DeGarmo, Bill Ogfeen. Bill Lancet, Bob Adams, Jim Wolff, Bill Hepburn, Roscoe Starek, Carl Tafel, Ned Ochiltree, Bob Skallerup, Dick Recktenwald, Phil Johnson, Chuck Brandt, Joe Benna, and
Ernie Morehouse.
Junior interviews for positions in the fraternity affairs office will be held this afternoon in room 236 of the Union. Those scheduled-to report include D. Baughman at 4:15; J. N. Goll, 4:25; F. J. Wood, 4:35; J. B. Duret, 4:45; R. J. Pearson, 4:65; J. L. Jones, 5:06; J. L. Riester, 5:15; W. F. Leineweber, 5:25; V. R. Mayfield 5:35; and A.
P. Croxall at 5:45. Chems and Mets
Junior chems and mets have until noon today to submit their petitions for positions as junior secretaries at the west desk of the
Union.
Sophomore workeis have been assigned to four committees. On Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays the publicity committee will consist of R. E. Swisher, J. Pfenninger, J. E. Neff, E. C. Smith, and P. G. Magner; the Special Events committee will have W. F. Meuman, A. S. Katz, A. R. Pastrick, W. M. Eddy, N. V. Beaman, and E. Walsh; the Rush committee will have R. F. Swab, R. Weaver^ W. J. Meyer, L. B. Cox, J. F. Wilcox, and A. E. Perkins; and the Scholarship committee, L. J. Berlik, G. F. Carlson, R. A. Von Behren, W. P. Sjmpson, and R. M. McKee. ^ Committees On Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, R. L. Zollman, W. C. Miller, R. C. Smith, R, E. Honer, T. Simon, and R. L. Dilts will comprise the publicity committee; J, K. Seabright, C. Keene, S. Katz, D. T. Brophy, W. R. Redlich, and R. Dannemiller, the Special Events committee; J. R. King,-A. E. Arkin, C. Grotnes, W. Ruggles, and R. Hardin, the Rush committee; and J. Gatewood, L. P. Fishback, D. W. Thorpe, R. M. Hutchinson, and L. A. Neese, the Scholarship com-
mittee.
All sophomores wiHiout assignments should contact Leon Jacobson immediately.
University Of Michigan Professor Appointed As Marshall's Successor The appointment of Dr. William L. Ayres, of the University of Michigan, as the new head of the department of mathematics was announced yesterday by President Edward C. Elliott. Dr. Ayres will succeed Professor William Marshall, who retired two years ago but continued to direct the affairs of the department of mathematics pending the selection of a new head. Dr. Ayres is a native of Texas and was graduated from Southwestern College. His graduate study was done at the University of Texas, the University of Pennsylvania, and the University of Vienna. Since 1929 he has been a member of the faculty of the University of Michigan. Dr. Ayres is a counselor and associate secretary of the American Mathematical Society. Dr. and Mrs. Ayres recently visited the University. They expect to come to Lafayette with their two childrenJn August, so that he may assume his duties here before the opening of the University in September. m.1.1. Dr. T.B. Rice To Discuss Male Maritai Views in Lectures Today This afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 101 of the Education Building, Dr. Thurman B. Rice, professor of bacteriology and public health at the Indiana University Extension, will lecture to the senior men«on “Marriage from a Man Physician’s Point"^f View.” This IS the ninth consecutive year that Dr. Rice has spoken for th« University marriage course. Dr. Rice will speak to the junior and senior women tonight at -7:30 in the same room. This talk will be the first in a series of two marital lectures sponsored by AWS. The second lecture of this series will be given by Dr. Elizabeth Straus of Chicago. Her topic will be, “Marriage from a Woman Physician’s Point of VieiJp.” This year, AWS is sponsoring only two lectures, but both junior and senior women are admitted. Last year only senior women were admitted, m.1.1.
No Prom Tickets For Frosh, Sophs
No tickets will be sold today to underclassmen as was previously announced because the quota of tickets has been sold to juniors and seniors. Today is the last day that reserved tickets will be available to juniors and seniors who were on inspection trips. This month Woody Herman is the band of the month on WBAA. His music will be heard twice a week for two weeks, a.c. Fifty Enroll In Second Air Training Course; Grads Enter Chanute Fifty men enrolled yesterday in the special three month training course for air squadron engineers that the University offers in co-op-eration with the U. S. Army. The first group of fifty-one finished the course last week and left at once for Chanute Field, Rantoul, 111., where they will spend the next six months in actual flying field work. Upon completion of the work at Rantoul Field, they will receive commissions as second lieutenants in the air corps. Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the department of aeronautical engineering is in charge of the campus instruction with the actual class work belong given by Prof. Joseph Liston on engines, Prof. W. F. Bruhn on materials, construction and stress analysis and Col. W. A. Bevan on aerodynamics, propellers and performance of airplanes, e.k. \ Dedication ... of the new pipe organ and set of hymnals Sunday morning in the University Presbyterian church attracted a crowd of students and faculty that nearly filled the large chapel. Vernon Westburg, concertmaster of the University orchestra, climaxed the service with a violin solo of Schubert’s “Ave Maria” accompanied by Joanne Lloyd at the new organ. Seniors, Notice All senior engineering students meet today, Tuesday, April 8, at 10 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building to hear Robert M. Bates speak on “What I Would Do If I Were a Senior at Purdue in 1941.” Dr. Bates, ME ’07, a successful construction engineer and executive for years, is vice-president of the Superheater Co. of Combustion Engineering and Director and President of Air Preheating Co. DAVE CLARK.
Debaters To Oppose Arizona U Heckling By Oppositiofi Permitted At Tonight's Forensic Encounter Congressional style of debate with heckling allowed from the opposition will be held tonight when the University’s forensic squad meets the University of Arizona’s team at 7:30 o’clock in the-Home Economics auditorium. The question is “Should the Nations of the Western Hemisphere Form a Permanent Union,” with the University’s team taking the negative side. State Champions George Picha and Ed Johnson wiR represent the University, while Gordon Hostetter and Edward B^och will come here from Tucson. These latter men were recently named winners of the Arizona Varsity De^ bate Championship as well as winner of first place in the State Upper Division Oratorical Contest for 1940-’41. Last Novembe^ Hostetter placed second m the annual extemporan-eous-spefaking contest for all Western students, conducted at the Westjern. Association of Teachers of Speech convention in Los Angeles. Heckling Cross Examination The first speaker of each team will not'be interrupted during the first 3 minutes to allow him time for presentation of analysis and preliminary outline of the case. After that time is up heckling will be in order. The opposition will also have time to cross examine the speaekrs. Six minutes are to be allowed for rebuttal speeches. The chairman for this debate will be Robert Horn of the Speech department. It is his duty to introduce the speakers and see that the rules are rigidly followed. e.w.n. Chemical Society To Hear Staff Members'Reporb Nineteen papers will be presented by staff members at the semi-an-nual meeting of the American Chemical society in St. Louis, April 7 to 11, At the meeting in September more papers were presented from the University than from any other institution. At this meeting more pajeers will be presented than before. Dr. E. D. Degering of the chemistry department will preside an chairman for the student program at the convention Thursday morning. a.c. I
Importance Of Education Properly Stressed, Campus 'Misfits' Plentiful, Survey Reveals
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America AUSTIN, Texas, April 8. —^Last year the National Education Association had Dr. George Gallup conduct a survey that revealed only 17 per cent of the adults in this country feel too much importance is being placed on education these days. What about college training? It is the advisability of higher educa'tion that often causes debate—“The colleges are over-crowded ... we are grinding out bachelors of art as if by machinery ... look at men like Ford and Knudsen who never went to college.” Student Opinion Surveys of America has taken the question directly to that group of nearly a million and a half young Americans now going through the process of higher education. 51% Satisfied . Do they feel that the idea of go-
ing to college is being emphasized too much, about right, or too little ? Every fourth student that the interviewers contacted answered “yes, there is too much emphasis.” A slight majority of 51 per cent declared “just about right,” and the rest said “too little.” Although three-fourths of the students believe higher education is not being pushed too much in this country—^which already has in its colleges and universities a greater proportion of its youth than any other nation—a surprising set of answers was obtained from this question: “Without mentioning names, do you know any students personally who would be better off at work than in college?” YES, said 88 per cent NO, said 12 per cent Of course, any response to that
question is necessarily based on * personal opinion. Barring prejudice and some duplication, the survey nevertheless provides an indication of the extent which many colleges may be wasting their miergies on campus misfits. Some even an-, swered, “Yes, look at,me.” More men than women believe there is over-emphasis on college education, the results of the poll show. This is perhaps to be attributed to the greater demand for “college men” than for “college womea”"that has been in vogue for some time. A tabulation by a««es follows:
25% 30^ 29%
All ICeii Women
Empbasieed too much Emphasized
about right...... 51
IShnphasized
too little 24 8T Ift’2 - Tbiiati JhmUjif. JoUl
All Out Aid . . . for the grass is the next campaign to be begun on the campus. We’ve waited for days for oflScial word on the start but as yet no official presidential edict has been forthcoming so we’ve decided to jump the gun. The first robin brings forth no more glee than does the first sign that the grass is turning green but somehow the robins manage to survive spring while some of the grass does not. Perhaps we should circulate petitions asking for deferrment for the grass until next summer at least. That’s so there’ll be something to cut. Of course, the grass seems mighty unimportant with such things as war and love in the air but then again somebody once said it was the simple things that counted. Somehow we have the feeling that green grass is going to be one of the things we’ll be thinking about when we wallow in the mud in one of the army camps, or tighten down bolts on a production line, or hurry home to our little place on the fifteenth floor next summer. Anyway, it’s a thought. Baccalaureate Speaker . . . Dr. Hu Shih, Chinese ambassador to the United States, brings to the campus one of the rarest combinations, both in occupation and philosophy. He will speak from a background of an American education, which includes degrees from eleven American Universities in addition to completing work in three Oriental institutions. He has taught philosophy at Peking University and has served as an adviser to the British government on the British China indemnity. Those who have talked with him say that his calm Oriental manner and his Americanized wit make him one of the real philosophers of the age. We are looking forward to his visit on May 4.
Chi Omega
. . . social sorority announces the initiation ^ of Elaine Ahrens, Jane Anderson, June Bauer, Mary Lou Boyd, Lillian Deisch, Doris Dombey, Mary Katherine Gee, Dorothy Hague, Charlotte Hass, Bette Jacobson, Jane Keim, Virginia Mittendorf, Jeanne Patrick, Dorothy Ragsdale, Martha Rosencrans, Mary Jane Roth, Jean Sanford, Phyllis Scarff and Anne Van Hook.
mm Al
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE — Adventure in a Land Alive with Death and Diamonds! SOUTH OF SUEZ with GEORGE BRENT BRENDA MARSHALL PLUS HER FIRST ROMANCE with EDITH FELLOWS in a New Singing Role!
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Brenda Marshall
RAIFH BEUAMr • AUN HAIE Ui fAmClC • MIB4 XNNHS • lUCU WATSON
DANCING CLASSES OPEN STUDENTS AND CO-EDS — ENROLL NOW BEGINNER'S APRIL 16frh 7:30 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS — ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 17tli, 7:30 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGKT DANCING SCHOOL P. M. ALLEN. NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR /V y 6th & Ferry Sts. Phone 21S0
LWA
TODAY-WEDNESDAY 2 SWELL HITS
THE TEAK'S MIRACLE MUSICAL HITl
HD ASTAIRE
PAULETTE GODDARD
Second CHORUS
A Poromoimt Pictwio With Mia Snwt? Chatles Buttmwortli • Buross Meredith
PLUS-
NENHY
YOUR RADIO FAVORITES IN THEIR FUNNIEST HIT! with JACKIE COOPER Hedda Hopper - Leila Ernst
Tuesdciyv April 8v 4941
fijuAdujL £xfiomnt
Music Room Features Bach Recordings In Program Johannes Sebastian Bach will be the featured composer of a program to be presented in the Music Room of the Union Wednesday night from 7 to 8 p. m. Recordings of the compositions of Bach supplepiented by a short precis concerning the life and works of the master will he presented. The program is being sponsored by the Student Union, and, as usual, the public is invited to attend, p.a.h.
The ^rh Colnnm
A scant week ago the British caught the Italian fleet out of bounds and knocked the merry devil out of them. That’s no longer news. But the other day we found out how they pulled it. And that is news. It seems that in the gathering dusk the bloomin’ Henglish crippled one and after dark Benito’s boys sailed blithely back to lend a hand. So the British lying in wait in the dark picked them out with infra red rays—and let them have it at a point blank range . . . Of four miles. , to* Times have really changed. We always figured that point blank range meant the distance in which we could toss a ten pound shot. With our left hand. And men like Errol Flynn could swing from ship to ship by ropes hung from a yard arm. Nowadays he’d have a helluva time. Finding a place to hang his rope. * * >)i The newspapers are minimizing Nazi gains in Yugoslavia today. It seems that 2,000,000 Allied troops held 250,000 Nazis to twenty miles yesterday. Which for the Germans . . . Is practically defeat. i|t * 4* Or else they’re slowing down plenty. V ^ >|c From the papers we also learned that the betting odds in London today are 7,600 to one. Against being hit by a bomb. But that’s just the trouble. It only takes one. * * * Of course it does simplify matters because after they get the one. . . The other 7499 can quit worrying. * * * The thing that worries us most these days is here at
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for m section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. l>ublished daily dccept Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Deliver^ locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $8.60, Editor-In-Chief. B. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Elditor H. McKee Managing Editor — D. K. Hhiple Associate Editors: N. A. pchjltrie, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, K. M. Skalleruf), J, L. TraUgott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, Q. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemtuer! Accounts Manager, K. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, K. M. BOcktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor - — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor.. J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. P. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim. Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 ' Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Repifesentatlves, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: Trang’ott Night Sports Editor: Clark staff: B. R. Runnion, E. W. Nordlinger, J. F. Zinski, W. E. Rafert, J. D. Frazer, A. Worsley, H. P. Stenberg, A. Chatfield, P. A. Howard, and V. M. Barson.
home, .though. The strikes we mean. Not that we object to them. But we can’t figure how everybody can say that the whole thing has been solved. And everybody is going back to work. And that the mediation board is a howling success. Just as Henry Ford turns 118,000 out in the cold. V V V And the process servers can’t even locate him. To serve a subpoena.—dkh
Racqueteers Fare Well In Chicago Tournamenf Scoring a clean sweep in every meet but one, the Boilermaker squash team annexed the Western Collegiate Squash title last Saturday. The meet was held in the Windy City, and it was the host team who ruined Riveter chances of scoring a clean sweep. In the squad, composed of Kalbfleisch, Goldstein, Green, Adams and Mann, Adams was the only Boilermaker to lose a match and he still ended with a .500 mark by defeating Rubin of Chicago. Adams also took third place in the squash singles contest. Mann, of the Gold and Black,
Kappa Delta Rho Acacia
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Donald E. Corp, Rochester, N. Y.; John M. Gilley, Indianapolis; Richmond M. Griffith, Nashville; Robert I. Ronksley, Elm Grove, W. Va.; William H. Scheer, Lomira, Wis.; Cletus H. Tepas, Buffalo, N. Y. The following men have been pledged: Merritt M. Goff, Frankfort; Richmond C. Neff, Moline, 111.; Herbert Zinmeister, Otterhein.
brought home the Western Collegiate Singles title, while Goldstein, Green, and Kalbfleisch, also of the Riveter squad, won the three-man team championship. Coach Clevett was well pleased with the team’s showing at Chicago and expressed a belief that the squad will end its season very successfully, g.t.w.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of James Wetzel, Indianapolis; Frank Skinner, Thorntown; Frank Baynes, W. Lafayette; Edward Klein, Chicago, Roger Brown, Lowell; Robert Gallatin, Garret.
aassifSvd Adz
Typewriters and adding machinea, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable t^ewriteis, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplira. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Eberehoff, Main St, Phone, 2779.
For Bttot: Rnss-Reat-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Lost: Gold ring with initials G. M. S. inside. If found notify Shawkins, 61164.
Lost; Black wallet containing driver’s license, and two passports. Call 8421, Bill Bell. Reward.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LAUGHING, LOVING AND LOOTING!
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— AND llifi IIIILMIIIIL^im W^t^omoHctr
Yseng^MuMartbat Mijr RrtssB f Bulls BMn NrUiir TrMckM ALSO
'GREEN ARCHER" Serial
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
^ School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Ice and Coal
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
GOOD COAL GOOD SERViCE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078
• Hardwi^re
• jewelers
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—^Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor. Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Notices
Thomas Say Entomology Club: Apnual Entomologiste’ dinner will be held Wednesday, April 9, at the Purdue Memorial Union in the East Facnity Lounge. Paul T. Ulman of the State Entomology Office will be principal speaker. —RICHMAN.
Religious Coundl: Regular meeting date is second Wednesday (April 9)—no meeting April 6. —BELCHER ME 31 C’s and Ps Make-up: Final for C and I grades in any division of ME 31 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Mechanical Epgineeriug Building. —kemler.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Please attend important meeting Tuesday, Aptil 8, at'4 p. m. in office. —BLOSSER.
Gold Pepper Actives and Pledglw: Meeting Tuesday, April 8, in room '802 of the Union for actives at 6 p. m. and pledges at 6:16 p. m. —HAGEMEYER.
WAA: Baseball practices will be held Monday, April 7; Wednesday, April 9: and Friday, April 11. Two practices required for points. Meet in the gym regardless of the weather. ^ —COOPER
Senior Military Students: Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19 —JOHNSON
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending March 16 now available at (he Cashier’s office in the Executive building. i-6 —HOLLENSBE
AIChE Members: All members are requested to attend the special budlness meetinging Wednesday, April 9, in room 802 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. Matters of great importance to the organization will be voted upon. —MASSEY
Newman Club Contact Committee: The following members will meet at 4 p. m. Thnrtfday, April 10. in roonA 802 of the Union: Bivan, Lanuti, Ford, Lowey, Luers, Hannon, Enz, Clark, Moser, Taylor. Walz, Singer, Benna. Please bring money and ticket. —McCONAHAY
Religious Council: Meeting Wednesday, April 9. Elections for President. Please secure consent of prospective nominees before the meeting. —BELCHER.
Pnrdue Dairy Club Meeting: Tuesday, Aprils, ^t 7:80 p. m.. in Smith Hall, room 108. There will bd election of officers, movies and refreshments. —BROWN. GE 35: ESxaininatidn for removal of condition April 12. Make arrangements in room ^02 Michael Golden Shops J>sfc®e Fri-
Alpha Lambda Delta: Call pledging Tuesday, April 8, at 4 o’clock in room 236 of the Union. —WAYNE.
Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Petitions for sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau are_due on the 16th. Any questions you have, see me. —WALLY. All Students: Those wanting work as pin boys in the Union alleys see me immediately. (4-8) ^ —STUCKY.
Silver Mask: Meeting 'Thursday, April 10, 4:30 p. m. in fencing room at the Field house. All actives and pledges please be there. —WEGENER.
All Fencers: Silver Mask is sponsoring a tourney on Saturday, April 12. All men who have notTenced in any tourney on the campus are eligible. Sign up in the fencing room at the Fieldhouse Tuesday, April 8, or Wednesday, April 9. —WEGENER.
PIA Dance Classes: Beginners class will meet Tuesday, April 8. Advanced class will meet Wednesday, April 9. —HUBJPHREY.
Alpha Zeta Pledges: Short meeting after employment lecture at Ag Hall Wednesday, April 9. —SWAIM. AWS Executive Board: Regrular meeting Wednesday, April 9, at 7:89 p. m. in AWS office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of pledges and actives Tuesday, April 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union —MONTGOMERY.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Get the Prom ticket that you reserved at the cashier’s office Tuesday, April 8 —dangelMajer. Independent Staff: Publication Wednesday night. Dog is posted. TherO will be an important announcement concerning staff elections at 7p. m. Please be prompt 1 —GRIFFIN. Attention Exponent Workers: All sophomores and juniors and all staffs please see bulletin board in office. —DONAHUE. All Students: Deferment discussion Tues- , ®’ P- “• PPP™ 232 of the Union. —grant. POMM: Formal pledging Tuesday. April 8, m the armory at 4 p. m. White shirt and uniform. Actives please attend, also. Alpha Chi Omega: Pledges Will meet promptly at 6:46 p. m. at east door of Union, Wednesday, April 0, tot visit to Lafayette Police Department. Actives, if mtercstM, can also receive instructions in fingerprinting. —SCHALUOL. Christian Stodent Fellowship: Meeting "»• I" 807 of the Union. Note change of time because of convo. Dismiss by 7:80. —LONG. ME 103: Tuesday, April 8. 10 a. m. meet139 of the EE building. —YOUNG. Plying Club: Important nveeting Wednesday’ April 9, at 7:00 in room 268 of we union. All members who have logged hours m the past year bring log books. —GRBVE. Pu^ue Players: Executive council meeting Tuesday, April 8, at 4 p. m., Fowler Hall. —CARR.
Phys. Ed, for Women Golf Classes: StuJ credit must attend mass class lessons in Fieldhouse, Wednesday, April 9, 7:80 ?• ’?•>?*■ “Jass lesson Wednesday, 8:80 p. m., in ballroom of Union. Tommy Armour is instrucffir. Classes will meet as usual at regular time. ' —HAZELTQN and KNIGHT. WAA: Girls’ doubles and mixed doubles tennis tournaments to be scheduled. Meet in gym Wednesday, April 9, at 4 ;00. Virginia Boater will coach. Two practices required for points. —MGFFITT. All Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Meeting to discuss Thursday. April 10 4 p. nj. Everybody be there. ’ ___ —WALLY. WAA: Golf call-out Wednesday, April 9 at 4 p. m. in gym. —BROWN.
(♦-
tfiuAdusL £xfwtutnjt.
Tuesday, Apifl 8, 1941
■MSHMMMMMMMVHiMailMSaaSSHiMMSMMlMSMMSSlilW
Golf School Brings Famous Linksmen To Campus
Baseballers Oppose Irish Here Thursday; Old Series Renewed By Joe Dolan About four years preceding the evaporation of the battleship Maine Somewhere in the warm waters of the Gulf stream or near there (who cares anyway), a baseball team from South Bend, Indiana, took a long journey to Lafayette, Indiana, so the baseball teams of Notre Dame and Purdue could engage in a bit; of recreational activity stressing what was to become of the national game.
IrUhman’s lllisiois
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Thursday afternoon (all day to be eitadt), Purdue students will vote to either keep up with the times or remain in the doldrums of pre-1940 athletics. They are going to vott as t6 the feasibiKty of making all sports a major sport instead of thfe present (only at Purdue’s campus) minor and major system. —I-I— For the past few years, all of the conference schools have been awarding major letters to their athletes no matter what sport they^engaged in, but the stipulations of gaining one of those letters was raised considerably. And that's the unselfish way to look at it. Coach Claude Reeck told me yesterday that if Purdue’s present minor-major system was revised, he would this season award six major letters instead of twelve silly minor letters. The major letter gives the athlete soiuething to really shoot for, something to improve for. Don’t tell me that one of Larry LaBree’s tennis men who practices tennis for seven months doesn’t deserve a major letter just the same as the guy who practices football for five months or basketball for three months. I.I The days of “class” distinction are out in other conference and progressive schools. Whether a man putts a ball into a hole on a golf course or throws a ball through a hole in a gymnasium court—he has practiced to do that, and if he excells, award him accordingly— don’t put one sport on the wrong side of the tracks. Prof.J.A.Estey . .. department of History, is the authpr of a book on business cycles, published in February by PrenticeHall, Inc. of New York. The book is designed to supply a comprehensive introduction to the subject of business cycles. It describes the nature of cycles and what ^happens to business in booms and depressions. It sets for the principal
Now the old Wabash to Erie Canal had ceased to operate, it wasn’t sociable to transport college boys by horse back, because Lee was still using them to plow up Virginia, and Bill Haites hadn’t yet invented his automobile, so the question of getting the Irish team of that season to Lafayette is a puzzle to your writer. Being college boys they could have hitched it down here, but wouldn’t it look funny to see nine men (and a bat boy) on a horse instead of the conventional three persons astride old Dobbin. Ramblers Ramble Over Riveters Maybe it made the Irish inad because of the inconvenient trip to just play baseball, because since that time the 47 years of rivalry have seen the Notre Dame nine wallop Purdue 34 times against 14 Boilermaker victories. Notre Dame has administered Purdue something like four defeats of 16-3, 13-1, 15-()l and the such. This Thursday these two teams renew that pre-Spanish war series on Purdue’s diamond. Last season, Dutch Fehring’s lads defeated Notre Dame 3-2 at South Bend, but like all real Irishmen (propaganda), the ramblers forced the game into an overtime of twelve innings before falling, 3-2. An Irishman Bit the Dust Down to Lafayette came the Notre Dame club one month later last spring, or early summer, and Purdue beat ’em, this time 2-1. In this game, Bdd Fisher put the very bothersome N. D. hurler out of commission in the visitor’s half of the ninth with a flying wedge block and protection of home plate as the latter tried to make such spot from second on a single to right. The relief thrower was then an easy victim two outs later. Dutch Fehring isn’t decided as to who will throw the first pitch for Purdue at home—but it will be either sophomore surprise package Leifheit, or basketball’s Capt. Don Blanken. In center field will be Mike Byelene. Mike’s played little baseball but a lot of football; you can see it when he slides into a base. After getting his 166 pounds in front of a lot of 220 lb. fullbacks Mike thinks little of diving head-long at a little stationary bag of three pounds; anyway, the bag doesn’t wear thigh pads and helmet. A few of Notre Dame’s famous Irishmen to perform here are Babe Pinelli (he’s delux, too), Sebastian Nowicki, Chlebeck and George Sobek—and that means that Prance isn’t the only country that's occupied. ''
theories in respect to cycles, and it analyzes proposed methods of stabilization.
REST ASSURED”
at
HOTEL FOWLER
Fireproof
200 Rooms
Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
Armour, Metz, Walsh, Others Provide Studeiit lnstri(ction New UniversitY Links May Be Dedicated The second annual Purdue Golf Clinic will open its gates this morning at 11:00, when an expected invasion of over 350 professional golfers and business men connected with the game will arrive on the campus for registration. The three day program will be opened with a 2 o’clock talk by Herb Graffis, editor of Golfing and a member of the sports staff, of a Chicago newspaper, who will review last year’s clinic. To close the session, there is a possibility that the nearly completed university golf course will be dedicated on Thursday afternoon. Student Instructions ^ Aside from the usual stories of talks and discussions, designed especially for professionals, course owners, and pro shop managers, the student body will receive more than its share of attention in a program of public demonstrations by several of the nation’s leading pro competitors. Byron Nelson, fresh from a runner-up finish in the Masters Tournament at Augusta, Georgia, will be on hand to give instruction to anyone bringing clubs to the Fieldhouse Thursday night at 7:30. Tommy Armour, Dick Metz, and Johnny Revolta will assist Nelson in the teaching angle and the quartet will demonstrate golf technique in an outside show on Russell Field, Thursday at 3 p. m. PGA President To Attend The clinic is sponsored jointly by the National P. G. A. and the University, and as a result of this sponsorship, the P. G. A. will have a large delegation present, including genial Tom Walsh, the organization’s president. Between public demonstrations designed to arouse interest in the sport, the days will be busy ones for the professionals and the men who look on the game with a business eye. Talks on golf problems, administrative problems, pro shop management, course maintenance, accountings teaching technique, publicity, and research methods will cover the entire golfing field for the visitors. The principal speakers will do their bit at a banquet in the Union on Thursday evening when Tom Walsh, L. B. Icely, president of the Golf Manufacturers Association, Tommy Armour, and President E. C. Elliott respond to the intreductions of Prank T. Sprogell, toastmaster and secretary of the P. G. A. j.dJf.
Fencers Gain Victory In State Amateur Tourney Last. Saturday the Boilermaker fencing team made a special trip to Indianapolis to participate in the belated finals of the annual Amateur Fencing Association state tournament. Because of an unusually large turnout of contestants on the week previous, the matches in the foil division were forced to be held over; however, judging from the team’s performance in capturing first place in the foils the extra trip was a success. The tournament is divided into .
Theta Xi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of James Edwards, Indianapolis,
Henderson (Ark.) State Teachers college recently formed the Southwest Arkansas Co-operative Film library for the benefit of the state’s public schools.
three classes—^foil, epee and saber, and instead of having one tournament winner there are three division champions. Following the Riveters in the foil clase were the Indiana Fencing Corps, second, and Notre Dame, third. In contrast to their victory in foils the Boilermakers failed to place any men in either the epee or saber. Weapons Of Three Types It is interesting to note the effect that the style of blade has upon the technique of the fencers. The foil is the lightest and most flexible of the blades and has a rounded portion on the end with which touches are made. Touches are made only on the torso. The epee has a Yshaped blade, is somewhat stiffer than the foil and with it a point may be made any place on the body. The saber is the largest and least flexible of the three, touches being made on the torso and head with
IM Schedules BASEBALL Tuesday, April 3 Diamond 1. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta tlpsilon 2. Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Chi Rho 3. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Beta Sigma Psi 4. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Pi Kappa Phi 5. Alpha Tau Omega vs Lambda Chi Alpha 6. Acacia vs Kappa Delta Bho 7 Phi Kappa Psi vs Delta Chi 8. Phi Delta Theta vs Sigrma Chi 9. Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 10. Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau
AS s^ IN Yomm
They stretch 3 I when you bend your knee
yanity^^ir
KNEELAST STOCKINGS
Kneelast is the key to better fit and longer stocking wearl The Vanity Fair Emeelast feature allows the stockings a three-inch stretch when you bend your knee. When you straighten your 1^, tiib same feature pulls the stocking up, eliminating wrinkles. Three propor^oned leg sizes insure you a proper fit. Choose from a wealth of beautb fill new shades. Sizes to 11.
HOSIERY SHOP
STREET FLOOR
either the blade or point. The tournament was of the roimd robin type and the record of individual performances finds Harry Burl (third place) with a score of 10 won and 2 lost. Ernest Wegener (fourth place) finished with 8 and 5 and Oakes, with 4 and 2, completed the scoring for the Boilermakers. r.w.d.
Here’s the coat, hut we’re stumped for words. It has that ‘‘look-at-me” quality . . . el^;antly fine and smart with its handneedled edges and pockets . . . with Varsity-Town’s casual lounge styling. Ensemhle-izes perfect]!^ with grey or ' pastel colored slacks!
The Yeea^9 FimH Jlmket Others from $11.9$• ,
’li
Tuesday, April 8, 1941
(pjunduiL £xpomnt
Pres. Elliott Speaks AtPugilist'sBanquet President E. C. Elliott was the principal speaker at the annual banquet honoring the boxing team at the University of Wisconsin last night. Dr. Elliott sei-ved as head of the Department of Education there from 1905 to 1916. Badger boxers were undefeated and untied this year and the annual banquet is to honor them. a.c. Phi Gamma Delta . . . announces the election of the following officers: W. A. Campbell, president; L. S. Campbell, treasurer; C. E. Brandt, secretary, and F. 0. Douglass, historian.
Speed Photos, Rayographs On Display In Music Room A collection of valuable and unusual photographs circulated by the Museum of Modern Art, is displayed in the Music Room of the Union this week. Photographs are all of American subjects except some abstract rayography by Man Ray and Dr. Edgerton’s speed photos. The display will be up until Friday.
Sigma Nu
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert Swab, Chicago, 111.; Walter Goez, Webster Groves, Mo.; William Turner, Robinson, 111.; John Smith, Tipton; and Sam Craigmile, Knox.
IF YOU WISH TO |[||| A lUl OR TAILS FOR THE PROM We advise you to drop in soon, as our rental stock is limited, and it may be that we will have to send away for it. You can rent a complete outfit if you want inluding suit, vest, shirt, collar, jewelry and silk hat.
— Avoid Disapointments — Order Early
University To Hold School Of Training For House Directors Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, announced that for the third consecutive year the University will sponsor a four-week training school for house mothers, house directors, and others in charge of student living groups. The training school, which has attracted nation-wide attention since it was inaugurated here in the summer of 1940, will convene from June 16 to July 11 and will be a part of the regular summer session. Last year the school attracted an attendance of 125 delegates from 37 different states. Already 55 applications for enrollment this summer have been accepted. The purpose of the school is to improve the competency of persons responsible for the student life and house management in student living groups. Plan of Study The program for the four weeks has been arranged so that the .students will be able to study the philosophy of student housing, problems relating to house management, personal counseling, inter-group relationships, and methods of intellectual stimulation. Staff members, as well as special lecturers, including Professor Sarah Blanding, dean of women at the University of Kentucky, Mrs. Harding Cecil of Evanston, 111., and Mrs. Davis G. McCarn of Northwestern University will be in charge of instruction. All enrollees will be housed in the Residence Halls for Women. m.a.f.
A 2,685-pound boulder of limestone, approximately 25,000 years old, serves as an “ornament” in the court of Hale house at Union college.
■The Ration 3.93 ...to 1
Well, the Chems and the Mets are all back from their inspection trip by this time quite a bit the worse for wear. If you want to hear some interesting stories, though, corner Jim Wolfe and get him to tell you about the time somebody slipped him a “Mickey” down in some Harlem hot-spot and rolled him. Some stuff. There certainly are a lot of pins flying around, too. Hal Todd is trying again with Ginny O’Bryan; Duke Reynolds pinned Theta pledge “Flea” Hyde, Katie Bersche took Ken Gossett’s pin, and Peg How'ard took a Theta Zi pin from Walter Loeffer. “In the spring, a young man’s fancy lightly turns ...” Another sure sign of Spring, the Alpha Chis have revised their rules to allow fellows in the house between 10 and 11 at night. Speaking of the Alpha Chis, they were offering “kisses” at the Penny Carnival if you could throw a penny in the cup. Bob Adams was pretty good at it, so they told him that if he could put three in a row in, they would give him something real special. Well, Bob put fihree in a row in, so they gave him-five pennies back. Bob looked so disappointed about the whole thing, so Laverne Zeno took pity on him and gave him a pass to the Alpha Chi bum room. Now she’s worried and wants it back. Afraid of him, Laverne? Two more pins out from the KDR house. Carl T. Lohr pinned Geneva Fisero of K. D. Wood’s office, and Lover Dick Kentner has finally broken down and pinned Alpha Zi Doris Grannon. While we’re on this subject, we hear that two marriages are com-
Copyti^t 1941. Uccm & Mmt Topacco Co
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
(*•
“It’s only a matter of patience, training him to obey, de^r! — remember all the trouble you had with me at first?”
ing up. Lambda Chi “Punchy” Campbell and Ginny Roblee are going to take the step within the next couple weeks. Congratulations and the best of luck. Ruth Wattleworth, of the Kappas, is also giving the word out that she is going to be married the Friday after school is out. If this should be true, the same to you, Ruth. Now that Phi Gam Bill Lancet is in the hospital with the measles his fraternity brothers have taken it upon themselves to take good care of his pin girl Ann Morton. You know, the old fraternity spirit. Steve Minton is chief walk-her-homer. Phi Gamma Delta . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of: Thomas E. Graham, Washington; William T. Bell, South Bend; James R. Dunn, Tulsa, Okla.; William A. Jackson, White Plains, N. Y.; Richard A. Lancet, Indianapolis; William H. Lange,
John J. Dietrich, Former tetra¥or. Killed By Auto „^^ohn J. Dietrich, former instructor in the University mechanics department, died early yesterday in St. Elizabeth’s hospital from injuries received when he was struck by an automobile on Tenth street near North street in Lafayette Sunday night. Deitrich, who was 79 years old, served on the University staff for 30 years. Funeral services will be at St. Boniface Catholic Church at 9 a. m. Wednesday.
Darien, Conn.; Rosier W. Levering, Lafayette; John L. McAllister, Carmi, 111.; Frederick E. Meyer, Indianapolis; Courtlandt W. Nelson, Evanston, 111.; Cayce B. Parrish, Muncie; Bob L. Phillips, Phoenix, Ariz.,; Joseph W. Purman, South Bend; and Elvin H. Seaton, Indianapolis.
tm Dated
THE
Year*Round
- iy
GREATER SHIRT ’'ECOHOMYHeVIfeiiw;
• Yes sirir he looks better end he seves money because of our “Dated Laundered Shirt" guarantee. His shirts all wear longer, cutting down his bill for new shirts, assuring him of day in an4 day out fine shirt appearance.
CROWN LAUNDRY
Laundry
Phone 4073
Dry Cleaning