^,1
/ t
/ '
I Purdue
l.ttK
t* X JZixponent
Volume SL No. 148
Tuesdar^ Apti! 0, 1940
Alec Templeton Returning For R. Frosf Will Speak
Concert In Jeff High April 24
Alec Templeton, blind piano virtuoso and clown of the keys who entertained at one of last year’s finest convos, is returning to Lafayette to appear as guest of the Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commerce. He will play in one performance in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium on Wednesday, April 24, ' Templeton’s programs consist of two parts. Starting with the intricate compositions of the great piano composers, he goes from the sublime to the entertainingly ridiculous with such compositions as ^‘Mendelsohn Mows ’em Down” and his better known composition, popularized by Benny Goodman, “Bach Goes To Town.” One of Templeton’s^more popular piano tricks is his ability to rapidly weave melody around any five notes named by the audience, making composing appear like child’s play. At last year’s convocation Templeton combined such melodies as “In the Hall of the Mountain King,” “Prelude in C Sharp Minor,” “Hail Purdue,” “Bolero,” and “The Plat Foot Floogie,” in a brilliant interpretation that “brought down the house.” A Welshman, Alec has been blind since birth. He began practising finger exercises at three, composed a sixteen measure lullaby at five, and by the age of twelve his talent was so apparent that he enrolled in the Eoyal Academy at London, where
Alec Templeton
after his first term he financed his own education on scholarships. When sixteen he competed in a piano contest and came out ahead of twenty thousand contestants, learning his contest piece as he learns all his pieces, by listening to someone else play it and committing the entire piece to memory. Templeton came to America in 1934 with Jack Hylton’s band as a specialty artist and has remained in this country ever since. He has made appearances with the Detroit, Chicago, and Ford Symphony Orchestras and performed before thousands in Symphony Hall, Boston and the famed Carnegie HMl in New York.
Model Club Planes Dietetic Group Elects Top World Records Schuck President
Members of Union Model Club set several new club records Saturday and Sunday, All these flights have unofficially surpassed the present world records in their classes. Jim Cahill flew his class “B” stick model 12 minutes and 20 seconds; Dick Obarski kept his class “A” R, O. G. up 7 minutes and 44 seconds; Rodney Streed did 35,2 seconds with his class “B” glider; and Dick Sladek established a new record of 41.2 seconds for class “A” gliders. All are indoor records and were set in the fieldhouse. The club plans to hold its annual outdoor contest on May 19. The flying site is as yet undecided. The awards for the meet total a hundred dollars worth of merchandise. Events will be for all gas models, rubber-powered fuselage models, and both hand-launched and twoline gliders.
Dr. Cecilia Schuck, professor of foods and nutrition at the University, was elected president of the Indiana Dietetic Association at a meeting in Indianapolis last Saturday. Fifteen dietetics seniors also attended the meeting. Miss Edith Gamble, institution management head, and Miss Ruby Clark, professor in institution management at the University were at the banquet held Friday evening. Four graduate students in foods and nutrition, Mary Louise Bone, Pearl Johnson, Mrs. Opal Collins, and Rosemary Todde, were also present at the banquet. The president of the American Dietetics Association, Mrs. Beaulah Becker Marble, spoke after the banquet. Other speakers included Delms, student dietitian from the University.
'Two On The Aisle, Please' Says Scribe After Sample Of Seats
When the 6,208 eds, co-eds, alumni, and guests take their seats for the first time, in Purdue’s new Mu-1 sic Hall, they will recline in luxurious comfort. How do we know? Well, we’ve had a preview of these wonderful seats, and we can honestly say that never have we sat in a more comi^ortable theater chair. On the first floor of the executive building, in the southwest corner, is the sumptuous meeting room of the board of trustees. At one end of that office is a section of two seats, manufacturing samples of those which are to be used in the Music Hall. Just why these seats are at present in the trustees’ meeting room, we cannot say. Perhaps the trustees’ approval, as experienced sitters in chairs, is considered the ultimate. ^ We Sampled ’Em However, there they stand, and there we sat. The material covering j;he badges is of blue mohair, and the seats are covered in matching blue leather. This will not be the final color, as the colors will follow thq ashes of roses and pastel blue of the building’s interior. As one rises, the seat also springs up, a feature which is ^ decided help when one is trying to ease up to let someone by, and at the same time struggling to maintain a hat, overcoat, and composure.
At the base of the aisle seat, in ^ each row, is a small light which is continuously lighted, guiding those who came in while the auditorium is darkened, a boon to those whose eyes just don’t function after they have made a sudden change from daylight to dark, and who are continuously bruising their knees on the chair arms, or falling on some veiy indignant stout lady’s lap. Mushrooms Underneath About every fifth seat there will be one of the mushroom ducts that are part of the air conditioning system, and each duct is protected by a grille-work that is part of the right side-frame of the chair that IS situated over it. Yes, indeed, whether you have “two on the aisle, down front,” or are situated away back in the second gallery, you can be assured of the utmost comfort and convenience.
Prom Tickets Tickets are now on sale for graduate students and faculty, according to an announcement by Virginia Royce, Prom chairman. There are also a few tickets available to juniors and seniors.
At Annual Literary Banquet Tuesday Robert Frost, noted American poet, will be the guest speaker at the thirteenth annual Literary banquet to be held Tuesday, April 16, at 6:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Memorial Union. Dr. E. C. Elliott will preside as^ toastmaster. Following the dinner the awards for the English contests will be made. These awards include the George Ade Cup for the best play, David Ross'Cup for the best poems, H. G. Reisner Cup for the best short story, Governor Townsend Cup for the best informal essay, English Department prize of ten dollars for the second best essay. Dean Enders prizes, fifteen and ten dollars, fpr the/best historical essays on science, Hockema - Stewart prizes, fifteen and ten dollars, for the best historical essays dealing with Indiana or Tippecanoe County, Winterrowd prizes, one-hundred and thirtyfive dollars, for libraries collected by seniors, and the Merriam Webster Company prizes, one unabridged and three abridged dictionaries, for winners of the freshman vocabulary contest. The manuscripts for competition should be submitted to Professor Paul Fatout, 205 A University Hall, not later than April 10. Additional information as to length and composition of these writings may be secured at the English Department. All students and faculty members aie invited to attend the banquet for which tickets are on sale at the English Department office in University Hall, Southworth’s, Reisner’s, Decker’s, and at the west desk of the Union for 76 cents. Anyone wishing to come in after the dinner to hear Mr. Frost may do so without a ticket for
the dinner.
Deadline For Bridge Tourney Postponed Student Union Committee in charge of the bridge tournament announced that the closing hour for filing entries has been extended to 6 P. M. today for the benefit of those who have previously been unable to
file entries.
First session of the tournament will be staged in the South Union Ballroom promptly at 7 p. m., Wednesday. No teams will be admitted after 7 p. m. as it is imperative to have the contest concluded by 10:45 in order that co-ed players may arrive home within the WSGA deadline. The tourney is under the direction of Julius L. Born who has conducted the contest for the past
six years.
Air Corps Medical Board To Examine AppiicanfsAprii 18-23 Fifth Corps Area Army headquarters yesterday notified Captain L. R. Aretz, lessee of the University Airport, that a travelling Air Corps Medical Board will spend five day^ in Indianapolis April 18 to 23 to examine University applicants for Army Air Corps training. The Board will be located in room 416 pf the Federal Building. 2nd Lt. BreiVster Ward, Air Corps, acting as advance officer for the Board, will arrive in Indianapolis April 11 and occupy the same office. Applicants must be between the ages of 20 and 27, unmarried, and must have completed at least two years of work at the University. All who present themselves before the Board in Indianapolis will^^be examined. Successful candidates will be sent to one of the 10 civilian flsring schools, approved by the Air Corps for three months primary training, and then to Randolph Field, San Antonio, Tex., for six months of advanced flying. At the end of the complete nine month course, cadets will receive commissions as second lieutenants in the Air Corps Reserve. They may then accept active duty with a tactical unit of the Air Corps for any period up to five years, or may return to their homes on inactive status. Cadets receive free transportation, clothing and food while undergoing training. Sears Will Talk At Open Forum The Purdue Student Alliance, cooperating with Wesley Foundation, Avill sfionsor two open forums in preparation for the annual national peace demonstratioh which will be held on April 19. Dr. L. M. Sears of the University speech department will be the speaker at the first meeting which will be held in room 363 of the Union Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Dr. Sears’ talk, in which he will analyze the situation in Europe, will be followed by an open forum. Professor Charles Murphy, of the history and government department, and Professors T. K. Noss, of the psychology department will discuss “An American Peace Policy” at the second meeting which will be held April 18 at 7:30 p. m. in the east faculty lounge. Both of these meetings are open to all students who are interested in the work which the Alliance is carrying on.
Want To See How Cartoons Are Made? - - Art Club Will Show All Bringing to life for all lovers of such little people as Gabby of Gulliver fame, Jiminy Cricket, the wee-small voice of Pinocchio, Pinocchio himself, Dopey, and the rest of his little groupe, and numerous others, Walt Disney and Max Fleischer created for a surprised and pleased audience their animated cartoons. Wednesday evening all of you
who hold your sides at the antics of “Popeye,” sing snatches from “Betty Boop’s” well-knowns, and wonder what’s next in “Mickey Mouse,” will be interested in attending the Union’s Art Club meeting, at 7:30 p. m. in the east faculty lounge when “The Evolution of the Cartoon” will be shown. First Of A Long Line From the flocks who attended the recent showing of Pinocchio, you might think that these cartoons are a new rage, but way back in 1906 the first cartoon was made. Besides showing this original cartoon, the movie will include a cartoon of French design—oops, la la! It’s to be no small matter. Nine complete shorts will be shown, five of which have won Academy Awards for their maker, Walt Disney. Maybe to some of you Cocoa, the Clown is fan»iliar. If yop would like to make
his acquantance', he’ll be at the showing. If any of our technical engineers are feeling themselves a little above all this, let it be known that Professor F. R. Eastwood of the physical education department will speak at the meeting, showing the correlation between cartoons and engineering, education, hobbies, and relaxation. Besides, you know you just love Dopey. Art Club Inauguration This meeting will inaugurate a new organization on the campus known as the Art Club. Don’t let the title mislead you. Even you in the “no can draw” class may belong. The purpose of the group is to show the relationship between art and culture, and art and leisure. The little people would really like to see you there.
Wartime News Gathering Subject Of Enders' Talk At SDX Meeting Tonight Gordon B. Enders, instructor of the recently-added historycourse, ‘America’s Role in the Pacific,’ and former globe trotter, will address an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, national professioiial journalistic fraternity, tonight. The lecture is scheduled for 7:30 in the reception room of the Union. I Enders plans to discuss news-
German Troops Occupy Denmark; No Resisfance German troops crossed the Dannish border last night at 10:30 CST, simultaneous with the landing of Nazi troops in the capital city of Copenhagen. There was no organized resistance offered. The Danish radio was cut off with the brief statement, “Occupied by German troops.” The invasion was precipitated by the laying Uf mines in the Norwegian coastal waters early yesterday by British naval vessels. Varsity Show Taking Shape In Rehearsals Surely, and with much precision, “Sweethearts,” 1 o n gawaited Varsity Show of 1940, is taking shape. The show passed a mile-stone at a recent rehearsal when the orchestra began accompanying the cast and choruses. Romance has great prominence in this year’s Varsity Show. Au-burn-haired Marjorie Williamson charms one and all who see her in rehearsals in the leading role of Sylvia. Possessed of a lovely voice. Miss Williamson creates a romantic picture with Henry Amt who plays the part of the dashing Prince Franz. The lines are funny, and to guarantee their being “put over,” Chuck Hart, in the comedy lead as Mickel; Bennie Burns as the nit-wit Caniche; and Mary Johnston, social climbing laundress have all been drilled in the technique of burlesque. Audiences can prepare to laugh from curtain to curtain! Supporting the leads is a cast made up of many of the outstanding singers on the campus. A singing chorus composed of thirty-two members, and a dancing chorus of sixteen make up the complete cast. \ About the sets—they’re different than anything Purdue has ever seen. We won’t tell 3>-ou abdut them —^they wouldn’t be a surprise! All in all, it looks like this is the year to see Purdue’s most entertaining Varsity Show. We’re looking forward to the opening night of “Sweethearts!” CAA Selects Nine For Advanced Work In Flight Training Nine students out of the fifty who took preliminary examinations have been selected for advanced work in a flying course under the Civil Aeronautics Authority program. Those chosen to be taught acrobatic flying were: R. H. Moninger, Chicago; C. A. Reising, Cincinnati, Ohio; L. Treece, Lafayette; S. G. Best, Berwyn, 111.; J. W. Ashton, Battle Creek, Michigan; G. T. Henderson, Alliance, Ohio; F. A. Mayfield, Akron, Ohio; R. H. Kimball, Colorado Springs, Colorado; and K. Murdock, New York City, New York. Jack Harrington, former Purdue student flyer, will teach the flyers acrobatic stunts which he learned at a special course of one month at the Curtins Reynolds Airport at Glenview, Illinois.
gathering and how it has been affected by the advent of radio, the difficulties imposed upon reporters by modem warfare, and methods of evading the censorships set op by governments now engaged in combat. All persons interested in these subjects are invited to attend. Varied Worldly Experimiees Ender’s qualifications as a speaker on these topics are twenty years of actual experience in the heart of China and Siberia, World War I aviator, French Foreign Legion Soldier, flying instructor in China, and advisor to the Grand Panchan Lama of Tibet. Many foreigners have been through China and Japan, but few have penetrated the heart of Siberia. One or two have visited the “Hermit Eangdom,” but only Ehiders has lived there and worked among these people who swab themselves in yaak butter to protect their bodies from the cold. In addition to serving on the Lama’s cabinet, he held a seat in the upper assembly of this barren and little-known territory, Tibet. Close To <7hiang-Kai-Shek Advisor to Chiang-Kai-Shek for two years, Enders had the opportunity of seeing the inside story of the Chinese troubles. Twice he saw Japanese forces attack Shanghai, and has visited the camps of both combatants. In his many ‘front line’ experiences, Enders has had a chance to observe the ‘making’ of news. Naturally, these experiences have led to contacts with reporters striving to get their ‘scoops^ to the outside world and their ensuing difficulties with the censor bureaus of the respective coimtries. Maps For Hlnstratioa As an additional means of illustrating his lecture, Enders will distribute appropriate maps and pictures concerning the locations to be discussed. At the conclusion of the public address. Sigma Delta Chi members will hold a business session. MiddleWest Purdue Dads, Mothers Groups Will Meet April 13,16 Purdue Dads and Mothers clubs, which have been organized for several years in sections having large student population, are planning meetings this month. Next Saturday night, April 13, the northwestern Indiana group will meet at the Gary YMCA at 6:30 p. m. The Detroit group also will meet that night in Gary. Dean M. L. Fisher, Assistant Dean Clare Coolidge and Dr. Robert Phillips will speak at the northwestern Indiana meeting and Controller R. B. Stewart will address the Detroit parents. The northwestern Indiana group includes the tier of counties from Lake to Elkhart. Mrs. Eugene T. Lohman, of Gary, is president. George E. Neal is president of the Detroit group. In addition to these two meetings, the Chicago Dads will hold their meeting on April 16. Several of the staff members will be there to conduct a forum discussion on University problems of interest to the parents.
Sigma Nu
. . . social fraternity, announeea the initiation of Gilbert C. ETOdses, Logansport; Oscar L. Allansen, Valparaiso; Wiliiam W, Tkodgen, Peoria, DL; and Fred JT. Krtunpe, Indianapolis.. r4^
»>
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. April 1940
Ca^ie Presidenf Exhibits Own.Paintings Inter-Squad Game In Music Room Program Yesterday Afternoon Climaxes Week Of
Spring Grid Drill
y "I paint strictly for fun,” said President Dougherty of Carnegie Tech yesterday afternoon in the Music Room of the Union as he began his talk on “Pointing for Fun.” President Dougherty first took up painting as a hobby in 1932 in order to keep up'his campanionship with his daughter. “It wasn’t long,” he stated, “until the tail- was wagging the dog, so to speak. I had to make rules about painting and keep it confined to vacations.” President Dougherty brought his first three pictures along with him to illustrate his talk. The first picture, a water color, he described as just being a lot of colors. The second was a copy of an Alpine hut with mountains in the background. “This was my first tussle with perspective. The mountains looked like huge piles of rocks right on top of the hut, and the snow looked like buttemailk on top of the mountains.” President Dougherty then went to Mrs. Warren, wife of Dean Warren, of Yale, for help. “The mountains now look like mountains and the snow like snow.” The third was an oil painting which gave the ' artik his first trouble with colors. “After many coats of color and much help from my son’s high school art teacher I achieved the effect I was seeking.” Professor Dougherty has spent much time on Martha’s Vineyard where he became acqviainted and received help from many of the artists there. One of the men who has helped him is Professor Taylor, head of the Yale Art School. “Among the books which helped me most are those by Speed, O’Hara, Carlton, Barenson, Willensky, and Van Loom,” stated President Dougherty. “There must be science in painting. Pictures must Counselors Will Hear E. Williamson Today Dr. E. G. Williamson, coordinator of student personnel services and professor of psychology at the University of Minnesota will speak today at 4 o’clock in the main lecture room of the electrical engineering building as the second speaker on this year’s counseling program. Dr. Williamson has been secured by the President’s ofiice to address a combined meeting of student and faculty counselors. The speaker will discuss methods of counseling students, a subject on which he is considered an authority. He is the author of several books on the problems of counseling. All co-eds desiring to be WSGA counselors next fall are to attend this meeting. This is the first year that the co-ed, ed, and faculty counselors are all attending the same counseling programs. Wesley Foundation Chooses Officers Members of Wesley foundation elected officers for the coming year at their meeting yesterday. Officers include Edward Brown, president; Cornelia Caldwell, vice-president; Walter Kettenring, treasurer; Anna Katherine Williams, secretary. Dorothy Holden was elected^ president of the co-ed class, and Glen Searcy head of the men’s class. Charles Feamot was chosen president of the Epworth League. The newly elected officers will hold an organization meeting, Wednesday
evening.
Counselor Positions Now Open For Co-eds Several Counselor positions at Girl Scout Camps for this summer are now open. Any co-ed with previous camp experience, an interest and ability in planning group activities and are at least twenty years of age are eligible for the positions. Applicants for jobs as instructors of the water front, arts and crafts, photography, and nature lore are much in demand. Further information jnay be received at the Placement Service for Women. Co-eds interested in procuring summer jobs in this field are asked to apply at the Placement Service at once.
have perspective, and balance. But every artists has his own opinion of what constitutes balance^— that’s what creates so much freedom in painting,” he c o n ti n u e d. In discussing composition, he referred many times to the picture entitled “Beer Party,” which is being displayed in the exhibit in the music room. President Dougherty gave four rules for painting for fun. “First, have a teacher. Second, change teachers often. Third, start a picture; get someone’s opinion on it; improve the picture; seek further opinions until there are no more that appeal to you; the picture is then finished. And fourth, don’t take lessons.” “This hobby has brought me so many new friends and so much enjoyment that I wish everyone would try it,” he concluded. Food Locker Plant Operators To Meet Here Thursday Mechanical problems of locker plants, handling food in locker plants, and patron-operator problems are among the topics to be discussed at the University conference for operators of frozen food lockers to be held on the campus Thursday and Friday, April 11 to 12. These discussions will be led by federal and state specialists on the subject of locker plants. At the first meeting of the conference at which Professor T. E. Hienton, University agricultural engineer, will preside, associate extension director T. A. Coleman will explain the purpose of the conference. Talks will be given by K. F. Warner, Washington, D. C., Federal meat specialist, on “Adapting Locker Plant Construction to Local Needs” and by Professor H. G. Venemann, University refrigerating engineer, on “Problems Involved in Mechanical Construction of a Locker Plant.” Professor P. C. Gaylord will be in charge of the afternoon program. K. F. Warner will discuss “Meats”; K. I. Fawcett, campus horticulturist will speak on “Fruits and Vegetables—Varieties and Steps in Processing”; and “Poultry — Selection and Preparation” will be discussed by William Kohlmeyer, University poultryman. Professor Leila Gaddis, state home economics extension leader, will preside over the Friday morning program. The speakers for the session will include Miss Eva Buel, extension nutritionist of the University, S. T. Warrington, Washington, D. C., Farm Credit Administration economist and Mr. Warner. "At the closing session Friday afternoon talks will be made on “Surveys Made Among Locker Patrons and Plants in Indiana” by Professor Gail Redfield, and “Plant Operator’s Viewpoints” by two Indiana plant operators. Following the formal program, a discussion and question period will be held and a summarization given by S. A. Anderson, University agricultural engin-
eer.
Sweet, Swing ... by the top name bands of the countiy will be on the list of selections from which dancers attending the tea dance sponsored by the Student Union in the new ballroom fi’om 4 to 5:30 o’clock this afternoon.
uiliMfre
NOW PLAYING
Polishing was the kesmote for the week as Coach Mai Elward ran the spring grid squad through an indoor drill in the Fieldhouse yesterday. The blocking and tagkling in last Saturday’s game was of an exceptionally fine quality for the spring season. The squad’s aggressive spirit is meeting with their coach’s approval and it is in keeping with the spirit of past Boilermaker teams. Particularly pleasing to Elward’s eye was the outstanding shewing of next year’s sophomore griditers. The work of Anderson and Brook at the halfback positions. Powers land Hillenbrand at tackle and guard, and the punting of Fijala were bright spots in Saturday’s tilt. Among the juniors and seniors, who next year will fight it out with the sophomores, there appeared a pair of top backs. If the play of Byelene and Petty in Saturday’s game prophesies their showing next fall, the two boys will attract na-tion-wide notice. In the line. Tommy Melton, Jack Winchell, and the Rossi brothers were outstanding. Sevei’al weak points that appeared in the playing of Saturday’s game will receive their inevitable attention. Emphasis on down-field blocking, timing, and protecting the kicker will constitute a good part of this week’s program. To climax the week, a game has been scheduled for Saturday which will be played in the Stadium to accommodate the general public. The battle will be an inter-squad game that will bring together two freely substituted teams giving most of the squad an opportunity to play. Phi Gamma Delia . . . announces the installation of the following officers: Charles E. Meyer, president; Stewart D. Marquis, treasurer; Charles C. Reeves, lecording secietary; James N. Lemon, corresponding secretary; J. Quentin Mueller, historian; Chuck Brandt, Bud Evans, co-rush chairmen. The following have been initiated: Nelson E. Burrin, Indianapolis; Robert K. Gossett, South Bend; John G. Mingle, Jr., Indianapolis; Stephen A. Minton, Jr., Indianapolis; Robert William Orr, Muncie; William R. Palmer, Marion; Harry J. Reed, Jr., West Lafayette” Martin A. Seidell, Indianapolis; Eugene X. Wiley, Marion; James M. Stiver, Indianapolis. New Phi Gamma Delta pledges are: Thomas E. Graham, Washingington; “James V. Proesel, Morton Grove, 111.; and John J. Chetney, Fulton, New York.
Alpha Xi Delta
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS IhiAir]
NOW SHOWING
iSSairgpisneu'g “"o™ ,,'r S^nocchiOi 'Af recHNicoiog ' Two yoo,, I . wolfing Pori ^•o It now—....
Activities Bureau Dixie's Romantic Atrhosphere To Bloom
Friday At Mortar Board's Southern Ball
. . . has requested organizations to send in a list of their workers to the bureau to be checked for eligibility for elective or appointive posi-
tions.
A 3.6 scholastic average and a health grade of above C are eligibility requirements. The ruling will be enforced; however, special cases will be individually considered by the Committee on the Coordination of Extra-Curricular Activities.
Alpha Chi Omega
. . , social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: president, Alberta Densford; vicepresident, Yvonne Holden; secretary, Kay Vernor; treasurer, Barbara Lommen; social chairman, Marie Johnson; rush chairman and Pan-Helleni(f representative, Joan Weist.
'' By Ruth Rose Picture yourself and your favorite man of the hour swaying gently to sweet music in the rose and blue atmosphere of a southern garden. The setting for this romafitic scene will be the new ballroom of the Union Friday night when Mortar Board members present their formal Southern Ball. Music for the dance will be furnished by Wayne Mclntire and his orchestra. Decorations Decorations will all be in keeping with the southern theme. The band stand will be transformed to represent the veranda of a southern mansion. Large white pillars, a white picket fence and trellises of
magnolias will form the setting for the orchestra. ' Lighting effects will be entirely in soft shades of rose and blue. Rose lights will be used around the ballroom and blue lights will be seen shining from the windows'* behind the orchestra. To add to the southern atmosphere floral favors will be sold at the dance by four freshman co-eds. Tickets, priced at one dollar, are now on sale at sorority liouses and residence halls or may be purchased from Mortar Board members. The dance will be winter formal and is the last all campus co-ed bid dance of the year.
Notices
Purdue Student Alliance: Meeting of the Student Alliance in room 306 in the Union at 8 p. m. Tuesday, April 9. —SMUUEVITZ.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. ih room 286 of the Union. —BELLES.
Phi LambdA Upsilon: Elction of pledges Tuesday, April 9, at 7:80 p. m. in room 106 of the chemistry building. —HALL.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 4 p. m. in the Agriculturist Office in the Union. —BLOSSER.
Grand Illusion: Final refunds on tickets for Grand Illusion will be made at the table in the main hall of the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. Tuesday, April 9. All tickets not turned in will be honred when film is shown. —STEFFEE.
Alpha Zeta Actives and Alumni: Initiation in room B of the Union Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. Everyone is expected to attend. Pledges report at 6:46. —HITCHCOCK.
Student Senate: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 :30 p. m in the Student Senate office in the Union. —FISHBURN.
CAA Flyers: Written examination for priavte pilots license will be held Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in room 108 f the mechanical engineering building. There will be no make-up for this exam. —WICHERSHAM.
Modern Dance Group: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in the women’s gym. All group members shoud attend. —KNIOHT.
WAA Tennis: Intramural and student faculty doubles tournament begins next week. Deadline for signing up is April 17. The list IS posted in the women’s gym. Monday and Wednesday there will be instruction for WAA members —EMSHOFF.
Kappa Delta Pi: Important meeting on Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. New members to be voted upon. Attendance compulsory. —BRODY.
Jackson County Purdue Students’ Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 in room 328 of the Union building. —FOSBRINK.
Baseball Call-out: Tuesday, 'Thursday, and Friday, April 9, 11, and 12 after 4 p m. Three practices are required. —PIDGEON.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room 303 of the Union Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, in room 303 of the Union. Actives come at 5 p. m. Pledges at 6:16 p. m. Please be prompt. —MITCHELL.
Kappa Delta Pi: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p m. in room 304 of the Union. —INCE.
. . . social sorority, entertained at a faculty tea Sunday afternoon, April 7, at the chapter house. Mrs. P. A. Risk, Mrs. J. C. Bottum, Mrs. C. Bartlett, and Mrs. Ben Petty poured at^ the table where the spring motif was carried out in colors of yellow and green.
TOMORROW ONE DAY ONLY
ON OUR STAGE
IN PERSON
BOONE
COUNTY
W.L.W
JAMBOREE
— with —
LAZY JIM DAY — HELEN DILLER LAFE HARKNESS — KENNY CARLSON HUGH CROSS and His Radio Pals SHUG FISHER — THE KENTUCKY GIRLS "TILLIE Q SMITH" YOU'VE HEARD THEM ON THE AIR—NOW SEE THEM IN PERSON . . .
1 Stage Shows at
— ADMISSION — 1
1 2:30 - 5:00 - 7:30 - 10:00
15^1 - 30c - 40c j
DOORS OPEN 12:45 ON THE SCREEN
The Newest Bumstead Panic
■ LAST DAY David Niyenj in "RAFFLES
PI Tau Sigma: Please get catalogae cards from Jane Templeton in MH office. When card is returned, you will receive a copy of the Condenser. (d-8) —EILHBING. Skull and Crescent: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in room 236 of the Union. -BELLES. —HAMMAH.
Pnrdue Student Alliance: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 8 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. —PHILLIPS.
Kappa Delti Pi: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. in room 287 of the Union. —INCE. Varsity Show Ticket Sellers: Bring tickets to Fowler Hall. —LUEDKA.
All Coe-ds: Those interested in living in a cooperative house next year should attend organization meeting Wednesday, at 8 p. m., room 64 of the Union building. Plans for organization of new house will be discussed. —PLUMMER. (4-10) Radio Club: Meeting juistponed to Tuesday, April 9, at 7:80 in room 264 of the EE building.
G E 36: Removal of conditions Examination April IS. Make arrangmnents lor taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR siLB-^TypawrKm. AU makes, standard and ponfeabln, told, purchsssd, rsnted and repaired. Nenr portable maehlass as low as $29.7S. SnppHes. C. F. ' ~ 806 Main stre^
ASMS: Meeting Tbursday, April 11. at 7:80 p. m., room 208, mecbanical engineering building. Dr. B. M. Buffington, physical chemist and research engineer of the Servel Co. will speak on Hie “Engineering Principles of Oiq Electrolux Refrigerating Unit.” Interesting demonstration apparatus. —VOYLES.
FOB BENT Rasa—^Ront-vA-Csr Ssrvlcs. Oars for aU oecaaloBs. Min. $2.B0 all nigh*. Fhons 71644.
All Students: Will those subscribers to Scrivenerk who did not receive their copy phone Metz, 8421, or Alexander, 2673. (4-11) —METZ.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Pair of plastic rimmed glasses in Union, Wednesday, April 8. Reward. Call Rothrock. 46964.
Lost: In Union. Gold Helbros wrist watch. Reward. J H. Parks, 226 Vine.
Westminster Students: Skating party Saturday, April 16, at 9 p.m. Come to house. All with cars please bring them. —OVITENS.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, April 9, at 7:80 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Gordon Enders will speak. A short business meeting will follow. —TEERIO.
Co-ops: There will be a SCA board meeting in room 302 of the Union, Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. —BROWN.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7 p. m. before the ASCE meeting Tuesday, April 9, in the Civil Engineering reading room. —CORNELL. Agricultural Engiof'ring 11: An examination to remove oon'^ions In Agrieultunl Engineering 11 (Iil^hanics of Agriculture) will be given Saturday, April 20. Come to room 106, old agricultural engineering building, to arrange for the examination. This arrangement must be completed by April 18. —RICHEY, HUBLER.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
MOaUMf SHEHO MUEMiomiir REVIVE
PLUS—2ND FEATURE MANE WITHERS [Starts stepping out, ...and Is if funl^
mmmh,*umGmsm j^UURi OU MET * lYNNE mm ItiBlHARVtY* Cliff EDWARDS
ARC TODAY - WEDNESDAY Drama OfA Mighty Love!
FRIEDA OTTO ROCHEUl NESCORT*KROGER•HUDSON —-and —
k,
1 I) I _ '* ^ , u2 '*Mri
%
* » # .
> II
T«i«8<|ciy, Apzil 9/ 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
rr
’ J j/
Hawkeyes, Pittsburgh Meet Boilermaker Nine As Feature Of "Baseball Week Raising the curtain on the second annual “Baseball Week,” the official American League picture, “Touching All Bases,” was shown lust night in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Continuing the festive week relegated to America’s favorite pastin^e will be the pair of games with the past season’s Big Ten diamond champs, the powerful lowans, on Wednesday and Thursday, with the climax being furnished by the tussle with the colorful Pittsburgh Pirates Friday afternoon.
Leading the Hawkeyes on their invasion Wednesday afternoon will be the Co-captains, Jim George, and Harold Haubcenterfielder and pitcher, respectively. George last season was the leading hitter in the Western Conference with an average, of .462. Haub is a mighty right hander with a speedy fast ball and a tricky curve. Last season he was undefeated, winning his four conference starts for the best record in the
league.
Prasse Back Another outstanding luminary on the Iowa squad is Erwin Prasse, well known to Riveter fans for his previous two appearances on the
Golfers Assemble In Fieldhouse Tomorrow For Links Clinic
Sarazen, Armour, Walsh Revolta, Others Preside Link Demonstration Tomorrow £Yening Great names of the fairways and greens will start collecting on the campus tomorrow as the University golf clinic gets underway. Included in the group which will demonstrate how golf should be played are such outstanding players as Horton ^mith,
Byron Nelson, Gene Sarazen, Dick Metz.
The clinic will give students
campus this year, first as the captain of the football team, and later as a regular guard on the Hawkeye hardwood quintet. Prasse has a regular job as guardian of the keystone sack, and upon the completion of this season will become Iowa’s first nine letter man since
1922.
The Hawkeyes lost only four regulars from their 1939 squad and boast veterans in nearly all positions. Haub IS slated to do mound duty in the opener with either Hohenhorst or Hein carrying on in the
second contest.
CROSLEY RADIO Portable Battery and Electric $13.99 up CROSLEY ‘‘Shelvador” Siefrigerators—6 cu. ft. Models $99.95 - $119.95 - $139.95 Washers, Ironers, Vacuum Cleaners Service and Parts C. B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827 Main Street Phone 7950
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
\ i
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
1
• Sdiool Supplies
• Professional
"DBAC"
Risk Dental Clinic
d
Everything for a
DR. PAUL A. RISC DR. LUTtCR A. RMK
College Education
DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fr Main Pliona 5701
'1
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION
R. C. EISENBACH
DENTIST
■#
Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
119Vi Vine • W. Lafayette Phone 4965
DR. C. E. SURRATT
►
• Hardware
OPTOMETRIST
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities
-
EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
522 Main St. Phona 4781 LAFAVETTE, INDIANA
• Florists
\ Sperb Hardware
Dorner's Flower Shop
Quality Mdse.-—Lower F’rices
Quality Flowera
822 Main Phone 2777
Main at 7th Phone 6050
>
• Tailor
f
SPARRENDAHL
Merchant Tailor
HOTEL FOWLER
4th and Fusty $ts.
\
Choiai By Bobert J. Deehard
Pot Pourri Number Eleven “Damn” Iowa Worries— Seven of the men on the Purdue team which defeated Iowa in a Western Conference baseball opener in 1939 will meet the Hawks in a 1940 opener here tomorrow and Thursday, mourns a Daily Iowan kolumn-
ist . . .
One of them, chum, is Bob Bailey, the hurler who limited your cornfed cribbers to three well-scattered hits last year and is scheduled to start one of the two Purdue-Iowa games this week.
—fc—
Transplanted Baseballer— Although he has never pitched a game of fraternity baseball before. Jack Krause, Sigma Chi left-hand-
It is likely that Bob Bailey will oppose the Iowa co-captain in the initial game and Gerald Higgins in the second, with Blanken and Navta lending any needed support. Colorful pre-game ceremonies will add to the interest of the Pirate encounter Friday, with Governor Townsend and President Elliott participating. Governor Townsend will be on the receiving end as President Elliott pitches the first ball. Stars Assured Pittsburgh authorities have given assurance that the regular Pirate lineup, composed of such stars as the Waner brothers, Johnny Rizzo, and Arky Vaughn, will take the field against the Boilermaker nine.
er, hurled his first last Friday and goose-egged the Phi Delts by a score of 10 to 0... If you remember. Jack was a member of the Boilermaker football team for the last four years.
—fc—
/ Free, Gratis, for IJfothing-y We’ve always wondered why Michigan annually dominates Big Ten track ... Then we find out that 34 Wolverine track frosh were awarded numerals last year, which, in our estimation, should insure Wolve-thinly coaches material for a
moon or two.
—^fc—
No Typographical Error— To the sixteen-dozen students have asked us whether Chuck Klein played with the Pittsburgh Pirates or the Philadelphia Phillies, our answer is that the slugging outfielder is now playing with the latter, instead of playing with the Corsairs as it appeared in a recent “FC.”
—fc—
Pardon Us, Mr. Doyle— Begging your pardon. Jack Doyle, odd-maker on baseball pennants races, but aftec^you announced your first quotations without drawing any line between the Cincinnati Reds and St. Louis Cardinals in the National League, we happened to remember that the Birds’ slabmen have been pitching like a bunch of dubs during the Grapefruit Circuit schedule . . .
—^fc—
Slow on the Draw— We knew this before, but Arch Ward, columnist and “competitor” of ours in this sport-writing business, beat IIS to publishing that Mickey Tierney, Boilermaker basketballer, and a good infielder in his own right, is giving up baseball this year under the doc’s orders ... Ailing arm, it is.
—^fc—
Finland Fun (d) — Arturo Paychek, the poor fellow who went out like a light after get-
Golfers Open Home Schedule Saturday With the coming of Spring, another Boilemaker team opens its home schedule, nnd this time it’s out on the grassy links of the West Lafayette Golf Club. With the top notch divot diggers of the Riveter squad still something to be decided upon by Coach Harry Allspaw, the team will be fighting especially hard to make good appearances in their coming' match with Detroit next Saturday afternoon. The match is to be played off on the home links of the West Lafayette course, and the varsity will be fighting to show their stuff for Coach Allspaw. Captain of the squad is Bob Hoffer, and C. T. Curran, Doug McDaniel, Sam Welding, Bob McKenzie, Bob Skinner and Bud Evers are included in the topranks of the varsity squad.
ting in the ring with Joe Louis for a round and a fraction, does deserve plenty of commendation for fighting in that Finland Fund fight ... He almost gave up his life for the dear Finlanders.
Why Auction?
Just Advertise ! in the C ^ 1 Purdue Exponent
give students a
chance to meet some of the outstanding players in the game as well as pick up a few points on how to correct that slice or chip shot which has been keeping their scores up. The clinic’s main theme vfill be on methods of golf instruction, and will include many features which should be of special interest to the student body. On Wednesday afternoon at 3:16, a demonstration of golf fundamentals will be held in the west end of the Fieldhouse, conducted by Horton Smith, Byron Nelson and several other great professionals. After the demonstration a motion picture on golf will be shown in the swihiming pool, lasting from 4 to about 6 o’clock in the afternoon.
Pros Galore
In the evening, starting at 7:30, some of th^ greatest pros in the middle west will take part in the golf show to be held on the Fieldhouse floor. Bunkers, greens and traps will be set ojrt on the floor for demonstrations of all types and varieties of shots. At the conclusion of the demonstration there will be mass gblf instruction in which 160 pros will assist, and students wishing to take part in the instruction need only to bring ^ wood club over to the Fieldhouse Vith him Wednesday evening.
Golf I. Q.
An outdoor demonstration of all shots will be held on Thursday afternoon at 3:30 p. m. starting at the Fourth street entrance to Intramural Field, and will be conducted by celebrities including Gene Sarazen, Dick Metz, Bjrron Nelson and a few others. Thursday’s program also includes a golf aptitude test being run off at 11:30 a. m. by Dr. J. TiflSn, of the University division of education aifd apphed psychol-
ogy.
A collection of antique golf equipment, dating way back to the days when the game was played in kilts on the fairways of bonny Scotland, is being put on display in the front lobby of the Fieldhouse as a special feature of the golf clinic. The clubs, 200 of ’em ranging all the way fromthe old cast iron shillalah to the most streamlined modem versions, are part of a highly valued collection of Robert F. Zeddies of Wilmette, 111. Golf Antiques The grandfather of them all is a 400 year old club, which will vie for interst with a huge niblick having an engraved bone handle. Curiosities galore will be on display, including a club fashioned entirely from one piece of wood, and a pioneer golf ball made of gutta percha. Spectators will be allowed to handle the ancient equipment, so lK>me out and try swinging a double handled putter! Frosh Track Managers Called For Wed. Meeting Senior track managers Maim ctnJ Werst have announced a meeting for freshmen interested in a job as frosh track manager Wednesday afternoon at 4 o’clock at Ross-Ade stadium. All of those who are desirous of a good activity are urged to report at this time. Theta Alpha Phi Sponsors Make-Up Schorl April 11,12 Theta Alpha Phi, dramatic honorary, is sponsoring a theatrical make-up school on Wednesday and Thmsday, April 11,12, from 7??0 to 9:30 p. m., in room 236 in the Union, Gilbeit Dunbar Williams, past president of the Wisconsin players and his wife, Sonya WUHaws, metotber of the Black Friar play honoraiy at the University of Alabama, vffil lecture at this meeting. Both Mr, and Mrs. Williams are m^mbmrs of the Lafayette Little Theater,s , M . 1, lysm
H.’if r
{ / S I t
^ ^ ■.i'j i f
11 I*
t ^ '“■ '|3>-i 1 if.
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 9, 1949
'r *
i)
MIN AND BEAR IT
•y UbIi^
Bull Sesaon
‘Naturally, the chief difference between this $7.98 ring and the $4.79 one is that you get a better diamond!”
Some of the guys and gals rushed the weather man a little over the week-end and had “pitch-nics.” Should you meet anybody wit a cold dm her nose, just remember that sprig has cum. . . . Jane Haltom, Jean Jones and Nan Ward claim that they went on PlCnics ... “Honesty is the best policy,” so this department will not verify the above statement. —B & B— Gettying back to “pitchnics” brings us to the little escapade of some Phi Kappa Sigs and their dates. Sunday found Bobbitt, Strickler, Withers, Jane Ramsey, Jane Pavey and Jean Patrick at a “cabin outing” at Shaeffer Lake ’Twas a winding patch that took them to the cabin. The upshot of the whole story was that everyone got mad at Patrick when she turned on the lights at eight-thirty. —B & B— Silver Mask men beware. The Gimlets are getting tired of asking you for cigarettes and getting turned down on finding out tl^at you aren’t one of their pledges. We wouldn’t be surprised if the Gimlets would mistake a Silver Mask lad when they go out on the football field to hold their initiation . . . either the Silver Mask men better stop wearing their hats during Gimlet season or stait carrying cigarettes. —B & B— & Score one for the women. The Kappas are now giving key-chain charms to the fellow whose pin the girls are wearing. It is a good way of warning all other women to keep hands off . . . and it does show the world at large that the fdilows did have a pin What are the Kappas trying to do . . . promote business? After all the poor bys have to get something in return. —B & B— Could it be that romeo Johnny Dean is getting desperate in his last semester. He seems to have fallen under the charms of Marge Stocker . . . then again it could j'ust be the picnic Season. —B & B— If you want to see red before your eyes a^k Treva Berry what it is that Jpkie Clark admirers and she dislikes ... to be more specific, you might mention the girl on the poster advertising “Sweethearts” in the Sweet Shop. —B & B— It may have been rainy and moonless last Saturday night but ' that wasn’t reason enough to stop BoUo Dehoog, Pi Kappa Phi, from planting his pih on Betty Woelffle of Chi Omega. Bring out those seegars my Iran’.
WBAA —TODAY— 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Russ Graefnitz 12:15—Control of Cancer 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:30—Music of the Artists 1:45—Markets 2:00—Afternoon Music 2:15—Magic Carpet 2:30—^You and Your Child 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—^Lest We Forget 3:30—Biographies 4:00—^The Wonder of Vision 4:15—Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour
Yale was the first U. S. university to establish a school of fine arts.
Dear Sir: There is a question in my mind as to the proper time of the year for summer formal to make its debut. According to the information that I have been able to obtain, summer formals are not proper until about the middle of May. If this be so, why doesn’t our Prom committee do a little investigating for themselves and then make the dress for the 1940 Prom coincide with their findings. Many of the potential Prom goers, including myself, have either decided to or have made arrangements to attend the Prom in winter formal because of the fact that April 19th is definitely in th^ season for D^inter formals. The question that I would like to have answered is whether or not it will be permissible for winter formal to be worn by those of us who wish to do so. D. L. Haines, M E ’40. Ed. Note: As was stated by Prom Committee in the Friday, April 6, edition of the Exponent, Prom will be strictly winter formal. Dear Sir: The committee on housing for the NISA convention wishes to thank all groups or individuals who housed delegates while they were on the campus. It is quite certain that their cooperation was in a large measure responsible for the success of the whole affair. We also wish to thank the Exponent for the fine publicity given us. Jerry Hinshaw. WAA Will Sponsor Swim Frolic Thursday In Gym All co-eds are invited to attend a swimming frolic to be sponsored by WAA Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium. Included among the events will be swimming games, relay races, diving, and other foims of swimming activities. WAA co-eds will demonstrate the proper technique of canoe handling. No definite schedule has been arranged, but it is hoped that many co-eds will attend to join the fun. No admission will be charged.
But
Incidentally—
By Serge This telephone situation has us worried again. After spending half the evening getting a line into WRH we have trouble with the little man. No sooner do we get well started flapping away with the one-&-(for the moment) only gal friend than a cold, impersonal voice says, “I am sorry, but your time is up” or words to tjiat effect. Which is a dull way to end a conversation. * ♦ * The other night we thought that we would get in ahead of him, so we said we would sign off before he could say it. Immediately however, the cold, impersonal voice said, “I’m sorry, but this line IS needed.” ♦ * * Now what the devil does the little man do? Does he listep to all the calls, and break in at the most inappropriate moment? If so, life must be interesting. Memorandum: Investigate possibility of getting chummy with the little man. He might know what she tells the other fellows, > + * * Waking from a stupor yesterday, we found ourself in the stacks of the library, at the back of the first floor. They actually keep the back numbers of the Exponent, as far as 1899 or so. In one of these we saw an ad for one of those giraffe-like collars that were all the rage in those days. We have it on good authority that it was this very ad that gave Gloomy Gus of the you-know-what department the idea for his subsequent neckwear. There was also a picture of the wood shop of those days. It hasn’t changed much — either. * * * , In 1919 we find this ad; Lost—Theta badge between Theta house and Ladies’ Hall. They still do it. * * * In the Family Theatre ad they said, “Critics have pronounced this a picture which will linger long in your
Purdue Exponent
R. B. luler Mr. B. Smith
Bdltor4B-GlM . Bostaws MMWtmr
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; O. W. Frederfck, uaiip aging editor; B. JML Antenini, senior lidvertuing manager; G. Schilling, oo-ed editor; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post <tf{ice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mardi 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the ret^ar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 18.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New Totk; M. T. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial direetw. Night Editor, Rnflner Day Editor, Simpson Issne Editor, Bach Tuesday, April 9, 1940.
memory, A sweeter and more beautiful romance was never told. Adults 10 cents and 20 cents plus war tax.” It’s the same old line at a cheaper price. 4< If * “We pay cash for second hand books” said the firm of Jaques and Southworths. * * ♦ Those windows of the stacks which look out over the walk behind the library are mighty fine for seeing people without being seen. We watched fascinated, while dozens filed out by not six feet from us, blissfully unaware that they were being given the once over. * * * Another place that you can watch people without being seen is just off the ballrooms. In the room where they control the lights and microphone there is a little window of a special kind of glass. The little man in the loom can see out into the ballroom, but you can’t see 111. He must have fun. Ed. Note: “Yes, isn’t it fun just to watch pe«|^e?” — Ui
Beauty Without Extravagence! Crown Cleaning brings out the Beauty of Garments Have Your Clothes Crow^ Cleaned Regularly CliiWN Lmmi m W E C I. E A'N EBS OF FINE CLOTHES
wsiesi
j4asta J^edersen ... the stniling hostess who welcomes guests at one of New York’s most famous hotels. She will tell you Chesterfield is the busiest | cigarette in the place.
... tiafs
oing ^’two packs at a time^^ because Chesterfield is today^s definitely milder^ cooler-smoking^ better-fasting cigarette These three qualities—mildness, COOLNESS, TASTE... are the sum and substance of real smoking pleasure. You enjoy all three ^ in Chesterfield’s right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos. A-t over a million places w^lere cigarettes are sold you can see these clean white Chesterfield packages going into more pockets and more handbags every day. All over the country smokers are finding out you can*t buy a better cigarette.
Copyright IMO, Liggxtt at Mybju Tobacco Co,
TodayDEFINITELY MILDER, Cooler-Smoking, Better-Tasting Cigarette
\\