Artie Shaw...
. . . who with his nationally famous band will play the Homecoming mixer in the Union ballroom Friday night. Open House Will Mark National Pharmacy Week Open house at the PharmacyBuilding tomorrow and Thursday is included among the activities of the Pharmacy Extension Department in the observance of National Pharmacy Week. Professor C. 0. Lee will speak over WBAA tomorrow at 2:30 in connection with Pharmacy Week, ancTProf. C. J. Zufall will be heard on Thursday at 2 p. m. The pharmacy school invites students, faculty, and townspeople to visit the Pharmacy Building and its laboratories tomorrow and Thursday during the regular class hours. Soccer Enthusiasts Start Practicing On Fieldhouse Floor By S. Lutzky The players that you see running around the Fieldhouse every day at 4 in abbreviated shorts and heavy shoes aren’t crazy track runners but hooters introducing the game of soccer into the sports curriculum of the University. Soccer is a forerunner of American football. Most popular in Europe, where ‘it is played internationally, it is becoming increasingly popular in the U. S., especially in the East. Thirty minute halves of continuous running make this one of the most strenuous games known. It is truly football, because the player is not allowed to touch the ball with his hands. Purdue hooters, 20 strong, practice every day in the Fieldhouse and several games are scheduled for the near future with various clubs. All former soccer players and all students interested in the game are asked to come to practice.
Cinema Cues
L
“Straight, Place, and Show,” Darryl Zanuck’s newest hit starring those favoiite comedians, the Ritz Brothers, is playing at the Lafayette Theatre through Wednesday. The story, by Damon Runyon, concerns the adventures of the Ritz Brothers at the track when they enter their horse, “Playboy,” in the big Southbury Sweepstakes. They become involved with some desperate characters who attempt to “fix” the races; but in the end it is the Ritzes who “fix” everything in a hdanous, photographic finish. An excellent supporting cast includes Phyllis Biooks, Richaid Alien, Ethel Meiman, who sings the newest hits by Brown and Pollack. “Foui Daughters,” featuring the Lane sisters, Priscilla, Rosemary, and Lola, and the newest Hollywood find, Jefferey Lynn, may be seen at the Mars today through Wednesday. Based on a stoiy hy Fannie Hurst, the plot concerns four devoted sisters who fell in love with the same man. ''Joan Bennett and Henry Fonda star in “I Met My Love Again” today and Wednesday at the Luna, Second part of the double-feature program will be “Gaiety Girls” with Jack Hulbert and Patricia Ellis.
Purdue Exponent
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana; Cloudy and cooler today.
TUESDAY
October 18, 1938
Lafayette, Ladiona
Vol. 50
No. 30
Col. Beere To Address Ags Win Honors At Royal
Officers At Luncheon
In Union Ballroom At noon today the entire corps of junior and senior officers of the ROTC will assemble in the Union ballroom for the first cadet officers’ luncheon of this year, according to Art Levin, who will pi'eside. Since this is the first group meeting this semester. Col D. Beere will be formally introduced to the officers. The remaining time will be taken up by a speech by Cadet Colonel R, R. Hannas, and a solo by^ Fred Baase on the xylophone. Colonel Beere will present six honor medals to the best seniors on the staff. Three of the medals will be awarded to J. M. Rudolph, R. R. Hannas, and R. C. Zimmer, as the seniors holding the highest relative ratings in their class at the end of the camp period. Three more medals will be awarded to R. R. Phillips, R. B. Fitts, and P. L. Henry, for the men showing the greatest improvement in their junior year. Tickets will be available at the door, but the 50 cent price of admission will be deducted from the individual’s pay if he signs up in advance. PosiflonsSfillOpen On Activities Bureau Activities Bureau issued its first call for sophomores yesterday. Some 40 students signed up for regular work in iftie bureau’s sophomore ranks. Leon Jacobson, b^ureau head, stated that all sophomoyes that are still interested in the project, which IS a full fledged activity, should report this afternoon to the Activities Bureau in room F of the Union at 4 p. m. Jacobson was very pleased both with the quality and the quantity of the sophomores that appeared. It IS very urgent that all those men and women that desire to be a part of the Bureau report tonight for this opportunity will not be open for a much longer period. Meredith, Woorrell Secure New Positions D. T. Meredith, who received his bachelor of science degree in Pharmacy in 1937 and his masters degree from Puidue last June, has accepted a position as instructor in the Detroit Institute of Technology College of Pharmacy. L. F. Woorrell, Ph. ’35, has been added to the staff of instructors in the Des Moines College of Pharmacy. Tanco Will Express Views On Photography Tonight Paul Tanco, Lafayette news photographer, will pass on his views of news photography to the members of the Camera Club tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. Improvement in pictures from the standpoint of technique, arnargement, and composition will be the subject of the discourse. Betas Lick Phi Delts; Win Softball Tournament Nosing out the Phi Delta Thetas in fifth and sixth inning rallies, the Beta Theta Pi pill pounders captured the current intramural softball championship yesterday afternoon on Russell Field by defeating the losers, 7 to 6. Hits by Tuhey and Gutting netted two runs in the fiHh frame. Van Hook reached third on an infield error and stolen b^ses in the last inning, and Morrison’s double sent Van Hook across the plate for the winning run.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 18.— Robert S. Harper, Purdue senior, tied for fourth place individual honors in the collegiate judging contest held here Saturday in conjunction with the American Royal Livestock
Show.
Harper, along with his teammate^ w'^ cached by Prof. W. W. Smith^und-^presented Purdue in the annual contest enrolling 17 teams from 16 states with a total of 85 contestants. Other high ranking Purdue men weie G.C. Stewart, who placed fifth in judging sheep, and W. C. Kessler who placed fourth in judging swine. Harper was also 10th m judging beef cattle and 8th j^in judging swine. As a team the five men representing Purdue placed ninth, Neb-
raska winning the contest. The other two men on the team in addition to Harper, Stewart, and Kessler, were H. Woody and L. S. Har-
din.
The collegiate judging contest at the Royal is an annual activity in whict agricultural colleges throughout the country participate. Each team placed and gave oral reasons on 12 classes of livestock, four classes each of beef cattle, sheep, horses, and swine. At Purdue, only seniors speciali'zing in animal husbandry may try out for the team. Purdue will be repiesented in a similar but larger liveslock judging contest which will be held at the International Exposition the last of November.
Varsity Debate Team Co-ed Debaters Will Prepares For Big Ten Meet Tomorrow Night Battles In Near Future To Organize For Year
Men’s Varsity Debate squad is hard at work preparing its resources for their verbal battles with Ohio State, Michigan, Northwestern and Illinois during the next two months. Conflicts with the remaining Big Ten teams are scheduled for the second semester. This semester’s subject is: “Resolved: That the United States
Shoi|ld Establish an Alliance with Great Britain.” Last year’s varsity squad members who will put forth their efforts this year are: M. Kax'nowsky, D. Paarlberg, R. Sasser, J. Rittenhouse, and R. Kelble. The sophomores supporting the squad are: B. Bohlin, M. Keane, T. Lowe, D. Sinish, M. White, and R. Springgate. This year’s new men are: J. Quinn, R. Rhoehamel, and J. Yamamoto. Students... . . . may obtain their reserved seat tickets for Saturday’s Homecoming game with Wisconsin at the Fieldhouse ticket office it was announced yesterday hy Ticket Sales Manager C. S. Doan. The ticket office will be open from 8 a. m. until 5 p. m. through Friday.
L. S. Winch, coach of co-ed debate squad, requests that all co-eds interested In debating to attend a special meeting tomorrow night, October 19, at 7 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. This year the conference debate program requires a series of debates in December and another series in March. The proposition for the December series is: “Resolved: That the Totalitarian State is Economically Desirable.” The subject involves a discussion about the methods employed by dictatorships, and whether they are more desirable than those employed by the democracies. During the past three years, Purdue’s co-ed debate teams have lost onlv one decision in conference compel ition. Jean Davis... . . . Sci. ’36, was married to W. Edwin Hobson Sunday at the Wabash avenue Presbyterian church in Crawfordsville. Miss Davis is a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, and Hobson is a graduate of Butler University. The couple will live at 202 S. 9th street, Lafayette.
Carolyn Williams ... Honoring Purdue.
. . . H. E. ’36, died at the Home Hospital Sunday morning from a streptococcic infection in the blood stream. Miss Williamson had been teaching in Kentland since her graduation.
. Russ Morgan and his Swing Fourteen will play “For Honor of Old Purdue” this evening at 7 p. m. over a nation wide hookup. Philip Morris sponsors the program which each week salutes a different Uni-
versity.
Firemen Convene Here, Will Discuss, Display Equipmen t Fire engines and chief’s cars convening on the campus today will inaugurate the Fifth Annual Indiana Fire School to be held here today and the two days ensuing. The^program, centered in the EE Building, will include demonsUations by the various manufacturers of fire-fighting equipment. The speakers are nationally known authorities on fire-prevention, fire-fight-ing, and firemen tiaining. Beginning today at 1:15 p. m. the* different speakers will include such topics as Automatic Sprinklers, Department Inspection, and Indiana Fire Departments in their discoursing. As part of the recreational program, the school will hold a benefit dance at Lincoln Lodge, just north of Lafayette on the River Road. Assistant Dean of Engineei-ing W. A. Knapp director of the present fire school, will present the opening speech of the school at 10 a. m. this morning, following the registration. Walters To Speak At Debris Meeting Today J. E. Walters, Uhiversity personnel director, will address the business staff of the Debris this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Union reception room. He will talk on “What the Debris Means to the Student.” Annually Mr. Walters gives a talk to the junior business managers and sophomore salesmen. Any students interested in working on the business staff are asked to report to this meeting. Deadline Is October 29 For Course Cancellations Students wishing to drop courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29, according to an announcement by Dean of Men M. L. Fisher. Cancellation cards obtained from heads of department must be signed by the head of the school, and if possible the head of the department. Cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. After October 29 cancellations can be made only if properly approved by the department concerned, and by the dean of men.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty Eighty EE Students, Faculty Attend Picnic
Wickard Speaks At AAA Meeting Before 1,000 “No group of farmers or industrialists has. ever been able to set the price of a product without controllfng the production,” Claude Wickard, Ag ’15, told approximately 1,000 county and community AAA AAA Director...
n
“You tell your chef, Albert, that I could simply kill him for making such delicious food.”
Eighty students and faculty members of the electrical engineering school attended a picnic held Saturday afternoon at Murdock Park in Lafayette, Picnickers played baseball and softball during the afternoon while they heard the Fordham game by means of radio facilities provided for that purpose. Refreshments consisting of hot dogs, coffee, root beer, and ice cream were furnished. The picnic was sponsoi'ed by the AIEE and Eta Kappa Nu for the purpose of bringing the students and the staff membei's into closer relationship. Slide Rule Classes. . . . win continue tomorrow with instructions in new work being gi\‘en by J. N. Arnold, assistant professor of general engineering. On Wednesday, instruction will cover the use of trig scales, log scales, and the solution of triangle. Classes are held in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops, and begin at 4 p. m. Tomorrow’s work will be repeated next Mofiday, October
... Claude Wickard
committemen, county agents, and farmers attending the first of four district AAA meetings held in
ler Hall yesterday.
Wickard, a Carroll county farmer and director of AAA’s north central region of 10 states, was the
princinal speaker.
Other district meetings will be held today at Huntington, tomorrow at Greensburg, and Thursday
at Vincennes.
Don Powell Wijl Talk To Co-eds Tomorrow Don Powell, ’37-’38 :^otball captain, will speak before a mass meeting of the W. A. A. on football plays and tactics tomorrow at 4 o’clock, in the faculty lounge. All co-eds are invited to attend the discussion group, and to ask questions about this year’s football season. Barbara Dobson is general chairman for the meeting. Former Grid Star Dies At Indianapolis Sunday Harry C. Buschmann, Purdue football star in days of the “flying wedge” formation, died Simday at the Indianapolis Methodist Hospital. He had been in the hospital for
a month.
A student at the University from 1892 to 1896, Buschmann was considered one of the outstanding athletes of his time and one of the greatest halfbacks to play on the University’s football teams. Also a track man, he was the first runner to set a 10 second flat I’eCord for the 100 yard dash in Indiana intercollegiate competition. He was a member of the local chapter of the Sigma Chi fraternity. Professors Come From 56 Schools Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering recently compiled data furnishing information as to the Alma Maters of the various engineering professors. Fifty-six different institutions are represented here by their graduates. Forty-one Purdue graduates lead in the number of engineeidng faculty memliers. Massachusetts Institute of Technology is I’epresented by seven graduates; University of Illinois, six; Harvard and the Univei'sity of Wisconsin both have five members here; and four each from Cornell, University of Michigan, Kansas State College and Vermont Polytechnic Institute. , Forty-seven more institutions are represented by from one to three men. '• >
£dijtoJuai
THE PDBDHE EXPONENT
J^tcduMA
Tue^ay, October 18, 1938
\f
YeSf Finals Are... . . . nerve racking experiences, as J H. S. insists in his letter printed on this page—^but we contend that they are well worth the effort. In the first place a final exam should not worry any person who actually knows the work perfectly. It should follow that a person who does not know his work needs to do a little nerve racking studying and exam writing before he receives credit in a course. In mentioning the “modern system of education” we know of no such plan that eliminates examinations Our idea of the modern way of teaching is to allow work to be passed olf by examinations taken at the convenience of the student and with any amount of previous class instruction that the student wishes to take At least one large American univer-r sity uses that sort of an education plan. We’re not sure we’d like to go to school under that system but here is our idea of a simple change that might make the final examination valuable as a tool for teaching as well as a yardstick for grading Add one recitation period after the final examination at which time the instructor should hand back to each student his own corrected final exam and then have a complete solution and discussion of the final. Undoubtedly this post-test class meeting would be ]ust a gripe to many students, but to any person really interested in learning it should be one of the most worth while periods of the semester It’s been our experience that we have learned more in that sort of discussion period which usually follows an hour test than in any of the pre-test hours That may be because jt’s natural to be interested in the mistakes made and the correct answers At any rate there are invariably less nodding heads in classes while the instructor is showing the correct and amazingly simple method of working out in 10 minutes the test that stumped 30 students for the whole previous hour Quite probably this would have to be made compulsory—because it is pretty hard to con-
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Represenlattve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHicAso Boston Los Anoelbs • Sar Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office*in Lafayette, Indiana under the act of ConKrees of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 8, 1917, authorired January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60 Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editw
I,. S. Hardin City Editor 1. _ _ „ D A. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, R. E Insl^, W A Kroeplin D G Temo, J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Bnsiness Manager — M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — JE M. Antonmi Circulation Manager — - — W F Berg Sales Manager _ _ V Daugherty National Advcrbsing Manager— — H. W Nevin Accounts Manager _ — — WE. Smith Art Director _D J Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
_ Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
_ R. L. McDonald _ _ „ J A Hebbeler R. Jenkins, R J Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street Lafayette Indiana
Phone 6038
Editor
Associate Editors-
Editor — Associate Editors
This newspaper is written edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are stndent opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the offoiol University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—^Yates Tuesday October 18 1938
Vince a student that he should stay here at school after his grades are finally determined. That would be a rather undesirable arrangement, but would probably be necessary to insure the success of that final class.
Letters to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 160 words in length. Ordinarily the authors name will be published with the letter If for reasons obviouB to our readers the name IB withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column
Finals Are Nerve Racking Dear Editor ' When I entered Purdue University as a freshman, the old system of final exams to determine grades was m effect, and when I returned this year as a 3unior the same system was still in use What IS the matter ’ Cannot Purdue take the important step towards real education‘s Has the old system become so imbedded in the minds of our worthy officials that a change is inconceivable's In this day of so called modem education a professor should do eversrthing in his power to make his teaching methods more beneficial— and that does not mean that he should expect more from the student I think that all would do well to listen to Dr Miller, who says that our health is too important to be ruined by fretting over studies If there is ansrthing more nerveracking than final exams, it must be terrible Let’s have a change J H. S., EE ’40
^J^im and Jder By Georgann Schilling
As for gals ’n gowns— did you see the hoop skirts at Gold Diggeis Friday night‘s Sally McKee wore a hoop skirted gown, fashioned of silk plaid with a high neck line and long sleeves to emphasize the old fashioned theme Valerie Armstrong’s black taffeta frock also featured a similarily fashioned skirt which looked quite picturesque when she waltzed with her partner, Bob Meihaus —H H— Etiquette books—old and new— are featured in an exhibit of unusual interest now on display in the library. The oldest book titled “A Guide to Usages of Society With a Glance at Bad Habits” is dated in 1843 The latest etiquette ideas are expiessed in a booklet called “As Others Like You” dated 1936 This booklet IS written in ultra-modern collegiate style and provides interesting and informative reading material —H-H— The first trade dinners of the season were held last Wednesday night. The SAE’s entertained the Chi O’s, while the Thetas dined at the SPE house We are interested in announcing all the trade dinners so let us hear about them —H-H— A very accomplished young lady lb numbered among the members of the freshman class She is Mary Lou Switzer, an Alpha Chi pledge, who has won many laurels for her piano playing Last spring, Mary Louise won first place in piano solo division of the National Music Contest The campus musical organizations should find this new co-ed quite an asset
—TODAY— 11 00—The Dentist Says 11 15—Social Security Talk 11 30—The Home Makers 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Court of Safety 12 16—Jim Hoffman—^pianist. 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Songs and Melodies 1 00—Montitor Views the News 1 16—Electrical Shops 1 30—Good Language—Prof Otto Greiner 1 45—Market Reports 2 00—Farm Security Administration 2 16—Melody Moments 2 30—You and Your Child 2 46—Treasure Chest 3 00—D A R Program 3 16—Corrine Eagins—soprano 3 30—Magic Carpet 3 46—-Musical Moments 4 00—Heralds of Destiny 4 16—Stinson Brothers—guitars 4 30—Prof Chas Murphy—'Town Forum
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
with DON TERRY RITA HAYWORTH and BOB BAKER in “The Singing Outlaw” also ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
October 18th—and still Indian summer at Purdue' Heavy blankets and overcoats will hardly be necessary equipment for Saturday’s big game Which reminds us that the Homecoming is but four days away The celebrations will begin with the Homecoming banquet Friday evening followed by the mixer at which Artie Shaw and his great swing band will play Saturday will maik the reunion of old and new grads and undezgrads at class, sorority, and fra temity meetings as well as the regular mixer in the evening And this is the time for Homecoming decorations, too Various sororities and fraternities will be using all the clever, original ideas possible in the competition for the coveted awards
l!l
aiH
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Magic m his voice and magic in her swirling skates and saucy smile'
BOBBY BREEN
with CHARLIE RUGGLES DOLORES COSTELLO, ROBERT BARRAT DOROTHY PETERSON BILLY GILBERT CHARLIE MURRAY ond the World t Youngest Ice^Skaler IRENE PARE Also Cross and Dunn Comedy
>s the €(i99Y nirm Gldfly-«p' Giddy-onl brothers
tICHARD ARLEN ETHEL MERMAN PHYLLIS BROOKS GEORGE BARBIER TODAY —WED.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkiily
.A i .
RAY BROWN, THETA XI SCATTER BRAIN, made a little business deal this week-end. RAY imported his home-town gal KAY SINGER for Gold Diggers on Fii day night, and in trade he put out his pm BROWN was so confid«Tft that he was pricing cigars before he did the job DOD WILDHACK, OF THE PHI GAM house, has been noticed aiound the campus the past few days absent a fraternity pm What happened DODO Did it go the way of all good fraternity pins, or is the little woman a secret‘d AN A T 0 PLEDGE—name un known—^pulled the RAY BROWN special, and imported a girl for the shin dig last Friday evening, and the gnl did not know that it was on hei It looks as if the boy is definitely on the ball / THE MORE THAT I think about it the better this idea of importing on the night of Gold Diggers gets THE ALPHA CHIS, THOSE girls that live acioss fiom the women’s tennis courts, have got their eye on DANNY, the fellow that plays the piano at Lambs It looks bad for the BLUzer—or Danny—oi somethin’
JUST WHAT KIND OF an affan did these SIGMA NUances pull off this last Saturday night We understand that the boys had a hay pile in the house—or was it hey pile—at any rate it made the danc^ THE BOYS AT TERRY HALL, copped that record for having the most boys from their house at Gold Diggeis All that need be said to top this article off is just one word —GRAFT.
AROUND THIS TIME EVERY year it i sa good idea if the freshmen stait looking for a place to sleep for the week end So look up a nice safe corner, boys, because you’ll never know where an alumni will pass out What happened to the 15 tea dance dates of Purdue’s all-Amer-zcan girl, Georgann Schilling. SO BOB KANTZ says (at 8 30 in in the evening to the folks at home)
T Simply hate masquerades ’ You can’t breathe a word of scandal to anyone
“I have to go over to the school to study ” Oui most eligible bachelor might not feel so fine if he knew the truth about his gold diggers date MARG STOCKER had to ask thirteen eds before she found anyone to go to the ball with her Sully was the thirteenth one invited
FAMOUS LAST LINEThen theie’s the fieshman who thinks a nation without women would be stag nation
MAHS TODAY — WEDNESDAY
iMmA TODAY — WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
A DRAMA OP LOVE'S MOST PRECIOUS MOMENTSI
BENNETT
FONDA ImET MVUnfEAGAIN ;;Jf,hDAME MAY WHITT> • Al AN MARSHAL LOUISE PLATT'ALAN BAXTER — Pluj _.
with PATRICIA ELLIS
yOVl • • *
w,h PRISCILLA LANE ROSEMARY LANE•LOLA LANE GALE PAGE and CLAUDE RAINS JOHN GARFIELD • JEFFREY LYNN DICK FORAN Fruik McHugh Ma^'RobMo
REFRESHING « the yeaL round
Remember the familiar red cooler ever awaits to serve you. Stop often and be refreshed with a delicious Coca Cola. COCA COLA BOHLING CO.
Phone
509-11 Salem St. Lafayette
4828Tuesday, October 18, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
3 H
, Students To Compete
Intramural
‘Fltldtr’t.o..
In Cross Country Event
Notices
* ....choice
The intra school cross country will be run tomorrow afternoon at 4:16 o’clock from the Fourth street entrance to the intramural field with all contestants running three times around the field and finishing at the starting point. All University students are eligible for the race with the exception of varsity lettermen^ The first four men to finish will be awarded appropriate medals. The number entered exceeds last year’s mark, and all entries must be filed today at the Pieldhouse, according to “Chief” Clevett, intramural director.
TOUCHBALL
Today
Field Official 1— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
Troyer
2— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Pi. Chaffee 3— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon Luce 4— ^Theta Chi vs. Triangle Boland 5— Theta Xi vs. Theta Tau Krick 6— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta
McGrath
7— Kappa Delta Rhovs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Evers
8— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi Margolian
By Bruce Witwer
SOFTBALL
Today
Diamond
16—Ward 7X vs. Cary Hall 6. 16— Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 9. 17— Ward 6 vs Cary Ha 112.
18— Ward IIX vs. Cary Hall 10 19— Kappa Sigma vs. Loser (Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta). Foster 20— Delta Chi vs. Winner (Phi Delta Theta vs Beta Theta Pi). Igney
Official Chaffee
Chapman
Fishel
Witsman
Purdue’s Boilermakers turned stone masons Saturday and effectively worked on Fordham’s “seven blocks of granite” ... a tie still raises Purdue in the critics’ estimations, continuing the rise that was started last week by a better than predicted showing against the Gophers. —^fc—
For Transient Guests DAD, MOTHER, BROTHER, SISTER, YES BY ALL MEANS That Particular GIRL
Attractive, Comfortable ROOMS
with
Luxurious Beds
and
Excellent Service
THE UNION CLUB immaculately Clean Convenient
Restful
Dignified
JhsL
fiju/vdusL TI/hmuftmL lAmmc
the Campus ^ Activitii
The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center M Activities
We cast our vote of plaudit for the Boilermaker line which has shown amazing defensive power in these last two weeks ... in our opinion some choice phrase shbuld be applied to their prowess . . such as Boilermaker Battlements . . . when the enemy got too close for comfort, they coalesced like a stone wall and stopped attack after attack . .. strength at the crucial moments . . . those moments when Fordham was within scoring distance were fully as exciting, breathless, and gave the same thrill as when Purdue was making its touchdown .-v. power pitted against pow-
er was more apparent. —fc— The two B’s, Brock and Brown, carried off their share of the laurels Saturday too . . .Brown’s pass to Brock started the fireworks and Brock provided the final brilliant flare by not waiting to make a touchdown in the four given downs, but by racing eight yards for the tying counter on the first down. —^fc— After the Rams’ triple pounding at the Purdue goal line in the first half and the repulsion of the Riveters as soon as they started treading on pay dirt in the Fordham territory, hopes for a, score were still upheld, but seemingly without basis ., . then all of a sudden the score was tied up in three quick Purdue thrusts, 6-6 . . . too good to be true but there it was nevertheless . . . from yesterday’s exhibition we venture to say that the opponents left on our schedule will find it plenty hard to cope with the Boilermaker squad. —fc— Another victory marked the Purdue sports calendar for the day as the cross-couWry team romped to a win over the Illini . . . last year Purdue had the pre-meet edge but lost anyhow .
TiMt Tol? SW-E
This is Nafional Arrow Week! High time you hopped off the wagon and treated j ourself to Arrow’s best in shirts, collars, ties, handkerchiefs and underwear. If you want to be first on the campus to wear what everyone else will be wearing six months hence, see an Arrow dealer today—between classes, and scoop up some Arrows.
You’D always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S
Keep on the Sunny Side
For radiant health you require the best dairy foods. We are convinced that you'll like the fine quality of our products. Treat yourself to health!
Sunshine Farms
807 N. 4th
Phone 5015
\
Boilermaker Eleven Rests After Strenuous Game
Elward Pleased With Team Showing On Eastern Trip; Starts Plans For Homecoming Clash With Wisconsin
After meeting two of the country’s most powerful, and hardfighting elevens, Minnesota and Fordham, the Riveters travelling squad was conceded a well deserved rest yesterday as Boilermaker chiefs started making plans for the homecoming clash against Wisconsin’s sturdy Badgers here Saturday. ' ' During the interim the reserves
Big
Ten Title
Race Headed By Minnesota
An undefeated and untied Minnesota machine sweeps along towards its second consecutive Big Ten football championship with no team, with the exception of Northwestern, capable of stopping the big North Woods behemoths. The tussle between the “Golden Gophers” and the Wildcats two weeks hence should definitely decide the issue of the current title race, for after meeting the Fighting Kittens the Minnesota lads have only to bowl over Iowa and Wisconsin. The 7 to 6 victory over Michigan ovei the week-end was Minnesota’s fifth in a row at the expense of the Wolverines and its ninth in a series of 29 games. Wolverines Come Back Michigan’s brilliant play against their conquerors Saturday definitely proves that the Wolverines are returning to lay claim to the rulership of midwestern football. Ohio State’s scoreless tie with Northwestern gives the Buckeyes a reprieve, for they have a chanoe to finish the Western conference with five victories. Save for that score, which is the only thing that counts, the Wildcats were superior and may develop into a team to offer Minnesota trouble. The Boilermakers may be important in settling the championship. The Riveter defense which a week before had yielded only one touchdown to Minnesota, stood up. The local lads meet the Wisconsin Badgers Saturday and the Badgers, who succumbed to superior Pittsburgh power, 26-6, may expect a beating. Hawkeyes Climb Iowa, without a conference victory since 1935, probably has escaped the cellar spot in the Big Ten, a position shared with Chicago last year. The Hawkeyes, hungry for victory, gorged themselves with a 27-14 triumph over the Maroons, gaining their first conference victory since they defeated Illinois three years ago. Illinois, which lost to Notre Dame, 14 to 6, furnishes the opposition for Northwestern at home next Saturday, with Indiana engaging Kansas State at Bloomington. Chicago figures to take it on the chin meeting Ohio State at Columbus. The same applies to Iowa, which meets Colgate. Michigan goes to New Haven, Mass.,-4;o play Yale, with everything in its favor for a triumph.
were given a lengthy workout as the coaching staff introduced several offensive and defensive plays designed to improve the assault on the Badgers. Wisconsin Impressive The fearless Boilermakers, whose goal line stands and second half rally against Fordham have been among the highlights of the grid year, will face four successive Big Ten encounters in the final drive. University scouting reports indicate that Wisconsin, the immediate problem, made a much stronger showing against Pittsburgh than the score indicates, with “breaks” figuring heavily in enabling Pittsburgh to run up the score. Coach Mai Elward made no secret of the fact that he expects the current clash with the Badgers to be one of the toughest in what has been a spectacular senes filled with upsets. Elward Pleased Although most exuberant over the team play that made possible the second half rally against Fordham, Coach Mai Elward was pleased with the development of Dave Rankin, sophomore left end, the continued all-around play of co-captains Joe Mihal and Paul Humphrey, tackle Timperman and the hard running of Lou Brock and Jack Brown, with superb blocking by Tony Ippolito and Ted Hennis, in the final touchdown drive.
Ward Athletics
.. . are in full stride this week with softball semi-finals and touchball preliminaries in progress. Eight teams are competing today for the softball elimination tournament. Ward IIX meets Cary Hall 10, Ward 6 opposes Cary Hall 2, Cary Hall 9 is against Ward lOX, and Cary Hall 6 plays Ward 7X.
Touchball practice will be held tomorrow afternoon, with scheduled hostilities beginning next week.
Encouraged By .
... a recent victory over the Illini, the Boilermaker cross country team will qppose Wisconsin next Saturday. The meet will be held at 10 o’clock over the local three and onehalf mile course, between halves of the freshman-varsity “B” football game.
Minnesota
Illinois
Wisconsin Ohio State Michigran
Iowa
Northwestern Purdue Indiana Chicago
Big Ten Standings w L T Pet TP OP
2 0 0
1.000 1.000 1.000 1.000
.500 .500 .000 .000 .000 .000
14 6 12 2
31 13
6 0
51 14 40 45
0 0 0 7 2 18
21 72
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00. . H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
“BECAUSEOFlfSPAfaffEDPUriH I NEVER HAD TO BBEAK IN ■? jwtMEDICO Smoke wn'f bite tongue or coute rawmoulhr at it mutt patt through pol^d. IWtercomblah Ing coilophono on^rtorcwd cooling tcreen Interlort Boffloe break up tmoko ttream, automatically bieoklng In plp^
Ha
i-lmM
Spinach By Betty Wickard
“The ‘^ky’s the limit in the world of fashion Shouldeis use to the occasion, necklines leach a new high Indn idualisin luns not and glamoui soais tow aid the stiatospheie " If you ha\e a faint heait you’ll nevei be a fan ladv So biush up voui hail and add a few decoious yeais to voiii age Even foi the co-ed. that «weet young look is out Upswept ban is diamatic, lovely, and feminine if exquisjtely done Don’t let It look like you weie leady to step in the bathtub Theie are always exceptions to any fashions Maybe you need an in between coiffui e, but don t w eai that shouldei length bob M ith the new puiples we must look to oui make up See if you can weal a fiankly puiple lipstick Iloui lOuse -hould be a light, pale tone ot \ oui lipstick Keep your powdei delicate so that you have a soft backgiound foi the vivid accent of youi puiplish lipstick
^£acaL (Ma,
YWCA Members: Settlement House Committee meeting Tuesday, October 18, at 4 p m in YW office All girls interested in tins committee are urged to attend SCHWAB Wesley Foundation. Morning watch will be hold Tuesday October 18 at 7 30 a m with Martha Miller as. leader —MELSER Zouaves All active members aie urged to report at a meeting in the Armoiy Tuesday October 18, at 4 p m Imperative —HURS8
Delta Rho Kappa—Pledging ceremonies at 7 p m Tuesday October 18, in room C of the Union —HANNAS
Archery Meeting to be held in loom 104 of Fieldhouse Tuesday October 18 for all men and women interested in archery Beginners welcome Men s archery instruction every week day at 4 p m on men s range north of Cary Hall and west of Stadium Equipment furnished -KINZsER
WAA Hockey All sophomore, juhigpmnd senior gills aie expected to attend the~F'mid Hockey practice Tuesday October 18 4 This practice is in pieparation cl iss ti ams —SHAPPER
Student Chevalier De Molays All Che valier De Molays call Robeit Borton any evening between 6 and 6 30 befoie October 21 —MOORE
Notices
Ceres Important meeting in room B of the Union Tuesday October 18 at 7 30 p 111 —SEUFFERLE
Delta Rho Kappa Pledgine ceremonies at 4 p m in Union Tuesday October 18 All members to be piesent -HANNAS Radio Club Meeting luesdiy Octobei 18 at 7 30 p m in loom 254 of the EE Building —BROWN Cancellations Students who wish to can col assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon October 29 Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of depaitments These cards must be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject was given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office Assignments may be cancelled without grade after Octobei 29 if pioperly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men —FISHER
Sophomore Union Workers Meet in the Student Union office Tuesday October 18, at 4 p m Verv important —RICHARDSON Student Book Exchange All students who have books oi money at the Student Book Exchange please report to the Union office Tuesday October 18 at 4 p m —RICHARDSON
Catalyst Important meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 18 at Pi Kappa Alpha house It IS important that all actives be there —CRAIG
WBAA—Cast of Ameiicas Hours of Destiny meet in room 2 of the Union for lehearsal Tuesday October 18, at 7 30 p m sharp —BACHARACH
Christian Science Organization Regular weekly meeting of the organization will be held in room C of the Union Building on Tuesday Octobei 18 at 7 30 p m —MeINTOSH
Union Sophomore Workers My committee please meet in office at 4 p m Tuesday, October 18 —CREPPS Purdue Engineer The following men report to Squiitb at the Engineer office at 4 p ni Tuesday Octobei 18 Bohlin Harper, Kimmel Leckie Packman Payne and Gale —HART
Senior Military Students who have volunteered to participate in a flag raising ceremony before the Wisconsin game please leport at the Ross-Ade Stadium at 4 p m Tuesday October 18 Uniforms are not necessary for rehearsals —PICKERING
Union Sophomores—Will the follownig Union sophomoies please report to the workshop Tuesdav at 4 00 o clock Cafwaller, Hoffer Kirkpatrick Thayer Hogue Baker, Daggy Richey HRUBY MORRISON Sophomore Union Workers Will my committee please meet in the workship luesday October 18 at 4 00 o clock —DEMARS
Junior Military All Military Juniors please report to the supply office Tuesday Octobei 18 to draw uniforms —HOLMES
Sigma Delta Chi Theie will be a meeting Tuesday October 18 in room E of the Union at 7 30 p m —BAILEY
Scabbard and Blade A meeting of all members will be held Tuesday October 18 at 7 15 in the reception room of the Union y —ZIMMER
Public Service Engineers • The senior inspection tup for Public Seivice Engineers will be held in Chicago and vicinity, from November 1-4 inclusive The proposed eastern trip could not be arranged —KNAPP
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling caid to a High School Annual
the Purdue
Service
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Florists
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 mam street
• jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St • Christmas Cards BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1 50 Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free jf desired An Ideal Xmas Gift Order Early NICHOLS & CO. Rock^art, Georgia
• Locksmith "C"CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L Professional DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP • Tailor soarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
OtoitceA.
Tuesday, October 18, 1938
WSGA Presidents Council Meeting in room B of the Union Tuesday October 18 at 4 p m One representative from each girl s independent rooming house is asked to be present —JAKES
Wisconsin Alumni: Keverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6:16 Tickets are selling at $1 A table will be reserved A J Berge, alumni secretary, will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin —BAUGH.
Call Mr Grover 7 00 p m to8 30 p m Tippecanoe Motors, Inc , Fourth and Brown Phone 3766
turn to William Leamon, 460 N Grant St Phone 46972
Clessiiied
LOST—On Main street, tan alligator skin billfold containing money and New York automobile license Phone 6066 Reward l6sT—A brown suit coat Reward Re-
UWANT TO BUY a tuxedo Call 66694 SiJie 36-38
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins A nice embossed standard weight 13%xl3%, only $3 60 per case Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Oo
WANTED—Student who wants help in Chemistry Small fee Call 36271 after 7
FOB SALE—1936 Studebaker coupe Commander. Low mileage In A-1 condition. Phone 36164
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as 829 75. Supplies C F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty You furnish the copy^—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs You make up the dummy—we pTifitvand you are ready to mail Phone 7828 Lafayette Printing Co
CALL economy
f828 and order a case of 320ulet roll $4 60
ROOM For BOYS—Large front loom with twin beds 212 Wiggins St
LOST—Black purse fiom nurseiy playgiound—valuable papers passport glasses— kttp money Return other contents to Union desks Thanks
BEAUTIFUL ROOMS—Single bed bath and toilet separite eitj heat telephone 6391 LOST—Man s Waltham Wrist witch Yel low gold with chain link band Call 51202 Reward SPECIAL—Would you like to eain some easy money’ No definite houis required
For Men Who Don't Mean Maybe Look at the men at military drill—one of the things that impresses you is the SPIC and SPAN appearance. Military students must appear well groomed. That's vitally important in every day life os well.
Look fit and feel fit Cleaned Regularly.
Have you Clothes Crown
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
IS THIS THE
V SEC THIS WEEK’S POST
SI
page 60
-7-;; 7.>
- =: 1-7 1-
► Next Saturday’s probably be how the football end-zone seats look for? Why they favor ^^tertella that y°“ p^t reveals the names of when you go to the game on by TOW I
w/ does flying 10 hours ...ahme..^ to a
Hughes Amdia Ea
;:a:Wharia^enstofl.erson^2? aistanceflr,hts?Totorm^>;'’^^en^t^^^^
Their nerves? What ^ ^
alone, hour after j exactly what
vou a dramatic word-picture o g"s on during a long-distance flight. A^o More Glaioiour
by
Getting a $2,200 debt out of fish eyed Ole Olesen was “like openin’ a drum o’ fuel oil with a toothpick,” but that didn’t stop Tugboat Annie Brennan from trying Norman Reilly Raine tells you about her latest adventure m high class bamboozling. Read how it worked out!
M!rS€S . . . LOOK BEFORE YOU LOVE— especially if a man’s heart is in steeplechasmg Read Steeplecl ase foi Two, by Ruth Burr Sanborn WHY 9 C8TSES MAY SWING THE NEXT PRESIDENTIAL CLFCnON, Reveal d
by David Lawrence, in The New Politics . HOLLYWOOD’S PRACTICAL JOKERS. Alva Johnston tells you about them m What Larks ^ Also stories, serials, Post Scripts, ard cartoons. All m this week’s Post.