/ ^ 'A ” J
s 3, ., jmfwwm
@[ftlE PurfiuE Kxpjjmnt
^ead Daily By 5,000 Students Qf Purdue University
I
GLUME XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INPIANA, TUESDAY, MAY 11, 1937
KUMBEB 160
Craig, Jloyans, Up For Student Senate Presidency Tonight
Student To Deliver Talk V. Conciatu will speak on “Roumania Of Today” Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room C of the Memorial Union Building. Conciatu, a sophomore in the school of electrical engineering here, is a native of Roumania. The talk is open to the public. 12 Seniors In Science Class Find Positions The following graduates of the 1937 school of science class have positions or scholarships for next year, it was announced today by Dean Howard E. Enders: J. E. Anderson, Dunkirk, chemist, American Rolling Mills, Middletown, O.; Elizabeth Arnold, Valparaiso, teacher of mathematics, Lowell High School, Lowell; C. R. Birbari, Monmouth, 111., Lakeside Press, Chicago, 111.; H. H. Haworth, Winchester, Sears Roebuck Co.; H. W. Hughes, Youngstown, 0., sales work with Pittsburgh Steel Corp.; D. W. Jones, Jr., New York City, Associated Gas & Electric Co., New York; J. C. Ohaver, Lafayette, Ice Cream Division, Swift & Co., Chicago; and W. L. Soldner, Berne, chemist. Central Soya Co., Decatur. Others included in the list were: F. E. Dieterle, Lafayette, medical school scholarship, Columbia University; Jeannette Scudder, Edwardsport, who was awarded the Grace Dodge Fellowship, and will specialize in personnel work at the Columbia U. Teachers’ College; W. H. Stevens, Denver, Col., medical bacteriology scholarship, Wisconsin University; and M. A. Wolf, Lafayette, scholarship in the bacteriology department. University of Wiscon-
Mother’s Club Fills Offices Mrs. O. F. Hall, of West Lafayette, was re-elected president of the Purdue Mothers’ Association at the Mothers’ Day breakfast Sunday morning in the Union Building. Dean Dorothy Stratton spoke at this meeting, which 85 womenfattended. Other officers elected are: Mrs. Howard Decker, secretary; Mrs. Robert Phillips, chairman of the program committee; and Mrs. H. W. Gregory, chairman pf the publicity committee. The members of the executive board for next year are: Mrs. Robert Phillips, Mrs. Howard Decker, Mrs. F. L. Pyke, Mrs. K. P. Dickinson,, all of Lafayette; Mrs. H. W. Gregory, Mrs. R. B. Cooley, and Mrs. 0. F. Hall, all of West Lafayette; Mrs. S. J. Martenet, Indianapolis; Mrs. B. A. Walker, Barberton, O.; Mrs. George W. Pittman, Indianapolis; Mrs. Boyd Edwards, Louisville, Ky.; Mrs. Clell Sexton, Jasonville; and Mrs. E. Laramore, Evanston, 111.
Dr. Halt Leaves Today For Canada To Deliver An Alumni Oration Dr. W. K. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineering, will leave today for Canada to deliver the a]umni oration May 14 at the annual commencement exercises of New Brunswick University, celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of his grg^ugtipb- Dr. Hatt holds his baoh(Slpr’s, mnstpr’S, and. doctor’s de^»eps from New Brunswick University-
Blpma Alpha Epsilon Alpha Epsilopi, social fraternity, announces the pjedging of C. Weist> Connersvilla, and M. D. Stepdth, Springfield, Mass.
Student Senate officers for 193738 will be elected by the Senate at its meeting tonight in the Memorial Union Building. R. J.‘Craig, junior mechanical engineer, and D. J. Rohyans, a junior in the school of science, were nominated for the presidency by the Senate at last Tuesday’s meeting, and will come up for election tonight. Additional nominations for all offices may be made from the floor. ' Other Nominations Other nominations made last Tuesday include H. E. Monfort for vice-president, J. D. Bowman for treasurer, and Elizabeth Ann Stewart for secretary. G. W. Martin, retiring Senate head, is to preside. The 41 Senators are to make their selections by ballot, and the ne^ly elected officials will take their positions immediately. Retiring officers will remain in an advisory capacity. Nominate New Senators The newly elected president’s first piajor tpsk will be to draw up plans for Senate nominations for the coming year. Before the close of the current school year, one candidate for the Senate is to be nominated for each 100 students in the various schools of the University, Elections for these nominees will be held next fall at registration. Other business slated for tonight’s meeting is discussion of the report of the prom investigating committee and plans for preparing next year’s freshman handbook.
Corps Works On Inspection Formations Final preparation and execution of all formations to be reviewed next Thursday afternoon. May IS, before Governor M. Clifford Townsend, and Majors Stuart McLeod and George S. Buerket of the Fifth Corps Area will be performed today on intramural field at 11 o’clock under the supervision of Lieutenant Colonel Brewer and his military staff. Although uniforms will not be worn, a strict and intensive program has been planned for the hour. The Corps will form in the Armory at 1:30 p. m. on Thursday afternoon, and shortly after the roll call, the University unit will be presented to Governor Townsend. After the presentation, the R. O. T. C. will march to Intramural Field and pass in review before the inspecting officers, the Indiana Governor, President Elliott, and the University military committee.
lipcal SDX Chapter To Sponsor First Newspaper Day Journalists and newspaper men from throughout the state and adjoining states will be guests of the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, at the first Purdpe Newspaper Day to be held here next Saturday, May 15. Both the afternoon and evening meetings will be held in the Memorial Urlion Building. More than 300 letters have been sent to Sigma Delta Chi alumni and editors throughout the state inviting them to attend this discussion pf daily and weekly newspaper problems, Inclnded in tl^e program are the annual spring initiation ceremonies for active and associate members, and the awarding of the leather medal to the person who, during t)ie past year, has accomplished the most for the University.
Thurber Retires Dr. ChaWe^Thurber, former Purdue faculty meml)er and the President of the University of Redlands, Cal., for the last four years is retiring fropt tiipl; position this ^pne. Dr. Thurb§r Wfts jiere froin 1916 tp 1920 fpd ^ap ussistant professor of public speaking.
Debris Distributtan Starts Tomorrow
Copies of the 1937 Defiris vill be ready for distrikntipn tomottow morning at 8 o’clock in the Dej[>ris of^ce pn t!hp S^copd Apor qf the Memorial Union Btfilding. Distribution will continue from 8 a. m, to 5:30 p. m. on both Wednesday and Thursday, and after that they may be secured from 4 to 5:30 in the afternoon only. Persons calling for their copies must bring their receipts with them. There is also a limited supply which will be placed on sale for $5.00.
R. P. Manion Is Elected Exponent Editor; Brock Chosen 1937-38 Managing Editor; Dave C. MiUer Will Direct Business Staff
Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha officers for the next year: president, R. C. Schenk; vice-president, J. P. Girard; recording secretary, J. A. Sells; corresponding secretary, G. E. Glover; treasurer, R. L. Eichhorn; pledge master, J. L. Ciral; house manager, J. K. Covington.
Lieut. Col. Brewer Will Be Transferred To New York
Lieutenant Colonel Carlos Brewer, for the past four years P. M. S. & T. at the University, has just received official notification of his transfer to Madison Barracks, New York City, effective at the end of the present semester. He will be succeeded by Colonel Charles Lakely, now at Fort Sill, Okla., who will take over his post as head of the Purdue military department. The new commandant, who will begin active duty here next September, graduated from West Point Military Academy in 1904, and has a distinguished Army record. Lieut. Col. Brewer and his family have been popular residents of the community. Two of his sons, Carlos, Jr., and Ted, will graduate from the University in June—Carlos from the school of pharmacy, and Ted from the EE school. Ted Brewer has also been prominent on the announcing staff of WBAA. Another son. Bob, was enrolled here as a freshman engineer, but received an appointment to West Point, where he is now completing his first year. Leaving at the same time as Lieut. Col. Brewer, Captain Clyde M. Hal1am will journey westward to his destination at Fort Sill, Okla., a^ter a stay of five years at the University. Captain and Mrs. Hallam have a daughter. Miss Jeanne Hallam, who will complete her junior year in the science school here this semester.
Leaving Purdue
Dr. Kraybill Addresses Cereal Cbemists On Effects Of Wheat Rust Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the department of agricultural chemistry, and state chemist and seed commissioner, spoke Saturday night before a dinner meeting of the Central States section of the American Association of Cereal Chemists in St. Louis, Mo.
Plan Physical Education Course For Women Intensive courses in health and physical educatiop will be offiered by the department of physical education for women from June 17 to July 31. All courses which are re-^ quired by the state tp teach health and physical education will be given this summer. Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department, will be in charge of the courses, assisted by Veronica Brady and Hilda jlchwehn of the regular teaching staff.
Indiana Senator Floyd Hemmer To Address Open Ceres Meeting Senator Floyd J. Hemmer, distinguished Indiana congressman, will address an open meeting sponsored by Ceres, agronomy honorary, tonight at 7:30 in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall. Senator Hemmer is a University graduate and has been farming and operating a grain elevator since his graduation in 1922. As a senate member he has served as chairman of the agricultural committee ^nd as member of the finance committee. He wqs co-auth-or of the recent Count|f Agent BUL F. C. Baase, n|ejnbe^ qf thq University syinnhwic w^o fif^ the xylophone^and a qtiartette made up of men atudente will also appear on the program.
Migratory Birds Move North, Says Dean M. L. Fisher By Don Paarlberg This week will see the high point in the annual spring migration of birds, says Dean M. L. Fisher, who is an authority on bird lore, having made a life-long hobby Of his study of birds. White throated and white crowned sparrows are now moving north in large numbers and warblers are particularly numerous at this time, reports Dean Fisher after one of his early morning jaunts into the country. The winged migrators may be readily observed on the campus or in the country. Near Burnett’s Creek, back of the Tippecanoe Battelfield, is one of the Deap’s favorite haunts, which is highly recommended as a place to obserye tlie birds. A small pond, about a mile west of Edwood Glen Golf Course, is a favorite place for swafiow^li J*ed winged blackbirds, and several of the species of wgter and lyaijing birds. Dean Fisher has often taken students out on hikes during the summer session, leaving at daybreak and returning in time for morning classes, which he observes, is the ultimate in enterprise for a Purdue ^student ... or for a Dean of Men, we might add!
K. E, O’Neil In Hospital For Spinal Operation K. E. O’Neil, sophomore assistant on the EJxponent editorial staff, will be operated on this morning at the Ifome Uospital for a spinal injury. O’Neil received the injury playing football in Aisb school. He was operated on once qt the timer will undergo tfie same operation again today.
Obenchain Heads Sports, Pyke Co-ed Staff; Girard Named Assistant Business Manager R. Paul Manion, a junior in the University sehool of public service engineering, was elected 1937-38 editor-in-chief of ffie Ei^popent, and d^ohp E. Brock, mechanical engineering junior, was named managing editor of the paper at a meeting of the Exponent electoral board in the conference room of the Agricultural EIxperiment Station
yesterday afternoon at 3:00. David C. • Miller, E. E. ’38, was chosen business manager for the coming year, while John P. Girard, E. E. ’38, was elected as assistant business manager. Richard F. Qbenchain, C. E. ’38, will head the sports staff, and Elizabeth C. Pyke, H. E. ’38, as co-ed editor, will supervise the women’s staff. Manion Is Independent Manion is a member of the Purdue Independent Association and for the past year has served as the managing editor of the Independent, bi-weekly publication of the organization. He is also a member of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, and of Reamer Club, honorary for the promotion of athletics. In addition to being editor of Scrivener, campus literary publication, for the coming year. Brock is a member of Pi Tau Sigma, and a pledge to Tau Beta Pi, both engineering honoraries, a member of Sigma Delta Chi, and of Skull and Crescent. He is organized in Phi Kappa social fraternity. Miller and Girard were recently initiated into Gimlet Club, athletics honorary. Miller is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon social fraternity and Girard of Pi Kappa Alpha. Sigma Delta Chi Pledge Obenchain is a pledge to Sigma Delta Chi and is a^member of Sigma Chi social fraternity. Miss Pyke is a Kappa Alpha Theta sorority member and a pledge to Mortar Board, honorary for senior women. To the positions of junior associate editor were elected Donald A. Bailey, LoWell S. Hardin, Charles D. Schroeder, Harris I. Stanback, and Donald R. Vance. The*three coed associate editors for the ensuing yegr are Mqry Cooley, Dorothea Justin, and Sally McKee. Robert Hensler was elected local advertising manager, W. J. Gillilan national advertising manager, and Milton Reeves circulation manager for 1937-38. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, and B. D. Witwer will serve on the sports staff. Electoral Board The electoral board of the paper was composed of the 1936-37 officers of the Exponent, including R. J. Hulse, business manager and the chairman of the editorial board of control, E. H. Morris, managing editor, Helen Creech, co-ed editor, L. D. Wood, sports edftor, and Betty Barnett, co-ed advertising manager, and the faculty advisory committee of Prof. J. H. McKee, T. R. Johnston, and W. A. Bodden. The new officers of the Exponent will assume their duties immediately.
Collegiate Digest Contains Scene From Pur4ne Football Clinic Several of 200 football coaches who attended the University’s sixth annual football clinic April 9 and 10 are shown picking up pointers from some of the Purdue players and coaches, in a pictui’e on the inside middle page of this week’s Collegiate Digest, which is inserted in this issue of the Exponent. Wearing a cap and showing the figure four on his back is Mai Elward, varsity line coach. The two players arp unidentified, but they are n^einhers of the University varsity squad.
Kappa Kappa Gamma^s Win In Co-ed Bowling Kappa Kappa Gamma’s were victorious in the co-ed bowling tournament with a total score of llBl. The Pi Beta Phi team secqpd with points.
Stage, Stump Studio Group To Hear Reise Joseph Reise, a member of the staff of radio station WLW, will be guest speaker at the annual banquet of Stage, Stump, and Studio, to be held Thursday evening. May 20, at six o’clock in the ballroom of Lincoln Lodge. Invitations have been issued to those interested or participating in the three major speech activities on the campus—dramatics, debate, and radio. Various annual awards will be presented to cutstanding individuals in these departments. Additional entertainment is to consist of singing, tap dancing, mnsic, and dancing. Those receiving invitations may secure their tickets, priced at 60 cents, at Union Desk, or from any member of the committee, includmg Alice Parlon, chairman, Floy Crepps, Sam Russell, Charles Callis, W. E. Perry, Jean Small, Bob Royster, Glenn Merriam, Arthur Radkey, and Mary Ann Kelsay.
Multiproforum To Meet Multiproforum, discussion groi^, will meet Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room C of the Memorial Union Building.
Marital Talk Date Changed Originally scheduled for Thursday, the concluding marital lecture ’^hich will be delivered by Dr. Elizabeth Strauss has been changed to Wednesday to avoid a conflict with the annual military review. The lecture will take place in the large assembly room of tfie Educatiqn Building as announced earlier, and the time will remain the same, 4 p. m. 400 senior men attended the lecture held last week.
Hall To Preseiit Fascist Case To Student Group Points in favor of Fascism will be enumerated, discussed and presented by Prof. F. R. Hall, of the history, government and economics department, Wednesday night at 7:30 in the receptipn room of the Memorial Union Building. Sponsoring this speech is tte Fur* due Student Alliance, which is d^nitely against Fascism. Members of this group and members of the audience will attack Professor EfoE in his statements from their seats, while he will answer their obeetions and attempt to convert them to the Fascist point of view. Professor Hall, although he has promised to do his best to give the good features of Fascism, absolutely disagrees with these principles and is only upholding them so that tl^e audience mqy get an idea of the Fascist form of government. The affair will resemble a debate between the audience and Professor Hell.
Iowa U. Hires Geiger H. E. Geiger, Mecy fellow in the department of education at Perdue, has been appointed as r^Nweb assistant in the department of educetiou at the Uniyersity of Ivm* wld<dl plsoe be witt b^llia bis in Bepteiqjtor.Piige Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, May 11, 1937
% m.
Purbue exponent
Founded in 1883
Rnfored as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana Deliver^^ niail. <8,60 per year; deliveredbycaraier^jgjgjg y£2LiJ°2lj£LjL5II^l£-?°^^T ^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
EDITOBIAL BOABO OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech. E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Bold and Black Editor ■ BUSINESS STAFF R. j. Hulse Business Manager; — jl Brown National Advertising Manager— — ^ Miller Local Advertising Manager v;r"V"oM;jir^'w"Tti’"'iTonoi’er''M. C Reeves Advertising Assistants W. J. GiUilan. R. R. Hensler. ^ U
Circulation Manager.
Circulation Assistants-
..J. P. Girard
■"■“■...rFrc. ^bbins, F. T. Swain
Editor. — Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF _ l. D. liVood ".'wTHl gHfleld' S. fc' G^itto. R F. Obenchain
Editor Associate Editors Advertising Manager..
W0BKN;S STAFF .Tennne Janousek. Doris McCartney, Elirabeto Pyt® Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—E. H. Morris
A Farewell— To the newly elected staff of the Purdue Exponent, the retiring Seniors wish the best success, and we hope that you may profit by our experience. The whole-hearted cooperation of all members of the Exponent staff during the past year has been greatly appreciated. Yesterday’s election necessarily eliminated certain deserving candidates. We can only hope that these staff members may consider the experience gained in their past work as compensation worthy of the efforts they have expended. We are confident that the new staff will be capable of carrying op its work for the mutual benefit of the Exponent and the University.
An Open Letter!
To The Purdue Student Senate: Every student in the University has a representative in the Purdue Student Senate. Tonight it is the right of your representative to elect the officers that will guide this organization for the coming year. The Senate at the beginning of the school year was very low in the estimation of the students, but under the capable leadership of Glen Martin, the president, the Senate has gone forward. The question is now, will the Senate lose or gain ground in the year to come ? For an answer let us look into the situation, entirely unbiased as to the merits of the candidates, but to look at the forces that are behind them. There has been on this campus for three years a well organized political party. They have grown to the place that they are now trying to control such elections as this one that is before the Student Senate. The candidate for president connected with the party, I feel is entirely unresponsible for the events that took place at the last Student Senate meeting. However, if elected to the presidency, who will control the Senate, this candidate, or the political party that is •behind him? If a campus political clique were to gain control of the Student Senate, there would be no limit to their ability to further their own gains in the future. If this were to happen the Senate would fall by the wayside once more in the estimation of the faculty and the students. Would you as a student be satisfied to know you were being governed by a small group of politicians, who are really interested in only their own gain? The two candidates are before the Senate. Do you want a president who will lead the Senate, or one who is a pawn lead by a group of campus politicians ? If the political clique is successful in this election, what election will they next try to control? I have watched the events of the past two weeks and have grown completely disgusted with people who have such a lust for power. I feel certain that the clear thinking student of the University will go to his representative and ask him to vote for a man, not a figurehead. —W. I, G.
Only Twice?
On page three of the April issue of the Purdue Dad’s News under the heading of “Tradition On The Purdue Campys” may be found the following tid-bit: “We have a tradition which obpects to smoking on the campus. This custom, which obviously works a hardship on numberless students who are thus denied the pleasure of smoking between classes, is rigidly observed. Only twice in two years have we seen this violated.” The pink leaflet from which this paragraph was taken is published' by the Student Union and is mailed free of charge to the parents of all University students. The information about the rigid observance of our no smoking tradition is indeed interesting, but it certainly leads one to wonder where the devil all the butts, plainly visible on campus walks, come from. In fact, a count made recently while strolling from “Mike’s Castle” to the Armory revealed no less than 27 student smokers, openly disregarding this most venerable tradition. Recently several campaigns have been conducted in attempts to discourage this prevalent smoking practice; they have done absolutely no good whatever. Nearly every student with a desire to smoke does so without any conscience qualms. It is a deep^mystery why anyone could be so hypocritical as to write such lies into an article, and it is even more of a mystery why any student publication would print them,—^H. I. S.
THE SIGHS are long and loud now that the MOTHERS have all gone home and we can relax into our old life . . . 'TIS SPRING and a young man’s fancy, etc ... . anyway MARY LEUTHER was decorated with a lovely sparkler ... it all took place last Saturday eve . . . the young man in the aifair was one BOB KESSLER, who was in school last year . . . just another high school romance gone wrong . . . POME Spring is here, Finals, are near, Alas, I fear, I fear, I fear. —EX. After reading of Delt JIM MURPHY’S bet, LUCILLE DOBSON just can’t “decide whether to take his pin or not” . . . she says maybe she will “ust to help him win his bet!” . . . Analysis of the so-called weaker sex: NAME—“Woman.” SYMBOL—Woe. CLASSIFICATION—Member of the human family. OCCURRENCE—^Where man exists. CHEMICAL PROPERTIES—Extremely active ... possesses a great affinity for gold, silver and precious stones .... PHYSICAL PROPERTIES—All colors and sizes . . . always appears in a disguised condition . . . surface seldom unprotected by coat of paint . . . boils at nothing and may freeze at moment’s notice . .. melts when properly treated ... NOTE—Highly explosive and is likely to be dangerous in inexperienced hands . . . LOST—One Sigma Nu pin with C. J. TREES on back ... if found please return to “Flash” GRIMM at Chi O house . . . Pd. Advt. ANOTHER POME No thoughts of the past. No future in view, I live for the present. My present is you. ED NOTE: That’s what they all say . . . Don’t forget MARS PASSES for the best contribs ... be seein’ you later . . . MAC . . .
Reiley Receives Chemistry Honors Charles E. Reiley, West Lafayett, a senior chemical engineer, has been accepted for admission to the fall entering class of the Institute Paper Chemistry, which is affiliated with Lawrence College, Appleton, Wis. Reiley is one out of 16 to be admitted to Lawrence out of 160 students from over 60 institutions all over the country, who were interviewed for appointment. He will work for a doctor of philosophy degree at the institution. During his enrollment here, Reiley has been a member of the football, basketball, and golf teams; a member of Green Potters, Skull and Crescent, and the Student Senate He has had a'four-year scholarship here.
23 AH Students Visit Kentucky Twenty-three sophomores and juniors in the animal husbandry option of the school of agriculture spent last Thursday, Friday, and Saturday on an inspection trip in and about Lexington, Ky., the heart of the blue grass country. Prof. Harlaker, Purdue graduate and now assistant Dean of the school of agriculture at the University of Kentucky, acted as guide for the visiting party. Nationally famous race horse farms, the home of many of the winning thoroughbreds. and saddle horses for the last century were visited. Prominent flocks of purebred and feeding sheep were also inspected. Seymour Woolen Mills of Seymour/were visited on the southbound trip. Professors Gobble, Cooley, and .Frost, all of the A. H. department, accompanied the group.
MmHiililiii
Leaders To Discuss Time, Motion Today At Conference Here Time and motion studies will be the subject of a one day conference to be held at the University today under the auspices of the school of Mechanical Engineering, the Engineering Extension Department and the Engineering Personnel Service, according to an announcement received from A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering. This conference will be of importance to industrial engineers, time and motion study workers, producers and manufacturing managers, and engineers in general. Outstanding authorities and leaders in the field of time and motion study who have agreed to take places on the program include Frank D. Chase, of the Chase engineering and architectural firm, Chicago; L. P. Persing, of the Fort Wayne division of the General Electric Company; A. Raymond, president of the Charles Bedaux Company of Chicago; and Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth of New York, who is also Professor of Management at the University. At 6 o’clock, the meeting will be concluded with an informal dinner in the ballroom of the Union Building, with Dean Potter presiding.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liefity
Design Exhibit Includes Dressed 18-Inch Dolls “Playing With Dolls” has become a part of home economics course, for mannequins 18 inches tall are a feature of the applied design exhibit on the second floor of Building 2. Garments for the dolls, consisting chiefiy of formals and wedding dresses, were planned and made by the girls in the design classes. Plates showing^ the relationship of fabric to design, how to remedy individual defects, and technical aspects of costume design are also on display.
Lime Company Offers Students Summer Jobs Part-time and full-time jobs for students during the summer are offered by the Austin Lime Corporation, 68 South Water Market, Chicago, 111. This company is proposing a sales plan under which conmissions will be paid for all orders and re-orders of limes. No investment is required at any time during employment, nor do student salesmen have to carry any stock during their canvassing. The Austin Corporation, largest American importer of fresh limes and which has exclusive rights to the Brogdex process, which keeps the fruit fresh for a longer period of time, will send upon request a booklet on “putting the summer vacation on a paying basis.”
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Conforming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association. , 322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, If^DIANA
-MkilLYTODAY AND WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
GLORIA STUART WaHerPIDGEON
“There goes Dominick pulling that nearsighted gag again!’
Indiana, Purdue Sections AChS To Meet Saturday Dr. S. Glasstone, lecturer in chemistry at the University of Sheffield, Sheffield, England, and Dr. L. F. Audrieth, professor of chemistry at the University of Illinois, will be the principal speakers at a joint May meeting of the Purdue and Indiana University sections of the American Chemical Society, to be held in room 106 of the Chemistry Building Saturday. Dr. Audrieth will start the afternoon session at 2:30, with a talk on Onium Salts As Acids.” Dr. Glasstone will follow with a dissertation on “Oxidation-Reduction Potentials
The thinking fellow ealle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occaaiona 86c per pasaenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
LUMA TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
TOTWywi"
sewniimi SLIM SUMMERVILLE lANE DARWELL ’ JOHN QUALEN ALAN DINEHART STEPIN FETCHIT
Paramount News . Pictures of the Hindenburg Disaster
In Theory And Practice” at 4 p. m. A dinner will be given in- the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Price of the meal -will be 75 cents per plate. Dr. F. C. Allen, of the University chemistry department, who is in charge of the dinner, urges that all members of both sections, thejr associates, and friends attend the meeting and dinner. Reservations for the dinner must be in by Friday at 6 p. m.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Fred MacMurray in “Texas Rangers” —and— Warner Oland in ‘Charlie ChaiKat the Race Track” —•also— Color Cartoon
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
'' ■ tlllll fr
EXTRA News Pictures
Juiilr
of the
Hindenburg
JOHN BARRYMORE
Disaster
BASIL RATHBONE
Mickey
EDNA MAE OLIVER
Mouse
REGINALD DENNY
in Color
RALPH FORBES
An M.6.M. Picture
Smith Act
Feature at 1:00—3:43
6:26 9:10
lo r\
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING They’re Here In Their Gladdest, Gayest Show!
LOOK WHO'S HERE-ON ROLLER SKATES! The queen and king of song and ...head over heels In
EDWARD EVEREH HORTON • ERiCBLORE JEROME COWAN * KETTI GALLIAN WILLIAM BRISBANE • HARRIET HQCTOBtti^May,iilaj^il>i9a7:
teE PURDUE EXP0NEN1’
Downey, Martin Pitch In First Game Of Series
SmmmSmm ' ' :t'',.',
M
By Bill Fiaeld
/ Se'veral errors and hits gave th^ Boilermaker baseball team a 11-0 victory over Louisiana Tech yesterday afternoon in the first of a tow game series being played here at West Lafayette. Glenn Downey was the winning pitcher for the Purdue nine. He started the game, stayed in six innings, allowed five hits, struck out four, and walked
two. Lefty Martin relieved him at this point and finished the game, giving up one hit. Purdue started the scoring in the second inning When Poulos got to first on a walk, and travelled to second on a sacrifice by Lucas, who reached first when the pitcher erred in fielding his bunt, Poulos went to third and Lucas to second when Malaska knocked out a single. The next two men up, Downey and Thompson struck out. Malysiak, the lead-off man, reached second when the centerfielder fumbled his hit. Poulos and Lucas scored bn this play. The next man up filed out, Malaska Singles Again in the fourth inning Malaska started things with a single, reached second on a sacrifice, third on Downey’s single, and home on an error. Malysiak knocked a long fly to the center fielder and reached second as the Tech man dropped the fly. Downey raced to home on the error. Pat Malaska was the first man to bat again in the sixth inning. He lead off with a single. The next two men sacrificed but managed to beat out the pitcher’s throw. Malysiak came up and knocked out a triple. Bartz walked and stole a base. Breslin struck out, making the first out of the inning. Dean knocked Malysiak in with a single" and then stole second. Poulos flied to the shortstop. Lucas singled, scoring Dean from second, stole a base, and reached home on an error. This gave the Boilermakers seven runs for the inning and also ended the scoring for the game. Coach Fehring tried a revised lineup for the game using Dean at first and Malaska as catcher. Both men gave a fairly good account of themselves at these positions.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
BGSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Boilermaker Golf Squad Wins Over Chicago, 18.5 to 2.5
Chicago University’s golf squad Went down in defeat before Purdue’s team Saturday, 18y2 to 2y2, with David and Smith leading the Boilermakers. The Gold and Black team won both of the morning foursomes, 3-0, as well as four of the five afternoon twosomes by that score. Chicago’s only points came from Simpson’s 2% to % victory over Blank. David of the Boilermakers shot a 71 in the afternoon round for medal score with Smith trailing close behind with a 72. ' Summary: Smith and Anderson (Purdue) defeated Webbe and Gilbert (Chicago) 3-0. David and Blank (Purdue) defeated Goldsmith and Simpson (Chicago) 3-0. Smith (Purdue) defeated Goldsmith (Chicago) 3-0. David (Purdue) defeated Webbe (Chicago) 3-0. Freese (Purdue) defeated Gilbert (Chicago) 3-0. Anderson (Purdue) defeated Matthew (Chicago) 3-0, Simpson (Chicago) dfeated Blank (Purdue) 2%-14.
ALL CAMPUS GOLF
The following must play 18 holes today to qualify for AlLCampus
Golf:
Puryear, F. Lawrie, D. ^ Walkowiak, A. Fuller, C. McAlpinj A. W. Sanders, W. Dickstein, J.
Reiley, R. L.
Devore, G. Weldy, S.
Greenblatt, H Linderman, .1. Goldstein, H.
Fuller, R.
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond l^Ward 17-a vs. Ward 15. 2— Ward 8 vs. Ward 27. 3— ^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle 9—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa. 10—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma Delta.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Itn bjr UiUM rMtuf. InS.
WRH, Ward 2 Win Co-ed Tourtieys
Co-eds have completed their round robin in baseball, with Residence Hall for Women the winners of the American league, and Ward 2 victorious in the National league. A championship game will be played at 4 p. m. tomoii .w Class practice will begin Friday, May 14, at 4 p. m. and will continue on Monday and Tuesday. Those girls who wish to play in the class games, arid who hrive participated in the intra-mural games, must at-' tend two out of three of these practices. Those who have not played in the intra-mural games are required to attend all three of the practices.
Track Team Third At lU: Lemen Stars
“You’ll have to stop dripking other people's health, iny dear sir —or you’ll put yourself in an early grave/’
Although defeated by the Indiana and Northwestern trackmen in a triangular meet at Bloomington Saturday, the Boilermaker squad brought home the highest individual score of the afternoon, thanks to the efforts of Leiiien. He copped Purdue’s only firsts of the meet, in the high jump and low hurdles, and a second in the high hurdles. Lemen cleared the bar in the high jump at 5 feet 11 inches to outjump Baldwin of Indiana. His other first came in the low hurdles, which he ran in :23.8. Don Lash, Indiana star, was the man of the day, when he broke the stadium mark in the mile by touring the distance in 4 minutes 9,7 seconds. His run, which was the only recorid of the meet, broke the mark set by Henry Brocksmith of Indiana in 1932. Indiana was far the superior, goring 94 points to 36 for Northwestern and 33 for Purdue. The Crimson team scored sweeps in the flat races, piling up 10 . first places.
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY—4:15 Snyder vs. Schrader. Berg vs. Martin. Monger vs. Breiner. OlSen vs. Munro. Ayer vs. McGrath. Frye vs. Bown. Breen vs. Catterall. —5:00— Morse vs. Chapline. Cooper vs. WoOdson. Visscher vs. Lentz. Woodruff vs. Hebbler. Wilson vs. Swinney.
‘Passing Show’ On Mars Stage Soon
STANDINGS
if". ■ ■ —National League—
Won Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh ......
12
3
.800
St. Louis .........
10
6
.625
New York
........ 9
7. .
.663
Chicago
8
9
.471
Brooklyn
. ..... 8
10
.444
Boston
7
10
.412
Philadelphia ...
7
10
.412
Cincinnati ......
5
10
.333
Yesterday’s Results
Pittsburgh, 4; Boston,
1.
St. Louis, 2;
Brooklyn,
8.
Chicago, 4; New York
3.
Philadelphia,
10; Cincinnat
, 3.
—American League—r
Won Lost
Pet.
Cleveland
9
5
.643
Philadelphia ...
9
5
.643
Detroit
;. 9
7
.563
New York .......
.......; 9
7
.663
Boston
....... 7
6
.538
St. Louis
6
9
.367
Washington ....
6
10.
.376
Chicago
....:.. 5
10
.333
Yesterday’s Results
New York, 7
Chicago,
0.
St. Louis, 6;
Washington, 3.
Philadelphia,
9; Detroit, 5.
Cleveland, 6;
Boston, 5
.
A gang of Manhattan merrymakers supply no end Of niirth and joy in the “Broadway Passing Show” which comes to the Mars Theatre for two days. May 14-15. Scenes of beauty ^ and pageantry, shades of the old magnificence brought jpy former Passing Shows "which still linger in the memories of the elders, are repeated and improved in this new production, it is said. The large cast of headliners includes many well known performers of the stage and screen and .radio. Bill Telaak, Sally Payne, Allan Reno, well known Broadway playboy ; Tom, Dick and Harry, Broadway vagabonds, Betty Saxon, dynamic soubrette; Johnny Elliott, rubberlegged eccentric; Roberta, “The Gorgeous,” darling of the hot spots o£ Manhattan; Broadway Clavaliers, a swing band par excellence, and the alluring Park Avenue Debutantes, On the^screen, Josephine Hutchinson and George Brent in “Mountain Justice.”
WAA To Instruct Co-eds In Cabin Leadership
Saturday, May 15, a cabin course will bri given at the W. A. A. Cabin, for girls desiring to become A or B cabin leaders' There will be two sessions—one at 11 a. m. and another at 2 p. rri. Attendance at only one meeting is required* Alb girls planning to go should sign up on the bulletin board in the women’s gym. From this group, the cabin committee for next year will be chosen.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
BasebaU Team SpUts Twin BiU With Chicago
In the first game of the double header here last Saturday, the Boilermaker squad proved that it could really play ball by taking the Chicago ball players into camp, 4-1, However, they fell back into their old tricks in the nightcap, losing by
a score of 13-1. Bredewater Stars
Undoubtedly the credit for the first victory must be given to Arnold Bredewater, sophomore pitcher from Greensburg. The throwing end of a twin battery, Arnold, was pitching to his brother. Art, to fan 14 men. Every man on the Chicago squad fanned at least once. The Boilermakers seemed to blow up in the second game. Stu Heiss started on the mound, but couldn’t seem to get started. Joe Doan relieved him in the fifth and stuck it out until the eighth, when the Maroons forced him to retire in favor
pf Bob Rosser.
Bernard Makes 7 Hits The star hitter of the day was
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Bernard, Chicago centerfielder, who knocked out seven base hits. Scores by innings were:
First Game
100 000 000^1 000 111 Olx—4
Second Game
022 201 033—13 . ..... .. .. 000 000 010—1
Chicago.. Purdue ...
Chicago Purdue .
FRATERNITY TENNIS DOUBLES
TODAY—4:15 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi Acacia vs. Theta Xi. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi. Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. —5:00— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
The best method of reaching all the Purdue students is the Exponent.
These days of spring weather have brought a feeling of new life and new interests on the campus. Spring seems to have the characteristic of turning the students^ minds to thoughts of formal dances, outdoor sports, new clothes, week-end trips. All this means new business for Lafi^btte and especially for those mercbsmts who telp the students find the answer to their new demands.
>1 v'l
M
'ill
¥,fie
A m
‘iri
MMiMiji
■ " Pi* i
•ftii
/;
Pour
THE mpu^ roONENT
Students To Talk At AMSE Meeting Ten minute talks prepared by student members will be heard at the meeting of the University branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers to be held on Wednesday night at 8 o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building The meeting place was pieviously announced as room A Following the presentation of each papei, a shoit period will be devoted t6 discussion of the subject covered. The authoi of the winning papei will receive a copy of the biogiaphy of Albert Edson Sweet, a formei dean of engineeiing at Cornell Univeisity
Cadet Officers’ Banquet To Follow Inspection May 13 Pres E C Elliott will act as the toastmastei foi the annual cadet office!s’ banquet at 7.30 p. m. on Thuisday, May 13, following the national R. 0. T. G. inspection. The banquet will be held in the ballloom of the Memoiial Union Building The speaker foi the evening will be Goveinor M Cliffoid Townsend Othei guests who will be present include Major General Tyndall, of the 38th division, Colonel Smith, donor of seveial cups to the cadet officeis, Colonel Mooihead, president of the Indiana chapter of Sons of the Ameiican Revolution; Colonel West, lepresenting the Coips area cominandei, David Ross, piesident of the boaid of trustees, and inspecting officeis of the Coips
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Eberskoff, 605 Main str' et. Phone 2779.
Lost—Tri Belt sorority pm Will finder please call 66395. Ask for Martha Hunter.
Neglectful Graduates—Secure the last-minute calling cards—36 for 25c, nicely printed, choice of many types. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street. Phone 5205.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Men’s Archery—Every afternoon at 4 p m on the range at the south end of the Intramural Field Equipment will he supplied —KINZER
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16 —PITTMAN. Condition Exam in Chemistry—^Examinations for removal of conditions in either Chemistry 117 or 118 will be held in the Chemistry Building May 8 from 1 to 4 p m —NEWTON
W A A. Council Meeting—May 11 at 7 15 in the W A A office —MERRITT
English 121 Students—Sections A and B meet in room 201 of the Education Building, Sam for Wednesday and Friday classes —SCHICK
Glider Club—Airport dance tickets or the money are due May 12 —WILTSHIRE
Thetas And Sigs Win Campus Sing Kappa Alpha Theta ^sorority and Sigma Chi fraternity were awarded fiist places in the Umversity Sing held on the oval from 6:30 to 9 Saturday evening as a part of Motheis’ Day program. The Theta’s were directed by Libby Hunter and Dean Parsons diiected the Sigma Chi’s The Kappa Kappa Gamma's and the Pi Beta Phi’s received second and third respectively in the soroiity division The other winners m the fraternity division were ,second, Sigma Nu and third. Delta Unsilon.
W. A A. Baseball—Pi Beta Phi and A1 pha Xi Delta will play Ward 3 at 4 p m May 11 i.> —TOWNSEND
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting will be held in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7 16 p m May 11 —WINTER Purdue Student Alliance—Meeting May 12 at 7 30 p m in the reception room of the Union Building Prof F R H^H will speak on Fascism The public is invited to attend —BUCKLES
Faculty Members Attend MDA Meet Profs. H. H. Remmers, Harry O’Shea, Otis Trimble, C. L. Morgan and Dr. L. D. Whisler, of the education department, and Prof. Laura Partch, Mrs. Katherine Read, Mrs. Ida B. Kelley, Misses Louise Ernst, Martha Smith, Helen Duff, Elizabeth Timberlake, and Alice Bennett, and Mrs. Catherine Borut, of the University nursery school, attended a meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association at the University of Illinois last Friday and Saturday. Professor Remmers and Dr. Whisler read papers pertaining to several psychological aspects. Other members of the Association also presented lectures and papers. The University faculty members returned Saturday night.
room B of the Memorial Union Building at 8pm Very important -^HARDIN.
Alpha Phi Omega—^All members and pledges must be piesent at a special meeting May 12 m room F of the Union’ Building at 7 30 p m Bring money for Spring Spree tickets sold —MERRIAM Men’ Glee Club—Important meeting May 12, at 4 p m in Eliza Fowler Hall Election of officers —COMPTON.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Those interested in bowling please report to the Memorial Union Building alleys at 7 p m May 11. —STALEY
Best Soldier Contestants—All freshmen and sophomores in the Scabbard and Blade best soldier contest report to Armory in uniform May 16 at 1 30 o’clock —HOPPER.
R O T C —All members of the Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee will meet in the Cadet Officers’ Room at the Armory at 4 o’clock Tuesday, May 11 —MURRAY
W. S. G A. Judicial Board—^Meeting at 7 15 May 11 m the W S G A office Important that all members be present —SLOCUM
Tau Beta Pi—Installation in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 5 30 May 11 Installation banquet at 6 30 Officers will be elected —WAIT
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting May 11 in
. The Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISE 400 Sehaltz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119^2 Vine Wefst Lafayette Phone 4965
SUDDEN ^RVICE
□
P
MNTIN G
Offie* SUHonery. „ Wadding Invllallont
PHONE - W«Book..Ete..., -JE 6 2 8 CASSEL*S 40BrERRy
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N. 6th St.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
Aeronautical University Government Approved ■UPVV Stat«. Accredited ■ miH Courses in; IBijU AERONAUTICAL nu ENGINEERING (B. 8. Degree) liceneed ISecbsnics . . Administrstion Dmy snd Evening Couraee in all Aeronsntical subjects. Credits granted for subjects previously taken. Wonderful itppprtnnities in a rapidly expanding industry. A. U. graduates employed by all leading aviation lines and companies. Write or call for FREE Booklet ^’AVIATION AB A CAREER.” Aeronautical University Afnrtlss-Wright Bldg. jDepL ^ 1688 S. Wchigan Art. m Vteteiy mi
Newman Club—Meeting of piesent officers, officeis elect and interested mmbers May 11 at 4 p m in the Union Building Next year’s organization and plans will be discussed . —OTTENWELLER
Scrivener Meeting—May 11 at 8 o’clock at 815 N grant street Bring manuscripts —RADKEY
University Choir—Meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p m May 11. —PHILLIPS
Glider Club—Materials for wing have arrived and fuselage is repaired All those who have time report May 11 to attic of
The Cheapest Insurance Ton Can Get Wool garments that are Crown Cleaned are moth proofed by the MPNITI process at the same time—no extra charge for this service. Clothes cleaned by this method insured against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
the Mechanical Engineeiing Bui&ing. Work IS to be run in one-hour shifts —WILTSHIRE
STUDENT UNION—Will my committee please meet in the Union office at 4 p m May 11 —PUTZB
Student Union—Will our committees please meet in the Union workshop at 4 m May 11. —REITH, SHEETS, STALLINGS, PFORZHEIMER, WEIGANDT
Playshop—Tickets for the Stage and Stump Banquet May 20 may be obtained at the Playshop office at 4 p m May 11 —GLOVER
P. I. A —Will the following persons report to the P I A office May 11 between 4 and 6 o’clock for instructions about the banquet on May 12 R Jenkins W McElyea, H Butcher, H. Kratz, E J Myer, J Singer R Maby, W
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Briscoe, B. Wells, R Heme, W Feldman, Margaret Jenkins, Sylvia Zusain, E. Hackney, T Frame, P Radkey, Overcash, A Badkey, H. Clevenger, W. Clevenger —SCHLUNDT.
Mortar Board Pledges—Meet in the W S. G A office May 11 at 6 p m —ADKINS.
Glider Club—Turn in dance tickets and money before midnight May 11 —FARWELL.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th | Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St ‘ West Lafayette
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39c Ib. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100 lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers. JOHH SPERB HDW.
Copyright 1957, Liogbtt & Myers Tobacco Co.
Taste that says ”Come dgain” Mildness that says ”Come often” ... for the full measure of the good things you want in a cigarette we invite you to enjoy CHESTERFIELDS