In Today's News • P I A Elections Today • Activity Indices Released • Baseball Today—Riveters vs. Pumas
Z-1IS
Founded In 1889
9 Daily Since 1906
5
■
k"J\
Voluihe 52, No. 156
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, April 15,1941
Extra-curricular Campus Activities Do Not Lower Student Grade Ratings Governmenl, Dramatic ~ I T"! I T Org..2.llo«tf Usi ^«ds ByB.bB«n.u.n DraiTta Seasott
Positively refuting the theory
that extra-curricular activities ex- lA/rxJL ■ercise a “shrinking” effect on the » V iCff
student index, results of an activ- „ ^ ities bureau survey completed yes- Martha Jane Fox terday shhw that the all-activities Playshop, in its fourth and last index is 4.16, very substantially play of the season, presents a frothy above the University cumulative of comedy fitting for this time of year. 3.81. “Bachelor Born” opens tomorrow Government organizations topped night at 7:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowl-
the list with an average of 4.43. er Hall.
Dramatic and'forensic groups
showed 4.40, publications 4.32, ser- 04. j + + i • 4. • vice organfeations 4.19, athletics Students taking parts m this 4.13, and musical 4.06. Sharp' The indices were averaged from I>.»"'“ni Frank Craw , latest University computations of " G«I1, 216 junior gnd senior offlcers cur- Victor Beamish,- Harold Martin, rently in charge of the 24 major Hastinp; Mary Kay Baker, campus organizations. In iignring Ellen; Virginia Lee Ruddell, Barthe indices for the different groups, i Martin, “Butindividual' organizations were of J”” Parmgdon; Virginia Vestal, course weighted according to the Ann Ostrander, Bos^ary u w,„-w4-ir.;r,„w.+c! Parmgdon; Patricia Frigge, Chris Following is a list of.the indices Karin^oni de of the different Nighaigllef Dick iS;, The Eey All Activity Index as of 2- 41.. 4.13 Edmund Ovington; Lansing HinName of Organizations richs. Sir Berkeley Nightingale; Publications - - 4.32 Malvern Schweig, Travers; Charles Exponent 4.22 GreenhiU, “Pop”; and George ZisDebris 4.08 sis, “Old Crump.” Agrriculturist 4.61 educational problem forms Engineer 4.26 the real basis of this play, although Pharmacist 4.72 the play-goer is amused and enterScrivner 5.17 tained throughout by the antics of Purdue Independent 4.14 the characters. Bill Sharpies, in the Musical 4.06 role of the House Headmaster, University Choir 4.06 seemed especially good during one Military Band 4.47 of the rehearsals, and the characPIA Men’s Chorus 3.73 ters appeared to balance each other Athletics 4.13 Jn pace. Football Managers 4.12 Directed By Deam Baseball Managers 3.98 William L. Deam, who directed Basketball Managers 3.98 highly successful “Night Must ^ ^ Pall,” is director for this comedy ^WAA 4.27 by Ian Hay. Performances will start at 8 . ^ 4*29 o’clock on Friday and Saturday . o Qo nights while the curtain goes up at -nj /iSfi o clock on Wednesday and vJJy Yeli::::;;;::::;:::;:::: "ursday nights. Dramatic and Forensic 4.40 ^ a a ^ n a aa Intramural Debate 4.36 Qr, O. 17 . CaluWOlt
Playshop 4,61
Government 4.43 . • . ’08, will present the results of A W S 4.69 the latest experiments in the field of Student Senate 4.37 atom smashing on his “Radio Mag-
* ic” program over the NBC Blue
T“tianOlG network Friday evening at 6:16 ^ CST. After discussing the potential- . . . social fraternity, announces ities of atomic power, he will exthe initiation of Michael M. Popo- plain in laymen’s terms the mechvitz of Chicago. anism of the cyclbtron. Ade^s College Comedy Scheduled For, May 1,3
By Carolyn Wood _ “George, it’s all right!” were the
words with which Admiral Dewey greeted George Ade after the premiere of “The College Widow” early in September of 1906. Since this was early in Ade’s career, he was dubious over the outcome of the play. His sentiments are best expressed in these excerpts from a letter written recently to a Wash-
ington newspaper correspondent:
“As I look back to 1906, I realize that I was either very courageous and far-sighted or else very foolhardy. I wanted to write a play dealing with college life and football. No play dealing with those two subjects had ever been produced on the American stage. Henry W. Savage, who had been producing my plays, and many other wise people connected with the theater were of the opinion that the general playgoing public was not keenly interested in undergraduates or college athletics. I thought they might be if we treated the college students as
human beings instead of little tin, gods and pr-oduced a comedy instead of a melodrama . . . Strangely enough, my newspaper friends and theatrical friends who attended re-" hearsals did not show any enthus-
iasm for the play.”
“ . . . The opening was at the Columbia theater ... I remember that on the afternoon of the opening some of my fraternity brothers came to me and asked me to attend a reception in my honor after the opening performance. I told them that after the opening performance I might be up in my room hiding under the bed or else floating in
the Potomac ...”
“The first -uct was supposed to introduce the characters and star the 'story, but it was not supposed to contain much comedy. My first happy surprise came when the people began to laugh and applaud during the first act. I f^t encouraged. The second act went with a
(Continued on page 2)
Greek And British Troops Hold Back German Advance Offsets News Of Push At West Egypt Border By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To Chicagro Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, April 14 — Reports reaching London from Greece, indicating that the Greek and British troops have so far held up the German advance in the PKlorina sector, have tended to offset, to a certain extent, the gloomy news of the German push to the Egyptian border. The gloom, which has overhung Great Britain for the last three days, has been reminiscent of the days of last June, when British troops were thought to have been caught in Flanders. Official quarters have not entirely shared the glurtiness of the man in the street. In the first place, they had undoubtedly realized the danger of weakening the British forces in the Western Desert of Egypt by the withdrawal of troops, although it is unlikely that the arrival of so large a German force in North Africa was expected. Four Nazi Divisions It was known two months ago that the Germans had two divisions in Tripoli, with two others awaiting transport from Sicily. But how the Germans have managed to maintain supply lines to advance mechanized units, who have been copying British tactics in their capture of Cyrenaica, is mystifying. The British certainly left no gasoline behind them, either British or Italian, when they retreated from Bengasi. The threat to Egypt, which Prime Minister Winston Churchill warned (Continued on page 4) Etchings, Soap Sculptures Displayed In Building No. 2 Two exhibits are on display in the Applied Design Department of Building Number Two for two weeks. One exhibit is a collection of 26 original etchings and lithographs by Thomas Benton, Grant Wood, John Stewart Curry, and other American Artists. The other represents the prizes awarded for the sixteenth annual competition in soap sculpture. The collection of etchings is one of a series of traveling shows circulated from New York by the As-' sociated American Artists to museums and libraries throughout the United States. It was especially selected to give a cross section of outstanding contemporary American
art.
There are 70 pieces of soap sculpture in the exhibit sent by the National Soap Sculpture committee. The sculpture is mostly o^.human and animal figures. a.c. ROTC Students . . . will be excused from class at 8:30 o’clock Friday, May 2, in order that they may participate in the Gala Week military review, according to an announcement made yesterday by President Elliott. The Ccrps will assemble in the Armory at 3:40 o’clock. The review takes the place of the April 29 and May 1 Corps pay formations.
Notice
Ed Sopcak, Damon Elder Vie For PI A Executive Positions
Students shooting rifles in Happy Hollow are warned by C. Haven Smalley, proprietor of the Grand View Cemetery, that ricocheting bullets are endangering visitors to the cemetery, adjoining the Hollow. During Easter week-end many visitors complained about the danger. Mr. Smalley asks that students using the Hollow for target practice be careful about the ricocheting bullets.
-I—From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
To Chie«K0 Daily News Foreisn Serriee. Conyriffht, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Isa • Nazis Enter Egypt Axis columns pointed toward the Suez Canal have crossed the Egyptian frontier and captured Solum, the high command announced in Berlin. Previously, it was said, Fort Capuzzo was taken by forces that had occupied Bardia Saturday. :|c iR 4: • Hitler's Troops Defeated The Adolf Hitler division of Nazi storm troops, the personal bodyguard of the Fuehrer before the war, has been defeated in northern Greece by British infantrymen in the first major Anglo-German clash on the Balkan front, London asserts. * * :!< o Russo-Jap Settlements Due The new Russo-Japanese neutrality pact ‘dears the road for the settlement of all outstanding issues between the countries, it was said today by Pravda, Moscow’s official Communist newspaper. * * * • Tobruk Still Holds Out “Tobruk, apparently pretty well garrisoned, is still holding out —■ more than that, it is still menacing its presumptive visitors,” radios Robert J. Casey. m 1): Ik • Greek Retreat Extraordinary “The Greek retreat by sea, from Macedonia and Thrace, one of the least known but most extraordinary strategic feats of the war, is now coming to a successful close,” radios George Weller from Athens. * * * • Attack Ships In Red Sea Any American ships that venture into the Red Sea will be attacked by Axis forces, Virginia Gayda said in an editorial published today in the Giornale d’ltalia. * * * • British Still Confident “While the government must share the public’s apprehension over Egypt, officials took a more confident view of the Balkan situation than the people,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. * He * • RAF Hammers Merignac^ Merignac, base of the long-range German bombers r?iiding British shipping at fta, and near-by Bordeaux, base for submarines, were hammered by the R. A. F. last night, it was announced in London. A Swedish press report said a British torpedo boat raided a small Norwegian port. Prof. McKee To Address Ceres Pledges At Banquet Eleven Ceres pledges will be the guests of hoijpr tonight at the Ceres banquet at 6 o’clock in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The banquet is to be'preceded by formal initiation in the afternoon. Prof. J. H. McKee of the English department will deliver the address to the initiates Prof. F. E. Robbins, one of the founders of Ceres is also to appear on the program. Delta Gamma _ ... social sorority, announces the election of Veralynne Erganbright, president; Iris Baumgartner, vicepresident; Margaret Chenoweth, recording secretary; Betty Hanna, corresponding secretary; Judith Auch, treasurer; Virginia Worden, assistant treasurer; and Mary Grace Minkler, social chairman.
All PI A Members May Vote: Polls Open 7:30 AM-5:30 PM Choosing between Ed Sopcak and Damon Elder as their president for the coming year, members of the Purdue Independent Association hold their annual election today. The polls are located in the Union opposite the phone booths. Other candidates are: Ellen Suttner and Patsy McFarlane for co-ed executive, Tom Mullett and Charles Hanson for vice-, president, Jane Ostrander and Gloria Fox for secretary, and Gorden Jenkins and Bill Southard for treasurer. Rules Of Warfare
British Hold Tobruk Despite Axis Claims Of Easy Occupation By Robert J. Casey SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Cairo, April 14.—The hush-hush war in Libya seems to be getting more and more into the open. At any moment now, so«it is said, there may be a first-class battle in it. And then, maybe, it will get some attention from commentators now concerned only with what is going on, or is not going on, in the Balkans. Admittedly, the attitude of the authorities hereabouts is that this business doesn’t really amount to much. Unofficially, you get hints of a belief that the invading ItaloGerman columns are a pushover waiting for a push, and supporting this article of faith is the fact that Gen. Sir Archibald Wavell, commander in chief of the British Middle East command, has conducted his withdrawal in good order ^d with minor losses. (Continued on page 4)
The PIA executive board passed the following rules for the election at their meeting last Monday: 1. Only PIA members are eligible to vote. 2. Passports and membership cards must be presented at the polls before receiving a ballot. 3. No campaigning is to be done near the polls. 4. Polls are to open at 7:30 a. m. and close at 6:30 p. m. Friday afternoon at fiv6 o’clock petitions for the appointive positions on the PIA executive board are due at the office. Of the ten appointive positions, six of them are open to the campus at large. The positions are membership \ chairman, women’s social chairman, activity chairman, men’s social chairman, men’s activity chairman and political chairman. Other Jobs Open Under the new ward organization, after this year, the men’s social chairman, men’s activity chairman and the political chairman will be chosen from the respective ward social, activity and political chairmen. The SCA, WRH, and Cary HaU representatives and publicity chairmen are to be chosen by the respective residence organizations at a separate election. * The newly elected officers are to be formally installed Sunday, April
27.
Sigma Delta Psi Sets
Time For Qualification Big Ten Art Exhibits
Due By Noon Today
Now that spring is definitely here and summer is on its way, Sigma Delta Psi, national physical honorary, has announced that entrance trials are now being held in the Ross-Ade Stadium. Open To All Each Tuesday and Thursday at 4 o’clock in the afternoon every male student enrolled in the University is eligible to try and perform the seven different events necessary for local enrollment. These events vary from 60 yard dashes and broad jumping to rope climbing and the shot put. If one has the skill and aihbition to execute 16 events prescribed by the honorary, national membership may be obtained. At the present time members of Sigma Delta Psi are hard at work in training for the national meet at which all of the large institutions will be repre-
sented.
Participation Points It is of interest to note that any fraternity man who 4;ries out for the honorary and passes the requirements wins five points for his fraternity towards the Intramural participation trophy which is awarded at the end of the year to the leading fraternity in Intramural sports^
r.w.d.
Entries for competition in the sixth annual Big Ten Art Exhibition must be in thq puttering rooms of the Union before noon today, according to Professor Shantz-Han-sen, department of Applied Design. At that time she will select six pieces which wilLrepresent the University at the exhibition from May 8 to June 8 in Iowa City, Iowa. The Exhibition was established in 1936 to foster student interest in art and to provide an opportunity for student artists to show their work. It is held on a different campus each year. Registration xo.\ the University makes one eligible, and entrie;^ will be accepted in the following fields: oil^and tempera painting, water colors, pastels, graphics, sculpture, ceramics, and applied design. All works must be in proper condition for exhibidon. Drawings and paintings must be framed and not exceed 48 inches in their longest dimension. r.r.r.
I
Write-ups and Pictures of ALL SOCIAL EVENTS ONLY A FEW LEFT
DEBRIS
Dr.J.LBray
. . . head of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering, will attend the regular business meeting and luncheon of the board of directors of the Indiana Gas Association today in room 303 of the
Union.
CO-ID HOURS Hours for co-eds going to the Prom will be 5:00 a. m. If having breakfast at the halls, dates mo^ leave by 0:00. Co-eds desiring to leave place of residence ovee ve«k;» end must have parents* written permission.
4%L' 1;
IfJtil
tv’-
t' ■, K'i'
S||f|
■ . X
Tuesday^ April 15« 1941
-The Ratio 3.93 ...to 1
A real surprise was the return of Ernie Elkins’ Phi Sigma Kappa j»in by Chi O Ginny Diehl. That merger, which had existed for some two years, was a campus tradition. Which just makes us more certain than ever that—^we’ve lost our faith in human nature. And also on the pins-retumed side of the ledger is Getchel'Williams’ pin which was returned by Pi Phi Patty Moffit last Friday night. The whole affair didn’t last very long, we hear. It must have been just the spring weather. But to cheer us up a bit. We’ve found something that looks like the real thing. Augusta Hite, Pi Phi, is now the proud possessor of a sparkling diamond acquired last week-end from Eric Johnson, Purdue ’40 grad. And speaking of rings Dotty Weber is wearing a DU insignia ring formerly owned by Joe Starek. After all, the old campus does have enough new pin mergers to make up for the broken romances... Bob Hogue of the Sigma Pi house just placed his on Alpha Chi pledge Barbara Clifton. Jack Lowe of the Phi Gam’s owes his brothers cigars for having succumbed to the charms of a little southern belle who goes to Lindenwood, Betty Beard. Miss Beard is the sister of Kappa, Ann Beard, who has been wearing Phi Gam jewelry for some time . . . courtesy of Fred Douglas. The merry vacation that Cary Hall joes Chuck Allmon and Jack Bowling enjoyed in Mexico City has
TODAY- WEDNESDAY
ALL NEW I M-G-M's uniorgetiable sequel to the never-to-be-foigotten '"BOYS TOWN"!
TODAY- TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
*‘EL$ir’
PLUS-
A Roaring Sags/of the Frozen North! "StikH OFTHaWOLr JACKtON^N with MICHAaWHALEN'GRACE BRADLEY MUn HICKMAN-MANTAN MOREUND-IOUISE BEAVERS
Sooner Or. Later?
Sunday night we listened to the radio program “American Forum of the Air.” The bone of contention was, “Shall America convoy war supplies?” The speakers talked on and around the subject and when Jt was all over we had only one question— Why the argument? It seems rather clear to us. If we convoy war supplies thfbugh the war zone, we go to war in a very short time. If we don’t we f^tay out a little longer. Why then, is there any argument? Surely it is not about the possibility of the convoy system not bringing us into active participation in the present conflict. Convoy Sr—warships-—go with transports for only one reason •—^to use their fire-power on any and all that would dispute the passage of the ships being guarded. And surely no one is naive enough to believe that a ship of the American navy be sunk while on convoy duty it would be received in this country without a demand for a declaration of war immediately following. All this, irregardless of the question of the, right of the American ship to be where it was or to be doing what it was doing. One’s stand on the question would then seem to simmer down to whether the person concerned believes that we should go to war sooner or later. Sooner... upon the wave of mass-hysteria that would rise as the first American, ship went down with a German torpedo ... or later with some other excuse. Of course there’s always the possibility that we’ll stay out of war.—Iwr
aroused the envy of most every male that has seen the movies that were brought back . . . intact. It seems that the boys iriade quite a hit with some of the senoritas, which just goes to show . . . That travel is certainly broadening. And before we close we can’t resist including this poem swiped from the Cincinnati Profile: Some kiss hot, . Some kiss cold. Some don’t kiss Until they’re told. Sbme kiss fast. Some kiss slow. Those that don’t kiss I don’t know. Dr. Strauss To Speak At Marriage Course Thursday, April 17, Dr. Strauss of Chicago will speak on ‘‘Masriage from the Viewpoint of a Woman Doctor” before members of the Marriage Course. She will speak to the men at 4 p. ra. and to the'girls, at 7:30 p. m. This talk will mark the last lecture of the Marriage Course for this semester. It will be the fifth year that Dr. Strauss has talked on campus.
TODAY
sow***'"US
WEDNESDAY
Of tH* IU«»V
Prof . Mailer Named
Of Writers'Meefing Professor Herbert j. Muller, member of the English Department will be a member of the teaching staff of the Second Annual Writers’ Conference, to be held for nine days in June at Indiana University. The announcement of his appointment was recently made in Bloomington. Professor Muller, a former Guggenheim fellow and author of a book on criticism and numerous articles, will be a leader of the workshops dealing with fiction. A staff of ten nationally known writers, including John Crowe Hansom, Irwin Shaw and Carl Carmer will give lectures, lead panel discussions and guide the workshops during the conference. v.m.b. Mortar Board ... will sponsor a Southern Cabaret • dance in the Union Ballroom on Friday evening, April 25. Byron Dunbar and his orchestra will play and freshmen co-eds will seH gardenias at the dance. Dress will be formal. Tickets, in charge of Merle Hagemeyer, will be on sale in all sororities, residence halls, and at the West desk of the Union, p.s. ,
A SUMMER SCHOOL FOR ENGINEERS To Make Up Courses To Attain Advanced Standing To Train For National Defense The Colorado School of Mines '^ Slimmer Session offers complete, thorough courses including field alft laboratory courses throughout the summer. In America’s Vacation Land Recreational Opportunities make ' Summer Study Enjoyjdble For Details Write Director Sunimer Session Colorado School of Mines Golden, Colorado
TODAY - WEDNESDAY — TWO SWELL COMEDY HITS —
“DM
SOSGSl
If y .0.
%
V
uiUk CESAR ROMERO • VlRGINU CaHORE.MILTON BERLE CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD •BELOON IXONARO. STAMtR CLKMERTS . EBANK lENKA BARraRT PABKEt
Mini mm * UME liMHIlEEK'llarMIUI. Cwp!lfiiia»USf.lMKi IUIimU*laiMILEy,lr
The Colamn
According to our paper. The average Russian ex-^ pects to fight soon. But he doesn’t know which side he’s going to be on. It all hinges on whether or not Comrade Joe wants to saye the democracies . . . For the Revolution. The Red Sea has been opened to our ships. Which is very nice. Except that inaybe Adolf won’t like it. Not that 'We care whether he likes it or not. It’s just... The way he shows his displeasure. * . si ; i(r' ^ But if he does call Uncle Sam names. Uncle will get sore. And maybC declare war. Then we’ll get a chahce to fiillfil our ambition to be a hero. Which is very nice. Except that we’ll have a little trouble being a hero if.. We’re dead. . According to the War Department we now have 1,600,000 men under arms. Which must cost us about 60,000,00d dollars a month. This business oi thumbing our nose at Adolf is fun ... But rather expensive. * The aid to Britain problem seems to be getting rather serious. In one of Roosevelt’s speeches a short time ago, he said: “We must send more ships, munitions, and war materials of all kinds to Britain.” All of which is all right. Except the Ittst item. We have U
The Purdue Exponent
ai the Beet oNiee ia Lafayette, IndiAna, under the aet of OonBreea of Mateb 8, 1879; and at the aneeial rate of poetatro provided for in section 1108, act of Oetbher 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durinz the' regular academic year and weelf^ during; , the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earner for $8.00 per yeair, mhil subscription, $8,60. Editor-liipChiefl..................„. It. W. Donahue BnsinMS BDuiacor Merle Hecemwer Publication Staff News Editot....-.....u......._ .,J. tL McKeC Managing jBMitor......;-,...!.....-^...;.;^,.,..^..—.....t—p, K. BChiple Associate Nditofsi N* A. Ochiltree, J. A. Pureidl, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Sfcallerup, J. Lb Traugott Bufines* Staff Local Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Pfpinotion Managw, C. P. DawlemaJer; Accounts Slander, B. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M^ BecKtcnwald. Co-ed Staff ZMitor... ......_ ; Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesS. ■■ Sports Staff EMitor...... .... —i J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sporto 27$2 Represented for national advertisiqg: by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, A20 Ma^on Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Allaiison Issue Editor: Bafert Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Young Staff: E. G. KiepeT, B. R. Ruiinion, J. F. Zinski, S. £. Cragmile, W. J. Greemstein, R. W.. DeMars, P. C. Johnson, J. D. Fraser, A. Chatfield, V. M. Barson, A.—Wotfeley, J. Keim, M. J. Fox and C. Hass.
nasty suspicion that it might jhst possibly be . ■ Us.—bla'. ■ ,
TennisTeaitiOpens Season NextWeek Their opener but a week away, Coach Larry LaBree’s netters are turning on the heat in their daily practice sessions. In turn, the heat is turning it on them. The team has been in hibernation in the Fieldhouse for some time, because of unfavorable weather. - Three lettermen form the nucleus of this year’s squad. They are Captain Bob Anderson, Ray Leucht and Fred Richards. The rest of the team will have ip b® built around sophomore material, in the opinion of LaBree. Sophs Shine Among the best of these soph candidates is red-headed Bill Van Camp, who looks to be about ready to move into fast company. Dick Stettner, Gus Armstrong and H. Vaughn are others who are fighting for positions. : ^ ■ In addition to these lads, there are several other promising racketeers, any one of whom may break into the upper strata at an^ time. The season opens at Greencastle on April 22 with DePauw hitting them from the other side of the nets. Fourteen matches are scheduled for the season with the curtain ringing down on May 19 at Chicago. Three days later the State Meet will be started at Earlham. It continues for three days, after which some of the team will journey to Chicago to the Conference meet. Prospects Good Prospects fpr a successful season seepi very good, probably because of so many promising sophomores. The spirit on the squad is very good. ^On April 26 the Riveters will play their first home match against Illinois. e.c.y. kie's Coniedy... (Continued from page 1) bang and Was followed by a lot of applause. The third act, if I do say myself, was a knock-out. It was a very short act dealing with all the thrills of a big football game. There was plenty of action and cheering and people rushing in and out of the main entrance to the playing field, all in a fine frenzy. The climax was the touchdowp and the appearance of the players and their friends holding the hero aloft. Well, after that third act, I had to go before the curtain and make a speech. Just at my right, as I stood on the edge of the stage, was a box containing Admiral and Mrsi, Dewey . . . Admiral Dewey stood up in his box and said, “George, it’s all right!” I saluted him and said, “Admiral, God bless you, for them kind words.” The play . . . turned out to_be my meal ticket.” \ ' In honor of George Ade, Purdue’s outstanding alumnus, “The College Widow” will be revived as this year’s Varsity Show during Gala Week. The performance on May 1 will be open to students with passports, and on May 3 the public will be admitted.
Letter To The Editor: An Answer Dear Editor: In answer to Mr. Henry Mangus’s letter “Questioning University Convocations” may I say that student co-operation in preparing the series of convocations Ijas been cultivated and appreciated for a good many years? N6W that studeht membership of the committee has been more than doubled!, it should be all the easier for the student body to gain a bearing. The student members are: The President and the Co-ed Executive of the Union, the President of the AWS, the President of the Senate and the Editor of the Exponent. Any student or group of students may present ideas through these or any other member of the committee. Many suggestions from the student body have been adopted in times past. On one occasion the Senate initiated a poll of student attendance and invited criticism. The findings reflected amazingly good taste both in music and in lectures. The eifort that is being made at present to present an outstanding play next season is due first of all to a request from a group of students. One other number now under consideration is debnitely the choice of students. Sometimes the talent suggested is hot available. One pbpular radio ensemble, invited a year ago to give a concert here, refuses to go a day’s journey from New York. Sometimes the charge is exorbitant ; sometimes a mutually agreeable, date cannot be found. And naturally, not all of the many proposals addressed to the Committee on Convocations and Public Lectures ca,n be adopted. Just as sincerely yours,
J. T. Gunn.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By tichty
“Patients in the waiting rooms must not exchange symp- ^ toms—it gets the doctor mixed up!”"I
■fc %vK -WiM * •<■/■ ,* /j 4i,v •' \ w }? „ ,
rfiji ■■
i.i, •'" ^ ” Tr
4 \
4^X A
K(, „
i-i** >'!''
'<:■
i ^.
fijiAdiUL £xfiMtaM.
Tuesday. April 15.1941
fio/^ S-SfufitL
Ar IrishnaR’s llllSitRS
Boilermakers Oppose St. Joseph Nine Today
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
What a week-end last Friday and Saturday made for Boilermaker ^ athletic squads, but the track squad got the scare of ifs life when Michigan State came^out of its doldrums to come within a first place of beating Purdue, which all goes to show that track and field champions can't be predicted with accuracy. —I-I— Herm Phillips and anyone else who watches times and distances of track and field men in the middle West could have'told you that the Spartan team couldn’t have come within twenty-seven points of Purdue, but the Michigan State team almost beat Purdue, the meet being decided by the Purdue mile relay team on a great race by Anthony who ran anchor for that foursome. -1-1— Dkve Rankin had won the low hurdles to give Purdue a 64-62 lead with one event remaining, the mile relay. The winner of the mile relay would win the meet. At this point Coach Phil of the Purdue team was scratching his scalp lookihg for a mile relay team, because out of his entire squad not one man was physically fit due to previous races. Ed Holderman had' just run the mile and two mile, and that eliminated him,^ and so on went Phillip’s efforts to gather together a winning team. Phil finally got together a group of none-too-impressive lads who were willing, but feeble. That race must have been thrilling—and heart breaking for the State crowd, because Michigan’s anchor man took the final baton ten yards ahead of Purdue’s Anthony. In a spectacular run Anthofiy won by ten yards with a crafty (but dangerous) bit of running on the final curve by cutting on the inside of the State runner. When two men are all that’s on the track, that maneuver is like driving on the wrong side of the road. -1-1— Looking over the Minnesota Daily we find that the Phi Delta Theta baseball team-is top favorites to cop the campus baseball championship with all - American Sonny Franck pitching. Bob Bjorklutid, regular football center as catcher; Bob Paffrath, regular halfback playing in centerfield; Dick Wildung, biggest and best tackle in the conference at first; Reed King and Bill Johnkon, regular ends, also in the outfield. —l-I— Too bad, the Phi Delts up there don’t play touch ball.
Seek foultih Stfaighi Vidory; Erntneri &ti Mdtihd for Hbsts
/
This afternoon at 4 ihO p. m. the Boilermakers will seek their fourth home victory in as many starts as they face a strong invading St. Joseph College nine on the varsity diamond on RossAde Recreation Field. Johnny Emmert, veteran senior right hander and one of the three major lettermen on the 1941 squad, will make his first start since the spring vacation trip as he faces the Puma lead-off man today. The chubby, smooth working hurler pitched during three of the southern trip battles and emerged the victor in two of the games. /The only major change in the Riv- -
eter line-up will be in left field, with senior George Doherty replacing sophomore Bill Carson in that position. The amiable athlete from Point Pleasant, New York, had a
PROBABLE LINE-UPS
Purdue Myers, ss Cook, 3rd McFerren, 2nd Janisch, rf Byelene, cf Dohetty, If McCaflFfifey or Waterhouse, Ist Fisher, c Emmert, p
St. Joseph Gladen, c Boyle, 1st Murphy, 2nd Lapsys, 3rd Clark, cf Cody, rf Vanderkolk, If Lenzyk, ss Leugers, p
perfect day at the plate in his first start of the infant season, collecting a triple, a double, and three singles in five trips to the batter’s box. His fine batting performance led^the Boilermakers to a 16 hit 13-2 victory over the Macomb Teachers team. Pitchers Potent Batters Versatile sophomore John Janisch will return to his right field post today after temporarily leaving the outfield to get Saturday’s win by hurling a four hit game and nearly scoring a shutout. He also is one of the team’s leading hitters, probably the most powerful on the sqtiad, and has been batting in the clean-up spot during the past few games. It IS an interesting fact of the 1941 contingent that the pitchers, usually very poor batsmen, are some of the outstanding sluggers on the squad. Leifheit, Blanken, and Emmert besnies Janisch, are potent at the plate, and can usually be counted on to help win their own games. More Batting Practice Yesterday afternoon in practice Coach Dutch Fehring again stressed batting practice, giving the batsmen individual attention at hitting. The squad continued its hitting performance of Saturday as they lofted several mighty blows soaring into the depths of the outfield. The St. Joseph team is composed of eight veterans of last seasofi, with a lone sophomore, Stan Lapsys, of Chicago, at third base, tak-
Fong Wins Fencing Tourney From Graff With play-offs being necessary for feoth first and third places, the Silver Mask fencing tournament came to an exciting finish yesterday afternoon ~in the Fieldhouse. Play had started Saturday afternoon with all but SIX men being eliminated at that time.
Tong Wins
Yang Tong, Chinese student took first place after a tough battle with Henry Graff. Tucker and Ross tied for third place, Ross winning in the
play-off.
This tournament was open to all those who had never engaged in a fencing tournament on the campus here previously. Members of Silver Mask, fencing honorary, officiated and judged the event. Medals, Too Medals will be awarded those who copped the first three places. A special medal was awarded to Silverman for displaying the best fencing form in the tournament. He has fenced very little up to this time.
ing the place of last year’s leading hitter. Urban Pfeffer, of Jasper, who recently dropped out of school to sign a contract with the Yankees. In their only previous game of the season the Pumas Ibst a tight battle to a hard hittihg Wabash squad last week by a h-2 sCore. Blanken In Hospital Don Blanken, who has been pitching and playing first base on alternate days, has been confined to the hospital with a strep throat, and according to Doc Miller, it is very doubtful whether the lanky diamondnian will be able to-take the trip to Columbus for the Ohio State senes Friday and Saturday or not. Coach Fehring has not decided as yet whether he will start McCaffery or Wes Waterhouse at the initial bag, and it probably''won’t be announced until game time. Waterhouse IS one of the few left handed hitters on the squad and should add to the batting power of the team, p.e.r.
Liiiksmen Prepare Fdr bp6tilng Match; Detroit Here Friday With the hope that the present ideal weather conditions will' prevail throughout the week, the Boilermaker golfing squad have been grooming for their opening match with the University of Detroit here this coming Friday, April 18. Squad Has Balance Basing his prediction upon the xesults of early practice rounds. Coach Harry Allspaw believes that he possesses a more well-balanced outfit than that of last year, with co-captains George Dahl and Bob McKenzie ably supported by three returning lettermen and three promising newcomers. The lettermen triumverate includes Bob Hoffer, West Lafayette; Doug McDaniel, Fostoria, Ohio; and tlharles Curran, Gary. The three new men striving for varsity berths, and who have made a favorable impression on Coach Allspaw are Rogers Schutt, a sophomore, of Indianapolis; Wade Knipp, a senior, of Hammond, and Dave Dittmer, a junior, of Warren, Ohio. Schedule Announced An afitractive schedule of eight matches in addition to the State Meet, which will be held here this year, the Big Ten Meet at Chicago, and the National Intercollegiate Meet at Columbus, Ohio, has been planned for the Riveter linksmen. I M ScKedulBi FRATENITY TENNIS Tuesday, April 15, 4:00 p. m. Court 11 Acacid vs Th^ta Tau 16 Phi Kappa vs Phi Delta Theta. 16 Alpha SiBina Phi vs Kappa Sisma 17 Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Chi Rho 18 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Delta Tan. Delta 19 Phi Gamma Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha 20 Triangle vs Phi Kappa Psi 21 Sigma Chi vs Delta Upsilon 22 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi 23 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Theta Xi 24 Sigma Nu vs Theta Chi Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Sigma Kappa. Phi Kappa Sigma Vs Sigma Pi Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tau Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Chi Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Kappa Lambda
BASEBALL Diamond 1 Theta Xi vs Alpha Gamma Rho 2 Sigma Nu vs Sigma Alpha Mu 3 Triangle vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 4 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Delta
Theta
5 Beta Sigma Psi vs Tau Epsilon Phi 6 Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi. 7 Sigma Pi vs.uJCappa Delta Rho 8 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Kappa
Sigma.
Alpha Tau Omega vs Pi Kappa
Alpha
Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Phi
9
10
MASS GOLF Alpha Chi Rho. Beta Theta Pi Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Tau Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Chi Sigma Phi Epsilon Theta Chi Theta Tau
Choosing Good Food Is No "Child's Play ' • Many take “food” as just another thing three times a day. But there is more to it than that! LIKE THE CHILDREN YOU NEED PEP AND VITALITY JhsL lAmofL (^afsds/dcL , OFFERS YOU JUST THAT!! PEP and VITALITY THROUGH BETTER PREPARED AND I HIGHER QUALITY FOODS JhL fiwudjusL Tybunjo^mL Unmtv
Riveter Trackmen Face Sutler Invasion Saturday With the Little Brown Jug still reposing safely in the Fieldhouse, the Riveter track forces turned their attention to preparing for the invasipn of the Bulldogs from Butler, who will be here Saturday for a 12:30 meet in Ross-Ade Stadium. Previously, the Boilermakers were scheduled to travel to Kansas to join the large field in the annual Kansas Relays, but the dual meet has been substituted for this trip. The regulation 14 events will make up the program, with the field events being run off first. Close Meet ■
Saturday, the Riveters retained the cherished jug by the narrow margin of seven points, winning 6962, as the Michigan State trackmen showed surprising strength in all events. That the Boilermakers won at all, can be credited largely to two whirlwind finishes by Dave Rankin, in the low hurdles, and Burt Anthony, running anchor in the one mile relay. Captain Ed Holderman raked in some valuable points by taking firsts in both the mile and two mile runs. The Spartans were leading in points with only the 220 yard low hurdles and the relay remaining to be run, but Rankin pulled the meet out of the fire with a lusty victory in the hurdles. The meet then hinged on the outcome of the relay and Anthony made up a five yard handicap, took over the lead, and won by ten yards to give victory to the Gold and Black. By this time.
Michigan State had seen more of Anthony than they cared to, for earlier in the afternoon he cracked the meet record in the quarter mile. Walter Arrington, Michigan State’s captain, was high man in scoring for the day with two firsts and a second. Jake Weber and Ed Holderman followed close behind ^th a pair of victorys. Four meet records were broken during the course of the afternoon, as both teams found the perfect track weather to theirTiking. Ml Golf Enthusiasts . . . are urged to sign up as soon as possible for the all-campus golf tournament. Sheets for this purpose will be found on both the bulletin board outside the intra-mural office and the board opposite the in-tra-mural check-out window.
"BEST ASSURED" at HOTEL FOWLER 200 Rooms Fireproof Newly Decorated Blue Blazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafa3rette
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. MAROU) J. RISK
4th Gr MUn Sis.
Phone 5710
br. A. M. IRION biNtilT 11914 Northwestern Ave. Phone AP6$
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up \
lewalen
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist $04 Main St. Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Mocieraie Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• School Siippliis
DEAC'S .Everything for a College Education
• Ice and Coal
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRIO^ LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078 Hardware H It's Hardlware We H«ve It QwRilty Mdn.—-Lower'Prioee idgirim Hdwe. Inca Phone 43S4 We Deliver Sperb Hardware ^lity Mdse.—Right Price* 822 Main St. Phon* 2TIT■ l—r-i
Tuesday, April 15,1941
fijuJulm, £xlaofuinL
British Hold Tobruk (Continued from page 1) London has announced the British retirement from Derna, fighting west of Tobruk, and the evacuation of Bardia. From sources nearer home, you get the information that skirmishing is going on about Salum, on the Egyptian frontier. But Tobruk, apparently pretty well garrisoned, is still holding out —^more than that, it is still menacing its presumtive visitors. Deny Tobruk Is Encircled It is officially denied that Tobruk has been encircled or cut off, despite the fact that there are some enemy detachments west of it and some to the east. Furthermore, it is stressed that advanced units of tanks and what not have not stopped land communications and constitute what might be rated as a minor annoyjince. In another war you might doubt such a statement, but in this, where for almost a year there have been no flanks and few fronts, you don't even sniff. The spectacle of a British column leap-frogging, sidestepping or dodging a German column while carrying odds and ends from Salum to Tobruk, and viceversa, is interesting, maybe, but is nothing to cause astonishment—not in this campaign. A. G, Phillips . . . for many years head of the poultry department, will be the principal speaker at the fourteenth annual agricultural alumni dinner to be held in the Union May 12 in honor of the current senior agriculture class. Roscoe Fraser, past alumni president, will be toastmaster, and Professor A. T. Wianko, head of the agronomy department, will convey the good wishes of the faculty.
J. H, Martin
. . . head of the poultry department, will speak at a Poultry Seminar this evening in room 236 of the Union. Seminars are being held each week ta acquaint juniors and seniors majoring in Poultry with the different jobs available to them, c.f.h.
Peace Group Hears O. Knox Tomorrow Discussing “Is Peace Possible?” Reverend Owen A. Knox, Detroit, Mich., will be the chief speaker at the eighth annual Purdue Peace Demonstration tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 211-213 of Stanley^ Coulter Hall. Dr. Knox is president of the Civil Rights Federation and has long been active in the work of preventing infringements of the Constitutional civil'rights. No admission is charged for the meeting and everyone is invited to attend. Greek And British (Continued from page 1) might be pending, now appears imminent. The German strategy for encircling the eastern Mediterranean is now obvious. While the government must share the public’s apprehension over Egypt, officials took a more confident view of the Balkan situation than the people. Aside from the fact that it was never intended to make a stand at Salonika, all the ^hazards of the Balkan expedition were recognized when the decision was taken to send it. It seemed strategically desirable to make the Germans fight on as many fronts as possible by sending troops to bolster up the Greeks and encourage the Yugoslavs. The policy, so far, seems successful. Germans Halted After the initial chaos in Yugoslavia, due largely to the Yugoslavs’ overconfident estimate of the time required for mobilization, the Yugoslavs now appear to be putting up a stout fight. The Germans are being' held along the Phlorina sector, but it is realized here that they have not yet launched their full attack against this region. Some here hold the view—by no means generally held—that the Germans may pass by Greece, launching a full scale attack against Turkey. The fact that the Turks are evacuating |stanbul indicates that they are taking no risks of being caught unprepared.
Do you feel like bursting out with something? Perhaps a song . golf if it’s warm and sunny, or an umbrella when the showers come
be the next to burst out with the MEASLES
who knows?
6
If you’d prefer the song and dance, just bounce right down to
Southworth’s Swing Shop and listen to j the newest records of' your prom band - Woody Herman. Southworth’s is the exclusive dealer in
Emerson radios, so if you want to jhear Woody at home, just take along one of their latest portables. These portables are from $9.95 up; with a record player they’re only
five dollars more.
S-T-S
Are you one of the many enthusiastic fans that follow the pros ^about last week; and are you one of the great golfing multitude that’s been getting staited even this early ©. . . in hopes that this will be the season for that hole in one? For all of you, Deac’s has the equipment you’ll need ... all makes of balls, tees, gloves, practice balls, and the famous Macgregor Course-tested
Albert P. Stewart . . . University choral director, leaves for Cleveland tomorrow to speak before the annual convention of the Ohio Federation of Music Clubs on “Songs Along the Wabash.” He will tell of the choral woik among Indiana Home Economics clubs which he has organized and conducted as a member of the Agricultural Extension staif of the University, v.m.b.
GORGEOUS NEW COLORS
Clothes were never more year.
pretty than this
Crown Cleaning Service works wonders in keeping clothes looking new. Snoau Laundry r I M E C L E AM EBS OF FINE CLOTBBt
clubs used by B. Nelson himself. Let Deac’s be your Purdue Pro Shop. S-T-S When did you girls ever have enough play clothes . . . particularly slacks? Botany flannel, gabardine, luana cloth, smooth and cool—all in both suits and separate slacks. Your wants will cer-^ tainly be satisfied at The Fashion. It’s the season for sports and picnics, so you’ll want a new pair of slacks from The Fashion. S-T-S And when did you fellows ever have enough summer sport shirts? You’ll surely want one more when you see the new ■ Rogue Shirts at i Gullion’s. These and others in luggage, green, tan, or blue, made in rayon or gabardine cloth are smart and comfortable on these warm, sunny days. S-T-S Has that graduation watch begun to show the wear and tear of college life? If so, you should look at the latest Gruen watches at Loddes. Both ladies’ and men’s watches come in yellow or rose gold and are priced from $24.75. All the newest watch styles are here at Loddes with leather, link, or cord straps. S-T-S Leisure-time spells housecoats. Even if you’re the busiest girl on earth you at least will want to slip into a fresh, cool housecoat when you get down to studies. Queen City features Saybury housecoats in seersucKers, printed rayons, and in stripes, checks, and polka dots. They’re inexpensive and attractive at Queen City. S-T-S-Something about the crispness and daintiness of collar and cuif sets seems to fairly “Spring.” Whether you want to freshen^ up that classic black' or navy dress, or provide a change for your Easter frock, you’ll want one of
Prof. Honeywell . . . will speak on “Bulbs for the Home” and “Tulip Time in Michigan” tomorrow night at the first open meeting of the Horticulture Society at 7:30 p. m. in room 117 of the Horticulture building.
AN APRIL SALE! THE BIGGEST AND MOST REVOLUTIONIZING SALE OF OUR MANY YEARS OF SERVICE 1!
JACKETS, SPRING HATS, TIES LONG SLEEVES SPORT SHIRTS SPRING WEIGHT SLACKS YOU CAN’T MISS!!
224 Main St.
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
224 Main St.
these collar and cuff sets at the Palais Royal. Embroidered organdies, eyelet piques, pleated ruffles, and Irish lace are stressed in the collection at the Palais Royal. See ’em soon. S-T-S-The University Drug Store has a special gift for you ... a box of Coty's new sub-tint powder base free with each purchase of Coty air spun powder. Your face needs a change just as your vyardrobe does, so tak^ a look at these Cjoty cosmetics. Creams, lipsticks, rouges, powder in the four Coty fragrances, and the newest of powder bases—sub-tint—in light, medium, and dark. All at the University Drug Store. , S-T-S-The Purdue crested jewelry at the University Book Store is smart and inexpensive. Show your loyalty to good old P. U. by carrying a cigareijte case or wallet with the Purdue insignia on the side. Clever compacts for the co-eds are square with a zipper opening. Bracelets in all widths and styles also boast the Purdue crest. Take your pick, but do get one of these pieces of jewelry at the University Book Store. S-T-S-. Even if it’s not for the practical purposed of keeping dry and ’ fit, you’ll want to own, one of Loeb’s umbrellas the minute' you see them. They are well-made, with plastic handles and sixteen-rib paragon frames. In dots, stripes, plaids, and brijght plain colors, made of oiled silk and karoseal, they are the gayest creations imaginable. One that I liked best in this assortment at Loeb’s sounded a smart military note in its bright blue and red and white stripes. S-T-S-For a speedy yet tasty fountain or a la carte meal you should stop in at the Coffee Shop in the Union. It is a most handy and appetizing eating - place, and its food is up to the fine ^standards maintain*ed inwall of the Union’s dining rooms. The doughnut machine and the “gedunkers” club are special attracting features of the Coffee Shop. Stop in soon.
Classified
Ads
Typawritera mU aJUUme mmr and OBcd, for aala. Mat and icoaifad. AB make* of portaUc tgrpewritan, fM.IS to $69.60. Office aopptiea. Mliiiwiuiaiili mat multlsraph work. C. F. Bbfaahoff, m Main St. Phoae, JTT». For Bant: Ruas-Rent-A-Oar Sanriae. Gaea for all oooaaiona. Min. $2.t9 all nlaht. Phona 2407.
LoHt, Sunday evening, Kaywoodie pipe and tobacco pouch. Will finder please call White. 40tl. Reward.
a dance ... a game of . or maybe you’ll even
Notices
Triton Club: There will be a meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:16 p. m. in the women’s pool. All members should attend. —ROSiaMCRANS.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 16, kt 7:30 p. m. in room 806 of the Union. ^ —burroughs.
Undergtraduate Dames: Formal initiation dinner at The Larches Tuesday, April 15, at 7 p. m. Initiation will follow dinner in room 307 of the Union. —GERSTUND. t
WAA: Baseball practice Monday, April 14; Wednesday, April 16, and Friday, April 18. These are final practices. The intramural schedule will be posted next week. Come out and suppo^ your team I ^ —COOPER.
Exponent Staff: Sophomores and juniors check the list on th^ bulletin board in the office, if you intend to petition for a job. —BLACK DAN.
All Cheer Leaders: Turn in your uniforms Wednesday, April 16, at 4 p. m., in room 106 of the Fieldhouse, Be there! —ZUCK.
Sophomore Activities Bareau Workers: Petitions for sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau are due on the 16th. Any questions you have, see me. —WALLY.
Radio Club Members: Order your membership pin by paying deposit at meeting Tuesday, April 16. FREED.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 15, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 134 EE building. M. T. Reynolds will give a demonstration lecture on “Simplified Field Strength Measurement for the Amateur." A radio equipment exchange will also be held. -FREED.
Catalyst Actives and Pledges: Formal initiation will be Wednesday, April 16, at 7:16 p. m. at the Chem and Met Building. Sign up for the party in Dr. Lovell's office before Tuesday noon. —BERGSTEDT.
Newman Club: Meeting of the executive committee and the chapel committee Tuesday, April 16, at 4 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. —LUERS.
_ Purdue Christian Foundation: For dance tickets see either Jean Steigerwald, Wanda Harbaugh, Henry Mangus, or William Hudson. (4-16) —HUDSON.
Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation will be held at 6 p. m. on Thursday, April 16, In room 866 of the Union. Banquet will he in room 368 at 6:80 p. m. Prof. Murphy of the history department will speak. Actives, alumni, and honorary members welcome. Make reservations with Ruth Swickard. —NORQUEST.
Senior Milita^ Students: Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19 —JOHNSON
CE 12 Conditions: Tests for removal of C’s in Highway Construction will be held Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Civil Building. —PETTY.
Garden Lovers: Open meeting of Horticultural Society Wednesday, vApril 16, 7:30 p, m., in room 117 of Horticulture building. —RUNKLE.
Pi Tau Siiima: Student-faculty bowling m Union alleys at 7 :00 p. m., Wednesday, April 16. All members be present regardless of average. —WOODROW
Alpha Zeta Actives and Pledges: Meeting in Room 236 of Union on Wednesday. April 16, 7:30 p. m. Pledges must bring eatables, but not boxes. —SWAIM
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal Tuesday, April 16, at 7 :00 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. Please be prompt. —SMULEVITZ
Fraternity Affairs Office Sophomores: All Tuesday workers report to office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 16. —JACOBSON
WAA: Archery practice Tuesday, April 16, and Thursday at 4 p. m. Five practices necessary for entering tournament. —JOHNSON
Mortar Boards: Supper meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 5 :16 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —BENNE’TT
Wesley Foundation: First meeting of the new student board Tuesday, April 16, at —McFADDEN
7:16 p. m.
Gold Pepper Pledges and Actives: Meeting Wednesday, April 16, in rom 393 of the Union at 4:30 p. m. —HAGEMEYER
Dolphin Club: Formal initiation and election at 4 :16 Tuesday, April 15, in the Fieldhouse. —SILER
All PIA Members: General election for offices of president, vice president, secretary, treasurer and co-ed executive in Union today from 7:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Turn out and vote. —^MUSSER
Eta Kappa Nu Actives and Pledges: Important meeting Tuesday, April 15, at 7:8* p. m. in room 803 of the Union. —HOLCOMB
Reamer Initiation Committee: Meeting Wednesday at 4:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —RUFFNER AWS House President’s Council: No meeting Tuesday, April 16, as previously announced. Next meeting Tuesday, April 22. —DOHERTY SC A: Board meeting Tuesday, May 16, 7:80 p. m. in rgpm 46 of Union. —PORTER
Lost: Omicron Nu pin with N, Morris on back. Please notify 2144. Reward. Please return to Union desk glasses in case, stolep with two suits from Illinois car, no questions asked. r'
DANCING CLASSES OPEN ALLEN*:^ SCHOOL OF DANCINCb Beginner's Class WED., APRIL 16,7:30 P.M. To Experienced Dancers—Enroll in Our New
Advanced
ThurB. April 17, 7:30
PHONE 2150
p. m.