y, ' “ ■ . ^ 1 '’ ' ' '*■ I ’.''■ \ ' "* , ' ' *' "7 ’ * . y \ -■-* i" f"/*'I'i
*"\iJyMM-' )-t' y y 1 t-,
i' A ; q‘ '
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, September 21, 1937
NUMBER?
Polie Will stop.
Traffic For NBC Program In Gym
Tentative plans for the coming Pontiac Collegiate radio program were discussed by the committee in charge of the program at a meeting yesterday afternoon in the Memorail Union Building. The committee consists of T. R. Johnston, A. P. Stewart and G. D. Williams from the University slaff; T. F. Sheets, D. Rohyans, Lorna McCloud and Herb Fishburn, representing the student body, and an alumnus. Arrangements have Been completed with the street car cohipany and the West Lafayette police department to stop all traffic in the immediate vicinity of Memorial Gymnasium on the evening of the broadcast. In addition the committee definitely decided to present the show on Thursday evening, October 7, as a rehearsal to the broadcast on Friday evening. Students and townspeople will be admitted to the rehearsal as well as the regular broadcast. Nothing definite has been decided on the program beyond the fact that the glee club, the military band and a campus band will participate. The method of selecting the campus band for the show has not been decided upon as yet.
On Thursday at 4:30 p. m. the committee will meet again in the Memorial Union Building and begin actual work on the plans for the program.
Publicity
“Tommy” Johnson, publicity director, and member of the Pontiac Collegiate program committee.
Frosh Tea Set For Tomorrow
Union Ballroom Lessees
Organizations desiring the use of the Union ballroom during the present school year are requested by Tom Sheets, Union president, to sehd representatives to room F in the Memorial Union Building today at 4 o’clock. Groups wanting rooms for regular meetings throughout the fiscal year should have their petition in the Student Union office by 5:30 today.
Punch Bowl, the W. A. A. introductory tea for freshmen women, will be held Wednesday from 4 to 5 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. A program illustrating winter sports and' W. A. A. activities will be given. Orchesis, honorary modern dance club, will feature some routines and specialties of last year. Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of the residence halls, has given permission for WRHers to be' late to Wednesday evening’s picnic, if they wish to attend the Punch Bowl.'
Margaret Jones, W. A. A.'social chairman, said la^t night, “I’m hoping for a big turnout, because Punch Bowl’s program will be one of the best displays of the year.”
Freshmen who were unable to sign up for work on the editorial staff of the Exponent Sunday, may do so by reporting to the office, 312 N. Fifth street in Lafayette any afternoon this week. Bring schedule cards.
Military Department Publishes Appointments For Advanced Students
Military appointments have been made for all juniors and seniors for the coming year, and will be found in the boxes in the Armory. W. C. Musham, Senior mechanical engineer, will head the University R. O. T. C. corps for the coming semester. Brigade executive officer will be R. O. Wickersham, next ranking colonel.
For the first timq this year, two corps days will be scheduled. On Thursday mornings at 11, the fir&t and second regiments will have their corps drill, and on Tuesday mornings at 11, the third and fourth regiments will have their corps drill. On Tuesdajy mornings at 11, the third and fourth regiments will have their cofps drill.
Senior Women Will Place
Skirt Orders At Guiiion's
Women of the 1938 graduating class have chosen for their insignia slightly flared skirts in natural colorecj^ corduroy with zippers and belt loops attached. Senior co-eds should go to Gullion’s Clothing Store on State street to put in their orders as soon as possible. At the store measurements will be taken, and patch pockets may be added upon request. The skirts will be priced at $3.25 each. No skirts will be worn until October 9, when the senior women will march in the homecoming parade.
Student Union Auditions Today For Variety Hour
Student Union officials will hold auditions for Variety Hour at 4 p. m. today in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Any student who can sing, play a musical instrument, or put on a vaudeville act is urged to try out by the auditioning group. The first program of the new school year will be aired by WBAA at 2 p. m. on October 2.
Stewart Selects
154 Persons For
Choir Positions
Albert P. Stewart, director of campus musical organizations, announces an increase of 29 persons in the membership of the University Choir. Voices numbering 154 have been selected to sing with the choir for the 1937-38 season. The white-robed group sings for the monthly convocations for worship, special Christmas and Easter convocations, and for the senior baccalaureate service. Director Stewart has called the first rehearsal of the year for 4 o’clock this afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. Names of those who should report at this time will be found in the notice column.
Elecirical Engineers Plan
Adivities For Fiscal Year
Under the leadership of R. D. Birge, chairman, the American Institute of Electrical Engineering is designing activities for the fiscal year. L. F. Schaefer,' secretary of the organization, announced yesterday. “The plans for the present year of activities will be varied in such form that all University students will be interested in the programs.” Officers elected last May for the present year are: R. D. Birge, chairman; H. F. Wells, vice-chairman; L. C. Schaefer, secretary; W. H. Wood, treasurer; R. L. Curtner, senior representative; D. S. Mortenson, junior representative; and V. B. Cones, sophomore representative. Prof. J. H. Bowman acts as the A. I. E. E. counselor;
REGISTRATION PAY CHECKS
Persons who worked for the Registrar during the fall registration may obtain^their pay checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. R. B. STONEf Registrar.
First Pep Session Set For Friday Evening At 7 p. m. Bonfire, Speedies To Follow Parade To Field House
Of University Students And West Lafayette Citizens
Starting from the village at 7 o’clock Friday night. University students and townspeople will parade to the Field House to stage the first pep session of the semester at 7:30, preceding Saturday’s Butler-Purdue football game—a contest that marks the fiftieth year of gridiron competition between the two schools.
Definite arrangements regarding speakers for the noisefest have not been cqmpleted, but officers of Gimlet and Reamer clubs, organizations back of the affair, said last night they were trying to get Gov. M. Clifford TowUsend, Indianapolis’ Mayor Walter Boettcher, President E. C. Elliott, and Mayors Morgan and Teal, of West Lafayette and Lafayette, respectively, to talk. Other speakers will include Boilermaker Captain Marty Schreyer, Cecil Isbell and perhaps other members of the Purdue squad. A huge bonfire on the hill back of Ross-Ade Stadium will lend background to Friday night’s scene at the Field House. Members of Gimlet and Reamer plan to drive around in trucks that afternoon to gather wood for the fire. Merchants of Lafayette and West Lafayette are asked to leave packing boxes and crates—any combustible material—in front of their stores Friday, so students collecting bonfire fuel may pick it up.
Twenfy-
-Five Women Enroll
In Horseback Riding Class
Twenty-five co-eds have enrolled in the P. E. W. horesback riding classes. The classes are again undet the direction of William Schultze of the Purdue riding stable. Miss Helen Hazelton of the P. E. W. department has announced that if more co-eds turn out for riding a horse show will be held later in the semester. Co-eds who wish to go out for riding may sign up in the Women’s Gym any time this week.
Engineer Calls For Frosh, Sophomores
All aspirants for business or editorial positions on the staff of the Purdue Engineer are asked to attend an open meeting tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock at the Engineer office in the Memorial Union Building by Editor D. D. Baals. This call includes both freshmen and sophomoi’es. In a yearly contest sponsored by M. I, T. the Engineer was judged as “the outstanding undergraduate technical publication in the country.” In addition to features of last year—engineering articles, the Engineering Forum, Hot Rivets page, and the Campus Calendar, the 1938 publication will contain sections devoted to meeting instructors and knowing the University. Articles written by students on the campus will be emphasized, but material by prominent alumni and faculty members will be included. Purdue research and new engineering developments will serve as the basis of the editorial content of the magazine. The Purdue Engineer will be published in eight monthly issues at a subscription rate of one dollar.
FRESHMEN WOMEN
All girls desiring to work for the Exponent meet in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4:30 p. m., September 23. ELIZABETH PYKE,
Fraternities Release Pledge Lists; Outlook Much Brighter Than Last Year
Announcement of a partial pledge list last night by University fraternities indicate that conditions are even better than last year for the Greek organizations. Large lists from submitted groups indicate that each house is filled to the limit. The remainder of the pledge lists must be placed in the Exponent’s Union box today. Alpha Kappa Lambda—E. Barrett, Cambridge City; M. Brinduse, Anderson; F. M. Conklin, Cambridge City; G. W. Marsen, Cambridge City; E. J. Ponczek, LaPorte; J. M. Smith, Wyoming, 0.; R. L. Strahl, Gary; M. D. Ross, W. Lafayette; G. Nicklas, LaPorte; W. A. Hardesty, Indianapolis. Beta Sigma Psi—R. H. Bergstedt, Garrett; R. L. Burger, Niles, Mich.; V. 0. Droege, LaPorte; A.C. Goerss, Fort Wayne; R. H. Greenfield, Schenectady, N. Y.; G. P. Hallade, Racine, Wis.; E. P. Navta, Whiting; H. R. Resner, Indianapolis; T. W. Schulenborg, Dillsboro; J. J. Vana, E. Chicago; J. J. Stephens, E. Chicago. Beta Theta Pi—Robert Hai^rison Kilgore, Akron, O.; William Huggin Lindsay, Louisville, Ky.; William Francis Hartnett, Akron, 0.; Theodore Pershing Axton, Louisville, Ky.; Robert Newell Brown, Columbus; Robert Wallace Van Hook, Lake Wood, 0?; Jasper Messmore, Kansas City, Mo.; Richard Leech Elton, Kansas City, Mo; Daniel Kay Cummings, Ottawa, 111.; Harold BrUce Williams, Indianapolis; John Henzel Winchell, Indianapolis; Stanley Middleton, Ottawa, 111. . ' « 1 Delta Upsilonj^M. D. Perkins, Youngstown, 0.; J. D. Tayjor, Indianapolis; J, G. English, Belleville,
N. J.; G. S. Welch, Wilmington, Del.; D. F. Ward, Olean, N. Y.; B. jG. Halstead, Indianapolis; G. K Smith, Greenfield; J. F. Stenberg, Elkhart; L. H. Jones, Sharon, Pa.; R. M. Storeby, Indianapolis; A. L. Strickland, Youngstown, O.; J. Fletcher, Akron, O.; A.' B. Clark, Akron, 0.; H. C. Leland, Dayton, O. ; R. H. Dunham, Evanston, 111.; W. M. Lennox, Akron, 0.; R. R. Tilt, Hudson, O.; M. Erickson, of Brookstown. Kappa Delta Rho—0. N. Bailey',* Anderson; L. L. Bushong, Andersqn; A., Jankowski, New York, N. Y.; 'D. Woodward, .East St. Louis, 111.; A. M. Krass, Indianapolis; C. Krzewinski, Western Springs, 111.; R. R. Lisius, Crown Point; J. Hoffman, Hammond. Kappa Sigma—J. A. Black, Logansport; J. B. Burkhardt, Chicago, 111.; J. H. Forrester, Jr., Syracuse, N. Y.; T. R. Lowe, Logansport; A. Beddoe, St. Louis, Mo.; S. Campbell, Winnetka, 111.; H. F. Timperman, New Albany; J. S. Green, Chicago, 111.; J. C. Layson, Logansport; C. L. Keyes, Peru; G. J. Steinmetz, Indianapolis; W, B. Weiss, Chicago, 111.; G. O. Brough, Logansport; D. E. Rohrbaugh, Logansport; R. W. McMasters, Peoria, 111.; J. ' M. Crump, Dallas, Tex.; F. M. Mon-" tague, Noblesville.- ' Lambda Chi Alpha—John A. Beeson, Huntington; C. E. Blocker, Huntington; J. Christy, St. Louis, Mo.; V. Flaherty, Loraine, 0.; G. O. Gale, Peterson, Mass.; J. Johnson, Antwerp, 0.; J. Kennedy, Lorhine, 0.; R. A. Krull, Hobart;. T. D. Lantz, Anderson; S. Legg, Windfall; F. R. Miller, Richmond; T. C. Noland, Woods Hole, Mass.; D. Rankin, Warsaw; G. J. Sauter, Hobart; E. P. Slick, Walkerton; C. P. Voller,
Springfield, O.; J. Wadsworth, Barberton, 0.; H. D. Warning, Fort Wayne; R. C. Wehrenberg, Fort Wayne; F. W. Vollmer, Rooseevelt, L. I., N. Y. ° Phi Delta Theta—P. V. Allemang, South Bend; W. I. Ballentine, Jr., LaPorte; H. M. Bramberry, Jr., Newcastle; R. S. Colquhoun, Shaker Heights, 0.; L. H. Grey, Chicago, 111.; F. H. Harrison, Chicago, 111.; C. W. Hosier, Jr., Dayton, O.; D. H. Jackson, Mt, Vernon, O.; Joe Kelley, Lafayette; J. L. Kirsch, Oak Park, 111.; R. H. Laukhart, Riverside, 111.; Jim Overtree, Indianapolis; R. J. Ripy, Lawrenceburg, Ky.; R. A. Socker, Indianapolis. Phi Gamma Delta—D. E. Travis, St. Clairesville, 0.; V. C. Beebe, Jr., Kenilworth, HI.; T. N. Wayne, Jr., Indianapolis; C. E. Meyer, Indianapolis; S. D. Marquis, Jr., Evanston, 111.; W. A. Smith, Pasadena, Calif.; J. Q. Mueller, Hammond; J. N. Lemon, Richmond; J. Dobson, Cleveland, 0.; F. H. Burrows, Topeka, Kari. Phi Pi Phi—H. W. Chalberg, Evvanston, 111.; R. C. Durkin, Chicago; E. J, Kovara, Racine, Wis.; G. Mhlinoff, Joliett, 111.; E. F. Sullivan, Hazel Crest, 111.; W. W. Weijola, Chicago, 111. C. C. Reeves, Dayton, O.; W. L. Roth, Hammond; G. W. Baker, Cleveland, 0.; G. F. Moore, West Lafayette; K. Smith, West Lafayette; R. L. Durham, Lafayette; R. C. Potter, Sioux Fajls, S. D.; and C. A. Heidbreder, Quincy, 111. Phi Kappa—W. S. Baker, Akron, 0.; C. J. Schubert, Sullivan; E. P. Czark, Mt. Vernon; Charles M. Hartzell, Richmond; William T. Mahan, Madisonville, Ky.; Richard E, Jansing, Cincinnati, O.; Volney A. Cheney, Chicago; Francis W.
Bloom, Chicago; Henry T. Wyzykowski, New York City; Frank E. Pielsjticker,' Indianapolis; Fritz J. O’Conner, Logansport; Jack E. Calligan, Chicago; Clare W. Raynor, Chicago; Frank A. Gustainis, Chicago; Charles N. Moser, Hammond; Stephen A. Von Glahn, Long Beach, N. Y.; Michael D. Nau, Hammond; and Frank X. Starchach, Chicago.
Pi Kappa Alpha—W. B. Adam, Chicago, 111.; A. H. Allen, Kalamazoo, Mich.; J. W. Benjamin, Marion; B. H. Bliss, W. FarmvilTe, Va.; J. R. Chase, Chicago, III.; B. F. Meron, Indianapolis; M. lipvachevich, of Gary; J. G. Luceh, Cleveland, O.; R. H. Morrison, Chicago, 111.; R. B. Peterson, Plainfield, N. J.; G. C. Rienke. South Bend; S. T. Robertson, Patterson, N. J.; R. Robertson, Kenilworth, 111.; E. L. Schwai’tz, Huntingburg; T. Trimble, Evansville.
Phi Kappa Psi—W. W. Baughman, Alfron, 0.; W.G. Bender, Pittsburgh, Pa.; R. G. Carlson, Meadville Pa.; M. L. Clevett, West Lafayette; N. C. Gaddis, Anderson; J. E. Gardner, Quincy, 111.; B. H. Gedge, Shaker Heights, O.; F. R. Henderer, Gary; R. A. Hoffer, West Lafayette; W. T. Keenan, Chicago; W. C. Mossburg, Kokomo; H. F. Olney, E^ist Chicago; D. C. Rhodes, Clay City; C. J. Sommer, Peoria, 111.; R. D. Taylor, I^evrtown, la.; J. C. Van Horn, Indianapolis.
Phi Sigma Kappa—A. Atherton, East Orange, N.J.; J. Collins, Huntingburg; W. M. Curtis, New Haven, Conn.; G. Doty, Petersburg; E. M. Elkin, Pittsburgh, Pa.; F. W. Fisher, Winchester; H. W. Heubner, Princeton; R. Igney, Rossville; G. H. Kegerreis, Hartford City; E. E. McClarren, Crawfordsville; G. Witsman, Frankfort.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon — Robert Aldag, Indianapolis; Rex Chamberlin, Lafayette; George Dahl, West Lafayette; Wiliam Hedden, New Albany; John Henderson, Chicago; William Huls, Jr., Cincinnati, O.; David M. Light, Chicago, 111.; Henry Luhrman, Cincinnati, O.; Richard Oblinger, Cuyahoga Falls, O.; James Ogden, Louisville, Ky.; Donald Rosenthal, East Orange, N. J.; Claude Singer, Vincennes; James Sperry, Nashville; Myron Stepath, Springfield; Richard Wetsel, Akron, 0.; Rodney Wetsel, Akron, O.; and John Weist, Connersville. Sigma Alpha Mu—N. Arkin, Chicago; A. S. Graves, Brookline, Mass.; G. Brick, St. Louis, Mo.; H. Poll, Chicago; W. DuBroff, Chicago; B. Gottlieb, Jersey City, N. J.; R. Fisjikin, Milwaukee, Wis.; M. L. Mass, River Forest, 111.; S. Resnick, New York City; H. Schildmeier, Indianapolis; H. Leshner, Hamilton, O.; and S. Krakower, Patterson, N. J.
Geoffrey Armstrong, Indianapolis; Robert W. Anderson, Indianapolis; J. Robert Scribbens, Kewanee, 111.; Harry C. Dees, Bicknell; Robert P. Bratten, Ft. Worth, Tex.; A. H. Steenrod, Jr., Freeport, HI.; George T. Sollitt, Jr., Evanston, III.; Morgan Meyer, Greensburg; and John M. Parrett, Jr., Princeton.
Sigma Pi-—F. Bykowski, South Bend; R. Cassity, Spiceland; W* Clark, Cleveland, O.; J. Close, Fort Wayne; K. Davis, Richmond; G. Etnyre, Oregon, 111.; E. Fawcett, Greentown; J. Felix, South Bend; L. Hill, Columbia City; C. Jackman, Chilicothe, O.; A. Knoblet, Indianapolis; K. Kuebler, Jasper.
W. Lawson, Newport, R. I.; W. Meek, Richmond; W. Mitchell, Port Wayne; D. Newton, Jasper; J. Clurand, Toledo, O.; B. Serowick, Schenectady, N. Y.; W. Sherwood, White Plains, N. Y.; R. Sogge, Schenectady, N. Y.; and J. Stahn, Fort Wayne.
Sigma Chi—J. M.- Brophy, Chicago, 111.; H. S. Badet, South Bend; J. B. Furstenberg, Denver, Colo.; D. J. Rooney, Chicago, 111.; C. N. Coates, Winchester; R. H. Craig, Noblesville; C. F. Martin, Dayton, 0.; G. K. Hughel, Anderson; N. B. Collings, Washington, D. C.; W. G. Skelton, Champaign, 111.; C. R. Starbuck, Willington, 0.; W. Taylor, Lafayette; J. McKee, Lafayette.
Sigma Nu—Paul L. Hamman, Robinson, 111.; Andrew Day, Tei're Haute; Kenneth Harker, West Lafayette; Donald G. Malcolm; Indianapolis; Wajter B. Williams', Omaha, Neb.; William W. VanArsdol, Muncie; William A. Illsley, Evanston, 111.; Brixce A. Yates, Little Rock, Ark.; Robert 0. Potter, Winnetka, 111. * .
Tau Epsilon Phi—A. Berger, New York City; H. Brilliant, Brookline, Mass.; W. Dashefsky, Newark, N. J.; D, Katz, Newburgh, N. Y.j A. B. Levin, Chicago; L. B. Rubenstein, Cleveland, O. Soloff, South Bend;, Swedarsky, South Bend; J.
Schwartz, Gax*y; W. Webei‘, Clearwater, Fla.; H. W. Weiner, Whitipg;
and H. S. Wild, Indianapolis.
Theta Chi—G. O. Palmer, Mishawaka; J. E, Blank, Michigan City; J. M. Burdge, Tipton; E. Dearie, Mount Prospect, III.; J, W. Whitson, Knox; F. L. Tru^, Monrovia; E. C, Olson, Portland; J. C. Holloway, Jr„ Indianapolis; F. G, Breiner, Indian-, apotis; R. L. Keck, Flandreau, S, Dak.; W. J, McDowell, Flandreau, S. Dak.; H, E. Butcher, Evanston, III.; J. Iryin, Indianapolis.A*
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
r'P c. D t r« ^sociated @bUe9tate
RCPRESKNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service^ Inc College Pabtishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANOELES • PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Editorial Phone 5037
Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038
Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
...J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS . _ R. H. Dyer, M. S. Estey, L C. Farquhar, G. W. Fredericks, K. C. Houston, R E Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, G. Mueller, D. L. Olson, D. Paarlberg, J. W. Richey, G. T. Tafel, D. G. Terrio,
J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Kathryn Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan
Wimborough.
BUSINESS MANAGER . ... D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized' Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR J. P.,Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MGR R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER .. M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS .. W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS ' J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Breuer, C. W Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls.
EXPONENT PLATFORM Improve student housing conditions. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
Remember The Word ‘Balance’ Studies! Activities! Social life! Freshmen will hear those three words mentioned innumerable times in the next few years, for in all probability a student’s_ success will depend more upon how he qualifies in each of these three topics than anything else. One of the moSt difficult things for any student to do is to remember that all three of these divisions of student life depend on one another; invariably the average undergraduate falls into one of the three divisions and forgets about the other two. Take notice of the average students surrounding you. One will fall in the class of the scholar, the person who obtains a good scholastic standing, but pays very little attention to activities or to social life. As a result his field of culture narrows down to the particular type of profession he is studying. Without social life he makes very few friends outside of the few more intimate friends surrounding him every day. Other students take the stand that they are going to be successful in activities even
if the other two divisions do suffer. As a result they know little about the course in which they are enrolled and fail to receive benefits of a well balanced social life. A third and very common type is the student who thinks a university makes a fine country club and promptly forgets there are such things as studies or activities. Outside of having a good time this student gains very little from his college career. Every once in a while there appears a student who is mindful of the fact that all three fields are necessary; if one is neglected for the other the student suffers. Almost without exception this student will be among the outstanding men on the campus; and in all probability he will be successful after he graduates. It might be well for many students to look at the most successful students when they feel themselves falling into one line of school life at the expense of the others, and copy some of their ways. In other words, keep the three most important phases of student life balanced. Almost without exception that pays dividends in the end. —C. D. S.
THOUGHTS WHILE KAMPUSSING: Even with new floor and refinished table tops. Sweet Shop is exactly the same. There are Still the 4 o’clock jams—Physics Building addition, gleamingly new Field House, and I wager not one student out of ten has noticed the new sec-' ond-story addition to the Service and Stores. Lillian Peterson certainly adds that certain something to the Grill —I hear bacteriology lecture has 150 eds AND 150 co-eds—disillusion Joan DeBeouf of the Residence Hall whose name sounds like Paris itself, is from Gary, Indiana. Personal nomination for most congenial faculty member: Dave Clark. There are some mighty mangy moustaches going around the campus but we have seen none yet as unnoticeable as those belonging to Bill Bailey, Carl Sadler, John Conway, and Dick Craig. Prom all reports, Conway and Craig have resorted to eyebrow pencil. If you didn’t attend the GouldMarquis wedding last Sunday, you certainly missed something. We never saw so many grads at one time. The affair seemed to be a Debris monopoly with the ’36 editor and business manager and ’37 co-editor as principals. Stately is the only word that describes Jeanne Janousek as she walked down the aisle as bridesmaid. And why is there always more tcais at a wedding than at a funeral? We noticed Mary Alice Masters and Joan Hall off to one side bedding copious quantities. While on the Debris, why does ^it Siebenthal have such a high re4aid foi hospitals? Can it be a .1111 se ? And then there is the co-ed who lead the W. S. G. A. book this summer and noticed the item saying no
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“This job has done me some good—I’ve learned to smoke without inhaling.”
Now is the time to get started if you expect to turn in a good attendance record and a distinguished rating scholarship index for this semester. Don’t forget that two most important rules in accomplishing either of these aims are: get off to a flying start, and don’t let any exceptions occur.
One bright fellow suggests that in connection with our student housing program we investigate sleeping conditions in classrooms.
By Mary Cooley “Southerners do not stutter as much as persons from other sections,” said Robert Milksen, head of the Indiana Speech .clinic, at an annual convention of Arkansas stutterers. “Uusually they talk too slowly, and are too tired to stutter,” he explained. Milisen’s investigations showed stutteiex’s were more inclined to “brood” than other persons. Ji V * Thousands of boys and girls between 2 and 14 years of age are having their measurements taken by Pennsylvania State College home economics research workers. The purpose of this project is an attempt to standardize garment sizes for children in connection with a Federal project to discourage manufacture of ill fitting clothes. The workers have to measure the children’s bodies 35 different ways. When the study rs completed, directors will “pool” their findings in the hope of averaging sizes according to environment and rate of growth. 4' •f 'K New York co-eds intend to marry "men of brains, character, adequate incomes and a nice sense of humor.” Sounds a little like bigamy, don’t you think ? >ii * * "t. Eleanor Powell and Nelson Eddy are making a movie, “Rosalee” which
includes West Point as a background. This musical comedy, popular on Broadway about eight years ago, has been rewritten by William Anthony McGuire, who wrote the Great Ziegfeld. The plot deals with a princess attending Vassar incognito (Eleanor Powell); her cadet (Nelson Eddy) ; and the king and queen (Frank Morgan and Edna Mae Oliver). Scenes are to include visits of the royal family at West Point, the Army-Navy game, and the flashing West Point parades. * t .1= 4The German.professor rapped on his desk and yelled, “Gentlemen, order!” The entire class shouted “Beer!” ^ sf. ^ P" “The butcher is the closest friend of young brides and women customers,” Mrs. Sam McBirney said to the meat retailers enrolled in a short course on the Ojclahoma A. and M. campus. She told them they would best advertise “the ways to prepare your meats as well as your wares.” Student Alliance To Hear Murphy Talk On Heutrality The Pui due Student Alliance will meet toiporrow at 7:45 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Chairman Buckles, presiding officer, will introduce Professor “Chhrlie” Murphy, of the University history and economics department. Pi'ofesbor Murphy has selected as his subject one of the timely topics
of the day, “Changing Concepts of Neutrality.” Buckles invites interested persons to attend the meeting.
Today — Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
The reckless and romantic ERROL as an adventurer with a scorn for death and a lust for Life!
—PLUS— “THE QUITTER” with Charley Grapewine Emma Dunn Wm. Bakewell
Nights and Sundays Matinees
25c 20c
Mms TODAY - WEDNESDAY with younS romance I
co-ed could attend Friday-nite mixers with unremoved C’s, D’s, or yellow slips, and saw no reason why the University should control what a girl wears to a dance.
tUIIA TODAY . WEDNESDAY
miitMwwaMi
BISJ6ITY BOMBIICEl O'Lan of "The Good Earth"... Manuel <d "Captains Coura« geous ll.nowteamed in a mighty love story of the, metropolis! A Metro* Qoldwyn- . Mayer Picture
ARC
Today and Wednesday ANN SOTHERN and ROBERT YOUNG in “Dangerous Number” —Also— NOAH BEERY, JR. in “The Mighty Treve” plus POP EYE CARTOON
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
TODAY,- WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE WARNER OLAND IN “CHARLIE CHAN AT THE OLYMPICS” —PLUS— CHARLIE RUGGLES ELEANORE WHITNEY IN “TURN OFF THE MOON”
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students.
527 Main
Phone 5432
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Confectionery ■— Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Locksmith
“C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J, SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Shoe Repair —• BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Jewelry
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Perry St.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street — Tailor -— sparrendahl Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
— Photography -— Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West LafayetteTuesday, Sejptember 21.1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
1500 Students Depend On Intramural Athletic Program Fer Year's Recreation By R. L. McDonald Behind the scenes of Boilermaker athletics exists one of the most thoroughly organized and extensive sports programs in the University. Furnishing approximately 1,500 students the opportunity to engage in competitive sports, the ward intramural athletic program, under the supervision of M. L. Clevett, is one of the most extensive student-run organizations in the school. The intramural department’s ward athletic program goes on throughout the year, providing an outlet for pent-up enthusiasm in the form of competitive athletics. Beginning with a senior ward manager, who has worked his way up from the ranks, the personnel consists of two junior assistants and a whole flock of sophomores who carry out the infinite details which precede each day’s program. Registration Cards Used From the thousands of cards that were signed during registration, on which each student lists the different sports in which he would like to participate, the 16 intramural wards are determined. An effort is made to obtain an equal number of unorganized participants in each ward. Some one volunteers to act as ward manager and the organization is complete, all set for the entire year's play. The program for the year is an extensive orte, the fall progr^ alone consisting of six separate
events. These include softball, crosscountry, golf, touchball, basketball, swimming, and baseball. Program Is Free The entire sports program is furnished absolutely free to the unorganized student, all equipment except wearing apparel being provided by the intramural department. The awards are furnished by the Reamer Club, which each year sets aside $150 for this purpose. The backbone of the entire organization is the 16 ward managers who organize the teams, assemble them for play, and handle other minute details of organization. Their reward for the year’s work is a medal fob and the opportunity to try out for the senior managership. To date wards 1, 4, 7, 8, and 12 are without managers. Objective The objective of the entire program is to provide the unorganized students who desire to participate in competitive sports the opportunity to enjoy the athletic facilities of the University free of charge and in an orderly mailer. Individuals may
Boilermakers, Butler Revive Grid Classic The Gold and Black gridmen will celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of their rivalry with^ Butler as they meet the Bulldogs here this Saturday in Ross-Ade Stadium. However, the local boys hope to do better against their ancient rivals than did the Boilermaker squad of half a century ago, when the Butler squad ran through, around, and over to the merry tune of 48 to 6. Saturday, in addition to marking the golden anniversary of ButlerPurdue rivalry, will also be celebrated as Boy Scout Day. Several thousand Scouts from this part of the state will be the guests of the athletic department at the game. Adding color to the pre-game period will be thd traditional parade of seniors wearing their new corduroy trousers, their dex’bies, and Lheir moustaches, providing that these oi'naments of the upper lip have withstood the ravages of the Creshmen. According to advance ticket sales a record opening day crowd will be on hand for the kick-off. Howevqr, here are still plenty of good reserved seats, and several thousand bargain general admission tickets will be placed on sale at game time.
'earn the number of their ward and its_^manager by phoning the intramural departnfent office. Watch the Exponent for the time of play.
Softball Schedule
' —TODAY—4:15— Diamond 1— Triangle vs. 2— Alpha Tau Oi^ga vs. Delta Tau Delta 3— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Sigma Kappa 4— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma 5— Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 6— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon 7— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi 8— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Gamma Delta 9— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Faculty 10— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda 11— -Beta Theta Pi fs. Delta U^silon 12— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Nu' 13— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa 14— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Chi 15— Theta Xi vs. Theta Tau 16— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 17— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Beta Sigma Psi 18— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Chi.
SPORTS WRITERS WANTED All sophomores and freshmen interested in working on the Exponent sports staff will please meet in the Scrivener’s room in the Union Building at 4:30 this afternoon. —OBENCHAIN.
A FOOTBALL EXPERT TELLS YOU IN THIS WEEK’S POST
"VirrHAT’S the football forecast? Good, bad, or medium? What men from here will be in headlines ? Here’s a football expert’s prophecy, and a team-by-team appraisal of your competition. Over 200 players are named, the choice of coaches and sportswriters for fame this year. How the new kickoff and forward pass rules will change the game. Who’s paying for players this year and who isn’t. Pages of good dope, enough to make you a oneman expert, and dinner table marvel. Don’t miss it. Pigskin Preview by FRANCIS WALLACE AUTHOR OF "I AU A FOOTBALL FIXER”,
\
IN THE SAME ISSUE SEVEN MUST DIE. Begin a peach of a South Sea mysterya Thirteen on an adventure cruise that gets too dangerous for comfort. Second of seven parts. Byjames Warner Bellah. FOUR SHORT STORIES by George S. Brooks, Dorothy Thomas, Ray Millholland, and Arthur Train. FOUR MORE SPECIAL FEATURES. What the newspapers didn’t print about the White House fight on the Court. Plus more articles, serials, cartoons, humor and what not. Pick up your copy at the newsstand now! NEXT WEEK DON’T MISS A new romantic novel, “And One Was Beautiful,” by Alice Duer Miller. A young girl’s Jove for a man the world condemned. Here’s a plot that will keep you in suspense from the first page. In six parts starting next week.
you haven’t received your copy of “1937 Football Schedules,” showing new rule changes, this year’s games^ m im llll■E■■ and 1936 scores of 119 leading colleges, ask at the business office of the paper publishing this advertisement.
T"l * 1 "l' f Fielder s Choice
Well, now you've seen the '37 football squad in action, if not against an outside opponent, at least in a scrimmage ... It would seem.that the consensus of sports writers is about right so far . . . They seem to be an unknown quantity . . There are several sophs who look like they should be able to plug the holes left by last year’s grads in fine style, but until we see them out on the greensward in a regular game about all that we can do is hope and pray. —fCyElsewhere on this page you will notice or have noticed, a few words anent the intramural department, its functions, doings, etc. To all you wearers of the green pot we would advise that you take advantage of the opportunities offered by Chief” Clevett’s department, if you haven’t done so already .. Drop around to the Gym this afternoon for a swim or to shoot a few baskets . All the equipment for any game you can think of and for a few you never heard of is on hand, and may be used for the asking. —fc— The Saturday Evening Post has published a fine little booklet with this season’s football schedules for 119 colleges throughout the country, with places to write the scores, and also last year’s score’s ... It also contains some interesting facts such as rule changes, a list of penalties, and a history of last year’s football highlights . . . All in all, a mighty handy little book. Sophs Distribute Footbail Tickets “Watch Us Go For Nobe” was the cry of University students as Skull and Crescent members began to distribute stickers bearing this catch-phrase yesterday evening and this morning. The stickers, which can be attached to automobiles and home or store windows', are about four by seven inches in size, and have black lettering on a gold background. They will be distributed to organizations and students all over the campus at no cost. If the 1,000 stickers which are being printed should prove popular with the student body, additional stickers will probably be run off to meet with the demand.
STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New Yoi’k
.... 85
53
.616
Chicago ...
.... 84
57
.595
St. Louis
... 75
66
.532
Pittsburgh
75
66
.532
Boston
.... 71
70
.504
Brooklyn
.. 61
80
.432
Cincinnati . .
.. 55
84
.396
Philadelphia . .
... 55
85
.393
—Results—
New York, 10
St. Louis, 3.
Chicago, 5; Brooklyn, 4.
Only games scheduled.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
. 94
45
.676
Detroit
.... 83
57
.592
Chicago
.. . 78
62
.557
Boston
.. 72
64
.529
Cleveland
74
66
.529
Washington
67
73
.479
Philadelphia ...
47
91
.341
St. Louis
.... 42
99
.297
—Results—
St. Louis, 8-5;
Boston,
6-7.
New York, 5;
Detroit,
0.
\ Only games scheduled.
YELL LEADERf All interested in trying out for cheer leader should report to the Stadium at 4 p. m. today. WELLBROCK.
Dolphin Club To Condwt Annual Swimming School ForFrosbROTCSfudents By B. D. Witwer “Chief” Clevett, intramural mentor, mentioned yesterday that the Dolphin swimming club was once more all set to take over the heartrending duty of teaching the freshmen miltarists how to paddle their own in the watery depths, or, in common vernacular, to swim. Traditional Fifteen years ago saw the first effort in this direction. It has now become traditional for the school to take the floundering frosh under its protective wing and prepare them aquatically for the things that they will encoxmter when they exit from this august institution into the cruel world. For the past two years the Dolphins, Pm-due’s only challenge to the names of Davey Jones and^ng Neptune in the roster of the gjeats of the swimming world, haveloeen tendering their invaluable assistance^^this annual struggle. Novices Taught Every year, those first year men who are unable to hold their own and keep from drowning when they are immersed in concentrated H2 O, are weeded out from those who can, and are given instructions. This instruction period consists of thtee lessons per week, and by this time a good half of the students have absorbed enough rudiments of the art to be graduated with honors. Others who have had trouble mastering their strokes are given additional teaching until they are polished paddlers, when they too, exit from the class with new and higher aspirations. Strength Needed September 30th is the date set aside for the beginning of military swimming so that all Dolphins who are to act as instructors can stai’t saving up their strength for this soul-saving event. Ether Sport's Commentator Repeats Broadcast Series This is a sure sign that the football season is on again. Eddie Dooley, Dartmouth’s famous All-Amer-ican quarterback is on the air again, over the Columbia Coast-to-Coast network every Thursday and Saturday with his last minute football news. The Dooley football programs, sponsored by the makers of Chesterfield cigarettes, will be on a larger scale than ever before. Two complete talks on each broadcast will be given; one at 6:30 p. m. (EST) for the East and Middle West, and one at 8:30 p. m. (EST) to cover the games for the fans in the Rocky Mountain States and the Far West. In addition to his uncanny predictions of the week-end results and reviews of the highlights, Dooley plans to have leading football authorities and coaches as guests on his programs from time to time. The announcing will be done by Paul Douglas, who is himself one of radio’s best known sports commentators. Wilma Miller Accepts New Position On DePauw Staft Wilma Miller, former foods instructor in the home economics department at Purdue, has accepted a position on the staff of DePauw University. Under the supervision of Dr. Cecelia Schuck of Purdue’s foods and nutrition department, Miss Miller investigated the use of the biophotometer for the measurement of vitamin A storage in humans and used this for her thesis problem this summer. She was awarded her master’s degree at the close of the 1937 summer term.
BALLET CLASS OPENS FOR YOUNG LADIES Wednesday, Sept. 22, 7:30 P. M. Enroll Now—Phone 2150 This course will improve your tap and ball-
room dancing.
Enroll in Our Ballroom Classes Advanced, Thursday, 7:00 P. M. Beginners, Friday, 7:00 P. M.
6th & Ferry
P. M. Allen, Instructor
ALLEN’S.
■u<■ t
hf Y;1
■WfJ^ 't^.'
, ’'k-
I
i
\
I
if. 4
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# September 21# 1937
Distinguished Sophomores
Wiii Attend Atpha Lambda
WAA Cabin Scene Of Open House Sunday Afternoon
Delta Pledge Tea Sept. 29
Plans for Alpha Lambda Delta pledge tea, to be held September 29, from 4-16 to 5 16 p. m. were made at the freshman co-ed honorary’s first meeting this semester. Invitations to pledge will be sent to the nine sophomoie women who made distinguished last semester, and the pledging will take place at the tea, wdiich pledges, actives and collegian alumni will attend.
A committee of tea ariangements headed by Catherine Cooley with membeis Patiicia Heine and Shirley Anderson was appointed by Ruth Randall, presiding president.
Ceitificates of membership were given to all old members yesterday. Initiation will precede a sunrise breakfast to be held Sunday, October 24. A similar program was followed last year.
Prospective pledges are: Mary Beko, Lucy Demoret, Margaret Crankshaw, Katherine Henderson, Bonita House, Rosemary Ince, Marietta Johnson, Mary Frances McLaughlin, Margaret Mathes.
W6AA Head Wil! Audition
Embryo Radio Announcers
WBAA wull hold auditions for new announcers on September 27 at 2 o’clock m the main studios of WBAA on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. This call for prospective announcers was issued by Gilbert Dunbar Williams, program production manager for the station. In his call, Williams stated that no one who has previously audi tioned for the announcing staff will be permitted to take the audition next Monday. However, the call applies to anyone else desiring to do radio announcing. Those who have alieady been auditioned should see Williams personally at another time
Graves Will Lead Graduate Forum
“Sino-Japanese ^ilelations” was the subject of a speech by Prof G. H Graves of the math department while he spoke before the Graduate Forum at Wesley Foundation this evening at 6‘30 for their first meeting of the school year. T. G. How of the pjiysics department was chairman for the evening when Graves later lead the Forum in a discussion of the relation between the United States and the war in China, and also what the aveiage American citizen can do to keep this country out of war. The Forum meets every Sunday at 6 30 p. m and may be attended by anyone, although it is particularly for graduate students. Leading faculty members spoke at the Forum meetings which were held all last year.
. A hobo with a “good line of talk” can make between $3 and $10 a day, declares Dr. William Bailey, economist and former Yale University piofessor, who conducted boarding house for knights of the road in ordei to study them.
Weird inventions pictuied in the pseudo-scientific magazines will no doubt become a reality by the yeai 2030, explained Ernest L Foss, of General Motors, to students at the Univeisity of Michigan. As an illustiation, Foss described submaiine ti actors which will harvest undeisea giowths.
Monday, radio chimes became school bells for 315,000 Chicago giade school pupils as school teacheis took over microphones as a substitute for classroom exercises after infantile paralysis had delayed school since Septembei 7
Paidlysis cases became fewei duiing the next few days, so that the city’s 37 hjgh schools opened Thursday to 165,000 pupils. Elemental y school childien, however, continued then ladio education till the week-end
Following elder biothei James’ footsteps, John Roosevelt announced Monday, his engagement to the daughtei of a socially piomin^nt Boston family Fiancee Anne Lindsay Clark now weais John’s diamond ring; March ended a pievious troth with Samuel Sands, stepgiandson o| W. K Vandeibilt,
Open house, which will be held by the W. A. A. chairmen on Sunday, September 26, at the W. A. A. cabin from 3 to 6 p. m. will be open to any student or member of the faculty.
The W. A. A. cabin is well equipped with horseshoe pits, ping-pong tables, a small library, and facilities for picnicking. New equipment for the cabin is added annually by the W. A A.
Co-eds may take dates to the cabin with the permission of the P. E. W. staff, and if a cabin leader accompanies the party. Noh-membfers may use the cabin upon payment of ten cents per person. Muriel Sands, Edith Whinery, Lillian Davis, and Marjorie Rogers are members of the managing committee which has charge of the care of the cabin and its finances.
Philatelic Society Will Display Stamp Exhibit
Lafayette’s biggest postage stamp exhibit will be on display in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building on September 29 from 11‘50 a. m. until the first fall meeting of thte Lafayette Philatelic Society opens at about 8 p. m. The exhibit will include over eight thou sand dollars worth of stamps, oc cording to Scy^iety officials.
Henry Miller, president, has issued an invitation urging everyone owning stamps to place a selected collection on display. All stamps must be mounted under glass in pic ture frames and will be fully covered by insurance.
Persons interested in showing stamps should telephone Dicken Conner, 36624, or Henry Miiiei, 5057, before 6.45 p. m. tomorrow
Sophomore Union Workers Sophomores inteiested in Student Union activity work are requested by president Tom Sheets to report to the Student office on the second floor of the Memorial Union Build ing any time between 4 and 5:30 o’clock today.
“Pigs Is Pigs” still, but the world has been without the famed author of the story, Ellis Parker Butler, since he died Monday in Housatonic, Mass.
Local Ads
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $16.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
Student and fraternity washings 6c Tpound for flat work ironed and student bundles finished. Phone 76402, Shearm Laundry.
FOR RENT—One nice double room, 605 University street. Telephone 45392.
LOST—Lady’s diamond ring on campus, probably in Union Liberal reward. Call 71814.
STUDENTS — And fiaternity wash, 6c pound for flat work ironed and student bundles finished. Phone 75402 Shearm Laundry.
Notices
Alpha Phi Omega — Meeting Wednesday September 22, at 7 30 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building All members must be present —MOORE
Delta Rho Kappa—Members must attend a short meeting at 4 p m September 21 in room F of the Memofial Union Building Important. —CROMER
Dolphin Club—-SKort meetil.^ September 21 at 4 p m in Clevett s offic^e Every member must be present —CARR
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—Classes have been formed in horseback riding as follows beginners, Monday 1 30, and Wednesdays 2 30, advanced, Tuesday 1 30 and Thursday 2 30 Classes begin Monday, September 20 Anyone wishing to join a class should communicate with me at the Women s Gym —KNIGHT
bring in books to sell.
-BUCKLES.
P. I. A. Membership Salesmen— Please turn in activity cards of new members as soon as they are filled out. ^ —SCHLUNDT
Pnrdue Student Alliance—Open meeting September 21 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 46 p m Prof Charles B Murphy will speak oli ‘‘Can America Remain Neutral Public is invited —BUCKLES
Forestry Club—Meeting in the Horticultural Building at 7 30 p m September 20 Refreshments All forestry students, whether a membei of the club or not, are urged to attend —WALTERS
W S G A.—Executive board meet in office September 22 at 7 16 p m —STEWART
Gimlet—There will be a Gimlet meeting on September 21 in room B at 7 p m , in the Memorial Union Building—Pledging —BROW
Delta Rho Kappa—Members must be present at an important meeting September 21 at 4 p m in room C of the Memorial Union Building —CROMER
Counselors—Meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building on September 21 at 4 p m Bring report blanks and notebook fillers —HUBER
A. S M E.—All engineers are invited to the A S M E meeting on September 23 at 7 30 p m in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Refreshments will be served Playshop — All persons having season tickets out report at the theater office in Eliza Fowler Hall September 21 at 4 o’clock —MILNE
Newman Club—The following people will please meet in the Union at 4 16 September 21 ind bung a fountain pen Inquire at the desk for loom numbei Moser O’Connor Zeller Keating Harrington, McConahay, Garty Yaiber, Bower, Engleton, Trieschman McLain —OTTENWELLER
Zouave Squad—All members wishing to take part in this year’s activities report to
the Armory September 22, at 4; 16. Meeting place will be designated at that time —VAJNDERFORD
WSGA Judicial Board— Short meeting September 21 at 7 16 in the WSGA office 1 —SLOCUM
Scriveners—Important meeting for all members September 21 at 8 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building No manuscripts —FELDMAN
Swimming—W A A open swim September 28, 7 30-8.30 Persons-interested in Triton Club report at 8 80 lintil 9 30 —STOWALTER
Union Workers—Report to the Union office any time after Ip m , September 21 —PUTZE
Ceres—All Ceres members meet in room A of the Union Building, at 4 p m , September 21 —ZIEGLER
Student Senate—^Meeting September 21 at 7 30 p m Inquire at desk in Memorial Union Building for place of meeting —ROHYANS
Chi Epsilon- Meeting at 8 p m September 24 in Memorial Union Building —ROSE
Debris Sales Staff—Important meeting September 21 at 4 p m in Debris office Important that all members be there —SIEBENTHAL
University Choir—The following students will please leport to Eliza Fowler Hall September 21 at 4 p m for the organizatipn of the 1937-38 University Choir Accompanists. Rosemary Robinson, piano , George Osborh, organ Sopranos. Robert Alderman Aileen At kins Dorothy Brackert Ruth Bolyard, June Conklin, Colleen Cook, Margaret Crankshaw, Jean Cummings, Louise Daniel, Estelle Dix, Opal George Mary Hinchman, Rachel Kaufman, Maxine King Irene Lechlitner. Marian Lennox Rosalind McClanahan, Myra McKee, Ruth Renfroe, Julia Rhodes, Margaret Richey Alberta Schmadel, Grace Shaw, Rosemary Smith, Marorie Starrett, Virginia Steele, Iva Swaynie, Georgialie Weigel Mary Topping, Maltha Whitehead, Carolyn Williams, Patty Wolcott Jeannis Woods, Geraldine Young and Margaret Young
Altoss Shirley Anderson, Martha ^ker, Elva Baughn, Pauline pechtold, Alice Bwitweiser, Ruth Crone, Anne Dunnwoody, Dorothy Eberhart, Laura Foote, Frances Ford, Josephine Friend, Ruth Gausman, Janet Gaylord, Margie Ging, June Hackleman, MUdred Harris, Ruth Hauptle, Loretta Heilman, Roaelyn Jackson. Joan LeBeouf, Edith McAfee, Ruth McDaniels, Lois McGaughey, Betty McKee, Edith Martin, Martha Moorhead, Jeanne Naden, DorPthy Newman, Eva Robertson, Gaby Roe, Marorie Rogers, Arlene Rothenberger, Grace Russell, Kate Shearer, Rosemary Skinner, Mary E Smith, Jean Soehner, Melba Tooker, Miriam Trueblood, Mary Wien, and Ruth Schlitter Tenors: J Amt, J Ahrens, O Baker, D. Bowden, O Bowles, K Burbrink, M Campbell, R Caskey, E Carlquist, D. Catron, J. Crump, L. Curtner, J Davis, W. DeWitt, T. Feucht, R Groff, E Hartman, C^ Henderson, G Henderson, K Landon, A Lawson, H McDonald, G B Megginnes, M Munson, W Netherton, H Schulte, E Snyder, C Starbuck, E Verink, Ei Wadleigh, W Wagner, P Worcester, W Yeoman Basses: G Barker, G Bull, P Brumfield, B Burns, Van Coddington, W Davis, R Doran, M Erickson, P Frantz, R Green, D. Henry, T Herrick, R Hewitt, L Holcomb, L Jlutton, R Johnson, R. Kohn, A. Lahr, H Larsen, A Lennox, G Lewis K Maxwell, J Moore, C Mosiman, G Osborn, J Osborn, C Patch, J Pickart, J. Phillips, C Powell, F Reese, J Robertson, H Russell, J Sanders, J Shepard, T. Stephenson, R Schlundt, W ’Thompson, R. Thorntpn, F Verink, W Work, M Wright, J Zettel, R Ziegler
ADULT TAP CLASSES ENROLL NOW Beginners
Friday, Sept. 24, 6:00 P. M. Intermediate Thurs., Sept. 23, 9:00 P. M. Advanced Thurs., Sept. 23, 6:00 P. M.
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Start the School Year Right!
On your school year calendar, include the use of Crown Cleaning Service regularly
Hockey: Open practice for sophomores, juniors and seniois September 21 at 4
o’clock
—DOBSON
Counselor Meeting Septembei 21 at 4 p m Meeting place will be posted m W S G A office —HUBER
Co-operative Bookstore—Any member of either the Purdue Student Alliance Purdue Co-operative Association, or Wesley Foundation is eligible to purchase any of the bargains in books at the co-op in the Wesley Foundation Open from 4 to 6 and 7 to 9 o’clock Members may also
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
tedt^ w» y J
. only Chesterfields give smokers that refreshing mildness and delightful aroma —that taste that smokers like
•'*i«ii*^
... it's because Chesterfield links together —blends and cross-blends—the finest aromatic tobaccos from Turkey and Greece and the best mild ripe cigarette tobaccos from our own Sunny South— ^njoy Chesterfields... THEY SATISFY
Copyright 1937, LiGOErr & MycRS Tobacco Co
I
l(