mk
-j'i
mmmmm
:', ;V^-y, v-;;v.v :•• V-:q:n. i;:*" ■'^
.n f
ing Dogs In Debris
V, By Jack Dominik ' I'llpwling canines set the tune for the Debris Dog CIi)l)tie6t held Sunday aftei’noon on the front steps o^;f*bwler Hall. Judging for prizes was in the comI>le;^e chai'ge of Professors Butz, Gieger, and Phillips Doctors Martin and Miller, who had been selected b|i h basis of what they didn’t know about dog judgEntrants began to aiTive with their attendants hfier 2 :30 p. m.; however, the crowd did not reach itfe full size until 3, at which time John Wiske took eka^ge of the contest, l^gb Parade :! DkCh dog and attendant was given a number which determined their order of judging. When the number, . of dog, attendant, and sponsor were announced, eaeh dog, on leash, was paraded up the steps, in 'fjsoht of the judges, and then ’ back to his place in ffont of the crowd. ‘’ Alter all of the dogs had been given a rough seihltinization by each of the judges, those selected agv the. best in their respective classifications were fifeaih called up to the judges’ stands. At this time tKd hbel votes were cast and awards presented to the attendants of the dogs. jlSipdnent Enters Unique “Dog” '' Judged unanimously as, the most repulsive was the B^ponent “dog” or makeup sheet tended by Willas Vbyrnilion; however, he was entered by the Exponent
as an unusual “dog.” The crowd, too, was most unanimous in its approval. Controversial opinions werp displayed By the crowd on one occasion, the judging for personality. At this time, the decision was to be made between an English Bull entered by the Red Cross Volunteer.Service and Teddy, a Cairn Terrier, representing Beta Sigma Psi fraternity. The first prize was given to the Bull, and Teddy had nothing left to do but stand on his hind feet and cry. SAE—Best Groomed The SAE dog took the honors for best groomed. Betty Wedge, his attendant, was also well-groomed for the occasion and probably had some effect on the rapid decisions of the judges. The “most attractive” prize went to Muggsy, entered by the Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity. His sponsors classified his bi’eed as “we wonder”; however, the favorite opinion of the crowd was that of Chow. Panda, Phi Kappa Phi’s entry, was judged the most unusual and rightly so, being the only Eskimo Huskie in the contest. Kappa Sig Entry Largest Probably the most fair decision was that for the biggest dog. Doc Martin, with ruler in hand, measured all of the larger dogs to a close tolerance so that, no controversy would arise when Marcus, Kappa Sig’s Great Dane, was awarded the title of the biggest dog entered.
Volume 55, No. 109
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, March 23, 1943
Relays Queen Poll Ends Tomorrow
Sigmund Romberg
Cross Drive
Exponent Releases Bust, Hip, Waist Statistics To Aid Voters
By Dan Forsythe Balloting for the “Queen of the Purdue Relays” and her court opened yesterday at the voting booth in front of the Sweet Shop. Ticket purchasers may place their written approval of what they think to be the cream of the crop of sexboxes in the race for the throne at the poll this evening from 4 to 5:30 p. m. and tomorrow from 4 to 5. At the closing of the ———^ - poll tomorrow evening, the
votes will be tabulated and the “Queen's” name will be made known to the campus in Thurs-
day’s Exponent.
For the benefit of the voters and the experience of the Exponent staff, a few details have been gathered and compounded in reference to the .contestants' fig-
. ures and color effects. (Incidentally,
Marvey and Grace Panvini, are shown going over the musical PIA’s candidates for the office, of gjg interested in becoming Expo-
PIA Announces Election Plans For This Term
Lloyd ‘W. Myers and Eugene
seated, and his featured soloists, Maria Nash, Gene Andre have.been announced as the
score for Sunday's convocation.
Figures concerning group contributions for the campus Red Cross drive as released by the Tippecanoe C.bUhty Headquarters and students iii. charge of fraternity and sorority dOriations show that actual collectiOfia have not, as yet, reached the ajhdunt pledged early in the drive, tlie 60c per man goal has not been
reached.
Leading contributor to date is the Women’s Residence Hall Club with a donation of $260. Cary Halls are Bbcdnd with $90.31.. Other gifts incltide those fi‘om many of the fra-
ternities: Acacia, $25; Alpha Kap- Doc Martin, with ruler in hand, carefully measures Marcus, jp'a,Lambda, $3; Beta Theta Pi, $25; the Kappa Sig's Great Dane. Marcus was late
Lambda Chi Alpha, $15; Phi Delta biggest dog in the show.
WBM To Present Action Broadcast Of Pi Groups
'fcheta, $25; Phi Kappa Sigma, $13; Dhj kappa Tau, $20; Pi Kappa Phi, $18; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, $20; Sigma Alpha Mu, $16; Sigma Chi, $16; Phf Kappa Alpha, $10; Sigma Nu, $6; and Sigma Pi, $15. j pther units whose donations are retorded include Alpha Chi sorority, $10; Kappa Alpha Theta, $5; Wesley Foundation, $15; j, Owen Jiouse,. $2; Sweet Shop, $17'; Ward
Officials Will Discuss Plans Of A-12, V-12
Students who are not a member of any enlisted reserve corps who want to enlist in either the Army Specialized Training
B,; $60; Ward F, $14; Co-ops, $74; Program ( A-12) or the Navy College Training Program (V-12) Ward G, $4;. Ward D, $53; and may attend a meeting today at 4 p. m. in rooip 129 of the Biyouac, $10. EE buildings at which the details of the two programs and armed forebs. Norman Augsburger, student m methods of making application will be outlined; according Navy Outline
WBAA will feature a special scene of action broadcast from classes of Physical Education for men Wednesday afternoon at 4
p. m.
The program will last a half hour and will include interviews with Guy Mackey, University Athletic
judged the Director; M. L. Clevett, in charge
of PEM 12 instruction, and Navy
men as they conduct class work.
Lines To Each Floor
Three special lines will be installed so that descriptions of activities on various floors of the Fieldhouse ca.n be described by station announcers. One line will go to the second floor gymnasium where regular students arc going through calisthenics. Word pictures of the exercises will acquaint listeners with the type of drill used to physically. toughen students for the
Pi Phi Pledge
Arranges
To Sleep Out
president. Myers is from the Circle workers may report to the ofPines Co-op and Andre is a member any Monday, Wednesday, Thursof the Bivouac household. day or Saturday afternoon). The These two candidates for the best “sweater girl” among the enpresidency will each select their trants seems to be (gad, it’s a tie), own party to run with them. These Betty Hutchins, Alpha Chi Omega, two parties will be presented be- ^nd Kay Heitmann, Chi Omega, fore the PIA board next Monday e^ch sport a “36”. The Pi Phi’s gift for approval. Those who have been ^ mankind. Sue Mayer, requires the chosen to run on the tickets must’ least leather for a belt, and Martha have their petitions in the PIA of- L^e Riggs, Delta Gamma, (Expofice by 4 p. m. next Monday. Each nent junior editor), is the slimmest party ticket will include candidates the glutus maximae go. : for the positions of coed executive, ^fter considerable research, the vice-president, secretary, and treas- following figures have been uncov-
ered, relative to each contestant.
Elections In April ti- n ■ Kay Heitmann, Chi Omesra
Elections will be held sometime Hair Blonde
during the Second week of April. All PIA members will be allowed to vote upon the presentation of their
According,to the WRH sign-out passports and PIA membership
sheet in North Hall, a nucleus for
Eyes.
Height . Weight Hips Bust Waist ..
.Shoe .
a beautiful scandal was existent. Jo Hart, Pi Beta Phi pledge, was planning ,fb go to the Alpha Chi Rho hous'e dance and then spend the night at the Pi Phi house. However, the sign-out sheet read, “Alpha Chi Rho, overnight.” - Only the watchful eye of the girl at the desk saved Jo from something that might have been a great deal more embarrassing than a beautiful blush.
charge of campus contributions, lirgfed that all organizations which have made donations and I'cpledged to bring their total up to the goal of 60c pei‘ man, check their list and send in an additional check to cover
the pledged amount.
Marital Tall<i Scheduled
Debris Business Staff For Tonight
To Hold Callout Today
to an announcement made yes- Another line will reach the Fieldterday by Dean W. I. Knapp. trainees . . are going through their exercises. A test Will be given pn April Navy men at the University are 2 at the University to all those required to go through such drills eligible for application to eith- as part of their routine, er the Army or Navy program. Swimming Pool Activities :
The place of administration of the lest will be announced as soon as
Callout for freshman and sophomore workers for the Debris Business Staff will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the business office oil the second floor of the Union.
Tonight the second in the scries of marital lectures sponsored by AWS will be held in the East Reception Room of the Union, with Dr. Mario Wcssels. of Chicago speaking on “Marriage Hygiene.” . All sixth and seventh term women will be admitted upon the pres-
Although selling yearbooks is entation of their passports. All
other women must have tlic written permission of their house mother or head resident and the letters must be turned in to the West Desk of the Union. Tvvomore lectures will be sponsored in the series. They will be held on March 31 and April 1), and they will feature prominent .speak-
ers.
recognized as being the chief function of the business staff, it is also responsible for keeping Debris financial affairs posted and up to date. For instance, office work consists in filing receipts, writing and sending conti-acts for pictures, creating ideas for sales promotion and advertising, and making posters. Debris business staff salesmen can-
vass organized houses at the time ' ■ ■ .
of 'each new issue of the yearbook.
Afi an added attraction, inaug-' This Is The Army, Mr. Senior .
urated to arouse more enthusiasm among Debris salesmen, the businoiis staff this year is offering cash pflsjos to the workers selling the greatest number of issues between
tiic number of students wishing to take it is more definitely known. All students not in any reserve corps
are eligible.
All Expcn.scs Paid Candidates will be chosen from those who successfully complete the tests to attend colleges under contract to the Army or Navy. Stin dents enrolled in either program will be under military discipline on active duty in uniform with pay. All expenses, including fees, food, housing, books, and uniforms will be jiaid by the Navy oi’ Army. Tliose students selected for the Ai'iny jirogram, must undergo furttier sci'cening during 13 weeks of basic military training before they (See A-12, V-12, page 4)
A third line will reach to the
swimming pool and interviews as well as descriptions of swimming
activties will be conducted. The broadcast will be, in effect,
a comprehensive word picture of all the activities under the physical hardening program and will be the first bi'oadcast of its type to ever
be aired on any radio station.
Canceilat-ioii Of ’ Courses According to Rule 10-b, Rules and Regulations Governing Students, “No course shall be cancelled within the Ihst four weeks of any term.” Since Wednesday, March 24, is the beginning of the last four weeks period of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel an assignment after Tuesday, March 23, even though, passing. DEAN OF MEN
cards. The political campaign of about one and one-half weeks’" dura-tion-will be culminated by the election which will be held at the south entrance of the ballroom. Officers will be installed about the 18th of
April.
It will not be necessary to vote a straight ticket since the purpose of the election is to select the most competent person for the job. The election is run in this manner in order to assure that the whole of the independent campus has a chance to voice its opinion.
....Blvie
5 ft., 6 in. ..117 lbs. .............35 in. ......36 in. 23 in. . ..Size 7
First Group Soldiers Here
Prof.P. S. Emrick
Advanced Course ■ ROTC
All Second Year Advanced Counse ROTC sludents not in the Enlisted Reserve Corps and not scheduled for Indianapolis, April 2nd, report to Main Office of the Armory before 9:30 a. m. today to make appointment for X-rays. —ROBINSON
. . . Conductor of the .University Band, will play his own composition, Flying Fortress March, at Tuesday evening’s “Navalcade” and Bond Drive in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium.- The piece was first presented by the band at a University convocation three weeks
ago.
First group of the five hundred men who are supposed to come to the. University for training under the Army Specialized Training Plan have arrived on the campus. Others are expected to arrive soon and the opening of classes has tentatively been set for next Mon-
day.
Dance Postponed The Scabbard and Blade dance will not be held on April 3 because the ballrooms are not available. Definite information concerning the time and place of the dance will be announced in Thursday’s Exponent. —RAFERT
Cadef Changes To ^Privafe^ in One Week End
Martha Lee Riegs, Delta Gamma
Hair ..Light Brown Eyes Blue Height 5 ft.. 5 in. Weight 117 lbs. Hips _35 In. Bust 33 in. Waist : ; 25 in. Shoe ; ; Size 7 Nelda Byrum Reed, Kappa Kappa Gamma Hair Light Brown Eyes ...._ Bine Height 5 ft., 2% in. Weight ...110 lbs. Hips _36 in. Bust : ;...;........33% in. Waist ...23V. in. Shoe Size 6%
Annie Stinston, Phi Mn
Hair Light Brown . Eyes ; Blue Height ;... 5 ft., 2 in. Weight „...112 IbB. Hips 36 in. Bust ; 34 in. Waist 24 in. Shoe Size 6 Ann Ostrander, Kappa Alpha Theta Hair Dark Brown Eyes Hazel Height i ......L.;.; 6 ft., 4% in. Weight , 119 lbs. Hips ; 36 in. Bust ; 33 in. Waist ; 26 in. , Shoe Size 7
Rosemary Oesch, SCA
Hair Brown Eyes .Blue Height ; .,..6 ft., 2 in. Weight ...: 115 lbs. Hips 36 in. Bust 33 in. Waist ..., 26 in. Shoe ...Size 6 Vivian Peterson, Alpha Xi Delta Hair Brown Eyes Blue Height 5 ft.. 3% in. Weight 113 lbs. Hips .....30 in. Bust 33 in. Waist .........26 in. Shoe Size 6 Betty Hutchins, Alpha Chi Omega Hair Brown Eyes .....Hazel Height :5 ft., 5 in. Weight 135 lbs. Hips i ,.,..36 in. Bust : ; 36 in. Waist 27 in.Shoe : ; Size 6 Mary Adele Mattix. North Hall Hair Light Brown Eyes Green Height .....6 ft,, 6 in. Weight 134 Iba. Hips , 36 in. Bust :...... 34 in. Waist ; .26 in'. Shoe Size 6 Sue. Mayer, Pi Phi; Margaret Hedderich, PIA, and Donna Jean Leever, South Hall, have not as yet been caught for measurements, but they are just as worthy of the vot-
ers’ consideration.
Scabbard And Blade
now and the end of the semester. Workers on the business staff are expected to work between two and three afternoons per week.
University To Distribute Co-ed Activity Sheets
In the very near future activity sheets will bo distributed to all women on campus for the purpose of gathering information regarding all of the activities in which coeds on campus have participated during their school careers. A pernianent record will be made and kepv in the Dean of Women’s office by Dean Coolldge. It is re(luested that all coeds make a point of filling out the blanks immediately after the receipt of them, according to the rules accompanying them,
By Pvt. Sig Peterson With their return to the campus Friday afternoon, the first contigent of helmeted, olive drab attired senior ROTC men completed their first real taste of army life. We were the first of the some 320 University men who, last week,' became army privates under the Army Specialized Training Program and teturned to the campus over the week-end. Our few days’ contact, or impact, as it might bo called, with Uncle Sam’s army was something we never shall forget. We liad indelibly impressed on our minds that the army is a very complicated thing—that it takes quite a while to get things rolling in such a large organization — but that when they do get going—wow—the speed is something that leaves you a little dizzy.
Eat IleaiiH
Wo orriyed at thq Indianapolis
induction center Tuesday forenoon, completed our final officers’ type physical examination, and were at Fort Beiijamin Harrison by that livening. After a medical examination for venereal and contagious diseases, wc were assigned to barracks. We had eaten at eleven and at four o’clock that day, and they fed us again at eleven that night. The army must believe iu fulfilling the age-old adage of .beans, beans —for we had beans three times that day. However, that was the last we saw of beans during our stay. The food was very good and substantial after that. Rude Awakening At five the next morning we were very rudely awakened aiul told to get the barracks swept and mopped and to make our beds before breakfast. By this time we knew “this really was the army, Mr, Jones.”
We “rookies” lived through it and at six ate breakfast. “Line up in single file,” barks a hard-boiled sergeant—and when a sergeant says something you jump or you get K.P. duty or something similar. At the command of the sergeant, we start on the double for the mess hall. But we’re not in yet. There’s a long lino ahead of us—it moves right along and in a very few minutes we enter the side door of the mess hall. Why We .\re Rationed Someone hollers, “Hey, rookie, grab a tray.” You reach back and get one and follow the man in front of you. “Hold your tray out,” the next K.P, says. You move along at a brisk pace and the'" K.P.’s behind the counter start throwing servings of bacon, fried potatoes, eggs, toast, and so forth into the various compartments of your ti'ay till you
reach the end of the line. It all happened so fast that when I try to think of what did happen that first time, I’m not sure but that I was half way through eating by the time I reached the table. About ten or fifteen minutes after yoii sit down, a mess sergeant comes up and bawls out, “Hurry up and get the h—- out of here; we’ve got lots more men coming in.” Being interested in how fast the men were really coming through that mess line, we did some timing 'with a watch anil found that men were coming off the end of the line with a full tray at the rate of one per second—and in a steady line for more than one hour. This mess hall was only.about the size of the north ballroom of the Union! Routines, Tests, Examinations . From nine till one Wednesday bight, we were answering ques-
tions, filling out forms, and getting fingerprinted. Up again at five—it was Thursday—today the army really got in gear. We took an I.Q. test, a mechanical aptitude test, and a code, radiotelephone aptitude test; we were inducted into the army as privates; we were each, interviewed personally regarding past records of education, occupation, and special skills; we signed up for insurance, were vaccinated, and were outfitted in uniforms. Then we saw a movie on venereal disease and had a final medical examination prior to returning to Lafayette. Army Efficiency Fitting uniforms and vaccination were two superlative examples of army efficiency. We were measured for clothes and compietely outfitted in about three-fourths of an hour. (See CADET, page 4)
Formal initiation Wednesday afternoon, March 24, at 4:30,in Armory. Actives please tfe present at 4:00 in ROTC uniform. Important. Pledges meet at 4:30. There will be no banquet during the week. —HECKAED
Kappa Delta Rho
. ... s.ocial fraternity) announces the initiation of the following men: John Gray, Gary; Dan Ruth, Elm Grove, W. Virginia; Jack Biehle, Kenmore, N. Y.; Gil Hildebrandt, Kenmore; Peter Strong, Kenmore; Rfco Montenero, Elkhart; Jack Vierke, Rochell, Illinois; Robert Griffin, Baberton, Ohio; Robert Choka, South Bend; Richard Talmadge, Indianapolis; Carl Luder, Washington; and Fred Martin, South Bend.Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, March 23, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforiat and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phono 4005 , Sf>orts, Ficldhousc, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorarj Editor William G. Hoskins
With the t olors
Editor Bonbinoi Mnnatrer News Editor Mdnatrine Editor Senior Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Dale E. Hut? Gerhard II. Klouman Kohert W. Bosvv inkle Sally Beall .lames G. Pettj Joseph S. Dan son Jean Laiicr A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: F J Voph J T RiclianKon, T L. Tilton, W. H Ty^nn. W.'L. Voiinilion. M L Smith, C. C. Martin^^Illrph^ Co^ Stpfft Phjllis Mann, Martha Lie Kirks. Caiolyn Wilbur, ETaWe A'hrens. „ „ . , Sports Staff: C. Siiward'-, J Ackerman, D Shrjcr, R. Smith. Business Staff ^ Assistant’Advertising Manager: .1. Filjii Advertising Managers: J Fkxon, C Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R H Krocplin. Accounts Manager: Marv Dilts.
The Purdue Independent
Editor-In-Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Smith Sports Editor: Ackerman Day Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Hammcl Workers: Domimk, Grotms, Stcfles, Richaidson, Winslow, Yargar, Speck, Hahn, SUphirson, Forsythe, Gregory.
Entered ns second class matter at the post olTico m Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the syiccial rate of postage piovided for in section llOS, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthc year Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters, by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3 60 for two semesters Represented for national ndvertibing by National Advertising Service, Inc . College Puhlibhers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y
mSMTON •'is! >■ Merry- GO'
Private Butz. . . For the first time since World War I, army privates in large numbers have made'their appearance on the walks and in the classrooms of old Purdue. These men have been through an experience at the induction and reception center tvhich they will never forget, but the experience will probably soon become known to other college men in the Enlisted Reserves. The new privates have become acquainted with the old army game of “hurrying to wait”, which is a new type of recreation in which the soldiers run from station to station during the processing, only to stand in line and wait after reaching the appointed place, One of the first observations of army life was how the sergeants and privates run the army. The privates are at the end of a long chain of command and they do not hesitate to show their authority whether they have any or, not. As the rank increases, the apparent authority seems to decrease, but someone is responsible for all the thousands of written orders which are issued every day. Although the army is often criticized for its lack of efficiency, the station at Fort Benjamin Harrison showed an amazing organization for handling large numbers of men in a short length of time. Wherever the men were transported or wherever they reported, their records and orders had preceded them and upon arrival there they were ready to be pushed on through. Although the food was not what would be ordered in a cafeteria, it was good and there was plenty of it. Some of the boys turned up their noses on the first day and refused to eat, but on the third day they were diving in and eating like ordinary soldiers. The ROTC boys established a real record at Fort Harrison of which the University and others concerned can well be proud. The men conducted tkhemselves like gentlemen at all times and the marching exhibitions which they put on were something new for a group of new inductees. One officer was heard to remark that they were the longest column of men which he had ever seen marching in step. In the mental aptitude tests, the men again came to the front and they were informed that they had the highest average on the I. Q. test of any gi’oup which had ever been processed at the Fort. ,Most of them had never realized just how hard it is to get into the army, but now that it is over they know that it is not just a matter of signing your name and receiving a uniform. It is really a complicated process of physical exams, name sig;nings, interviews, lectures and a thousand other things. Most of the men are happy to be in the army, because it brings to an end the long period of indecisiveness which has been prevalent during the past few months. They have been under constant pressure Ijjecause of the indefinite future, but they can now rest at ease because their future has been definitely determined and their course has been set for the duration,—d.e.b. Anyone who can “doodle” can learn to draw, beheve.s Dr. Arthur M. Johnson, associate pi'ofes.sor of botany ai the University of California.
Blind Winifred Moore, 2:i, and Rex, her shepherd dog, received .sheepskins together from Mississippi Southei’ii College.
Fordham University is intensifying its programs in T.atiu and Oroide.
ty DREW PEARSON FDR Listens To Farm Woes; Leaders Call Administration Shortsighted On Labor Policy Washington—-The President did the listenins, instead of the talking, nhen he conferred on farm manpower and food with three prominent farm leaders—Albert S. Goss, master of the National Grange, H. E. Babcock, vice president of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, and Ezra T. Nelson, its executive secretary. The farm spokesmen spent about 30 minutes of the 37-minute conference expounding their views on what caused the food shortage now' facing the country and what has to be done to remedy it. The President confined his remarks chiefly to asking questions. He began by telling his visitors that the food situation was “extremely serious,”,' i, ' • ; ■: . :i,. “That’s why I invited you gentlemen here todayi— to get your opinions on what has to ibe done,” the President said. “Go ahead and be as frank as you like.” < ' The farm leaders accepted the challenge. They charged the Administration with “shortsightedness” in dealing with farm labor deferments and contended that government price policies also had contributed to the farm manppwpr shortage. ^ Local Draft Problem “If you want my views. I’ll give them to you, Mr. President,” spoke up Ezra Nelson. “Two things have to be done and done immediately. Fii'st of all, someone in authority here in Washington must tell these local draft boai'ds where to head in. “They must be told that they have almost as much responsibility to see to it that we have sufficient manpower to produce food for the war effort as they have to provide men for the fighting forces. Food is just as important as munitions in my opinion. We can’t fight the war without it, and we can’t let our civilians starve. “A lot of these local draft boards still feel that they must fill their induction quotas,” Nelson continued. “The boards have been assigned quotas, but they don’t have to meet them, at least not in sections where there is a crying farm labor, shortage. You, or someone else should tell them this.” The President pointed out that many young farmers don’t want to be deferred. “This isn’t the fault of the draft boards,” he said. “The young men themselves are so patriotic that they do not want to remain on the farm while a war is going on.” It was agreed that steps would have to be taken to convince selectees that they could serve their country as well on the farm as in the Army. Goss suggested that one “way out” would bo to induct farm hands and then “furlougli” them back to the farm at prevailing farm w'ages, instead of army pay. This would require legislation, but the President said it was an idea worth considering. ^ Stop Selling Cows “The second thing that has to be done is for the government to step in and stop the widespread selling of dairy cows and other stock and farm equipment by farmers wdio aio unable to continue in business at present farm price levels,” Nelson continued. “I’m as much opposed to inflation as you are, Mr. Pi’esident,” he added, “but we have got to make it possible for farmers to operate at a fair profit if wo are to lick this threatened food shortage. They have got to be assured fair prices in order to pay wages that will keep their help from migrating to jobs in industry.” The cooperative official contended that farms had lost two-thirds of their manpower to war industries because of low farm wages. The President said that he, too, was deeply concerned about this factor, suggested to his callers that they get together with Secretary of Agriculture Wickard and map out a program embracing their recommendations. “Then come back and sec me again,” urged the President. “I want to continue those discussions.” ► Capital Chaff After Mrs. Henry Wallace had failed to find a collapsible bag for the Vice President’s air trip to South America, two Army officers appeared in his office— Major J. Marden Murphy, and Col. George P. Schullgen.—and presented him with the very thing .she had been looking for. . . . Wallace will have to get along on four hour sleep’s a night during this trip. After late lormal dinners, he will bo turned out of bed at 4 a. m., for early plane departures. . . . John McClintock, Assistant Coordinator of Intcr-Amcrican Affairs, is off to the Amazon, to inspect food and health programs for rubber tappers. . . . For the first time in history, Colombia is sending more coffee to the U. S. than Brazil, solely because of the submarine. Brazil takes the position that it’s better to have rival coffee.s come into this market than to let Americans lose the taste for coffee. ^ Railroad Records Interstate Commerce Commission isn’t advertisng them, but it has some sensational figures about increased traffic on the railroad.s—and increased accidents. The traffic of 1912, both freight and passenger, broke all records. Number of ton miles of freight hauled in 1941 was 475 billion. A high record, but in 1942, it boomed to 630 billion, an increase of 33 per cent. The increase in passenger miles was even sharper —from 29 billion in 1941 to an estimated 53 billion in 1912, or an increase of 83 per cent. Meantime, accidents have mounted at an alaimuig late, indicating tlie railroads’ inability to keep abreast in repaii of equipment and maintenance of
w'ay.
Total tram accidents incieased fiom 9,401 m 1941 to 13,369 in 1942. By far the greater part of these accidents were derailment.s and collisions. The greatest additional burden undertaken by the raihoads is the hauling of oil across the country at the rate of 770,000 barrels a day. The railroads ai'c spending a good chunk of their wartime ]jrofits foi advertising and public relations. Reprcientative Fi'ancis D. Culkin of New York stated on the flooi of the House that the railroads spent $31,000,000 last yeai foi adveilising, “and probably .$100,000,000 foi lawyei's.” Added lawyei Culkin, “I don not like to indict my own cult, but the lawors got a great killing on that.” (f'opyiight, 1943, by (hiited Feature Syndicate, Inc )
Smoke Puffs, Fires, Add Interest id Rdft Drill
W - War, Disease, Call For 18,000 Extra Nurses
By Phj'ilis J. Mann Since the ranks of both nurses and doctors have been reduced by calls to industry and the armed forces, it is agreed that the vast increase in population in defense areas has put the greatest strain 'on .the hospivals. According lo the leadeis in the nursing profession, the demand foi nqrscs must be met or a serious snag in our war effort will be the result. Many of the institutions are run■ning on skeleton staffs, and would be unable to cope with an emergency, Such as a bombing or an epi.dernic. Several have been forced to close some facilities because their staffs', are short! ranked. Seek To Enroll 18,000 Miss Kathai'ine Faville, chairman of the Committee on Recruitment of Student Nurses and her committee are seeking* to enroll 18,000 new students in spring classes in schools of nursing in order to meet the national quota of 66,000 for the school year, a figure which must be stepped up to 65,000 next year if the W’ar continues. Extra credit from previously attended schools, resulting in shorter courses, is now being given in many schools of nursing to young women entering with two or more years of college. Mole federal and private scholarships are beconiing available, to make it possible for qualified young women, regardless of finances, to become nurses. 'Such scholarships are admmistere’3 by the individual school of nursing, to which applications should be made. With a lowering of scliolastic requirements for nurses today, women w ith college work aie needed for the administrative and instruction posts. Nursing Needs College Women For the college woman, this docs not mean necessarily leaving college. Future plans for nursing can be made and college courses to include the prerequisities for entrance into the school of nursing can be formed. “War nursing definitely needs the college calibre women,” said Miss Faville. Tours are being planned in Nc\v Yoik, Cleveland, Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, Boston and other cities. Some tours continuing through three or four days, will include visits to several different hospitals and schools of nursing. They will pcimit the inquiring students to “shadow” a student nurse foi a half day, to watch her work, and to accompany a visiting purse on her rounds. Since the “tourists” may be from several colleges, the social hour and discussion period that will begin and end the tours will offer interesting contacts. Inquiries concerning requests for the tours should go to the director of the school of nuibing in which the individual student IS interested. It IS more important to get a preview ot nursing than of most other types of war work a woman may choose, in the opinion of Miss Favillc. The complex human relations involved lequire that a nuise genuinely like hei woik m order to be a leal success in it. “Nuising IS not Avoik to be undertaken lor the emergency period alone,” she declaies. “It is the Irontlme war v.oik for women now, to be sure, and the student iiui'.so gives immediate wai seivice by helping leloasc graduate nurses to join the Ainiy and Navy Nurses Corps. But unlike the situation for many oi o'ui vital war workoi there will be continuing needs for nurses after the war, both heie and abroad. Nursing is also one of the best kind.s of tiaining for homemaking, and so It attiacts both the carcei woman and the g'iil who hopes tj many vhen the war is over.
NOW SHOWING A FIRST RUN HIT
By Bill Turner ' On the distant landscape stands a tank. It is silent, but not deserted. At any moment it may begin to advance, again leaving destruction in its wake. Our object is to direct artilleiy fire onto the tank, and to do it as quickly'as possible. This is a typical field artillery problem, and it is for assignments such as this that University ROTC men are being trained. After sending the directions for the first round of fire back to the battery, we tensely aw'ait the burst of smoko which will indicate the adjustments we should make to correct possible errors in our initial empmands. When the first burst of smoke appears some distance from the tank, we quickly measure the amount of error by the scale in our binoculars; and send back new directions which will correct this er-
ror.
“Cease Fire” We are now relaxed, and worlfing with the speed and precision that only practice can bring. Another burst—corrections, and still another ;our bursts arc getting close to the tank now. We receive the message, “on the way”, from our gun po.sition; and know that another thirty-three pounds of steel and high explosive are on their way to destroy that enemy before us. This time the tank is surrounded by a burst of smoke which we recognize as'a direct hit. Our next command is “cease fire •— mission accomplished”. That is all, but what a feeling of satisfaction those few words can bring. », The procedure described above is not an unusual experience for many University men. Those men who are enrolled in the advanced ROTC here receive as an important pait of their training practice at firing various field artillery problems on the terrain boards in the Armory. There are two of these terrain boards; and they, as nearly as is possible, duplicate actual procedure in artillery fire observation. Terrain Board Simulates Combat The terrain hoard consists primal ily of a land.scape about eighteen feet wide and six feel deep laid out on an ordinary screen wire. This virc is painted green, and bent to give the appearance of irregular coiitour. Placed on the ware are varioi’s buildings, trees, fences, load.s and budges. Thcie aie also a few tanks and artillery weapons of appiopiiatc size. About .six inches below the landscape is the wooden frame which supports the sciccn wire. Behind this platform, and attached to it IS a much smaller duplicate. On the small platform is a chart with lines corresponding to those grid lines designated as being within'the area of the landscape. The bursts of shells fired, pie.siimedly at various targets, aic lepiescnted by small bursts of smoke from under the screen wire. These buists are fixed by placing the small aim of a jiantograph on the c'hait behind the hoard at the spot designated by the commands of the student observing the jiroblem. The pantograph is arranged so that the arm under the landscape IS at the spot coi lesponding lo that on the chart. The smoke is produced by compressing a ilibber bulb which forces air through a chemical compound in a small container at the end of the large ai m of the jiantogi aph. Biiiociilar.s Supply Realism The effect is so realistic that looking through a pair of binoculars the thull of actually firing is not too difficult to imagine.
Just Lddking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
> The North African desert, one of the dryest places on earth, may be liked to the Sea in respect to the way in which it must be navigated. Here navigation and its instruments means what was originally implied because, just like the sea, this wasteland has few distinguishing landmarks and the sand -' I. —— ridges are continually shifting TJ 1 courses while running Jr@7801111.01 JMOlGS the ever-changing wind. Companies scheduled tc visit the j/iagnetic and Sim compasses
campus:
Bell Aircraft Corporation, Buffalo, New York—March 32 and 23. Interested in April and August AE,
ME, EE.
Republic Steel Corporation, Chicago, Illinois—March 23. Fleetwings, Inc., Bristol, Pennsylvania—March 24. Interested in April and August ME, AeroE. Standard Oil Company of Indiana, Whiting, Indiana-—March 24. Interested in ME, Chemists. Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York—March 24 and
instead of road maps make North Africa an ocean of sand in which sea strategy may often be used to an advantage.
XXX
The dust bowl has now become the nation’s meat platter and with the increase^in cattle has come a parasite which threatens to cut down the beef supply, urgently needed on all fronts. The vaccination to prevent the fever caused by this parasite carries with it an evil countercheck in that every animal after its vaccination is immune it-
26. Interested in April and August ^
ME, EE. Group meeting at 4:00 p. m., Wednesday, in Room 108, Mechanical Engineering Building. General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—March 25, 26 and 27. Group meeting at 4:00 p. m., Thursday, in Room 108, Mechanical Engineering Building. Vought-Sikorsky Aircraft, Stratford, Connecticut—March 29. Interested in April and August engi-
neers.
E. I. duPont de Nemours & Company, Wilmington, Delaware — March 29 and 30. Intei-ested in ChE, ME, MotE, PhD Chemists.
Chicago and Southern Air Lines, Inc., Memphis,' Tennessee—Interested in mathematicians or physicists to work as meteorologists. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, March 31. Coni Products Refining Corapanv, Argo, Illinois—Interested in ME, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, March 31. The Girdler Corporation, Louisville, Kentucky—Interested in ME, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, March 31. Link Belt Companv, Indi.uiapolis, Indiana—Interested m ME, MctE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wodnesday, March 31. Placement Notes For Women Hepubiic Steel CorporationMarch 23. Metallurgy and Chemical women students. Call Placement Service for Women, 2955, foi fuithcr information. <, Sigma Phi Epsilon . . . .social fraternity, announces the initiation of Calvin E. Davis, St. Louis, Mo.; Grant A. Ficlden, Kenmorc, N. Y.; Tod R. Gamble, Poona, 111.; Jerome Matoscc, Hammond; Ralph L. Merrill, Milwaukee, Wis.; ,Iohn E. Michel, Chicago, 111.; Robert Nussmeior, Columbus; Jack L. Kenbarger, Elkhart; Edwaid Schmitt, Hamilton, Ohio; Ted C. Shanklin, Gary; Donald F. Smith, Hammond: Thomas Templeton, Indianapolis; James V. Towle, Hornell, N. Y.; Jack C. Weidert, East Chicago; Norman L. Wilkc.s, Indianapolis.
TODAY and TOMORROW
ease for the rest of its life. The malady is called anaplasmosis and is a left-over from the dreaded cattle tick fever which at one time threatened to wipe out the entire cattle industry until a means for control was found. XXX Chicago has always been a good town for a gangster story and yesterday the Windy City’s papers wcic crammed with details and pictures concerriing the suicide death of Flank Nitti. Nitti had seen a lot of gang life from the time when he was “tlie Enforcer” for the Capone gang to tlie more recent days when he was connected with the Bioff scandal dealing with the labor racket in the motion picture industiy. Because of Nitti’s death the 1 oai ing twenties were exhumed for a brief time and tlie ghost of prohibition racketeering was loosed fleetingly upon the midwest. Hall, Ay It Write Arlide For Machine Design Part li of an article written by A. S. Hall, instructor in mechanical engineering, and E. S.' Ault, pro'fessor of machine design, appears in the March issue of IMachinc Design. Pait I of the article appeiired in the Februaiy issue. In the article four .spccilic typical machine nioDons .ire analyzed for acceleration of the various members. The neglect of the Coriolis comjionenl of acceleration is drawn out Comparisons of results obtained with a typical mechanism show an erroi of 40 per cent when the Coriolis effect is ignoicd.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY and TOMORROW
His Most Amazing Adventure!
S\C^^st^ng JOHNNV WEISSMULLER with FRANCES SIFFORD
— ADDED — RAY MacKSNLEY'S ORCHESTRA
m GIRLS SO BEAVTIWLI HO BAHd SO HOT! HO ROMAHCE SO EXCITIHG!
.paries R. Rogers '? presentj
ALSO
EKfRfl! ®F51Ciai. WAR DEPT. FILM KORPs
7
Y
[ ^J m
^ n
-Tuesdajr, March 23, 1943^
Boilermaker Sports
Pagei
^ ^ '
<
DON'T FORGET THE
PURDUE RELAYS
THIS SATURDAY
'DUTCH" FEHRING
» NEEDS BASEBALL
PLAYERS
Diamond Squad Starts Pitching As Newcomers Swell Roster
Coaches Doan and Sandei's, who are acting as head baseball coaches until “Dutch” Fehring is relieved of his spring football coaching duties, issued a callout for infield and outfield players yesterday afternoon and the results were more than
Scrips, Sobonya, and Martin are also listed on the mound roster. With veterans Misslehorn and Claseman and the well rounded list of relief hurlers, the squad should have little worries about twilling
favorable. The squad’s pitchers and department.
catchers have been working out for On the receiving end of the story, the past two weeks and with the ap- we have the catchers. No veterans
pearance of the new group, the sqfuad now totals around 40 men. Graduation and the selective seiwice. Army, Navy, etc., has taken its toll this season, but Coach Doan
are back this year to handle the bchind-the-plate duties, but Chuck Wright, senior veteran from Edwardspoit, might get the starting call at the catcher’s position. Last
believes that the squad will do fail'- season, Wright worked in the inly well this season. The Boiler- field at third base, but being e\ccpmaker team is made up of a burly tionally versatile, on the diamond, group of men and heavy hitters he may appear at any position in should be at a maximum in the line- the lineup. Other catcheis aie up. As soon as the Indiana weather Kelly, Heacock, Pilarski, Pickel,
beams out in its new spring attlie, and Rayschick. the diamond squad will move out Duffy Shines
to its field behind the Ficldhouse, to get in some valuable practice sessions. Until then, the lads will continue to toss the sphere around in the Fieldhouse amidst the confusion of track men, wall scalers, and oth-
ers.
Still Pitching In the pitching department.
Being the first night of piactice for the outfield and infield yesterday, a complete list of candidates has not been compiled. Outstanding among the outfielders that leported yesterday are Duffy Friend, minute muscle man of the Boilei maker basketball squad, also Chinewitz. veteran from last year’s squad, and
Coach Doan had Ed Misslehorn and Allen. The squad is definitely shoit Irv Claseman, who ai’e veterans of veterans and Coach Fehring has from last year’s rugged team. In called attention to the fact that it addition to these two, Kennedy, of is impera^-ive that new prospects hardwood fame; Baker, who did a report for pi-actice to show then little twirling last season; Timm, skill in the great Ameiican pastime.
Phillips Receives Late Entries For Relay A/leei As Time Draws Neat With only four days remaining until the long heralded Purdue Relays will be a thing of the past, entries are pouring in to Relays’ Originator Hermon Phillips’ office. To date entries have been received from 11 different universities and six different colleges. Included in the group of universities entered in the meet are Ohio State, Michigan, Drake,
Debris
Schedyle For ion Pictures
The organixatson pictures for the Debris wifi be taken in the south baSfroom of the Union at the time scheduied below. All mernbers? of these organixations are asked to be pn time for their pictures,;" Those students in active service may get permission from Colonel Hicks to be out to have
their pictures taken.
Tuesday, March 23, 1943
4:00 P.M. Activities Bureau—
Sophf. Staff
4:10 P.M, Union Soph. Staff 4:20 P.M. Union Soph. Staff 4:30 P.M. Debris Soph. Ed. Staff > 4:40 P.M. Debris Soph. Bus. Staff 4:50 P.M. Debris Soph. Photo. Staff 5:00 P.M. Exponent Soph. Ed. Staff 5:10 P.M. Exponent Soph.Bus.Staff 5:20 P.M. Exponent Soph. Sports
Staff
S|iiiilcd compotilion in cveiv event iiom the opening Iwo-milc lelay to the thiillmg one-lulo iclay finale ha^ liten a-i^uied b\ the biilliaiit belli of enli ics that will vie toi honoi^ in the toloiful Puulue Relays heie next Satin day night. Capt Dave Mathews, outstanding middle disLanre lunnei, and Leonard Alkon, Big Ten ^piint champion, will lie among tlie headhncis on a powoiful Michigan siiuad that lias its eye on team honois m the iimveisity division In the huidles. Bill Dillon, of Notie Dame, Central Collegiate title holdei, will be forced to the limit liy Charles “Whitey” Hlad, coholdei oi the woild’s iccoid, and Chuck Pinnoj, Michigan’s Big Ten low huidle champ Among the outstanding competitois in the high .I’ump will be Ed Taylor, Western Michigan’s coloicd fieshman, who won the Cential Collegiate title and has a competilive mark of 6 ft, 6% in. this season. Wayne Alheis, ot Miami, will he among the entiles who w'lll vie with Billy Moore, Diakc licshmaii liom Logaiiopoit, for pole vault honois.
Intramural Schedules
5:30 P.M. 5:40 P.M. 5:50 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:10 P.M. 7:20 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:40 P.M.
7:00 P.M. 7:10 P.M. 7:20 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:40 P.M. 7:50 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8 :10 P.M. 8:20 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:40 P.M. 8:50 P.M.
Engineer Staff Agriculturist Staff Pharmacist Staff Delta Rho Kappa Kappa Delta Pi Kappa Psi Pharmacy Association Alpha Zeta
7:50 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:10 P.M. 8:20 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:40 P.M. 8:50 P.M. 9:00 P.M. 9:10 P.M. 9:20 P.M. 9:30 P.M. 9:40 P.M. 9:50 P.M. 10:00 P.M. 10:10 P.M. 10:20 P.M. 10:30 P.M. 10:40 P.M. 10:50 P.M.
Ceres
Hoof and Horn
Poultry Club Dairy Club
A.E,S,
Dairy Club Forestry Club Tau Beta Pi
A.S.C.E.
Chi Epsilon Eta Kappa Nu
A.l.E.E. A.S.M.E. A.I.M.E.
Phi Tau Sigma
S.A.E.
Phi Lambda Sigma A.l.Ch.E. Catalyst
CARY HALL VOLLEYBALL Wednesday, 7:00 Unit 2 vs. Unit 5. Unit I! vs. Unit G. Unit 4 vs. Unit 7. BADMIN'I'ON Tuesdaj, 7:00 Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Chi.
Sigma Nil vs. Delta Chi. Winner of Sigma Nu-Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
SIGMA DELTA PSI W’edncsdaj, March 21 4:00 100 Yaid Dash. 120 Yaid liow^ Huidles.
ins
"/W GOT THE NEWS FROM AFRICA "
Wednesday, March 24, 1943
Omicron Nu V. C. Meredith V.' Ci Meredith Camera Club Aeromodelers Sigma Delta Chi < Tau Kappa Alpha Student Senate WBAA Staff Purdue Players Purdue Playshop Mgrs. Theta Alpha Phi
9:00 P.M. 9:10 P.M. 9:20 P.M. 9:30 P.M. 9:40 P.M. 9:50 P.M. 10:00 P.M. 10:10 P.M. 10:20 P.M. 10:30 P.M. 10:40 P.M. 1Q:50 P.M.
Gold Peppers Reamers Gimlet Skull and Crescent Alpha Phi Omega Y.W.C.A. Modern Dance Club Dolphin Triton W.A.A. Sigma Delta Psi S.C.A.
'BIGGEST HIT IN EGYPT’’ THAT'S EASY HAMBURGERS AND CORES."
Thursday, March 25, 1943
1 7:00 P.M.
Newman Club
9:00 P.M.
Marwood
1 7:10 P.M.
Newman Club
9:10 P.M.
Owen
1
1 7:20 P.M.
Ann Tweedale
9:20 P.M.
Rochdale
1 7:30 P.M.
Antigonist
9:30 P.M.
Salisbury
1 7:40 P.M.
Glenwood
9:40 P.M.
Wesley Beys
r 1
1 7:50 P.M.
Novadale
9:50 P.M.
Westminster
1 8:00 P.M.
Shoemaker
10:00 P.M.
Bivouac
1 8:10 P.M.
Chauncey
10:10 P.M.
Scabbard and Blade
H
1 8:20 P.M.
Circle Pines
10:20 P.M.
Scabbard and Blade
1 8:30 P.M.
Dover
10:30 P.M.
POMM
? 1
1 8:40 P.M.
Kneale
10:40 P.M.
POMM
1 8:50 P.M.
Luma
10:50 P.M.
Zouaves
3 R's Lead Bowlers; Westminster Co-op Threatens Leaders PIA bowlers finished their fourth week of competition in their annual bowling tomnament last week with Team (5, knowm as the 3 R’s, and Team 1, from Westminster Co-op House, m first and second places respectively Team G has won 10 and lost 2 in the battle so fai, and the Westminstei boys are light on their heels with 9 wins and 3 losses. The leading team, composed of Schnetzler, Hutton, Kiegg, James, and Smith has accumulated a total ot ovei 10,000 pais m then twelve games Westminster’s team, made up of Heady, Walls, Essig, Marvel, and Dieidoif, have amaased a total ol 9,881 pins I Annual intramural Boxing Tourney Opens Tonight . This evening at 4 30 appioximately 20 W'ould-be pugilists will weigh-in on the boxing mezzanine in the Fieldhouse for the annual inti amuial boxing meet. Some bouts aie also scheduled foi tonight m the opening lounds of the touiney. The semi-finals of this mitt-fest, which is under the supei vision of Jim Beeis, vaisity boxing coach, will be held Maich 30, while the finals will be held on Satin day afternoon, April 3. These finals will be held in conjunction with the scheduled varsity match with the Gaiy Y^MCA and aie open to the public. Although only 20 contestants are now enteied, theic is still time for moie to sign up as the deadline has been set at the weighing in time. Anyone inteiested may sign up for the touiney at the bulletin board opposite the Intranuual checkroom in the Fieldhouse. Wall Scaling Ranks Reduced To 20 Men Qualifiers for the semi-finals m the Woild Championship Wall Scaling event at the Relay Carnival next Saturday afternoon have been reduced to about 20 irren, according to the intiamural depaitment. iMost of these men have been able to clear the wall at 11 feeet, 6 inches The qualificis will meet for semi-finals Thuisday evening from 4 to 5 30 at which time the field will be 1 educed to five men H R Meeker, sophomoie cngineei fiom Indianapolis seems to have the edge by virtue ot easily clearing the wall at twelve feet Many otheis have clcaied the obstacle at 11 feet, G inches, so the lace must be coiisideied wide open. Foui medals aie to bo piesented to vvinneis ot tlic fust foil! places
“You pjobably read that in your newspaper a while ago. Thai wui coiresponder’ found how our fighling men everywheie wani Coca-Cola. If must have something special to be 4he favorite of the fighting forces. There's taste you don’t find anywheie this side of Coca-Cola, itself. And there's that welcome feel of lefreshment that goes ini energy. Take it from me, Coke is good
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. 6th and Salem Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
M©W under-arm Creeam Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does nor rot iirtssts or men s .shirrs Does not iriirirt, skin 2. Novi.ririn.c'toJri Cuibeused nglu alter sh i\ im; 3. lustmtlv stoi s pti.i'ir itio ilor 1 to 1 li i\ s I’rev eats odor 4. A pure, white, griistUss St unless \ uiishmg cream 5. Awarded Approv d Seal ot Amcrie in Iiist.tute ot Launder ini; tor being harmless cu ■' tibric.
Marquette, Notre Dame, Michigan State, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Northwestern, Indiana and Purdue. College participants are Illinois Normal, Michigan Normal, Western Michigan, Indiana State, Butler and Cornell. Gophers Prepare In Fieldhouse Yesterday the five men entered by the University of Minnesota spent the afternoon working out in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse. It seems as though it is now mid-term at the Gopher school and their track men have taken this opportunity to come here and become familiar with the local tiack. As of today the trophies for the meet will be on display in the Purdue Memorial Union Building. There W'lll be trophies given to both first and second place winners in each event; something very unusual for a meet of this type. The usual practice IS just to give a trophy to the fiist place winner, but Coach Phillips thought that it would add to the excitement and competitive spa it of the meet if awards were made for the first two places. Relays Start At 3 P. IM. Pielimiiianes in four events, the shot put, 60 yaid dash, 60 yard high hurdles, and 60 yard low hurdles will start at 3 o’clock Saturday afternoon. Tiials 111 the pole vault and high jump aie scheduled for 6:30 that evening, with the opening event of the evening starting one hour latei. The Older of events Saturday night IS as follows: Ijnuersity two mile rela>, bO >ard low hurdles (final). Shot put College two mile relay. bO >aid dash (finalsi bO >ard dash for baseball men. University medlej relay. Colkpfo medley relay High jump 00 yard high hurdles (final). Pole vault Wall scaling- contest. University four mile relay. College mile relay University mile relay. Heidke, Williamson Entered In NCAA Next week-end, varsity coach Dick Papenguth will take a group of his leading paddlers to Columbus for the National Collegiate Athletic Association swimming meet. Roy Heidke and Captain Joe Williamson will head the Riveter contingent at the NCAA but will be helped in the point-getting by Bill Snead in the sprints, Bill Dunn in the back stioke, Johim Juengst on the spring boards and a medley relay team consisting of Cummings, Rayle, and LaBaw The bulk of the Boilermaker points aie expected to come from the bieast stioking of Roy Heidke, \\ ho cm 1 ently holds the world’s lecouls for the 50 yard and 50 metei bieast stioke events. Roy’s chances of copping the 200 yard event will be enhanced by the fact that Skinnei of Michigan, who nosed out Heidke in the Big Ten meet, will not swim in the NCAA. Captain Joe Williamson, who has been swimming free style lately, will go back to his favoiite breast stioke event and should have a good chance of gauiering a few precious points foi the Riveteis Joe has held vaisitv lecoids foi thiee years and teamino with Heulke, a potent combination ot bieast stiokeib should lesnlt
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Driving to St. Louis Friday, can take 4. CALL Rossebo, 5021sst If’
\gS 4
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, March 23, 1943
ilpha Zefa To Hold Senate To Sell speech Competition Graduation Preliminaries Today Invitations
Public Safety Institute Holds Training School
For Industrial Safety
University Calendar
Military Troininit C’crtiflcotes; Thoae students who are not in the,ERC and expect to join the Armed Service should call at the Armory to mnkd arranBcmetits for their KOTO Certincates. - ROBINSON
Eta Kappa Nu:- Dinner meeting With pSgcIkcs Wednesday, March 24, 6:80 in rwm 330 of the Union. Pledfccs not r^uir^ to brirjK boxes. Pledges will be in, the Debris picture to be taken
Tuesday, March 23
Alpha Phi Omesra: Caps have arrived. Purchase ticket must bo obtained from M. L. Bender, 342 S. Cary Hall. -BENDER
Preliminaries for the annual Alpha Zeta speech contest will be hleld today at 4:30 p. in. in the as.sertibly of the Horticultural Building. From an estimated twenty-two students who have entered the contest, six will he chosen to speak in the finals, which will be held next Tuesday evening at 7:30. Speeches’ will be seven minutes in length, and must pertain to some current phase of agriculture. Judges for the preliminary contest will be Prof. C. F. Gobble, of the animal husbandry department; Professor Miller, of the speech deIfartment; and Charles Bowman, of the extension department. Judges for the finals will he announced later in the week. Medals will be awarded to the speakers winning the fii'st three places, and a cup will he presented to the organization sponsoring the winner of the contest. Russell Hardin, Alpha Zeta active, is chairman of the contest. Alpha Zeta has for several years Sponsored this contest- All Alpha Zeta pledges are required to compete for honors." Although Alpha Zeta is an agriculture honorary, any University student may take part in the contest for the first time this year.
Commoncoment this year will follow the custom of the preceding years in tlmt programs and announcements will be retained. Despite rumors to the contrary, the final decision of the cotmmittee in charge was to have programs and announcements as usual, for they believe them to be indispensable. In approximately two weeks, the exact date will be announced and programs and announcements will be on sale at the Student Senate office. They will not be sold i)y order nor will they be on sale at any place other than the Senate office. Instead of the usual three types, there will he only one due to the shortage of materials and the rising prices. There will be only 350 in the graduating class this April 20, duo to the wai’, the army, and various other reasons.
Public Safety Institute ol' the University, which is serving at: the official industrial protection ag.’.ncy for the Indiana State Defeuse Council, is giving training and se^rvices to nearly every war plant er.Vploying more than 1000 persons ia Indiana. Under the direction of Professors J. L. Lingo, the Institute compiles and distributes manuals, training aids and materials on the administrative, supply, and training phases of police, fire and safety protection. As new information is developed, it is compiled and sent to Indiana industries in a monthly bulletin.
9:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 4:.30P.M. 6:16 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. ,■8:00 P.M.
9:5 0 A.M. 0:U'^P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:30 r.M. 7:30 P..M.
Home Ec. Refresher Course Room 117, Hort Bldg. PI A Tea Dance South Ballroqm, Union Alpha Zeta Speech Contest Room 117, Hort Bldg. AAUW Dinner Meeting Home Ec. Bldg. Rural War Production Group Assembly Rm., Ag. Hall Alpha Zeta Meeting Room 302, Union Undegraduate Dames Meeting Room 263, Union Flying Club Meeting Room 212, Union Christian Science Organization Room 232, Union Speech 14 Convocation Eliza Fowler Hall Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Room 307, Union Graduate Dames .• West Faculty Lge., Union Wednesday, March 24 No. Cent. Stales Ent. Conf Room 355, 363, Union Ceres Banquet Old Chestnut Rm., Union Hist., Gov. & Eco. Dinner E. & W. Rec. Rm., Union Varsit5:^ Christian Fellowship Room 307, Union Marriage Course Rooms 355, 364, Union
Alpha Phi Omeg^a: All nctivcK, banquet wilt be held Tueadny, March 23. All memborB»are urged to attend. If you arc going to be there notify Burt Kuck or Myron Bender in Cary Hall, before Sunday. ActiveX are reminded that the hike is this Saturday, March 20, at G by the west entrance of the Union. ’ —GOS^WEIN
Chem 3 and 4 Students: Used oopies, in Rood condition, ns rcRards result sheetd of Chemical Equilibrium and QunlitptiVtt Analysis, 2nd Edition, arc ur«ontIy needed for the War Training Program,
Umicron Nu: Pledging will be held On Wednesday, March 24, at 4 p. m. in the dining room connected with the Freshman Foods laboratory in the Home Economics Building. -BEALE
Tau Beta Pij Meet Tuesday, March 23, in room 263 of the Union. Election of recording secretary and discussion of pledging will be held. Be pi*csent or excused or you won't get your 3>laquc. —SEDDON
Glider Club: Glider Club meeting Tuesday night at 7 :30. Ask for room number at the West Desk. All present pledges, future pledge.s and actives please be present. - SALISBURY
Green Guard: Meeting Thursday, Match 2.-,. at 4 p. m. in the AWS office. Important. . —THOMPSON AIME: OpeXanecting Thursday, Match 2.7, in room 202 of Hcavilon Hall. Movjhff pictures will be shown on "Heat Treating and Heat Treating Furnaces” Heat Treating Company. HECKAKU
2nd Brigade Cadet Officers: Pictures for the Debris will be taken in the Armory at 11:30 a- m. Tuesday, March 23, after dismissal of the Corps. —ROBINSON
GE Calculations: Meeting will bo Tiold in the GE Building Wednesday at » —MARTIN
Cadet
Judges Pick Agno, University Stallion, For Grand Champion
Univer.sity-owned stallion, Agno, was chosen Senior and Grand Champion of the annual State Spring Stallion Show held Friday at the State Fair Grounds in Indianapolis. Agno. a six year old gray Pei'cheron, was purchased by the University from Michigan State College at East Lansing, Michigan. Hai-vey Hoewiseher. Sidney, 0., Was the judge for the show, which was the tenth of its kind to be held in the state. Besides the Percheron Show, Belgians and Shires were also judged. A total of 33 stallions and jacks were exhibited at the show, of Which the University stallion was judged the grand champion. The purpose of the show as originated in 1934 is to encourage the use of good sires in the breeding of horses. . Winner in the Shire stallion show was I. E. Naylor of Lafayette witli two shires, Bloores Ladiiie and Sorrel Cloud Second, l)oh of which won all awards in the class.
Students Leave
Restaurant, Neglect Important Item
Students eating at the Union coffee sho)) may have noticed the ease with which customers may walk out without completing all the formalities of a meal, namely, paying the check. According to the cashier the number of people forgetting thi.s <Tll impoi'tunt maneuver is limited but is not negligible. Such incidents as a student walking half way out after finisliing a meal and then stopping dead in his tracks to stare fixedly ahead and rush marlly back to the seat he has vacated have been known, to the I'clief of the cashiei.
(Continued from page 1) “Take off everything but underwear and trousers. Take off your shoes and socks and put your shoes back on.” w'e were ordered. The man doing the measuring rattled off sizes about as fast as his assistant could write them down on the form. Socks came first, then shoes—here they took plenty of time. They do a lot of marching in the army, the man said. “Go down to the end of the counter,” someone ordered. You hurry down to a long counter and present your specification form with your sizes on it. Hold your barracks bag open—keeping moving—shiits, pants, hats, ties, undci'wear. gloves, packets.—zim- zam— in they went. By this time the form with your size.s was way ahead of you and the man across the counter was saying, “Iluri-y up—keep moving!” / “Put on your trousers—ti'y this belt on—jHit on this blouse—w'hew! —Too long?—Try this—put this overcoat on—etc., etc.” Before we weiiLyiut we had to dump all of our accumulation into individual “stalls” and have the articles of issue checked to see that we had everything—w'c did! Astonishingly good fits w’ere secured—mine was perfect—in spite of the rush. The vaccination was almost fastest of all. The .sign on the door said: “When the bell rings, steii inside, sit down on the chair, face to tlie right.” You are next in line.—the bell rings. You go in and sit down. An enlisted medical detachment man grabs your left arm, scratches in the smallpox vaccination, you foci a pain in your right arm—that’s the t>’phoid shot, some one pushes you through the door into the next room and tells you to put your shirt on. The bell lings again and the next victim comes through. Seven to ten seconds between men, we timed it! In Bed .\t Nine After having cvqning mess, seeing the film on venereal diseasc.s., and marking evciy piece of clotheing issued, we were ready for bed at nine. The next morning^ we donned our drab olive-green helmets, overcoats and raincoats; tied our iiarracks bags together and tliiew them over our left shoulder; maiched out of cam)! and lioardod the train foi Lafayette, looking more like a giim commando unit than a giouji of college senior.^. We had leal nod what the ai my was rea’lv like.
Conducts bcnools Here The Institute staff conducts industrial protection training schools at the University on a service basis with individual industries. More than 450 representatives of industrial protection units have attended these courses, many of whom have served as training instructors upon returning to their respective plants. Members of the Institute staff have served as consultants with the Office of Civilian Defense, the U. S. Army. Ordnance Department and various private and governmental agencies. All of the services and trainingare conducted without cost to any industry. The University has accepted the responsibility of industrial protection as a part of its service to Indiana industry and as a part of its contribution toward complete victory.
HonivV Ec Department Conducts Food Course
Military Student.s: A yrroup of throe reels movie film on the followinK subjects “Paraobuto training in the German army, German tanks, and The Alaska Highway” will be shown in the EE bldj;. Wednesday, March 2'1. at ‘1 j). m. All military studenib inviU'd. MAIER
Newman Club: Group picture.-! will ^ taken Thursday, March 26, at 7 p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union. He o” to get picture taken. --AULT
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges pick up plaques in the Exponent office
Notices
Skull and Crescent Plederes: Notice chanpc in time. Rou^h initiation will be held Tuesday, March 23, at 8:30 p. m. Meet at AGR. Brinj? flashliKht, full box, bone and paddle. - CHESTNUT
Debris Business Staff: AM salesmen come to ofTico Tuesday rveninp at 4 p. m. Sales books are back. Prizes will Ik» awarded to .saksmon sollinK the most books between now and the end of the semester. —SKILLAN
Elvehjem Will Speak
In order ti-J acquaint home demonstration agents of the state with new angles fc* home canning, the Home Ecoiioinrcs extension is conducting a two day refresher course at the UniversiU'. Fifty-two agents are attending the course which began yesterday and includes discussions of canning, dehydrating and drying methods. During the two day y,ossion, Prof. L. Greene gave a generj.’.! outline of the victory garden program; Prof. F. C. Gaylord gave a report on a garden survey, and Certriwic Sunderland outlined the canning situation. A feature of the course is a discussion of methods of preparing adequate meals with foods obtained under point rationing.
All Women Students: The St. Louts Girl Scout Council is in need of girls to work in their ciinip this summer. Jobs available arc unit leader, assistant unit leader and water front director. Any one interested should teU'iJhone or come in to the Placement Service for Women (2D55) immediately. —FELDT
Student Senate: 'I'here will ho a Senior Board meeting of the Senate for the selection of junior and .kenior executive positions. Wednesday, April 24, in the Senate office. --MILLER
1st Brigade Cndct Officers: Pictures will he talH'U in the Armory at 11:30 a. nj. on Thursday. March 2,7, after dismssal of the Corps. —ROBINSON
Camera Club: Sin-ing exhibit will be held March 27 to April 3. > Entries must bo turned in at the West Dekk of the Union not Intel- th:in Mnndav, March 22. Mounting hoards, dry mounting tissue and rules are availabel at the West Desk. - STOCKMAN
Purdue Engineer: Meeting of all titulf members in the office at 4:15 p. m. Tuesday, March 23. It is important that all membcr.s be there. - KIMBRKI.L
Exponent Ad Salesmen: Call m<' today, Tuesday. Mai-ch 23, about plans for future work. ■ -FILPI
AM Student.s: All studontH who wish to work foi Ihu RvKibtrar cUiruiK' the Summer Tei m reprustration, April 26 ami 27, arc re(luc'sted to make application at the Rokihtrar'b ofli(;e. Those with previous ex})erience at rejjihtration or in other elorical jobs are j?>vcn preference. -STONE
Purdue Christian Foundation: If you want to attend the World Friendship Banqu-t (chicken dinner) at 35c per. ))k’ase make U'servation wilh^Teny IJusy, 'lO^G, Rob Nash. 267(1. Sylvia F'lnley. 65711, 4)r Dick Berry, 2H‘)1. This will he our lust hamiuet until next faM ( ?) so let'.s aM turn out on Friday evening, 5:15. at thi* Lafayette Christian Ohuich. WENDELL
Sigma Delta Chi: There will l>e kn important mectinp: of aU pleflgea and activ0s- in 1he Exponent oil ice at 4 p. m. Thurndfty»
March 2.-,.
RAFERT
Alpha Zeta: Pledge meeting tonight in room 302 of the Union at 8 o’clock. Bring full boxes. DAVIS
Classified Ads
AWS Executive Board: Meeting in the AWS ofiice TueAsday at 7:15 p. m. CORNTHWAITE
Alpha Lambda Delta Actives and Pledges: Initiation will bo held Sunday at 8 a. m. in room 232 of the Union. Actives be there at 7 :45 a. m. for iiractice. - -RIGGS
Skull and Crescent: Formal initiation on Thursday night. Meet at Ileavilon Hall at 5 *‘15 p. m Actives let me Know befori* WednL.sday il you cannot attend the-lmn-(put folIo^\ing the formal initiation. Rough initiation will be held Tuesday. March 23, at 8-30 p. m. Meet at AGR. Bring flashlight. full box. bone and paddle. - CHESTNUT
Lost—L(^g Log slide rule in Armory on ThuiHclay morning Name on outside, J. G. Ilidin. Call Jerry 1031. Reward.
Lost—Log Log Duplex Decitrig blido rule. Reward. Call Don Freneh, 2437.
CE 62: A condition lest in Highway Construction, CFl 62, will be hold at 1 :30 p. m , Saturdaj, March 27, in room 206 of the Ci\il Engineeiing Building, —PETTY
AWS Executive Board: Meeting is hanged from 7:15 to 4:30 p. m Imporant that all members attend. CORNTHWAITE
Typewriters: Adding mochinefl, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. EbershofT, 606 Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watxshcs* guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan OlTieo. 407 Columbia.
Monday To Sigma Xi's
Dv. C. A. Elvehjem, professor of Biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin will speak on “The Present Status of Vitamin B Complex” next Monday night at 7:30 p. m. at the Sigma Xi annual banquet. The lecture is oijcn to the general public. A liusiness meeting will be held immediat(dy following the initiation at 4:15 in the Faculty Lounge, and the banquet wdll he hekl at (!:00 in the North Ballroom. At the Iju.si-nc.-:s meeting there is to he an elec't.ion of ofneers and of two members to the Electoral Board. Elvchjcni \'ery Distinguished Prof. Elvelijem received hi;, Ph.D. degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1927 and has studied at Cambridge University. He has icccntly Ijcon awarded the thirtysecond Willai'd Gibbs medal, ranking honor of .American Chemistry, in special recognition or “eminent work in and original contributions to pure Ol applied chemistry.”
Today, Prof. S. A. Anderson will give a demonstration of dehydrators. Uses of and the preparation of dehydrated foods will he discussed by Prof. Gail Redfield, Mrs. Inez Canan and Prof. Ruth Jordan.
SCA Board—U-^ual mvoling Tuesday evening, March 23, at 7 :30 ]). m. Discuss election ol new officers for coming suTru'ster. - ANTONACCIO
NOTICE
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
We pay 1c each for ai! hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Mndbail
A-U. V-12
he\ (here clarence i hear there i.s a gu\ who is slajing homo to study douljle e fonighf in.'-tead of going out with a girl lie sure is igiioranl i gu-ss he could get pleiilj ol elcefri,"itJ .studied about and even a ijratfical denionsiralion with a date i mean bj .sparking
After each w'ashing: 1. Clean tub. 2. Remove agitator. S.Leavecover off or ajar until dampness has evaporated.
Release -wringer rolls after each washday. Oil machine as per manufacturer’s instruction.
Be sure brush is free from threads and hairs. Bristles should extend Fo-inch below bottom of nozzle.
If you empty your cleaner dust bag once each week, it will clean better.
Electric Fan$
Water Heaters
Coed Bowling Schedule for \N eeli Fi-. e
M'ednesdaj. .March 21. 6:15 p. m Chi Omega v^. Pi Bela Phi. Delta Gamma v:. ,Al))ha
Omega.
('hi
(Continued from jiage 1) aie finally (lualificil i'oi- (-ollege atU‘hdaiu-('. However, lh')se .sludenU cho.-en I'oi the Navy inogiam, after Ijcing iia.S'Cd by the Office of Naval Officer Pi ocu; ement. will go direct.y to colleec-.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR, HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phone 5701
Science, Helps You Save!
Continuing scientific research has taught us how to treat your clothes kindly when you send them to us for cleaning: service.
cKO>\'.\ clothls last i.onger RLV WAR BONDS
Crown Laundry
Automatic Furnaces
Clean and oil once each year.
F/VE DHY C TEAM ISC
Electric Ranges
Electric range units: Tubular electric range units burn themselves clean. . . . They should not be washed.
Keep Your Electrical Equipment in Good Shape
Drain frequently to remove sludge from bottom of tank.
Oil motor and blower bearings at least once each year; clean or replace filters at least once each year. Clean filters cut elec.tric costs and help keep house clean.
Electric Refrigerators ? Clean unit radiator at least once each year; your unit will last longer and you will save on electricity. Open type mechanisms require periodic oiling. Sealedunits do not.
Defrost coils when covered with 'A-inch of frost; excess frost will increase operating costs.
Even if the war is won'this year, there may not be a single electrical appliance manufactured during '43 for civilian use. Keep that in mind. It means we must all do everything we can to prolong the life of each appliance we own. In the panel at the left, you will find helpful suggestions for some of the most commonly used—and most depended upon — electrical appli* ances. Read each of them carefully—there may be some little idea included that, if attended to now, can save you hours of time and trouble in the months ahead. Ask us, or your Dealer, for advice now!
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC4
f
'V
14 >