‘f- i> '^|'l^>»A«;i(^^'S!3* * */ *' ' ■* ^' f .
4 i
Purdue
Z'l^S
Volume 51» No. 20
Exponent
Tuesday. October 3. 1939
Lce News I Poll |||(|[oates Studont Attitude On War
• Mundelein Dies Chicago, Oct. 2—^War took‘a back seat today as a million Roman Catholics mourned the death of George Cardinal Mundelein, of the Chicago archdiocese, who died in h^s sleep at the age of 68. Funeral mass will be held in the Holy Name Cathedral at 10:30 a. m. Friday, it was announced by the chancery, with a special mass for school children tomorrow, and one for religious orders Thursday. • Italy To Aid Nazi's? Berlin, Oct. 2—Nazi officials hinted via the press today that if the Allied powers refuse Germany’s bid for peace on the basis of a portioned Poland, Italy as well as Russia might lend military assistance. Meanwhile, the Hela forts, last center of Polish resistance, raised the white 'flag, surrendering 52 officers and 4,000 men and making the Nazi occupation complete after a month of war. • Thanksgiving Bilf Washington, Oct. 2—In an effort to stymie the Presidential Thanksgiving proclamation. Rep. Francis H. Case (S. D.) today introduced a measure to fix the holiday permanently on the last Thursday in November. • Chinese Struggle On ^ Hong Kong, Oct. 2—Although relegated to the back pages by the international situation in Europe, the Japanese conquest is still raging hotly in China. Reports indicate Chinese gains in the vicinity of Shataukok, Shumchun, and Nantau. Christie Will Address ASHE Thursday At 3 A. G. Christie, president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and professor mechanical engineering at John Hopkins University, will speak Thursday afternoon at three on “Creative Engineering” in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Professor Christie will leave the campus Thursday afternoon after his talk, and will speak that night at a dinner meeting of the Indiana section of the ASME at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Professor Christie has been working as a mechanical engineer for the past 38 years. He started in 1901 as a mechanic, joined the faculty of Cornell University in 1904 as an instructor in mechanical engineering, and in 1914 he joined the faculty of John Hopkins University and later became a professor of mechanical engineering. Professor Christie is the author of the steam-turbine section of both Sterlings’ “Marine Engineer’s Handbook” and Kent’s “Mechanical Engineer’s Handbook.” Senior Co-eds Will Choose Emblemafic Dress Today At 4:00 Gold' Peppers have their caps, freshman women will have their green hair ribbons, and Mortar Boarders have their jackets, so senior co-eds are following the general urge to wear a label. This afternoon at 4 o'clock in the women’s lounge of the Union a meeting will be held to make plans for the identification to be worn by senior women. Remember the yellow corduroy skirts two years ago ? And the yellow jerkins last year? These are setting the example for the choice this year of the feminine equivalent of the famous senior cords. However, the final decision is up to the co-eds. Today’s meeting will be under the charge of Joy Johnson, chairman of senior women’s activities for the year, with Louise Daniels, Rufina Sexton, and Ruth Zimmerman assisting as her committee. All senior women should attend.
( Senate Calls For Cannon Fodder Speaks!
Sophomores Under New Election Plan All sophomores wishing to serve on the Student Senate under the conditions provided in the Senate reorganization amendment, adopted as part of the permanent constitution by the Senate last spring, are to report to room A of the Union at 4 o’clock this afternoon. The amendment states that a call will be issued shortly after registration in the fall for sophomores who will work under the direction of the junior executives. This group may sit in on meetings, but will have no vote in the Senate. At the end of the sophomore year, the senior board will choose eight from the group, who, with eight elected by the students, will serve as junior executives. In addition to these, eight juniors will be popularly elected by the respective schools. Senior committee heads for this year are as follows: handbook, William Hart; personnel, Louise Daniel; elections, Martin Estey; project, Ralph Reiley; publicity, Martin Estey; constitution, Dick Obenchain and Don Paarlburg; lost and found, Margaret Mitchell and Jack Swander. Purdue Athletes Talk Before YMCA Dad, Son Banquet Ex-Capfain Mihal Sets Keynote For Meeting Joe Mihal, ’39 football captain, struck the keynote at the opening Father and Son banquet, held last night in the Lafayette YMCA as part of the celebration of its 50th anniversary, when he said, “Character is built on the playing field as well as in the classroom.” The celebration started Sunday with special youth sermons in the churches and will end on Saturday with a hobby show. Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, toastmaster, introduced Noble Kizer, athletic department head, who then introduced the three speakers. Bob Bailey, Dan Fisher, and Joe Mihal. ABC’s Of Athletics The blanket topic of the three speeches was “The ABC’s of Athletics.” Fisher spoke on “Ambition,” Bailey talked on “Backbone,” and Mihal defined “Character.” A. P. Stewart’s choir wound up the program. Tonight’s program will consist of a reunion. Dean Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the School of Science; Merle Carver, YMCA staff member; and Dr. W. S. Walters will be the speakers. Old Hi-Y members are especially urged to attend. Father Flanagan To Speak Tomorrow night at 6* o’clock. Father E. J. Flanagan, founder of the famed Boys’ Town, Neb., will speak at the anniversary banquet to be held in the Union building. Frosh Ags To Visit Soil, Crops Farm Freshmen ag students will be given an opportunity to visit the soil and crops farm Friday at 4 p. m. when the Agronomy staff, assisted by Ceres, agriculture honorary, ■will conduct the fifth annual freshman hay-ride. Freshmen will meet in front of the Agricultural building and will be taken to the soil and crops farm by cars. Once there, they will be transferred to farm wagons and a tour of the farm will be made. This will give them an opportunity to see the work which is being carried on by the experiment station. At the close of the tour, refreshments will be served by members of Ceres.
If anyone’s voice should be heard in this world-wide uproar of war talk, we feel sincerely that it should be the voice of the men who will, in all probability, wear the khaki if the country finds ware inevitable. Even the voice of the country’s law making body should take its key from the voice of the nation’s young people ... those who have everything to loose and nothing to gain by a foreign conflict such as is impending.
Law Makers, Notice
With this in mind, the Exponent has endeavored to obtain representative figures concerning the trend of this seldomheeded voice. Polls, to be really representative, should naturally tabulate the vote of a tj^ical cross-section of a group of persons. This we feel certain we have done. The real value of a poll lies in its ability to influence someone else. We are egotistical enough to believe that a poll such as ours will have some little weight in influencing the law makers of this state when they vote on neutrality, which is the real solution of the question: war or peace.
We're Thinking Anyway
We are also egotistical enough to believe that the students of this University did a little serious thinking before making their check marks on the ballots. If this is true, then we have accomplished two major objectives. We have obtained an accurate tally, and more important yet, we have begun a train of thought that will aid materially in clear thinking during the days to come.
War Settles Nothing
We offer these accumulated figures at their face value. The question of which neutrality plan is safer is beyond our scope. We leave this up to students of iriternational trade and policy. What we, the University, have shown by this poll js that we feel two things: (1) Nothing is ever really gained by war, and (2) We want peace, no matter how we get it. The Exponent wishes to thank the students and faculty that gave their time so that we could make this survey, and to congratulate the campus on the stand that they have evidently taken on the situation.—^R. E. I.
Fans Jam Ballroom To View Movies Of
Reamers Pledge II Activity Men At
Irish-Riveter Game Meeting In Union
Five bundled enthusiastic Purdue football rooters jammed the Union ballroom last night for the moving pictures of the Notre Dame-Purdue game which was played at South Bend Saturday. Sammy Voinoff, assistant football coach, gave a short introductory talk, after which Head Coach Mai Elward praised the work of the Riveters in putting up a game battle in one of the most publicized battles of the abreviated current season. Pictures Of All Games Moving pictures of all the Boilermaker games to be played away from home this season will be shown by the Tippecanoe Alumni Association and the athletic department. All movies, with the exception of the Santa Clara game, will be held at 8 p. m. on the first Monday following the Saturday the game is played, in the Unioii ballroom. First Rush Dinners Given By Sororities Rushees last night attended the first of this year’s rush dinners, held by all Greek letter sororities from 6:30 to 8:30 p. m. Most of the houses decorated their tables with flowers and candles representing the colors of their respective organizations. The theme of both the Phi Mu and Alpha Xi Delta dinners was oriental. After dinner at the Alpha Xi house the guests were entertained by a tap dance by Marie Freeland. Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha Theta served Italian dinners, complete with .spaghetti and gay linen. After the Chi Omega dinner, movies of the organization’s national convention and of last year’s all university sing were shown. The Pi Phi’s and Alpha Chi’s entertained the rushees with group singing.
Climaxing an evening during which approximately 40 men were interviewed in the Reception room of the Union, Reamer Club, independent men’s athletic booster honorary, last night selected 11 pledges, SIX seniors and five juniors. The pledges chosen were:
Seniors
C. F. Hotler Dick Houser Robert Conklin • John Eilering Leonard Haverkamp Will Madden Juniors * Jack Due John Emmert John Post Bert Bohlin Robert Donahue. Lists of potential candidates were submitted by heads of schools and activity officers, and supplemented with names from the members. These men were then interviewed by a committee, and on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday of last week the list narrowed to forty, who were interviewed by the entire club last
night.
Pledges were selected on a basis of character, personality, scholarship, and participation in campus actmties. PIA Plans Bingo For Independenf Co-eds Freshmen women not going through rush will be entertained by the Purdue Independent Association at its annual bingo party Thursday night at 8 in the faculty lounge of the Union. A door prize of a free membership in PIA will be given to the women who attend. The committee in charge of the entertainment is: E. Jayne Myer, chairman; Allison Lilly, Mary Glynn Yeager, and Warene Hoover.
2,175 Ballots Point Out 2-1 Preference For Roosevelt's 'Cash And Carry' Plan Editor’s Note: In an interpretative article snch as the following it is almost impassible to give complete coverage without some amount of editorial comment. Views expressed herein are therefore those of the writer and should be considered as such. University students approve two to one of the proposed “cash and carry” plan for foreign trade as stated in the Exponent Peace Poll completed yesterday. The student body returned 2,175 polls out of the 3,500 distributed. Faculty members stood divided regarding the “cash and carry” proposal. Students Favor “Cash and Carry** Students favored the proposal by a percentage vote of 68.1 to 31.9. Faculty members opposed the proposal by the narrow percentage vote of 48.3 for and 51.7 against. Although vast coverage of student opinion was attempted by the poll, the faculty vote was taken, not to gain perfect coverage, but merely as a comparison against the student vote. Only 125 faculty
ballots were returned.
'University students do not approve of giving all types of aid, excepting man power, to the Allies, but neither do they approve of a complete “isolation” program for the nation. Opinion was decidedly against a plan whereby the United States would trade in all types of merchandise, excepting a certain list of so-called contraband articles such as arms, and other completed implements of
war.
Percentage Vote The percentage vote of student and faculty opinions and questions are as follows: 1. Do you consider yourself naturally pacifistic or belligerent in relation to everyday matters? Students, pacifistic 87.8; belligerent 12.2. Faculty, pacifistic 92.5; belligerent 7.5. 2. Do you think anything valuable can be gained by war? Students, yes, 15.4; no, 84.6. Faculty, yes, 27.2; no, 72.8. 3. Woudl you volunteer for war .outside the territorial limits of the United States? Students, yes, 15; no, 85. Faculty, yes, 15.7; no, 84.3. 4. Do you think that a war outside the territorial limits of the United States might be called (termed) defensive? Students, yes, 38.8; no, 61.2. Faculty, yes, 48; no, 52. 5. Apart from your possible volunteering, would you approve of the United States’ entering a war in an effort to settle European affairs? Students, yes, 10,4; no, 89.6. Faculty, yes, 9; no, 91. 6. Can these difficulties be settled by war? Students, yes, 19.7; no, 80.3. Faculty, yes, 55.5; no, 44.5. 7. "Would you volunteer for war within the territorial limits of the United States? Students, yes, 69.4; no, 30.6, Faculty, yes, 82; no, 18. 8. Would you approve, for the United States, a program of complete “isolation,” that is, no exchange of commodities with belligerent nations? Students, yes, 45.9; no, 54.1. Faculty, yes, 34.5; no, 65.5. America Not Responsible 9. Do you feel that America’s policy of “isolation” is in any way responsible for the present European situation? Students, yes, 15.8; no, 84.2. Faculty, yes, 24.3; no, 75.7. 10. In the war that is in progress in Europe today would you 'want the United States to give all types of aid except manpower to the Allies: Poland, France, and the United Kingdom? Students, yes, 25.2; no, 32.8. Faculty, yes, 31; no, 69. Present Policy Unpopular 11. If, as opposed to ‘isolation,” would you approve of the present situation, under which trade in rnily a certain list of so-called contraband articles is forbidden? Students, yes, 29.7; no^ 70.3. Faculty, yes, 32; no, 68. 12. Or, would you approve of the “cash and carry” plan, under which any article may be loaded at a United States port, if the cargoes are paid for and are not carried on ships of American registry? Students, (Continued on page 2)
State Agricultural Conference Opens On Campus Today Coleman To Address Afternoon Meeting The annual meeting of the State Agricultural Conference, including the entire Purdue extension force, all county agricultural and demonstration agents, farmers institute staffs, and specialists, will open on the campus today lasting through Friday, beginning this afternoon with an address by T. A. Coeman, associate extehsioh director, on “Another Year of Extension.” An Evolution This evening Dr. A. B. Graham, retired federal extension worker, will give the principle talk at the annual conference dinner, speaking upon “Agricultural Extension—An Evolution.” The program will include discussions of extension teaching methods, land use planning, extension program planning, and farmer institute problems. Some of the prominent speakers at these sessions will be M. C. Wilson, Miss Grace Frysinger, both of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, and Marshall Abrams, well-known Kiwanis leader of Greencastle. A portrait of the late Prof. Walter Q. Pitch, member of the staff of the Agricultural Extension Department from 1913 until 1937, will be presented to the University by 0. W. Mansfield, Epsilon Sigma Phi president, as part of the exercises tomorrow afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. The portrait was made possible by contributions from 10 state agricultural organizations and a number of friends of Professor
Fitch.
The program will close Fi-iday noon with a speech by Extension Director Harry J. Reed of the University, on “Looking Foi-ward Into
1940.”
SDXWill Elect New Vice-Prexy Tonight Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society, will elect a new vice-president at its meeting tonight at 7:30 in room F of the Union building. Gordon Tafel was elected to the position last semester, but did not return to school this
fall.
social sorority, held initiation Sunday morning for the following girls; Marjorie Baumgardt, Mt. Carmel, HI.; Ruth Blake, Gary; Jean Carroll, Franklin, Pa.; Janet Craig, Indianapolis; Jane Caldwell, Chicago, 111.; Mary Crane, Rushville; Josephine Denis, Knightstown; Betty Erick, Ft. Wayne; Harriet Forgey, Logansport; Elizabeth Punsett, Noblesville; Mayjean Hutchison,Oak Park, III.; Marjorie Kuntz, Lafayette; Doris Martin, Medford, Wis.; and Amy Roosevelt, Richmond./ 7
» 1
Power Of Advertising
... is well known to most successful businessmen. Hardly one of America’s newspapers could be published without advertising revenue. Advertisers know they can’t let people know about something unless they actually tell them about it. Why then should Purdue University, one of America’s finest technical schools, be announced to the automobile traveling public on main roads entering Lafayette and West Lafayette by small or poorly painted signs which are practically invisible at night? Purdue has made great strides in recent years toward becoming one of the better equipped universities of the Midwest, and the campus with its new buildings is worth pointing to with pride.
But
Incidentally—
By Petrov Sometimes we think pupils take their instructors too literally In one class the instructor told his students to explain a certain phenomenon carefully, as though he were telling his grandmother, for instance. A meticulous fellow, the student started his paper “Dear Grammaw,” and signed it “Your loving grandson.”
Most of the drivers entering Lafayette already know they ^re entering the Home of the Boilermakers. Sohie drivers, however, may not be so well informed, especially if they should be motoring through from some distant point. In any case, better advertising of Purdue along the incoming highways would direct more attention toward the University. It might even promote a visit to the campus which would otherwise be overlooked. Signs would be especially appropriate at the State Highway 52 by-pass junctions. Some drivers might take the business route instead of the by-pass just in order to see the University. It is quite possible that they would stop in Lafayette or West Lafayette to make a purchase or to dine. This point should interest the locd Chamber of Commerce. We would suggest signs of the reflector type, similar to those used for identifying certain towns on state highways. “Purdue University, Home of the Boilermakers” should make good “copy” for the signs. Perhaps the Purdue Seal could be included as an integral part of the design. A sign of the overhead type, which are very popular in the western states, might even be erected.
We think along pretty literal lines ourselves. Winnie very cleverly advertises his product on the advertising blotter as follows: (Steaks)" = 10c. That means one steak costs 2.1644c.
But try and get it for that. * * j Vladimir reported a course offered by the University which impressed him more than somewhat, and we too have found one. It’s H. E. 151: Books and Pictures for Young Children.
We’re nuts about “Heidi.’'
We hear about the latest method for getting fitted for a suit of tails. Honest, all the customer was asked was his height, weight, general build, chest, and inseam. It actually happened on this campus. It t *
We can hardly wait to see the fit. t * *
You may be one of the boys that bought a cane and derby for the 21st of October, paying the price of 40 cents for the unbeatable combination. We hate to put the glutz on anyone’s business, but those same derbies and canes cost their letailers just about 13c per set.
That’s 208 per cent.
However the -signs are constructed, they would be a definite asset to the Universitysas well as the towns of Lafayette and West Lafayette. The idea should be worthy of consideration by the Student Senate, the Executive Committee, and the Board of Trustees. The city of Lafayette should foe glad to offer financial foacking for such an enterprise.
Peace Poll
(Continued from page 1)
yes, 68.7; no, 31.3. Faculty, yes, 48.3; no, 51.7. Probably the first question is of no real importance in a neutrality poll. It was the least answered question in the questionnaire. It was answered with probably the least amount of thought. It is the hardest question to evaluate.
Isolation Policy
lean acquiescence in the FrancoEnglish policy of ‘keeping Germany weak’ following the 1914-18 war has probably contributed to the development of such ‘gangster rule’ as is the Nazi rule in Germany,” stated one member. Many students felt that they were unable to give competent suggestions for a permanent plan of world peace, but that was not the idea of the question. The idea was, on the other hand, to get the student to make suggestions, no matter how feasible they were in practicality.
Accident Injures Three
Question nine, the degree of re-* sponsibility of the effect of the United States’ policy ot “isolation” in fostering the present European situation, brought forth many interesting and well thought out comments. As a body the students did not feel that the country’s “isolation” policy was in any way responsible for the existing difficulties. But those who believed it was were strong in their accusations. America’s failure to enter the League of Nations was given by many as a majoi contributing factor in the present situation. Others believe that had the United States taken a firm stand, pledging to go to the aid of the Allies when Hitlei invaded Czecho Slovakia, he would have been more cautious in his last invasion. Don’t Break An Arm On the other hand, one student commented, “We must not get the idea that we are the most important and most powerful nation on the face of the earth (although we may be), and thk because of this, we can direct the destiny of the rest of the world.” The faculty comments on question mne were very similar to thosfe put forward by the students. “Amer-
Band Members Saturday
Suggest United Europe
Formulation of a United States of Europe was given as the most feasible plan by students. “Europe under one government, an extremely just and benevolent autocracy, would be the most valuable guarantee of world peace. Redistribution of world resources, pruning in overpopulated areas, and education, emphasizing humanity rather than nationalism, are slow but natural steps toward a peaceful civilization,” commented one student. Many did not believe that permanent peace could be attained Others, many in fact, believed that it would come only through the World-Wide spread of practiced Christianity. “Peimanent peace depends on
A small piece of inner tube climaxed the day for three members of the band Saturday afternoon when a car, swerving sharply to avoid hitting the bus, blew out a tire, sending a portion of the tube with the valve through the windshield of the bus, missing the driver and hitting those directly behind. M. Hunter Smith, drum major, received a cut on the chin, William M Hilt suffered a broken nose, while Harold L. Minkler I’eceived a cut on the hand A car was halted and the boys weie sent ahead to the Logansport hospital where five stitches were taken in Smith’s chin.
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
— AND —
“* (BUN • PMKtK
Accounts For Sale
The following accounts are offered by the undersigned as Agents, for sale. The right is reserved to reject in
full or in part any offer.
Lee L. Long, 1305 N. 17th, Lafayette, Ind Fred and Bettie Rayl, 621 S. 9th St, Lafayette, Ind Emil C. Rehwinkel, R 3, Lafayette, Ind. Walter Boen, R. 4, Lafayette, Ind W. R. Chatham and Thos A Lewis, R. 4, Lafayette, Ind. Roman B. and Sylvia Eckhart, R. 3, Lafayette, Ind. W. R. Chatham, R 4, Lafayette, Ind. Betty McQuisten, 1127 State, Lafayette, Ind Charles Siegfried, 2213 N 20th, Lafayette, Ind. Mrs. E. J. Dexter, 710 Brown, Lafayette, Ind. Mrs H. H. Randolph, 23 Lincoln, Lafayette, Ind. Mrs. Fern Hooker, 705 North, Lafayette, Ind. Rexie Pasme, Buck Creek, Ind. C. H. and Mary Sheets, Ockley, Ind. Betty Widner, R. R. 2, Delphi, Ind. Mrs. P. G. Krull, 10 Meridian, Frankfort, Ind. Dons Locke, 222 E. Broadway, Logansport, Ind. Virginia Morgan, 116 N. Jackson, Attica, Ind. Bonnie Raber, 1607 A Ave., New Castle, Ind. Helen Behrman, 516 Beach St., Flint, Mich.
Account $ 46 00 167 30 238 86
70.00 40.00 716.43 65 00 61.99 104.13 23.75
188.67
64.40 186.00 449.76 41.26
. 28.73 . 26.06
46.61
. 99.13 . 183.68
The above listed accounts are guaranteed by the owners to be CORRECT AND UNDISPUTED, and will be advertised for sale until sold. All bids for the purchase of the above accounts will be received at the ofiice of the undersigned.
POWER’S SERVICE
With the opening football game just a memory to some and a hangover to others, we will open the new week with loads of Contribs. On opening our box today, we found only 16 contribs—not enough dirt. Hope that C.B. and L.M. made the best use of their MARS PASSES last week. We will announce this week’s winner the end of the week —let’s all try to win; it makes for more dirt and stuff.
B & B Did you know that YVONNE PRICE was the typical “Career Woman?” Ask her about it sometime. You ask her, we are too tired. (Ed’s note.) B & B
The simple Frosh Comes to Purdue Has a girl home He’s faithful to.*
Not so with the Learned Sophomore He runs around With three or four.**
The Junior learned From reading books He picks his girls For more than looks
English 31 instructors are currently asking for a theme on “How I .... .” Our roommate sat with his fingers poised over his typewriter keyboard waiting for the inspiration . . . and then let his hands fall in his lap in utter frustration. We asked him what was wrong, and he muttered bitterly, “I’ve never done anything!” * Hi K
The Senior knows Just what to do He doesn’t hesitate He plunks a pin And then he knows - He surely has a date.
All right, English department, now what are you going to do?
complete disarmament, though not to the extent of leaving borders unfortified. Permanent peace depends on a greater measure of free trade between nations. This can not be achieved, however, until the cooperation plan as practiced in Norway, Sweden, and Denmark is more widely accepted, and used,” said one faculty poll.
HOLDS YOUR TIE RIGHT
• The ingenious Ascot Tie Guard by Hickok will keep your tie right. It's smarter, too, for nothing shows but the handsome emblem— and there is a large variety from which to choose. Prices beoin at
GRIK AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘You’ll just have to wait for dinner—I’ve spent a miserable day watching new furniture delivered to the Smith’s next door!”
started to get into their car Saturday night! What did their Pi Phis think? B.D.? A.S? J.Y. 6 & B
Cal (fish No. 2). RESULT—The boys aip mad and Marge is looking for another date ... we wonder why? Can all girls from New York be this dumb? ... or smart.
She’s faithful two—or three. **Dozen—^it wouldn’t rhyme. —EMANON. B & B Ed’s note: That was pretty good, EMANON—should have left your name. We are trying to reward thinkers and anyone can see you have some good sound thoughts— or IS it disappointment ? B & B Stuff And Things What Sigma Chi is trying to keep “JlP” MESSMORE, Beta Flash, from dating Kappa SHAW now that he has his pin back? . . . Has Phi Gam Prexy, BOB VIEHE, given up dating Purdue co-eds for a nurse at the Home Hospital? . . . Ex-De-bris Co-ed Executive, GINNY LARAMORE, was back last week-end to harvest a Beta pin of two years ago ... Is Phi Delt PERRIN hounding the Sweet Shoppe in search of a Freshman Sucker for a GOLD DIGGER’S bid? B & B The B &B Dept, wishes to take this opportunity to extend pur humblest thanks to “BOOTNOSE” for taking the tongue-lashing given him by the Alpha Chis (we have to put up with that every day, BOOT!) To the Alpha Chis we extend our regrets—we thought that we were giving you the best publicity ever. _ B & B We wonder why BILL SCHILLING and GEO. SELKE (SPE) looked so surprised when they
Dear Gentlemen ( ’) Enclosed please find contrib for which do not blame anyone in particular. Your desperate plea for said material touched me so deeply that I have lain awake nights racking my so-called brain for some weak thought to come forth. The result of which I am sending: “There was the Eskimo girl who was so tired that she had Arctic circles under her eyes.” BETTY HANA, “ 303 Waldron. Phew! B & B
Posters
. . . from foreign lands are being displayed by the applied design department in Home Economics building number 2 during the next two weeks. Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland, Austria, and Germany are among the countries represented in the exhibit, which consists of the most modern planning in color, art and design.
Short, Short Stary Marge Thomas, WRH Freshman, made a date with Phil Templeton (SPE) for a pledge dance. Our little “Cutie” then proceeded to break that date and make one with Cal Field (SPE No. 2). Our heroine does not stop here, nay! She (still Marge) made a date with Jim Orton (sucker No. 3) for Saturday night and then broke that to go out with
LUI^
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
HE COULD STILL SMACK ’EM DOWN...AND HE DID!
VKTORMcUGUN
CX'
TOM BROWN-NAN GREY
ALSO
Ptncftd ty CLARENCE BHOWN MYBNA VTBOMB LDY-PCflR-BRIfiT
FEATURE STARTS 1:00 - 3:08 - 5:16 - 7:24 - 9:32
Main
NOW SHOWING
A REAL ALL-STAR CAST: in a real all heart drama' Carole against Kay for Garyti Don’t miss the fireworks!}
SCREEN SENSATION! All-Star Screen Hit!ii't*
T.'S'W ”
Tuesday, October 3, 1939
£xf20mnt Spo^iiA^ fiaqsL
3 •
Promising Sophomores Brighten Baseball Outlook Aided in their task of refilling the positions vacated by the six graduating veterans from the varsity nine, the baseball coaching staff is favored this season by an outstanding group of sophomore prospects. ^
Making strong bids for the outfield posts vacated by Ross Dean and Tommy Dickinson are secondyear men Waterhouse and Stallings, outstanding members of the freshman diamond squad of two seasons back, who re-entered school this fall after a one year layout. Also fighting for the fielding position are three southpaws — Brown, Meinke, and Mitchell. Shortstops Trying to fill the shoes of Jimmy Thompson, last season’s shortstop and captain, are Keene and Johnson. Keene was an outstanding performer on last year’s frosh diamond squad. Bud Fisher, understudy to veteran Art Bredewater last season, seems destined to fill the position left open by the graduation of the stellar backstop. Sophomores Walton and Crawford are pushing Fisher for the catching berth. Pitching The outstanding loss dealt to the pitching staff by graduation was that of Arnold Bredewater of the famous Big Ten battery combination of A. Bredewater and A. Bredewater. However, veterans Bailey, Emmert, Wargo, and Warner have returned to mound duty and will
carry the brunt of the pitching assignments during the forthcoming season. Senior veteran Frank Smithson will retain his last season’s rating as guardian of the initial sack, ably assisted by two sophomore rookies. Second Base Back in his old position at the keystone bag and also serving in the added capacity of one of the cocaptains will be Wayne Heame, Absent from fall practice again this season is Felix Mackiewicz, who is handling a good portion of the right end assignments on the Riveter grid squad. Mackiewicz plays third base and is also cocaptain of the 1940 team. /"M Schedules SOFTBALL—Today Diamond 1— Ward 11 vs. Ward 2. 2— Ward ft vs. Ward 22. 3— Ward 1 vs. Ward 6. 4— Ward 14 vs. Ward 4. 6—Ward 16 vs. Ward 7. 6— ^Ward 3 vs. Ward 27. 7— ^Ward 13 vs. Ward 26. 8— Ward 8 vs. Ward 6. 9— ^Ward 26 vs. Ward 12. 10— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 2. 11— Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 18. 12— Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. 13— Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 12. 14— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 4. 16—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. 16—Theta Chi vs. Theta Tau.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
...SEND your laundry home by convenient
Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this: It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call for your weekly package, speed it away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and it’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839 ...A CtHtury of Strviet... 1939 Railway Express AOENCY, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
The Scorecard ,We bow our head in shame . . . but it wasn’t all our fault. We consider this year’s opening week one of the worst in years . . . for forecasters. In our list of “20 games last Saturday five ended in ties, while there was surely what we all agree were one or two upsets . . . Chicago’s loss to Beloit for one. Papurca, Clark Best J. H. Papurca and W. C. Clark were the best guessers last week, each picking 11 correct winners. While their percentage was only .560, had there not been five tie games they would undoubtedly have had mor^i respectable results. Correct for nine winners were Frank Dubber, J. L. Traugott and the sports editor (shame on him). R. L. Reiley was next in line with eight correct winners. As far as individual game accuracy was concerned, Frank Dubber had everyone beat. He picked two scores exactly right . . . the Texas A & M victory over Centenary, 140, and the St. Mary’s triumph over Gonzaga, 19-0. He Guessed a Tie! Traugott called the turn on the Oklahoma-Southern Methodist tie ' by guessing a 12-12 tie . . . the actual result was 7-7. Several guessers came within one point of guessing some of the final scores. Only one Purdue student who turned in his predictions saw the Irish victory over the Boilermakers. For your benefit, the_ results of Saturday’s score of games was as follows: UCLA 6, Texas Christian 2. Tulane 7, Clemson 6. St. Mary’s 19, Gonzago 0. Vanderbilt 13, Rice 12. Texas A & M 14, Centenary 0. Southern California 7, Oregon 7. Oregon State 12, Stanford 0. Santa Clara 7, Utah 7.
Pitt 27, Washington 6. Butler 12, Ohio U. 7. Beloit 6, Chicago 0. Illinois 0, Bradley 0. Nebraska 7, Indiana 7. Iowa 41, South Dakota 0. Michigan State 16, Wayne 0. Minnesota 62, Arizona 0. Oklahoma 7, So. Methodist 7. Wisconsin 14, Marquette 13. Tennessee 13, N. Carolina State 0. Notre Dame 3, Purdue 0. With the firm belief and sincere hope that guessers will have better luck this week we publish the second week’s score of games. We hope somebody gets 20 right: Arkansas Texas Christian California St. Mary’s Chicago Wabash Fordham Alabama Michigan Michigan State Nebraska Minnesota Northwestern Oklahonia Notre Dame Georgia Tech ... Ohio State Missouri Oregon Stanford Rice Centenary So. Cal Wash. State Temple Carnegie Tech Tennessee Sewanee. Tulane Alabama Poly Vanderbilt Kentucky Washington UCLA Wisconsin Texas Yale Columbia NAME
Football Team Satisfies Elward In Opening Game “The team displayed the best opening-game form that a Purdue eleven has ever shown,” commented Head Coach Mai Elward about last Saturday’s nation headliner against Notre Dame. With the three-point margin of defeat coming from the toe of a reserve quarterback, Johnny Kelleher, the two elevens battled on almost' even terms for the full sixty minutes of action.
Archery Tourney To Start Friday The 13th On Friday, October 13, the allcampus archery tournament will start, with a trophy being awarded to the winner and medals to the two runners^p. Those interested should sign up with Art Gray, instructor at the range on the threehole golf course, or on the intramural bulletin board.
Eigfit Fraternities Qualify For Finals In Golf Tournament Led by a trio of Phi Kappa Sigma golfers with a team score of 227, eight fraternities qualified for the finals in the inter-fraternity golf tournament last week. Trailing closely in the qualifying ■roimd was Phi Delta Theta with 229. The other qualifiers and their scores: Delta Tau Delta, 232; Alpha Tau Omega, 234; Kappa Sigma, 236; Phi Kappa Psi, 236; Theta Chi, 236; and Beta Theta Pi, 237. Fraternities will match players in whatever way they want to and the team which takes two of the three matches over 18 holes will advance in the finals. The first matches must be played by Thursday. The pairing for the finals is: Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Sigma. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi. ^ .Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi.
Forty-one foreign nations were represented in the student body of Columbia University’s summer session.
iOeauL
U 16 uour>6
Mr. Long, Mr. Martyne and Mr. Gregory extend their invitation to visit Loeb's Beauty Salon. With Fall dances here and the Formal season not far off, co-eds will want to be assured of beauty the year around. They know the best satisfaction is from Loeb^s.
Phone 7901
Beauty Salon LOEB & M ENE COAAPANY
Soft Watet
Paced by Rankin, DeWitte, Johnson, Momingstar, Byelene, and Bykowski, according to Elward, the Boilermakers matched the Ramblers in first downs and length of punts, but never penetrated into Notre Dame territory farther than the 37-yard line. Most of Purdue’s ground-gaining took place in their own territory. Suffers Broken Nose The only mentionable casualty of the strenuous fray came to halfback Jack Brown, who suffered a broken nose. Pete Timperman, tackle, received a slight setback to the recovery of his ailing leg, although the injury is expected to improve. An open date in the schedule for next Saturday will give the Riveter squad time to recuperate, and also to perfect their attack against the Minnesota Gophers at Minneapolis on October 7. Frosh, Varsity Tangle I In their opening game last Saturday Minnesota bowled over Arizona,, 62-0, which indicates that the Gohper squad will again be in the championship fight. On Saturday the varsity, will tangle with the frosh gridders who will be employing Minnesota plays. For the first time in Notre Dame history, an Irish team attempted a field goal from the five-yard line on the fourth down with only one yard to go. Highlighting the Boilermakers’ defensive play, Notre Dame was thrown back to the 11-yard line on the fourth down after they^had earned a first down on the Purdue four-yard line. 'B'Grid Team Losey OpenerTo mini, 13-0 Dampened by a constant rain throughout the contest, the Riveter “B” team fought a losing battle against the Illinois grid reserves last Friday night, being dropped by the score of 13-0. The ball-handling was extremely loose during the game and both Illini touchdowns were directly the result of Boilermaker fumbles. Special attention was focused on this game because it inaugurated Friday night football in the Big Ten. Following the encounter at Champaign, the “B” squad was taken to South Bend in order to view the Notre Dame game on Saturday. Opening the home football schedule for this year, the “B” team will tackle St. Joseph’s College on the West Side football field next Friday night. ' Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” .WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:16
All athletes have MILK on their training tables. They are the people who make the hits, and the long runs you cheer. Although you may not be an athlete, you need MILK to keep your good health. Good health will enable you to keep up in your school work, and appreciate the powerful athletic teams you now have. SUNSHENE FARMS PHONE 50151 »
. vjrl
m% ■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday< October 3/ 1939
Comideting
. . . the cast for Playshop’s forthcoming pioduction, “Brother Rat,” Bill Adams has been selected to portray the character of the ever timid and always picked on plebe, Mistol
NOTICES
Scabbard and Blade Meeting in Aimory Wednesday October 4 at 7 30 p m —OLSON.
Agricultural Education Society Meeting and smoker Wednesday October 4, at 7 30 P m in the Old Chestnut room of the Union All students in the Agricultural Education Option are urged to attend —BREWER.
Radio Club Meeting tonight at 7 30 in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building Refreshments —PATTERSON
Senior Women Short meeting foi all senior \y omen at 4 o’clock today in the Women’s Lounge Class insignia for this year yvill be decided upon —ZIMMERMAN
Sophomore Union Workers Our staffs meet in personnel office of the Executive building at 4 p m Tuesday October 3 Important' —BENNETT, HOPFER
Sophomores All those interested in Student Senate woik report to room A of the Union building Tuesday October 3 at 4 p m —ESTEY
WSGA Executive Board Meeting Wednesday October 4 at 4 p m in room A of the Union —SICKMAN
Purdue Gvmnastics Club First Meeting Wednesday October 4 at 7 30 p m in room 105 of the Fieldhouse Election of president and manager will take place —IMHOFF
Gimlet Formal pledging at Phi Celt house at 7 p m Tuesday October 3 —FRAZEE
A Ph A Meet in room 506 Pharmacy building at 4 p m Tuesday October 3 —OSBORNE
WAA Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament These people have not played first round playoff games The games should be played immediately They are Jane Fishliegh and Gobeille vs Marjorie Ward and Swing, also Louise Thomas and Duncheck vs Eleanor Harrison and Bibbin —WALKER
Girl’s Singles Tenms Tournament: These girls have not played first round playoff games The games should be played immediatelv They are A Spector vs S Emhoff R Swift vs T Decker E Kirkhoff vs N Cooper M White vs V EngenbrigKt, and J Morris vs R Poland —WALKER
Junior Prom Exponent Anyone desiring to obtain a free copy of the 1939 prom edition of the Purdue Exponent should come to the east Exponent office of the Union any time Tuesday afternoon October 3 —INSLEY
Outing Club Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday October 8 Meet at Carter’s Bicycle Shop at 12 30 Bring 20 cents for fooQ Special ntes on bicycles Call Jeanette Morris 2430 by Saturday evening, October 7 for reservations —HARRISON
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR BOYS in new home Tiled shower gas heat Private entrance Phone 3143
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., OCT. 4, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS., OCT. 5, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferry
Sophomore Union Workers. A short but very important meeting of my staff will he held today, Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p m in the reception room of the Union —BRODD
Senior and Junior Military Students: Sign payroll in Armory office immediately Delay in signing means delay in receiving pay. —ADJUTANT
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meet at 140 S Grant at 6 p m for supper Tuesday —GLEASON.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, October 3 at 7 30 in room C of the Union -CORNELL
Pi Tan Sigma: Important meeting Monday, October 9 in reading room of Union Ail members are urged to attend for selection of pledges —EILERING
Ceres: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7 30 in the Agriculturist office of the Union. —NICKEY.
Tonchball Officials: All men interested in officiating touchball are to apply at the intramural office as soon as possible. There will be a meeting of all prospective officials in the intramural office at the Fieldhouse on October 8, at 4 p m. for the purpose of interpreting the rules. •—CLEVETT. Gold Peppers: Call for your hats at Southworth’s —MITCHELL.
Freshman Swimmers • First meeting of the freshman swimming team Thursday, October 5, at 6 p m —DICK
WAA Archery: Practices will be held on Monday and Thursday, October 2 and 6, evenings at 4 o’clock for all girls interested —MOREHOUSE
Varsity Water Polo: First meeting Thursday, October 6 fit 4 p m —DICK
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 8, in room C of Union at 7 30 p m —FRAUPZRBB
Military Students: second Novice Pistol Group begins firing at 4 p m Tuesday, October 3 Students Who have signed up for this group will report m rear of Armory at that time Students desiring to sign up for Third Novice Pistol Group may do so after Corps Day, 'Tuesday, October 8, in the supply room —^HOLMES.
ICE CREAM
FRENCH FRIES
— TASTY TOAST— Mrs. Ebershoff's Lunch Room ALL KINDS OF SANDWICHES, 5c and 10c
REGULAR MEALS 25c West Lafayette, Ind.
SHORT ORDERS
332 Northwestern Ave.
Co-ed Forensic Managers Meeting Tuesday at 4 p m , University Hall, room 308 —PDCHIN Purdue Engineer: Meeting of entire freshman and sophomore editorial staffs in office at 7 15 Wednesday, October 4 —SQUIRES
M. E. Students' Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M E building —BRYAN.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7 30 p m in room F of the Union Vice-president will be elected, convention report made, and dance plans discilssed —TERRIO.
Scabbard and Blade- Pledging and entertainment committee meeting will be Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p m —EILTRING
Triton Club' Meeting Tuesday, October 8, at 7 30 p m There will be a chance to pass off membership requirements —SPEARS
Bowling; All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union building Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p m Election of officers and formation of teams will take place —STUCKEY
Fraternity Presidents Council Dinner meeting Thuisday October 5, at 6 p m at the Pi Kappa Phi house —CATTERALL
POMM: Meeting Tuesday, October 8, in room 103 of Armory —HOTLER.
Eta Kappa Nu; Important meeting Wednesday, October 4, 7 p m in room 134, E E building —KEEN
Religious Council: No meeting Monday —SWOPE
Tau Beta Pi Chapter officers will meet with faculty advisers at 4 30 p m Friday, October 6 in loom C of the Union —CATTERALL
FOR SALE FOR SALE—1933 Chevrolet coupe Good condition Ask for Phil Hartman at 318 N Grant
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Eberahoff, 606 Main Street
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Yellow gold wrist watch with gold chain Telephone 55631 Reward
LOST—Books and slide rule on Bussell Field Please call Teeter, 3223
LOST—One set Richter Praecision drawing instruments Liberal reward Call Toles, 61403
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Reduced rates on room and board male student to fire furnace Phone 3210
MAN WANTED Student to take orders for Nash Custom Tailored Clothes. Fine line of Domestic and Imported fabrics in every wanted weave, pattern and color shade. Large selection of highly attractive goods authentically styled to your customer’s choice. No investment Complete sample equipment including full measuring instiuctions. No experience necessary. Company guarantees customer’s satisfaction in the fit of his clothes. Excellent commission and bonus arrangement. Local branch offices in big cities. Write fully. The A. Nash Company, 1921 Elm Stieet, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned; Lynn, Monday, Pickett, Tuesday; Lannon and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
There Are Several Reasons Why you should have your clothes Crown Cleaned
Regularly—
But one is enough. You improve your personal
appearance.
iRiWB imimi
H E c
L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Florists
• School Supplies
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 \
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
• Hardware
FINEST IN TOWN Ed and Dick's HAMBURGER IN 808 Mam Phone 8251
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Tailor
• jewelers
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V2 Vine W Lafayette Phone 4965
FRED ASTAIRE has the right combination of great acting and dancing to give you more pleasure
THEY HAVE THE
FOR MORE PLEASURE C_^hesterfield blends the Right Combination of the finest American and Turkish tobaccos to give you a milder, better-tasting smoke with a more pleasing aroma... And when you try them you’ll find that these are the qualities Chesterfield has above all others in giving you More Smoking Pleasure. THEY SATISFY. hesterfield
Copyright 1939, Liggbtt & Myers Tobacco Co.