Tyinjou^ QhhiiJtmaA,
diappij^ Tlow UmA
Students Sing After Game At First Outdoor Caroling One thousand students turned out for the post-game singfest last night and 2,000 turned up in^the cafeteria where free doughnuts and coffee were served to all. As A1 Stewart spoke the words, “Let’s sing one verse of ‘Hail Purdue’ and then go down to the cafeteria,” there was a mad rush, and the fading strains of the last song came floating back from the doors of Mi————— the cafeteria.
NSFA Congressmen Register Here For Annual Meeting With 125 registered for the 14th annual NSFA congress, meeting here December 27-31, Bob Schumacher, congress chairman, looks forward to a new Congress'‘attendance record. “Our longest distance delegate yet registered will come from Washington University, Seattle,” said Bob last night. Last week-end Schumacbev announced the orchestras for the two congress dances. Chuck Coe will play for the opening dance Tuesday, December 27. Friday night’s formal will hear Bud Bryant. Bryant will also play for the formal dinner preceding the dance. ; The dances are closed to'^all except congress delegates, unless the person has a pass bearing Schumacher’s signature. Town girls are asked to hand in their names and heights to Tot McQueen, Mary McClelland, Peggy Timberlake, or Bob Schumacher at the Senate office if they desire dates for the dances. Sergeant Gain To Retire After Active Career University ROTC corps will be presented to Master Sergeant R. Gain, of the military department, at the regular corps day formation in the Armory today in recognition of his retirement after 30 years of active service in the U. S. Army. Sergeant Gain entered the Army October 22, 1908 and during his 30year career has been in every state in the Union, England, France, Belgium, Italy, Canada, and Mexico. He fought on the Mexican border from 1911 to 1916 during the outbreak of bandit trouble, and in the World War he fought overseas, where he rose from private to top sergeant. Came Here In 1930 On January 16, 1930, Sergeant Gam came to the University, where he has been working in the military supply office. Being promoted here from sergeant to staff sergeant and then to technical sergeant, he received his last advancement Saturday when he became a master sergea^nt. Speaking yesterday about his work here. Sergeant Gain said: “It’s lather late in life to start on a new career, but if in any woi’k I may enter I enjoy it so much and make so many pleasant acquaintances as I have at Puidue, I shall feel well rewarded for my effort.” 150 Faculty Members Attend Chemistry Party Chemistry department held its annual last night Christmas party in the Union ballroom from 8 to 12. The party was a radio dance with provisions for cards and other forms of entertainment. J. F. Bourland, chairman in charge of arrangements, stated that the party was held in order that the chemical staff could get together and become better acquainted. Santa Claus presented gifts at 9:30. Approximately 160 attended.
Purdue Exponent
Vol. 50
No. 84
Lafayette, Indiana
TUESDAY
December 20, 1938
Students gathered in front of the Union immediately following last night’s Connecticut State basketball game and sang seven Christmas carols, winding up with “Silent Night” before A1 Stewart’s announcement sent them scurrying inside. Breaking the Silence Members of the Men’s Glee Club and the University Choir opened the songfest with “In the Still of the Night,” from the balcony above the audience on the southwest corner of the Union. Led by the voices of Glee Club and Choir members which were amplified by the public address system, the crowd began with “It Came Upon the Midnight Clear.” Words were displayed on a screen hung on the wall of the building for the benefit of the singers. “Hark the Herald Angels Sing,” “Oh, Come All Ye Faithful,” “Joy to the World,” “Jingle Bells,” with variations as the men sang one verse and the girls another, “Oh, Little Town of Bethlehem,” and “Silent Night,” with the crowd alternating with the balcony group. A grand “Hail Purdue,” ended the annual songfest, and the gathering dispersed in favor of doughnuts. Try-Outs For Third Playshop Drama Will BegmAf4p.m. Today Playshop will present the third play of the 1938-39 season February 15 to 18. “This Thing Called Love” by Edwin Burke, will replace “Bury the Dead,” which was originally scheduled for presentation at this time. Under the direction of H. Kenn Carmichael and staged by John Dietrich, the try-outs for cast selections will be held today at 4 p.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Five men and five women are needed m the cast. “Some extra Purdue beauties will find that their talents will be fully appreciated by Playshop,” states Carmichael. “This thing calle"d Love” is a comedy which specializes in turning pet beliefs on love topsy-turvy. The story centers around Ann Marvin, tea room operator who has been completely scared of marriage by the unhappy matrimonial life of her sister. It also helps her to brew a theory (as well as her tea) that if love can be kept out of marriage it can be a happy thing. Firmly believing her theory sound, she enters into a type of “companionate marriage” with Tice Collins, an American millionaire who has made a fortune engineering in Peru. N. U. Game Tickets All student passport tickets must be turned in to the ticket office by Wednesday December 21 if the owner wants a reserved seat for the Northwestern game on January 7, according to C. S. (Pop) Doan. Miss RoseM. Darst.. . . . formerly a member of the Art Department of the school of home economics at the University, will be an instructor in the art department at the University of Wisconsin during the summer of 1989, according to a recent announcement. She is now a member of the staff at the Kansas State Agricultural College at Manhattan, Kan.
Weather Forecast for Indiana: Probably rain in south, snow or rain in north today; tomorrow, fair and colder.
Riveters SV^Coisiascticut State 30 Union And PWA Cables Lambert Uses Three Teams
Sponsor Benefit Tea Dance Today Helping to spread cheer during the holiday season, the Student Union and Purdue Ward Association will hold a tea dance in the Union ballroom this afternoon from 4 p.m. till 5:45. Admission will be anything students care to bring in the way of clothes, food, or toys which will be turned over to the local Red Cross chapter to distribute among those who are less fortunate than others. Clothing is especially desired for local distribution. Committee members have high hopes of a good turnout among students to aid the Red Cross in supplying the needy. In keeping with the spirit of the season and occasion, Irvan Maury’s orchestra will donate their services for the dance. Both men and women students are requested to bring some one of the items mentioned above for their admission at the door. Bryant To Represent Purdue In Broadcast John Bryant, senior mechanical from Westfield, N. J., has been chosen by a student committee to represent the University on the Collegiate Revue broadcast over station WOR, Newark, N. J., on Saturday, December 24. Bryant, a Theta Xi, has been active in Debris and other campus organizations during his four years here, and through his travels is in a position to compare and differentiate between University traditions, customs and campus and those of other schools throughout the midwestern and eastern schools. Chosen from a group of over 15 students who replied to the article in Sunday’s Exponent, Bryant is to be at the WOR studios in the Bamberger Building at 11 o’clock Saturday morning. Zouave Drill Purdue Order of Zouaves will drill before the second brigade in the Armory during corps day today. With the exception of Captain Hurst, the drill team will be made up entirely of men pledged this year. A similar drill was presented befoie the first brigade last Thursday.
Holiday Note Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, received the following cablegram last night from Manila, P. I., expressing Dr. Elliott’s season’s greetings to the students and faculty of the University: “Broadcast to the campus my grateful appreciation of accomplishments and give best wishes for the holiday season.” ELLIOTT. Music Hall Plans Move Forward R. B. Stewart, University controller, and Walter Scholer, local architect, will leave tomorrow for New York to confer with Andrew J. Fouilleaux, consulting architect, on completion of plans for the new Auditorium and Music Hall at the University. The contract for 'completion of the building will be let at the next regular meeting of the Universit3'' board of trustees, January 19. Excavation and foundations, for which A. F. Kemmer received the contract some time ago, have been completed and are^ awaiting the principal part of the structure. Ag Conference Will Open Here Jan. 9 W. F. Graham, superintendent of the farm and home week activities, announced recently that the annual Agricultural Conference which will be held at the University will open January 9, and will last until January 14. Phases of this conference will be farm management, home economics, livestock and dairy husbandry, and training in leadership. Speakers from all over the country will address delegates on almost every topic contained in the field of agriculture. Director Coleman will preside at the opening general session in Eliza Fowler Hall on Monday afternoon, January 9, at 1:15. Publication Dates Exponent suspends regular publication with this issue until after the Christmas holiday. Friday, January 6, will be the date of publication of the next regular paper. A special issue will be printed during the NSFA convention during the holiday period.
Doc Miller Runs Beauty Contest To Enliven Dispensation Of Medical Aid To Students
By R. E. Ahlf
“Ste-e-ep right up, gentlemen; get your pills for colds and whatevei ails you Who’s first? You? What’s the mattei with you? “Wait a minute—Have.you voted? Sony, you’ll have to vote first. No pills given, no tonsils treated, no ankles spiained, or hair tonic prescriptions wiitten until you vote. “Open wider, please. Yes, onethird of the contest is already over. The rest of it will be held after vacation. Contestants are the same as were entered in the ‘Miss America’ beauty contest held at Atlantic
City.
When the local contest is completed we will know whether the judges at Atlantic City were right in their selection of Miss America. “If any of you men have pictures
As Men Show Bad Offense Suffering from a “Blue Monday” complex, the Boilermaker basketball team succeeded in winning their fourth straight victory of the season here last night by defeating the traveling Connecticut State quintet 51-30. Although scoring was the highest that it has been in any game thus far, the Purdue play was decidedly not up to standard. Coach Lambert used 15 men during the game, but still was unable to find a combination which could approach anything that looked like the characteristic Boilermaker style of fast offensive drive.
From the beginning the play of Purdue’s regulars, Igney, Fisher, Anderson, Dickinson, and Beretta, was marked by poor passing and in-
of yourself in a pair of trunks, so much the better. We’ll have a special contest to select the most handsome Purdue ed. Pictures of your best g’irl in a bathing suit are also
welcome.”
The standing after the first third of the present contest is over, places the only blond, a Miss Long Beach, first, with 136 votes. Miss Empire State and Miss California follow in second and third positions. Votes are cast in a sealed container on secret ballots, and Doc himself counts them. In order to vote: tear the top off the nearest University building, mail in with 10 bottle caps to cover certain costs, and then go in every day with a bad cold and vote as you get your cough syi-up (99.44 per
cent C2H60H).
Trojans Will Invade Riveter Stronghold For Holiday Game Piggy Lambert’s undefeated hardwood sharpshooters will wind up their initial home stay when they meet the University of Southern California Trojans in the Fieldhouse Thursday night. The Boilermakers defeated the Trojans last year on the California floor, 49-43. Students will be admitted upon presentation of passports as usualf and will be seated in the south section. Townspeople may purchase tickets at the Fieldhouse ticket of-
fice.
One of Coach Justin “Sam” Barry’s sharpshooters who will see action in the game Thursday is Ralph Vaughan, stellar forward for the Trojans who ranked second to Hank Luisetti on the Pacific Coast. Another forward with Vaughan is Clem Ruh, aggressive and skillful ball handler who clicks in the fast breaking game. ' The nucleus of the Western squad is Dale Sears, six foot two inch center, who is an outstanding tip-in artist and well known for his ability to get the ball on the rebound. At the guard position the Trojans have two returning lettermen in Tom McGarvin and Gail Goodrich. McGarvin is a strong defensive player who displays plenty of drive and is cog of the offensive play. Goodrich is captain and can play at either guard or forward. He is a dead-eye when close to the basket. The above five men constitute the starting five for the Southern Calfornia basketeers who will endeavor to even the series with the Riveters. Cosmopolitan Clubs Adjourn Convention At a two-day Cosmopolitan Regional Convention held here Sunday and yesterday, December 18 and 19, the University played host to 31 delegates from the Cosmopolitan Clubs of Chicago, Northwestern, Illinois, and Indiana Universities. Seventy-five members of the club attended a banquet held Sunday evening at 6:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge. Prof. F. C. Hockema gave an address of welcome to the visiting members, and Prof. H. L. Creek spoke on “Cosmopolitanism and International Affairs.” At a meeting following the banquet, the idea of holding a regional convention every year was discussed, and Northwestern University agreed to be host next year. Vacation Tuesday yet... ...THEN WEDNESDAY BUT, remember finals!
effectiveness in hitting the basket. Connecticut State exhibited a splendid man-to-man defense and managed to keep the Purdue team trying for the basket from far out in the field. Peterson was particularly effective for the State team in the breaking up of Purdue under-the-basket work and in preventing many shots from being followed in. Lambert Substitutes Dissatisfied with the work of the regular five, Lambert substituted an entirely new team after only 11 minutes of the game had been run and with the score standing at 13-9 in favor of Purdue. Even this new combination was unable to snap the play back into the customary accurate passing, short shooting, fast break offensive which has carried the team to three victories already this season, and the half ended with the score at 21-16. The line-up remained imchanged at the start of the second half with Zink, Hutt, Swarts, Yeager and Vernon in for the Boilermakers. When Harry Zink, fast senior forward, connected with two baskets in succession and “Red” Swarts successfully sank a long shot from far out in the field to place the Boilermakers in front 27-16, it appeared that the team might be set for a brilliant last half finale. More Substitutes But with 15 minutes still left in the game, Lambert again substituted freely, with the play in general remaining very ragged. Occasionally a fast break drive would click, and gradually Purdue had lengthened their lead until at the end of the game they were out in front 51 to 30.
PUKDUE (51) Igney, f Zink, f Fisher, 'f-c Hutt, f Lorenz, f Stamm, f .. Witsman, f Anderson, c Swartz, c Dickinson, g Yeager, g Beretta, g Vernon, g Herschelman, g Barsha, g Totals CONN. STATE (30) Donnelly, f Spadola, f Vermis, f Koch, f Peterson, c Kosikowsky, g Yusievicz, g Bloom, g Bi-ooks, g
Totals
Beferee,
Nick Kearns,
Adanib of Columbus.
F.G. 1 2 2 - 1 2 . 0 . 0 . 3 , 4 2 1 .. 1 1 3 0 23 F.G. 2 0 1 0 6 0 1 1 0 11 Umpire,
F.T. 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 0
F.T, 2 0 1 0 1 1 2 0 1 8 Glenn
Monroe McCown... ... of the horticultural extension staff of the University has received his doctor of philosophy degree at Ohio State University. His thesis for his doctoi'ate was based on a study he made of the cellular development of the fruit stem, chemical change that takes place preceding the separation of the fruit from the tree. This is to be a basis for further work in finding out what causes some i^ples to drop before they are ripe and others to remain on the tree.SdiiffiiaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J^atuhoA.
Tuesdcty, December 20, 1938,
While Purdue...
. . . students vacation at home during the next two weeks, over 200 student government leaders from American colleges and universities will take over the campus for a five-day convention. Sponsored by the National Student Federation of America, better known as the NSFA, the conclave will be the 14th Annual Congress. From December 27 to 31 the Congress is scheduled to run, and its five day program provides for a wealth of instruction, discussion, and entertainment. Purdue is able to play host to these NSFA representatives this year as a result of the efforts of last year’s Student Senate president, Dan Rohyans. Bob Schumacher, senior public service engineering senatoi, IS Congress Chairman. His responsibility is to make the convention a success both from an educational and a financial standpoint. The University will offer excellent housing and boarding facilities for the delegates, the Memorial Union Building will operate at full strength and will supply meeting room, delegates will be entertained with two dances, a formal banquet, and a tea. The Exponent ivill publish a special convention issue during the session. NSFA conclaves are run on the “commission system.” This means that many more forums and dis-
cussions are pianiled than any one delegate could possibly attend. Delegates all indicate their choice of the seps^rate meetings or “commissions” and attend several of the 16 scheduled. Findings and recommendations of these commissions are compiled in reports to be read at a plenary session which all delegates attend. Proving they mean business by giving up five days of their Christmas vacation, these delegates will come here to exchange ideas, to solve problems of student government, and to discuss the relationships of the student body to the outside world. NSFA does yearround service to its member school along these lines and publicizes its work through a weekly newspaper —^the NSFA Reporter. We think that Purdue could attract no better conference this year than this one. Student conventions as a rule are of value to small schools and schools which are behind the times, but are worthless to the lafge, modern college. This conclave, however, should prove an exception since it will attack some of the larger problems which even the modern schools find troublesome. If this conference can be run in a businesslike manner along the lines set down in its program it will prove worth both the time and money spent by the delegates and by the member schools. Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Beer Tuesday, December 20, 1938
Notices
nounced. For time of dinner see Georganna Huber. —WOOD.
Student Senate: Meeting of those attending convention, Tuesday, December 20, at 4 p m in the Student Senate office —SCHUMACHER.
Modem Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m —NEWMAN.
Tau Beta Pi: Formal initiation 4 30 pm. Tuesday, December 20, in the faculty lounge of the Union _ —SMITH
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 31-February 1, are requested to make application, if possible, before leaving for the holidays, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical work will be given preference —STONE
Classiiked ms
MISCELLANEOUS
Purdue Christian Foundation. Caioling party will meet at 117 N Main St, West Lafayette, and leave from there at 8 30 p. m , Tuesday, December 20 All members and friends are invited —FINK
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies. C. F. EbershoS, 606 Main street.
Table Tennis League Being Formed This year, for the first time, a University table tennis club is being organized. A league is to be formed of teams of three men each who will play a round-robin schedule beginning after Christmas vacation. Medals will be given to the men on the two winning teams. University Team A University team will also be formed and matches played with other universities. Tournaments will be held later in the season.
NOTICE: As a special inducement to Purdue co-eds, the Phi Psis are offering with each and every pin merger a “Pin Serenade” of 10 minutes. This is for a limited period only and the lodge reserves all rights of withdrawal without notice. This IS a safety factor in case the brothers go pin-pushin’ crazy. —BAILEY, Prexy.
GEORGE SMALL, senior TKE, put his pm on SIDNEY DAVIS, Pedalion pledge. GEORGE did the damage on Saturday. Candy, serenade, and cigars were enjoyed by all.
We got several favorable comments on the idea of giving suggestions to various students as to what they should ask SANTA for Xmas. So we’ll try to give some more helpful (?) suggestions.
SULLY MASON—Something to be conceited about. STUBBY MEIER—Something to cheer about—excluding himself. BETTY ELSTUN—A soap box. PAT POTTER—A little (fraternity) pm money. FRED MENKE—A new eye-lash curler. DUSTY RHOADES — Eye-lid pi ops.
Marionette Club Workers: Anyone interested in working in the Marionette Club see me Tuesday, December 20, in the Union workshop. —GRIER.
All Students laving on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please call for your activities charts any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, between 2-6:30 p m Bring your passports or schedule card All charts must be called for before Wednesday, December 21. —SMITH.
JOB: Firing furnace during vacation at 616 University Call Delmer 2436
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown half-belt overcoat with middle button missing. Left in room 312, Purdue Hall, Wed , December 14 Reward Call 36681. Buell.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1937 V-8 coach. Good condition. $386 306 N. 18th. Call after 6. Phone 66943 Chapman.
Mortar Board: Christmas party Tuesday, December 20, instead of Thursday as an-
TODAY — WEDNESDAY COLMAIV N .... TMS 0#
MADELEINE CARROLL DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS, iTi . ^ aii^vpfn of Honpmv PrfidmtMif and
|.A iiOLUMBlA PICTURI also Mars,” Serial “Flash Gordon’s Trip to
The all-American boy star... In the picture ail America will take to Its heart! iOY'
lAfimm
TODAY-WED.
TODAY-WED.
ROBERT BENCHLEY
'HOW TO READ'
LUKA TODAY-WED.
Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year to All DAD^S PLACE
Best Wishes—Students Your "breathing spell” is almost here. We sincerely hope that the coming vacation will be a happy one for all of you who have so anxiously anticipated it, PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Jack KRAtJd£!k-A woman, any age, weight, size, or ability* BOB McCREERY—A. smile, but don’t crack his face. GIL TREDWELD-Some clothes. This isn’t Florida, Gdl. NORM MANKEY—Sorry, not enough room in this column. CHUCK DIXON—An excuse for himself. PI PHIS—A bar in their new house—save all those trips to town. VIVIAN Peterson—^Another bottle of peroxide. VIRGINIA HULSE—A return ticket for next year’s Beauty Contest—make it five straight years, GINNY. PARKER WYNN—A date with an ed that wants to put out his pin on a girl like her—that’s a tough one!
and ^Jder
By Georgann Schilling
“Him and Her, December 19th” reads the title of our assignment. And that means—well one of the year’s biggest week-ends has gone into oblivion, we have but one more day to roam about in this maze of uprooted dirt and scoop shovels known as our campus, and there are only four more legitimate shopping days. What’s more this is our last column of the year! We might be both consistent and conservative and also wish everyone a happy Chiist-
mas, a meiTy N^w YeaY, artd sd on, But it’s more fun being a Tugged individualist, and not even mentioning the approaching holidays. By the way, everyone’s plans for vacation vary somewhat, but ideas concerning the two “S’s” sleep and study, are present everywhere! Don’t fool yourself again; it’s only talk. By the third year no one even bothers to truck books home. —H-H— Though Wednesday’s trains will carry students to cities, towns, villages, and hamlets all over the 48 states, the campus will not remain barren for long. On December 27 the National Student Senate Convention will open here for a five day program. Delegates will be housed in the Union and campus sorority and fraternity houses. Some of the Exponent scribes are going to put out a special edition of the paper for the visitors on December 30, and much entertainment has been planned by the Senate for the guests. So all will not be quiet on the Purdue front after we’ve gone. —H-H— Poem for New Year’s Eve (or sermetirae thereabouts): I sit and write them out today “New Year’s plans! See?” I say And flaunt them proudly everyway. Resolved: To study every night. Sleep a little, not get tight. Or put my pin out on “The Light.” A month from now o’er them I’ll sigh. I’ll even sit and question “Why?” Forgetting ’twas that gin and rye.
aftka vUadLin^ton Cand AMERICA'S FINEST Vellinger’s Pharmacy Exclusive Agent's 834 MAIN STREET We Pack for Mailing Orders Early
Purdue Home Games Yet To Be Played SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA Thursday, December 22 ILLINOIS STATE TEACHERS Tuesday, January 3 NORTHWESTERN Saturday, January 7 PIGGLY WIGGLY
Faster Train Schedule of WABASH-PENNSYLVANIA Student Special Train to New York and Intermediate Points Leave LAFAYETTE W 4:15 p. m., Dec. 21 Arrive FORT WAYNE 7:15 p. m., Dec. 21 Arrive PITTSBURGH 1:15 a. m., Dec. 22 Arrive HARRISBURG 7:34 a. m., EST, Dec. 22 Arrive PHILADELPHIA 9:36 a. m., EST, Dec. 22 Arrive TRENTON 10:08 a. m., EST, Dec. 22 Arrive NEWARK 10:54 a. m., EST, Dec. 22 Arrive NEW YORK 11:10 a. ra., EST, Dec. 22 or earlier Through coaches, seats arranged so individuals can fully recline. 36 students to a car. Pillow service. Dining car serving all meals—also coach sandwich and coffee service. For special rates and information call Wabash Station. Telephone 7755. WA BASH
i>-;iTA"'^/^^'"-1;.; . 4srf:^<,u ^ ^ ^
tueedc^, Decdtkibdi' 2(^« 1938
THE FURDtIE
SpoiiA.
EXPONENT
Netmen Will Play Arkansas In Annual Sugar Bowl Tilt
V .
'P'MenWillChoose Blanket Hop Queen Queen of the "P” Men’s Club will be selected January 6 and 6 in a contest held hf the club in connection with their dance, the “P” blanket hop, scheduled for Saturday, January 7. The dance will take place immediately after the Northwestern game, and sports clothes will be in order.
Only students presenting tickets to the blanket hop will be allowed to vote. The election will take place in the lobby of the Union on Thursday and Friday of the week following return from Christmas vacation. Twelve contestants have been named by the social committee; Peg Boyce, Marjorie Blocker, Anna Pay Campbell, Francis Eastbum, Winifred Gregory, Helen Lange, Alice Martens, Dorothy Miller,^ Caroline Scott, Betty Jo Sexton, Mickey Upsure and Mary Jane West.
Marks Initial Appearance Of Boilermakers At New Orleans, La., Contest December 28 Boilermaker netmen. Big Ten champions, will meet the Arkansas Razorbacks. Southwestern champs, in the annual Sugar Bowl basketball games at New Orleans on Wednesday, December 28. Thisswill mark the initial appearance of the Boilermaker squad in the Bowl classic and the second fot the Razorbacks.
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . « For Business or Pleasure . . . REIMERS RENT-A-CAR Phone 645S 314 N. Fourth
The possible starting line-up, according to Coach Glen Rose will be as follows; forwards. Captain Neil Martin and Johnny Adams; center, Johnny Freiburger, and at the protective division will be Howie Hickey and Gerald GammilL The only experienced man on the squad will be Captain Martin as all the rest of the company is composed of sophomores.
Our Wish for You ... is the wish you’d wish for yourself. May each tiny hope come completely true to make your Christmas a truly merry and memorable one in every way. I ©SOWN Imumy FINE C L E A'N ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Chevedden Is First In Flying Club Meet Pinal events in the Flying Club meet at the Purdue Airport were held without difficulty last Sunday. The grand winner of the meet was Ray Chevedden, closely followed by Hugh, second, and Cleveland Hyde, third. Individual winners are as follows: in the 500-foot spot landing; Robert Broadie, first; Cleveland Hyde, second; Ray Chevedden, third. In the 1,000 foot spot landing; Ray Chevedden, first; Fred Disosway, second; Emmett Hamer, third. In the bomb dropi)ing; Hugh Hammond, first; Bob White, second; and Chris Reising, third.
Swimmers To Compete in Lauderdale Meet Thirteen Boilermakers and Swimming Coach Larry LaBree will leave Friday for Port Lauderdale, Fla., where they will represent the University in the annual swimming convention. Purdue is one of the seven Big Ten schools that will compete in the event. The other Western Conference schools sending delegates are Wisconsin, Ohio State, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Michigan. Katherine Rawls, woman swimming star, will give demonstrations and instruction to the visiting ath-
Squash Candidates To Meet In Reldhoose Varsity and freshmen squash candidates will meet in room 104 today, at 4:15 in the Fieldhouse, according to M. L. Clevett. The purpose of the meeting is to inform the candidates bf the practice schedules and equipment. Budd Knoll, English instructor, will coach the freshman squad.
letes. The swimmers will swim two times daily in the beautiful Port Lauderdale pool under the direction of Coach Matt Mann of Michigan, a coach of United States „ Naval Academy.
SQUASH
Today—Courts 1, 2, and 3
Beta Theta Pi vs Theta Xi
Phi Kappa Psi vs. (Beta Sigma Psi
or Tau Epsilon Phi)
-Sigma Alpha Mu vs Winner (Beta
Theta Pi vs Theta Xi)
9 16—Winner at 7 45 vs Winner at 8 'SO
7 00 7 45-
30-
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8,45 and Skis J. SPER6 822 Main
iWerrp Ctirisitmast to |9ou.. The entire atmosphere of the University changes as Christmas vacation nears. People have a spirit of anticipation and of gaiety that carries with it the sincere wish for health, happiness, and merriment. May we add our wish to the many you will receive for a truly memorable holiday. JhsL fiWuiWL TyimufdaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Special Student Buses LEAVE LAFAYETTE DECEMBER 21ST AT 5 P. M. for New York $17.50 Round Trip South Bend 4.35 Round Trip Fort Wayne 4.30 Round Trip PHONE 2105—2151 FOR RESERVATIONS
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St. LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Bulldlrw 4h and Mam Phone S701
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L
• Printing
n^'NIING Ij^^Offlc* SUIIoMiy. 0 D I y/tddlna InvIlalloM ■ Wm Booki.Elc.... PHONE ^ 2628 CASSEL’S tOtFERRV
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latdies and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, oc--essories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
A MENU NECESSITY Fall and winter menus ore not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
To Your (Sweet) Heart’s Content Elgin, Hamilton and Waltham Watches RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler 605 MAIN ST. PHONE 6377
Direct Through Service Lafayette to New York City SPECIAL TRAIN Coaches of the Break-down Type—^Meaning a Good Night's Sleep—^Dining Car Wednesday, December 21st Lv. Lafayette 4:15 P.M., C.T.,Dec. 21 Arr.Indianapolis 5:15P.M.,C.T.,Dec.21 Arr. Cleveland 11:30 P.M., E.T., Dec. 21 Atr. Buffalo 2:55 AM., E.T., Dec. 22 Arr. Albany 8:40 AJM., E.T., Dec. 22 Arr. New York 11:45 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22 Students for Boston and other New England points change at Albany. Tickets for the above points must be arranged for and purchased at STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, ROOM "A,” UNION BUILDING, between the hours of 4:00 P. M. and 6:00 P. M. Daily; Saturday, 1:00 P. M. to 5:00 P. M. For reduced fares and service to other points, call Big Four Station, Phone 6303. New York Central System
(Inmjuuncuu^ Opening of ADULT TAP CLASSES Beginners, Wed., Jan. 4, 6:30 p. m. Advanced, Thurs., Jan. 5, 6:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW CHRISTMAS RECITAL AND DANCING PARTY Wednesday, December 21, 7:00 P. ML Admission 25c c LADIES’ GYMNASTIC DANCING CLASS AND HEALTH-GIVING EXERCISES OPENS FRIDAY, JAN. 6TH 2:00 p. m. or 6:30 p. m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6»h&Ferry^CacaL (Ua,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
‘ t
%
%
% m %
m % % 0. fk 1
I
% I I
^ ^erj> ilerrp Cfjnsitmas
/^ fHEN THE CHRISTMAS SEASON ROLLS AROUND, year after year, there always comes with it a cerW/ tain definite ''feeling in the air” that makes retail business far more than a commercial enterprise. Every merchant and every employee has a feeling that he or she is doing far more than "making a sale” when a transaction which will bring holiday joy to someone is completed. And we get to thinking about the business you’ve done with our firms all through the year—how pleasant the relationship between customer and merchant has been—which entrenches the Christmas spirit even deeper in our hearts. In view of your friendship and loyalty, it is a real privilege to offer you our most sincere wishes for the merriest Christmas you and the members of your family have ever had. We hope that the holiday season finds you happy, healthy and prosperous, hearts overflowing with the joy of the season. Our "Merry Christmas” is a hearty one, full of the friendship that we try to make characterize all our dealings. Jhhu “TH&hhjij. ^h/ddJmoA!* (^omsLdu pwm. ihsL fi/wqAMAwsL TRs/udumiSu:
A. B. C. SHOE CO. 406 Main Street' 1
EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State Street
LAFAYEnE STREET RAILWAY Ninth and Main Streets
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street
AMERICAN LAUNDRY 641 Main Street
FOSTER SHOP 104 N. Fourth Street
MOHLMAN JEWELER 435 Main St.—In Southworth's
SCHNAIBLE DRUG CO. 117 N. Fourth Street
CLARK FLORIST Sr? Main Street
GEISLER'S 500 Main Street
MOORE & KEMPLE HARDWARE 330 Main Street
SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main Street
"DEAC" REISNER BOOKSTORE 325 State Street
GULLION'S 316 State Street
PETER ANDERSON 525 Alabama Street
SUNSHINE FARMS 807 N. Fourth Street
DECKER'S
HUTTON'S CAFE
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
518 Main Street
410 Ferry Street
224 Main Street
Vine at Northwestern