Opens Quiz On Musical A committee to investigate general student dissatisfaction in regard to the management of “Of Thee I Sing,” recently produced allUniversity musical, was appointed yesterday by Student Senate President Dan Rohyans. President Rohyans’ committee appointment follows student protest to managerial control of the campus production voiced vocally and in letters to the Exponent. With Bob Schumacher, PSE ’39, as chairman, the committee includes J. L. Taylor, ChE ’38, H. J. Rayle, Sc. ’38, and Ruth Hall, Sc. ’40. Summarizes Gripes Investigating the situation. Chairman Schumacher interviewed a number of students and summarized their chief objections as follows: (1) too many bosses; (2) they would prefer an all-campus show produced by the students in general rather than chiefly by three organizations; (3) each person tended to work for the good of his own organization instead of for the good of the play; and (4) production of the play was not well organized. Last night, five men who were on the Board of Control of the production were contacted, and expressed themselves rather emphatically. They are A. H. Monroe, chairman of the University committee on dramatics, and Chairman of the Board; A. P. Stewart, director of music; H. K. Carmichael, director of dramatics; L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union; and F. T. Sheets, student Union president. Only Mon(Continued on page 4) Campus Women ^ To Hear Talk By Dean Marie Dye “The College Girl and Her Professional Future” will be the subject of a talk by Dean Marie Dye of Michigan State College at an allUniversity women’s formal dinner tonight sponsored by the Virginia C. Meredith Club to be held in the home economics lunch room at 6 o’clock. Nine new pledges of Omicron Nu, senior home economics honorary, will be introduced and the Omicron Nu medal presented to the outstanding freshman. The winner of the Danforth Summer Fellowship, given for scholarship and leadership, will also be announced. This scholarship is granted by the Ralston Purina Uompany of StoLouis, Mo., the president of which is William H. Danforth. Four weeks of instruction are provided for in this fellowship. Two weeks of training, beginning July 18, at the Company headquarters in St. Louis will give the delegates from the universities to which the scholarship is granted a view of the commercial field of home economics. Two weeks’ experience at the American Youth Foundation Camp in Shelby, Mich., will complete the course.
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY April 19, 1938 Lctfayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 157
University Trustee
John W. Wheeler . . . CE ’16, University trustee, and a Burlington Railroad executive, will address the student branch of the American Society of Civil Engineers tonight at 7:30 in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Dean Potter, head of the engineering schools has urged that civil engineering students especially attend. Wheeler is chairman of the Indiana State Planning Committee and was State Highway Commissioner from 1933 to 1937. He spoke here two years ago. Officers of the ASCE for the year 1938-’39 will be elected at this meeting. A president and vice-pres-ident from the junior class and a secretary-treasurer from the sophomore class will be chosen. Members of the ASCE only may vote, but others may attend the meeting. Refreshments will be served. Student Senate ToHminateNew Officers Tonight This evening at 7:30 in room A of the Memorial Union Building the Student Senate will hold its regular meeting. Nominations for officers will be made from the floor. Up for approval is a new plan in the form of a bill proposed by the Executive Board of the Senate, providing for a nominating board composed of four officers of the Senate which will nominate a minimum of two and a maximum of three candidates for the presidency. By majority vote froii^the floor, one additional candidate may be added. “All candidates nominated by the board will be eligible for succeeding offices, but those nominated from the floor must be renominated for each individual office,” D. J. Rohyans, Student Senate president, said last night. Another stipulation of the bill is that the Executive Committee present to the Senate two weeks after the opening meeting in September a mei-it system by which candidates for Senate offices will be chosen by the nominating board. In case of a tie vote on the nominees, the editor-in-chief of the Exponent will cast the deciding vote.
Feldman Heads '38-'39 Independent
William Feldman, Sci. ’39, will head the Purdue Independent as editor-in-chief during 1938-39, according to promotion announcements made in yesterday’s issue of the paper by retiring Editor Dave Meacham. Edward W- Hackney, ME ’39, and Sylvia Zussin, Sci. ’39, will serve, respectively, as business manager and co-ed editor for the coming'year. R. H. Elliott, R. Jenkins, D. P. Smith, G. J. Tafel, and D. G. Terrio make up the newly created board of managing editors which will assist Editor Feldman in his work of publisliing the Independent every two weeks next year. Assist Hackney Assistants to Business Manager Hackney for 1938-39 ai’e P. A. Phillips, advertising manager, and M. M: Shendler, circulation manager. Helen Steffee will work with Miss Zussin as assistant co-ed editor, while Betty Shipow, Betty Jape Short,. .^pd Eugenia , Schnioe will’ complete the co-ed staff.
William Feldman
Seniors Lure Freshman To Pantless Fate; Cord-wearing Rhinie. Retaliates
By Jerry Torrence, Jr. Walking contentedly along and minding his own business at 12:50 yesterday afternoon, Les Glasgow, forestry freshman, was suddenly grabbed by his senior forestry companion, “Scotty” Young, and tossed into the midst of a group of waiting seniors lying on the grass in front of the Recitation Building. Crushing Glasgow under their mass attack, the ambushing seniors proceeded to remove his pants, complacently ignoring his futile cries of “Freshmen.” The yellow cords, of the bold, but not very wise freshman, came off his body in two pieces —one piece of which was flung high up in a convenient tree. Two photographers who arrived at the scene so timely were both members of the senior forestry class. One of them, Williamson, obtained some photographs when the action was at its apex. Hero Blushes It was all over in a minute. Needless to say, the light features of our brave hero turned a livid scarlet, as co-eds enroute to their one o’clock classes passed by him in his airconditioned emptiness. The co-eds produced a good effect on the nearby eds by coyly hiding their eyes. Les quickly got a protective topcoat from a sympathetic bystander and hurried for home. When contacted yestei'day afternoon, Les said, “I didn’t think the seniors had the guts! There were so many of them that they couldn’t all get in to take my pants off. All told, I lost 37 cents out of a pocket. I regret that I have but one pair of pants to give to my class.” The Tale Continues But there is a sequel to this episode. At exactly 1:55 p. m., yesterday, Les, accompanied by four classmates, pounced upon “Scotty” Young the instigator of the first “pantsing” act, in front of the Recitation Building again. During his sti'uggle, “Scotty” saw a senior approaching. He yelled. Junior Prom Bids Now Available Tickets for the 1938 Junior Promenade will be distributed starting at 8 a. m. tomorrow, the Prom Committee announced yesterday. The tickets have been delayed because of difficulty in obtaining the desired kind of paper. Upperclassmen may obtain their Prom tickets at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building by presenting the i-eceipts which they got when paying for the tickets. Fraternities May Make Prom Booth Applications Fraternities desiring booths at the Junior Prom Friday night must get together with two or three other houses and submit their selection to Fred Baase at Cary Hall North, the Prom Committee announced today. Those fraternities not turning in selections will be unable to obtain a booth for the dance. Three or four fraternities will occupy one booth, but all furniture must be supplied by just one house, to save time in collecting the furniture, Committee Member Baase said. The choice of the house that will supply the furniture, must be included with the grouping selection. Debaters In Discussion At noon today, Don Paarlberg and Wayne Fredericks will discuss the pro and con in regard to the National Labor Relations Bohrd, at the weekly meeting of the Lafayette Rotary Club at Lincoln Lodge. Paarlberg will give an argument for the NLRB while Fredericks will give an argument against it. The talks will be in the nature of a discussion, not debate.
New editorial assistants to the managing board include J. M. Coben, L. A. Hess, I. H. Selkowitz, J. W. Mazur, J. E. Hinshaw, and J. T. flanagan.
Indiana Weather
Forecast fbr Indiana: Somewhat
warmer this afternoon.
Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low,
53; High, 73; Mean, 63.
“Hey, buddy, come on over and help me.” The senior walked on unconcerned. “If I knew that bird’s name, by Gosh, I’d take care of him,” said “Scotty” when questioned about it. Nothing Happened “Scotty’s” account: “For a whole week, while he (Les Glasgow) wore his cords, nothing happened. Then we senior foresters had a meeting. We picked today at 12:50 as the ideal time to get him.” When asked what he thought of the counter-attack “Scotty” replied, “As far as I was concerned, when we ‘pantsed’ Les, that was the end of it. I’m a victim of unfounded revenge.” Said Pantless Glasgow, “If you know of anyone who has an extra pair of pants, I wish you’d let me
know.”
'Ceiling Zero' To Open Toniglit In Fowler Hall “Ceiling Zero,” Playshop’s third offering of the current season, opens tonight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. The play, an airplane melodrama, is under the direction of Gilbert Williams and technical supervision of John Dietrich. Cast and crew dress rehearsal activity has been the order of business for the past four days. ‘The show has the most elaborate setting of the year, and unusual visual and sound effects are promised by the staff, together with a polished performance. The curtain rises at 7:30 each night until Friday; on this and Saturday nights the play begins at 8:00. “Cash sales have gone to the middle of the week, so regular subscribers may find it difficult to get good seats for those nights,” H. K. Carmichael stated last night. “Tonight and Friday night will be the best for prospective playgoers, since many good seats are left for these
dates.”
Tickets are on sale at the ticket office in Eliza Fowler Hall for 50 cents each. Co-Eds To Hear Dr. Lucia Tower In Union Tonight Dr. Lucia E. Tower of Chicago will speak to senior women tonight in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building, on the subject “The Hygiene of Marriage.” This talk will be the fifth in a series of marital lectures for senior women. Questions from the audience will be answered at the conclusion of the talk. Thursday evening at 7:30 p. m., Mary Morgan Lee, of Chicago, will discuss the “Psychology of Marriage,” and on May 5, Dr. Ralph Gerard also of Chicago will be the speaker, continuing the lecture series, Dorothy Martenet, chairman of the WSGA lectui-e comhiittee announced last night. Co-eds To Discuss New Co-op Houses Co-eds desiring to live in co-oper-ative rooming houses next year will meet in the reception room of the Union tonight at 7:30 to - discuss plans. Gladys Knollman, HE ’39, of the Student Co-operative Association last night said, “We’re holding the meeting to see how many girls would like to start up a new house. I,f many are interested, we’ll get started on a new house. “The location of the house is yet to be decided,” she continued. “We have only six openings due to seniors graduating. To replace them, we’d rather have freshmen.” All co-eds interested in the co-operative plan of living are urgqd to attend the meeting. “More interest can be built up if the students themselves work on it,” concluded Miss Knollman.
SDX Banquet Gets Faculty Protest Pres. Elliott Squelches Instructor Who Seeks Safety of 'P^agogical Dignity' Faculty protest against the Sigma Delta Chi “Gridiron Banquet” was\ raised in a letter sent to President Edward C. Elliott through the tjniversity mail Saturday. The letter, written by an instructor whose name is withheld for obvious reasons, was typed on green University memorandum paper. Yesterday President Elliott called in Sigma Delta Chi President Hugh,Forster to get some information on banquet plans in order to determine the soundness of the protest. Banquet Plans Go On After a lengthy conference President Elliott decided the Gridironers should be allowed to stage their banquet. Said the President, “Are we to let students believe that the faculty members ‘can’t take it'?” Permission to publish the protest and answer was obtained ... they are printed below. Both letters will be on display in the Union Building today in the Bulletin Board by the west lobby desk. April 16, 1938. Dear President Elliott: From reading recent issues of the Exponent I understand that Sigma Delta Chi members are being allowed to revive the undignified and objectionable “Razz Banquet.” As I remember these affairs from former years, certain members of the faculty were subjected to great humiliation in acting out skits written by students in charge of the banquet. Some of the stunts were overdrawn to such an extent that monkeys, in the same circumstances, would have seemed ridiculous. Don’t you believe, with me, that practices resulting in such utter disregard for pedagogical dignity should be curbed? Allowing these wild Sigma Delta Chi men to razz faculty members certainly will not add to the prestige of the University. It is essential that we retain the respect of the entire student body, and allowing such affairs to continue unabated will not help retain this respect. I appeal to you to halt the affair, or if that is impossible, at least to put some restriction upon what will be said or done concerning faculty members at the Gridiron Banquet. Sincerely yours,
Mr. Department of Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana Dear
April 18, 1938.
Your letter of the 16th regarding the Gridiron Banquet versus “faculty dignity” indicates that you are not fully aware of the humane purposes
of the Gridironers.
In all likelihood, we shall be “razzed” and in no uncertain manner. We may be put through silly capers that will tax our creaking bones and ruffle our “dignity.” We may have to meet embari’assing situations. But if we are “humiliated,” we have ourselves to blame, for our eccentricities, mannerisms, and frailties are the foundation material for the fine art as practiced by the Purdue Gridironers. Students will also come in for their share of humorous comment. They are not complaining. Are we to let students believe that the faculty members “can’t take it?” I don’t believe so. It is our duty to attend the banquet and to enter into the spirit of the affair. It is profitable and humanizing to have the opportunity to see ourselves as those we serve see us.
Very sincerely yours, Edward C. Elliott.
Scandal Accumulates As SDX Ran Ticket Deadline Date Draws Near Plans and script for Sigma Delta Chi’s Gridiron Razz Banquet are fast beginning to take shape as the deadline for ticket payment nears. Absolute last chance for payment comes tomorrow afternoon, since the attendance list will be closed after 5 p. m.
gram to be presented April 26 in the Memorial Union ballroom. Zouaves Drill Tomorrow, Invire Photographers A Zouave exhibition drill to which
caqiera fans are especially invited will be given tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the field east of the Armory. A prize of three dollars will be given for the best picture taken of the
maneuvers, R. B. Coen said last
night.
Contestants should place - their prints in Coen’s military box in the Armory before noon, ’Puesday, April 26. Any student is eligible to participate in the contest.
Money or check's may be turned in at the west desk in the Memorial Union Building, turned in at either of the Exponent offices, or mailed to room E of the Union Building. Letters postmarked before 5 p. m. will be accepted, but reservations for banquet places will be made
soon after 5 p. m.
Sigma Delta Chi, honorary professional journalistic fraternity, presents the Gridiron Banquet this year as a revival of its traditional Razz Banquets which were discontinued in 1933. The affair this year will be more or less modeled after the Washington Gridiron Banquet, newspaperdom’s annual big blowout. Skits and scandal concerning students, facultymen, and townspeople will be featured on the pro--
^dihfdoL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Mumcft,
Tuesday, April 19, 1938
^teiteJiA Jto Jthe £dHoJi
Open Letter To Gilbert Dunbar Williams and A1 Stewart
‘Bunny’ Forsakes ‘Molly’ For WRH Co-eds
Dear Gibbs and Al;
We admiie your vigilance and fervor in keeping jazz versions of opera and sacred music off the airlanes of WBAA. Your methods, however, seem rather childish.
In order to prevent the playing of such swing arrangements you have successfully cut off the source of free lecoid seivice—records pi-eviously loaned to you by a Lafayette music store out of brand new stock. Now, of course, you didn’t really want to do this . . . it’s too much like killing the goose that lays golden eggs . . . but it seems to us that the letters you wrote could have no other result.
It Was This Way Let's get down to cases. We understand the trouble started when WBAA broadcast a Larry Clinton recording of “Martha” on the luncheon-dance program. This record was among a group of Clinton records borrowed from the music store and picked out by a student on the WBAA staff.
You, Mr. Stewart, started things with this letter: (written to Mr. Williams ... a copy sent to the McLean Music Company).
“I today (March 4) listened to a part of the lunch-eon-dance music. Heretofore, I have answered (criticism on this program, saying that even though it is popular music it is good popular music, therefore justifiable, but when I hear progi-ams such as I heard today I think it is one of the most ridiculous and disgusting things that station WBAA attempts.
Student Committee. Dear Editor: On the front page of FViday’s edition of your excellent paper, I chanced to read the most pleasant and delightful announcement (it was printed in heavy type) concerning one “Bunny” forsaking “Molly” to hide his eggs in favor of our dear little girls who reside at the WRH. ’ My! My! Isn’t that cute! After reading the first paragraph I could jUst vision numbers of dear little darlings joyously gamboling and skipping about in the early morning dew, jumping up and down with squeals of joy and merriment upon finding those ducky little eggs of brilliant and varied hues and colors. For Kids Only I know of several communities and towns where similar worthwhile ( ?) projects are held every year before Easter, but, children over 12 years of age are not allowed to participate. I cannot help but wonder if the darling little co-eds at WRH know that Easter is a sacred event; however, I suppose most of them still believe Easter time is the time for eggs, and the time for eggs is Easter time! Tra, la, la! Couldn’t the WRHers promote something a little less silly and childish and a little more appropriate to their age and the occasion ? R. S. P. S. I don’t suppose the staff will see fit to print this. It might offend the residents of WRH. R. S.
The ‘Peace Committee’—
“I sincerely hope that some evidence of forethought appears in these recorded programs and that opera and sacred music is not cheapened by jazz renditions.”
Who And What?
Why Send A Copy There?
Noble words, those, Mr. Stewart, but why send a copy to the music store ? Then McLean’s wrote back, sending a carbon, copy to Williams: “Thanks very much for the copy of your letter . . . I feel that in regard to the program referred to there should be some explanation made as to the selection of the program. “Some time ago it was decided by someone connected with WBAA that the recordings should be selected by the student who picks them up and takes them to the EE Building. In trying to comply with the wishes of the station we have left the matter of selections entirely up to this student. “We are m whole-hearted sympathy with you concerning this program, and I assure you that it is no desire of the McLean Music Company to cheapen any opera or sacred music.”
Dear Editor: I notice a brief article on the front page of Thursday’s Exponent which requires comment. May I ask who and what the “Purdue Peace Committee” are and what right they have to discuss a repetition of the disgraceful exhibits made by college students at Vassar College last Christmas ? Create University Threat The American Student Union and the National Student Federation of America sponsored this as well as other unbecoming meetings .and movements. In fact these organizations created a condition at The College of the City of New York which lead to the threat of closing that university. The public has a poor enough opinion of the judgment of undergraduates through the medium of the “movies” without the help of the students themselves. Robert
Committee Coordinates
You Win The Prize
Then you, Mr. Gilbert Dunbar Williams, also wrote a letter. We think yours was the prize manuscript of all. Remember what you said? Here’s just a part of it: “As to this current episode the student made no attempt to consciously pick out jazzed versions of the classics. It was entirely a case of mistaken identity in the type of selection. “At the same time your reference of having “no desire ... to cheapen any opera or sacred music’ is something of a misstatement, evidently since you do stock such selections.”
Work Of Peace Groups
Dear Editor: For the benefit of Mr. Robert
and others who
The Customer Is Right Your letter, Mr. Williams, speaks for itself. Popular demand is an important factor in running even a music store on the black side of the ledger, you know. Finally after lending WBAA records without any broadcast recognition for several months and receiving these and other letters, the McLean Music Company decided lending more records just wasn’t worth the bother. Meanwhile what about WBAA’s student audience? Must they suffer for WBAA’s loss of the record service ? True, they now hear a campus band on the lunch-eon-dance program, but this is only one 15 minute program a day, and is hot guaranteed as a permanent feature. Why not patch it up boys ? You might find McLean’s willing if you asked them real nicely.
may not be familiar with the Purdue Peace Committee, I wish to state that, this organization was formed last year for the purpose of coordinating the efforts of a number of campus groups which were interested in furthering the cause of peace. Fourteen organizations responded to an invitation to send delegates for forming such a committee. Similar groups have been in existence on other campuses for a number of years. For further unity of purpose and coordination of activities the local peace committees at different schools have formed a national organization, the United Peace Committee. “Our Democratic Right” As to our “right to discuss” the issues of peace and war, we believe that students not only have such a right but that it is our democratic obligation to consider these problems which are so vital to us as citizens. It is the function of the Peace Committee to stimulate thoughtful discussions of these very questions and to encourage democratic action to promote peace. Although Mr. — may consider students’ efforts
toward peace to be “disgraceful exhibits” he is not justified in concluding that his attitude is representative of public opinion. Robert! A. Buckles, Jr. Chairman Purdue Peace Comm.
collegiate
The average U. S. college student loses two pounds during examination periods.
currently are chuckling at the following “famous saying of a parent,” who wrote her daughter, after receiving notice that her child had" been missing classes all too legulaily: “Dearest Daughter: What are you doing, giving up classes for Lent?”
Haivaid Univeisity has discovered that its students are growing taller at the i ate of one inch evei y 32 years.
This figure has been determined by the Bureau of Educational Surveys, which estimates that 90 per cent of the average student body crams during examinations.
According to the bureau, which bases its finding.s on a survey of colleges thioughout the country, some of the faults in instruction lyhich can confuse the students and make comprehension of the course faulty, with a necessity for last minute CTamming, including failure to give a comprehensive overview of the whole course; failure to present the material in clear outline form; the use of words not readily understandable by the average student; and lack of continuity and organization in textbooks.
“The young men and women who are in colleges and universities today are the ones who will have to bear the burden of actual warfare, fill the trenches, man the battleships and pay the taxes of inci easing public debt.” S. P. Squyres, Veterans of Foreign Wars leader, asks collegiate support for a keep-us-out-of war program.
Up to 10 different races have been represented in the University of Hawaii at one time.
University *t Alabama students
The semor class gpft at Tarleton Agricultural College this year is a neon sigrn for one of the campus buildings.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Rochelle Hudson and Jack Haley
—ALSO— “ ‘RADIO PATROL” Na 4
Pale, effeivescent, and foamy brew Your slipping grip has let her through And she shall not, for another day. Come again to pass my way. Sr. Sci.
DEAR B and B: Here is something you might be able to use for your colyum. Am not sure whether it was inspired by sympathy for a colymist or by desire to do something with a couple of spare Saturday afternoon hours. If it is acceptable, however, would welcome your offer of two Mars passes. —Joe College.
SCRAP—AND MORE SCRAP I had just matiiculated, as frosh must do An ardent idealist, thiu and thru Queried I: “Dear boys please tell me tiue How are the co-eds at this heie U ?”
Said they, all at once, with much ado Our co-eds are tops and that’s no foo! —The kiss is like wine, the touch divine. Without them jou’ll feel quite blue. —The eyes are of fire, and spell desire That their queens we’re sure telling you.
Changed the scene, I sallied forth, A fair co-ed to find. I came upon a co-ed soon And had a date aligned.
She was not a Sheba at her best (Altho I did not mind) For I was just a humble frosh And thought her very kind.
To the fieshman hop we breezed along. My warrant of death I’d signed.
FOLLIES
IN TECHNICOLOR with ADOLPHE MENJOU THE RITZ BROTHERS ZORINA*KENNY BAKER ANDREA LEEDS HELEN JEPSON PHILJBAKER EDGAR BERGEN •CHARLEY McCarthy
ALL WEEK
LUNA
GRIN AND BEAR IT
THESE APRIL DAYS . . . . . . take us back (?) to our childhood . . . make us want to play kids’ games . .. say, like Hip-Scotch or Ring Around the Four Roses.
ODE TO A BEER— AND A LADY
Ah, mystic liquid cool and brown. Once again come hand me down A vision, this time if you please. From your wildest phantasy.
Ah, psychic ale, together we know How begot this tale of woe; And every night you show to me The object of our reverie.
Here luscious drink I close my eyes Your blissful image now arives; She comes to me; I love her so. Why did I ever let her go ?
Amber beverage, limpid and clear Only we can hold her here; Here, in this false rendezvous But ’tis all I have of you.
Copr 1938 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc ^
“Why shouldn’t he mope? Let him run away from home and get a flea like any other dog!”
For if she had no wooden leg. She sure as heck was blind.
Now in my rush to find a date I hurried too much, forsooth This gal had been too durned well hid In the darkness of a booth.
For the eyes of fire (gee whiz, what a liar) Were two globules of glass uncouth. And the lips divine did their best to pine. For the loss of more than one tooth.
I returned to the boys, with wrath in my heart, And was as willing to fight as scrap. I said to the boys with words like a dart. That gal I took out sure was scrap.
That’s scrap you told me at the start My fran “it like to broke my heart” and his scrap about a co-ed’s grace I flung light to his face.
Don’t mumble! Speak clearly. Your roommate bewilders you with the answer “No, take it,” to your question “Are you through with this book?” But probably you caused your own bewilderment by mumbling your question so thoroughly that roomy thought you said “Do you mind if I use this book?” And it’s annoying to him too. He can’t understand why you look so dumbly at him as you take his book off. A perfect voice—^we all would like one, a bit of care in tone of voice and opening lips will improve anyone’s voice. Enunciate carefully and lower your voice so that it is not high or shrill—it’ll help a lot.
I started this scrap And sure mean to finish But this guy’s scrap Will never diminish. Joseph P. College.
“Safety Valve” is the name of a discussion club at Carnegie Tech Institute of Technology.
West-m^ster Girls Club...
. . . Presbyterian co-ed organization, announces the election of the following officers; president, Leonie Beebe; vice-president, Marga Mary Glunt; secietary, Beth Simpson; treasurer, Ruth Wattleworth; chairman of membership and publicity, Esther Meriam.
TODAY — TOMORROW
TOPS
in thrill-builders
IS
CEILING ZERO
Playshop’s third all-student stage show
Eliza Fowler Hall Five days starting today
Phone 4269
Call at Box Office
Reserved Seats 50c
—EXTRA— Charlie “Wooden Head” McCarthy in “NECKIN’ PARTY”
MARS
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
1**0 ! Radio . ' Randolph •SisS
-PLUSPETE SMITH NOVELTYf
Tuesday, April 19. 1938
THEPUHDUE
Stwiidu
EXPONENT
Tennis Squad Victorious In First Meet Of Season
Showing good form in its first meet of the season, the Boilermaker tennis squad came back strong after dropping the first singles match to win five straight from Indiana State Teachers’ College on the varsity clay courts yesterday. Captain Traylor, not up to his full form due to a leg injury two weeks ago, lost his match, but later teamed up with Wakefield to win one of the doubles matches. Fuente, a sophomore, put in a staunch bid for a permanent berth on the tennis team by winning his singles match with two love sets and later, along with Gardner, winning the other doubles match in a walk. Scores: Fuente (P) over Zlotnik (I) 6-0, 6-0. Wakefield (P) over Milam (I) 6-0, 6-2. Gardner (P) over Ti'aylor (P) 6-1, 6-4. Gardner, Fuente (P) over Needham, Miller (I) 6-1, 6-3. Wakefield, Traylor (P) over Milam, Zlotnik (I) 6-0, 6-1. Purdue, 5; Indiana State Teachers, 1.
Culver Riflemen Score
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginners Wed., April 20, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Friday, April 22, 7:30 p. m. Late dances including Cherry Hop will be taught in the advanced class. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Evansville College freshmen defeated the seniors in a true-false quiz.
For details, listen to AKERS’ EXCHAI featuring ELEANOR HOWE 10:30 A.M. — WMAQ Tues. and Thurs.
ICE&
Phone 5078
4th and Salem Sts.
YOUR FURS ARE THE FIRST OBJECTIVE
C«ld storage and furriers' supervision keeps furs safe and sound and handsome all summer. Provide
the city's safest protection for your coat. Beat the moths to the draw by calling 4935 now. STEIGER BROS. FURS Three Generations of Furriers
leiaer Swv ♦ ♦••choice
Trackmen Lose Outdoor Opener To Strong Michigan State Team, 89-44
Culver Military Academy defeated the Purdue rifle team 1981-1943 in a telegraphic meet which was fired last Friday, according to the results which were announced yesterday. Purdue Coach Holmes was slightly disappointed with his team’s scores, stating that they were decidedly below par. While the rifle squad is celebrating the first year for the sport at Purdue, the military academy has had rifle on the required list for years, and practices all year on 36 ranges. The Purdue team drills in the basement of the Fieldhouse where only five ranges aie available. Coach Holmes says that the Purdue squad is steadily improving, and that by next year it should measure up to Big Ten competition. Amt, Fansler, Smith, and Crump have been consistently firing excellent scores, while some of the others are pushing them hard. The scores follow; Purdue—Smith, 199; Fansler, 198; Crump, l97; Amt, 196; Elton, 195; Thiry, 193; Knapp, 192; Lauletta, 192; Fields, 191; Dupps, 190. Culver—Weilands, 199; Waller, 199; Clifton, 199; Oberlin, 199; Colbert, 198; Parsons, 198; Paul, 198; Orr, 197; Nye, 197; Gardner, 197. Team totals: Purdue, 1943; Culvei, 1981.
By Rolfe Jenkins Today baseball inaugurates its 99th year in this country with the major league openers in six cities. Predictions from all corners indicate that 1938 will be a red letter year for the great diamond sport. —fc— There was a sudden consternation among early spring prognosticators Sunday morning with the abrupt announcement that the great “Dizzy” Dean was traded to the Chicago Cubs. Some of the sports commentators weakened on their first opinons and gave the Cubs the nod. —fc— Dizzy came to Chicago Sunday and went through the automatic procedure of promising the Wrigley outfit a pennant this year. His only worry seemed to be that he would have to take away some of the world series money which his Cardinal friends have already “spent.” —^fc— The Dean deal probably makes Sam Breadon and Branch Rickey of the Cardinals the two most selfconscious men in baseball today, although both stolidly state that the change will be good for the Red Bird organization. Now we wonder who’s really getting the bird, Chicago or St. Louis. —fc— While the major league teams are seeing their first regular season’s action today, the Boilermakers are winding up their pre-Big Ten games at Butler. —fc— Before Indiana University’s baseball opener Saturday a note appeared in the Daily Student in Rob Williamson’s column saying, “Indiana’s baseball team will not win the Big Ten.” The writer goes on to say, however, that they might finish second or third. —fc— An incident occurred the other day which caused a freshman baseball aspirant to give up the diamond sport at Purdue. The lad felt that he had “put something past the powers that be” when he got out of taking Military due to a physical defect. The act proved a boomerang, however, when he was informed last week that because of the fact that if he was not physically able to engage in military drill he was ineligible for participation in the “great American game.” —^fc— Baseball is in the limelight at the present time, but even so, one team on this campus seems to stand out
Purdue’s trackmen came up against some strong competition on last Saturday afternoon as they opened their outdoor season against/ Michigan State and ended up on the low end of the final 87 to 44 score. Most of the events were run off in very good times and Coach Phillips said yesterday, “I’m satisfied with the team’s performance because the results show that it is getting better all of the time.” High Scorers First places were taken foi the Boilermakers by Knapp in the mile, Bodeau in the half-mile. Witt and Lemen tied for first in the high jump along with one of the Spartans, Lemen in the 220 yard low hurdles, and the mile relay team. While this was Purdue’s inaugural meet of the season, it marked the third victory for Michigan State in its outdoor schedule. Greer is Fast Wilbur Greer, State’s star dash man, ran the hundred yard dash in :09.6, only to have his claim for a new track record disallowed because of a strong wind which was at his back. He then came back in the 220 yard dash and tied the track record of ;21.5. In the hurdles events, which were played up previous to the meet because of the rivalry between Purdue’s co-captain Bob Lemen, and Woodstra of State, the final count was one apiece as Woodstra led Lemen across the finish line in the highs, and then Lemen came back to win the lows with his rival carrying off second place. Camera Club . . . . . . holding its weekly session tonight at 7:15, will meet in the Tower room of the Union Building. Prof. R. H. George of the University Experiment Station will give a talk in conjunction with his color slides which were taken on the campus and on his recent trip to the West. All members who took pictures at the last meeting are requested to biing their prints and negatives to this meeting. year in and year out in its line that shades the diamond sport in consistence. That outfit is Captain Kay’s pistol squad. It reels off triumph after triumph in regular fashion, without any of the glory which is obtained in the major athletic contests.
Archery Tournament WAA annual intramural archery tournament will begin next week, announced Mona Balcom, head of archery. Interclass tournaments will follow, and the season will be completed by a national telegraphic tourney which starts May 12. Each gill participating in the tournament must have had three practices in by this week, she also said. Practises are held each afternoon at 4:00. Girls may get the equipment in the Women’s Gymnasium. '33 Grad To Speak At
E. D. Marshall, ’33 Forestry, will talk at the semi-monthly meeting of the Forestry Club tonight at 7:30 in the Horticulture building. Marshall spent one year of graduate study at the University of California, and also worked in the U. S. Forest Service Laboratory there. J. C. Sinninger, ’39, will talk on the year he spent at the Forestry school at the University of Idaho. This is the first meeting under the new officers recently elected. They are: president, T. B. Glazebrook; secretary-treasurer, Ed Zuck.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Dr. Mary Lee, Chicago woman physician and psychologist will be on the campus tomorrow and Thursday to ^cture to the freshman women’s h^^ene classes. Dr. Lee has come to the campus to lecture and interview women students for the past three years. Her trip here is sponsored by the women’s physical education department. She will be available for private interviews or group discussions in room 101 of the engineering administration building throughout tomorrow and Wednesday. Dr. Lee will lecture to the freshman hygiene classes at 10:00 and 4:00 tomorrow, and at 11:00 on Thursday. Girls wishing to talk to Dr. Lee should sign up for a confeience, if possible, with Miss Russell in the women’s physical education department. “This is a good opportunity foi any woman student to talk privately to an eminent woman physician,” said Miss Russell.
^ WE AIM TO PLEASE EVEN THE TOUGHEST CUSTOMER A smart person will improve his appearance by making himself neat A good hair cut and smooth shave will improve any one. Water softening equipment has recently been installed Red’s Barber Shop
. . . society announces the election of the following officers: R. L. Mansfield, chairman; L. E. Keck, vicechairman; M. L. Miller, secretary; J. D. Kessel, treasurer; W. L. HostetleJr, senior representative; V. B. Cones, junior representative. Dr. Harriet O’Shea . . . ... of the University division of education and applied psychology, will address Frankfort school teachers today on “Mental Hygiene of the School Child.”
One Woment, Pi
ease—
We wish to remind you that with the Prom a few days away, it would be wise to order your corsage now.
CLlz
om
I Co.
527 Main St.
Phone 5432
Today
Mangas^ Warner To Pitch
“Dutch” Fehring’s baseball squad will undergo its final test before the Big Ten season opens, as it meets the Butler Bulldogs at Indianapolis this afteinoon Eighteen men made the tiip to lepiesent the Gold and Black in this last fling of the preliminary scheduled that resulted in SIX wins and five losses. Mangas and Warner aie slated to take over the pitching duties foxtoday’s game and three other changes axe being made on the squad to figuie out adjustments for the pending conference season. Dickinson will be posted in center field, Stamm is to be shifted to left field, and Joe Doan will hold down the first base position. Minnesota will be here for a two game series Friday and Saturday and Arnold Bredewater will probably pitch for the Boilex’makers in the first set to with either Heiss or Mangas on the mound for the second game.
Baseball—Today Diamond l_Ward 5 vs. Ward 2X. 2— Ward 12 vs. Ward 7X. 3— Ward 11 vs. Ward 2A. 4— Ward 10 vs. Ward 13. 5— Ward 4 vs. Wai-d 17X. 6— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alphalj 7— Theta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8— Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary HaU 1. 9— Cary Hall 4 vs. Ward 3. 10—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Beta Theta Pi.
TENNIS SINGLES Today—4:15 Sigma Phi Epsilon or Pi Kappa Phi vs. TKE or Triangle. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Kappa Sigma. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Tau Omega or Theta Xi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa or Phi Kappa Sigma.
FRATERNITY DOUBLES Today—5:00 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Kappa Sigma vs. Phx Pi Phi. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. Sigma Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Pistol Team Wins Another Victoiry Captains Greiner and Newhall were high scorers as the Purdue pistol team continued its imbroken string of victories by defeating Colorado State and Michigan State in a three way telegraphic meet last Thursday, according to results released yesterday. The Boilermakers’ 1392 points won by a wide margin over Michigan State’s 1347 and Colorado State’s 1329. Scores for the members of the Purdue team were: Capt. Greiner, 288; Newhall, 285; Becker, 278; Schoon, 272, and Ewing, 269.
Colonial Tea Room for Luncheon - Tea . Dinner the TROPHY ROOM for Private Partiet The Colonial La/ayette’a Moat Diatmetiva Dining Place Plioiio 2464 626 Columbia. Si.h
^CocaL ddA,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TiidicttA,
Tucfsday, April 19, 1938
Commitfee Opens--(Continued fioin p'^ci 1)
1 n itfu*^ t( (_ nil 111 cn iIk fun obiectisii" Too 'Vlam Ro'^se*-'’ “Too many bos'se';’ I don t think S') 1 ( \1 St(.y 111 tbsoluteb ^aid Ktiin Cai michai,! t the same question I th nk tint cut cisni is some ^^hpt 111 itiid --aid Vallelv I felt ETUi'te ^ tint dui iiig the show A.11 wt e uiianim lUb in agieeinti: that am tuduit should be allowed t paite]ate in a pla\ not lust student the oi jranwations back ing it The deiinal opinion yas that in onh a fey cases weie cast mem beis placins: then lespectivc own 01 aani7at!ons ahead of the pi oduc tion s success L'-inp Sheets meieh as an e\ ample of what he was tiving to put aci IS ^ alleh lemaiked 'When membtis of the opeiatiig boai d weie nominated it appealed that Sheets was anxious to push Union \ cepiesidents and woileis This 1 e ult fi om the fact that he knew T nion woikeis bettei than the othei Knowing then abiliti it was tnh natuial that lit would push th ni Fn e eeks as I imit A.11 weie emphatic in then unan imiti that the show was well oiaranized Said 'Vallely We had only file weeks allowed us foi icheaisal because of Lnneisity insistence In the \oithwestcin pioduction of the same plac appioximateh twice as much of each student s time was oc copied with pai ticipation i i lehtai sals 'Monioe lone statement to the pit wa m 1 egaid to the investiga tion benm earned out If any one wants to nixestigate the man ige men I d n t see am obiections lie lau hed Ini estimation OK Sa i 'Sheets I tlnnl thit the in \t tisitioi IS OK Thc\ 11 find t\ei\ thing pietti well open and lb \e boaid Wheneiei anything is pi (duced thei e aic ilways some
few people who will laise a stink about it legaldkss I think tlu investigation is a good idea especially if we can pick up something that will help in fu tuie icais concluded the tenoi \oicc of A1 Stew ait University Band Concert Draws Large Crowd Appi oximately 4 000 peisons at tended the Eastei Conceit given Sunday afteinoon in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium by the Puidue Symphonic Band undei the diiection of Piofessoi P S Emiick The aiiangement of T^chaikowski s Fifth Symphony and the tiumpet tiios intei pietation of Boleio weie enthusiastically leceived by the audience who applauded foi two encoies The conceit ended with the playing of the Stai Spangled Ban
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Fbershoff, 606 Mam street
RENT A NEW ROYAL—Poit able Typewiitei by the week oi month Call 6477 Deckei s 518 20 Mam.
WATCH CLEANING — $1 OO Mainspi mgs $1 00 Ciystals 25 and 35 cents All woik guaianteed Kel lai s Watch Shop 223 Main stieet
FOR SALE—Model A Foid toui ing Excellent condition Reason
pi ice
able
Call Ciane 2352
LOST—A giev zippei biiefcasc containing books Books have name in back Call Deale 5087
TYPING—Theses and term pap eis—Maiy Catherine Can oil Call 55684 at 1704 South stieet
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A BISK DR. HAROLD J RISK DR. ROBERT G RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK
4th & Mai
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST II9V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Mom Street
R. C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 5t34 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do but wc do it weir Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Ppst Office
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
Locksmith
CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State Mam W L
• Printing
□
P
RiNTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
~'OIHct SUttoncry Weddins Invitations
PHONE ’
2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRy
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Notices Mo NotiLca Accepted After 8pm
Surma Delta Chi Important meeting in loom E of the Union at 7 15 p m Tues day April 19 —FORSTER
Camera Club Meeting in the tower room of the Union Tuesday April 19 at 7 15
Ceres Regulai meeting will be held in room D of the Union Building Tuesday Api ill) at 7 30 p m —HENRY WSGA Executive Board Old and new members meet in office Wednesday April 20 at 7 30 p m —SirWART
Eta Kappa Nu Rough initiation Tuesday April 19 at 7 p m in the reading room o(f the Electiical Engineering! Building All pledges and as many actives as possible be there —KECK.
WAA Golfi All girls interested in playing golf please sign up immediately on the bulletin board in the Women s Gym (4 18) —HIMES WAA Baseball Monday April 18 at 4 p m Alpha Chi vs Kappa Alpha Xi vs Phi Mu TyUsday April 19 at 4 p m Ward vs WRH Pedahon vs Chi Omega Wed nesday April 20 at 4 p m Pi Phi vs Ward 1 Wards 3 and 4 vs Alpha Xi Thurs day April 21 at 4 p m Kappa vs Ward 2 Phi Mu vb Chi Omega —MAIER
Purdue Engineer All freshmen and soph omort editorial staff workers report to Engineer office on Tuesday April 19, at 4 p m —CATTERALL WAA Baseball There will be no game pi lyed Thursday evening April 21 MAIER
WSGA Counselors Meeting for next year s counselors postponed until Thursday April 21 at 4 16 p m looms 1 and 2 —HUBER SEX TON
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting will be held in loom F of the Union Tuesday April 19 at 7 30 p m Please bring all survey blanks whether complete or incomplete This is important —WADLEIGH
Co eds Meeting of all girls interested in living m CO opeiative rooming houses next year Tuesday April 19 at 7 30 p m in Union reception room —KNOLLMAN
Orchesis Group in Mothers Day pio gram will meet in Women s Gym Tuesday Apiil 19 at 4 p m NEWMAN PIA Advanced Dance Class Meeting for seventh dance class in Union ballroom at 10 p m Tuesday April 19 —CLYMER
WAA All girls who are planning fp go to state play day at Hanover College meet in Miss Brady s office at 4 p m Tuesday April 19 —MERRITT
WSGA Office Committee Please report to WSGA office Tuesday April 19 at 4 p m —MASTERS
Newman Club All those wishing to be candidates for offices next year please contact me (4 19) —OTTENWELLER Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Un ion at 30 p m Tuesday April 19 —WINTER
Sportswomen Meeting at WAA cabin at 5 30 p m Tuesday April 19 —TUBBS
PSA Executive committee meeting Tues day April 19 at 7 p m in west end of main lounge in Union All officers and members are invited to attend —MIRKIN Student Senate Important meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Build ng at 7 30 p m Tuesday April 19 Nom inations for offices will be made AH mem b rs please be piesent —ROHYANS Playshop Publicity All students inter ested in woiking on the Playshop publicity committee meet in Fowler Hall Wedne day April 20 at 4 p m BERGMANN Forestry Club Meeting Tuesday Apiil 19 at 30 p m in the Horticulture Build ing All members desi ng to work on eom mittee for next year please report Re fieshments will be serv d —GI A.ZEBROOK Tau Befa Pi Important meeting Wed nesday in loom D of the Union April 20 at 30 p m MUSHAM
It’s Fun “Dressiug-Up” When You Dress Up in Crown Cleaned Clothes There’s nothing like the feeling of complete comfort and selfconfidence that you have when your clothes are cleaned and well pressed. Get the habit of having your Clothes Crown Cleaned regularly.
FINE CLEANEHS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
young Dr.Bafoe was
L
^ rOU know him as the beloved country doctor who bronibttbe YDionne Quintuplets into the world-bnt do you know first confinement case ? The shy young man who 27 '' perform a modem miracle of medicine stood helplessly by—because he had never before seen a baby born* What’s Allan Roy Dafoe really like? Why did his medical school at first refuse him a degree? A noted correspondent, Dr. Dafoe’s friend for many years, brings you the only authorized biography of the world 8 most famous country doctor. Start it in this week’s Post, on page 5.
BeginttinS the Real Story of LITTLE DOC in frazier hunt
:4
UZAMUUUr™ NEA SERVICE INC
dnd vice vetsttr
Xi
“ « irtmwnet' Follow him
his rights, aided by At the Sign
of the Brass Knuckle by GUY GILPATRIC
Mow Bo they Write Ikose Best-Sellers? HERE’S a behind-the scenes look at the remarkable team that produces best-sellers What sort of men are they, and how do they work? Who does what? Why do they continue to hVe in far-off Tahiti^ Read this interesting account of them before you start their newest novel, The Dark River, in next week’s Post. by JAMES McCONNAUGHEY
Hi DOG-FIGHTS in Spam, as seen rlLvH ■ by an American pilot, F G Tinker, Jr. A PREACHER GOES TO TEXAS, a short story by Lt Col JohnW Thomason, Jr WILL FHA BOOM HOME BUILDING? Chester T Crowell examines the Housing Bill for the answer... PLUS serials, editorials, Post Scripts, cartoons and comedy.
Sm
OST