Baseball Team Plays At Wabash Today
z-m
Fcnuided In 18t9
x/fUAHem 9 Daily Sfaien 1908
Express Your Opinioit Of Quarterly Sysfoitt
Vc^ume 52, No. 186
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, May 20. 1941
Golfers Whitewash ChicagoTeamJ8-0, In 2nd Straight Win George Dahl Leads Riveters; Holler Plays Last Dual Match Apparently heatened by their recent victory over Butler’s golf team, the Riveter golfers went “par wild” in a match with a visiting University of Chicago s(fuad and completely overwhelmed the Maroons, 18 tp 0 in a match at the West Lafayette Country Club, yesterday. According to Coach Harry Allspaw, his memory is incapable of recalling a match in which a Riveter golf team has been so successful.
Such Ease!
Musk Groups To Fete Seniors With Banquet; Lincoln Lodge Dance
The doubles matches, played in the morning, found the Boilermaker club wielders experiencing little difficulty in sweeping both matches. Dahl and Curran ran off with their encounter against the Maroon twosome with a snappy three to nothing whitewash. Hoffer and McDaniel followed suit with a similar shutout. The time out for lunch apparently did the Maroons very little good, for the Riveters continued to administer their merciless beating in the afternoon singles rounds. Dahl, Hoffer, Curran, and Knipp took their matches easily. The scores in all cases were the same, three to nothing. Dahl Low Scorer George Dahl emerged from yestei day’s activities with the honor of being the low scorer of the day. Dahl’s rounds of 71 and 73 put him one over par for the 30 holes. Bob Hoffer, playing in his last dual ineet (Continued on page 4) Connerley Named Winner Of StocK Judging Contest R. W. Connerley took first place Satuiday afternoon in the live stock judging contest for freshman Agricultural students sponsored hy Hoof and Horn with a score of 566 out of a possible 600 points. Others placing and their scores were R. C. Bailey second 632, W. W. Craft, third 631. W. T. Rule and J. P. Clouse tied for fourth and fifth place with 628 each. Team Competition First place in the team competition was taken by the group composed of R. C. Bailey, D. E. Butz, R. F. Rector, F. Ponder, and R. A. Farmer and was coached by R. W.
Pifer.
Last night a smoker was held at the Alpha Gamma Rho house for the contestants. E. J. Barker of Thorntown spoke on the advantages • of laising pure bred live stock. Choice Of Electives Every * student whose plan of study for the year 1941-’42 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a Student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except in Engineering Law; all present Sophomores except in Forestry, Mechanical Engineering, and Trade and Industrial Education; all present Freshmen except those Freshman Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or Engineering Law, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office —R. B. STONE
By S. G. Peterson Lincoln Lodge will be the scene of the annual Musical Organization’s banquet which is to be held ^tonight at 6 p. m. This banquet is a closed affair and members of the organization will leave by auto from the Hall of Music at 5:30 o’clock. Climaxing the year’s activity of the Men’s Glee Club, University Choir, Concert Choir and University Orchestra, this final get-to-gether promises to draw an attendance of over 200, Dancing on the Lodge terrace will follow the banquet and program. Announcement will be made of next year’s managers for the Glee Club, Concert Choir, University Choir and Orchestra as well as the choice of treasurer for the organizations and a co-ed executive and Activities representative. Seniors will receive certificates for work completed and the Senior Award, given each year to the senior, who, in his or her four years of college has done the most to further the work of the organizations, will be presented as a feature event of the evening. Joe Shepherd heads the program committee assisted by Joan LeBouff, Bob Merrill, Helen Billeter and Bill Burroughs. SSS Hold Recognition Banquet On Thursday Stage, Stump, Studio recognition banquet for students who are active in speech, dramatics, and WBAA ''will be held Thursday at 6:30 o’clock in Lincoln Lodge. Major C. C. Mather of Culver Military Academy will be the main speaker. Prof. A. H. Monroe, head of the University speech department, will preside as master of ceremonies, The special honorary awards will be presented by President Elliott. Quiz, Razz Awards Entertainment will consist of a celebrity quiz and the presentation of razz awards. All members of the “College Widow” cast are urged to attend. The sale of tickets will end tomorrow at 4 o’clock. Tickets may be purchased for 66 cents until that time at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall or at the radio station in the Hall of Music, p.s. Newman Club Picnic Terminates Activities Approximately fifty-five Newman Club mehibers attended the annual spring picnic last Sunday at Turkey Run, ending the year’s activities for the club. The picnickers left Lafayette at 9:30 a. m. and hiked over the trails before noon. The main event of the afternoon was a baseball game'.
WPA Approves Leap For Aero Research Lab WPA has approved a grant of $105,108 for the completion of the research laboratory addition to the hangar at the airport. Work will start within the next few days according to G. S. Meikle, airport executive. The laboratory which is now under construction, through previous federal aid, is being pushed to completion and the addition which will be of reinforced concrete, will be devoted to aerodynamics, airplane engines and airplanes. The addition will be 78% feet long by 47 feet wide, three stories, with one story underground. When completed the entire laboratory will be 246 feet long by 47 feet wide. The space is to be used for important research projects which are needed now in light of the extensive Defense program, Meikle said. Co-eds To Present Dances, Gymnastics Tomorrow At 7:30 Demonstration of dance, sports, and tumbling will begin at 7:30 tomorrow night in the Women’s Gymnasium. The program is planned to demonstrate typical class work of the home economics a™ science coeds who are"carrying minors or majors in physical education. 75 Take Part Opening the hour and one-half program, in which approximately 75 students will take part, will be a badminton exhibition by the seniors of the group, while the juniors demonstrate volleyball,'and physical education classes give an archery display. Folk dancing numbers by sophomores will be followed by gymnastics, including tumbling and pyramid building by freshmen, and tap dancing by the sophomores. Finale wjII be a water ballet by the Triton Club. The program is sponsored by the University Department of Physical Education for Women, and will be open to the student body and the general public without charge, r.b. Honoraries Sponsor Banquet Tonight At 6 Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honoraryj in conjunction with Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary; Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary; Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary; Phi Lambda Upsilon, chfemical engineering honorary, and Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary, will sponsor an engineering banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the North Union ball-
room.
Dr. John Dienner, a Chicago patent attorney, will address the banquet. All distinguished students and faculty members have been inivted to attend. The admission charge is one dollar, k.r. Club To Hold Picnic Tomorrow On Farm Horticulture picnic will be held tomorrow in the hollows of the Horticulture farm, located two miles west of the campus on route 26. Entertainment will be In the form of a scavenger hunt, a baseball game and horseshoes. The picnic is an open affair for students, faculty and townspeople. Reservations may be purchased from R. H. Brewster or any club member for 20 cents, r.w.b. Reamer Club . . . activity honorary, last night elected the following officers: L. W. Ruffner, president; C. H. Hansen, vice-president; W. B. Presnail, secretary; M. A. Kline, treasurer and R. B. Stecher, sergeant-at-arms.
FACULTY FAILS TO ADOPT QUARTERLY SYSTEAA, 2-1
Social Conference Meets On Campus, Prof. Hall Presides The second annual meeting of the Indiana State Conference on Social work for the West Central region was held on the campus yesterday in the Union Building. The meeting was one of six being held throughout the state. The morning session was presided over by Professor 0. F. Hall, head of the University Department of Education and Applied Psychology. Luncheon was held in the Union cafeteria with Carl H, Barnett, director of public welfare in Boone county, presiding. Virgil Martin, of Indianapolis, spoke on “National Defense and Social Work” as part of the luncheon program. Dr. W. R. Graham, of the Central Presbyterian Church delivered the invocation. Separate Groups The remaining time was spent with members meeting in separate discussion groups. Janet Stroup, case work supervisor of Montgomery County, was chairman of a meeting on “Children and “National Defense and Rural Areas”; and Mrs. E. T. Stahl, president of the League of Women Voters, was in charge of a discussion of “The Job of a Board Member” in the morn-
ing.
Gordon Speaks Following the luncheon, D. Russel Gordon, judge of the White County Circuit Court, led a discussion on “Delinquency — Prevention and Treatment”; and L. J. Fisher, principal of the Lebanon Junior High School, presided over a discussion on mental health. Prominent speakers included Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, of the University, officials of state institutions, and welfare workers. S.A.E. To Present Motion Picture On Oil Tomorrow A color film, “To the Nth Degree,” depicting the work refereed by Professor H. M. Jacklin in lubricating oil tests in Arizona and Death Valley last fall, will be shown in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building tomoirow afternoon at 3:30 o’clock. The showing is being sponsored by the Society of Automotive Engineers.
Claim Lack 01 Inlormation To Make Intelligent Choice By an overwhelming two to one vote, the University faculty, meeting in a special session, yesterday, rejected a proposal for a quarterly course of study system at Purdue. During the course of an extended debate, several faculty members expressed doubt as to whether there had been enough information presented to warrant an intelligent vote by the group. At the meeting, however, complete curricula were presented for every course of study under the quarterly system. Prof. G. W. Sherman and Prof. W. B. Sanders presented research material to the faculty session which presented a detailed survey of the system compiled during the last several years. Favorable reports were given on the results of quarter systems now in effect at Ames College, Ohio State and Minnesota universities. „ Some of the principal objections raised to adopting the proposal
were:
(1) Information on cost of the quarter system to the University is not now available. (2) A great deal of work would be involved in switching from the present sysem. (3) The course material would be too concentrated. (4) Difficulty in scheduling certain labs. Among the advantages cited
were:
(1) Fewer subjects would be taken at a time, thus permitting better
study.
(2) Time between quarters will coincide wih natural vacations. (3) Health of students. The opinion was expressed last night by a member of the faculty that because of this defeat of the proposal it was not at all dead, and would certainly be reintroduced some time next fall, j.l.t.
Correspondent Says Nazi's Actions Reveal Fear Of Libian Defeat By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. \ Lisbon, May 19—The German ef“fort to engulf the British at Suez by bringing in new allies all the way fiom Russia, on the frontiers of Iraq, to France in the western Mediterranean and North Africa, refiects the German realization that the British are likely to beat them in
Libya.
Though British sea power is spread thin, it still operates against German supply lines across the Mediterranean, and though Britain suffers an inferioriy in trained divisions, planes and heavy tanks, her soldiers are probably superior to the Germans in desert fighting. The army of Marshal Rodolfo Graziani, then commander in chief of Italy’s North African forces, was no easy thing and G^. Sir Archibald Wavell’s destruction of it was no fluke. The success of the Germans in driving the British back to Tobruk was due to Gen. Wavell’s withdrawing troops to Greece and the incredibly splendid German accomplishment of ferrying whole •Panzer divisions to Africa ^hen the British thought this well-nigh impossible. Remove Elemei\t Of Surprise The element of surprise has been removed and Britain has reinforced (Continued on page 2)
Because of wide-spread stu-dent-faculty interest concerning the quarter system, the Exponent is today printing a ballot on which students may indicate their preference as to he present system or the proposed quarter system. Please fill out your ballot and return to the Exponent box at the west Union desk or to the Exponent office. I favor a quarter system for the University. Q I prefer the present twosemester plan. Q
Survey Shows 60% 01 Students Want CAA Training To Stay
(B^ Student Opinion Surveys) AUSTIN, Texas, May 19.—^While the nation shifts its aviation industry into'high gear, pending in Congress is the renewal and expansion of the Civilian Pilot Training Program in which American colleges and universities during the last two and a half years have taken an ac-'
tive part.
Without any doubt. Student Opinion Surveys of America discovers, collegians the nation-over want this training continued. Interviewing a sample of students in all types of institutions, the Surveys found 92 in every 100 want the government to offer the CAA flying courses again. But there have been reports coming from Washington that military officials frown upon “civilian” training. “Some brass hats have from the first resented the training program as an encroachment op their main,” the Chicago Daily News commented recently. The Surveys has taken this issue before the American student body: “If pilot training is continued in colleges, would you rather it be handled as a civilian course, an
army course, or a navy course?” Civilian, said 60% Army, said 27 Navy, said I 13 (Of those interviewed, 6 per cent had no opinion) Although a majority would rather see civil authorities carry on with the program, the respectable size (40 per cent) of those who want the army or navy to handle it should not be discounted. Reflecting the influence of our defense activity and the war, the feeling found among many a student was expressed by a St. Edward’s (Texas) University junior, who declared, “It’s military training from now on—it’s no use being hypocritical about it.” Last April another national study conducted by the Surveys indicated that nearly half of the men now in college would prefer the air service over the army or navy if they had to enter the armed forces. These were the results: Air service, 48 per cent; army, 27 per cent; navy, 25 per cent.
Rhodesian Display In UnianPortrays tfatiy ^Handicrafts A. R. Mather, a former resident of West Lafayette and an instructor in the British Mission School in Southern Rhodesia, has sent a collection of African handicraft to the University. The collection is now on display in Room 257 next to the Union West Desk. True Folklore Since almost all items in the exhibit were made by natives under the direction of missionaries, everything is authentic. Woven baskets, hunting spears and axes and even a native piano compose the display. Reproductions of paintings depicting native life by an artist who recently visited Southern Rhodesia are also offered for the inspection of those inters ested. Other articles are a large python skin and porcupine quills, some of which are the extraordinary length of eight and nine inches. Mather A Missionary Southern Rhodesia is one of the more modern British colonial possessions in Africa. Mr. Mather lives in the principal city, Bulawayo, the population of which is about 12,000, He reports to friends in West Lafayette that the city is clean and modern in virtually every respect, much more so than some of our American cities, o.hc.
8%
\.^W
|l. 1 „ ' . > . ' ■•V , 1 >'* .i 'K *’ ' >,j.i '’■ *'
fia^ 2-£dttA.
Tuesday, May 20, 1941
fiuAdwL £3tpDnMnL
JimsiLif JoUl
With' the announcement of elections Friday morning, a newly elected group took its place at the end of a long line of Exponent statfs. To the departing seniors, we can only say that we have thoroughly enjoyed our association with you, and already we realize how much we are going to miss your encouragement and advice. The Exponent’s first foreign news service, new offices in the Union for both the editorial and business staffs, and an All-American rating for the paper are just a few of your accomplishments during the past year. The new staff will have a tough job in equalling your record. To the student body and faculty alike we want to say that this is your paper, and we will encourage and welcome your contributions in a sincere desire to secure a more representative paper. Throughout the coming year we hope that the University will feel that it is a part of the paper, and we can work together for a better Purdue University. The new staff will do all in its power to bring you an interesting, energetic, and perhaps even larger Exponent, supporting those moves beneficial to the student body. To those who did not survive elections we don’t want this to be “Goodbye.” Many of you have spent from twenty to thirty hours a week for more than thirty weeks a year working for the Exponent, and we can only say that we are
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.60. Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Traugott Business Manager Don S. Powers Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Knffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, E. L. Hadley, P. 1. Jones, E. J. Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, E. E, Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Boynton Issue Editor: Rafert Night Sports Editor: Fraser Staff: K. G. Roquemore, P. G. Hoffman, R. W. Boswinkle, S. B. Wolf, H. Stenberg, D. E. Brewer and O. T. Clark.
deeply appreciative of your efforts. "We regret the necessity of the yearly cut in personnel. Drop into the office any time; we’ll need your criticisms, ideas, and encouragement.
Defense Based On Engineering Skill-A. Potter “To an extraordinary degree our military defense program as well as our ability to meet industrial competition depends upon people who are competent as engineers,” says a letter sent a few days ago by Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering to high school principals of the state. “Engineers are needed in large numbers for the operation of the national defense industries. The output of engineering colleges, which are barely sufficient to meet the needs of industry and government during normal times, is not satisfying the present demand. 200 Firms Wanted Men The fact that nearly 200 industrial firms visited the campus of Purdue University during this year to employ engineering students about to graduate is clear evidence that the demand for graduates from the regular four year engineeirng curricula far exceeds supply. “Purdue University believes that in this period of national emergency,, as well as in normal times, its foremost duty as well as its chief contribution to the welfare of the state and nation is to continue to provide facilities for training engineers and others interested in applied science.” Dean Potter pointed to the statements made last year by President Roosevelt, urging high school graduates to continue their study in order to prepare themselves for the greatest possible service to their country. No Short Cuts “There is no short cut to the established procedure for training engineers,” said the letter. “Young people who have the ability to profit by an engineering training leading to a degree should be encour-
Meal Culling Specialists To Show Work Tomorrow A demonstration of expert meat cutting by specialists from Swift and Company, Chicago, will be given in the Home Economics Auditorium tomorrow night. May 28. Although the demonstration, sponsored by the University food departments, has been planed primarily for members of the University staif and for cooks from fraternities, sororities, and co-operative houses, it will be open without charge to the public. The evening’s program will include a sound motion picture covering the purchasing, preparation, and cooking of various cuts, in addition to the demonstration, p.g.h.
WBAA
EE Seniors
. . . will hold the first annual senior picnic at 4:30 o’clock Saturday at Ross Camp as a last get-together. A feature of the picnic will be a stu-dent-faculty baseball game. Several EE seniors are now selling tickets. Further information may be found on the bulletin board in the EE building, k.r.
Sargo
. . . the grand champion steer at the 1940 International Livestock ^Exposition, will be on exhibition at the livestock judging pavilion tomorrow afternoon from 1:30 to 4 o’clock. The steer, owned by the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, has been making a tour of the country. Admission is free. d.b.
aged to start their work promptly. To allow such high school graduates to be enticed by industrial employment at this time is unwise alike from the standpoint of the student, industry and government.”
11:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—Mrs. C. W. Hemmer— pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Music 12:15—Town Crier 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Cue for a Song—Frank Reddy 1:15—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Dorothy Washam—singer 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Story Time 2:15—Camera Club 2:30—Parent Forum 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—A Chapter a Week 3:15—Magic Carpet 3:30—Organ Moods—Frank Reddy 4:00-^Memory Lane 4:15—Eventide Echoes 4:30—South American Way 4:45—Story Book Hour 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
Co-ed Placement
The council for Co-operative Business Training, New York City, has announced that four full scholarships, covering tuition and all living expenses, and a number of part scholarships will be available to 1941 University graduates. This training in consumer co-op-eration, extending from July 7th until August 23rd, emphasizes the details of co-operative food store operation and other fields of consumer co-operation. Futher information may be obtained from the placement service for women, p.s, ■'
Temperatures ranging from 60 degrees below zero to 124 degrees above zero have been recorded at the University of North Dakota.
In Lafayette, Only Crown Cleaned Clothes have Monite Protection! Monite is an exclusive process for Moth-Proofing clothes— Guaranteed for 6 months or until cleaned again.
AUNDRY
riMJ R» -ftg r I ,tL£ .Cj^STJIJ t
■The Ratio— 3.93 > • • to 1
Well, last week-end was the last one before finals begin and people were really out enmasse. Probably the fact that the Army handed out 29 dollars to the Junior miliary students had something to do with it. For instance we saw Harry Hale down at Lamb’s having a fine time. Harry, you know, is one of these boys who make distinguished every semester and belongs to every honorary on the campus, so .you can imagine our surprise. ^ ^ Francis Kimmell walked in with her date for Cary Club dance and of all people, ran into Torchy Ken^ worthy. Ah confusion. Betty Aim McCreary and her pin man Bill Ogden were having a marvelous time smooching over in the corner. What is there about a pub that makes people want to make love in them ? Brownie was having the same trouble with Jean Jones over at the Blazer. Jeannie, we hear, was really letting down her hair. Well, it was just about her last fling at college life, so we say go to it, Jeannie. Speaking of Kappas, we really saw bunches of them. Ann Custer with her pin man from out of town,, who, incidentally, forgot to bring his formal clothes, or maybe she forgot to tell him. »{» H* H* other good times were had around campus, too. A couple fellows were out all night with their imports, for instance. Don’t know who they were, but you might ask Ray Smith about it. Is that what the Triangles teach their pledges ? Got a few pins to tell you about, too. Bonnie Robbins had to make a decision the other day between a Phi Gam and a Sig. Guess the boys got tired of competing, but anyhow the winner was Zu Schnieder of the Sigs. Lambda Chi Jack Roberts didn’t waste any time after he was initiated to pin Betty Lou Wallace, either. He even did it with a borrowed pin, too. That’s love for you, * -1: Hey, we got a contrib., believe it or not, telling us that Theta Zi Jack Jewett pinned a nurse out at the Home Hospital by the name of Polly. The man adds, pertinently enough, that the boys are going to have a heck of a time serenading a hospital. ' Ann Garland of the Theta house also took a pin. The lucky man is Delt Dwight Zeller. What’s this we hear about the Delta Gams fumigating their house to get rid of the black beetles ? We always thought that they were only found in the bushes. Somebody must have been on a wonderful picnic.
The John Marshall
LAW SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD • For Catalog, recom* mended list of pre-legol ■ ubjects, and booklet. "Studyof Lowond Proper Preparation' address i Edward T. Lee Dean
COURSES
(40 weeks per year) AFTERNOON 3H years. 5 days...
4:30-6:30
EVENING-4 years Mon., Wed., Fri.,
6:30-9:20
POST-GRADUATE 1 year..twice a week Practice courses exclusively.(Evenings) Two years' college work required for entrance Courses lead to degrees. New classes form in Sept, and Feb,
Correspondent Says (Continued from page 1)
her position since the Greek defeat, 80 some quarters here believe she now has 500,000 men in Egypt. However the campaign may go, the Germans have already suffered a signiflcant, perhaps decisive, failure in the Libyan operation. Germany sent two columns, roughly 100-odd miles south of the seacoast, hoping to drive all the way through Girabub Oasis to the Nile by allout tactics similar to her armored forces in France, The British brought these columns to a standstill, raiding supply lines and bombing an airfield. Equally significant is the British capture of Salum which now has changed hands for the fourth time. Salum is not important in itseM but it shows that the British have punch. That is important because the only way to beat the German tactics of driving armored columns all the way through is counterattack by driving British columns through the German positions. These minor British successes may prove decisive because with each day of German delay the mercury goes up." Soon the tanks should run about 200 degrees Fahrefiheit at noon and even the greaseless German fries in that heat. While the British have been conditioning in the desert, Lt. Gen. Rommell, commander of the German tank forces in North Africa, trained his units in Bavaria and even his efforts to put them in steam baths was no substitute for , experience on a given terrain. There is no ersatz for a desert any more than there is ersatz for the kind of heroism Britain’s thinly spread forces show, whether it be withdrawing from the Greek mountains in perfect order under Stukas, ' or holding Tobruk. The Germans are faced with the possibility that they cannot continue during summertime their offensive on the Western Desert.
DANCE REVUJE By Pupils of Allen's School of Dancing Friday, June 6, 8:00 p. m. SUMMER CLASSES OPEN Saturday, June 14th BALLET, TAP and BALLROOM DANCING Private Lessons by Appointment PHONE 2150
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
GEORGE RAFT ANN SHERIDAN HUMPTERY BOGART IN THEY DRIVE BY NIGHT
PLUS
— ADDED — DONALD DUCK CARTOON
Baseball Results National Leflgue Cincinnati, 7; Boston, 3. Pittsburgh, 2; New York, 1. Chicago,‘14; Brooklyn, 1. (Only games scheduled.)
American League St. Louis, 6; New York, 1. Detroit, 4; Boston, 2. Philadelphia, 5; Cleveland, 4. Chicago, 8; Washington, 2.
American Association St. Paul, 14; Milwaukee, 11. (Others night games.) I M Schedules*
TENNIS Tuesday, May 20 (B) Doubles: Triangle vs Alpha Tau Omega or Lambda Chi Alpha (A) Doubles: Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Phi Singles: Alpha Tau Omega vs Tau Epsilon Phi Cary,aHll 6 vs Cary Hall 2 or 6 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 13 or 11 Mees vs Sells or Lichtenberg Wells vs Eden or Summers W. R. Dudzinski vs Gardner or MichelsMangold or Lichtenberg vs Pickering Sitz vs Hayward Olmstead vs W. R. Dudzinski Deardorff vs J. J. Dudzinski
BASEBALL Tuesday, May 20 Diamond— 2. Ward 17 vs Ward 10 4 Ward 25 vs Ward 24 6. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs^Sigma Phi Epsilon or Phi Sigma Kappa
ALL CAMPUS GOLF “B" Plight"' Kuntz vs Sprague Kregg vs Proesel Fox vs Bouton Graham or Rieger vs Greenstein "A” J'light Harrison vs Saizman Polk vs Simons Dixon vs Overlay Hoffman vs Laddon or Hamilton
TODAY - WEDNESDAY THRILLS ARE YOURS...WHEN
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— WITH — ARLEEN WHALEN — AND—
IT'S FIRST RUN
PLUS
'GREEN ARCHER'
315 Plymouth Ct.*Chicago, III.
TODAY-WEDNESDAY — 2 SWELL HITS —
I BY THE AUTHOR YOU CAN^T ElAT
MONTGOMERY be^Heaven
luaiE
OSCAR
SIRDERS-WtTSHI-HiniOQMt
>
I' ^1;
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday. May 20. 1941
Page 3' Sports
h
Wolverines Split Series With lllini. Hold Narrow Lead In Big Ten Baseball Race Michigan retained its narrow first place margin in the Big Ten baseball chase, this week-end, by splitting their two games series with a dangerous Indiana team. The Wolverines’ ace hurlers, Mickey Stoddard and Cliff Wise, took over their customary week-end chores and protected Michigan’s half game lead over the University of Illinois nine. The Wolverines take to the road this coming week-end to play a two game series with the Riveters.
Baseball Team Meets Wabash Tdday
Stoddard Beaten
Much to ^everyone’s surprise, the unbeatable Stoddard fell a victim to some timely Indiana hitting and lost Friday’s game, six to five. However, the Wolverines came back on Saturday and halved the series with an eight to three victory behind the six hit pitching of sophomore. Cliff Wise. A big five run splurge in the fifth inning clinched the contest for the conference leaders. The week-end’s play in the rest of the Big Ten encounter was characterized hy an abundance of split series. The only team to walk off with two victories was the Wisconsin nine who spent an enjoyable week-end playing host to the helpless Maroons. As a result of their games with the Badgers, Chicago finished the season with a perfect record; no wins and ten losses.
Win and Lose
A summary of the remainder of the conference games reveals three halved series. Northwestern dropped themselves to a tie for sixth place in their series with the Hawkeyes on the Iowa campus. Ohio State and Illinois gave an eye for an eye in a thrilling two-game stand at Champaigne, and Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker crew walked off with a draw in their games with
Minnesota. j.d.f.
Conference standings, today:
Michigan Illinois Iowa Indiana Wisconsin Minnesota Northwestern Ohio State Puidue Chicago
Won
6 7 6 7 4 6 4 5 4 0
Lost
2 4 8 5 3 6 4 6 6
10
Princeton university recently acquired a fossil of a bat estimated to be 60,000,000 years old.
Four Boilermaker Teams Fate Contests This Week Four Riveter athletic teams will be active this week in contests which wil determine to a great extent the success or failure of those teams for the season’s competition. Wait For Michigan Dutch Fehring’s baseballers, who have been a changed bunch since the Illinois series here April 25-26, move down to Crawfordsville today for a game with the Little Giants of Wabash. The Giants were beaten earlier m the campaign on the Boilermaker diamond and, no doubt, it will be two in a row fqy the visitors. With their conference record standing at four victories and six defeats, the djamondmen meet up with Michigan here this week-end for a two game series. Probably Blanken and Emmert will be saved for these games, since the Wolverines have been pushing around every team with nerve enough to ask for it. Should the Riveters sweep the series, they would wind up with a .500 average in the Western Conference, which is not too bad. Tennis Team Doing O. K. When the tennis team completely humbled Earlham Saturday, it gave LaBree’s racqueteers the enviable record of nine and three. In the conference they stand three up and two down—a better record than last season. From May 22 to 24 the netmen will sojourn at Richmond, home of Earlham, for the State Meet.
By PHIL JOHNSON
• GREETINGS AND SALUTATIONS Today I join the ranks of editors, Lindberghs, and persons with tapeworms who assume the editorial “we.” We’re a little awed and humble toward the big job that lies before us—in handling the sports of as large and progressive an institution as Purdue. " * * * • AN ORCHID FOR OLD JOE The job is especially difficult because it carries with it an attempt to fill the shoes of that indomitable Irishman, Joseph Patrick Dolan. Ole Joe’s perseverance and ability as sports editor were very instrumental in gaining nation-wide honor for the Exponent in the ratings recently, released by the Associated Collegiate Press. His vast knowledge of Boilermaker and national athletics is unending. He always said what he thought was true, never lacking the courage to carry out his convictions. We hope our feet are large enough to fill your shoes, Joe. * * H • WHAT’S IN A NAME? The name 6f the column? Well, we aren’t Irish, so it would be^sacrilegious to keep the Illusions elucidating. So we just picked an easy word to spell. Why? Maybe because we had the idea of incorporating Mai Elward, Dutch Fehring, et al the coaches, Jim Adams, Charlie Standard, and the other managers, along with the numerous athletes who display “P” sweaters, as agents of our Sports Gestapo in order to get the inside dope. Or maybe because ... or .... Anyway, what’s in a name ? i! * * • CONTRIBUTIONS SURE HELP Any column is aided materially by contributions and criticisms from readers. Let us know if something happens deserving of mention. We’ll even let you handle the column on certain days if you have a good idea. We’ll try to acknowledge all worthwhile contributions. It is our aim to make the column as democratic as possible. Your cooperation will determine to what extent this hope will find materialization. One more thing. First, last, and always, we are for the Boilermakers 100 per cent in all types of sport. Anything that will promote more successful athletic endeavors at Purdue will get our heartiest support. We hope that you will bear with us during the coming months. We’ll do our best.
• When Looking for Gifts for Grads • When Looking for Nationally Advertised Toilet Articles at Low Prices YARDLEY—COTY—MAX FACTOR Remember Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery oiimisiiv DNC m. Next to Post Office N. J. Arth ’37 D. N. HanseU ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
After beating lU Friday, the Riveters were more firmly established in the state. Their major competition should come from DePauw and Notre Dame. Tracksters Meet Maroons Until the Big Ten Outdoor Meet at Minneapolis the track team had had almost phenomenal success. Among the successes was the Illinois dual meet conquest a week ago here. At Minneapi^lis the thinclads wound up in eighth place with five meagre points. On Saturday they are the top-
heavy favorites to beat Chicago on the Ross-Ade cinder paths. Hermon Phillips has given the campus a new perspective on track. Golfers Improve Harry Allspaw’s golfers defeated Butler in easy fashion Saturday to avenge some of the defeats suffered earlier in the season. From Thursday to Saturday they will enter into the State Meet which will be held at the West Lafayette Country Club. Notre Dame and Indiana are the standouts ahead of the Riveter linksmen. o.tc.
ATTENTION ENGINEERS!
HERE IS A NEW CONVERSION FACTOR:
« WHY DON’T YOU CONVERT YOUR USED BOOKS INTO CASH?
EVERY DAY — WE PAY MORE
WHEN YOU GO TO COLLEGE THIS FALL
Take advantage of the "College Special'
ROUND TRIP
REDUCED FARES
These special school and college rail tickets, with their liberal extended return limits, are immensely popular with students and teachers. When you are ready to go to school this Fall, buy one. You may use the return coupon to travel home at Christmas. There are also reduced round trip Pullman rates in connection with these “College Special" tickets. The ticket agent in your own home town, or any railroad passenger representative can give you full details regarding return limits, stop over privileges, prices, etc. Be Thrifty and Safe—Travel by Train ASSOCIATED EASTERN RAILROADS
“REST ASSURED' / at HOTEL FOWLER 200 Rooms Fireproof Newly Decorcxted Blue Bluzer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
Bulldogs Play Host To Riveters In Second Encounter Of Season
By DON BREWER
Wabash College’s baseball nine will play host to the Riveter diamPhd men this afternoon at three o’clock, when coach Dutch Fehring’s bat-weilders appear on the Crawfordsville field, hoping to duplicate a 4-3 rapping which they handed the Little Giants on April 22. The game will begin at 3p. m., with Fehring and 16 of his strongest leaving Lafayette at 12:30 by bus.
Season Closes Satqrday
This week-end will finish the regular Boilermaker schedule when Michigan’s Big Ten leaders invade the Gold and Black camp Friday and Saturday. There is a possibility that Friday’s opener might be played undei the bright-lights of the Columbian Park stadium, according to word received from Mai Elward,
athletic director.
Sophomore Walter Leifheit is slated to start out on the mound against the Little Giants this afternoon while Johnny Emmert, star of the Minnesota game last Saturday, will rest up for the Wolverines on Friday. Along with Ernie Young, who did an excellent job behind the plate, John gave a strong pitching exhibition, besides getting hits on all three times up at bat to knock in four runs. Young will catch again
this afternoon.
McFerren Leads Batters Topping a diamond combination that has won 13 out of 21 times on , the playing field, 2nd sacker Harry McFerren leads in batting averages with an impressive .389. Walter Leifheit is tailing McFerren close with a .368 average, witH Emmert and Doherty tying for third with .318. Emmert tops the pitchers with a record of six won and only one lost for a .857 average and winning both of his Big-Ten games to keep up at
the 1.000 mark.
Dopesters pick the Boilermakers to come out on the long end this afternoon, but Wabash has polished its game since the two teams last met, the Little Giants thoroughly drubbing Indiana, 12-3, after facing the Gold and Black. The Hoosiers fanned the local diamond men in a clean sweep, 10-1, and 7-6 during
Gala Week.
Strong Line-Up Today’s line-up will be: Leifheit, pitcher; Ydung, catcher; McCaffry, first; McFerren, second; Doherty, third; Capt. Fisher, short-stop; Blanken, left field; Byelene, center; and Janisch, right field, d.e.b.
Chicago Netters Top Riveters, 5-2; Lucht, Richards Winners CHICAGO, 111., May 19—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—The University of Chicago’s only claim to fame, its tennis team, made a visiting band of Reveters feel anything but at home here today as it thrashed its way to a five to two triumph bn the Midway courts. The Maroons took both doubles matches and was slowed up only twice in the singles when Ray Lucht and Fred Richards claimed victories for the
Riveter squad.
Good Record
Tod&y’s loss gave Coach Larry LaBree’s Boilermaker squad a record of nine wins and four losses for the season. In conference play the Riveters emerged with a three win and three loss record. The match with Chicago was the last dual meet of the season and the squad’s two seniors. Bob Anderson and Fred Richards saw their last conference dual meet competition in the encounter. A tabulation of the year’s battles reveals that Ray Lucht made the best record for the year with ten victories and three losses in singles
competition.
This week is the date for the state championships which will be held at Earlham College, Richmond, from Thursday to Saturday. Coach LaBree predicts a close battle between the Riveters and Notre Dame in the finals. Although DePauw, who beat the Boilermakers earlier this season, will h§ present at the meet, LaBree believes that the down state squad can be beaten. The PurdueDePauw match was played on cement courts, which was a distinct disadvantage to the visiting Riveters. LaBree’s squad will go to the state finals without the services of Dick Stettner, whose twisted knee will make his appearance impos-
sible. j.d.f.
Match summary: SINGLES Sawyer (C) beat Anderson (P) 6-2, 8-6 Kenetich (C) beat Armstrong (PX 6-1, 6-1
Texas College of Mines and Metallurgy is building a $55,000 chemistry building. Pikers!
e-e.
Lucht (P) beat Self (C) 6-4, 6-1 Richards (P) beat Lifton (C) 6-2, 4-6,
DOUBLES
Sawyer and Lifton (C) beat Anderson
Kenetich and Self (C) beat Van Camp
Mai tin (C) beat Van Camp (P) 6-1, 6-2 and Armstrong (P) 6-3, 6-4.
There’s no need to swelter when guick relief can be yours so economically. Come in today and see die beaudfbl new General Electric "Family <rf ^ms,” priced from $4.95 to $19.95. You’ll be proud and happy to have one in any room! In Stock and For Sale by HAYWOOD'S "EVERYTHING FOR THE OFFICE" Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lefayelte« Ind. FHONE 4085
^ t"/
• l’*-' 4^PoipL ^ - ^suwuxL
Tuesday, May 20, 1941
(PwudujL £xpotuuit
WAA To Hold Annual Sports Frolic Today
Golfers Whitewash
(Continued from page 1)
Spoi’ts spread, annual spring sosial function of WAA, being at 6:30 o’clock this evening when the girls hike out to the cabin. A picnic is planned, after which the annual awards will be made. Any girl who has a total of onethousand points for playing in the class games will receive a “P” monogram, which automatically pledges her to Sportswomen, WAA honoi’ary. Any girl who has a total of one-hundred points will receive a class numeral. WAA will also award the class cup and an intramural cup. Skins will be awarded to senior women on the basis of continued intei’est, good sportsmanship, health, scholarship, and participation in WAA. Tickets are now on sale for 25 cents and may be purchased from any WAA officer, council niember, or at the WAA office. Anyone may attend the picnic, r.w.b.
competition for the Boilermakers, shot rounds of 71 and 76 to help the Riveter cause. Bob, who was captain of the team last year, will finish his college competition in the coming state and Big Ten championships. Curran, Dahl, Knipp, and McDaniel have another year of Big Ten golf before them. Teams from Notre Dame, Indiana and many other smaller state colleges will converge upon the campus this coming Friday for the state meet. The matches will be played at the West Lafayette Country Club and will provide local golf fans the last oppoi’tunity to watch this year’s Riveter squad in action. After this week-end’s play is finished, Allspaw’s proteges will start preparations for the Big Ten meet which will be played at the Mill Road Country Club, near Chicago,' on June 18 and 19. j.d.f.
Rochdale
The match summary: DOUBLES Dahl and Curran beat Wisely and Bruenner, 3 to 0.
Hoffer and McDaniels beat Goldberg and Rachlin, 3 to 0.
. . . cooperative house, announces the following officers for next year: president, Byron Alexander; vicepresident, Robert Montavon; treasurer, Thomas Curry; secretary, Robert Smith; work manager, Robert Riggs; assistant work manager, William Pauly; food buyer. Jackson G. Byers; assistant food buyer, Charles Duesler; house purchaser, Edwin Roth; social chairman, Edwin Humphrey; educational chairman, L. P. Myers.
SINGLES Dahl beat Wisely, 3 to 0
Hoffer beat Goldberg, 3 to 0
Curran beat Rachlin, 3 to-0
Dr. Rudolph Grabow
... supervisor of the Hoosier Purchase Unit, Bedford, will speak on “Economics of Forestry in southern Indiana As Related to Local Use” at the Forestry Club meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Horiculture Building. Refreshments will be served.
CopyofM ISML lJOGBrr & Myeu Tobacco Co.
Knipp beat Bruenner, 3 to 0 Frafernify Affairs Issues Callout Of Frosh Workers A callout for freshmen interested in working in the Fraternity Affairs office was issued yesterday by Leon Jacobson, chairman of the executive committee. Any freshman active or pledge of a house belonging to the Interfraternity Presi-, dents’ Council is eligible. The callout is for workers on the rush, special events, publicity, or scholarship committees which comprise the Office. Those interested should report to room 328 of the Union, Thursday afternoon, at 4 o’clock.
Ilotict
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, in room 134 EE building. P. H. Reedy will speak on "Recording.” Everyone is invited. I —FREED.
Please check the final examination schedule again to make sure that you have noted the proper time of your final examinations. Misreading of the schedule sheet or failure to understand the final examination schedule are not considered sufficient causes to warrant a special examination. Absence from finals will necessitate the recording of failing grades in those courses. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Fraternity Affairs .Office Sophomores: Report at 4 p. m. eWry day for the remainder of semester. ^ —JACOBSON.
silver Iced's must return them to the Agriculturist office Monday or Tuesday afternoon, May 19-20 if they expect to receive a key for this year’s work. —ADAMS.
Flying Club: Important meeting on Wednesday, May 21, at 7 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. Last meeting of the year. —HABICHT.
PI A Ward Activities Chairmen: Meet in the PIA office Thursday, May 22, at 7:80
AIChE Picnickers: Members who intend to go on picnic sign list in the chemical engineering office before Tuesday, May 20. The picnic will he held Wednesday, May 21, at the fairgrounds. —MASSlEY.
SMULEVITZ.
Student Senate: Meeting of all old and new members in the Senate office Tuesday, May 20, at 7:30 p. m. —DIBOS.
Silver Mask: Important meeting Thursday, May 22, at 7 :16 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. All old and new members Be present. —TOWER.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in room 232 of the Union, Wednesday, May 21, at 7:30 p. m. —SWAIM.
^3
Junior Military Students: Uniform allowance is ready for payment at cashier’s office in Executive Building. Have your passports with you. —BROWN.
Kappa Psi: Important meeting Tuesday, May 20, at 4 p. m. A short session will be held. All members be present. —SCOTT.
Pan Hellenic Council: Meeting Wednesday, May 21, at 4 p. jn. in room 305 of the Union. —ADKINS.
Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
Classified Ads
EE Seniors: All seniors with cars who can drive to senior picnic at Ross Camp. May 24. sign up on list on main bulletin board in-EE building. —AULL.
Fraternity Affairs: Interviews for the sophomore workers will be as follows for Tuesday, May 20: Arkin, 4:05; Dllts, 4:10; Gardner, 4:15; Gatewood, 4:20; Honer, 4 :25 ; Katz, 4:30 ; King, 4 :35 ; Miller, 4:40 ; Neese, 4 :46 ; Pfenninger, 4 :50 ; Pritchard, 4 :55 ; Redlich, 5 :00 ; Simpson, 5:05 ; Smith, 5:10; Thorpe, 5:15; 'Wilcox, 5:20. —JACOBSON.
Agricultural Education Society: All those who ordered keys please pay for them before May 23. —FISCUS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting for new initiates Wednesday, May 21, at 4 p. m. in room 236 of the Union. —MacDONALD.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledging service today at 5 o’clock in room 232 of the Union. —WAYNE.
Zouaves: Meeting Wednesday, May 21, in room 104 of the Armory at 4 p. m. —GRAF.
All WBAA Staff: Get your invitations and tickets at the WBAA Studios or from Joyce Burnham by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makesnof portable typewriters, 529.75 to $69.6(v Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone, 2779.
All Debaters and Forensic Managers: Get your invitations and tickets for Stage, Stump, and Studio Banquet from the Speech Office or Janet Morehouse by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Skull and Crescent Actives and Pledges: Formal initiation Thursday, May 22. Meet at 6:30 p. m. at north door of Mechanical Building. Let’s be there. It’s a farewell party. —LANIUS.
Agriculturist: Meeting of the board of managers, Tuesday, May 20, in room 118 of Ag hall. —SNYDER.
Freshmen Ad Men: Report to the Exponent office Tuesday, May 20, at 4 'p. m. Placement of routes will be made. —GJEMRE.
Union Vice Presidents: New Board meeting today in Union office at 4:00 p. m. —STAREK.
All Men interested in delivering Exponents for school year ’41-’42 write or call Bill Bell, Cary Hall South.
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive Committee meeting of new officers at 8 p. m. Tuesday, May 20, at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —SIGLER.
Lost; strayed, or stolen: One slightly worn Gimlet pot. Call 5097. Reward. Phil Johnson. Lost: Plain gold man’s ring, four weeks ago on campus. Reward. Return to West Desk.
To Whom It May Concern: Subscriptions to the Purdue Engineer which have not been ■ paid to date must be paid before final exams. —SIOLEE.
PEW Horseback Riding Classes: Final showing of the riding movies will be Tuesday, May 20, at 4 p. m. in the Hygiene lecture room of the women’s gymnasium. Attendance is compulsory for all those that did not see the picture yesterday. —CASE.
Gimlet Actives and Pledges: Election of officers and initiation Wednesday, May 21, at 7 p. m. at the SPE house. Pledges bring two paddles, full boxes, a bath towel and three dollars for initiation fee. —TAYLOR.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Wednesday, May 28, at 7 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Selection of best teacher leather medal award and officers. Please be present. —McKEE.
Lost: A gold, diamond engagement ring in women’s lounge Friday, May 16. Reward if found and returned to Frank Knutzen, Cary Hall North.
Engineer Staff: Meeting Wednesday, May 21, at 4 p. m. in the office. All staff members please attend and bring designs for next year’s cover. —M. B. H.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Thursday, May 22, at 7:16 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building. Election of officers. —HOLCOMB.
Ceres: Meet at east door of the Union, Tuesday, May 20, at 7 p. m. Everyone come. —HOD.
All men interested in delivering Exponents for school year ’41-’42, get in touch with Circulation Manager before Friday.
All Playshop People: Get your invitations and tickets for the Stage, Stump, Studio banquet at the Playshop office or from Jo Stong by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Typing: Thesis or reports, rates. Phone 3442.
For Rent: Single or double rooms for summer or fall. 242 Littleton St.
Notices
Co-eds: Who were in the Galacade are required to come to ballet practice Tuesday, May 20, at 4 p. m. in the Woman’s Gymnasium. —ROSENCRANS.
Christian Science Organization: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 305 of the Union. —HARDY.
WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday, May 20.
Exponent Workers: Meeting of all elected officers and staff workers Wednesday, May 21, at 4 :15 p. m. in the Union office. —TRAUGOTT. ,
Agriculturist: All holders of bronze or
RIDE THE NEW
First All- Coach Streamliner and Finest and Fastest Train between CINCINNATI, INDIANAPOLIS, UFAYEHE, CHICAGO
You will enjoy the modem daydiner luxury of the new James Whitcomb Riley. A travel favorite at first sight, the ”Riley” is timed to your maximum business convenience. From sleek locomotive to rounded observation it contains every de luxe travel comfort —stainless steel coaches, exquisite diner serving low cost meals, scenic lounge with smart cafe. Fluorescent lighting. Air-conditioned throughout.
Luxurious Streamlined Coaches—
spadons, individual reclining seats reserved vdthont extra cost. Modem powder and smoking rooms.
For Information and Reservations Phone 6303
ROUND TRIP SCHEDULE Northbound fcaday) 8 :00 A.M, Lv. Cincinnati (E.S.'T.) 8:50 A.M. Ar. Indianapolis (C.S.T.) 9:59 A.M. Lv. Lafayette 11:20 A.M. Ar. Kankakee 12:30 P.M. Ar. Chicago (Central Sta.)
(MAtpdk mi,. SoomOl a$at)
ConTeiiI«iit oonneotioiu with Waatern ’nralnt
Ar. 11:00 P.M. Ar. 8:00 P.M. Lv. 6:52 P.M. Ar. 5:35 P.M. Lv. 4:30 P.M.
NEW YORK CENTRAL ' BIG FOUR ROUTE
...FOR SUMMER COMFORT
Our smartest patterns carry-low heels this summer in accordance popular demand.
Choose from a broad selection of spectator types_ and dressier patterns at this unusual price.
3bBb!sL. ShosL SaiofL
SECOND FLOOR
the Purdue Exponent Service / Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic BR, RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK -Uh h Main Sta. Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
\ Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
• Jewelers
If It's Hardware Wo Have It
Hays jewelry Co.
Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices
Fine Jewelry
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc.
at Moderate Prices
Phone 4354 We Deliver
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH
Quality Mdse.—Right Prices
Jeweler and Optometrist
822 Main St. Phone 2777
504 Main St.
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor
Fowler Hotel Building '
SUIT and TOPCOAT , ^ -
1 $30 and up