■I?; ^^<\u
0.
' ' .'■“V./yi-V''
MERRY-GO-ROUND Discusses Fictitious Jap Victory Reports
EitablUhcd 1889
%pj04ieM ^ Daily Sine* 1906
LOST AND rOUNi) Sale This Thursday; Reclaim Lost Articles
Yolume 53, No. 173
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, April 21, 1942
CTU vttsawioH MHIflY-60 lll^jl^lli!
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Gen. Marshall Discusses Soviets fn War Of Pacific WASHINGTON, April 20.—One of the principal subjects discussed by Harry Efopkins and Gen. Marshall in London was Russian involvement in the war in the Pacific. Allied chiefs are convinced that the question no longer is whether Russia and Japan will fight, but when. The answer to this question is of greatest moment to both sides. Russian participation in the Pacific i^ould mean many vital, strategic advantages to the United States. The spectacular U. S. bombing raid from Australia to Manila could be duplicated on Tokio if U. S. planes could use Vladivostok as a landing base. Ppr Hitler, a Jap attack on the Russian rear would offer the hope of easing Russian pressure on the western front, where Nazi plans foi a Spring offensive have been seriously disrupted. For the Japs, sti iking while the Red Army is straining every nerve to overcome the Nazis would offer the possibility of crippling the- Russians before they are in a position to throw their full Weight against the Japs. Intelligence Information Allied Strategists believe that Jap warlords now arc weighing the question of an early attacli on Russia. This belief is based on certain significant Intelligence information, such as: 1. The Premier of the Jap-pup-pet government In Manchukuo was summoned to Tokio fo make plans fog raising new levies of native troops to reinforce the Jap army on the Soviet border. Apparently Japan has no reserves to send fo Manchukuo, so she is taking a leaf from the Nazis and proposes to use vassal manpower for military operations. 2. Berlin has been putting flic heaviest pressure on the Japs to attack Russia. The recent mysterious return to Tokio of the Jap Ambassador to Germany is credited with being connected with this matter. Note: U. S. radio monitors report that Jap broadcasts of the Russian statement bluntly warning Japan against attacking the Soviets made no reference to the caustic denunciation of “babbling Fascist warlords.” The Jap bioadcasters carefully withheld from their listcneis any hint of these blasts at Jap military rulers. (Sec MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Book Exchange Sets Dates For Receiving, Selling Student Texts student Book Exchange, a non profit organization run by students for the benefit of the student body will be open in the south ballroom of the Union to receive books beginning May 2. Selling of books will begin on May 6 and a|l books must be settled for by May 15 when the book exchange closes. Sceburger Heads Board of Control
Kuebler To Address Religious Convention Tomorrow, Thursday Prof. Clark Kuebler, of the Ro-
Robert S e e b u r g e r, activities chairman of the Student Union, will act as chairman of the board of control governing the sale of books. Also oh the board is Harry Hudson, secretary; John Osborne, book re-, cciving manager; Dorothy Weber, book selling manager; Mary K. Gee, personnel manager; Dorothy Canfield, records manager; and Jim Reeves, equipment manager.
Assistants to the officers will con- ii^ance Language department of
fejst of Gene Katterjohn, Ruth Frier, Betty Hutchins, Marian Sicgler, Will Hiller, and Dale Kiestcr. ASCAP Educational Director Lectures. On Censorship Speaking before almost 76 radio students and other intei’ested University members, Pi of. S. Stephenson Smith, formerly of Oregon University, and now educational director for ASCAP, discussed censorship on stage, radio, and screen in the WBAA audience studios m the Music Hall yesterday afternoon. Points Out Good And Bad Directing his attention to the steady flow of pi’opaganda now being presented to the public. Prof Smith pointed out the good and bad features about censoring such material. “Moral, political, and racial censorship plays a large part m today’s entertainment mediums,” the speaker cited, “but stage productions fall far behind radio and screen in ccnsoiship.” HoJIywood, Broadway Ease Up “Hollywood, as well as Broadway, has cased up on producing of AntiNazi shows,” stated the educator, and wc'iit on to demonstrate several recordings which had boon banned fioni radio use by FCC censorship. Prof. .Smith portrayed the history of censorship up to the present crisis, and its importance in the welfare of the nation. The speaker was a former Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University, and also an Associated Pi ess correspondent in Spam and Gcimany. Menger Will Speak At AASW Meeting Dr. Karl Mcnger, head of the mathematics department at the University of Notre Dame, will be the guest speaker at the open meeting of the American Association of Scientific Workers to be held in room 103 of the Physics building Thursday evening, April 23, at 7:30 p. m. Mcngei will discuss “Modern Trends in Mathematics.” The meeting is open to all those who are interested in mathematics.
Northwestern University, will give the principal address at the Diocesan Dinner at the annual convention of the Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis. The convention is to
Engineers’ Honoraries To Hold Dinner Tonight Sponsored by the engineering societies of the University, the All-Engineering banquet will be held tonight at 6 in the South Ballroom of the Union. The honoraries participating are Tau Beta Pi, all engineering; Eta Kap^a Nu, electrical engineering ; Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering; Chi Epsilon, civil engineering; and Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemistry.
Feeling the need for a reduction in the expenses for ban- . „ » i. i i. quets, these societies decided to introduce their initiates at a ® our years e as een joint banquet rather than at enrolled m the University and
has been manager of the Glee Club during the last year.
Martha Lipton Attends
Martha Lipton, convocation artist, and Vassie Darnell, West Lafayette vocal teacher, fonnerly of the Chicago Opera, were honored guests of the banquet held in honor of the University Choir, the Concert Choir, the University Orchestra and the Glee Club. Miss Lipton was made the second honorary member of the organization, John Carter of the Metropolitan Opera being the
first.
The new officers of the organizations were announced as follows:
Buffington, manager of
usic Award
Elect Buffington, Frier, Friend, Mingle To Head Four Musical Organizations
Marvin Smith, Sc. ’42, was announced winner of the musical award Sunday night at the Musical Organizations’ banquet held in Lincoln Lodge. The award is presented each year to “the graduate having contributed most to musical activities
during his college career.”
Besides many appearances before varied groups in solo performances, Smith has sung in the Glee Club, the Concert (]lhoir and the University Choir dur- - —
separate banquets as has been the custom in past years. Helps Student-Faculty Relations This plan has been instituted to help further the good relations among the various honoraries and their schools. This has been the primal y purpose of the All-Engineer-
ing banquet.
Dr. W. A. Hanley, director of engineciing at the Eli Lilly Company of Indianapolis;'will be the principal speaker of the evening. Dr. Hanley IS past piesident of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
and at the present time is a member Special unit courses in home ecoof the Board of Trustees of the Uni- nomics will be offered this summer versity. for women who would ordinarily Richard
Distinguished Students Invited attend summer session. Each course University Choir; Don Frier, raanAll distinguished engineei’ing blu- -will be three weeks in length, and ager of University Orchestra; Kendents of the past semester are in- only one course can be carried at a neth Roquemore, concertmaster of
Home Ec
Will Offer
Unit Plan Three-Week Courses To Begin June 15
Marvin Smith
vitod to the banquqt as well as the time.
members of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary society, and all faculty members of the cnginceiing honoi-
arics.
Tickets for the banquet aic on sale in the engineering school offices
Clark Kuebler
inert at St. John’s (fiiureh in J.afayette, tomoirow and Thuisday. The dinner will be at (3:30 p. m. in the north halh’oom of the Union. President Elliott will give the welcoming
address.
Bishop Kii ehlioffer will give his eonvcntion address at 8 p. m. There will lie no chaigc for this program. Tickets to the diiintr may be purchased at the west desk of the Union for one dollai.
Nine Credit Hours Available The courses will begin on June 16
and will extend to August 16. Three semester hours of graduate credit will be given for each unit. Students
, , ,, . , 1 p .1, TT • ™ay earn a total of nine semester and at the west desk of the Union. , , , . , , rr., ' . or- _ houi’s crcdit or may take only one
three iweeks’ course giving three
hours’ credit as they desire. Courses will be available in home
administration, nutrition, institution management, clothing and textiles, education and applied design.
Lieutenant Johnson Joins ROTC Staff
They cost 86 cents.
Regular PIA Spring Formal wnll be held next Friday from 8:30 to 11:30. The dance will be semiformal, and music will be furnished
by Maury Mahns.
The dance is free to ail PIA members and their dates. The charge for
all otheis will be IjSl.lO.
Theta Xi Holds
District Convention Tlieta Xi held its annual district convention at the University of Illinois Chapter last Saturday and Sunday. Those attending from the < Uqiversitj Chapter were Edward Agni, George W. Busch, John Heater, George Maekley, William Mans-
field arid Arthur Woods.
Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following agriculture students: Robert A. Hatteisly, Richard A. Mack, William A. Skinner, Charles J. Duesler, 'lilghman Ruark, John J. Cassidy, Ralph L. Clymer, and Carl Rodenberg.
The listing in the University three weeks unit course is taken, the calendar last Sunday that the dance fee will be $18.60 for residents and would be a novelty dance was an $24.50 for non-residents; and when
eiioi. It will be semi-formal.
University Orchestra; Ray Friend, manager of Concert Choir; John Mingle, manager of Glee Club; William Rothenberger, publicity chairman; Robert Myers, social chairman; Janeth Dixon, wardrobe mistress; Robert 11. Wilson, treasurer; Alice Coe, activities representative; Carolyn Wood and Betty Wedge,
coed executives.
Al Stewart In Charge
Albert P. Stewart was in charge
of the after-dinner program, which jg fin ^ vacancy resulting jErom
consisted partially of the distribu- -tfig recent transfer of Second Liett-
A completely different program will tion of a “razz” newspaper and the tenant J. A. Hebbeler to Ft. Leonard
be offered each period. Classes will presentation of humorous awards. Wood, Mo.
be taught by Professors Mattson, Approximately 186 persons attend- prior to entering military service Bloye, Gamble, Clark, Landin, and ed. Certificates were awarded to all Lieutenant d^d Mrs. Johnson re-
Howe, Miss Baird and Miss Lewis, graduating members.
Non-Resident and Resident Fees The fee for the nine weeks will be $31 for residents of Indiana and $41 for non-residents. When only one
First Lieutenant Harold N. Johnson, CE ’34, has reported for duty as an instructor in the Military Department. He comes from Ft. Bragg, N. C., where he has been instructing in the Replacement Training Cen-
ter.
His assignment ar the University
Dr. Freed Enlists
In U. Navy
Next Year's Counselors
two unit courses are taken, the fee will be $31.00 for residents and
$41.00 for non-residents.
In addition to the above courses special work will be arranged in consumer education, adult educa-
tion, nutrition and lunchroom man- quarters at Indianapolis on Wednes At the third compulsory meeting ^gement for vocational home eco- day morning.
sided at Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Seniors Must Apply For Marriage Course Starting Next Semester
Seniors desiring to take the mar-
rating of Yoeman, 3rd Class. He has riage course for next semester must gone to Wilkes-Ban-e, Pa., for a fill out their applications including short visit with relatives, but will name, address, telephone number', report for assignment to Navy head- faculty reference, and reason for
wanting to take the course and submit them to H. E. Wilkening.
Dr. Lewis Freed of the department of English has enlisted in the U. S. Navy, and has been given the
for next year
row at 4 Hall, Mrs
counselors tomor- teachers attending the con-
^ , „ Dr. Freed is a graduate of Cornell wakening’s office is in 316 of the p. m. m Stanley Coultei f^i^ence ending June 19. Each teach- University! and holds a degree of Executive building. . Davis G. McCarn, coun- rggjg^gv for two of the four Doctor of Philosophy from that in- course will be held <
exclusive-
solor for women at Northwestern gufijects and will be given one hour stitution. He taught at the Univer- seniors and those fakixtg it Univcr.sity, will speak on tlic coun- credit for each week’s work, pro- sity during the first semester two receive two hours credits The selling system there. vided she pays a fee of $6.60 for the years ago, and returned as instruc- meet once a week from She will tell hojw the Northwest- English at the beginning of '^ = 30 until 9:30.
ern plan foi freshmen counselling Students who arc completing school last September, opeiales and will point out how ol - -(,^05,^3 this summer will register for According to Professor Wykoff, er Univcisity girls can help new com-sgs offered in the regular sum- head of the English department, students, citing specific cases 10m term. Further information Freed is the seventh member of the hci experience in this fie d. about the unit couiscs may be ob- department of English and Speech
tamed in the office of the Home to enter the armed forces in the last
Economics Building. nine months.
Mortar Board Elects Calista Creel President
Musicians Get No Rest
Spotts Will Improve Marching^ Music Of Band During Summer
Lost And Found Will Sell 400
Articles Thursday student Senate will hold its annual “Lost and Found” sale this Thursday and Fiiday, in the West Reception Room of the Union. The sale will be open fiom 8 to 5 both
days
Student Art Guild Sponsors Exhibit Of Original Disney Cartoon Drawings
By Joe Frohman
If you’ve ever wondered how one of those Walt Disney shorts that are
By Willas Vermilion
“You’ie lucky you’re m the band. Why, you don’t even have to drill.” Don’t evei let anyone hand you that line. The boys in the band get moio of the tough marching ■'than the eox’ps evei thought of getting. Spotts Keeps Band Out Till Dark Did you ever heai of the coips mrirching foi four stiaight hours? Never, well not as long as I’ve been here. Not detracting fiom the gloiy of the corps, but I lemember last fall when the band was prepaiing their complicated formations for the football field. Many weie the nights that they marched fiom foui to eight with Spotts Emiiek and his officers tearing theii hair in a frenzy. But, did they get lesults t They sure did! Those were some snappy maneuvers that the pride of Purdue put on the gridiron. Games Just Marks Beginning And after the football season, was
it ovei ? No. The woik was just beginning. ’file laige maiching band was split up into two smaller bands, the Symphonic and Vaisity The Symphonic, Spotts lavoiite, was gloomed for numeious engagements for Univeisity functions and .state affairs; for the Varsity boys it was a different matter. They were the ones who sweated out the notes for each eoips day. They didn’t like that music anymoie than you did, but the controlling faction in the Armoiy wouldn’t peimit anything else. Musicians Sacrifice Dates • That wasn’t all for the Vaisity band. No sir, not by a long shot They weie on call at any time for any function laige or small and were seen many times dining the winter marching thioiigh the campus. Among their many duties came the basketball games. When all of
you had dates, these musicians got all dolled up in their unifoims and watched the ball game fiom the end of the flooi where visibility was zeio and the ceiling was all they could see Band Has Plans For Summer What’s' in store for the band this summet, you ask? Well, Spotts has dreams of the best marching band in the country, so guess what that means. Yup, maieh will come in like ^a lion and slay that way. This yeai’s band will be one of the smartest bands that ever hit the playing field between the halves and will be designed especially to make I U., which stresses marching instead of music, sit up and take notice. We wouldn’t say that the bandsmen lead a tough life but we would say that they put in their share of woik for the Alma Matei and deserve plenty of ciedit.
More than 400 articles aie on sale so enthusiastically leceived by including clothing, pens, locks and Thuisday afternoon convo-goers is slide rules. All articles aie icason- made, youi golden opportunity has ably priced. arrived. The Student Art Guild is Any students who wishes to claim sponsoring an exhibit of drawings alost'articlemustdosobefoieVied- showing the development of a Dis-
nesday, Apiil 22. The articles are ney short.
Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, announces the election of the following officers: president, Calista Cl eel; vice-president, Aliqe Chatfield; secretary, Dorothy Benson ; treasurer, Gail Hennis; Editor, Jane Van Gorkom; and historian,
Ruth Walker.
The eleven coeds tapped for Mortar Board this year were pledged on March 29 and were intiated btt April 12. Following initiation ceremonies a bieakfast was held in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union.
stored in Lost and Found
Senate office.
Reamer Club
. ..independent men’s honoraiy, announces the election of Charles E. Knote, Agiiculture, president; David A. Utley, Mechanical, vicepi esident; David D. Baita, Mechanical, secietary; and Walter L. Leifheit, Electrical, sergeant-at-arms.
Forestry Club
the Show Original Drawings
Town Girls To Hold Meeting Today At 3 Town Girls’ Club will hold a short
uiic- wirtvvuiso uauu muiiiucio ui —o — .... room diiiS oi me unioH. rtani the development department staff of mation of the tremendous amount ^innc which will he held Disney Productions in composing of paintstaking woik that goes into Satuulay, will be discussed
and “Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip” comprise the exhibit. The portion on “Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip” should be of special interest to University students as this shoit was part of a recent Thuisday afternoon movie
convo.
When you find that the slightest movement on the screen—such as the tinning of a head—takes as
The drawings arc the original of much as twenty-five separate draw- business meeting today at 4 p. m. the drawings used by members of >ngs, you begin to get an approxi- room 303 of the Union. Plans for
next
„, _ and
\ the films they illustrate. They foi- fhe making of a shoi t meeting days for the club wiU b«
low the piogrcssive stages of de- Since only the pnniaiy colois, decided.
velopment up to the final stage for led, yellow and blue aie available. All coeds who aie residents of filming. such eolois as brown or purple are Lafayette and West Lafayette Eveiy scene is sub-divided into made by blending the eoriect pri- those who live in boarding' houses its mtcgial parts, each part being mary colois upon each other while with less than three girls, and tkose
diawn separately and then piinted punting the part to be so colored, on celluloid and colored. The inch- The exhibit, loaned to Guild by vidual parts are then superimposed Walt Disney Productions, will eniipon one another to form the “eel,” joy a two-week run in the West Rcor finished scene. The successive coption Room of the Union. And
. ; . announces the election of the scenes are then reprinted as a unit mister—miss, too—if ever a worthfollowing officers for the summer to form the completed jilm. while exhibit hit this Univeisity, and fall terms: James Abernathy, Include Famous Scenes this is it, so if you know what’s good piesident; Charles Corpening, sec- Illustrations from “Snow White,” for you you’ll hie yourself over to 1 etary-treasurer. “Fantasia,” “Pinocchio,” “Timber” the exhibit as soon as possible.
who commute are automatically membeis of the club and ase urgwt
to attend the meeting.
Exponent Coeds
Meeting of all coeds this after* noon at 4 to plan for coed editioit on Wednesday. —CHATFI^litf
■:4y-'i
si'
/
Yj^
'■^/ ?■ '
Exponent Editorial And Feature Page
Tuesday, April 21, 1942
Purdue Exponent All-American 1940-M1 Offices Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 SiKitts, Ficidhousc, Phone Z792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
BdiWr-jn-Clilef Ktilcs Mitor HkliBicinit lidilnr msincRs Manager ’Circulation Manager Coed Editor
Tohn F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong William D Millard Ken K Gjcmrc Alice Chatndd
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Stair K H mi kit D V But? W G Hoskins A P Hunter 1) \t O li Itrtc V. L Rafcrt SdOrts Stelt D L Br Mr I b D « oi L L Karpick K "W Knegcr OiM SUIT Sally Beall Clnrl tie Hass Jean Laucr Dons Pickcnnt 4 , Business Staff Coed BnsJticsfe Manager Julia Marlin Advertising Managers J M Wrii^ht D L Johnson Circulation Manager C H Klouman Actwmts Manager Trena rorrcii(.a Janior Coed Managers Elkn Clark J ino Keim Staff For This Issue Might Editor Hoskins Sports Editor Ilresicr Day Editor Lauer Issue Editor Frohman Reporters Beall Alth rr Ti rntj Ciylor Hass Vtrrnilion Thompson Frtjrian Boswinkle
Rntored as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at th* special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by car ner for f3 50 per year mail subscriptions 54 00 Rcpresenlcd for national advertising by National Advertising Service Int College Publishers Representatives 42( MadiMn Ave New Tock N V
Boners
Purdue^s Veteran Teachers
Seveial majoi changes in the Purdue fac- Vaiious titles m;ftght be given this editorial, ultv have been announced by the Umveisity’s such as “The Trials of an English Reader,” boaid of tiustees They affect piofessors who a “Histoiy of Errois,” or an “Outline of Mis-
ha\e lendeied long and able service in then infoimation ”
various specialties, each one contributing to But the title does not leally matter Let rt the education of young men skilled as engi- suffice to say that the following is a rathei inireers, chemists and agriculturists complete but interesting list ot various boneis These changes were made necessaiy by the pulled by students m English classes duiing
fact that the educatois had leached the auto- the past few yeais
matic retirement age of 70 years Thrs rule “Out of the mouths of babes ” goes the always seems advisable m principle and le- saying, but these were not out ol the mouths grettable when rts operatrorr removes a re- of babes they were out ol the pens of college spected and proficient teachei who is still students m English Laugh, if jmu will, but alert and vigorous The group leaving the uni- laugh only with the knowledge that one
9kelK&SllM10H MEiunr-QO-ROUMD
(Continued fiom page 1)
Normandie Report
“A martyr is something like a bachelor ” “Strategy is when you don’t let the enemy know that you are out of ammunition but
keep on firing ”
But definitions were not the only “hutches ” Here are some others* “Humor was then introduced into the English diama—for example, a wife wringing her
husband’s neck ”
“In the middle ages there were the Merchant and Graft Guilds ” “Then my mother gave my brother a spanking because he was wicked in the seat
of his pants ”
Today On WBAA
9 45 News 10 00 “English Histoiy ’ with Pioi V L Albjcig 10 55 Nows 11 00 Morning Matinee 11 15 Jane Hamilton—pianr,t 11 30 Memory Lane
\ersity laboiatones includes M L Fisher, more of these may be taken from that paper ^knew it was no use arguing with Father, so 12 30 Meet the Band
.:k
11 50 Purdue News
“Wo caught one snake, and we wanted to n 55 News keep him, but my fathei said to kill him We 12 00 Agricultural Forum
dean ot men, R G Dukes, dean of the giad- you wiote foi English 1-A vthen you wcie a uate school, T A Coleman, associate director freshman Definitions pioduccd the most ei-
of agiicultuial extension. Prof G A Young, rois For instance
former head of the school of mechanreal en- “Chrvalry rs the attitude ot a man towards
gineeiing, Pfof George W Munro, professor a strange woman ”
“An epicure is a poet who writes epics ”
“Ibid was a famous Latin poet ”
of mechanical engineering, and Prof A N Topping of the electrical engineering school The state appreciates the service these men
have rendered
It may be that the educational world again will require the skill and experience of these men and others who ordinarily would be slated for retirement No one knows how long the var will last Doctors who have retired are being urged to resume active practice, releasing youngei men for the armed forces A similai dram on youngei educators may require the return to classrooms and- laborator-
ies of professors who are mentally and phy- Union partv ovei at Lambs
tea loom the other eve Dick Woil
we took him out back of the barn, held him down with a forked stick, and skinned him ” Whether any one of these errors is yours, you’ll doubtlessly recognize some of them We’ll never forget the one that said, “A newspaper is the mouth organ of the people”
—Daily Trojan
The Ratio-^
3.03
fo 1
Porsonnel Notes Members Attend
AXP Anniversary
''ically sound after passing the 70 year mark It IS certain that these men will assume glad]y any posts wheie then talents may be utilized —Indianapolis Star
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO \ISIT CAMPUS — Roots Connersvillo Blower Cor-po-ation, Connersvlilt Ind , April
21
U S Rubber Co Mifahcitv rka, In
ilivna April 22
Bell Aircraft Corporation, Buf frlo, N Y April 23 rml 24 RC \ Mfg Co Camden N J —
running a combined bucket brigade Junior and Gi<^duato Llcctiical and and mebsengti sen ice between the Mechanical En ineeis for summer bar and tables with tic at half mast employment Sign in Peisomrcl Of
o ® ©
Here arc a lew' inciacnts iclitivc
In its report on the Normandi^ fire the House Nav al Affairs Committee sharply ccnsuied the Navy for negligence However, the report -would have been much hotter it two membeis of the subcommittee which drafted it had had then w iv Isolationist Representatives Mell Maas of Mmnc sota and Jame*! M Mott ot Oie„on did then utmost to pin the chief bl ime foi the conflagi ition on Presi dent Roosevelt Fmthei Repii scutative Patiicl Diewiy of Viiginir Old Guild Democratic chaiimaii of the subcommittee almost let them get iw ly with it The man who blocked the politic il scheme was Rep resentative Ed Hac ot Calitoinii deeoiated Woild M^ai Navj heio Befoie the lepoit w is finallv agieed on a meeting ot the subecmmittce almost broke up in a not when Izae and Maas exchanged violent vei bal punches During the investigation it was biought out that orders had been issued foi the Normandie to sail Feb 14 with troops for an unannounced destination Conversion of the vessel was to be rushed to completion bj this date On Feb 6 Admiral Haiold R Stark (hen chief of Naval Operations cancelled the older when informed that the Normandie would not be 1 eadj 1 he next daj, however he telcgiaphbd that the vessel must sail on the 11th Maas and Mott contended that Stark acted under orders from the President—although Stark did not confirm this when he testified—and that therefore the President was chiefly responsible for the fire because in the rush proper precau lions couldn’t be taken to prev ent accidents • Committee Battle Tlic two isolationists at fiist demanded that the committee place the blame diiectly on the Piesident but when Izae hotI\ objected thev pioposed an indi rect blast at ‘ sv\ivel chan stiategists Maas fie quently used this teim during closed dooi healings and he made it bluntlj cleai that he meant the Pres idejit Dicvvi\ lai'-ed no obiectioiis md the lepoit with this vvoidmg w is ibout to be ippioved when Lac in tei rupted “Everyone 111 the eountiy will think we mean the Piesident, ard that is what > ou want people to think he blazed at Maas ‘ Theie s no evidence to show that the President was in aiij waj to bl ime foi the file Tou’re playing cheap polit cs and tiymg to undei mint public faith in oui Commandei in Chief You 11 nevei win the wai that waj “We’re not winning it this wav, eithei,’ baiked back Maas ‘Thties too much inteileienee with the Aimy and the Navy “You and youi kind give me a pam 111 my neck letoited Izae “Von hate the Piesident and that s the leason you aie trying to lasten the blame toi all mistakes on him I m getting good and fed up with youi tactics “I'm getting fed up with jou too shouted Maas “You think you le a gicat authoiitv on this vvai be cause you weie a naval otticei 111 the last one But 5 ou don t know so much “You don t know so much cithci ictoitcd Izae who won the Congiessional Medal of Honoi 111 1918 foi extiaoidinaij hcioism At this point othei committee mtmbcis intcivencd and the tuiious cxthkiige ended But Izie won his point fhe icfeienecs he objected to were stiiekeii fi om the 1 cpoi t, • Republican Squirrel Mhite House squirrels never pass up a meal ■•o thej came scampeiing from cverv coiner ot the spacious grounds last Sunda> afternoon V hen a uniformed guard emerged from (he W hite House kitchen with peanuts and other edibles Its gieat fun ii marked flu guard to a joung man watching the show thiough the tall ^ron fence suirounding the giounds The little rascals never seem to get enough to eat I would sav that is literallv true in the ease of one of them replied the speetitor N\ hat s V'rong witJi that little lellow ovei there—the thin, seared one”' He seems to be neglected ^11 the others are lat and luallhv looking' ’ *Vtell mavbe 1 shouldn t tell v ou this said th* guard, with a stia ihl ^ hut the (ruth is w* don’t feed biiu He s a Republican Tbe vounv man walked oft grinning M hat the jpidiUg g««wd didn’t know w as he had been talk IIUI to Wesley Powell, assistant to Republiean ^’Senator St>les Bridges of New Hampshire {Copviigbt 1942 by Lniti d I eatuie Sv ndii it( lit)
...Ik Shipping Post.. Editoi s Note Me have felt for some time that man} ot the letteis that come to the editor aie actuallv editoiials and as such deserve editorial tieatment For that reason we are reopening this column which was run several }ears ago For it we welcome eontnbutions from students, facult} and othei leaders who feel moved to express them selves in more than a lettei The tiuth IS dawning on many minds that it Amei ici Biitain Russia ind Chin i do not hang togethei thev may hang sepaiately Also that theie is no pi of it now in lemindmg those who letusdd to see what was coming that they ue in a laigt pait lespoiisible toi this st ite of aft Ills Nmeiica is winning the bittle ot pioduetioii but i soit of ps}ihological jjead lock or frustration’ weights heavily on oui people Thej see both laboi iiid business balking at concessions They ue now seeing that saeiifices ue unequal Ametiea is still in tlie midst ol i soei il levolufKii which was not end ed h} the tiagedv of Peail Ilaiboi O11I5 leeently we saw i violent attempt to stall i mighty ciusadc to eiaekdown in laboi A viitiiil toinulo ot lelegiams ind Ictteis swamped oui na tioiial eapitol Oui woiiicd cen„ essmeii weie piessed to do something it onte oi lose then )obs it the next election Oui giiss loots iieis weic skilltully needled by oiganize 1 anti laboi gioupo and the le suK w IS thousands oi uigent messages to Mashing ton by uatc faimcis and bu mess men N ituially la boi fought bad and denuneiations wcie soon flying in eveiy diioetion Axis igents and admini«tiation enemies chccicd fiom the side lines Finally calm thinking prevailed and icasonable adjustments foi lowed It IS indeed aluminf that we Ameiicans can be so easily peisuaded to blame and attack 0111 fellow woikeis with such violence Vietoiy depends on the whole people A divided Fi nice was an easy victim toi Ilitlei The big issue of this w ii i eleuly tiee dom 01 slaveiy Amtiiea must fiiicl a new sjniit oi sieiifiee Oiu spiritual fioiit must be stieiigthened M'e must be lieve in oui selves oui follow vvoikeis oui hadeis and the futuie oi oui nation M c must believe tint we can w 111 this vv 11 and the peace which lollovvs —Di Haiold 1 Risk
stogie dangling tiom one coinei ot his mouth ind living to balance five Ol SIX chuiipagne glasses at ore time leannette Haynes thoi oughly eiijoving heisell it hoi own expense Joe Starek and H il Knight looking the place ovei cue tullv (a good peicontaj e of then time will undoubtedly le mt to said establishment now that they don t have to play stooge to V illey any moie) last lilt not least Bill Hepbmn out ioi his la t fling it Puidue hie He left toi C inada the next d ly altei hiving complete his Lniveisity woik ihead ot time Good luck Hep See you it Home comings The Sig I ps 11 no\ ted i 1 i in 1 ot pin sLienadf' the othe nj^ht th t w IS I c illy smooth The pin man was in tills—-the gul in i loimal and the singing was dpiie by eaiidk light As i fittin„ dimIX i pho phoie cei t pm wi pi lee 1 ly tic fellow on Ins gal Jim M olf see ns to h ni iitunic 1 to the 1 ml s ol the bac eloi bovs ag nil Ihoight Roby Robinson and he we e d ii i O K bi eh i life aiound heie
flee by SituicUv Apiil 24 Ritter Go Ine Roehestei N N MI FE Chi Sign in Peisonnel Othce by Thuisdiy Apiil 2o
Theta Xi
social il iteinity anno inces the pledging ot the folloyvmg men Robeit S Sti iith Ciosse Point Michigan John M Cahill Rivea Foiesl 111 nois md How aid R Scnmidt Ln-,lewocd New Jeisev
iboL I t' L coed houis loi this sum mei Common sense md a little thn '■111 on the mittei shoukl die I ite 1 itei houi ltd get soit oi II 11 it nous to pend all the lime (11 ( ite in the diy light ( or LL C nON it w n Dick Vcl —no Jim Velini —wh his i on Sallv Murf.,! Ihis was ei h lep ill i in this eoliimii leetiiLly Apologies to those con eeineel Wh e on t those Phi Dells (,iiu pledging so m ny Ae'iinscs ’
Contiollei R B Steavait Assist ant Contiollei W A Bodelcn and Di Paul Schmiedicke ot the Stu dent Health Seivice attended the tvyentieth annivcisaiv celebiation ol the Wiseon in Univeisity chap tei ot Alpha Chi Rho fi iteiniLv at Manison Misconsm list Satuielay md bun lay bteavuL is iiitioiail pio Kent ot the' oiVeU ization md B id len is ec’itoi o'" the fi ateiiiity m IP i lu All thie yyv,ie iiiemb-is of tie Ml eonsm ehaptei Freberg/ Kemier Write Foi ASME Publication A^MF T uw^cution loi this m nth e 111 urs an aitiele on Cal eiii iti n oi Cl itie il Ste am ol an Oil M ell Pumping Sv'tem by Mi C P Iiebeig and Di L N Ken lei ol the Mtchmical Engineuing Se 1 (1
12 55 News
1 00 Patents’ Foium 1 15 The Histoiy of Lafayette
1 45 Maikets
1 55 Neyvs
t 00 Stoiy a Day 2 15 Lest We Foi get 2 46 Tieasuie Chest
2 56 News 00 BIusic
15 Afternoon Melodies 30 Musical Round Up
55 News
00 Tea Time Tunes 15 Heaid in the Halhv ly 4 30 Meet Youi Navy 4 45 The Cuiio Mm 4 50 Music
4 66 News
5 00 Just R^lax 5 16 Employment Seivice 5 30 Vespeis 5 15 Little Miss MulFetl
5 55 News
00 Diiinei IIoui 1 Spoil Pevityv to the Migie Cupet
So Ney s
ob Religious Di am i 7 oO C iioLy 1 Woed mgci 7 45 Music
7 5) 'V e\y s
8 00 Piogie s oi Puidue 8 0 Mu e 8 45 Eveiiti e I choc
8 56 News
•9 00 Mu'-! ma
9 5) Neyvs
to 05 Oft the All
Dick Brand
ME 4 will talk on poi ti utuie I the last lectuie in the photogi iphy eoui se which is beiig sponsoic 1 by tli C imci i Clul to night at 7 30 p m in loom 212 d the Union Bi md is i mcmlti (t the Camel a Club
We ve
hea iia.
The Bottle leek
CORK BECOMES MELANCHOIA AS GRASS DISAPPEARS The Coil is vastly distuibed We look ovei the c mipus as we tiud.,e to oui classes and see eveiy oa\ iiaoie baie spots ippeuing maoiig the evei de eieisnig teiulei gieeii bl ides llie gi iss in ni my pi ices IS looking moie woin than many ot the oichids which fust appeiied at the Piom Eiiday night md met hiyi been appealing daily in the hm ot num eious gills But the ippe ii nice ot the I iic sjiots un like the oichids males the Coal sad • • Oui cmPtion wc suppose is puiely selfish Mei( one who is goin to liive to live heie all siimmei nd altii the gi iss is gone md the hot July winds blow ovei the baiitn sands that once* w is the Pin lue cmipus we li lie to think of the sand sliields md the goggles th it we will have to he wtiiin.^ as we li.,ht OUI w ly ovei the diilting soil to oui classes • ® Ot couise tht new com ition will i ot b( m iinniixtd had Some s|)\ will lelav news ol the sad state ot at 1 ills to the Land ot the Rising Scum md the J ips will immediateh lay down aims bein„ in ten ol toiKjueiing the cruntiy md hiving to tike tin Pui floe mipus w ith it • —• theie IS I slight eh mce th it nothing so diaslie will tako ))laee 1 xeept loi dozing in the glass be t\ cdi el isses guvs slioufll keep off the stuff il we V ’i to 1 eep the it 11 1 til 111 i ( oven d Fins m ms i n ti tly off No euttin„ leioss between the sidew ill md till eui b its pist a tew moi e bendings ol tin instep to go to a uossmg No stampediiag aeioss tht till! in a mad attempt to get to youi coke date ;(hey le stivmg winccolas anyway And no plowing it up w itli tiaetoi s like thi M i athei s did in the Gi ipes Ot w< don t mod yiitoiy giidens that bid
Drink ice-cold Coca-Cola. Taste its delicious goodness. Enjoy the happy after-sense of refreshment it brings. By |ust this experience of complete refreshment, millions have come to welcomethe quality of Coca-Cola—-the quality of t^ real thing. BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO Gth and Salem Lafayette Indiana
You trust Its quetHty
Write /ot chart picturing IS beautiful styles. It describes advantages o MARVELOUS PATENTED FILTEi >Fm Deiimth & Co , Inc ,NYC■■
f
\ r " ^ ^4.*-.- «V*' ^!? t*- " f ^ > "* ^
t?
s» i > %. ' ^ ermdker Sports
tW^
British Racquet Stars Play for Tennis Fans
today, prOsented exhibition matches on the clay courts » Oppose Each Other Facing each other in a fea-
It’s an all star performance from start to finish From the time your clothes reach us till the time you get them, tey receive the care and quality of work that only the tops m cleaners can give Attired in immaculately clean and pressed clothes, you’ll be given 4 stars by admirers
Northwestern at Vme
Phone 4081
Mark it up
CAFETERIA FOR FINE FOOD
There are a lot of reasons why peo-
ple like to eat at the ''Cafeteria”.
But generally speaking they like it
because they are sure of good food,
pleasant surroundings and the kind
of service that makes eating here a
pleasure. JhsL fiWvdjAJL THmuAmL lAidofL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Approximately 400 townspeople, faculty members, and University students witnessed the first in a series of Hoosier tennis clinics in the Fieldhouse last night as Charles E Hare, member of the 1937 British Davis Cup Team, and Mary Hardwick, former English Wightman Cup star, and one of the lead-
ing women tennis specialists
Gqphers Enter V-7 Miunesota’s giid piospectb a^e again looming with othei We&tein Confeience institutions woilying ovei the diaft situation, the Golden Gophers aie steadily pouiing their vaisity gjiddeis into the navy’s V 7, and with that set up, they will be dtferied until they graduate
track Men EHtif Drake At Des Moines Friday, Saturcby
Boilermaker tennis
bree’s team
Prior to the demonstiation a special sound motion picture, “Fundamentals of Tennis,”
Garnaa^ Has Draft Worries Bill Gainaas, stai quaiteiback of last yeai, is the only one who might be called sooft, but Beinie Nelson, hefty center on the 1941 cham* pionshiy squad, has been switched to first string quarterback spot and Gainaas moved over to left half, still calling signals
Diamond Squad Prepares for Extensive Baseball Campaign in North This Week
tpre match, the two famous featuring Don Budge, internatennis stars battled before the tionally known tennis star, racquet fans. Hare winning was shown from Miss Hardwick, 6-3 Lat- Other clinics in the state er the visiting performers will be held at Kokomo today, / teamed together m doubles Ball State, tomorrow, DePauw, competition against Capt Ray Thursday, Indiana State, FriLucht and Gus Armstrong, day, and Indiana University, veterans on Coach Larry La- Saturday
Drake Relays Ready with the annual Diake Relays but foui days away, the Big Ten cinder squads are preparing Illinois, far ahead with a total of 34 in dividual 1 plays victories, topp the field, and bears its recpnt victory marking over Iowa, Purdue, and Northwestern Michigan’s track squad will be making its initial appearance of the outdoor season at the Relays, with dual meets with Illmois and Ohio State scheduled befoie the Western Conference outdoor championships are held
Coach Dutch Fehrmg’s Riveter baseball squad will faults toughest weekend schedule of the current season, witl/three games, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday Utilizing a IG-man traveling squad the Boilermaker diamond mentoy will start his northern road trip with a return __________________________ engag^^ment with Notre Dame’s
nine, Thursday afternoon in South
Runners Work Oiit On Stediurh Ovd
Martiixeau Leaves Michigan and speaking of Michigan Earl Martineau, backfield coach at Pur due for three yeais, 1929 1932, and backfield coach at Michigan foi the past foul yeais, will soon lepoit foi active duty with the Marines, in which he attained the ranking of fiist lieutenant in the last wai
Tennis Team Opposes Ball
State
Worked With Crisler Michigan, Princeton and Puidue all aie represented in the all stai backfield picked by Bail Maitineau fiom the men he has coached since he was graduated from Minnesota 18 years ago Maitineau woiked with Piitz Ciislei at Piinceton from 1932 until the time both signed with the Wolverines and according to Ciislei ‘theie’s not better back field coach today ’
Bend Friday and Saturday the Gold and Black team will be in Ann Arbor, Mich , playing a two game
senes with Michigan Iowa Drops Irish
Notre Dame’s line-up will be
I practically the same as that which ■ wUciy defeated the Boilei makets 12-3 on
the local diamond, in Pehrmg’s sea-
,, , son’s curtain laiser The Irish, re T cently scrubbed by an alert Iowa
squad in both games of a two-game
Five Boilermaker tennis aces will
with Coach Larry LaBiee for the first outdoor meet of the season, against Ball State’s racquet team
Hope For Repeat Win
Hoping tp repeat their last year’s 7 0 whrtewash of the Teachers the
series at South Bend, have been attempting to strengthen then squad for the Thursday contest The Havkeyes’ campaign against the South Bend nine was made entirely
Boilermaker Named In picking a backfield from the men he has coached Maitineau placed Bob Westfall captain of Michigan s 1941 eleven at fullback, Tom Harmon of Michigan and Pest Welch of Pin due at halfbacks, and said theie was no choice between George GeithamLcaptain of next fall’s Wolverine team and John Kadlic, of Princeton, for quarterback ^ .
Black-Outs Force Slowdown and from out in California com the moanings of U C L A athletic department members who have been hampered by recent west coast blackouts even the Daily Bruin, campus publication, has suffered from lack of complete sports coverage Crew Coach Ben Wallis, who has been working the Uclan lowers out at night recently in the indooi tank has been forced to go boating in the moonlight what theie is of it DEB
Faculty Bowling
fcnfrhsh „ Animal H su
AKroiiomy Mecl Eftr
April 13 17
High Team Sets
MunKcr List y Wyl IT llctr
Hnrh Ind Sets
2643 2002 2585 2j 0
bOo 603 686
Phnimacy Enphbh Anim I Hubb
Daily
High Team Games
Bi* wn W Fawbush
I isKey
R bcrlsoi
High Ind Games
H
063 <122 913 90b
2J7 226 22b
LEAGUE STANDING
Agr Extension Agr Chem 3 Fn h K Animal Husb Civil Enj r Daio 1 Phv ICb Mich Lni,i Al-r Cup StRft -CT,
Won
59
Lo t 28 1 34 35 36
K.J8
Dairy 2 Foristry Executive Hort 1 Poultry Agronomj Gen Engr Pharmacy Hort 2 Agr Chem 2 Chem 1 Speech Farm Mgt G II Stores Agr Engr Chemistry 2 Agi Chem 1 Recitation Elec Engl 1 Flee Engl „ Chem Engr Biology Highway Res High Tilim Set to Date Agr Exp Sta Agr Ext Physics An Hush High Team G mes to Dat Gen Stores R cit ition I Uc F gr Civil El gr High W cldj In 1 Gam ^i^pivn W H
Gold and Black tennis men aie pre- with second string pitcheis paring to face tough competition With the contest at Ann Arbor Fii on the Muncie courts Ball State’s day slated as the first conference revamped squad potential in that game for the Wolverines, Coach its last year’s top man has Ibeen Ray Fisher has been shifting his pushed to thud place, expects to infieldeis to obtain added hitting avenge the 1941 defeat power for the Big Ten title defense Bob Caimiichael, last year num- The Conference champs, holding a her one player with Ball State record of two wins and a loss in Teacheis, gave way to Peteison, non confeience games so far this another veteran, for pole position, season, expect to begin their vicand Ed Gilpen, who also played tory campaign with an mitral win against the Boilermakers, will oc over the Fehiing cpached squad, cupy fourth Bernstein and Sample, The Boilermaker mentor will both newcomers will hold second probably use all right handed batand fifth berths respectively teis against Mickey Fishman, a Lucht Heads Lineup southpaw Bob Riley may take first Coach Larry LaBiee will rely in place of Burghardt, and Carson upon the services of the same five may replace Hipp at right field which opened against Butler in the Both Hipp and Burghardt are left Indianapolis Fieldhouse with a 5 2 handed hitters victory Capt Ray Lucht, Gus Arm- To date, the Riveter average in strong Dick Stettnei Ed Wells the Big Ten pennant race stands at
and Walter Dudzinsky will play singles matches in that older, and probably Lucht and Wells will face Ball State s number one doubles combination of Peteison and Car michael
one won, and one lost
IM Schedules
2676 26 0 2634 625
H Kh Wcikly Ind bits to Date Stick y Mum,er Clarl W L Sitncer Liskey Hen 111 on Miller E P Hii,h Weeklj Ind Games to Date Stuckey deBej Clark W L Bro vn W H Knoll Munuer L hker
66" fll 611 607 60? 600 bOO
The following teams will play baseball Tuesday evening at 4 00 1 Delta Chi vs Phi Kappa Psi 2 Theta Tau vs Phi Kappa Sigma 3 Triangle vs Beta Sigma Psi 4 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Tau Epsilon Phi 5 Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Mu 6 Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Pi 7 Delta Chi vs Delta Upsilon 8 Ward 23 vs Ward 27 9 Ward 5 vs Ward 21 10 Ward 36 vs Ward 32
NOTICE TO FRESHMEN
Some Summer Session Short Courses From May 4th until June 27th
Courses:— Mathematics 2 Chemistry 1 Engineering Drawing 12 English 31 Applied Mechanics 21
TUITION $31.00
For further information inquire of B. Knight Director Summer Session; W. F. Knapp, Asst. Dean of Engr-; C. E. Dommon, Director of Admissions
By Jim Ackerman With the Drake Relays as the outstanding event on the track card for this week,,the Boilermaker runners worked on the Stadium ovj|l kst ht to condition for the miet. The Drake Relays, wmch are held every year at Des Moines, attrack from 35 to 40 of the best track te^s in the country. This year they will be held Fnday and Saturday of this week The Riveters will probably ^nter three different relay combm^ons in the Relays In addition to the regulai distance medley apd mile reify, which the track men expect to enter, the Riveters have been invited to compete in a special aptint medley The sprint medley wirf^he composed of one quarter mile run, two 220’s and one 880 Six Teams In Special Event With ovei thirty teams expected to enter the Relays, only six will be invited to enter the special relay Besides the Riveters, Michigan, Michigan State, and Texas have been asked to enter teams in the special event, while a few other teams may be invited also The one mile relay team of the Boileiraakeis will be compo^d Captain Buit Anthony, George Aichei, Bill Bancker and John Arnold The distance zelay, which is lun off in sections of a half a mile, a quaitei, thiee-quarters, and a mile will be made up of men wha show the best ability tonight and last night in their time trials Sprint Relay Team Named The special sprint relay will be 1 un by Anthony m the 440, Ranekei, William Gaulke oi Bob Kqim, in the 220 s two of whom will be chosen and A1 Jentsch, m the 880. Theie is a possibility, accordmg to Coach Phillips, that Clarence Kron may lun the huidles for the Boilgrmakeis in the lelays Kron made a veiy good exhibition of himself m the quadiangulai meet at Hlinois last Satuiday As fai as Philhpsi knows now, only the three relay teams and Kion will make the trip to Des Moines Thuibday Qualifying laces for the mile relay will be held Friday, while the special lelay will be lun off Sptw daj. Last yeai the Riveters finished thud in the distance mile relay, but did not place in anything else Quadrangular Meet Here Soon Though the tiacK team will be away from home this week again, the following week there will be one of the best quadrangular meets in the countiy here in the Stadium the weekend of May 2 At that time, the Riveteis, the Wildcats from Northwestern, the Gophers from Minnesota and the Hawkeyes from Iowa will take pait m a quadrangulai meet Many confeience champions and many possible conference dmmplons will be seen in action at ftat time Lee Farmer who stattpd against the Boilermaker? last week, will again be in action against the track men Faimei runs the 220, 100 and broad jumps Pole Vault er Entered Othei possible champions to be piesent aie Defeld of Muuiesofa. who last week threw the discus 158 feet against Kansas, and many othei tiack men
Golf Results
Northwestern’s golf team <mpped individual honors in yesterday’? tennis match with Coach Harry \llspaw s Boilermaker bnks team to defeat the Gold and Black. 14^2 to S'/z on the West Lafajette Conntrv Club course The Wildcats I6d the hosts 8-1 m morning matches, but the Boilermakers nqn three out of five in afternoon match play to close the gap. Singles matches—Staltz (NW> defeated Kraft (P), 3-0, Haskell (NW) defeated Ktupp (P), 3,-0; Schutt (P) defeated Abrahams (NW) 2*2 D, Dahl (P) defeated dela Torre (NW) 2b-^2. McDaniels (P) defeated Greer CNW) '/, and Stoltz (NW) defeated Dittnier (P) 3 0 Doubles competition—(kppr||||||| dela lorre (NW) defea^iidi. and Schutt (F) ; Haskett Abrahams (NW) defeated Krtklt
m
'•SiWPlP?r&'.V^r-n .-ss
i3f^
-iftl?
__ ' — ■•^■■~ ''^’ Pl$rdue Exponent Tuesday, April 21, 19421 ,
«L'«i
Universitj Calendar
Tuesday, April 21
Notices
Union VicC'PrOsidcntH: Thorc will bo n POnipulHory Bburd MectinB loclav nt 7 pm. in the Union office. - DEUSTER
4:00 P.M.
4:00 P.M. 4;$0 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M.
-Committee on Stati* of Univeisity -Purdue Player’s Picnic -Sigma Pi Sxgmn Meeting -Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting -Sigma Pi Sigma Banquet
6:00 P.M.7:00 P.M. 7:S0 P.M.-
7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P M.-
-All Eiigineei ing Banquet -P. I. A. Dance Class -Christian Science Orgaiuzation -Silver Mask Meeting -Ceres Meeting -Alpha Phi Omega Meeting -Forestry Club Meeting _
Room 263, Union Picnic Grounds Towel, Union Room 304, Union West Faculty Lounge, Union South Balliooni, Union Noith Bhllrooni, Union
<’Iii Epiilon: Initiation room 261 of the Union at B p m Tnosdav, April 21 - COHEN
Room 303, Union Room 301, Union Room 306, Union Room 307, Union Room 117, Hoiticultuie Building
8:00 P.M.-
-Graduate Dames Installation of Ofliceib
8:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M.-
-We.st Lafayette Musicalc -Co-ed Reading Contest (Finals)
East P’aculty Lounge, Union Music Room, Union
Eliza Fowler Hall
Teachers Will Attend ^ Special Summer Courses '
Chem, Met Seniors,
Faculty To Hold Banquet
Dr» F. B. Knight announced today that because a idatively small number of teachers will attend the summer session, instiuction will be given in a series of small group conferences as contiasted to the laige class organization of former yeais. This course is open to teacheis and school administrators who are candidates for an M.iS. degiee. Because of the laige numbei applying for the w'oikshop for high school principals, it was necessai y to'close legistration several iveeks ago.
Chem and Met seniors and the faculty will hold then last banquet of the yeai at 6:30 p m. in the Union Faculty Lounge next Thuisday The banquet will cost 76 cents, and thei e wnll be a tiee pai ty afterwaids This is the last time foi sen101 to get togethei with the faculty.
Frank Hockema
Christian Science Oreranization: Rtjirnlar nicitirifr 7 <10 p m Tuesday April 21 in ruom 203 of the Union LOCKWOOD
Ro9er Williams Club Will Hold Picnic
Rogei Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Chuich will hold its annual spiing picnic at the Vawter Big Rock Cottage on the Tippecanoe, 15 miles noith ol Lafayette next Saturday Club mcinbcis aiu uigcd to attend and aie to meet at the church at the coi nei of Columbia and Chauntev at 1 p m Theie cvill lie a small claige foi tiansjioitation .ind the eiening meal IVIiss Helen .Snvclei is in chaice of the aiiangemenfs and -Jim Fold is 111 cbaigc of the tians|)oitalion This picnic has been an annual affaii foi the last 25 ycais
. assistant to the piesident, will speak today before a dinnei meeting ot the Foieman-Manageis Club of Chaileston, West Viiginia. He will letuin to speak tomoiiow night betoie the Attica Williainspoit Rotaiy Club at the Mudlavia Hotel.
Playshop To Hold Annual Spring Picnic Today
Playshop membcis v'lll hold then annual spiing picnic ioi the Piiidue Playeis this afleinoon and evening The paiticipants aie to meet at ! 15 p m on the stcqis of Fowlei Hall and liom heie they will piece cd to the picnic giounds in back ol the stadium In case ol lain the nicnic will be held in Fowlei Hall
rrcshmnn rnmp Counsellors linn will bi .1 m itnu' nf .ill IhiHt will, iMsh to ul .is couiist Mors .It till Aiii;ii-.| 1 reslini.m ( imti on I iicin At nl 21 it I |i m in tin Union II Mill -in infiiistiil ,uul emnot Hllunl nli.i-i Cili Sihi.hol .u -,r)(r>2 or< .Siiuni It 8IJI SINGLU
Kappa Delta Rho
Tbe Oeickest, Surest Way YOU Can Help Win This
. social fiateinity. announces the election ot the following ofTiceis for the suinmei semestei • W ,J Weslow', picsidcnt; W M. Claik, xice-president; R I Ronkslcv, lUsh chairman; A R. Johnson, lecoiding "'•cretary, R C. Neff, conespondiiig i-ccrctary; J. Webstci, house manager; B. C. Hincline, tieasuiei ; W. F Fullciton, chaplain; W H. Sdieer, sergeant-at-aims; D. E t orp, social chaiiman; C H Tepas, athletic inaiiagci
Classified
Ads
Icnm.iiitical l.iisiniers- All sujihoniini s «lio-i nmn- inin.ii on ihi ■Vihnncnl ( oiir I. ItOIC .-n.rtntifl list nnl w lio pi,in to I ilu \iruniuliiil hiiBiiUi I iii_' (Liirrifiiliim \ I -lioiilil 1 port to til Ailj it.iiit 111 til nniii 1)11(0 of thi A-niori with nit dp111 lUOUDAN
All Mililsrs Stiidcnls 'IIku will bi in nioK (orp- D.i\- r irmiition tin < nn t i lUORDAN
Ncn (.old I’cppcrs Actn cs Mi (.tin-r April 21 .It t pm in tin AWS olTirt- Ilri moiu\ fui ii.nldlis nnl pu iiu SLAIUI
Alpha I’lii OincKti I’kdsi hike 7 ii ni Siturd.it Aiml 2") Mid it WMW -t'i - ol tin Union StllAI.I.IOI
Ac Chem Club (Intiiiu: v. ill In lnil.it April 21 .It 1 It) pm I! .it Atr Hill foi rifk out WOODWAIUI
BSt^—STAMPS Nom/
Dr. A. M. Irion —• DENTIST ™ 119’/! Northwestern Ave. S Phono 4965 allllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllir
Typtwrilers—Addins Machmes, all makes luld. rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeesrraph work done C J Ebershoff, 605 Mam Lafayette. Phone 2779.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE—-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
iversitv Boek Store
Acxoii From Union Samreont *29 **Doc’* Epple *40
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Comfort and Security Away from Home
HOTEL FOWLER
Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
Keep Your Clothes a Business Asset—
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
IVo iiiatle^ how iinieh (Mliiealioii you ha>e, your are “out of husiuesb^'ireulalioii” unlil some one liires you. So make your persoiuir ap})earanee a husiuess asset hy having yout* elolhes Crown (Jeaned regularly.
I » Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
ZoUnvoHt Thoic wlshinK to iittend jiicnlc WeilnosKinv, April 29, sign list on nenlor order board in Armory —GRAF
Town Beat SophoniorcHt ConKiHtinitt of Votik, Vermilion, Tiornty, and Fishtr Beat mettmtt 111 Exponent office at 4pm tqday Best you be*there BOSWINKEB
Exponent Science Beat! There will be a mettiiiK at 1 .dO toiiiftht in the office Frohmnn. Freyman, DuobterherK, Murtmdell and Byers, be there —HOSKINS
Scabbard and Blade: Mcetlni; baa been chanBed to Thuraday night, April 23 at 7 ‘do p ni III the Union Offlcc'rs for the next tivo semesteitf will be elected. All file material and bills should bo brought to this meeting in order to close the business for the year This is a “stab” mcetinK All mcmbois will be present —SULLIVAN
Flylnit Cliibj Final meeting _ __ ■leitcr will be Thursday, April 21, at 7 iSA
will
meeting
k April
pm in loom 302 of the Union. Plans
be made for the party tb he held Satur4hy«! April 21), with the Glider Club. Second se-
mester dues ate due at this meeting if noi already paid. — CROW
I’OMM: Election of officers will be held 111 room 106 of the Armory at 4 p. m Tuesday Apiil 21 All juniors of the Order be sill e to attend BUSHNELL
Junior Military Students: Ticktls for military banouet April 28 will be distributed in Kunnery classes this week Those disiring to attend who did not sign first list muj pui chase them for cash GRAF
Freshman Military Track Contestants: Military Track meet will be bold in the rioldboiise at 1 p m Wednesday, April 22. - VANDERFORD.
All Students: Anyone who wishts to reclaim lost articles must do so before Wednesday, April 22 All articles are on the Student Senate office- THOMAS
Military Frbshmen: F'reshmen who have missed second class gunner’s examination will make up the examination during regiilaily scheduled examination hours on Tuesdaj, Apiil 21, or iit any hour on Wednesdnv April 22 Scheduled hours foi today are 8 and ‘lam and 1 2 and 3 p.m —EDWARDS
The Undergraduate Dafnes Club: Will hold a faiewell paity at the home of Mrs. Laurs Ilughel 426 S Grant at 7 .30 pm today —VOLLMER
Gold Peppers: Please pay your 42 cents for the picnic this week. The bills mtlBt bb
paid. Put the money in dn envelope Sjpd
Silver Mask: Meeting today in room 304 of the Union at 7 30 pm There will he election of olTiters. —OAKES
place it in the WAA mailbox In the morial Gymnasium if you cannot And me.
I —FORD
Eta Kappa Nu Actives And Pledges: Foimal initiation will be held in loom 307 in Union at 4.30 p.m Tuesday, April 21 -SOUTHMAYD
Pi Tau Sigma. Formal initiation in the reading loom of the Meehanicnl Engineeiing building at 4 15 p m Tuesday, April 21. — GREGORY.
Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledges: B’ormal initiation in room 304 of the Union at 5 15 p m Tuesdae, April 21 -BORNS
Military Code Students: Code eertilicates are ready in the instructors room in the Armory -BURKHART
Triton Club. Important meeting at 7 ‘10 p m, Tuesday, Apul 21 Everyone please eomc BROWNE
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of officers Thursday, April 2'3 at 1 30 p m iii room 129 of the Chem Annex
MONTGOMERY
Radio Amateurs' Raaio club plenic-meet-ing and election of officers will be held Tuesday, April 21 All inteiested m am.iteur radio are invited There will he a 10 cent charge' tor non-me>mhers Members arc invited free. Meet at EE building at 5.30 P m —MILES
Ceres: The last meeting of the present se'mester will he held at the home of Prof Robbins. Tucselav. April 21 Meet nt the cast eloor of the Union at 7 pm Those that have cars available please hung them Anyone unahk to attend this meeting coiiLict I'juler or Callahan before Mondae noon - CALLAHAN
Tau Beta Pi Election of office!s WediU’sdav, April 22, at 7.30 pm m the East Reception l.oiinge of the Union Refreshments will he se'iveel and hron/e "bents’ will he given to stniois —MUNGER
Gimlet Club. Initiation Tucselav eve'iiiiig April 21 at 7 at the SPE house All pledges must be present JOHNSON
Sophomore Mihiarv Students: All sophomores whose names appeal on the list of those accepted for the advane e course must Higii contracts in the mam office of the Armorv prioi to April 25 —RIORDAN
Marriage Course- Meeting Wedneselav April 22, III room 202 ot Heaeilon Hall at 7 JO foi motion pieliins no notes Term papers must he in hv April 25 WILKENING
S ( A Hoard Imporl'iiil niei ting 3 in silai April 21 at 7 ,0 p m m the S C A Ream Altend-ine- is.ss, ntial Anv S C A me mb r v liu is .ilsu inlerestiel is invitiel to atteiul JfOGAVERO
All StiHlcnts- Thes-i inlinsted in taking Spanish 7! (Eiigr Spanishl (his suninie r phase rill mi it Sftl lx foie Apul Tt Cuursi me lurks stueK of ( one i rsational and piarlieil Spanish M I. 61-62 are pr<uipiisites SHELIIY
All Male Students: AH btuelents who have oomplete'd the Advance' Couise RO’rC, or will eompk'te the Ailvimecd Course ROTCJ by May J, see important notices on 2nil flooi Armoiy Bulletin boaids -RIORDAN
Alpha Phi Omega: Formal initiation nt 5pm Sunday April 26, in room 366 of the Union with the pledges meeting in the Swedish lounge Banquet will follow at 6 p m in room 332 ot the Union SCHALLIOL
Lutheran Students: The final mectlnn; of the present semester of the Lutheran students Association of America wi)l be Yield at the home ot Rev H. C. Stqlldorf, C26
N. 9th Sticet. on Sunday evening, April
!tln
26, at 7 .30 p m A short business meeting
will be followed with (tames and refresh-
Ilf this
ments. Everyone is
meeting.
urged
to attend . „ —ANTAL’
DEAC SAYS: Fellows—Now that the Prom is over get out of the hole by selling your used books.
50% CASH
is payed on all used books.
325 State Street
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE
—Established 1908 — West Lafayette, Indiana
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
America must he llrsl—oii the fields of battle, on the sea, and in the air. For those of us who are still at lioiiie, wlicllier we are serving on defense projects or not, our job is to share in our
government. LETS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
ir ic ir
UUY II. S. DEFLMSE BOYDS iinil STAMPS
★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★