')
11
r
'‘m*
Sophomore
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, ^nd For Students of Purdue University
Ihurdue Exponent
TUESDAY January U, 1938 Lafayette# tndiona VOL 49 No# 87
Board Appoints Directors For 'Of Thee I Sing' Meeting Sunday afternoon in the Student Union office, the board of control for the first alhcampus musical comedy production in the entrie history of the University considered the qualifications of 40 students and appointed 23 of them as the directors and assistants for “Of Theh I Sing,” a political satire with music by the late George Gershwin. The board of control, composed of members of the faculty and representatives of six student organizations, also selected the comedy at the meeting. Select Committees According to L. A. Jacobson, chairman of publicity for the production, the following were chosen as directors, managers and assistants: Dance Director—^Betty iJo and Rufina Sexton. Assistants: Barbara Gibbs and R. P. Bauman. Music Manager—Bud Bryant. Instrumental Conductor, Bob Phillips. Choral Conductor, Van Coddington. Librarian, Martha Moorhead. Head Accompanist, Ted Feucht. ^ Business Manager—Louis Putze. Ticket chairman, W. K. Milne; Publicity Chairman, L. A. Jacobson; House Chairman, Betty McKee; Secretary, Lorna McLeod. Stage Manager—George Glover. Master Carpenter, Harry Brenman; Master Carpenter, G. W. Matthews; Scenic Artist, Ernestine Brown; Master Electrician, Bob Metzger; Property Chairman, Jane Robinson; Make-up Chairman, Frances Eastburn; Costume Chairman, Martha Wood; Rehearsal Assistant, Victor Somogyi. Past Experience Quite a number of the above were in last year’s Spring musical, “Castles in the Air,” and many are in charge of other campus activi^ ties. Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton directed the Union Thanksgiving show and appeai’ed in the show last spring, “Castles in the Air.” Bud Bryant needs no introduction as his name is as well known as his swing is liked by mixer-goers. Louis Putze is the senior Executive of the Union and was in charge of publicity for last year’s musical. George Glover is student production manager for Playshop. If advance notices mean anything, this all-campus musical comedy should be one of the largest ever put on. Gilkey of Chicago U. To Talk Here Sunday Dean Charles W. Gilkey, of the Chicago University chapel, will speak on “Taking Bearings” at the next University religious convocation Sunday, January 16, at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Graduate of Harvard! and the Union Theological Seminary in New York City, he was, until 1928, pastor of the Hyde Park Baptist Church, Chicago. He is a member of the Board of Governors of International House, Chicago, and of the Board of Trustees, of George Williams College. Since 1919, he has also been a member of the Board (if Trustees of the University of Chicago. Recently, as Barrows Lecturer to student centers of India, he spoke to 40,000 persons in a series of six lectures at Bombay, Lucknow, ^Calcutta, Lahore, Rangoon, and Madras. Dean Gilkey spoke at the Baccalaureate service here in June, 1936.
Annual Ag Conference Opens
Oe/iA/ <JM.
Indiana Corn Kings Crowned At Banquet By President Elliott Dr. E. C. Elliott last night crowned Indiana’s 1937 crop of kings of the corn and small grain world before a record crowd at the 15th annual Indiana State Com Grower’s banquet. President Elliott, with due ceremony, placed crowns on the heads of William H. Curry, Tipton, exhibitor of the grand champion sample of corn at the 1937 International Exposition; George J. Sauerman, Crown Point, exhibitor of the champion sample of hay at the same show; and Five Acre Cora. Contest winner R. L. Heil-
man, Hope.
Heilman had a record yield of 179.1 bushels per acre in a contest in which 1,168 contestants competed. ' Genial Toastmaster K. E. Beeson, secretary of the association and member of the University agronomy' department, introduced Lieutenant Governor H. F. Shricker, who made a short talk early in the evening. Dean J. H. Skinner, of the school of agriculture, delivered a short talk. Dave Thompson, editor of Prairie Farmer, was on hand and introduced ' Indiana’s 1937 com shucking champion. Retiring Association President Henry Miller also added his part to the parade of agricultural cele-
brities.
Band Wins Applause Throughout the meal and during the evening a Community Orchestra from northern Marion County supplied a concert of marches and semi-classical numbers, winning the applause and complimentary commen^^ of everyone including President Elliott. Reserve Champion of the International Corn Show, Floyd Hiner of Lewisville, was unable to attend and receive his certificate of merit, Others who received certificates of merit from President Elliott, symbolic of major corn achievements during the year are: Junior Reserve International Winner Stanley Hurst, Manilla, a freshman in the University; Special Reserve Champion in Reid’s Yellow Dent Class, George Kirkpatric, Wingate; 1937 State Show juniftr winner, Richard Hiner of Knightstown.
Agriculturists
Fill Union Lobby At Registration “Have ya got any corn in the show this time, Joe?” and, “Think I’ll wait till the market price goes up,” reached! our ears oVer the clamor of the near-riot in the Union lobby yesterday evening at Ag conference registration. Busy registration officials tossed a phrase over their shoulder which we pieced together into, “No totals yet—they
are still pouring in.”
Up at the 4-H club corn show, the the brunette at the desk was also swamped (with corn naturally)— 29 counties represented. Adults, also, didn’t seem bashful or reticent about exhibiting their prize ears. Some 212 entries were recorded at 5 p. m. last night.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Rain in the south portion; snow in the north. Slightly warmer in the north. Tomorrow snow dnd colder; much colder tomorrow night.
Secrets Of Early Sidewalk Snow Shoveling Revealed
Over tSOO Register At First Session Despite Snow Storm With more than 1,500 registering despite a snow storm and bad highway conditions, the fifteenth annual Agricultural Conference got under way yesterday. Highlight of the day came with the 15th annual Indiana Cora Grower’s banquet in the Union Ballroom last night. Today’^ program brings to the campqs agricultural and home economics leaders of national reputation. Climaxing today’s p r ogram will be the annual rural amusement contest in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium at 7:30. A capacity crowd of five thousand attended this
event last year.
Principal speakers on schedule are Dean J. H, Skinner, of the University agricultural school; T, W. Tinker, assistant forester of the United States Forest Service; T. G. Sinclair, of Kingan and Company of Indianapolis; 0. V. Morgan,, of the Public Relations Division, Commonwealth Edison Company, Chicago; and J. B. Abbott, director of the Agricultural Research, American Cyanamide Company, New York.
University iSpeakers
Forty-one University professors and instructors will appear on the program along with other notables. Speakers appearing on the home economics program include Leila R. Gaddis, Philena F. Palmer, Laura Partch, Gail M. Redfield, and Harriet E. O’Shea. These women are professors and instuctors in the
University.
Skinner will preside over a general session at Fowler Hall at 1:15 p. m. introducing Tinker, who will talk on “The Place of Forestry in Indiana Agriculture.” Sinclair will appear at the Livestock Judging Pavilion at 9 p. m. discussing “Desirable and Undesirable Market Hogs and the Kind of Hams and Bacon They Produce.” A demonstration will be given by W. K. Oyler of the Lafayette Stock Yards simultaneously with Sin-
clair’s talk.
“Adventures of a Dirt Gardner,” will be the subject of a discussion by Morgan at the Horticultural Building, room 109, this afternoon at 2:30 p. m. Abbott will appear at the agricultural building assembly hall and will talk on “Pasture Utilization in Dairy Production.” The climax of the day .will be a rural amusement contest with J. R. Wiley in charge. The admission will be ten cents. i
By Fred Under the spreading branches of tropical palms and beside V fruitbearing banana tree, we interviewed the man who supervises the clearing of snow off the campus walks! Having tramped, through six inches (unofficial) of snow, we had entered the south door of the west end of the greenhouse just behind the Physics Building, as per instructions we received from Joe Young, who has worked for the University for 27 years. We met Joe in front of the Service and Stores Building, carrying two business-like shovels. Pilled with a great appreciation for the most picturesque snowfall of the season, we asked him how he liked his work. “Same' as any other ^working man,” he replied unromahtically, “I like it like I like what I get for doing it.” Follow Directions . Floored by such matter-of-fact talk about this beautiful subject we followed the directions he gave us for finding the foreman of hi^ gang, and soon ended our trek in
the tropical atmosphere of the greenhouse. Here we met a fellow who, after hearing our jumbled description of who we were looking for, drawled, “I reckon that must be me.” So we began throwing questions at him. (Which, by the way, he answered faster than we could ask.) “There’s 12 men on the gang,” Bill Graber began, “and we went to work at 7 o’clock this morning. We had ■ the walks cleared before the students were on the campus.” “All the walks?” we asked, gullible as evet. “Just the main ones,” he answered, “if we were to have had all the walks cleared by 7:40 we would have had to started about an hour before the storm began.” Lonely Snow Maiden In answer to our query concei’ning the snow maiden sculptured just behind the library, he replied, “That is really a dandy. The fellows that made that were really ambitious— it was there when' I wept past at (Continued on page 4)
51-43
Boilermaker Rallies Futile In Rough GameAt Illinois In a rough and tumble game, the Purdue basketball squad lost its first game of the season to a fighting University of Illinois squad, 51 to 43 on the Ililini’s home floor in the George Huff Memorial Gymnasium at Champaign, HI. After Dickinson missed a free throw in the early minutes of play, Illinois jumped off to an early lead by virtue of a field goal. Lambert’s cagers soon brought the score up to six all; and then went into the lead when Dickinson made a field goal from under the basket, making the score 8 to 6 in favor of Purdue.
Finals In Mohlman Debates Scheduled For 7 p. m. Friday Finals for the Mohlman Interfraternity Debate Contest will be held in Fowler Hall at 7:30 Friday night, when the two teams still remaining in the contest will bnttle for the Mohlman trophy. This trophy has been in the possession of Cary Hall East since that team defeated Beta Theta Pi in last year’s finals. The winning team and its managers will receive keys and invitational tickets to the speech banquet to be held in the Spring. They will retain possession of the trophy for one year. Of the 52 teams that began the contest November 4 only four are left. These four, Beta Theta Pi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa Sigma, and Delta Tau Delta are now participating in the semi-finals which will be completed tonight. SDX Promises New Pidorial Backdrop Changing spasmodically during the evening, a panoramic backdrop will set off the two orchestras that will play for the SDX. Boilermaker Brawl Friday evening at 9 p. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The pictorial background to be shown is thus far a deep, dark mystery, Prexy Hugh Forster refusing to divulge the scenes which will appear before the dancing couples. Costumes in Order Costumes of any type or anything to wear at all will be in order. Nudity will not be at a premium, but will be frowned upon. Fm-ther restrictions will be announced by SDX at a later date.
Indianapolis Symphony To Play At Year's First Musical Convocation
At the first musical convocation of the new year, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra will play selections from Weber, Mozart, Shepherd, and Wagner and Tschaikowsky’s Symphony No. 4 in F Minor. The program will be presented at 8 p. m. Thursday in the Fieldhouse. Under the direction of Fabien Sevitzky, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra broadcast its first network program via the Mutual Broadcasting System and affiliated stations last Saturday evening. Originating in Indianapolis, the program was broadcast from the Murat theater. In a review of the season’s opening concert in Indianapolis, Moses Smith, music critic of the Boston (Continued on page 4)
Fabien Sevitzky
Purdue Leads The mini evened the score up, and Anderson put Purdue in the lead for the last time during the game when he sank a field goal in close to jthe basket. Boudreau then brought the score to 10 all, and Hapac made it 12 to 10 for Illinois. Dickinson sank a. free throw to make the score 12 to 11 after 10 minutes of play had elapsed. Purdue scored two more points •both free tosses—^in the remaining minutes of the first half, while the mini brought their total points to 29 as the gun went off. Second Half Rally The Boilermakers started off the second half with renewed vigor and sank three field goals as the Illinois team gained one point from a charity toss. A free throw by each side made the score 31 to 20 in favor of the Illini. A field goal and three free tosses, while Illinois made one free throw, then brought the score to 32 to 25, with 12 minutes remaining in the sec-
ond half.
Up to this point the Illinois team had made three points while Lambert’s cagers had garnered 12. They returned to their first half form, however and scored four field goals and two free throws in rapid succession, increasing their lead to
42 to 25.
Illini Hold Lead Anderson scored a free toss. Brig Young sank a bucket, and Anderson made two field goals. Then the mini gained a free toss to leave Purdue trailing 43 to 34. Dickinson fouled Boudreau and left the game on personal fouls, Boudreau missing the shot. Anderson made a bucket, and Sines made his fourth personal foul and left the game, when he tangled with Boudreau who was attempting a shot. The Illini veteran made both tosses to bring the score to 45-36. In the closing minutes, the ball see-sawed back and forth, but the mini held the advantage to hold an eight-point lead, 51 to 43, as the final gun sounded. The summary:
Purdue (43)
FG
FT
P
Young, f
5
4
3
Zink, f
0
0
0
Sines, f
......2
0
4
Hutt, f
1
2
0
Anderson, c
6
2
4
Fisher, c
1
0
2
Beretta, g
0
0
0
Malaska, g
2
0
2
Dickinson, g
0
1
4
Vernon, g
0
0
1
Totals
...17
9
ao.
Illinois (51)
FG
FT
p
Boudreau, f
3
9
3
Hapac, f
1
3
4
Dehner, c
7
4
1
Lasater, c
2
1
1
Nisbet, g
3
2
2
Wardley, g
0
0
1
Handlon, g
0
0
2
Davies, g
0
0
3
Totals
....16
19
17
Officials: George Levis, (Wisconsin), referee; Robert Nipper
(Butler), umpire. |' f ^
THE PUBDl^ EXPONENT
Tuesday# January 11# 1938
rit I?’ M j f ^ }‘i 111
The Editor Says
Embryo Journalists... . . . commonly known as Exponent sophomores, have today taken over the job of puting out a paper with no help from the elected members of the staff. So for one day sophomores reign supreme at the office—running the paper the way we think best, and incorporating small changes and ideas which we have thought of since we first proudly said, “I work on the Exponent.” Perhaps it isn’t perfect, but it is the result of hard and earnest work by the sophs. Avenging... ... a defeat suffered them on their home floor last year by our team, the Illini crushingly defeated us last night at Champaign. Last year, after Illinois trimmed us in our first loss of the season, the team slowly slipped down the list, finally ending in fourth place. This year, with a team students hoped would end up unbeaten, we stand a fair chance to repeat last year’s performance, unless students forget the one game lost and get behind the team. One loss seldom loses a Big Ten Championship. We know that they’re still champions, so why not let them know how we feel? At the dedication game Saturday let’s tell the boys that we know they are definitely in the running. On to the Big Ten Champibnship!
Agricultural Visitors... ... were presented with a view of a snow-cov-ered campus yesterday as the University put on its best bib and tucker to welcome several thousand state and national visitors to the Agricultural Conference. May the Exponent staff add its welcome to these people, many of whom drove through a blinding snowstorm Monday night in order to be at the University for the opening day’s session. A full six-day schedule is offered, with many agricultural leaders speaking on subjects concerning the farmer. Emphasis will be placed upon the development of new industrial and commercial uses for _farn^L produced commodities, and upon machinery and crop development. Sessions cover all phases of farming, including the ever-important feminine part of the work. Farming has been modernized,^ and thus wives of farmers may find many subjects of interest to them offered in the Home Economics program. ( —
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^socmtrd €6Ue9tatr HAUSOH MIS<»N9N Entered as second class matter at the post ofUce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. BBPBBBBNTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISING BV National AdvertisiBigSeJyice, Inc. College Publtihen Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y Chicago * bostoh ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief G. J. Tafel
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor K. C. Houston Associate Editors G. E. Barker, G. W. Frederick, R E Insley, G. A. Torrence, R. J. Deckard, J. C. Woodson, B. T. Loveridge BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. National Advertising Manager W. J. Gilhlan Local Advertising Manager , ^ ^nsler Circulation Manager..... — — - M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor - D. G. Terrio Associate Editors J. Collins, R Jenkins, J. A Hebbeler, R A Tillson
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University, All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Issue Editor—Keck Night Editor—Kroeplin Tuesday, January 11, 1938
Forestry, ever important to the farmer, and now perhaps more so, because of the decreasing timber tracts, will be discussed during the week. Addresses, demonstrations, exhibits, and entertainment are being presented daily to the thousands of agriculturists pouring in from all points of the compass, increasing the registration list so rapidly that all indications point to a new record. It does our heart good to see a number of Purdue alumni scheduled to speak during the week. Back they have come to the school that put their foot on the first rung of the ladder to success. Now they will give the benefit of their experience and learning to future grads. Congratulations, alumni!
collegiate
By G. E. Barker “The dead man had wished to be cremated, and the increment scattered to the winds.” Calculus students may feel the same way about the increment one of these days when finals come around, but the above quotation is one of a number discovered by New York City’s Board of Examiners in examination papers of col-lege-graduated candidates for their teaching licenses. Northwestern’s psychology Prof. Robert Holmes Seashore has devised a scientific test to determine the total number of English words a person would recognize. It is a multiple-choice examination using sample lists of “basic” and “derived” words from Funk and Wagnail’s unabridged dictionary. Last week he reported the surprising discovery that the average college student has a recognition vocabulary of 176,000 words—62,000 “basic” and 114,000 “derived.” Certain Stanford University students’ lack of knowledge about chemistry resulted in a purple dog. The dog, a pet of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity house, was the victim of a few students who thought their house needed a platinum blonde. Accordingly, they dumped the animal into a tub of platinum dye. Instead of turning a golden white the dog’s brown coat took on a royal purple hue. Flying instruction in land grant colleges, as a means of building up a reserve of aviators for national emergencies, was recently advocated in Miami, Florida, before air officials of 40 states. “America lags in training its man power for war in the air, if that war ever com^s,” Floyd E. Evans, Michigan State director of aeronautics, said at the annual convention of the National Association of State Aviation officials. “Give every junior and senior in land grant colleges the opportunity
at a nominal fee, to learn to fly,” he said. In Winnetka, 111., a tiny college which has no building of its own gives no lectures and awards no degrees, is sdnding its graduates to carry on an educational program stressing development of creative ability. It is the Graduate Teachers’ College, founded there in 1932 for the sole purpose of training teachers in what its sponsors describe as “the more progressive phases of education.” It blelieves the way to learn to teach is to teach. Its laboratories are classrooms of public schools of Winnetka and two private institutions. Spmin^r conferences t^ke the place of lectures. They are held in cooperating schools. Each student of the college spends half of each day teaching children in the cooperating schools under the supervision of the schools’ teachers. Instead of granting degrees the college issues certificates which state what training their recipients had before entering, what they’ve accomplished in the laboratory schools, and what seminars have been taken, along with a brief statement concerning their general ability.
wardness of pose or movement, should take a course of training in physical culture, until every muscle learns its proper office. With the' self-command which this training gives, ease of manner and dignity of bearing follow naturally; to say nothing of the serenity of mind that lies back of all this pleasing exterior.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
What, Where, When? By R. J. Deckard
Physical culture may be a “fad,” but its aesthetic results are conceded. The graceful control of the body is the basis of a fine manner. It is an opinion of long standing that children should be taught to dance in order to develop grace of movement, yet dancing, merely feives R limited training of the muscles compared with the allaround exercise taken in gymnasium and classes of physical culture. It IS recommended that all who are deficient in “manner,” or who suffer an embarrassing self-cons-ciousness because of their awk-
ENJOY YOUR MEALS AT THE NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia Street We specialize in serving all kinds of American and Chinese Food at Popular Prices. Try a Delicious STEAK, CHOP SUEY OR CHOW MEIN DINNER We Use Only Highest Quality Government Inspected Meat Call 4966 for Orders to Take Out Open 11 A. M. to Midnight
Excitement, thrills, unusual happenings and doings are all one in the life of a sophomore Exponent galley slave , . . mainly for the reason that in the aforementioned life, these things are nil. Howevah, today is a red-letter day in the otherwise drab lives of each apd every one of us sophs. For today, we bat out the tabloid hll by our lonesomes. You may not believe it, but dashing off eight or 10 newspaper inches of goo supposed to be humorous is not quite the merry old task you might be inclined to think. Try it sometime. First item on the list (what list?) is from ye olde Triangle house . . . it would seem that there is a lad incarcerated therein who isn’t of the usual run-of-the-mill type of woo-hurlers. Nosir! This man does not do things by halves, dadgummit! . . . and to prove it, he’s got twelve (12) no less, photographs of the one-gal lined up on his desk. For further particulars call 7026 and ask for R. C. Meleney. Ah, what is this thing called love ? ?!! You’ve all seen those gasoline ads in the Saturday Evening Post that have a composite photograph of two animals, and therein lies a tale. It seems that some of the pranksters at the Sigma Pi house cut one out and showed it to mighty hunter “C. C.” Jackman, the Chilicothe Chum(p) who immediately swore by the bones of his greatgrandfather’s cousin thrice removed that he had seen the very thing in the Chilicothe zoo. Maybe he did, at that. We saw a few on New Year’s Eve that were really honeys. If you happen to have a spare suit of armor or two handy, you might try this one on a Grill waitress: after a Iqssie has taken your order (this is the toughest part— don’t give up here, even if you have to wait two hours!) and has eventually returned with the hash, give her a puzzled, inquisitive look, and say, in a well modulated voice: (quote) “Aren’t you the waitress that took my order?” Assuming she’s the one, ishe’ll come right back (these Per-dew co-edfe are quick on the draw) with, (quote) “You know it Ace” or the English equivalent. Then you strike while the flatiron is hot . . . “Well, darn my sox . . . you don’t look a day older!” The University will pay up to $20.00 of your hospital expenses. Yeah! And if you happen to be a supercynical cuss, the next time your girl objects to your kissing her, on the
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
|MAs:siV4Se
l-D
Capr. I*U k^VoKad Fastan 8ji>4Ieato; I
‘Would you believe what a dumbbell I was when I first came here ? I couldn’t even boil an egg!”
grounds that “the average kiss contains so many germs,” right about then is the appropriate moment to spring: “Ah yes, but your kisses are way below average.” Then let your feet tend to make distance between you and the door decrease rapidly. But never forget the foist, fundamental and foremost rule of all good retorts and come backs . . . in fact, of the whole field of repartee. ’Tis as follows: Better Never Than Late. Just as a pleasant reminder — Eight more cramming days ’til finals! And to keep abreast of the spirit of the times, the Union billiard room is going to replace all of the spheres on thip pool-tables with 8-balls. Have yo’all seen that masterpiece of the sculptor’s art behind the Library? Things of this sort never remain a secret long, and so we are able at this time to pass along to you the names and addresses of the embryo “chislers!” Norman Elmore, A1 Rossi, Nick Tsoflias, and Norris Phelps were the lads stricken by the sudden urge to create, and they all live at 401 State. These artists must spend their spare time either drawing flies or conclusions.
ARC
TODAY & WEDNESDAY MERLE OBERON BRIAN AHERNE in “BELOVED ENEMY” —and— BORIS KARLOFF in “JUGGERNAUT” —Also— John Mack Brown in “WILD WEST DAYS”
NOW SHOWING The brilliant ataga i success of 1936 it thit year's heart stirring triumph of the screeni
KATHAIUNt ^GINGER ADOLPHE t MENJOU^ L
Riflery All men interested in riflery, either instruction or practice, please attend meeting this Friday at 4:30 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
The John Marshall
LAW
SCHOOL founded 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD • For Catalog, recommended list of pre-legol subiects, and booklet, "Study of Low and Proper Preparation" address i Edward T, lee. Dean.
COURSES
(40 weeks per year) Afternoon—3years 5 days...4:30-6 30 Evening — 4 years Mon., Wed., Fn.,
6 30-9.20
Post-graduate 1 year..twice a week Practice courses exclusively. All courses lead
to degrees.
Two years' college work required for
entrance.
New classes form in Feb. and Sept.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, III.
MMUA TODAY — WEDNESDAY
—PLUS— POPEYE CARTOON
Today and Wednesday *
•lianor MORGAN • OLIVER =«ayB0LGER. Uotia MASSEY 'Bttly GILBERT.RegliiaM OJREMi /■
Tuesday, January 11, 1938
THE PURDUE E3i3»OMENT
Netmen Face Badgers In First Big Ten Home Game Wisconsin’s champion-beating Badgers will face the Boilermakers Saturday at the Fieldhouse as the third opponent in Purdue’s quest for the conference title. As the first home Big Ten game it will provide the feature entertainment for the
Fieldhouse dedication at 8:16 p. m.
The Badgers opened the season —
in none too impressive style by losing to Northwestern, but came back last Saturday to stop the highly favored co-championship Minnesota team 36 to 28. While Coach Foster’s Wisconsin team has been decidedly an on and off squad, when the Badgers are on they are hard
to stop.
With the slight height advantage that it has, Wisconsin may prove
fielder's choice
Intramurals
7:00-
7:16-
quite a stumbling block in the title path. Averaging a little ov^r six feet one inch, the Badgers will have almost a two-inch advantage per man, which will hinder the Boilermakers on rebound balls. I-M Car To Pull Skiers While the snow remains, the intramural department will provide a car at the Intramural Field to pull ski enthusiasts around the field. Skis will be available at the field entrance for those needing them. Those interested may go to the Third street entrance between 4 and 6 p. m.
BASKETBALL
—^Today-—
Court 1—Personett -Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa
Tau.
-Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
8:26—SAE vs. Acacia. 8:40—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Chi. Court 2—Michael 7:00—Theta Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:26—Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 8:40—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 3—Igney 7:00—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta
Chi.
7:16—Delta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 8:26—Phi Pi Phi vs. Tau Epsilon
Phi,
8:40—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
By B. T. Loveridge According to Leo Fischer of the Chicago American, Purdue is now the top-heavy favorite to romp off with 1938 laurels. ^ At the beginning of the season, Minnesota and Illinois were picked as tops. Illinois is even now almost out of the race, after being defeated by Michigan Saturday night. Minnesota was another upset victim when defeated by Wisconsin 35 to 28. One of the most thrilling games already staged was Northwestern’s 35 to 34 win over the Buckeyes. —^fc— The time records set by Donald Lash last fall for the three and four miles will not appear in the 1938 AAU record books because they cannot be accepted until the next meeting of the AAU. -feDuring the season of 1929-30, the DePaul RambleriS were recognized as national intercollegiate champions. After a winning streak of 33 games, they finally suffered their only defeat at the ^ands of Purdue. Loyola’s quintet, a strong squad last season, is also on its way to an impressive record this
year.
—^fc— Known as one of the most unified athletic plants m any school in the country, the new Fieldhouse
Wrestlers Drop Meet To Maroons Chicago University’s wrestlers were too much for the Boilermakers Saturday afternoon, defeating the Gold and Black matmen 26-8, With a fall counting five points, and a decision three, the high point of the evening for the Reeck squad was Huffm^’s 6-poyjt victory over Bell of the Maroons, The Boilermaker 165-pounder looked even better than he did against Wheaton College in the first meet, in which he won by a fall in 47 seconds. This time he won by a fall in only 35 seconds. {•> Gossard was the only other Boilermaker to come out on top. He won a decision from Hass, of Chicago in the 165-pound class. Lehnhart, Valibz, and B. Finwall of the Maroons registered falls over their Gold and Black opponents, as decisions went to G. Finwall and Hughes. Dawson forfeited his bout in the 118-pound class to Tinker of Chicago. For only the second meet of the season, and the first Boilermaker wrestling team in seven years, the squad as a whole looks pretty good, according to Coach Reeck. He says that the team is showing marked improvement, attributing lack of actual experience to the scarcity of triumphs in the first two meets.
will be dedicated Saturday, with open house in the afternoon and dedication in the evening.
DfICT TfllllCllT rlltll lllnllllll
$
I BID FOR A MATE Very peculiar, these antique-hunters. With two rare Sheraton knife boxes up at auction, why was Bernard so willing to pay $53 for one and then let Nancy grab off its mate for only $1 ? A short story. Matched Pair by GEORGE S. BROOKS
ALSO. . INTRODUCING THE CORDELL HULL YOU HAVEN’T MET, by Pulitzer Prize biographer Marquis James . . . NEW YORK SPENDS $50,000,000 on a dump and Robert Moses, Commissioner of Parks, tells you why... Plus stories by Eric Knight and Harold Titus", and Forrest Davis’ story of Thomas E. Dewey vs. the rackets.
tries fo ^ ^ there's trouUe ■ ■ ■ lhat happens to a possessiv nderstands” comes showed t d Steve and „ge 5 of the Post TorT aummer in Pads- ’’^"^J°^ofmarriagetoday--“lehtoheginthisdramatrcst aon nw
• • "5 A nugg
young Inri' * ^outh dry ^ere •
a Sin
t>orn a Jsfa^ ^ ^is bluff ivr her breara ^Sain. tr" "“-dd
her breath ^ ‘^“‘dd
»MhorofT , ^^ttughingSoy
Dedicate Fieldhouse In Full Program Saturday Saturday will mark the formal dedication of Purdue University’s spacious new men’s gymnasium and Fieldhouse. The crowd for the dedicatory exercises in the evening will be presided over by L. A. Downs, 1894 graduate who is president of the Illinois Central Railroad, and served as chairman of the alumni Fieldhouse cqm^mttee. The crowd will be swelled by contributors to the FieM^use fund, who will be guests of the University and athletic department. ——— There will be two parts to the
Big Ten Standings
Won Lost 3 0
Northwestern Michigan Indiana Wisconsin PURDUE Iowa Illinois Chicago Minnesota Ohio State Other Scores
Indiana, 39; Minnesota, 38. Wisconsin, 50; Chicago, 27. Northwestern, 36; Iowa, 28. Michigan, 38; Ohio State, 28.
Pet. 1.000 1.000 .667 .667 .500 .500 .333 .000 .000 .000
The first meeting of freshmen squash tryouts will be held tonight at 7 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. No experience is necessary All tryouts will start with equal opportunity, and numerals will be awarded to outstanding freshmen. —CLEVETT.
program, which according to Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director will rival a three-nng circus for variety of activity. Registration headquarters for Fieldhouse contributors will be established in room 108 of the men’s gymnasium at 2:15 o’clock. Following are the events m order of their time schedule: from 2 until 3 are scheduled; Purdue vs. Illinois in five man singles table tennis; faculty ‘badminton demonstrations; Dayton YMCA vs. Purdue varsity squash; University boxing championship; and Purdue vs. Notre Dame, fencing. From 3 until 4 the second part of the program will take place consisting of the following events, to be played simultaneously: Illinois vs. Purdue, squash; Purdue vs. Illinois faculty squash; and Purdue vs. Illinois in a five man badminton
match
To climax the day of sports, the Purdue-Wisconsin basketball game will be played in the Fieldhouse at 8-15 o’clock.
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory ,
— Bookstores —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119‘/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Printing —
— Locksmith —
“C”CARTER for Keys — Leeks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grindiiw New L,CJf. and Norton Door Chedcs Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. — Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25s per passenger any part of city 5023—Phon^—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
— Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Creoon and Candy Gloiz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
— Jewelry
iRINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Stationery . .
D I Wedding Invltationi
- SsUl Bookt, EtC.
PHONE
2 628 CANSEL’S 408FERRY — Hardware EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN — Dine —
JhjuibfiL
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Undbargh Road
— Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG
Shoe Repair Shop
in tke ^
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thjis is all we do, but we do it welL Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office Florist —— Domer’s Flower Shop QutJhy Fiowert Main at Ttli Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY a O' Host excluaiye assartmeat of corsaa«G availablo to Pnrduo Stadeata. 527 Main Phone 54S2if 1 If'
^ ii
iiiiiiilii
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Secrets of Early-
(Continued from page 1)
7 a. m. and the tracks had been made since the last snow had fallen. That statue really has all the curves—-all she lacks is a hat.” (Although some folks seemed to think she could have used a dress to a good advantage Continuing, he infoiined us that Joe Young, vhoin we had accosted earlier, was the oldest man on the campus gang According to Bill, the sno^^plow (a lawnmower in the summer time) luns down the walk first cleai-ing a narrow path to break the way, and then goes over it again to widen it. The “steamheated” walks are pretty nice in a storm like this, when the snow melts and evaporates, but when it melts and freezes, they ai’e a nuisance. Orchid In Bloom Then telling us that the men, whose work m the winter consists mainly of clearing the snow away, and who had been laid off since the first of the year, did not need to be told to come to work when they saw the heavy snow, he led us through the gieenhouse to show us an orchid that was blooming in the dead of wintei
Indianapolis-
(Continued from page 1)
Evening Transcript said, “The orchestra and, by inference the conductor, emeiged fiom this test brilliantly. In ten days rehearsing, Mr. Sevitsky has perfoimed something of a miracle.” Said Corbin Patrick, ciitic of the Indianapolis Star, “The Tschaikowsky symphony, with its tumultous finale, inspired the audience to its greatest show of enthusiasm. It was beautifully played by the orchestra. The complicated first movement, with its thrilling introduction, was admirably presented and the charming canzonanet that follows was given with exquisite dis-
tinction.”
The orchestra will be here for a return engagement on March 10, announces Pi of J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee.
Nineteen Fresh Petition For Senate Vacancies Nineteen freshmen took out Stuident Senate petitions yesterday afternoon, according to C. G. Elliott, chairman of the Senate elections committee. When reached last night, Elliott was not yet able to disclose the number of vacancies open to freshmen, but said that the information would appear in the Exponent at an early date. Petitions wei'e taken out by five ag students, one home economics co-ed, two science students, one Vharmacy student, and 10 engi-
neers.
Debris Issues Call For Frosh Workers For the first time in its history, the Debris is making a call for freshmen workers for both the business and editorial staffs. Due to the increase in size of this year’s book a larger personnel is needed. All freshmen interested are asked to report to room D of the Memorial Union Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock, where W. A. Bodden will speak before the group. The work done by freshmen gaming positions will be credited toward their junior posi-
tions.
Gilfillan Will Offer Course In Technology Social Aspects of Technology, an unlisted course in the catalogue, is to be offered next semester by Dr. S. C. Gilfillan of the sociology department to upperclassmen and graduate students.
Notices Ko Notices Accepted After I
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once. Purdue meets Illinois January 16. A first team must be selected by then. —BILLINGS. Activity Bureau: Will be closed until the beginning of the second semester. —JACOBSON.
Preshman Senate Petitions: Freshmen may obtain Senate petitions from Student Senate office from 4 to 5 p. m. January 10 to January 17. All petitions must be returned by January 17. —ELLIOTT
Debris Photographic »tatf: Following is the schedule for photographic workers on Januaiy 11-16 , Tuesday — Bill Gephart, Harley Ehodehemel, Charles Gardner , Wednesday—Bob Dyer, Don Wray, Thursday—Don Martin, Dick Sogge; Friday—Charles Milner, Bill Heddon All are expected to be in the darkroom by 4 p.m. —EMSLIE.
Mary Beth Rose, Patricia Heine, M^rie Johnson, Margaret Crankshaw, Georgia Elliot, Helen Hurych, Helen Scott, Lena Hibbs, Jane Stickler, Muriel Smity, Betty Cocking, Alberta Denaford, Paula Zwerline, Marguerite Gustanson, Virginia Keller, Ruth Waddleworth, Alice Newton, Mary Anna Wilson, Betty Lou Jakes, Beth Simpson, and Virginia Steele. —JONES.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will our committees meet m workshop at 4 p. m. January 11 —SAMUELSON, MILLHOLLAND.
Rifle Instniction: Please meet at 4 p. m. on Tuesdays and Fridays until further notice. —HOLMES.
WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played by noon, January 18: Johnson vs. Hdlmond, Volekel vs. Bouton; Segast vs. Hendrickson ; Lochner vs Cook ; Hollingsworth vs. Hoover; Guthier vs. Reimann; Randall vs. Delaplane; Gabler vs. Mather; Boehm vs George. —BLANK.
Tuesday, January 11, 1938
Cosmopolitan Club: Staff of “C^mopohtan Review” meet in Professor Baldwin 8 office at 4 p. m. January H. —MARCUS. University Choir: Rehearsal will be at 4:30 p. m. instead of 4 p. m on January 11. —CODDINGTON.
Debris Sales Staff: Important meeting on January 11, 4 p. m. in the Debris office. —SIEBENTHAL.
YWCA Literature Group: Meet in YWCA office January 11 at 4 p m —LEAMING
WAA Riflery: Third round of tournament will be played Januaiy 12 Juniors vs sophomores, and seniors vs freshmen Freshmen will shoot at 7 p m , sophomores at 7 15 p m , juniors at 7:30 p m , and seniors at 7 45 p m. —CHRISTENSON Student Relations Committee: JV^eting at 4 p m Januaiy 11 in the WSGA office. —HAMILTON
. WAA Shuffleboard: These games must be played January 11 at 4 p. m., Davison and Sefton vs. Ourand and Chahdler; Shake and Goff va Henry and Harry, Shroder and Swick vs Halmond and Voelkel —BLANK. WAA Deck Tennis* Following games must be played January 11 at 4 p m • Bouton and Townsend vs Delaplane and Walker, Boehm and Beck vs Clymer and Sholty, Maier and Blank vs Dunwoody and Reverda , at 4 •46, Mounce and Morris vs Jenkins and Cook —JENKINS
Freshman Debris Applicants: Meeting for all freshmen interested in working on ei^r the business or editorial staffs of Debria January 11, 4 p. m. in room D of Union. —EHINGER.
Sigma Delta Chi: Very important meeting in Union Exponent office Jan. 11 at 4:16
Ceres: Members meet in faculty lounge of the Union at 7 p m January 11 —HENRY.
Radio Club; Meeting m room B of the Union at 7 p m January 11 —THOMPSON.
Delta Rho Kappa: Members be present at meeting January 11 at 4 p m in the Union Building. Ask at desk for room. Bring dues. —CROMER
WSGA Sophomores: There .will be no training school until after finals, February
1st.
—STEWART.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in Room C of the Union Building at 7 30 p. m. January 11.
—WINTER
Women’s Varsity Debate; All those interested in women’s varsity debate second semester please meet in room 301, University
Hall, January 11 —EHjl INGER
Men’s Varsity Debate: All men interested 1 varsity debate second semester please meet in room 101 University Hall, January 12, at 7 p. m to plan second semester de-
bates
—WINCH
MORE Dry Cleaning from ijn ■■ w Purdue Students and here's W n T Student's are quick to sense value . . . they know a good buy when they see one. Form pressing plus the extra protection MONITE moth proofing 'gives is a value not to be overlooked.
Alpha Phi Omega: Smoker in Union towel room January 11 at 7 30 p m Members please bring housing survey reports
—MOORE
Indiana Education Society: Supper meeting in Union cafeteria Januaiy 11 at 5 45 m Regular meeting in room D at 6 30
WSGA: The following girls are to meet January 11 and 13 at 4 p m in the office Margaret Johnson, Nina Dewitt, Mary Lou Sweeney, Shirley Yonover, Dorothy Ells,
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. For Rent—Room with single beds. 424 North Salisbury street. Phone 35764.
University Calendar
—Today— Farm Management Luncheon: 12 noon, in Union reception room Broadcast WBAA: 12 noon, in room C, Union. Broadcast WBAA: 4:15 p m. in room C, Union Forestry Dinner: 6:00 p. m, in Union ballroom. Xi Sigma Pi: 7'00 p. m. in room A, Union. Christian Science Meeting: 7:30 p. m. in room C, Union. Undergraduate Dames’ Meeting 7:30 p. m in loom D, Union.
KELLAR’S WATCH SHOP—All work guaranteed at reasonable prices. 223 Main Street. Phone 3943. STUDENT ROOM-Hi’or rent, desirable location. 540 Vine street. 61572. LOST—Silvei honorary key, inscribed with “Purdue” and “W.K.S. ’38.” Lost on campus Saturday. Please return to Stallings, phone 3068. Reward
Tht bu^st a bride ever spoke!
Evtn after such throat-taxing scenes, kM SOTHERN finds Luckies gentle on her throat..
ROOM AND BOARD—Available for men students ‘February 1 at 209 Vine street. Phone 3210.
WBAA Programs
—Todaj — 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders’ Program. 11:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 11:50—Puidue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30^—Russ, Bob, and Martha. 12:45—Tom Stephenson, baritone. 1:00—Journalism Today. 1:15—Machine Age. 1:30—The Monitoi Views the News 1:46—Maiket and Weather / Reports. 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—Metal Shops, R W. Lindley 2:30—Parents’ Foium 2:45—^Treasure Chest. 3:00—British Isles Talk. 3:15—Ivah Swayme, soprano. 3:30—Melody Moment^. 3:45—The Question Man 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Men Behind the Classics. 4:46—Jane Robinson, popular songs.
1. "IN 'SHE’S GOT EVERYTHING', my new RKO-Radio picture,” says Ann Sothern, "there’s a scene where the girl gets married on a jolting truck, ‘ and it turned out to be a knockout! ... But for me, as an actress !..
4. "NOW AS REGARDS TOBACCO... Luckies’ flavoi: has always appealed to me very much. So I was inl;erested to read recently that Luckies are the favorite cigarette among the tobacco experts themselves.”
2. "IT WAS A KNOCKOUT in a different sensei Imagine shouting your do’s’ above the noise of a truck... and imagine doing it 30 times! Yet, even after this throat strain, I still enjoyed Luckies! They’re always...
WITHH/IEN WHO KNOW TOBACCO 2li>f