\ h'
Bciil^rmalcer Cross Country team Mokes Clean Sweep Of Hisfory Making Season By Annexing Big Ten Conference Crown
xfzanem
f' ')ff ’,,, ' ' ' 'AStl U-t-Vil I
Volume 53# No. 60
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 18, 19^1
SDX Delegates Condemn
Casket
From Union In Smdll
Coeds Will Vie
New Orleans, La., Nov. 17—Special to the Purdue Exponent -^The Eoosevelt Administration was sharply censured by newspapermen and editors from throughout the nation for censorship of military news at the 26th annual convention of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, which
closed here Sunday.
The convention delegates who included representatives of 42 undergraduates chapters, unanimously went on record in condemning the “voluntary” censorship that the President has imposed on Washington correspondents. In a lengthy discussion after the resolution was presented, professional members of the fraternity cited numerous incidents of what was termed ;—^— —
“stupid censorship” of news that was known to thousands of civilians and obviously to
foreign agents. Especially pointed ^^ O
were the references to Lend-Lease * A/* hj
Administrator Harry Hopkins who after returning from Russia refused to give interviews but shortly thereafter described his trip in an article
in a national magazine. The resolution follows:
“Whereas there have been many instances in recent months in which officials of certain government departments have directed the censorship of information fully known to residents of certain sections of the country and most certainly to foreign agents operating in this country
and
“Whereas there have been several instances in the last few weeks where at least one of these sattie;' gbyetrtment departmetital heads pr high departmental spokesmelti have released withheld information under his own signature in national magazines in which he purported to disclose for the firet time secret information which all of the press and radio obviously were entitled to relay to the American public: “Be it hereby resolved that this convention of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, which is the largest group in the profession, go on record deploring the present tendency of governmental agencies, particularly the war and navy departments, to censor at the source information of extreme importance but not of secret military or naval value which the American people are fully entitled to receive through normal newspaper and radio channels.”
Pep Session Awards
Beauty Crown Approximately 200 coeds, who have been nominated for; the forthcoming beauty contest, will parade in preliminaries this evening before judges in the noi’th ballroom of the Union. The contest is closed to the public and the judges will be members of the University staff and local photographers. Nominees have been notified and are requested to be in the ballroom,by 6:4.'i p. m. Contestants are to wear street length dresses for the preliminaries. Thirty-two girls will be chosen to compete in the finals to be hejd ip the Mu§ip^.lj4ijl, Second attraction of the evening will be Bobby Byrne and his orchestra from the Glen Island Casino in New York, which will furnish music for the finals held at 8‘ p. m. on Sat-
urday, Nov. 29.
Senate. To Sponsor NYC Holiday Trains Student Senate announced Saturday that again this year it will sponsor special individual and party rates for students traveling on the New York Central System to New York, Buffalo, Cleveland and Chicago at Thanksgiving and Christmas. In addition to rates and schedules previously announced in Sunday’s Exponent, a special Chicago train has been scheduled, leaving Lafayette at 1 p. m. tomorrow and arriving iii Chicago at 3:30 p. m.
Two awards, the “Tin Can” trophy and a football will be awarded in connection with tonight’s pep. session by Reamer club, independent men’s activity honorary. The trophy, a burnished tin can mouned on a polished mahogan;^ base, was established last year to be awarded each year to the organized group placing the best wreath on Miss Indiana, who at the present time is in the Great Hall of the Union. Deadline on the wreath is
4 p.m. today.
The trophy was won by Sigma Alpha Epsilon last year with a creation of beer cans and a toilet seat. The football is awarded to the group having the best sign in the parade. Under the Reamers’ interpretation, any organized residence group, gruesome remains of Miss Indiana's body, discovered yes-co-operative house house club fra- after abduction by members of IU track squad. Note compete on an equal base for either used by abductors and evidences of their bloody work award. ‘ • on her dismembered corpse.
Of Morning Mutilated Body Found In Car By Police, Campus Detectives Biting the hand that fed them, members of the Ijidiana University track team yesterday took advantage of their residence at the Union Club by descending to the role of corpsesnatchers and purloining the body of their late-lamented relative, Miss Indiana, from the Great Hall of the Union as she lay in state in the early hours of the morning. The broken remains of her frail body were found shortly before noon in the trunk of the car driven by Dorrell Roach,. ■ —... member of the lU freshman
squad, by a West Lafayette police officer assisted by Exponent editors Phil Johnson
Kiwanis To Fete
During the convention, delegates Round trip fare is !(
from Purdue, Butler, DePauw, and Tickets for the specials will be on Indiana presented the convention an sale today from 4:30 to 5:30 p. m, invitation to hold the 1942 conven- ^t the University Book Store and tion in Indianapolis with the four tomorrow at the Big Pour Station
Indiana chapters as hosts. An offi- j^gt before train time. k.r. cial invitation was extended by .f>
“WAA to mu TM spread action was taken at the New Or- In Cabin Tonight At 5:30 leans meeting, but the convention WAA will hold its annual Fall city will be decided by the executive Spread at the WAA cabin this evecouncil of the fraternity ning at 5:30. FalL numerals will be Against Interstate Barriers awarded to the girls at this picnic. Another resolution passed at the Anyone who wishes to attend the closing session of the convention Spread Is invited by WAA. Tickets put the fraternity on record as op- may be purchased from any mem-
(Continued on page 2) ber of the club for 25'cents, p.s.
Beat lU-Pep Session Tonight
By Lee Ruffner, ; Exponent Ma,iiqging Editor Sweeping to a climax of iite season’s new-styled pep sessions, tonight’s edition will end with the blazing funeral pyre of the late-lamented Miss Indiana. The horrible witch will be transported to the scene of her final resting place on a large truck-trailer which hauls steam shovels in its more prosaic moments. Keeping the babe company on the trailer will be the football team and mewtbers of Gold Pepper club. • Off In A Blaze Of Torches The pep session will take off in a blaze of torches in front of the Union after being formed at 7 p. m. The band will be there tooting away in their usual style with renditions (how true) of Hail, Hail, Indiana (you know the rest). Somebody’s Funeral March, and a number of songs purported to come from the banks of the Wabash in the region of Lafaye(te. The bonfire, to be built between telephone poles by Skull and Crescent, will receive the fair lady as the festivities reach their height. (If we can keep that damn track team out on the cross country run instead of the Union.) The yell-squad, which is in charge of this meeting, has promised that the usual speeches will be unusual this time, as they should be, for this is the last pep session of the year, the last pep session (period) for the senior class and the final chance for the student body to show that Purdue Spirit
is not a rnyth tg yanish with h djuill sgasop,.. 'The usual details of the jlimfioree will &e taken care of by members of Gimlet anil Reamer clubs. Since this is the last pep session story of the year, it might be well to give a vote of thanks to a hard-working group of people who have thus far received little credit for the results they have produced. Formed several Weeks ago to relieve the - hard-pressed yell squad, the committee which had no official standing and no official title except that of committee for pep sessions was directly responsible for the really good meetings that were held at the station preceding the Pittsburgh and Ohio State games. ® Credit- Where Credit- Is Due The idea originated anjong the members of the booster honoraries, was fositered by Student Senate and approved by the campus activity heads to whom it was submitted. The honoraries bowed out then, turning the functioning of the committee over to a chairman and the nucleus of the original group. The members of the honoraries continued to serve as ex-officio members of the committee, but to students, such as Bill Farber, Dick Raney, Bob Stecker, Kathryn Ade, Jim Walley, Agnes McCulloch and many others goes most of the credit for what were undeniably several of the best pep sessions that we have seen in four years on the Purdue campus. Give credit where credit is due.
Banquet
In Union Monday Dr. Elliott, Mai Elward Will Address Gridmen Annual Purdue Football banquet, sponsored by the Lafayette Kiwanis Club, will be held in the Union on Monday evening, Nov. 24, at 6 p. m. The banquet program will include comments by Pres. E. C. Elliott, Coach Mai Elward, and many team
members. Entertainment will be Hanawalt, Union staff member, who provided by the Renfro Valley pro- spoke to Ruffner when he went to " .ST fthe-Union -office to make-'^.^ef-rfinal* Tickets Limited To 350 arrangements for placing Miss In-
diana’s body in state in the Grdat Hall. The body had been placed in a temporary spot in the hall following its arrival from Blooming-
and Lee Ruffner.
The morbid attempt at pregrave robbing apparently involved part of Indiana Univerr sity’s faculty, for the bloodstained hammer which was used' to mutilate Miss Indiana’s shapely body until she was a go^ mess and later to dismember the remains, was foUnd in the real* Of
Prof. Jed Robinson’s car. Stolen From Great Hall
The crime was discovered early yesterday morning by Miss Lela
ton Sunday afternoon^ Ruffner then contacted Johnson and the chase
began.
Following a tip from a Union janitor, Ruffner' and Johnson searched Lafayette and surrounding territory, (including portions of the gravel pit), finally discovering the ravished coffin in an alley near the Acacia fraternity house.
-Tracksters Suspected
Suspicion had already centered on the track team as being-the logical suspects, aiid it crystalized when Miss Ruth Shelbourne reported that upon investigating a rooiii which, supposedly empty, had a “Do Not Disturb” sign hanging on the
Reserve.
Interviews Start At 9 A.M. Interviews for eligible seniors will start at 9 a. m. and will continue- after 3 o’clock classes have been dismissed in order to accommodate those who can come only
after 4 p. m.-
Oh, These Wild Women!
In Annual Grid Classic Sunday, 12-5
By Pat Stenberg Before a screaming crowd of 2,000 morons that jammed the side lines of Stuart Field Sunday afternoon, the Pi Beta Phi “Muggin Maulers” slugged their way to a 12-5 rout of the Pi KA “Sorry Susies.” Under a clear blue autmn sky Capt. “Bubbles” Blake sped around her own left end (amazing, isn’t it?) to score for the “Mugs” and later in the game “Slippery Si.s” Wiley repeated the same play to account for the Bustin’ Babes’ scores. A perfect ("?) field goal by the Pi'KA’s in the last three seconds
of. play and a safety by Capt. “Bubbles,” who was carried behind her own goal by “Messy” Martin and “Stinky” Siener and there deposited or her knees whs the limit of the Pi KA’s scoring. No “Airport Holds” After the opening Pi KA kickoff, Bollman caught the ball on the Pi Phi 30 yard line and carried it to the enemy’s 45. Due to the successful tackling of the Pi KA’s, the Maulers lost the ball on downs. The “Susies” then put their CliffApe play into practice. Each man picked up a “Mauler” on the front line and carried her down the field. Thus, breaking up the Pi Phi defense, the “Susies” succeeded in
bringing the ball to their 35 yard line. However, referee “Doc” Cole imposed a severe penalty of 15 yards upon the Pi KA’s for the use
of the “Airport Hold.”
On the next play “Punchy” Bell intercepted a rather sloppy pass and regained the ball for the “Maulers.” It was on the following play that Capt. Blake made the first touchdown of the game. Prom then on the battle progressed with the Pi KA’s using what they call their rope, pig-back, bucket, and bread-basket plays, but the Pi Phi’s stamina prevented the “Susies” fi'om making a touchdown. Between halves the “Maulers’ ”
(Continued on page 2)
Y/ells Will Address Ag Staff Luncheon Nov. 24 In Ballroom Herman B. Wells, president of Indiana University, will speak next Monday, Nov. 24, at the monthly luncheon of the agricultural staff of the University in the Union ballroom. His discussion, “The Battle of Latin America,” will cover the economic warfare that is being waged in South America. How Both Halves Live As a member of the committee on Cultural Relations with South America, President Wells made a' two months airplane trip of South American countries this summer, where he talked with all types of
citizens.
Reservations for the luncheon, which has been opened to the entire University staff, may be made in the office of. Director H. J. Reed of tlie Agricultural Experiment Station, r.m.f.
Tickets
University Offers Junior, Senior Coeds New Course In Physical Preparedness
Banquet tickets, limited to 350, are pi'iced at $1.50 each and may be obtained from Kiwanis Club members and sporting goods stores in Lafayette and West Lafayette. Already a high percentage of the
tickets have been sold.
A1 Kaser, in charge of arrangements for the dinner, promises no ^peeehes and a .short snappy pro-
grani. d.l.g.
Lt. Wayne Of Army Air Corps Will Meet RO TC Seniors Today Lt. Wayne of the Army Air Corps Materials Division from Wright
Field, Dayton, Ohio, will be on the (joor, she found a piece of black campu^ today for . the purpos.e of ^loth similar to that which had interviewing and explaining to formed “Stinky’s” shroud. ROTC seniors the opportunities of- The evidence was submitted to fered to ROTC graduates by the ernbryo detectives, and the bloodAir Corps. hounds howled again as they took Graduating ROTC seniors who up the chase—this time turning to- • have majored in aeronautical or ward official action by consulting mechanical engineering or business the West Lafayette police, administration may apply for com- Chief Burns,, after hearing the missions in the non-rated Air Corps story and learning that the stu-
dents wanted to prefer chai'geS of peVit larceny, assigned an officer to the case to aid in the luinhing
down of the ghouls.
The trail now led toward the Fieldhouse where the track .teaitt was preparing to participate ii) the
(Continued on page 2)
'J’lie advance mail order sale of season reserved seats for the home basketball schedule will be opened today and Will continue through Monday, Dec. 1. The season reserved seats, that will entitle purchasers to preferential tickets for pH home games, are priced at $8.00, including tax. There will be no direct solicitation for ticket sale.s, and all orders must reach the ticket <»ffice by Dec. 1 in order to he tilled in the season block. Clinic On Personalit'y To Meet This Afternoon YWCA Personality Clinic, will meet in the YWCA office today at 4 1). m. ■ ■ All members of the orgu ation ure-requested to l):;ing all material jPertsiining to peisonaiily ami 'gvooming.
By Jane Ramsdell Physical preparedness has recently taken a spot light of national importance. Women as well as men must be physically prepared and the university is cooperating by offering a new course in physical education for the junior and senior women. Alice Marble has been put in charge of the national drive to get the American women in top notch physical shape, and she believes the way to health is an increased interest in participation in sports of other forms of outdoor exercise. Open To Juniors, Seniors This new course has recently been approved by President Elliott and the Executive Committee. It will be an elective open only to junior and senior women who havp completed the requirement, and will be offered beginning the second semester of this year for the first time. Students in this new course may choose their activity from any in
the seasonal program of the required course. The class work will be plemented by outside readings appropriate to the activity or pertaining to physical education in ah A time will be aiTahged the group in which they will meet tO discuss their readings under the guidance of Prof. Helen W. Razelton. 'rhis course will carry one semester credit in place of the tWftthird hour credit of the reqalred course.' Course Stimulates Participation It is intended that the (MtpraA should stimulate continued ^staeilatic participation in physical activities during the junior and sehld? years. The.re will also Be an tot-’ tempt made to increase the tthderstanding on the part of the of the relationship. hetweeh cal activitiy and mental and Pi^^cal health. ; , :’ N
Purdue Exponent
Tuesdayy November 18^
’^^thy rte 5rf. €0lu|i||i
’■ This’ fall students were demanding that cross country should be detcoted to the miiior Sports class, a position that it held prior to the all-campus election last sprijng when tennis, golf, swimming, and wrestling became j(ttiJor Sports. Yesterday the 1941 edition of the tJniversity cross country team proved it #hs 'woi'lhy of the major sports rank. Six Boilermakers finished yesterday’s fournafle grind-over the University clover-leaf, fpur ihen were in the first seven. Five of these six men brought Purdue its first Big 'i'feTi cross country win in twenty-five years. The squad gave Purdue students an unbeaten record of which to boast. To Ed Holderman, 'iiVoQdy Appleton, Don Kemp, Darrel Roach, Keith McLaughlin, and Bob Jarvis, Purdue says thanks. To Hermon Phillips, congratu-
lations on a swell season.
’' Purdue students might well get behind this
pnheaten group of men, who each night go out that Germany is taking 1,8Q0,000 quarts of red and
...v, ..... , I President Roosevelt has stated that we need more taxes for, our defense pi'oduction. Since in the past we’ve had drives called/‘Finnish Relief Fund” ;and “Greek Relief Fund”—after a few more taxes this country may have another drive called “Taxpa,yers’ Relief Fund!” . .!< # * ' Our papers are calling the United States, Britain, China, and the Dutch the ABCD powers. We have thought up a name (that we can print) for Hitler’s gang and the conquered countries. You take Italy, Germany, Rumania, Austria, Belgium, Lithuania,. Albania, Norway, and Denmark and you get—I GRAB LAND! . . From New Orleans comes the report that Ijhe army buried 10,000,000 tin cans while on maneiivers in the Louisiana area. In the near future the army may do away, with chefs and use more engineers. Someone has to know how to work these ■ modern can-
-openei's!
Those Frenchmen sure are bewildered. It seems
By Drew Pearson and Rohert S. Allen
wasn’t another skinVof-the-teeth victory as was the'draft, extension
■measure last summer.
: It . was .Flynn’s quiet , behind-the-scenes work, particUiarly with the New York delegation,,and I’o* the President’s iast-minute, lettei^promising forceful action on the disturbed labor front, that swung enough votes to save the Adnijnis-
Twenty-0ne lighters ,
(Continued froni' -page/l.);., / Remain In Military Boxing Tournament
waterboys, Thuerk ' arid Sb'dihgf ■' house, repaired "the playei’s iWfth lipstick, powder -and perfumeiy Broken nails were carefully attend- ■
Semi-final round of the Freshman ed to by the thoughtful referee.
tration from another hair-line ma- Boxing Tournament was held last Cigarettes and cokes of a pure
night in the Armory in order to to revive the po(),p'ed
narrow the field of contenders to gUds.
three men in each of the seven Much Spinach weight classes. Each bout consisted With grim faces, the Pi KA’s rcof. tv^^o pnerminute rounds.; , ceiyed the kickoff in the: third quar1 The 21 contenders remaining ter and brought the ruvitilated hgll from,the; original field of more than dpwn to the“Maulers’”; 45 'yai;d 600 entries arc as follows: line. From then oh the “Susies” 115 Pound Class fought valiantly, but scored only Principals—J. M, Pearson, Bat- five points to the Pi Phi’s'additional
tery H-4; D. W. Hughes, Battery' six
John Lewis, Relatives Get $48,500 Yearly Froirti CIO; F|ynn‘'’Puts U.S. Upil'y
. =, %ASlilNGTO'N,‘Nbv:i:7, Srrmr fou7m- more miles jusF for fun.. dSiS^
You’ve got to like running to do that night
night.
Next week the isquad will go to East Lansing, Michigan, for the national cross country run. They go in undefeated. All Purdue'hopes that they will come out with the Same unblemished record.
jority.
Flypii’s yeoman efforts Were particularly notable because only the week before, he ih^id taken a resounding public Rebuff from the Pri^sident in the Nqw (Ypfk iCity niayqralty fight. Rqosey.elf’s endorsement of LaGuardia, repealed, on the qve of the elficfion, was bifter medicine to Flynn, who was yigorojush’ hacking P’Uwyer. Rupin* contrast;tq the group of southern congressmen, who bolted to the isolationists because of personal pique over the labor situation, Fly,nil rolled up his, sleeyes .when llppseYeit sent him an SOS and went to bat with everything
he had.
D-4. I Alternate^—A. W. Wheeler, Battery B-3. • . 125 Pound Class .
Beyond doqbt the “Susies” did U-y to,'win ,th'e, ganie, hdf as Capf. Martin gasped ' as he was ' being carried out . op a stretcher, ■ just couldn’t help ourselves in fropt
Enscoh.sed in a hideaway office of
They mix it 60-40, so if you feel like going out on a
bender, all you have to do is go to a gas station and; of Congress padding their official say fill me up! - payrolls with relatives, nepotism
1= * has become classified in the public
It has just been revealed that England is paying mind as a peculiarly congressional
Marshal Petain a regular annuity of $2,400. Either in.stitution. , _ McCormack. To tery A-2. Hitler, is paying him -more, or Petain doesn’t know However, this gravy-tram prac- Flynn made only one argu- 145 p„i,nd class which hand is feeding him, or he khow.s which hand lice is not copfined to. the denizens Principals—0 W MorriFson, Bat-
Principals—J. B. Benzenbower, - „ ,,,,, Battery C-3; R. P. Fisher, Battery of those spmach-eating. .Maulers.?, C-2. . - , ^ -■ ■ Alternate—None determined. . .
135 Pound Class
Principals—F. S. Alexander, Bat-
Speaker Sain Rayburn, Ffynn talked tery H-3;'J. C. Loshbaugli, Battery
to small groups of waverers brought p.c
off the nearby floor by Democratic Alternate—W. A. Korner, Bat-
is holding the gun in his hack! r.t.e.
HoofAnd Horn To Hold Aviation Engineer ^little Inlernational' W»//Address ASMf
Home Ec|t|ff litends
Show Tonight At 7:30 “Little International” Livestock show, .sponsored by the Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry club, will lie'held tonight at 7:30 in the Livestock Judging Pavilion on the University farm. Purpose of the show is to give students, faculty and townspeople a preview of the animals tO’be shown at the International Livestock show to be held in Chicago during the week of November
29 to December 5.
Discussion Accompanies Show Members of the animal bu.«band-
Mrs. Jeanette Parvis,- Mrs.''Ruth Hamlin, and Miss Kathryn Jewett of the home economics education
m.vAlnniTipnt attended the State Student
Teaching Conference at DePauw University yesterday. Mrs. Parvis
nmetingoYtheAmerican Society of chairman of a panel on: prob-
lems of student teachers of home economics and industrial arts.
Next Monday At7:30 R. D. Kelly, ME ’25, superinten
dent of en.gineerin
for the United Air Lines, will speak on “Future Air Transports” at the
Mechanical Engineers Monday evening at 7:30 p. m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Build-
ing.
Others attending from here were Kathryn Ade, Helen Albright, Mary Lou Haswell, and Jeanne Lehman, student teachers in home econom-
ics, r.m.f.
At the meeting moving pictures on the Douglass DC-4 transport plane will be shown. At the present time, Kelly is delivering a series of talks on air transportation to Aero
E 2 classes.
Following his graduation Kelly
woi'ked for the material division of posed to the increasing interstate the U; S; Air Corps at Wright Field j. • -u • 1 Y
„ , „ „ , , , , commerce restrictions being adoptry staff and Hoof and Horn club at Dayton, Ohio, and later worked . , ' members will comment on the stock his way up through the United Sys- yaiious states. The leso uas it is led around the arena. Fifteen tera to his present position. His spe- 'tcon stated that the fraternity would sheep, Representing Southdown, eialty has been altimeter and aid any organization which is striv-
SDX behgates (Continued from page 1)
Hampshire, and Shropshire breeds, barometers, e.k.
will be shown and discussed. Ten fat steer.? repr^enting Hereford, Shorthorn, and the Angus breeds will make their initial debut, and 40 barrows representing the five
major breeds will be .shown. Horses Will Be Shown Here Tw.elve horses, repiesenting the
FreshrnM H^r Talks By Adivitigs Workers Second meeting of four nieetings
ing to restore, the “traditional American policy of free trade and travel in and among the 48 states.” The resolution cited the various acts of legislation which have introduced state tariffs and have now impeded national defen.se and national unity
in many states.
of Capitol Hill. It also is to be found
in other high places. One of them is the CIO.
John L. Lewis, whose captive coal mines strike precipitated a national crisis and , a hpycptt by CIO leaders Pf the government’s defense labor-peace machinery, has one of the, fatest nepotism
records in Washington.
In addition to himself, three of his close relatives,, are drawing down paychecks that make a miner’.s $7 a day look like chicken feed. The total “take’’ of the family would make a bank president
envious.
Because of the closely guarded secrecy cloaking CIO and United Mine Worker finances, it is not possible to state positively what all the four Lewises are paid. Requests for this information have been’repeatedly refused. However, from official reports and informed CIO and U'MW sources, the following figures
were obtained.
John L. Lewis,, as president of the UM W $25,000 A. D. ("Denny”) Lewis, brother, head of the United Construction
Workers
Kathryn Lewis, daughter, secretary of Local 50, UMW J. Raymond Bell, brother-in-law, comptroller of th^ CIO/
“The nation’s security is at stake tery F-1; C. Ki'asienko, Battery E-il. on this vote,” he said. “Under these Alternate—A. W. P.eters, Battery
circumstances all other considera- F-1.
tions must be laid aside. Whatever 160 Foun^ Cla.ss your personal grievances are, as pa- Principals—F. F. Baker, Battery 'triotic Americans you must uphold F-2; J. R. Treamor, Battery D-3. national unity in this crisis.” Alternate—J. G. Year, Battery
To the New Yorkers, who were A-1.,
still boiling mad over what they 175 Pound Class considered the President’s “unwar- Principals—R. E. Culver, Battery ranted intrusion” in the majoralty C-4; C. D. Coil, Battery E-3.
scrap, Flynn declared that national Alternate intei'ests came before local politics. C.-2. '
This plea coming from him had tell- Heqvyweight Class ing effect and kept a number of the Principals—W. C. Blanks, Bat
'Today—7 p. m. Pi Beta. Phi. Chi Oinega. Kappa Kappa Gamma. Kappa Alpha Theta. Alpha Chi Omega. P,elta Gamma. , Alpha Xi Delta. Phi Mu. . .
Ward Touchball . . . games are played with six
B. S. Allen, Battdi'y nien,not .with nine, tis some mem-
bers have been doing. .
10,000
7,500
6,000
Total“take” ,$48,500
All three relatives owe their jobs to John L., who appointed them. Before being elevated to. secretary ,of
Undergraduate Awards
Percheron and Belgian breeds, will for freshmen interested in activities . Undergraffi'ate awards were be shqwn, hut they will not make was held yestei'day in the we.st fac- made in competition among college the trip to Chicago with the rest of ulty lounge of the Union. The.se ,publications represented by the unthe livestock as no breeding stock meetings are sponsored by the Ac- dergraduate chapters. The follow-
of any kind is shown by the Univer- tivities Bureau and feature student ing awards were presented at the Local 50, Miss Lewis for many year.? sity. Admission to the “Little Inter- speakers from various activities final convention banquet: straight UMW payroll as her .j national” .show is free, c.j.w. . who acquaint .students with their .news reporting, Wisconsin; edito- i'ather’s confidential secretary. As ’^.j^g fj , ' activities and also an open forum at .Hal writing, Texas; and sports tionists and has introduced a bill which questions may be asked. .vriting, Syracuse. designed to put an end to the abuses.
Three Speakers Stowe Wins Award
delegation on the reservation.
• Merry-Go-Round
The Air Corps is experimenting with a new type of autogyro that makes a vertical ascent without a running take-off. By using two sefs of horizontal propellors, the plane can hover motionless in mid-air. Its big drawback is slow forward speed. ... A confidential Commerce Department report estimates that by the fall of 1942, 6,000,000 workers will be employed in defense industries. The number is now 1,500,000. . . . House Democratic Loader John McCormack is one of the fastest dictators on the Hill. His office staff calls, him “letter-a-minute” man. . . . Jimmj^ Roosevelt, assistant to Col. William Donovan, Co-Ordinator of Information, is studying German as a special student at a Washin.gton university. . . . Out of 531 members of Congress th.e only one who has done anything about putting a halt to the outrageous abuses of the franking privilege, recently exposed, is Wisconsin’s Republican •Senator Alexander Wiley. Although himself an isolationist, Wiley
tery H-2; C. W, Close, Battery E-4. Alternate—H. G. Wiednian, Bat-
tery S-2. r.e.f.
Miss Indiana
TODAY - WEDNESDAY ,^rRANCIS Site MW WHO II^HIMRU henry STEPHENSON S.Z.SAKAIJ. NILS ASTHER SARAH PADDEN DOROTHY TREE
LUMA TODAY - \y|D.— 2 Htrs Here comes that Fightin’Person and a Whole flock of thrill^! .
. —Also— ;'WHITE EAGLE" SERIAL
(Continued fiom page 1) Big Ten meet (they lost to Purdue, by the way). Cars hailing from Indiana University had already been spotted by the Rover Boys, but it was decided to return some sort of good for evil by waiting until after the meet before taking any official
action.
'Tracksters Trapped
When confi'onted with accusa-
.Three speakers were heard at the : .Leland Stowe, of the Chicago
determines their vote in the annual
meeting. Irving Smulevitz; repre- Daily News Service, was awarded convention, now in progress in De-
sented the Independent, Mary Hen- the fraternity distinguished-service ly the Debris, and Lee Ruffner the medal in foreign correspondence for
In addition to their salaries, John
Exponent.
Potter Will Address Engineers Meeting
his story on the betrayal of Norway; L-> Denny and Miss Lewis also other awards went to Basil Brewer, expense accounts. CIO insid-
publisher of the New Bedford,
Mass., Standard Times and Mercury, for his series of articles on .defense problems; Allen Drury, of
ers say that these too run into big
money.
Note—Webster define.? nepotism as “favoritism shown to nephews
(Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
asa- Deans A, A. Potter and W. A.
tions, the entire group protested Knapp of the School of Engineering niocracies’ war aims; and Cecil their innocence in a very suspicious will attend the annual Indiana En- Brown, CBS foreign correspondent way, but after the first car had been gineers’ Convention at Indianapolis for Ifis story reporting the pai aKcarchcd and the horrible evidence November 28 and 29. chute invasion of Crete, found, they admitted their guilt, but At the luncheon Saturday, Nov. .Archibald Wins Prizes offered no excuse for the heinous 29, Dean Potter will address the In the undergraduate photogra-
crinie, members on the theme, “Defense The body was reassembled by Training in Engineering Science
skilled morticians and the evidences and Management.”
Bakersfield, Calif., for his editorial i'M‘‘Lves in Gie line of
calling for a statement of the rie
of mutilation mercifully sheilded Dean Knapp, president of the In- feature pictures,
by the shroud. It was then placed diana Engineering Cpuncil, one of Palmer Hoj't, publisher of the in it.s position of state in the Gi'eat the two organizations to hold its Portland Oregonian, was named
annual meeting at this time, will president of the fraternity for the
Final rites tor the poor gii l will preside at a banquet the preceding year 1942-43 at the final executive
he held tonight at the pep .session evening as well as at the technical session, when the body will he cremated. sessions, w.e.h. session, j.l.t.
patronage, disbursements, conferring of favors, etc.” . ,
• Party Stalwart
That 18-vote House majority for the neutrality revision bill would have been a lot less if it hadn’t been for quiet-spoken Democratic Na-
phy contest Lawrence Archibald of Chairman Ed Flynn, la.st, year’s Exponent staff' took, two President can thank hi!; handthjrd place awards for sports and political lieutenant that the
outcome on this momentous tight
fijUidfis, ^xpomnL All-American 1940-'4l
Entpced ap seconiT cla-s.s matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, lOjl?, authorized January 20, .1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.,50 per year, mail subpiirlptiops, $4.00.
Editor-Jn-Chlef.. Nen/u Bditur fSparlt EdUvr
..Ned A. Ochiltree Business Manager.. ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor... PhiJ Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers Leland W. Ruffner ..........Ruth Rose
Publication Staff ■ Associate Editors staf; J. p. Amos, J, H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, 1,4. 1. Jones, K. G. Kieper 8fiK9: O. T. Clark, J. D. Frasor. J. S. KeeJer. Cued SUIT; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chat(ieJd, Jane HamijdeU.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Sioss; Office Manager: ^ee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. IC. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. - : Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin.
; PliHkfH; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 j Edilvriai After 10 P. M-. 5377
Rcprcst'iitcd for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Im;., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Yorli, N. V.
JNIldlt.I^ditor: Armstrong iiutuc jkdilur: Pisdicr
Staff for This Issue • Day Editor; Ramsdell Reporters: H. K. Kckstein. J, l.avier. D, I,. Claspie, J. T. C. ,1., Willnn-, li. M. K(,rd. W. K. Huston, fi. W. Bports Editor. Kctler hlajr, 1‘. S'enherg, K. ipujiicmoi'e, R. W. Ki'ieger, C. M. J''ottor, 1). K. Brewer.
Dr. A. M. Irion —.dentist— 11:9 Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone. 4965
14RM£T« A LAUGH-LOADED ROMANTIC SPREE!
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
ALICE HYB ' lOHN PAYNE i CAWMEN MIRANOit CESAR ROMERO
PATRONIZE EXPONENT f ADVERTISERS
Joseph Schiidkraut • Porter Hall Henry KalKor • Janet Beecher Paul Hurst — ALSO —
IT^S DRAMATIC
NOW SHOWING TWO FEATURE HITS
*e%Sk% 3 in i
THRILLS!
Ai PKidM
FIRST CHOICE
of Good Dressers
Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
Laundry
r I N E CLEANERS OF P I N E C L 0 THE^ 4 i'll ■ vV n h'5 '•^ Wilt Of Indiana F|ni$|ias
5” ‘ “ , ipy’^Jc^n K^elfer," A'8goc'i4te Editor ' ' -*? «•. Clix^axing their long serifes of victories, which has yet to be mfttrted this season by defeat, the Riveter cross country Squad late yesterday morning annexed their first Big Ten crown since|1916. Indiana finished, in .second place with 51 points, compared to tbe 33 amassed by Coach Phillips’ la^s. The race, in which five teams of six men each were entered, was won by durable littlp Fred Wilt of Indiana who led Riveter captain Ed Holderman almost all of the way and finished ip the gqod time of 20:01. With Holderman taking sedpnd place, two Illinois men followed to Kemp .nd Eoach pr.=tle.Ily cinched put tn6ir school on the athletic title for the Boileimakers by map of the Big Ten by coming trotting home in the fifth, sixth and
in third and fourth.
There was almost as much differencee between secood and third place in team scores as there was Iretween first and second, for the Buckeyes from OSU trailed the Hoosiers and their 67, with 72 points to take third in the Conference meet. Illinois followed closely with 78 and last were the Badgers
from Wisconsin with 90. Riveters Cinch It Here
Things looked bad for the Boilermakers aftei the first few runneis had come in under the line. Clarence Dunn and Bob Rehberg of the Illini, while literally dragging their team
seventh spots. Nice Running!
By lar the most thrilling finish of the entire meet came as Keith McLaughlin of the Riveters matched stiide for stride with Howard Henry of Indiana for all of the last giijelling lOO yafds and then, in the last few feet, managed to find an extra ounce of ijvhgaties somewhere about h^s person to enable him to win by little more than a hair. Holderman, 'vvboh ^11 week has been botheied with a bad cold, finished well back of Wilt to take second. However, in spite of his weakened condition he was able to main-
out of the lafet place berth latgr tain a comfortable margin over Hfallen into by Wisconsin, almost hnois runner Clarence Dunn, over pt'oved the downfall of the Riveters, most of the latter half of the race. The above mentioned Illinois run- This was the first time that the ners came home in the third and Riveters, or lor that matter most fourth spots and it was at this point of the teams entered, have had a that Riveter power showed to its chance to see what each could do utmost advantage as Appleton, (Continued on page 4)
With the season opener Iput fhtee weeks away, the Riveter net squad is practicing fast and furiously to get into shape. Piggy Lambert, in ^iis 24th seaspn as co^ch of yarsity haskgtball, is trying out different combinations to woik in the newcomers. Now that the football sea-son is practtcaljy over, the services of Frosty Sprowl, Bob Johnson and Rph Chester wijl be gvailalple. Blanken, Neutzel, Tierney, Caress, Conrad, Polk and Adams will also be on the squad, haviqg suryiyed the final cut. The juniors include Fields, Riley, Hoffman, Keifer and Kraippe. The men from iast yeaj’s fiosh team are Seaborg, Lawsqn, Wiight, Menke, Swantz, Brower and Friend. A1 Menke, brother 'of the Indiana Menkes, is a newcomer and will probably see some action in future games. , This year begins a new series of conference games. Foi the first time, each team in the conference will play a two gains series with six teams and the remaining three will be opposed in single games. The Boilet makers will meet Wisconsin, Indiana and Illinois only once^ this season. The Riveter net squad will open the basketball season by playing Wabash College on December 8. Following this game, several intersectional games will be played before the conference games are slated g m.p.
Jhank&qjjomcf, . ' MEHTS TURKEYS—Plump young toms with plenty of good rich meat. STEAKS—Delicious sirloin steaks. RIB ROAST—Grade A roast that is really tender. OTHER INEXPENSIVE DELICIOUS FRESH MEATS
CITY MEAT MARKET
Ferry Street (Opposite Post Office)
' Phone 5372
0m!t LET US SEND THE FURDUE EXPONENT DAILY TO THE FAMILY ONLY $3.50 DROP IN THE EXPONENT OFFICE
► Harder Is^ One Of The Beat If we were asked to name the best afi around player in fhe eight gi idiron contests which w^ have witnessed this season we would unhesitatingly choose Patrick (Hit ’Em) Haider. Yes, even ovei DeCorrevont, Graham, Blumenstock, Andrejeo, “Special Delivery” Jones, Scott, and Filipowicz. This fighting sophomore fullback is the most aggressive back we have ever seen, the driving type of fullback with fhe open field shiftiness of a swivel-hipped halfback who warms the heart of even his opponents just to watch him peiform. His driving, fighting foi eveiy inch, unwillingness to admit that any tackier, or gioup of tac)clers, could ever bring him to a complete stop makes him the number one boy on our four stai list. ^ Thfy Weren't So Pofent In fact this Triskmap was the main difference between the two teams. He collected 171 yards by rushing, almost twice as much as the entire Boilermaker team, tn addition he .snagged a Badgei pass foi eight yards and mteicepted a Boilermaker aerial foi good yardage. The rest of the Badger team didn’t impress us as being of as good calibre as several of the other teams whom the Boilermakeis have faced this year. , ^ Not As Good As Hsilenbrand - As much 8s the Madisonites think of Harder, they almost unanimously admit that he isn’t as good as Billy Hillenbrand. To think of having to face a back that is even better than Haidei makes cold chills lun up our backs. ► That Blocked Punt The blocked punt that gave the Badgers their first touchdown wgs aImo.st an exact duplication of the safety which gave the Buckeyes the victory agains't the Boilermakeis several weeks ago. Cook intercepted a Wisconsin pass on the one yard line and ran back to the seven. Hajzyk dropped back into the end zone to punt, the kick was deftly blocked by Schreiner, who immediately fell on the ball, this time in the end zone instead of beyond it. We talked to Schieiner, who was game captain, and who, incidentally, is one of the greater ends this yeai, shortly after the game about the blocked punt. He stated that he lined up wide on the play, pulling the opposing end with him. Anticipating the snap of the ball he said that he ran toward the center of the line and cut just as the ball was snapped. He added thqt he was not molested in any way by any opposing blocker. Take this for what it’s worth. ► Rushing Total — 89 Yards At the start of the game it looked like the Boilermakers were going to run all over the Badgers. Petty lan 21 yards up to midfield and then the attack failed. Three plays later Beito took the ball on the Purdue 24 and ran beautfully to the Badger 35. Chester and Petty made nine and a half yards, and then Petty lacked a first down by inches. That was the last time the Boileimakers got that close. They only ciossed, midfield once after that. ► In this series of plays in these fiist nine minuses of play, Berto, Petty, and Chester made a total of 70 yards with no losses. The total net gain for lushing was 89 yards. Therefoie, they played the remainder of the game for 19 yards. It looked like the Boilermakers lost a tremendous head of steam by missing a first down by as many inches as you can signify on your hand. ► Bully For The Cross Country tads Yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker hill and dale party continued their supremacy by quite decisively trouncing on the best the Big Ten could offer and keep their competitive slate unblemished for the entire year. It was a great job of running, a truly deserving victory if th^re ever was one. Only one more honoi is available for them to win, the National Intercollegiate next week at Michigan State. To win that means they have no peers in the nation. Good luck, gang.
kivetfrs Itgin Fpr Fray HoQ#|ei$ ^ ' ■ / Bf Bob Krteger ’ " ^ f 'J As the gridiron campaign entered its final week, the ermakers began preparations for the Hoosier State's annual pigskin “civil war,” the Old Oaken Racket battle with Indiana, whiclf will be held at Bloomington next Saturday. This contest wiP be the 44th in a series which dates back to 1391. The results to date of this long feud show 24 victories'for the Riveters, 14 triumphs for the Cream and Crimson, and five ties. In 1894, the Hoosiers forfeited the contest ' to the Boilermakers. We do IM Schedula not know the actual reason for ^
this, but since the first three games saw the Cream and Ciimson finish on the short end by scores of 60 to 0, 68 to 0, and 64 to 0, we can see there is a possibility that they may hqve become slightly discouraged.
]y]|eIton Out
The Boilermaker trainer, Lon Mann, revealed yesterday that cocaptain Tom Melton, the brilliant Riveter guard, injured his knee so badly in last Saturday’s fracas with the Badgers that he wllll be unable to see any further action. All the lemaining members of the squad are expected to be in good enough shape to play on Saturday, if called
upon.
The Boilermakers’ practice yesterday afternoon consisted of a long offensive drill, featuring dummy scilmmage and forward passing. The linemen put in a long session on the tackling dummies, and those membeis of the squad who have not played much this season engaged in heavy scrimmqge. The Indiana attack, which is built around their sensational sqphomoie left halfback, Billy (The Kid) Hillenbrand, is extremely potent, both on the ground and through the
air.
Not So Hot—So Far To date, the Hoosiers, who aie coached by Bo McMillan, the illustrious member of Centre College’s famed Praying Colonels, have compiled a record which shows a 14 to 7 defeat by Detioit, a 19 to 6 loss to Notie Dame, a 20 to 14 setback at the hands of Texas Chiqstian, a 21 to 13 triumph over Nebraska, a 27 to 25 loss to Wisconsin, a 13 to 7 defeat by Iowa, and another 20
SQUASH—TODAY
Coart 1
Phi Kappa Pbi
Acacia
Phi Delta Theta
Court 2
Phi Kappa Tau Alpha Tau Orhegra
Phi Kappa
Court 8
Phi Sigma Kappa
Phi Gam
BASKETBALL—TODAY
(Regular Games) Court 1—Bill Gar«<j'
Phi Kai^pa v3. Alpha Sigma Bhl Fhi Kappa Sigma vs. Pi iiappa ^^Ipha Alpha Tau Omega Delta Tau Delta ■' Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tau
Court 2—J Zehring
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi
Triangle Vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Delta Chi vs Kappa Si*»Tna, Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa
Court 3—W. Nuetzet
Theta Xi vs. Alpha Gamipa Rho Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Nu Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi Acacia vs Kappa Delta Rho
TOUCHBALL—TODAY Field 8—Wood-PIumnier
Si'^ma Ch^ vs Delta Tau’ Delta or Phi
Gamma Delta
FielQ 10—Meyer-Rafferty Alnha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi or Tau Epsilon Phi. ^
Field 11—Belt-Olds Waid 33 \s Ward 24.
7 00 7 45 8.d0 7:00 7 .45 8-30
7*00 7*15 8*00 8.15 7:00 7:15 8.00 8 15
to 14 loss at the hands of North-
western.
To say that Billy Rillenbrand, whose gridiron exploits bring joy to the heqrt of his wi^ojyed mother who operates a grocery storo in Evansville, is a triple threat back IS the rankest kind of understatement. After watching Billy’s performance against Northyirestern, Lynn Waldorf, the Wildcat mentor, tabbed the EvansviRe flash, as the finest back he had seen this s^SiOn. This statement was made by Waldorf after he had already watched such gi id luminaries as Rruce Smith and Bud Higgins of the
(Continued on page 4)
Have fun-be friendly Treat yourself and others to fresh-tasting Wrigley’s Spearmint Gum The Flavor Lasts
SUPER-QUIGK SEEVIGE At the Coffee Shop, you'll find fine food, deliciously prepared, and well served, so quickly that you'll wonder how its done! Short orders and complete meals — at surprisingly low
prices.
THE GOFFEE
SHOP
The Union’s Newest Eating
'"hi
fijUAduSL TI/lmufimL Idjwm. ^The Corner of the Campus--^ Yet the Center of Activities
riiifj
\
sf ^
1 <i1 I
Ui i '* " -1 '^■'C { ;, ! ih
Mr^%Mt^V 'Mf ,
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday9 November 18^ 1941^
SaajuJtinq, ike, SkopA,
By Jeannie Lauer
“LEST YOU THINK . . .
that Smith's sells only shoes, let me remind you that hosiery and handbags are also on the list of things to he bought here. For only one dollar you can buy a paitof long-wearing, truly lovely hose, made of eithei Nylon or French De Chine Handbags of alligatoi, kid, or fabric, complete with lining and Talon zippers, sell at this same low puce. So remenibei that
Letter To Editor Belly Wason To Speak
Al Special Universily Convoceiion On Dec. 7
Few persons who were unable to buy Little Movie Convo tickets at the doors of the Hall of Mustc Tuesday night, and were also denied the hope of getting tickets later, can understand why The reason is this The numbei of tickets printed was determined by the maximum
Associated Women Students has announced a special convocation featuring Betty Wason, HE ’33,
capacity of Fowlei Hall m which f f correspondent, to be we had oiiginally planned to hold ^ ^
the Music Hall The convocation
Smith's 18 more than just a shoe store, and when you next are look- our subscription senes of film pro- . . j + .r, u J Will be open to students with pass-
ing for hose or handbags, diop in to see then complete line.
WHY WASTE TIME
in small details tif preparing and serving foods, when the manufacturers of today are making life so simple and so easy ^ In the field of electrical appliances, for instance, vast steps have been taken towards efficient and time-saving equipment. Loddes carries a full line of these many appliances including percolators, tea-sets.
grams Because of certain fire reg- , , ,,
ulations, the Hall was later found and those with season convo-
to be unuseable for our purposes, ic e s
and not until November 10 after Miss Wason returned frdm Euour subscription quota was entirely this summer She has the recsold out, were we given permission having reached the front line to use the Hall of Music of fighting in this war more often
Senior KOTC Students A representative of the Army Air Corps Matericls Division Wright Field Dayton Ohio will be in room 102 Armory, beginning 9 00 a m on Tuesday Nov 18 The purpose tor the meeting will be interviewing June giad uating ROTC students who aie interested in being commissioned in the Air Corps (non rated) All students are also advised that there will be a meeting at 4 p m November jl8 for those interested in Army Air Corps (Non rated) —GRAHAM Zouave Actives and Pledges Formal initiation Monday Novembei 24 at 6 30 p m in room 106 of Aimory Banquet following
—GRAF
Radio Club Meet Tuesday Novembei 18 at 7 30 p m in room 5 of the E E build mg Theory classes will be continued
—MILES
Pi Tau Sigma New initiates can obtain keys from me at Triangle Fraternity Keys are on my desk Please check initials
—SHANE
Union Sophomore Workers There will be a committee meeting Monday Nov 24 of the following people Chestnutt Gwinn Carr Adams Alter Christy MacDonald and Gee —WORD
please meet in main lounge of Union at 6 30 p fn —VOLLMFR Camera Club Exhibitors please call for contest prints in Student Union Office be tween 4 and 0 p m —HOFFER
WAA Hockey No All Star game Tue^(*ay Nov l8 —BLAGRAVE
Kappa Delta PI 18 at 7 30 p n Union
Mecttnpr Tuesday Nov in room 212 of the
-Hayes
YWCA All social Service workers come to meeting in the Y office Tuesday Nov 18
at 4 p ni Important „ — —-
—BALL week Thursday Nov YWCA Personality Clinic Meeting Tues
day Nov 18 at 4 p m in YWCA office
All members of the YWCA personality
group to bring mateiial about personality and grooming Meeting (pen to any coeds on campus fac Ity men and especially Y
members
—PARTENHEIMER
Sophomore Mechanical Engineers! BHng slide rule to the ME 90 lecture next
77 —CLARK
Alpha Zeta Pledges Attend special meet ing Tuesday Nov 18 at 4 p m in Public ity Office in the Experiment Station Spe eiahwork to be done Yo i 11 like it \ —SWAIM
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting 7 30 p m Tuesday Nov 18 in room 307 of the Union
—SIGLER
Engineering Students c Tliero will be ^ meeting of the ASME on Monday, Npv 24 in room 207 of the Mechanfpal Engine^ ing Building at 7 30 p m Mr, R Di Kelly of United Air Lines will speaH On Futuie Air Transports MovleB of the DC 4 will be shown For an interestiljg talk come to this meeting on the ntst day
after the Thanksgiving vacatmn
—TOPINKA
We aie pi evented fiom selling tickets at the doors or having moie ticket books printed “after the fiist
than any other woman correspondent She has been in Czechoslovakia, Finland, Noiway, Rumania,
Newman Club Nov 18 and 19
No discussion meetings —RUNNION
waflEle-irons, coffee makers, and night tiays Made of a non-tarnish- any announced senes has been ^'^^key, and Greece
able metal that lesemhles chiomium, and trimmed with black
bakehte, these deuces aie most decorative as well as most ef- York Museum of Modern ficient. Film Library fiom which most
of our films were piocuied
IF THERE-S ONE THING A GIRL The film Libiaiy is a non comNEVER HAS ENOUGH OF meicial organization not owning. It s suielv sweaters No mattei how many she may but having custody of the motion 014n, a glance at a sweater counter always creates pictuies they are privileged to rent a desire for a new sweater Alan’s rs eertarnly the The film Library is permitted to place to do this glancing . fol then sports wear rent films in their custody only foi department boasts practically every type of sweater educational purposes, namely the
Eyewitness Account
She has broadcast from Norway and Greece for CBS and has been a specral contrrbutor to many magazrnes Miss Wason was the first correspondent to give an eyewitness story of Norway’s invasion This summer when she was on her way out of occupied Greece she was arrested and held by the Nazis Miss Wason is being brought to
Sifirma Delta Chi Members and Pledges Extremely important meeting Tuesday aft ernoon Nov 18 at 4 15 in the Exponent office It would be an excellent accomplish ment if every one were to attend Those who want keys please bung the requued money —TRAUGOTT Undergraduate Dames Club Formal mi tiation Tuesday Nov 18 at West Lafayette Country Club All members and ruahboards
Comfort and Security , Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned ' 4lh and Ferry Sts. Lafdyette
under the sun Lovely laige-knit cardigans, coming study of the history, technique, and ^ com-
111 such delectable shades as the new glaze green, a vibrant red, and esthetic of the movies an eye-stopping yellow, cost hut $3 98 This is typical of the grand The guild is sponsor ing the Little buys to be found at Alan’s from a sweater collection that includes Movie Convos as one of then several argyls, cable-weaves, loose-knit coat type, fine-knit cardigans and activities to increase geneial cam slip overs and twin sets pus appreciation for the aits Be-
cause the guild and the student un
THE TRAMP OF MARCHING FEET ion aie financed by the Memorial does not limit itself to the Armory, and the men, but extends to Union, there is, further, no object the fcoeds as well I’m speaking of the march of booted feet that m our commercializing the Movie goes forward on these wet and snowy days These rubber boots Convos oi any other joint project for the girls have taken on a patriotic air, and are now available for the financial gam of the groups in red, white, or blue And in addition to adding a stylish note to We aie as sorry as are the several rainy-day apparel, they are oh, so practical At the Fos/iiore you can hundred campus persons, that no purchase a pair for only $3 95 further subscriptions foi oui senes
aie obtainable Because of existing
WHETHER THEY BE AS BIG AS A SUITCASE . conditions, our purpose to offer the
or as small as an anvelope, handbags appeal to any public “art for everyone ’ has to a woman Some buy them for decorative purposes, certain extent, been thus obviously others for purely practical motives but no mat- defeated in this case
Bob Parks, Director Puttering Shops for the Student Ait Guild, Puidue Student Union
ter which type you prefer, the decorative or the practical, you’ll find it at Queen City The most exciting in a collection that includes broadcloths, coid-
moys, corded silks, cowhides, and capeskins, is the “Kiltie Kit”, an enormous purse of red, rust, oi black broadcloth, lined in plaid The spacious flap and interior hold zipper compartments for change and papers, and spaces for cigarettes, notebook, pencil, and
matches.
At 41,
SOMETHING NEW . . SOMETHING DIFFERENT along the jerkin line has been added at Loeb’s It’s a clever jerkin that gives a vestee effect, with its slight fullness at the waistlines and turn pockets and peplum over the hips V-necked, with buttons down the front ,it IS stunning with long-sleeved shirts The matching skirt features kick-pleats and stitched panels down Iront and back Made in aqua, rose, powder blue, or maize with white shpeherd checks, you will find this stvlish outfit at the spoits bar at Loeb’s
THE STRING’S AROUND HIS FINGER to remind him that he must not overlook the stock of wooden ware at the University Book Store And we might all profit by his example and diop in to look at this supply of attractive wooden pieces Most of them are useful, and all arde mighty good looking, made of a light wood with inlaid strips Included among these wares aie scrapbooks, photo albums, letter files, manicure tiays, book-ends, jeweliy boxes, powder boxes, and letter openers
Riveters Begin (Continued from page 3) mighty Gophers of Minnesota, and Tom Kuzma of Michigan
Triple Threat Man
Hillenbiand, the foimei Reitz
passing lunning and blocking In
addition to all this, he is a clever j^y -welcomed with
pass leceivei with a knack of feinting the man who is coveiing
him out of position
No mattei where the pigskin lests, Billy is always dangerous In the final quarter of the Badgei
game he stood poised in his own Yesterday the two had each won one
end zone as if intending to punt Instead he fired a pass to Chuck Jacoby, the Hoosiei right half who
was finally stopped on the 44 yard Indiana
line
More On Billy
Against Iowa the crafty Hillen bland was apparently tiapped on the Hawkeye 23, but he faded to the 38 eluded thiee tackleis, and
swept on to a touchdown
When the Hoosieis battled Plenty to spare Northwestern Billy loamed all Nationals Next
Next week the undefeated Boiler makeis will face a still gieatei test
HERE’S ONE FELLOW THAI’S GETTING
PRETTY EXCITED
about all the hustle and bustle that’s go-
ing on downstairs at Southivorth’s these _
days I’m suie he’s not the onlv one that’s ^ver thrilyche Stadmm™turf dm wonderng and speculating about all this mg 60 minutes of dazzling play
activity, foi many of you have noticed Eaily m the contest he inteicepted when they go up to East Lansing the poundini^, the huzzin®^ of saws, and ^ puss tossed by Bill DeCorrevont, Michigan, Monday for the National the unloadin'! of meichandise Now the Twenty one of the best teams , ,, , _ a 72 yard touchdown lun When the m the country are entered and the
opening date IS still a mysteiy, but I can
tell you that Sout/iieort/i’s IS building and squad paused to shake the hand of huidle which Coach Phillips’ lads equipping a new gift department, the likes of which has never been the little Hoosiei with the slightly have yet faced
seen heie before It’s reallj goin
opening
to he BIG, so don’t miss its
PRESENT STYLES DEMAND that we complete oui costume with jeweliy, wliethei it be sporty or dressy A new piece of jeweliy adds sparkle and really seems to lift one’s spiut Stuart’s, located at 313 Columbia, caiiies a wondeiful assoil ment of costume jeweliy that inns from one dollar on up For glitter vou’ll love the ihinestone clips and pins, and the lovely bracelets and necklai es made of ^ ihinestones or gold A particularly good looking necklace was fash loned of gold, studded with pearls
you FEEL AS GOOD AS YOL LOOK IS a good slogan loi us all to lememhei, even though until Saturday morning when they po°s!wc^n the *Suppiy Rorm It IS a change Irom the “LOOK AS GOOD AS YOU will board a special train that will »> —uuuwn FEEL” slogan Now Bossune Shoe Rebuilders will 'u Bloomington just m time Activities Bureau There will i e a jui i help >ou to keep lioth slogans by giving youi players to diess for the 1 30 ^*^^*\h™''BurLu'oVue'e Ai^se
shoes that exti a care that oontiilmtes to a good ap- ^ peaiance, and liv giving them that extia comfort that
makes you feel good all ovci Proper caie such as Bossung s guarantees, will make voui shoes last longei, in addtion to adding to a
better appeal ance y
the tup
Classified
Ads
YOU’LL HAVE NO CAl SE FOR FEELING SAD
when you stint forth in an Alpagoia toat Irom (jullion’s The soft, luxury fabric, with its fleecy texture, gives waimtli without an ounce
of extra weigh)! Smart in every detail, Alpagoia is moth and showci lepellant, and the linings aie guaranteed It’s the coat vou lead so otripn‘mk dXe'e much about in Esquire, Life, and Saturday Lvtning Post and is t afayctu Phone 2779 America’s finest coat at anywhere ne ai its pi ice It should appeal i ost hlide in case between
to those who have a keen eve loi \alue, lor the piicc is much lowei
than It looks.
WAA
Nov 18
Fall ilprcKl
nil he held Til diij
WAA Culii
Typewriters—Addini? Machines all makes
I hysicB Building and Puiduc Hail Name in
ease Rewaid Call Rdfeit 6764
Iickets will be 26 cents
—BLANK
Agricullurist Meetint of B ard < f Man acerb 1 lesday Novemler 18 at 4 90 i m in 1 om 118 f Ac Hall
SNYDER
Christian Science Organization ILguloi meeting 30 i m Tues lay N vemhci 18 in Room 303 of Uni n —I OCKWOOn
BICYCLING IS FOR THE GOOD OL’ SUMMER 1 IMF while m the winte r thoughts turn to othei spoits OI tliese, one' ol the he'st lor both the cells and the coeds IS howling. M.fn) oi you have tried the Union Boulmg Alleys, and many use them eonstanllv, loi those of you who have ne ve i howle d, or just ne ver seem to find the time . . . I uige that you spend just one ol VpUl off hours down at these howling alleys You’ll find that howling is good exeicise anil loads ol lun.
... . j , Triton Club RcLilar mcctinK Txslav Wanted to exchangfe room with cooking Nov 38 at 7 30 i m in the womt n h EVni la ilituh t btudent for diiving an 1 (dd Reirtshmtnts will be scived alt i hvrn
jobs aiound apaitmcnt Apply in rcis n mint
i i S Grant St —KRAfPrilLN
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
mittee of AWS, headed by Florence
Croll a c
Penalty Days During the present semester there are four penalty dates They are from noon November 18 to noon November 19, November 24, from noon December 19 to noon December 20, and January 6 These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses A student who IS absent from classes during any of these four days will be assessed an extra fee of $5 00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed M L FISHER, Dean of Men
CE 22 Students ihe (xamination to remove C oi I grades m CE 22 will 1 given Irom 14pm Satuiday Nov 20 in R(om 801 of the Civil Bldg Those interested please see me at once SONI bON
r.
Wilt Of Indiana (Continued from page 3)
under absolutely favorable weather conditions Rain, mud and even
Memoiial stai, is equally adept at gj^pw have hampered previous tilts ^
THE FUSE IS LIT
THINGS WILL
EXPLODE
ANY MINUTE
WATCH THIS SPACE
I
and the good weathei appreciated
open
arras by the runners
Wilt One Up
Fred Wilt of Indiana and Ed Hoi derman have sej far this season been waging a personal fired Up until
meet when competing against each other Ed had gone down to the Hoosier course and been defeated by
lad had come up here for the State Cross Country tilt and had in turn been beaten by Captain Holderman Due credit must be given to this great runner irom Bloomington who led the entire field for almost all the way and came home in liont with
bowed legs and deadly pitching aim, who had come so close to bi inging about then downtall Last season the Cream and Cum son regained possession ot the highly coveted Bucket when Cap tain Gene White booted a field goal in the final seconds of play on a muddy lain soaked gridiron We have a hunch that when the Boiler makeis go out to avenge this defeat
on Saturday, the vaunted Riveter , ^"p^l S:';'‘'l7"'.rra.ir’i!!ii.'’;oom’'oTthe‘ defense will face the severest test Union —UTLEY it has encountered all season Novice Pistol Any student desiring to The squad will not leave here Fifth Novice Pi toi Cioip starting
November 2r bhould s ld ip ts so n as
Notices
POMM The banquet will be Tuesday Nov 18 at 6 30 p m Get tickotb Irom IBushnell MacMillan Sullivan or Youkey The price of tickets is 66l and the absol He deadline for their purchase is Satuiday Nov 16 atnion —BUSIINELI
MARJORIE WOODWORTH Chesterfield s Girl of the Monfh in the Hal Roach hit 'All Americon Co ed" a Untied Arlisit Rsieaia
/rs Ch 1ST
Rss at (Hind die Chesletjields and ilb pleasiiie Itmt' ioi cvtiybody . . . sinoknijo pleabinc dial only Uk jjolu combnialion ol llio woild% Itcsl cij^aiolle tobaccos can givt'you. Cheslcibobls make good iut nds ... tin y’le inddet,dojinttoly b< Hot ittsliii/^ and t oolot -smoking. Evoiybody vvbo sinokis llnni likob ibcm.
Copjkijfit X941, liootiT Mvwii Tomcco Co.
ill'
V I
g i'l