■*-'
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and warmer today; tomorrow, continued mild.
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY Novemljer 29,1^8 Lafayette, Ladkaui Vol. SO No. 65
Z-18S
'‘M
Campus Parties Announce Coming Election Platforms
Hiffh interest Aroused By Transmitter
O.L ictivities Bureau
. Election time is drawing nearer and nearer for the Prom and , Gala Week Committees, and their political campaigns will be ^ going full blast within the next week. The two campus parties, * the Progressives and the Boilermakers, have already set up their platforms upon which their hopes for being elected are ^ based. i Following are the platforms for the respective Prom parties:
Boilermaker
Unique in the respect that we wish our candidates to be chosen on their own merits rather than on political propaganda, the Boilermaker party will follow these poli-
We will conduct a clean and open campaign and will be able to fulfill every promise we make. University students are demanding a good band. This thought will be foremost in our minds. Question of hours for co-eds and the selection of Prom Queen can not be ignored. However, the matter of hours is in the hands of WSGA, and we believe the selection of Prom Queen should not be a political question. Looking over past records of our candidates, one can easily see that they are fully capable of presenting a superior prom. We sincerely hope that you will base your choice on the quality of the committee and not be led by party politics. Boilermaker Prom Committee offers this platform: 1. We will make no unfillable promises. 2 “The Band Makes the Prom.” We will have the best band possible. 3. Tickets will not be over $4.00. 4. An account of all Prom expenses will be openly published. Signed, Louise Schickler Wayne Hearne Jim Hebbeler Paul Cooper Jim Williamson Allen Shackleton.
K.D. Wood Will Speak On Aeronautics At Flying Club Meeting
Professor K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautics department will speak at an open meeting of the Flying Club Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. “Recent developments in Aeronautics” will/ be the subject of ^ Wood’s talk. Pictures taken at the national air races in Cleveland, and at different airplane factories that f Wood visited during the summer •of 1938 will be shown in connection with the talk. Pictures will include slides, color movies, and some ster- , eoscopic pictures in color. All students interested in aviation are urged to attend by club president Ray Chevedden. A short ^ business meeting for members of the Plying Club will be held after the talk by Wood.
Leadership Speech Outline Available
Progressive
2.
Purdue Progressive Party’s platform for the 1939 Junior Prom will
be:
1. Date will be set by the band, not
the band by the date.
Candidates for band will be chosen from popular student
ballot.
Floor show and other entertainment will be provided during intermissions. Popular election of chairman instead of intra-party politics. We shall publish an account of Prom expenses. Tickets will be the same price as last year, $4.00. Adequate lounge space will be provided for Independent stu-
dents.
“Purdue Progressive Party Pleases the People!” Bennie Burns Lloyd Farquahar Frank Schleicher Ralph Reiley Bill Dunshee Margaret Mitchell Vinceht Hruby.
Intense interest has been aroused by experiments being conducted on the campus south of the Electrical Engineering Building. A neat little metal box, upon which most of the attention is focused, contains an ultra-high frequency radio transmitter which is being adjusted and tested. These transmitters are being developed by Professor R. H. George and H. J. Heim of the Engineering Experiment Station and their assistants. These transmitters are designed to operate on a frequency of 407 million cycles per second. Some idea of the magnitude of this frequency may be obtained by comparing it with the frequency of WBAA which operates on 890 thousand cycles, or, if you imagine yourself riding in an automobile at the rate of 100 miles per hour, you would travel a distance of fourmillionths of an inch while this transmitter is going through one complete cycle of its operation.
Debate Headliner
Newest Student Organization Comes Into Being By Approval Of Faculty Committee
Purdue’s new Activities Bureau came into its own yesterday afternoon as faculty approval made it a full fledged student organization. Executive Committee endorsement, following a meeting November 21, insured a favorable faculty vote yesterday. Under the leadership of Director LeW Jacobson and Senior Secretary Frances Eastburn, the Bureau has already started a comprehensive program for the year. After the Bureau had set up its own organization and enlisted its staff of workers it be-
gan work on an eight point plan.
... Dean Frank O. Holt of the University of Wisconsin, who will talk on “Education and the Modern World” at the High School Debate Conference banquet Friday night.
6.
7.
8.
Union Sponsors Civil Reception
Purdue's Beauties To Vie For Honors In Annual Contest
Three Vacancies Left In Ranks Of Gala Week Parties
Sales Engineering,..
. . . and problems involved will be discussed by W. M. Cory, EE ’17, in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building tomoiTow at 7:15 p. m. Cory is Indiana sales engineer for the J. R. Kearney Corp. The meeting will be sponsored by the local chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers.
Civil engineering students and faculty will be guests at a reception sponsored by the Student Union tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. This will be the first of seven student-faculty receptions, one for each school, to be held throughout the year. “Since there are few opportunities for students to become acquainted with faculty members outside of class, it is hoped that meeting instructors in this informal way will prove popular for both the students and faculty,” said co-chair-men Mary McClelland and Dick DeMars. Refreshments will be served to the guests following the discussions.
Four of Purdue’s fairest co-eds will be chogen December 10, in the Union ballroom at the annual beauty contest. Pictures of the foui girls will appear in the 1939 Debris. Choice of girls will be based on beauty of face, figure, and poise. Program will be given a professional touch as the Union will obtain an orchestra and vocalists to entertain during intermissions and provide a mellow background for the contestants. Playshop will be in charge of staging of the contest. Contest has long been a tradition. In years past the contest was not open to the entire student body but last year this was changed and all students are welcome. Again this year the contest is open to the student body.
With the taking out of another Gala Week Committee petition by Martha Baker, senior science student, yesterday afternoon, vacancies in the ranks of the two contending Gala Week parties dropped to three Miss Baker affiliated with the Progressive party, leaving one place yet to be filled in that party. Boilermaker Party still having two vacancies.
Because of an upset in party organization late last week caused by withdrawal of four original petitioners, the deadline for turning in petitions was extended until 5:30 p. m. this afternoon. According to H. F. Fishburn, chairman of the Student Senate elections committee, petitions may be turned in at the Senate’s Memorial Union office this afternoon between the hours of 4 and 5:30.
Chart Next The annual activities chart, which this year will include over a hundred student organizations, is on the verge of publication. A motion picture to show the various activities at work is in production, and a leadership school has held several sessions. To date over 1,100 freshmen in the University have been individually interviewed by the Bureau workei's for the purpose of ascertaining their interest along extracurricular lines. Workers are now busy compiling an activity book written by University men and women. Yesterday’^ faculty approval climaxed a series beginning October 3, when a student committee was called together to consider plans for the embryo organization. Soon after followed Senate’s unanimous o. k. and the election of officers for the new organization.
Co-ed Cheerleaders Will Don Uniforms For Pep Sessions
800 High School Students To Arrive Friday For Annual Debate Conference
All Junior Prom Committee petitions are in, with two parties, the Boilermakers and the Progressives, struggling for a front place in student favor. Julius Singer is running independently.
Dr. G. H. Cutler ...
Approximately 800 high school debaters and their coaches will descend on Lafayette Friday and Saturday for their 9th annual conference at the University. This is the third largest gathering held annually on the campus, being exceeded only by the agricultural conference and the 4-H round-up in the spring, 350 students from 20 high schools have already registered. North Side of Fort Wayne, winner of last year’s attendance trophy, currently tops the list with a registration of 53. Headlining the two-day program is the University of Chicago Round Table. Professors Percy Holmes Boynton, Maynard C. Krueger, and Quincy Wright will discuss the high school debate question, a proposed alliance with Great Britain, in Fow-
ler Hall at 10 o’clock on Saturday morning. Round Table, a spontaneous discussion of current topics at the University of Chicago, is carried weekly by NBC to 54 stations and has built up an audience of a million and a half listeners, according to a national research organization. The students will be admitted to the forum on presenting their passports. Big Ten Debate Sasser and Rittenhouse, varsity affirmative debating team, will meet Grigsby and Shapiro of Ohio State in a Big Ten (debate at 2:16 Friday afternoon in Fowler Hall. Question is the alliance with Great Britain, which Sasser and Rittenhouse will uphold. Though primarily for the visitors, students will be admitted
if they carry passports. Dean Frank Q. Holt of the University of Wisconsin will speak on “Education and the Modern World’” at a banquet in the ballroom Friday night. Prof. P. E. Lull, varsity debate coach, in charge of the conference, will act as toastmaster. Prof. F, C. Hockema and Dr. A. H. Monroe will welcome guests. Concert choir will sing. Following the banquet, visitors will see a special performance of ‘Dracula,’ Playshop thriller billed for the following week. A coaches conference and practice debates on Saturday will conclude the conference. Betty Hiner, senior co-ed debate manager, and Bob Carr senior varsity debate manager, with their staffs are responsible for arrangements.
.. . assistant chief of agi’onomy, will be a guest of honor at the annual banquet of the International Crop Improvement Association to be held in Chicago today. ~
Cheerleaders will appear at the basketball games decked in new uniforms furnished by Gimlet Club, Stubby Meier, head cheerleader, announced yesterday. Co-eds who made their debut at the Indiana game will continue to supplement the yell leaders. Pep sessions before Big Ten contests may be attempted this year for the first time. Student reaction, pro or con, will be welcomed according to Meier. Exponent will print opinions in its letter column. Sophomore candidates for cheerleading, male or female, should report to Meier immediately.
Poultry Judging Team Places Third In Mid-West tntercollegiate Meet At Chicago
Captain ... , . . C. O. Wiselogel of the military department is recovering rapidly from an appendicitis operation performed three weeks ago at the Home Hospital in Lafayette. Wiselogel is expected to return to active duty by the first of the year. He is a graduate of the class of 1936.
Ten Days Left To Grow That Beard
In a field of 10 teams, the UniveiN sity poultry judging team placed third in the Mid-west Intercollegiate Poultry Judging Contest in Chicago Saturday. Contest consisted of judging five classes of production, exhibition, and market poultry, and classifying eggs in the U, S. grades. L. R. Ralston, Ag ’39, won first place honors as an individual in allaround judging, second in production judging, sixth in exhibition judging, and seventh in max'ket pro-
Outlines of Professor Hockema’s talk before the leadership school, November 10, will be available today, for the last time, in room F •of the Union. This outline contains the answers to many questions that have been brought forward by the leaders of the various activities on the campus as well as summaries of the main points of the talk. Many requests for this condensed report have been received from those present as well as those leaders that were unable to attend the meeting. Due to the limited supply at hand, /each activity will be limited to two copies. All activities which have not obtained copies are requested to do so today. Additional copies will be printed in the future if the demand necessitates it.
On your marks , . . get set . . . and we’re off on the annual Boilermaker Bear’d Derby, With the Boilermakers’ Brawl but 10 days away, it’s going to tajce a lot of coaxing and pushing to make a favorable showing in this hairraising race.. The finish line is set at the band platform |n the Memorial Union ballroom, and all entries must be in by 10:30 o’clock on the evening of December 9. Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic organization sponsoring the dance, is offering prizes for first-place winners in each of the following heats: 1. Best All-round Beard. 2. Curliest Beard. 3. Reddest Beard. 4. Beard Most Like Peach Fuzz. 6. Best Baby-Face Complexion, (no beard).
prize IS
i ticket refund to the holder of the best all - round
,' / beard and the title
holder will collect his winnings at the dance. Suit>'ii able awards are "I being considered for owners of the
winning faces in the other classes
of beard growing. Grow ’Em Anyway
Even military students are free to prove their masculinity by sprouting whiskers of a noteworthy character. From the University military department yesterday came a statement to the following effect: Military Department will be glad to cooperate with Sigma
Delta Chi in making arrangements for its dance. Unshaven students who present Boilermaker Brawl tickets dt inspection will not be penalized with demerits.
Carl Prechter, ticket chairman for the Brawl, said last night that the ducats would go on sale today at the west Union desk, at Deac’s, and Southworth’s in the village, and at Decker’s.
Rumors of the beard-growing contest reached the Village and downtown Lafayette yesterday afternoon with depressing effects upon business activity.
Merchants worked feverishly to offset huge losses expected from the sharp decline in razor blade and shaving soap sales during the next week and a half. Barber shop stock fell off sharply anS ended the day with a net loss of 1% to 1% points.
Brawl tickets may also be obtained from the following Sigma Delta Chi members: Don Bailey, Bill Feldman, Lowell Hardin, Bill Johnston, Rip Manion, Dick Obenchain, Carl Prechter, Charlie Schroeder, Harris Stanback, John Taylor, and Don Vance.
duce judging. Trophy Winners Kansas captured first place in the contest arid received one year possession of a large trophy donated by the American Institute of Poultry Industries. Permanent possession of the cup goes to the school capturing it three times. Purdue is the only team which has won it
twice.
This year’s team, coached by E E. Schnetzler, poultry department, is composed of A. E. Buckthal, L. R. Ralston, H. D. Gates, and R. C. Garrison. Members of all teams were guests of the American Institute of Poultry Industries on a tour through the Chicago markets Friday.
' Bargain price marked on this year’s ducats is $1.99%. The journalists decided at their Simday afternoon session to limit sales in order to allow freedom in dancing but did not agree on a specified number.
Duke University..
. . . last night accepted the invitation of the University of Southern California to play the January 8 football classic in the Rose Bowl.
•■M
W.^ ‘ i. i 2 ^dibjhktL THE PUHDUE EXPONENT J^UXiuJULiL.
Tuesday, November 29, 193,8
This Week... , . . the Exponent is beginning a column of “Radio Headliners/’ Since this is to be your column, we would appreciate receiving your comments as to the desirability of this column and suggestions for improving it. This column is designed to cover that part of the day in which the Purdue student uses his radio, namely, from noon to 1 o’clock and from 4 to 11 o’clock. Only stations which an ordinary radio will easily receive here have been included in “Radio Headliners.” If you want “Radio Headliners” to become a daily feature of your Exponent or to be discontinued, if you have any constructive criticism, or if you have any other comment which you care to make, fill out the following ballot and deposit it in the Exponent box at the west desk of the Union.—K. C. H. SUGGESTIONS FOR “RADIO HEADLINERS” Do you want this column to become a daily feature? Do you want a complete WBAA program included? Do you want news reports included? What periods of the day should this column cover? Do you want a list of the stations’ dial settings included? How often? Other suggestions
School Class
the Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of Concress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of Ootober 8, 1917, authorised Jann* ary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durins the reffular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Manaaina Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors..„G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manayer M. C. Reeves Local Advertlsiny Manager E. M. Antonlni Circulation Manager W. F. Ber* Sales Manager V. Daugher^ National Advertising Manager i _H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director — J5. J. Henninger
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
CO-ED STAFF
EMitor Sally McKee Associate Mitors , Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaper la written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
ESBNTSO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADtsoN Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston ■ Los Ahsiles - san Francisco
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor—Beer Tuesday, November 29, 1938
Faculty Approval... . . . made the Activities Bureau legal yesterday ending a series of endorsements necessary to make it a separate activity in its own right. In reality the Bureau grew spontaneously from the Union project 'which it was last year, to the well-manned organization which it is now—the need and possibilities for such an agency gave it all the impetus required. Now that the Bureau is well started on its year’s program there is a chance to actually inspect its work instead of merely speculating about it. We find that its large staif is busy every afternoon on a multitude of projects. Movies, activity charts, leadership school ses-
sions, interviews and many other things occupy the Bureau’s time. Although concrete results may be hard to find, we can at least guarantee that effort has not been lacking. Chief among the dangers that face the Bureau at present is the possibility of being exploited by other groups. The Bureau is designed to serve other student activities as a personnel and placement agency and in several other capacities . . . but it is not supposed to atooge for other groups. True, there are a lot of willing workers on the Bureau who might find time to take routine work out of the hands of others, but they should have jobs enough of their own. The Bureau now stands on its own feet. Other activities may expect to benefit from its services, but they cannot expect to pass along odd bits of their own dirty work to the Bureau staff.
Enders Announces Employment Of Eight Science Graduate^ Eight science graduates have received the following emplojnnent since graduation according to an announcement made recently by Dean Howard E. Enders, of the science school; Margaret Josselyn, ’36, Buffalo Better Business Bureau, Buffalo, N. Y.; Kathryn Buck, '34, University Research Laboratory, Chicago 11}.; John Hancock, mathematics and psychology instructor at the Michigan City high school; R. P. Lawrence, ’36, metallurgical inspecto'f "at the Camegie-Illinois Steel Corp., Gary; R. N. Lemen, ’38, Aetna Insurance Co., Los Angeles, Cal.; Edward Korty, ’38, attending Harvard School of Business, Cambridge, Mass.; Katherine Hochstettler, ’38, technician, Tacoma Central Hospital, Tacoma, Wash.; 0. M. Stallard, ’38, teacher, Klondike high school. Purdue Radio Club Gives Free Service Free radiogram service will be offered to students by the Purdue Radio Club through the facilities of the Purdue station W9YB in the Electrical Engineering Building. Messages may be sent to 15 Indiana cities and all points outside the state. Standard radiogram forms with complete instructions are available at the main desk in the Union Building where the messages may be written and left. Messages must be in before 6 p. m. or they will not be transmitted until the following day. Information about this service may be obtained by filing questions at the Union desk with the name and telephone number of the questioner.
Chinese Groups Will Feature Native Arts In Benefit Tonight Union ballroom will be the scene of a novel program of Chinese arts and actions tonight, when the Chinese Students’ Club of the University, goes into action at 7:30. Ta-chin solos, songs in Chinese Hu-chin music will be given. Not only will native music be demonstrated, but also motion pictures will be presented. The feature picture depicts Chinese cities before the war. Chinese arts, in the form of treasures owned by members of the club are to be exhibited. Carved bric-a-brac, Chinese dolls, silk woven mats, and pictures, ideal for Christmas gifts will be on sale. Proceeds from the program will go to the American Bureau for Medical Aid for China to be used for war refugees. Tickets for the affair will be on sale all day at the Union desk, and at the door this evening. Alumni To View Indiana Game Pictures Thursday Pictures of the Indiana-Purdue game will be shown at the meeting of the Tippecanoe County Purdue Alumni Association, Thursday evening at eight o’clock in the ballroom of the Union. Eth Baugh, executive secretary of the Alumni Association, announced that students will be welcome to view the pictures. Dr. E. C. Young... ... of the farm management department acted as one of the judges at the 1938 home and farm improvement campaign held yesterday in Louisville, Ky. Dr. Young was chosen as a judge at the i’equest of the Louisville Courier-Journal and Times, which sponsors the contest.
ARC
TODAY — WED. WILLIAM BOYD GEORGE HAYES
“TEXAS TRAIL” and LLOYD NOLON SHIRLEY ROSS ' in “PRISON FARM” Also ‘PLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO . MARS”
Wesley Players Will Present 'The Enemy' Wesley Players will present the third act of Channing Pollocks “The Enemy” as a one-act play Sunday evening at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. D. H. McFadden, William Harris, Jr., Opal George, Alice Breitweiser, and Fairie Totten will compose the cast. Play will be given free, but an offering will be taken to defray expenses. Cooley, Elsiun To Talk At WSGA Training School Mary Cooley and Betty Elstun will be speakers at WSGA sophomore training school today and on Thursday at 4 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. They will discuss the recent vocational guidance conference and how to give one. They will also review the contemporary culture conference, which was held at the University two weeks ago.
TODAY-TOMORROW THE DOUBLE HORROR SHOW THE CENTURY!
You'll Shuaa.i, Shivei, SHRIEIt
PLUS
The Hair-Raising Blood Curdling Thriller THE CROOKED CIRCLE with j. Carrol Naish James Gleason — Zasu Pitts
WE DARE YOU TO SEE ITT
GRIN AND B^AR IT
By LicW
ANNOUNCEMENT . . . . . . The Debris Beauty Contest -will be held in a week or so and we understand that there is going to be an entirely new angle worked out this year in the contest. THERE IS TO BE . . . ... a Variety Hour in connection with the contest. Incidentally there is no sense in you eds trying to get jobs as judges as there are going to be off campus judges—imparshal. THERE WAS A . . . . . . definite lull on the campus last Saturday and Sunday. Guess that there was too much week-end altogether—but not altogether too much week-end. WE NOTICE THAT , . . . . . HARRY CLARK, Sigma Nusence, is beginning to take an interest in this graduation idea. At any rate things won’t be any harder if HARRY continues to date Miss ENDERS. We understand that she’s on the inside rail in that Science school. W.A.A. CO-ED BID . . . . . . dance is coming olf this weekend. We understand that it is to be a masked ball. These masked affairs seem to go over pretty good here oni the campus. Just how much of the face does one of these masks cover ? OVERHEARD ON A . . . . . . I’adio program. “Did you go to college ” The answer sounded like this—“No, I learned to drink at home.” ' WE HEAR THAT . . . . . . the Pi Phis are going to have something in the way of a bumroom in their new house. The plans have not been revealed as yet, but its possibilities will be demonstrated at their Open House. FAMOUS LAST LINES . . . ... No matter how you treat this world you’ll never get out alive. EE Staff Member To Speak Toitight Before Radio Club Speaker at tonight’s regular meeting of the radio club in room 254 of the EE Building at 7:30 will be Millard T. Gannon, who will talk on the application of metering devices to communications equipment. Gannon, who graduated here last June ,is on the staff of the EE school. He is also one of the faculty advisers of the radio club. Club president Kittner last night issued an invitation to all interested persons to take part in the equipment exchange which the radio club will hold on Tuesday, December 13. Anyone who has radio parts he wishes to sell or exchange for some other equipment, or who wants to buy such equipment is invited to take part in the exchange meeting.
“Nonsense, dear, it’s easy to know what to do—just imagine I’m driving and you’re sitting in the back!” t Purdue, Chicago Will Agronomy Lecturer , Sponsor Ag Course Will Speak Tonight ,
Undef the joint sponsorship of the University of Chicago, Purdue, and the Farm Foundation of Chicago, a special graduate course in agricultural economics will begin January 1 at the University of Chicago under the direction of Dr. E. C. Young, of the department of farm management and rural economics and assistant dean of the graduate school. Dr. Young has been granted three months leave of absence beginning January 1 in order to take up his duties on the Chicago campus. The new program has been worked out by Dr. Young, Dr. J. A. Estey head of the department of history, government, and economics, and members of the staff of the University of Chicago.
Agronolhy Club will featui’e Dr. W. W. Worzella, authority on wheat varieties, as guest speaker at the regular monthly meeting to be held this evening at 7:30 in room B of the Union Building. Dr. Worzella will give an illustrated lecture on “How New Wheat Varieties Are Made,” and will answer questions from the audience following his talk. Preceding the lecture, which is open to all students and staff members, Agronomy club members will explain various phases of their work.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— ALSO — ROBERT BENCHLEY
TODAY-WED
TODAY & WED.
LUMA
I
iV#1
, ^
Squash Team Will Meet Ohio Squads According to M. -L. Clevett, varsity squash coach, the team is in fine condition for matches with the Dayton YMCA and the Wright Air Field-officers at.Dayton, 0., on December 10 and 12. December 27 the team will leave for Philadelphia, Pa., where they will play the University of Pennsylvania and Princeton. Following the matches the racquet wielders will journey to New York City to tangle with Yale, Harvard, Amherst, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology in successive contests. At the present time the team is composed of Captain Tony Sokolowski, Clevett, Jackson, Eberhard, Blitz, Juve, Munro, Shumway, Ferris, and Morse. Goldstein, Mann To Vie
Sophomore Netmen Exhibit Promising Talent
Gene Anderson...
Boilermakers Clip Through Fast Pradke With Drill On Fundamentals; Scrimmage Concludes Session By Robert J. Deckard Displaying exceptional deception and marksmanship and class A basketball talent, 34 Boilermaker netmen clipped through a fast practice on the Fieldhouse courts yesterday with ambitious sophomores showing up the upperclassmen during the session. Following a brisk warmup composed of basketball fundamentals. Ward “Piggy” Lambert, atomic Riveter chieftain, scrimmaged a potential first team of Anderson, Dickinson, Beretta, Igney, and Hutt against four sophomores and a senior, Witsman, Herschelman, Schwartz, Bosse, and Barsha. Works Entire Squad Lambert intermittently utilized the remainder of the squad with the yearlings exhibiting outstanding ability. He concluded the practice with a short talk. , “The squad is in fairly good condition,” Riveter Captain Gene Anderson commented, “and the entire group is set for a fast schedule. We’ll miss Jewel Young, Johnny Sines and Pat Malaska this year but with sophomores turning in the necessary scoring punch, the squad will undoubtedly exhibit good basketball playing.” Promising candidates for the Riveters are:
Ward Lambert...
It seems that monopoly will reign as Hy Goldstein and Jim Mann, two Sigma Alpha Mu’s volley for the annual all-campus badminton title tomorrow in the Fieldhouse at 4:16. Jim Mann, last year’s champion, sailed through without any obstacles in his previous encounters, but from indications, will have a tough battle on his hands when he meets Goldstein.
. . . nucleus of the 1937 Big Ten champipnship squad, who will pilot the cage team this year in an effort to retain the crown.
MAJOR LETTERMEN
Year
Viowa State College has started construction of a $230,000 women’s dormitory, to house 166 students.
All sophomores interested in positions as varsity basketball managers are urged to report to Senior Manager H. J. Knaus at 3 p. m. today on the Fieldhouse varsity courts. Those who cannot come today may meet at 4 p. m. tomorrow at the same place.
Name and Position
Weight Hgt.
On Squad
Home Town
Eugene Anderson, c (C).
175
6-2
Third
Franklin
Nicholas Barsha, g
170
5-10
Third
Anderson
Fred Beretta, g
165
6-0
Second
Bedford
Tom Dickinson, g
165
6-0
Third
Lafayette
Dan Fisher, c
180
6-3
Second
Anderson
Dale Hutt, f
160
5-11
Third
Indianapolis-
Carl Swan, g
165
5-11
Third
Tulsa, Okla.
Elwood Yeager, g
185
6-0
Second
Connersville
Harry Zink, f
150
5-10
Third
Monticello
MINOR LETTERMEN
James Lyboult, g
145
5-8
Third
Richmond
Harry Lucas, f J-..
170
5-10
Second
Lafayette
Martin Stamm, f
170
5-11
Second
Columbia City
Donald U.tter, f
155
5-9
Second
Akron
John Vernon, g
160
5-8
Second
Rochester
John Walkey, f
150
5-8
Second
W. Lafayette
SOPHOMORES
James Bosse, f
155
6-0
First
Evansville
Rex Chamberlain, f
'..170
6-0
First
Pendleton
Eugene Herschelman, g .
165
5-10
First
Evansville
Robert Igney, f
...140
6-0
First
Rossville
Basil Lorenz, f
; 165
6-0
First
Hammond
Norman Swarts, c
160
6-3
First
McCordsville
Forest Weber, c
206
6-5
First
Plainfield
Forest Witsman, f
165
6-0
First
Frankfort
•Co-ed Volleyball Players To Tryout In Memorial Gym Tryouts for intrammral volleyball will be held this afternoon at four in the women’s gymnasium. Volleyball rules will be explained, and
the game demonstrated by experienced players. There will be open practices both tonight and tomorrow evening. The tomrney starts Thursday and will last until Christmas. Pauline Swick is in charge of the tourney. All sororities, rooming houses, and all wards are urged to organize teams.
. . . dean of the nation’s college hardwood directors, and pilot of numerous Gold and Black conference champions, begins his 22nd year at Purdue this season.
Intramural Notices BASKETBALL PRACTICE Today Court 1:—C. B. Luce, Official. 7 :00—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7 :16—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8 :26—Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Chi. 8:40—^Delta'Tau Delta vs. Phi Pi Phi. Court 2: J. Kurtz, Official. 7:00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. 7 :15—Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 8:26—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8:40—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Court 3: R. W. Berry, Official. 7:00—^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7 :i5—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:25—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha, Epsilon. 8:40—Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Triangle. Students... . . . interested in riflery are urged by “Chief” Clevett to come to room 104 in the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Instruction will be offered for all those who desire it.
More than 1,700 trees on the Connecticut State college campus were destroyed in the recent east coast hurricane.
Just A, Second,
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL Three 8x10 Phofographs $5.00 Make Your Appointment Now Hineas
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
As stated by a prominent Purdue University Official, the students at Purdue spend $6,000,000 a year. Are you getting your share? ? REMEMBER-these same students read the Exponent daily.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT BUSINESS PHONE 5038
The Latest Thing—
A good quality tweed — sturdy yet light weight, coat made for warmth.
Single breasted is the style this year. Be up with the times.
The Baltimore Clothing Store is the one place ip town where you can be sure to get the best.
$21.50 Others $18.50 to $35.00
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP Phone 2873 414 Main St.
Maxwell Optimistic Over Boxing Team By Phil Johnson “The boys will be tougher than ever this year and, with the fine turnouts for practice, and splendid enthusiasm they are showing, the team will exceed even the heights attained by the squ^ last year,” optimistically reports “Punchy” Maxwell, boxing coach. “The only thing we need for a well rounded squad is a burly heavyweight of the “Joe Louis” type, remarked Maxwell. “The Works” He is giving the squad “the works” this week in preparatic^n for two intra-squad tournaments t^o be held December 9 and 16. The team divided into two squads, A and B; the A squad is made up of Veterans while the B squad is composed entirely of new men. The boxing program for these nights will include at least eight matches. Pugilists will offer good scraps as the outcome of the various matches will determine the men who will represent Purdue in the annual Golden Gloves tourney to be held in January, according to Maxwell. Students will be admitted to the ringside upon the presentation of passports. The squad last year captured four of tight berths on the local Golden Gloves team. Coach Maxwell’s proteges are pointing this season to make a clean sweep of the honors with the possible exception of the heavsTweight class.
Radio Headliners
Today 12:00 n.—Noon melodies, WBAA. 12 :00 n.—Hit revue, WCFL. 12:16 p. m.—Lawrence Welk’s orchestra, WGN, 12:30 p. m,—Luncheon dance time, WBAA. 4:00 p.m.—Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 4:16 p. m.—Swingtime serenade,* WENR. 4:80 p. m.—Musical varieties, WMAQ. 4:46 p. m.—International livestock show, WLW. 5:30 p.m.—Adrian Rollini’s orchestra, WENR. 6:16 p. m.—Vocal varieties, WMAQ, WLW, WIRE. 6:16 p. m.—Yar concert orchestra, WGN. 6:30p. ra.—Xavier Cugat’s orchestra, WIRE. 7 :00 p. m.—Johnny Presents, with Russ * Morgan’s orchestra, WLW, WIRE, WMAQ. 7 :00 p. m.—Big Town, drama with Edward G. Robinson and Claire Trevor, WBBM, WFBM. 7 :30 p. m.—For Men Only, WLW, WIRE, WMAQ. 7:30 p. m.—A1 Jolson show, WBBM, WFBM. 7:30 p. m.—Information Please, Kathleen Norris as guest, WLS. 8:00 p. m.—We, the People, WBBM, WFBM. 8:30 p. m.—Benny Goodman’s orchestra, Harry Richman as guest, WBBM, WFBM. 9:00 p. m.—Dr. Christian, starring Jean Hersholt, WBBM, WFBM. 9:00 p. Ml—^Pepsodent program, with Skinnay Ennis’ orchestra, WIRE, WLW. 9:00 p. m.—If 1 Had a Chance, Eva Le Galliene and Maryse Wendling as guests, WENR. 9:30 p. m.—Rhythm School, WENR. 9:30 p.m.—Make Believe Danceland. WCFL. 9:46 p. m.—Four Stars Tonight, WMAQ. 10:00p. n>.—Charles Baum’s orchestra, WBBM. 10:00 p. m.—concert orchestra, WGN. 10:30 p.m.—Vincent Lopez’ orchestra, WFBM. 10 :30 p. m.—Lou Breese’s orchestra, WMAQ. 10:80 p. m.—Hal Kemp’s orchestra, WGN. 11:00 p. m.—Richard Himber’s orchestra. WMAQ. 11:00 p.m.—Sammy Kaye’s orchestra, WBBM, WFBM. 11:00 p. m.—Dick Barrie’s orchestra, WGN.
it ii,..
The RYTEX CHRISTMAS CARD BOOK The new 1938' Rytex Personal Christmas Cards . . . are now on display in our Stationery Department. Smarter than ever . . . and yet . . . for all their warm cheer . . . quality papers and matching envelopes . . . they come to you smartly boxed and completely folded .. . priced at only ... 25 for $l . . . or 50 for $1, Including your Name on each Card.
HAYWOOD’S 5th and Ferry Streelt1^?"' ■»
‘>4
^jcoL OdA.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^YloUxjidu
Tudsdoyf November 29, 1938
SQUASH PRACTICE Today Court 1: 7 :0&—SctA SiRina Psi. 8-00—Alpha Gamma Rho 9 -00—Alpha Tau Omosra Court 2; 7 :00—Tau Epsilon Phi. 8 :00—Delta Tau Delta 9:00—Kappa Sipma Court 8: 7 :00—Sigma Pi. 8 00—Phi Delta Theta 9 00—Phi Kappa
please meet at 7:15 p. m.’in room F of the Union, Wednesday, November 30: F. C. Ahrens, Paul Worchester, Don Wells, C. G. Tliiott, Fred Winter, Mary Learning, Ted Cabonargi, Lowell Hardin, Frances Eastburn, Althea Jorgeson, Georgianna Baker, Carl Lutz, Don Smith, and Bill Breuer. —JACOBSON.
Camera Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 7 :30 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. Carl F. Miller of the Weston Electrical Instrument Co., will deliver an illustrated lecture on the principle and use of the Weston Exposure meter. —OBLINGER.
Classified Ads
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Thursday, December 1, at 7:30 p. m., roorn C of the Union Cotillion committee will be announced. —HALL. Debris Salesmen: Impoitant business meeting in the Debris office Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p m. —EDWARDS.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1931 Ford sport coupe. Water heater. Good condition. Call 3016. Hansell.
B-2 Swimming Tryouts: Eveiyone wishing to try out must be present Tuesday, November 29, at Fieldhouse pool at 7:30 pm —LOWNIE.
FOR SALE—Radio-phonograph combination Just like new. Original cost $30. Some records also. Low price. Phone Staley 7935
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies. C F Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Will person who took overcoat outside room 308, Rec. Bldg., please return to same or call 8421. Merritt Wolfe.
Student Senate: Meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 7 :30 p. m in loom A Very important, NSFA, elections, and lots of other stuff Be present and be punctual. We may enforce the attendance rule. —ELLIOTT.
I Alpha Lambda Delta; Important meeting Thursday, November 1, at 7:16 p. m. in room B of the Union Plans foi year to be definitely decided upon —BURNHAM WSGA House Presidents Council: Meeting Tuesday, November 29. at 4 p m in room B of the Union All members should be present —JAKES.
LOST AND FOUND
Zouaves: Meeting of all actives and pledges in the Armory Wednesday, November 30, at 4 p. m —HURST.
FOUND—Money near Young Grocery Tuesdaj Loser call Williamson 8444 and identify
Notices
Gimlet: Initiation postponed until later date. All student passports should be signed and given to me not later than Wednesday, November 30, foi reserved basketball tickets. —SWAN Sigma Delta Chi: There w ill be a meeting Tuesday, Novembei 29, at 5 p. m. in the Engineer office in the Union —BAILEY
Riflery: Schedule for Tuesday, November 29: 6.16, Ward 11; 7:00, Alpha Xi Delta, 7 ‘46, WRH-S , 8 :30, Alpha Chi Omega —SMITH. Cheer Leaders: Meeting Wednesday, November 20, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym Anyone interested in leading yells at ball games be there —MEIER Alpha Phi Omega: Important meeting Wednesday, November 30, at 7 p. m in room A of the Union. —STRADLING.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: Meeting Tiiesdav, November 29, at 4 p m in the Armory —LEVIN
Archery : Meeting in room 106 of the Fieldhouse Tuesday, November 29, at 7 '30
-KINZER
WSGA Sophomore Training School: Meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p m. and Thursday, December 1, at 4 p. m in the Union tower room. —LEANING.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to Felix in the Engineer office at 4 p m on Tuesday, Novembei 29' Stevenson, Day Johnson, Botsford, Martinek, I^awder, Newman, Ruth, Stephens, Winslow. —SQUIRES Activities Board: Will these individuals
ALLE ._ _ scif®#L m li^Nci m€k CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’^ Opens Wed., Nov. 30th 7:30 P. M. Advanced Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st 7:30 P, M. No Lessons Given During Holiday Vacation. P. M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150
the Purdue Exponent Service ^ Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DD.S HAROLD J RISK—DOS LUTHER A RISK—D D S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n9V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Printing
• Shoe Repair
r\RINTING Oific* SUtloncry . D I Weddins InviUtioni B Mm Book:, Etc. 2^^' CASSEL’S
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
7 p. m. in the Union office. Those who are to attend are: P. C. Ahrens, P. Worcester, Don Wells, G. Elliott, F. Winter, Mary Learning, Ted Cabonargi, and Loweli Hardin. —JACOBSON.
December 8, from 1 to 4 p. m. Please consult me in advance. —SONESON.
of the Union Tuesday, November 29, at 7:80 p. m. Guests and faculty invited. —FLANAGAN.
Co-eds: WAA volleyball call out Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p. m. —SWICK.
Men’s Bowling: tournament postponed from Thanksgiving until Thursday, 'December 1. —WILLIAMSON.
Co-ed Bowlers: Tournament postponed until Wednesday, November 80. —STOCKER.
Agronomy Students: Meeting in Room B
Rifle: Meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p. m. in the Fieldhouse for those intpr-
WAA Badminton: All those interested in learning to play badminton, report to the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Wednesday, November 80, and Thursday, December 1. —FISHLEIGH.
Alpha Phi Omega: Business meeting on Wednesday, November 80, at 7:30 p. m., in room A of the Union. Please be there. -STRADLING.
Gimlet: Initiation postponed until furthe’r notice. (11-29) —SWAN. ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
Scrivener: Bring all outstanding subscriptions to Dr. Sutcliffe or myself by Saturday, December 3. Don’t forget the cash. —PAARLBERG.
Forestry Club: Important meeting Tuesday, November 29, at Hort auditorium. Moving pictures will be shown and refreshments will be served. Everyone be present. —GLAZEBROOK.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, November 29, at 7:30 in room C of the Union. —MeINTOSH.
C. E. 6 (Surveying); Examination for removal of condition will be held in C. E. 201 on Saturday December 3, at 1 p. m. Get permits in C. E. 102. —POTT.
C. E. 21: The examination to remove grade C in C. E. 21 will be given in room 301 of the C. E. building on Saturday,
ATURALLY you'd expect finer Dry Cleaning from Crown!
From a firm who had been in the dry cleaning field as long as CROWN, you would expect to receive the utmost in scientific service. NATURALLY you Would expect fine service— NATURALLY we would not disappoint you. ©oooii Immm FINE C L E A'N ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
NYA Workeis: Checks for the period ending Novembei 16, 1938, are now available in the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building —HOLLENSBE
Second Regiment Athletic Officers: First battery swimming teams lepoit to Fieldhouse pool promptly at 7 :30 p m Tuesday. Novembei 29. Second battery teams report at 8 00 p m All men must be present Notify teams —LOWNIE
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p m in room 308, Univeisity Hall —DEMORET. Activities Bureau; There will be an Advisory Board meeting of the Activities Bureau Wednesday night, November 30, at
mniwru* ****®,^
„p the gate atWet and advances a Clnrx Gate Receipts and Glory y ROBERT M. HUTCHINS, Fresi<l.n, Un..er^ They fwlZmSSm. AimciiE niWis**
(now ra^htng
ff d at Ws idea of flying tACA flies 15,000,000 prunes ^offed toe America. But v,nrse3. butter and egg > subsidy, wifl pounds And, without amazing story, sengers eve y y ^on dollars m 1938. more than a m.^1.0 „er„ANN B. DEUTSCH flying the Jmgle ««» ^
mm
•..IBtmk 4s Ladder Jkutn £etsadiz^workmt EieHT STiilESyP! TWENTY-SEVEN KIDS trapped on the top floor. Truck 4 raises its hundred-foot aerial ladder — and Tommy Mayo picks that crucial moment to tell Arch Reynolds, “Nobody’s ordering me to kill myself for nothing!’’ A fast-moving story of fire-fighters in action. High Fly by MAURICE BEAM
m
AND
A PREACHERyGOES TO WAR. What did the
Good Book say? “Stay not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmost of them.’’ With a Civil War gomg on, that was all the Rev. Praxiteles Swan wanted to know 1 A short story by Lt. Col. John W. Thopnason, Jr RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE WEDDING, Ninety-Nine Alarm Clocks went off! Dorothy Thomas tells you why, and how it affected more than one wedding. A short story . . . PLUS: Fiction, articles, serials. Post Scripts, cartoons and news of authors on the Keeping Posted ' page. All in the Post out this week.
Hf
ested in using the rapge 3 to 6 p. im daily. —OLBVBTT. Pnrdue Riflemen: An open meeting will be held Wednesday, November 80, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union tower room. Purpose of the meeting is to make toiimainent ai> rangements and to establish a temporary organization. —FAIRBANKS.
>V
k
< I