k
h
(J
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette. Indiana, Tuesday, November 2, 1937
NUMBER 43
Supervisors Plan Presentation Of 1938 Ag Program , Plans for explaining the provisions of the 1938 Agricultural Conservation Program to Indiana’s 200,000 farmers were discussed in a meeting of district supervisors and state committeemen held here at the University yesterday afternoon. The meeting continues today with V. D. Sexson, University agricultural extension representative on the state committee, presiding. Attending the state meeting from Washington, D. C., are John B. Wilson, assistant director of the AAA north central region of 10 states, which includes Indiana, and Karl Knaus, federal co-operative agricultural extension official, who was formerly assistant county agent leader in Indiana. Porter Hedge, north central region repre^ntative from the district office, is also taking part in the program. Yesterday afternoon, Wilson told of the desirability of stable price and supply of agricultural products, and their effect on the welfare of the farmer, the land, and the consumer. L. M. Vogler, chairman of the Indiana state committee, gave the objectives and outlined some of the provisions of the 1938 program. Plans for a long time educational program of work were reviewed by Knaus.
PiKA^sOut-EatPi Kappa JPhis To Win Yearns Pie Contest By Bob Johnson ) Sixteen pie-eaters ran to the table. No, it was not in a campus boarding place, but in front of the Pi Kappa Phi house. Under a sign bearing the legend “Eat the Pie Out of Pi Kappa Alpha,” the long clean table held sixteen blueberry pies. Hungry pledges gorged i^hemselves and covered their faces with luscious pie. At first the pies were being consumed at a rapid rate, but as the blueberry pie took its fatal effect, the speed was reduced to a slow pace. Four minutes and 15 seconds after he had left the“starting line. Herb Allen, having cleaned his pie-pan to the satisfaction of the judges, recrossed the starting line to be acclaimed the winner. The Pi Kappa Alphas, with the smaller score of 66, won over the Pi Kappa Phis, ^ho finished with a total of 71 points. To characterize the old do-or-die spirit of the contestants one needed only to look at their faces which, as the table, were beautifully besmeared with pie. When questioned how he felt, one of the participants said, “It’s not how I feel—^but how I look.” As a symbol of their victory and to reward their noble courage, the coppey pie-pan trophy, the Pie Padallion, will reside for the next year in a coveted spot with the Pi Kappa Alphas,
Entrepreneur Originates Mechanism For Detection Of Exam Falsehoods
By G. W. Frederick It’s here, ladies and gentlemen! The epoch-making discovery of the centuiy has been made on our own campus! An enterprising student, the pride of the EE school, has just disclosed an idea which wil revolutionize study. After taking a long and tedious to say nothing of tricky, “True and False” tests, our inventor sat him down and pondered heavily upon the possibility and probability of removing the burden of risk, on such tests, from the student. In a short time, a gleam entered the inventor’s eyes and he rushed home to place his thoughts on paper. Noticing his strange actions and his complete indifference to the world in general as he rushed to his residence, we followed and peered through the window. So thus, ladies and gentlemen, we offer you the invention of a lifetime. (P.S. We even scooped Popular Mechanics on this one). Lie Detector It is no more than a sleek leather jacket with a built-in lie-detector. From the main machine, wires extend to a microphone which is disguised as a button on the coat sleeve. This mike may also be disguised afe a five-cent cherry pie, but as very few people wear cherry pies on their sleeves we had best let this ride. The machine is very simple to use. When you are all ready for the “True, False” test just reach in the right hand pocket and turn on the
AlChE Holds Informal Meeting This Evening AIUhE will hold its first'meeting of the school year this evening at 7:15 o’clock in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The program of the informal gettogether meeting, will include the entire chemical engineering faculty as speakers, and wil last approximately for an hour. Refreshments will be served at the end of the meeting. R, P, Griffenhagen, AIChE president, stated last night, “Anybody that hasn’t signed up for AIChE membership may do so at this ‘meeting.’!
machine. Then, while pretending to scratch your head, quietly read the first question into the mike on your sleeve. If nothing results, the question is the truth—mark it down as “true,” If, however, you feel a slight buzzing just about on the level of the third rib from the bottom, somewhere in the vicinity of your left jacket pocket, the question is undoubtedly false. Etc. Secret Principle Although the mechanics of this device have not been divulged by the originator, there is a partially confirmed rumor that the equation upon which the whole thing is based is the square root of the reciprocal of the equation for a cyclone travelling up a circular staircase. It is of special interest to note that the latter equation, an expressing in terms of “foo,” was just recently developed in a physics 21 class here at the University. Purdue leads!—-as science marches on! 3Poday If Last Day To Get $4 Debris With today the last day left in which to get this year’s Debris for $4.00, Debris Business Manager A. A. Siebenthal announced yesterday the addition of two alumni sections to this year’s book. The first section will feature eminent University alumni who have made noteworthy achievements in the commercial world. The other new development is fhe history of Purdue graduates who have gone on with their fraternity interests, and who now hold positions of prestige in national fraternities.
University Directories The complete shipment of directories has been received. As long as the supply lasts any student who has not already obtained a copy may get one by presenting his schedule card at the Registrar’s Office. Members of the staff and University offices obtain their copies from the Editor’s office, Service and Stores Building. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Dr. Phillips Thomas, Westinghouse research engineer, will demonstrate and lecture on five important electrical discoveries at the open meeting of the University chapter of the AIEE tomorrow evening in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering
Building.
The main exhibit will consist of an electrical-air cleaner; a stroboscope, which apparently stops motion; an ignitron tube, which aids photographing projectiles and machinery; a super-sensitive grid-' glow tube, and infra-red apparatus. This equipment is entirely portable and will be shown in practically every section of the country. Dr. Thomas has been associated with Westinghouse laboratories for a number of years and has a number of patents and contributions in connection with the engineering world to his credit.
Versatile Engineer Will Address AIEE; Demonstrates, Lectures On Electricity
Debris Group Pidure Schedules Postponed Debris group pictures, originally scheduled for this week, have been postponed until the week of November 15. This change was made necessary as many organizations have not yet selected their pledges. Chairmen of organizations will be informed by postcard and telephone of the new time. Schedules will also appear in the Exponent. ASME Poster Deadline Set For Tomorrow At 4 Sponsored by ASME, the advertising poster design contest for the annual ASME automobile show, will close tomorrow at 4 p. m. It is open to all freshmen, sophomores, and juniors, and the designs may be turned in at the office of Prof. H. M. Jacklin, on the ground floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building. A committee chosen from the mechanical engineering faculty and members of the University publicity departme^nt will judge the posters and award the cash prize of five dollars to the winner. Goodyear Representative To See ChE, EE, ME Seniors T. W. Prior, of the sales^and office personnel 'department, Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, 0., will interview chemical electrical, and mechanical engineering seniors November 10 and 11 for employment following graduation in the Akron concern. Production, research, design, sales, commercial, maintenance, and construction are included in the varied positions open to graduates. Students will start the company’s training course lasting from six to 14 months at a salary of $125 per month. Seniors interested are requested to advise the head of the school concerned for consideration, after reading the material about the company contained in a bulletin, "
Royster Named Head Of Dads Association;
>'5
Succeeds H. Marshall Paul F. Royster, local railroad man and member of the Lafayette school board, Saturday was named president of the Purdue Dads Association to succeed Harry S. Mai’shall, Indianapolis. Arthur McQueen of West Lafayette, was re-elected secretary. Several new directors of the association were nSmed as follows: W. J. Morse, president of the Indianapolis Water Company, and new head of the Purdue Dads Club of Indianapolis; C. C. ^tahn, of Fort Wayne; T. L. Gardner, Louisville, Ky., and H. W. Reimann, Shelbyville. The meeting of the executive committee was in connection with the Dads’ Day program which attracted several thousand fathers and mothers of Purdue students here for the program which included a co-ed hockey game and Dads’ luncheon attended by 700. t "" President' E. C. JEliott, the principal speaker, invited the parents to make suggestions about the University for improvement of courses or relationships with Students or parents. ^ , Davis To Appear As Playshop Guest Aijisrs Guest players for the Playshop production, Hatcher HugheS’ “HellBqnt Fer Heaven” on the opening evening, November 29, include Loy Davis, member of the University English staff, and Cary Vaughn, 1937 graduate of the University. The production, scheduled to be held in the newly conditioned stage and auditorium of Eliza Fowler Hall, features the pair of artists, Playshop" Director H. Kenn Carmichael’s statement said, as usual in the opening nights of Purdue's plays. Miss Vaughn has accepted the role of “Jude,” a young girl who provides the stimulus for the romantic elements of the story. Davis will portray the difficult part of “Rufe.” The balance of the cast includes Virginia Lee Ruddell, Burt Fielding, Robert Heine, Victor Somogyi, and Henry Baugh.
Exponent Schedules Freshman and sophomore work schedules have peen completed, and are posted on the bulletin boards of both East and West side offices of the Exponent. J. E. Brock. Managing Editor.
Mercury Solution Flows Down Throat Off. L. Reeves^ HI John Louis Reeves III, ertswhile bacteriology instructor, partook of a bichloride of mercury solution in his Stanley Coulter abode yesterday afternoon while laboring with a container of the salt. Young Reeves endeavoured to prevent a potential flood, caused by a defective siphoning apparatus and laboratory water faucet, and accidentally swallowed a sufficient quantity of the irritable liquid to lay the robust gentlman low. Dr. Sayers J. Miller announced last night the instructor was in a satisfactory condition. Th^ full extent Of the damage to the scene of of the accident cannot be ascertained for several days, Dr. Miller concluded in his statement yesterday.
PnsidentEIIMtTt Address Senior Ed, Co-Ed Counselors President E. C. Elliott will speak to senior co-ed and ed counselors when they meet this afternoon to shape plans for helping freshmen. Dr. Elliott will discuss “On What Problems We Should Advise Freshmen and How We Should Do It.” The counselors, high ranking co-ed and eds, are meeting together for the third time this year to learn about problems freshmen face, and how they can be solved. The meeting will be held at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the secondfloor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Jim Davis, assistant personel director, urges all counselors to attend this meeting.
Singers, Dancers, Stooges Try Out For Black, Tan Fantasy
By H. I. Stanback “My stardust melody!—Oh, darn, I fotget the words—The mmm mm of mmmm mmmmm. Well, anyway that’s my arrangement of it.” “Come on, ponies, let’s gallop! It’ll be a free-for-all, and may the best legs win.” “Who’s next to tryout? There’s room for plenty of talent in this show.” The Union tower room housed this scene of hectic activity recently as tryouts began for the “Black and Tan Fantasy” of 1937.” More than 20 students informally tried their acts before Eastburn, Millholland and Taylor, Union vice-presidents, who’ll produce the show. Pony Chorus Whipped Into Shape Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton began whipping their pony chorus into shape. Incidentally, about 25 co-eds tried out for this pony chorus. Frankie Eastburn confidentially whispered that the final pick for the pony group will be made on the basis of legs, dancing ability, and curves, probably in the order named. Tentative casting plans place Dick Craig in the lead as interlocutor for this annual Student Union-produced minstrel show. End men will include Dave Thompson, Tevy Spencer, Jerry Ciral, and Stub Meier. Varying from “red-hot and blue”
Script Contest Offers Trophy To Students For the second time this year, the Ray M. ^outhworth trophy will be awarded for the best student-writ-ten script. Any student, organized or unaffiliated, is eligible for entry provided he has had no professional experience. Plays submitted must be original; adaptations will be automaticaly disqualified. Last year marked the origination of the contest because of a need for suitable plays and skits for Radio Stage, PIA skit shop, and Tower Theatre. The trophy will hence]^orth be an annual award for students interested in play Avriting. Manuscripts will be accepted up to and including December 10 by Don Wells in the PIA office. Radio and one-act plays should be limited so as not to exceed a production length of 30 minutes, while skits should run between 15 and 30 minutes. PIA reserves the right to produce and experiment with the manuscript. If the play finds an outside buyer, the writer shall receive 50 per cent of the net sale price, PIA retaining the balance. ^ Last year’s winner of the award was A.A. Radkey for “Experiment.” Radkey is now employed with station WLW and the National Broadcasting Company as a continuity wi'iter.
to slow and sweet, seven ed and coed singers displayed their vocal wares at the tryout session. Don Muller, perennial tap dancer, shook the floor with a new tap routine, but really brought the house down with a slightly risque but exhilaratingly funny song. Choose Pony Chorus Final tryouts were held at which the following girls were chosen: Mafgaret Stocker, Mary Jean Sefton, Willie Gross, RutlT Bennett, Dorothy Kolar, Thelma Goodman, Jean Jones, and Harriet Shepard. Frankie requested these girls to report to the tower room today, at 4 p. m., at which time their measurements for costumes wil be taken. As yet the names of the complete cast have not been released, but further tryouts will be held tomorrow at 4, in the same room. The Black and Tan Fantasy will be presented free of charge in the Union ballroom at 8 o’clock Thanksgiving night, November 25. Senate To Open Doors For Students Tonight; To Discuss Elections Dan Rohyans, Senate president, announced yesterday that all students who are interested in the Student Senate may attend the meeting tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room C of the Memorial Union Building. Members of the Senate will discuss the final date of the Prom and Gala Week elections which their committee tentatively set at its last meeting. Rohyans stated last night that the date may possibly be moved one week ahead or back. Barn Yard Frolic Tickets dh Sale; Bud KnfaidTaPlay Tickets for the Barn Yard Frolic will go on sale today at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk. Bud Bryant’s campus band will play for the dance which will be held on the evening of November 12 in the Union ballroom. Costumes will be worn to the dance, but they will be subjected to censorship. Physia Deveioiuneiit Is Feature Of Teachers' Meet . 'i 5 . Approximately 76 teachers from Indiana colleges and universities met here this week-end in the annual meeting of the Indiana Physics Teachers’ Association. A resume of new developments in the field of physics was given by speakers from Purdue, Indiana, Valparaiso, and No^e Dame univeieities, Indiana State Teachers’ College, and St. Marys of the Woods.'1 ( \
(tr;
THE PUBDUE EXPONEE4T
tuesday^ November 2, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Ponnded in 1889
Bditorikl Phone 8037 Cemptw Subecriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
BuBinesB Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 i>er year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P. Manion
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS JD A. Bailey, L. S Hardin, C D Sohroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R Vance
CO-ED EDITOR ASSOCIATE EDITORS
Sally McKee
Co-ed Staff
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller Bnsiness Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertisinr Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER . R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. GilHlan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER — M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR _ _ R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS, J. S. Brown, R. L McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
NIGHT EDITOR
Vance November 2, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Tafel
Any letter to the editor must not exceed ISO WORDS in lenyth, and must be accompanied by tihe writer's sig-
nature.
Unless Otherwise requested, the anther’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein. Does Brock Have Proof? Dear Editor: ^ We were pleased to note your Sunday’s sample of a letter “of reasonable length ” This, however, is not the point we originally meant to bring up. Would you kindly explain just how crowded conditions are in the Exponent office that the managing editor IS forced to write a letter to the editor-in-chief to tell him some-
thing ?
Mr. Brock claims that he has proof of all statements he made in his short letter. If it is at all possible for you to make your way through the melee to his desk tonight, we suggest ^at you sort of stagger over and ask for them on the QT. D. H. Carson F. E. Reese E. W. Bondy D. D. Karr R. L. Behlmer A. P. Leisher 0, W. Brackman D. E. Lowman H. O. Holliday J. B. Manson B. D. Morgan 1. Van Brunt A. B. Huston. P.S. We think the letter was (censored) anyhow? —Ditto.
Dear Ditto: That specification “of reasonable length” was recently changed to “150 words in length.” The qualification was set so we might be able to publish as many letters as possible in our limited space. The limit, however, is not enforced to the word as you may have observed at various times. We merely reserve the right to edit lengthy letters down to 150 words if necessary to insure their publication. Concerning Mr. Brock’s letter, we are glad to explain both the length and our position as editor in printing it. We read the letter several times and discussed it thoroughly with the writer before approving it. Mr. Brock, as a member of the Exponent staff, may write editorials for publication in our columns reserved for that purpose. After talking over the article with him however we decided that it did not represent the Exponent’s opinion exactly, and therefore should not be run as an editorial. So we published Mr. Brock’s leticle as a “Letter to the Editor,” and used his nanye so our readers might have some basis for evaluating the letter. We thought that letter was particularly valuable to our readers because it presented a side of Mr.
Lash’s life not written up in the publicity sent over from the Purdue Student Alliance. We believe University students should listen to any talk with questioning, if not skeptical, minds. Several students thought Mr. Brock’s letter was well taken, and said so. A letter from a Huntington, (Ind) reader of the Exponent says, “Your editorial was great— more like you is what the U. S. A.
needs.”
In his letter Mr. Brock stated he had proof for his statements available; he now insists on showing that proof to us and anyone else who doubts his veracity. We are going to meet Mr. Brock in the Union lobby at 3:30 o’clock this afternoon, and he promises to show us printed support for his assertions. If you thirteen gentlemen will “stagger” over to the Union at that time your doubts may be dispelled. —^The Editor. Brock’s Letter Was Good Publicity For PSA Dear Editor: The Purdue Student Alliance can indeed be grateful for the gratui tous publicity received through the efforts of Mr. J. E. Brock in Sunday’s Exponent. Part of the interested crowd of about 125 who were on hand to hear Mr. Joseph Lash were no doubt attracted to the Union Building by the ear-splitting summons, “Lash is a Communist
Is he?
You can ask almost anyone of those who heard him speak and you will get fully as reliable an answer as Mr. Brock’s. The answer they will give IS based on first hand information and not on second hand sources such as Mr. Brock seems to rely on. If Mr. Brock had any proof of his charges, why didn’t he present it? The quotations from Mr. Lash’s book “Revolt on the Campus” are so mild and temperate that even such a timid soul as the leading pacifist in England, George Lansbury, can subscribe to them. Apparently if one is to be charitable to Mr. Brock one must assume him guilty of a certain loose usage of language according to which President Roosevelt is likewise labeled by some a communist. Or else that in Mr. Brock’s vocabulary a communist is anyone who woiks foi peace before war comes No doubt, Mr. Brock lemembeis Gen. Smedley Butler’s assertion William Randolph Heaist precipitated the Spanish-Ameilean war; that we didn’t know till Morgan balanced his books in 1916 which side we should be on in the World War; that wars have always been started by those few who hoped to profit from them and fought by those who stood to lose most by them—in short that war is a racket. Yet no one was so brash as to assert that Gen. Butler was a communist merely because he had said some of the things communists and
socialists have been claiming for years. The presence of a number of the ROTC officers, unarmed, at the meeting may surprise Mr. Brock in view of the supposed danger involved. Contrary to their usual custom for events of this sort they did not leave before the end of the program. Apparently they found Mr. Lash an interesting and persuasive speaker, as did the rest of those present. The only charge made by Mr. Brock which needs to be taken seriously relates to the American Policy of Neutrality. Mr. Lash took no “subscriptions to be turned over to the Loyalist government,” as was charged by Mr. Brock. The money he received was expressly designated for use in caring for the many homeless children — approximately 900,000 in Loyalist Spain. If this IS intervention then the Purdue Student Alliance, and many other organizations, must plead guilty. F. E. Visscher, Graduate student and member PSA.
Five O'clock November 2 Your DEBRIS is GOING UP $^1^.00 j-Q $^|||,*50
By Sally McKee A tip from the boys, for the girls, about the Military Ball, Friday. If your escort is going to wear a tux you needn’t worry, but the boys advise those of you who are going with a junior or senior officer not to wear a dress easily damaged by snagging or easily torn on sharp points. Our particular male informant displays the silk lining of his suede jacket, worn over his own medals, punctured and ripped, as proof that brajd and buttons and folderol do not treat fine material very well. Lace, he suggests, would be too, too tempting to the points of medals and insignia.
HANDS ACROSS THE HALLEE We saw this interesting little drama take place in the Union lobby the other day. Bob Hoffer, Fisigh pledge, and Helen Fleming strolling along. Miss Fleming reaches timidly for Master HoHer’s hand, which he draws very quickly away. Gathering more courage she then reaches for his hand again, but he resists stubbornly. After repeated unsuccessful attempts to capture said hand. Miss Fleming stops and exclaims, “Say, don’t you WANT to hold my hand?” Master Hoffer (stiffly), “Certainly not. I do not approve of the practice in public.” Sig Brewer and Fisigh Harper are having a meiry battle over Valerie Armstrong. They have divided between them dates with her for the rest of the big affairs this year. What we want to know is . . . who’s the fish? (It looks like Harper because he fell so hard he fractured a rib.) Warning to Janet Roper: If Lowell McNeil tries to break that date with you for the Military Ball, don’t believe an excuse he hands out. He’s heard how much people are paying for tickets and the lust for filthy lucre has gone to his head. He now wants to sell his ticket. Shades of Johnny Drake . . . Bill Shipley, Delt playboy, has pinned down Treena Torrenga, brunette secretary in Val’s office. I will pay anyone $5 (five good dollars) for an idea on how to get rid of this fraternity pin I have been wearing. I can’t think of an excuse and I don’t want to hurt the poor boy’s feelings. Worriedly, , Mary Huffine (Call the Alpha Chi house) —Paid Advertisement. Additions to the Slanguage department: Circumvent . . . meaning to “get around” on the campus. Come on, you lugs, do some “chcumventing” and send in your contribs for those MARS DOUBLE PASSES. Drop contribs in the box or send them to the Exponent office.
New Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. 10 Lessons $6.00 payable, $3.00 on the first lesson, the balance on the third lesson. THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts., Phone 2150
KEEP TRIM Get your haircut for the Military Ball at
RED’S BARBER SHOP
327 State St.
West Lafayette
‘There’s that fresh flirt again—I suppose I might as well make a date with him and tell him where he gets off!”
By Mary Cooley “De-emphasized football is a reality at Johns Hopkins University. The football financing problem has been solved to the joy of fans by allowing everybody to go to the game on passes. Ticket takers, hereafter, will only glance at “guest cards.” The cards are available to all askers and cost nothing. Each card will be food for “bearer” and all comers—the card owner can play host to his friends and relatives at will. Under the new plan—never before attempted by a modern-day university—Johns Hopkins will never pay nor accept gurantees, will finance its own ti ips away and expect visiting teams to do the same. I> >!• I|! * Coopeiative purchase of supplies by fraternities and sororities at Ohio State University saved them 16 pel cent on $90,000 worth of provisions during the last year. This year 33 fraternities and eight soiorities have joined forces uniting their purchasing power. There
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
Edw. Everett Horton
in
“WILD MONEY ” —AND— KENT TAYLOR NAN GREY in “Love in a Bungalow”
TODAY — TOMORROW
REATIN'SW tOMBSHHLL WITH HIS FIST
laWAIO L AlPillON pr«t«Ht«
S:
« wvuKiiunoiw (wmai''X
iVELYin»AW WILLIMI rMWUV
« werM stNCtnwfia raepocTioN tafinri ty tlM MflM
Also March of Time
are now only five fraternities and 12 sororities not included in the group, the majority of these being relatively small. Forty-six of the 58 fraternities now have “A” credit ratings, with the others rapidly reducing their financial obligations. When the auditing division was established on its present basis four years ago, fraternities owed creditors approximately $66,000. This has now been reduced to $15,000. Students at Columbia University who take the psychology tests find it pays to talk back. If they’re asked to “moo like a cow” they’re given a high rating if they nonchalantly moo, and toss back some flippant comment. Getting embarrassed gives them a poor mark. And an occasional “what-the-hell” during the examination lated better than “Yes, sir.” The idea is to measure self-confi-dence, agressiveness and dominance.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Mr. PAUL MUNI
it«u< of E«l.
GAL£ SOMDEICAAAO . JOSKMl ACHIUlKlAIIT • CImU . »Miaj Criv . U. . |(Uv «nMI • !«. »■«—rf I, watiMi Dhliifc . JbM. fhy ky Ihawi lUOy fctai. Hms Bill, ,A-
\.
f '1
Tuesday. Novembeif 2. 1037
T«E PDBPOE EXPONENT
125 Frosh Report To 'Piggy' Lambert For } Pre-Season Tryouts With about 125 freshmen reporting nightly to battle for a place on Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s freshman basketball roster, and several of last year's varsity squad members pegging away at the basket in a preseason warm-up the winter court sealSon seems well under way in the Memorial 'Gymnasium. “Piggy” Lambert has charge of the frosh until Fehring’s football duties are over, and expects to divide the boys into two squads. The two groups will practice on alternate nights, and the number wil 'be gradually cut down to about 30 men by the end of the football season. Although no call has been made for the varsity men, many-of them are working out a little each night to round themselves into condition to go at full speed when regular practice gets started. The varsity has a hard schedule ahead of it, but gets a swell trip thrown in for its labor. After several preliminary games before the Christmas holidays, the team journeys out to the west coast to meet the University of Southern California and the University of California at Los Angeles. The Big Ten schedule will not get under way until after the holidays.
SOFTBALL —Today—4:15— Field 3—Ward 13 vs. Ward 2X—Igney. 17—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 2— Mang^as.
Twenty Co-Eds Report For Women's Fencing Squad Twenty girls reported at the first meeting yesterday in the Women’s Gym for the Co-ed fencing team, under the instruction of Jim Reynolds. Reynolds has included i^n the course a thorough foundation in position and fundamentals. The team, sponsored by WAA, has its own equipment and in no way is dependent upon the men’s department. It plans intercollegiate fencing contests later in the year. Advanced classes will be held if enough girls who have had previous training are intferested in continuing their practice.
TOUCHBALL —Today—4:15— Field 1'—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma.Nu— 'Boyer. 2— Sigma^Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi—Gaparoso. 3— ^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Tau KapI pa EpsiloU'—Juillard. 4— ^Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha— Kerber. 5— Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Mu— Smithson. 6— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Chi—Troyer. 7— ^Acacia vs. Delta Chi—^VanHook 8— Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi—Wallace. 9— Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi —Leppla. 10— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Kappa Delta Rho—Briscoe. 11— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Chi— Metz. V
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Do you tire of the same kind of food every day? ' ^ ' I When you ec^t in the Union Cafeteria your meals are planned by a Trained Director I who makes possible , your well balanced diet of Fresh, Wholesome Food jM fiwviwL WummiaL UnwfL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
C£ciL. msLjL-'pmoB
Leading the Boilermaker backs in their superb offensive exhibition last Saturday, Cec* Isbell and Lou Brock gave promise of developing into a backfield combination which may surpass that of Carter and Purvis Purdue’s “TouchdoM^n Twins” of a few seasons back, before the year’s play is completed. For three years Cec has been regular halfback on the Boilermaker squad and this year seems destined to win All-American honors. By many writers, he is considered the best all-round back in the Big Ten. Lou Brock can rightfully be called Purdue’s sophomore “find,” and-the brilliant ball lugging, line smashing, driving, passing, and kicking which he exhibited against Iowa will long be remembered by Boil-
ermaker fans.
—TODAY— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—^The Home Builders, Alberta Thelen, Margaret Jones. 11:30—Catherine Shearer, contralto. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 1^:15—Luncheon'Dance Time! 12:30—Russ, Bob, and Martha. 12:45-^Tom Stephenson, baritone. 1:00—'-Journalism Today, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:16—Electrical Shop, Professor Beck. 1:30—Birth of the News. 1:46—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Story Time. 2:16—Metal Shops, Prof. J. D. Hoffman. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—^Treasure Chest, John Dietrich. ( 3:00—British Isles Talk. 3:15—Ivah Swaynie, soprano. 3:30—Melody Review.
Fraternity Bowlers Resume Play Tonight; 22 Teams Entered, Although interrupted last week by the convocation, the fraternity bowling tournament, being held every Tuesday night in the Memorial Union Alleys, will continue regular play tonight. The teams which were scheduled to roll last week, as well as those originally scheduled for tonight, will bowl. These include the Theta Chis
Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa Sigma Tie, 2-2; Will Protest Tying Run Play Last night’s semi-final game in the fraternity softball tourney between the Alpha Gamm Rho’s and Phi Kappa Sigs ended in a tie, with the Alpha Gamma Rhos making a protest and putting the outcome in quite a muddle. With two men out in the last half of the fifth and Alpha Gamma Rho ahead 2 to 1, a Phi Kap scored from third on the throw from the catcher to the pitcher without any play being made for the man. The protest is being made on the rule that a man can score from third only on a hit ball or on a play made for him. The protest will be filed in the intramural office and be acted on by a board made up of student managers today. The outcome will not be known until this afternoon, but the winner of this game will meet the finalist in the other bracket. Phi Delta Theta, for the championship. The game was well played, as the teams were held to two hits each and but two errors marred the contest. Phi Kappa Sigma opened the scoring with a run in the last of the first inning, but Alpha Gamma Rho came back in the third to score two. The final scoring was on the protested play in the last of the fifth.
-A-
who will bowl the D.U.’s at 7 o’clock the Phi Pi Phis vs. Theta Taus at 7 o’clock. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon at 9 o’clock, and Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma at 9 o’clock. Twenty-two fraternities have entered teams in the tournament, which is sponsored by the Union, and eight teams are scheduled to bowl each Tuesday night. Four alleys are reserved for tournament play, which is expected ito last until after Christmas.
Upsels Reduce List Of Unbeaten Elevens From Nine To Four By R. L. McDonald After another week-end of smashing upsets the list of major teams remaining in the unbeaten column has been reduced to four with the South and West dominating the nation’s football from this angle. Although introduced in the East and adopted in the Mid-West neither of these sectors could boast of one untied undefeated eleven in their gridiron territory after the week-end’s gridiron casualties which reduced the select group from nine to four. Alabama representing the South, Baylor the Southwest, and California and Santa Clara from the Pacific coast were the only teams to escape annihilation. Hopes were shattered, hearts were broken when the Mid-West’s sole remaining prospect was defeated 7-10 by Villanova, Holy Cross was tied 0-0 by Temple, Vanderbilt was dropped 14-0 by Georgia Tech, and Yale and Dartmouth fought to a 9-9 stand-off at New Haven while 71,000 spectators yelled themseves to 71,000 cases of laryngitis. Alabama, crushing Kentucky 41-0, continued it’s steady march toward a Rose Bowl invitation and captured undisputed lead in the strong Southeastern Conference, as Baylor defeated a hard fighting T.C.U. team 6-0 to remain among the unconquered. Meanwhile California’s strong men were defeating U.C.L.A. 27-14 in a Conference game which proved the Bruin’s to be the strongest Pacific Coast candidates. Santa Clara, small neighbor of the huge Berkeley school walloped Marquette 38-0 in the annual intersectional charity affair to remain unbeaten.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
H. G. “Deac” REISNER SeUs the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes
SiENEW SHAPES « FINISHES fbotd'Se
—ysp-
•1
PMHEEBOOFVAmE
FlNESr KRIAB HONEY
CAN BUV
FILTER^^OOLED MEDICO SOMETHING WONDERFUl. GOES ON INSIDE: It has the onl^ Fat’d filter combining. moisture'proof Cel-j lophane exterior and| 66 Baffle absorbent mesh screeninterior; resulting in greatest ^scientific pi^e wok> I ing invtodoD ever known. Prevents tongue bite, raw month, wet heel, bad odor, firequent expectoratioB. No breaking in. Improves thetasteand aromaofany ttdiaooo.
lEIBIIE FIlTEit FIR MEBKOriKt ME mm II rail REi HfttiPWK
For this occasion, we are prepared to offer the latest floral creations for personal adornment. New and original creations for the hair, shoulder bouquets and wristlets.
Phone 5432
Mr. E. H. Harvey, nationally known creator of new modes in flower styles, who is in charge of our designing department, will be glad to consult with you on special arrangements.
Please pierce your order early
^hiai Qompanif,
527 Main StitC
m.
THE PURDUE E2CPONENT
Tuesday. November 2. 1937
University Calendar
—TODAY—
Dist, Recreational Training School Faculty lounge of the Union. Soil Conservation Meeting: Room A
of the Union.
Broadcast: Room C of the Union.
Auditorium of H.
Parents’ Institute
Ec. Building.
Parents’ Institute: Cafeteria supper, Cafeteria of H. Ec. Building.
Animal Husbandry Club Meeting: Room 118 of Ag Hall.
Debate Managers’ Meeting: Room B of the Union.
AIChE Meeting: Reception room of the Union.
Ceres Meeting: Room D of the Un-
Forestry Club: Room 109 of the Horticultm-al Building.
Student Senate Meeting: Room C of the Union.
Lafayette Musical Society Program: Music room of the Union.
Mohiman Debate Managers
Convene In Union
Tonight
All organizations desiring to en ter the Mohiman intramural debate for men must have their managers present tonight in room B of the Union Building to enroll teams and discuss the proposition to be debated, according to W. J. Gillilan, intramural debate manager. He further stated that these organizations must pay a two dollar entry fee.
Shinn Grooms PIA Dance
Band For Future Affair
Art Shinn, with his new 15-piece orchestra, plans to have the organization ready to play for the PIA tea dance, November 13. At their first practice Sunday afternoon in the tower room of the Union, the orchestra studied Tommy Dorsey’s arrangement of “Josephine.” Plans were also made for appearances at future Independent nights and tea dances. The band will also play for the Dance Class dance, December 10.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
fold fountain pen. Please call Creager, 66112. Reward.
Notices
M* Natie«a Aeea^t«4 After •
AIChE: Student branch meeting in the reception room of the Union Building, November 2 at 7:30 p. m. . —JACOBI.
PIA: Advanced dancing class meet in the ballroom at 4 p. m. instead of 7:30 on November 1. — —CLYMEK.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of all pledges November 2, at 7:30 p. m. in the Armory. —AULL.
Anihial Husbandry Club: Meeting November 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 118 of Agricultural Hall. —GOBBLE.
WAA Cabin Leadership Course: First aid meeting will be held November 3, 7 :15 p.m. at the Women’s Gym. —SWICK.
Christian Science Organization: Kegular meeting will be held in room F of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. November 2. —WINTER.
YWCA: Music group meeting November 2 in the YWCA office at 4 p. m. —ZUSSIN.
Co-ed Debate: A meeting of all women interested in co-ed debating will be held ovember 2 at 7 :30 in room 301 University Hall. —EHINGER.
FOR RENT — Very desirable double room. 132 Sheetz. Phone 7242.
Omicron Nu: Debris pictures will not be made November 2. —MURPHY.
FOR RENT — One-half double room. 462 Vine street. Phone 31793.
LOST—At tennis courts, pen with name Eugene H. Duval. Phone 5071 Reward.
WASHINGS WANTED—Expert hand ironer, soft water. Give us a trial. Phone 7255.
Any member of i a fraternity or recognized men’s organization is eligible to participate excepting the members of or a past member of intercollegiate debate squads.
FOR RENT—Student room. 118 N. Main street. Phone 36193.
LOST—Tiny gold baseball medal Saturday. Call 4051, Jean Pray. Reward.
Scrivener: Meeting November 2 at 8 p.m. at 125 West Lutz street. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Debris Sales Staff: Very important that all salesmen report to turn in all sales books November 2 at 4 oclock at Debris office. —SIEBENTHAL.
YWCA: Music group meeting November at 4 oclo’ck in the YWCA office. —ZUSSIN.
ASME: The group picture of the ASME
for the 1938 Debris has been postponed until November 16 at 7:40 p. m. in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Watch for later announcements. —WOLVERTON.
Purdue Engineer: Subscribers who have not yet paid, please do so before November 7 at the Union 'desk. —HAMMER. 1
Newman Club: Meeting of executive committee at 7:30 in Union Building. Social committee please attend. ** —VON HARZ.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Meeting for all home economics women Noveinber 4, at 7 p. m. in peasant room of the Union. Dean Stratton will speak. . / —DE WITTE.
Hockey: Sophomores vs. Juniors at 4 p.m. November 2. —DOBSON.
Sophomore Union Worker/; My commit-
tee please report 'to tower room at 4 p. m. November 2. —garland.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our committees report for work at 4 p. m., November 2, in the work t'obm. —MATTHEWS. MASON, HARPER, SAMUELSON.
Sophomore Ifnion Workers: Our committees please report at 4 p. m. November 2 in the Union office. —WOOD, CROSSMAN, JACOBSON, CABONARGI.
WAA Riflery: Practice November 2. At 6:15, Ward 2; at 7:00, Alpha Xi Delta; at 7:46, WRH South; at 8:30, Alpha, Chi Omega. —CHRISTENSON.
Senate: Meeting November 2 at 7:30 p.m. in room C of the Union. —ROHYANS.
- Motorcycle Riders: Sign your name be-
fore November 8 on the paper at the mam Union desk for the purpose of getting official recognition of the PifrdUe Cycle Club, —GLENN.
YWCA Personal Relations Committee: Important meeting November 8 at 4 o’clock in the YWCA office in the Union Building. —HEINE.
Industrial Education Society: Supper meeting in Union Cafeteria November 2 at 5:46. Ali Industrial Education students invited. —MOORE.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting November 3 at 7 p. m. in the Michael Golden Shops. Visitors welcome. —MOORE.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will be given special credit if they work on Military Ball decorations in Union work shop November 2 at 7 o'clock. —^MASON.
The Convenience and Satisfaction of Expert Dry Cleaning You can be ready for every unexpected social engagement, it you keep your clothes constantly good looking by frequent Crown Cleaning.
FINECLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES „WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
FOR RENT—Half double room. 462 Vine. Phone 31793.
LOST—Pearl green Parker Duo-
• the Pursue Exponent
Service Directory
Bitokstorea —
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT C. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Yt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Oppoeite Post Office
— Photography ——
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Shoe Repair -
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Locksmith —•
“C” CARTER
for
Keys — Leeka — General Repairing Bicycle Rentela and Repairtifg Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Florist
Domer’s Flower Shop Quaiity Flower* Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S
FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclnsive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Studenta. 527 Main Phone 5432
Dine
fiudijiu
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Read
Confectionery
Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Cream
and Candy
Glotz's Confectionery
Mean cmd Sixth Sts.
k I
H ERE’S ‘excitement, football, and love, crammed into a fast new novel by the man who wrote “Pigskin Preview” . . . AllAmerican prospect Larry Todd hits the campus and declares one-man war against professional, “razzle-dazzle” style football. He even steals the coach’s girl! In four fast installments, starting today.
WU J'''"- , . ^
in anythiiig is a trying
“Following a 8®’^' one Rock.’ • y •
rde to play. There was only
Thus Coach E mer • f ^ow ^ Charles Moran, for the a team
the job ot
BEGIN A NEW NOVEL of dove and high-pressure football (.FRANCIS WALUCE
Author of-Kid Galahad** and **The Double Ride**
Oiarles Moran, for coaeWng a team Su to tchodulot,
winning. ______
withathou,anar.^^._^^
iiocKHt
SHORTSTORIES an air transport
air transport Don t > an air T.vou Know K»y> ^ Attwell. • •
^ ... Plow t<
tjcitc.., , a Movie, SPEClAtAKTlCUS;-^
China's
aaainst Japan, W ^J ^
"W. w
aew movie story
serials, editorials.
4
mmm