fAi
' * "bx'V’V.fe, ’ r’b'ibbb.-YVb -/'-■'i?'! ' ,
It Is YOUR Priviledge / And Duty To VOTE Today
jOaf/y St*tc«
Volume 52, No. 49
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 5, 1940
Co-eds Meet i For Speech Competition 7 Of 33 Semi-Finalists Sent To Final Round In Home Ec Auditorium Seven freshman co-eds will compete otnight in the finals of the thirteenth annual Lodde speech contest at 7:30 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium. The con1 testants, who were selected fi’om 33 semi-finalists, are: Gwendolyn Retzloff, Bernadine Lamb, Betty Wedge, Mary Jane Dayton, Betty Lou Wallace^ Ann Ostrander and Mabel Vaughen. Each speech will last from 10 to 15 minutes. In the past the individual winner has received g. plaque, but a cup ' will be awarded this year. The organization winning the most points in the contest will also receive a cup, which becomes the permanent possession of the group winning the contest three times. Judges for the Lodde contest are Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Miss Clare Coolidge, Fred C. Goldsmith and Prof. P. E. Lull.. The following organizations are represented in the finals: Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta, Pi Beta Phi, WRH South and independent co-ed groups, n.a.o. Campus Beauties' Entry Blanks Due Thursday Afternoon Deadlifte for entries in the annual Debris Beauty contest is Thursday at 4:30 o’clock. The contest will be held Saturday, November 16, from 7 to 8:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. Earl Carrol will judge the contest. This year the contest will be conducted on a representative basis with 11 independent co-eds from the campus, 16 co-eds from the Women’s Residence Halls and three from each sorority. Last Year’s Winners Not Eligible Winners of last year’s contest will —not be eligible for competition this year. Freshman co-eds can not represent their sororities but may represent WRH or the independents. Independent representatives will be chosen by the PIA executive board. The rules for this section are: 1. Any student can submit the name of any independent co-ed on the campus at the PIA ofiice. 2. The co-ed must norhe a resident of WRH. ^ 3. Any freshman co-ed is considered an independent even if pledged to a sorority. 4. Co;:eds will wear street dresses when judged. 5. Entries must be in before 5 o’clock tomorrow in the box outside the PIA ofiice. Eliminations for the independent co-eds will be Thurs- ' day night at 7:30 in the Union. From all of the contestants twenty finalists will be chosen November 16. Pour of these will be chosen as the winners and will have full page pictures in the Debris, a.c. Sigma Nu . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert Arthur Paetz, Indianapolis; John Heifron Armstrong, Canandaigua, N. Y.; Ralph Allen Dise, Cleveland Hts., Ohio; George Francis Norris, Loogootee; Arthur F. Pier, Highland Park, 111.; John Felix Wilcox, Evansville; Allen David Lodge, Robinson, 111.; Philip Grant Magner, Wabash) Alfred William Hubert, Indianapolis; and Cal Sheehy, Chi- ** cago, 111. o.l.a.
Blanding Here For Vocational Conference By Mary Louise Losey The WSGA Vocational Guidance Conference, November 12 and 13, will bring back to the University Dean ^arali Blanding of Kentucky university. Dean Blanding is one of the best known women in educational circles today. She is president of the National Association of Deans of Womerf, a member of the National Advisory Board of the YWCA, the Executive Board of the Council of Guidance and Personnel Associations, and the Board of Trustees of the Alliance for Guidance of Rural 'Youth, and serves as educational chairman for the American Association of University Women in the state of Kentucky. From “Old Kentucky” Aside from her educational activities, she truly upholds all the traditions of “Old Kentucky.” She lives in her lovely, typically southern home called “Riverside” -situated thirteen miles fJom Lexington. There she can browse in her library, for her great hobby is collecting books. She is also a keen sportswoman, and, as might be expected, highly-bred horsey are found on her farm. In the summer time she conducts “Trails End,” a camp for girls located near her farm. Dean Blanding, known to her numerous friends as “Miss Sally,” is a tall, athletic-looking person who delights in doing the unusual. Her brilliant conversation and original ideas make her a speaker well worth hearing. All those who have heard ■ her or know her enthusiastically praise this interesting and dsmamic personality. * Dr. Gilbreth To Talk At Home Economics Meeting Saturday Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will be the main speaker at the home economics convention to be held Saturday, November 16, in Bloomington. Purdue, DePauw and Indiana xmiversities. Ball State College and Illinois State Teachers College are the schools which will be represented at the convention. ' According to Miss Margaret Bee- . man, of the home economics school, state sponsor of the convention, a ' bus will be chartered for University students who wish to attend. For reservations call Agnes McCullough or Miss Beeman. At the Virginia C. Meredith meeting Monday, November 11, a delegate will be elected to represent the University at tlje convention. A style show in which two girls from every class will model clothes supplied by Loeb’s, will be given at this meeting, v.m.b. Today Ends Senior lU Ticket Exchange The exchange of senior coupons for reserved seats at the Indiana game on November 28 will end today, according to an annoimcement received yesterday from C. S. Doan, manager,of ticket sales. The junior tickets will be exchanged tomorrow and Thursday, the bulletin went on to say. Sophomore tickets will be exchanged next week, Monday and Tuesday, while the freshman tickets will be exchanged Wednesday and Thurs/iay of next week. ' Students desiring' seats outside the regular student sections may do so upon payment of the federal tax. e.g.k. Dean Stratton . . . will travel to Manhattan, Kans., this week to speak to the Kansas State Deans’ association which is in session November 8-9.
Heaviest Vote In Nation's Charlie
Barnet For Military Ball
History Predicted For Today In Close Presidential Race
Wendell L. Willkie
Country Life Ass'n Here Tomorrow For National Meeting “Building Rural Communities” ■ will be the central theme of the national conference of the American Country Life Association that opens on the campus tomorrow and will continue through Saturday. Also incluuded in the conference will be meetings of the youth section of the Association. \ Conference officials expect representatives from' the ranks of older 4-H club organizations. Future Farmers of America, home economics clubs and junior divisions of farm organizations to attend jbhe youth section meetings which begin tomorrow. Registration The conference will open tomorrow afternoon at 1 o’clock with registration of the youth groups, who ‘ will then meet for a get-acquainted dinner in room 363 of the Union at 6 o’clock. George Doup, president of the Indiana rural youth, will deliver “Greetings” and William Miller, president of the yquth section of the Conutry Life Association, will give a response. Other speakers will be Esther Jane McClaiprock, Paul R. Foster, Baline E. Ebert, Glenn Whetzell and Ida Berger. The days’ activities will close with a social program in the faculty lounges. Meetings of the Country Life Association will get under way Thursday morning with registration from 7 to''8 o’clock, which will be followed by a program of the Christian Rural v Fellowship and a service of wor-
ship.
Thursday meetings of the youth section will open •with an address, “Taking a Look at a Rural Community,” by 161a Meier, Pike County,
Mo. n.a.o.
WSGA Mass Meeting
In Union Tomorrow Bill Martm
Local Precincts Announced For Student Voters
By John Armstrong Weary from three months of campaigning, ^ the nation goes to the polls today in what observers agree is one of-the most crucial elections in its history. University students who are qualified will join with an estimated 50,000,000 voters in the heaviest balloting in history, surpassing the previous record of 45,000,000 set in
1936.,
In the headline presidential battle, last minute polls indicated one of the closest elections since 1916. While there was the usual wide disagreement among the various samplings, with followers of both Roosevelt and Willkie able to find polls predicting a landslide for their candidate, the general opinion seemed to give a/ slight edge to the President, with a strong Willkie shift evident at the close of the campaign. The question apparently is whether this tendency will be continued and. whether it University students who axe registered here in West Lafayette ■will vote at polling places established in the following locations: Precinct Polling Place 1 Klondyke School, R. R. 10. . 2 Soldiers Home, Chapel base-
ment.
3 Fox Den School. 4 Wesley Foundation, State St. 5 Burnhams’ Filling Station, .. State and Main streets. 6 Morton School. 7 Harold’s residence, 105 E. Oak. 8 Fire Station, Northwestern. 9 Lugar’s Garage, 203 W. Stadium. 10 Rawle’s residence, 546 Hayes. 11 Pontius Garage, 124 Russell. will be extensive enough to give the victory to the GOP nominee. Students whose homes are not in Tippecanoe County are not eligible to vote in today’s national election. Those who have not lived in the township and county sixty days prior to the election are not eligible to vote. Political parties will post challengers at polls to challenge questionable votes. Students signing fraudulent affidavits for voting will be dealt with by federal au-
thorities.
Fight For House Control
Also attracting attention despite the vital presidential contest is the fight for contr(d' of the House of Representatives. The Senate, which
(Continued on page 4)
All co-eds are asked to attend the WSGA mass meeting Wednesday at 4 o’clock in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Paula Zwierlein will be in charge. “Typical Gold Digger Date,” a skit in which Pat Frigge and Jim Murphy have leading parts, will be presented.'Joyce Burnham will give a vocational guidance talk and a constitutional revision will be voted on. v.m.b.
•.. . and his band will play for the regular Saturday night mixer from 9-12 p. m. in the North Ballroom'. The admission is one dollar per couple, a.r.w. R, B. Stewart . . . University controller, flew to Detroit yesterday to speak at the afinual fall dinner of the Purdue Parents association. '
Franklin D. Roosevelt Exponent Training Classes Fof Frosh Open This Afternoon Exponent’s training school for freshman eds and co-eds who joined the working staff at the call-out last week will open this afternoon at 4 o’clock when nine men and ten coeds meet in the Union Exponent offices for the first of this week’s three classes. Freshman men on this afternoon’s roll are Bill Ritchie, David Ochiltree, William Carrier, Dale Butz, Allen Cohen, Georgev Zissis, Ralph Eberts, Paul Brink and Walter Rafert. . , , 54 Co-eds Co-eds who are due to today’s class are Betty Wedge, Ricki Kirkpatrick, Betty Ann McCreery, Ann Wickard, Laverne Zeno, Janet Huff, Betty Lois Young, Betty Lou Wallace, Jane Adams and Marilyn Jo Gardner. Registration Still Open Freshmen who missed the callout last week may attend the meetings and can both sign up as a worker and attend the classes at these times. Sports staff freshmen are welcome. Classes will be held tomorrow and Thursday afternoons this week too, the roll for these classes to be announced in the Exponent on that day. Junior editorial members of the staff •will teach the classes that will last not longer than an' hour and a half. Most of this time -will be devoted to actual writing, freshmen working on one-of the news-stories off the desk on that night. The fundamentals of the news-story will be explained before -writing starts, along with those of the feature, news-fea-ture and editorial. Juniors Will Edit Stories After the news-stories are written the junior -will pick a good and a bad one, and read and remark upon them ■without mentioning the name of tjae writers. Next week these same classes will meet “on the other side of the river” in the business and printing plant of the paper. Tliere freshmen will be given close-ups of the mechanical side of the Exponent. Work schedules will also be assigned next week. Come When Called Freshmen are advised to come on the night to which they are as-" signed, unless it is extremely impossible for them to do so. Then they should come to one of the two other meetings that week.
V.
150 Tickets Put On Sale; Gus Arnheim Will Play In Union Cafeteria Charlie Barnet, known as the king of the saxophone, will play for the Military Ball, it was annoimced late last night by the ball committee. Gus Amheim, who was originally signed to play in the Union ballrooms, will now play in the cafeteria. As a result of the signing of Barnet, 150 more tickets -will be put on sale at the cashier’s office in the Administration building this morning. Telegram The announcement of the signing of Barnet came as a result of the following telegram received last night by W. S. Fletemeyer, assistant auditor of student accounts: BILL FLETEMEYER THIS CONFIRMS YOUR ENGAGEMENT CHARLIE BARNET ORCHESTRA NOVEMBER FIFTEENTH HOURS NINE PM TO 1 AM. JAMES A ROBERTS MUSIC AND ENTERTAINMENT Started At 10 Barnet started plajdng the saxophone at the age of 10 and in 1933 organized his first orchestra, opening at the Paramount Grill, New York City. Next came engagements at the New Kenmore, Albany, N. Y.; Pavilion Royale, Valley Stream, Long Island, N. Y.; Park Central Hotel, New York City; the Roosevelt, New Orleans, La.; and the Glen Island Casino. His music has been featured many times on the CBS, NBC and Mutual radio networks and the band has recorded for Brunswick and Victor. ^ I V*’ - j Tau Beta Pi Pledges 3 Juniors, 24 Seniors; Pian initiation Dinner Tau Beta Pi, all engineering honorary, announced their list of fall pledges last night. The list consistsof 24 seniors and th^ee juniors, according to F. C. Goldsmith. Pledges to the engineering honorary are selected from the upper one-fourth of the senior class and usually not more than three from the upper one-eighth of the junior ''class. Private Initiation It is customary for the organization to hold a private initiation banquet in the fall and the faculty and distinguished students’ banquet in the spring. President G. P, Montgomery announced that the fall initiation banquet will be held in the Union on November 27, Speaker^ at the affair will be Dean Potter. Members of the committee for the fall pledging were W. K. Greise and F. C. Goldsmith. The following men were pledged by the organization: Juniors W. J. Boms, ChE; S. H. Munger, ChE; N. A. Ochiltree, ME. Seniors S. Adler, ME; D. 6. Blaine, ME; J. P. Bowling, ME; P. J. Brennan, ME; K. O. Cartwright, EE; B. Golding, ChE; W. C. Hollis, BE; J. F, Hunter, BSE; K. N. Kettnezin^ ChE; W. E. Moss, ChE; M. B. Parker, EE; M. M. Richards, ME; R. P. Ringham, MetE; C. H. RockwoodL ME; A. P. Schnaible, ME; W. ^ Shelmerdine, ME; E. A. Spraker; ChE; B. H. Tsai, EE; P, S. Tse, EE; V. B. Westburg, EE; P. W. Wolver^, ton, ME; W. G. Wright, EE; JT. d Van Horn, ChE; H. J. Zintel, ME.. j.a.h.litk. ■ ^ ■ *■
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# November 5# 1940 v^-
m
itti.
The war deparfment lost a building to fire the other day. Might be fifth column stuff. Might be just plain good old American arson. But it ain’t. We figure. Just housecleaning. We think they must have gotten into somewhat the same condition as we have. With our desk. And oiir filing system. Then along comes this war with a bunch of new orders to file away. And that leaves only one thing to do. Start over. * * ♦ Reminds us of an old Chinese proverb. About a man who kept burning his house down to roast pigs. It was kind of har4 on houses . .. But it roasted pigs! *'*■.*. Now we don’t begrudge the war department a new building. And they can touch a match to theirs anytime they want to straighten out their filing system. But they could have been considerate enough to have had our draft number in this one. . ■ , J|t )|c !): Well, today’s the day. Everybody who is—votes. And some who isn’t. Even Mr. Hitler is concerned. He’s backing Wendell. And with the condition of the voting lists, we say that the Democrats better be on the look out. Or he’s liable to sneak in and cast a ballot. ” * * * We’ve been noticing a lot of flags hanging about lately. Something to do with the war in Europe. Every time Adolph makes a new move, someone breaks out another copy of Old Glory. Supposed to instill patriotism. Maybe they do. We’re no judge. But we did notice.
The Purdue Exponent fintered M B«cond elans matter at the i>ost offlee la Iafayett^ Ifidianiv> under the act o£ Congress of March >, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In ' section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the resnilar academic year and weekly during the Sunimer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-inrChief..-- W. Denahne Bnsiness Manager^ —Merla Hagemeycr Publication Staff News Editor. H. McKee Managing Editor—.— K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. RuSner, R; M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Aecpnnts Manager, R. J. Shadford ; Circulation Mainager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor .Beth Simpson Associate l^itors; Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor. ..... J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. > Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publisheie Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, M. Y. ' Staff For This issue Night Editor—^Traugott Ass’t Night Ed.—^Novey Day Editor—Miller ■ Night Sports Editor—Johnson Sophomore staff: J. H. Armstrong, R. L. Hadien, B. Van Deusen, Alice Chatfield, Virginia Barson, E. G. Keiper, Nan Zachary, Ann Worsley, E. C. Young, W. H. Hummel, D. E. Brewer, J. S. Keeler, C. A. Clark.
TAe Ratio
GRI^ AND BEAR IT
By Li<
They make wonderful supplements to pictures of Roosevelt and Willkie. For covering cracked plaster. . Sorta breaks up the monotony. d.k.h.
America At Crossroads
Today America is at a point in her history that inay be the crossroads of her destiny for today America votes and decides on the man who shall lead this country through this very critical period of world turmoil. Today America—and especially young America — must think! For it is young America, the youth in colleges, in industry, and in communities throughout the land, that will be most affected by today’s decision. It will be the youth who will be called upon to defend our country in the event of war; it will be the youth who will foot the tax bills of the next fifty years; it will be the youth whose destinies will be directed by the all important decisions that' the president will be called upon to make in the next four years. Never—and this is not just a political'phrase—in the history of our country have the people been called upon to make such an important and far-reaching judgment. Not since the first Roosevelt has this mighty nation been so strongly divided in its beliefs and not since the world war has there been, such a necessity for national unity. There have been many heated campaigns in our history and this has been one more to add to the long list. As ushal the voters have been beset on all sides by lengthy arguments and discussions upholding or upbraiding one .or the other of the candidates. The press, the radio, and the public rostrum have been exercised overtime in an effort to convince or sway the all powerful voter. And out of all this' confusion the voter must sift the grain from the chaff, the good from the bad, the truth from the lies. This is no easy matter. It is not something that can be decided by guesswork, the flip of a coin, or the spur of the moment. It is a matter that must be thought out clearly from every angle and with every possible result in mind. This decision. Young America, decides your future. Think, Young America— and then Vote!
W B A A Time Lab Will Display
11:00 The Dentist Says. 11:15 Sam Hamilton, pianist. 11:30 Listen While You Work. 11:50 Purdue News Flashes. 12:00 Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12:15 Sportsman Comer. 12:30 Meet the Band. 12:45 Monitor Views the News. 1:00 Just Relax. 1:15 Town Crier. 1:30 Afternoon Melodies. 1:45 Market Reports. 2:00 American Legion Program. 2:15 Magic Carpet. 2:30 Parent Forum. 2:45 Treasure Chest. 3:00 Parade of Business. 3:15 Allen Prescott. 3:30 Organ Moods. 4:00 The Band of the Week. 4:15 Bob Pettiner. 4:30 Flying Cadet, Capt. Keller. 4:45 Story Book Hour.
Pictures In Chicago The University’s time and motmn study laboratory will display both still and motion pictures of improved manufacturing procedures at the National Time and Motion Study clinic to be held in the Chicago Towers, Chicago, Friday and Saturday, according to an announcement received from Prof. H. B. Rogers of the general engineering department. Over one thousand of the nation’s leading industrial engineers are expected to attend the clinic and will have ap opportunity to see the type of practical training that thd University gives to future industrial engineers and factory managers. Students in GE 121), the motion study course, use actual manufacturing problems as their semester projects.
Personnel Company: Standard Oil Company (Ohio). Company’s Products: Petroleum Products. Types of Positions: Training course leading to Production and Transportation Departments. Training Desired: Senior Ch. E., M. E. Special Qualifications and Information: Those interested in being considered should fill out personnel blanks furnished by the Personnel office. These blanks must be completed not later than November 19. Company: Ethyl Gasoline Corporation, Research Laboratories, Detroit, Michigan. Types of Positions: Research or Field Engineering. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering, January men. Special Qualifications ' and Information: Training course for a period of one year starting in February. Men interested must fill out application blanks which may be secured at the Personnel office. Booklets describing this training course may be seen at the Personnel office. Company: General Electric Company. Company’s Products: Electrical and mechanical equipment. Rep- , resentative : M. M. Boring. Date of Visit: November 13, 14, 1940. Will Interview: E. E. and M. E., January graduates only. Types of Positions: Student Engineering Course. Special Qualifications and Information: Men graduating in January who have not filled out interview blanks should do so at once; These may be secured from: Professor Harding: Electrical Engineering; Prof. Messersmith. Mechanical Engineering; Personnel office. Executive Building. Company: B. F. Goddrich Company, Akron, Ohio. Company’s Products: Tires, Industrial Rubber Products. Representative, Bert S. Taylor. Date of Visit; November 12, 1940. Will Interview: Senior Ch. E., M. E., January and June graduatts. Special Qualifications and Information: Those interested should sign up not later than Friday, November 8.
3.03 • • •to 1
Say, what in the devil is this “Feminine Futures” business that’s floating around the campus? I walked into the Armory the other day and saw one of those signs and almost fell over. Thought it was something new the army was trying to put oyer on us like these new hostesses or something until I saw the darn signs all over the place and in all the buildings. “Feminine Futures” seems like a foregone conclusion to us. Well, a lot of things went on over the week-end. The Kappa pledge dance gave the Bam Dance a lot of competition Friday night, but what confused me was seeing a girl dressed in a formal one minute and ready for" the round-up, or something, the next. Carol Crow and Nelda Byron and their dates had me going arbund in circles trying to keep up with their numerous costumes. What I want to know is, where did they do these quick changes? Which Is Who? We had about the same trouble Saturday night with the Pi Phi pledge dance, the mixer and the Phi Mu pledge dance. The Union looked like a cross between the wild and wooly west and a very sophisticated New York ball. Speaking of the Phi Mu pledge dance reminds me of the one on Bob Jones and Phi Mu pledge Jean Wood. Bob told his roommate that he had a date with Jean that night and his roommate wanted: to know which Jean. Seems as though Bob has a Jean at Home, too. He’s got Jeans all over the place. With all the things going on, you would think people would stick around here, wouldn’t you? Well, I guess the Purdue co-eds don’t even tempt Don Villigoss because he went home to Columbus, last weekend and planted his pin on Hie home town gal. His policy is “Absence makes the heart grow fonder” (for somebody else). A Parting Shot Hey, you guys, Golddiggers is next Friday night so you better get on the ball. Another thing to remember is that yellow slips are coming out this Week, and with that pleasant thought, I leave you for another day.
“Whenever I hear my old pupil, Lemuel, making speeches on American principles, I always remember how he never could pass an 8th grade exam on American history !
Chinese Form Largest Part Of Foreign Group This Year Chinese students form the largest group of foreign students this year with 23 of the 72 who have registered. Canadians are second with 11 students. There are seven students from Hawaii and five from Turkey and Colombia. There are also students from Panama Canal Zone, Mexico, Nicaragua, Puerto Rico, Philippines, Cuba, Iraq, Po-
land, France, Sweden, Argentina, Brazil and Peru. Because of the war several countries that have usually students here are not represented this year. a.c.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
LEARN TO DANCE NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED , NOV. 6TH TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED THURS., NOV.7TH 7:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
• Carton, Cigarettes—Popular Brands $1.20 • PHILLIPMORRIS—Hcpkg.—2for27c • All Other Popular Brands-—1 for 25c Free Parkit^ in Rear Free Delivery UniYersity Drug Store Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU,’37
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
t,iMTIN{ VtAY;
IN TECHNICOLOR!
IK GKAtlST MUSICAL tXTKAVAGANZA OFAU.IIMEi
DON AMECHE BETTY GR ABLE CARMEN MIRANDA m.lCHARlOTTe GREENWOOD >. CAMOL NAISH • HENRV STEPHENSON • KATHARINE AlORUJOE • lEONIO K(NSKEV CHRIS-PIN MARTIN
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
OURNUGHBORS -THi CARTIRS .... fflV BAINTER ■ FRANK CRAVEN • EDMUND LOWE .ij GENEVIEVE T.OBIN ..^ProauWdbyCHARLESiRvROCERS. '!
PLUS
ftomh WAGON miii AMO"o<tHAH ntTung.
FIRST RUN NEWS —•ALSO —
NOW SHOWING A FIRST RUN HIT
Dating drama of a girl who loved the wrong man too much!
Today- Wed.—2 HITS
WASiTOKNOWr A beEEUtiful girl's amazing experiences with the husband she found out too late!
‘HdW
BENNEn ■ lEOEREB UOYO ANNA NOUH > STEM
; OTTO MARIA KRUGER-OUSPENSKAYA lie lUDWIG JOHNNY PLUS— STOSSEL • RUSSELL
iMnnKiu —TODAY-WEDNESDAY-
from ALFRED HITCHCOCK who directed "Rebecca" JOEL McCREA with LARAINE DAY • HERBERT MARSHALL GEORGE SANDERS ’ ALBERT BASSERMAN ROBERT BENCHLEY Released thru United' Artists
STARTING TODAY AND CONTINUES FOR 12 WEEKS
Chapter 1
'THE RENEGADE’S REVENGE
■ 4 '
1U„ '
''t
'// ,. .■ tvi ^ •% ; „ ..', ■, v;;,.r;;/,' y.'f ■ .;' I
£xpamni SfioMA , §^aqa
Tueec|opr< November 5, 1940
An liishnanl Illusions
' By Joseph Patrick Dolan ^‘I’ve, coached a lot of football teams, but this one has 'em all beat for possessing ‘guts’,” said Mai Elward after the Iowa game Saturday. The scene was the Purdue dressing room where the well-wish-ers gathered to congratulate Elward on his team’s showing. “No, no,” said Elward, “it wasn’t me, it was the byes, God bless them,” continued the Purdue coach who talks about his lads with a few tears in his eyes when they have performed great do.eds capable of them. _I.I_ Elward was in pain during those last few minutes of the ball game. Gladly would he have allowed his substitutes to take part in the closing minutes of the pontest, but the memory of the Wisconsin disaster is too fresh. He kept mumbling to the fellows on the bench, “only a
miracle can beat us now, but!” Pellows, you caU’t imagine the worry, suspense, and agony Elward goes through during a ball , game when his boys are behind, in the hole, or missing blocks. —I-I— I once wrote about the middle of the Purdue line leaking like the old oaken bucket. I must now apologize for that statement, because two young men. Red Miller and Tom Melton, have taken a bit of plastic wood in the form of speed and nonyielding mental aggressiveness to cork the middle of Purdue’s line so emphatically that Iowa soon evaded the Purdue middle. —I-I— Many persons attending the contest have their own opinions about the turning point in the battle, but as for myself. I’ll take that tackle by Jim Miller in the third quarter that caused an Iowa fumble when the Hawks were within 20 yards of Purdue’s goal line j Here’s the picture; —I-I— John Petty’s All-American play had put Purdue ahead, 14-6, BUT Iowa was coming back like a whirlwind, Sparks were flying from the heels of the Hawkeyes. FoHy yards they had marched through the air and elsewhere. With the ball twenty yards from Purdue’s goal, first-and-ten, an Iowa halfback flew at left
“REST ASSURED” crt HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireprobf
Newly decorated Blueblazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
‘^Lafayette
The LEE TEL «5.oo Willnotonlyimprove your Hat-i-tude but your appearance as well. It’s not the sanie old hat. The mirror ::?11b the story. . • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat..; 13.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t*REa. U. s. PATENT OFFICE
^jd&Jbi/LL are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL HAT, Prices $2.95 to $5.00
Harriers Prepare For Big Clash With Hoosierdom's Best
Having hit a winning stride. Coach Herman Phillips’ harriers are working hard to keep that edge as their major meets are now close at hand. To get the ball rollitig, the Riveters will be hostfe for the state cro^s country meet here next Saturday. The meet will be held on the fourmile course, with hostilities scheduled to start at 10:30 a. roEight Teams Entered Aside from the Riveters, those teams already in the fold include Notre Dame, Indiana, Indiana Central, little state defending champions, Wabash, Butler, DePauw and Earlham. Officials expect a fdw more entries before tomorrow. This year both the big and litj;le state championships will be at stake in one race, each division' being scored separately. Riveter, Notre Dame and Indiana runners will not be eligible for little state honors.
tackle to be met by Jim Miller’s crunching tackle. The halfback let out a groan, dropped the ball, and lay still. Purdue recovered, kicked out of danger, and Iowa was done for the day at offense. _I.I_ And you should have Seen Pete Timperman and Bill Neff playing cat-and-mouse with loTya’s running attack; Tom Melton running with his halfback’s fumbles; Tex Axton on the bottom of many piles.
IhA Schedules ^Interfraternily Basketball With entries due no later than November 9, many fraternities have already inaugurated practice sessions for the annual inter-fraternity class “A” basketball games which will begin the week of November 26. A practice schedule to start November 12 will be arranged in order to acquaint each team with its prowess under fire. « This year the fraternities will be divided into two sections: an upper bracket comprising the 24 teams that stood highest in last year’s play, and a lower one for the eleven fraternities that finished lowest. The six best teams in the upper bracket and the two best in the lower will play in the finals. It is to be noted that those men playing in this series will be ineligible for the class “B” league games which will follow.
Greek Squash Begins starting as soon as possible after November 7, which is the deadline for entries in the inter-fratemity squash tourney, a practice schedule will be arranged. Twenty-five participation points will be awarded all teams entering, with five extra points, a cup and medals going to the winning team.
Rifle Club Meeting There will be a meeting of all persons interested in forming a rifle club and rifle team tomorrow in room 104 of the Fieldhouse.
ARROW SHIRTS at DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
PHONE 3801
When it comes to a popular vote it’s always ARROW
PUT A BIG X HERE
ARROW GORD6n . . . ckims (and is) the smrdiest and smartest oxford cloth shirt that money will buy, especially recommended for campus politicians $2
□
ARROW TRUMP . . . boasts (and will prove it) that its famed soft collar will outlast and outsmart any broadcloth shirt at $2
□
AND HERE
Both are Mitoga cut, Sanforized-Shrunk, (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Buy these handsome whites today and get in on the Arrow landslide.
ARROW SHIRTS
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S West Lafayette
Johrtny Galvin Comes Into Own In Hawkeye Battle
By Joe Dolan
Many pages have been recorded, about Purdue^s surprising coine-back at the expense of Iowa Saturday, but little or few words have mentioned the game that was turned in by John Galvin, Purdue’s reserve right halfback. The title “reserve” does little justice to this kid who possesses all the ingredients of a successful athlete—confidence and relaxation. . John entered the ball game after —
Aeromodelers Announce Class "A" Contest Winners
plenty of damage had been done by the Hawkeye machine, or might I say by Purc^ue’s inexperienced safety men. Purdue just couldn’t find a man to catch Iowa punts. Anderson had a little trouble with one and Berto, although stopping the Hawk kicks, couldn’t hold on to the leather. It is a known fact that Galvin can’t be upset by Fourth of July fire-crackers at a May-Day celebration; so Elward sent orders to the playing field for the calm gentleman, Galvin, to take the rest of Iowa’s punts. This seemed to touch off the heretofore “lazy” boy. You know, this Galvin is so darn relaxed that he^s sometimes aggravating.
Punts Are Easy
Pour times he took host punts and four times he evaded the tena- . cious arms of Mike Enich, one desperate Hawkeye tackle. Enich, a fast man for a 200-pounder, was cinder all of Iowa’s punts. Punt returning wasn’t all John did; he was the spark that ignited a Purdue offense that literally had a man named Anderson, of Iowa, wiggling •in nervous prostration.
Can Pass To Rankin
His passes were the first heaves to hit Dave Rankin sijace the Butler game, and consequently Purdue began to gain through the air. One of his passes was so perfect that it hit the intended receiver, Anderson, on the head forty yards away, and readers, that’s putting the touch control on the pigskin. Anderson’s arms were pinned to his side by A1 Coupee, but the officials were scared to call it just as they were afraid to call an intentional pass-ground-ing penalty on an Iowa back when he was mobbed by Miller and Timperman in the third quarter. Galvin also turned in a commendable job of lugging the mail. Eight times he carried the ball for an average of two yards a crack. He did
On Sunday afternoon at the Fieldhouse an indoor class ‘‘A” glider contest was held by the Aeromodelers organization. Tying for first place with thirty-six and threefifths seconds were Hank “Velkoff and Dick Obarski. Roland Schmitt was third in the contest. At the club meeting Friday evening the trophy will be presented. In addition to the awarding of the trophy at the next meeting, slides of the Junior Aviator meet which was held at Akron, O., will be shown, c.g.r. Sigma Delta Psi . , , athletic honorary, will meet this evening at 7:30 in room 302 in the Union. This is the first meetihg of the school year and officers for the coming two semesters will be chosen. All members of the local and national organization are urged by director Bub Evers to attend.
not run the ends, but went through the line, and that is one of the reasons Iowa was getting gray-headed all afternoon. Petty, the fullback, was running the ends and Galvin through the line, unorthodox stuff. Kick ’Em John Two of John’s punts went 50 yards after the Purdue line had put the “shall not pass” sign on the ten yard stripe. His three place kicks had the Iowa throng in jubilent glee, because the Iowa team hasn’t hit an extra point all year, and seldom has the visitors. Yes, yes, by all means write in the book that John Galvin can play big time football.
Where Every Shirt Is An ARROW SHIRT
HERSEY’S
507 Main St.
Lahr Hofei Building
SCHEDULE OF t%J (DebJuA. ORGANIZATION PICTURES Tuesday, November 5 Please be prompt for the sittings which will be held in the south Union ballroom at the following times: Eta Kappa Nu 7:00 p)m. A. S. M. E 7:10 p. m. Phi Lambda Upsilon...^.! 7:20 p. m. Catalyst ^ ;30^ p. m. Chi Epsilon. 7:40 p. «. t^eres 7;50 p. m. Xi Sigma Pi 1 8:00 p. m. Dolphin Club 8:10 p. m. Mortar Board 8:20 p. nt. Camera Club 8:30 p. m. Alpha Lambda Delta „..8:40 p. m. Riding Club 8:50 p! m! Hoof and Horn 9:00 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club 9:|0 p. Reamer Club 9.20 p. Gimlet Club ..9:80 p. m. ^ p.m. Alpha Zeta 9:50 p.m. Theta Alpha Phi i0:00 p. m. •^^aPPa 10:10 p. m. Omicron Nu lo^O p.m. Virginia C. Meredith i0:30 p. m. Alpha Phi Omega 10:40 p! m! Skull and Crescent....: 10:50 p, m* ‘ .l .Z.uiooiVfWM'^ih/Vr'^;
Jt^f^ ^ ,#. W •% * •-‘V ► V -.n . If
' ’ •-*>
»
pdrd.de exponent
Tuesday, November 5, 1940
iS"
Wfi'
Heaviest Vote Continued from page 1
at present contains 69 Democrats and 24 Republicans, is certain to remain Democratic, since only 36 seats are at stake, with nine now held by Republicans. In the House, a change of 61 members would change the party in control. While this is generally considered somewhat unlikely, the Republicans had a gain of 81 seats in the off-year campaign of 1938, and Joseph Martin, Jr., House Republican leader, confidently predicted that the Democrats would lose their majority today. Democratic leader John W. McCormack anticipated a gain for his party, explaining the 1938 results as due to “local fights.” Indiana itself is voting after one of the hottest campaigns in years. Not only is there wide disagreement as to whether or not “native son” Willkie will carry the Hoosier state, but the contest for governor in which Glen R. Hillis, Republican, opposes Harry P. Schricker, Democrat, is expected to be unusually close. Odds quoted yesterday in Indianapolis were Willkie and- Hillis at 2 to 1 and 3 to 2 odds respectively over their opponents in Indiana, with Roosevelt a 3 to 2 choice. Voters in the state have an even more clean cut New Deal—antiNew Deal choice in the Senatorial race. Sherman Minton, Democrat, present U. S. Senator, has been meeting Raymond E. Willis’ attack on the Roosevelt administration’s policies with a blanket endorsement of the New Deal. Wesley, Christian Foundation Players Will Present Plays Three one-act plays will be presented by the Wesley Foundation, the Christian Foundation and the Baptist group at a joint production next Sunday evening in the Jefferson high school auditorium. Wesley Foundation will present “The Terrible Meek.” Players are Darrel Roach, Kennett Broone and Mayjane Patterson. The scene is a place of execution on a hilltop. The Christian Foundation’s play is entitled “First American.” It presents Kenneth Reese, Jeanette Parker, Bobbie Perkins, Sally Popavich, Howard Hamilton and Paul Busby. The scene is set in America. The son, just expelled from college for joining a pacifist group, comes home to find his father manufacturing munitions for the war in Europe. “Whither Goest Thou?” the third play, will be presented by the Baptist group. Parts will be taken by Bill Starker, Johnny Coster, Larry Wiles, Sig Peterson, Willis Schalliol and Reverend Gleason. The scene of this play is set at the time of Nero, outside the gates of Rome, during the persecution of the Christians. t.b.n.
Flav
or
Ona
PIPE
$1^
HR. SRABOW PATENTED ClEANER
NO BREAKING (N NO BITE..NO BIHER
$noke biLlak' miB’s exNusiw 'iiucliioeiiie'fflwto every Dr. GrabowBipt witb{EilKewortA)fiM
Freshman Activity Lectures Will Begin Thuralay At 4 PM A series of six open forums sponsored by the Activities Bureau for -freshmen interested in joining an activity will begin Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall, it was announced /yesterday by Walter Gipe, Activities Bureau executive. First in the series of forums, that will be held Thursday, will be opened by a talk by A. P. Johnson of the personnel department, who will discuss the value of activity participation in finding a job. Also on the program will be representatives of the student government groups. Student Senate and WSGA, who will discuss their particlar activities. This year, as in the past, the Bureau will hold open forums at which the various campus activity leaders will outline their particular activities, their organization and the duties of freshman workers, b.v.d.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Owners of Lost Glasses: Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office.. Please come in and identify them. —ENDERS.
PIA Salesmen: Turn in membership books after 4 p. m. in the office before Wednesday, November 6. —SOPCAK.
Buffalo Purdue Club: .^11 students from Buffalo, N. Y. and vicinity meet in the Esist Faculty Lounge of the Union Tuesday, November 6 at 7:80 p. m. —BAUMAN. Alpha Zeta; Debris pictures will'be taken at 9:46 p. m. Tuesday, November 6, in the south ballroom of the Union. Actives and pledges be present. —STEWART, j Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, November 6, in room 306 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. All active members are requested to be present. -J-NORQUEST.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 7:16 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. All members please be present. —PITCITBR. NYA; Checks rfor period ending October 16 are now available at cashier’s Office in executive building. HOLLENSBEE.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m.; Thursday at 7 p. m. / ' —SWOPE.
V. C. Meredith Club: Meeting Thursday, November 7, ajt 4 p. m. for all members. I —BAILEY.
PEW Riding Class; There will be a meeting Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, November 6 and 7, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s gymnasium. Lectures will be on types Of horses, different styles of riding, tack and bitting. Attendance at one of these meetings is required for credit in the course. If for any reason you cannot be present any one of these days, please notify the Women’s g^. —CASE. Eta Kappa Nu: Debris picture taken in the south ballroom of the Union at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 6. Wear suits. Be on time. —CARTWRIGHT.
Catalyst Club: Actives and pledges. Debris pictures will be taken in south Union ballroom at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, November 6. Wear suit coats. —BERGSTEDT.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Tuesday, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. Debris pictures will be taken immediately after the meeting. —WAYNE.
Riding Club: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 6, at 8:60 p. m. ip the Union ballroom. Proper attire is as follows: girls wear one piece dresses, silk stockings, no sweaters and no saddle shoes; boys should wear shits. Every rhember is urged to be present and to bring his membership card. —GRAHAM.
Chi Epsilon: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 6 at 7:40 p. m. All actives and pledges be present. —MEYERS.
WSGA Independent House Presidents: A Council meeting Tuesday, November 6 at 7 :00 p. m. Election of officers will be held and social programs will be discussed. You or your regular WSGA representative are urged to attend. —FINK.
Purdue Outing Club: There .will be an important business meeting at 7 p. m., Tuesday, November 6, in room 212 of the Union. All old members are urgently requested to attend. Everyone interested is invited. —PARKER.
Independent Staff: Regular meeting of the staff will be held on Wednesday evening at 7:15 p. m. in the PIA office. —SELKOWITZ.
Classified Ads FOR SALE Kuss-Kent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407. Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a meeting for all old members Wednesday evening, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —GERSTUNG.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, November 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in the WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Camera Club: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 6 at 8:30 p. m. Proper attire is as follows: boys should wear coat and tie, no sweaters under coat, no handkerchief in pocket; girls wear one piece dress, silk stockings, no sweaters and no saddle shoes. Every club member urged to be present. Please be prompt. —GEPHJVRT.
Personal Living Classes: November 7 meeting of personal living class division E, which meet from 4 to 6 p. m. will be held in Stanley Coulter Hall, room 211, instead of Fowler Hall. This applies only to the November 7 meeting. —EASTWOOD.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, November 6, in room 307, Union. —MEESB.
For Rent: Newly furnished Maple Bedroom. Private home, single or double. Breakfasts. Phone 76414.
Playshop Prize Winners: May collect their prizes by calling at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between 9 and 12 a. m. Saturday, November 2, or 9 and 12 and 1 and 5 of any day the following week. —CARR.
Activities Bureau; Meeting of all members on the freshman interviewing committee meet Tuesday, November 6, at 4 p. m. —GRAHAM.
For Rent: One-half of double room. Twin beds. May work part time. 237 South Grant.
American Country Life Association: Meeting of all student committees in Agriculture Hall, room 118, Tuesday, November 6, at 4 p. m. —ARVIDSON.
All Male Students: Those desiring to fire on the 6th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the armory. This group will start firing November 18. -BROWN.
For Rent: Furnished Apartment, 3 rooms, bath. Also double room. 224 N. Salisbury, West Lafayette.' '
Lost: Bottom half Parker pen, name on side—Edward Franklinl Reward. Call 76052.
Agriculture Education Society: Meeting Tuesday, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 356 of Union. Parliamentary procedure directed by Dean Freeman and film strips shown by outside vocational teacher, Walter Weber at North Terre Haute high school. —CROOKS.,
Student Senate: Regular meeting Tuesday, November 6, at 7:30 p. m. in Senate office. Debris pictures will be taken. —LAYSON.
Freshmen Women: WAA office hours- are starting at 4 o’clock Tuesday, November 6. Will be every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Please come and sign up immediately. —WESTOVER.
All-American Star SID LUCKMAN presents a helmet full of Chesterfields to the All-American College Girl MARY LOU BULLARD.
roue GOAL FOR MORE SMOKING PLEASURE IS
Copyright 1940, lapoR* S llyns T<Miew Co.
MILDER
COOLER, BETTER TASTE There are three touchdowns in every pack of Chesterfields for smokers like yourself. The first is a COOLER smoke ... the ^ second score for Chesterfield is BETTER TASTE ,. , and the third and winning score for any smoker is Chesterfield’s REAL MILDNESS. The reason Chesterfields satisfy is in their right combination of the finest tobaccos grown... the Perfect blend that you’ll find in no other cigarette. Th^ really Satisfy. MAKE YOUR NEXT PACK CHESTERFIELD
Tfnb eeu^ et
Ceres: Meeting in room 232 of the Union Tuesday, November 6, at 7:00 p. m. Pledges will come at 7:46 with full boxes. Debris picture will be taken at 7:60 p. m. ih the south ballroom. All actives and pledges will wear coats, ties, light shirts—no sweaters. —JOHNSON.
Riding Club: The following members of the Riding Club committee will meet at 4:16 Tues. in the Union office: Carley, Clarke, Craig, Decker, Epple, Fisher, Graham, Grauten, Jones, Kemper, Krug, LuFton, McGrath, Robinson, and Ross. -HEPBURN.
SAE: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 6, at 9:40 in the South Union ballroom. —^THOMPSON.
Mortar Board: group picture is
Notice of the Debris i mistake. —TERSTEGGE.
Engineer Staff: All Junior staff members, both editorial and business, please be in the Engineer office promptly at 4 p. m. Tuesday, Noveraher 6. It is important that you be present. —McELROY,
Hoof and Horn Members: Debris picture to be taken Tuesday, November e. lh South ballroom of Union at 9 p. m. —HURST. <1
POMM: Meeting of all actives and pledges Thursday afternoon, Nov. 7, in the Armory at 4 p. m. Maybe refreshments. —McCAMMON.
Senior Military Students: Will the senior military student whose pictures of Fort Knox will be used in the 1940 Debris please call at the Debris office. ■—^HAYT.
Sigma Delta Psi: Meeting of all Sigma Delta Pei men, room 302, Union, Tuesday, Nov. 6, at 7:30 p. m. Please be there if at all possible. —WENTE.
Horticultural Society: There will be a meeting in room 117 of the Hort Bldg., Wednesday, November 6, at 7 p.'m. Please note the change of time. —DRESNER. Tau Beta Pi Pieces: Lis^ of active members and additional materials for pledges can be obtained after Wednesday, S November- 6, from G. F. Montgomery and F. C. Goldsmith. —GOLDSMITH.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Suplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTiST 1 19 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Tailor
^Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
New Collar Styles to Flatter Your Face
The correct collar can Batter a man’s face mightily and our observation on the effect of different collars on different necks and faces will help us suggest the right collar style for you. The chap on the left is wearing a new rounded “cutaway” collar if you’d like to utilize your talent for tying the new Windsor knot. His companion prefers a fashionable fancy oxford shirting . , , longpoint collar with invisible stitching. Come in and see our new Fall selection of shirts in patterns and styles to suit every taste.
^SHIRTS
^2 and up
i** -.1
4F I