mm
it
ir^im
<
Purdue
Z>185
Exponent
V6l«me 5L No. 92
Tuesday, [anuory 16. 1940
Late News Bulletins
• Allies, Neutrals Prepare For Nazi PusK Amsterdam, January 15—^With close to 1,000,000 men guarding the 300 miles of border between Germany, the Netherlands, and Belgium, these two little countries are virtually under complete mobilization, it was estimated by military observers here today. Eeason for the bustle of activity which is sending more and more men to border posts, through which Hjtler would have to strike to outflank the French Maginot line, is the report of the massing of Nazi attack troops. Meanwhile the British Royal Air Force in France cancelled all further leaves against the possibility of a German move to enter either Belgium or the Netherlands. Previously the British had cancelled all leaves for soldiers at the front. • Russians Bomb; F. D. R. Deliberat’os Viipuri, Flinland, January 16—Unleashing the worst aerial offensive of the war today, 21 Russian bombing planes attacked Viipuri, killing two and inflicting heavy damage with consequent injury to a number more. At Helsinki yesterday, two air raid alarms were sounded but no great damage was reported, most of the bombs having fallen in the suburbs. In Washington at the same time, with opposition growing toward any direct loans to the Finnish government, democratic leaders went to the White House to consult with the President concerning ^is views on the subject. F. D. R. stated that he would send a communication on extending Finland aid to Congress shortly. • 17 Held As Revolution Plot Unfolds New York, January 16— Bringing charges of conspiracy to overthrow the government by bombing and assasination against 17 members of a New York “Christian Front” today, J. Edgar Hoover, head of the FBI, implied that they were merely the nucleus of a nation wide plot. Tentative aims of the revolutionists included the assassination of 12 ^ congressmen and raiding of national guard arsenals for the necessary arms to carry on a terrorism campaign. The men are now being held on $60,000 bail each, with a penalty of a possible six years in prison plus a $6,000 fine facing them if convicted.
Development of Art In America Traced By Union Exhibition Thirty-four reproductions of water colors and oil paintings tracing the development of American art from its earliest beginnings until the present day are on display in the music room of the Union, until Monday, January 29. The reproductions, rented from Raymond and Raymond Company of New York by the Union, include Whistler’s famous “Portrait of His Mother.” 'Other artists featured in the exhibit are Inness, Winslow Homer, George Bellows, Rockwell Kent, Marin, and the modern Grant Wood. The comments, hanging beside each picture, are helpful in introducing the student to art. The introduction to the catalogue of the pictures and the comments on the pictures were both written by Robert Parks who is in charge of the music room art exhibits and the puttering shop in the tower room of the Union. H. M. Jacklin... . . . professor of mechanical engineering will be the main speaker at the meeting of the Central Indiana Section of ASME Friday. His subject will be “By Internal Combustion.” Professor Jacklin is credited with the invention of a high speed engine indicator and a three-directional accelerometer. This annual campus meeting provides opportunity for guests to visit and inspect the University campus and to renew their acquaintances with staff members. »■
Scrivener Contest Ends In First Place Deadlock Winners in the third annual freshmen writers contest conducted by Scrivener’s Magazine are Arthur McTaggart and Marian Howard whose manuscripts, “Bright Morning” and “But First Loves Do Not Wound to Death,” tied for first place. First and second prize money will be divided betwen them, each one receiving $4. Third prize of $2 will be awarded to Bonny McPherson for “Just Cracked.” Honorable mentions were awarded to Helen McCabe, Martha Jane Fox, Ann Bahls, Jo Ann Jackson, David Barta, Samuel W. Garrigues, Arthur McTaggart, and R. E. McNew. The awards will be made at the first regular club meeting of the second semester. Winning manuscripts and part of the honorable mention manuscripts will be published in the special freshman section of the next Scrivener. Wiitings were submitted by English I and 32 classes. Judging was done by the magazine editorial board and faculty advisors Professors Paul Fatout and E. G. Sutcliffe. Zouaves Travel To Chicago For Drill In Artillery Armory Purdue Order of Zouaves traveled to Chicago, January 13, to drill between polo matches at the 124th Field Artillery armory. This was the third time the Zouaves had drilled at the armory. ' After the game, the squad left for home in six reconnaissance cars and one service truck. It took eight and a half hours for the return trip.
26tli Annual Road School Will Open Here January 22 January 22 will be the opening date of the 26th annual road school to be held on the University campus. Program for the gathering will include general sessions on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday afternoons and Wednesday morning. Individual sessions for county surveyors, county road supervisors, state maintenance men, and state construction men will be held Tuesday, Thursday and Friday mornings. On Thursday morning county commissioners and city officials will meet separately, but will combine in a joint session Friday morning. Highway Materials and Equipment Association will sponsor a road show during the period. Pleasures A number of entertainment features have been planned for the benefit of those attending the school. Among these are a smoker, a supper and floor show, and an aquacade sp^onsored by Dolphin and Triton clubs. The annual banquet will be held Thursday evening in the Union ballroom. President E. C. Elliott will be toastmaster. The glee club will sing a number of selections and Mr. G, Gilchrist, Dean of Engineering of Texas A & M College will be the guest speaker. Twelve Firemen Enroll For Instrudors' Course A five day short course for fire instructors opened today in the Memorial Union Building. Twelve firemen are enrolled from various parts of the state are being instructed so that they in turn may become instructors in the vicinities from which they are sent. Chief Harry Rodgers, from Chicago, Chief Cox, from the State Fire Marshall’s Office, and Dean Knapp, of the Engineering school, are acting as instructors in this training course which is sponsored by the Engineering Extension service, and the State Fire Marshall’s Office. Frosh Activity Mass Meeting Will Precede Calls For Workers Freshmen will meet on February 9 for the annual activities mass meeting. The meeting will precede calls made by the major activities for freshmen workers. Jack Walters of the personnel service and Althea Jorgenson of the activities bureau will give short talks at the meeting. They will give the faculty and student viewpoints of activities respectively. Moving pictures will also be shown illustrating various activities on the campus. These pictures were taken by the activities bureau last spring and this is the first time that they have been shown to the student body.
College Students Poll In Favor Dies Committee
By Joe Beldon, Editor (Student Opinion Surveys of America) The “Dies Committee" for investigating un-American activities,” which has included some of the nation’s colleges in its inquiries, should be continued, a majority of U. S. students believes. This is the result of a poll taken by the Student Opinion Surveys of America shortly before Congress convened again. But it should be pointed out that although 66 pei cent say that money should be appropriated for the committee to go on Avith its work, this study of campus sentiment is not to be inter;
pieted as an approval of all the legislator from Texas and his associates have done. Approve By 56 Percent Asked, “Do you think the government should provide money to continue the Dies committee for another year?” students everywhere answered, YES, 66 percent, NO, 26 per cent. There was a large number, 17 per cent, who had no opinion, many admitting they had never heard of the committee. The Survey finds that out of nearly three dozen subjects it has used in its polls^this is one of the least known. A majority of those who
did know about it, however, believe that the investigation of isms in this country is desirable and necessary. • The committee recently made news again when its members disagreed on the nature of its report to Congress, one of the points in controversy being the American Student Union and its alleged connections with communism. A year ago the Surveys found that only one out of every ten students believed there had been any attempt to influence him with fascist, socialist, or communist propaganda on his campus.
Riveters Drive Gophers Back Into Hole, 50-34
Pest Control Men Meet As 4tli Annual Conference Opens First session of the fourth annual conference of pest control operators was held yesterday drawing over 120 visitors from 20 states and Canada. This year’s conference, which is larger than any previous meeting, draws commercial operatoiis and experts in the fiMd for this forum on various phases of extermination. Meetings will include discussions of the fundamentals of insect life ^which are the basis of control operations; new developments in insecticides and fumigants; and specific insect problems, including ants, cockroaches, termites, clothes moths, carpet beetles, beetles attacking structural timbers, rats, and mice. Other Speakers In addition to members of the Purdue staff, speakers will include E. A. Back, household insect authority of the U. S. Bureau of Entomology and Plant Quarantine, G. *C. Oderkirk, and J. C. Ward of the U. S. Bureau of Biological Survey, H. H. Shepard of the University of Minnesota, C. L. Metcalf, W. P. Flint, and W. E. McCauley of the University of Illinois, and F. L. Campbell of Ohio State University. The conference which was started four years ago was the first in the country. Since that time similar meetings have been organized at the Universities of Ohio, Illinois, California, Minnesota, and Indiana. 193 Enroll In Annual Winter Ag Course Students numbering 193 enrolled in the annual agricultural short winter couise as it opened yesterday. The course which Avill include four op^ons, manufacturing, dairy productions, general agi-iculture, and animal husbandry, will continue for eight weeks. Already the number enrolling has surpassed that of any previous year except in 1914 when one more was present. A number of interesting personalities have already signed up. Among these is a Harvard man and another from Oregon who came to the University for the course. LAST NIGHT’S RESULTS Purdue 50, Minnesota 34 Illlinois 48, Michigan 43 Indiana 40, Wisconsin 34 Ohio State 32, Northwestern 31 Iowa 41, Chicago 27 BIG TEN STANDINGS
W
L
Pet.
PURDUE
4
0
1.000
Michigan
3
1
.750
Indiana
3
1
.750
Ohio State
2
2
.500
Northwestern
2
2
.600
Illinois
.2
2
.500
Minnesota
2
2
.500
Wisconsin
1
3
.250
Iowa
1
3
.250
Chicago
0
4
.000
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
which drew blood after one of the rougher scraps for the ball. While he was wiping the blood off" his mouth and transferring it to his basketball pants, he added two more baskets and a couple of free throws before leaving the game with Pur-
due safely ahead 40-27.
The Boilermakers, in the early part of the season weak from the free throw lane, also excelled in this department during the evening, hitting 10 out of 17 while Minnesota
made only four out of 14.
The summary:
PURDUE (50)
B
Blanken, f.
4
Igney, f
3
Fisher, c. .
5
Beretta, g.
1
Yeager, g
0
Sprowl, f.
4
Tierney, g
3
Caress, g.
0
Vernon, g.
0
20
MINNESOTA (34)
B
Carlson, f.
5
Mohr, f.
... 1
Pearson, c.
. 0
Anderson, g
2
Dick, g.
2
Warhol, c-f.
.. . 1
Thune, g.
2
Van Every, f.
g 0
Ahrens, c. . .
. 0
MacDonald,
2
15
10 12
Purdue Takes Over Conference Lead Aslllini Beat Michigan By Rolfe Jenkins, Exponent Sports Editor Purdue’s basketball team outsped and outfought the Minnesota Gophers to triumph 50-34 last night, and take the undisputed lead with four victories and no defeats while the Elini added insult to injury by spoiling another great Michigan athletic record, handing them their first loss of the conference
campaign 48-41.
The Boilermakers put the finishmg touch on the first semester of play by whipping both Wisconsin and Minnesota in three days while the Hoosiers, previously rated the conference team to beat, took it on the chin from the Gophers and beat Wisconsin by six points, leaving the Gold and Black harwood players a perfect record to reflect upon as they begin their well-earned midyear layoff, which will be broken at Bloomington, February 10.
Fisher Leads
Danny Fisher, unbluffable senior forward, led the scoring for the evening with first baskets and three free throws for 13 points. Four other Boilermakers carried the brunt of the scoring, Blanken making four baskets, Igney three, Sprowl four, and Tierney three, most of them resulting from under the basket plays and rebounds. Forward Carlson was high for the Gophers
with 10 points.
It took only a couple of minutes after the game started for the visitors to shoA^ the Riveters what made them upset Indiana Saturday, as Mohr weht under the basket to drop in a field goal and Anderson immediately following with a onehanded push shot that sent the Gophers ahead 4-0. Riveters Take Lead Fisher took a long pass and slipped the ball in soon afterwards, Yeager sank a free throw, and Blanken hit a long looper to put the Gold and Black ahead for the first time, 5-4. Dick scoi’ed from far out on the floor, however, to send the Gophers into the lead for the last time. Don Blanken’s second basket of the game, which sent Purdue ahead 7-6, was a signal for the Boilermakers to begin one of the most aggressive all-around games they have jilayed this season.
26-20 At Half
When they left the floor at the intermission, the Boilermakers were ahead 26-20, which was as far out in front as they had been at any time during the evening. During that first half Blanken scored three times, once on a long shot, which has been a rarity for the sophomore forward, who does most of his scoring from under the basket, once on a one hander from the right side of the basket, and once on a beau-
tiful pivot shot.
Sprowl looped in a short shot, added a rebound latpr, and took advantage of a three-one-one situation in the final seconds of the half to score again from under the basket. Fisher made three field goals, two from close in and the other on a rebound. Igney swished a long and a short shot. Tierney’s one basket of the half was a push-shot from the free throw line. Carlson Leads Gophers While the Boilermakers were dividing scoring honors for 20 minutes Carlson kept the Gophers in the game with four field goals, and Mohr, Anderson, Warhol, Thune and Dick were each good for a bas-
ket.
It didn’t take long in the second half for the Boilermakers to demonstrate their superiority, as they continued to build up a bigger and bigger lead, which reached its maximum as the game ended. Fisher continued to spark the Boilermaker offensive in the second period, despite a blow in the face
4 16
Fifth Student Book Exchange To Open In Union Monday Fifth student book exchange opens Monday, January 29, at 1 p.. m. in the Union. On Tuesday, books Avill be received from 10 a. m. until 5 p. m. Sales Avill begin Wednesday, January 31, and the exchange will remain open regularly from 10 a. m. until 8 p. m. Bool^ Avill be received until Saturday, February 3, and selling until 5 p. m.
Tuesday, February 6.
Passports will be required of
those leaving books for sale. Cheeks cannot be accepted in payment of books, according to exchange officials. Receivers will attempt to discourage sellers from asking more than 60 percent of the price for new
books on second hand books. Sophomores and juniors who Avish
to woik should report to Bob Hoffer in the Student Union Office, at 12:30 p. m., Monday, January 29. Juniors who work may petition for a position on the senior board of control which is elected late in the spring.
Exponent
. . . will cease daily publication with the issue of Wednesday moiming. During finals there wiH be papers on Friday of this week and Sunday, Tuesday, and Thursday of next week. Regular publieatimt wiR resume with the start of the new
semester.
liM|#>«
Qo-sid ficuqsi
Bovee, Foley Will Assume Duties On Staff February I
Miss Doiothy Bovee, who was ap> pointed as the supeivisoi of special projects in the education of women, and Miss Eileen Foley, who will succeed Mifes Florence Clarke of the Chemistry department, weie hon ored Sunday at an aftei dinner coffee hour at W R H South
Well All Right, Dig, Dig, The Dust Often Them Old Volumes
A Gopher’
Miss Bovee attended the Abei deen State College for two years and received hei doctoi’s degiee at the Umversity of Minnesota She taught seveial yeais in high schools of the northwest, as well as at the Unuersity of Minnesota She will be available for student conference at her office m the chemistry annex after the new semestei begins At piesent Miss Bovee lives at the west lesidence hail Hei lank is assistant professoi in the School of Sci ence. She will be piofessoi of the History of Civilization duiing the sophomore yeai of Suivey Couise in Science
“Well, all right, it’s time to dig, dig, dig—seems to be the theme song, as students (’) are beginning to dig through the accumulated dust of a semester which has piled up on books ^ The libiary is actually teeming with studious people who have shunned it foi so long We can’t blame them, though, because we’ll have to admit how depressing it is to go there and see other s studymg
Home Town’
Cram For Chem
Miss Folev IS the giaduate assist ant to Mi Hariy Kendall of the Pharmacy depaitment She will also be hostess at WRH and con duct chemistry reviews for the students who live in the halls Miss Foley lives at WRH North at pres ent She graduated from the phaim acy school heie in 1936
The first thing we noticed as we lushed into the library was the excess population It reminded us of our home town, where the hobos start educating themselves during the winter, but are strangely ab sent in warmer times
Miss Floience Clarke, who is the giaduate assistant m the Chem i^-tiv department, will leave the University at the beginning of the new semestei She will be married in May Miss Clarke has been on the staff for three years and during this period of time, she le ceived hei master’s degiee At pres ent she is working on her doctoi’s
After recovering from the shock, we remembered that there was a final to be copied Following the crowd, we dashed up the stairs and over to the loan desk We were startled to see a long line and by the time we found our place at the end of it, we began to think that others had the same idea of study mg After searching in vain for a place to rest our weary bones we came to the conclusion that one must have a reserved seat in order to study
Announcement
of the election of Inti a mural managers for the first se mestei of 1940 was made yesterday by the board in charge of the elec tion of managers Paul Zimmer man, Phi Kappa Tau, will serve as Junior manager
There seems to be a great deal of concentration in the an Only five people (by actual count) raised then heads as we passed That means it’s “last minute studying ” Now there is last minute studying and there is last minute studying We realized that as we saw the number of “joes’ in the Sweet Shop who will have to start studying in a few days Thank goodness we started todav'
Notices
Ko notices will be accepted after 8 p m
University Choir Repci lar rehearsal at 4pm Tuesday —THORNTON
Phi Lambda Upsilon All members who ordered keys can get them from Dr Hunt The membership certificates are also avail able for new members —SCHRADER
Reamer Club No more meetings this se mester Next meeting will be held Mon day February 5 in loom F of the Union —RBILEY
\g Chem Club Open meeting Tuesday January 16 7 30 p m Meet in library of A.gr cultural Chemistry building —HARPER
Exponent Co ed Sophomores Work schedule foi final is as follows Thursday January 18 Carroll Buitsfield Simpson Rose Saturday Januaiy 20 Cairoll Siess J stin Monday January 22 Simpson Bakei Bailey Wednesday January 24 Burtsfield Miller Kaplan Fiiday Febru ary 2 Carroll Irwin Stieis Saturday February 3 Burtsfield MeClintock Camp bell Funkhousei Monday Febiuary 5 Simpson Stallings C uter Beard New schedules will be ai ranged at the organ iration meeting February 6 t 1 p m in th Exponent office —SCHILLING
Radio Club Equipment exchange Tues day January 16 in room 254 EE build ng at 7 30 p m Everyone invited —PITCHER
hinal Exams M T a I inals for M T 6 u II be held in Rooms 101 and 308 of the Civil Building Pei lod 9 Monday Jan laiy from 14PM —WISELOGEI
PIA Board Members There will be no more board meetings until second semestei —HINSHAW
Debris Beauties Please select the pic tur you want and return proofs to Dex hm 1 Gallon Stu lios befoie February 1 BROWN
Christian Science Organization meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday 16 in room C in the Union
—FRANTZREB
Regular January
Camera Club Members February issue of Popular Photography is here Copies may be obtained for 15c at the Union office (1 19) —HOFFER
Classified Ads
WAA Next fencing meeting will be held hebruary 2 at 4 p m in the Womans Gymnasium —STICKLER
FOR SALE
(eres Regular meeting " 30 in old Ag Jiculturist office Tuesday January 16 —NICKEY
FOB SALE—Typewriters All makes standard and portable, sold purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff 606 Main street.
If You Weren't Here
Tins little poem strikes right close to home ’Twas found in the Lynn News.
Yoil Can Tell! You can easily tell a freshie By his timely ways and looks You can easily tell a sophie By the absence of his books
You can easily tell a junior By his tender eyes and such You can easily tell a senior But—you cannot tell him much
This modern generation is beginning to scare us. According to The Daily Texan, Texans are eating, wearing and sleeping their way through a COTTON surplus We don’t mind wearing cotton, we don’t, but we sure object to eating cotton in some of its forms They say that it tastes excellent in corn sticks, spice cookies, muffins, doughnuts, and biead If that IS the case maybe we will start in on something practical, like eating up the gold surplus to save dentist bills’
The inevitable — the traveling salesman in this case (as usual) was caught in a storm There was no shelter in sight, but a farmhouse some distance away He walked to the farmhouse, knocked on the door and waited The farmer opened the door He looked at the wet salesman “I’m sorry, my daughter’s not home ” he sard, and slammed the' dooi —Daily Athenaeum
Also from the Daily Athenaeum comes this sad, sad story about the fellow who everyone thought never touched a drop, but who died of hard drink A case of ice fell on his head Ohhhh
‘ Students Must Fail To Join Dis honoiary Club’ reads the very ap pi opr rate head from the Syracuse Daily Orange “Flunking like a gentleman ’ is the only qualification for membership in the “Dishonor aiy society” that calls themselves the “Beeler Boys ”
FOR RENT
QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house Innerspring mattress continuous hot water two blocks from Union 306 S Grant ROOM AND BOARD for two men stu dents $30 00 month Desirable new home continuous hot water inner spring mattresses 805 Vine 76973
GENTLEMEN—Rooms in new home for sec< nd semester Twin beds newly fur nisi ed Very reasonable rent Corner Shcetz "ind Wood Phone 46962
FOR RENT—Single and double room for men One half block fiom Union 12o S Grant Phone 31824
RUSS’ RENT A CAR SERVICE Phone 71644 after 6pm Minimum $2 00—$2 60 All night
SINGLE ROOM—Second semester down stairs next to bath 410 Maple St Phone 3 683
ROOM FOR TWO—Continuous hot wa ter Shower 60 per week 117 Chaune y Phone 27’^’
ENTERTAINMENT—Foi banquets par ties etc call Bob Pettincr 27 Univeisity 76724
Crown Cleaned Clothes are done the way YOU like them.
Send Us Your Dry Cleaning Today
Crown humwi
FINE C LEANEWS OF FINE CLOTHES
Co-eds Only
By Betty Campbell Let’s go natural! During finals try spending less time on flub-dnbs and more on the book-learning. A simple hair-do, for example, will save precious time for last nfittute cramming.
Are you broadminded? Do you know that Purdue Co-eds are nationally famous for being hard to shock ’ This may be attributed to the fact that this is a man’s school, then it may be because of the girls themselves More women come here every yeai, so why not try to femininize our part of the University’
Snow, thaw, ram, snow—the eternal Indiana weather cycle It’s hard on clothes as well as the disposition The best solution, this comes direct from a “seasoned” Hoosier, is to ignore it After four years it won’t make much difference, and that’s a promise
My filends, as fai as is known, theie is no possible way to bowl in high heeled shoes and still maintain any degiee of dignity Not only does the individual’s scoie suf fei, but also so do the alleys Eithei weal low heeled shoes or bring them with you
Co-ed Hours
Duke University
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N C
CLEAN PRIVATE ROOMS for three stu dents wishing to do own cooking Half block fioni campus Reasonable Phono 7242
ROOM FOR RENT—Half of double S I glc Beds Includes loungini, loom — modem conveniences $10 00 334 North west m — 41962 LOST AND FOUND Lost Women s gold Westfield watch Black band Return to 443 State St Call 2823 Reward
Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year These may be taken con secutively (graduation in three and one quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years) The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and three years of college work, including the subjects specified for Class A medical schools Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Admission Com mittee
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THRILL PACKED CAVALCADE OF AVIATION!
AND.
BOB STEELE — IN —
'DESERT PATROL' — ALSO —
)OOMED MEN"^ COIOMBA PIM.«I1 ft*’
Last Chapter "RED BARRY
Tuesday, January 16, 1940
Co ed hotiis duiing the final ex amination peiiod and until the be ginning of the second semestei will be as follows Wednesday, Januaiy 17 lip m Thuisday, January 18 lip m Fiiday Januaiy 19 lam Saturday, Januaiy 20 lam Sunday, Januaiy 21 11 p m Monday Januaiy 22 11 p m Tuesday, January 23 11 p m Wednesday Januaiy 24 11 p m Thuisday Januaiy 25 11 p m Fiiday, Januaiy 26 lam Saturday, Januaiy 27 lam Sunday, Januaiy 28 12 p m Monday Januaiy 29 12 p m Tuesday Januaiy 30 12p m Wednesday, Januaiy 31 12 p m Thursday, February 1 11 p m The legulations weie made by the Women’s Self Governing Ju dicial Board
Large Number of Applications Shows Marital Course Interest
By Donna Siess
“The large number of applications for membership in the first group taking the mairiage course indicates the unusual amount of students interested in the project The fact thatYir Lillian Gilbreth is to act as co-ordmator assures an honest straight-forward scientific approach to the ^problems to be discussed The student-faculty committee deserves a great deal of credit for its work in setting up the course
Real Opportunity “Those students who are fortunate enough to be admitted to it have a real opportunity to participate in a democratic discussion of problems important to every young person,” stated Dean Doiothy C Stratton when questioned m regard to her opinion of the new marriage course that is being offered to 40 seniprs this coming semester
Dashing around the Union, listening in on bull-sessions, eavesdropping, etc , etc , we overheard much that was of interest in regard to the new course
Final time reminds us of the library Everybody flocks to it in droves, trying to absorb bits of wis dom that may mean an A instead of a B, or a P instead of a D Let’s give the students the benefit of the doubt and give them a little peace and quiet For relaxation, the Un * ion IS light next dooi At the li biaiy It’s QUIET HOURS
Practicality One CO ed expressed the desire that the subject should be treated practically and that theoretics should not even enter the picture The Court of Human Relationships was suggested bv one student as a possible mode of conduction for these classes with protil^ms being bi ought up in the discussions with various solutions discussed As stated by one BMOC, “The major ity of college students want to get mained It is best to be as adequately prepared foi this important step as possible I would like to heal the problems of marriage discussed—paiticularly that of di
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
MADS
klAlll
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
HOLLYWOOD'S GREAT WAR DRAMAI MAY OLIVER GE0R6E SANDERS ROBSON
— COMING — THE HUNCHBACK OF NOTRE DAME
Some objections as to the set up of the course weie expiessed It seems theie a general objection to having classes at the time sched uled—that is Thursday night from 7 00 to 9 00 As a substitute, stu dents suggested two peiiods of one houi eithei at 4 00 oi in the legular class schedules
Big Names Many students would like to see some off campus speakers who have made names as competent author ities on this subject brought to these classes The professors on
the campus must feel their responsibility in regard to the teaching and must not feel that they are not to be open to criticism at all times. The students wish to feel that they are free to criticize them and offer suggestions.
The course is a new thing, it has a chance to be a great addition to th^ curriculum and m the opinion of most of the students, “It’s a fine thing ”
McGraw-Hill Publish
Canfield's New Text
The McGraw-Hill Book Company has just published a new book entitled “The Measurement of Alternating Cun ent Energy” by Professor D T Canfield, Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering This book, with its companion volume, “Vector Representation for Electrical Meteimen,” published in 1931, is intended primarily for use m the electrical industry However, it will also be used by Professor Canfield m his course on electric meters
Phi Kappa Sigma
social fraternity, announces the election of the folloiving ofqcers President, L C Farquhar, Vice-president, J H Bowling, Social Chairman, A E Evers, Pledge Master, R Non is. House Manager, W G Wright It also announces the pledging of D A Blocking, Indianapolis, Ind
Dave Marker
extension staff drainage specialist, spoke m Lima, Ohio, before a meeting of the Ohio Pr^m Tile Manufactui ei s Inc , recently The subject of his speech was “Diainage Extension Work”
THE GIANT OF MUSICAL FUN SHOWS!
NOW PLAYING
uinmni
UMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TWO DELUXE FEATURES
WITH — RANDOLPH SCOTT Preston Foster - Margaret Lindsay
PLUS—2ND FEATURE ACTION IN THE OIL FIELDS!Tuesday» lotiuary 16, 1940
£xfwmnt SfioiM. fiaqsL
Squash Jeam Battles To Drw In Meet With Indianapdiis Racquet Men Saturday
/
Rivalry betweeii the Indianapdiis Athletic Club Squash -team and the Riveter racquet Wielders reached a new high Saturday as the two clubs fought to a draw in, the most closely contested of the long series between the two squads^ The lAC team assumed an early lead, but this was soon dissipated by the Boilermakers and the meet ended with both teams boasting six wins and six loses.
Captain Eberhart of the Riveter team fought a close battle with Teany of the lAC in the longest tussle of the afternoon. The Indianapolis star was able to eke out a 3-2 victoty although the match was tied until the final point. Henry Lagenskamp, last year’s state champion squash, player won a match from Morley 3-1, while Han Morse, member of the Riveter squash team four years ago, was defeated by Blessing 3-0. Munro earned the honor of being the only other Boilermaker to win 3-0 by a -victory over Wright of the lAC.
Faculty
The three faculty members of the Riveter squad batted .667 for the afternoon, as Labree and Clevett “battled Krieg and Noyles for identical 3-0 wins, while Knoll lost to Wood «f the Capitol city team, 3-1. The lAC team, which is composed of young business and professional men, “won a 10-0 victory over the Boilermaker contingent last month in Indianapolis. This victory gives the downstaters a 1-0 edge over the local team in the competition for the famed Coffee Cup, the symbol of rivalry between the two clubs. Fourth Year This is the fourth year in which
first year it was presented, the Indianapolis team won possession of it, with the Boilermaker team keeping it at Lafayette for the next two years. The summary of the Saturday contests is as follows;
lAC
Purdue
Teany
Rand 3 McMillan Celler 3 Smith Appel ' 1 Mann Langenskamp 3 Morley Morse 0 Blessing Wright 0 Munro Adams 3 Dusenberg Krieg» 0 Labree Noyles 0 Clevett Wood 3 Knoll Team score: Indianapolis letic CluL o *^urdu.
Capt. Eberhart 2
1 1 8 1 3 3 1 3 3 1
Ath-
Prof. Leila R. Gaddis ... of the Agriculture Experi-
ment Station and state leader of home demonstration agents, was elected honorary life president of the Indiana Home Economics Association at the annual meeting held during the Agricultural Conference. The group also voted to have a por-
the cup has been in circulation. Thetrait of her painted during the com-
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
By J. Bedisfdl
Although the fi?|st gattte between the two Hodsier fives in the Big Ten conference, Purdue and Indiana, is not scheduled to be played until February 10, we, nevertheless, like to bring out some points relative to the potential prowess of these two teams both of whom played the Minnesota Gophers in three days, and see how they stack up -against each other, statistically. —^fc— As the Purdue-Indiana game is a classic in conference circles and a lot hinges On the outcome of this affair, today we present the statistics of the Hoosier teams in their respective games. . .. We haVe not seen the Cream and Crimson play >et, but we do think that the following statistics are Of interest. —^fc— In the game at Minneapolis Saturday the Gophers took the measure of the Indiana bunch by a score of 46-44, while the Boilermakers licked the same outfit by a score of 50-34 . . . the Bloomington lads nicked the draperies for 17 buckets as the BoifeVmakers dropped in 20. ... In fouls and personals, respectively, the former made six and 15. . . . The latter’s statistics read 10 and 12 along this line. —^fc— In all-around play the Boilermakers “defeated” Indiana. . . . Five Riveters made at least six points w hile only three Hoosiers accounted for that many. —^fc— Outstanding men for Indiana were Armstrong, who rang up seven baskets, Schaefer three, and W. Menke five. . . . On the Boilermaker side of the ledger, Igney accounted for three, Sprowl four, Blanken four, Fisher five, and Tieimey three. —fc— SOMETHIN’ ASIDE . . . Personally, we thought that Spotts Emrick and his band outfit had something last night when they^ whipped off a couple of numbers. . . . But we, personally, didn’t like the way a bunch of callous-witted students added a touch of their own whistling to Emrick’s music. . . . Let the boys play next time without any disturbance.
NOW IS THE TIME
To put a Classified ad in the Exponent to bring you good results If you want to buy—sell-swap—rent or find something use the classified column in
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
%l Kappa Sigmas Lead I Race For FratTrophy Leading the pack in the race for the fraternity particijiation trophy, the Phi Kappa Sigmas have 218 poihts to date. Following closely. Kappa Sigma and Phi Kappa Tau claim undisputed rights to second and third places, respectively. Alph Gamma Rho and Lambda Chi Alpha are deadlocked for fourth place, and Sigma Chi, Beta Theta Bi, and Sigma Nu are tied fdr scmrenth position. Sigma Alpha Mu completes the first ten in the standings. Princeton's Dean ToSpeakAtConvo Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, dean of the Princeton University Chapel will be the principal speaker for the monthly convocation of worship Sunday morning, January 21, in Fowler Hall Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee on arrangements, announced yesterday. President Elliott . . . returned Sunday from Pittsburgh where he went on Friday with Dr. H. L. Creek to attend the meeting of the committee on English, of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. Dr. Elliott remained in Pittsburgh Saturday night where he was a guest at a dinner and program honoring J. K. Lilly, former trustee of Purdue, for his gifts to the city and University. Debris Deadline . . . for the January snapshot contest has been set for February 1. Winning photographs will be punted in the Exponent and these winners will be eligible to compete for a free Debris. Snapshots should be left in the little green box which has now been moved to the Exponent office m the Union
WBAA
TODA'X 11-00—The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1-30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses 1:45—Maiket Repoits 2 00—Community Piogiam 2:15—Vu'ginia Reed, violinist 2:30—You and Your Child 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—The Voice of Industry 3:15—Concert Review 4-00—Heralds of Destiny 4:15—Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour
ARC
Starts Today and Wednesday and Contiues for 15 Weeks
Northwestern Swimmers Defeat Boilermaker Tankmen 50-34
count. The iiilxpefienced Riveter team was no ifiatch for the seasoned Wildcats. Coach Papenguth has announced that another Aquacade show is being planned in answer to the demands of the annual road school, which will convene heie the week of the 22nd of January, the show being scheduled for Wednesday night, Jan. 24. Most of the stars of the first production have been secured, ^ including Larry Griswold, Adolf Kiefer, and Patty Aspinal. New Records Both Patty Aspinal and Kiefer will seek new world’s records in the breast stroke and back stroke, respectively. Griswold will again jio his heart-stirring antics on and around the diving boards. Another feature of the earlier show which will be brought back is the water ballet, staged by the Triton Club. A water polo game will be on the program. The varsity team will face the ineligible polo team members, and there are enough of the latter to insure a close battle. Radio Club . . will sponsor another of the popular radio exchanges tonight at 7:30 in room 254 of the EE building. Members are urged to gather spare parts which they have and bring them to the exchange. Either cash or “swap” will prevail. Lauffer of Rockefeller Institute To Address AChS Di. Max A. Lauffer, of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research, will be the speaker at the January meeting of the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society next Thursday evening, at 7.30 p. m in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. His subject will be “Physics and the Chemistry of Tobacco Mosaic Virus.” Dr. Lauffer will be guest of honor at a dinner preceding the meeting.
A 60-34 score was Northwesten/s margin of victory over the BoHetmaker tankmen last Saturday, but Coach Dick Papenguth isn't the least dismayed about the showing of his swimmers, for as he says, “Most of the boys swam their b^ race this season,” The veteran Tom Robison’s Wildcat aquamen presented a well-bal-anced lineup, sparked chiefly by Dick Fahrback, and showed that their title intentions are well-ba^-ed by performance. Last year the Robison outfit finished in a tie for fourth place in the Big Ten swimming meet, and predictions point further upward for this season. 220 Yard Battle As expected, the three-way battle m the 220 yard free style materialized into a real thriller with less than a yard separating the trio. Outstroking the Boilermaker “twins,” Siler and Captain Graham, Northwestern’s Captain S a r 1 e s nosed out a slim one-yard victory, while the two Riveters tied for second place. In the quarter-mile free style event the*" same trio was iptact; however, the results were reve^nsed this time, and Captain Johnny Grahafn stroked his way to the tape about a yard ahead of teammate Chuck Siler, and three yards in front of opponent Surles. 100 In 53.9 The whalebone of the Wildcat team, Dick FahTback, defeated Dick Kratzer, Riveter sophomore, in another close event, the 50 yard free style. Ted Anderson finished a close third. In the 100 yard free style Fahrback^gain finished ahead of Kratzer, winning in the remarkable time of 53.9 seconds. Having one one diver to pit against the Wildcats, Papenguth’s men were easily subdued in the diving events. However, the Wildcats sported one of the finest divers ever seen here on the campus in the personage of Tommy Powell, sixth ranking intercollegiate diver last year. Water Polo After swimming meet, the Wildcats forced the Riveter water polo team to the short end of a 10-1
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
coLieai^
‘Do you expect to go through life ALWAYS having your own way ?”
"Have you heard?" COLLEGE INN Announces the Playing of ELECTRIC ORGAN Music Noon and Evening
COLLEGE INN
356 State Street
Phone 4279fj&j, . .. ^ ■, '■r'''v**tW. * ^ ■" '
* S' u
* «:- HC A-^i*'^ “
-1:4a. *
■^J
%
'■':>*,» ip' I.
tHE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, January 16, 1940
But _ Incidentally— By Petrov Some months ago one of Lady Esther’s best friends told her she’d sell a hell of a lot more face powder and stulF if she let a man do the commercials on her radio program instead of sh^ doing them . . . For a long time we’ve had suspicions that she even lets the men write them now . . . After her last week’s show we’re sure of it. .. Imagine the shudder that went down her spine when the announcer opened the microphone and his mouth
and said,
“Put the powder between your teeth . . . “BE SURE YOUR TEETH ARE EVEN . . . “Then grit them together . . . etc. . . . etc. . . . Grandma, what nice crooked teeth you have . . .
* * *
In casting our eye over the many and simdry things we should know in order to pass English 121a we found to our amazement, that we had quite a pile of complimentary closes to choose from in writing the “business
letter”:
Recommended Taboo Yours truly, and oblige. Yours very truly, I am.
Believe me,
I beg to remain.
Yours for bigger business, Yours for better business. Yours for more business. Yours for a big year. Yours for prosperity, Yours until Niagara Palls,
Hoping you are OK,
. . . and so on into the night. No wonder they want to do away with finals . . . Personally, we like to use something different like “Yours, ’til we get a job,” or “Yours ’til Confucius Says.”
Very truly yo^irs.
Sincerely,
Yours sincerely. Sincerely yours. Most sincererly. Very sincerely.
Cordially
Cordially yours. Yours cordially.
Sometime after finals we’re going to sneak up and
JalL * Finals .. the most loved and hated things on the campus. There are two classes of students whom finals really effect. To the rest of us they are just something that we have to put up with. Class one includes the really good students who due to unfortunate circumstances have an average which does not indicate their true knowledge of the subject. To them finals are a blessing for they are a chance to bring the average up and show that they really know something about the course. Class number two are also people whose averages are not so good. The main difference being that in finals they will once again show that they don’t know what it’s all about, thus ending the last chance of the Prof, taking pity on them saving them from the C, I, and D list. The rest of us won’t lower the average any and we probably won’t raise it any. They are just something to get over so we can go home. We don’t know which class you are in, but we will be seeing you when the top sergeant blows the whistle and we go over the top at the zero hour... Wednesday at 1 p. m. -r J. C. W.
ask Prof. Lanczos what turning a tennis ball inside out has to do with the fourth dimension .... Granting of course that, after finals, we aren’t turning tennis balls inside out ourselves, somewhere over by Logansport.. .
Clarence Is Rather Brief Today* ♦ ♦
^ Today Clarence collared an average student, in order to get results on a privately conducted poll without asking everyone in the country to answer lots of silly questions. Might as well break down now, and tell the dopes that are ignorant enough to read farther that Clarence collared himself. Rather uncomfortable at first; but people get used to anything, as a
Bull Session
Editor’s Note: Letters published in this column are Uie opinion of the person submitting; them and do not necessarily represent the policy of the Exponent. Students submitting; letters should sig;n their names but they will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be turned in at the Exponent box at the west Union desk. We read, we can you know, ^ feature on Purdue Queens in Sunday’s Exponent. Miss Burtsfield, whoever she is, seems to be opposed to more queens. But we like queens. In fact the more the merrier. After all most of the girls come here and work, believe it or not, for four long years. Lots of them don’t even pick up a suitable husband during the process. Some of them don’t even get a really good boy friend. Poor girls. They really deserve something for all that hard work. After all queens aren’t especially expensive things. Of course, it would take a little importing, but we would like to see “A Queen for Every Student” as the University’s motto. Or at least one for every upperclassman. The frosh don’t deserve queens. Foo. Personally I would like to date the Homecoming queen we elected this fall Was she nice. R. S. E. ’42.
Deal Bull: Where is this thing called justice? I know someone who Vrote a paper for one course, got the paper back with an A- on it, and the comment that it was good work. Fine! Greatly rushed for time and material, this student decided to correct the paper and hand it in as a theme for anothei class. The professor kindly gave his official 0. K. on the plan—so to woik once again. After checking the thesis thoroughly and having one of the staff members go through it, the hopeful student turned in the “mastei piece ” This theme meant flunk or pass— and what do you suppose happened? The prof, handed back the papei with no grade on it “It wasn’t worth one,” he alibied. In one class it’s worth an A-; in another . Tell me, is this justice ? W. L. R. '48.
senior was heard to ^hout at midnight last Friday night.
Question No. 1; When are final examinations ? brought no reply, but Clarence was muttering something about murdering three instructors and the head of a school.
Brightening noticeably, Clarence said (Quote) I get off on Tuesday afternoon the 23, and don’t come back Wednesday the 31. (Rapid calculations would show that Clarence is NOT a distinguished student.) * * While paging through The Kentucky Kernel, Clarence found a new word. The columnist described Chiistmas as “lodestonic.”
't'What the proper noun,” shouts our heio. Good old Webster’s Col-
legiate says “Loadstone—Magnetite possessing polarity.”
Oh, well. Kind of made Clarence remember a sophomore last year who skipped Corps Day review. He “didn’t want to be calisthenticized.”
The next week he was gun-drilled.
“I suppose I’ve shown off enough for one day,” says Clarence quietly pitching the typewriter into the corner. They’ll find out sooner or later that I’m the intellectual type.”
Use EXPONENT Ads
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" ‘ Everything for a College Education
• Dine
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119’/2Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Mam St Phone 4781 LAFAYETT^ INDIANA
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Florists
• jewelers
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
MARY MARTIN
Dont Forget The Mars Passes
With EXAMS only two days away, the pressure on the campus has bOcome terrific. Students that have always been students are just going to pieces .... notice the crowds in the C-Shop, the Sweet Shop, and the Blazer. ^' —B & B— Exam Strain . . . . . . just got too great for little Jim Orton, Sig Ep sophomore. We have the story that Orton was the first Sig Ep to let his pin go this year on the campus . . . her name is Joan Cooper, Kappa “Redhead” . . . anyway you have proved that persistence wins out, Orton. —B ,& B— The Sucker ... J . . . story of the day concerns the
girl that “joes” with Steve Htch (Purdue wolf) every day. It seems that she was sucker enough to lend him two dollars (good ones at that) to go down to DePauw to see his one (?) and only (?) Pin girl??? , —B & B— Editor Bold and Bla^ Sir, This morning’s column started a more general “Hit Parade.” It is one which most of us would recognize. “I Only Want a Buddy not a Sweetheart—Capt. Holmes. “Cut Down the Ole Pine Tree”— “Gloomy Gus” Trueblood “Does Your Heart Beat For Me?” —“Spots” Emrick. “You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby”—Bobby Lowe. “The Little Fox”—Dean Fisher. “Careless”—Doc Miller. “Faithful Forever”—Dr. Elliott. Very truly yours, R. E. K.
'Theta Chi pledge, Bill “IPrenchy” Leineweber, purchased for the price of one dollar a photograph of Kappa queen Erma Berry. The pay off is the fact that he doesn’t even know the girl, and all the time we thought his secret passion was Jone Ostrander. ^B & B— Ed’s note: For a dime apiece “sonny” we will be glad to furnish you prints of any girl on the campus . . . not to mention some rather nice ones off the campus . . . yeh, we aren’t talking about what you are thinking either. We had “movie stars” in mind. —B & B— At this point your editor would gladly swap a little campus dirt for a comprehensive knowledge in a certain Met course. . . . MARS PASSES will be awarded for the best CONTRIB this week.
For more pleasure at the movies see Paramount's Feature Attraction THE GREAT VICTOR HERBERT starring ALLAN JONES and MARY MARTIN For more smoking pleasure enjoy CHESTERFIELD'S feature Attractions -.REAL MILDNESS and BEHER TASTE.
ALLAN JONES
Mildness
and Better Taste are Chesterfield’s Feature Attractions The Right Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos in Chesterfield gives you two features you can get in no other cigarette... Real Mildness and Better Taste On top of that, Chesterfield gives you a far cooler smoke. You can^t buy a better cigarette.