3E!
gri;j«aaaswi>?g-7gg;ggKi
./i:
• '
the
P u r <
d u e
El
c p o n
ent
TUESDAY January 4, 1938 Lafayette. Indiana VOL. 49 No. 81
Alpha Phi Omega Jeins PIA, PSA, In RoPming Survey
Alpha Phi Omega members will cooperate with workers from the Purdue Independent Association and the Purdue Student Alliance this afternoon in carrying On a survey of all West Lafayette student rooming houses, Don Moore, president of the scout honorary, announced last night. The canvass, sponsored by Exponent, PIA, and PSA was begun shortly before the Christmas vacation. Members of the latter two organizations completed a house-to-house survey of Ward 1 yesterday afternoon in a renewal of the drive. Today'the interviewers will canvass Ward 2 and start on another Ward if possible. Bob Buckles and Bob Schlundt, heads of PSA and PIA, respectively, said last night they believed the assistance of Alpha Phi Omega would enable them to have every West Side rooming place surveyed by the end of the week.
NSFA Picks Purdue For '3S CoRvenfion
Purdue University and- the Student Senate will play hosts to delegates of the National Student Federation of America at their 1938 convention. Senate President Dan Rohyans reported last night. Rohyans returned yesterday from the 30th convention of the federation held at Albuquerque, N. M., from December 28 to January 1. He was the official delegate from Purdue, gave the first student address on “Revitalizing the Student Council,” and served on the drafting commission. On Friday before the closing day of the session, the several himdred delegates in attendance chose West Lafayette as the 1938 convention city. A farewell luncheon and a tour of the University of New Mexico campus Saturday ended the four day conference, at which many problems of student government were discussed. NSFA is composed of student governing bodies in colleges and universities throughout'the nation.
Three Students Honored By ASU
(See editorial on page 2) * Robert Buckles, EE ’39, Helen Howard, HE ’38, and Stanley Steinbach, Sci. ’40, represented Purdue’s Student Alliance at the third annual convention of the American Student Union conducted at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, N. Y., on December 27-31. Buckles, PSA chairman, served as chairman of the credentials committee during the conference and was elected tq^ the national executive committee," governing and policyforming body between conventions, at the close of the four-day session. Only chapter of the ASU in the Midwest to receive the honor, the Purdue Student Alliance was presented with y bpund volume of all issue of the Student Advocate, the publication of the national organization, in “recognition of outstanding services during 1937.’^ Buckles and Miss Howard traveled to the convention in a chartered bus along with delegates from the Universities of Illinois, Wisconsin, and Chicago, while Steinbach came down from his New York home.
Exponent Board All elected members of the Exponent staff will meet with faculty advisers 'in the conference room of Agricultural Hall at 4:45 o’clock Thursday afternoon, January 6. —Manion.
Officials Complete Plans For Annual Road School In University Armory
Announcement of the twenty-fourth annual r()ad school is being sent now to county highway and city street officials and others concerned with construction and maintenance of streets, roads, and bridges of the state. The school will be held at the University, January 24 to 28, by the engineering extension department and the school of civil engineering in cooperation with several other organizations. > Plans have been completed for the special road show which will include an exhibit of materials and equipment, to open Tuesday evening, January 25, in the University Armory. The show, which is always a feature of the school, will attract a large number of commercial exhibitors and is in charge of Walter O’N^all, secretary of the Highway Materials and Equipment Association, which is in general charge of the show. Governor M. Clifford Townsend has accepted an invitation to address the annual banquet on Thursday evening at 6:30, and he heads a list of notable figures representing the highway industry. Final details of the program are now being prepared by Prof. B. H. Petty of the schbol of civil engineering, who is chairman of the Road School, and Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, in charge of the engineering extension department.
Professor Walter Q. Fikh Dies After Heart Attack During Christmas Recess
Professor Walter Q. Fitch, state leader of farmers’ institutes, died early in the morning of December 21. He suffered a heart attack the evening before while attending a dinner party at the home of Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. A'few hours later, despite medical aid, the attack resulted in his death, at the age of 51. Professor Pitch graduated from the University in 1913. Because of his outstanding work while in school he was placed jupon the extension staff upon graduation. He served in many capacities during his life. For 12 years Professor Pitch was the superintendent of the state com show and for six years he worked as assistant super-' intendent of the International Grain and Hay Show at Chicago. He engaged in numerous other projects with which the extension department was concerned.
Walter Q. Fitch
Leaving 1937 Behind, University Officials Plan Big Year For Institution During 1938
By G. J. Tafel Leaving behind a year which was the University’s most successful to date, plans are already under way for the 1938 program. Consulted last night. University officials were very reticent in making definite statments, although several improvements and changes are under consideration. Prof. F. C. Hockema', assistant to President Elliott, promised a more definite review of the University’s program for the coming year after the Board of Trustees Meeting, January 19. Students Desire Vacation?
During the past several years, a Thanksgiving vacation has been in and out of the University catalogue due to petitions from students. This year numerous students have signified their desire of a suitable Thanksgiving vacation, and it is highly probable that the Board will consider this change, dependihg upon student desire.
T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, stated last night that plans are under way which may possibly reduce fees for out-of-state engineering studehts. This change will be completed soqn, and full information will be released in a future edition of the Exponent. He went on to say, “The campus development plan calls for removal of the old Engineering Administration Building, but it will probably not be removed for several years
because of crowded conditions. Enrollment Increases The University has gained the largest percentage of enrollment of the larger institutions in the nation, according to Johnston. Last semester showed an increase of approximately 19 percent, while this year’s increase was from 12 to 13
percent.
Of the four ^mpus buildjjpgs
under construction, all will be ready for occupancy next fall. Excava-
tion is completed and cement is being poured for the foundations of the new Ag;richltural Chemistj:y Building and the addition to the Horticulture Building. Two new men’s' residence halls have the foundations completed and the buildings will be finished by June 30. One-half of the first floor of the west building has been completed, and construction of framework for the first floor of the other hall is under way.
Registration Helpers Students who wish to work for the Registrar at the second semester registration, Febmary 1 and 2, will please call at the Registrar’s office and fill out an application blank sometime this week." Those with preious experience at registration, or at other clerical work are prefexTed. , R. B. Stone, Registrar.
\h
f ,'
Wilkinson Cancels Convo Date Because Of Politics'
/
Exponent Scribe Visits Mrs. l^izer During Vacation By Jerry Torrence, Jr.
Nobe Kizer, head football coach, recently suffered a relapse in his convalescence back to health at Tucson, Ariz. With visitors positively prohibited from seeing him, doctors have even ordered the name of the hospital to remain undisclosed. A visit to the Kizer residence at 2115 Hawthorne street in Tucson, however, found Mrs. Kizer and her two sons in high spirits. Most of the houses in the southwestern city are one story affairs, some with a walled patio in the rear, and your correspondent found the Kizer home no exception. Mrs. Kizer said that she was quite lonesome in the city and was glad to get to talk to someone from “back home.” She went on to say that she liked Tucson better than Albuquerque, N. M., from which the Kizer family recently moved because of the colder climate in the latter city. Nobe Exercises Too l^uch The reason for Nobe’s relapse is given as lack of conservation of energy. He went horseback riding with his sons once too often. On the night of such a day which he had spent as an equestrian, Johnny Drake, all-conference halfback of Purdue last year, and a member of the Cleveland Rams this fall, dropped in on Nobe while en route to the west coast. After spending, the night with the athietiq^ dir^tor’s family, John continued on'nis way. The resultant strain was evidently too much, however, for Nohe went to the hospital that day. Nobe expects to return here for spring practice, but doctors are all (Continued on page 4)
10D Pistol Novices Win Medals; Try For Team Today
Climaxing three months of intensive pistol instruction in which 720 novices took part. Captain W. L. Kay of the military department announced last night that 100 novices received medals and the remaining 620 students failed to qualify. J. A. Powell with a score of 85 was the only student to receive an Expert medal. 26 Receive Sharpshooter Rating The following students received Sharpshooter medals with a score of 75. J. A. Bodkin, W. B. Boothby, E. E. Coolman, W. D. Croft, J. O. Davis, E. H. Duval, C. B. Doyle, K. N. Kettenring, W. A. Knapp, A. A. Kuzmitz, J. L. Kirsch, G. F. Lutz, W. E. Madden, J. M. Martin, E. E. Rothenberger, J. W. Scott, R. E. Schornstheimer, J. O. South, T. J. Suneson, J. E. Taylor, and L. L. Treece. Marksmen medals were awarded to 73 students with scores of 65. Last years varsity team was composed of the following men: J. W. Greiner, capt.; E. N. Cox, manager; P. B. Ewing, W. B. Wolverton, L. K. Schoon, E. W. Little, J. A. Meredith, F. E. Gaiser, M. E. Flater, and J. E . Brock. The freshman team of last year was composed of the follovi'ing men: R. C. Becker, M. A. Ahlvin, G. C. Foxworthy, F. R. Ferguson, and R. K. Grove. Tryouts Today Last yjsar’s varsity and freshmen along with the 100 medalists selected this year will be eligible for tei^m tryouts beginning at 4 p. m. today in the Armory. J. B. Greiner of the agricultural engineering department will assist Captain Kay in the selection of those to be retained for the varsity pistol team. This year’s schedule will be the heaviest ever undertaken. The team will have 80 matches in the National Rifle Association Interclub League against the best civilian ^nd militax’y teams in the country from January 15 to April 23. A collegiate schedule of at least 15 matches will be announced about February 1, when a call will be made for ti*youts for the freshman team.
Conyocation Chairman Prof. j. T. Gunn, Says No Substitute For Englishwoman Will Be Found * Because of important political duties, even though Parliament is not in session, and the possibility of an election ih England, Ella Wilkinson has canceled all of her American engagements, and thus will not be able to keep her lecture date here tomorrow night. Miss Wilkinson, who is the only woman labor member of Parliament, was scheduled to speak here on “Unemployment . . . Our Curable Disease,” as the third in the series of convocation lectures. During the month of January last year, she spoke 25 times in this country. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, announced last night that no substitution will be made, but that another lecturer will be selected for a later date, probably ^around February 10.
Faculty Deaths, Meetings Mark Two-Weeks’ Vacation
By L. S. Hardin Deaths and meetings headlined University news during the twoweek’s Christmas holiday. Leading Agricultural Educator Prof. W. Q. Fitch, state leader of farmers’ institute work, died suddenly of a heart attack Tuesday morning, December 21. Stricken in the home of University Controller R. B. Stewart following a dinner party, he was too ill to be removed. His for 13 years, has been the task of directing the aimual Agricultural Conference, which wil sltart next Monday.
Also a victim of heart ailment was Wayne E. Leer, 40-year-old state leader in barberry eradication work. He died at the Home Hospital, Sunday, December 26.
Press dispatches from Tucson, Ariz., reporting Athletic Director Noble Kizer’s condition woi-se, prompted a quick exchange of telegrams last Tuesday. E. B. Baugh, general Alumni Association secretary, learned that the reports were unfounded. Kizer, slowly recovering from last summer’s illness, did report to his hospital for a rest and a check-up.
Students remaining on the campus during the vacation were treated to daily amusement in the Memorial Union Building. Free bowling, games, and a tea dance were on the holiday program.
Members of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, meeting in Indianapolis durin gthe holidays, elected Dr. A. A. Potter, Dean of the engineering school, as their vice-president in charge of engineering during 1939. This honor came following a nation-wide poll of members. Prof. K. Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics department, and other University instructors appeared on the Association program.
Dr. Hass, head of the chemistry department, made headlines Thursday when he disclosed a new nitration process at a meeting of the American Chemical Society. Discovered by the Purdue Research Foundation, the process of nitration utilizes natural gas now going to waste.
Columnist O. O. McIntyre recently praised the biography of English novelist, and plajrwright, Somerset Maugham, written and published by Prof. Cordell of the University English department. Prof. Cordell has been on a year’s leave of absence from the University.
Automobile accident victim Prof. J. H. McKee, of the English department, is recovering at his home, but will not be back on the job until th^ first of February. He was struck by a car while walking across the street Friday evening preceding vacation. He is recuperating frpm injuries of the pelvic bone.
Foresters Plan North Woods' Atmosphere For Friday Night Ball
Balsam incense will give a north woods aroma to the Union ballroom Friday night as Joe McCartney and his orchestra plays for the first Foresters’ Ball sponsored by Xi Sigma Pi, foi’estry honorary, and Forestry Club. The backdi’op will be in keeping with the woodland atmosphere of the ball, and Christmas trees, if procurable, will line the walls of the ballroom. The dance will last from 9 to 12, and tickets may be obtained for one dollar at the Union desk or from Xi Sigma Pi and Forestry Club members. Proceeds from the dance will go to the student loan fund.
Emrick Is Recovering
Professor Paul Spotts Emrick, 750 Stadium Avenue, is i*ecovering from a minor operation at the St. Elizabeth Hospital. The band-di-rectoi^s condition is excellent and it is expected" that he will soon be able to leave the hospital.
ParfittRefumsHome
Dr. E. H. Pai'fitt, of the University dairy department, returned December 31 fi'om a five day trip to Washington, D. C. He attended the annual meeting of the Society of American Bi^cteriologjsts.
Brock Tells About Newspaper Work Over WBAA Today
Exponent Managing Editor Jack Brock, will speak over Purdue station WBAA from 1 to 1:16 o’clock this afternoon on the daily work involved in publishing the University student newspaper and on the personnel of the 1937-38 staff. Brock’s talk will occupy the WBAA time being devoted each week to discussion of present day journalism, supei-vised by Dr., J. H. McKee, professoxwn the English department and faculty advisor of the Exponent.
Romping Robins Rouse Raucous Rubes ’ Reverie
By I. Otto Knowbetter Robins in December, like roses in December, are a rare sight in this northern clime. A carload ef the redbreasted birdies on any passenger train would make a news story of the same plane as the eveivfamous “man bites dog.”.<^ “What happened to you on the night of December 16?” is a good question NOT to ask five underv graduates of this Vmversity. For cm that fateful night, mirthful history (Continued on page 4).... were pastiming aw^ay a Ghristmas vacation, almost 700 socially-minded youths from the nation’s institution of learning gathered at Vassal’ College in New York to spend four days in discussing economic and social problems of the nation—problems that concern every person in the United States, as well as every college and university student. American Student Union’s face is less “red” as a result of that four-day conference, and its policies more acceptable to the average student, to the average citizen. Both its personnel and its principles underwent democratic changes. Last year, predominated in numbers by communistic and socialistic members, ASU’s national executive committee—policy-form-ing body for the organization during the 361 days yearly it is not at convention—ris now overwhelmingly democratic, includes less than half a dozen “red” councilrrien. Last year the Student Union endorsed the Oxford pledge “not to go to war for King or country.” Last week’s convention delegates rescinded that support, adopted a more provisional peace declaration which would permit participation in a war against continental invasion. The present resolution, proposed by National Executive Secretary Joseph Lash and accepted by the peace commission of the convention, reads: “We pledge the American Student Union support to a program which will make the United States a genuine and active force for peace. In answer to the urgent danger of world war, we favor immediate steps to restrain fascist aggression by contributing America’s decisive influence in behalf of world peace. “We urge American leadership in naming aggressors, employing embargoes against aggressors, and organizing these efforts through international collaboration. Such embargoes should include war supplies, raw materials, loans and credits. We also urge repeal or modification of the present Neutrality Act so as to discriminate between aggressor and attacked and to give aid to the latter. “We favor cooperation with all sections of American opinion in independent popular action against aggressors, emphasizing boycott of Japanese goods, assisting trade unions in preventing the manufacture and transportation of war supplies to Rebel Spain and Japan, and sending material aid to the Spanish and Chinese peoples, “We oppose the preparations for war in the United States, particularly the ‘M-day’ plans such as the Sheppard-Hill Bill, which would impose a war-time dictatorship. We favor the NyeKvale bill and oppose the American military budget.”
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan'. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sunimer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year ; by mail .$3.50. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBINO BY NatiemallldvertisiiigSeresceJnc. Collegt: Fuhlishurs Refiresenlalive 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - L03 ANGELES - GAN FHANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE , Room E, Memorial Union Building, Webt Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Bxponetj't Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION staff X Managing Editor... JS- E. Brock Associate Editors : ..D. A, Bailey, J/. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary..... Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager : J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager .....R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager -M. C. Reeves CO-ED TAFF ...Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF R. P. Obenchain .....J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor.. Associate Editors..
Editor Associate Editors..
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint'. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-otr-inchief. Issue Editor—Loveridge Night Editor—Vance Tuesday, January 4, 1938
Purdue’s Student Alliance, which sent three members to the national conference, did not accept the endorsement of the Oxford pledge, nor does it favor the boycott on Japanese goods. Honors came to the.Purdue chapter of ASU at the convention. PSA Chairman Boh Buckles was appointed chairman of the credentials committee on arrival at Vassar and was elected to the 1938 membership of the national executive committee. The Purdue group was given a bound volume of the Student Advocate, ASU’s official publication, in reward for its outstanding activeness during the past year. Undoubtedly the change of attitude in the American Student Union’s policies will gain greater support for its 1939 program.
collegiate
Chaperons at Agnes Scott College are going streamline. A group from the senior class has been chosen by. the Student Governments Association to “keep an eye on the young' folks.” According to the freshmen, the ideal chaperon will be a senior who is attractive—but not too attractive—^pretty perhaps, but never beautiful, who has an abundance of sympathetic understanding but not too much enthusiasm, who talks when there’s a lull in the conversation between the girl and her date, who will enter into the fun but who will never, never, under any circumstances be more vritty and attractive than the bright little thing she is chaperoning. Students are hopeful, but there’s the indisputable fact that date— that is, boy plus girl-—plus chaperon, equals the well-known eternal triangle. Unless, of course, boy friend just happens to bring along another man to sort of even things up.
Duquesne co-eds are unanimous in declaring that they would not regard a, man refusing to go to war as a coward, wh,ile men students prefer to be “living cowards than dead heroes.” The Duquesne Duke student publication, conducted the poll.
A wildcat that droops its ears, rolls its eyes, twitches its whiskers, and even snarls, a pig, and a gopher that wags ite tail are the latest formation inventions of the University of Minnesota marching band.
A college education within prison walls appears in prospect for a 19-year-old prisoner at Walla Walla, Washington, who became a lifeterm convict at the age of 12. Arrangements will probably be made to bring college studies to the lad.
Did you see it too—that picture of Anthony Eden, Foreign Minister of the United Kingdom ?—The picture which showed him with his finger so delicately poised while he drank a cup of 4 o’clock diplomatic tea. Yes, he’s wrong. Etiquette says it shouldn’t be done. The little finger is a bad actor. In most cases it is a little too short to reach the object being held with the aid of the thumb at the end of one or more of its larger brothers. Nearly always it is weak, too weak to do any good if it is long enough. And always its position at the jumping off place is so far away from the field of action that it is like a little boy’s air gun at the edge of a battle. But still it’s there and to kick it out into the air, simply screams its uselessness. Finger kicking has also drawn round it the suggestion of femininity in men—pretense for women.
DuPont Han To Talk At AlCliE Meeting The DuPont Research Department will be represented by Chaplin Tyler in an open meeting of the AIChE, scheduled for Monday, January 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the Electrical Engineering Building. Tyler, a personal friend of -Professor R. N. Shreve of the chemical engineering school, •vrill discuss the production of ammonia. His speech will be supported by many slides and charts.
ARC
TUBS. AND WED. MARX BROS. Groucho, Chico, Harpo in “A Day at the Races” with ALLAN JONES, MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN A Sam Wood Production and TOM KEENE in “God’s Country and the Man’ also Jungle Serial
Main
TODAY — TOMORROW FIRST RUN LAUGH RIOT
'Roll out the red carpet to the padded cell! Here comes the crown prince of mouthy mirth in a royal ravel
CUPID SCORES ... THE LITTLE DEVIL Of all the toasts proposed on New Year’s Eve we’ll bet not a one was proposed to Cupid .. . and that after all the wicked archery he did during the holidays. ^ Diamond prices advanced six points on the New York exchange as eight Purdue co-eds pranced back to school wearing sparklers. Thetas are already buzzing away at rush plans for next semester to make up the depletion in their ranks that Cupid has indicated he will make in the spring. Cupie, the little ]devil, cut his greatest swath in the Theta house, as five of their little darlings came back wearing the glittering diamonds. They are reading from left to right, up and down and all over the house showing off the sparkler : Jane Anderson, Martha Whitcomb, Mary Davis, Glenore Cullipher, and Barbara Pickett. And that ain’t all—Walt Scholer finally crashed through and gave the Army Brat, Lorna McLeod, a flashy little diamond for Xmas. The Pedalion Club crashed thru with two gals smitten by Cupid’s arrows . . . they are Elizabeth Stewart and June Hackleman. Yah . . . and when you-ve sufficiently recovered from that New Year’s Eve party you can loo|c up your final schedule .. . the pink peril is posted!
LUHA TODAY — WEDNESDAY
TME mm mm iF nimiFoys!
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Zmnm fgUi
Una Merkel, Lynne Overman Porter Hall, Edgar Kennedy —PLUS— First Pictures of the Bombing of the U. S. S. Panay by Japanese Planes
PETE SMITH NOVELTY
“I hate to shave myself—^I’m always talking myself into a shampoo and massage.”
Before Christmas Pauline George the ChiO, got a flasher. News flash: “Gentleman Loses Underclothing at Fashionable Ballroom in Columbus, 0., During Gala New Year’s Eve Dance.”
Dick Craig was in Columbus New Year’s Eve.
Cupid’s average drops as an error is recorded by a late wire to this office: Dick Jarvis, newly initiated Sigma Nu, got his pin back from Jackie Nicholson. But they tell us it ain’t a serious difficulty as it was only rejected because the KKG’s objected to a pledgling having a pin.
»the Pmfdae Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student >
«DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK „ DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Va Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Confectionery -— Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Giatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Taxi Service — The Thinking: Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25s per passengrer any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO. — Printing i—
□ .
P
MINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
*^011108 Stationery . Wedding Invitations — Sales Books, Etc.
PHONE
2 6 2 8 GASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Locksmith
“C” CARTER i for K,eysLocks — General Repairing: Knife and Scissor Grinding: New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-lVJain, W. L.
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • . ' • Most exclusive assortment of corsag:e8 available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Dine
DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Jkwelry — R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605. Main Street R. C. EISpNBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER . This is all we do, but we do it'well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office#
TuesdayV Jonucoy 4, 1938
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
The basketball lads really had a vacation ... As a reward for banishing UCLA and Southern Cal., the boys got to go to the Rose Bowl classic . . . —^fc— After reading Kyle Chrichton’s article in the curent Collier’s about Hank Lnisetti^ we sorta felt that he was a little over enthusiastic in his claims for the Stanford ace’s ability . . . But after Hapk’s performance against Duquesne last week-end, we don’t know . . . The California ball hawk scored 50 tallies, 23 buckets and four free tosses as Stanford dbwned Duquesne, 92 to 27, on the Duquesne floor. —^fc— Cec Isbell didn’t hfive much opportunity to show himself in the
East-West tussle New Year’s Day . . . The kicking of Karamatic and some tough breaks kept Cec kicking out of the end zone all day . . . But the Boilermaker halfback was still one of the outstanding performers on the field . . . Corby Davis really turned in some fine plunging and was just about the best ground gainer in the game. —^fc— Looking over Lambert’s record as Purdue coach, we found that his first year he finished seventh in the Big Ten race . . . Since that year (1919), he has never come in less than fifth (1933) and has nev|er lost more conference games than he has won ... In his 19 years as the Boilermaker coach. Ward won the undisputed title four times and tied for these first honors five times . . Purdue and Ward should be darned proud of this record.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Iniramurcds
Court 1 7:00—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta Xi. 7:15—Theta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 8:25—Phi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8:40—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Court 2 7:00—Delta Chi v.3. Lambda Chi Alpha. 7:15—^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Upsilon. 8:26—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. -Triangle vs. Kappa Delta Rho.
8:40-
7:00-
Phi
Court 3
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs.
Kappa Psi.
7:15—Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
8:26—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Beta The-
Netmen Trounce Five Opponents On Christmas Jaunt To West Coast
Trackmen All men interested in coming out for track start working out iinmediately. The first meeting will be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in room 107 in the Fieldhouse. —PHILLIPS.
Riflery All men interested in riflery, either instruction or practice, please attend meeting this Friday at 4:30 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVETT.
ta Pi. 8:40—^Ward 5 vs. Ward 7X.
We will do more than just wish you a happy new year—^we will do everything possible to make this year your happiest year at Purdue. Why not make a late, but important resolution? I resolve: to spend more leisure time in my Union Building.
Herd’s to bigger and' better times in the Union
JhjL fiwvdjuuL TyimufoaL lAmmc
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Continue High Scoring In defeating DePauf/ Loyola, Denver, USC, UCLA; See Rose Bowl Game
Purdue’s basketball squad gave a fine account of itself on the holiday trip, chalking up five victories in as many starts, on its travels that led it out to the west coast. ^ The Gold and Black started its holiday jaunt in Chicago, on December 18 it met DePaul and conquered the Blue Demons, 60-50. All three of the Boilermaker high scorers— Johnny Sines, Jewell Young, and Gene Anderson—^were hitting the basket consistently, with the result that the DePaul five, although out in front at the very first, 8-7, were soon overhauled. Tom Dickinson was cut ove^ the eye when he took a nasty spill at the start
Purdue Squash Squad Loses Eastern Tilts
Purdue’s squash team, directed by M. L. Clevett, coach, made its annual trip east during the Christmas holiday. Captain Lucek, Linn, Sokolowski, Jackson ,and Juve comprised the squad. Lose Close One to Penn Playing its first match against Pennsylvania on December 27 at Philadelphia, the Boilermaker team lost 3-2, Juve and Jackson won, as Sokolowskji lost a five game match. On De6ember 28, the Purdue squad met Princeton at Trenton, losing 4-1. Jackson was the only winner. In New York City on December 29, Yale’s squad beat the Boilermakers, 6-0. Lucek Beats Champ The Purdue team lost its final Eastern match against Harvard on December 30 at New York City, 3-2. Juve won his match and Captaih Lucek beat last year’s national intercollegiate champioAi In spite of the scores. Coach Clevett considers the trip a success. The Eastern teams included some of the best collegiate squash players, so the Boilermaker squad got excellent experience for its Big Ten schedule.
Bob Cooper—tobacco auctioneer—tells why he, and other tobacco experts, prefer Luckies...
*TVe been auctioneering for 20 years,” says Mr. Cooper, "in Georgia, North Carolina and Tennessee...and I’ve seen the tobacco Lucky Strike buys at auction after auction. It’s the best in smoking quality.
"Luckies suit my throat, too, as well as my taste. Even after crying out bids 7 hours a day, Luckies never bother my throat in the least.” (Reason: the exclusive "Toasting” process expels certain irritants found in all tobacco.) V "In every section of the Tobacco Belt where I auctioneer,” Mr. Cooper adds,"I’ve noticed tobacco men smoking Luckies.” Are you bem^dng by the experience of the tobacco experts.^... Sworn records show that among independent tobacco experts, Luckies have twice, yes—twice, as many exclusive smokers as have all other cigarettes combined.
injury
of the game, but the proved to be minor.
Beat Loyola
"the following Monday, December 20, the Boilermakers, still in the Windy City, met and vanquished the powerful Loyola quintet, 55-41. This was the first defeat in 15 starts on the home floor for the Loyola Ramblers. Jewell Young led in scoring with nine baskets and a free throw for 19 points, while Gene Anderson managed to escape Nowak, six foot nine inch Rambler center, who handicapped his shooting somewhat, to score 12 points on five baskets and two charities. The first team got a real workout in this tilt, as the starting five played right through until the last few minutes of play. Denver Yanquished The next stop on Purdue’s net card was Denver, where the Boilermakers smeared the University of Denver, 72-41, on the following Wednesday, December 22. Young was on top in scoring, being assisted this time by Johnny Sines, each making 17 points, while Gene Anderson added 13 more.
On To Los Angeles Prom Denver the netmen continued their westward journey stopping at Los Angeles. The Indiana quintet was also on hand, and the two Hoosier fives gave the Californians the somewhat novel spectacle of a “double double-header.” On December 29 Purdue played Southern California while Indiana met UCLA, and on the next night they switched opponents. The Southern California game proved to be the closest of the series, but the Boilermakers finally won, 49-43. At one time in the last period the score stood 36 to 27 in favor of Southern California, but a short time later it was 47-37 in Purdue’s favor. Trounce UCLA The Boilermakers made up for this close shave the itext night, however, when they took UCLA into camp, 63-39. Sines dropped in 16 points to lead the scoring, while Anderson made 11 and Young 10. The squad stayed over to see the Rose Bow'l game on New Year’s Day. Leaving the coqst after the game, they will arrive back home here this noon at 12:23 o’clock on the Big Four,
WB A A Programs
Today
11:00—^The Dentist Says. 11:16—^The Home Builders. 11:30—Katherine Shearer, contralto. 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—!(juncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ Graefnitz; piano. 12:45—Jo Friend. , 1:00—Joui-nalism Today, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:15—Electrical Shop, Dr. C. P. Harding. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—Metal Shops, Prof. R. W. Lindley. 2:30—Parents Forum. 2:45—^Treasure Chest, John Dietrich. 3:00—^British Isles Talk. 3:16—Melody Moments. 8:46—^The Question Man. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—^Melody Moods. 4:30—Men Behind the Classics. 4:46—^Twilight Melodies,THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tu^ibday, Januony 4, 1938
Romping Robins-
(Continued from page 1)
was made at Fifth and Ferry streets in Lafayette. Bob Deckard, Don Bailey, Rip Manion, Hugh Forster and Chuck Ehinger, the first three named being members of the staff of that night’s Exponent, were as s-^eetly sucked in on a gag as sloe gin is thru a straw. Carload of Robins Deckard was upstairs in the type room as the southbound Monon passenger train pulled into the station at 12:10 a. m. Milt and John, two linotype men who always seem to scent a practical joke at the most embarrassing times, quickly capitalized on their opportunity. Said Milt to John, “Here comes that train with the carload of robins.”
Deckard bit. “What do you mean?”
Milt continued, “Why didn’t you read about that carload of robins that they’re shipping from Chicago to New Orleans? They got frozen in Chicago, so they’re shipping them to the south so they’ll have robins in Chicago next spring. See that baggage car ? That’s why all those men are crowding around it.”
With a dash, Deckard descended the stairs and tore into the main office. “Fellows, I just heard. There is a carload of robins on that train!”
Five Dash Out Door
With paper and pencils in tow, the five chumps bounded out the front door. “It’s too late to make a story for the Exponent tonight shouted Editor Manion.
“Exponent, hell,” yelled Forster. “We’ll send that story into the AP and get some money for it.” Someone shouted, “Let’s see the robins!”
“What the ?'](*?*&?|* do you mean, robins?” queried the baggageman. Linotypers Get Last Laugh Practically falling out the window in their boisterous hilarity were Milt and John, gazing down on thfe innocent dilemma of their Former friends. Our five little boys looked back their utter contempt and disgust. Only the teeming street prevented a verbal outburst of their random thoughts. If our dear (?) editor knew of the composition of this little story, he would promptly jerk it. So if you are reading this, you will know that we sneaked it into the paper. The writers even used a phoney by-line being fearful of the possible consequences if caught in the act.
Exponent Scribe-
(Continued from page 1)
unanimous in their decision that he must remain in Arizona until summer, in order to fully , regain his health. Mrs. Kizer informed us that she was trying her best to persuade him to remain on the desert until summer.
Addresses Football Banquet While in Tucson, Nobe was the principal speaker at the University of Arizona football men’s banquet, at which the Arizona men receive their letters and numerals.
Tucson, with an elevation of over 2,000 feet, is located in the southern part of Arizona, 60 miles from Mexico. The second city in Arizona (permanent population is 32,000), it is noted for its dry climate which is especially beneficial to arthritics and tuberculars. The temperature ranges from 30' to 68 degrees each day in winter months while cacti and palm trees predominate in its scenery.
Winterrowd Offers
$135 Senior Awards
William H. Winterrowd, ME ’07, again is offering two cash prizes to University seniors who during their four years, have assembled the best collections of books. The first prize will be $100 and the second $36.
The contest started several years ago as part of the literary program of the University and Winterrowd offered the prizes to stimulate interest among students in reading and assembling good libraries of their
The awards will be made next spring at the time of the University literary banquet, and the entries made by the various students will be judged by a committee consisting of Dean D. R. G. Dukes, Dr. H. L. Creek and Dr. Frank Hall.
Eastern Society Shows Kohl's Photo Of Fern
Dr. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department of the University, has had accepted recently, a photographic print for exhibition in the International Salon of Photography, sponsored by the Oval Table Society, of New York, as a feature of the Ame^can Fine Arts Society.
The print, which was on display in this national exhibit, was of scientific work, showing a cross section of a fern. Prints for the scien-
tific and also the popular sections
were chosen from among more than 3,000 submitted from all over the world. Fewer than 500 were chosen for the exhibition by a jury of 10 men prominent in the photographic field.
Dr. Kohl, in addition to his teaching in the field of botany, also gives a photographic course which is especially designed for engineers. The course is being given for the first time this semester and enrollment is limited because of limitation of dark'room facilities for the amateur “photogs” to do their own developing and printing.
Schricker Names Five
For Poultry Comimittee
Lieutenant-Governor Henry F. Shricker has named several persons from the University to serve on a committee to plan Indiana’s participation in the World’s Poultry Congress, which will assemble in Cleveland in July, 1939.
Dean J. H. Skinner, C. W. Carrick, T. R. Johnston, William Kohlmeyer, and W. R .Amick are the committee members who have beem selected from Purdue.
Cecil Isbell Does
His Part For East
In Charity Game
Playing in the East-West charity game New Years Day in San Francisco, Cecil Isbell shared the spotlight with Corby Davis ,a fellow Hoosier, when his fine kicking kept the easterners out of danger. The game ended in a scoreless tie.
The ex-Boilermaker star was elected co-captain of the East team along with Alex Wojciechowicz, AllAmerica center from Fordham. Faced with the sorry job of booting many times with his back to the wall, Cec got off a string of beautiful kicks that set the western team back on its heels.
Didn’t Do Much Running Cec did not go anywhere through
the line, but neither did any of the other eastern backs. The East team was kept in its own tenutory except for the first quarter. He did not get a chance to show off some of the open field running that he has been showing the teams in the Big Ten for the past three years.
PIES
MINCE RAISIN
APPLE CHERRY
5c Each — Hof Mince a Specialty
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma^chines, sold, purchased, rented, aiid repaired. Supplies. Multigraph aXid mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT — Attractive room within block of campus. Available now. Phone 51434.
LOST—Black seal zipper purse muff in Union Sunday. Reward. Call 66364.
ROOM^—Now vacant, suitable for either one or two men. Telephone 3465. 634 Rose St.
LOST—^Black suit case Sunday evening. Initials M. L. G. Notify Marguerite Gustafson, 4036.
Notices
Mo Notic«« Accepted Alter 8 p.i
WAA Riflery: Practice for class teams .Tanuary 4. Seniors practice at 7:15 p.m. sophomores at 7:30 ; juniors at 7:45, and freshmen at 8:00. One practice is required of both team members and alternates for participation in’ class tournament. —CHRISTENSON.
WSGA Executive Board — Important meeting at WSGA office on Wednesday, January 6, at 7:15 p. m. —STEWART.
Debris Sales Staff: ImDbrtant meeting January 4 at 4 p. m. in Debris office. —SIEBENTHAL.
Debris Cuts Available To: All fraternities, sororities, organizations, and publications -who want cuts which were used in 1936 and 1987 Debris, call at Debris office in' Union Building before January 10. —EHINGER.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal January 9 at 7 p. m. in FoWler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Sophomore Union Workers: Members of our committees will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. January 4. —GARLAND, MATTHEWS.
Chemical C Removals: Examinations for removal of conditional grades in Chemistry 1 or 2 will be given in room 101, Blducation Building, January 8, 1-4 p. m. All of those who received C’s in Chemistry 1 or 2 prior to the school year of 1987-88 should attempt removal of the C on the above date.
Make application at Room 810, Chemical Building before January 8, 1988. —HASS, McBEE, TEST, ALLEN.
WAA Fencers: Please be present January 6, at 4 o’clock. # —DANIEL.
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin_ match play at once. Purdue meets Illinois {January 16. A first team must be selected by then. —BILLINGS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Members please report to PIA_ office, January 4, at 4 p. m. to assist with' better housing survey. —SCHLUNDT.
Union Sophomores: Will out committees please report to the Union' office Janbary 4 at 4 p. m. —WOOD. CABONARGI.
Faculty-Student Relations Committee: Meeting January 4, at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office. HAMILTON.
PIA Upperclassmep: Those'who will assist with better housing survey please re-
port to PIA office, January 4, at 4 p. m.
—SCHLUNDT.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting .January 6 at 7:16 p. m. in room B in the Union Building. / —RANDALL.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meet in Union at 7 p. m. January 4 to discuss plans for Boilermakers’ Brawl. -FORSTER.
Purdue Student Alliance: Members please report to PIA office, January 4, at 4 p. m. to assist with -faetter housing survey. —SCHLUNDT.
Junior Chemicals: Anji'one interested in entering the Hanley Speech Contest see me or call 7026 before January 10. ^ —JACOBI.
Ceres: Meeting January 4 at 7:30 p. m. in room D of Union. Installation of officers. I —CHENN.
TIME MARCHES ON
Another year passes into history and 1938 takes the center of the stage. Experience is the great teacher in the dry cleaning profession.
For many years we have served the students of Purdue with the newest developments in dry cleaning.
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
1
They’ll kill you
too
^ if you fly
■ stufr what happeiied
And Court
"R to yo^^^^^after reaching
Stewart,
one
r UianNorthwest
Atherton, rcy hands town, partner jailed,
of another rna^^/^htelyblock-
the police to
and even you
. • • . J- T'he
betin this Post this ®^‘r_Wnotto«owitthrou^h
■vveek
to the last w-
otd!
an
J jldventure
H
by
ftOBERl
"**j!"®® ^"0€KKr
.. ..
"SS sate.. ^ fhat drivM ^ last Post th.-: “body izz'z
CAR«ou
PLUS
me is SM or whai i,
be landed a s aad you s when fl,
''Ji
THE STORY OF THE PRESIDENT’S CONFIDENTIAL SECRETARY
Who is this blue-eyed woman who handles the President’s personal affairs and occupies the only office that opens directly into his famous oval study? Read the .story of Marguerite Alice Le Hand, F. D. R.’s confidante and Washington's most important “unknown’* person. h DORIS FLEESON