T,. « Si f. V It^ I -*■;
f n r„
f ^ (1 '> f ^ , , .
s
V
She Purilue TSxpamnt
Read Daily Dy 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUUE XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1937
NUMBER leS
Commons Club Decide To Disband
Local Chapter
Following a Oonference with local and national officers of the American Commons Club, members of the Purdue Commons Club decided to turn in its chapter and close its affairs, it was announced yesterday. Due to decreased membership the last two or three years it has been difficult to meet financial obligations. It was announced that all indebtedness will be paid in full.
Hienton, Venemann Go To French Lick Today
T. E. Hienton, of the agricultural engineering staff of the Experiment Station staff, and Prof. H. G. Vene mann, in charge of refrigeration engineering courses in the Univer sity, will appear on the program of the annual meeting of the American Society of Refrigerating Engi neers at French Lick Springs this morning. Hienton will present information from recent experiments on farm refrigeration and Venemann will lead the discussion on one of ^e papers in this field. Prof. Venemann spent 20 years in the refrigerating industry before joining the Purdue staff.
15th Year
Where’s That Oldl
Oaken Bucket?
Where is that Old Oaken Bucket? After inquiring into all possible sources of information it Vas found that up to last night, the Bucket had not yet been received here at the University. The six months* period during which Indiana was to keep the bucket by virtue of the tie score at the Indiana-Purdue football contest last fall expired May 21.
Anderson. Coach
Killed In Crash;
Net Players Hurt
Merle C. Chambers, football coach at Anderson High School and former Purdue student, was instantly killed in an automobile collision near Bowling Green, Ky., early yesterday. Chambers, who attended school here in 1926, was returning frpm a visit to Georgia Tech at Atlanta, Ga., where he had gone to see about two Anderson basketball players entering school in the fall. Russell Higginbotham and James Hughes, the two netmen, were with Chambers in the car. Hughes sufered a broken arm in the accident but Higginbotham, the driver of the car, was only bruised. Archie Chadd, basketball coach at Anderson, will bring Chambers’ body to Bicknell for burial.
Freshman, Two Co-eds Win Fellowships For Danf orth Summer Camp
Dorothy Bryant, Dorothy Coan, and A. S. Rogers have been annoxmced as winners of the annual Danforth Summer Fellowship, to Camp Miniwanca at Shelby, Mich. The co-ed scholarship offered to junior home economics students includes a two week inspection trip in St. Louis to be followed by a recreational and leadership camp period in Michigan. The interval of four weeks begins July 19. Rogers won his fellowship from other competing freshmen Ags on the basis of physical, mental, social, and religious qualifications.
Zufall Granted Leave
For Graduate Study
Prof. C. J. Zufall, of the pharmacy department, has been granted a year’s leave of absence to complete his graduate study toward a doctor’s degree at the University of Wisconsin. He will leave June 13 with Mrs. Zufall for Madison, Wis. Prof. Zufall has previously spent several summers at the University of Wisconsin.
Delta Chi
Delta Chi fraternity announces the initiation of R. O. Rosebach of Benton Harbor, Mich.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
The first issue of the Summer Session Exponent will appear June 17.
Summer Exponent Subscriptions On Sale At 50 Cents
University news, news of Ross Civil Camp, ROTO* Camp Knox, the Forestry Cam^ at Henryville, and news of the University Policy and Technology Institute will appear in the columns of the Summer Session Exponent. Students attending summer school will publish thia Exponent weekly throughout the session, with two issues per week during the first two weeks of the Institute.
P. B. Woodworth
Dies In Illinois
Dr. Phillip B. Woodworth, 71 years old of Glen Ellyn, 111., formerly president of Rose Polytechnic Institute at Terre Haute, and father of Robert C. Woodworth, assistant publicity director of Purdue University, died yesterday afternoon in a hospital at Lombard, 111., where he underwent an operation last Thursday for an acute Attack of appendicitis. j Woodworth was graduated from Michigan State College in 1886 and obtained professional degrees fropa Cornell University in 1890, lat^ teaching at Michigan State from 1892 to 1899. From 1899 to 1917 he served as professor and then dean of engineering at Lewis Institute in Chicago.
Higher Purchasing Power Would Add
Exam Takers Find Wally Is Blue-Haired Duchess
“Attention, please!” Dr. Present’s clear voice broke the feverish coi^ centration of the Physics 35 finai takers yesterday afternoon. “There is a correction in question 47 dealing with the photoelectric cell.” Students turned pages, found the problem and sat with pencils poised to receive the correction. “With reference to the blue hair a la Wally Simpson—^that should be corrected to Duchess of Wind-
Hisses, groans, boos and cat-calls greeted the announcement. Dr. Present mock-ducked. But the exam worriers had a smile and a buh ment of relaxation before going on with the nightmare.
Child Boru To Former Purdue Graduate
7 Years To Life
New York, N. Y. —(ACP)— If the large numbers of people had higher purchasing power, they could increase their life span at least seven years. That is what Dr. Henry C. Sherman Mitchell, professor of chemistry at Columbia University, told the Academy of Medicine. They would be able to take full advantage of new knowledge in the field of nutrition, he said—^advantage that could aid them in warding off disease as well as senility. Health Better “Undoubtedly the great majority of all people will be benefitted, the general level of the public health will be raised, and the averages of our vital statistics improved at a great many points by the simple taking of a larger proportion of the needed nutritional calories in the form of the protective foods.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Maier of Arlington, announce the birth of a daughter, Linda Ruth at the City Hospital in Rushville. Maier, a vocational agriculture teacher is a University graduate in the school of Agriculture 1933, and a member of Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity. The mother was formerly Miss Mabel Ruth Carroll of Clarksburg.
June 14 Deadline
For Gym Lockers
Gym lockers must be checked in by noon, June 14, according to L. Clevett. All lockers must be cleaned out, and keys and towels returned in order to get the regular one dollar refund. No refunds will be made after June 14.
PINAL EXAM SCHEDULE
The final examination schedule will be found on page 3.
Bud Bryant To
At Mixer
play
7.
Contrary to previous annotiiiee-
ment. Bud Brjrant and his 13-pieea orchestra will play for the mixer to be held in Ijte Memorial Union ballroom this coming Saturday ni^it. featuring Bill Douglas at the piano and Jo Friend, “the vest-pocket Venus of song,” the popular campus band, will bring the season’s regu-
lar mixer dances to a close.
Sophomore E. E* Student Dies
Robert E. Eichrodt, sophomore electrical engineering student from Garden City, N.Y., died at 6:40 Saturday evening at the St. Elizabeth Hospital where he has been a patient since May 31. He was found unconscious on the bathroom floor at his rooming house the A. M. King home, 222 Marstellar street, at 3:45 in the morning of May 31. The immediate cause of his death was announced as uremia. Funeral services were held in Indianapolis at 2 o’clock yesterday afternoon with Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason of the West Lafayette Baptist church officiating.
Trailblaz^r
We Review Year 1936-37 Activities
By H. I. Stanback
Registration —^rush—tragedy — convos—^loyalty and pep meetings—^football, victory and defeat —^no smoking campaign—^birth of a fieldhouse—Military Ball—^Thanksgiving with Union Show but no holiday—trustee dies—^vacation—^finals — registration—Senate rulings — prom elections—“Castles In The Air”—^ROTC carnival — Amelia’s flight and crack-up—Cotillion—^va-cation —Prom—elections—finals — h6me. That’s how the school year 1936-37 unfolded for University students. Elections Campus controversies, open campaigns, rabid electioneering, petition fever, and University ruling changes came to life in headlines and died away in memories. Fiftyfive hxmdred students spent the last nine months here, beginning or continuing their search for education. Headlines in the first 22 page issue of the Exponent published on September 12, the first day of registration read: “New Record Expected In Enrollment; 2400 Frosh Will Register,” and ROTC To Have Four Regiments,” Plainly everything was going to be on a larger scale. Players Killed That same day news of a tragedy rocked the campus. Explosion of gasoline at Ross Camp, where the football players were in fall practice injured six players. Carl Dahlbeck, varsity guard, succumbed to severe bums the following day. After a valiant fight for life'Tommy McGannon, junior halfback, died September 17. Sports editors, coaches, and other notables spoke at a Loyalty pep meeting on the 24th, while 4,500 students and townspeople cheered and showed loyalty to their team, in face of the disastrous explosion., Purdue, 47; Ohio U., 0 First football blood was drawn by the Boilermakers on Cord Day, the 26th, when Ohio University took it on the chin 47-0. Gala day for seniors was this first grid battle, and they blossomed forth in the traditional cords and derbies. Opening the University convo-
cation season the Fiske Jubilee Singers appeared in the Memorial Gymnasium on October 15. Signs of a dream coming true appeared on the campus the morning of Homecoming when the news broke that a PWA grant had been approved making possible Purdue’s new $716,000 Fieldhouse. More good news came when Kizer’s varsity made it a perfect Homecoming by defeating Wisconsin 3514. The Kappa Sigs and their ingenious “badger thrasher” copped the decoration prize. Then for a week there was a lull in the life of the campus; students were busy preparing for the last Chicago game week-end. Mauling Chicago 36-7 was rather a minor item of the holiday. In'the meanwhile 3,000 amusement-starved fans “did” Chicago. Those Gophers Travelling 600 miles to defeat, the Boilermakers took it on the chin for the first time in Minnesota. The Gophers shut out the boiler making boys 33-0. “No smoking on the campus!” came the cry. Thirteen activity groups held a mass meeting in Fowler Hall October 28 and pledged themselves to support and conduct a drive to eliminatq^all smoking on the campus. Last of October news broke when Purdue barely nosed out Carnegie Tech 7-6. A touchdown by Ippolito in the final quarter, and the decisive extra point by “Cec” Isbell turned the trick for the Kizermen.
Week-end headlines November 6 and 7 were split between the Military Ball, with Bill Hogan and orchestra doing the honors, and the Fordham grid battle. When the final score come over the wires the campus discovered that its team had lost 16-0.
Dad’s Day, November 21, saw one of the most thrilling football contests ever staged at Ross-Ade Stadium. Traditional Bucket rivals, Indiana ^nd Purdue, finished the battle tied at 20-20 Approximately 2000 University dads attended the game and other events on the weekend program. Several days later Marty Schreyer, junior tackle, was
elected captain of the 1937 football squad. New Faculty Ruling Starting off December with a ba^g, the faculty changed the probation ruling. Th^ new ruling shorter! d by one semester the leeway allowed flunking students. Delinquents could now go on probation at the end of. their second semester in school, and could be dropped at the end of their third semester. December 7 officially opened the basketball season. The Boilermaker netmen defeated Western State 67-32. In the three months of basketball that followed the Lambertmen played 19 games, winning 14 while losing 6. Four of the five losses were conference games, and Purdue ended up fourth in the Big Ten race. In the meanwhile, however, Jewell Young, flashy forward, amassed 172 points to capture the all-time conference scoring record. Virginia C. Meredith, only woman trustee of the University, died of a heart attack December 10. Her death left a vacancy on the Board of Trustees which was later filled by the appointment of Dr. Kathryn McHale.
With a “beard-tester,” a “suckmachine,” a “thermo-couple couch,” pie-eaters and many other features, the Riverters’ Rassle Went highbrow this year. Bud Bryant and Johnny Ammerman’s campus bands furnished the music.
On that same day the Student Senate held a special meeting, and after a 90-minute discussion, open campaigning was legalized for the popular campus elections. The ruling was made, however, with the understanding that the Senate was to control money expenditures. Ohio Flood
The campus then took time out for finals; very little of importance was happening here at the University, but the attention of the world and of the Exponent was turned to to the disastrous Ohio river flood. Finals began January 20, and the first semester finally, ended on the 29th. The traditional bugaboo of registration consumed two days, February 2 and 3; on the 4th, second
semester classes got under way. John W. Wheeler was oppointed to the University board of trustees that week to replace J. L. Kimbrough, who resigned because of illness. Wheeler is a graduate of civil engineering, and was formerly president of the P. A. A. The Student Senate got together again February 17 and by an 18-13 vote legalized wide-open campaigning for all student popular elections. This time all money restrictions were lifted. “Naturals” vs. “Seven Aces” First campus elections of the spring came February 26 when the juniors elected a straight “Natural” ticket to Prom and Gala Week committees. Newly legalized campaigning was practiced extensively, and for the first time two organized and publicized parties had candidates in the running—^the “Naturals” and “The Seven Aces.” Climaxing their activities for the year the Student Union gave two performances of their student directed and student cast show, “Castles In The Air,” March 13. First appointments of new publication staffs for next year came March 16 when the Purdue Independent staff was chosen, with D. M. Meacham as editor. Amelia Takes Off Two big events crowded the headlines March 17, when Amelia Earhart took off in her “flying laboratory” for a “27,000 mile round the world flight, and the University ROTC staged its biennial Military Carnival. On March 20, Amelia abrqptly ended her flight by cracking up her plane while taking off from Honolulu. * More elections wer^ in the news Maixh 26 when three co-ed groups elected officers. YWCA, WAA« and WSGA officers were elected at popiflar elections held in the Union. Social activities were cliniaxed on April 16 when Don Bestor and his orchestra played for th(^ 1938 Junior Promenade. Over 700 junior and senior couples attended the dance. His majesty. Tommy Graham, chairman of the prom committee, and Her Grace, Judith Jones prom queen, lead the grand march.
Prom afternoon the Purdue Engineer electoral board met, electing D. D. Baals editor and appointing an entire new staff for 1937-38. On April 21 the Agriculturist board followed suit, electing T. K. Parkison editor. Peace Demonstration Striking for world peace, several campus groups sponsored an all day program on the 22nd, with a special meeting in Fowler Hall, as part of a national student peace demonstration. " Purdue independents held an election April 23 and chose R. H. Schlundt, junior electrical engineer as president of their PIA. The PIA newspaper since that time has enlarged the size of its .pages and plans to operate on a larger scale next year. Gala Week Begins April 30 Gala Week began, earlier than ever before this year. Larry Downs, University alumnus and president of the I. C. C. railroad, laid the cornerstone of Purdue’s new fieldhouse on May 1 after an hour of speeches and ceremony. As a matter of fact he laid it twice, for the first time he did it so quickly that the photographers gathered around the cornerstone were caught fiatfooted and missed getting tha pictures. Tribute for 16 years of service to the University was paid to Pres. Edward G. Elliott that Saturday night at a banquet in the Memorial Union Huilding, when alumni presented him with a Packard sedan. Sporting 1500 tiny colored lamps flashed on and off from a piano keyboard, the Purdue Military Band, with “Spots” Emrick at the helm performed in Hie Derby Day parade at Louisville, Ky., May 6. Having won the grand prize two years in a row, they missed getting it this year. Paul Manion, Jack Brock, and Dave Miller took over the Expement May 11 after surprise elections held the day before. Dan Rohyans was elected president of the Student Senate that night. National Inspection Lt. Col. Carlos Brewer staged his last Pnrdue review May 12 when, Army officers came here for the an-
nual National Inspection and banquet. Putting one over on campus politicians and assuring themselv^ of a fair election, the Student Union board met May 15 to approve vicepresidential nominations, and then at the suggestion of Director L. M. Vallely elected the vice-presidents. That same Saturday the local sored the first University Newschapter of Sigma Delta Chi sponpaper Day, at which journalists from all over the state spoke. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, was awarded the SDK leather medal, griven annually to the person contributing most to the University. Union Electiim Tom Sheets, Louis Putze, and Ward Stallings were elected to the senior Student Union jobs May 18. Stallings was given a new job, that of activities chairman. Three major campus elections fell on Thursday, May 20, and the Exponent carried two streamers: “C. D. Ehinger To Edit 1938 Delnris” and “SAA Members Elect Bailey, Wellbrock, Swan, And Dilts.” While a record number of voters were at the SAA polls, the Debris electoral board met to choose Ehinger editor, Siebenthal business manager, and Light co-ed editor. That night the fraternity presidents council also elected officers, choosing prom leader Tommy Graham as president. William Allen White,' versatile Emporia, Kan., editor delivered the main address at the aimual loterary Banquet, held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building May 2^ Literary prizes and cups .were given at the banquet. May 24, Reamer Club, athleth: booster honorary for tmorganixe^ men elected M. H. Ross president^ whUe Gimlet Club, a similar oxgaaization for organized men elected officers on the 27th. They eheeb Glenn Brown as prexy. Lands In Africn i Several days ago Ameha Er4> hart started out again in her prelected round the world flight; lateet reports showed she was in Senegal, South Aftica. Now the end is in sight—flnal»-4> , qomm^ncein^— ???—summer school?Vsny
ii J.«' ' J,
yatfe Two
THE ptmHtJB e::^ohent
' ' ‘ ' '■ ^^ ‘ X* ' id ' X' ■'ij* ' "'’* '”"' ,'k'* t ' &
* 'I
S t
' "
$ttrbue exponent
vwuiOcd In ion
nsniwMNTiD ron NntioHAk nnvBiiTiniNn nr National Advertising Service, Inc. C»U»u PmUlMktn XfPivtrMtathf 420 Madihon Avb. New York. N. Y. CMiCAno • aonroN • ban Francisco LOS ANULRS - FOlmAND - SCATTLS
TH *in «3 tr^ gteaeritttcA getttgiatt
■aterad ns awettd class matter at the post office, Lafajrett*, Indiana —« itjBjmr acar; deHtcred hr carrier, $2.60 it^teMriBgld b^.singlejigE;;tJjecn^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue UniTersity
BnataMBS Phone SOSO
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone S087
EDITORIAL STAFF
^
■" D. a1 Bailey. L. S, Hardin, C. D. Schre^er.
Bold and Black Editor ....
H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vahee Bcih McCool
BUSINESS STAFF „ ^
J. P. Girard
W. J. GiUUan
... R. R. Hensler
■ .M. C. Reeves
SPORTS STAFF u «
ABBociate Sditora
J- H. Brown, B. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor
Associate Editors..
WOMEN’S STAFF , „ „ , „ Elizabeth Pylce ....Ma^ Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—J. W. Richey.
R. W. Eichrodt Yesterday friends and relatives paid their last respects to Robert W. Eichrodt. We of the Exponent knew “Ike’ ’through his work on the paper during his freshman year at Purdue and during the first part of last semester. We shall miss him as a friend of the paper and as a personal friend. The Exponent extends its sincere sympathy to Robert’s parents, his brother, and his sister.
Ten Per Cent Increase In Student Expenses Next Fall
As students are leaving the University for the summer not a few of them are wondering how and whether they will be able to earn enough money during the summer to enable them to return to school next September. Prospects for jobs are better this summer than for several years and wages are higher. Living expenses also are on the upgrade, however, and those students who come back in the fall will find the costs involved in getting an education at Purdue increased roughly by 10 per cent. A recreational fee, amounting to five dollars a semester and chargeable to all students, will bring the minimum semester fee assessment to $51. This ten dollars for the year will admit the student to all athletic events and will provide locker and towel service in the new Field House, which according to contract is to be completed by November 17. Landlady members of the Homeowner’s Association have set a minimum of $10 per student for double rooms and $15 for single rooms. There was no established minimum during the past two semester, but some double rooms rented for $8, while very few single rooms brought in $15. Meals at boarding houses are slated for a corresponding boost in price. The Homeowners have decided on $5.50 for six days’ boari leaving the students to eat elsewhere on Sundays. This year’s standard price was $5.50 for the full week. Not all proprietors of student rooming and boarding houses are members of this association, but these prices give a fair estimate of next year’s living expenses. A few rooms will likely be available at $8 per month, and board may be obtainable at $4.50 and $5 weekly, depending on the number of meals eaten. Fraternities and sororities wiU find it necessary to increase house bills to meet the higher commissary and labor expenses. The Greek organizations will not have to bear increased rentals, however, as will independent students. Although NYA work is not a certainty for next year, the present bill before Congress has passed one house and will probably get through the other. The University is going right ahead with plans in expectation of the federal aid for students. The number of student benefitting from NYA jobs, however, may not reach the 750 mark of this year, as the amount of money allowed for each student is expected to be increased. Despite higher expenses, another record-breaking enrollment is entirely possible next fall. Even with an equal number of freshmen registering, next September’s registration will exceed the 1936 mark.
Co-Ec|fts
“When in Rome do as the Romans do.” This old saying may savor too much of imitation, but where customs and manners are involved it is a good slogan to follow. When a freshman arrives at the University he frequently finds that his customs and manners have to be modified. In most cases the accommodation is made in a sfiort period and few realize that it has been made. When the change is not made a person’s associate’s say that she is queer. , Soon it will be time to go home, to leave the sorority house and the Residence Hall. In these residences manners have been adjusted to fill the need of l^rge groups. At home the family is a smaller group and manners and customs are modified. This adjustment must be made. Among your old friends don’t show off what you have learned. Remember that these friends have seen you with peanut butter disfiguring your left cheek and at other embarrassing moments. When you affect sophistication or wisdom these incidents will be recalled and held against you. When you arrive home don’t bore your'friends with either the “slowness” or the “fastness” of campus life. In either case it will hurt you, not them. Leave your Purdue cloak here; don the usual one when you get home. It will simplify everything. Good manners are the rule the world over, but customs and surroundings modify them. Don’t use these modifications in the wrong place. F. S. McKEE.
KEYS
Keys for Tmnlis, door locks. Desk locks, Nigrht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and Handle locks a specialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St,
Ag Students
MAKE MONEY this summer taking subscriptions to Poultry Tribune, a monthly poultry magazine backed by a real service-to-reader program. The only poultry paper that operates its own experimental farm. Every farmer is a prospect. Five years for $1.00. Liberal cash commission. No investment required, no contracts to sign. You can work it full time or part time. Write at once and state previous subscription experience, if any. Also mention your school.
POULTRY TRIBUNE Mount Morris, 111.
MIDNITE SHOW Thurs.—Fri. 11:30
Wisconsin Senior Wins Conference Award For Scholarship, Athletics Leonard Louis Lovshin, of Chisholm, Minnesota, University of Wisconsin senior, has been awarded the conference medal for excellence in scholarship and athletics, it was announced recently by the selecting committee. This is the highest honor an athlete can win at Wisconsin, but it is not the only one that Lavshin received. He held the Harlan B, Rogers scholarship last year and was given honorable mention this
year in the Kenneth Sterling Day and Theodore Herfurth awards, that are based upon similar standards. Last year he was president of the campus “W” club. Regular On Grid Squad Lavshin won a regular position at end on the football team in his sophomore year, 1933; he repeated in 1935 and 1936, and was a letter man in track—in the hurdled and weight events—in 1934. In his junior year, 1934-1935, Lavshin was handicapped by an illness which confined him to an infirmary bed for many weeks.
NEW MAIN
STANDINGS
—^National LeagueWon Lost Pet. New York 28 17 ’ .622 Chicago 26 18 .591 Pittsburgh 24 17 .585 St. Louis 22 19 .537 Brooklyn 19 21 .475 Boston 18 22 .450 Philadelphia 16 26 _ .381 Cincinnati 14 27 .341 Yesterday’s Results Brooklyn, 5; Cincinnati, 4. New York, 5; Pittsburgh, 2. —American League— Won Lost PcL New York 25 16 .610 Cleveland 23 16 .590 Chicago 24 17 .586 Detroit ........ 24 20 .546 Boston 18 18 ,600 Washington 19 24 .442 Philadelphia 16 23 .4J9 St. Louis 13 28 .317 Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 12; Philadelphia, 6. Cleveland, 17; Washington, 5. Detroit, 4; New York, 3. St. Louis, 9; Boston, 6.
• Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies lOS Vine St. West Lafayette
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Roger Pryor Sydney Blackmer
“Missing Girls” —and— ‘Code of the Range”
Thursday — Friday — Saturday Ralph Bellamy Mae Clark in “Wild Brian Kent’ —^plns— Tim McCoy
‘Border Caballero”
LAST CHAPTER ‘Undersea Kingdom”
FIRST CHAPTER ‘Vigilantes Are Coming’
A Panumiwt Plotun witli CHARLIE RUGGLES ; Eleanore Whitney • Johnliy Downs • Kenny Baker JW Hanrtf and IDs (kcheitra
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
T’m leavin’ my wife, but I’m breakin’ the news gently—^I ain’t been home in a month.”
TODAY — WEDNESDAY /T
AND
A three time loser at law, WINS AT LOVEfe; X;;;
f’—EXTRA— Mickey Mouse
ARE YOU GETTING Al^ EXPONENT?
Cool For Your Comfort
MaiII
Now Showing Double Feature
Here she is! Joan Fontaine, New Girlof
Your Dreams.
dZ^^MANWHO Found HiMiEif
raiLiF HUSVON
CAMPUS TO BE COVERED
by special reporters on the Summer I Camp, and the institiit^, will be 1 scriptions may l>e obtained^ from the Session EXPONENT staff. Every- written in a better style for the «« ♦u.. thing of importance,! induing gos- regular aiae summer paper. All ot s» or the etaf 8i|i, 8ociiety> sports, nows stonies, this, pips more, mailed to you any- Uiembers. Subscribe now and get Civil Camp, 9^nip Enox, Forestry {where ii^ the U. S. fftr 50 cents. Sub- | the first issuo, June 17.
^urhue exponent
For The
SUMER SESSION? ‘' I
pop
w.
f'^ \
yuesiflay, Jttne 8,1657
'WE FORDtJE EEFOI4ENT
w
’T'" V"?"
—
ORCHIDS to the Union for the swell mixer Saturday night ... it givies us something te remember ’til next year . . RED kORVO artd MILDRED BAILEY were swell . .
JACK GOOEY only got a P m HEAT . . . . !his Prof, sure must hot know JACK very well .^. . So sorry, JACK . . .
clock
Employer — Are you
watchef?' >>
P. U. Grdd (applying for a job) —No, I don’t like inside work, I’m a whistle listener.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castinga
McGrath
Machine & Foundry Soath Third Street
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
, la the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
The thlnUmr (eltow celle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Meek Can for Special OccaMena Uc per paaienser aap part a( the cl^ itU PHONES >071 YELLOW CAB CO.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
ANN DAUGHERTY and DAVE WILLIAMS have decided to end it ail and get married • • The happy occurrence will take place on Thursday . . . Congratulations and felicitations . . .
Father of First Grad—Do yon
think your son will forget everyt^ipg he has learned in college? Father of Second Grad—I hope so. He can’t very well make a living necking!
I want to take a little space right about here and dedicate it to our SENIOR CLASS . . . They’re sure swell people and we’ll miss them next year . . . Won’t have anyone to wr:(te about . . .
Preacher—Young man, don’t you know that drink will ruin yOur
stomach?
Inehr^te—Oh, thash all right. It
won’t show with my coat .on.
SENT IN: MALONEY— You sure are playing one big fish to a certain Alpha Chi. " A VERY DEAR FRIEND These Alpha Chis certainly follow in each other’s footsteps . .
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflBce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
IThe Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. USE DK. B4BOLD i. BISK OB. BOpBBT G. BISK ^ OB. I.UTHBB A. BIBB 400 Sehulta Rldg. Phone 0701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Domer*s Flower Shop
Otuality Flowers
Main at W
Phono 0050
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Well, goodbye and good luck ’til next year ... and have fun ...
Next year we’ll have more MARS PASSES to pass out. . .
NOTICES No Natiees Accepted After $ p. j
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the JPJii Gamma Delta house. I —BAKER
N. Y. A. WorkersL-N Y A checks for the period ending May 16 are now availabte in the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE
Sknll and Crescent—Sophomores who ordered keys get them at the Sigma Fhi Epsilon House. Others may order at any time before June 8 —HARDIN.
Commencement Tickets—Those who have asked for iextra commencement tickets get them at the Union desk. —OHAVER.
Resdstration Workers—Students who wish to work for the registrar during September registration should file application at the registrar’s office before leaving town —STONE.
Chemical Engineers — Sophomore and junior chemical engineers who expect to register in the fall must report to room 101 in Heavilon Hall and mttke out schedules ' —BRAY.
Junior Chemicals—^The following, who have not yet made out schedules fdr nekt semester are expected to do ^0 inimediately H. W. Anderson, Barrett, Baugh, Borton, Coe, Egli, Engleton, Favorite, Goodman Greiner, Grubb Haldane, Hockman, Jehkins, Jones, Kdppler, KriegbaUm, MCDonall, Martin, Masanz, Metz, Oberle, Paullus, Pforzheimer, Phillips, Prien, Rassner, Reveal, Schenk, Scholle, Shafer, Shonkwiler, Steinfeldt, Taylor, Thiel, Wantland, Ward, Wiegandt, and Wren —MILLER
Advanced Military Students—Travel orders for all juniors and seniors attending ROTC Camp this summer are in their boxes Remove them at once and take them to camp —HAYPORD
W. S G. A Mentors—Girls chosen to be mentors will be notified personally during the week ending June 13 —HUBER.
Flying Club—Anyone desiring to attend the aviation conevention banquet June 9 should call L I Aretz All class A members make payments and arrange with Dostal for monthly payments during the summer Any cross country flight arrangements must be made with Tucker —McCRACKIN
Concert Choir—Keys at office —PHILLIPS
W. S. G. A Executice Board—^Meeting on May 10 at 10 a m in W S G A office —STEWART
Alpha Chi Omega—Keys available at room 327 in Fowler Hotel between 7 and 9pm —KREISER.
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Conforming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association.
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
Our Advice to Graduates
As you go out into the world to start a career, it is our sincere wish that you achieve success .... By alt means, be careful of your personal appearance, see that your clothes are cleaned and pressed regularly.
Crown Laundry
riNE cleaners of fine clothes
, 1 Tlnr««
I f
T1
1 HIS SPACE
will carry items of interest to all students, faculty, and prospective students in the Summer Session EXPONENT. , Subscribe for the regular sized paper at the UNION DESK, DEACfe or from STAFF MEMBERS wr only 50 cents for the entire summer session. KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YOUR ALMA MATER.
®l)e
^iirtiue exponent J For The
SUMMER SESSION
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—adding MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Wanted—^Available for men who will be looking for living quarters in Detroit, Mich , after graduation; room in private family. If interested call at 323 King avenue, Detroit, Mich. Telephone Trinity 2-0908.
Summer Guest Accommodations —Paying guests in private home on Lake Charlevoix, Mich. Enjoy the comfort and beauty of a northern resort without intruding upon friends or renting a cottage. Boating, bathing, fishing. Modern conveniences. Reasonable rates by the week or day. Details on request. Address the Misses Latta, 1016 First street, W. Lafayette.
Available For Men—Who will he looking for living quarters in Detroit, Mich., after graduation; room in private family. If interested call at 323 King avenue, Detroit, Mich. Telephone Trinity 2-0908.
Wanted—Summer School residents desiring rooms at Varsity Apartments. Rates $10 per month. Call 4097. Ask for Reeves or Bischetsrieder.
Summer Students i— Room and board. 6 Walciron. Phone 2671.
Found—^Watch on campus. Call P. Hartman, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Phone 8075.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding apd NtBw Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes aii4 Roller Skates for ^ent Photra 2291 Stete A Ifoin Sta., W. L.
^^UDDEN Device
d;
INTIN G
oeiw
B VbiMhff feiiMfeat B B)90I|I^ Ibtee as
PHOI4E , 6 2 8 CASSEL'S dotnsi^
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
llBVt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"DEAC” HAS EVERY’THING fer a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ROSES, reg. 75e 3 yr. old 29c each
Grass Seed, 39c lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers.
J. SPERB HDW.
822 Main
GOODBYE To The Seniors—
We wish you all successful careers in your chosen vocalSons.
To The Underclassmen— We hope you will be back next year with a full determination to go forward to higher places.
Dad’s Place
So Handy
HAYWOOD’S
\
Retail Department, Fifth and Ferry St. . . . Lafayette, Ind.
2ND SEMESTER FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULES
Period 16 TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom OE 41 411 1 a I Efer.=rjiaviS la
Phar 35 All * Phys le All Phy8202 PI4 1^ A,B .CE 301,308 Period 17
WR^^RSRAy, JUNE 9, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AH 1 A,B * AH 7 O. Agl04 AM 1 A3sI>,U ME 108 Ee 11 XD- SC 211 Ed 50 B Ed 101 Engl 10 B Ed 201 Engl 14 D,1P- * (18 „„ . I ^—: Z. I i >1
Math 3 E,XE * Math 11 B,XB * ML 64 A IIZIIIIIIIIIII* Phar 17 All * PM 16 C,D,E OE 304,808 1$ WEDNE^^Y. JUNE 9,1-4 P. M. Course Divisfons Boom C® 62 All * BE 4 AWr JEE129 ^gl 5 AB SC211 Engl 10 C- Ed 208 Engl 14 G UnivSlO Engl 14 H.J UnlvlOl ' I 4D, JMffil®
MB 70 B.C- MB 207 MM 18 AU ^Pharlpa^ Phys 2i'ziz^z:::zziziziSys2(® Period 19 THURSDAY, JRNR 10, 8-lt A M. Agron 133 -All .U* AH^25 ^103,n&^m i£gi 1 r.“.iiZK¥--zrzziiizi^ Si Engl 6 0,D,XD Engl 23 All * Hurt 14 All ^ Math 1 G,H. Math 2 W-Z,XV, AA.AB. * Math 3 P,XP Math 4 —,-.I,J P J Period 7M TRURSRAY* JUNE If. 1-4 P, Sf.
RtNHn
Course Divisions B 47 AU Chem 1 P.G,H. Chein 2a AU OE 80 --AU Engl 34 -L-DP. Ml 31 <^TPEW 60 AU
Period 21
FRIDAY, JUNE 11, 8-l| A a Course Divisiims EnglB AU .Riiiy2M Hort2 AU
EXAMINA'nONS TO BE YM/irfeu YhlMbi ~ ~ Wtllt IHSPi Ed 171” ' In i mao. Ilf
P:' f
-A , r ' t . ''f
j:-
►
^V.'-rri A, ,,.;
TO THE GRADUATES
OF
PURDUE UNIVERSITY
':‘vv'
N..;
I^SV'-V
Weve watched your progress through the hcdls of education. We sow many of you pass our stores on your way to and from classes. We've see you grow up—and now that you re about to graduate we can't help feeling a pride in you and your accomplishment. The world is yours—and you'll find it a rather grand world, all things co^idered. As you embark on your future career we wont you to feel that we ore your friends, ready to offer you counsel or aid whenever possible. We Uke to feel that w^'ve had a port in your advancement, and we want to do an3dhing in our power to moke that forward march of yours a continuous process.
i