,1 -V i
Wdr Council To Sponsor Sunday Concerts
' ' ''' '''’*J^-#i , * .>
Riveter Mefmeit Tangle With llllnr Tonight
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 120
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February 17, 19^
RIVETER RETTERS WIN OVER RADRERS, 4044
Polk, Sprowl, Blanken Lead In Last Home Tilt
Johnny Long To Play For Cotillion
mSHIIKTOK MERRY-00-ROUNI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Australians, Adm. King Force United Nations To Defend Singapore WASHINGTON, Feb. IG. — K is now poK.sible to reveal some of the inside diplomatic discussions regarding' the defense of Singapore, j They ti'anspired during the visit of Win.stori Churchill to Washington after Pearl Harbor. While he was in Washington, Foreign Minister Anthony Eden was in Moscow; and the Biitish and Russians had worked out a policy for concentrating' on the Russian and Mediterranean fronts. This policy, incidentally, wa.s almo.st identical with that expressed
SkuU And Crescent Honorary Will Hold Dance February 27
By S. B. Wolf
Johnny Long and his orchestra, currently popular eastern band, will play for the Sophomore Cotillion on Friday, Feb. 27, it was announced yesterday by Skull and Crescent, sponsor of the dance. Long and his band will come here directly from a one-week stand at the Chicago Theatre in Chicago. Organized as a campus band at Duke University during Long’s freshman year in 1931, the 'band has risen to its po- ———— sition as one of the fastest
moving bands in the nation’s eye today. Its current popularity started in 1940, when it played three weeks at the Roseland Ballroom in New York. Next came an engagement at the Hotel Now Yoikei, where he Ktrctchcd a throe-week booking to a five-month_stand. An engagement followed at the Paramount Theatre in New York. Now on a nationwide torn. Long' will return to the
New Yorker early thi.s spring. Eight Original Members
The hand featiirc.s l.'l ipfisieians, eight of whom wcie with the original 11-piece band at Duke. Helen Young, blond songstress, and Bob Hou.ston handle the vocals for the orchestra. Outstanding feature of the orchestra is Long himself, playing- a left-handed violin. Primarily swept in style,- the band has also
Meikle Announces Increase In Spring CPT Course Quota G. Stanley Meikle, head of the Purdue Research Foundation and director of research relations with industry for the University, recently received word from Washington that students in advanced military, engineeiing and science who are being deferred to (iiiish thi'ir training in the interest of national defense, arc eligible to take the Civilian Pilot Training progiam offer-
ed by the University.
No Affidavit
A student desiring to take the course under the new conditions may
in the .speech of Secretary Knox, namely that Hitler was our chief j enemy. The only trouble with fCnox was that appareiitlj he did not know that meanwhile the policy had been changed—or at least was supposed to have been changed. Here’s the inside stoiy: Only a few days after Ghiirchill ariived, the Austrailians got word that the Far Eastern front was to be saciificed, and almost tore the British Empire
apart.
Churchill was arguing that it was going to be impossible to defend Singapore and the nutch East Indies; that the Pacific was a tremendous ocean; that the .la))- ' an€se could rattle round in it for a long time; that it was much wiser to defeat the German Army on the Russian front and in the Mediterranean area. He contended that once tlie German Army was crushed it would be a simple matter to clean up on .lapan. • Admiral King Objects However, Chin chill i tin into trou-
l)le immediately from Adnnial Ei-
nest King, forthiight new command- building. or of the U. S. Fleet. King objected
vigorously, said that Dutch oil, rublier, tin would keep .Tapan lighting for years; waineil that Japan could then put the squeo'/.o on India, while Hitler squeezed the Biitish Middle East from the Syi ian-Turkish end.
King also rclcrrcd in critical, iilmost scathing terms, to the Lib-
(Gontinued on page 2)
do so without signing the customary made many successful swing and
affidavit, but may submit in stead a letter from his department head stating that “the flight and ground school conises of the CPT will bo beneficial to the applicant’s training in the interest of national defense.”
novelty records for Decca. Tickets, pi iced at .$1.G6, will go
on sale Wednesday morning at 8 a.m. in the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Sophomoies may buy tickets on Wednesday and
Phil johnson, Gimlef Club President-, (on the left) shakes hands with Piggy Lambert as the latter holds the watch which the students presented 1o him. "Piggy Lambert Night" marked the mentor's Silver Anniversary al the helm of Boilermaker basket-
ball.
Camera Club Offers War Couiid! To Start
instruction in Bask
This ruling applies for enrollment Thursday, seniors and juniors on
Fiiday and Saturday, and all other students on the following Monday. Pa-ssports must be shown to purchase tickets, and must be presented at the door to gain admission to
the dance.
State Nurserymen To Hold Conference Today, Tomorrow Indiana nuiserymen will meet at
in the 1942 Spiing Program, and the cour.se still retains the same requirements for proper age, physical and
educational qualifications.
Quota Increase
The spring quota has been increased to 40. With this larger group Di. E. Lowell Kelly and his associates hope to have more accurate and fool-proof ways of studying their methods of ])ilot selection and training. Kelly’s woilc in this field has been sponsored by the Purdue Research Foundation, the National Research Council and the Civil Aeronautics Administration.
Photographic Work Students may register tonight at 7:10 in loom 002 of t!ie Union (oi a fundamental course of mstruetjon m the use of the cameia. The course, sponsored by the Camera Club, will start with the fundamental in inci))lcs of photogra)3hy and will indiide u])-to-date methods now in u-,!. Three Lahoiatoiy pciiods and five lecture jicriods ai e scheduled for the course. At ihe lec Un cs cxiiomu e, development and luinting- methods will ho discussed by iii'acLu'ing photographeis and some of the ad-
Hew Concert Series;
All those students falling in the the Union Building. Topics foi dis above classification who are being cussion will be the production of deleired and who desire to enioll quality plant materials, improving in the spiing course should file ap- planting and maintenance service, jilication injDirector Meiklo’s office high standards in business practice.
a conference today and tomoiio\v l^tts^-anced memhcis of the (!uh. ’fhe
Student War Council is sponsoring a new series of Sunday afternoon concerts, to be known as the “Sunday Music Hall Series.” The first conceit in the series mil be |)rescnted at 2 p m. Sunday m the
Music Hall.
'the piogiam Siuid.iy will feature Bomar Cramer, Indianapolis pianist. Crainei letently gave a conceit, at Ball Slate Teacheis College. The senes will feature both professional outsid.e peifoimeis and lo-
fiill facilities of the Camera Cliih's «>l musical talent, and will he open
on the third floor of the Executive
propagation and other nnrseiy management.
phases of
model nized daik looms mil he available lor hiboiatoiy woi k. Mmiibei's ot the Camera Cluli w 'll act as
lahoiatoiy assistants.
The program incUules light-seii-.'^itive films, expos me oi film, lahor-
Theie will be several out-of-state y on exposure, process-
Exponenf' Board
There will be a meeling of faculty and .senior members of the Exponent hoard Wednesday, February 18, at 7:15 p. m. in the Exponent office in the Union.
—Ochiltree
speakers, including Dr. Chas. C Compton of the Illinois State Natural Survey Division, and John D. Siobenthalor, nursci-yman of Day-
ton, 0.
Speakers from the Univeu-sity agronomy depaitment ai c Dr. G. D. Scarseth and George Engield, who will discuss soils and soil fertility.
National Athletic Honorary To Hold Membership Tryouts This Week
By Ted Clark CEditoi'b Not( : Thib is the fust in n sciioH oi lutiolcK cxpKiIrnnj.*- the i unctions ot Su?mn Delta Psi national athletic lion-
oiaiy )
/
The work of Sigma Delta Psi, ua-
tosts must he passed.
Accoiding to Hansen, any man that is physically fit and normally peisisteiit can become a member of Sigma Delta Psi. Hansen also w'ishes
tional athletic achievement oigaii- emphasize that the oiganization
ization, is paitieiilarly iiiiportant now because of the emphasis being-
placed on physical fitness. The ])urpose is to piomote the physical, mental and moial develoimieni of college students. Events .And (iualificalioiis In ordei to liecome a menihei. of fhe Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta P.si, one must jiass seven of the 14 tc.sts of physical skill, vaiymg from acrobatics and sw'imming to track and field events and feals of
slrength.
is not an honoraiy in the ordinary sense of tlie w'ord, foi the “P” Men’s club is the Pui duo athletic honorai y. Fraternity men receive two participation points for local nionihership. No financial obligation is necessaiy liut all meiiihers receive an attractive key aftei passing all 14
tests.
Tryouls This Week Tryouts are held in the Fioldhouse every afternoon from 4 to G and under the guidance of Bill Knowles
Chuck Hanson, president of the and Wellman Fiance in PE 12 chapter, announces that a certificate classes. Don Phillips and Howie
is now awaided for national memlK‘i'shii). In-order to get thi.s certificate, which makes one a ineiiilier of the national organization, all 14
Wilkenmg officiate in the afternoon
tests.
Below aie listed tlie events and the necei^ary qualifications;
Indoor Events 100 yard swim—1 min,, 45 sec, Front hand spring, land on feet. Hand stand—10 sec. Fence vault—chin high. 20 foot lope climb—12 see. Good Posture Standard B (II. B. M.) Scholai shin. Eligible' for Vai'sify Comiietition.
1/
Outdoor Evonfs 100 yard dasli—U :!/5 see. 120 yard low' hurdles—-10 sec. Running high jump—5 feet. Running broad jump—17 feet. IG lbs. shot |nit—^30 feet. Baseball throw' or javelin throw'— 130 foot. Football punt—120 feoL 1 mile run—0 min. Men W'ho jiass seven of the above events are automatically metubers of the Purdue Chapter. Read the handbook for information regaiding National Chapter memhership.
ing and negative, lahoiatoi-.s jici lod on film development, piinfiiig and enlarging and a lalioiatory jiei lod on contact piinting and tlie use of Llu' enlarger. The course of instiuefion is fK"' to all, the only cost being that of the film. Those iiiferested aie invited to register at 7:30 p.iii. today in room 302 of the Union. Alumni T o Honor Ag Graduates At Dinner Fifteenth annual Aui-u-ull ural Senioi-Alumni-Stafi dinner will he held on Apiil (! in the .'Vri icull ui al Engmeeriiig liuildiiu', it was announced today. Committee's have' liecn appoj>*fed by the Auricultuial Aliinp+i A ciation (n make an aiuTcuiieut-. lor the progiam, -a'liich will he in lioiior of ihe 1942 giadiiating class m a'eiiculture. CPT I mspeefors WsS! Give Flight Tests Here Today Civilian Pilol 'I'l aimii'g iiispeclors will he at the University today to give flight tests foi CPT students W’ho have not been examined. Tii ease of inclement w'oalher tlie inspectors will stay ovei- until loiiior-
I'OW.
Junior Engineers All Junior Engineer.s who want suinnicr work are requested (o sign up in tlie Per.soniiel Office (his week'.
to the ]mblic. Convocation tickets or lia--' 1)01 ts w ill not he i ('quiied. Dooi s of the Music Hall will open at 2:15
p.m.
Senior Engineers .til nil'll wlio have not received cards to schedule interviews with (ho Bell Tek'iihone Long Lines diiision, American 'releplione and J’elegraph, Iiuliuna Bell Telephoiie, Illinois Bell Telephone, and Bell Lai)s niaj sign up in the per■sonnel office on Tuesday, I'^ebriiary 17. Ueyfa E. I'l. EllMIr Returns To/ larents lii ^fTw'aid N. I'Jliott of the Al It - (’oij).s was a week-end As of his jiareiits, President and Mis. E. ('. J'lllioit. Accompanying him was Flight Lf. Ki’inelh Bas(laiiol the Royal All Fouo, whohas Ik i'll 111 the loiinti^ ioi the past three weeks. Ijiculenant I'lllioLt, RUG graduate of the IJnu el ■'ily and foi met- baskc'lhall slai, was 111 eiimneoi mg' work imiil he Was called to active duty as a I e^i'i'i i oftiiei last veui.
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor It was “Piggy Lambert Night” last night, and the Boilermakers didn’t forget it. Despite the fighting attempts of the invading Wisconsin five, the Boilermakers came from behind a one point deficit in th^initial period to slowly and inevitably forge to the front and maintain a safe lead for the remainder of the game, winning the last home tilt of the season. It was the sixth conference win of the season for the Riveters with
four defeats.
Scraflpy Cecil Polk was the leader in the hard fought battle, collaring the Badgers’ great Johnny Kotz so tightly he was hardly able to even get hold of the ball. The fighting little guard played such an aggressive defensive game that he held — ;— the Big Ten scoring leader to
only three points, and added one more than this to his own total. It was one of the finest jobs of guarding seen in the ieldhouse for many years . . and Cec only committed one
personal foul.
The entire Boilermaker team was playing heads up ball throughout the encounter, and if they had beep hitting a decent percentage of their shots would have been able to. run
Students Honor Piggy On 25th Anniversary
By J. S, Dawson
In appreciation for his twentyfive years of valuable service to the University, Piggy Lambert last night was given a blanket upon ■W'hich were inscribed his name and the years in which his teams have either won or .shared the Conference title. The presentation was made between halves of the Wisconsin game and was presented by
the student body. Hamilton Watch
In addition to thi.s. Piggy was awarded a platinum Hamilton Rutlodge watch upon which was engraved “Ward L. Lambert, 25th Anniversary, from the students of Purdue University, 1942.” Phil Johnson, president qf Gimlet and Sports Editor of the Exponent made
the presentations.
Immediately following the presentations, several notables were introduced along with the men who had formerly played under Lam-
bert.
Reception After the game, a reception was field in Room 101 of the Fieldhouse where some fifty to seventy-five former University coaches and players met to give their best wishes to the famed coach. Among those present were Wallace Rieman, the fellow who started the game of basketball here at the University, and Johnny Wooden, one of the greatest players ever turned out by Lambert. Others include Abe Masters, coach of the Lafayette Broncos, Tony Hinkle of Buter, Bill Fox of the Indianapolis News, and many others.
The summary of the game is as
follows:
PURDUE
B
FT
P
Sprwol, f.
6
0
Tierney, f.
0
0
Riley, f
'3
2
1
Conrad, f. ...
0
0
0
Menke, c
3
1
2
Polk, g.
1
2
1
Blanken, g. . .
2
1
3
Adams, g. .. .
0
0
0
Caress, g
0
0
0
—
—
Totals
15
10
7
WISCONSIN
B
FT
P
Sullivan, f
6
1
0
Kotz, f
1
1
1
Lautenbach, f..
3
0
1
Scott, f
0
0
2
Patterson, c
1
2
4
Schrage, c
0
Q
1
Lynch, c
0
0
0
Schiewe, g
2
0
2
Rehm, g.. .
1
2
4
—
—
_
Totals
14
6
16
Phi Mu
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following: Janet Berry, Wheatland; Priscilla Carr, West Lafayette; Mary Dell Colt, Aurora, Ilk; Patricia Huber, Fairland; Jean Illyes, Batavia, 111.; Betty Lou Martin, West Lafayette; Idamac Schoen, Darlington; Louise Siler, Anderson; Doris Speake, Washington, D. C.; Gloiia Speeht, Stoystown, Pa.; Annie Stinson, Tell City; and Joanne Tudor, Indian-
apolis.
Free throws missed: Riley, 6; Menke, 1; Blanken, 1. a much larger total for the evening; They hit only 15 of 67 shots for the very mediocre average of 22.4 per cent. As compared to this the Badgers made 14 of 66 for a similar av« eragfe of 21.2 per cent. They Fought Hard It was the most hard fought battle of the year for the Boilermakers, and their play was the smoothest and the smartest they have sho-wn
this year.
It was the final home appearance for seven of the Boilermaker team, seniors Captain Don Blanken, Frosty Sprowl, Mickey Tierney, Johnny Conrad, Cecil Polk, Charlie Caress and Don Adams. Frosty, Don, Horsie Good Frosty Sprowl led the victors with his steady 16 points. Captain Blanken played an outstanding game, particularly on the rebounds. (Continued on page 4)
C. Dammon . . . dii'i'ctui of admis.'^ions will bo at Indianapolis Fiiilay, East Chicago next Monday and Ft Wayne on b’chruary 25 to inheun'W paients lin'd sludi'iits who wish to oiiK'H in Llio Univi'i'sity foi tiu' suiiuiii'i teiiu whicli begins May G and the term wlmli begins Aii'gusl :ll. IR. w-ill visit till' (ligli .schools and Indiana Uiiiveisity extension i-eiiteis in those cities.
Local Port Receives Weird Visitations As Weather Grounds Navy, TWA Planes
By W. F. Leineweber
jDow’n came the rain, fog . . . and planes out at the airport over the w'oekend. The weather hereabouts produced the weirdest conglomeration of airplanes to be seen at any airport, right here at our own field. With even the ducks skeptical as to tlyiiig- conditions, the human element clcciclod definitely that the host lilaci' to be in these pai ts was down fieie on good old terra liinia, and they will remain hero until weather
conditions cigar.
The big- immigration (or hibernation) started Saturday afternoon when a squadron of Navy Vought pursuits, en route to the Windy City from Pensacola, turned hack from Chicago, because of the howling hlizzaid up there, to our nesting lilace heie in West Lafayette. There are ten of them out at the port now, waiting favorable conditions for de-
parture.
Close on the heels (or tails) of thi , Navy came a Luscombe seaplane! The pilot, a Monticello resident; picked out one of the larger piuidleu on the field and skidded in to a landing. It will be an interesting sight to see the take-off of this job ph a
dry field—if it ever dries.
The big noise came in about eight o’clock Sunday night. It was one.of the huge /FWA transports, also headed for Chicago. She came in (<«| the radio beam without any troublft and is also tethered out in the big pasture awaiting old Sol's rea^ pearance. * With all its regular ships plu^ the new arrivals, the local port has really taken on a wai'time appearance. The University airport is direct^ on the Indianapolis-Chicago beam which accounts for the heavy traffic. It’s an interesting sight out there and one that probably won’t be du-
plicated.
''m
HiPurdue
TuPMay^ FSbriMry I f, 19^2
Dramatic Honorary lUerry-GorRouH^ Playshop Attepi Mail
Tjo Honor Memhers
' yp ^
At Dinner fhursaay
’9:00 €;SO
Tuesday, February 17
A.M.—indiaua Nurserymen’s Con1 * -ference- ...
E. & W. Reception
Rooms, Union
—First Aid Meeting Room 30,5,• Union iP,M.—“Kijighting of Sir Loin” by
-dlppf j^., Horn
F.M.—Society o^ Professional ,y ■ < ,Ep,gineers
6:30 P.M.—Indiana Nurserymen’s Uonference
7.-00 7:30 7:30 7::3() 7:30 7:30 7:80 7:30 7:30
9:30
P.M.^-T’J'A.r Dance Cla.ss P.M.—Alpha Phi Omega P.M.—Cere.s Meeting P.Iyf.—Ohristian^Science Organi--zation '... P.M.—Inter-Fj;aternity Vgrsity Christian Fellowship . ... P.M.—Forestry Club Meeting P.M.—Silver Mask P.M.—Wrestling—University of
Illinois
P.M,.—A.S.M.E. Meeting
Round 2 All-Canipus Discussion Contest Wednesday, February 18 A-M.—Indiana Nurserymen’s
..H. E. Cafeteria ..E. Faculty Lounge,
Union.
..West Faculty Loupge,
Union
. North Ballroom, Union ..Room 307, Union ..Room 305, Union
Purdue Players, dramatic honorary sponsored by Plagshop, will hold its annual recognition, banquet Thursday at .6 p. m. in the Union to honor both stage crews and actors. , .Dick Kohls, vicc-presidept of the organization, will act as ma.ster of ceremonies, and Merle Keck, presi-, dent, will review the aceomplishments of the new members. Actives and new members should make reservations immediately with the Playshop secretary in Fowler Hall. . ^
.Room 303, Union .Room 261, Union .Room 117, Hort. Bldg. .Room 304, Union
Fieldhouse
.Room 207, ME Bldg.
Conference
9:00 2:30 4:30 6:15 7:00 7:00 7:00 7:30 7:30 9:00 2:30 3:00 6:00 6:45 7:00 7:00 7:30 7:30 9:00 4:00 4:30 7:30 9:00
8:00 3:30 3:00 7:00 8:00 9,:00 9:00
..E. & W. Reception Rms.,
Union
...Room 305, Union
..W. Faculty Lge, Union
...Room 261, Union ...II. E. Cafeteria ...Room yOS, Union
...W, Faculty Lge, Union
A.M.—First Aid Meeting P.M.—Bible Qonference P.M.—^^Student A.rt Guild P.M.—A.A.U.P. Dinner Meeting P.M.—A.A.U.P. Meeting P.M.—Bible Conference P.M.—Certification Inspectors
Training Room 104, Ag. Hall P.M.—Scabbard & Blade Inspection....Tower, Union P.M.—Horticultural Society Meeting..Room 117, Hort. Bld.g.
Thursday, February 19
A.M.—First Aid Meeting .Room 305, Union *P.M.—Bible Conference ...........West Faculty Lge., Union P,M-—Screen Review ;Hall of Music P.M,—Purdue Player.s’ Banquet Room 363, Union
P.M.P.M.-
-Winter Course Society -Bible Conference
Assembly Room, Ag. Hall W. Faculty Lounge,
Union
Room 304, Union Tower, Union
P.M.—Animal Society Forum .... P.M.—P.I.A, Chorus
P.M.—Christian Student Fellow.ship..Room 307, Union
Friday, February 20
A.M.—First Aid Meeting Room 306, Union P.M-—War Lecture—Professor C. B. Murphy :.... ...........Hall of Music P.M.—Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union P.M.—Mixed Recreation Memorial Gymnasiiun P.M.—Women’s Pan Dance ...North Ballroom, Union
Saturday, February 21 Swimming—State. High
School Meet Fieldhouse Indiana Hampshire Swine Breeders’ Asso. vSale ............Hoi'se Judging Pavilion A.M.—Freshman Lecture Hall of Music P.M.—Wi-estling—Northwestern ' University '^ieldhoq.se P.M.—P.I.A. Tea Dance South Ballroom P.M.—Newcomers Dinner Dance E. & W'. Faculty Lges.,
Union
P.M.—Student Coop Dance ..........Rooms 355 & 363, Union p.M.—Mixer Roth Ballrooms, Union p.M.—3’erry House Dance 608 Waldron
Riveter Nelters (Continued from page 1) Bob Riley ^as one of the big guns ip the Boilermaker attack, playing the ,inos;t aggrespive ggme ,of. his career. He garnered e.lght tailies while playing,a brilliant floor' sabWBob Sujilixab f 9.4, the losers attac.b, Usipg.Jolm, Kot.z’s fayorite one-h.ahd .shpt to gopd adyantage for. 13 points. Fred Rehm, \yas everything he baa bepn cracked V,P, to be on ,the rebormd department, getting a good s,har,e. of them frob both backboai'ds- : , The first half was a see-saw affair, throughbut, with the score changing hands. 11 tipies before a final first half bucket by Lautenbach put the Badgers ahead 21-20. Cardinal Ra.lly Misses ^prpyid put, the .Boilermakers into the.lead as the final period began. The score changed hands seyeral more time.s for the first five minutes after which the Boilerinakers pulled into the, lead, increasing it to nine points before a final Wisconsin scoring spree which fell shprt as the gun fired. , , : Prof. C. W. Caldwell . . V of thc' School of Elccti'icai Engineering recently returned from Chicago.where he had been purchasing cctuipment for use in a new defense course entitled “Fundamentals of Radio IV,” soon to be offered in ,15 Indiana cities through the ESMDT office under the direction of Professor C- W. Beese, director of defense training at the University. Weekly PI A Dance Series To Begin Tonight In Union PIA series of weekly dance classes begins at 7:30 p.m. today at the I'ate of $2.50 for men and .$1 for
women.
.Students, may register for this course in the south ballroom of the Union with P. M. Allen of the Allen School of Dancing. Instruction consists of ten two-hour lessons. Jim Pedsok will be in charge of the
course.
(Contiiufed.frbfii pfogb 1) » yan in North Africa; said that this yyas jupf ch,iji|lb^ play; (t^hgt these barrep db^.^i't wastes meant nothing .ev.ep if,con-
quered./
Blunt-spoken as he was, however. Admiral King was not .half as tough as the Australians. Their minister in Washington, Richard Casey, told Churchill point-blank that Singapore would have to be defended. He even went to the extreme length of, warnjng that Austrgliau tro'pps wotild. be yanked- out of tite N,.e,^i'. East if tjie British .Soverpin^nt,,did not send reinforcements to Singa-
pore.
Fu.rthermore, the Australian Prime Minister even went io the ,e:^tent of suggesting that if London was going to desert the Australian people by not defending Singapore, it would be perfectly possible for the Australian Government to withdraw from, the War and ipa.ke a separate peace Ttyith,.GermShy. ^ Fa.Cbd;->vitib,tthis double-barreled barrage from both ' thp Au.stf.aW" ans and tba U, tfie B.ritr ish and, Bassians. yielded. More reinforcepiunts for .the Fa^ East w.eye, decided upon. Uy that time, however, it was late to sepd heayy reinforcemerits. 4ind^ the inside fact is that mod.ern , fightihg planes did not artiye in Singap.bro until after Ciiurchili returned to Lopcipii-f^or about ope ni,onfh/bcfor,e Japan’s ail-out attack op the ■ island, _ , ■ i Note: This inside his.tory of Singapore is going to contribute to far closer ties between the,U.,S, A. and Australia. , , • ,M,acAr{;hur For President RepresentUttiyc Lane. ..Rowe.r.s, Reiniblicau of New Jersey, iaunciied a presidential boom for General MacArthur on Capitol Hill the other day, althou,gh it must be said he chose a strange place to do it—a clo.seddoor meeting of the House Appropriations Committee. The Committee was con.sidci'ing the new $2.3-bill.ion Army appr.opriation, to provide thousands of additional tanks and other equipment for the war against the :Axi.s. One of the first topics of di.scussion hinged on how much of the huge war fund would go for needed supplies in the Philippines. This was Powers’ cue. “Thank you, geutlemeU,” he said with a bow. “While we’re on this subject, 1 wish to announce that my candidate for the Presidency in 1944 is tliat great soldier, famous American and outstanding Republican, General Douglas MacArthur.” ,Democratic committee members applauded as vociferously as the Republicans. Later, Powers was asked why he picked a closed-door meeting to sound the keynote foi' MacArthui'i “That’.s part of the strategy,”
' ■f’lay'shop^^hnpimcbs feat ipafi" orders for reserved, seat tickets to their next production will be accepted starting fbmorrow. Coupons should be sent into the box office, together with a stamped, self-ad-dressed envelope. The night for which the tickets are-des.ir,ed .shqujid be specified, Single admission tickets will be on sale at 75.c each start-.
ing next Monday.
The play, to be presented March 4-7, is “ Beyond the Horizon” by
Eugene O’Neill.
Tau Epsilon Phi . . . social fraternity, announces Norwalk, Conn.; Harold Kruniholt,^ New York, N. Y.; Bertram, Jacobs, Chicago, 111.; and Jack Tadman,
Crown Point.
The late Robe^’t E. Mazel, Chicago, 111., was initiated posthumous-
ly. .
grinned the popular New Jerseyite. “Do you think I want to jinx the man by coming out for him publicly at this early date?” Note: Among the nation!? outstanding military heroes who haye been elected president were: George Washington, Andrew JacksOn, William Henry Harrison, Zachary Taylor,. Ulysses S. Grant and Theodore Roosevelt. On the other hand, .General McClellan failed in his race against Lincoln; General Leonard Wood, failed after the World War; Admiral Dewey was talked about but made no real attempt after the Spanish-American War; and General Winfield Scott was defeated aft,er the Mexican War of 1848. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) .
Animal Husbandity
i' ^ i ’’-s ^
B^hqjuei To Feature Knighting Of Sirloin Cut fi’om a*University raised steer, a loin of beef will be knighted tonight in the ceremony of “The Knighting of Sirloin” at the annual animal husbandry banquet at 6 p.m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. . The banquet is held each year by 'Hoof and Ho™; animal husbandly, honorary' to! .commemorate the legendary knighting of a similar loin of beef by Kifig Charles II of Eng-
land.
Senior Foresf'ry Student' Wods Indianapolis Girl Mrs. Btewart A. Green of Ipdianapolis has announced the marriage of ber daughter Mary Francis to Donald Grant, senior Forester from Terre Haute. The marriage took place in Chicago on December 20. Phi Kappa Sigma ... social fraternity, announces the initiation of Jack , Freeman, Haminond; Pat Hayes, Frankfort; Nick Stabile, Pittsburgh, Pa.; Barrett Billica, Muncie; Don Schoenlein, Portland; Kenny • Aitken, Frankfort, Ky.; George Baughman, Warren, 0.; and Bob Marshall, West Lafayette.
Joe Benbft’s bpxeire'^ijyiiiil start a new era of boxing when thejy fighi: St. Joseph College in the Fieidhobse for the first intercdllegiate boxing match ever to be held here in Boilermaker his.tory. .St, Jc!8ejph.t, wfei^'i's located at Rensselaer, Indiaaia, will fight the Riveters Februa,r^ 28. ,Sp far only twb Jnein .Ipivev'vyph matches. They are Cap.laip Dp,ri Elfin and Gus Bouhan. B.enna is.:tr.^ing to get his bpxers Inahap? sp tbpy can win’ this first intercollegiate meet at home. To date the pugilists have been beaten twice. Accpi'^ing to Benna, they are put to goi; the scalps of St. Joe, at any ..post.. Since th.e, Golden, ,G|oveg pieets that were formerly held in Lafayr ette were called off this year, the students do not have the opportune ity to see the Riveter bp?ces8 i(i acr tion unless they witness .these' in/
tercollegiate matches.
EXP8RIEN<CSP TAU4SB ^UITS TO .QRpEgv 0/ Clothes Alterjed, Cleaned and Pressed Fur Coat blur $pe.ci;ilty ReasqnfJ>(^''Pd5ds:' ' ; ’ GHApNOEY Atip STATE STS.
NOW SHOWJNG A Revelation in High Powered Comedy!
= YOUNG * HUSSEY ^ wil5 FBIIX BHESSART • lEE BOWMAN MARY RETB HUGHES HiiliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiilitiliHijiiilliji
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
^iating^ JhsL. Cbd&-
Mnuaa-
-OAXOX-
-3,won
Yesterday morning—we done it! After a ten-o’clock test we ran like made oyer to Morton school to give the government our name and address—and unHorm size. We walked into the place like we owned the joint—and the first thing that happened—^before vye could cut loose with our speech 14 knowledge—the principal ran up and grabbed us by the ear and took us into his office. It took us 26 minutes plus a 76 (one above a moron) on the IQ test to convince him we were not playing hookey from Miss Something-or-other’s fifth grade reading clas.s. -—a—• , So after \yandering around the school .and staring down xoipe geepnd-grade Hick Tracy — we finally found the room with all the other (?) men. In we w’alked with a determined look pn our faces and a ljSt-,pf reasons why we should bp defered in our hand. The ppunter wa? like a ch'ug stpre (no commercials) spd^ fountain. It was in a box shape with one corner •opened and people sitting on bpth sides talking to “Fach other. (Sorta like the yi.sitor hours at our old address.) . After finding a future “buddy” who looked as if he had just finished relating his full autobiography
—eyen to who he-writes to back home—w'e stood beliind his chair and waited. After missing our dinner and,our one o’clock test—some nice old lady felt sorry for us and offered her seat. When it was all over—and they gave us a shot 0^ adrenalin and our drinking perniir-—we started to leave. It seemed as.thou.gh w'e had missed bur timing and after putting one foot out in the'hall we met the charge , of the Morton school’s first six division.s—' the final bell had run.g and the little (— ) darlings poured out of the joint like Democrats out of Congress at noon. When the passing parade had passed Vr’e felt as if the .war was over and we were the unknown soldier. After this ordeal we dashed—with the speed of,,a PEM 12 stud leaving clas.s—to our favorite hangout. Then with our newly acquired identification; ticket, wo convinced the guy behind the counter that we were vital td the country and to his future securit.y, •SO he served us—two spoonsful of sugar in our coffee in.stead of the usual one. I'.t.e.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
HOWARD HAWKS Added WALT DISNEY CARTOON — March of Time's — FAR EAST COMMAND
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store ‘Hp.I” Sammons '29 ■ “Dm’” Epplr MO
MARS TODAY - TOMORROW Gangland gangs gp on the Gestapo!
, Entered gs second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, gnd at the special rale of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authprizpd_ January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub-
scriptions, $4,00.
Edttor-in-Chgf ...Ned A. Ochiltree hteWH. Editor John L. TrauKott (>pDr|.f Phil Johnson
TODAY - WEDNESDAY They're T.N.T. Together OB'T DWUR,^ N lURNER
... know tkat Bpp,e,B,ranS:k is important in daily coititacts. A clean, neaMy pressed suit gives a look pf ■ alertness which is spre to impress fellow students. Be sure you keep this look fey having your clothes cleaned regularly.
WEAR CLEAN CLOTHES
:1
,i
F I
1 ;k > V^.
B!« T^ Standings |||ini
Illinois Indiana Minnesota PURDUE Wisconsin Iowa Northwefetorn Michigan Chciago
W. L. Pet. 9 1
4 4 4 6 3 8 0 12
. . . Ted Seabrooke, who captured third place in the 155 pound class in Big Ten competition last year, will represent the University of Illinois’ chief threat to the Boilermaker grapplers’ undefeated season. Operating at either the 155 pound or 165 pound divisions, Seabrooke has also paced the Illini to an unbroken String of wins this year.
Big Ten Scores Noithwestei’n, 47; Chicago, 46. Illinois, 41; Minnesota, 37. Indiana, 47; Michigan, 42. IM Schodulep
BASKETBALL ^ Tuesday, February 7 Acacia, vs Phi Kappa Alpha G?imma Rho vs Phi Kappa « Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Pi Kappa Phi Alpha Tail Omega vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Gates 2 Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Alpha Mu Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma Chi Delta Chi vs Sigma Nu Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Barnard 3 Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Pi Kappa Delta Rho vs Tau Epsilon Phi Kappa Sigma vs Tau Kappa Epailon Lambda Chi Alpha vs Theta Chi Kopnor
Sigma Delta Psi test in the mile run will be run today at 4:15 in the Fieldhouse. Report to Don Phillips. '
Tu^Sj^^y/Hebruary 17/ 1942
Wre$tlers Take On Illinois Toni
. . . iliij Tomaras, who tips the scales at a slight 120 pounds, will tangle with Mickey MacDonald, Riveter sophomore contender, in the 121 pound class this evening in the Fieldhouse. This event should be one of the features of the match for Mickey will be striving to retain his unbeaten rating.
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
Tke Sports Sestapo By phil iabpsoB
► Now Kol-z Knows How A The mighty Kotz has met his Waterloo, Cecil (Waterloo) Polk was much more than the current Big Ten scoring leader coivtld fathom last night, indeed, he appeared at a loss after thp firat few minutes, when he couldn’t take over two steps without the diminutice Boilermakei guard shadowing him like a G-Man. Polk allowed the Badger scoring ace only about tw,o unmolested shots all evening, and he hit one of them. The rest of the time he was in close proximity of the one handed shot artist the remainder of the game. Not pnly did Polk hold him to just three points, but he added four tallies to his own cause at the same time. / ► First Tinje Since Sixi|h Grade We talked to several of the Badger players after the game, and all they could speak of was Polk. “He’s the fastest thing we’ve met all year,” remarked Roy Schiewe, who is no slow cookie himself. Then we remarked something about how it must be at least two years since Kotz had beeij held to such a low score. “Two years my eye,” retorted lanky Warren Schrage,” he hasn’t been held to under ten points since he wa.s in the sixth grade, and even that time he made nine.” Move over you guys in the basketball hall of fame, and let little Cecil Polk in. ^ Chicago Forgot Who They^re Supposed To Be We just learned the final of the Northwestern-Chica|:o game—47-46. It looks like Chicago almost foigot who they weie. ^ Officials Best Of Year The job of officiating done last night by Gale Robin.son and Eail Townsend was the, best we have seen this season The Wisconsin boys wi'ie ccitainly playing for keeps, and even the tiowns and scowls fiom Coach Bud Foster couldn’t keep them iiom seeing the laigo number of body bloclcs thrown by the Wisconsin playeis. Both teams weic fighting hard, and they no doubt did miss several miscucs even then. We’ve never seen a more gentlemanly Pin duo ciowd than witnessed the game last night. You see, it leally tui ns out pietty well to show good spoi tsmanship. Let’s rcmembei this next yeai. All The Home Games This Year Well, students, that’s all the basketball in the Fieldhouse foi this season If you still have a little tiead left on youi tiies, there’s going to be five moie’feames on foieign courts that will be mighty fine tussles Especially that last game at Illinois,
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
SCOBEE’S SENIOR^ I Employers are Intervieiting now— DON’T delay — Have application photos ready—Reliable service. Phone 2343 105 Northwestern Ave.
Seek Fitth Straight Victory Against Undefeated lUini The University of fllinois’ wrestling squad, one of the few conference teams that still remain undefeated in the new season, offers competition to the likewise undefeated Boilermaker wrestlers at 7:30 this eveping in the Fieldhouse. Coach Reeck stated definitely that, “Without a doubt, the team of wrestlers from Illinois will offer the toughest competition that the Boilermakers hav^e run up against this season.” Both Teams Have Perfect Records The Illini have'wrestled two competitors so far this season, Iowa State Teachers College and Cornell College, Mount Vernon, Iowa, and beaten them both. Iowa State Teachers College went down 24 to 6, and Cornell College suffered the same fate to a 22 to 6 count. The Boilermakers have doled out defeat to four opposing squads for their peifect season so far, sending down Findlay College, Ohio State, Chicago, and Indiana in the same or-
der.
One man on the Illinois squad who will bear consideiable watching is Captain Ted Seabiooke. Seabiooke took third in eonfeience last season in the 155 pound division, and so far this season has won both of his matches, one of which was in the 155 pound class, and the othei m the 165 pound class. Anothei man on the squad fiom Illinois that has turned in biilliant peiformances this season IS Eail Thompson, a 145 poundei: Thompson will piobably meet Giegory of the Riveteis in the meet tonight. Illini Go In For Pinning In the last match the Illim participated in, thieo ol then falls weie won via a pinning Irv Kagan, a 128 poundei; John Uays, a 135 poundei; and Alex Agase, heavyweight, all pinned tkeu opponents. The Riveteis havq been lelying on accumulation of points to win their matches, more than pinning so fai this season. The piobable lineups of the twm
lUijo/*'# uwp"
::
Suits fitted to you and you alone Your new suit will fit you to perfection if it is custom tailored by mmmmi tailor Phone 6030
teams is as
follows.
PURDUE
ILLINOIS
MacDonald
121
Thomas
Fiedeiicks
128
Kagen
Matovina
136
Aloia
Gregory
145
Thompson
Butt
155
Hays
Davis
165
Seabrooke
Eviston
175
Lucas
Ruggen
Heavy
Agase
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTJIACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 8Z2-24 Main St.
Iiitrainiii>eJ 1 News By Don BiteiKer Hail Lloyd Holtzinan as the new Boilermaker Ping-Pong Holtzman defeated Joe Ngnie% ht the finals of the AD-Campus Tennis tournament last week aftep previously downing Bob Greider in the quarter-finals of play. Nemeth had won out over Quentin f*ile in his match, stepping into the rtmiijerup position. Final rounds in the tommanient went fast after several n^tcliqs, held up in the early stages of competition, were played off. Finals in the Class “B” conipetv^ tion in Cary Hall basketbaH wiU see Hall 2 oppose Cary Hfill 6 to dirtermine the Halls' new champs., ^ drew a bye in the semi-finals and Caiy Hall 6 defeated jteam 12 to ad; vance. Other Hall competition aees Cary Hall 1, 4, 11, and 14 advsn^ to the semi-finals of ping-pong play. Dates for final rounds are not' yet definite. ^ Phil Delta Theta, i ecently crotvijetl champion in the fraternity “A” has"ketball finals, will meet Ward ^4, the title holder among Ward tomori ow night to determine the top squad on the campus. Ward .24 last week defeated the Gary. )5aH champs, so they should prpve mighty tough for the State S'tre^
fellows.
Next Monday and Tuesday afternoon the annual inter-fratemity track meet will be run o^ in this Fieldhouse. Twelve events mc^dr ing the 60 yard dash, hrqgd fump^ mile lun, 60 yard high hurdle?, ^ mile run, high jump, pole valiit, sho| put, 440 yard dash, 60 yard huidles, 880 yapd dash and Dte Telajt will be staged to decide the top frar teinity tiack squad. MilitSTY Enters Semi-Finals Batteries A-2 and A-3 ajong wit)» C-4 and B-1 will battle this Wednesday evening at 7 and 7:15 resped^ lively for a position in the final playoff of the Military Department’s big basketball tournament. Last Friday evening saw the defeat of three of the seven teams tha^ manage to endiu'e the session up lo the semi-finals. The teams that wilg have to settle fox- eight merits ai^ nothing moie are E-1, F-1, and C-4. After the games Wednesday ev^ ning, there will be two teams sti$ fighting for the championship. Thea^ teams will tangle Friday at 8 p.ml, when the military hardwood victor will be decided. All of the games are free to thfe public, and Lt. Vanderfot^ invites the student body to cqme to thg Fieldhouse to ohserye these gam^ which axe to be played on the maib floor. ^
EDGERTON H0WE.,IHC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 w« Deliver
One Point for Every Minute^ Firehouse Basketball Piggy Lambert—the originator of the most exciting style of ball ever played-we salute you. THE DERBY HOTELn» :, * M,
^’■“<Hi si f ,k «
‘ i h * j j ^ »>
1* ■* >"1^
Purdue Exponent
m
Tuesday, February 17, 194^
Personnel Notes
Companies Scheduled To A isit the Campus — If anv senioi is intcic''lcd in an inteiview with am of the followiiiR companies, compltto one of Hit yellow “Request foi lntoi\iew ’ taids a supply of which is in \oui school office You will be notihed b\ caid fiom the Peisonnel Office when to schedule foi nn mteiview Catci pillar Tiactoi Conipam, Pcoiia, Illinois Feb 17 Draio Coipoiation Pittsbineh Pa Feb 18 Bell S\stem—all blanches Feb 18, 19, 20 Elliott Coinpain Cintinnali O Feb 18 Standaid Oil of Indiana luting Ind Feb 18 Shell Oil Coinpam \ew "Voik, N Y Feb 18 Naval \Mation C idct Boaid — GROUP MEETING 4 00 p in I tb 18 Btthkhem Steel Compun Btlh lehein. Pa National Siipph ( oin pan>, Pittsbui ch Pa Ftb 20 Dow Chemical Coinpint Midlind Mich Feb 20 Dia\o Coipoiation Pittsbuiph Pa—Feb 18 ME CE EL LhE Met E and PSE \Ko luniois foi suinmei woik Hainisthfegoi Coipoiation Mil waukec Wis—Coming soon Ushco Mfg Co Inc Fiankfoit Ind—Mai 2 Coming Glass Moiks Chaileio Pa—Feb 27 ME ChF EE BS ind PhD in Chemisii \ Phjsicists Mctiopolitm life Ins (o Actu anal Division New Noik N 'I — Undtigi aduate men ioi summei woik, especiallj those with a maioi in mathematic Ant one iiiteicsttd please sign up in the Pcisonntl Of hcc The Elliott ( 0111)3 int Cintimi iti Ohio—Feb 18 ME nd EE Ell Lilh and Co Indianapolis Ind—Coming Soon Phuniieists Chemists CheniK il Inginceis ind ScRiict Detioit I dison (o Dctioit Mich-—Eel) 24 luiiioisloi summei woik Sign up m the Ptisonncl Of fice Kellogg Co Battle Cioek Alich Ftb 23 FE and ME Also sojiho moies and luniois ME LL^ and
Staff Members Attend Section ASME Meeting Piof n A Bol7 A S Hall R W Leulwik I and ( \V Pbtljis, all fi om tlu school of Mtehiniiil Engineti mg, attended Llit mcctnig of the Cential Indiain Section of the Aniei u in Soiii t\ of Mechanical Fn gineeis in Indianapolis last Fudat evening Piofessoi BoD IS head of the E\ ocutn e C ommittec of the ( enti il In diani Section of the ASME Joe R. Heckman CF il willleivetoi Iianat tne end of this month foi engineci iiu eonstiiution vtoik with Foley Biotheis Co I 01 the past seveial months he has been an enginoei on the consciiiction of the Twin Cit\ Oidnince PI int neai Minneapolis ChF foi summei woik II inteiested in an inteiview sign up in Pei son ncl Office bctoie 1 ji in Fnday Fcl 20 Si ind u d Oil of Indi in i Chic igo 111—F(h 18 PhD MS BS Chemis ti\ LS MS in Chemical Engineei in BS AIS PhD Pl^sicists IT S Nn^ Yaid Nival Viici ilt I ictoiv Philidelphia Pa—Fch 2(3 ME (Aci onauticals) Chemists Mets Phvsicists Nival Aviition Cadet Boaid Chicigo 111—Feb 18 19 20 Ain one inteiested sign up in the Pci sonnel Oflice I S Naval A aid Naval Aaiiciatt 1 acton Philideliihi i Pa —Ginuji meeting Ihuisdav 1 eh 26 at 1 p m n Room 211 M E M 1 s ind Aci o mutuals Mets Plnsieists and ( hcinisls Naval Aviation ( iclct Selection Boaid Chicago Illinois —lhuis(la\ aiuiriulav Feb 19 and 20 Come to Peisonnel Office immcdi itep and schedule mten lew
Classified Ads
Tjp< sr lerH—A 11 i e Mnd in s 11 ni lU i Bf1 I r till 1 1 I I I ir 1 ( I M m 3e,r n h w kin ( J Lb r h 11 GO ) Main L f >ttt( 1 hone 2 <1 ( heir 111 1 il t i r 1 sin Us 1 w v\ (1 1 li snt PI n I nst 111 I vl ( 111 I U1 \ < 1 V I thin Vl 1 I im I \h \ Ilf S 11 I 3 0 1 II sIlM
Delta Chi
social fiateinity an*nounces the initiation of the following Wailen (iiegoiy, Indianapolis, Richaid Quiik Delphi, Aithiu Mon is, Niles, Mich, Robeit Metcalf, Indianapo lis Biooks Toimohlen, Poitland, Donald Bowman, Delphi James Cicvei Madison, and Pi of H K C iimichacl of the speech depart incut Horf Socief-y Will Choose Officers Tomorrow Nighf Discussion of suinmei activities and election of offlceis aie sched iiled foi the Hoiticultui al Society meeting at 7 30 p m tomoiiow in the assembly loom of the Hoiticultuie building Bob BicwStci and John Knop will discuss last summei’s ROTC camp loi advanced inihtaiy students, and MTaync Andeis will speak on his ox peiiences in inaiketmg hoi ticultui al Cl ops Aftei the election of officei s, lefieshments will be scived
Notices
r mlcrBrniliiale Dimes Ro sli iiitiition 33 ill bo h 11 It flip h mt i Ml C Cain 111 H 111 on 18pm 1 liv Itb 1 W 11 1 I cl tt os vorI Ml R W estminslcr 1 oundafinn Thoio 3vill ho i S( 3 nf < 1 h 111 F 1 I 3 r hr 111 •>() it s p II 1 ho 1.1 111 Urn I il It chiuli nil fi 117 tb I ) V M 1 ir 3 It I I till
1IIOMA
I m II 11 M ike F n F \ ims I (m n iti is I r n 3 ( II 1 I r 7,1 I 3v II 1 I r S I I 1 V 11 I I 1 1 1 I m 111 I lb I I III ml If J 3 M I 111 31 1 ( 1 I I h 1 1 m V 1 ( t niliti n ( ml Ai | li iti ni sli nl I 1 3 lb Him 1 Ih I ii li h i llii i m HI I llrii isilv If II I V F 11 I ij F (I II
( RF 1 I<
PMRO\rZE rXPONl M ADVERTISERS^
riinstlan Science Organi7alion There will bo a rcculai medinK liu'^dav Feb 1 in r m ^0 5 )f tin Ui ion at 7 ^0 p m I OCKWOOD Scriveners Mcelinp: in Scnvonoi office ni the Unini Pucf'd ly I cb J at p m Veiv impfHant
—lusim
riymg- (inb ItcRulii mcctinf? Wodnos d IV Feb 18 at 10 pm in lom 10*1 <C the Unon IIABKIIT All Girls Thoio will be n lojrulnr meet inj, of the Fiilon Club luosday Ffb 17 at 7 ‘10 ] m in tlu wtmens prym All Riils wtilinj, on tests f)i membeisbip me urirod to ittcnd KRAFFELIAN ML 30 Make Tip exams Examinations to remove C uul I p:ndes in ME 30 will be j^iven Silurduy Much 14 at 1 p m in room 101 of the MF building Pleafao notify me if interested —GEIGFR Eng-meerinff Students There will be an open mcetinfr of the Amencin Scciety of Mechniicil rnmuers Tiusdaj I eh 1 at 30 n m 1 )om 0 of th MF bujldinpr Prof W r Millei will j^ive a talk on Com mon Sense in LnpnnocnnK Seniois ospe cially irc ui„od 1) attend lOPlNKA Society of Automotive rnfirineers All membeis dcsnnip: to obtain olTue in tlu SAF next year should tome t> the meeting in loem 03 Union luildin^ at 30 Thurs d Ftb 20 This is i new sjstem ind all inteiested mcmbois she uld Ic thtie to pive then Mcupnits aril t mike nominations
I W KEII
SC A Purehasinfi: Agents Impel tant meet 11 ol ill f oopci itive puicha nu, icents Mill I hell lu la\ leb 1 it 4 pm in SC A 1 om Re th le ni send i bou c ro} I entitiv MOCAVLRO Reamer flub HiRbl> impoilint mcetinc: i1 30 pm lue du 1 b 1 in loom 2( 3 )f (he Uni in PI ase le theie f RUlFNLR WAA All k iN that ue inteiested in L iml lin inelidrj th sc Ihit hive led II actu int, be suio t c me i ic d i\ and 11 1 d V L 1 pn We ue tlitni} te woil n P nn Ciinvil RAUCIIMAN
Alpha 7eta Turn in all money collected fiom seniors before Satuiday Feb 21 Don t foitret that the comnosilcs will be in the AffncuUuralist ofTice every eveninj? at 4 80j
—RAMP
Horticultural Society Meetmpr Wednes day Feb 18 in loom 117 of the horticulture Ruilduitc at 30 p m Roficshments will be seivod rUIMFR WAA Pinff Ponfi: First round of tourna mont must be ilayed off bv Wednesday Feb 1 iai\ ’ Ihe lollowmj? Rirls are scheduled to plav Bock vs Hockait Shell vs louts Wa erbuiv vs Mein^ei Evans vs Brack man laustuh vs Jones Wilhimson vs Blank Miller vs Schubei Bradshaw vs Fold Wimplor \ Bowei Monnen vs Ver Ho(ven Buert,lei (B) vs Campbell Ktn dall vs Roscncriiis —SCHUBER WAA Shuffleboard Birst round of tour nament must be played off by Wednesday Job 2) The foJlowmpr trirls aie scheduled to play Half? vs Bowci VciHoeven vs Foi ts Kendall vs Schubti Jones \s Mtr Uv SCHUBLR AH ARriculturnl Seniors There is a cost of ^ '"0 for each senioi composite picture to he hung in Apr Hall Please p ly any Alpha /eta membei bcfoie Wcdiicsd ly Feb 18
—RAMP
Purdue Riding: Club Important meeting: Wednesday 1 eb 18 at 7 30 in room 361 of lh( Union Anyone int< rested is invited to attend —BROWN Air Ed Society No rcKular meetinp: this week Instead members aie urpred to attend a panel discussion on the problems of adult ediu ition How can homo economics and vocational AKiicuUurc tcachei^ service the family which will be held Wednesday Feb 18 fiom " 1 > to S SO p m in loom 201 of the Fducation Building:
Scabbard and Blade Form il mootinp: Wednes lay l(b IS it 7 30 in the south towel room ol the Union Inspection weai uniforms and white shuts All membeis ire expected to attend —SUIT IVAN Ceres Import int meetinpr Tuesday Feb If at < pm 111 loom 305 of the Union
(AILAHAN
Silver Mask Impoitant mcctmp: Tuesday
Feb K at 7 JO pm in u om 301 of the
Un on -OAKES Student Art Guild Moctin;, Wednesday
Feb 18 at I 30 r rn in loom 2(1 of the Union Biintj in completed student art sui vtVs ilso maf,a/iiio nul newspaper clip pinj,s suitable foi the prospective fruiJd e\
hibil on Jho Aits In Wutimo
PARKS
Exponent Freshmen Assignments as foi** Iowa Monday Freymun Tuesday Fi8cheit*r Carrol Votek Wednesday Kneger SperoflPr Thuisday Thomson Please report on nights as’iiignod —RXJPFNFR Newman CJiib Discussion will be held Tuesday Fob 17 in room 286 of tjie Union —RUNNION POMM Formal pledging will bo held Tuesday Feb 17 at 4 16 in the Armory, Wear formal uniforms —BUSHNELL Forestry Club Meeting Wednesday Pejb 18 at 7 30 p m in loom 117 of the Horti** culture building H F Mosbaugh will apeak
—SCHNEIDER
Chi Cpsilon Meeting Tuesday Feb 17 at 4 30 p m m the rending room of the Civil building —COLLINS
DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD 1 RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
\\
\\
Service that Saves — Service that Satisfies
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Better Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
V^VtVWWV't-WWVWWVW^V^WWj, 5 Dine Tonight I NU CHINA GRILL I CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St ^ JVvvvwv^-vwwvwvwwwwwwJ
Crown Cleaning Service saves your elollies— Improves your appearance. Get the haliit of having— YOi/R UXmiES (now IS cleaned REGULAnLY iaoHii LaffiJonY
Top of the Hill
IS
a
doL TNDXXjOAmA, Popular on Any Campus Sport Oxfords $198
Lusty moc type oxford of white buffalo accented with brown
Campus Strap Moccasin every co ed s |oy New Buckle idea in beige antique or brown and white
MARCH 6th is the date when the Debris price goes up to $5.50. Get your Debris while they are $5.00. You can call or come personally to the Debris business office between 4 and
p. m.
MARCH 6th
i 4
f w ' 4
t \