«- ,^^1^ J| - «.^ , ^,1 i,^ t/i ,r„ , 1, ;,-f<-„-^ ‘w.-r"- 1) ‘y y'.-'ilP^-’ ' AvM%ri7l-f4'!^!^yrt'‘*^^^^«iW^?iofe^»‘
*\
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 70
Tuesday, December 5, 1939 >
Late News
Finns Retreat Helsinki, Dec. 4—^Various rumors circulate today concerning the war in northeastern Europ6. Prom Moscow came word that the Red army was following a Finnish army, retreating from the port of Petsamo. *‘The Red army continued to advance in all sectors of Finland,” said the fifth communique of the war. Also from Moscow came word that the Russian government would not engage in peace negotiations with the Finnish government in Helsinki. Oslo, Norway, reported that more than 100 Russians had been taken prisoners by the Finns, who found them exhausted and nearly starved from lack of food. Along the arctic coast, Finnish troops were reported holding back Soviet troops, but military officials of the small army expected another Red air attack as soon as the weather clears. Heavy snow flurries seemed to have temporarily ended Red air attacks. • Blockade Clamps Down London, Dec. 4—British and French naval craft today began mobilizing in the new patrol areas of the North Sea, the Atlantic, and the Mediterranean oceans waiting for word to start the blockade against Germany. The blockade was supposed to start last night at midnight. British naval officials claimed the biggest naval victory of the war today when they reported d bomb-^ ing attack on the German naval base at Helogland. It was reported that one cruiser was sunk and that several others were damaged. Meanwhile British and French naval officers reported that a German mine layer struck a mine in the Baltic sea and sank within four minutes. Only two of the 50 crew membei’s were saved. Playshop Presents 'Wlnferse!'At7:30 Tomorrow Evening Having given a preview performance for the Annual Debaters’ Conference on December 1, “Winterset” opens its first regular performance tomorrow night in Fowler Hall. Maxwell Anderson’s love story played to capacity audiences on Broadway a few seasons ago, and was then successfully filmed in Hollywood. “Winterset” is directed by Jack W.^ Miller, with scenery and lighting designed by William L. Deam. Campus theatre-goers may get their ' reserved seats after 3 p. m. daily ■at the box office in Fowler Hall. Curtains-for. the Wednesday and Thursday night performances are at 7:30 p. m.; those for Friday and Saturday are at 8 p. m. Curtain Thursday night will not be held for the basketball game.
Forum To Discuss Dangerousness Of War Propaganda “A "complete understanding of propaganda is essential to every American who -hopes to keep the war out and keep peace in.” This statement expressed by Prof. A. H. Monroe of the speech department forms the basis for the forum which Thu Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will sponsor tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Union receptidn room. The subject, “Is Foreign Propaganda a Menace to America?” will be discussed by Professor Monroe, Prof. V. L. Albjerg of the history department, and Paul Smith, manager of the United Press Bureau at Indianapolis. Open Forum The history, psychology, and actual operation of propaganda will be discussed by experts in each of these fields. Whfen the speakers have finished their formal discussions of the subject, there will be an open forum in which the audience may ask questions of the speakers. This forum should be of particular interest to the entrants in the Mohlman intramural speech contest, for the contest will cover the subject completely, clarify confusing points, and help to make the arguments involved more effective and interesting. | Cary Club Will Pick Fuzziest Beard In Pre-Rassle Contest In conjunction with the Riveters’ Rassle Beard Contest, Cary Club will have a preliminary bout Friday evening after dinner to choose a winner to run against the multitude in the big contest later in the evening. The champion Cary beardwill be awarded a ticket refund by the Clarion, Cary Club newspaper, which is sponsoring the contest. If this champ is successful at the Rassle, he may win a similar award from Sigma Delta Chi. Judges for the contest will be Virginia Fox, Chi 0 pledge class prexy; Jane Ostrander, last year’s frosh queen; Caroline Shaw, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Peg Little, senior co-ed engineer. The girls will have dinner in the new South Hall and will inspect the fuzzy faces in the tower lounge immediately afterwards. Tea Dance . . . sponsored by the Student Union will be held today from 4 to 5:30 p. m. Music will be furnished by recordings with a ten minute interlude of piano music by Russ Mock. As in previous tea dances, cutting will be allowed only between dances. Passports will be necessary for admittance.
A Tisket,A Tasket; No Yellow Baskets; But Everything Else By Bob Weiss With two closets overflowing with objects ranging from lipsticks to slipsticks, the Student Senate lost and found bureau will be seeking new offices unless these objects are claimed soon. This bureau is attempting to meet the demand for a central lost and found service by collecting articles left unclaimed in campus buildings. These lost articles may be regained by calling at room A in the Union and identifying them. Objects Of Value Some of the material collected is undoubtedly of great value. Among these is a song sheet titled “You Taught Me To Love Again,” which shows signs of hard wear and tear. The office of the lost and found bureau has taken on the appearance of a second hand clothing and general store since the accumulation of these articles. At the last reports there had been collected 99 books and notebooks, 22 gloves, 6 scarfs, several compacts, a whole handful of pens and eversharps/ enough hhts to clothe the Zulu army, 12 coats and jackets, purses, keys, bracelets, glasses (black and white), tobacco pouch, and all the articles that one would find on the notion counter of a dime store. 'Any students who have noticed that, some of their effects are missing should call at room A of the Union. You never can tell what will be in those closets. * Virginia C. Meredith Club Plans Meeting Members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will be entertained at the club’s annual Christmas meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Christmas carols will be sung. Gloria Fox and Benedicta Gonealves, of Mexico and Brazil, respectively, will speak on Yuletide customs in their native countries. Open to all members who are interested in joining, a call-out will be made for singers for the new music group that has been formed. The interest of the girls in such an organization was proved by the results of a questionnaire presented at the first general meeting of the year. Etiquette, grooming, consumer education and hobbies are the names of the other interest groups which may be joined at individual meetings, following the general assembly. All those girls interested in attending the meeting, and who are not yet members of the Meredith Club, may obtain memberships in Miss Beeman’s office any time before the meeting. Membership stubs will be required for admittance.
SDX \To Pick Super Queens For Brawl
Members of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, are making eliminations in their “Four-Star Co-eds” contest. Three girls will be selected for their outstanding beauty, personalities ■and activities, and will be pictured in the Exposer. The paper will be distributed at the Riveters’ Rassle on Friday night, and announcement of the Four-Star Co-eds will be withheld until that time. Copy and pictures for the Exposer are now being turned in to SDX members. Prize for the most exposing picture will be a free ticket to the Rassle. “Names In News” Rasslers will dress to portray "“names in the news” or a movie characterization, and the best of the Boilermaker beards will receive prizes. The best all-around beard, the reddest beard, curliest beard, and beard most-like-peach-f’uzz will j-eceive appropriate awards. Prizes will also be awarded for the best icharacterization of a “news name,”
'Doc' Thrasher
the best couple dressed as names in the. news, and the most original and most grotesque costumes. Two bands will play for the affair. “Doc” Thrasher and his band will play in the ballroom, while the “Roaming Dutchmen,” a five-piece German band, will play in the cafeteria, parade around the halls and lounges, and play in the ballroom when Thrasher takes intermission. I Union Closed The entire Union Building will be closed off for the affair, and Boilermakers may Rassle wherever they please. Packages of confetti will be given to couples as they enter the ballroom. Tickets for the Rassle, printed in the form of a newspaper front page with a blank space for names of both ed and co-ed in the headlines, were placed on sale Friday. They may be obtained at the Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, or from any Sigma Delta Chi active or , pledge for $1.99%.
Varsity Downs Frosh 71-64 In Overtime Battle Last Night
Wildlife Subject Of Illustrated Talk By Indiana Naturalist H. H. Michaud, chief naturalist for the Indiana state parks, will be the speaker for an open meeting of the Forestry Club to be held tonight at 8 o’clock, in the horticultiure building auditorium. “Wildlife in Indiana \ State Parks” will be the
Howard H. Michaud
subject of his illustrated talk, and the general public is invited to attend. During the last six years, Michaud has served the state in his pres- ^ ent capacity, and for two years previous to that he held the position of nature guide for the parks. Last season under his supervision, 10 naturalists instructed over 60,000 park visitors in various guide activities. Beard Addresses Senate, WSGA At Informal Meeting Dr. Charles A. Beard, one of the country’s foremost historians, met with members of Student Senate and Women’s Self-Governing Association in the Reception Room of the Union last night. Ann Sickman, meeting and introduced Herb Fishburn, Student Senate president. Fishburn explained the workings of the Senate and its relative status on the campus since its revision last spring. Miss Sickman followed with a discussion of the organization and activities of W.S.G.A. A member of the audience brought up a question concerning that ancient problem of studentfaculty relations. Dr. Beard recounted his experience at Oxford university. According to his story, faculty members and students ate together in a large dining room. After meals they all retired to the ‘common’, room where informal discussions and debates were held to the benefit of all. Applying this to our situation. Dr. Beard said that it might be considered the duty of Student Senate and W.S.G.A. to investigate and see if more of this informal education might be possible here. He mentioned that he had just attended dinner as a guest of one of the Cary Hall units. “After dinner,” he said, “a fair percentage of the men gathered around for what proved to be a very lively discussion.” In succeeding statements. Dr. Beard indicated that this might bean indication of a trend towards the return of informal education. Voting Machines ... for the Junior Prom and Gala Week elections, being held in the Union one week from today, have been obtained from the county by the Student Senate which is in charge of voting arrangements.
'Splinter' Johnson Leads Rhinie's Offensive With 24-Point Spree Sixty minutes of torrid basketball failed to decide the issue last night as the varsity and the freshmen were tied 60-60 and it took an overtime period to give the upperclassmen a 71-64 victory, in the Fieldhouse last night. The game was a real opener for another typical Boilermaker basketball season, full of thrills that kept the crowd on edge despite the fact that the two teams played a total of three halves of a regular game. " " III There wasn’t much doubt in the
Mohlman Contest Sponsors Practice Sessions Tonight Preliminary rounds of the Mohlman discussion tournament will get under way tonight at 8 o’clock in 19 fraternity houses with a practice discussion designed to acquaint participants with the regular routine that will be followed. This preliminary practice is compulsory to those who -wish to enter the regularly scheduled rounds. The topic under discussion tonight is “Propaganda.” Anyone may enter the discussion groups who wishes, fraternity, sorority, or residence hall. Each team is composed of ten members. The discussions -will continue for five weeks and will be held every Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the various fraternity houses. Individual Scoring. Chairmen for each discussion group have been selected from the speech classes. Members of the Forensic Board have announced that this practice session will not be judged, but that the following rounds will be scored. Scoring will be conducted on an individual basis; but the total numbers of points 'will be checked, final judging being based on fraternity against -fraterfiity, and sorority against sorority. A trophy will be awarded to the fraternity or hall, or the sorority or hall which receives the highest number of points during the five group discussions. Members of the Forensic Board, Frank Caldwell and Lucy Demoret, are in charge of arrangements for the discussion groups.
spectators’ minds who the star of the game was. Splinter Johnson, a member of last year’s Frankfort state championship team, did everything but carry the waterbucket as he score a total of 24 points to take the high scoring position of the evening without much trouble. The varsity seemed headed for an easy -victory as they led 58 to 48 with just seven minutes to play, but Johnson and his able band of assistants were not ready to quit. Dimcan dropped one in and then Splinter began to shower the basket, getting three two-pointers to tie it up and then two fouls to give the greenies the lead. Sprowl, sophomore flash, then sank a last second basket to knot the score up and send the game into the overtime period. Overtime In the overtime the varsity, led by the same Frosty Sprowl, easily took the lead over the tiring freshman team and coasted in with the scoreboard reading 71 to 64. The opening of the game was strictly a class battle, the sophomores against the yearlings. The opening lineup for the varsity included Blanken and Sprowl at forwards, Neutzel at center, and Caress and Tierney at the guard positions while the freshmen were playing with Seaborg and Hoffman at forwards, Johnson at center and Duncan and Rasnnond at the guard spots. What is generally conceded to be the top five with Igney and Fisher at forwards, Weber at center, and Beretta and Yeager at the guard posts saw only a few minutes action in the second half. Fisher wearing his new unbreakable glasses, garnei-ed nine points in the short time he was in to bring back memories to the old fans. Gimlet, Reamers
Co-ed Posture Clinic To Finish
Conducts First Drill
In Memorial Gym The first meeting of the posture clinic for all co-eds, sponsored by the department of physical education for women, was held yestei'day afternoon in the corrective room of the Women’s Gymnasium. “The achievement of good posture is not a matter of strenuous exercise,” explained Prof. Marion Russell, director of the clinic, “but rather one of learning certain fundamentals of body structure and movement. A body which is carried in the most skillful manner also tends to be an attractive one.” Posture Pictures The proof of Miss Russell’s statement is amply verified by the posture pictures taken periodically of all freshmen and sophomores. Postural defects are diagnosed by the clinic and individual instruction to correct them is given. All co-eds who made a grade below B on their posture pictures are particularly encouraged to come and take the special corrective exercises which will be done with stall-bars, wands, and other corrective. apparatus. The posture clinic is a part of the regular corrective program sponsored by the department of physical education for women which also includes a foot clinic, held every Tuesday afternoon.
Reamers and Gimlets took the floor between halves of the fresh-man-varsity game in the Fieldhouse last night to give the spectators a glimpse of basketball as* it should really be played ... in an insane asylum. Between basketball, cards, and a dice game, the boys really had a sporting good time. The game started legally with the regular center jump, but the ball w^s thrown so high that the six Reamer centers didn’t have a chance to get it. The “little man who wasn’t there” got the ball on the second cranium bounce and went end for two yards before he was hit—and knocked ten more. Beauties Introduced The game ended with both clubs at the et^d of the floor waiting for a chance to view the four beauty queens but Bill Dunshee smelled a rat, in fact quite a few of them,\and waited until the second half ended to intrdoduce them. At this time Vivian Dickerson, Wilma Bear, Frances Lloyd, and Jeanette Haines took the floor. The score? A 2-0 scoreless.'tie with both teams on the losing end. Anyway, what’s in a score? Besides, the scorekeeper lost the line-
ups.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Hugh Blackwell, Wyoming, Ohio; Mark Hewlett, Evanston, III., and Tom Peppier, Baltimore, Md.. - ■
■ \
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
But
Inddentally
By Vladimir We’ve heard a lot about honesty, but the best story of the present year comes to us from a fomer Purdue student who is now attending the University of Dehver, in Denver, Colo. ^ ' It seems the professors out there trust their students. In one class, the professor handed out a three hour test and walked out of the room. He stuck his head in the door to tell the students that if they wished to smoke they would find cigarettes in his desk.
s}< *
He never entered the room again. * * * The students worked on the test for an hour or so. •Then some of them stepped out into the hall for a smoke. Our correspondent listened to their conversation for over 20 minutes and not once was the test discussed or allied subjects raised. When they had gone back and finished the test, they placed their papers on the professor’s desk and left.
* ♦
Twenty-seven per cent of the students failed to pass the test. H! * * Two students, for their own reasons, weren’t able to take the test at that time. They were given copies of the test and told to work it out at home.
One of them received a D. * * * There’s only one thing we can think of to say in connection with all this—“It Can’t Happen Here.” * * * We can imagine what Would happen if a Purdue professor walked out of a three hotn: exam. ^ ♦ The class would probably turn in mimeographed copies of their answers. * * * We personally have long been set against fellows who copy off the papers of others. It all happened in a military class in om’ freshman year. We were struggling with some ten questions when we happened to notice that the' fellow next to us was
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Maxeh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provMed for in section 110€, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Janas' 20, 1922. Fubiished daily except Monday during the r^ular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
K. E. Insley........ W. E. Smith - D. G. Terrio. G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonini.^ G. Schilling........ R. Jenkins..—
... ;....Editor-in-Ohlef Business manager ............EdHorial Director Managing Editor .......Senior Advertising Manager Oo-ed Editor Sports Editor
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. E. Heiple J. H. McKee ' M. L. Mien J. C. Wlllser D.
Junior Staff Business R. Fisher R^HaU A. Hite M. Hagem^er T. Petty G: Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M.Burtefleld G.CarroU B. Simpson
J.' Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPNESENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTieiNO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUege Publishers Repre^Ustive 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. Chicago * boston • Los Angelse ■ san Frascisco f This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student ojiinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Tuesday, December 6, 1939 Night Editor^Heiple Issue Editor—^Kennedy
overly interested in our paper. He was diligently copying our answers. Oh well, we thought manfully, he is just cheating himself. And cheaters never win. When the tests came back, we were proud to see that we had pulled down a 90. Then just to satisfy ourselves, we glanced over to see how low he had fallen. , * * :l< He had a 95.
£jtfw/L £dlJtA.
Uncle Sam’s postman brings us “All-Radio All-American” gridiron team which CBS’s ace sportscaster, Ted Husing, has picked from the players he has seen in action this year while covering the major games. Here’s the team: LE—Dave Rankin Purdue LT—Marshall Shires Tennessee LG—Howie Dunbar ............Cornell C—Fi’ank Finneran Cornell RG—Ben Sohn S. California RT—Harry Stella Army RE—Blaine Currence ...Missouri QB—Sam Bartholomew ..Tennessee LHB—Grenny Lansdell.....-S. Calif. RHB—Whit Baker Cornell FB—Milt Piepul Notre Dame —e-e— Will Rogers, Jr., will be the guest of Ben Alexander on the Little 01’ Hollywood program tonight over WENR at 8 p. m. Rogers will be interviewed and many interesting anecdotes about his father ■will be brought out during the conversation. —e-e— The latest word on the Artie Shaw situation is Tony Pastor taking over the band as a front-man, with a cooperative setup similar to Casa Loma. There are also strong possibilities of a name singer being brought in as baton-'waver.
Rudy Valee -will again be on the Chase and Sanborn Hour next Sunday. Though he was originally signed for four weeks so that Don Ameche could vacation, this next will be his fifth. Should the doctor say nix to Don, Rudy will take over the spot permanently.
Gale Page and Jim Ameche will present a comedy drama when they co-star in “Don’t Lie to Me” on the Hollywood Playhouse tomorrow night at 7 o’clock on WENR. Bud McQuarrie (Ameche), on his way to keep an appointment" with a friend, finds himself in a crowd in a big store. Hatless (becaus^ that’s cheaper than having an old hat cleaned), he is mistaken for a floor walker by Bethany Day (Gale Page)—with amusing and almost devastating results.
73 for another day. Dr. f. B, Knight . . . head of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak today at the annual state convention of the Indiana Association of county and township school officials, which is to be held in Indianapolis. His address, one of the principal talks of the afternoon program, will be entitled, “Plain Talk About Township Schools.” Phi Kappa Sigma ... social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: J. H. Strange, Frankfort; W. H. Vick, Cleveland, Ohio; J. A. Zuck, Howe; J. M. Brophy, Chicago; C. P. Davidson, Portland; Ed Boedeker, Fort Wayne.
Gephart Sets Grand Prize At Exhibit Of Camera Club The Annual Fall Exhibit of the Camera Club, now on display in the upper hall of the Union, will continue until Saturday, December 9, according to William Hedden, president of the club. Pictures are divided into four classes with prizes for each. The grand prize went to W. F. Gephart. Further prizes were: advanced amateur class portrait division: first prize, W. F. Gephart; second prize, F. J. Hickman; miscellaneous division: first prize. Bill Hedden; second prize, Vivian Dickerson; landscape division: .first prize, W. F. Gephart; second prize, Vivian Dickerson; amateur class landscape division; first prize, F. W. Apsey; second prize, F. W. Apsey; third prize, W. W. Caple; miscellaneous division: first prize, F. W. Apsey; second prize, F. W. Apsey; third prize, G. R. Towle. Judges were Prof. J. L. Bray, Prof. E. J. Kohl, and Prof. P. A. Tetrault’.
MARS TODAY-WEDNESDAY
WIUIAM
POWEII MYRNA lOY
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO SMASH HITS KILLER vs. KILLER Will Cagney Take It When Raft Dishes It Out? JAMES CAGNEY / GEORGE RAFT — IH — "EACH DAWN I DIE" —PLUS—The Angels Go Straight - - - and All for a Dame!
LU^ TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
"Ultie Caesar as Hinge! the Binamiters! His Most Powerful Dramatic Hit!
PLUS —2nd FEATURE-
Two little "racket-dears" who steal a million laughs I
ummsiu TODAY - WEDNESDAY DiRMN
//A'.v/ /am
Halm PARRISH • Rabart STACK Eugana mmi • Uwls HOWARD June Storey tLeatrlce Joy — PLUS — "RUBINOFF AND HIS VIOLIN"
"DRUNK DRIVING" CRIME DOESN'T PAY FEATURETTE
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
'SUNSET TRAIL" — WITH — WILLIAM BOYD —Also — 'RED BARRY," Serial
Tuesday# December 5. 1939
GHIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ATTENTION, MEN: If you haven’t time to grow a beard for the Sigma Delta Chi Dance, why not take one with you? t For the lowly sum of $1,995 you can take the “Belle of New Orleans,” Ann Beard or the “Maid of Indianapolis,” Mary Beard, and win a prize! .. . Get it? . —B & B— DEBRIS beauty Jeannette Haynes had two dates with Sully Mason this past week end . . . guess Sully can still judge Purdue beauties or could it be that Jeannette just couldn’t get out of the Sunday date? —B & B— NEWS ... ... when DEBRIS Mgr. McNeil goes to English class that is unusual ... but when he takes his IMPORT to class with him, that is NEWS! —E & B— ... and just to show the campus how impartial they are, the entire male staff of the DEBRIS imported for the week end ... or is that just to show that they don’t trust «their own judgment ? , ——^B & B— TRAVELING PIN MAN . . . . . . Bill Catterall, Interfraternity Prexy, went to the National Fraternity Conclave and still had time to stop at West Virginia and put out his pin on a Miss Kitty Lemly, a Chi Omega. The story is that Bill met Kitty this summer when he was out at Sputhern Cal. . . . it appears that our. Pi Kappa Phi prexy goes in for Chi Os. , —B&B— Today we must admit defeat. When it comes to snooping, your editor is slipping because we have been unable to find out who belongs to the Beta pin that Theta Marg Seibert is wearing . . . of course Marg, you realize that it can’t be the real thing until we publish his name so the rest of the eds can boycott you. —B & B— Your artijstic editor was invited to see a preview of the pictures that are to appear in the EXPOSER the night of the Rassle and you can take my word that it will be worth your two bucks to see them . . . if your picture appears, you probably won’t stay to dance. —B&B— The Phi Delts requested some ad-
"I brought back your lawn mower, Ed! May I borrow your snow shovel ?”
vice to the Lovelorn so here is lesson number one. Where should the tourniquet be placed on those who love wisely but none too well ? . . . The heck. —B&B— Yes, the Kappas slipped this year on the beauty contest, but the Alpha Chis are smiling at last. The Thetas are still batting .500 . . . two out of four ... we still think that our “Dream Girl” goes to high school at-Podunk.
Purdue Engineer ... for December -will be a special welding issue devoted to welding^ processes and developments. The leading article by H. C. Boardman, Research Engineer for the American Bridge Company, is a summary of welding history and processes. Other articles deal with the new welding lab here at Purdue, shielded arc welding of rail ends, and various interesting welding notes.
NEW ADULT BALLROOM BEGINHii^'S CLASS OFENS WEDNESDAY# DEC, 6th# 7:30 P. M. in ten easy enjoyable lessons you will learn to dance the waltz, and the fast and slow fox trot. No lessons given during holiday vacation. All classes are under the direction of P. M. Allen, National Dance Authority. ALLEN’S 6.h & Ferry
We’re all excited oibout introducing this new perfume, called MAIS OUl because it’s saucy# flirtatious# captivating ... in other words# because it’s different in the most beguiling way. Besides Mais Oui Perfume, $1.25 to $10,00# there are other superb Mais Oui Preparations created by BOURJOIS
LOEB &HENC COMPANY
/Af j.?
Tuesdciy, December 5» 1939
£xfu>mnL Spo^
n 1. 1^*4'
Squash Team Downs Dearborn Club, 3-2 For Initial Victory Capturing three matches, while the Dearborn Club of Chicago was successful in only two, Coach Clevett’s squash squad annexed its initial victim of the season in a match at the'Windy City last Saturday afternoon. For the Boilermakers, Capt. Eberhard led off with a win over Dearborn’s Harmon, 3-0. The other Riveter victories were scored in hardfought matches by Morley and Blessing over Bliss and Isenglass,
Miss Dorolhy Arvidson 8 Howitzor Squads
To Compete Tonight
. . . freshman home ec student, was chosen champion girl 4-H club leader of the United States at the International Live Stock show in Chicago Saturday. As a result of her triumph. Miss Arvidson will receive a leadership trophy and a $300 scholarship. In addition, she will be a special guest this week at the eighteenth national
4-H congress.
with both matches ending in a 3-2 margin. Giving the Dearborn Club its pair of wins. Checker and Harmon outscored Munro and Adams, respectively, by scores of 3-1.
PURDUE JEWELRY AT PRICES YOU CAN PAY
Compacts Key Chains Bracelets
Key Charms Cigarette Cases Watch Fobs
PURDUE 5c, $1.00 AND UP STORE
314 STATE STREET
Stocked in wools and corduroy, sizes 36 to 46, plaids and plain colors.
$5-95 . $9-45
^llllillll
4 The Surcoot points the way to new wind-and-weather proof comfort — wafipth — extra protection when and where you want it. And Sis new type of TALON* fastener closure gives you smart, neat appearance that belies your coat's easy freedom in action. Ideal for spectatbr or semi-active sports — for campus wear—for outdoor occasions in any kind of weather. *R«4.U.S.PatOff.,T.,tnc. THIS WAY FOR OTHER OUTDOOR NECESSARIES
MUFFLERS $1.00 up GLOVES $1.95 up WOOL SOX $ .50 up
FLANNEL SHIRTS .$1.65 up SWEATERS $2.50 up JACKETS $6.50 up
In Drills At Armory Starting at 6:46 this evening and continuing until 8:46, 104 ROTC students will see what they can do in the Howitzer squad competition. These squads have been drilling for the past month on the :l,66-mm howitzer field piece. Their proficiency will be judged by a board of officers selected from the military' department. The winning squad and the runner-up will receive medals, citations, and merits. Stands ai:e being put up in the Armory to accommodate those who wish to witness the performance this evening, as the eight squads, each commanded by a junior cadet officer, go through their paces. The competition will consist of three parts including: characteristics of the 166-mm howitzer, inspection of personnel, and standing gun drill and service of the piece. The junior cadet officers in charge of the sections are: Teeter, Carmichael, Keane, Hawker, Harver, Siljander, Golding, Bruch, Blakslee, Klinker, Wheeler, Murray, Slate, Richardson, Aull, and Krauch.
QhoixjL By Robert J. Deckard Hectic is the juste mot for Western Conference’s 1939 football campaign ... Unusual upsets featured in the playing of the games, indirectly figured in the final standings, as did 16 - dozen other crazy things that just make us wonder if we’re in our right minds, or if football is just plain nuts. —^fc— Par exemplie, take a look out Iowa way . . . Last year the Hawkeyes managed to lick Chicago for their only win and this year were expected to finish in the conference cellar ... But what happened? Personally, we don’t know what occurred in the corn-belt region, but something got into the Hawks, and they played awe-inspiring ball and made a sensational rise to the top of the Big Ten heap that’s become the talk of the sports world. —^fc— Not figured to make a great showing this year in the conference was Ohio State, whom experts picked to head the second division . . . Another surprise popped out of the sports jack-box-. . . The Buckeyes opened up an attack, both defensively and offensively, that turned the sportlight of the nation toward the Columbus institution. —^fc— The once-proud Minnesota Gophers played as well as could be expected with the material they had . . . winning only three games, Bernie Bierman’s North Woods lads wound up in division two . . . Then Michigan, who started the season like a house afire, folded up, after being paid the pre-season honor of being one of the toughest in the
Interfraternity Swimming Meet Begins Today At 4 In Field house Beginning at 4 o’clock the Interfraternity swimming meet will get under way this afternoon in the Fieldhouse swimming pool. Entries in each event on the program will be limited to two men from each fraternity, with the single exception of the two relay events. The meet will be under the rules of the conference which limits the number of events to three for which any one man may participate, including the relays. 1— - in order to allow members of the country. various teams to get additional inl_fc ** structions. Coach Papenguth will be
glad to have them report to him either today or tomorrow between 10 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 4 p. m. All members of the varsity swimming team are ineligible for inter-frater-
nity competition. Today’s Schedule
4:10—Medley Relay, 3 men 50 yard backstroke. 50 yard breaststroke.
50 yard crawl.
4:30—100 yard backstroke. 4:50—100 yard breaststroke 6:10—100 yard free style.
The “biggest - bust - of-the-year” award, without hesitation, goes to Northwestern .. . Coach Lynn Waldorf’s Wildcats turned out to be as gentle as pussies . . . NU was selected to finish the season as potential conference champs, but the
sledding got to rough.
—^fc—
Chicago was expected to wind up in the cellar again but not to allow such prodigious margins in the scores of its games . . . The result was that Midway students clamored for egurgitation of football at Chicago or lighten the schedule to keep the Maroons from being the laugh-ing-stock of the nation.
—fc—
Wisconsin, figured to be strong, failed miserably . . . The Badgers just didn’t click, except against Marquette, whom they beat, and Purdue, whom they tied . . . Illinois, after getting off to a poor start, forgot early-season defeats, smacked Michigan in the puss, and finally gathered more momentum by winning two out of its three remaining
games. —fc—
Oh, yes, Purdue and Indiana . . . The Boilermakers were reckoned very highly in pre-season forecasts, but failed to live up to expectations by playing very erratic ball . . . Well, the Cream and Crimson just went to the same picnic the Boilermakers attended.
SCOBEE'S STUDIO Photographs make lovely gifts If you are planning to give them for Christmas, make reservations for your sitting early. We have a complete line of frames in glass, leather, metal, and wood
PHONE 2343
105 VINE
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
'-A CHRISTMAS HINT
Your Christmas packages reflect your personality. Be sure to wrap each gift yowsend attractively ond distinctively. You'll be surprised to find how simple and inexpensive it is to do so with papers, seals, ribbons, and tags chosen from our complete showing of Christmas gift wrapping. DECKER'S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
Mars Will Present 'On Borrowed Time' “On Borrowed Time,” the Dwight Wiman hit of last season, is to be presented here next Saturday in the Legitimate Theater Corporation of America series at the Mars theater. There is no juvenile with a matinee profile, no glamour girl, no boy-meet-girl interest, but it has instead a love interest which is far more powerful: the love of Gramps for his young grandson is intense, enough to hold Death itself away. Although the play has all the elements of tragedy at its command, it chooses to be comedy. One of the main characters is Death in the role of Mr. Brink, yet death seems to have no “sting”. The result is that the audience associates itself with the characters on the stage, and Mr. Brink appears devoid of terror or the mysticism which generally clouds the role of Death in plays. Finally they are convinced, as Gramps is, that Mr. Brink isn’t too bad a fellow and that the world needs him.
Addressing
. . . the WSGA sophomore training school, Mary Jane Darr and Treva Berry will speak at the fourth meeting in room C of the Union tomorrow at 4 p. m. They will discuss the activities and responsibilities of student-fac-ulty relations and social committees. Since the two groups have been combined, there will be only one meeting a week hereafter.
CAMERA FILM SPECIAL OFFER TO STUDENTS ONE Y
6 ROLLS^^II SIZE—in-IIS & m-61S—5 ROUS— This offer made by one of the world’s Oldest film manufacturers, cooperanne with us to encourage amateur photography and better pictures. Order at once and make this 7Sc saving. also SPECIAL STUDENTS FINISHING SERVICE Mail your roll film (aoyiuake) to us for Oavelopms aod printing and recrivo 8 DOUBLE SIZE OC0 PRINTS for only (16 Exposure Rolls 45c) Send Coin with Film MAIL PHOTO SERVICE PRINCETON. IND.
MARS —ONE DAY ONLY— SATURDAY, DEC. 9 MATINEE AND NIGHT
Pieiu York Stage Suctest
ON BORROWED TIME
Starring TAYLOR HOLMES anJ an exctllent coil incMmg •RANOON TOMMY WUMA PETERS .LEWIS.FRAMCIS "The best comedy I've seen in years." —GEO M. COHAN A STAGE FLAT —NOT A FICTIIRf
Box Office Open Daily 11 :D0 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
-Tax
All Swto Resorvtd PlMw 7909 30Q Matinee Seats at 55c. /‘I"
-r-"" f
■’ V ^ ^ ^ ^ vi^ ,4 ^ i { fw
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
tuesday, December 5, 1939
Graduate Students Can Compete In Intramurals Lately tliere have been questions laised a« to the eligibility of graduate students to paiticipate in Intrainui al competition According to woid leceived fiom the Intraniuial office, giaduates may paiticipate in All-Campus touineys, but may not compete in Intel fiateinitv oi Ward contest^ Anj inf 1 action of the lules that is bi ought to the attention of the Intramural Depaitment will cause an automatic foifeit by the offending team Dr. A. A4. Brunson of the Botany Department of the Univeisity Agiicultural Experiment Station has leturned from a meeting of the National Corn Improvement Confeience held in Columbia, Mo , at which he was elected to the conference chanmanship foi the next two and one-half years. Di A J Ullstiap, G M Smith, and Cliff Old Heyne, all of the Botany Depaitment of the Expeiiment Station^^ accompanied Dr. Biunson on the tnp Dr. F. A. Thomson piesident of the Montana School of Mines and chairman of the Mineial Industiies Education^ Division of the AIME, will speak at the AIME meeting today at 4 "45 p 111 in loom 302 of the new chemical and metalluigical engineering building
—Today— 11‘00—The Dentist Says. 11 IS^Saiii Hamilton, pianist 11 SO—The Home Makeis. 11 50 —Puidue News Flashes. 12 00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12 15—Edwaid Joyce, accordian. 12 30—-Luncheon Dance Time. I’OO—Monitor Views the News 1 15—Electiical Shops 1 30—Keeping Ahead of the Jones 1 45—-Market Reports. 2 00—Ameiican Legion Auxiliary. 2 15—Virginia Reed, violinist 2 30—You and Youi Child 2 45—Treasure Chest 3 00—The Voice of Industry—The Story of Lumber. 3 15—Paul Mitchell, popular songs 3 30—Glenn Paxton, oigamst. 4 00—^Heialds of Destiny 4 15—Exponent of the An. 4 30—Romney H. S 4 45—Story Book Hour.
Improve Your Dancing By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS FOR ADULTS Thurs., Dec. 7th, 7:30 p. m. No lessons given during holiday vacation. Phone 2150. Enroll Now ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
iir>i
PEGGY SAGE’S NEW POLISH SHADE For hands that cast a spell I T’S the live cyclamen-pastel that lights the head-diesses of Spambh beauties... to wear with royal blues, plums, teal, gray, white and evening pastels. SIXTY CENTS The polish women say ’'wears like iron" lOCB&HCNICOMMKV
Horticulture Society Schedules Banquet Meeting m the home economics cafeteria Thursday, December 7, at 6 p m, the Horticulture Society will hold its annual banquet. This banquet is in recognition and appieciation of the assistance rendered by students during the horticulture show. All horticultuie students are invited and may receive free tickets from Prof. Stair. There will be an address ^ the new dean of the Agriculture School, H. J. Reed A graduate of the agriculture school will show pictures The banquet will end before the basketball game
/-M Schedules BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Swing 7 00^—Sigma Nu vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 7 16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Sigma Kappa 8 16—Acacia vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8 30—Kappa Delta Eho vs Alpha Gamma Rho Court 2—Rechenbach 7 00 —Phi Kappa Tau vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7 16—Sigma Alpha Mn vs Pi Kappa Alpha 8 16—Delta Chi vs Theta Xi 8 30—Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Sigma Psi Couit 3—Biindiise 7 00—Triangle vs Theta Tau 7 16—Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Sigma Phi 8 16—Phi Kappa Psi vs Pi Kappa Phi 8 30—Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Court 4—Witsman 7 00 Ward 4 vs Ward 26 7 15—Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Pi 8 16-—Delta Upsilon vs Phi Kappa 8 30—Ward 2 vs Waid 25
Christian Science Organization: Ihe regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
\ :
Purdue Peace Fellowship: Meeting at , esley Foundation Tuesday, December 6, at 7:30 pl m —SMITH
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting at 6 p. m. Tuesday, December B, at Sigma Nu house —CATTERALL.
Gimlet: All pledges and actives meet at Sigma Phi Epsilon house Wednesday, Decembei 6, at 7 p m for initiation. Pledges bring necessary supplies and $5 60 —FRAZEE
Dolphin Members and Pledges: The Dolphin-Triton Swim has been postponed until 8 00 p m. Tuesday, December B, 1939 at the Women’s pool. No swim Thursday. —OBENCHAIN.
Gold Peppery: Meeting Tuesday, December B, at 4 p m in room A of the Union. Important. Pull attendance is expected, as dinner plans will be discussed —MITCHELL
Newton, Stickrod, Yeoman, Sommer, and Baumgartner —^WOODS. All Horticulture Students: The horticulture banquet will be held Thursday, December 7, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria Get your free tickets from the Horticulture office immediately. You will get out m time foi the basketball game. —FRANTZREB.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Short business meeting Tuesday, December 6, at 7 ;30 in Union —CARPENTER
PI A Board^JH^mbers: PI A board meeting will be held at 7 IB p m Tuesday, December B Come dressed for picture —HINSHAW.
Purdue Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, December 6, in room F of the Union —DENZLER
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive meeting Wednesday, December 6, at 8 p. m in room F of the Union, —McCAMMON
ASME Members: Meeting Wednesday, December 6, at 7 "SO p. m in Mechanical building, room 108 Membership cards and pins, which are here for most of the members, will be distributed at the conclusion of the meeting —BRYAN
PIA Dance Class: The class will meet Wednesday, December 6, at 4 p m in the Union ballroom Everyone please attend. —LUTZ
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE—Model T Ford coupe. New battery, tires and tubes. Heater. Depend•able transportation. Phone 86801.
Fingerprinling
. . . students in the great hall of the Union, members of Alpha Phi Omega, scouting honorary, will be on duty today through Friday from 9 to 12 a m and from 1 to 6 p. m. Seventy-five were printed yesterday, the prints being filed with the Lafayette police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Each per son receives for himself an identification card with his thumb print on it.
SQU’XSH Today Court 1 >- 7 00—Alpha Chi Rho 8 00—Alpha Gamma Rho Court 2— 7 00—Alpha Sigma Phi 8 00—Delta Chi Court 3— 7 00—Delta Tau Delta 8 00—Delta Upsilon
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation and banquet Wednesday, December 6, at 6 p m in the Old Chestnut room. —ESTEY.
GE 35 Examination for lemoval of C grades in Machine Shop, GE 8B, will be given Saturday, December 16, room 101, Golden Shops Students taking examination will register in room 109 before Friday, December 16 —OWEN Delta Rho Kappa: Pledges, initiation 5 :30 p m Wednesday, December 6, room F of the Union —ESTEY
Union Sophomores: The swing session and variety hour staff will meet outside the Union office at 4 p m Tuesday, December 6 The following are expected to attend Hepburn, Howkinson, Bain, Farber, Masline, Schalik, Widman, Kistler, Lee,
FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76 Sl^pplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6pm Minimum $2 00—$2.60. All night
YWCA Members: All girls interested in settlement house woik meet in YWCA office Tuesday, December 5, at 4 p m 1 —SCHWAB.
Sigma Delta Chi: Veiy Important meeting Tuesday December 6, at 7 30 p m in the PIA office Bring your copy —TERRIO Purdue Radio Guild- Meeting Saturday, December 9, at 4 16 p m m the old Ag office of the Union Program. —MILLER
HE GETS "AROUND" He's no Robert Taylor, perhaps, but you can be sure that there are mighty few feminine hearts that aren't all fluttery about him just the same! HIS SECRET He knows the value of smart, personal appearance. For one thing ... he only wears "Dated Laundered Shirts." They're the shirts that are laundered so carefully that Crown Laundry can afford to make a one year guarantee oin them . . . provided they're laundered by Crown Laundry exclusively. ©DOT Immm FINE CLEANENS OF FINE CLOTHES
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK t 4th & Main Phono 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19V'2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Florists
• Tailor
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
SFARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts,
• Dine
• Jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
THE ALL-AMERICAN CHOICE FOR
Selection. Zsmotedevery one sm
AND BETTER TASTE IS CHESTERFIELD’S RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos A\4ien you ask for Chesterfields you’re buying something no other cigarette can give you at any price . . . the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos. All over America millions of smokers find that Chesterfields give them a cooler, better-tasting and definitely milder smoke.
I
% X s xsx V V
msyREAUY hSAT/SFyM
C opynght 1939, Liggett & Mytrs Tobacco Co