PI
Dr. E. C. Elliott Starts Twenty-Second Year As President Today
Today, as the University begins i its 70th year, President Edward C. Elliott, will start his 22nd year as the chief executive of one of the leading agriculture and engineering ** universities of the world. The phenomenal growth, of this University started On September 1, 1922 when ^ Dr. Elliott took over his job as President of the University. Dr. Elliott was actually elected to the chief executive’s poSt on May ^ 16, 1922, whenjbhe BoUrd of Trust tees chose him to take over the post y formerly held by Dr. Winthrop E. Stone, who was killed while on a vacation trip in the Canadian Rock-
ies July 17, 1921. Dr, Stone served 21 years and 41 days, which is the nearest any president has come to Dr. Elliott’s mark of service. Seven Othw Presidents Seven ower men have sepred as head of the University since it was organized in the early seventies. Col. Richard Owen, a member of the famous Owen family of New Harmony, Indiana, was the fiVst president, serving from August 13,1^72, to March 1,1874. He resigned a few days before the first students began classes. Abram C. Shortridge was the second president, serving from June
10, 1874, until December 31, 1875. Prof. John S. Hougham' served as acting president until .Dr. E. E. White assumed the post. 'He held the chief executive’s post from May 1, 1876, until August 31, 1883. Dr. James H. Smart was president of the University from September 1, 1883 until his death on February 21, 1900. Dr. Stone was appointed June 6, 1900, and served until the unfortunated accident that brought his death in 1921. Henry W. Marshall, publisher of the Lafayette JournalCourier, then president of the Board of Trustees served as acting presi-
dent until the selection of Dr. Elliott. . A National Education Leader Important event^^ have taken place at the University during Dr. Elliott’s 21 years at the University. The enrollment has grown from 3,110 to 7,121*full time students. Dr. Elliott has watched the engineering enrollmeht grow and place the University at the top of all engineering schools in the country, a place it has held for at least 16 years. He has seen the number of buildings grow from few^r than 60 to over 70, and the value of University property more than quadruple.
Besides the physical changes on the campus the University has become one of the leading centers in the nation in industrial, as well as agricultural research. The creation of the University Research Foundation was basically an idea developed by Dr. Elliott and David E. Ross, former president of the Board ^ of Trustees. The Research Foundation has served as the pattern for severaf similar organizations in other states to finance and expand the research work in institutions of learning. o Extension work of the University has gfown until more than three
million persons every year get direct help in meeting their every day. problems in farm, home, factory, or business. Conferences and short courses held at the University in normal times have expanded from a half dozen a year to more than 90 a year. The attendance at these courses have grown from three or four thousand annually to more than 40,000. Looking Ahead When Dr. Elliott was asked what might be expected in the post war era, he went to a desk in his back office and took out of a drawer a statement he wrote some 20 years
ago soon after coming to the University. The statement .said that th« primary aim and purpose of tft® University is to render aid to th« citizens of the State “in meeting their needs for higher education and for scientific service.” After reading the statement for a second time, Dr. Elliott remarked: “It is just as true today as it waa then and it is going to be even mot9 true after the war because we will have more students who will demand more than ever before. Our opportunities will be greater and likewise our responsibilities will b« heavier than ever before.” *
Fitness For The Fight
\
Established 1889
xfMiefu • WELCOME, FRESHMEN
Volume 56, No. 48
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, August 31, 1943
Registration To Open This Morning
Gallienne, British Consul, To Talk At First Convocation Tomorrow
You who are entering Purdue for this first mid-term belong to an extraordinary group to be fitted into the extraordinary war calendar of the University. In the past, freshmen came to the campus expecting to regain for the usual four years. The most of you do not have such a prospect for the future. How long you remain depends, in some degree, upon you. For the most part, the demanding circumstances of war will determine your days on the Purdue campus. Whether your stay be short or long, one question should have a first place in your daily plans and actions. Everything that is done must be a part of your preparation for some form of national service. The Nation holds a first mortgage upon your strength of body, mind and spirit. This mortgage may become due any day. Here you will be surrounded by men in uniform. You will be expected to be as well disciplined, as ready for duty, and as capable for doing as these men are. You are a part of the united power of the University which has been promised the Nation. The entire University wishes you well during your Purdue days. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
University Instructors Publish Article In Power . A. S. Hall and Dr. R. C. Binder, of the University’s mechanical engineering school, are 3oint authors of an article titled, “A Direct Caculation of Gas Pressiuc Diop in Pipes” appealing in the August, 1943, issue of Power. The computation is a compara-
tively simple one which can be easily followed; whereas other solutions introduce more difficult and complicated approaches. Folk Dance Party . . . sponsored by the Women’s Physical Education Department, will be given tomoriow evening fiom 7:30 to 9 in Memorial Gym. All students will be admitted free, dates aie not necessary.
Upperclassmen Will Begin Registration Tuesday; Continue Through Wednesday
il-Zz al-Wik, -Wak f-Th -Ste i-Sk i-Sch is-Qz of-Pai im-Nee am-Mil ip-Mal (incl Me and Mac) v-Loo
Kel . •-Hn . , -Haq . :-Goe . -Fow i-El i-Dem Com
Tuesday, August 31
9:11- 9: 9:30-10
10:00-10: 10:30-11: 11:00-11; 11:30-12;
1:00- 1 1.30- 2 2:00- 2 2:30- 3 8-00- 3 3:30- 4
;30 A.M. .00 A.M. :30 A.M. :00 A.M. ;30 A.M. ;00 A.M. .30 P.M. 00 P.M. :30 P.M. :00 P.M. .30 P.M. :00 P.M.
Wednesday, September 1
4.00- 4-30 P.M. 4:30- 6:00 P.M.
Bir 3 ah
8-00- 8, 8:30- 9; 9.00- 9; 9:30-10; 10:00-10; 10:30-11; 11:00-11 11:30-12 I'OO- 1 1-30- 2 2:00- 2 /
30 A.M. 00 A.M. :30 A.M. :00 A.M. :30 A.M. ;00 A.M. ;30 A.M. :00 A.M. 30 P.M. .00 P.M. :30 P.M.
Exponent To Plan Service Men's Girl Contest Which serviceman has the most beautiful girl? That is what is to be found out in the Photographic competition that is being run by your Exponent. Anyone who thinks his sweetheart, Wife, or best girl is pretty, and who doesn’t, should enter her picture in the contest and see which service; army, navy or marines can produce the most beauty. The idea is to select two feminine photographs from each of the three branches of the service and submit these pictures to a board of experts to decide the final winner of the contest. A preliminary choice will be made and the 30 semi-finalists’ pictures will be posted in the Union. Then will be the chance for the servicemen to vote for those girls who seem to them to be most attractive. The voting form will be printed in the Exponent and when the result is computed the six winners, two from each service, will be presented to the board for final judgment. The pictures of the three winners will be printed and the one supreme winner for all'the services will receive a prize which will be announced later. Further regulations and the selection of the board will be made known in subsequent issues. The thing to do now is to enter your photographs. They may be sent or taken to the “Service Page” of the Exponent in the Union Building. Be suie to put your name, address and branch of service on the back of each photograph so it may be returned. Campus Smoking Rules Listed For ASTP Trainees / " ASTP trainees are cautioned that all campus legulations on smoking must be xigidly adhered to. Failuie to do so will result in immediate disciplinary action. Smoking is prohibited at the entrance to buildings, on the steps or walks leading to them, and in all classrooms, drawing lOoms, hallways, laboratories, lavatories, libiaiies, locker rooms, lest rooms, looms for athletic contests and store rooms. Smoking is also prohibited in dining rooms at any time. In barracks, butts will be extinguished and placed in gsh tr^ys, butt cans or smoking stands. Ash trays will be emptied into butt cans only, and these in turn will only be emptied into ash cans provided for the purpose. Trainees are also cautioned against littering up corridors, stairways or campus walks with butts. Wheie I’eceptacles are available, these must be used. Otheiwise, butts should be “broken” in the usual GI manner.
Launching the initial convocation of the University’s 70th year, W. H. Gallienne, British Consul General, will be the principal speaker in the Music Hall at 7:30 tomoiiow evening, according to an announcement made by President E. C.
Elliott.
Elliott To Preside Others on the program will include President Elliott, presiding officer; Col. Donald M. Beere, headof the University’s military department and commandant of the ROTC; and Commander Hugh J. Bartley, head of the University’s Naval training units; and several heroes of the present war, now in special training at the University. Providing music will be the combined campus glee clubs, containing civilians and servicemen, and the University military band. Gallienne, who is located at Chicago, is a hero of World War I, a world traveler, and a diploihat. Faculty To Attend Freshmen and other civilian students will have special seats reserved for them in the center of the Music Hall and faculty members are especially urged to attend the convocation. This convocation, which precedes the opening of all civilian classes the following morning, is similar to previous ^opening all-campus assemblies; however it will differ from last year because of the navy, army, marines and air corps men. Coeds May Lease Many Paintings From Applied Design Dept. Reproductions of several well known paintings are available to co-eds for decorating their rooms at a rental fee of one dollar per semester. The paintings vary from the works of the Italian masters to those of the post-impressionistic
period.
The reproductions, now on display in the Music room of the Union, are the property of the Applied Design Department. Only those pictures marked with red as.terisk will be rented. Co-eds interested should apply at the Applied Design Department. Included in the pictures are “Red Barn” by Lucioni, “Bridge” by Harrison, “Winter Scene” by Nichols, “Blue Door” by Wintz, “Winter Fall” by Rousseau, “Blue Vase” and “Card Players” by Cezanne, “Regatta” by Monet, “Red Roofs” by Pissaro, “Millinery Shop” by Degas, “Head of a Young Girl” by Vermeer, “Lady Sewing” by Renoir, “Woman in White” by Picasso, and “Woman with Plants” by Wood. E. C. Elliott. . . . presided over the annual Indiana Tomato Festival yesterday evening in Teiie Haute. Others trom the Univeisity who attended weie T R. Johnston, director of information; K. I Fawcett, of the horticultural staff, and Roscoe Fraser, who was in charge of contests.
U. S. Army Hits Lowest Death Rate In History The lowest death rate from disease of any army anyWhere anytime —that’s the record of the present Army of the United States, Maj. Gen. Norman Thomas Kirk, Surgeon General of the Army, reported
recently.
Despite the wide range of climatic conditions to wl^ich American troops have been subjected, and despite thg number of disease ridden areas into which our troops have gone, medical and sanitary controls have kept {roth mortality and occurrence rates from disease down to unprecedented low levels. Dysentery, typhus, and yellow fever, great man-killers of other wars, have been eliminated almost entirely by vaccination and sanitation, Gen. Kirk indicates. While malaria is still comparatively prevalent in certain spots, its death rate has been cut to almost nothing through effective use of
atabrine.
Although typhus is wide spread among natives of some' North African countries, only two cases developed among enlisted men there —and both survived. Effectiveness of the preventive treatment is held responsible for this record. Venereal disease is also well under control. The only dark spot in the picture, Gen. Kirk indicated, was in neuropsychiatric cases, and it has been found that the great majority in this category has been more or less affected before they got in. Crepps Joins Test Lab Of Glass Firm Dr. Ray B. Ciepps, director of the University’s materials testing laboratory, will join Owens-Corning Fiberglas Corporation tomorrow, as director of the testing division of that concern’s research laboratories. He will be in charge of a new testing laboiatoiy to be completed
this fall.
Dr. Crepps was graduated from the University ii| 1916 and later joined the engineering faculty. He IS also an associate professor of materials testing, an associate piofessor of civil engineering and an associate of the engineering experiment station. Crepps is a member of Triangle social fiaterniay. Mudball hey there clarence i guess that these new freshmen are really going to be surprised when they find out what they walked iirto^nn this fair campus it should not be long before the innocent freshwomen are not quite so innocent and then where will the new eds be MUDBALL.
600 Freshmen Finish Orientation Tests Registration begins at 8 this morning in the Armory for distinguished students, vrith netv freshmen and old students registering at 9. According to F. L. Goldsmith, dean of men, approximately 600 new freshmen are expected to register, since that number took the orientation tests Saturday. The number of old students returning is indefinite and will be determined after registration. Students wilLenter the Armory by the door on the west side. Students who have been attending summer school will be admitted on presentation of their summer term schedule cards. Old students may enter by showing their permit to register which may be obtained from-the registrar. Show Coupon A, Hermits New undergraduate or special students must show coupon A of tho preliminary registration form of the orientation period which hai been punched and stamped to show that the student has taken the required tests. New graduate students may obtain permits from tha registrar’s office. Old students will register in alphabetical order with those whose names are at the end of the alphabet entering first. Freshmen will register according to the numbers which they received at the time of orientation tests. Permits to register or coupon A, a pencil and eraser, and a note of street address and telephone number should be brought to the armory by those registering. If a student is unable to register at his scheduled time he may register at any later hour until 4 p. m. tomorrow when the doors of tha armory will close. Any errors, conflicts or ommissions in a schedulo should be reported immediately to registration headquarters before registration closes. Fees and deposits should be paid at the time of registering in bank drafts, certified checks, postal or express money orders instead of -cash, if at all possible. Such paper should be made payable to the University.
Playshop To Receive New Director Soon According to Mary Lou Sternberg, Playshop stage manager, the semi-term production will be announced as soon as it is released from Broadway. Tickets will be sold from the Playshop office immediately following the play announcement. Tryouts for the new play will be held late in September when the new Playshop director is scheduled to arrive on campus. He will replace H. Kenn Carmichael who left for Navy service the latter part of the summer semester. Freshmen interested in Playshop work either on or back stage may stop at the Eliza Fowler Hall office and leave their names. All service men who have had stage experience ai’e welcome to work at Playshop. WAA Plans Coed Recreation Program Tied in with the women’s physical education department is a program of jecreational activities including swimming, tennis, golf, archery, and picnics at the WAA cabin. The pool is open Monday thr;ough Friday from 4 to 5:30 p. m. for coeds who have paid the recreation fee; mixed swims are open to all students Friday evening 7:30-9. Women have right of way on the University Street courts which are available 'at any time; golf clubs and archery equipment are ready for coed use wtih a charge of 30' cents for 9 holes, and 60 cents for holes of golf.
Freshmen To Follow Orientation Numbers When Registering Tuesday, Wednesday New undergraduate and special students register according to their numbeis in the orientation peiiod, as follows: Tuesday, August 31
1- 26
1001-1050
9.00- 9:30 A.M.
26- 60
1051-1100
9.30-l|).0OA.M.
61- 75
1101-1150
10:00-10:30 A.M.
76-100
1151-1200
10:30-11-00 A.M.
101-125
1201-1250
11:00-11:30 A.M.
126-150
'*1251-1300
1:00- 1:30 P.M.
151-175
1301-1350
1-30- 2:00 P.M.
176-200
1351-1400
2:00- 2:30 P.M.
201-225
1401-1460 .
2:30- 3:00 P.M.
226-250
1151-1500
3:00- 3:30 P.M.
251-276-
1601-1650
3:30- 4:00 P.M.
276-300-
1651-1600 Wednesday, September 1
4.00- 4:30 P.M;
301-325
1601-1650
8:00- 8:30 A.M.
326-350
1661-1700
8:30- 9:00 A.M.,
351-375
1701-1750
9:00- 9:30 A.I^.
376-400
1751-1800
9:30-10:00 A.M.
401-425
1801-1850
10:00-10:30 A.M.
426-450
1851-1900
10:30-11:00 A.M.
451-475
1901-1960
11:00-11:30 A.M.
476-500
1951-2000
1:00, 1:30 P.M.
501-525
2001-2050
1:30- 2:00 P.M,
526-550
2051-2100
2:00- 2:30 P.M.
551-end
2101-end . ... ...
. . 2:30- 3:00 P.M.
Sj%Purdue Exponeiitt
Tuesday, August 31,
^rdue Exponent Officps^ Editorial and Businesa Purdue Memorial Union* Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor. Bnaincsa Manascr. 'News Editor.. ■MwiiBsinK Editor. .. Sports Editors
........Ellis Murphy, Mary Dilts .William H. Tysop. Carolyn Wilbur ..Kay Smith, Kuss Lipc."
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors; .Tack Abbett, Ruth Ford, Katy Hpwes, Madelyn Grotnes, Peg Stefles.
Business Staff Advertising Manager: G. L. Gannt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Petty Money. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauevman.
The Purdue Independent
£ditor4n>Chief..
Staff For This Issue Niifhl Editor: RichardBon Sports Editor :Eipcs Dnv Editor: StcfTcs Issue Editor: Baynes Reporters: Vermilion. Wocmcr. Jackson, Smythe.
Entered ns second class matter at the post etle* Indiana, under, the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, ftnd at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3, 1917. authorized January 20. 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the voar, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier.for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a , ecmcstcr., Subscriptions may be (Obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national cadvertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College.. Publishers Representatives, 42U . Madison ,Avc., New York, N. Y.,
A Welcome To The New Freshmen .. . This weekend the University has once more become the newest and most important thing in the lives of another class of freshmen. We want to add our welcome to those innumerable welcomes these freshmen have already received, and to impress upon them the fact that all concerned—teachers, administrators, older students, and the army, the navy, and the marines are also very glad to have them on the 'campus. To the freshmen we would like to drop a word of encouragement. Orientation can not last fotever. Nor can the mysterious process of registration last forever. You will soon be a full fledged and bonafied member of the student body, with a regular passport to prove it. These first few days at the University are easily the most important days of your careet on the campus. The decisions you will have make, the people you meet and make your friends, the impressions you make, and the things, which impress you will have an influence, small or great, upon your activities during your entire stay in school. Your presence is vitally needed here. You freshmen are the one.s who will be taught the campus traditions during the next few semester,s and you will be needed to carry them on and to pass them down when you are upperclassmen. Our country needs people of your nature in the institutions .of learning to acquire the mental ability to carry on the war against our enemies. Your being here to carry on is a constant source of encouragement to alUof the men and women who worked here and have now been called away to the service of our country—for they know that the youth of the nation is still working and living the kind of life they are fighting for. You are extremely fortunate to be here. Here, among friends, you may study the subjects of your choice and learn how to earn a living, but more than that you will learn how to live. Of course, if you expect to stay for any length of time, you must study and study hard, however, you must also take out time for relaxation, time to make new finends, time to exchange ideas, time to learn how to express yourself, and, above all, time to learn how to get along with the people around you. On the campus of this University it is possible to learn these things that will mean so much to you in later life—more than calculus, more than rural economics, more than bio-chemis-try—be sure that you take the time needed to learn them. You can be happy here. Everyone else who has been here any length of time has been happy. There az’e many other things to do besides .studying. Over one hundred extracurricular activities will be open to you, and will want you to come out and work at what ever type of hobby you like be.st. It would be a good idea to try at lea.st one of these activities. You will meet many new friends, and find many hours of enjoyment while working with a group of fellow students. Remember, too, that your country wants you here, studying farming, dietetics, engineering, anything that will help production and speed the return of peace. Stay as long as you possibly can and do the best that you can. After all that is all that is expected of you, and if you do that you will come out on top. Everyone on this campus is your friend, despite any appearances to the contrary. All of us will be glad to help you whenever you need it, whether it W to direct you to University
' ■ -Tiri' llttRRY-€&-R0UMef iy DRS W* riAtSfitH Bio?Wel|es PIplomats Forc^dr To Resign Because Of PbiinedUes Against Their Private Lives WASHINGTON—It is a carefully guarded secret inside tKe State Department, but the forced ousting of Sumner Welles has been followed by a purgC of other liberal diplomats, especially those who sided with Loyalist Spain against Franco or showed too much sympathy with Gen. DeGaulle. They are being transferred, or resigntaions are being requested. Telephones have been tapped, and anyone who shows continued devotion to Sumner Whiles or his liberal policies is warned by the clique which now has the ear of Secretary Hull. Not since the days of Frank B, Kellogg,, when the Career Clique deliberately framed one of its enemies, has there been such a reign of terror around the State; Department. In Kellogg’s day, the lobbying by which certain privileged’ diplomats were promoting" themselves to favored positions was exposed by a certain consul inside the State Department. Soon he found himself confronted by his enemies with a trumped-up sex crime, with faked affidavits, the publication of which, would have ruined him. He was forced to resign. Today, stories of divorce, domestic infelicity and sex ruriiors have been spread regarding certain progressive members of the State Department Whom it is sought to purge. Once these stories circulate to enough people through the gossip underground, the target of the gossip is told by his superiors that his usefulness is over and he must resign. Never has the State Department been more in need of ^drastic overhauling. One cabinet member, who has constant relations with the State Department regarding the war, has told the President that it was almost impossible for him to do business with the Department today. All this comes at a time when we are hoping to win the peace after the war. ' Synthetic Tires Improve Big Bill Jeffers is in Washington today, but his eyes are fixed on San Antonio, Texas, and Phoenix, Arizona. In or near those cities the Government is conducting road tests with the new synthetic tires produced under the Rubber Administrator’s program. Areas in ■ the Southwest were selected because the roads are hot, and this provides conditions of the greatest strain. To increase the strain, the trucks are purposely overloaded. First reports Jeffers received indicated that the synthethic tires wore out in about 6,000 miles. But due to constant changes in the formula and the manu.. facturing process, the latest synthetic truck tires stand up for 12,000 to 14,000 miles, compared with .18,000 for natural tires undergoing the same tests. Army Men See Red Here is the type of letter which makes Army men see red: “To Commanding Officer . . . . Engrs., Atlantic Beach, Fla. 1. The following enlisted man, your organization, has violated Uniform regulations: Koval, A; Private First Class, 32261814 Engrs. “Soldier had his pocket unbuttoned. Place: 115 Pablo St., Jacksonville Beach. Tiiue 2125 (9:25 p. ni.) ‘‘2. You will take the necessary action to correct this situation. By order of Colonel LeClune: “Fred L. Gass, CWO, 144th Inf. Adjutant.” Capital Chaff There is a lot of grousing inside the Army because the new age-retirement order which forces the ouster of 60-year-old but very experienced men . . . Elmer Davis and Bob Sherwood went to the White House after the spanking to CWI’s “Moronic Little King” broadcast and asked the President to be kinder publicly to CWI . . . Senator Sheridan Downey of California has told intimate friends that he doesn’t want to run for reelection. This has stimulated a lot of heart fluttering among possible contendei's . . . Here is a list of the’men who are likely starters: Byron N. Scott, former Congressman from the 18th District, now one of the most efficient members of the War Production Board; Jack .Tenney, State Senator from Los Angeles; Bob Kenny, Attorney General of the State of California; John M. Costello,Congressman from Hollywood; Harry R. Sheppard, Congi-essmah from the 19th District; and Ellis Patterson, former Lieutenant Governor and perennial political candidate. , ' I ekes Rides Dollar-A-Year Men The speech Interior Secretary Harold Ickes delivered before the New York Sales Executives Club, in which he-assailed dollar-a-year men for “bungling” the war effort, produced one repercussion in official circles that didn’t get into print. Rubber Administrator William Jeffers was so infuriated by Ickes’ acid comments about the industrial tycoons who are running the War Production Board that he complained to the White House. ' Jeffers phoned Gen. Edwin “P” Watson, the President’s military secretary, and complained that Ickes was disrupting morale on the home front by heaping the blame for war production shortages and red tape on the shoulders of dollar-a-year men. “If the President’s order against government officials quarreling in public doesn’t apply to Secretary Ickes, then the White House had better establish some new ground rules,” Jeft’ei's protested. Watson promised to refer the matter to the President. Apparently, he did so, because Jeffers later received a phone call from Bernie Baruch, a top White House counselor. “Bill, you’d better stay out of this,” Baruch suggested diplomatically. “It’s a little'oiit of your line. Maybe you’d better let me handle these situations.” Jeffers promised to restrain himself in the futui'e, so far as White House protests are concerned, but he has been doing some loud squawking behind the scenes to friends about Ickes’ speech. He says it was an attempt to clear the Administration’s skirts for 1944 by fixing the blame for production delays on ■GOP dollar-a-year men. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRfNAlsflTBPiR#
By i!^
“At youf age 1 -worked artiund hotne for a dollar a week . . . didn’t go out and get a $5 a day job 4nd leave the lawn for my poor old father to mow.”
Progress From 1934 Until Today The Exponent was reduced in size in the fall of 1934, the dimensions being llVaxl6y2. On September 25, 1934, the paper made up for its loss in size and amount of printable news by the adoption of the College Digest as a magazine supplement. The paper also returned ,to a two column editorial column. The front page was made up of five columns. Size once again returned to the Exponent in 1935 under the editorship of H. V. H.euser, The editorial, page stayed the same in its general make-up, however, but the paper returned to the past to get the general ideas for heads. One of the leading stories of the year was the announcement that Amelia Earhart was coming to the campus to aid women students .in'pjgkihg an occupation after their graduation from college. This story about Miss Earhart was announced on April 14, 1936. It was only shortly after this that Miss Earhart was commissioned to handle the controls of a scientific plane that was to fly around the globe. W. T. Hunt took over the editorial reins of the Exponent in Septembe^- 1936, and proceeded to put out one of the finest papei’s the campus had ever seen. The page make-up was lively and the stories were slightly over the-average in writing quality. The editorial columns returned to a column and half setup, and the heads placed upon the editorials were eye catching. On August 12, 1937, the Expon-
ent make-up weathered a drastic change. The whole head setup was changed to a medium condensed type. .' The Exponent for 1937 and 1938 had a hard job ahead of itself if it intended to beat the record of the previous year, hut the new editor, Rip Manion, was not to be daunted by the job ahead of him. He ^et out to beat his former editor’s record. Firft he added new developments of his own to the new “flush left” heads and did away with the cut off lines at the bottom of the stories. (The “flush left” heads had been first developed by The Northwestern Daily a short time before the Exponent decided to adept them.) Lead spacings were placed between the news story paragraphs, arid the much easier read I^ononi type replaced the hlder forms for the paper’s heads. The Exponent had brought about so many radical and noticeable changes that when the annual meeting of the AGP was held in October 1937 the Exponent was presented to the Convocation as a model newspaper. (To be continued)
r
^y-Jacki,Abbett.:,
Ajll is.n0t well:withih:the!Nazi fortress of
out by a redeiit report'sMug'gled out of Czeohoslevakia^ Whichn reported that (jerhiaps livifig in the Slbvak' part 'of tKe fdrMer'; republic Kaye stopped/Wearing their Sy^astika, iPsignia, :TKd reason seems to be that the Slovaks ate refusing to< sell, tbeif'
goods- tof the >:seW-Styled Nazi i,..,:,,. if: mmi.
coh'querers. The german- offi- mean: that everything; is .peace anil cials have heefi-reported to be quiet in the South. Apieri:can; “iecdmpletely, incapable of Cop- Tke truth is fat fvoni peace. ' -i, The pi'eseht military. gOvcVpmeftt
mg with the situation even.
though there has-been no attempt to the Axis nations, wfifle prPclaiffi^ to hide the fact that goods that do . , ^f sfiipjressionnat..,exist for the .Nazis dq exist for; Argentina is in full co-ordittii patriotic Slovaks-. tipn'with thq.United Wfi'on’s’-: ideals, —!^‘X~ ; " wWch mcidehtally ,is: ti'yipg to'give Freedom of the press is a won- the world the four basic breedoms. dei’tul 'thing,' fe'tit, when 'frefe'ddm of It’i might' he ; trtiO fKht hirdS-'' of'^ ? the press ‘begins to get'dangerouhly fdathfer flock 't'o'gethdh,9’hUt 'i^e'jtSh^ close to horiie, the former .'dxpoherit taihly ha-ve sqni'e Stra.ng;bWd| sl’eh|ht of the freedqm'flcg'ihs to hhll'er for ing'ih our camps.' A'.'^66d''hh’tf4fl* a curbing ’of jthd press. This', seeftis cl'eariing’ih thfei^h'ited to be the cage;with;h’fank,;E. Ghh- might h'elp^tp prh^'f^ nett, eastern' newspaper chain pub- that this war Is' a go'bd start "toward,;
lisher, who 'has .-lead the fight;'albrig a with the Chicagb Tribune against' the. new-sehsatioiial; book, “tfridbr Cover”. The only logical explanation of the conduct of two of the nation’s leaders against goverrimeht infringment of the press is that the author-of “Under Cover” is even closer to getting Into some real
truth than he realizes.
'■V —■
Anything the newspaper column-
. , ;• 1 ' , 1. ■ ' V ■ ' 1. ri. guns,. luggage, type' ists and radio analysis, say about offiftai '40? CblumbiA,
the reason for the Russian recall of ' ' '■ 7'
T J j! v ■ j •til WAHtiidi-^^-Stuabntsto'deffVtr the.Egponenti
Maxin Litvinof sterns to end with three days a week. Apply at the. Circulation the startling conclusion that they Department in the Exponent office. . truly can not give any answer to Wanted-^ThTee men stud^lnta th ;dhi;geri« trio rinp«tinn And -whritpvpv thp ti’iip c™* Ja-hltpr work. 'OriO liou(r daily, atttf tWriae, trie question. Ana wnatevei tne tiue SatiirHay m ekehartge- for privato; answer, it is not likely to make its apartment with privalie bhthV'jkitfehetiettff;.
... .„ electric refrigerator, iildivldual 'bttda' with
appearance untlL after the war, it inner springs, and all utilities ■fhrrtishiedr pvpn tViph Rim'csin ponld havp at Write, stating personal qualifications; age.even tnen. ttussia coma nave at in. school, religion, etc, least a dozen reasons for the recall Box loO; Exponent. ' .. of their American loving ambassa- ■waPled^biria’with tWb or dor, and all of them could still be more years of college credit. Apply at Wa-;
„ . TT .. 1 PI, i terman School,'Cinoinnatii Ohio.', ....
friendly toward the United States . s -
and England. She might have also ’ Hnye'3fouir';rtiJij-«iarp#i,'^ir»rituM'*ile^w
,, , , - by the Wojliii Rhg-O-VAtoFCompany. Wail
many reasons for showing that she to . wall .carpeting, orientals, and tw;lat:
weaves a'specialty:. DIW 3298.‘ '
TjtpcwrittTB: Adding; nWCHilieeii
sold, rented repaired iiid purchased. ,Mim«Q-. graph work done, C,. J. Ebersboff, 6011 Main,,
Lafayette. Phone■2779:,.;
Wohey 'to ' hdiWi’- On diamonds: watch^,i luggage, typewriters. Albert’* Loaiti'
Wantcd^:GirI of pleasing personality and well proportioned figure, as model for Artist Ciub. Spare time. Good pay, Reply Artist
Cliib c/o Exponent.
is not going along with future allied plans and that the peace after the war is going to be one of her own. It is also very possible that the U. S.
had asked that the Russian ambas- Wanted—Students for part time work .as
, , 11 , m, 11 pin setters. Sec Mr. Fred Ifoward in Union
sacior be recalled. Ihese, can only be Bowling Alloy for this goo4 paying wovlc
classified as guesses, however, and tiurinp; your free hours.
anyone^S guess is as good as the Room for instructor or graduate student. : , .-f .1,11 1 Private entrance, separate bath. Call 6976
next nianV It might be to your ad- or 71862.
vantage, however, to become a-col- Thursday. Sepumnist if you think.you have a.bet- tember 2, at A p, m. in Waa nffico. ter solution to the problem than the , , ... . ..
columnist.
Argentina has been doing a very good job of, staying out of the news in’ the last month, but this does not
And Stamps
ItAl;i#gy^BY 4’0^000^0^0 RBAPSRf^
TODAY and TOMORROW
THE BOLDEST BANDITS IN A LAWLESS LAND
Hall, tran.slate a bit of German, or find you a date for Saturday nig’ht. And as a parting word—“Don’t worry”. Things will usually come for the best before the day is over.—e^m.
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY ^ AUTRY/
' and'
SiMSNE ( KENT SMITH • TOM £0NWAY JANE RANDOLPH • JACK HOLT — ALSO — 'ADVENTURES OF SMILIN' JACK NO: 11" — PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
RODDY'McDOWALL • PRESTON FOSTER-'-' RITA JOHNSON
TODAY — PLUS — and TOMORROW THEY CAME TO BLOW UP AMERICA —r with;— George SANDERS — Anna STEN ■ "■ flpIdy^DUR .-’’■■'■■Yf;
lef COSTLIER LEATHERS and FINER SHOEn jyi AKINO tell their- ow«») stwyi In - MASTER-FITTER SHOir
One of the finest sh'o'eS afobf' . . . for civiliant or men In'ihb service. It lakes maiterful shoemaking and . costly, leather* .to give a "Plain Toe” such character. Select Norwegian Calfskin) plump and plianf. Protective double i welL; fit . . . get MASTER FITTERS
TODAY and TOMORROW
“ DEplV': StSit '
MdUi
1
i /B. C
X-RAY FITTINGS
Shoe 406 Main St.'•fcff' A’ 7 ^il mJsM
Eij^oimnt
Pe^X
.1114 -I'j" 4-inijim'Hiyv*"^'"
mm AUD BCAR IT
Veakd By W. AA. Hepbutn
y^SH|t*']%^Mtirgaret Bayn^fs I on stationery, pennants, ][>, B^^'^fi/^pddles, and T-^hirtsy the. of the University, which official at, all, started 'd^Sfgn by Bruce Eogers first l%f^|lbhe cover of the 1892-93 Annual Register, acJ|li^|l4dibrarian W. M. Hepburn, have been found of the MMpsthif (being officially adopted by l^fllFilStt^s. T?*|®j!ijii>>«n0estor of the present day SVaslhl circular ribbon carrying t]|fe<w"iOfdei “Agriculture, Engineeriff^ ^^e^tfhee. Art”. Within the rib-^ black Greek cross sup'nine symbols representing t^i<drta^ (and sciences, the mono^Ibl^sPWlin the center, with fluerd|iilfli^i!i isfeattered SW]N>^)$difig all was a design of fe- , ^ '' ’ „ , .. f^hjufdy vfraving rays worked out SO Catalogue for tlfftt^ithe full design was square in ’ ’ '
The outside circle of this seal contrite initial seal continued for two tained in oW-Ehglish lettering the an improved design, al- words “Purdue University”. In the ath'^disa'w^if.by Bruce Rogers, first ap- i*^”er circle a very militant griffin pteiStsd injthe October 1, 1894, issue with two tails supported with his of'iiajfe'EJiiponent. The ribbon con- left claw a shild, quartered, containt^ftittg'fhe words descriptive of the nine arts and sciences symbols; Btion^of dhiversity instruction now claw he held an unrolled ehddaedja shield divided into four scroll. On a winding ribbon in the quarters by a narrow Greek cross in bottom were the words “Science, ■^ite, with symbols reduced to Technology, Agriculture”. This dehflflrinift the four corners, a cadu- sign was used on official University .the vertical limb of the publications and in effect becajne cl|b6»,'and’the name of the Univer- tbe University Seal, although never the horizontal limb. officially adopted. ^ B«iithtiiifg,T)f An Idea The design was complicated; for Xibrarian Hepburn explained the best printed form, it had to be thkt’i neither of these designs was carefully drawn, and this, as time rSfentdtftt as the University seal, but went on, was not always done. Also thb germ Pf the idea was there and when it was used on fraternity pilinXSO&'a seal that continued in use lows or on stationery, or cast in fdr ‘siboutf fifteen years without bionze for wall plaques, it was difnKojiification was used on the An- ficult to get in all the detail; there-
Student Sforls Tueslii^ Thru September 10 In Room 257, llnMi. Book exchange, the non-profit , .. , ,
organization operated by Student
Union,^wi» start Tuesday, August ® separate file.
31, at 10 a. m. in room 257 of the Union Building. The exchange will receive books until 5 p. m. Wednes-
Valne Raised
Since the beginning of the Book. Exchange the estimated value of,
fore, many defective designs ap-
peared. 'J'
A Formal,Request ' ' „ ^ i.. ~ „ t Late in 1909 President fetone re- "li'ja pHctic&fly imfiossible to keep an employe long eiiough to
quested the new. Dean of Eiigine'er, ing, Charles U. benjamin, who,was
day; from Wednesday to noon of
Saturday, September 4, books will '^5 Pe^^^cnt. A record of transac {jg ggjjj tions IS kept in book form as well a» ^ „ . , , in the files, and all books which are During the following week the ex- ^ change will sell books and pay out tYionUes who distribute them where
from 1 to 5 every afternoon. All ^^ey are needed,
books and money should be claimed Exchange, the by 6 p m Friday, September 10. ^ooks which were not returned Students may expect to receive ^g^g ^g^^ to men in the armed senJout 75 per cent of the amount vices in cooperation with a drive for , they paid for their books, and pass- tgghnikl books which was being ,ports.must be shown at the time of j^gj^ Unievrsity during that
transaction.
History Of Exchange Sales Increased The first Book Exchange w^s ope- Sales increased after the estahrated in February, 1938, and bought lishment of the exchange, and ‘ and sold books for the thirteenth reached a high point during the time last spring. Books were re- fourth exchange. Last semester ceived at the counter wh4re work- showed a 71.5 percent increase over ers suggested prices. A filing form the first attempt, was filled out, and the stubs dis- Students are urged to bring in posed of in the control file, until the their technical engineering books, book was sold. since these are in demand. Custom-
an artist as well as^ an engineer, to simply the 1895 design, He did so, and in the 1909-10 Catalogue, a new simplified form of the seal appeared -—and is still appearing today. The new and final, form, did not entirely replace "the old; both were used for some years imtil the old dies in the hands o'f printers were worn out or tost, and replacements
made in the new form.
In the new design the griffin,^ a popular form :^or heraldry, is simplified; the shield is smaller, thq symbols 1 educed to three, apd instead of a scroll, the right claw of the griffin holds a lighted Rpman
lamp, signifying learning.
The original dfaviring for this seal
learn, anything about the busiiless
eccentricities.”
was rna^e by Mrs. Marion Wood- with the earliest designs, is one of bury, daughter of Dean Benjamin, the University’s most distinguished Another Seal Design alumni, now recognized as the Another form of the seal came in- world’s premier designer of books to u^e in the 1920*s when tho§e as- and printing, according to Hepburn, sociated with the Union used on its After graduating in 1891 Rogers publipations a design that can hard- remained in Lafayette for several ly he called a seal, but which in- years and during that time execcludes most of the seal elements: uted numerous commissions for the shield' with the three symbols, drawings and designs for official
If the book was not sold, but :^’e- ers are too frequently turned away
to say nothing of my turned to it’s owner, the stub was from the counters disappointed be-
marked RETURNED and placed in cause there are too many texts of
another file. Those stubs marked ^e social sciences, and so few of a
SOLD, for which the owner has more technical nature.
ActivMes Play Part In Ufa At University
Many would-be students upon ar-
topped by the griffin, and the rib- University publications and for the at the University for the first classed as a type of service torgani-
time and spending a few days on zation because of its assistance in the campus may ask such questions the administrative management of as “How can I get to be a ‘big the Union. This activity does everyshot’ here Tike I was back at Po- thing from arranging mixers and
bon below with the three words. Exponent and Debris.
The design is usually not held to-
gether by any marginal lines but '
appears as three separate elements. Wisconsin trainees are getting
“The change in the various sym- up a band against a program of lo- Center?” or just “What can special dances to sponsoring suc^ bols is interesting”, continued the cal dances and recently offered ra- after classes to both occupy my groups as the Camera and Model
Librarian, “In the earliest form, dm time on a local station, teach me something more Airplane Clubs, those designed by Bruce Rogers! ^^e Indiana Student, or less painlessly ? Obviously there there appear the plow and sheaf of campus paper, calls the fact that uie many answers to both questions wheat for Agriculture; an electric the ASTP commander. Major Fen- but a good solution (and one recombulb, compasses and wheel and axle ,wick T. Reed, lost the opportunity ^ ^ ^ ? for Engineeringj a retort and globe to complete his own college educa- . opportunities ot- mtenueu uu
for Science; and a palette and cray- tion because the last war inter- f ®d by the various campus activi- interests of all students and
on holder for Industrial Art. In the rupted it. A junior at DqPauw, he ^
1895 form there were nine symbols, volunteered in ^1917, and saw ser- Student extra-curricular activithe globe being dropped and a niic- vice overseas as a field artillery ties, excluding the University pro-
roscope added. In the 1910 version man. When he was discharged in “ uive^med athletics, may enforces its own reguthe symbols were reduced to three, 1919 m the grade of sergeant, he uiviuea into two general ciassi- concerning all women stu-
turned to business in Indianapolis ^cations confsting of service or-
Two organizations which surely can be classed as service activities are the Student Senate and AWS or Associated Women Students. The Senate is intended to represent
is
composed of representatives elected from the different classes and schools of the University. The AWS
a retort, wheel and a sheaf of wheat. In the Union version the wheel is
differently drawn.”
Bruee Rogers, who is connected unit organized.
-r> 11 , • .. ., , . . ganizations ’’^and publications. Be- , , . , ,
Ball State is one of the latest cuitailment newsprint ®*ber duties which range from conIndiana colleges to get an ASTP available man- ferences of interest to coeds to
^ Exponent has had to sponsoring the annual Gold Dig-
gradually cut down its publication ^AA (Womens’ Athletrate from six times each week to Association) promotes coed recthe present three. The Independent, reatiorf through athletics, a paper featuring news of interest A few of the many other campus to unorganized students is now activities include the widely-known, combined with the Exponent for the University music program for stnduration. dents with urges in that direction. The Debris is the campus year the Activities Bureau which helps book which chronicles the events all activities in personnel problems, and activities of interest to under- the Fraternity Affairs Office which graduates and faculty alike. Al- deals fraternity problems, apd the though, the next issue may not be Puidue Independent Association, quite as large as its predescessors which offers opportunities for un- ‘ it still remains as a major campus organized students to meet probactivity. The Engineer and Phar- lems which concern that group as a macist are two other stlident-man- whole and to offer a program of recaged publications which offer spe- reation. Amateur actors may dazzle cialized news and information to local audiences with their Thespian the public interested in these re- talents by trying out successfully spective fields. for Playshop, the undergraduates’
The Student Union may be drama factory.
dents on the campus. It also has
WOW AS EVER... In every fasEiion that we feature— Quality is the keynote. Our watchword . . . your buyword. Make this store your shopping center while at college—you At 1 will find most anything here! d^cfern For Over 70 Years on ihe Square
Look and feel
your
T> t* O T I C £i M X :
now dflid Be ready for
se
0 crisp autumn
^ lx. ^juttlofiL inc.
Beautiful Sights ...
Reporter Views Exponent Office; Expd« Cultural Atmosphere To New Studenh
By Margaret Baynes “Write something pretty about the Exponent for the new freshmen” sweetly barked our Marineuniformed city editor as though a freshman could be anything but new. “Tell them of the lovely times we have down here.” “Down here” referiing to the Union sub-base-ment from whence emerges the Exponent, chaperoned by insane editors and cupie-doll-like servicemen. So we dropped the only woikable typewi iter into the wastebasket for safekeeping, said “Dill pickles” to the Issue editor, swiped the night editor’s pencil, and sat down on Gafgantua, the printing press, to survey the scene. The whole place was a vision of light and loviness. Neat, orderly 'piles of copy filled the baskets to over-iflowing while the phone booths hummed with incoming news. Numerous lepoiters sat obediently pounding out coloiful stories; issue editors, three of them, lan back and forth cany ing copy to the oveitown printers and bunging cokes to thiisty woikers. The whola atmosphere was bilious, the editors being smokards; peering through the clouds of smoke were the three sets of very newspaperish flourscent lights under which placidly sat the large, half-moon desk. At one side was the row of unworkable typewriters; the rest of the room was plunged in darkness.
Tall, dark and uniformed servicemen quickly dispatched the business of writing heads, reading proof, and wilting church notices; news editors, managing editors and day editors, all filled with dignity and. lemon cokes, quietly and quickly made up the paper. Two editors and a civilian were sitting at typewriter row throwing typewriters at each other; three workers were reciting the Gettysburg Address and playfully tossing freshmen into the printing press. The telephones were screaming, editors calling for issue editors and Vermin, managers yelling “Quiet’’ and running round and round the half-moon desk to give the impression of working. We were delighted with the air of activity, so lan down amongst the woikeis to join in the fun^ The day editor fixed us with a glassy eye, turned a handspiing, and said, “Wiite this story then take copy ovei town and jump in the liver on your way back.” We gave a ghastly smile and said “Thapk you”. On our way out we bowed to the editoi-in-chief, the managing, news and business editors, and knocked our head, three times in honor of the six day, city and night editors. Buy War Bondsf -1.
Pur(iue' Exponent ■ ‘V"' ■’,„' - ' v,-" <Ts^ay, Xti^st ST, 194$^
if#,1 »-w I#
SojtdhwjoiihX,
We pledge you . . . our constant efforts for a compljBte, unexcelled service.
We will glady cash your checks upon proper presentation of identification.
'fif
t \5 '•AnA ■■ yyy <'\ Av-‘
Save MoneY on Your TEXTBOOKS NEW AND USED TEXTS AND MATERIALS FOR EVERY COURSE IN ALL DEPARTMENTS
FREE—for the Asking t
Bring in Your Old Books
FOR YOUR ROOM
We have all the Comforts and Conveniences of Home
\ ★ SCHEDULE CARDS
and Engineering Supplies—
★ STUDY LAMPS
^ ★ DESK BLOTTERS
They're Worth
★ BLOTTER PADS
★ BOOK COVERS
★ BOOK ENDS
★ CAMPUS MAPS
Plenty of Cash
★ PENNANTS, PICTURES
at
VISIT OUR BRANCH STADIUM STORE
PmEECCK^SUPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T.. LA FAYETTE^ IND.
?{mdcfJUjcUdiiJiA, fift, SufildieA- pA. ihsi. Thw S^unsAin/L
SpidhwjoiihX,i ■
*
n
Tuesday, ^gusf 31, 1943
TwH vtf '• ' ir» -s^ ^ w JBouermaker, Sports
fa^g
THREE WEEKS TILL GREAT LAKES GAME I
FALL PRACTICE WILL START MONDAY
Survey Shows Boilermaker *43 Gridiron Prospects
Squad To Resume Practice Monday Next Monday, candidates for the 1943 Boilermaker gridiron squad will assemble to start fall practice, giving them three weeks in which to work out before the opening game against Gjreat Lakes at Great Lakes, September 18. By virtue of the recent conference ruling which permitted all Big. Ten schools to conduct a four week practice session during the summer months, -—; although scrimmage and con- Meet Elmer tact work was limited to a maximum of six days. Head Football Coach Elmer Burnham and his staff of assistants were provided an opportunity to take a preliminary inventory of the material available for this fall’s
Boilermaker football squad. Record Breaking Turnout
A tecord breaking turnout for the summer practice session was experienced that reached a high of 161 candidates and averaged a daily turnout of 130. However, Burnham is now faced with the none too enviable task of dividing the grid enthusiasts into two groups, composed of the varsity or “A” group and the «B” group. Between 50 and 60 men will be tentatively assigned to the varsity and the remainder will be
assigned to the “B” team. -
There will be no hard and fast iron coach, Elmer Burnham, line between the makeup of the “A”
. This is the Boilermakers’ grid-
and “B” squads and candidates will serves of last fall. Other guard posbe shifted back and forth depending sibihties include Danahl Lehmkuhl, upon their development. An eifort and Jack Butt, reserves at Iowa and is being made to arrange a regular Illinois, respectively, last season; schedule of games for the “B” team. Bruce Porter, Illinois numeral winHelp From Armed Forces ner; Eugene Winters, of Celina, Because of the ruling that Navy Ohio, freshman numeral winner at and Marine trainees can participate Ohio University, and Rolland Butin varsity athletics at the school ler, of Joliet, 111., who captained his which they are attending, prospects high school eleven in 1941.
for the coining season for the Riv- q-^ghles
eter squad are considerably bright- Judging from summer drills, more ened with the turnout of many of experience and power is concen-
these students. However, the coaches
have had little opportunity to esti- peg,tie„ gj, the squad. Although mate the possibilities of the group g^g^tual assignments are still far
as a well knit unit.
from decided, with 14 candidates
One of the outstanding features considered in the running for “A”
of the summer drill was the spirit
squad assignment, four letter man
and enthusiasm that was shown by stalwarts from Illinois, Iowa, and the candidates. Despite veiy hot Missouri, are among the leading
weather, which was particularly no- coj^petjtor
ticeable in full football regalia, and also the fact that those candidates from the armed services were at-
John Genis, Illinois
captain-elect; Mike “Battleship” Kasap, 240-pounder from Illinois,
, , . ,, . Jokn Staak, Iowa, and Tom Hughes, tending football practice in addition pj^cg.^ick specialist from Missouri, to performing their military duties .^.^gers.
the grid prospect played with all that they had and made a very good
showing.
A tentative suivey of the Riveter’s grid possibilities for this fall, by positions, follows:
Centers
The collegiate veterans, however, are being given plenty of competition by Bob Plevo, 17-year-old freshman from Chicago, a former captain at Bowen high school; LeRoy Jansen, Port Clinton, Ohio, assigned to
State freshman eleven of last fall, and Charles Linder, who won his numerals at Cincinnati. Other tackle
Lou DeFillippo, former Fordham Naval Training School for elecsturdy, assigned to the Naval unit, tricians, Dan Eicher, freshman nuis expected to materially bolster the ^ ’ center post. DeFillippo is expected A A ™
to be provided his main support by Bill Newell, lightweight 150 pound
scrapper from Stafford, Kas., minor . ... . . letter winner here for the past two aspirants without previous collegiseasons; Joseph Morrow, reserve A , A- AA center at Missouri last season, and Schultz, an all-state selection while Walter Poremba, captain of the Lin- for Soldan high school St. coin (Cleveland, Ohio) high school Louis Mo.; Paul Uber, Olean, N. Y., eleven of two years ago, all V-12 ^ouis Heller, who hails fi^m students. Other possibilities include Louisville, Ky.
James Lockwood, of Hinsdale, 111., Ends
an all-state hi^ school selection of Sifting out capable wing candilast fall. dates from a willing, but comparaGuards tively inexpeiienced group provides With the single exception of Alex one of the most puzzling problems Agase, Marine V-12er who won na- for the Boilermaker coaching staff, tional recognition for his play at On the basis of summer returns, Illinois last season, the gPards are among the leading contenders will somewhat of an unknown quantity bo two Marine transplants fiom the as far as Big Ten competitive cali- Illinois freshman eleven of last fall, bre is concerned^ and no less than Joe Buscemi and Fiank Bauman, 16 candidates are given a chance to'^.^tong with Joe Ceilings, West Lawin places on the traveling squad, fayette high school pioduct; Nate In addition to Agase, the Marines Laskin, numeral winner on the Boilhgve contributed five other men who ermaker freshman team of last fall, won major letters last season, in- and Heibert Hoffman, of Mishacluding Bob Rickbeil and^ Morris waka, who was the lone fieshman Kaastad, at North Dakota;* Joseph m the line of the undefeated ShurtHersch, Franklin and Marshall; Olin leff College eleven of last season. Lougheed, Ball State, and Jack Pef- Other V-12 wingmen who must fer, St. Joseph’s. be considered include Fred Halpiii, James Laughter, Boilermaker Francis Foughty, and William freshman from Dayton, Ohio, and O’Keefe, lettermen from North DaJim MscMillen, of South Bend, Boil- kota; Melvin Brown, letterman from ermaker freshman numeral winner Tennessee Tech; John Moore, pof last fall, now Navy V-12 tiainees, serve from Missouri; Ferdy Aramoare both in the thick of the wide vich and Melvin Clatt, reserves from open fight for the guard assign- Illinois; Nicholas Steshko, minor ments, along with Gilbert Mordoh, letter winner here, and Harry DamIndianapolis, and Wallace Hendry, eron, who held down the right wing of Chicago, 111., Boilermaker le- for the Missouii School of Mines
Football Schedule Here is a copy of the Boilermakers’ 1943 gridiron schedule: Sept. 18—Great Lakes—^There Sept. 25—Marquette—There Oct. 2—Illinois—Here Oct. 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—Here Oct. 30—^Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There Nov. 13—Open date Nov. 20—Indiana—There during a part of the 1942 campaign. The remainder of the end roster is composed of candidates without any previous collegiate experience, including Robert Kalmbach, Toledo, Ohio; William Funke, Cincinnati, Ohio, and Albert Jeffers and Charles Haag, Evansville. Quarterbacks Filling the quarterback berth provides an equally perplexing problem. Sam Vacant!, major letter winner at Iowa, and Jimmy Darr, Bob Steuber’s understudy at Missouri, both erstwhile halfbacks, have been shifted to the pilot post, along with Blame Hibler, another Missouri product who is a left-handed passer. Ed Gbrker, letterman from Missouri, is the lone quarterback with collegiate experience at the post. Other signal calling possibilities include four recent high school graduation Chalmes Elliott, of Bloomington, 111., and Raymond Schultz, of Lane Tech, Chicago, both V-12 students, and a pair of 17-year-old engineering aspirants, Dick Bushnell, of West Lafayette, and William Krieghbaum, of Rochestei.
Halfbacks
The Riveter’s lone holdover major letterman from last fall, Ed Cycenas, a Navy V-12 trainee, appears in a halfback contingent that has yet to prove itself in competition. During the restricted summer scrimmage sessions, the coaches had little opportunity to get a real line on the running and passing possibilities of the halfback candidates, but Stanley Dubicki, a South Bend product who was named the “most valuable back” on the undefeated Shurtleff College eleven last fall, along with Keith .Puiker, Missouri letterman; Arthur Flint, Iowa reserce; James Comer, high scorer for Jalo Junior College, and Joe Johnson, Coffeyville Junior College, attracted considerable attention. Lewis Rose, sophomore engineering speedster from Hobart, headlines a group of candidates with no previous collegiate expel ience that includes John Ade, Kentland; Glenn Tobias'^ Huntington; Robert Proctei^, Brazil, and Leonard Milauskas, Amsaerdam, N. Y. Another possibility is Robert Bossett, of Spring Lake, who won his freshman numerals at Clemson and was a reseive at Indiana during the ’42 campaign.
Fullbacks
The Marines are largely responsible for foitifying the fullback spot. Expenence at the post is concentrated in a foursome of collegiate V-12 lettermen composed of Tony Butkevich ,of Illinois; Bernard Tetek, of Tulane, and Leo Milla and Michael Popovich, of Missouri. The remainder of the fullback candidates lack previous experience, including Raymond Stone, who hails from Shortridge, Indianapolis; George Mihal, of Emerson, Gary, a brother of Joe Mihal, former Purdue captain; William Kreisle, of Tell City, and Charles Fox, of Peoria, 111. Service Men May Vote If Registered Properly GIs in whose states elections are being held this year and who are eligible to vote may register through their batteries. Battery orderly rooms have available supplies of postage free cards containing information necessary for this purpose. These will be issued to trainees on request. Trainees who are residents of New York State and desire to Vote in that state’s election may secure the necessary registration forms from Lt. Fisher in the battalion HQ Cary Hall South basement. New York State forms must be wtinessed by Lt. Fisher. All other states’ forms must be witnessed by the trainees’ battery commanders.
Grandstand Echoes I By Ray Smith | GREETINGS, FRESHMEN The first thing that we would like to do for this semester is to congratulate the freshmen on their choice of a university and to welcome them as Boilermaker sport fans. We know that they will all be happy here and that there will be many occasions this fall when they will be proud to claim the school as theirs. We know that the fooltball team under Elmer Burnham’s guidance will give everyone a reason to sing the songs and give the cheers that are iirinted in the Freshman Handbook.
Freshmen, Meet All Independent Students The Riveter Coaches R^eive Opportunity And PE Instructors To Enter Own Sports
ELWARD COACHES LAKEHURST
Lieut. Commander Map Elward, former Boilermaker head football coach and athletic director, is starting his second season as coach of the Lakehurst Naval Air Station eleven. Officers, naval aviation cadets, sailors and marines stationed at the New Jersey base reported last week for the opening workouts. Elward will have a big job to round out a winning combination, for his squad is practically without college experience. Last year in his first season Elward compiled a record of four wins, a tie and three defeats. All games are played away from the station because there
is no regulation football field available.
One of the most prominent groups of men about any college or university, as far as the incoming freshmen are concerned, are the coaches whom they have heard so much about and of who’s teams they have read so much. Another group
Red Mackey . . .
MACKIEWICZ PLAYS WITH BALTIMORE Felix Mackiewicz, the former Riveter baseball star who was signed by Connie Mack for the Philadelphia Athletics, is playing in the International League this season with the Baltimore Orioles. In 79 games ffor the Oi ioles, Mackiewicz has 64 hits to his credit for a batting average of .240. He has driven in 35 runs and has clouted three homers. Most of the season Mackiewicz has been patroling center field for Baltimore, but on several occasions he was brought in to cover the initial sack.
HERE AND THERE ) The three New York baseball teams, the Yankees, the Giants and the Brooklyn Dodgers, did their bit to help the waV effort this week with a War Bond game that netted the U. S. Treasury almost $800,000,000. . . . It looks as though the major league All-star baseball teams may cross the waters to entertain the service men at the close of the season. ... A woman physical education teacher will coach an eastern Pennsylvania high school football team this season.
Navy & Marine Softball
Tuesday, Aug. 31
Diamond— 1— A1 vs A7 2— A2 vs. A8 3— A3 vs. B1 4— A4 vs. B2 5— A5 vs. B3 6— A6 vs. B4
7— B5 vs. M-11 8— B6 vs. M-10 9— B7 vs. M-9 10— B8 vs. M-8 11— Cl vs. M-7
12— C2 vs. Cl 13— C3 vs. D6 14— C4 vs. D6
16—C6 vs. D4
16— C6 vs. D3 17— C8 vs. E2 18— D1 vs. E4 19— D2 vs. E3
iM Schedules Clcvett Plans New
Intramural Program For Intrasession Once again M. L. Clevett and his Intramural staff have taken it upon themselves to see that all the men attending the University have a planned sports program. Clevett said that the Intramural Office would conduct a full athletic program during the eight week term that would include softball, tennis,
golf, and touch football. Sports For Everyone
Such a full card of sports should enable every student both new and old, to enage in athletic contests at least during jiart of the term if not for the entire eight weeks. Not only does the program provide an opportunity for participation in the actual contests, but it also gives the students a chance to work as Intra-
mural managers.
It is the duty of the managers to assist Chief Clevett in conducting the Intramural contests. Among the duties is the arranging of a suitable schedule for each tournament. In addition to this the results of each contest must be recorded and the standings determined. The managers also assist t^e secretary in notifying' the teams of time, location, and opponent for contest. Softball Tourney ^ Present plans call for the program opened by an eight game softball tournament for the fraternities. If enough teams enter a similar tourney will be conducted for conclusion of the eight games the the 'independent students. At the eight teams with the best records will play a single elimination tournament for the championship. The eight-game touch football tourney will be conducted during the last part of the term in the same manner that the softball play will be lunoff. Both the football and softball competition are annual events on the Intramural calendar. For those athletes who enjoy the individual competition of golf and tennis, the department will hold the annual fall all-campus tournaments in both of these sports. In the allca'mpus tourneys everyone on the campus is eligible including students, faculty, and servicemen.
15— A5 vs. B2 16— A6 vs. C6 17_A7 vs. B3 18— B4 vs. D1 19— B6 vs. C3 20— B6 vs. D2 21— C4 vs. C7 22— C6 vs. D4
Navy & Marine Softball
Thursday, Sept. 2
Diamond— 1— A1 vs. C6 2— A2 vs. C8 3— A3 vs. C5 4— A4 vs. C4 6—A5 vs. C3 6— A6 vs. C2 7— A7 vs. Cl 8— A8 vs. B7 9— B1 vs. B2 10— B3 vs. B6 11— B4 vs. D1 12— B5 vs. B8
13— D2 vs. M-11' 14— D3 vs. M-10 15_D4 vs. M-9 16— D5 vs. M-8 17— D6 vs. El 18— E2 vs. M-7 19— E3 vs. E4
Army Softball Monday, August 30
Diamond— 11— A1 vs. B3
12— A2 vs. A6 13— A3 vs. D1 14— A4 vs. C2
16—A5 vs. C3 16— A7 vs. C6 17— B1 vs. D4 18— B2 vs. C7
19— B4 vs. D3
20— B6 vs. B6
21— B7 & 8 vs. C6 22— Cl vs. D2
Army Softball ' 'Fuesday, August 31
Diamond— 20—D4 vs. C3
Army Softball W'ednesday, Sept. 1
Diamond—
11— A1 vs. B7 t& 6 12— A2 vs. D3
13— A3 vs. C2
14— A4 vs. Cl
. . . Director of Athletics at the Boilermaker institution. of men of very much interest to the freshmen, and m some cases they are the same as the first group, is that famous group known as PE instructors (but commonly called other names). In order to help familiarize the new Boilermakers with some of the coaches and instructors whom they will come in contact within their daily program and in their athletic connections, we are giving a brief summary of that outstanding bunch of men working in the Riveter field-
house.
Mackey Heads The List Heading the group is the'athletic, director. Red Mackey. Red was an outstanding athletic during his four years here and following his graduation in 1929 he joined the athletic staff and has been connected with it qyer since. Red is one of the topnotch golfers in this part of the country. One of the most widely known Riveter coaches is “Piggy” Lambert, dean of all basketball coaches. Piggy is one of the oldest men on the Riveter coaching staff, from the point of service, and his teams are always really something to watch in action. One of the men that the freshmen will be hearing a lot about is head football coa.ch Elmer Burnham. This season will be the second season that Elmer has directed the actions of the Boilermakers grid squad. Previously Elmer ^was in charge of freshmen football squads. Included on his staff of football experts is Cece Isbell, all time AllAmerican passing star and former Riveter grid hero; Sammy Voinoff, line coach; Claude Reeck, who is actually wrestling coach but who doubles on the football field; Red Mackey; and last, the newest addition to the staff who was just appointed two weeks ago, Joe Dienhart, former St. Joe mentor. Pop Doan—In Charge of Sitting If any of the freshmen have ever tried to get seats at a Boilermaker athletic contest they have surely heard of “Pop” Doan. Pop has charge of all ticket sales but he also doubles as head baseball coach. However', he is assisted in his baseball duties by Bert Sanders, Applied Mechanics instructor. ^ Two widely known and famous ex-runners direct the activities of Boilermaker track squads. Head coach Hermon Phillips handles the cross country squad while his assistant, congenial Homer Allen is handling fall track. They both combine their efforts in directing indoor and summer track. Both men serve as PE instructors in their spare time, and in addition Allen is ill charge of the undergraduate PE majors. Clevett—One Of The Busiest ' One of the busiest men on the staff is Chief Clevett, head of the
In order that independent students have a chance to participate in the intramural athletic prOgrate as well as those student* living in the fraternities, the Intramarai 'department a few years ago divided the city into approximately tO Wards. Competition among the students not living in the fraternities is conducted by the teams representing Ijhe various Wards playing a tournament. Living in, each Ward is an athletic manager who forms a team from the students living in Ms section. The athletic manager ip aided fay the cards that are fiilled out at registration time for the Intramural Office by all students. On these cards the student gives, in addition to name, address, and telephone number, a list of all the sports in which he would like to participate. As the time for entry blanks to tie submitted approaches for didi sport the athletic manager calls tile players in his Ward to see if they are still interested in playing the sports and informs them of the dkys on which the games will be played. In the event'that thei'e are enough players in the Ward interested in playing the sport that two teams might be formed, the two teams would be entered and would fas known as for instance Ward 2A and Ward 2B. Team May Come From Ons.Howie When a large number of mennm living in one house it is often possible for a Ward team to be formed by the players living in that hoUse. All that is necessary is that someone living in the house act as a manager and enter the team at the Intramural Office. Prior to the war the Intramur«d department awarded medals to all members of the winning team for difficult to obtain these medals sn each sport, but the war has made it the practice is no longer continued^ In some instances the medals faavi been replaced by ribbons. Anyone desiring to knoW tha number of the Ward in which he it living may find out by inquiring at the Intramural Office or by consulting the map that is posted on the bulletin board located opposite the-check-out window in the Field-
house.
Intramural Department and also the PE Department. The Chief is rounding out his twenty-fifth year here, and during that time he has been swimming coach, gymnastics coach and squad coach, in which capacity he is serving at the preseAl
time.
The “Chief” wanted us to be sure to point out to the new freshmen that they can obtain just about a»y article of sports equipment that they desire by checking it out at the “Check-out” window in the basement of the Fieldhouse. What’s more, it’s all free-*—at least it is t* students of the University. ^ Doc Eastwood is in charge erf graduates in the PE school and at the present time he is devotiag nauch of his time to the Induatriti Recreation Association, of which is the president. Papenguth In Charge Of Acquatict To continue with the group, there is Dick Papenguth, swiming cqfuHi and in charge of all acquatic event;8 at the University; Harry Attspaw, golf coach and in charge of the very wonderful University golf course; Jim Beers, boxing coach and PE instructor; Johnny Sines, former ABAmeiican Boilermaker basketball star who is teaching PE; and Lariy LaBiee, tennis coach and PE Instructor. Theie is also H. E. Wilkening, issistant dean of men, and as fkr |s we know fieshman coach. Theri seems to be a little mix-up mi I® whether he is or he isn't so we’ll that he is. He also serves as a PB instructor. Completing the list is friendly Mr. Guild, who apendu the greater part of each day teaching PE to the Army, Navy and atadents, or anyone that will take the course.CELLULOID CANTEEN ‘ New York’s Stage Door Canteen hals been sufficiehtly publicized in word and song to have provoked a good sized patronage for the film Substitute when it was ui town last week. Fi'om all indications', Such seems io have been the case. Those who’ve never been to the highly-touted GI nite club, managed to get a highly concentrated glimpse of the hoste$ses,.the celebrities and, in general, of the Inner workings of the place, ^pse who have, got a nostalgic delight from the movie. One soldier saill hfe'-even satv the table at which he sat with Ms jiartitulat Eileen. soling point, the movie offered 49 stars and 0 bands, but to this «^^fee^ver, its greatest asset went unheralded. To be sure, with such a gitab bag of talent, all of the entertainment was destined to suit some Mood^ and tastes While some of it was sure to suit all moods and tastes. Jih the latter category, no one would hesitate to include Ray Bolger with and patter; Harpo Marx and his all-too-bi ief series of antics; Gypsy Rose Lee and her literary strip and the Benny Goodman playing of ^‘llPhy Don’t You Do Right.” Thb'lotte-story was a slight but engaging one and not hard to endure, bpt SDC’s best item was its subdued lecognition of and tribute ^o all of the elements engaged in this war to obliterate fascism. The film insisted bh' emphasizing the fact that the Canteen draws no race lines and soldiers of all nations are welcome there. A Negro soldier, winner of the DSC, Wa8>einglod out for commendation; Chinese cadets we e saluted with their fighting song,Chee Lai; the crew of a Russian frei; hter was presented hpeaje for the Soviet ally. In fact, they wei-e all thei e—the Austi’alians, Sritisb, ‘‘the Canadians, the New Zealanders, t le Scots—reflecting spirit of good fellowship and unity that is bringing about victory ■over-fascism and insuring a more liveable world in the future. teETGilTS PROPER The men who’ve been demurring on joining the Ui ion really rolled up th^ir sleeves and let down their haii when it came to , illing out the recent questionnaire on the whys and wherefores of their decision to remain ‘‘independent”. Some of the reasons really lent impetus to the saying that the |>en is mightier than the sword. The Order of the Lop-sided Star, hpweVer, goes to the GI who wound up his list of reasons with . . besides, I’m having a baby.” Well! ■This only serves to illustrate that a soldier is seldom napping when it j£onms to pulling the proper comeback at the proper moment. For exai^pla, a math instructor was explaining the intricacies of dividing by Ka^ro-and to emphasize that it couldn’t be done, asked of the class, “Have you aver seen a pie so divided that each person gets a zero-th part of it?” “Bure have,’ ’someone replied in more than a stage whisper*, “at Cary Hall.” Another GI, who seemed to be taking the Chicago restriction rather bitterly and couldn’t accept the polio outbreak as a plausible ixeuse, was having the dangers of the disease explained to him. When tdld that it spreads, somehow or other, thi’u water, he moaned, “That’s exactly the point. After all, when you go to Chicago, who drinks water ? ” Hare’s another case. A soldier was Jilted by his girl friend just after he Went into tiie army. He received several sharp letters from her asking for the return of her picture. In disgust he finally gathered up a dozen female photos and sent them all to her with this note: “Pick your’s out . . . I’ve forgotten what you look like!” V ODDS ’N’ ENDS One of the neatest stories of the war is of the Sicilian-born corporal in.the U, S. Army who was reunited with his family when his unit entered his old home town during the recent campaign on that island. He left home when he was 15.... One tlyng ab^ut griping in the army is that it’s not without its bright spots. Even the gripes about the chow have been characterized by the usual GI humor. “Food will win the war”, someone wrote on the blackboard at the Union, “but how are we going to get the Jips to eat here?” Meanwhile, the^ introduction of the new trays has already brought about an apparent improvement in the mess. . . . YANK reVaals that the QMG is now manufacturing a gold-plated lapel button featuring a spread-wing eagle inside a circle to be issued to military personnel honorably discharged from the army. . . . Incidentally, subscription price of YANK goes from $1.60 to a deuce on Sfept. 1st. You nhay subscribe or renew before that date at the old rate. . . . The official poop is that men m \STP will NOT have to serve from 3 to 5 years a^ter the duration li they complete their training. This ought to scotch ^11 latrine-o-granib to the contrary. . . . Famous last words: Use locally as directed.
irmy Air Program Lowers Physical lei|uiremejits; Maybe You Can Make It
ASTP’s a fine thing and you thlnlc the world of it—^but maybe you’re one of those fellows who can’t help Ipoltiu'i: up wistfully every time one those trainer jobs scoots by overttedd, and thinking that, with a yi(»ak-—. Maybe you even tried to iqkke aviation cadet, and couldn’t quite get by that though physical. ,li you did, brother, it might be a
good idea to try again.
inhere are vastly increased oppor--1?»nities for cadets in the new Army program, and the physical standards have been appreciably lowered in aeveral regards. If you’re under ^6 you’re in on that score—and the saental .test should be a pushover
iorjm ASTP.
‘...The requirements have changed considerably lately, and if you’re at all interested, you owe it to yoursUf to ;get over to the battalion adjtitent’e office for a thorough check on whether or not you fit in now. You can get details on exactly how to apply there, too. , Although the new physical graduations are not so far removed from Hie old ones, there’s enough differohee to make quite a few more men
eligible.
!that old bugaboo of cadet appli©ahts, perfect vision, is now out of thd picture. You can make the grade with a 20-30 eyes, correctible ho.20-20, On depth perception, correction to 36 millimetei's will get
fou by.
Another long time i ejector, that xequirement of a perfect set of heath, is out too. You’ll get by on than that now. , The Schneider Ciiculatory Efficiency Test has been discontinued, gnd the blood piessure requireHicnts have also been lowered. Don't let this give you the idea thfit you can get by on crutches or their equivalent, but if you’re in good shape, and you like the irea of working away for those silver wings, its certai^ woi# a try.
■ ■ bureaucrats. Hire practical men
’i-
'i<Thih atiitudh of the self-named reillidts li'pfraitial for them; for, to
thaW/'piiacsfclhltMty is personal gain. ^ ^ ^
BdltoPs Not.: the Ktom Is the aetVlM H fife* practical for them Yision Institute
th^r Services to the people
Lieut, Ambrose
Speaks To industrial
mw&ma
Say, I thought sailors knew how to handle boats.
Last Saturday’s Army-Navy-Ma-rine Show at the Music Hall certainly went far m removing any duobt about the thespian ability of the servicemen on the campus. A
"they''d6 not dal’e to hire them- Lt. (j.g.) Dean Ambrose ad^S'b We kh^’Vhs'i'<C€^iiftly it is practical for dressed a group of psychologists,
Exponent, Union Building:. We’ll hash.it them to teach the people never to eye specialists and personnel men •out in th»B eolumn. talent and brains directly. Yhe at the Tuesday afternoon meeting ideali'&l'fi biggest money-makihg 'game has of the Industrial Vision InstitUtlSi , _ i. hiiddleman, Lt. Ambrose spoke on the genCjilfl Uniwersities nave ever beeM the these practical Men seek, Very topic of “Recognition df Prihfi'dly birthplace of humUrtitatiafi ideal- j^aturaily, to obntinud'mediating be- dnd' Hostile Airplaneb afid‘Sdlrface isM. Of these we college men'a4*e the’people'arid the irien of VeS^els” hnd he explairie'd’the^fihw duly proud. thought. Certainly it is practical to' technique used by the Navy to teach It is with growing uneasiness, ^g^ch the people to pay a middle- pilots and gunners the “spotting” therefore, that we behold the cur- jyj^n’s service charge, and tO dfeal skill necessAry in combat, rent viCious campaign to di^redit the rnffidtetnen/Lhe' “prac- Tbe'“Ren8haw' systk Of recbgniuniversities and their students ticall” men. ^ developed at Ohfo State Obviously those who defame it is practical, too, for these men University and was named afterDf. knowl^ge and idealism do so be- teach the eomriion man to accept RenshaW Of that infetitution; cause they recogni^ ^wei of distinetibn between ideal- means-of slidfes -knd'lant^rrih thk tiuth, when made knewn to all, to ^^^^d realists. All professors, and j,aval men are taught to recognize unmask those who diess their un- idealists are stupid dreamers who ^nd ships after a 1/100 BecS!!! n!ip Tt ■ exposure. This may sourid amdemociatic colors. It is the man, i-j^gij. jjg^ds in the clouds, the com- rjossihle but accordimr to Lt Amwho favors a selected clan to the ^hile the self accoidn^ to w. Am +1,., biosB, this skill May be acquired by detiiment of the gieatest numbei, named realists are pictured as great a+udv for an hour a daV fdr eight who yells the loudest about Ameri- practical wisdom who, ^s. ^
through some mystic process known T^g gjd and discarded method of as ruggedness, have acquired, while rgeognition was by parts; that M yachting and golfing, and uncanny ^.jjg pijgis and gunners would have sense of doing the right thing. i-g ]garn the differences in tvings, History has ever proved that the motors, tails etfc. between the vari-
fective practice. But, the real truth idealists haVe 'been' the ones with g^g pj^nes. The new method hf to seeker cannot be bought; therefore their ears pinhed to the earth where (.gagu ..up whole oiitHne of the vesdefamers of all colors (ranging they hear rumblings of inevitable Srand Inltead of “ from the Nazi, Fascist and Jap progress. And when the idealists total form is learned. PqopJ^ lords to the pettiest American ma- raise their heads to relate their in- h^ve to be taught to see in “wfiol^^'' chine politician) have ever been sights fhe self-named realists have according. to Lt. Ambrose; aince compelled to take further steps. eVer buried thfeir heads. ostHch-like, ^^.g^t of our education has be^ tq The second step, the one which oUr beneath the moUndsHof obstruction- ^reak down objects into their vnriinative defamers are now pursuing) ism they Create to block progress. ggs components. consists of ridiculing all thought History, to6, aceoUutS for the t„ gi-h^.,. to understand the whole and thinkers (usually under the f.g, that the tiUh-seekfer has ever understand the whol», ti+io nf tiutti seeicor nas ever ,t jg necessary to have some-knowJ-title of intellectuahsm ) and build- the humanitarian, while the gf the narts and nreliminar'y
mg up in the common people a dis- self.named realist has ever been the
, Hair, vbQor,tr«oni-no-nihet tVio iiTi ^““3^ n“® '‘'‘6 training IS givcn to the navy met? IP The men clad in khaki whom you dam and ifesentment agaihst the un- gbstructer. Throughout history, so- the forn> of specific instructions qs
canism and denounces most thoroughly the idealists who seek to
lift the veil of hypocrisy.
Most defamers try first to bribe universities; that is the most ef-
see on your campus are here as part selfishness of the men of thdught. In forces Work towards greater
to the various types of fuselages
of the Army Specialized Training Germany, Italy and Japan the ty- equality and opportunity for the and’related slructures of a plaV«.
Program. rants had to go even further by oc- gommon Plan. The thinker underlaree audience composed of soldiers withdrawal of young men cupying universities, imprisohing, g^^„^g
inifnve n,nrinp« .nnH civil- vai’ious College campuses educators and burning the best ^j^g orderly arrival of inevitable
by Selective Service created the books. progress. But the self-named realpossibility of a critical shortage of We know freedom-loving Amer- fearful for practical gain, specialists and well-trained man- ica will defeat the current campaign hlindlv obstructs the inevitahde power. The Army, realizing what before the defamers date attempt History has ever proved that the this shortage would mean to the a full blitzkrieg against knowledge gelf-pamed “realist” lacks realism war effort and to the peace that in Nazi style. But we cannot rest on “realist” admits, affollows, started its own prgoram of that confidence alone; for the per- ^g^^. unnecessary hardships and training. sistent lies of the vilifiets, backed blood-letting, that the idealist was Many colleges and universities in powerful interests, have de- j.jght and that it Would have been
ni-ino c:>iowp(l music ns it should be country have been selected as many into believing state- .yvjsei. more realistic, to have ac- •. m, • ^ j. ■ • p™o showed mus,c «s .1 shoold be and humanitarian p.-oei-eas when '“"'T ‘"""”8 Perhaps the most unusual feature these soldiers. The men have been idealists are stupid theorists. They ^^..g rumblings were heard by ’''^Pe'^ant that it lates second o
was the Navy M C Zielv Ma due taken from the ranks by means of »‘««t be straightejacketed in their ^j^g -^g^j-g^g. was the Navy M.L., namely Maime intp,.views nnri libraries. Power must go to the Corps Pvt. Edwards’ dummy. The vaiious tests and inteiviews and . , because thev know art of ventriloe-uism is a difficult tiave been sent to study in a field Pi^actical men because they know art 01 ventiiioguism is a ciitncuit i„aiviH.mi that what was good enough for our
one and Edwards did a good job in best suited to ei^ch indiv dual. Here at the University the stu- . . , „ „
IS good enough for us.
Demagoguery, dramatic lies, non-
sailors, marines, students and civil lan visitors really showed their en-
joyment and appreciation.
Variety and versatility were the keynote to the whole piogram. Entertainment stretched from farce to the esthetic m the foim of the Lochinvar skit and the glee club. Sports were represented in the boxing bouts while Cooperman at the
Models and pictures are used in tlje
instruction.
Lt. Ambrose said that two very
important phases of the instruCtiop is to teach the meti what they ate looking for and to mUke them lopk at the whole outline of the plane or
warship as the case may be. Lt. Ambrose, who is an optome-
trist by profession, teaches this new method at the Recognition School of the U. S. Navy here at the Uni-
navigation only.
putting his act across. Rather than
detract from his performance, the dent engineei’s are predominant in fact that his style is similar to Ed- number while men in the basic . gar Bergen’s added to the enjoy- courses and m personnel psychology ment of the audience. make up the rest of the army
The other emcee was Pvt. San- 8’roup.
foi’d Miesel who announced the When the training period, which army phases of the program. His lasts from three to eighteen months.
Pfc. Edward Bigot Report To OCS
his training the first part of Sep-
tember.
Before joining the armed forces Bigot was vice-principal of a Juti-
Pfc. Edward Bigot of the AST ior-High-School in Des Moinhs,
weapons of the defamers. Clear dis- program has just received orders to Iowa, and he is a teacher by profescussions are avoided because the report to Officer Candidate School sion. He has his MA degree from slightest understanding highlights at Foi’t Washington, Maryland. Bi- Columbia University in Secondary
the hypocrisy of their actions. They, got was recommended for OCS by Education.
who raise the loudest howl against his Star Board at Lincoln, Ne- While on the campus Bigot hfts
“hoola dance” still is a topic of dis- is completed these soldiers will be g^^jg^yig ^gg expert selfless braska and has been awaiting ac- been taking the AST course in ad-
cussion on the campus. Some of his placed in positions where their jokes feel a bit flat, but with some training will be of most value. The more experience in the art of story- system is greatly accelerated, when telling, Miesel should develop into a compared to a normal curriculum, good Master of Ceremonies. and the soldier must cover the work
You’ll have to establish citizenship for ten years prior to the date of application, date of birth, and your character and honesty, the latter by letters of recommendation from reliable people. You’ll still have to pass a pretty tough physical. You’ll have to pass the aforementioned written exam and you’ll have to be okayed by an Aviation
Cadet Examining Board. And if you make good ?
You’ll be transferred to Air Corps Unassigned, and eventually you’ll go off to a five month college course and from there into flying training. There are plenty of opportunities in all three of the major fields of flying cadet training-pilots,
navigators and bombardiers.
If you’ve got a grade now, you’ll be paid in it through pre-flight training prior to becoming a cadet. Once you become a cadet,*^00 get $76 a month, a ration allowance, and all the extras you’ve been get-
ting as un ordinary E.M.
U, S. P.H.S. Doctor Sent To Industrial
Vision Institute
The National Institute of Health has sent A Surgeon Joseph LoPresti to the current training com se in Industrial M Vision in an effort to further develop a piogram of eye hygiene in the army and in
industry.
While stationed at his home office with the National Society for the Prevention of Blindness in New York, Dr, Lo-Presti is under the authority of the Coast Guard but while he is in the field he is respon.sible to the army under the United States Public Health Service. The U.S.P.H.S. is a federal or(See DOC'rORf page 7)
trained men are the very ones who ceptance of his application while vanced personnel psychology,
will not hire, for their own enter- here at the University.
prises, any but the best educated. He thus becomes the first man Harvard ASTP trainees are getFor their own business the most ac- from the Personnel Psychology pro- ting an extra dividend in the form
• V, ir +V, f 1 -p . defamers establish large sur- gram of the AST at the University of lectures by such di^inguishod Music was in abundaBice. In addi- ^ e ime usua y a owee 01 experimental research to attend OCS. Fort Washington faculty members as former Chan-
tion to Cooper’s excellent piano- • staffs bent on developing change, prepares officers for service in the cellor Bruening of Germany atid playing there were the Navy-V-12 Here on the campus can be seen 'piiig jg rugged individualism, a Adjutant-Generals’ Department Professor Salvemini, Italian pre-
orchestia which “beat it out” to one phase of the enormous army proper understanding of the incom- ond Bigot will arrive there to start Fascist leader. . .
everyone’s satisfaction; the Glee program which will insure a contin- petence of the undtrained men (who
call themselves the “practical realists”) to handle the complicated problems of present day complex business; but no sooner do the common people hire teained men to serve all of society than the howl goes up, “Get lid of the impractical
Club which in its fiist appearance ual flow of specially trained men.
did very well; Bob Piper, vocalist and Pvt. Berardi accordianist for the army. Berardi was outstanding in his ability to pound the keys on
the “wind-box”.
Unfortunate it was that the round intervals in the boxing bouts
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
Vacation Is Over anej
You’re in Top Shape Again
slowed down the show. It was one of those things that couldn’t be helped, but the time lapses dragged on the whole performance and the “letdown” was difficult to overcome after each bout. But the boxers did give out and satisfied those interested in the art of ring-work, even without a ring. The army take-off on Scott’s story of Lochinvar provided the farce for the evening. The idea was clever and its presentation was good. Considering the lack of opportunity for rehearsal, the players did an excellent job of bantering about the stage and making cracks about the V-one through eights-inclusive. Literally outsanding were the costumes of the maids-in-waiting of our heroine. They certainly put up a good front. The program was completed with a performance by the Army-Navy Band which presented some rousing music for the entertainment of all. With such a performance undor their belts, let’s hope that the program committee will make sure that more of our local talent is exploited for the entertainment of all. It was really good, fellows. The Happy Hour, formerly a Navy featuie, was under the direction of Lt. (j.g.) Lee Somers Welfare and Recreation Officer, Naval Program and 1st Lt. -Samuel Naismilh. Recreation Officer of the ASTP Battalion. They were ably assisted by Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting and Chief Specialist Bernard Loft.
Save Here on All Your Purdue Supplies Engineering Drawing Supplies, Fnrm “B" and All Fnrm Papers, Binlngy Supplins Study Lamps Slide Buies Purdue Stationery
PURDHE Sc-)!1.00 STORE , ( is » 304 State St. West Lafayette^ Ind.
BUT — What About Your CLOTHES?
Phone 4081
DELIVCRY fREE
Northwe&l'ern at* Vine Street^ (
Tuesday, August M, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Pam'7 I .
Freshman Students
Dean Of Men ^^{eomes Students ’ A heai^y welcome to the entering irishmen of our 1943 Semi-term, ^ou are about to enroll in a great ipstitution, under an accelerated j^rpjgram brought about by the exi^^Hcies of war. ‘‘/lillany students who have pre-
You are always welcome in tpis office and if we can be of service at any time we want you to feel free to call Upon us. FRED I. GOLDSMITH Dean of Men.
School Of Pharmacy Pharmaceutical science and technology ha? been engaged in an allout effort to produce ithe drdgs and medicines needed to prevent and cure disease in a wartime world. The quantities of drugs required for the military forces and civilians of our country dnd thfe nations with whifeh we are allied beggar the imagination. To meet these requirements the production of vaccines, anesthetics, vitamins* bfood plasma.
^ jb;, QCKTiSMiTff
ceded you were intei’ested in a college education primarily because of tLe promise of futui’e returns in ckeh, but the depression of a decade ago taught us the fallacy of such a notion. Ctf all the values of education, cash return should rate at the bottdhi of the list. Education should dqptnbute to a man’s spizitual and mental estate and make it possible f6r him to be happier and more useful to society. All other values should be secondai’y. So I urge you to try to feel that you are entering Pui’due University for the sake of the fine experiences thkt you will have; for the opportunity of associating with a select group of young people of your own age; to hqye the privilege of access to a splendid library; to have contact with staff members who are expbi'ts in their fields; to express yourself in classroom discussions; arid to enjoy a type of social life peculiar to student groups.
of those nations allied with us in the war, and of the countries being conquered. This extended health service will require the large scale production of drugs and medicines. It will also require the sei vices of increased numbers of pharmacists and pharmaceutical scientists. We are pleased to extend our welcome to all students entering Purdue^ at this time. We specially ■Welcome those who plan to enter upon studies for the profession of pharmacy. The* need for men and women pharmacists in retail pharmacy, hospitals, manufacturing plants, governmental laboratories, and many other agencies is urgent. Opportunities to serve mankind and build a successful career await those who qualify for the profession. GLENN L. JENKINS, ^ Dean, School of Phaimacy.
to prepare yourself for technical leadership at a timri When there is a grekt need for scientifically trained men and women. At no time in history has there been a greater need for men arid women trained in the various phases of technical agriculture and forestry. The war may soon be over, and wifh peace will come the demand for trained leadership in agriculture and its related industries. The Agricultural staff hopes that your work at Purdud will give you the inspiration to make the most of your opportunities. V^ith best wishes for a successful career. H. J. REED, Dean, School of AgJficulture.
and brriader understanding of society which you should gain from your University experience. As you become involved in the day-to-day demands of class work and activities, may you not lose sight of the high puiTposes which move you now. If we can be of help to yop in any way, please tell us. That is why we’re here. CLARE A. COOLIDGE Acting Dean, of Women.
io that you can contribute ntOst to an early victoiy. A. A. POTTER Dean, Schools of Engineering.
To Purdue Freshmen The Agricultural facility 'and
and many other pharmaceuticals has been increased from ten to a hundred fold. The antimalaiial drug, atabrine, produced in quantities of 6,000,000 tablets per year in 1939 satisfied all demands. In 1943
To The New Stii^nts Of Purdue University The staff of the Office of the Dean of Women greets you all. We are glad to see so many young men and women who realize the value of University education in war timd. Your presence here today indicates
Message From Jhe Dean Of Engineering College''stud4nts’. Women.ai'wall as men, must realize that they^canhot “tarry on as usual”. They aye in a sense furloughed from participation in active war effort, in order that they may prepare themselves to contribute most during this the greatest crisis in the history of our country. The side shows of college life have no play other than to provide essential recreation needed to keep in good physical and emotional condition. The war is far from won and
To The Home Economics Freshmen To you who enter the University this September I wish to extend a sincere welcome and to wish you a happy and successful year in the University. May you find friends who will be interesting, work that will be challenging and activities that are enjoyable. You come to a campus alive with war training activities and young men working very hard to be pre-
ToYfirr^siimeii tp. The School Of Sctene^ We greet you and welcome yoftf ftl your venture into education and realize that there will be maity questions that will confront you. To that end we wish to have you fekl free to come to my office for conference and advice, at any time. The subjects you will have ^ - — i.wf...
-H. d. ISseD
7^
this drug is being produced at the staff extend you a warm welcome to rate of 2,600,000,000 tablets. ^ this institution. Plans now in progress are direct- You aie one of a privileged ed toward more extended medical group, and we hope that you will care Tor the people of our country, make the most of your opportunity
/HiCP CMRe CocA/itaB
that you feel you can be of greater serivce with the specialized training
and every one of us must redouble our efforts if our people are to be saved from slavery and our country from total destruction. As students it is your patriotic duty to prepare yourselves quickly and thoroughly
3)£/)A/ mm L,MATr-f^Ei\lP
pared fon service to their country. When young women come into such an environment they should accept the program of hard Work, few vacations and time only for limited social activities. Through such acceptance you too are preparing to serve. If your work is too hard or you meet other difficulties come to the faculty member's in the School of Home Economics and we will try to help you. My best wishes to you for a happy year. We hope we may personally know each of you before the year is over. MARY L. MATTHEWS Dean, School of Home Economics
OR HOWARD E.BNDERS
your curriculum will enable you to qualify for work in the fields of science that make a direct contribution to the war effort, if you are qualified to do superior work in Chemistry, Physics, Biology or Mathematics. At the present time there are more demands in these fields than the University can filK You have our best wishes and cooperation in your undertakings. HOWARD E. ENDERS, Dean, School of Science.
Doctor
(Continued from page 6) ganization under the direction ,of the Surgeon-General. Dr. Lo-Pr^Sti is specifically interested in anything that has to do with the eyes arid thus such things as goggles for soldiers in Africa, visual rehabilitation of war casualities, toxic effects of gases on vision, and programs eye care in industry and the army are especially important to him.
Welcome Freshmen
\ \
NEW AND USED BOOKS
f f
an
School Supplies for All Courses 6 \ (Disi^qsufL muL JC amt ^ (Dhawinq. \ „ ^ J’O/UfL fijOpPA. FREE—BLOTTERS, CAMPUS MAPS, CLASS SCHEDULE CARDS I ‘“s' "Ghoimd, ihjL QtfinsUi, piom, ihs, lAmonJ’ UNIVERSITY BOOK
M. C. "Red" Sammons, '29
*So Handy’
R. W. "Doc" Epple, '40V
*?***'^*^***********?|?'^^*^?*F*^W^*®^^9S^^W^Sf^5?7W?^^ f,'. '; I . _ , \ TuesSdy, Sugust 31,
BE AC
Hello Freshman! '"Bully for Old Purdue.” You will hear that thunder across the Ross-Ade Stadium, Purdue’s football gridiron, this^ Fall from thousands of young and old voices. Congratulations on your choice of Colleges. You have picked the best college in the United States. For thirty-five years, "Deac’s” has served the boys and girls of Old Purdue. We have a college store that is owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue students. All of the boys and girls that work in Deac’s are students of Purdue. Deac has everything for a college education, and the friendly spirit has made some 30,000 Purdue students my friends. ' / " We sell all of the college books and supplies used at Purdue; and this year we have thousands of second-hand books as well as new books. After thirty-five years service, we know we have everything you will need or want while at Purdue. The students often try to ask us for things we do not have, but we generally can produce what they want. The best merchandise at the lowest price. If you buy all of your drawing supplies and drawing instruments at the same time, we give you a 10% discount.' If you are going to take engineering, you will need a slide rule, and we sell the famous K & E Slide Rule; these are the rules that all of the Engineering students use. You can’t be an Engineer without a slide rule. We are also the Western Union and Postal Telegraph branch office, the branch office for the Railway Express and the Greyhound Bus Station at Purdue, and a Sub United States Post Office. You will like our store. We haVe spme 3,000 boys and girls who leave their money at our store for safe keeping. It costs nothing, and you can draw it out day or night. We have rendered this service for thirty-five years, and beginning in September, we will start our thirty-sixth year. You are always welcome at Deac’s. We are the exclusive representative for Whitman’s wonderful box candy. We have a regular 10c store in one department, everything 10c, even Purdue crested stationery at 10c. We sell tooth paste, soap, and other toilet articles. We sell Sheaffer, Parker, and Wahl Eversharp Fountain Pens and Pencils. We have been the distributor of the gym equipment used in the Physical Education classes, and we will handle it again this year. We print and sell the Purdue Recipe File. We sell all makes of golf balls and golf clubs, baseballs and bats, gloves, tennis balls and rackets, badminton birds and bats, Purdue Jewelry with the Purdue crest or seal on each article. If you have personal questions and troubles, and you will have, we are also at your command. We have helped thousands of students. Don’t hesitate to come in and ask me to help you. Come and meet the nicest bunch of girls and boys you ever saw in one store. If your father and mother come with you, I would like very much to meet them. Please bring them in with you. JMost girl students take. Applied Design, and we sell all of the equipment that they use at the lowest price. This is a real service to you, and you will appreciate it. / This is a long letter, and I thank you for reading it. Hoping to see you soon, I beg to remain.
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER Book
ESTULISHiD 190 8
325 State Street
,.t;v
C. REISNER, JR.
V