1i
I I
I i i - t f
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 117
liic/enfs Battle Over Question Of Neatness |iipOrter Regrets Lack Of Shave As Coeds Blast Masculine Attire, Grooming, Appearance <v ' By Ed Stephenson r woMs and ugly looks flew between eds and coeds as S ers were given for the survey question, “Do you think vetage University student of the opposite sex is sloppier jfes than are students elsewhere ?” The general concensus ,^|)|hion for both men and women about women and men was
“Yes”.
ih the other pasture is always greener, and most stuinterviewed compared University eds and coeds with the Swohjington boys and girls, Men took the worst lambasting with 89 per the feminine opinionists saying, “Men here have given up; they iipoltdike the dickens.” Only 11 per ceht of the coeds were soft-hearted to say about the men, “They’re average.” No coed, however, §ay that the men here Were interested enough to even try to look
n|iai4r than the average^college male.
iiidbtirfaissLn'g Moments
^iS6*of the most embarrassing moments for the surveyor came when Ranking high as a campus young coed in a Lana Turnerish sweater turned on him and said, problem has been that of pick‘^^{fhaVe the nerve to ask a question like that, in those rag-pile refugees name for the song convo
you’re wearing?” After that, only men Were inteiwiewed on the
* Come on You South Wind!
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, April 6,
Four-Fifths V-12 Men To Stay Here
? Convocation To Feature ?
Come And See
Mystery Show
Scabbard And Blade Will Dance To Mahn
,K in their opinions were considerably more lenient toward the women tfikh'the coeds were with respect to the men. Six per cent of the men Were drastic enough to say they thought that the average University coed managed to look even nicer than other college girls do. The campus Wui)lan-power shortage may have influenced this vote. The poor boys prO|jhbly hadn’t seen a real girl since their high school days. . An even 34 per cent of the men begrudged the coeds a place in the “aVefage” ranks of American college’s womanhood. Sixty per cent held tg the majority opinion that, “The coeds are too confident; they look like ihe dickens.” With the men slightly on the charitable side, the results sCfem to be a deadlock pointing to both sloppy men and women.
Mett In Uniform
Ivlen in uniform plagued the results of the survey from start to finish. Eirst, the interviewer was informed that men in the army were not permitted to answer questions for polls without the expr-ess permission of,|kftir commanding officer. Thus, none of the,advanced military studanW wore questioned. The old maxim, “There’s something about a soldieb . . .” seemed to effect the University’s females. Several coeds said, “I'he average student is terribly sloppy, but the army has done wonders. THpa^ men in uniform look sooooo handsome.” Even with 7:30 hours,
tfed.aipmy men seem to be doing all right.
, A glimmering of hope for the men was expressed by oile girl who said, “They’be pretty bad, but they are improving little by little.” Downright bitter were the women who expressed such sentiments as the following: *<^T*hey're not half as ‘joey’ as the I. U. boys”; “They don’t seem to care”; “^UdOKjpg like a tramp at a convocation is unforgiveable”; “Nuts”.
Q^eaUoited In Groups
to be held' Saturday night in the Music Hall at 7:30 p. m. under the management of A1
Stewart.
According to J. K. Gustafson, publicity manager, the program is so complex and radical that no satisfactory name could be agreed upon, and therefore the result has been to call it
a ? Convo.
Although the entire proceedings
have been cloaked with a shroud being gleaned by the students. Pickof seci’ecy, this much can be re- ers harvest only standing corn, so
High Schools Close To Save Farm Crops
leased: there will be a strip tease. The nature of the display cannot yet be revealed, but the committee promises to reveal everything Sat-
urday night.
“There is positively no purpose to the convo,” was Gustafson’s answer to the “why” question. He said that there will be no War Bonds or Stamps offered for sale. The Ked Cross will positively not take up a collection, although they
students were questioned in groups, trouble invariably started. individually oi as a
March Bids Also Allow Entrance
Annual Scabbard and Blade dance, featuring Maury Mahn, will be held in both ballrooms of the Union this Saturday. A
Indiana farmers throughout the formal dinner for active memstate are having their last year’s bers, their dates and Special corn crops saved' by high school gUests will be given. FolloWboys and girls. Several fields that ing this, they will attend the had been harvested by pickers are convocation where a special section
hks been reserved. The dance will
then begin at 9:00 p. m.
Scabbard and Blade Crest will be centered on a blue backdrop with enlarged Field Artillery and an Ordnance Crest completing the design. Between both ballrooms a huge blade will be hung and in the corners of the ballroom the regimental colors and the national Scabbard and Blade colors will be
placed.
Bids Honored Dave Heckard, president of the Scabbard and Blade, announced re-
Navy To Offer Three Full Terms Each Year Four-fifths of the student reservists who will go on adlive duty in the Navy College Training Program on July 1, will either stay where they are, to complete their college careers according to previous plan, or, if enrolled in a college having no Navy quota, will be transferred to a Navy allocated college offering similar courses in the fields of their major interests. The primary purpose of this Navy College Training Program is to disrupt as little as pos-
Wbisn a coed said, “The men here are revolting”, her date replied, “The ettedd are even more revolting’*. Both turned on the innocent interviewer. In ft gi’oup of girls, one coed said, “Those horrible crew-cuts make them terrible”. Her companion flashed back with, “Oh, crew-cuts are aSdrable.” The sounds of strife grew rife before an opinion could bo
r^ftchbd.
it A dour-looking senior answered the question by saying, “The quality otf'their clothes is good, the way they wear them is fair, but their hair .1.’. it’s taiserable.” Another complaint registered by the stronger sex wtld' “Coeds here don’t set the pace. They just follow the leader, and nfiver start any style until it’s outmoded.” 'I’ypidftl Masculine Excuse . Thfe typical masculine excuse was well voiced by the ed who said, “Wfe’re far sloppier than most college men are, but what sane student Wbftld ever wear good looking clothes while he’s setting machinery, weldbouring acids and other chemicals or sweeping the cow barns ? We’re yidtlttlS of the circumstances.” Coed opinion seemed to be, “Men bring thft feminine sloppiness on themselves. Their lack of care fails to inspire thd girls to new heights.” Apparently the only hope for the campus males is that Uncle Sam soon,calls them all to wear his khaki zoot suits, so all the coeds will be able to coo, “Those men in uniform look sooooo handsome.” Even then, thdrb Will always be some females like the cynical coed who said in very cutting tones, “The male sex is always sloppy.”
Pet.
Pet.
"
i Men
Women
Degree
Are
Are
sloppy ...
89
60
Average .
11
34
Well dressed .
00
06
body if they wish to sing.
The best news yet, he says, is that the Debris^ will not run any contest of any sort, nor will they take advantage of the opportunity
to announce a rise in price.
Music Room Concert T0 Present Paul Funk Sunday afternoon at 4 p. m. the Student Union will present Paul Funk in a piano recital in the Music
Room of the Union buildin’g.
Funk, a music student at Indiana University, will play selections by both classical and contemporary composers. Students and towns-
people are invited to attend. F. I. Goldsmith
. . . Dean of Men, has returned to the campus after several days’ visit to Ohio State University where he was attending a meeting of the National Association of
Deans and* Advisors of Men.
Even Professors Work Number 61 Exposed With
inium
And
Help Of Dr
Family Pearce
By George Sommer ' Many people have marveled at the power of a beam of light projectihg a picture upon a distant sateen or lighting a performer on tile Stage. Young and old alike have ■^^jine^sed the so-called ‘flint’ in a cfifftrette lighter and the glass-like glaze, on colorful pieces of pottery. TKbSe represent some of the main upos for that mystifying group of strangely similar elements occupying that open space between 6G and 72 on the periodic chai't. These elements are commonly referred to as the rai’e earths. There are many interesting stories and much fascinating reseai’ch to be related on this group of little known substances. An interesting member of this family is number 61 known as Illinium. The stoi'y of its discovery reads more aS if it were written for a paper hard-up for news than scientific routine. Scientific Research ' In the middle of the last decade at the University of Illinois, a group of scientists were patiently working on what they believed to be a new element. Those men were working in cooperation with the U. S. Bureau of Standards. The clues to the existence of this element were, primarily, the appearance of wave-lengths in the spec-
trum analysis of elements 60 and 62 which were characteristic of neither of these elements; secondly, photographic plates of absorption specti'a; and thirdly, the results of certain X-ray lines. Working with these scientists as part of his graduate work, was our own Prof. D. W. Pearce of the Chemistry Department. Although these men were not able to actually isolate any of the pure element, they believed their evidence sufficient to announce the existence of this element and name it Illinium, after the university at which the research had been conducted. Numerous Discoverers However, now their troubles just began. Shortly, word was received that a group of Italian chemists had done similar work previously but had kept the I'esults in a vault. They proposed the name Florencium, after their university. Not to be outdone, a group of Germans advanced similar claims, and the University of New Hampshire also made a bid for the discovery. The work at Illinois, however, continued. If one accepts the work done in this country, 61 would be the first element to be discovered in this countr'y with the exception of Ionium, an isotope. Professor Pearce IkS working
quite extensively on the separation of some of these rare earth elements. The process is one of tedious fractional crystalization. A visit to the laboratory reveals shelves of large Florence flasks which are full of various colored solutions of different consistency. One of those working on this project is Fred Fitch (of ‘rise and shine’ fame). To give you an idea as to the patience required, some of the batches have been going for over four years and they aie not nearly done yet. Some of the elements are not particularly hard to isolate, but generally those in the second half of the family are particularly difficult to obtain. In this laboratoiy is an instrument called the radio spectrograph. It was made in the Physics department and is quite an elaborate piece of equipment. A tungsten filament is used with a potential of 20,000 volts. With this instrument and by approaching the problem through a knowledge of geo-chemisti'y. Doctor Pearce believes that the future might reveal much in this field. This work being done on our campus is outstanding in its nature, and although the results may not be intensely practical, they will add their bit to t|ie vast store of human k|nowledge.
much of last year’s crop was left
in the field.
Pine Village School Excused Last week boys from Pine Village were excused from school to help gather the corn, and this week 12 girls were dismissed to form separate crews. In one field alone the students were able to save as much as 30 bushels that had been left by the picker. The high school students have been working on farms owned by Glenn Brutus, Chester Ritenour, and Jacob Ritenour.
«
Parental Consent A similar program is being planned for other communities. County Agent S. B. Pershing started a cr-ew gleaning at Romney this week. Separate crews are formed by boys and girls. All who work must have parental consent; they are under the supervision of teachers. Students provide their own lunches and are paid 40c per hour. Answer To Labor Shortage Use of students on the farm has been suggested as one possible answer to the farm labor shortage. High school students are asked to do their part. Washington High Holds Spring Meeting For Physical Fitness Annual spring meeting of the Indiana Association for Health, Physical Education, and Reci’eation was held at George Washington high school, Indianapolis, last Satui’day, April 3. All high school principals and physical education directors were invited to attend. In the morning session the program was devoted to the use of obstacle courses, medical exams and records, calisthenics and relays. Afterward there was a business meeting. In the afternoon John B. Kelly from Washington, D. C., assistant director of the Office of Defense Health and Welfare services, gave the address. Demonstrations After Kelly’s talk, a high school student demonstrated self testingactivities and class work. Discussion of the demonstrations was led by Dr. Lloyd Messersmith, of DePauw, Mrs. Clara Hester of Normal College, and Irene Foster of Bloomfield. Duiing the afternoon the highlights of the various programs over the state were given. The meeting was brought to a close with a showing of motion pictures of Army and Navy conditioning activities. Military Department Tq Award Medals
Student Senate To Sell Senior Invitations, Beginning April 8 This year, as in the past, the senior class will have announcement and invitation booklets, which will go on sale April 8 at the cashier’s office in the Executive building between 8 a. m. and 4 p. m. and in the Student Senate from 4 p. m. to 5:30 p. m. According to the senior committee it was doubtful for some time whether or not the class would have these booklets, due to the difficulty in getting the materials and the rush in preparing for graduation. In the past, two booklets were made for graduation, but this year there will be only one. Contents Of Booklets The program will be bound with
cently that the bids given for the a white leatherette cover and will
dance scheduled March 19 will be honored Saturday night. All Naval and Army officers will be admitted free.
have a black and gold tassel. Pictures of the more important buildings on the campus and the names
sible the academic work of reservists now in college. The Navy does insist, however, that all colleges and universities holding Navy contracts under this progp-am offer three sixteen weeks terms in each calendar year, the first term to begin on or about July 1, 1943. Important Purpose A second important purpose is to allow college administrations and faculties to make the shift to the new, fully prescribed V-12 curricula by stages and thus avoid undue dislocations in their academic program. Therefore colleges under contract to the Navy will not be deluged with freshmen, but will receive transfers at all levels, from second term freshmen to second term seniors, plus entering freshman classes of approximately normal size in relation to the total quotas for all classes. Academically these students will complete their college training on the basis outlined in the announcement of March 1, 1942.,If they are medical or dental students or engi-
of the members of the graduating peering specialists they will corn-
class will be in the booklet.
'Engineer' Will Send
Copies To Men
Leaving University Fot Msgszine
Neyhart Writes
Men leaving for the Army and anyone else who will not be here next semester are urged to leave their new forwarding addresses at
Appearing in the April issue of Radio Craft is an article entitled “Submarine Detection” by Floyd B. Neyhart. This article appeared in
the Engineer office if they want the Engineer in January, 1943.
their Engineer sent to them, according to Jack Kimbrell, Engineer editor. Since the Engineer operates on a twelve months a year basis, those who subscribed for issues following the one this month will continue to receive them. It is important that the new addresses be handed in to someone on the Engineer staff or the office on the third floor of the Union as soon as possible.
Now with the Naval Ordnance Laboratories in Washington, D. C.,
plete the work for their de^eeft. Other reservists, except present senioi's, will leave college before completing four full terms of academic work, but they will bp required by the Navy merely to complete the special group of courses originally designated as the minimum in preparation for general
service.
Same Military Status Although such reservists will be in the same military status as all others involved in the V-12 program, none of them will be required
Neyhart was formerly a student at to enter the new, fully prescribed the University, and received a de- V-12 curricula. But within the limgree in Mechanical Engineering, its of their desired major interest, He was a member of the Acacia it is hoped that they will wish to fraternity while on the campus. include as many of the V-12 pubThe article deals with a modern jects as possible. Every effort wUl method of detecting the presence be made to send these men to instiof submarines and also with dif- tutions offering excellent instrucferent methods of underwater com- tion in the fields of their special munication. (See V-12 MEN, page 4)
Fashions Go To War .. Coeds To View
Super Style Show
Today At 4 P. M. In Home Ec Building
Military Department will present the U. S. Field Artillery Association Medal, the Frank M. Carey Cup, and the Army Ordnance Association Medal this morning at 11:15 during an outdoor formation of the Corps on Intramural Field. The public is invited to witness the presentation and the review which will follow. In event of unfavorable weather the ceremonies will be held in the Armory.
By Marian Donham Today at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium, Mrs. Louis Huston, Educational Director for the Ameiican Bemberg Corporation of New York City, will conduct a style show which is really worthy of moie than just the name “style show”. The show is one which will give a view of what American designers and fabric makers are doing about fashions since they have been cut off from outside countries by shortages and other war-time difficulties. Authority On Fabrics Mrs. Huston, acknowledged expert on synthetic fabrics and their care, has traveled in all parts of the United States and in most countries abroad, either spreading her knowledge about fabrics or learning new facts to further enlighten the American women about materials. During her frequent trips abroad she has studied tiends in fabrics, color, construction and fashions. Besides lecturing, i^he has written many articles on the subject which have appealed in leading publications. Originals To Be Fashioned “Fashions Go To War” is the title of the presentation which will be shown today. The theme is based on the efforts of the Traphagan
School of Fashion to make American designers come into their own— to create original American fashions. In the style show there will be shown eight original models of dresses worn by fasihonable American women during eight critical periods of history when oui- country was at war. These dresses are part of a collection of over a thousand kept in the Traphagan Museum and used as an inspiration to designers to create original American designs. Create New Costumes With these eight dress styles in mind, the students at Traphagan designed eight new costumes made entirely of materials approved by the War Production Board for the fall of 1943. Along with the eight historical dresses, the new styles designed for modern 1943 women to wear in their busy lives will be shown. Interestingly enough, the materials used in these modern costumes are all Bemberg rayon in some form. Wool, silk, cotton—the old standbys—are forgotten and unnecessary. The new rayons -are gay, wearable and definitely varying in texture. Care of Fabrics Much of Mrs. Huston’s work is centered in presenting these new materials to American womep, and above all, teaching them how to care
for the'fabrics properly. She presents new fashions with new ^terials, which are “beautiful and dutiful” to quote her words. The eight historical dresse? being styled come from the period of American wars beginning with the Revolutionary War and ranging^up to the First World War. The crepes, brocades and other iiow scarce materials used in ^|^se dresses are all very well suhsti|Jited for by the new rayons in the ipiq^ern versions. Keynote Is Simplicity Mrs. Huston pointed out that along with requiring the production of new fabrics to take the plaee of wools and silks, now not so available, the war has also caused the good basic line of design in fashions to again come into the picture. Of necessity the emphasis in fashions is now one of simplicity, straight and simple lines; but these are the designs which really should be the keynote. Coeds To Model The dresses used in Mrs. |Iu8ton’s show will be modeled bgllMBIo bers of the clothing classes in the University. These clothes are called the “dresses with the college cdgUd* tion”, getting such a label baeauM they have been shown and "Wfuni hY college women in 26 Americ»n legs.U<i- ^
4 /‘s
■ru
a-f* .r ■£
I f 1 , ‘ ^ I " S 4, f. .W
jPo^e ^
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, April 6, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices Edilorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs Fieldhouse Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Honorary Editor William G Hoskins
\\ ith the Color
Editor Bnsiness M'inaK:cr News Editor Manamng' Editor Senior Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Exccutnc
Dale E Butz Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Bosw inkle Sally Beall James G Petty Joseph S Dawson Jean leaner A Jane Keim
* Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors F J Vegh T T Richardson T L Tilton W H Tyson W L V rmilion M L Smith C C Martin dell E Muri hy , , , „ Coed Staff Phyli s Mann Martha I ce R KBS Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Sports Staff C Sowards J Ackerman D Slryer R Smith Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager J F pi Advertising Managers J Fle\on C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kroopl n Accounts Manager Mary Dilts
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Vermil on Sports Editor Shrycr Day Editor Wilbur Issue Editor Forsythe Workers Grotues R char 1 on Somn ers tionham Speck Yargar Hammcl W inslo v Abbott
Entered second class n atter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under tl e act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 191 author z d January 20 1922 Fubl shed on luesda Tl rs lav hr lay and Sun 1 y n rnings duni be year Delivered locallv bv cnrriei f i "'ll j for a semester o HOfrtv-o rt by ma 1 for ifZ 00 for a semester r 83 0 tor two semester^ Represented for natonal ad ert s ng by National Adverts ing Seiiiee Inc College Pi blishers Representatives 420 Madiaon Ave New York N 1
Sjilwiai, StldpsA.
Where Were The Students?. . . Although a faiilv laige audience attended the religious convocation held m the Music Hall Sunday moinmg, the ciowd was noticeably lacking in student attendance Most of the people who heaid Di Sockman talk on “This Nation Undei God ’ wei e faculty membei s oi townspeople and onl> a very few weie the students foi whose benefit the leligious convocations were oiiginally arianged The religious convocation committee had gone to much expense and bother to ai range the program foi the conv ocation and the musical organizations undei Al Stewart had put in several houis of practice foi Sundays piogram Othei officials had devoted portions of then valuable time in oidei that the program might be a success and yet the students evidently did not considei v oi th then v/hile to attend the conv ocation Could it be that the students of the Umveisitj autend local chuich seivices so regularly that thej couldn’t miss one Sundav*^ This would ceitan’j bf commendable if it were tiLie, but we aie of the opinion that the absence of students can be tiaced to other causes In the first place students are inclined to look upon Sunday foienoon as a day of lest, particularly as far as church is concerned Staying in bed and leading the papeis are common occuriances on Sunday morning and other excuses for not attending church are easily foi mulated A very small percentage of the people concerned may have been studying and others probably were out of town oi unable to attend foi some othei legitimate leason This IS a flee countrj and one ot the coi nerstones of its foundation is religious freedom No one will foice us to go to religious conv ocations, but it does seem that w e as stu dents would take moie inteiest in the lehgious convocation progiams since ve aie paying foi them out ot oui Univeisity tees No one will ask the con\ ocation hsteneis to dgiee oi dis agree with the convocation speakei but at least the ideas presented should give us all food foi thought One thing that is ceitain is that the students of the Uni\ ei sity can not de live any majoi benefits fiom a leligious convocation by not being there —d e b j
Lt. Robert- B. Reed
hay been ] loinotcd ii ii the lank oi Lusis^ri
in the I S N K A student in the ljnj\eisit\ in the
ML School Jteed is i niembei ol t j Kapjia Phi
eiiteicd tl e \avj in Jui c 1 li nd altei lea\in{, the eountij ioi acti\e du > ii \o enibei 1942 has been
static led on so\ti il i 1 ui 1 ii tin SJ^C1
rtcen (d his y u i Chriuli Icvas
It t K \ \ il \ 1 Statioi It ( oipus
FireJ- Lf. R. B. Moore liost cjuaiteii wstci e^ecut v( rfhcei s attend ing-(juaiteimastci sehool it f am) Jci \i and will Tttuin to his duties ut Kcins 1 leld Utah iij m „)ad nation The lieutenant is a lesidei t i Gieeneastle wheie he Mas a 2onc suptrvisoi loi a Uuekinj, eoiu panj He was eommissioind 1 ist Jii e aid i a j,i id Date ol tin Univcisits
nk mSHMfiTOH f ■'Im Rut u \ t>i| OH Merry-go-round By DREW PEARSON Food Czar Davis FBedges Support To Keep Farm Prices Stationary; Rockefetler Borrows To Pay Check WASHINGTON—Inflitionibt faim leadeis had hopes that Food Cs-ai Chestei Davis might be amen able to piessuie on behalf of highci faim pi ices But they got i lough shock at a White House meeting at tended by Davis the Piesident Secretaiy of Agiicul tine Wickaid and the chiefs of foiu farm oiganiza tions Davis let it be known in no unceitaui terms that he w isn t going to take dictation from anybody except the President Iheie had been skepticism about this because of Davis’ close tie in with the American Farm Bureau Federation However the food czai dispelled such misgivings during an exchange with Farm Buieau Boss Ed O Neal and James Patton, president of the National Farmers Union O Neal the caliph of the inflationist farm lobby, was' demanding that Davis be given “full and complete” powers over farm prices “Mr Davis cant function effectively if his hands aie tied by the OPA Mr President,” O’Neal said ‘He should have broad discretionary authority with re spect to prices ” The Faim Bmeau leader didn t bothei to add that neithei could Davis function effectively if he weie undei piessuie fiom the Faim Buieau and the lobby pushing faim puce inflation Howevei the two fisted Patton mteivened ‘Im foi giving Ml Davis all the authoiity he needs Patton mteiiupted but with one reseiva tion I would like to have it understood that he not use his authority to boost faim puces to inflationary levels I leahze that the puces of some commodities are too low and need ad3nstment but we simply have got to diaw the line somewheie Otheiwise laboi will demand wage incieases because of highei living costs and we 11 be on the highioad to uiiconti oiled inflation befoie we know it ® Wi!l Consider SmaSI Farms ‘ lou don’t ha\e to uorry about me doing anj thing like that, Jim ’ Davis assured him ‘ I see eye to eye with you on the question of farm prices They must be kept from using and Im going to do all in my power to keep them from rising ’ This was a diiect shot at O Neal but it didn t faze the Farm Bureau chief He turned right aiound and gaie the President a big sales talk for the Bankhead bill, which would greatly increase farm prices by super imposing soil conservation and other farm benefit payments on parity ceilings O Neal contended that many cotton amT^airy farm ers would be squeezed mut hv current parity ceilings I had to do a lot of lobbjing to get the Bankhead bill thioUgh Congiess he grinned inferring that all his hard work would be waited if the President vetoed the bill The president made no comment, but evinced keen interest in a statement by Patton on the economic plight of the little familj faimer Patton asoeiteil that these small faimcis aic the ones who v/ould be squeezed out unless the govern ment stopped the concentiatmg of food pioductio i on big well equipped faims instead of ual ing macliinezy electiic powei incl othei facilities ivailibel to seveial million small faims If this weie done Patton said wai food pioduction could be almost doubled You heal a lot of talk about the extinction ol little business because of the concentration of wai contiacts in a few big fi ms Patton obseived but the same kind of concentiation is foicmg thousands of small faims to the wall ilso The President agiced it w is i serious situation in otiucted Davis to confei wuh Patton on wa^s ind means to inciease the pioduction facilities of family tj pe lai ms 9 MiSiionaire "Broke" Nelson Eockefellei Cooidmiloi rf Intel Amciicii Affaiis invited a gioup ol colleagies and a biace ot Congiessmen to lunch it the Occident il Restauiant m Washington Piiccs aie not low at the Occidental but nobody thought million iic Rod cfcllei v ju'd have tiouble meeting the bill When the waiter piesentcd him the check howciei Rockefeller took some bills from his wallet then looked blank He tuined to lorn Dozier a colleague in his office and s ud Tom could v ou lend me a couple of dollars'' Dozier obliged Divs passed and Doziei thought he had lost that tw o bucks hinally a fortnight later a note came from Rockefeller sajing Sorrj to have delayed so long Heie s that two dollars I boilowed Do/iei IS 1 cepm„ the note is a memento ot the time he bailed out a millionauc • St-. Peter vs. Rismt Plan Dmuig the Ruml Plan debate Republican Pcpic sentativc Noah Mason of Illinois aigucd amid some spiiitcd heel Img by Repicsent itive Bob Doughton ol Noith Caiolin 1 that pay as you go tax leceipts v\ ould be 1 stiong tilling point with Saint Petci He c\ plained I will say to Saint Pctei when I leach the Peaily Gates I have biought with me a leceiptecl tax bill toi cveiy ycai that I was supposed to pay taxes down below Unless you hive got somethinf else against Mason you have just got to open up those peaily gates and let ne m Y hat else could Saint Petei do but let ne m’ Y hat could he say to me’ If he I new you weie loi the Ruml plan intei uiptcd Doughton he would say to you Depart liom me je woikci of iniquity toi I know yet not ® Tlying Motorcycles' The Al mj h is oideied sev eial thousand flying nto toiejelcs to eaiij hi} h lanking offieeis Iiom /me headquaitei s to anolhci Assistant Seeietuv ot Wai John J MeClov just ictuined fiom Noith Atiica was much distuibcd by the difficulties of communication foi even the tamo s jeeps got bogged dotvn in the Noith Afiican mud So he uigcd th it a picvious conti ict foi tiny au 111 ines be used the ex let numbei o( planes is i militaiy seeiet but thiee eompanie,j will build them Aeionea Aiiei ift ( oipoi ition Middletown Ohio Pipei Aiieialt Coi poiation Loci 1 aven 1 i liylouiaft Avialian Coi poiation Alliance Ohio the planes aie one engine two se itei jobs with O') hoisepowti and a sj eed ot 85 to 90 miles an houi they can opeiate liom a iiinwiy 100 oi 500 feet long ml in i pinch can do with much less (t ipviighl 191 1 y Unite 11 e ituies Syndic ite Inc.)
China By G. B. Wu
A YUUNG ( HINLSE AIR I ORCE Chinas young in foicc tougbt with gieitei effect since the fifth yeai of w u Thi wis due to thiee factois elosci coopei ition with land foi cos foimation of the Amci lean Voluiftcci Gtoup i id intensive tiaimng In the coming ycais when Chinese an cadets letuin with newel and bettei iiiei itt it cin outshine its picvious lecoids Theie aie two groups m the C A F for bombing n imely the East China Sea Gioup and the lion Ram Gionp Considcimg the limited numbei of planes in China s possession the successes of Chinese bombing squadiolib though not so speetac ulai vvcic indeed haid won Given moie fist modem and powei fill planes the Chinese An f-oice will be able to utilize them moie fully against the iggies'^ois Due to lael of equipment ( hinese pin suit sqindions weie not so active in the fifth yeai of wu Flving ligcrs Join ( “V F One ot the most coloiful cases of Allied eoopeiation m in wai laie in China is supplied by the famous I lying Tigeis the fnst Ameiican Volunteei Gioup of the Chinese An Foice Moie than Ihicc bundled Ameiic in \imv N ivy and Matme pilots and civilian and mil itaiy giound ciews weie leciuited in Ameiiea to loim the Fii'it Volun teei Gioup Pin suit m the C A F They aie now undei the command of Biigadiei Genenl Clane L Chennault toi five yeais chiet in stiuctoi of the C A 1 An authoi ity on puisuit tactics and i 1 een student of the Jap inese An Foic" Genei il Chennnilt is mainly le sponsillc foi the splendid vclneve ment of the A V G Tl c Flying Tigois hive Madame Clnang K i shcl IS then honoiaiy com mand ml Coming oit to the Fai Edst in Octobei 1941 the Flying Tigeis fiist landed m Buim i and h id then lorn ill iwl s assembled it the Ran goon and floungoo holds Then main foice flew into Kunming on Dec 19 nid had then baptism of file on Dec 20 when ill of tic ten Jap niese planes that invaded Kiin mmg vveic bi ougi t down The A V G too the full blunt of Jap anese ae iil attacko ao-ainst the Buim poll Both non and plincs weie t i\i_ 1 to the utmost Ofucn pilot ha 1 to snatch then me lis between pitiols Not i iti quently then sleep wis di Imbed or they weie c died fiom dn nei oi even in the mid Ue ol i bith to nteicept Japanese iideis Th loimliawks ilso had to {y occa= on illy with ov 1 ig 1 moto s but hey fought on o le gain L thnt/ to victoiy ail 1 vicl V In i e fii t loui and i h It mon hs t H i lying Tigeis shot (low 1 ncl destioycd moio than two him he 1 eonfi n cd Japanese pi IKS ovei Puma ml funnan iga 1 st then cwn los (t fifteen 11 in tl Iz" pilots 1 die 1 oi miss mg 111(1 lorn woimdei ClooO ( ( opei aeiou Vinong Mhes J le Ilyin Ti,.cis ue efteetively assi to 1 1 / ! le iboi s ol th C 4. F in the t dccti n t ii f i ni ion the pi 1 1 toi (III 111 g nekls i well IS tic pi iy ot 1 ! o 1 il exiOii cnee ef Ih f e pilot g une 1 in t' '^se t( ui Ol n ( ( ye us c 1 w ii with the Jai an e ihese hive dl (Set ( rllX \ p,.„e i)
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled tc visit the e impus RCA Manufaetuung Co Inc In dianapolis Indiana—Apiil 9 Intel ested m Apiil oi August ME PSE Esso Laboratories Baton Rouge, Louisian i—Apiil 19 Intei ested m oiganic chemists The Firestone liie & Rubber Co , Akion Ohio—Intei ested in Chem ists (MS) Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday Api il 7 Suminei woik foi imdcigiadu ates in Foiest Conseivation Sciv ice Noith Ameiican Rockies See Piofessoi E R Mai tell foi fuithei details Piacemeimt Notes For Women Ml Eeil B Aichibald Dnectoi of Pcisonnel Lcai Avia Inc, Piqua Ohio has w i itteii foi w omen tl allied m eiigineeiing di awing foi those also tiamcd m mathematics md scic ICC foi v/oik m then lest Laboi atoiy Call 2955 if mteiested Camp Ralston Dixon Illinois needs siimmei camp counselois Anyone mtei ested call 2955 at once Mrs Gi lee A Smaitt managei Canyon Inn McCoimicks Cieek Canyon State Paik Spencei In diana needs giiK foi summei woil International Business Machine Coiporation of Indianapolis will vioit the campus Tuesday Apiil 6 to mtei view women seniois foi po sitions m customei engmeeiing and systems seivice woik Anyone m teiested should apply by Monday Apiil 5 01 call 2^’66 McCrav Refiigciator Co Ken dalh die Indima has wiitlcn foi women students who have had tiainmg in lecounting Anyone qualified should telephone 2965 be foie Tuesday Api il G People s Gas Light and Coke C o Chicago will visit the campus Thuisdiy Apnl 8 to mtei view y omen with tiainnig in economics accounting m ithematics md sta tistics Candidates should call 2955 befoie Wednesday Apiil 7 Theie aie openings m egg inspec tion laboiatory yvoik toi semois w ho have had some woi Ic in b ic teiiologv Call 2966 befoie Wednes day Apiil 7 foi fuithei info^na tion Sigma Delta Chi iiitional loinnalistic fia teinity yvill hold its initiation and b mquet in looms 203 and 365 of the L non this evening at 6 30 All active men and all mni membeis aie invited Best Tcachei and I eathei Mcciailion avvaid wmneis will be uelocied t tl at tin o
ARC
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Marshal Petain of Fiance opened his mouth in a howl of protest yesterday when the American bombers came over Renault works near Pans and laid a few ton of explosive egg^ This IS the fiist time the aged marshal has spoken against acts that the Americans have committed against his people, but French people care abosolutely nothing foi what Petain has to say any
mote They have a holiday ev-
eiy time the British or Ameiican bombers come over the Channel to pay a social call What Petain intends doing
about these raids over France „ .s „ot staled because the Ma.shal ‘J' J” piobably .eahses tl.,t ho coeMn't M"! WAA SpunE Spelts Sp.ea.l .uY Which will be held Apnl II at 5 30
WAA
News For And Of The Gals
stop these laids if he declaied wai
on the Allies
XXX
The Afesoti ited Press has pub lished the actual ^ ote that excluded the Chicago ^un and the Washing ton D C Times Herald from its membei ship thus bringing to life the fight between the A P and the United States government that has laid dormant loi the pist few months This fight over the free dom of the pi ess seems (o di awing on to no end and it would appeal that the Justice Department either "wants to l(}t the mattei rest for the time being oi let it die a slow death for the outcome will decide completelj whether our pi ess is subject to goveuiment conti ol oi whether it nil be stiongci ihan
evei
X \ X Den Adolf hIS caught up with one ot the ui dei giound pipcis th it his been opeiating in his em pile ind his dcilt with guilty ind innocent alil c—de ith This seems to show tint the Ceinnns ue on then gin id foi i possible upiising against them this summei it ilso moans that the conqueied peoples of Euiopc aic going to have to be moic caieful in tlieii undei giound ictivities 4 XXX Gcimanj has been having trouble getting beef from the Estonian peo pie vv hich brings to mind that i few years ago the Gcimans were out to prove to the world that the Baltic countries were inhabited by Germans VVhat has happened to tho'^e huudret's of thousanns oi
p lu at the WAA cabin This will bo the list social function of the yeai it which time monogiams Ictteis and the much coveted leath ei si ins will be awaidcd to the out st ending guls oithe yeai Watch the Expoiieift foi%noic news —W iA— y Basl etb 11 is ovei foi anothei sea^'on with the faophomoies win ning the cl iss touin uncut and the Jiiniois placing second The loui nament vv is in the ioim of a louiid lobin with the Cuitiss Wiight gills entciuig two loams —AVAA— Sophomoics beside wlining the bisketball touincy also placed fiist in the cl iss bowling Ic igue The seniois weic st,co 11 me the fiesh men wcio thud BuLiii bandeis IS held o( bowling —Y'AAHi net Campici 1 I ois Vei Ilooven uc the new doubles bad minton chaminons ol WAA. Miss Campbell also the winnci of the baclm,inLpn singles being undefe ite 1 thioughout the season ot pi lying The close ot the doubles lound lobin tournament oftici illy saw the end of badminton until next semestei Germans Hitler’ It might be said that Ihese Germans that nevei existed were liquidated to help the new Ol del
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
m r
ARC
STARTS TODAY
NOW SHOV/!NG A F3RST RUN H8T
mmmu TODAY and TOMORROW
ZANE
grey
AUAN lANE GIIBERT EMERY RU5SEU HICKS PEGGY DRAKE GEORGE IRVING ABNER BIBERMAN
liSiM
" rmfiMijmiYiii', .iiaaetnasajat
Ihe GiLMlchi PiLiiue oi ilip YPuir In DEDICATED TO L0¥E!
LH^ TODAY and TOMORROW
MEW 'll
MAIS TODAY ard TOMORROW
c/Axd
DENNING
R'EUyE
JERRY COLONNA • BARBARA^ JO ALIEN VERA VAGUE • HAROLD HUBER • MARILYN HARE BILL SHIRLEY
written ond directed by Charles Chaplin releosed tl ru Un tod Art sts
CHAPTER 15 THE MAIL GOES THROUGH!
PLUS SECOND Hi! A G R E A 1 HUMAN ST.O RY OF THIS VtfAR' gI *' i !' ‘ I L *
‘>K‘
Tuesday, April 6, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
Pages
HEIDKE COMES THROUGH AGAIN IN NATIONAL \ SWJMMrNG MEET
'I •' ■?
' ”> * '-'j
mmmfyn''v^
RIVETER TENNIS TEAM
PREPARES FOR BIG
SEASON
Galacade Features Comedy, Frolic> Exhtbitidft%H
Coach LaBree Whips Tennis Lads into Shape By S. A. Watson Coach LaBree and his tennis proteges started intensive practice last week in preparation for the coming net season that is scheduled to start on April 12. A poor turnout was expected by Coach LaBree because of the war, selective service and other reasons, but more men reported this year than any year
since 1939.
There are about 23 men on the roster at the present time, but this number will be cut —
down to about eight by a series scmestei.
of intrasquad matches. Al- Coach LaBiee stated that the tenthough the chilly north winds be penalized to
any great extent by the ration pro-
are still roaring down around the tennis dourts, the netmen have been practicing every afteinoon in an effoit to get m condi-
tion.
No Stars On Hoiizon The team this ycai v ill not be exceptional, because of the fac t that most of the stais of last year’s
gram. Plenty of rackets are available and balls can be secured without difficulty. The balls are not as lively as those used before the war. Thpy aie made out of the new “victoiy” lubbei, but they put up a good pcrioimance considering their source. \ Some of the newcomers who are
squad W’ere seniors and were lost by time this season aie graduation. Ed Wells was numhei Ceraci, Gardner, Voth, Easley, Litfour man on the team last year and ovin, Biandel, Blitz, Mosei, Thomas, this year he will move up to the McCaiphell, Morgan, Callings, Solnumber one position and will be omekin, Rawlings, Murdock, Pntch-
used as the nucleus of the .sqiuui! Wells is a senior and expects to be here next semestei foi the tennis
ci, Siegfried, Jaeckel, Kauvalow and Viiens. Fiom this list and the veteians fiom last season, eight will be used as the varsity squad. Only five
Walt Dudzlnski is another vctei- these eight will make the trips an from last season. He moves from otheis wnll get their chance number five spot to the numbci two 'doiy at the home meets, berth. Walt will not be eligible for As a tentative schedule for the the first two matches oJ the season, appi oaching season. Coach LaBice but will be in there battling w'hen aimotmces the following; DePauw, the next semestei gels uiuiei waj. Apiil 12; Ball State, April 17; Iowa, Dudzinski is also a somoi Ajunioi, Api il 30;»Illinois, May 7; Indiana, Gifford, is also a iiossibihty loi one May 8; Ohio, May 10, and the Big of the first five beiths. Giftoid is O'en Conference meet at Noithwesalso on the ineligible list until next tein on May 13, 14 and 15.
Heidke Adds More Laurels For Riveters Another Papenguth protege caived his name in the annals of Boilermaker swimming history last week when he finished fourth in the 220 yard breaststroke event at the National AAU meet which was held in New York. The protege is npne other thap our sensational sophomore water star, Elroy Heidke. By taking fourth, Heidke was the first man that ever earned a point in the National meet for the Boilermakeis. This was not the first honor that he bi ought home with him. In the National Intercollegiate meet, Mr. Heidke took two points, giving him the honor of being the first Boilermaker evci to score iii the meet. In the Big Ten swimming meet, he collected foul points and four more by his teamiiiates gave the Riveteis fifth place which is another best perfoimance for the Black and Gold. Heidke w'as beaten only once this sea.son, this came in the meet with Ohio State when Couiisilman barely breezed by to a photo finish in the 200 yard Incaststioke. Coach Papenguth stated that Heidke is definitely tlio best swimmer that evci giaccd our campus, and Dick believes that he has gioat possibilities foi the futuie. At, the present time, Heidke is training for the 160 yaid bieaslstioke. He will attempt to shatter all standing lecoids in 'this event next Monday evening at the Galacade. Alicady the lioldei of tw'o xvoild bicaststioke titles, his attempt Monday xvill bear watchme.
Editor’s Note: When the tide receded, the editor found that Pvt. D. M. Shryer had been washed ashore as the author of today’s Waves.
^ BasebatB Chaffer As the spring training progresses the realization becomes more and more vivid that the pennant races this season are going to be free-for-all scrambles. Many of the stars of the last few seasons no longer appear on the rosters of their teams, and the rookie crop is the thinnest in yeais. Eveiyone, of course, knows the cause for this reduction in personnel, but few, especially the managers, know the answer to the problem, ^ Veterans Bn Limelight A year ago, veterans such as Al Simmons, Leo Durochei, Johnny Cooney, the Waner bi others and Si Johnson were considered to have seen the end of their playing days. Today each of these men is a key player in his manager’s plans for the coming season. Certainly any team that can field nine men and a pitching staff’ should be a threat. ► War Plants Compete still another factor contributing to the sudden decline of the national pastime has been the decision of many of the lower salapied playeis to give up baseball in favor of retention of their jobs in war plants. Most of these men have undoubtedly felt insecure in their baseball shoes and have sought the occupational deferments and higher wages offered by the war inclustiies.
New York Swimmers To Give Dembnsfrdfi^ Back on the campus after a flying trip to New York City with Elroy Heidke, brilliant Boilermaker sophomore who added to his laurels by taking fourth place in the breast stroke in the National A. A. U. championships, Coach Dick Papenguth turned his attention today to plans for the fifth annual Galacade to be held in the University jxiol Monday night. While in the East, Papenguth completed plans for the jiarticipation of the New York
Grid Coaches Moan As Uncle Sam Picks All-American Team
By Jim Ackerman Fiom all the members of the Big
Women’s Swimming Association in the focal swimming carnival. The New York group, which will compete in the national championships at Chicago this week end, will include Ruth Lemmernieyer, Marilyn Sahner, and Catherine Wernert, free
^ New Swim Recoids , mittee m wawing the onc-ycai ic&i-
Thus lai the only spoit on which the w'ai has had little affect as fai as donee lule. peifoimanccs aie concerned is swimming. In the fust months of 1913 two supposedly unsuipassable lecoids have been smashed. Alan Foul, youthful Yale merman, smashed Johnny Weismullei’s 16-ycar locoid for the 100 yaid lice style when he negotiated the distance in 50.7 seconds. Another long Jandmg lecoid went dowm the chain wdien Haiiy Holiday, Michigan acc, ei ased Adolf Kicfei’s back stioke maik by swimming 160
yaids in 1:32 8.
Ten schools comes the same repoit, style aces; Florence Schmitt, 12“Thc lowly fieshman is coming into year-old free style prodigy; Betty his estate these spring days as Shields, back stioke and free style; coaches ot all the spring spoits and Barbaia Yodice, breast stroke and football w'hich now has spring prac- medley, and Doiothy Williamson, tice, tuin to fiist yeai youngsteis Another nationally known woman to fill gaping holes in varsity line- swimmer who will take part in the ups occasioned by the loss of men local piogram will be Patty Aspito the aimed forces.” nail, of Indianapolis, national outInstead of donning cast-off var- door champion m the breast stroke, sity unifoims and woiking out by Patty anived here yesterday for inthcmselves as in foimer years, the tensive woikouts in the Fieldhouse fieshman athlete is a figuie of im- pool for the nationals and will reportaiice on this spiing’s athletic tuin for the Galacade with mem-
scene as a lesult of the lecent beis of the New York team, action of the Big Ten faculty com- Record Attempt
Papenguth plans to have Heidke,
Rhiiiies Rule
At univcisities all over the Big Ten, moic than half of the men on the vaisities this spiing aie made up of freshmen. In the cdsa of ceitain spoits, the piesence of freshmen IS the only thing standing bO'
the greatest swimmer in Purdue history, make an attempt to break the world’s recoid for 150 yards in the bieast stroke. In addition to his perfoimance m the National A. A. U. meet over the week end, Heidke' had previously taken runner-up honors in the Big Ten championship and
IM Schedules
Baseball, Tuesday, 4 ;13
Diamond 1—Lambda Chi Alpha have fiom sixty to a hundied candi- ^‘^tionally knowm stais,
Phi Sigma Kappa. Diamond 2—-Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta. Diamond 3—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Theta Xi. Diamond 4—Beta Theta Pi vs.
Theta Chi
Diamond 5—Phi Kappa Psi vs, Tau Epsilon Phi. Diamond G—Pi Kappa Alpha vs.
Sigma Pi
tween putting a team on the field place in the N. C. A. A. title
and disbanding for the duiation. meet.
Usually the Big Ten schools each I" addition to the exhibitions by
a number
dates out foi spimg football piac- novelties wall add to the entertice. This yeai is of course the ex- tainment value of the Galacade. inception to the lule. All of the eluding comedy diving and a concoaches have been enlisting men to between skits entered by fiacome out foi football foi the same ^muities and sororities, icasoiis. Funnj Skits Expected IF’s Wanted Many of these organizations have A month ago, Coach Burnham, of lesponded to the opportunity of
this institution, called men out
whether they had evci had expeiience or not, so that they could get
Diamond 7—Sigma Phi Epsilon built up in case they weie called to vs Pill Kappa. (See GRID COACHES, page 1)
Cijipijht ISP, Licosn li Miens Tobacco Co,
YOU CAN DEPEND ON CHESTERFIELD’S Right Combirsation of the world’s best cigorette tobaccos to give you a Milder Better Taste JVlore and more smokers arc swinj'ing along with Chesterfield because tlic'y^ know they can always depend on this MILDER, BltTTHR-TASTING cigarette to give them more smoking pleasure. Because it is made of the right: combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos, Chesterfield is known the world over as the cigarette that SATiSl'lES. You can’t buy a better cigarette. THE CIGARETTE THAT GIVES SMOKERS WHAT THEY WANT
winning the money prizes for the best skit 01 comedy act put on in the pool. According to the advance lesumes which came m April 1, the show's will be uproariously funny, full of oiiginality, and will be littered w'ltb jokes of all soiffs including the usual run of “build up your own and knock down the other guy’s
fiaternity.”
Coach Papenguth plans to make the skit contest an annual affair, and a teatured pait of the Galacade m yeais to come. The preliminaries of the contest will take place next Thuisday, Apiil 8. Each fraternity or soiority will be allowed fifteen minutes in the pool with the judges as the only other persons present. Preliminarj Schedule The preliminaries will be run off accoidiiig to the following schedule
on Apiil 8:
7:15—Phi Kappa Tau. 7:30—Delta Upsilon. 7:45—Kappa Alpha Theta.
8:00—Acacia.
8 15—Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:30—Triangle and Alpha Xi
Delta.
8-45—Delta Gamma. 9 00—Kappa Sigma. 9:15—Alpha Chi Omega. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
“Letters come from war plant managers telling how a pause for Coca-Cola is welcomed by workers. If you had to stand up to a hot furnace, you’d see the word refreshment in a new light. And as for lefreshment, that's what jT ice-cold Coca-Cola is. No wonder —everybody agrees that the only thing I*-''® Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola, itself."
Gth and Salem
EoniED uxcEr '-uthorty of t r coca cola company by
COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
Lalayelte, Indiana
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS' WED., APRIL 14 ADVANCED THURS., APRIL 15 7:30 P.M. PHONE 2!50 ALLEN’S 6th and ferryPurdue Exponent
Tuesday, April 6, 1943
iRiN AND BEAR IT
I !
Gerard Speaks
Tonight At Last Counselors Hold Second In Series Marital Lecture
Re-Educate Norse
Germans School Life Changes
Bj Lou Speck
Education m Norway under the puppet regime of Vidkun Quisling has slowly and painfully acquiied a new meaning toi the conquered Norwegians Formerly, a process of acquiring a libel al education in a
clemociatic waj-, this system ’lu‘lechniqucs ol Reseive will be pei e'ds''mu&rhavr'tre'u* ^ar^^^^^
Of Meetings On Counseling Techniques
Miss McFarland Talks y On Frosh Problems
Second in a senes of thiee nieelingb foi AWS counselois was held ■^estcidny fioni 4 to 4 10 p m in
the Biology lectiuo loom
At this meeting Miss MacFai
has been tiansfoimed by the Nci/is into \\hat Ragnoi Shancke, Quislings Administiatoi ot Educa tion tei ms “ a new policy in edu cation which is not so much con ceined with the acquisition ot
Skull and Crescent Actives’ Important meeting tomorrow night nt 7 in Mom Zo6 of the Union —HINES Horticultural/Club Memlicrs "k 7 30 Wednesday April 7 in Hort Buildinsf
assembiy Everyone be
Alpha Zeta A 2 banquet Thursday April 8 at 6 30 p m in room OBB- of the Union, Keller Beeson extension agronomist of the
Dr Ralph W Getaid, a teachei "plP^”?ra‘ve1rckets ''' ’"“skinSiIk" of psychology in the University of ^ 2Tnit;rtion on Wednesday. Chicago’s medical school, will de- April 7 at 7 30 p m m m"™ ,2*2 of tho
Union -SKINNER Agricultural Education Society Pictures to be taken Thursday cveninfi April 8 nt
7 in the ballroom of the Union
Newman Club Ihere will be a discussion
club meeting luesday at 7 30
of the Union -GROGAN
Mieting of all plidges and m Thursday April 8 in
—LAUER
POMM Mioting Tuesday afternoon April b nt 4 in the Armoiy Important that all membiis be present - PHIU.IPP Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges—•Meet ing Tuesday April b 4 p m 'U r^m 304 of the Union - MacDONALD Gold Pepper Actives Dinner meeting on Tuesdnj Atril b S IB p m at the Pi Beta Phi house —MacDONALD Senate Members Senate meeting Wednes day at ( 30 in Senate oflficc Election of olTieers Pietuies Please be present
—MILDER
(Continued fiom page 1)
maioi Intel ests
Students who aie selected
livei the last in a senes of foui lectuies in maiital pioblems His subiect will be “Maiiiage fiom a Man's Point of View” and will be given in the East Reception Room of the Union at 7 46 tonight Geiaid has lectuied on the cam
complete college ti tuning foi the p^g seveial times m the past, and actives ^it 4 v puipose of qualifying them foi ap- j^as pioved to be a veiy populai pointment in piofessional classes lectuici on mantal pioblems Co
to
“fl they’re going to let the soldieis help with the harvest, it’s only fair thej gi\ e us furloughs to put up some preserves ”
Counseling The puipose of these complete additional lectuie
talks have been to discuss with the teims, so that upon giaduation All gills who aie not 0th, 7th, oi futuie counselois pioblems which completed a total students aie lequiied to confiont the new fieshman Miss numbei of ttims as lollows Engi have the wiittcn peimission of then MacFai land said that though a lot Specialists, 8, Medical and head lesident, housemothei, oi success in counseling dc Dental students, the minimum num qome othei peison of authoiity on
know ledge as with the development ^ leieaiesoin ncccssaiy to complete the le the campus, stating then leason foi of chaiactei and will powei ” mecianica ac s a can e a quiicmcnts foi then piofessional -wishing to attend the leetuie
„ , quiied by the ambitious counseloi ,i„— Conveision of Ldueation ucgiees ConvelSlonoftheNolweglans^s Keep New Fieshman Busy Selected Students
tern of education to conioiiii to l^nst ol all the new licshman Students who aie selected foi specifications of the New Oidei was should be contacted by lettei in tiaining to qualify them foi engi not accomplished 'without considei oidei to set up a fiiendly ielation neeis foi gcneial deck, supply, oi able lesistance Poi instance, one ship between the counseloi and IMaiine Goips duty will be peimit of Vidkun Quisling's fiist acts aftei counselee The fiist week of the ted to complete additional teims as in tilt Exponent oil his elevation to the office of Minis new fieshman should he planned follows those who had on July 1
tei President by the Nazis on Feb completely to keep hei fiom getting completed one teim will leceive Purdue Players Mitimg luisdny Apni inaiv 1 1942, was to pi oclaim a law homesick foiu additional tcims, two oi thiee " ' gray which would automatically make all In conclusion Miss MacFailand teims will leceive thiee additional Scahbnrd and Blade Members Sipn of Nolwa^ s teacheis membeis of gave the nine following chaiactei- teims, four oi five terms will le- up for bmquet t> be held Satmday April
S( mor board meetp m Pictures at
MILLER
Senate Senior Board ini, Wednesday it 1' 8 p m _
Tau Bela Pi Shingles foi summer class lie available Sec Seddin at 360 SE Cary Hall Tall class see SI CUir at Trianplo
—SEDDON
Sigma Delta Clii Pledges pick up plaques
on my desk BOSWINKLE
house for their shingle
Glider Club Meeting tonight in the Union
Inqune it the west desi
Delta Kho Kappa Impel tant meeting on Tnesdae at 4 11 m room 303 ot the Union All pledges must attend and all aetivea should attend BOSMA All PIA Workers and Board Membera:
University Calendar Week of April 4-10
JLibt lb located on Advanced Course
It IS assumed —KAFERr
2 15P M 4.00 P M 7 30 PM 7 MPM 7 30 P M 7'30P M 8 80 PM 4 00 PM 6 30 PM 7 00 PM 7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 SOP M 7>80PM 7 30 PM
Tuesday, April ( Puidue Women fa Club—Budge PIA Tea Dance Puidue PLueis Mantal Lectinc Fust Aid Clasb Chiistian Science Meeting Graduate Dames Musical Wednesday, April Town Gills Dance Pine Twp Sch Jun Sen Rec Meeting of Soil Science Societj
Faculty Lge , Union S Ballioom Eliza Fowler Hall East Reception Room low Cl Union Room 2 42, Union E Faculty Lge 7 E I acultj I ge Room 356 Union Room 104 Ag Hall
the LaeiClsamband and was organ istics of a good counselor One who cerve two more terms, and six and i/ed by the Nazis for the puipose of is sincerely interested in the girl, seven will call for one additional Bidktm Board^n. Armorj
indoctrinating the youth of Norway I'ho understands her fellow stu term „ , . . r i
With the philosophy of the New dents pioinpt in making contacts, Undei Navy 1 Urn April 6 it i
Oidei understanding m the problems Students under the Navy plan licidhoubt .^...xxx. Consequently, when 12,000 teach freshmen face observing lathei i'dl eauy an academic load of 52 aws Executec Board Meeting luebdaj eis resigned in protest Quisling than xippioving oi disappioving de to 58 houis per week in classes, lab ‘ "’cornthwaiie was foiced to close all Noiwegian pendable in caiiying out lesponsi oiatoiy woik and piepaiation chi~bormai initiation of
schools and colleges from Febin bilities, standing by to help make Students will be permitted to en
ary 26 to May 1 on account ot an decisions but not making the deci gage in extra curricula activities, union at 3o i m All actives md alumni alleged luel shortage On the latter sions herself filling out counselors and will also be allowed to join any i'" Leather‘'Medal date the schools were officially re icpoit completely and giving of pieviously established organization Tedebei wimipis. will be aeieeted
piogie&s notes of the counselee dm oi fiateinity on the campus which
lO at 6 p m before noon Wednesday April pictures tile taken in Union ball-
room at
ittend
0 1) m Wednesday All should
—AUGSBBRGJSR
Gimlet Club Thosi who wish to attend dinner mitting at Beta house Thursdai’
m m loom 104 of the q contact me
Must have defl-
HEMLER
Undergraduate Dames There will be a businiss mcctinf, tonight at 7 30 p m in 1 ( om 20 i of the Union —MacDONALD Christian Science Organization Regular
pledges will be held Tuesday Apiil b All meeting tonight luesday in room 232 of the pledges meet in looms 315 and 303 of the Ump„ it lo p m —SOMMER
opened by Quisling without one teachei having suirendered to his
demands
Bleak Resistance In then attempts to hicak the re
ing the seinestei Moie Helpful feuggestions In the fiist meeting Miss Cool idge discussing pioblems of fiesh
it that timt
Skull and Crescent
IS already nr existence and available ,„,tut.on le
to all students on the same teims once and does not conflict with Naval in
teicsls
Ntw inilMtcs wh)
must do bO at
KING
4 HClubJunioi Leader Grp Meet East Faculty Lge
Fust Aid Class Maiiia,,e Com so Am Assn ot Unn Piofessois Vaisitj Chiistian Fellowship
Towel Union W Facultj Lge Room 264, Union Room i07 Union
sistance ot Noiwa\ s teacheis the men reminded the uppei class Qiiisliiv pioclainied on Maich 7, women ot questions that they had 1912 that bcloie diaw in„ then pat asked when they hist came to the teacheis must si^,)! a statement to Umveisity Most of these ques
Triton Members All tbos t iking part m the ^roup balitt i olo teams and ulav must ittcnd mectinj, Tiusdiy Apnl 0
il ” lo IhLs lb very impoitint
-SIYLRS
Classified
Tjpewnters Adding maciunes all makes sold icnU 1 icpairei and purchascid Miraeof,raph woik done C J EbershofI» 606 Main,
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Please ffct your Lafayette PhoiiL 2''79 uply into L K bt Cl ui it Inaiiklt huust
b> Monda\ Apnl Don t loiKtt to include Money to loan On diamonds watches, full n imc in it This includes i-oui cruns lupfcage typewriters Alberts Loan
, ■ , x xx' 1 1 1 X xi X ■ I X 1 X ■ X, (Continued fiom page 3) ,i,i,r rmi n ,m< m it ims .nclimxs >ou. luggage ty, the effect that they belonged to the lions were about loCxitions on the , ^ ^ '■ ’ Tucbdav is now 40, columb x„.,g„,c Those who refused campus lire Dean reminded the th^ colois 01 in case they stayed in jot .nsuad of 302 oi th Un.onatjpm
bchool and coiiid play nc\t yeai foi
CHINA
teachei’s union
to sj^n w ei e dismissed w ithoiit com
pensation
A.nothei of the Quiblin„ niea'^ures
Ihe Dean icminded the
gills tint some gills would be in teiestcd in knowing about jobs and joi that leason si ould not hesitate
the Riveteis
Foresters
I rcstci \m1I
Ml I F (hi ‘^pL 1 ut the
SLUDON
lution st ite
1 ( lestiv Club
(Continued fiom page 2)
proven valuable to A V G Another case of close Allied coopeiation is seen in the evacuation oi scxeial hundred ground crews of the Roval Air Force fiom Buimr to Chun over the Buima Road The3 weie sdfely piotected 111 the an bv Chinese aiiciaft and bv the Fhing Tigers during then tiaveling
Origin Of Nickname
which met with inoie success than in leteiing the ,,iil to Miss Feldt the L leieisamband Law A\a& the Above all Miss Coolidgc wained the deciee which compelled the libeial giils not to be influenced by pel minded nilives to bum all then sonal opinions toward the gnl hut books ot liberal nrtuie Text books to look at hei more objectively
liainmg foi fust aid instiuctois ceiYsoied 01 icm03cd Next and last ni the seiics oi i sjiccial shoit corn sc started schools and collc,^es these meetings will be held in the
fftei Rise lo Powti Biolog', Icctuie loom next
Shortly attci his use to powci 111 dav at 4 p m
Noiwav Quisliiif, also dcciced that school and colleges would set aside
At Wisconsin 28 men repoited WidnxVr night\t 3 1 kctim u loi spring iootball Theie Coach will be htkl Lveiyitcmt WI AVLR
Scabbard and Blade B i n bs meeting for ^ ^
all mimbirs Widncbdav Apnl " in Aimoiv xo ler
at 4pm 1 inal ar anj, m nts nl ut f in ball ind dinnir will I inniunctd Pic i check li t n b ilklii bond in Aimoij
HLCKAKD
Wanted—St 1 nts I d( liver Purdue Exponent Appl> Exponent office or call IL H
Kio T Iin 81 1
last night 111 the lowci Room ot the I nion uiidei the diicciion ot I horn IS C ostello Field Repicsenta live of the \moi K in Red Cioss
The corn sc will coiiti me thiough discussions The most desciiptivc piaisc ol Tuday io. thiee horns even night
the Chinese public ioi the gallant fighting of the \ \ G was the nafire they dubbed these volunteei s Relr^embeiing the Chinese pioveib “Like tigeis plus wings then
str-fength IS iiiesistible ’ the Chi must have passed the standaid and
Flving advanced fiist ud instiuction and
Mon
staitiig at 7 00 p m A rcitificate Moieovei he made possible the d.s
missal ot iin undesirable student
IS r\ tided to those completing the com sc authoi i/in,, them to act in the capacity ot hist ml instiuctois
Stuhldiehei is emphasizing that the tiaining piogiam this yoai is de signed to piomote complete phys ical fitness as well as tiaining and
chilling ioi th° giidiion
It s Contagious
Coach Paul Blown s team saw seven lettciinen out ol thiity eight who weie on the team last yeai lepoivfoi spiing pidcticc At Iowa seven men icpoited for the hist call out foi spiing dull so that the Hawkevc coach postponed opening date till this week in older that
! n I 1 st loim baacment of 1 ld\ March Swisb stop watch 1 1 I ar^c 1 ward Oall Worth 16 1 ) Vine St
I ost—SI i
] cn It w iicl
.1 1 d and black founlam Call 43(8 PaUl Baumgardt
Gold Pepper PlcdfcLs and Actives M t 11 j., n Wcdi d IV in Uui i i om *^0 11 i;, s ) t L I hi Pin 1 i s J.r i\ t to &in„ n W li s nil rid v it 1 a i CHAMlNADh
1 II
Will \ ay cash fni desk model J uk phoiu 51581
lost—bill riU IOI mnt. R( waul
in Musical Hall Fiiday t hone Foley 6071
M t
n (.nt AH V\«nicn I JSltl I tl in the Y W 1 1 M I iiU-
W In IIV t 8 p 1 t it f I St r \\ ill s| II L in R fl WiAVLR
Sliideits Ml ]» I tl ns foi i Y W C 1 1 t ch il I I I fl - A I \ it th nest d k by PACKARD
I ost—L idy s Id Hulova wrist watch w th tvso diam nds Call Bob Smith Sigma Nu house Reward
llfiERTYAIMEfflCKS
w ithout explanation 1. om the deans when the oi the school Pupils thus dismissed I'^ces ioi the 1914 Debris will scmcstci is ovei in a few weeks aic now sent to a 1 cloi m sthool loi ' -tio'D tom dollais to foui dol Coach lutz Ciislci ot Michigan
Ihoc eligible 101 the^ coLiise ^tiict edue itioii in the pi meiplts oi lais and a halt beginning Apnl 13 has uiged all men who have had
Die \Tei\ Oidei 'm'’ been made to iny picviou.s gild cxpciience at all As pel tains to measuies which ai students who leave the Univoimty toiepoit Next tall we 11 be using
Tigers” The name stuck ind they pieseiit then eeitifieatcs showing colleges ot the nation Di ^hc end ol this semcstoi in that men who in othci jeais would have
n^Se called them Pei Hu-
beqame known the world over as completion ol these eouiscs
“F^lying Tigeis They like the
name themselves so much that it ^ T MPii C w'as-adopted as the gioup insignia Uf, LV^OS Wisi i^P
—a tmuiig tigei with two small
white wings dashing out fioin a VIC \ toiious “V” adorned the fuselage lOOOy Oil jOCIO! ' of then Tomahawks On the nose » of then ships were painted two Ibis ai tci noon it 4 Di egg-shaped eves and aiouiid the in Indi in i Unneisiti a take imposing teeth ol shaiks With seiiLative ol the 11 lining Couise
landing wheels closely easteied loi 'soci il M oik will speak in loom ' p''"x,lj^7ir7TirhV Ymilhl urtdei the belh the planes sailed of tin Education building The j Suctesslul Ruling
gracefully through the an like a ''i >'>' of Ins leetuic will he school ot shaiks dashing lor then social seiviee woik psichologv, piev The men believed the Jap nulsodologi uid he w ill tell of the
i ^ J I 1 cciNcu a \iiiuL piuuiaiii iui
anese an island people Ining on oppo^itumt.es and ui^ ^ outh w he. c coeds w ould be Joib.d
den to Use lipstick oi cosmetics
Lvans lepie
Jensen leader of the Oslo School ^hc Debus will mail the yeai book had but scant chance to make the Council declai ed ' huhei educxition xHiiwheie iii the United States loi squad and I hope all those who went
tor a t oun.,ei geneiation wInch op iddition il ehai,
lioscs and bleaks down whit is go ing to be built must be disbanded ” iheieloie acceptance in institu tions of hi,,hci leaining now <le pends entneh on iiolitical views ol the candidate who must be an out st Hiding nicmbei of Nasion il Sim ling s Studcnteif\Ikuif, (Noiv'^^iiu
the iddition il chaise of twent\ out foi football in high school le five (cuts poit toi spiing dulls legaidless ot Debus mu he oideicd now at size and weight Oui piaetiees will ihe West Desk in the Union the he devoted pi ineipally to condition
Debus office
salesm in
Ol Jioni anv yeai book
Oi«. ol the le ist sueeesslul i ul in,.s ol the pu|i])et ..oieinment eon ceined a \iitue inogiam ioi
fisheiv having paitieulai shai! s that devouied oi dio\e hack the Japanese salmon ovei buima and Yunnan skies In dischai,.ing then duties with high coinage si ill and offensive spiiit the 4 V (, is in deed a fust class fighting loiec
Chinese Cadets In I S
the field of social woik foi women
Reamer Club
ushiiis aie awaided oiih to those who confoim to the demands ot the New Oidei All otheis xiic consul eied outside the ‘ National Comma iiitv uid ue not entitled to the ad v uita.,e ol higliei education Students uifl piofessois piotest the Quislm^, demands with school btiikes, joint letteis oL piotest
mg as it IS impossible to tell what men in ly still be in school next
lall
1 he Not So Wilde its Ihe Wilde its oi Yoilhwestein opened llieii spiing elulls with loity men iciioitiiif. Fully .i thud ot these men weie lieshmen Thus the stoiy is the same al ill schools ovei the couiitiy
under-arm 9
safely
1. Docs not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irnntc skin 2. No waiting to drj Can be used right after si as mg 3. Instantly stoj s 1 trs| ration for 1 to 3 daj s Prevents odor 4. A J lire white greasclcss stainless sanishing cream 5. Awarded Aj provil Sell of Amcncinlnst tutei t [ aunder ing for being hinnlcss to fabric
ithlerie hjostei honoi 11 y plus uul heai music md pailiei aftoi a chicl en diimei it Saige ji ite m the sjioi ts that the Quislm. Blitz 1 cstaui ml last iii„ht eleetcd adinmisti itoi s pi eseiibe
Duung then Icisuit houis uni
veisitv students ue supeivised lO audacious speeches and mass lesu avoid libeial thoimht Ihev see nations Noivvegians have loimd
these methods to he eflfeetive m le sti letmi the x.ood impicssion
the lollowmg oflieeis Piesident
An extiemelv impoitaiit ease ol Bob Boswmile Vice Piesident I es Allied coopeiation as well as the I led Seeietai\ Bill Ivson Chrilcse cageiness to oigaiii/e a Jieasuiei P ml MaeQuecne Sei
strong Chinese An Poice can be geaut at aim I lek Sw ml/
seen on the Thundeibiul and luke ^he elecxions honoiaiv Freldfe in An/ona USA wheie membeis Doe Andeison Piof Chinese cadets aie leaining to hail ; [ j die Aincnean pm suits and bombeis j.i„|„ps uidPiol b I Alhjeig
under the msti uetion oi Ameuean gave shoit til's
aces Ihe motlein up to dale tiaiii mg on the Anieuean fields will make it easiei loi the cadets to handle lend base jjuisuitT uul homheis wlitii llu\ lie hick m (Inna Aineiitan olseiveis lejioit C(l that among tlu Hedging jnlots ol eleven United Nations tiainmg at 7 hundei biid I leld the ( hiiiese aie among the smulest and best disciiilmed and show tlu mo t en
touiagmg leeoid m living
Altei twoveaisoi militaiv tiani mg in th( Militaiv Ataih mv tbi v spent 180 to 200 lijmg horns on lij ing lessons w ineii ai i divnh d into thiet stages Aitti giaduation fiopi the school pilots btt.inK w u lant office!s to leeeivt field exjiiii
elite in flying squadions
(Jo In (oiitmued)
Vid Poi Students Aid ioi need\ students uul schol
seeking Nazi puppets 111 the enact inent ot then measuies affecting education
DR
PAUL A RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS-
400
404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Mam Sts
Phone 570)
39*^ a jar and SJft jara
Said a cowBo^f^ name3 Texas LaGrange, ‘Tm buyin’ these Stamps with my change, ’Cause each one’s a dap At a Nazi or Jap Who threatens our Home on the range T*
Bope and tia the enemie, of freedom by baying U. S. Sav loga Bondi. Get one ereiy pay day.
HERE’S A PINCER MOVEMENT WE CAN ALL USE ON THE AXIS!
Coed Bowling Tournamenf
Sthtdult loi Yeek Seven
AN tdnesdav \pi 1] 7
flu OiiKgi VS Ddta (lamina K ipp i Alpha 1 hr lavs Phi Mu
S.iluidav xApnl 10
Kxipiia Kapjia (lamina vs \lph i
\i Dell 1
Aljdi i ( hi Onieg i vs Pi Bet i Phi
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
I I I Ir III
Thrift is always important, but doubly so in wartime. When you conserve the life of the things you own it means less replacements for civilians, more necessities for the armed forces. ijSE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY AND BUY WAR BONDS
I1I\E DRY CLEAJSim
#'•
m
pli