This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY April 12, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 151
Seniors i^ill iraaate Esi Fieldhonse
Indiana SAE's To Inspect Engineering Labs Today Indiana members of the Society of Automotive Engineers will tour the campus on inspection trips this afternoon as they meet with student SAE members for their President’s Day
program.
Purdue Debaters End Season; Place Second In Big Ten
Following laboratory visits and inspection trips from 2 to 5 o’clock the SAE dinner meeting, will be held in the Union ballroom at 6:15 p. m. C. W. Spicer of Toledo, 0., president of the organization and honored guest, will speak on “New Firing Lines for Engineers” at the banque.t “Truth Through Torture” Following President Spicer, John A. C. Wai'ner, SAE secretary and general manager, will take his listeners to the testing laboratories and automobile proving grounds in discussing “Truth Through Tor-
ture.”
Registration will take place at Prof. H. M. Jacklin’s office in the Mechanical Engineering Building at 2 o’clock. Inspection Trips SAE visitors will then take inspection trips through the automotive laboratory, ME steam laboratory, EE laboratory, University shops, and the CE testing laboratory. Senior students will act as guides for these ti'ips. Following laboratory inspection, the group will then visit the Armory and Airport. Police Officers Meet Here For Traffic School Forty Indiana State Police officers moved into Memorial Gymnasium yesterday as their special traffic school opened on the campus. Officers attending this week’s school are from the four northern Indiana posts of the State Police and will be here for classes throughout the
week.
The men will hear lectures on photography, laws of evidence, how to make out accident reports, what caused the traffic problem as it exists today, how the traffic problem 1 elates to the police department, and many other subjects relating to traffic and its problems in the city and on the highways. State Officers Speak Indiana State Police Department is sponsoring the classes, with Captain Walter Eckardt, Lieut. Don Kooken, and Sgt. Theodore Loveless of the State Police, and Lieut, Robert Raleigh, ^of the International Association of Police Chiefs,' in charge. Officers now attending the school represent the sergeants, detectives, and one-half of the officer personnel of the northern Indiana posts. Next week the remaining officers from the four posts will convene on the campus for a isimilar program under the same regulations and with the same instruction. Schools ^lose July 30 Lieut. Kooken stated yesterday that the series of schools would be brought to a close on July 30. The schools for the southern district of the state will be held at Indiana University in connection with the reci'uiting school in June. Through these schools. State Police heads hope to effectively teach their men how to decrease the number of accidents in Indiana and to save more lives. Stanford Courses Stanford University’s school of journalism has revised its course of study to lead to a master’s degree after five years of study.
Second place went to the University debate teams as they wound up the conference season at the Big Ten Debate Tournament in Chicago, on April 8 and 9. Michigan University took first place with a record of seven debates won, and one lost. Purdue’s record of five wins and three defeats was compiled aftei' the University team defeated the/ universities of Chicago, Indiana, Ohio, Minnesota, and Iowa. They lost to the universities of Wisconsin, Illinois, and Michigan. The proposition debated was: “Resolved: That the National Labor Relations Board should be empowered to enforce compulsory arbitration of industrial disputes.” University squad members J. W. Rittenhouse, J. W. Fredericks, R. M. Sasser, R. A. Buckles, D. Paarlberg, and M. M. Karnowsky, were accompanied by Coach L. S. Winch. This debate completed four years of University debating for Fredericks. Said Winch last night, “There is a possibility that the debate team will see action once more this year. We are attempting to schedule the University of Detroit for a debate in a few days.”
Co-eds Pose For Camera Artists In Union Tonight If you own a camera, or can borrow one, Caipera Club offers you an opportunity tonight to take portraits of campus pulchritude and stern-jawed male Boilermakers under experet supervision. Instruction will be provided by Bob Campbell, photography student from the West Coast, in the Union tower room at 7:15 p. m. Louise Schickler, Marjorie Stocker, and Jean Campbell will be included among the feminine subjects. Male models have not been announced as yet. Green lipstick and possibly purple face powder will adorn subjects as the instructor shows the effect on photographs by various make-up colors. The meeting will be open to all but only those withe cameras will be allowed free rein on the stage, where the subjects will pose. Proof prints will be shown at the beginning of the next meeting, which will feature pictures made by Prof. R. H. George while on an airline snow-static investigation in the Rockies.
Eight Contestants Survive Judging For Prom Queen Eight junior co-eds from a starting field of 12 survived preliminary judging last night at a session of the judging committee in the Student Union office. Remaining in the race are Marjorie Blocker, Pi Beta Phi; Dorothy Bryant, Pi Beta Phi; Frances Eastburn, Alpha Chi Omega; Winifred Gregory, Kappa Alpha Theta; Virginia Hulse, Kappa Alpha Theta; Betty Klein, Pi Beta Phi; Ruth Renfroe. Independent; and Martha Wood, Pi Beta Phi. These girls will meet in Union room D at 4:30 this afternoon for a group picture, dressed in street or sports clothes, according to the judging committee members. The judges will be on hand to cast critical eyes over the contestants. Start New System Of Counseling Today
Faculty Committee OK's Senate's Plan Commencement exercises and Baccalaureate services, which have for many years been held in the Armor>% will be held in the Fieldhouse this year, Professor Frank C. Hockema announced last night. The Student Senate committee, which was organized some time ago to investigate possibilities of holding the two senior rituals in this building submitted a plan to the president giving suggested detailed arrangements; this plan was recently approved by President E. C. Elliott and the .1II .11 I I faculty committee.
Life Saving Classes For Examiners Begin In Fieldhouse Pool
Prof. Lark-Horowitz Will To Help Freshmen
Talk On Chamber Musk Professor K. Lark-Horowitz will talk Thursday, April 14, at 7:30 in the music room at the eighth meeting of the Music Appreciation Series. The subject of his lecture will be “Chamber Music.” The lecture wiill be illustrated with music by his string ensemble which has played on Sunday music room concerts this winter, amongtheir other- public appearances. The ensemble, composed of Mr. M. C. Howenstein, Miss Thelma Thrasher, and Mrs. H. M. James, gave a concert at Wabash College convocation, last week.
^Ceiling Zero Reservations Box-office sales for “Ceiling Zei'o,” third Playshop production for the season will open today at 1 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seats may be reserved all week during regularoffice hours by mail, phone, or by
calling at the office.
New technical problems of staging, lighting- and sound effects call foi- a more elaborate set-up mechanically than other Playshop productions says H. K. Carmichael,
Playshop director-. Sound Recordings
A complete set of commercial ! fiound recor-ds, created especially for the professional production of •the play, are being used to build the illusions of airplaines, crashes, and background noise. A public address system will be utilized to simulate
’ Box Office Open Today
the continuous radio-communica-
tion activity of an air-line office. For the first time this year spe-
cial costumes are being- rented for the official characters who control the activity of the operations office of the Federal Airlines at Newark
—scene of the play’s story.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy Tuesday and Wednesday. Somewhat cooler in north portion and warm in extreme south portion Tuesday. Warm in the north portion Wednesday. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 63; low, 41; mean, 52.
A new system of student counseling, designed to help every new freshman, will be launched today by the Personnel Service. The counselors, carefully selected from high-ranking students in the science and engineering schools, will meet this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the second floor lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. They will hear Dean H. E. Enders of the scieMe school and Dr. J. E. Walters^peak in the first of a series of lectures intended to train them in counseling methods. Plans are being made to counsel each engineering- and science freshman next fall soon after registration. The counselors will complete their training this spring in preparation for helping freshmen establish correct habits of living, study, and recreation. In future lectures, the counselors will hear Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering. Later in the season the co-ed upperclassmen, serving- as mentors, plan to meet with the men to hear speakers lecturing on subjects of mutual interest. Phi Gamma Delta . . . . . . social fraternity announces the iniliation of the following men: Charles A. Heidbreder, Quincy, Illinois; Gregg Mueller; Richard C Potter, Sioux Falls, South Dak. George W. Baker, Cleveland, 0. Richard A. JBates, Lansing, Mich. Vernon C. Beebe, Kenilworth, 111. James M. Lemon, Richmond; Stewart D. Marquis, Evanston, 111.; Chas. E. Meyer, Indianapolis; George F. Moore; Charles C. Reeves, Dayton, 0.
Life saving instruction for future examiners and instructors started last night in the Fieldhouse pool. Every night at 7 o’clock this week through Friday, John E. Herndon, Natidhal Red Cross representative, will conduct the classes. When contacted last night, intramural “Chief” Clevett stated: “The entrant will have to be a pretty fair swimmer, but any one who fails to qualify this time will have a good chance next year. “This will probably be the only opportunity during the regular school year for life saving insti-uc-tion. However, a life saving course is offered during the summer session.” Classes are open to all University students and residents of Tippecanoe county, both men and women.
Professor Watson of the University of Illinois, made a test of the Fieldhouse acoustics and the Student Senate plan was organized partly on the basis of his suggestions, according to Chairman Feld-
man.
The plan makes provision for a specially constructed platform to be constructed in the west section of the Fieldhouse. A heavy curtain will divide the structure; it will be placed one-third of the way from the east end. “The exercises for Baccalaureate and Commencement and the seating will occupy the west section, and the procession of seniors, faculty, the president, and distinguished guests will form in the east portion” Professor W. B. Turner, chairman of the faculty committee said last night. The change of location will allow accommodations of more guests: this year seniors are to be given 1,800 tickets to Gala Week, which Baccalaureate will conclude. The speaker will be President Dodds of Princeton; there will be no Commencement speaker, according to custom.
'Wfien Are You Drunk?'--Harger Will Give Answer Tomorrow Nigit “Alcohol from a Scientific Standpoint” or “When Are You Drunk?” is the topic on which Dr. R. N. Harger of Indiana University Medical Center, Indianapolis, will speak tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Harger is a wellknown biochemist and toxicologist of the school of m.edicine at the capital city branch of the Bloomington institution. He is coming to the University
Midwest PE Group Votes Hazelton Vice-President
Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, was elected vice-presi-dent of the Midwest Physical Education Association at its meetingin Chicago last week. When awarded a distinguished service certificate by the National Association of Health and Physical Education, she also became a fellow in physical education. Miss Hazelton has been active in these groups for several years.
Prof. K. D. Wood Leads Research In Aeronautics
-By H. I. Stanback Propeller and engine characteristics of airplanes are the elusive quarry which Purdue’s aeronautical researchers, led by Professor K. D. Wood, of the mechanical engineering school, are now seeking. “Guinea pigging” for the sake of science is the new Tailor “Cub” monoplane, delivered here last winter for test usage. Power measui-ements taken while behind a larger plane will help dethe Cub is in flight, or being towed termine the desired propeller characteristics. Research workers are now constructing a ground dynamometer (instrument to measure the power output of the engines) to be used in checking- data taken with the regular dynamometer on the plane. This ground dynamometer is built
on an automobile chassis, and is now near completion. Design New Equipment Since the Cub was delivered two months ago, the research men have had to spend most of their time designing and building special equipment for the tests they will later run. In just a few weeks they will be taking readings . . . readings whose value they cannot guarantee because their work will be entirely unprecedented. “This particular type of project has never been tried before as far as I know!” says Professor Wood. Propeller data available now has resulted from wind tunnel work; Professor Wood and his associates plan to get their results from actual flight tests. Take Movies of Tests Much of the data will be recorded
photographically with the aid of motion picture cameras. Movies of gliding- paths taken with a screen grid in front of the lens have been found to permit a satisfactory check on the towing tests. Since propeller design data based on wind tunnel observations alone has been found to be subject to large and uncertain corrections, information regarding the correlation of actual flight conditions and wind tunnel conditions would be especially desirable. Therefore Purdue’s researchers plan to use their Cub also in an attempt to correlate these two conditions. A 30-inch wind tunnel is available here at the University . . access to larger ones at the California Institute of Technology and the University of Michigan has been promised.
After propeller and engine characteristics are accurately known, the effect of small changes in design can be quickly determined by additional flight tests. Professor Wood and his associates. Professor Joseph Liston, Paul C. Emmons, and W. L. Hull, expect later to determine the effect on performance of' their Cub caused by changes in the center of gravity location, control surface design, engine placement, and landing gear design. As an additional aeronautical research problem this staff is undertaking the design of a special plane primarily for flight test work, but also suitable for private use. Wind tunnel tests on a preliminary model have already been made, and a flying, gas powered, quarter scale model is under construction.
through the efforts of the Pm-due Religious Council, a student organization representing all religious denominations. Lawi-ence Thie, senior Ag, is chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements. A machine which Dr. Harger, its inventor, has called the “drunkometer,” may soon become widely used to guage people’s sobriety. He developed the gadget after many years’ experienae in research on poisons arid alcohol and their effects
on humans.
Through knowledge so gained he has become a consultant for most Indiana coroners on matters pertaining to biochemistry and toxicology; he is also technical adviser to the Indianapolis police force. Paramount Issue Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, in the Exponent office last night, had this to say about Dr. Harger: “I advise all students and staff members to take advantage of the opportunity to get the latest information regarding alcohol from this noted toxicologist. “Drinking is^a paramount issue in the life of every student, and he should know the truth concerning alcohol and its dangers.” Sigma Alpha Mu... . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, James Rosenberg; exchequer, Russell Glasser; i-ecorder, Herbert Fuente; historian, Milton Skebelsky; pledge counselor, Hy Goldstein; athletic manager, Dave Nassau; house manager, Sam Krakower; and assistant exchequer, Warren DuBz-off.£diJtifdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diuumiA.
Tuesday, April 12, 1938
Getting Someplace... . . . sociallj" on the Purdue campus is the thought uppermost in the minds of most young men . . . and women ... as the wintry blasts give way to spring’s balmy murmur. Apparently a young man’s fancy no longer turns to thoughts of love at this time of the year. We arrived at the above conclusion after delving into the University calendar files in Dean Fisher’s office. One socidl function after another is recorded on the white cards filed so neatly therein. It occurs to us that it might be pertinent to list a few rules to help students “get places” in this spring’s social swirl without undue loss of sleep and appetite. Here are our rules, compiled after a very careful study of the situation was made by our social editor: 1. Brush your hair every morning. (This is designed to help along the hair-brush industry lagging so far behind during the current recession. We say fooey on the comb industry). 2. Buy a pair of white shoes which, if kept scrupulously clean, will create the illusion of walking on'clouds. That’ll help you reach the heights. 3. Increase the time allotted for sweet shop lounging . . . that’s the place to meet the socially elite. 4. Buy an open roadster ... if you can afford it. If not, cultivate a friend who owns one. 5. Buy a mirror and learn how to TIE the white tie you’re going to wear to Prom. 6. Cultivate the acquaintance of the campus’ “Social Big Six.” (If you know who they are, you’re better than we are). 7. Practice elocution until you have mastered 1,000 different inflections for the greeting, “Hi ya. Bo!” 8. See to it that all of your dates are goons, for then the campus will wonder why a person
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^ftsotmted gfoHegtate
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congfess of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sununer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.50.
Editor-InrChief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
Editor — Associate Editors....
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor — - E- Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanbaek, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P- Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager — M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor B. F. Obenchain Associate Editors : J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5637 Business Phone 6038
Night Editor—VanCe
Issue Editor—Kroeplin
Tuesday, April 12, 1938
with your capabilities mingles with such rabble. For, you see, when the campus begins to wonder about you, you’re “made” socially. 9. Cut your classes and get plenty of sleep so you will have full command of your intellect to scheme for possible social entree. 10. Develop your personality. (Of course this is something that has stumped the most renowned psychologists, but its solving should not be difficult for a person so bold as to attempt “social climbing.” With these rules in mind, we hope those interested may profit. .. but remember . .. don’t go asking us to attend your formal clam-bakes, for we’re refusing in advance.
WB A A Progromis
More On Musical Show Monies
Mr. Dave Thompson, Mr. Keith Kirkpatrick, Dear boys: I am sorry that you felt the need of taking upon yourselves the obstatus of “Of Thee I Sing.” I asligation of clarifying the financial sure you that I, personally, nor the Musical Organizations as a whole, had any intention of being unfair in this matter. Perhaps in your own minds you have grounds for criticism; however, I feel that one of the first essentials in qualifying as an educated individual is to learn to confer, or at least investigate, with, and in, a matter before making it public property. I shall welcome an opportunity of discussing this matter further with you boys in person. Albert P. Stewart, Director of Music.
Dear Editor: I feel that the following facts should be placed before your readers: (1) Before the plans for an AllUniversity Musical Show could be approved, it was necessary to insure adequate financial support. This guarantee was provided by an agreement between the Purdue Memorial Union, Playshop and the Musical Organizations that each of these organizations would undertake to liquidate one-third of any deficit which might arise. Such deficits, while not desirable, have frequently arisen both on this campus and elsewhere. The financial backing provided by these three organizations made it possible to secure administrative approval for the production. Funds were advanced by these three organizations to cover the cost of purchases, costume rentals, etc., which had to be^ paid before any income from this show was available. At the time that this guarantee was made, it was clearly understood that any profit which might accrue should likewise be divided between these organizations, since they alone were assuming a financial risk. (2) The financial arrangements indicated above were understood by representatives of all .the participating organizations from the begrinning. The action of the Board of
Control at its last meeting did not constitute an arbitrary division of the profits but was merely the execution of the financial arrangement ox’iginally made. (3) None of the directors or advisors, students or faculty, received any pay for their services. They, as well as the casts and crews, contributed their services freely. The profits which were divided were paid into the treasuries of the respective organizations for whatever capital purchases or other constructive use the organizations saw fit to use them. (4) The decision to set aside $45.00 from the profits for an entertainment open to everyone who had worked on the show was made at the meeting of the Board on March 23 as soon as the preliminary financial report was received. This action was approved by all of the participating organizations and a committee, of which Mr. Manion was appointed chairman, was instructed to proceed with arrangements for this entertainment. The plans of this committee will shortly be an - nounced. I feel that everyone who participated in the production deserves commendation for his loyal support. Had there been a deficit, I still would have felt pleased with the quality of entertainment provided. The fact that a small profit was made should give added satisfaction since it provides added assurance of financial support for similar enterprises in subsequent years. A. H. Monroe. Chairman Musical Show Board ASME, AIEE To Hold Meeting Thursday Central Indiana sections of the ASME and the AIEE will gather for a joint meeting at Anderson Thursday. Lieut.-Col. Robert V. McBride of Ipdianapolis will be the principal speaker. I Lieut.-Col. McBride will discuss the “Mechanical Development of Armies,” replacing Colonel Willis D. Crittenbeyger, who was previously scheduled to address the group.
4:304:45-
And now it conies to light . . . the little wooden-headed idol of the air lanes is a Purdue graduate . . . for the latest “Alumni Directory” of the University lists on page 464 Charlie McCarthy, BSCE. That proves that civils are wood-en-headed. Fred Winter, Pikappafi “Snow White’ ’and Debris junior, can no longer be listed among the untouchables . . . since he’s fallen for a girl. All he does now is sit around the Debris office and moon about his “itsie witsie Jellybean” . . . (her real name is Geraldine.) Betty Hegele, Kappa goody-goody girl, was seen with her boy fran, Don Frush in an Indianapolis Burlyecue . . . why, Betty.
And pomes, muster
before here’s
we stop printing me that will pass
11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders, Rfey Clark, Dora Mae Green. 11:30—Parade of Melody. 11:50—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—^Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15^—^The Town Crier. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Jo Friend. 1:00—Melody Time. 1:15—Electrical Shop. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Weather Reports and Mar-
kets.
2:00—Story Time. 2:15—The Apothecary. 2:30^—^You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Farm Security Administra-
tion.
3:15—Kellam Sisters Trio. 3:30—Foreign Missions Talk. -Scientific News Review. -Town Forum, Charles Mur-
phy.
-Melody Moods. -Parade of Nations. -Story Book Hour.
JUST WHO LEAVES WHO BEHIND??? There’s not a guy at college Who’s not somewhat inclined To yell and shout And brag about The gal HE left behind. He says he’ll always trust her. Says that she’s true to him, Her letters state She will not date Another Joe or Jim. But way down deep inside him He knows the truth darn well. Through friends he’s learned Where she’s concerned That he can go to hell. The gal he’s left behind'^him Is not the faithful kind. She has her dates. And while he waits SHE’S left HIM far behind. —wrongfellow.
The first Disti'ict of Columbia chapter of Phi Beta Kappas was installed recently at George Washington University.
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginners Wed., April 20, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Friday, April 22, 7:30 p. m. Late dances including Cherry Hop will be taught in the advanced class. PHONE 2150 Aj^LEN’S 6th & Ferry
LAUNDRY
by
Convenient Railway Express Service
Speed it home and back weekly by nation-wide Railway Express. Thousands of students in colleges throughout the country rely on this swift, safe, dependable service. Prompt pick-up and delivery, without extra charge, in all cities and principal towns. Be thrifty and wise — send it.collect — and it can come back prepaid, if you wish. Low, economical rates on laundry, baggage or pqrcels. For rush service telephone the nearest Railway Express office or arrange for regular call dates.
9 So. Second St.
Phone 2025
RAILWA
AGENCY
Lafayette, Ind. XPRESS
iNC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“You found that under my chin? Hoiv loonderful — / thought I lost that necklace three years ago!’”
Dr. Gilbrefh Here For Consultations Dr Lillian Gilbreth, consulting engineer for the University arrived yesterday to reinain on the campus through Gala Week. While here she will hold consultations with gi'aduate students. Tomoi’row morning Dr. Gilbert will speak to the women students at Indiana University, and to Indiana faculty members at their Faculty Club meeting in the evening. She will return to the Purdue campus Thursday. Dr. Gilbreth will talk to the members of the Women’s ' Residence Halls after dinner Thursday evening on “Marriage and, oi’, a Career.”
Intramurals
WARD BASEBALL Practice Games^—Today Diamond 2— Ward 2A vs. Ward 3. 3— Ward 2X vs. Ward 5. 4— Ward 7X vs. Wai'd 4. 5— Ward 7 vs. Ward 2. 6— Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 1. 7— Ward 9 vs. Cary Hall 5. 8— Ward 11 vs. Cai'y Hall 4. 9— Ward 12 vs. Cary Hall 2 or Ward 13.
Colgate University has opened a new course in the stu.dy of foreign dictatorships.
today—TOMORROW A FIRST RUN HIT!
y]|iil!,liNANG|,p- GOLD-DIGGERS!;
EXTRA A DAY WITH THE QUINTUPLETS
ARC TODAY — WEDNESDAY SAMUEL eOLDWYN MIRIAM HOPKINS JOEL McCREA
—ALSO— “Radio Patrol” Serial
mm
Today and Wed.
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
[
THE GAYEST LGVESPHEE ©F 193S!
9 Stars I Faster, funnier thanTuesday# April 12. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Open Home Baseball Season This Afternoon
Purdue Squad Wins State Pistol Match
Arnold Bredewater . . .
Bredewater To Start On Mound
Scoring 436 points out of a possible 500, the pis'tol team took first place in the state meet Saturday, in which nine teams were entered. Newhall shot 97 out of a possible 100 to win the re-entry matches.
... of Greensburg, who is expected to be the mainstay of Purdue’s pitching stalf during the coming season, was the leading hurler of the Big Ten last year as a sophomore on an earned run basis. Bredewater allowed only four earned luns in 53 innings on the mound.
Against Wabash College Squad
Greiner and Newhall led the Purdue team, each scoring 94 points. Becker scored 86 points, while Ahlvin and Foxworthy each ended up with 81.
The freshman pistol squad defeated the Arkansas State College varsity Friday 1260-1254. Scores for the freshmen- were: Suneson, 272; Powell, 253; Faut, 248; Knapp, 244; and Kettenring, 243.
THE HEIGHT OF QUALITY
Young men with an alertness for style will find pleasure in selecting additions to their spring wardrobes from our new materials.
Sparrendahl
TAILOR
Hotel Fo-wler
Fourth and Ferry
Big Ten last season on an earned run basis, has been selected to start in the pitching box for the Boilermakers in an effort to open the home season with a victory. The visiting batsmen will place practically the same team on the field which faced the Gold and Black squad four times last year.
The addition of the DePauw game gives Purdue three home games for the week as the Boilermakers are slated to meet the Western State Teachers here Saturday.
Hit Well On Trip South On their i ecent trip through the Southlands, the team as a whole showed good hitting ability, with an average of .245 against two of the southern teams which had practiced a full month longer than the Boilermakers.
Lettermen^s Club To Elect Officers For Coming Year
Two sophomores stood out on the trip as potential sluggers for the Gold and Black in the coming season. Mackiewicz and Stamm, both playing their first year of varsity ball, and Lyboult, junior, have accounted for moie than half of the team’s hitting to date.
Officeis to lead next year’s “P” Men’s Club will be elected by the lettei men on the campus when they meet at seven o’clock tonight in the faculty lounge of the Union. The local club IS one of seven branches of the Intel national Club, which is composed of all Boilermaker monogram winneis.
Coach “Dutch” Fehiing is expected to start the same combination which broke even on the southern training trip. The batting order and lineup: Vernon, If; McAfee, c; Lyboult, 2b; Mackiewicz, 3b; Stamm, cf; Dean, rf; Waling, lb; Thompson, ss; and Biedewater and Heiss, pitchers.
In addition to the election, plans will be foimulated for the pait that the campus club will have to play in the Gala Week festivities. The meeting will be the second which the Club has had this year. In their previous gathering, plans were then made for equipping the “P” Men’s room m the new Fieldhouse.
Fehring also announced yesterday afternoon that arrangements have been made to meet DePauw here on Friday afternoon at four o’clock in an additional game. The
A lecoid turnout of 145 candidates greeted Coach Mai Elward as the Boilermakers launched their spring football practice.
STRANGE THINGS
Are often found in newspapers. The following was inserted recently:
NOTICE—Will student who is wearing blue plaid pants and vest and black plaid coat please call 4081.
CC
The Exponent Classified Ad Section is an excellent way of satisfying your needs, whether they be a strange request, a lost article; something to sell or something you wish to buy.
1^ Sid 0)
Exponent Classified Ads Bring Results
Ik
PURDUE
Classified Ads Taken in Room E, Union Bldg., or Exponent Office, 512 N. 5th St., Lafayette.
EXPONENT
Elward Lauds Play Of Frosh In Annual
A veteran squad of “Little Giants” will face the Boilermaker baseball nine this afternoon at 4 o’clock, as they launch their home season ag-ainst the Wabash College nine on the new varsity diamond, adjacent to the new Fieldhouse. Arnold Bredewater, who lead the " ' '
Clinic Scrimmage
Greencastle squad is on a short spring vacation trip and wiU stop off here for an added tilt.
In the first game of the spi mg piactice season Satuiday before the annual grid clinic crowd, two evenly matched elevens brought to the surface several faults which Coach Elward plans to smooth out during this week’s drill. Some of the freshmen looked impressive rn Saturday’s 7-6 game. Neff, Rossi, and Timperman, tackles stood out in the line, with Winchell, Proudfit, and Donnelly, whose play at guard drew praise from Coach Elward. Comments On Backfield Elward also liked the way that Clark and Tykocki handled then halfback duties, while Petty performed well at fullback.
“If improvement continues at the piesent rate,” Elward .said yesterday at practice, “some of the older boy.s will have a fight on their hand.s to hold their positions over those freshmen.” Starting today, the squad will dull on a comparatively new offensive formation, which will be used in the future along with the old style of play. This is the formation which was used so successfully in last fall’s 13-7 victory over the Hoosiers at Bloomington. With yesterday’s workout, the squad began to prepare for the final game which will be played during gala week.
The gridiron rivalry between Indiana and Purdue started m 1891, ' and in the 39 games played, Purdue holds a tremendous edge with 21 victories against an unlucky 13 for Indiana, while five contests, including the 20-20 thriller of 1936. ended in tie scores. j
College Supplies at Prices You Can Afford to Pay 500 Sheets of yellow paper 18c Typewriter papers, fine quality 10c Carbon papers 10c pkg. Vi pound note book fillers, all sizes 10c Purdue stationery 10c pkg. File boxes 20 to 29c An sizes filing cards. Loose leaf binders, all sizes 10c to $1.00 Form papers. Laboratory aprons 49c See the new Indirect© student lamp priced at $2.25 We carry a complete line of Spiral note books, all sizes 5 to 25c We feature quality merchandise at low prices. Buy here and save. We lower prices for you.
Purdue 5c to 51.00 Store
West Lafayette Open every night till 8 o’clock
SbmdJe ilm 244GHiii^
ftbw c R n I I N [
PRINTED STATIONERY
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES or 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
Colors as refreshing as a Spring breeze . . . Blue, Ivory, Grey or Orchid Greytone, Printed with Name and Address on Sheets and Envelopes . . . or. Monogram on Sheets, Address on Envelopes Blue Black, Brown or Violet Ink. ' ’ '
Remember . . . RYTEX GREYTONE Printed Stationery in DOUBLE THE USUAL QUANTITY is for April Only!
HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferry Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.A
OjAa,
THE PUB0UE EXPONENT
TbaiiaUL
Tuesday, April 12, 1938
Dr. ScarsethToTalk At Alpha Zeta Dinner
Foiii lunioi'' m tlu siliool of ae:n culluit. bo iintnttci into Vlplia 7ita *1-, unit 11 li lionoi ii \ tvimoi1 i-rh Till spunir initiation ban "^lu I 1 b tolK^ in tin Ibiion h ill t o 1 V III 1 1) oinji h U b ( O t I"! ^ 1 -.1 tn ( I tin I ni\ei '.lt^ raionnn ^t ilT mil In tin dinini ■~]H lu nnl Tuhn DoTaCioix ^MI1 bi c 1 inl 'bt “Vlpba Zeta Schol aishi]' riainu m i(.Loarnition of his lecoiMne the hiehe'tt giades of am numbci of tin fiesjiman as: class Tbmi. inn to be initiated an. T ] tiobbk D I Heni\ D G Jones and bl C I^eainins:
Exponent Sophomore Co cds Supper nucluiR luLvdix April 12 ot 5 tO at the Ik nil of Silh Mi K< e 22<1 Toivlir Avcnui A'sicnin nN fu lo til idition will he m uU P\KF
\Knciilturis( All stuciints interested in a position on the Agriculturist staff for next \ ai pit 1st obtain an ipplication blank from ^omt mtmbti of the editorial staff 1 r at tht offii i la lilt Union Building (4 12) KINGSLEY
Camera ( luh Will mtmbtis plcast c ill for till ir mtmbtrship t irds which art it tin wcbt dtsl of Iht Union bit oil "i p m Tutsdat Ainl 12 —WILLIAMSON
Purdue Badminton Cluh linpo mttt ing foi ill mtmbtrs and tnthus asts Thuis dav April 14 at S p m Watci notice tol limn for tht pliti GO OSTEIN
Badminton Squad All mo ley past due must bt pud by fhursday Ap il II — 3II I INGS
Student Senate Then \\i 1 be an open met ting of the Student Stna c at 4 p m in tht sLiiatc offict on 1 ui s lay April 12 Tht executive committee me ill otheis intf rested ate asked to bt pi “bent to aid in prepirmg m rit system draft -KOHYANS
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 605 Mam street
AIEE Meeting in Ucturt i um 214 of Elect! leal Engine t ling Buildine 7pm Wednesd ly April li - BIRGt
Sigma Delta Chi Short imporwint meet ing at 7 11 p m Tuesday Apill 12 in room E of the Union -FORCTER
MODERN—Fiont double room, continuous; hot watei o\ei looking cdinpus Reasonable 401 State St
Weslev Foundation Morninp: wan h stiMce Wednesday April 13 startinp: a 7 30 a m Di Lawicncc Hndlo will be the kadtr -PARSONS
FOR RENT—A new Ro-yal Poitable Tcpewiitei bv the week oi month Call 6477—Deckei’s, 518-20 Main
Camera Club Studio night meeting in tower room of tin Union Tuesday April 12 at 7 11 p m Camera cnthubiabtb should comt equipped with then own camera tiipod and film Models and lighting will bt 1 ui nishtd - WEST
IjOST—Pi Kapjia Alpha fiateinit\ pin with leweled boidei Ini tials BHB Call Bennie Bums at 5225
\\ 4NTED—Jobs to wind clocks We aie the best clock wundeis on the campus Ti\ us John C Bakei, Tom Gailand, and Bob McCaffeiy
WAA Tennis First round of the girls doubles tournament must be played oft by the end of this week The following gills should play Shock and Beaudiy vs Schil ling ind Mather Walker and Jaiiett vs Bur and Bicbiker Shubei and Gould vs Lounce and Rat big Horne and Jenkins vs M ijor and Bryant Swift and Fishlcigh vs Benoret and Me Lean Couits may be rescivod Diop in aftei school and call at WAA office —WALKER
Airport Dance Committee Important meeting in room D of the Union at 7 15
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Booksf'ores
"DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW.
822 MAIN
Lawn Seeds and Fertilizer
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. West Lafayette
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^’Olfic* Stationery Weddina Invitation* — Sales Book*, Etc
PHONE
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
• Ayfo Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself
THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS
Open Evenings Ph 2291 State Mam W L
• Jewelry
R. I. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Mam Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER
This IS all we do but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
11 m Tuesday April 12 Bung all postcif licktls etc MORGAN
Preshmen Pcncers All remaining bouts in the numeral tournamentb mubt be fought by () p m Tuesday April 12 Contestants who fail to report wiill lose by foi fi it Bouts to dele 1 mine the winneis of the Sil vei Mask medals will be fought Wednts dav Api lilt it 4 p m MATTHEWS
Irilon Cluh Meeting I riton club meeting will be held on Tuesday Apiil 12 at I JO p m it the Memorial Gym pool Elec lion of olficiib will be hold then All members must attend Gills who do not wish to go swimming must he theie long enough (o vote WALKER
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth Steering committee meeting Wednesday April IJ at 4 ]) m in loom B of the Union HONORorr
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Tuesdiy Ap 111 12 at 7 JO p m in room I of the Union Please biiiig ill completed survey blanks —WADLEIGH
WAA Badminton The following gimts to be played Tuesday April 12 at 4pm E Maiei vs J Stieklei B Smith vs B More house P Swick vs L Voelkel and J
Gayloid vs C Lockner
These games will bo played on Wednes
day April IJ at 4 p m B Bannwart vs T Belli P Clymer vs B Soehnei B Rome vs M Spieher and M Jenkins vs
L Thomas
CAMPBELL
WAA Baseball Tuesday April 12 at 4 p m Pi Phi vs Kappa Kappa Gamma Chi O vs Alpha Xi Wednesday, April IJ at 4 p m Combined Theta and Alpha Chi vs Ward 1 and Phi Mu vs Pedalion Thursday April 14 at 4 p m Ward 2 vs Pi Phi and combined Wards 3 and 1 vs Gill Omegi - MAIER
Debris Sophomores All membeis ot the editoiiil staff repoit for woik in Debris office Tuesday Aprif 12 at 4 00 p m —EHINGER
University Orchestra Rehearsals Tuosdav April 12 at 4 p m and Wednesday April 13 at 6 30 p m These are final rehear sals for Fiidavs concert —PHILLIPS
Men have moie musical abilities than women, accoiding to a lecent study made at Miami Univeisity
Have Your Hat Cleaned and Blocked for Easter,
by Crown
Crown Cleaned hats are repellenf to moisture - - This modern process is protection against rain spots - • protects tlie color and texture. Hats cleaned and 1C
Blocked this new way
50
now M&mm
r I
NE CLEANERS .OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
tMJoy we POST roitioHr
\ 1
siTiiTiniM
adness,Jeath and the sm
V
esc ^
W HEN the British tramp steamer Trevessa sank a few years ago, 24 seamen were suddenly plunged into a desperate adventure, one of the longest unbroken voyages in an open boat on record. For 25 days, and 2300 miles, they sailed the Indian Ocean, jammed tightly into a tiny lifeboat. When they finally sighted land, the boat was lighter by the weight of seven men. The hitherto untold story of that voyage is in the Post this week.
The Open Boat by FRANK E. CROFT
0nAugust4.m2...all H^shingtonsaw mwRmHCwmsKV andTome° crtled XrelverWo'Ln laughed nlse. An imaginative story by the author ^ of The Romance of Rosy Ridge. by MacKINLAY RANTOR
... please...please.... ^Make him hove me imiead
(fmfsisieti
r
.1 on. "HITS ARE IHV BBEAO ABO BUTTEBI" Ba^ ALSO, ball from the official scorer a boa. by Frrf ariek G Sb... AIR FIOHTIBO IB SPA1B= “iTenM^ n'MAtrSSBiwTH.BtmiSklliJXut Editorials, cartoons, serials.
WHEN you’re a girl of 16, and the boy you love has eyes only for your beautiful elder sister, nobody could blame you for trying out that old belief about a prayer to St. Rita to achieve the impossible. But young India Grattanforgot that St. ^Rita makes you pay dearly for her favors. A story ) of young romance.
A Prayer to St. Rita by SOPHIE KERR
SATURD/ir EVENING POST