i
Purdue Exponent
TOESDiiY Tehmary JB, Lafay0tt0, ladkma VOi. 49 No. Ill
Seniors To Vie In Hanley Speech Contest Tonight Senior division of the Hanley Speech Contei^t will be held tonight at 7:30 in the faculty loungfe of the Union Building. The contestants who -will participate in this contest are^ Robert Schlundt, J. E. Brock, Arthur Fisher, Hugh Forster, John Smyth, and Wayne Fredericks. The winner of this division will receive a year’s subscription to “Forum” and will also be eligible to enter the final contest On March 3. First prize in the final contest will be a cash award of $50.00, second prize $20.00. Two representatives from freshman, sophomore, junior, and senior divisions will compete in the final Hanley Contest. 42 Sophs Survive Union Eliminafion Forty-two students survived the elimination of sophomore Union workers by the Union Board at the conclusion of a series of meetings yesterday. The sophomore Union workers for the rest of the year are: J. W. Ashton, Georgiana Baker, A. M. Belfield, J. H. Bowling, D. L. Brubeck, P. T. Cooper, Thais Crepps, R. B. DeMars, L. G. Drabing, Joanne Edson, M. S. Estey, 0. E. Griest, Ruth Hall, Dorothy Hardin, F. B. Hartman, R. F. Hastings, H. W. Heubner, V. M. Hruby, R. C. Kany, C. E. Kramer, Mary Laramore, J. A. Larsh, J. D. Lynch, Mary McClelland, D. W. Meyers, L. E. Morrison, W. H. Mytinger, S. R. Petei'son. H. D. Pogue, W. B. Rectenwall, Gi’ace Reinhart, J. M. Rice, J. A. Richardson, Mary Jean Sefton, H. C. Schryver, Louise Schickler, Muriel Smith, Margaret Stocker, Alice Thomas, Georgia Walker, J. R. Williamson, and Ruth Zimmerman. A call-out for freshman workers has been made and a meeting will be held in the ballroom today at 4 p. m. Any freshman with a 3.5 scholastic index and no semester average of less than 3.00 may attend this meeting. Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Phi Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the pledging of John C. Van Camp, West Lafayette.
A. P. Stewart Starts Music Class Today Albert P. Stewart, director of University musical organizations, will hold a class in conducting every Tuesday afternoon this semester from 3 to 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The first half of these lessons will include instruction in group singing, such as is applicable to camp and community singing. The last half of the classes will be devoted to specialization and interpretation, as used in choirs, choruses, and glee clubs. There will be lectures and actual participation by the class. This course is open to any student. It is a nbn-credit course with no enf ollment fee and is given the second semester of each year. The class will meet for the first time today. Sophs Hear Plans For Co-Edislature At the WSGA sophomore training school yesterday afternoon, Betty Ann Stewart, president, explained the tentative plans for the WSGA Co-edislature, which is to be held in the near future in Eliza Fowler Hall. A skit, “The Trial of Peggy Fairfax” will be rewritten to portray campus life. It will be acted by several co-eds. Betty Ann urged all girls who are interested to sign up soon for any of the WSGA activities and to begin thinking of good ideas for festival day. Nursery Training WillEndThisWeek Training courses for WPA Emergency Nursery Schools will be concluded this week in the University Nursery School. The training of helpers will be conducted through the cooperation of the nursery school staff with Prof. Laura Partch director of the Nursery School and Mrs. Alice Bennett Planck MS, Purdue 1937, as director of the training school. The first training course held in December was for the education of new teachers; the last three training periods have been for re-educat-ing teachers alj-eady at work in the emergency nursei’y schools. The WPA schools in Indiana are under the general direction of Miss Florence Bender, MS, Purdue ’34; they provide care of pre-school children from homes of low economic level and carry on parent education work in such families. ^
Dean A. A. Potter Will Entertain Co-ed Engineers Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, who is spending several weeks on the campus in her capacity as professor of management, will be the guest of honor at a tea to be given for engineering co-eds at the home of Dean of Engineering and Mrs. A. A. Potter tomorrow afternoon. Dr. Gilbreth, who was mentioned not long ago as one of the 12 women in the U. S. capable of filling the office of President of the United States, is internationally known as a management and industrial engineer. At Purdue she has inaugurated important studies in time and motion used in performing difficult tasks. This work corresponds to studies she hafe made' for many industries in this country and abioad and also for a number of Europeani governments which she has served as consulting engmeei i Husband Was Expert Hei husband, the late Major Frank Gilbreth, was also a noted engineer in this field, and they worked together for some years before his death. Since then she has carried on special enterprises in the technical field. She will speak informally to the members of the recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women on Wednesday evening, February 16, at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Also on the evening’s program is Miss Vera Schaaf, of the West Side high school faculty, who will review “The Turning Wheels” by Stuarte Cloete. Girls who attended the January ‘get-acquainted’ party as guests are invited to come to this meeting also. Union Announces New Plan For Bridge Lessons Contract bridge lessons sponsored by the Student Union will be resumed Thursday, February 17, at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge. This is the second series of instructions in bridge. A new plan is being used for this semester. During the first part of the evening one-half hour of instruction on bidding will be given. The rest of the time will be speiit in playing a rubber cd bridge under the supervision of an experienced instructor. Under this plan players not desiring lessons will be able to come at 8 o’clock and have the assistance of an instructor.
Hanya Holm^ Eight Concert Dancers To Perform At Special Convocation
Hanya Holm’s Troup In terprets Modern' Dance
Burns, Colip In Playshop Leads
Bennie Burns and Muriel Colip, leading a Playshop cast of 13, will open “I’ll Marry the Acti’ess” at 7 ;30 tonight in Fowler Hall in competition with the special convo. Despite the competition with the dapce convocation, Wayne Milne, business manager, announced that the first night house is pretty well sold out. Formal night has been changed from first night to Friday night. Those buying main floor tickets only are to dress formally. The show will begin at 8 instead of 7:30 on both Friday and Saturday nights. Single admission tickets for the performances tonight, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights may be purchased at the Fowler Hall box office for 50 cents. 50 Fiends Amuse Themselves Sunday night 50 earner^ fiends of all descriptions amused themselves by taking shots of the dress rehearsal from all possible vantage points. Bennie, in the part of Wilbur Jones, a “dynamic young man with the right kind of pull” falls in love with Muriel Colip, as Laura Lee Lane, actress and niece of the town’s leadijpg citizen. The play,' written by Ann Morrison and John Peter Toohey, is directed by John Dietrich, of the speech department, with G. D. Williams, technical director. Described as fast and snappy and light, the play drew 70 odd laughs from the camera aces, as recorded backstage.
State Technidan To Head Forestry Ciub Meeting Warien Palmer, state forest technician, will speak to the Forestry Club students tonight at the semimonthly meeting in the Horticulture Building at 7:30 o’clock. Palmer will speak about the activities of the state in the present conservation program and will lead an informal discussion concerning any questions the Foresters may ask. Following a report on the Foresters’ Ball, which was held after the Christmas holidays, refreshments will be served. Officials Receive Union Convention Bulletin Several copies of the Bulletin of the Association of College Unions, just off the press, have been received by the university officials. This booklet is a printed record of the activities of the Convention held in the Purdue Memorial Union Building, December 1 to 4. Included in the book is a photograph of the delegates and guests m attendance, taken on the steps of the south entrance to the Union. The record includes speeches made by President Elliott, Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, other members of the faculty, and out-of-state delegates.
Personnel Notes
Scabbard And Blade To Announce Spring Pledges At Dance
National and regimental colors to give a military atmosphere will form the decorations for the dance to be given Friday night by Scabbard and Blade, junior and senior national military honorary. Joe McCartney and ms Dana nom DePauw will furnish the music for the dance in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m. McCartney’s band is well known in this locality having played at Ideal Beach this past summer. He also broadcast in 1935 from the Netherland Plaza over WLW under the name of Johnny Courtney. Spring pledges to Scabbard and Blade will be announced during the dance. Members and pledges will be in uniform, other guests, who will be admitted to the dance by invitation only, will wear formal attire. Corsages will not be worn. Patrons and patronesses for the dance will include President and
Modern dance—informal and concert techniques—will be shown this evening by Hanya Holm, leader in modern dance, and her troupe at 8 o’clock in the Jefferson high school auditorium. The program is a special convocation arranged by Prof.
Orqhesis, honorary dance group for co-eds, will give a tea for Hanya Holm and her eight dancers in the faculty lounge at 4 o’clock. Louise Harry, president, invites all interested to attend.
Muriel Colip
Others in the cast are Ruth Ben- 1 mogyi, Fred Ahrens, Don Muller, nett, Marjorie Blocker, Elizabeth j Helen Steffee, Burt Brink, Gilbert Abel, Harry Brenman, Victor So- \ Devore, and Lewis JtiilUard.
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Ruth Houghton, Miss Helen B. Schleman, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, and Dr. J.E. Walters will attend the Annual Con’^ention of American Colleges Personnel Association, which will meet in Atlantic City, New Jersey, from February 23 to 26. Dean Stratton will have charge of a breakfast when sorority problems will be the topic of discussion. Miss Helen Schleman will lead the discussion meeting on “Integrating Residence Hall with Main Objective of University.”
0—0—o
Miss Ruth Houghton, director of Placement Sei'vice for Women, left Sunday for Ann Arbor, Michigan, where she visited the University of Michigan Hospital and Bacteriology Department. During this week she will visit the Detroit Board of Health, Detroit City gas company, Parke-Davjs company, Herman Kie fer hospital, Ford hospital, Stouffer restaurp.nt, Kelvinator corporation; and many department stores.
tary department. The committee in charge is headed by G. V. Kellner, and includes C. E. Maahs, R. W. Oyler, W. E. Roby, J. M.' Rudolph, G. E. Simonton, and D. A. Williams. Classes For Co-ed Swimmers To Open Next Wednesday Classes for beginning co-ed swimmers, to be held on Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium pool are still open to any co-ed. This non-credit course is being dmected by Miss Marian Russell. Thirty co-eds have already taken advantage of this opportunity. There is also an instructional credit class for beginners and intermediates on Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. The life saving class, which is open to girls interested in getting senior life saving certificates or Red Cross examiners certificates, is offered at 4 on Monday afternoon. It is a one-hour credit class. Recreational swimming may be enjoyed on Thursday evenings from 8:30 to 9:30.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Pair and
much colder today.
Local Temperatures: High, 42;
low, 24; mean^ 33.
J. T. Gunn, chairman of convo committee, and Miss Helen Knight, of the department of physical education for women. First pait of the piogi-am will illustiate informal n^iodern dance; second section will jinclude formal and concert dance, with musical accompaniment. Audience Must Participate “The audience must participate in the recital to understand modern dance,” explained Miss Knight, who studied under Miss Holm at Bennington last summer. “The audience must realize something of what the dancer feels,” she continued. Miss Holm bases her dance on “first movement”—those which are normal and natural to humankind. Throwing, pulling, waving, swaying, are among “first movements.” Two-Purpose Costumes Her troupe of eight uses costumes for functional as well as decorative purposes. She is conscious of the social scene as inspiration for dance motifs. “Miss Holm,” finished Miss Knight “as one of the leaders in modern dance, believes in its dynamic character. It is still growing, changing, and developing.” Mason Wants Ideas For Prom Backdrop “We don’t want any stupendous monstrosities; we just want decorations,” said Sully Mason, member of Junior Prom committee last night, about Prom decorations. Original designs for Prom sets must be turned in by March 4 to Mason, at Phi Kappa Psi htuse, to be consid-
ered.
A complimentary ticket to the affair will be awarded the -designer ot accepted decorations.' Included with the backdrop and wall designs should be an approximate budget of of cost of materials to be used, and full directions of construction. Mason said. Simple designs are considered better than highly complicated plans, the committee reported. A top limit of $200 for entire cost of design was set. P-M Dept. Displays Mahogany Films “Romance of Mahogany,” a film showing the operations of converting mahogany logs into lumber and veneers, was shown in the Michael Golden Shops yesterday and will be repeated today at 4. The three reels require about 45 minutes for showing and illustrate the great effort in time, expense, and personal danger necessary to supply the world with its premier cabinet wood. “Masterpieces in Mahogany,” describing the reproduction of an 18th century mahogany table, will be shown tomorrow and Thursday afternoon at the same
time.
The Mahogany Association, Inc., of Chicago, is lending these two pictures to the department of practical mechanics. Alpha Chi Rho Pledges Alpha Chi Rho, social fraternity, announces the pledging of Mark Keane of Chicago, 111.msmrnwm
I
'r^rnsv
THE PUHDtJE EXPONENT
Tuesday. February 15, 19^8
The Editor Says
What Causes...
... the need for teaching adults social manners and usages in a college curriculum? Actually a course in social customs has been included in the studies available to students of Cleveland College of Western Reserve University. Has this necessity been induced by the old alibi of too much hurrying or the fact that colleges are graduating adults with fewer social advantages than in the past?
Whatever the cause, the necessity is here. If there is some doubt about it, maybe this instance would be convincing. A business considers a Purdue graduate to have reached the zenith of his career with its company in a very few years merely because the man eats pie with a spoon. A very simple but definite reason is clear, that any further advancement in this field would cause the man to work with people of significant social rating.
Many people are realizing the need of knowing social values because the study in social usages is one of the most popular in Cleveland College. Taught by a woman from an Eastern girls’ school, the course offers lectures which include introductions, conversation, and discussions of problems and laboratories which are teas, luncheons, dinners, receptions, and other social engagements.
It should be noted that many of these students are now in business. The course is presented at night and is filled with professional men, office workers, and clerks.
The real significance to the attendance of the varied types of workers is that college students do not recognize the need or at least do not make any effort to discover their social fallacies.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^soctated ^Uediate 'Stress
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan'. 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular acajdemic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus ' subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVEHTISINO BV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago - BosVon - Loa Angeles . San Francisco
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
BnsineM Ifanager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — J. E. Brock Associate Editors U. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanbaok, D. R; Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager 1 .W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager.. ....,.R, R. Hensler Circulation Manager -... M. 0. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor... Associate Editors
.._ Elizabeth Pyke ...Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
Assistants—Sally McKee, Dorothea Justin, Joy Johnson, ' Betty Wickard, Georgeann Schilling, Emily Sawdon, Joan Wimborough, Kay Thrasher, Alice Martens, Jane Briscoe, Marie Butz, Georgia Carroll, Bib Pyke, Beth Simpson, and Thelma Goodwin.
MAIN OFFICE
812 N. Fifth St., Lafayett^ Indiana
Editorial Phone 6037
Business Phone 6038
UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opln-' ions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide wllh the offcial. University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Mary Copley Tuesday, February 1.6, 1938
Emily Post’s book on etiquette is often used in the classwork. This social usage course
gives in concentrated form what the Exponent editorial column, What, Where, When, offers daily to interested readers.
“Powers of concentration are greater in a girls’ school. The girl’s lose nothing by not rubbing shoulders with the men. They work when they work and play when they
play.’’ Mrs. Vivienne B. Breckenridge, alumnae secretary of Sweet Briar College, says that private schools for girls prepare them better for matrimony than do co-edu-cational institutions.
Do you know why-
CEC ISBELL says^
CHARLIE MURPHY says^
ARC
TODAY & WEDNESDAY
TOM SHEETS say8^
JEAN MUIR —PLUS— ‘WILD WEST DAYS” SERIAL . —also— ‘COLOR CLASSIC” CARTOON
JIM SHOEMAKER says.
BOB SASSER says.
i6
ril marry the actress?^^
NO?
If you can’t tell from her picture, just ask
BENNIE BURNS
M^m
TODAY —. WEDNESDAY W£m^TiHmE A MAN I CAN LOVE?'^
^ oi av ^ <
-PLUSCOMEDY ^ CARTOON
In the next few lines we aim to print the latest Top Soil—the mosta of the besta of the worsta.
Definitions: Pedestrian—a man with a son in college and only one car. Old Maid—A poor gal who has to run all her own errands because no one will “go for her.”
The center of interest at the Alpha Xi tea Sunday was a huge Valentine bouquet of four dozen roses. A few questions brought forth the fact that the bouquet was really a peace offering from SAE Gordon Nielson to his Alpha Xi girl friend. And he sent his Interfraternity date an orchid. Some boy!
It is rumored that the Pony Chorus girls this spring have as many curves as a scenic railroad.
Thfe DU’s hot only believe in passing the buck; they even pass leg injuries around. Now that Marty Schreyer has started walking on both feet, Tony Juska has adopted a cast for one of his legs and goes limpihg around. Someone should tell him how many girls he is disappointing—they want to ask him to co-ed bid dances, but his limping scares them away.
In the game it’s grit; in spinach it’s terrible.
POME My parents told me not to smoke I don’t. Nor listen to a naughty joke I don’t. They told me it was wrong to wink At handsome boys, or even think About intoxicating drink I don’t. To dance or flirt was very wrong I don’t.
TODAY — TOMORROW
IT’S THE CLASS IN ’37 ■MUSICALS! ^
«ia TED HEALY • WALTER CATLETT • PRISCILLA UUiE'ROSEMARY LANE-JOHNHY OAVIS«BUCK and BUBBLES • Dliected by WM. KEICHLEY • A Warner Bros. Pleturf
1^^
All This Week
Palm trees whisper . . . soft breezes play . . . and in each other’s arms Terangi and Marama find peace and contentment!
with DOROTHY L AMOUR JOHN HALL MARY ASTOR
—PLUS— POPEYE CARTOON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“I like the Smiths’ movies better—always a double feature at their house!”
Wild girls chase men and wine and song I don’t. I kiss no men, not even one In fact I don’t know how it’s done You wouldn’t think I have much fun I don’t.
Overheard in the Sweet Shop on Sunday evening: Bob McConnell: Do I like Dorothy Lamour! She really has the lips! Sal Palma (disgusted): That’s all right. I’ll put mine up against hers any day.
Flashes from here and there: Jeanne Janousek amuses her sorority sisters who suffer from in-
somnia—she talks in her sleep on and on through the night. The postal department is considering adding an extra mail carrier to care for the letters Virginia Ruddy gets at the Pedalion house. . That to-be-law-yer at Valparaiso University is too ardent a correspondent. Ask Janet Decker why the Thetas call her “I got It.” She’ll love telling you all about it.
Upperclassman: Why do you call your girl friend “Hot Lips?” Clever freshman: Oh, that’s her neckname.
For HER telephone number call the Exponent.
For Transient Guests DAD, MOTHER, BROTHER, SISTER, YES BY ALL MEANS That Particular
GIRL
Attractive, Gomfortabie ROOMS with Luxunous Beds and Excellent Service
THE UNION CLUB Immaculately Clean Gonvenient Restful Dignified
lAjnmvL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Centet of Activities
i
yTuesday. February 15. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
r
SAE, Phi Dell, Sigma Pi Win Baskelbaii Games Playoff for the class A interfraternity basketball championship yesterday afternoon resulted in the following scores: Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 35; Delta Chi, 26. Phi Delta Thetv57; Phi Pi Phi, 17. Sigma Pi, 29; Alpha Gamma Rho, 16. Referees for the games were Aronson, Igney and Mangon.
Rifle Instruction Group n and others interested in rifle instruction report Tuesdays and Fridays at 4 p. m. in room 107 in the gym. Do not bring rifles. —HOLMES.
300 Freshman Military Boxers To Compete In Armory Contest Today Three hundred freshman boxers will start in the annual military boxing tournament at the Armory this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Approximately 160 bouts are scheduled to take place, each bout consisting of one one-minute round refereed by junior cadet officers. The fights will take place in seven rings with the weight divisions ranging from 116,125,135,145,160, 170, and heavyweight. The touranment will be brought to the semi-finals ths afternoon by the elimination of all but four boxers in each division. The tentative dates for the semi-finals and finals are February 24 and March 8, respectively.
CHILI Before you go to bed, or any other time of the day HOT DOGS Large, tasty, easily digestible ICE CREAM All flavor of Sundaes FAIUMAN BROS. ICE CREAM WEST LAFAYETTE
By Dearie Obenchaiir^ The Big Bad Buckeyes~caught up with the Boilermakers last Saturday night at Ohio State . •. And dang if Blaine Patton didn’t call another one right ... Not many sports writers were particularly surprised as Ohio State has been the coming team in the past few weeks . . . The Ohio boys have beaten every one at home lately. —^fc— Jimmy Hull is really one tough boy . . . He now has 93^ points in eight games . . . and is way out in second place in the cbnference individual scoring race. —^fc— In spite of the loss this last weekend, the Boilermakers still have a plenty good chance of finishing at in a tie for first place . . . But in order to do this they will have to win their remaining games, which is a hard order for any team. It means defeating Wisconsin, Indiana, and Northwestern on their home floor and beating the Buckeyes and Maroons here at Lafayette. —^fc— We believe that the team to beat out will be the Wolverines who have lost merely two games and have pretty much of a snap for the rest
FRATERNITY BADMINTON Today—4 p. m. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa / Tau. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho
Today at 5 p. m. Phi Gamma Delta or Phi Kappa Tau vs. AKL or SPE. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa Sigma or Kappa Delta Rho.
of the season ... Michigan’s hardest tussle will be with the Purple at Ann Arbor . . . But we think that the Wolverines will not have so much trouble with Northwestern on their home floor. —^fc— Our boys have one fine season’s record for this year . . ._Not many teams at this point of their schedule can host of but two defeats . . . A team just can’t fulfill all of its schedule without having a few bad nights. —^fc— And Purdue has a mighty hard game before her this Saturday at Madison when they meet the Badgers. The Wisconsin squad has provided Purdue with its toughest tussle of the year on the home floor ... It was in the dedication game when they matched the Boilermakers in speed and scoring ability until the final few minutes of play when Purdue came from behind to beat them.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Freshman Track Team Defeated By Regulars
Purdue Fencers Trim Northwestern And Tie Wisconsin Purdue’s/ fencing squad added more laurels to its collection last week-end as it tied Wisconsin Friday night, and won over Northwestern on Saturday. The duelists were the ohly ones of all the University teams which saw action Saturday and came otit Auctorious. Against the Badgers, Purdue went out in front early in the meet by winning the foils matches, 6-3, Wisconsin came back in the epee to score a 2%-l% win, and finally pull up to a tie of 8% to 8% by taking the saber, 3-1. Foilsmen Win The thi’ee foilsmen, McWilliams, Reynolds, and Hoffman, all won two of their matches and lost one. Hoffman defeated Sylvester of Wisconsin who placed third in the foils division in the Big Ten meet last year. One of the outstanding bouts was with Wisconsin’s Kaftan, who defeated Seaborg after a hard fought match, 5-4. Kaftan took first place in the saber last year in the Big Ten. Northwestern lost with a meet score of 11-6, and Purdue won the foils, 6-3; tying in the epee, 2-2; and taking the saber, 3-1. McWil liams won all three of his foils matches and Seaborg fought his way to two wins in the saber contest.
Winning eight events to their opponents four, the Boilermaker varsity track squad defeated the frosh Saturday, 69-35. The varsity men held the upper hand in the track events and took first places in all but the mile run which was won by Holderman of the frosh. Hibbs, Weber, and Tykocki raised the frosh team’s total by winning the pole vault, the shot pot, and the broad jump. Lemon Wins Lemen was the high point man of the meet, collecting 16 points for the varsity by winning both hurdle events and the high jump, and placing third in the hroad jump. Coach Harmon Phillips was well pleased with the showing that the freshmen made in Saturday’s competition, and he sees a future varsity hurdler in Rankin, who placed in both hurdle events Saturday. Taking third place in the grueling two-mile race. Reeves also proved himself excellent varsity material. Holderman, Hibbs, Weber, Tyrocki, and Verink are in line for next year’s varsity squad. Track Meet Saturday This Saturda3^the Purdue varsity track team will hold a triangular meet with Chicago and Wisconsin m the Fieldhouse. The 880-yard race will be run in the form of a two mile relay. This method of scoring places much less emphasis on the winning of a first place. Each man who competes must be strong in his event to make a high team total.
Women’s Athletics
Shuffleboard Elizabeth Maier and Mary Ellen Delaplane were winners in the doubles shuffleboard tournament completed last Friday. About 40 co-eds participated in the tournament. Badminton Open practice for badminton will be held Friday at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Girls may also practice any Saturday afternoon. A tournament of individual competition will be held later in the semester. Sportswomen Sportswomen will sponsor an open swim Friday night from 7:30 to 9 at the girl’s pool in Memorial Gymnasium. Anyone may come with or without dates. Miss Jean Bailey, of the physical education department, will diredt relays and other wateji games uuimg the eVcIilug. FRATERNITY BASKETBALL CLASS “B” —Today— Court 1—^Igney 7:00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta. 7:15—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8:25—Alpha Cki Rho vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8:40—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 2—Aronson 7:00—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Chi. 7:15—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 8:25—Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Sigma. 8:40—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 3—Mann 7:00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa 7:15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 8:25—Sigma Pi vs. Delta Chi. 8:40—Delta Upsilon vs. Signna Nu.
..i^oullfindmm. PLEASURE in Chesterfields milder better taste
Cop> 1 ; iS. Liggeit & Myers Tobacco Co.
LEARN T:0 dance ■* '■n New Begimiers’^Class Opens WED., FEB. 16, 7:30 P. M. New Advanced Class open FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7;30 P. M. ALLEN’S a,iu
>1 ^ , tj I
i
I
THE PiniDUk EXPONENT
Tuesday, Febraory 15# 1038
By Betty Wickard
University of Texas football players were peisnaded to take pait m the harem scene of “Time Staggers On,” an all-campus musical show Bioad shouldeis and biawny limbs contrasted to gieat effect with the gau7% haiem diapeiies Coach Dana X Bible vho was asked to take the Sultan’s lole declined
ROTC officeis at M I T aie sup plementing militaiy science lectuies wnth slides of “Life” magazine’s Maginot Line illustiations MIT collegians wish to be notified when an equally painless method of teachins: calculus pictoiially is discov tied
At Bard College, students aie al lowed to do independent leseaich in their chosen field, and meet in class, not foi mere lectuies but to pool then expeiiences with fellow stu dents and the faculty Only stu dents of lemaikable ab'htv aie cho «en foi tins expeiimental colleae
College songs aic compai atively new as the fii "ft was composed foi Haivaid’s bi centennial in 1S36 by Olivei Mendtll Holmc'- Samuel Gilman followed with “Fan Hai1 lid College mgs in those days weie delated m theme and polished 1 1 f-t\le but aftei the Alma Mater \ )guc with its h'\mn like dnges collegians turned to Geiman student songs consisting mostly of “Yo ho ho and “Ei du binnnel dii bini barnbum With the comino ot intei collegiate football college songs had then gieatost day and colleges fioni coast to coast cheeied then teams “on to victoiy’ with a will
fective than eastern teams’ “squat and think” technique was demonstrated m a recent mtersectional game held in Long Island’s Madison Square Garden Incidentally, Indiana IS lepoited to be the hottest basketball state in the Union by a national magazine This yeai’s Southern California varsity team is made up entiiely of boys from Indiana
By Alice Martens
Ah spiing, beautiful spiing, that bungs a blight sky and ankle sox, soft bieezes and fish woims, pussy willows and mud When a body meets a body com ing thiough the lye, oi even on the soggy Purdue campus, is theie any particular reason why a gentleman should not ungiudgmgly give a bit of the wide (“') walk to a lady’ She must otherwise sink up to hei shoetops in Indiana mud What with all the spring weathei we do feel that any ed should be absolved fiom humbly pioifeiing his coat BUT— If someone has to sink a nicm can pull his shoes out easier can’t he’
WANTED sonable prices, including mending. Dial 41962.
“FINDER”—Of my billfold. You have the cash, please return the papers —R C.K.
LOST—Silver cigarette case with initials H G N $5 00 reward Phone 5071 Newhall
WANTED—Apartment by two students Must have cooking facilities Call Gieenfield at 6764
LOST—Lifetime Schaeffer fountain pen m West Lafayette post office f Rewaid Phone Kirchner,
61924
Notices
No N uticcs Accepted After 8 pm.
Flying: Cadet Applicants The special flying cadet examining board will be at Purdue from February 21 to 26 Persona Intel ested m taking training as a flying cadet should see me at the Armory before Febiuaiy 21 —HAYPORD
Scabbard and Blade Pledges Obtain dance bids from me at Triangle bouse before February 17 —ROBY
This IS the fiist time that le duced tiansatlantic faies have been offeied to teacheis tiavelmg mde pendently lathei than in laigc gioups
Shagging in the aisles and the big apple on the stage weie unieheaised featuies of Benny Goodman’s opening at a New Yoik theatei where the gieat enthusiasm of swing addicts caused a not
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaiied Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebeishoff, 605 Main street
That westein basketball longlange single aim shots aie inoie ef
I STUDENT ROOM —Foi lent single bed, continuous hot watei I 204 South Salisbuiy Phone 71363
S@rvice Directory
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Febiuary 15 1 p m in the reception icom of the Union This will bo a short but important meeting Install ition of officers and pledge insti uctK ns WADLEIGH
WAA Basketliall Intiamural touinament begins February 15 at 4 p m The gimes t( be played are Chi Omega vs Theta 'WRH South vs Ward 2 At 4 30 Kappi vs Alpha Xi and WRH North vs Pi Phi —MORRIS
bers are welcome
Short course mem—JONES
WSGA Jndicihl Board ‘ Meeting at 7:16 February 15 in WSGA office —SLOCUM
WSGA Activities Committee. Girls who are to interview meet in the office February 15 promptly at i o’clock. —JONES
Freshman Squash Players. Practice at 7 m February 15 at faculty gym —CLEVETT
Undergraduate Dames Club: There will be a bridge party February 15 in room C of the Union Building, at 7 80 p m All old members and eligible new members are cordially invited —DUNCAN
Prospective Freshman Union Workers Report to Union ball room February 15 at
4pm Scholastic Index qf 3 5 is necessary and no semester average of less than 8 00 —UNION BOARD
Fraternity Finance Committee: Meeting at Pi Kappa Alpha house February 15, at 7 Bring financial reports —SCHENCK
Fraternity Presidents. Please turn in financial reports to either Korty McCollough, Parries, or Schenck by February 15 at 6 p m —SCHENK
First Aid Club There will be no meeting this week on account of Hanya Holm s modern dance class February 16 —RUSSELL
Radio Club. Meet in room A of the Union February 16 at 7 30 p m Code practice meet at 7 00 at the same place —LIPPMAN
Union Sophomores. Sophomores working
on Scabbard an)i Blade backdrop report in the work shop at 4 p m February 16 -HARPER
University Students: Activities Bureau at 4 o’clock in Union Activities room February 16 , —JACOBSON
Student Housing Investigators: All students engaged in or interested in the student housing survey please report to the Union PIA office at 6 46 Wednesday, February 16 —SCHLUNDT
Prof p F Hall
Family
Adult Education Class
will speak on ‘ Conservation of Family Value” in room B of the Memorial Union
Building at 8 p m February 16
—BOLLMAN
CE 6 Students* Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1 —LOMMHL
NOT A CURE ALL
Ciown Cleaning DOES do wonders with soiled garments, although we do not claim for it a cure-all for clothes that have served their usefulness.
However, don’t throw away any garments until you see how they look after being Cleaned and Refinished. Oftimes many months’ service can be had from discarded clothing.
mmi liAUNS
Poultry Club Meeting Febiuaiy 16 at 7
r I
ME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
— Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
c; Tnnxmr/X'O OV/U AXXTT vrxvxxx
Everything for the Purdue student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Dine
(Rjudifiu
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Locksmith
CARTER
Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.^ERBHDW. 822 MAIN ,
— rriniing
SUDDEN SERVICE
P
RINTING
Office Stationeiy Wedding Invitations Sales Books, Etc .
PHONE
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
UNSUi] Devil’s Island, P
thirty
oLout Al Capone, A ^catrazinade ^ mutiny ^or
tells about ^^;;‘^^ovies about ^ tins Spring wbic Icatfa^
AstoldbyW't^
jmsfead<^apiano,.. I SEEM TO HIVE BOiOiT A LION I TfTtaf?
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Inttvdueing AIIEIIIGA*S LEAAIIIG MymMY “IheMm Jl^oMlkdlineoln
At the auction, Mr Benedict hadn’t raised his hand more’n a fraction and now he owned a lion! What would Miss Satterlee say when he returned without the grand piano for the Female Seminary? By the author of Drums Alon^ The Mohawk.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Florist —
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in Uie VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
Meet the i^ummy who tours under this banner: $1000 REWARD TO ANYONE WHO CAN PROVE THAT THIS IS NOT JOHN WILKES BOOTH He has been bought and sold, kidnaped and seized for debt He’s been chased out of towns for “not having a license,” and threatened with hanging by indignant GAR., veterans. You’ll find his strange story m your Post this week.
Mr. Benedict and the Madagascan Lion by WALTER D. EDMONDS
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • •
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students.
527 Mam
Phone 54^2
**John Wilkes Booth** on Tour by ALVA JOHNSTON
Al cn MUCH HLOU SCHOOL DO YOU NEED? What’s wrong with education, and what we can do about It, by Dr Robert M. Hutchms AND stones by Booth Tarkington, Ann Morse, Everett Rhodes Castle and M G Chute, serials, editorials, fun and cartoons.