Mi
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, and For Students ol Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY Febntory 22, 1938 Lcdoyette, Indiazuz VOL. 49 No. 117
[lir@tsrs Trssince iuckeyes, 49-36
Villiers To Relate Sailing Adventures
Allan Villiers, a sea adventurer who decided to make movies of his voyages, will present his movie-lecture “The Sea and Sailing Ships” in the Memorial Gymnasium tonight at 8 p. m. in another of the series of lecture convocations for the present semester.
In 1929, Villiers and Ronald Walker, an amateur photographer, signed with a Finnish full-rigger in order to film the voyage of one of the few remaining windjammers around Cape Horn. Walker was killed on the trip, which ended when the ship, the “Grace Harwar,” crept into Cobbh, Ireland, five months after leaving Australia. Adding to the
All persons interested in meeting Adventurer Allan Villiers may talk to him after the convocation in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, according to a statement issued last night by Frances Eastburn, Union vi<;e-president.
misfortunes, the second mate went mad, storms dogged their path, and the food ran short.
Repeats Voyage Later Villiers made two additional voyages around the Horn in the “Parma,” a ship in which he was
part owner, and took more pictures of the voyages. In 1934-36 he made a complete circumnavigation of the world in the tracks of the old discoverers. In a ship which he christened “Joseph Conrad,” after a writer of sea stories, he set sail on this voyage late in January, 1934, from New York harbor. The voyage carried them to Rio de Janeiro, Cape of Good Hope, Bali, and Singapore, and on Christmas Eve, 1935, the “Joseph Conrad” arrived at Australia, the home port of the skipper. Leaving soon for New Zealand, with a side trip to the cannibal Louisades in search of gold, they windjammed across the Coral Sea to Tahiti. They arrived at New York in October, 1936, with a 57,000 mile voyage behind them. Films Show Voyages The pictures to be shown this evening are scenes taken from all of these voyages.
Yarn-Spinner
lowans Upset Wildcats^ 26-23
staving off a late rally by the Wildcats, the Hawkeyes defeated Northwestern 26-25 last night to pull them down into a tie with Purdue for first place in the Western Conference. The Wildcats, playing on their home floor, were unable to control the rebounds, and fell behind the lowans early in the second half. The climax of the game came shortly before the final gun sounded, when Captain Fred Trenkle missed two free tosses which might have won for the Wildcats.
Big Ten Standings
Allan Villiers
Students will be admitted upon presentation of their passports. However, no tickets for townspeople will be available unless there are empty seats left after 8 p. m., according to Prof. J. T. Gunn, convocation committee chairman.
Florists Meet At University March 2,3
Ways and means of improving the yields, quality, and salability of florists’ products will be the theme of the 11th annual Indiana Florists’ Conference to be held at the University on March 2 and 3. Flower growers, wholesalers, retailers, and florists’ employees will converge upon the campus to study such varied subjects as floricultural research and tax legislation interpretations.
The flower show, an outstanding yearly feature of the conference, will attract amateur gardeners as well as those interested in the technical side of flower display and arrangement. Meetings In Union Registration will begin at 9 o’clock on March 2, and the opening session will be given over to a microscopic study of insects and diseases. This will be an informal study under Dr. C. T. Gregory, of the botany department, and Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department. Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the department of horticulture, will preside at the afternoon meetings in the Memorial Union Building. Leon-
ard Vaughan, of Chicago, will discuss recent tax legislation and its interpretations for florists. Discussions Scheduled Mixing and application of insecticides and fungicides will be discussed at the morning session on March 3 at the University greenhouses. Speeches on floricultural research and a talk on “Growing Plants Without Soil,” will follow this. James Sykora, of Chicago, will talk on marketing problems that afternoon and Willard Crain, of Cincinnati, will direct a floral demonstration. A floral musical at 7:30 o’clock will climax the day’s activities.
Tragesser To Speak On Personal Safety Today Walter Tragesser, a former member of the baseball coaching staff, will speak to senior electrical engineering students today at 10 a. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building on “Personal Safety.” At present Tragesser is with the Public Service Company of Indi-
W.
L.
TP.
OP.
Purdue
.. 7
2
356
306
Northwestern
.... 7
2
310
285
Minnesota
... 6
3
290
274
Michigan
... 5
4
316
272
Iowa
.. 5
5
351’
356
Ohio State ....
... 5
5
376
354
Wisconsin
... 4
6
377
382
Indiana
.. 3
6
350
361
Illinois
....3
7
357
388
Chicago
... 2
7
300
394
Other Scores Iowa, 26; Northwestern, 25. Chicago, 43; Illinois, 39. Minnesota, 37; Indiana, 36. Michigan, 58; Wisconsin, 29.
Narcotics Talks Will Emanate Frem WBM
R. D. Birge, AIEE president, also invites members of the engineering societies and the general public to attend the lectui’e.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Occasional rain today and probably tomorrow, except rain or snow in extreme north portion; slightly warmer in east portion today.
Dr. Silver Explains Character At Convo
striking at individuals, parties, and nations suppressing liberties in maintaining their dominance. Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver, religious leader of The Temple, Cleveland, 0., declared before students and staff members attending the regular monthly convocation for worship Sunday that there are too many people in the world trying to reform the laymen before reforming themselves. The convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall was attended by over 1,500 people. Answering the question “What is Permanent in Character?” the title of his address. Dr. Silver said: “It consists of a series of venerable reverences, first towards the human body, secondly for the human intellect, thirdly for the human spirit, fourthly for human handiwork, and lastly for group life or society, the most difficult of all to achieve.” The Rabbi defined character as the “total man in action in all relationships.” In addition, character was described as destiny in a spiritual sense and a challenge to fate. The Rabbi defined character as the “total man in action in all relationships.” In addition, character was desci;ibed as destiny in a spiritual sense and a challenge to fate'
Science Researchers Investigate Parasites
This is the fifth of a series of articles dealing: with research activities at Purdue. Other similar articles will be published two or three times a week.
By H. I. Stanback In the small suite of rooms Doc Miller and his Student Health Service used to use, five members of the science school staff spend their time prying into life histories and characteristics of parasites, human and otherwise. Parasitology research workers a|re these five: Professor R. M.' Cable, and his associates Miss Helen L. Ward, Edwin B. Steen, C. B. Hamann, and N. C. Wheeler. All are working on the morphology or life history of some particular parasites. By definition, a parasite is a “hanger-on; a plant'or animal living in, on, or with, some other living organism, at whose expense it obtains food, shelter, and the like.” Free Examinations Seemingly remote from the everyday life of Purdue students, this research laboratory nevertheless contributes an indispensible part of the University Student Health Service. Free examinations for such parasitical diseases as amoebic dysentery, round worms, or tape worms, is offered to any student. Over 2,000 eds and co-eds have taken advantage of this service in the past three years, with the re-
sult that many cases of all these parasite .^afffictions have been discovered, quite often in time for treatment and cure.
Helen Ward recently has been investigating the fife history of fish parasites. She has traced the fife cycle of a group of these that have been completely unknown heretofore. Edwin Steen, a graduate student, has almost completed his doctor’s thesis on the fife history of parasites that five in the urinary bladders of fish. He discovered an entirely new species recently. Studies Tapeworms The study of tapeworms living at the expense of bii’ds is C. B. Hamann’s task at present, while N. C. Wheeler is studying the reaction of larval flukes (a species of parasite) to fight. Head of the research lab. Professor Cable is inquiring into" the morphology of trematodes, or parasitic worms. He succeeded in tracing the fife cycle of fiver flukes living on turtles. These fiver flukes are very sjmilar to some found in human beings in the Orient. This work may be valuable in that the findings can be applied to the case of the oriental tapeworm which afflicts humans.
Three radio programs, in addition to the distribution of leaflets containing information about drug addiction to health groups including doctors, druggists, dentists, and the hospitals, have been planned by the school of pharmacy as their part in Narcotic Education Week. The three radio addresses will be a part of WBAA’s Apothecary Hour and are scheduled as follows: today at 2:15 p. m., “Narcotics and the Law,” by Dean C. B. Jordan; tomorrow, 4:15 p. m., “Narcotics, Queries and Answers,” by Mr. Question and Dr. Reply; Friday, 2:15 p. m., “Marihuana, the Menacing Weed.”
Regain Tie For Big Ten Lead As Wildcats Lose
Young Paces Teammates With 20 Points; Sines, Anderson, Also Stand Out For Victors
A fighting Boilermaker quintet last night avenged a former defeat and stepped up into a ti'ie with Northwestern for first place in the Big Ten basketball race by neatly trimming the Buckeye five, 49-36, in the Fieldhouse before a capacity crowd of 8,500, the fifth straight sellout of the season. Northwestern’s defeat at the hands of Iowa last night gives both first place Contenders seven wins and two losses. Jewell Young led the Gold and
Dr. E. C, Elliott
. . . is attending a Washington’s birthday symposium today on “Preparing the College Student for .Citizenship” which is being held at the University of Cincinnati by the Harvard Club of Cincinnati and the^University. Approximately 50 institutions in the four state area have notified the Harvard club that their presL dents or other delegates will attend. University of Cincinnati President Raymond Walters will preside.
Petitions For WSGA Freshmen Due Today
The signatures of 25 freshmen coeds attached to the following petition must be turned in to the WSGA office in the Union Building by 5 o’clock tonight by any girl wanting to be elected Thursday to the position of freshman representative according to Betty Ann Stewart,
association president. The petition should read “I,
-, hereby petition for one of
the positions of freshman representative on the WSGA executive board.” Thursday at 7:15 p. m. in Fowler Hall all freshmen women will gather to elect two representatives from those whose petitions are received before the deadline tomorrow night.
Black attack, dropping in nine baskets and two free throws for 20 points. This gives him 40 points in the last two games, for a total of 125 in Big Ten competition. Andy, Sines score 12 Gene Anderson and Joy Johnny Sines both ably supported Young by dropping in six baskets apiece. Ohio State’s Jimmy Hull led his team’s scoring with six buckets and a free toss for 13 tallies, followed by Sattler, lanky center, who sank five baskets for 10 points. Ohio State started the scoring. Hull, Schick, and Boughner dropped in three baskets for the Grey and Crimson while Pat Malaska was sinking one for the Boilermakers, to put Ohio State ahead, 6-2, with five minutes gone. Purdue Takes Lead After taking time out, Purdue settled down to overhaul the Buckeyes, and succeeded in doing just that, bringing the scoreboard to 10all at the 10-minute mark. The rest of the period they did pretty much as they pleased. Led by Gene Anderson, who made three baskets in quick succession, the Boilermakers held the Ohio State five scoreless for over seven minutes. The score at the half read: Purdue, 21; Ohio State, 16. Ohio State started off the second half as if they were going to repeat their performance of a week ago Saturday, when they overcame the Purdue nine-point lead. Sattler racked up six points for the Buckeyes while Young dropped in a basket and a free toss, to bring the score to 24-22, with only a few minutes of the period gone. Purdue didn’t relish a repetition of their last encounter with Ohio State, however. Anderson, Young, and Sines put on a scoring attack that set the visitors back on their heels. While these three were dropping in baskets, Beretta and Malaska were making fife miserable for the Buckeye sharpshooters, with the result that, as the final gun sounded and Young’s last shot went wide, Purdue was out in front, 49-
36.
Purdue Offense Good
The Boilermakers played a fine offensive game. Every minute that they had the ball they pressed the Ohio State team as hard as they could. When the Buckeyes got the ball Phrdue was right in there to take it away, and succeeded time after time. The fast Gold and Black attack made the Columbus boys look a trifle sad on defense on several occasions. It certainly made the Buckeye offensive look weak
compai’ison.
The box score follows: Ohio State B. Hull, f 6 Baker, f 1 Schick, c 2 Sattler, c 5 Boughner, g 2 Lynch, g 0
Cotillion Tickets
. . . went on sale yesterday morning as Skull and Crescent members received 300 tickets, which are all that will be sold. Tickets will not be limited to sophomore students. Charlie Agnew and his band will play for the sophomore men’s honorary annual dance in the Union ballroom March 11.
Call For Workers On 'OfTkeelSing' Production Staff
First call for “Of Thee I Sing” production assistants is being made by those in charge of back-stage mysteries for the All-Campus production. Students interested in working on the stage, properties, art, or lights crews are to sign up this afternoon at 4 o’clock at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall. Entrance to the office is through a rear entrance of the Hall, and the crew heads will be in the office to register applicants. Preliminary instructions will be given and students’ names put in a permanent file. Need Many Assistants “Of Thee I Sing,” the most pretentious production ever attempted on this campus, will require many more “back stage” assistants than “footlight performers.” Opportunities available and persons in charge of the crews are: Properties, headed by Jane Robinson—12 to 15 openings; town coeds with autos preferred. Stage, headed by Stage Manager George Glover—30 to 40 openings; men willing to push scenery and build sets desired. Art, headed by Ernestine Brown —18 to 20 openings; students with a color sense for painting scenes sought. Lights, headed by Metzger—Five to eight practical EE’s sought.
Kappa Kappa Gamma Offers Fellowships
by
F.
1 0 1 0
Stafford, g
0
Totals
16
Purdue
B.
Young, f
9
Sines, f
6
Fisher, f
0
Anderson, c
6
Dickinson, g
0
Malaska, g
0
Yeager, g
. . 0
Beretta, g
0
Totals
.. 23
4 F. 2 0 0 0 0 1 0 0
Kappa Kappa Gamma is offering three fellowships of $500 each again this year, available to any women student 30 years of age or under who has or will receive before next July, her bachelor’s degree from an institution at which a chapter of this sorority is located. Sorority affiliations are not considered in the allotment of these fellowships. The applicant must give a definite explanation of the work she intends to pursue, and of what use she expects it to be to her. All applications must be accompanied by character, personality, and ability testimonials as well as the scholastic and extra-curricular history of the student. Application blanks are available in the office of the dean of women. They must be in the hands of the Kappa fellowship chairman in Columbus, 0., by March 25.
I. C. DeHaven, ME ’05, Dies In Indianapolis Irvin C. DeHaven, ME ’05, died at his home in Indianapolis Sunday. DeHaven was a charter member of Phi Kappa Psi, established at Pimdue while he was a freshman, and a fife member of the Purdue Athletic Stadium Association and the Purdue Alumni Association. Funeral services will be held at 11 o’clock tomorrow morning in the Planner and Buchanan mortuary, in Indianapolis.
m
■MWTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 22, 1938
In All Editor’s Mail... comes requests for publicity to support many causes: from a picnic of the least important campus organization to the 1939 World’s Fair in New York City. Few, however, are more touching and more deserving than the following press release, headed “State Farm Needs Books For Prisoners,” from the State Division of Institutions, Indianapolis : Assuming that you are a rather bookish person, a college graduate, how would you like to be isolated wth only 500 tattered, dirty books which you were expected to share with 1,080 other persons ? That is the plight of a score or so of individuals at the Indiana State Farm near Putnamville. These 500 volumes, literally in five or six parts— torn asunder, are in a spacious library room which would be ideal for reading purposes if it only housed some books, magaeines and newspapers. One may talk with No. 78690, a gi'aduate of Indiana University and formerly an Associated Press reporter from one of the larger cities of Indiana, No. 80518, a graduate of the University of Alabama and a two-letter man in college athletics. No. 80133, an honor graduate at Ann Arbor and former advertising man from St. Joseph, Michigan. Each has the same story to tell: if we only had something worth reading! Men such as these have their choice of some 200 mid-Victorian moralistic and didactic volumes — when they can secure even them—or they can revert to childhood memories by thumbing through either the fourth or sixth-grade reader, several copies of which are available. Historical knowledge can be refurbished by reading Dickens’ Child’s History of England or a ponderous 1840 volume by an unsung gentleman who once answered to the name of Miller. Sentimental moments may be appeased by turning to Charlotte Bronte’s Shirley or Goethe’s complete poems in German. Higher learning is represented by an Anglo-Saxon grammer and reader—^practically unused—and pure poetry is preserved in a “gift edition” of Shakespeare’s plays done in almost unbelievably microscopic print. Noticeably absent in this library is the usual collection of crime and detective stories. Floydp J. Hemmer, superintendent of the State
the Purdue Exponent
MeMSER
^sociated ®elki9iatc®rc«5S
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1017^ authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. REPneSENTBO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Ad^ertlsIngService, Inc. College Publishers Representattve 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y Chicao^ - Bobtob - LOS Angeles - Sah Francisco
Editor-Ia-CMef R. P. Manion
Business Managsr D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. 3. R Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— —— J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. GiUilan iKical Advertising Manager R. Bensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors Maty Cooley,
Elizabeth Pyke Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. F. Obenohain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. 'Wltwer
MAIN OFFICE
Editorial Phone S037
812 N. FVth St., Lafayett^fadiana
ess Phone 6038
UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, aak for Ebcponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-dief. Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Tcrrio Tuesday, February 22, 1938
Farm, has put a librarian to work classifying the few volumes on hand and has issued an invitation for citizens to notify him if they have books they wish to discard.
Letters to tlie Editor
Put Us Wise Dear Editor: My son who Is a frosh at Purdue Subscribed for me To this, now, PE. I read each day Of the PIA Of the PMU And the AZ, too, Of the PSA And the AVA, ROTO And the S. and B. —So— Listen, youse guys, Put me wise. Gimme a load Of your secret code. Raymond Thayer, Aurora, Indiana.
Illinois Is Larger Dear Editor: I am not in any way affiliated with WBAA, but I happen to know a little of the work involved in running a radio station. First, the “blanket effect” does not extend past 20 kilocycles either side of WBAA on a modern radio receiver. If people buy cheap ladios, I have only pity for them. As concerning WILL, it should be pointed out that the University of Illinois is a laiger school than Puidue, and its curricula is not so restricted. Who wants to listen to a home economics lecture, a treatise on the cyclotron, how to plow a field, or static stresses in a beam ? But the liberal arts school at Illinois is well able to supply interesting program material. If “R. I.” is so concerned, why doesn’t he try to improve WBAA by adding his personality to the program? Why not see Mr. Williams in person? Very few good announcers or enteitainers are ever turned away from the studio. C. B. Stafford, EE ’39.
He complains of the announcers’ dry voices. Can you do any better, Mr. Insley? If you can you are depriving the public of a great pleasure. He intimates that WBAA announcers will be lost when they enter the commercial broadcasting field. You are as wrong as you possibly could be, Mr. Insley. The student announcers who enter broadcasting as a life work report that their training here was invaluable. The broadcasting industry regards announcers trained by WBAA as among the finest. Perhaps, Mr. Insley, you don’t know exactly what you are talking about. Haven’t you any definite, specific complaints ? As a member of the announcing staff I would like to hear them. What do you say, Mr. Insley, do you know what you are talking about or were you just griping to be doing something ? —Joe Dupree, EE ’41
collegiate
Just Griping? Dear Editoi: Mr. Robert Insley in Thursday morning’s Exponent complains that he must listen to WBAA because its signal covers the broadcasting band. As an electiical engineering student Mr. Insley should be aware that any receiver except a crystal set, when properly adjusted, will receive WBAA only on its assigned frequency. Mr. Insley says that WBAA should present “up to date piograms." Have you any suggestions, sir? If you do have why don’t you visit the station arid present them ?
An Open Letter To “Pop” Doan
Dear “Pop:”
Why, just why is the athletic department so tough about “the use of “student” basketball tickets by persons other than the students to whom the tickets weie issued? In past yeais, as at present, student athletic tickets were not transfeiable, but, in yeais past, unlike today, students were not required to buy tickets. If they didn’t like the high-handed manner of the athletic department and the ticket office they just didn’t buy tickets, and, therefore, had not kick coming. Now, they just pay up the $10.00, wheththey want to or not. There are just so many seats in the Fieldhouse (about 3,000 too tew) and all of these seats are sold for each conference basketball contest. Since these seats are all sold and there aie none left for the general public within two weeks of the game time, the use of the student tickets by non-students does not take from the athletic department any possible additional revenue. What diffei-ence does it make to the athletic department, or to any one else, who sits in the seat, if it has already been paid for? If these facts were not as they are if we were back in the “pre-Peld-house days,” I could see the possible justification of the “non-transfer able luling” but With every game a sell-out. With some students, because of work, unable to use their tickets. With some students having ^ho interest in athletic events,
By Mary Cooley A co-ed at Texas A. and M. college yelled at the psychological moment and as a result is soprano soloist in the college choir. The director of the choir was walking dejectedly up the walk towards the main building one day, wondering where he was going to find a suitable first soprano. The co-ed just then began yelling lustily to her roommate a half-
block away.
A few minutes later she was running scales in the director’s studio. Now she sings first soprano in the choir—all because she wanted her roommate to bring her a pack-
age of gum. * * 5k *
In this era of economic and social unrest, college graduates are finding it awfully tough to get started on the mythical ladder of business or professional endeavor. Most common complaint of young Phi Betes whose keys have not yet tarnished is that a college education has placed them between the proverbial “Devil and the Deep Blue Sea,” prospective employers claiming that they haven’t had enough practical experience to hold a job in a medium bracket and that they’ve got “too much on the ball” to start in a lower bracket.
ii' sk * *
Oglethorpe University co-eds have formed an “Ugly Club” to protect their rights against unchivalrous males. Their motto is take everything they can get. “We never turn down anything,” said the girl who is Madame Queen, or chief mogul. “If a cigaret is offered and we don’t want it ourselves, we have to take it and give it to one of our sister members. Although we’re not exactly gold diggers, we’re going to take everything we can get.”
With athletes being issued reserved seats they themselves cannot possibly use. With the high-handed manner of forcing tickets upon Students, re gardless of circumstances, and regardless of the student’s wishes, And with the impossibility of the loss of revenue to the athletic department, I see no possible justification for the prohibition of the use of tickets by persons other than the students to whom they were issued. Perhaps I am wrong, if I am I would appreciate your setting me right, by means of these columns. —F. M.
SWEET LUXURY It must be sweet to be a Sigma Chi and a big shot Union executive . . . and have the poor sophomore and freshmen Union workers slave from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. doing your home work. We’re talking about this “traffic survey” being made in the Union Building . . . you know ... all the people sitting at cjlrd tables clicking tabulators. The survey is being made for a term report in CE 166 which is the civil school’s way of saying “City Planning.” The Union boys are in the news ... it now comes out that Thomas Sheets, big-hearted prexy, is engaged to a little gal in Chicago. What we want to know is “Where was Twitter Benton Saturday night. She wasn’t in an ice-cream parlor. The MARS double passes are just aching to be won by some industrious contributor. Hotton's Play Wins Si^yfhwarfli Trophy Gil Hutton, WBAA publicity director, has been named this year’s winner of the Southworth Script Trophy for the best one-act play or radio script written by students. Hutton’s play has already been presented over WBAA. One of the other one-act plays submitted will be presented as a Tower Theater production under the direction of H. Kenn Carmichael, some time in the near future. Judges for the contest were Prof. R. A. Cordell, G. D. Williams, and R. H. Crowder of the English department. SIpa Pella Psi Sponsors Information Desk In Gym As a convenience for men wishing to pass tests for membership into Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, an information desk is being maintained three days a week on the second floor of the Fieldhouse. The desk, which is being kept open every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday by the Intramural department, will be provided with a man who has a stop watch and suitable authorization to pass off the tests needed for membership in the fraternity. A member of Sigma Delta Psi will be on hand on the track to pass track tests. Mars Features 'The Buccaneer^ The stoiy of a famous pirate king so notorious that the government put a price on his head is “The Buccaneer,” a Cecil B. DeMille produpction which began on the Mars scieen Satuiday. Fredric March plays the role of the pirate chief who became one of the nation’s heroes when he came to America’s rescue in her darkest hour and helped Jackson turn the British away from the gates of New Orleans Prom his port of “Barataiia,” Jean Lafitte carries on piracy in a gentlemanly like manner, preying mostly upon Spanish vessels and establishing a rule that American ships go unmolested at all times. Although the customs officials of this country, irked by the superiorbargains he offered to New Orleans shoppers, put a price on his head, Lafitte always maintains a deep affection for this, his adopted country.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee To the ladies we address this column which is really an addendum to an earlier column—that one on napkins and their, use. The napkin is to remove lost pieces of food from the lips to improve thq appearance of the diner. What then can be worse than to see a girl or woman smear her face with lipstick from her lips with a napkin. And think of the napkin.
TODAY & WEDNESDAY /G ^ ^ The roaring story
of the pirate who saved the nation!
i'
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES ORGANIZED Ballet and Tap ENROLL SAT., FEB. 26 Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Students at Emory University are taking up roller skating. One student who wanted to get to classes faster bought the first pair and then started the new practice . . . now it has replaced the model “A” as the badge of the undergraduate.
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY Warner Baxter Wallace Beery
“SLAVE SHIP” — and — “SONG OF THE CITY’ with Margaret Lindsay Jeffrey Dean Nat Pendleton
‘DICK TRACY” SERIAL
VICTOR MOORE MILTON BERLB Holan Broderick, Jono rromoo, Biwter West, Mellua Macon, Hal Komp end Orchoctra -EXTRAJOE PALOOKA COMEDY
‘If you saw the way he drives, you’d be tickled to death that we’re parked!”
as lipstick is indelible to the skin, so it is to the linen of the napkin. When going to dinner a woman must remove a heavy coat of lipstick and apply a thin and firmer coat that will not rub off onto the napkin. Time enough after dinner to repair your make-up. Don’t have it all over the napkin and your face.
felFAllE - flii'iffi A SWSElIffiAiT ‘vd'h GEORGE MURPHY • KEN MDHHAYsViJ*A^'CHARLES sWINNINGER • ANDY DEVINE
:NEW DNIVERSAL PICTURE
U3HA Today - Wed.Tuesday# February 22# 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Squash Team Beats lAC; Win Silver Coffee Pot Coach Clevett’s squash racquets team captured the silver coffee pot trophy by defeating the Indianapolis Athletic Club, 6-6, in a meet at Indianapolis Saturday. The coffee pot idea was inaugurated by “Chief” Clevett last season. On the lid of the pot is a man, racquet in hand, representing the squash player.
The agreement is that the team to win two out of three meets each year takes possession of the silver pot for the ensuing year. Last season the lAC took two out of three to win the pot in the first year of competition. With the score tied at five all, winning the trophy depended upon the last match of the day. Fields, representing the faculty, outplayed his Indianapolis rival, 3-0, to secure the pot for the Boilermakers. Other winners for the Clevett squad were Sokolowski and Linn for the varsity, and Clevett, Tzucker, and Karr for the faculty. Captain' Lucek, Juve, Knoll, Eberhard, and Wakefield lost their matches. Earlier this season the lAC met the University squash team at the
town courts in lafayette, losing, 11-1, in the first leg of the silver coffee pot battle. Hallie Myers Will Speak Before ASCE Tomorrow Hallie Myers, State Director of Traffic, will address the ASCE at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow in the upper lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building. Myers was a speaker at the recent road school, speaking on the promotion of safety on the highway. His topic tomorrow will be the safe design of highways and streets, and safety devices and measures used by the Highway Commission of Indiana.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
WINNIE’S HAMBURGERS
Pie Ice Cream
5
345 State
Purdue Fencers Rate Second In Big Ten—Finney By L. D. Bown “Purdue’s fencing team can be rated second in the Big Ten Conference by any scoring system,” said Coach Finney yesterday. Evidently Gold and Black fencing is on its way to the top after spending last year near the cellar. This year, the squad defeated Illinois, Northwestern, and Ohio State, tied with Wisconsin, and dropped a meet with Chicago Saturday. At the beginning of the season, the team made a trip east and lost all their meets, but the squad had not expected to win over such teams as N. Y. U., which is coached by one of the foremost fencing experts in the United States. They took the trip to gain experience and it seems they did, as evidenced by their success so far. Well Balanced Squad “We have a well-balanced squad,” remarked Finney as he told of some of Purdue’s victories. “For instance, Wisconsin had a good fencer who defeated one of our best men, but our second and third men won their bouts, so we came out 2-1 in the lead in that event. And so it goes; perhaps the other team has experts, but it’s the whole squad that really counts.” Saturday the fencing team will entrain for South Bend, where they will meet Notre Dame in the second tilt of the season. Purdue defeated the Irish 15-12 in the first meet.
LEARN TO DANCE A Private Lesson Will Be Given FREE OF CHARGE WED., FEB. 23, 7:00 P. M. To Those Wishing to Enroll in Our ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Reds Beat Greens, 4L27, In Freshman Cage Preliminary Hardwood fans had an opportunity to see future Boilermaker basketball stars in action last night as “Dutch” Fehrmg’s team of Red freshmen trounced the Green, 41-27, in a fast, hard-fought tussle, punctuated frequently as it grew older by fouls and jump balls as 17 frosh participated. Several of the yearlings looked impressive. Chamberlain, who played only a short time, made five baskets to pace the winners, while Igney hit three field goals. Swarts. Gutting, and Brough sank two each. Correll, Hardy and Rechenbach held up their end of the work for the Reds. Bosse Sinks Three Bosse kept things moving for the Green team, dropping in three baskets, two of which were the long “swish” shots. Weber, Witsman, and Stallings each made two baskets, and Schlater made one. Pauline, Bausman, Brinduse, and Rohrbaugh failed to connect, but frequently flipped good passes and worked hard on defense to make up for the lack of tallies. From the beginning, as Chamberlain flipped in two shots, the Reds held a lehd which was never overcome. Although Chamberlain retired shortly after the game had started, he returned in the second half to toss in three more baskets in the first few minutes of that period. With a mixture of height and speed, the group of freshmen indicate that next year’s Boilermakers will not be dropped into a lut because of graduation losses. Prof. O'Shea Present's Paper In Atlantic City Professor Harriet E. O’Shea, ol the education and applied psychology department presented a papei on “Essentials of Counseling” at a meeting of the American College Personnel Association in Atlantic City, N. J., Thursday.
Swimmers Place Third In Chicago Meet; Wafer Polo Team Loses 7-3
Track Squad Will Meet Northwestern In Dual Contest Here Saturday Coach Hermon Phillips’ track proteges have started preparations for the dual meet with Northwestern at the Fieldhouse Saturday after a fair showing at the meet held here Saturday with Wisconsin and Chicago, Coach Phillips holds a very optimistic view for a Purdue victory this w^ek-end. Northwestern lost last week to Iowa, but is well primed for a possible win against Purdue. Although the exact strength of the team is yet unknown, the squad will be composed of a few sure point winners, such as Luther in the 440-yard dash, Knapp in the distance runs and Lemen in the dashes.
BASKETBALL Court 1—^Igney 7:00—Marwood vs. Chauncey. 7:15—Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:25—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Triangle. 8:40—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Court 2—Aronson 7:00—Luma vs. Rochdale. 7:15—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 8:25—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Chi. Court 3—Captain. 7:00—Salisbury vs. Wesley Boys. 7:15—Evergreen vs. Bastile. 8:25—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8:40—Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 4—Gale-Foster. 7:15—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Chi.
Purdue’s swimming team came in third in a three-way meet with Chicago and Wisconsin in Chicago’s pool Saturday night. Wisconsin won the tilt with 68 points. Chicago earned 58 points to place second and the Gold and Black trailed with 34 points. Wisconsin won six of the nine events, Chicago won two, and Wildtook the diving event for PurLee Emmerick of Wisconsin, ly virtue of his two victories in the 60 and 100 yard free style events was the high scorer of the evening. Polo Team Loses On the previous evening, the water polo team dropyied a 7-3 game to the Maroons. Coach LaBree said that his water polo team was rapidly improving and that he expects them to make their mark in the win column before long. Leader of the Gold and Black polo team in the ■ Chicago match was Armstrong, who twice threw the ball into the net for scores. The swimmers and water polo players resumed practice last night for the meet tomorrow against the University of Illinois in the Fieldhouse pool. Military Basketball Will Start Thursday Starting this Thursday with a round of practice games, 32 military basketball teams will start competition for the inter-battery championship. Each battery will be represented by one team. Matches will be played on this and the following three Thursda3r’s in the Fieldhouse. This week’s contests will be warm-up games, with the next three rounds constituting the preliminaries of the tournament. The eight teams surviving these three preliminaries will go to the finals.
youlJfind MORE PLEASURE in C/hesterfields milder better taste
MILDNESS that’s refreshing TASTE that smokers like AROMA that makes you down* right hungry for a smoke.
Copyright 1938, Liggett & MyBRs Tobacco Co.I'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, February 22, 1938
Fathers Receive 575 Invitations To Sons'Banquet In\itations to 575 fatheis of Purdue t,tudcnfs livin£> in Tippecanoe and suiioundinp: countie'- weie sent Monda\ foi the fii'-t annual fatheivon banquet to be held next Tuesday e%ening, Maich 1. The progiam is being sponsoied bv the Puidue Dads’ Association. A committee headed by Paul Roystei of Lafajette, piesident of the oieamzation, is in geneial chaige of the piogiam. plans foi which will be completed within the next day 01 s» Reservations foi the dinnei, w'hich will be 75 cents pei plate, may be made with Di Robeit Phillips, of the histoiy, economics, and government department, faculty advisor foi the Dads’ Association, oi tickets may be purchased at the Union desk. The association uiges students living outside of Tippecanoe and the suriounding counties to wiite their fathers telling them of the dinner, as the event is open to fatheis of men students anvwheie Blakely Will Speak Before Af Staffs On Defense Plans “Ameiican Defense Plans in This Re-Aiming Woild” will be the subject Col C S Blakely, commandant of the Pui due ROTC, will speak upon Monday noon at the legulai Febiuaiy luncheon of the staffs of the school of agiicultuie, the agiicultural expel iment station, and the depaitment of agiicultuial extension. The luncheon wall be held in the Puidue Memoiial Union Building
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Mam street.
ROOMMATE WANTED—By jun101 EE Laige looni, twin beds, 306 Noith Giant Phone Coling 3825
TUXEDO FOR SALE—In excellent condition. Puce reasonable. Telephone Fuenet at 5086.
ROOM AND BOARD—Foi students. Single bed 346 Noithwestein Ave.
LOST—K & E Loglog slide lule Maiked H Wing Telephone 2573. Rewai d.
LOST—Glasses in black case maiked Geitiude Schmidt Return to 209 Vine Reward.
Dean Guy Stanton P^oid, acting piesident of the Umveisity of Minnesota, leceived $5 fiom a movie magazine foi a lettei sent in, under his name, to its fan mail column. He is still wondeiing who wiote the lettei
Dr. and Mrs. Eliiott' . . . entei tamed appioximately 100 faculty membeis and students from othei lands at a tea held m the Elliott lesidence Sunday afternoon fiom 4 to 6 o’clock
Notices No Noticts Accepted After g p m.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 ‘of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1 —LOMMEL
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores — “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST llS'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferrj St. Opposite Post Office
— Hardware EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith “C”CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. Dine — DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 — Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^Office Stationery . Wedding Invitations
PHONE - Seles Books, Etc 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
MillhoIIand—Marilyn McKnight, W. A. Illsley, M. A Kline, Samuelson—Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schneler, J. A Stahn, Jacobson—Mary Jane Kyle, Catherine O'Leary, R. Bauman. Garland—A Botsford : Harper—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff, H C Dees, J. C Webb, Taylor— H W. Lloyd, J. H Ant. 2-22 —SAMUELSON
Freshman Battery Basketball: Battery athletic commanders contact your batteiy and organize your freshman basketball team Inter-battery competition will begin Thursday, Febiuary 24 Watch the Exponent for game schedules —PICKERING
Radio Club Meet Tuesday, February 22 in room C of the Union Code instruction staits at 7 p m and regular meeting at 7 30 p m —LIPPMAN
WAA Tumbling: Tumbling practice Tuesday, February 22, at 3 p m in the Women’s Gym —COOK
Student Senate Meeting Tuesday ruary 22 at 4 15 in the Senate office
- MONTFORT
Ftb-
Newman Club' Discussion group will meet in room A of the Union Building Thuisday, February 24 at 7 p m —McCONAHAY Of Thee I Sing- A rehearsal foi principals in all choruses, excepting eight show girls will be held in the tower room of the Union Tuesday February 22, at 6 30 p m —WORCESTER Playshop Stage Crew: All members are urged to co-operate in "Of Thee I sing ” Playshop hours will be given foi woiking every day in the sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p m 2-25 —BRENMAN
Union Workers Our committees will meet n the Union woik room at 4 p m Wednesday February 23 —J ACOBSON SAMUELSON Bowling Tournament- 7 pm, Alpha Xi , Alpha Chi 8 30, Chi Omega vs Kappa Kappa Gamma Tuesday February 22 - GEORGE
PIA Dance Classes: The new beginnei s class will be held Wednesday evening, Febiuary 23, at 7 30 The second of the first beginners’ classes will meet Thursday, Februaiy 24 at 7 30 The fii-st of the advanced classes will be held Monday February 28 at 6 00 Later advanced classes will meet at 7 30, Monday Sign in the PIA office 2-25 —CLYMER
Games at 4 -30, Wards 3 and 4 vs. Pedalion, Ward 1 vs Collegiana —PHELPS Peg Fairfax Cast: Meeting Tuesday, February 22, at 4 p m in room B of the Union —RICHEY
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Meeting at 4 p m Wednesday, Febiuary 23 in Lt Col Pickering’s office in the Aimory —BEHRENDS
Co-ed Archers Those inteicsted in indoor archery please see me 2-25 —SCHWEN
I Gimlet- Dinner meeting at the Alpha Chi Kho house Wednes^iiy February 23, at 6 p m Pledging ' \ BROWN
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday Febiuary 24, at 7 30 p m in room F of the Union Pledges be prepared for written test List of membeis may now be ob-
tained at Alpha Chi Rho house —WEDLEIGH. Reamer Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 22 at 7 p m in the Union Building —ROSS
YWCA: Members of campus service committee meet in YWCA office at 4 p m on Tuesday, February 22 —CONVER Purdue Badminton Club: Board of Directors’ meeting Tuesday, February 22, at 6 p m in Miss Brady’s o ce —GOLDSTEIN
Sophomore Cotillion: Meeting at Pi Kappa Phi House Tuesday, Febiuary 22 at 4 p m Important that all members be there —SWINNEY Chinese Students’ Club: Regulai meeting will be held in loom A of the Union Building, Saturday, Februaiy 26, at 1 p m —SOO-HOO
WSGA: Members of activity committee
please turn in their reports. 2-26
-JONES.
Union Sophomore Committees: HARPER—Meyers, Brubeck, Hastings, Baker, Reinhart MATTHEWS—Hallctt, Drabing, Peterson, McClelland, Thomas, Gnest WOODS—Walker, Smith, Sefton, Crepps. TAYLOR—Pogue, Belfield, Larsh, Walker, Zimmerman CABONARGI — Hartman, Richardson, Rectenwall, Ruth Hall, Sefton CROSSMAN—Schiokler, Stocker, Hardin, Thomas SAMUELSON—Moriison,' Bowling, Heubner, Hardin MASON—Cooper, Ashton, Schryver, Laramore, Schickler, Estey JACOBSON—Hruby, Kany, Rice, Kramer, Ciepps, Smith TURNER—Reinhart, Hall, Baker MILLHOLLAND — Lynch, Williamson, DeMars, Mytinger, Edson, Stocker EASTBURN — Zimmerman, Laramore, Edson, McClelland 2-23
When Good Impressions Count You can depend on Crown Cleaned Clothes. Crown Cleaning not only improves the appearance of your clothes but also protects them against moth damage. All Wool Garments moth proofed by Monite process as they are being cleaned. No extra charge for this service.
WAA Basketball Games at 4 p m on Tuesday February 22 Kappa K ippa Gam ma vs Pi Phi Chi Omega vs Phi Mu
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday March 12, Ip m , in Education Building, room 201 —CREEK
Badminton Sign up for all-campus and ward badminton competition on the sheet outside the intramuial office in the Fieldhouse 2-22 —CLEVETT Sophomore Co-ed Exponent WorkersSchilling, Sawdon and Hemy work Wednesday Febiuary 23 Wickard Martens, and Steffee woik Thuisday February 24 Wimborough Thrashei and Johnson work Friday, February 25 —McKEE Union Committees- The following freshmen will work on the committees -disted Ciossman—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff , Eastburn—Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler Turner—Ona Morrison, Jane Black, Mary Jane Kyle , Wood—Catherine O’Leary, Marilyn McKnight, Josinah Allen , CabonargiOna Morrispn, Josinah Allen MatthewsPane Black
RICHARD, for whom girls fell like leaves in the wind.
JMmt
GEORGE-ANN,a raving beauty even before breakfast.
r I ^HEY match their wits against a lonely old lady’s heart. You X will find them irresistible, this family of engaging fakers, who live by their charm and off their friends and chance acquaintances. The author of “Furious Young Man” and “To the Vanquished” has written a truly lovely story of the four Carlyons.
MARMY, who has lost everything but her appetite.
could love u
eiEl filHlEW.
A New Novel *d.A.R.WYLIE Start it in this week*s Post
--Mi
"5 CAPTAIN CARLYON, “late of the—er—Bengal Lancers.’’
atWetes as a pam m EUen ® on the pan
Interview
by BROOKE HAKLON
RNU Adra.rfl. A ' dent that belaying pm jjwfield Hunt Club, by nearly ruined the ^ sLEUTHS CAN’T Edward French really superCATCH CROOKS. A b ^ops-flatfeet sleuths, or are p Read Monsieur le with waxed BROOKLYN M»CK, Cop, by Guy was doing O.K. eparnnEpartnetforcha ^ until It turned out storysmuggler. Eddy J fun and cartoons. PLUS . . - Serials, articles,
HESHSHTHEWORIJi^ MOST MEEROIIS RAFIDS ...alone/ In a homemade boat, young Buzz Holmstrom shoved off last fall to do what no man ever did before: run the Colorado River alone, from Wyoming to Boulder Dam—and live! It took him 52 days to cover those 1100 miles, and an accident meant death by drowning or slow starvation. Here is the story of that incredible trip. by ROBERT ORMOND CASE