/ ^
srite Pursue TExpaneni
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1936
NUMBER 17
Detailed Plans Completed For Homecoming Fast Moving Program To Start With Alumni Registration Friday Opportunity for renewing old friendships, making new ones and inspecting the latest campus developments will be combined with a fast-moving entertainment program for the host of Purdue University alumni who are expected to return here this week-end for the annual homecoming festivities that will be featured by the Purdue-Wisconsin football game Saturday afternoon. According to the detailed program announced yesterday by E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, a wide variety of entertainment will be offered. Festivities will be launched Friday afternoon with registration, informal campus tours, and inspection of Amelia Earhart’s “flying laboratory”. Dinner Friday The annual faculty-alumni dinner will be conducted Friday evening at 6:16 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, with Prof. J. D. Hoffman, chairman of the Faculty-Alumni Relations Committee, in chaiige. Novel features have been planned for this program, including ceremonies in honor of Purdue’s 1911 football squad, which will be celebrating its twenty-fifth anniversary, and the “wooden wedding anniversary” of the Purdue Concert Choir, directed by Albert P. Stewart. Following the dinner, for which a special invitation has been extended to local alumni and faculty members, the group will join the student body at a pep session. Dan Hayne, of Marshall, Mo., 1911 cheer leader, will assist the present yell leaders in stirring up the evening’s excitement. . Open House Saturday morning’s program will be featured by open house all over the campus, and the judging of fraternity house decorations. Another feature of the morning will be a regulation game between two freshman football squlads. The Big Ten game with Wisconsin at 2 p. m. will be followed by informal class reunions on the gridiron. A smoker and dance at the Union Building, and an informal “gabfest” will follow the game. The homecoming festivities will come to an official close Sunday morning.
Dr. Franklin Gives Talk Before AChS Dr. E. C. Franklin, professor emeritus of chemistry at Leland Stanford University, addressed 175 students and instructors last night at the Chemistry Building following a dinner in the Union ballroom. Dr. Franklin spoke on “Liquid Ammonia as a Solvent,” and dwelt upon the possibility of future research in this field. The meeting was held under the auspices of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society.
WAA Wants Co-eds Fdr Hockey Teams Girls interested in playing on one of the class hockey teams are practicing daily. To be eligible for a class team it is necessary to have attended seven practice meetings before October 22. After the class teams have been selected, a double round robin tournament will be played, and all-star teams composed of players from all the classes will be chosen. These two teams will play on the morning of November 21, as part of the Dad’s Day program.
Lafayette Hockey Association Forms The Lafayette Hockey Association was organized last Saturda^r morning at a meeting in the Women’s Gym. The team plans to play the Purdue Alumni hockey team this Saturday morning at the Women’s Gym as part of the homecoming program.
Ag Workers Will Meet Here Today The annual Agricultural Extension Workers’ convention starts to*day in the Union, and will continue for four days. More than 260 agricultural agents, specialists and institution workers Will attend; also many of the country’s leading authorities on agriculture plan to participate. McMillin To Speak Wheeler McMillin, editor of “The Country Home’^ magazine, will speak on “Farming Tomorrow” at the annual County Agent Association banquet Thursday evening. Such agricultural notables as H. C. Ramsover, J. H. Skinner, T. A. Coleman and three U. S. department of agriculture specialists will attend the meeting. Dr. E. C. Elliott will give the concluding speech of the convention.
Co-edsTo Hold Preference Dinners Oct. 8 Rushees Must Turn In Cards By 6:30 O’clock Tomorrow Evening On Thursday, Oct. 8, formal preference dinners will be given by all campus sorority houses. Rushees may call for invitations to these dinners between 4 and 6 p. m. at the Pan-flellenic desk in the Memorial Union Building tomorrow. All replies to preference night bids must be turned in at the Pan-Hellenic desk promptly so that rush chairmen may call for them by 6:30 tomorrow evening. Buffet suppers at the various houses Sunday night brought formal rush, fa close, although informal rush will not end until Thursday. Pledging will take place Friday, October 9.
NYA Worker Burns Arm Freshman Hurt In Explosion of Wood-Dust Eugene Kramer, 413 University Street, freshman engineer, suffered severe burns on his right arm in an explosion of saw-dust behind the locomotive shed at 6 o’clock yesterday evening. Kramer, who is employed under the National Youth Administration, was burning wood-dust which had been accumulated during the sanding and resurfacing of the floors in Heavilon Hall. Only One Hurt He and his fellow workers were dumping the dust on the blaze they had built for the purpose when the explosion occurred. Kramer, being neaiest the blaze, was the only student burned. He was treated at the Student Health Service by Dr. S. J. Miller. His condition is not considere critical, but he will be confined to his rooms for several days.
Frosh Ags To Hold Annual Hayride The annual freshman ag hayride, sponsored by the agronomy department and Ceres Society, will be held Friday, October 9. All freshman agriculture students will assemble at Ag Hall at 4 o’clock iVhere transportation will be provided to the soils and crops farm, east of Lafayette. The hay ride and tour of the farm will begin at the seed barn. Wagons and trucks, provided with comfortable seats, will convey the group through the fields to observe the nature and scope of the experimental work being carried on for the solution of Indiana farm problems. Each wagon will be manned by a member of the agronomy staff, who will talk to the grovip as the party proceeds. Eats and drinks will be served at the farm and everyone will be returned to the campus in time for evening dinner.
Joimialistic Fraternity Honors 12 Rassle Date Set For December 12; Rook Award WiU Be Giv^n Twelve campus journalists were formally pledged into Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity in the Union Building Sunday afternoon. Pledge oaths were administered by C. M. Hardin, president of the organization. Seven seniors took the pledge oath: E. F. Akers, former associate editor of the Agriculturist and at present columnist for the Prairie Farmer; R. W. Dwight, Debris editor; E. K. Jones, editor of the Engineer; R. H. Parkison, Agriculturist editor; H. R. Sennstrom, Independent editor; R. H. Walpole, Exponent sports columnist; and L. D. Wood, Exponent sports editor. Five Juniors Pledged K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion and C. L. Sadler, all junior associate editors on the editorial staff of the Exponent, were also pledged. Following the pledging ceremonies, plans for the Riveters Rassle, annual dance sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, were discussed and the date was set definitely for December 11. The fraternity decided to continue its monthly book award, which is given to the freshman or sophomore submitting the best article for publication in a campus publication. The first book for the semester will be awarded next month for the best article published in October.
Frosh Battle' Varsity Subs To 12-12 Tie Green Potters, Led By Own Band, March Before Game Before a crowd of approximately 1,500 fans, a scrapping bunch of yearlings battled the varsity to a 12 to 12 tie Saturday on Stuart Field. The varsity reserves started the game by scoring in the first few minutes on a series of passes. However, the freshmen kept plugging away and scored soon after changing goals for the second quarter. From theft on they matched the varsity play for play. In a parade before the game, the green potters, led by their own band, demonstrated more spirit than has been shown in years.
Enrollment Record Set An enrollment record of 6,507 students was set at the University, according to Pres. E. C. Elliott. The former record was 4,655 students in 1931. Last year’s enrollment was 4,615 or 19 per cent less. T|ie figures show 4,563 men and 944 women are enrolled; the women gaining 27 per cent; the men 19 per cent. There are 2,098 freshmen, 1,450 sophomores, 934 juniors, 683 seniors, and 77 special students. The enrollment in engineering schools totals 3,030, 600 over last year. There are 876 ag students, including 201 in forestry, 177 in pharmacy, 660 in science, 697 in home ec, and 118 in physical education.
Glee Club To Sing At Press Luncheon The University Men’s Glee club will sing at 12:86 this noon before the annual Journal-Courier Press luncheon for state correspondents in the ballroom of the Union. The glee club has been requested to repeat the program sung at the opening convocation of the University. The numbers will include: “Italian Street Song,” from Naughty Marietta, by Herbert, and “Shortnin’ Bread,” by Wolfe.
Fisk Singers Appear Tonight
Open Conm
SPIRITUALS - GENUINE FOLK SONGS
4* ♦ ♦
Handed Down Through Three Centuries Of Negro Life
By R. P. Manion
Spirituals, such as will be sung tonight at the initial musical convocation for the present academic semester, are founded upon three centuries of Negro life in America. The only genuine folk songs of America, they were handed down from generation to generation, much in the manner of legends, and no appreciable effort was made to collect them until about 76 years ago. They w^ere first recorded by white people from the north who came in contact with the Negroes of the south during and following the
Civil War.
The spirituals were popularized for the first time by the Fisk Jubilee Singers, between 1871 and 1876, when they made a trip throughout the United States and two visits to Europe. In 1619, a Dutch trading vessel put ashore at Jamestown, Virginia, with twenty African Negroes aboard;^olonial settlers immediately b^ght up the human cargo, and African slave trade had started in America. In the years that followed, millions of men, women, and children were captured in Africa and herded onto ships. Those who survived the passage to America were made slaves. * * * Separated from their native land and their native culture, the Negroes were forced to learn a new language and new customs, under harsh slavery conditions. With only their native African rhythms and the King James version of the Bible as their basic material, the colored people created the spirituals—^folk songs of unexpected variety of moods.
In the spirituals, the Negro voiced his faith and his religion, his
hopes, fears, and doubts.
All these songs spoke the group wisdom and expressed the group philosophy. The spirituals are true folk songs and originally
intended for group singing.
* * #
In the preface to “The Second Book of Negro Spirituals,” J. W. Johnson writes, “Indeed, the spirituals as a whole contain a record and a revelation of the deeper thoughts and experiences of the Negro in this country for a period beginning 300 years ago and covering two and a half centuries. If you wish to know what they are you will find them written more plainly in these songs than in any pages of history. The spirituals together with the secular songs—^the work songs and these songs—^furnish a full expression of the life and thought of the otherwise inarticulate masses of the Negrro race in the
United States.”
* * ♦
The Negro’s nature consists of many swiftly-changing moods. He is sensitive to the entire range of human emotions, and experiences- each deeply. Probably here lies the explanation of the variety of the spirituals, that were limited m origin and in vocabulary and yet can hold an audience interested for two or three
hours.
The number of spirituals in existence is not well knowm; seemingly there is an almost inexhaustible supply. Some students of these folk songs have estimated the number to be around 600, and they are still being composed to a small extent.
Reamer Club Picks Pledges Honorary Selects Nine Seniors, Three Juniors Reamer club, honorary of unorganized men for the upholding of campus traditions and the promotion of athletics, pledged nine seniors and three juniors at a meeting in the Memorial Union Building last night. The seniors included R. F. Andres, B. C. Ashworth, G. H. Kerber, M. J. Kwolek, W. G. Logan, H.’ W. McKee, L. E. Parker, G. Perkins and H. R. Sennstrom. The Juniors were J. E. Goory, R. P. Manion and M. M. Ross.
Howe To Talk On Research Associates of Sigma Pi Sigma, subsidiary organization of Sigma Pi Sigma, national physics honorary, will conduct the first open meeting of the year tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Physics Building lecture room. Mr. J. D. Howe, University staff physicist, wrill speak on “The Purdue Cyclatron,” one of the most powerful electro-magnets in the country. He will explain the use of the huge magnet in investigating the structure of the nucleus, propei’ties of protons and neutrons, production of artificial radio-activity and in medical applications. Organization Forniation This associate organization was formed during the spring semester last year. Membership consideration is open to any student vitally interested in physics. University laboratories and precision machine shops are op^n to members of the organization where they may imdertake any project of their own. Under the guidance of Prof. I, Walerstein, Mr. W. I. Caldwell and Mr. E. P. Miller, the group plans to widen the scope of its activities this year.
Graduate Dames Club To Hold First Meeting Mrs. Earl T. McBee, the new president of the Purdue Graduate Dames club, will conduct the initial business meeting of the club year, that will be held tonight in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. All members of the organization are urged to attend this meeting.
Large Music Library Opens Program Of Recordings Given Daily The new music room in the Union, opened to students yesterday with a program of old favorites and classic recordings. This program is to be a daily feature, with the exception of Saturday and Sunday. The hours are from 12 to 1 and 4 to 6 o’clock. Students may request their favorite numbers at the Union office opposite the browsing room. Connections have been made with WBAA and it is planned to broadcast programs soon. Today’s program follows: Noon 1 La Valse (Kavee). 2. Danse (Debussy). 3. Balero (Ravel). 4. Gymnopedie No. 1 (Satie). 6. Selections from Trovatoxe (Verdi). 6. Rapsodie Espagnole (Ravel). 4 o'clock 1 Flying Dutchman—Overture. 2. Siegfried—^Forest Murmurs (Wagner). 8. Symphony No. 9. 4. Coriolan (Beethoven). fi. Selections from Mignon (Thomas). 6. The Whistler and Hig Dog (l^yor). 7. Anchors Aweigh (Zimmerman). 8 Humoresque (Dvorak-Kreisler). 9 or Man River (Hammerstein-Kern), 10. Gems from “The Student Prince" (Donnelly-Romberg). 11. Moonlight Sonota (Beethoven).
Late Pledging Phi Sigma Kappa announces the late pledging of the following men: W. W. Jones, Charleston, W. Va.; W. P, Jenkins, Hartford City, Conn.; E. L. Armstrong, and S. H. Lawrence, Princeton.
Series At 8 Colored GronpTo Slug In Memorial Gym With a presentation of negro spirituals and of classical songs, the Fisk Jubilee Singers, of Fisk University, Nashville, Tenn., will open the University convocation series for 1936-37 at 8 o’clock tonight in the Memorial Gymnasium. These seven colored singers have made extensive tours throughout the United States and have appeared in the capital cities of England, France and Germany. Tonight’s program includes: I—Spirituals steal Away. Goin’ Up. Sweet 'iSirtle Dove. Chilly Water. The Old Ark. 11 I Want to Learn to Serve. Poem written for Fiak Singers by Hugh Dillman; Music by Harry T. Buzlei^ Passing By . _ - - — Purcell Murmuring Zephyrs — .Jensen A Star - ^Rogers in Caressing Mine Idol’s Pillow _ _ CfflH Canzonetta Italiana Uel Secolo XVill Now Sleeps the Cnmson Petals.. Qnilter When I 'Hunk Upon the Maidens — J9ead Leonard Franklin IV—Spirituals I Want to Go to Heaven. Little David. I Want to Die Easy. I Want Two Wings. My Soul Is a-Witness. Students and faculty members will be admitted to the program upon presentation of the convocation tickets issued to them during and following registration. Approximately 3,400 seats will be available.
ExponentAims Up For Debate Discussion Forum Wi]! Analyze Platform ^ Arguments for and against the separate points included in the Exponent platform will be presented at the regular weekly meeting of the Discussion Group in room 1 of the Union Building at 7;30 o'clock tomorrow evening. J. E. Jump, electrical engineering senior, will lead the discussion. For the first time since its founding the Exponent has established a platform that is printed in each issue of the paper. Some of the points have aroused considerable criticism on the University canipus. Tomorrow night’s forum is planned for careful consideration of each of the platform planks. The discussion forum is sponsored by the Student Union under the direction of Dorothy Kuehn, co-ed executive of the Union. The forums are conducted informally and are open to anyone.
Cosmopolitan Club To Hold Initiation Cosmopolitan club will initiate several new members at a meeting in the old Union office Thursday at 7:15 o’clock. There are now 69 students from foreign countries in the club. Nearly forty per cent of the members are Americans. The club invites every student who is interested in their activities to attend the meeting. Last Friday the following members were initiated: C. A. Certueha, Mexico City; R. C. Johnson, Gary; Kennett Merchant, South Bend; Octavio Mendez, Panama City; W. Hupe, Germany, and R. F, Barrett, Elkhart.
RAIN MAYBE
By Tempy EicpQaqnt Weather IMfouse I always wondered what a “snap course” was and yesterday I found out. I was over in the Education Building nosing around and happened into a psychology class. The professor was muttering about synapse and the course of a nerve impulse. Now I guess i^ychology is a ‘Synapse course”, ft might rain or thunder today hut it*S sum to he cooler.f *
■* n . H
' 16! S,a'J S ' 1
/r'
''ij.
I,''
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 0,19$g
Trouble At Columbia Coluin1[>ia University has been noted for the progressive spirit of its student body* and is no stranger to ^tudant protests. Now the officials of that school are receiving touch criticism over the expulsion of one of the members of the American Student Union there who led a demonstration against Columbia’s acceptance of an invitation to participate in the celebration of the 550th anniversary of the University of Heidelberg. The American Student Union is probably not the type of organization to which we would wish to belong, but its action in protesting the acceptance of this invitation, which was designed to glorify Hitler and his Nazis, cannot be condemned. The expelled student, Bob Burke, was the president-elect of Columbia’s junior class last June. He was thrown out of school for allegedly using profanity during the demonstration and for leaving picket signs at the home of Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, president of the institution. A Burke Defense Committee, cooperating with the radical American Student Union and American Civil Liberties League, is trying to gain Burke’s reinstatement. Affidavits have been presented in attempts to prove that the expulsion was based on false grounds, and the whole case has received nation-wide publicity. Assuming that these affidavits are correct, there seems to be no excuse for the action of Columbia officials, other than their desire to rid the school of an outspoken student leader affiliated with these questionable organizations.
For Glory Or---?
A recent cartoon appearing in the Chicago Daily News shows, among other things, a man representing the college counting thousands of dollars while a football star looks on, musing “If I took a couple of bucks they’d can me.’’ Yes, the cartoon is concerned with the current debate over sponsored college football games. Since the Atlantic Refining Company announced that it intended to sponsor a number of games in the east this fall, several other advertisers have made like arrangements. The Ohio Oil Company will broadcast the entire Notre Dame schedule. Dodge Motor Car dealers will sponsor the majority of the games the University of Minnesota will play, and so on. But still nothing is said concerning that absorbing question—what is the football player going to get out of it? It’s a curious situation. It is one thing to be fighting for the dear old Alma Mater, but another to be giving one’s all for the Ohio Oil Company. Perhaps the player is supposed to look at it philosophically and say, “This is no concern of mine. What if the college does use me to make money ? I still have the glory...” But it’s hard to eat glory, and most football players could use a little money to good advantage. And even if they didn’t need it, they should still be paid for they have as much right to the sponsor’s money as the college. Perhaps more, for it is the players who risk their necks. The college may train the men and supply the stadium, but the fact remains that it is the team that takes the chances. There should be some compensation.—University Daily Kansan.
If You’re Going To Fight, You’ll Fight Abroad, Too... Many new recruits who were welcomed into the local R. O. T. C. unit yesterday were probably greatly displeased. For they were told by the faculty officer in charge that “it would be unwise to decline to engage in any war except one taking place on our own territory . . . this would not be doing justice to our homes and families.” “Any war waged among American homes,” the officer continued, “would result in the despoiling of American property, of our women and of our children. We must observe the Golden Rule towards our loved ones, rather than toward some marauding nation.” In a very important sense that speaker was right. Students who say they will fight in no war except one upon our own territory are not facing facts. These
$urbae exponent
Founded in 1883
> 1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of Nationul Odleto Press Association, Bif; Ten Editorial Association ExcluslTely Bepresented by National Advertislnr Serrice, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, |3.60 p^r year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year, sold by sinele copy, 2 cfints.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief _ _ _ „ .W, T, Hunt Managing Editor _ __ . E. H. Morris Associate Editors _ K A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A B, Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Sports Editor
Aasociate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
. L. D. Wood
W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager _ ,— „ R. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager _L. H. Brown Lo^ Advertising Manager D. 0. Miller Circulation Manager „ . . J. P. Girard
Editor. Advertls: Aasoelate
WOMEN'S STAFF
Manager. Itors .
„ . ..Helen Creech
Bettj
—Jcy Barnett
Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elizabeth Pyke
Issue Editor—K. E. O’Neil,
students claim they will fight only ih ^ clefensive war. Well, that is a very fine gfCsture 6Yid we are in sytopathy •^th it. But it is a gesture that Will hot work. Events have proved very conclusively that once a war starts there is no way of tellihg whether that war is a defensive or an offensive one. The Germans, in 1914 ahd 1916, and even in 1916, believed that they were fighting a defensive war. So they were told by their Kaiser and it did not matter that some of their troops ranked 1,000 miles to the east of Germany’s easterntoost boundary. And try to convince an Italian today that in attacking Ethiopia he was fighting an aggressive or offensive war. Not a chance. He was fighting “because some Italian troops had been attacked first by Abyssinian marauders.” Or he was “fighting to carry out the white man’s burden in Africa.” But an offensive war ? Never. Do you see the point? It is that once a war starts, all true news stops. Artificial tubes, government fed, are inserted into the world’s arteries of information. A wave of patriotism sweeps the country, “Of course we are only fighting to protect our poor women and children . . . “If we don’t go over there and get those blasted first, they’ll get us! “Purely a defensive measure . . . purely defensive. But after all, we might just as well get in the first blow .. And thus if a war should come, you could not blame the mass for putting into jail the few who had got hold of the facts, for those few who knew would be traitors. They would be slackers, unwilling to defend their country. All these polls lately which ask. Would you fight if United States were the invader? and give an overwhelming percentage of “No” are not very helpful. You will be one among very few if, when that next war comes, you stand up and say: “I shall not fight. This is an offensive war.” So the officer was right in one sense. If you are willing to fight at all, you’ve got to be willing to fight in all wars. Perhaps now you see the alternative. It is to refuse to engage m any war, defensive, offensive, aggressive, call it what they may. If we could get the bame six out of every seven students who voted, in these nation-wide peace polls, against aggressive wars, to vote against all war, to renounce wars as an instrument of any state’s foreign policy, then we would be making our gestures correspond with facts.—California Daily Bruin.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in thit column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Repeal “No Smoking” “Tut tut, little man. You can’t smoke on this campus.” Thus spoke the rulers of the University in 1919, when, possibly midst the hysteria of an anti-tobacCo campaign, they banned smoking on the campus, converting a tradition into a rule. Why did the faculty pass this rule and then often so flagrantly disregard it ? I don’t know. When the thing was turned from a tradition into a rule, an essence was lost which changed observance of and feeling toward the no-smoking idea. For many years, apparently, few if any students knew of the change. Thus, when the Student Senate authorized smoking along the Grant Street road, its word was accepted as law. And now it comes out that the Senate committed a grave crime in thus over-ruling the faculty. There are two reasons for limiting smoking on the campus: (1) danger of fires, and (2) littering up the campus. No student knowing the condition of some of the older buildings has ever tried to smoke in them It is only the faculty men themselves who do so. Those who made the rule are those who disobey it. As to littering up the campus, no definite evidence has been presented that smoking in limited areas would disfigure the gfrounds. True, the comer by the Physics Building was at one time littered with cigarette butts and matches, but a simple, inexpensive container could have prevented it. The rule is obnoxious to a majority of the student body. That is my personal conclusion, drawn from the opinions of everyone with whom I have talked. Its early repeal is a matter of real importance, because enforcement of the rule, aimed at faculty and students alike, is a virtual impossibility.
The quicker the employer discovers how much good the union can do for him, the quicker the employer and labor will come to an understanding, and the quicker the country will find itself out of its difficulties.— Frances Perkins.
Jews can best fight anti-Semetism by living up to the best traditions of their culture and relying on the decency of the American people.—Rabbi Edward L. Israel.
The whole purpose of education—the only purpose in the final analysis—is to train for social participation.—Charles H. Lake.
I’m heretic enough to say that a man has no business in education after 40.—Dean K. P. R. Neville.
The financier is essentially a parasite.—Father Coughlin,
Exponent Platform
1. Establish student SELF-govemment. 2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees, 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Modify the Student Union election system. 5. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
B
Hill & iaek -
Sig Putze, of Union fame, carries Off first honors of the day witha erplexing pridilem concerning Gold iggers. Having been giveh a ticket to the dance his natural modesty prevents him from asking a girl to go with him for fear sottie other sweet thing will ask him and he will have to turn her down. Such are the Worries of a big shot.
Theh there is the D U who derives great satisfaction in placing his pin on his girl’s picture every night before retiring. We think you’ve got something there. Miller; at least it is always near at hand.
Student Senate Prexy, Big Shot, etc., l\fartin continues to play his role of “fish” as he escorts Kappa Reisner from place to place. Rumor has it that the above-mentioned co-ed has in her possession a Delt pin as a carry-over of last year’s romance. This is an example of Purdue poetry: TO THE GIRL BACK HOME Tell me dear, and tell me true Were you blue when I left you ? Did you sigh; or did you cry When you heard me say good-bye? Did you wish upon a star. When you thought of me afar ? Did you wish for one more kiss. Well, if you did ^you poor fish! (Only another indication of our eds’ egotism.) The Theta Xi’s profess to have pledged the most conceited freshman in school answering to the name of Kiese. In order to give all the girls a break he has dated himself up for eight week-ends and each time with a different girl. That should give at least sixteen co-eds the chance of a lifetime.
In answer to a questionnaire sent to faculty members concerning dances they might like to chaperone came the following reply: Some one of our revered professors would like to chaperone a dance provided it ends by 8:15 (his bed time) and as an associate would like to have either Mae West, Mary Livingston or Queen Victoria. The last sounds like
FAMILY TODAY - WEDNESDAY 2 —FEATURES~2
HER BEAUTY SPELLED DOOMl
...h'er father s lust for %lood becaimc a cruel brikuLA's DAUGHTER
iO^ITO KRUGERS GLORIA HOLDEN Maigiienl! Cliiirchill | Irvine Pictiel
TODAY - WEDNESDAY LUNA
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
‘But I’m sure We’ve met before, Miss Whimple.’*
a good idea. Alpha Xi pledges, now going through hell week, walked out on their actives Saturday night and left them with a housefull of Delt and Phi Gam pledges desiring to be instructed’in the subtle art of dancing.
FRATERNITY GOLF Today Phi Kappa Psi vs.’ Delta Upsilon. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Chi.
New MAIN Now Playing! FREDRIC MARCH KATHARINE HEPBURN in “MARY of SCOTLAND"
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our New ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS Wed., Oct. 7, 7s00 P. M. Waltz and Pox Trot Taught Indiana’s Largest Dancing School
Phone 2130
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
ARC Tuesday - Wednesday FREDRIC MARCH CHARLES LAUGHTON “LES MISERABLES” — and — GEORGE O’BRIEN in “O’Malley of the Mounted”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
'i t t OJ (ioCc
MARS
BRADY PATRICK DIXON lagM* RALLETTB Ataa MOWBRAY •aei ea Nw BSMl Iv tds HsW
NOW PLAYING
RCA VICTOR - GRUNOW - ERLA SENTINEL - ADMIRAL RADIOS RADIOS
5 Tube Laydon, 2 Band $18.95 / Largest stock and assortment of radios in Lafayette, priced up to $200.00.
C. B. Klinker Sales Co. 827 Main St. phone 79$0? til ;
' i V
i/* '•J ( /I
Tuesday, Otitojber 6,193^
THE PtJEDUE EXi?t)NEHT
SOFTBALL # ^oday 8—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 12X. 10— ^Ward 11 vs. Ward 4. 11— ^Ward 7 vs. Ward 8. 12— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. I 18—Ward 9 Vs. Ward 7X. 16— ^Ward 13 vs. Ward 10. 17— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 18— ^Ward 15 vs. Ward 12.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
Today, 4:16 o’elocic J. P. McGrt^Oi Vs. M. Puente. W. *lP. ShMey vs. %. M. Siiyder. A. Boksenhom vs. D. Oherle. M. C. Magnussen vs. J. C. Woodson. K. W. Kuehler vs. R. Tillson. L. Brodsky vs. P. T. Cooper. 5 o’clock J. A. Hehbler vs. W. P. Berg. D. H. Green vs. L. Gardner. E. Lown vs. M. P. Wildish. R. B. Peterson vs. B. Kaufman. O. W. Brenting vis. P. Breiner. M. Johnson vs. J. Kerwin.
S0METMIN6 WONDEftFIfl goes on iniide FILTER-COOLIB
MEDIOI
. Tbit simple appCMC ing yOt emesing A* ohsow*”** filter in^ vention with Cdlo> phsne exterior and cooHm mesh screen inierlorkeepej^oee aUdflakeslnyUter [ andoutornioath«
I Prevents tongoe
[ bit^rawmon^
RNUT BMAa MONBV CANMIV
|HINM»D or WiUt
, wie°t heel, hi ^odor, fre^eot exploration. MV breaking
in. Improves thetasteand
iaromaofany
*[ tobacco.
ALSO CI8ARETTS AND CIOSII^
[NOUMEaS
THE ONLY PATENTED # “CELLOPHANE’^'- SEALED* FILTER-IT REALLY FILTERS >
PRACTICE T6UCBBALL GAMES
Today
Field
1— ^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta The--ta Pi. Official, C. W. Hamiltoh. 2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. Official, ‘G. ft. Kdrber. 3— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. Official, R. H. Latter. 4— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Official,#. Beck. 5— ^Triangle vs. Theta Chi. Official, W. Bartlihg. ft—Delta Upsiloh vs. Sigma Nti., ^Odicial, R.'C. Spencer. 7—Defta Sigma Lainbda vs. Liiihb^da Chi A’^fJha. Official, N. Abell.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA^ CHINES, bought, sold, rented a: repaired. Supplies for all ipachim C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent — Attractive, lower, front room. Two instructors or graduate students or business women preferred. References. 609 North St.Ph. 7790.
Lost—jfirown leather key holder containing 4 keys. If found return to Delta Tau Delta house. Phone 6021. Reward.
Lost—^Pair yellow gold glasses Please notify McNaughton, Theta Chi House. Phone 7927.
For Sale—1930 Model A Ford roadster. Reconditioned motor — •new tires, also spare. Easy terms. Call 41063. Wanted—Drummer for campus band. Call Schilling, 6067.
Lost — Fountain pen (Parker make) on Stuart Field Friday. Reward. Call Tyrrell, 2601.
Wanted—Students to do sliderule calculations, 36 cents an hour. See Mr. Lutz, room 134, E. E. Bldg, Tuesday, 4 p. m.
Leahy, Barrett Emerge Victors New Record Set By Johnny Leahy With Score Of 262
Leahy and Barrett, claimants to the All-UniVersity doubles championship in bowling, met their first challenge Sunday afternoon in the new howling alleys in the Union Building in championship style. Piling up an aggregate of 1,916 ten-pins, an average of 190 pilw per game per man, they handled the challenge of the Hooker-Mikkelsen combination of 1,707 pMis. The Vic^ tors hit a fast pace in the second 'game, spilling 441 pinS, and gained the lead which they held until the finish. Johnny Leahy contributed strongly to the winning combination, scoring 262 pins for an individual game, and 678 pins for three consecutive games, both alley records, and scored an average of 203 pins per game for the five games. Happy Hooker averaged 167 and Mike Mikkelsen 176 for the losers. Johnny Barrett averaged 180. Ralph Stucky, employee at the new alleys, officiated and offered the next challenge. The losers asked for a return engagement. The championship claimants are open to all challenges and have won the first leg of the mythical championship trophy.
REFEREES WANTED
Boys interested in refereeing touchball games please leave name and telephone number in the intramural office. Following boys please r^ort to Mr. Clevett in the intramural office at 4 o’clock sharp today: C. W. Hamilton. A. P. Gillis, R. H. Latter. N. Abell. G. H. Kerber. C. Mangas. W. Bartling. R. C. Spencer. Jack Beck. M. L. CLEVETT, Intramural Director.
Badgers Play Here Saturday
Boilermakers Face
Tough Assignment For Bomecoming Game
Wisconsin’s impressive showing against Marquette may mean the Boilermakers will be faced with a much tougher assignment than is indicated from the Badgers loss last Saturday. Saturday’s battle will be the first time two Big Ten teams will meet with both tising the Notre Dame style of play.
Greek Touchball
Practice Begins
With the interfraternity softball season nearing its close, the intramural department has turned its attention to getting plans under way for the interfratemity touchball and the annual fraternity cross-country run. A practice round for touchball will begin today. Footballs may be checked out for practice but they must be returned the same day. Paid officials will handle all games and will have a good ball on hand for the game. The winner of this competition will receive a cup, 60 points for participating, and medals to the memhei:^. The cross-country run, a two and one-half mile jaunt which takes the runners around the intramural field three times, will start at the end of 4th Street, on the intramural field at 4:20 on October 27. Pour men from a fraternity may compete, three can place. All runners report to main lobby of gymnasium at 4 o’clock October 27 for numbers and instructions. A cup and medals will be awarded to the winning i:eam and individual members, and 26 points to each team finishing three men.
University of Wisconsin’s head football coach, Harry Stuhldreher, was one of Notre Dame’s four horsemen . . . Jimmy Crowley, coach of another of the Boilermaker foes this fall, namely Fordham, was another member of that famous backfield
troup
jf
...choice By B«4» yHtiipoitmmmmltmmA
We certaifily missed some predictions Saturday . . . guess we can^t call them upsets either, for several of our misses were predicted that way by otiher papers ... oh, well, we Will try agaift hext week, and our record isn’t so bod at that... we have hit ten of our thirteen tries...
-fc—
Northwestern’s win over Iowa puts them as one of the teams to be considered near or on the top this season ^ .. the Wildcats meet both Ohio State and Minnesota at home within the month... —fo—
Jay Berwanger, Chicago’s great All-American back, who graduated last June, is helping the Maroons in their practice drills ... in preparation for the Vanderbilt game. Jay worked as a player with the fresh-
man mittad to attempt to Varsity... —fy—
>ma la Utt in action . Tlie Brntermaker first strfaE; ttae, cmiaistmg ml Vcrgane^ iBanieister# W<fitinatt, Bdk <>ravea« FowdU, and Schreyer average 293 pomida per man . . . tlile keaviest man in Ver' gane^ topping Urn scales at 241 andi the fightest is Lee Gravei^ who fists at 175 ponnls ... )
Bans Strctribca PwMaxMnfi^ aba»> latcix na fallans ISaO-iaM
On« Sfin WiSaesa Wavtaw, gtmrmnteed mas-tasafsaafras Plain Shampoo and Eiagerwwrft ... VaM Drene 9iamiwo.aiid Fingorwsve ~ aS Weekly Co^ed l^teeiai — Sbampotv Fingerwave, Manietnre and mUr Trim .n
WE USE SOFT WATER 324 Life BMg. ROSEMARIB L08ET
Phone 5348
MILDRED OOCHENOUB
Every senior, desiring to have his picture in the 1936 DEBRIS, must report to the Debris office, on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, at his scheduled time. A fee of $1.60 will be charged for each sitting. To insure the best picture, it is suggested that Hie seniors wear plain, dark dothes. —R. W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris.
r*
8:00 8:16 8:30 8 45 9:00 9:16 9:80 9:45 10:00 10:16 10:30 10:46 11:00 11:16 11:30 11:46 1 00 1:16 1:30 1:46 2-00 2:16 2:30 2-45 3:00 3:16 3:30 3'46 4.00 4:15 4.30 4:46
Tnesday, October 6 Alexander, C. C. Ashworth, B. C. Bakey. F. C. Batchelor, J. W. Andres, R. F. Antomni, H. F. Baker, 3. M. Baumgartner, C. L. Aikman, O. Anderson, R.F. Anderson, E W. Anderson, J. E. Akers, E. F. Ammerman, J. M. Allen, M. S. Anderson, W S Armon, Chas. Baur, R. O Birdsall, F. C Blocker, R. S. Berg, K P. Bluemel, E. Bodine, R J. Brandt, A. W. Bell, S. K. Bowman, Glenn Bowman, J. M. BrafCord, D. A. Compton, M. C. Coop«r, R. S. Coplen,'H. L. Cory, M. T.
V October 7
8 00 Bice, G. W. 8.16 Black, D.E. 8 30 Blaney, R. D. 8 '46 Bomhauser, L. B. 9.00 Black, 6. T. 9.16 Bosonetto,E.A. 9 ‘30 Bowen, M. M. 9 46 Bowman, F.E. 10 00 Baum, Chas. L. 10.15 Blakley, J. H. 10 30 Bryan, C E. 10 45 Brusky, J. W. 11 00 Burban, C. R. 11 15 Bolds, H. H. 11 30 Bouton. M. N. 11:46 Brandt. H. H. 1.00 Baumbdek, E. J. 1 *16 Belury. N. G. 1 '30 Brewer, C. 1 46 Brinson, R. F. 2 00 Anderson. J. D. 2:16 Atkins, y. 2 m Brown, B. K 2 46 Brown, D. R. 3 08 Blank, E. J. 3.15 Boroviak,E. 3 '30 Buck, R. W. 3 46 Burgess, J.D. 4 *00 Cross, R. £. 4 16 Cu^e,M.E . 4*30 Dafler, Leon 4:46 Daley, C. G.
)
RESHMEN
can you read?
If course. . . . Can you write? . . . Certainly. ... Do you want to write? Or sell ads? ... Or take photograplis? ... Or keep accounts? . Or just learn what a newspaper is all about? If you do, The Exponent has a place for you. Stop in The Exponent office. Fifth and Ferry Streets, any afternoon between four and five-thirty. Investigate The Exponent before you commit yourself. No experience necessary. You’ll find The Exponent occupies a position midway between an activity and a career.
(Ehc i?uriiuc TSxftanentFotir
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 6,1936
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
for
Big^ 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real ChUi
KEYS Keys for tranks, door lodes, desk lodes, nisht Istches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a spe> dally. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette. InA
NOTICES NeohUcM accoplod •her t p. m.
Y. W. C. A. Program Committee—Meet Oct. 6 at 4 o’clock in. Y. W. C. A. office. —MACINTOSH.
Flying Club—Meeting in the old Union office at 7:80 p. m. Oct. 6. —SMITH.
Bowling—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E. W. 58, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women's Gym. —ELLIS.
Animal Husbandry Students—Out to conflict the livestock tour and barbecue date has been changed to Oct. 7 instead of Oct. 8. —WHITE.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
W. A. A. Tennis—These games must be played before Oct. 9: Bern'adine Barnes vs. Marian Long, Janette Morris vs. Florence Beilke, Elizabeth Barnes vs. Willie Gross, Betty Arnold vs. Martha Walker, Margaret Jenkins, vs. Joyce Davison, Roselyn Jackson vs. Luanna Thompson, Ruth Randall vs. Georgia Walker, Pauline George vs. Margaret Mathes, Eileen Thomas vs. Maud Wib son, Marian Kidd vs. Georgia Elliott, Alice Breltwieser vs. Nina DeWitt, Mary Alma Pell vs. Lois Mills, Charlotte Foreman' vs. Jinny Baxter, Marjorie Mobler vs. Barbara Pickett, Blanche Kernel vs. Margaret Stock—RIETli.
Swimming Classes—Classes for Oct. 6 are postponed until Oct. 8 because of convo. Schedule for Oct. 8 is as follows: 7:80, advanced s'wimming; 8:80, life saving. —RUSSELL.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post OflSice
Vesper Services—Oct. G at 4:06 p. m. at Wesley Foundation House. Dr. J. W. Findley will speak on the Old Testament. —McEACHRON.
Independents—^All membership books must be reported to the P. I. A. office at 4 p. m. Oct. 7. All others wishing to work on' the membership campaign are asked to be there. —PARKHURST.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119^2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Independent Co-eds—^AIl wishing to work on P. I. A. membership campaign are asked to report to P. I. A. office at 4 p. m. Oct. 7. —BOEHM.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Meeting at 4:80 p. m. in W. S. G. A. office Oct. 6. —FELDT.
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Cosmopolitan Club—^The following are expected to come to the old Union office Oct. 8 at 7:15 p. m. to be initiated into the club; F. 0. Toy, J. F. Whitney, Bernard Firestone, V. D. Bistro, H. A. Berube, J. H. Williams, Maurice Neptune, Myron' Moser, W. B. Landon, M. N. Czuczko, N. M. Parkhurst, H. F. Gurtan, A. S. Finar, Robert Blandon. —FUTOOHEE.
Men’s Glee Club—Short program Oct. 6 at 12:29 p. m. in Union. —STEWARD.
Sigma Pi Sigma—First open meeting of associates of Sigma Pi Sigma Society will be held at 7:80 p. m. in the physics lecture room. Mr. J. D. Howe, of the physics staff, will demonstrate the Purdue Cyclatron and speak on the use of this powerful electric magnet in atomic study. —MERIAM.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 60S0
Independents—^All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
Playshop Stage Crew—Important meeting in sub-basement at 4 Oct. 6. —KETCHAM.
Strong for Touchdowns!
Discussion’Group—Meeting Oct. 7 at 7:80 p. m. in room 2 of Union. —KUEHN.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet in Union office at 4 p. m. Oct. 6. —REITH, PFORZHEIMER,
REID, SCATTERDAY,
7
Gimlet—Meeting for actives and pledges at 7 p. m. in reception room of Union Oct. 6.
—HODGDON.
P. O. M. M.—Short, important meeting for pledging Oct. 6 at 4 p. m. in cadet officers’ room. —MARTIN.
Scabbard and Blade—^Meeting of Scabbard and Blade club members Oct. 6 at 7:80 p. m. in the Union. —BAKER.
Purdue Engineer—Staff meet Oct. 7 .instead of Oct. 6, except circulation staff. Circulation staff and those who cannot meet on Oct. 7 come Oct. 6. -JONES.
Playshop—All ticket salesmen who have not reported to me please do so at the Playshop office between' 4 and 6 p. m. Oct. 6. Bring stubbs, unsold tickets and money. —RUSSELL.
Christian Science Organization — Initial meeting to be held Oct. 6 in room A, second floor of the new Union addition, from 7 to 7 :46 p. m. Everyone interested is cordially invited. —WILLS.
Debate Managers—Sophomores meet in second floor of Union Building at debate office at 4 p. m. Oct, 7. —PERRY.
Union Sophomores—My committee will meet in Unio sub-basement at 4 Oct. 6. —STALLINGS.
Health Service—Will the following students please report to the student health laboratory, room 101, Stanley Coulter Hall, Oct. 6 or 7. Enid G. Baker, Helen Barnes, Mary A. Beko, Doris Best, Dorothy Boenicke, Emma Fickle, Ruth Hall, Marion Hays, Thelma Hood, Mary Ann Koch, Louise Lyman, Julia MacDermid, Jean Maechtle, Mary Ann Nisley, Bettye Ossen'berg, Helen Plank, Margaret Rickey, Carmen Rivadeneira, Joan Roth, Edna Stephan, Helen Summers, Cetherine Weisinback, Jane Woodcock, Sara Wynn. Finer S. AH, E. C. Ambrosen, H. L. Anderson, E. L. Armstrong, F. H. Auble, J. R. Bachman, M. J. Babcock, P. D. Backlin, A. E. Bachman, R. L. Badgley, J. R. Baker, A. G. Bale, R. W. Bonnter, J. A. Beemer, Henry Baken, J. W. Benjamin, J. W. Best, B. C. Bishop, R. T. Blackmore, R. M. Black, H. J. Blind, L. P. Bonacci, C. H. Bonnet, C. E. Bowman, L. P. Bown, G. Boyce, J. H. Bowling, W. E. Bradley, W. M. Brandt, E. A.
Everyone around Purdue is strong for touchdowns!.... Fou7/ score big in Crown Cleaned Clothes.
ROWN
FINE CLEANERS
O F
AUNDRY
FINE CLOTHES
Brazanskl, R. F. Breen, F. S. Bremer, H. W. Bremer, Chester Brown, H. B. Bruns, Kenneth Brown, Robert Brown, B. E. Buenting, M. L. Butcher, M. V. Campbell, S. W. Campbell, A. B. Carlson, F. W. Carr, J. A. Caulfield, C. H. Cavan, W. R. Chapin, 0. A. Childers, H. Christeansen, P. Christman, E. L. Clarkson, J. M. Clem, R. M. Cleveland, R. A. Cook, R. R. Cooper, O. B. Cope, L. I. Coppes, J. K. Corington, J. A. Courtright, J. C. Curnick, R. W. Curtis, J. A. Dalton, J. F. Danielson, J. E. Daugherty, W. P. Davis, Mark Deal, E. G. Dearie, E. B. Diggins, G. W. Dietz, F. B. Downey, Jean F. Downing, P. A. Driscoll, N. E. Drybread, J. A. Dupj>s, H. M. Dykhuizen, N. Egnatz, 'W. R. Elias, L. C. Farquhar, S. T. Farwell, C.' M. Fauber, T. B. Ferguson, B. B. Fisher, S. T. Foote, C. W. Forburger, D. R. Foster, G. G, Foster, W. H. Fuller, B. E. Franks. P. D. Freeman, Louis E. Preyman, T. P. Fuller, L. W. Gable, G. W. Gale. K. T. Garty, C. F. Garver, F. W. Gasaway, J. A. Gann, H. E. Gaslin, R. C. George, K. P. Ginn, G. T. Goff, W. H. Gowan, L. K. Grave, L. F. Greenburg, R. E. Hacker, C. N. Hall, J. T. Hall, M. C. Holloway, R. W. Hallett, J. H. Hankinson, E. R. Hardin, A. C. Harra, H. Harrington, D. S. Hartman, D. E. Hartley, H. S. Hawes, T. P. Heckman, R. W. Heid, L. Heim, R. H. Hillman, R. Herbert, B. J. Heritage, R. H. Herrold, E. C. Hershelman, R. W. Hicks, W. M. Hilt, V. T. Hitchcock, W. Hodges, R. M. Hughes, T. J. Hutchison, Maaji Ive, L. Johnson, C. K. Jackson, P. G.' Jackson, W. P. Jenkins, R. F. John, C. R. Jones, E. L. Kaniok, R. N. Keen, J. E. Kerwin, M. H. Kennedy, G. Kester, D. B. Kiltner, K. Kimmel, W. D. Kise, A. J. Kochlas, B. J. Koehler, R. L. Kuhns, William Kunkle, T. M. Laurenson, R. F. Leeg, J. E. Lentz, David Lewis, G. R. Leybold, F. J. Liano, J. A. Lindeman, H. J. Lucas, W. D. McCauley,
R. P. McConnell, R. W. McMurtrie, B. E. McNeal, L. C. McPhail, E. 'V. Maechtle, C. T. Manlove, H. W. Markham, H. G. Martin, E. Meers, C. H. Michael, M. J. Miller, H. O. Mouson, C. E. Moore, J, A. Mroz, A. Moscowitz, W. H. Murray, J. R. Nesbitt. G. Nicklas, J. K. Norris, E. Nuding, R. Obenchain, G. M. Oberholtzer, J. E. O’Connor, J. E. O’Farrell, E. M. Otto, W. R. Ourand, A. C. Palemo, J. M. Parrett, C. R. Peter, R. G. Potter, E. W. Foto, D. J. Quinlan, A. P. Raebel, W. C. Raitt, E. P. Pateike, T. I. Reese, F. W. Rifenhurgh, B. Ben Boin, J. R, Reser, M. T. Reynolds, M. S. Riddiford, N. H. Riise, T. W. l^se, F. W. Rosebrock, L. A. Roth, W. H. Russee, F. J. Scott, G. P. Scott, R. A. Sherman, P. Schri^r, R. G. Schwaeg-
erle, D. P. Seale, J. H. Sears, B. J. Serowick, R. J. Shank, R. J. Shaw, M: M. Shendler, G. Shepherd, H. E. Shively, R. J. Schrader, L. Siess, J. L. Simmons, R. L. Slaughter, M. L. Stamm, B. Stark, W. E. Starutt, P. Seat* on, T. P. Stephenson, B. C. Stroup, W, F. Study, R. E. Seely, O. O. Suriace, M. W. Sutton, L. K. Swink, A. N. 'Thom, J, H. Thompson, S. J. Thursby, W. Townsend, J. T- Trembois, W.. E. Unger, H. D. Valentine, M. B. VanHoose, R. W. Viehe, V. T. Vitkus, P. Vuchinas, R. J. VyvertTerg, C. H. Waldhaver, B. A. Wargo, L, J. Warner, T. A. Weldon, N. B. WUley, J. G. Williams. P. H. Wolfard, J. R. Wood. O. S. Worden', K. 11. Young, A. Zimmerman. —MILLER.
Appreciation I wish to thank each and every student of all schools for their patronage of my new Sandwich and Root Beer Store at 113 Vine Street, where quality of all food and drinks must continue.
THE TRIPLE XXX
BERT.
It's a Liqht Smoke!
A smoke that treats you right! You who go in for sports ... and you who don’t... you both have reason to treat yourselves well... to reach for a light smoke ... a Lucky. For a light smoke is gentle with you. Easy on you when you inhale. Kind to your throat. And since your Lucky ... a light smoke . is made from the choicest center-leaf tobacco, it tastes good, too, even when you smoke all day long. So, for a smoke that treats you right it’s wise to reach for a Lucky. And remember, the protection of the famous "Toasting” process is enjoyed only by those who smoke Luckies.
SWEEPSTAKES ' FLASH! Over 1760 Ions of paper bought so far! Since the start of Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes” more than 1760 tons of paper have been purchased to print "Sweepstakes” entry cards. Just think of it! That’s enough paper to fill about 88 freight cars. Haveyo« entered yet? Haveiyouwon your delicious Lucky Strikes? Tune in "Your Hit Parade"—Wednesday and Saturday evenings. Listen, judge, and compare the tunes—then try Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes.” And jf you're not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack to* day and try them,too. Maybe you’ve been missing something. You’ll appreciate the advantages of Luckies—a Light Smoke of rich, ripe-bodied tobacco.
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting. Aato Body Shop 421-423 North Third
OF RICH, RIPE-BOPIED ^TOBACCO-"iT’S TOASTED''
Copnifht 1986. Tb« American Tobacco Companjr