■ngi:.
‘Wm
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VpLUME XLVIIl tilf '~
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, JANUARY B, 1987
NUHBEB ^
Young Scores 27 Points In Boilerniaker Victory
Lamhertmen Show Occasional Flashes Of Form 43-30 Win Against IF^isconsIn Badgers By Dick Obenchain
Back* To The Grind! Exams Lead Way
Examination schedules! What a greeting for a tired bunch of returning vacationists! What an anti-
j Purdue’s vaunted Boilermakers opened the 1937 Big Ten season last night with a 43-30 victory over Wisconsin—but the polish and speed which have made “ding-dong” basketball a national hardwood slogan were sadly lacking. Jewell Young, who accounted for 27 of the 43 points, was
the one bright spot in a rather
Dr. Kathryn McHale Given Trustee Post
Noted Psychologist Succeeds The Late Mrs. V. C. Meredith
Dr. Kathryn C. McHale, directorgeneral of the American Association of University Women, and nationally known educational psychologist, was appointed to the University board of trustees, filling the vacancy left by the death of Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, r The appointment was made by Governor McNutt during Christmas vacation. Dr. McHale’s term will end July 1, 1938. Both Dr. McHale and' Mrs. Meredith were mentioned in the' last “Who’s Who.” The new appointee has taught several summer courses at Columbia University, her alma mater, and 'written several books on educational psychology.
Potter Will Atteofl
Engineers’ Council
Dean of Engineering A, A. Potter ■will preside at the annual meeting of the American "Engineering Council, of which he is president, January 14, 15, and 16 in Washington, D. C. This organization includes all the professional engineering organizations in the country.
January 5,1937 INTRODUCING to you readers a column that will endeavor to bring you short items of interest, bits of news comment, and brief glimpses of campus life . . . here and elsewhere. Your comments, criticisms, and suggestions are welcome. -^0— ALMOST five thousand tired, bleary-eyed, happy students returned to Lafayette this past weekend wearing a miscellaneous assortment of new ties, hats, handkerchiefs, dresses, shoes, gloves, sox, purses, scarfs . . . and everything that a Christmas-loving public is in the habit of gi'ving one another . .. Now to rest up a bit. . . ■ '■'■30 - DAME Rumor has it that a co-ed will be considered for the position of Junior Prom Queen of 1937. Definite plans have not been worked out yet, but more details and information -will be given out later, , It sounds like a great idea ... in fact you might say, “You’ve got somethin’ there, boys.” ' 89 WORD reaches us that New York University has added a course to its curriculum whose sole purpose is to aid the uuderstan(|ing of modern jazz music. It is no more than reasonable to assume that graduates will receive a R. S. degree ... Rachelor of Swing. —30—. LESS than a weeb ago Old Man 1936 breathed bis last amid the noise, cheering, and revelry of one hundred million Americans* The infant 1937 has been v’^eloomed "with open arms and promises to develop into a healthy, prosperous, and successful youngs man. . At no timg siuee 1039 has a New Yuav held as much in prospect for 0Y®rypne, A toast! , . . to 1987, and to a Happy New Yparloryouaij,, ., .
dull evening. His trick formula of fake-fool-flash-flip-and field goal was too much for the Wisconsin defense. He swished 11 baskets and five free throws to be stopped just two points shy of equalling the Big Ten Scoring record of 29 points held by Reiff of Northwestern. The stall, an archaic basketball device scornfully spurned by Purdue teams of former years, was rejuvenated by this year’s Lambertmen several times during the second half of last night’s fracas. Although the stall is very impleasant from the spectator’s standpoint it can be used to great advantage in drawing the opposing defense from under the basket out upon the mid-court. When Wisconsin started to camp under the Purdue basket and caused' such a congestion that the Boilermaker squad foimd it difficult to get room to shoot. Young, -with the help of his teammates, held the ball in midcourt and invited the Badger players out to get it. ’During the entire first half the Purdue squad seemed to be having difficulty in holding onto the ball. Time and time again passes, which left the receiver ■wide open, were muffed and the chapce.to score,'wac lost. One thing that ^d a serious effect upon the Boilermaker passing was the fact that the Badger de-, fense seemed to have had much practice in blocking the tricky Purdue passing attack. Many times the Purdue five worked the ball back and ferth under the basket and as they were getting set to score one of their passes would be blocked. Powell was high scorer on the Wisconsin squad with 12 points but Rooney, who scored hqlf of the Wis-
(Continued on page 3)
dote for the Christmas spirit! What tonic for' the New Year cele-
brants! What a challenge to the New Year resolutions!
Spaulding, Bauer Play Joint Program At Convo Tonight
University Asks State For Two-Year
$5,182,275 Budget
University officials, needing money for construction work, faced ■with higher operating costs, and hoping to raise the faculty salaries to the 1932 level have asked the state to grant them $5,182,275 for their combined 1937-1938 and 1938«‘1939 budget. The requested amount for this two-year period is slightly less than t^wice as much as was granted them during the present period. The budget which was submitted to the state legislature calls-for the construction of new Chemical Engineering, Horticulture, and Physics buildings, and allows $200,000 for improvements in the Michael Golden Shops. Indiana University, which asked for and obtained five new buildingrs during the present two-year period asked for $300,000 more than Purdue for its coming biennial budget.
Girls’ Intramural
Volleyball Tournament Continues Tonight
The penalty date got us back in town all right, Christmas ties and handkerchiefs and all, but not in a studying mood. The vacation melody lingered on—^until the examination schedules came out. Vacationing minds creaked as professors tried to turn them back into the channels of c}gii|^oop routine. Oh, well, ipqybe by examination time we’ll have recovered from our vacation.
Walker To Offer
Chemistry A'ward
Major Theodore W. Walker of New York, ■vice-president of the Commercial Solvents Corporation, ■will present to the chemistry student making the outstanding progress in his course during the year, a gift of one hundred dollars. Walker was prompted to make the award on a recent ■visit to the campus when he saw the announcements of various other awards. The award will be made under the guidance of Phi Lambda Upsilon, honorary chemical fraternity. President E. C. Elliott stated in announcing the award. The award was designed to stimulate greater interest on the part of the students in chemistry.
Offer Diesel Short Course
Today, ak four o’clock the girls’ intramural volleyball tournament ■will be resumed with Alpha Chi Omega playing Ward 2, Kappa Kappa Gamma playipg Ward 4, and Alpha Xi Delta vs. the third floor of W, R. H. The tourukoiient began December 1 and will continue until the her ginning of examination week. The teams are dmded into leagues, tbe winners of which 'will play each other in the finals. Autumn Thatcher, head of the CQ-ed volleyball has arranged the games so that each team ■will play
A cooperative short course for the operators and owners of Diesel engines, as well as for the motor service workers will be held at Purdue in February, it was announced today by Prof. H; M. Jacklin. The dates for the course have no't yet been determined, as they depend on arrangements made by various cooppating concerns that are furnishing the material for demonstration purposes. The course, two weeks in length, will be held not only at Purdue but at other midwestern colleges. Several large business cpncerns will cooperate in moving equipment from one school to another, giving the engineering students an opportunity to inspect the various types of equipment carefully.
Uecture Features Tuberculosis Film
“Behind the Shadows,” a special talking picture on tuberculosis will be featured today at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall for students, faculty and to'wuspeople. Dr. Miller has announced. After the picture. Dr. Strayer, superintendent of the Ross Sanitorium, ■will give a special talk. Following the program there ■will be ■ a meeting of the Tippecanoe County Tuberculosis Association in Fowler Hall. This program has been presented pre^viously to the members of the ROTC, and today’s program at four will present an opportunity for other students interested to attend.
Violin Soloist And Pianist Share Recital
Noted American Musicians To iPlay At Memorial Gymnasium
Harold Bauer
Albert Spaulding
Administrative Offices Move To New Executive Building
The new student and administration building, which has been officially named the Executive Building, is rapidly nearing completion. Parts of the building are already being occupied. The University plans to move the rest of the administrative
divisions to jthe new quarters next month. The student health service and personnel offices ■will occupy the ground floor. The^e offices have been alfiitost' completely occupied already.
Construction Underway On Fieldhouse
The main floor contains the offices of the registrar and the deans of men and women. On the second floor are the business offices, occupied some time ago by the controller, purchasing agent, and auditor.
The offices of the president and his staff are also to be on the second floor. They will be ready for occupancy next week. The third or top floor has not yet been completely finished, but part of the space will be occupied by the Soil Conservation Department that has made its headquarters at the University.
Practice Begins For Co-ed Rifle
Team Aspirants
Chi Omega won the intramural rifle tournament December 14-17, ■with Kappa Kappa Gamma . and Ward 1 running a close second and third respectively. Louanna Thoinpson was high scrorer for Chi Omega and Margaret Richey for Kappa Kappa Gamma, with Doris Christenspn high fojr Ward 1. Class teams have been selected and on January 6, there ■will be a required practice for the members of class teams. All members and alternates must shoot at least one target on that night. The interclass meet will begliTw January 7.
Cambridge Physiologist Describes Feelings
After ^^Bashing*^ In Cold Room
New Haven, Conn.—(ACP)—Sir Joseph B|incroft, Cambridge university physiologist, wanted some idea of how. it would feel to freeze to death, so he basked in the cold. Describing his frigid adventure to Yale university students, Sir Joseph explained that nature dictates the body should remain constant at 98.4 degrees Fahrenheit, and much change caqsed by Iqng exposure to
cold has ill effects.
“In each of the two experiments which I performed there w^s a moment- when my whole mental outlook altered,’! Joseph said. “As I lay naked in tha cold room I was shivering gnJ wy logs were flexed in a soirt oi effpift tq huddle up, and I was very conscious of the cold. .‘•Then ^ a moment oaine when I
stretched out my legsj the sense of coldness passed away, and it was succeeded by e beautiful feeling of warmth; the word ‘bask’ most fitly describes my condition. I was basking in the cold. What had taken place, I suppose was that my central nervous system had given up the fight, that the vascoconstriction had passed fyom my skin, and that blood returning thither gave the sensation of warmth which, one experiences when one goes opt of a cold ^torgge room into the orJingiY room.”
Sir Joseph declared that nature apparently fought the cold UJ* to the point when he experienced the “beautiful feeling of warmth,!’.and then it gave in. He also described his change in mental attitude.
Excavation Half Completed; Building To Be Ready By November Excavation for the new fieldhouse has been half completed and concrete pouring has started according to a statement made last night by A. E. Kemmer, local contractor who was awarded the contract for construction December 21. Kemmer’s contract calls for the completion- of the building hy November 17. Total cost will be about
$715,000.
Ground was first broken December 28 in the field just east of the Cary Halls. A $293,400 PWA grgnt and a $250,000 bond issue and the alumni contributions that totalled $130,000 ■will go toward paying for the structure.
Albert Spaulding, America’s foremost ■violinist, will play tonight for the first convocation of the new year in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock. Accompanying him ■wQl be Harold Bauer, noted pianist, in a joint recital. Bauer has gained recognition by means of his talented fingers. He has been described as the great tonal architect of this decade. Henry T. Finck, famous American music critic, once stated that he is a master of masters, who possesses the absolute perfection of interpre-
tation.
Spaulding is the only American violinist and one of three ever to be invited to play as soloist with the Paris Conservatoire Orchestra. The other two were Kreisler and Ysaye. He has had more than fifty of his compositions published,- which includes piano as well as ■violin music. He has appeared in every music center of the world, and has introduced American .music to' the far comet’s of the world.
R. B. Howland Gets Director Position
R. B. Howland, a graduate of Drury College, 1906, and a University B. S. in Electrical Engineering in 1910, has recently been elected ■vice-president and a director of the United Engineers and Constructors Inc., of Philadelphia, according to word received from Dr. C. Harding of the Electrical Engineering school. Howland is a member of Phi Delta Theta, Tau Beta Pi fraternities, A. I. E. E., the Racquet Club of Philadelphia, the University Club of New York, and the Union League Club of Chicago.
Nichols-Ohaver
Lexington, Ky., Jan. 2.—Mr. and Mrs. William E. Nichols of this city announce the engagement of their daughter Dorothy, to John C. Ohaver, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ralph M. Ohaver of Lafayette, Indiana. Miss Nichols is a senior at the University of Kentucky here and is a member of Chi Omega sorority. Mr. Ohaver attends Purdue University where he is a senior science student and a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Mr. Nichols, father of the bride-to-be, is county joudge of the Fayette County Circuit Court. The date of the wedding has not been announced. '
Womens’ Club To
Hear Art Critic
The Purdue Women’s Club will have Mrs. Helen A. Read, noted art critic of New York, as its principal speaker this Friday afternoon in the Home Economics Buildjng at 8:30 o’clock. She ■will give a illnstrated Idcture oii “German Art, Past And Present.” Mys* Read recently returned from an mctended visit in Germany where she spent many months collecting a gronp of German art pictwes now on ejjfhihit in the Chicago Art Institute, ,
7,000 Fanners To Meet Here
Annual Agricultural Conference To Be Held January 11 To 15 Seven Hiousand farmers and farm workers from Indiana and neighboriug states are expected to throng West Lafayette for the week of the annual Agricultural Conference, from January ll to 15, according to Walter Q., Fitch, general chairman of the affair. Each department in the school of agriculture "Will offer a program of lectures and demonstrations, designed to extend its experimental information directly to the rural areas. Speakers from the School of Agriculture ■will be supplemented by representatives of neighboring imiversities, as well as by prominent farmers. Nineteen different agricultural associations ■will hold their annual meetings at the conference, among them tbe Com Growers’ Association, which ■will hold its annual Com Show.
Greek Ping Pong Tourney Postponed
The- inter-fratemity ping-pong tournament scheduled to begm yesterday, has been postponed until tomorrow because of the convocation tonight. Contestants are to report at Hie tables on the gymnasium floor at 4 o’clock. Fraternities wiH . be limited to teams of three men each. The winners will receive medals and a cup will be awarded to the fraternity whose member survives the eliminations and comes through to win the tournament.^
Probably Snow
By’t'eiiipy' Thfi Exponsnt Wcafber Surprise! Here I am again. Yon thought I died in 1936 i. « , f didn*^ As I smd before; Ijere I am, ready to start another louky year ■wrong. All these people wishing everyone else a happy Noo Year make me sick... not mo;i Pm gmma be dinerenh I think it’s a ha4 7^ and it won’t be happY . -. finids are just 15 d^ys away- What makm me bate Hila year is a Non Year’s eve experience- I was singiii|t ChiHahmas <»arols lHaltt Strwt in am opeyaUc atyle when someeae mvm along and said, “What arya doinf** Then a tnp slimmed me ^ ^ lafOh yes., The Tjreather witt he eatd with a pessdhilikf ef snow-
yp ■' V
■ /It
\ I
•'ynW.'THE PURDUE EXPONENT
A Purdue Year
1937 is a Purdue year. Symbolized by the appearance of the Old Gold and Black on Indiana automobile license tags, a few days ago the year which is to TttAan so much to Purdue was inaugurated. This year the University’s building program will take a big step forward. In June Purdue will complete a year in which the enrollment reached the highest peak in history. Notable improvements in laboratory and other equipment are expected to make their appearance this year. td -i In athletics Purdue will keep up the Boilermaker tradition of always being the team to beat. The basketball team seems destined for the heights; no games have been lost to date, and the conference season opened last night with a victo^. Some of the minor sports have promising outlooks for the coming seasons. Football prospects are indeed bright, with hopes already high for the return of the other half of the Old Oaken Bucket. Purdue’s fame as an educational center is spreading far and wide, and in 1937 our school will climb up several more notches in the ladder of success.
1937 For Purdue
Certain alterations and modifications m the administration and equipment of the University approach as 1937 comes into its own. These changes will not be the result of a sudden whim but the products of careful, longtime planning. Of course student activities will undergo the usual successions of officers, and perhaps, m the style characteristic of student government because of short tenure and lack of continuity in office, even revolutionary changes of policy. These shifts are relatively unimportant, however, in comparison with a slowmoving set of changes in administrative setup. Financial requests presented to the state budget committee provide for the elevation of salaries of an underpaid faculty to the 1932 level. Funds are also asked for the construction of several new buildings, but pruning of the requests by the budget committee and perhaps by the legislature may prevent the materialization of some of these plans. The probable completion by next fall of the new fieldhouse, with a seating capacity capable of accommodating all students, and a large number of outsiders as well, at basketball games, may be accompanied by the compulsory purchasing of athletic coupon books by all students at registration. Minor varsity and also intramural sports at Purdue will certainly gam more prominence with the availability of various courts, a larger swimming pool, an indoor track, and other athletic facfiities provided by the fieldhouse. After several years of student agitation, hygiene lectures with University credit will be initiated for freshmen students next fall. There are still possibilities of changes in the Umversity calendar to provide for a longer vacation at Thanksgiving time, but recent discussions of the matter at faculty and executive committee meetings offer little hope. Considerable unfavorable criticism from faculty members indicates that the present class attendance ruling is fairly certain to be revised soon. The ruling was instituted on trial three years ago, and although for a time opinion was fairly well divided as to its effectiveness, a number of former faculty advo-
tBift $urtue exponent
Pounded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 PBsociabd GDUegioie Press Distributors of GDlle6iciteDi6est
RCPBEseNTCD POR NATIONAL AOVBRTI8ING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. HL College Publishers Representative ‘
420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANGELES - PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette In.diana. Delivered by mail, $3 60 per year, delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Kditopda^ChisL.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Manaeing Editor
' iSdttoa.
W T Hunt E H Moms
X. A. Barnette, J. B. Brack, A H Forster
B. P Manion, C L Sadler
Sophomore Assistants W M. Anthony, D A Bailey,
J A Chapin, 3 B. Clark, L. S Hardin,
Editor™—™ Associate Editors
Advertising Manager
BUSINGS STAFF IrDfrinffg MftiuufBr National Advertising Manager ~ " Local Advertising Manager „ __ CiipcuUi^Jofi
Editors
SPORTS STAFF ~ L. D. Wood W. H Fieeld, S B. Griffitiis, R F. Obenebain
hmne Editor—D. E. Vaitce.
catos are beginning to believe that students have been granted too much liberty. A smaller percentage of students will get distinguished ratings this year, if the pressure brought by the administration on instructors accomplishes its purpose. The objection, it seems, is not to the number of distinguished students but to the ease with which some of the students achieve the honor. Indications point to a more extensive and a more highly publicized summer school than ever at the University for 1937. A larger enrollment, more prominent speakers and visitors, and a continuance of the publication of the Exponent during that period is in prospect for enrollees.—^R. P. M.
The Embargo Act
On December 21, the United States Supreme Court, by a seven to one opinion, held the 1934 arms embargo act constitutional, reversing the decision of a New York federal district court. The act gave President Roosevelt the right to forbid the sale of munitions in this country for use in the recent war between Bolivia and Paraguay, and gives the President unprecedented discretion in managing our neutrality policy. The seriousness of shipping munitions to belligerents warrants quick, direct, and fair action; thus, the President qualifies as the logical authority m such cases. Congress would be too easily influenced by munition concerns to pass fair legislation regarding the shipments. Inevitable disagreement between the legislators would lead to indirect and slow legislation, which might defeat the sole purpose of the laws. Although the act has to a certain degree strengthened our neutrality policy; it nevertheless has left a large loop hole regarding countries engalged in civil wars. The Vimalert Company, Limited, of Jersey City,^ has been granted permission by the Munition Control Board of the State Department to sell $3,000,000 worth of airplanes to the Spanish loyalists on the grounds that present laws do not govern civil wars. Until this loop hole is plugged the embargo act can not be as stringent a device as we need to help establish a strong neutrality policy.—D. A. B.
Tuesday, January Sj 1937
Back to Hell and starvation—'to (&*!*?&?’" with old Purdue—^the same old grind—a new year—a new cut—^a new deal ? ?—^new pomes ? ? —^new jokes??—^new editor, NO— new doit, I hope ...
What a vacation!—^no sleep—^no studies ? ?—^but, oh what a time . ..
The first sufferer of Dan Cupid’s arrow was Pi Phi Prexy McCARTNEY—^she fell in love with LOVE or something—^this merger took place at the Phi Delt’s Christmas brawl . . .
Love’s greatest conquest of the vacation hilarity is the large sized diamond that now rests on the proper finger of Theta JO HALL’S hand —ROY DETRICH, the campus beard growing champ, blushes like an incoming freshman while JO goes around fiashing the blazer in everyone’s eyes ...
An Incentive In Chemistry
Some noteworthy achievements may be contributed to the chemical field by University students as a result of a recent award designed to stimulate interest in chemistry* at Purdue. During the Christmas holidays Major Theodore W. Walker, of New York, vice president of the Commercial Solvents Corporation, put up $500 to be given in $100 amounts to the student making the greatest advancement in chemistry during each of the next five years. Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary, will supervise the selection of the winners.
However, the worth of the award as an artificial incentive for arousing students to greater efforts in the study of chemistry will overshadow any probable tangible student discoveries or originations.—R. P. M.
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will not assume responstbtlUy for the opinions voiced tn this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Arthur Brisbane
When Arthur Brisbane died the world lost one of its ablest journalists. His opponents, of whom there were thousands, must admit that his record showed him to be a near-gen-
ius at journalistic work.
PILOSOFEE . . A car IS really dangerous when the nut at the wheel gets oiled.
PIA Big Shot, HERSH came back (Continued on page 4)
R. C. EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor
507 Main St.
GRIN AND Bi^AR IT
By Lichly
‘Movie actors are my best customers—it ain’t the fee as much as the repeat business.”
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
FAMILY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY Double Feature — wid —
and
INSPECTOR
RICARDO CORTEZ PATRICIA ELUS MICHAEL LORING BELA LUGOSI
The fact that he turned too often to yellow journalism should detract from his popularity, but not from his demonstrated ability. Though there are many who labeled his daily column, “Today,” as pure tripe of the worst sort, they had to admit that he had something to say and that he said it m a manner pleasing to most. If not, why was he read daily by so many millions? Conducting weekly, daily, and Sunday columns up till the time of his death, it must be acknowledged that he had a really superior mind to keep most of his readers interested all the time. Add to this his success as an expert in building up run-down newspax>ers and you have a journalistic record hard to
beat.
His associations with W. R. Hearst and his career in yellow journalism stand out against him. But all in all, the name of Arthur Brisbane will be remembered for a good long time
to come.
A. B Keller, K H KelloKK, K E O’Neil, C D Sebraeder, H L Stanbsck, D R. Vance
WOHEtra STAFF ™ Helen Creech Jeantie Janousek, Doris McCartney, Eliabeth Fyke Betty B^nett
B J Hulse L H Brown ™ D. C MiUer ™ J. P. Girard
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
MEET THE GAYEST LADY WHO EVER
WENT TO TOWN! / {'■
IRENERUME
Thomas Mitchell Thurstop Hall Rosalind Keith Spring Byington A Columbia Picture
—F|wi<»» “3 Blind Mousketeers” Cartoon In Color "Hollywood Extra”
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— and — Fred Scott
‘Romance Rides the Range” — also — BETTY BOOP CARTOON
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
KEYS Keys for tranks, door locks, desk locks, niaht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
ALL THIS WEEK
And iiere's tho "topa" of all Bingtime musicals I
EleSPOweU JAMES - VIRGINIA STEWART_» BRUCE
MHMiiaiiainiiiiiitfiiiiiiiiinn^^Tuesday, Jatittary B, 198?
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Golden Glove Competition Nears Finish
Eleven Bouts Will Feature Finals And SemiFinals Thursday Night
Twenty men aspiring to be Golden Glove greats will lace on their gloves at the Memorial Gymnasium The fracas will proceed in the tournament Thursday at 7:30 p. m. Eleven fast bouts are on the evening’s program. The i^racas’ will proceed in the following order:
147 lb.—Trcka vs. Forburger. 147 lb.—Giovanni vs. Pater. 147 lb.—Bryan vs. Gilds. 112 lb.—^Markey vs. Franklin, 118 lb.—^Steeleman vs. Day. 1^6 lb.—^Hardesty vs. Mulholland .,-185 lb.—Case vs. Krashen. 160 lb.—Bacharach vs. Seifert, 175 lb.—^Lyles vs. Burks. Heavyweight—Record vs. Surface.
All men who emerge champions and runners-up in their weight divisisons in this Purdue Golden Gloves will automatically enter the semifinals of the Lafayette tournament.
A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occaaiona S5e per paaaenser any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT a RISK DR. LUTHER A, RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Kelley Wins All-America Captain ^s Cup
Election Close By CHRISTY WALSH
Meihber, All America Board of Football (Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.) The Captain’s Cup, emDlematic of All America leadership, moves from the little town of the High Tree, in California, to the Connecticut city of spreading elms. It’s a long stretch from Palo Alto to New Haven but not so far for Larry Kelley, the best little stretcher in college football. It was freely predicted that Kelley of Yale would be the choice of his All America teammates but it was not expected that the vote would be so close—^Kelley received three votes; Tinsley, FrantSs and Kinard, two votes each, and a single nod to Parker and Widseth. Kelley is not only eminently fitted to merit such distinction, by reason of his exploits on the gridiron but as a scholar and all around athlete, he has earned a high place in the life of his university. Despite the wisecracks and fun-provoking antics of this witty Irishman, Kelley of Yale burns the midnight oil scholastically and rates among the leaders in that important, although less spectacular side of college life. At the end of another football season the Captain’s Cup will move on from Yale to the campus of another university and at the end of five years a ballot among the fiftyfive players—from 1935 to 1939 inclusive, will designate one of their number as having best exemplified the ideals of an All America player, in civil life. To this successful candidate, possibly a young doctor, a lawyer, or football coach, perhaps one who during football days seldom made the sports page headlines—^will go permanent possession of the trophy. In voting for a captain each year, the eleven members of the All America team are influenced by the following factors—(1)-leadership, (2) sportsfnanship, (3) sacrifice.
1 s hvne SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
If You Have Resolved to Improve your Personal Appearance in 1937
The American Laundry
is the laundry to take care of your laundry and cleaning. Prompt and exacting service at economy prices.
132 Vine St. West Lufayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
(4) loyalty to team, (5) record on offense, (6) record on defense, (7) influence on team-mates, morally and physically. ’’ On the first and last factors, no current player has given Kelley as much as a contest. On all other points, except No. 6, he had no superiors in 1936. (Copyright 1936 by The Christy Walsh Syndicate.)
Silver trophy to be awarded to Lawrence Kelley, Yale end, for the captaincy of the official All America eleven.
ielder’s....
....choice ...By Bob Walpole —
An old type-writer ribbon, and no news ... all set to start the new year out just as we completed the last one... as soon as we can round up a few of the basketball players’ cuts (faces to you) we’U start a new group of Boilermaker Biographies . . . won’t be long, so hold everything . . . —fc— The Boilermaker net record, not including last night’s game showed plenty of indication that Coach Piggy Lambert has developed another strong hardwood organization . . . the pre-conference record of 47 points per game is not to be sniffed at . . . and Big Ten opponents have plenty to fear when faced with 40 minutes of Old Gold and Black competition. . . . —fc— Now that Jesse Owens has taken to racing horses anything might be expected .. . that above mentioned sport, we are told, is an old one, but apparently it pleased the Ha vana audience who sought a glance at the American Olympic star ... it is rumored that Owens’ manager is looking for an automobile sponsor to back the colored fleet-foot . . . if the car won in a handicap race, think of the publicity ... —fc— Duquesne eliminated T.C.U. from the undefeated class for the 1936 football season on New Year’s Day . . . now only one major United States grid eleven remains undefeated . . . that record goes to Ala bama’s Crimson Tide . . , —^fc— The varsity swimming team has returned with quite a tan and we guess they had a pretty good time ... the prize story of the southern sojourn was received at the expense of Varsity Merman Gillis ... he misjudged an ocean wave and it took him for a tumble. . . and now he is carrying around a cracked up hand . . .
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it woU Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mala at Ttli Phone 6050
Point-A-Minuie Record Still Held By Purdue Netteri^
Young, Sines, Anderson, and Malaska Lead Boilermaker Scoring Purdue’s net team wiped up the opposition in their seven pre-con-ference games this season. In their seven warm-up games the Purdue squad has averaged over 47 points a game, andWlar, the Lambertmen are one of the leading
Three Men Tie For Second Place In
Billiard Tourney Interest in the class “B” billiard tournament is now centered on the battle for second place. James Farrington won first honors by capturing eight straight victories while losing none. Second place was a three-way tie. The play-off for this position again resulted in a tie. P. H. Weisman, A. G. Lockwood, and C. Cerda will play a single game of 100 points to decide who shall win second place. This game will be played Wednesday evening.
SQUASH —TODAY— 4:15—Sigma Alpha Mu (A) vs. Phi Kappa Psi (A). 6:00—Sigma Chi (B) vs. Phi Delta Theta (B).
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop ift the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
SUDDEN Service
P
RINTING, ORIet SteUonery . ^ Wedding tnvIialloM fielec Books,Etc....
PHONE
6 2 8 CASSEL*S 408iFERR
ilP
DR. A. M. miON Dentist
119‘/i Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 Tho tUnkiiur fellow ealls
scoring aggregations of the cotoi-^ try. Co-captain Reward, Young, Sines, Anderson, and Malaska are the five leading scorers of the team. All together they have accumulated 251 points out of the 333 points the team has rung up. The complete scoring table for the seventeen players who appeared in Purdue’s pre-conference schedule follows:
Hhtimiftuim
PlSYAF
YtiUttg', f
. 7
2S
It
a
a as
f
7
27
i
7
7 n
Aiulenofi, 64
22
9
S
la 89
Malasies. tt
7
23
«
a
fa 49
SewMi, e
7
12
2
3
If 23
HowMy, g
g
7
S
»
f4 f»
Dickinaott, g-f
7
«
5
4
9 ft
Rutt, t
»
3
4
3
a la
Zink, i
*
a
2
3
2 14
HoMowajr, e-t
Jl
3
a
2
a a
Dean, gr-f
2
3
a
a
1 a
Mihal, g
4
2
a
3
3 4
Ufangraa, g
4
a
a
a
f a
Baraha, g
4
a
a
a
f a
Swan, g
2
a
a
a
a a
Vergaite, g
1
a
a
a
a a
Team Totale
7 UO 62 39 89 333
t OLD HICKORV FRATERNITY PADDLES 1 k. "Ma(la4a.afifaf tramurm for Mtvie* and Itnanaakn" ( T
_ M«dt4o*efd«f IranurM for (trvic* and hatpaako" b * Nine out «f ten Greek letter organizations choose Old Hickory aiade-to-ond r paddles In fulhHing a traditioq that the Pledge give the upperclassman a presci) r paddle showing theGreekletters.Nicknames, Graduation dates,chapterand'
• As a vj^ ornament an Old Hickory paddle adds a touch ol individuality to thesocid room or study, and brings back, in years to come, memories ol happy undergraduate days. • Old Hickory Paddles are made of selected curly maple wood with rich gloss varnish . hmsh m n^hlfAl. \A/AlniiP mAnrsaAnv/ f\\awrs» Cawm*. .....JlL
10% DISCOUNT One dozen k>t»
rnilbi tfir AGENTS INQUIRES INVITED COMPLETE ^ I pQn folder
Old Hickory PaddU Co./ INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
K
' l. if>'
V ’'w X. V M't 'iT ver
That’s how you feel when you slip into garments cleaned the West Side way. They’re crisp, fresh —the beauty of their original colors and the liveliness of the fabrics restored to that attractive new stage. West Side cleaning performs miracles in keeping your clothes looking their best. And remember this — well cleaned garments, with every bit of grease, grime and dirt removed periodically, last much longer.
V/bst Side Cleaners
We Call for and Deliver 222 North St. Phone 4081
Remember’ Way Back When
Women broke their backs over a wash tub, and men cranked their autos. Those were the days when mechanics used only pliers and screw driver. Such times are gone forever. Now our mechanics use up-to-date machinery, giving you precise work. Drive in anytime and watch us at work using modern methods . . . and when your car needs fixing. Jet us fix it right for you.
24 Hour Sorviee
Peter Anderson Co.
525 Alabama
FlKMw4i)0
•'sfj " i
s - f'S V :
lit?
'ft %/
THfi I»URl)tJE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Down Badgers, 43 To 30
(Continued from page 1)
consin ten buckets, was the man who provided the thrills for the Wisconsin rooters. Almost all of Rooney’s baskets were shot onehanded and from back on the court. The officiating provided the Purdue f?ins with something to take their minds off the manner in which their home team was performing. Although Feezle seems very sour in most of the games that he officiates, he excelled himself last night and really turned in his masterpiece. All of Feezle’s noble efforts to displease the spectators were ablv assisted by decisions of Bray, who held the title of umpire in last night’s fracas. Lineup and summaiy
Purdue (43) Sines, f Young, f Andeison, c-f Sewai d, c Malaska, g Dovmey, g Dickinson, g
B. 2 11 1 0 1 0 0
F. 1 5 2 0 4 0 1
Totals Wisconsin (30) Rooney, f Powell, f Dupee, f Fullei, f Bell, c Hauckedahl, g Mitchell, g Fiey,g Coyne, g
15 B. 5 3 0 0 2 0 0 0 0
13 F. 1
Davis, g
Totals
10 10 16
Big Ten Results Purdue 43, Wisconsin 30. Indiana 28, Iowa 24. Northwestern 47, Illinois 38.
BAB (Continued from page 1)
to school with a very prominent and beautiful RED NOSE—^it wasn’t caused by the weather—^probably burned it on some very hot stuff . . .
The COPELAND, DICK JONfiS affair is back in full bloom again aftei a biief bieathing spell—^looks like DICK broke just before Christmas foi that usual gift reason . .
Shall we shoot pretty JUNE STEWART oi let her die a natural death—people that come back from a holiday jaunt in Florida with a pel feet tan should be shot for reminding us poor devils, who suf- * fered thiough lousy weather, that there aie such places as MIAMI, PALM BEACH, and ORLANDO . . .
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and -epaired. Supplies for all machines. G. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
Lost—White female rat terrier, black and white spotted, named Lady. Call 76263.
For Sale—Tuxedo with vest, tie, and shirt; reasonable. 40 or 42. Phone 41291.
Lost—^Black notebook. Valuable notes. Reward. Walter Downey, 229 University, Phone 41853.
For Salenew. Cook.
-Alto saxophone almost Phone 31782.
KAPPAS CRAWL IN YOUR HOLE— Dm mg the vacation an Alpha Chi pledge at Indiana while passing the Kappa’s new house remarked, “Is that an Agiicultural building or what evei you call them up here; it must be a DAIRY BLDG?” . . .
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
NOTICES
No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
P. I. A.—^Important board meeting today at 4 30 p m. in the office Please be present —BUXTON
W. A. A —Following games must be played by B 30 p m Tuesday, January 6 D Johnson vs Coyner, T Crepps vs Bandall , L Bam vs M Sefton, Merritt vs Petticrew, M Johnson vs V Walters —MAIEB
Fraternity Presidents’ Council—^Meeting Jantiaiy 7 at 6 p m at the Pi Kappa Phi house —KETTLE
'VI- 1% Mm. The Results
from millions spent or RESEARCH!
After tireless effort and millions spent in scientific study, a method has been developed for satisfactorily cleaning and finishing suede jackets. CROWN has adopted this new method. We have just completed the installation of new equipment and materials^that permit us to guarantee the original softness, evenness of color, lustre and unquestioned satisfaction
We Know You Will Appreciate This New Service
FII^E CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Alpha Phi Omega—Very important meeting January 6, at 7:30 p m. in room D of the Memorial Union. —KUECK.
Y. W. C. A.—^All those taking part in the YWCA broadcast report to YWCA office January 6 at 4.00 p. m. —WIEN
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls coming out for fencing please meet in the Women’s Gym today at 4 '45 p m —BEKO
P. I. A.—Monday dance class will be held January 6 at 7 p. m. in the Union ballroom Meet in that place —BUTCHEN
Fraternity Presidents—Please turn cards in to me guaranteeing purchase of tickets to Inter-Fraternity Ball immediately —WINTER
Y W. C. A. Public Affairs Group—Organization meeting will be held in the Y W C A office January 5 at 4 p m All interested should be present —McKEE
Forestry Club—^Meeting in Horticultural Building January 6 at 7 .30. -^WINFOBD.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—^Meeting at 4 p. m. January 6 at the YWCA office. —JONES.
University Orchestra—Rehearsal changed to next Tuesday, January 12. No rehearsal January B —PHILLIPS
University Choir—Important rehearsal January B at 4 p. m in University Hall. -STEWART.
Union Sophomores—Our committees meet in the workritom at 4 p. m January B. —STALUNGS & PFORZHEIMER
Fencers—Tryouts on January B, 6, and 7 for the fencing meet on January 8. If you expect to fence, you must be there —LATTER
Independent Staff—Important meeting January 6 at 7 30 p m in the P I A. office —COX
Playshop Board—^Meeting today at 4 p. m. in the playshop office. —BUBLITZ
Vesper Services—Vesper services will be held at the Wesley Foundation House January B at 4.OB p. m. Dr Lawrence Hadley Will speak on the sub:ject “Planning To Succeed ” All students are cordially invited to attend —McEACHRON.
Newman, Club—Meeting Tuesday, January B at 4 IB p m. in room F of the Union. Everyone who can come be present. —CARTON.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Schedule for January B Alpha Chi Omega vs Ward 2 at 4 p. m. in the large gym KaiSpa Kappa Gamma vs Ward 4 at 4 P. m in the small gym Women’s Residence Hall, 8rd floor, vs. Alpha Xi Delta at 4 30 in the large gym. Ward 8, B Team, vs Women’s Residence Hall, 2nd floor, number 2, at 4 *30 in the small gym —THATCHER
on a new cruise
Carjyitig more pleasure to more people . , , giving smokers what they want . , , Chesterfields are off on a new cruise.
From Wake Island 5000 miles out in the Pacific Ocean, Pan American Airways flashed this radio:
''RUSH TEN THOUSAND CHESTERFIELDS TODAY’S CHINA CLIPPER." ,
At three o’clock that afternoon the Chesterfields were on their way. Four days later back came the message: "CHESTERFIELDS JUST ARRIVED. FAST WORK. PANAIR WAKp." When smokers fiind out the good things Chesterfields give them ... nothing else will do