X )l )C i
I *’'i ■"' '^' /('r.fl'i ’
T,
MERRY-GO-ROUND Discusses Army Wives' Influence
Established 188t
Hell And Farewell
Yoitime 56, No. 115
Purduo University,'West Lafayette, Indiana
EDITORIAL StArr Announces Callout For Service Men Tuesday, February 15, 1944
JIM RICHARDSON Editor
RUTH FORD News Editor
KATY HOWES Feature Editor
PEG STEFFES Managing Editor
RUSSELL LIPES Sports l^ditor
JIM ACKERMAN Co-Sports Editor
MARY DILTS Business Manager
EVELYN BLEMKER Business Executiye
Exponent Announces Staff For Spring, Fall Terms
Bluejacket Cagers Down Riveter Netters 60-46
Armstrong's 21 Points
Leads Victor‘s Attack
By Warren Wright, Associate Sports Editor
.A hard-charging and game Boilermaker cage team met its equal in the Fieldhouse last night when a sharpshooting Blue Jacket five outshot them 60-46, before a howling crowd of apptjoximately 6,000. It was the 26th win out of 28 games for the machine-like Great Lakes team while the Conference-lead-ing Riveters lost their seventh game as against ten wins in the cqrrent basketball season. •-
"’Throughout the first half the play'w'as completely dominated by the fast breaking, wild scoring of both teams as they charged up and down the floor at a seemingly impossible pace. The smooth playing of thee Blue Jackets was not to outshadow the stellar performance of the Boilermakers on the floor, but the sharpshoOting of the sailors consistently
kept them in the lead.
t)urlng the second half the game slackened up because of the stalling and cautious play of the sailors who weUQ^gdJ; ia front by a comfortable irih'ftfii. The all-too-often sound of the referee’s whistle constantly hampered the play of Haag, Friend and Elliot who later fouled out near
the en^ of the second half.
Outstanding was the play of Curly Armstrong whose versatile ballhandling and deadly basket shoot-
ing enabled him to lead the scoring charge of the drive. The books will fof both teams with a total of 21 be collected from various housing points. Following closely behind units and will be picked up in the was the brilliant under the basket Boilermaker Special. They will be play of Paul Hoffnyin who paced the stored in the Union until they are Boilermakers with seven baskets reS3y to be shipped’to ^SSF headand three free throws for a total of quarters in New York. 17 points. Not to be forgotten was , York they will be centhe play of Smith, Schaefer, Lauten- gg,^^ jjg(j c^oss repre-
War Council Will Sponsor Collection Of Books For WSSF During the last three days of the present term the Student War Council, the Exponent and othercampus organizations are sponsor-
ing a book drive.
The drive will be under the auspices of the World Student Service
Fund of New York. This organize- ’working for his advanced degree, he tion was responsible during the last ^as ,employed at the Westinghouse
Engineers To Hear Green, Kemler Talk Tomorrow At 6:30 By Bill Wendell Stanley Green, vice president of the Duncan Electric Co. in Lafayette, and Prof. E. N. Kemler, of the School of Mechanical Engineering at the University,'will be speakers at the annual all engineering banq’uet to be held in the Home Economics Cafeteria tomorrow at 6:30
p. m.
Green, who will discuss stimula-
tion of inventiveness on the part of , . • , . .... — the young engineer from the indus- dmector of musical orgamzations, a^e shown as they appeared Saturday University will
Queen of Hearts, Doris Dant, second from left, and her attendants, Betty Cantley, left, and Bettianne Murphy, right, with Albert P. Stewart,
trial point of view, is an able, ingenious and well-trained engineer, according to Prof. D. D. Ewing, head of the Electrical Engineering School. He graduated from the University in 1918 as an electrical engineer and four years later received, the title of professional engineer from the jsame institution. While
night at the crowning of the Queen during the Queen of Hearts dance,
sponsored by Student Union.
begin Thursday with fireside roundtable discussions in student houses, and will end on Sunday evening,
with
in Eliza Fowler Hall, at which three outsanding men of different re-
ligions will speak.
Various meetings and discussion groups throughout the week will be
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, with Joseph Battista, unWersity RdigburCmmcfl and
Symphony Will Play At Convocation Friday
few years for getting books into Electric and Mfg. Co. in Pittsburgh pianist, as soloist, will appear in a University Convocation at the Tippecanoe County Mimstreial
Richardson, Howes Ford, Steffes Hold Editorial Positions Officially at the end of every term the staff of the Purdue Exponent changes with the new Editors taking over the actual running of the paper. The electoral board of the Exponent has announced the following changes: Editor,^Jim Richardson; News Editor, Ruth Ford; Feature Editor, Katy Howes; Managing Editor, Peg Steffes; Co-Sports Editor, Jim Ackerman, — and Business Executive, Ev-
elyn Blemker. Mary Dilts will remain as Business Manager and Russ Lipes will continue as
Co-Sports Editor.
Richardson, Theta Chi, Sigma Delta Chi and Gimlet, will be responsib'e foi the par'er its policy, and the coordination of the various staffs under him He takes over the job foimerly held by Ellis'
Murphy.
Ford, Independent, Alpha Lamb-
mass brotherhood meeting Delta, Mortar Board and Gold
Pepper, will be responsible for news on the campus and off the campus which pertains to the University, meetings attended by students and faculty and dances, convos and oth-
er news happenings.
Howes, Alpha Chi Omega and Gold Pepper, will be responsible for
Students To Observe Brotherliood Week WitfiReligiousTulks Observation of National Brother-
sevei-al prison camps for Allied Prisoners of War, and also for aiding many i-efugee and internee stu-
dents throughout the world. Marion Swanstrom, chairman of
the war effort committee, is in
bach, and Horn who garnered eleve^i, nine, eight and seven points,
respectively.
Curly Armstrong started the
game’s scoring with a long shot liver the books to a prisoner of war.
which was closely followed by a tip- , ,
, „ ...1 TT i T j. j The drive Will be cairied in in m by Smith. Hoffman retaliated , , ,
, ,, j. j. j- Lafayette after the new term starts with-a tip-in which was the start of
the 12 points which he scored in the fii'sthalf. The Blue Jackets retained th^r narrow margin throughout the first half with the Riveters pullingup to within one point of them, 2625,With seven minutes in the first
half remaining.
"fhe cautious play of Great Lakes at the beginning of the second half enabled them to widen the margin until, with only 16 minutes remaining in the game, they led 45-32. The game Boilermakers were unable to overcome this margin and the game ended with the final score Great Lakes 60, Purdue 46.
Summary:
Great Lakes (60) FG FT PF TP
where he was assigned to solve prob lems in design under B. G. Lamme, then Westinghouse’s chief engi-
neer.
Aided Union Campaign After receiving his degree in 1922, he accepted an invitation by David C. Ross, inventor and Purdue alumnus, to retui-n to the campus to aid the campaign for funds for a new Union building. He was very energetic in this project whil^ at school, soliciting much from the students while he was an undergrad-
uate.
Later Green went with a public country, the orchestra is conducted utility company in Indiana as-a me- by Russian-born Fabian Sevitsky. ter engineer; but, desiring to per- Sevitsky, who has had charge of feet some ideas which he had de- the orchestra since 1937, was foundveloped, he returned to Lafayette as er and conductor of the Philadelphia an engineer with the Duncan Elec- (jhamber String Simfoniette, the trie Company. Since that time he woild’s first peimanent string oihas perfected many inventions and chestra; conductor of the Boston
March. There aie no limitations has risen to the position of bhief People’s Orchestia; guest conductor
7:30 p. m., Friday, February 19, in the Music Hall. Originally Association. The theme of the week heard about and, written
the orchestra had been scheduled for March 17, but the order “How Democracy Is Related to of convocation programs has been changed to include “Life Understanding of Our Neigh-
With Father,” on March 18, Prof. J. T. Bunn, chairman of the •
Ruth Walker, senior coed, is chair-
committee in charge of convo-
cations, announced.
Julian Bryan’s film lectures on South America, the final number of the convocation sqries, has been advanced to March
26 instead of March 30.
Now ranking among the majolsymphonic organizations of the
Service Men, Civilians To Attend PIA Callout Tomorrow, T:30 P. M.
man of the committee-in-charge. . > Dorothy Hendrickson, student, fand Rabbi Meyer Simon of Lafay-
about side of campus life including feature material about most anything, various columns and human
interest stories.
These two will take over the work
done by Bill Tyson.
Peg Steffes, Kappa Kappa Gam-
ette have arranged for discussion Pi^yshop and Gold Pepper, will leaders to visit most of the student be responsible for the internal workhouses on Thursday evening to con- of the paper deciding which perduet round-table discussions|imme- sons shall^ hold various jobs, makdiately after dinner. The majority out working schedules, .and
sentatives in various countries where Allied war prisoners are interned. In each camp a Red Cross representative will personally de-
on the books that will be accepted engineer and vice president of the
except that magazines are not company,
wanted.
Prof. E. N. Kemler, who will discuss stimulation of inveiVtiveness from the point of view of a teacher, is particularly outstanding in that he has a great breadth of knowledge of engineering subjects, not only in mechanical engineeiing but in related subjects such as physics and thermodynamics. He was appointed to the campus in 1942 and
night at i :30 in room 108 of the teaching courses in inter-
Engineers
To See Films Tonight
"'7
Society of Automotive Engineers will hold its monthly meeting to-
Philadelphia, Washington, D. C., New York City, Hollywood and
Monti eal.
of houses on the campus have cooperated well with the committee-
in-charge.
Faculty Lounge Meeting
For independent students and those who eat in restaurants and cafeterias, A/S Dick Wallace has
and answer questions of the pros- planned to bring several discussion ^ ^ : , , • J.I, with Russ Lipes on the sports page
pective workers. leadeis to the faculty lounges in the ... , .
, , , , Union. Special arrangements have ' New workers are needed to carry , , xu ^
, been made so that all service men may come to the faculty lounges Thursday at C p. m. to participai|e
in the “bull sessions’’.
PIA callout will be held tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the office in the Union. A1 Hendeison, president, and Tom Hale, political chairman, will outline the vai lous jobs open
keeping records of the work done' by the members of the associate staff. She holds the position formerly held by Carolyn Wilbur. Evelyn Blemker, Alpha Chi Omega and Gold Pepper, will work with Mary Dilts; and Jim Ackei-man,Tn-dependent and Reamer, will work
iris, Berlin, Vienna, Warsaw, out planned activities for the next
semestei and positions are open in publicity, social and political work. Seivice men as well as civilian students are eligible for positions, and at the end of the semester, keys are to be presented to the students who have put in sufficient time in their
field of woi'k.
Armstrong, f Schaefer, f Coleman, c
Curtis, c
Smith, g.'.. Rollins, .■g"'... . Joachiffir@’- - Lauten^aph, g '''^•urdue (46) P. Hoffman, f Kennedy, f .
Myers, f
8 4 2 1 4 0 1 3 23
6 1 0 0 3 3 0 2 14
FG FT PF TP 7 3 2 17 0 0 0 0 0 0 10
(See BLUEJACKETS, page 1)
Mechanical Engineeiing building. A now picture, “Design for Flying”, produced by the Douglass Aircraft Company will be shown. Added features are the story of a bombing raid “Mission Accomplished” and a cartooon. Refreshments will be served during the meeting. All servicemen are invited to attend and freshmen and sophomores are now eligible tor membership in the or-
ganization.
Chi Epsilon Pledges Richard Brudi
James Certell
Robert Kendall
.lames Shaw
nal c()mbustion engines and mechanical vibration. He has also been directing the work of advanced stu-
dents in graduate work.
Paper On Pipes ^ Professor Kemler, who graduated from the University of Kansas in 1927 as a mechanical engineer, received his Master’s degree from
the University of Pittsburgh in ‘ ' 1931, and a Doctoi’s in 1934. While Doors Opeu^!tt’'fp. in.
at Pittsburgh, he performed work Doors of the Music Hall will be
Afternoon Children’s Convo An afternoon conceit for the
young people of the community will be sponsored by the Lafayette Women’p _Symphony Unit in the
Music Hall at 2 p. m., Friday. Doors i i *>» of the Music Hall will open at 1:16 A, A. PottQt
p. m. Tickets may be purcha’sed at $.35 for school children and .$.55
for adults.
Mrs. Wairen J. Luzadder, unit chairman, states that all schools of
There are eight Associate Editors elected to the Editorial staff. The associates will hold the jobs of night editors, city editors, day editors and feature editors. Those elected are: Mario Pagliarulo, Pat
On Fiiday afternoon at 4, repie- Richardson, Jean Yargar, Marion sentatives from each discussion Donham, Mai'tha Lee Riggs, Peggy group will meet in the faculty ]y[inec, Nita Gan’ett and Margaret
Dean P. A. Potter, in a speech befoie a meeting of state high school piincipals Saturday at Indianapolis, emphasized the necessity of de-
lounge to coordinate the results of all previous meetings. They will i^^e this information to prepare a for-
mal report.
Mass Meeting Sunday The mass brotherhood meeting on
Baynes. On the Business Staff, Bob Sguerman was re-elected as circulation manager, and Norman Hime was made assistant business manager. Lee Smith and Bill Paisley were
Sunday evening at 8, which will be elected as Advertising Manager and sponsored by the Religious Council, Assistant Advertising Manager, rewill climax the week’s program. The spectively, and Jerry McConaha,
Tippecanoe county have been sent ''®loinng' students with piogram notes on which class woik' ^or technological
was based, augmented by weekly
scientific thre^e speakers aie: Dr. Fritz Bani-
radio broadcasts. The last in this scries will be Inoadcast over WBAA
at 5 p. m., Wednesday.
subjects.
He declaied that following the war there would be a great need for persons with such training. He advocated the substitution of former childien’s heroes, such as Washing-
Accounts Manager.
The new staff will take over their duties by the end of this week and officially at the end of the term. PI ay shop Tryouts
ton and Lincoln, for movie and r ieeman jenney, _ _ .^yill be held for “My Sister sports luminaries who have recently woild-wide tiaveler and minister of Eileen” Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in
which brought him national repu- open for Friday night’s concert at taken the spotlight. He also made Bryn Mawr Community church Fowler Hall. The tryouts will be talion. This was correlating the re- 7 p. m. Admission will be by student seveial recommendations concern- Chicago, who will present the for women only. A list of those parsuits of many experimenters on the passports, recreation caids, and sea- ing ^ubjects to be taught to those Pi etestant attitude. ticularly recommended for ^arts flow of fluids through pipes, dealing son tickets. Single admissions may students interested in engineering There will be no admission charge will be posted in Fowler Hall on wij;h all types of fluids and all types be purchased at $1.10 each, includ- which would be jg^aid to them in and all meetings are open to the Wedneseday. However, any other
(See ENGINEERS, page 4),^ ing tax, at the doors. later college work: i
berger, author, educator, and lesearcher, who will speak from the Jewish standpoint; the Very Rev. Edwaril V. Cardinal, C.S.V., pi-ofes-sor of histoiy at Loyola University, w'ho will present the Catholic view ; and Dr. Ray Freeman Jenney,
public.
persons interested will be welcome
.^,,1 -a'-] ^ '■M'•w
'ffsi i
Pursue E^oneni
Tuesday, February 1'^.
Exponent Gf^mbined with Purdue Independent
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor - )3iis>)icss MrmnKor,-. Nows Editor.. M.'inaftinis Editor ...,. Spoitfi Editor.
»,....EIlis Murphy Maty Dills VVilliam II. Tyson ....Carolyn Wilbur Uussell dl. Eipes, Jr.
Pubiicarlon Staff EnitoriarSlafr .Aapocioir Editors: .lack Abbott, ftuth M. Ford, Madelyn A. J. Kjcli;ini..,c.ii. .Vloiirurot V. aleUu.s. Jnim.: .■.■‘v'k'V.iia.o, r'l-i'iik tliyiii.p 'Maun, M:irl!in Lee Kigy.-.-.
.■\p3orfato tfporls Ed-'tor.s;, F. Ackormaii, I’.au! Garber, tViiii.'iio Carla r. Wariar. C. Wriglil, Porvitr Sva,*!: bioviu.s liai, r, Gr.bricl Elias, Leo Friodman, J.ork Mariirr, .l:;v Newman. Jerry Kootting, Bob Baker.
Business Staff idviTlifiiig Manofror: C. L. jasjsfaoi .Vdveriisins Managiir: B. tty Money, biriifiiiii.o :ii:ir,ag(‘r : R. G. SaiKirnian.
There'll Be Some Changes Made .
._ Staff Fo.r This Issue"
Vigil! Fditrr: I'ords Day Editor: Riks'? 'CiTy ii;iito; ; Ucnkpin Issue Editor: 'Vl'endell
Fpcrls Editor: V,'. Garber
Eoaorlcrs: Goci?., Gold. Lewis, V.anLiaw,.Garrett, George.CrisivL'ii. Baynes, Vi.rgcr, Streeter, Jameson, Lee, Rosen.
her.
Pliff Flio!;;,rr.T3)her: Marvin Pessca
Editor.; Tbe Pnidue Lidcpcndent. , .Lyle Crist
■ih.'
eond ela.t,: mauer at the post office In Lafayand’,r’ :iiv‘ aci ot Congress of March 3, .1879. eiai. r::’,-. Cif ixistage provided for in sectior.
!. .J i.b'tMijer lilll, a 11 tigirised January 20, . 192i. iNlK.i nil Tuesday. -riuir..:fl.ay and Saturday morninizs duribe v'.'iir e.'icejit eertain,vacation iieriods. Delivered daily cari b 1 for i-I-i.’, for a .SLine.il.ir; by mail for $1.60 for a . ■11. Siilec: ii.iinii- may be obtained at the Exponent
r,; ijj ai .i.ln . W. St De.sk of the Union.
. :r..rrt 0 f. ■' •.ai,inb:.T''adveri"ising by'National A'dvertis1... in .nli-.i-e j'ublisher.s Kepresentativea, 420
I. V k:.-s 'Vnik N., Y.
■ S V
s':? w sr"
' S P4I Of<
Armii
\ V (c.^ ls$.
f;7 1*^1
ASHINGTON-
0
^ "f- /i.'- ^ t'* 1' '» OP, gw PEARSDf'J
Sosia
Today, with unbroken routine; the Purdue Exponent changes its staffi. The change comes customarily every two semesters, although wartime conditions have quite often led to slight variations. We, the old staff, leave to the new one a good foundation to build upon. . And we feel that the new staff, which we have chosen, is the one which will bring the Exponent to a more respected position in the eyes of the campus habitue. The persons elected to replace the did Staff are ambitious; they all have ideas which they have gleaned from two or thhee years of college life. They are hard Workers ; otherwise they would have been left by the wayside by the electoral board. So we of the now former Expdrieht staff leave to the new ones a large task and an important heritage—a large task because running a college paper is a difficult job invoking the control of some seventy-five to one hundred per,sons and taking the responsibility for their actions. We leave an important heritage because any editor is the perpetuator of the heritage of the rights of ^freedom of the press and freedom of speech, two things responsible for the chaos of the present day. We leave an important heritage because the people who rise to the heights of senior positions are invariably the leaders of the campus. We leave to you seniors the opportunity to lead the students toward'a better University known for cooperatioii, integrity and understanding or toward one of just the opposite where cheating breeds dishonesty
Momentarijy the allies seem to .have g^tined the adt^,;Si^|;^ge in the Anzio bridgehead south of Rome. The task of lj6jld|ng th.e initiative, however, is still before the allied fighters; and the success or failure of holding forth at this small pinpoint of allied resistance might mean a much sooner collapse, of' li^azi resistance in and around Rome. , ; „ ,, —', , .
The Nazis have made it clear of strong kn(},„ sea an.d air !f.|)|ses
that they' ini;^hd to . fight fw
Rome. pe .historical and re- look into the SbiiPf’s ligioqs signipance of the city and find out jUst what .He is has been forgotten by the Ger- thinking about his .switch haii^nd
mans, who ,,ar,e: Jpp.kirig after their the holfi that he might ha.ve'byir a befpre“they look after man new to the wonderpus .,;^M|fcs
p.wn intei’ests
the ihte.res.t.s of art and history. The of Washington. Germans realize that they might , . .
be able to hold put .in Itome f pr many
like MacAytHuiV X— . -.A; : ■
If nothing else in the worlAWas
mpntbs and with this in ..mind.,tlipy a' ^ ,v tt -k G
iV.l- :.L unimowh ^oing .well Apy Jo
h’aYe fprtifiedthe.city tp an xc- •■■ki '- Lu depth. The only hitch in their plans ^ho Russians would cause the Wprld ■ when allies landed at An- ^nuggle t Jppk rosy., InipiJJe
!ame wnen xne aaies iuuaea at/III- - ^ ^
no; and With quick decisive action Gormans do not seem to be abjfe to
;he allies, might He ablgtp rmdo a A tHing^ .the , ... - ' .IG ’ • xranr»»c /lYPAnT. T*f»t7’par. TllVtllGl’; allCl
^r^t deal of the Gevmm^rdpav^.
lion for the defense of Jome pore kpe jaway fr(j J it can be ebanged to meet the Anzio a.,8Tea eg -.Aa- ■.
• . V many proper. ..Every day the;.«bp-
‘That new employee is fitting into the job nicelylike one of the girls already!”
threat. :. . American and British troops must move fast, for every day the .Nazis are able to stall off ad,vances.by the
he’s just sillies they are giving their engi-
neers the chance to alter the Rome
Personnel Notes
and discontent, and politics brings about an g^ciated Amer
Exhibited throughout the Applied Design building are numerous etchings and lithographs by leading
Americsin artists, sponsored by As- q g
AirmeiN s tu
Bs’r Tx..'
-The extent to which Army wives
inttiiGnce promotions, dictate military expediency and
indifferent attitude and poor leadership.
ican Artists, New
poses of the Apzio attack was to save Rome from destruction, the purpose seems to have gone astray,
— - -——^ for even a partial upsetting, of the Companies scheduled to visit the jvfjjgis’plans will not stop them from campus: fighting for the city with a fierceBoeing Aircraft Company, Seat- ness that will come close to some tie. Wash.—Date of Visit,. Friday, of the city defenses in Russia. l8. Interested in M.E., E.E., Should the Gei'mans fight for the Sign in the Personnel Eternal City, the world might as
sians report, advances all alphig ijjeir two thousand mile front, and.,the Germans have got SQ they annovirice the disastrous retreat of their troops without the slightest delay and sometimes they even surpass," the
defense strategy. If one of the,pur- bulletins in speed, for they
are attempting to get their people keyed up to the danger of the.,4;Wift advance of the Red legions. 'Phere is great danger for the Gernian people, but few feel sorry for the plight they have placed themselves in.
York. The pictures will be on the
Office by Thursday, Feb. 17.
We of the old staff feel that a wise choice campus about a week, according to These companies are not sched-
domhinte ihe Army always has been a matter of warm
ileVate at Army posts. ■
i'.isidG '.he W'ar Department, there are two .schools Ox'thought. One admit.s there is a certain amount of petuooat induence; 'ihe oilier maintains that the Army is a man's Arm^y and that ivomen have absolutely
nofning to do with it. .
Those o'f the former school point to the fact that General. .John Pershing, vvlien only -a captain^ married ihe-daiigh er of Gsna'.or Frahcis'VVarren, of Wyoming, then ciiairman o.l tlie Senate. Military Affairs .Com-' miitee, after v.lrjch. Pershing was jumped in rank and b.ecarne a Brigadier General. Then,, -whc^i Woodrov; Wil.' on facc'd .Senate controversy" over who should, head an American Expeditiona.ry .Force to France, with me.ny Senators demaiHlin.g Tedily Roosevelt, Wilson selected Senator Warren’s son-in-law and thus quashed Senate coniro've.rsy. ' . - The petticoat school 'also point.s to the fact that General Douglas. MacArihur fir.st married the beautiful daughter of Edward T. Stotesbury, a ,1. P. Morgan pprtner. vrhoereouested Secretary of War Weeks to advance Blac.Arthur to the rank of major general when most ox iiis West Point classmate.s. were .still '
majors and. colonels.. •
-Another exa-rnple is Mr.s. George Patton, Jr,, wife of .the .pistol-packin’ general. Her coolness, poise and cha.rm helped her. hot-tempered husband put of a good many .peacetime scrapes long before his unfortunate encounter with a .sick soldier in Sicily. In the other school arc those who poinbto a host of hif.'.h-ra’ilnng generals who.se wives had no political injiaei'ice on their careers. General Marshall’s first wife aspired to be an opera singer, was sick for a long time, finally died. General Ei.senhowbr’s wife is an ima.s:iUir:ing- lady who has kept in the background. Gencraf Somervell, until, recently, was a wddower.
has been made. We hope that the constant Prof. Schantz-Hansen, head of the Exponent readers will agree with us in our Design Department,
choice. The people chosen are Exponeht work-
uled to visit the campus; however,
well plan to have it completely rebuilt after the war, for the allies Will fire on any place that happens to hold Nazi super soldiers and
Days Of Combai Service
The pictures, originals signed by their artists, include contributions
ers from years back. Jim Richardson, the new such as “My Bonnie” by Margery Editor, has been on the paper since ’41, Ruth Ryerson, “Johnny” by Douglas Ford, the News Editor, has also been working Gorsline, “The Seine Boaf’.by Gorsince ’41; the Feature Editor, Katy Howes, don Grant, “Noon” by Georges aikl the Managing Editor, Peg Steffes, have ^Classic Pastures” by , \ ■ . . , . , Lingi Lucioni, “The Swimming been working since early m ’42, as have Co- Hole” by Charles WiNon, and many,
sports Editor Jim Ackerman, and the new others,
business executive, Evelyn Blemker. Brings Art To Smaller Cities A word here about the new associate editors Purpose of the Associated Art
they are interested in students for Romo will not be considered an exemployment: ception. -
General Electric X-Ray Corp., Detroit, Mich.—Interested in E.E. (draft-exempt). If interested, sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, Feb. 16. Electric Controller & Mfg. Co., Cleveland, Ohio-Interested in E.E. Please sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, Feb. 16. Taylor Instrument Companies,
—X—.
General H; H. Arnold, head of the Army Air Force, has recently disclosed that in one U. S. ■war zone the average life span of a Flying Fortress is 231 days.
Senator Arthur Vandenberg, Republican from Michigan, has come out of his isolationist cloak and has started waving the flag of General MacArthiir .for president. If the past has proved that there are' too many risks in having a soldier as the leader of this nation, then the present is not the time for such
element that confined the accessibility of art to a few metropolitan
is probably not out of place. The associate editors are the. ones who follow orders and do
as the seniors wish. Their jobs become ob- centers. Now the traveling exhibit, sessions as well as habits with them, and it is consisting of several of the artists’ their hard Work under the guidance of the bestwork,can beseenby manyper-
senior staff that makes the Exponent one of the top ranking college paper it has always
ists is to eliminate the geographical Pochestei, N. Y. Interested in M.E., Hsk. But this is not the point that
These originals Can be purchased
. . at a reasonable price because the
been. The new associate editors look forward Association set a fixed purchase fee to the heritages and responsibilities of the covering any pictures belonging to seniors. the Association. Students can buy
Physicists and. Physical Chemists. Sign in the Personnel Office : by
Thursday, Feb. 17.
Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Terre Haute, Ind.—Interested iii Ch.E. and M.E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Thursday, Feb. 17.
social fraternity, announces
is being raised here. Senator Vandenberg has . been made famdus through his refusal to see the course of world events and help arm, the United States when the present world striigle was in the offing. Now he seems to .have completely reversed himself as only Congressmen can and come out in favor of MacArthur, who it is presumed if elected would demand an active par-
Congratuiations to all and the best of .sue- the etchings and lithographs from the election of the following officers: Jicipation of the United States in
ce.ss in your new endeavors.
the Association, and can get the President, R, S. Vickers; vice presiaddress from the Applied Design dent, W. H. Glover; treasurer, J. L.
world affairs and the maintenance
office.
vvvirtiing" T@ Fliers' .' New, howevor, eomc.s a new argufier in this coiitrovexKv. General “Hap” Arnold, chief of the Army Air • ForeS7^KaiG iKicii'''jiu't^ 's'q'ua'rtilj'''blV'''re'C'0'rd'''by''^^ .Airj-e',: L. Jcivclt, commarider of the Air Forces Teehnkai Ecliooi at Gulfport, Miss., as recognizing that wives inSaence an ofiicerk pro'motion. Cclunel Jewett hirnseif doesn’t make any bones about it. He says thai an Air Force officer’s “efficiency reparL” is affe'eted by “activities by hi.s ivife.” 'I’lie “activities”'in this case refers to joining Ihe Gulfport Field 'Women’;; Cluijf Colonel Jewett last month sent oat a circiiiar letter to all oiiicera under him, virtually ordering their wive.s to join the club. I!e even ivent .so far a.s to warn (hat, “in (lie event that any. cfiicer.s' wive:; do not ivi.sh to I)cdong,“'it is desired that their iiasbands so state in a letter to tlie comrr.andin;' officer, such letter to be submitted prior to the otli of tiio month following the date the officer re;;orted to the .station for duty.’’ And then, apparentli- afraid that his subordinates might not taicc the Idnt in tlie none-too-subtle warning, Coionc! Jev.-ett laid it right on tlie line by invoking the authoritj' of General Arnold. “Active participation in The work of the Women’.s Clpb IK a matter in which liigher authoiiity, including Hu Ciiief ol' Hie Air J’orces, is vitally interested,” warned Coi. Jewett hluntij. “And every officer in the Air Forces may expect to find hi.s efficiency record affeeted by the manner of parlicipation in these activities by his wife.”. .T.i iiiere it is in black and white. Apparently, acccrdi.'ig.fo (he (lefticoat sclioolof (be Army, bravery aroui'id tile tea (able as '.veil a.s bravery on (he battle-
field influences proiviotiinw
Pset Beftveers Low Count'ries
Dn.:.-’heuh.hy .'-ign I'd!- liost-war'cooperation i.s an agi'cement iieing licgotiated 'bac'kstage lietween tlie •rniall countries of Western Europe. It i.s a customs union between lioilaijfl, Belgium and Luxemboui'g, to bet’C.hie effective irninedialely after the war. Difdomavf; of Huvse eoUniiies in Ijoiidon and Wasliinglon are working out a deal whereby these small iwigiiboring countries wouli J'educe all tariff walls. Gn Hie .surface,, this may *rreern just plain common sense, which it is, iait in terms of pre-war European jiolitic.s, it is .scmiational. ' IftlttGi' forced Austi-ia into an An.sehliis.s with Ger-.
many before the war and, from a purely economic point of view, it worked. For years, the smaller countries of Europe faced hazardous economic and political . problems as separago entitie.s. If they were linked to- MamlsaP'r gether in a sort.of United .States, of Europe, a lot of rraCIISiy plSSilOvrS European bickering would be eliminated. ' ^ The new Low Countries pact will be wholly frieii% DjgLiS-,L lift.., to both England and Russia, will get military suppoH B MUSi^si isvW from.themandprobablyalsofromFran.ee. ^ "a. I #^1. ££ Mechanical and Aeronautical En^SpirSi 'x giiieering Schools can boast of five AMG (Allied Military Government) is facing a new books publi.shed during 194.” by tough problem regarding 300,OO'O tons of orahge.s anti members of their staffs. lemons VaitingU,!):.be. picked. in .SiciJy Tliese books now being .used .for. and .southern Italy. Ihe frij is ripe, but men can’t engineering in.struction and de.sign be spared from the front t()\pick it. Meanwhile, we work are as follows; “Analysis and arc forced to ship a certain aijunt of dried citrus to Ijlbsign of Airplane Structures” by Italy. . . . After the announcement that each of six- E. F. Bruhn, professor of aeronauteen Soviet republics would run its own foreign affairs. Heal engineering; A. S. Hall’s “KinAiexaiider Kirkland, of the Philadelphia Inquirer, ematics Problom.s, 100 Series”; “Eiposted in the State Department press room a list of ements of Mechanical Vibration”, Secretary Hull’s appointments for the day. Beginning, written in collaboration by E. N. with such names as Korokilov and Marshevsky, the'-Neinlor, professor of mechanical enSecretary of State was receiving SovieLambassadors ^ineering, and C. R. Froberg, assoevery quarter hour for four hours. . . . “'riie Shortest cijate professoi’; “Fluid Mechanics” Route to Japan” i.s the slogan of the Korean Affairs by R. C. Binder, a.ssociate professor Institute, which has just opened offices in Washing- of mechanical engineering; and the ton. It is urging use of Korean bases only six hundred seventh edition of “Airplane Demiles from Tokyo.... American Zionists point out that sign,” edited by K, D- Wood, iirofe.vPalcstine has contributed more to the war effort than spr of aeronautical engineering, any other country in the Near East, including the
manufacture of land miles.
Cleatiieness Next To Godliness Take it from Lt. Col. Jimmy Roosevelt, the President’s .son, the first thing a fighting man thinks about
aftei' a hard battle is a bath. Jiniinj^, xvho distin- Student Health Service announces guished liim.self with the Marines in the South Pacific, tliat on February 2 Maxine Lamb was-recently telling friends about .some of his war entered WRH infirmary, and Joseph exjjcrience.s. Litowieh entered Home Hospitiil. On Wo had a pretty tough time'of it on Guadalcanal, the same day, Jennie Barnett, Vii'as everybody knows,” Jimmy related. “After one of ..ginia Feller and Jean Hardy were tlie first liai'd battles wa.s over, some of us were taken discharged from the WRH infirmaboard a Navy ship. Tim first thing they, ott’ered us ary and Kenneth Honold was rewas a square meal. But xve weren’t hungry. We had leased from St. Elizabethts Hos-
inanaged very well on our K rations. 'What we all pital.
wanted was, a bath. But"! guess the soap and water Betty Whiteliall entered St. Eliz•sharpened up our appetites, for we just about cleaned abeth’s on February 3 and Donald
out tlie .shi])’.s larder afterwards.”
Shelton ; corresponding secretary, A. F. Knotts; recording secretary, W. H. Wilson; steward, J. E. Beehler.
A seminar in speech pathology designed for in.^service teachers is being organized at Wayne University, according to A. W. Bilto, acting director of the speech clinic, who sta.ted that major emphasis in the course will be laid upon the soldiers injured in the war.
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
TODAY and TOMORROW
Ti IE SEASON'S
COMEDY!
7/COMED
’ . ufcFi : ; . Louise Allbritton Robert Paige Diana Barrymore Waiter Abel
— PLUS-r IT’S A RHYTHM RACKltl
make Miller'S your MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
DON
— and — ...".RKBi.' .B,A.R.RY„
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
CO.
.514 Main
Lafayette
Phone 7917
MAN'S GULCH' — ALSO — DEAD END KIDS
G-MEN OF THE AIR"
— PLUS — POPEYE CARTOON
TODAY and TOMORROW
EncBantm^
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., FE3. 16, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS., FEB. 17, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES open BEGINNERfS WED., FEB. 16, 6:15 P. M. ADVANCED THURS., FEB. 17, 6:15 P. M. P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR PHONE 2150 ALLEN^S
Loive Sf0y f
gor r. Walker
. . . lormer pi'oJe.ssor of agronomy who is now on leave of ab.sence, pas been transferred fron'i Memphis, Alther Tenn., to Camp Ellis, 111. He. has been assigned to the
Schell was released the same day. Also on February ,3 Robert Delaplane entered Home Hospital. Norton Davis entered Home Hospital February 9. Hospital releases on that day were Russell B'lcCormick, from St. Elizabetli’s, and Jack:
from Hdine Hospital.
GREER GARSdH WALTER PIDGEOH bi Mrs^ Miniver together again in MADAME GDRIE
Directed by MERVYN LgIlOY Produced by SIDNEY
training divi;doii,
scdiool.s.
po.st headquartei'H, a.s director of
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
TODAY and TOMORROW
AMETRO-qOLDWYN^MAYER PfCTURB cj-z/A 4» cast. Henry Robert Walker, Dame May %hiUYy mi Basseirinan, Van Tohnson, Alqprc Basserman, G. Aubrey SmicH, V|<^x Prahcen.Reginal40wen,M^Mn O’Brien. Screen PUy Dyjriuj Osborn and Paul H. Rameau, paled on the book. "Madame Curie” by Eye C^rie.
AN lU.Q.jlll TRIUtHl
Mi
'V;-• 4
' ' fa*
IS, imi - ' '.
MoihtmAteet Sports
mmrn
oilermaker Thiiilits Los^ Tb Northwestern 48*4^
atmen Take Northwestern
|/resf/ers Look Toward Coming
ig Ten Mat Tournament
defeating Northwestern 18 to 14 last Saturday at Chi^go, the Boilermaker wrestling team completed its dual camj^igh with a record of four wins against two defeats, losing .^ly to Michigan and Ohio State. The only other activity re^aiping is the coming conference meet next Saturday.
-^f,The victory margin in Saturday’s meet was gained through meet at Northwestern, Coach Dick
^e efforts of Art Aeme, Dave ^iles, and Jack Shepard, and
Rivefer Swimmers Down mini Team 51-33 In Last Meet In the last competitive meet of the season before the conference
Meet
The Team
By Ed Lee
Meet Steve Frazier,’ hard-driving Kansan who is now here at school • under the Marine training pi’ogram. Steve has been around all season, but it is only in the last few games
Boilermaker Five ^’’opped Baton In Last Again Tops Big Ten Evont Causes Defeat
As Hawkeyes Lose
Although idle in conference play over the week end, the Boilermak-
128 lb.—Jeffries (N) beat. Sten-
Torfeit on the part of North- (P), 8 to 3
Western to Dan Nettesheim in
Papenguth’s swimmers downed the mini tankmen 51-33. By taking seven of the ten events in the meet the
me 136 pound division. The mree mainstays—Aerne, Shepard, ^d Wiles—found the opposition ^tremely easy in compiling the ^OTjlermakers victories for the aflf^ '^moon’s work. Aerne hung up his „:^iirth verdict of* the campaign f len he made quick work of Eikli, ^ Jldcat 145 pounder, in a 2:10 min,ij,ie first period win. Shepard
lagged his fifth pin in six starts by Wilson (P), 7 to 3.
'throwing Palmer, Northwestern poun4 candidate. In the other ]|^ilermaker win, the smooth working Wiles fashioned out a neat 4 to ^ decision in the 175 pound bracket.
J^e Hirsch To Return
.With the conference meet, the fi-
Northwestern forfeited team tiumed in their most
decisive win of the season.
136 lb.
to Nettesheim (P). 145 lb.—Aerne (P) threw Rikli (N), 2:10 of first period. 155 lb.—Holmes (N) beat Porter
(P), 13 to 9.
Sammons Makes Good Showing The mini swimmers took the medley relay while the Riveter quartet won the 400 yard relay. In the 400
^ yard relay Sammons made a mar165 lb .-Shepard (P) threw ^
yard deficit to win for the Riveters by a three yard margin. Hansel turned in good times in the 220 and 440 yard events to second and first place respectively, while Porter rotated with him, taTting first and second places in the two respective
events.
In the breast stroke, an Illinois swimmer took first place followed by Hunnington and Hugh Wolverton. Ted Sammons, who did well in
Palmer (N), 2:06 of thii’d period. 175 lb.—Wiles (P) beat Jagels
(N), 4 to 2.
Heavyweight—Eggers (N) beat
RECENT SNOWFALLS HERE EXCEED LAST YEAR'S TOTAL
More snow had fallen in the vicinity of the University from Thurs-
4AI engagement of the season, com- ^ay noon to Friday noon than in the I’^lay, took first in the 100 yard iilg up next Saturday; Coach Reeck'previous winter. From ap- dash apd third in the fifty yard dash.
Gorby took a close second in the 100 yard dash. Barnard won first place in the breast stroke event, while
Lair took third.
Bower Shows Improvement Paul Bower, Riveter freshman
diver, showed much improvement as
he took first place in the fancy div
previous winter. From ap-
pas announced that Joe Hirsch, un- proximately 1:45 p. m. Thursday defeated 176 poundex’, will be eligi- until 7 a. m., 6.8 inches was officialble aftei almost a month s idleness, jy measured by Paul Lehman, Other men that should make strong weather observer at the University, bids are Nettesheim, Aerne, Shep- This^ is compared with a total of atd, and Bob Roberts, 156 pounder. 4 26 inches for Novembei’, Decem-
Reeck believes that it will be Mich-
Coach Hermon Phillips’ indoor track squad journeyed to€hicago last Saturday afternoon to resume its competition with Northwestern and Chicago. However, the Riveter track i|;^rs were unable to resume their winning ways, and when the fihal
ers basketball five again moved into event ended, Northwestern had a total of 48 points, which
undisputed possession of first place, as the Ohio State quintet obligingly beat the Iowa Hawkeyes twice to knock that team into a fourth place
tie with Wisconsin.
In scoring the 63-49 win over Iowa ‘Fi'iday, the Buckeyes held Dick Ives, single game I’ecoi’d-hold-
was six more than the Riveters had chalked up. Wisconsin,
' '1 I an added starter, gathered 33
points to take third while Chicago rejgistered only 5 points
to finish last.
In the opening event of the meet, Mark Brownstein scored
IM Schedules
Fraternity Basketball Play-Off
Tuesday, Febrpary 15th
Kappa Sigma was high, winning 14 and losing none. Phi Delta Theta
er to thirteen points; while Dave entering play late, won 11 and lost -^^rjsconsin’s lone first place as‘he Danner was getting 20. Lead by none. The next foui-teams all won ggp^ured the 60 yard dash in 6.4 Don Grate, who scored 22 points, three. They were Sigma gggg^ds Sigars representing the the Buckeyes rallied, after being P^i Epsilon, Delta Upsilon, Sigma JXtakefteL Ts
behind three points at the half, to <^^1 and Triangle. The games will overrun the high-flying Hawkeyes played on Tuesday night, Febin the latter part of the game. In nuary 15th. ,
the second game they repeated the Court 1—
act, winning 66-42. 7 ^20—Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Tau
Northwestern 42, Illinois 29 Delta.
7:36—Sigma
At Champaign, Northwestern oigma kept its hand in trim for the cham- Sigma, pionship struggle by beating the II- Court 2-
Chi
Kappa
STEPHEN FRAZIER Purdue Center
igan all the way in next Saturday’s lAeet. He stated, “Michigan will win ehsily, but it will be a hard fight between Ohio State and the Boilermakers for the runner up position.” In a recent dual meet ■\<fith the Buckeyes, the Riveters dropped a close 16 to 14 verdict. The Riveters
ber and January of last year. Dr. E. C. Young . . . dean of the graduate school,
professor of agricultural economics, will speak Monday at the University agricultural staff luncheon in the basement of the First Method-
linois five to the tune of 52-29. Otto Graham, playing his last game be*fore going to Colgate for his V-5 training, added 8 points to bring his total to 64 points for the season. Wisconsin Wins Two, 62-43, 52-31 Wisconsin managed to stay within sight of the top by handing Indiana her eighth and ninth straight losses of the season, beating them 62 to 43, and then coming back the next night with a 52 to 31 trouncing. Patterson and Smith teamed up m these games to provide most of the Badger scoring power. This week end v^ill see seven games played with all five of the contenders for first place seeing ac-
7:20—Triangle vs Phi Delta
- - Theta.
7:35—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Del-
ta Upsilon.
Ward Basketball Play-Off Tuesday, February 15th
Court 3—
7:20—Doverettes vs Rockets. 7:35—Owen vs Marstellar
Ma-
roons.
Court 4— 7:20—Rochdale vs Luma. 7:36—Warnock Manor vs Circle Pines.
since he has taken over the center
ing event. He did an excellent job Position that hfr‘'has really proved tion at least once, for he had been sick and off the meiits. Boilermakers Face Tqugh Schedule board for a full week. Like most midwestern boys he The toughest schedule will be for When the last splashing of water has been playing basketball practi- the Boilermakers. On Friday night, had died away the Boileimakers had cally since the time he was able to they will travel to Iowa City to meet
turned in the impressive record of walk. In high school he played four the Hawkeyes, who are hoping for tune, Sadie Hawkins, and a variety the top spot seven first places, four second years of varsity basketball and was a win after their recent defeat at of other booths will be operated by Northwestern
Coeds To Operate Booths, Offer Dancing, At Penny Carnival Saturday Night
Penny Toss, the Wheel of For-
while Ben Harvey, Boilermaker veteran who placed first in this event last week, was third. Rue of North-
western was fourth. Ericcson Takes Mile
Eddy Ericcson, who along with
Bill Biele scored nine points to lead the Boilermaker’s in scoring, won the mile run for the second week in a row. Ericcson’s time was 4:29.3, one minute slower than last week’s winning time. Two Badger runners, Vicklund and Pingel, finished secand and third respectively while
Smith of Northwestern was last. The Riveters failed to place in the
60 yard high hurdle as Findlayson, winner of that event last week and one of the key men in the Riveter victoiy, was unable to compete. He was declared ineligible due to scholastic difficulties and did not make the trip. The Wildcats monopolized the high hurdles as they captured the first three positions. Cooley, Warfiled, and DeYoung finished
in that order for Northwesteim. Cooley |Ieads Northwestern Cooley who was the Wildcat’s
leading scorer, also took first place in ^he low hurdles and tied with Eturdevant of the Riveter squad for
in the high jump, followed the same
at the time were not at full <strpncrHi basement 01 the first Method- piavco, xuLiL ocxuiiu ...... ...... win tiieii leceiit uexeai, at 01 otiiei ooouis win oe opeiatea oy iNoiinwesiein louowea ine same , , , ■ X XX . V, ■ Church. His subject will be “The Pl^^es, and three men in the low voted all-state center in his senior the hands of Ohio State. On the fol- co-eds at the Penny Carnival in the pattern as in the high as Cooley,
to Stand up against the tough going h?lnded out by the powerful Ohio
State team.
>The summary: ^'121 lb.—Nethercott (N) threw Liang (P), 2:20 of second peiiod.
Outlook War”.
for Farming After the bracket.
Buy War Bonds
LUNCH IN THE CAFETERIA • QUALITY food prepared especially to tempt you on cold winter days. • VARIETY of food so that you may enjoy an everchanging parade of you^ayorite dishes. • ECONOMY — Food prepared in sanitary kitchens and served at a cost that will fit your pocketbook. / • NUTRITIOUS food planned to meet the needs of the student.
JhjL fijUUvdjUJL WsmiJ^doL lAiumu The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Thursday Screen Review Will Feature 'Nountain
In Technicolor
year. Also in high school he won lowing night they move to Madison Women’s Gym, Saturday, 7:30 to Cullen, and Warfield finislied in the three letters in baseball and one in to engage the Badgers. In order to 11 p. m. according to Betty Gal- first three places. Steider was
track. After this he ,went to South- stay on top, the Riveters must win breath, who is in charge of booths, fourth for the Riveters,
western College, in Kansas, where both of these important games. The carnival is open to the' public. Bill Biele, Riveter star who is a he played for two and a half years The Crimson and Gray will be out General admission will be five transfer from Illinois via the V-12, on the varsity te.i,m. While on the to keep up their recent winning cents, and any number of tickets Lalf mile run again and ^ T « . « team they won the Central Kansas streak when they meet the Illini at be purchased at the door for took second in the quarter mile.
Figntsrs' In TBChukolOr conference championship. Champaign on Friday and Saturday ^ penny. These will be accepted in Biele’s time for the half mile was
At Southwestern Steve was ma- nights. Illinois will be trying to ex- t^ade at the booths. Refreshments 2:t)1.4. Altpeter, Northwestern’s
Seven short subjects, inclq^mg a joring in chemistry but at the pres- tend their recent victory over De- in the form of apples, doughnuts, orack quarter miler, took that event
two-reel technicolor on “Mountain gnt time he is majoring in metal- Paul, a non-conference foe, into a orange juice, and cokes will be 1:51.1. Fighters” will make up the program lurgy. He enlisted in March of 1941 winning streak. available during the evening, for the regular Screen Review in the but was not put into uniform until Saturday Northwestern moves up bouse, and Hall of Music on Thursday aftei- this last July when he was sent to to Ann Arbor to meet the unpre- ^.ggi^jence hall will set up a booth
this University to finish school. This clictable Michigan quintet. This will ^ ^^.jl be awarded to the
is his last semester here, after tie the first time that the Cats will
have to start minus the services of
high scoring Otto Graham.
noon fiom 3 to 6 p. m.
The program includes a sports review, “Champions Carry On”; another of the “Passing Parade” series, “Trifles That Win Wars”; the regular news reel; a popular science review, and a technicolor cartoon, “Hiss and Make U]j*’ of the “Merry
Melodies” senes.
Buy War Bonds
which he will bo sent on active duty. He hopes to stay in the Marine
Corps after the War.
Having no hobbies we can only Delta Tau Delta
assume that women a,nd poker games are enough to use up his spare time and cash. All in all Steve IS going to be missed when he leaves
best of the group. Part of the attraction will be a water ballet and comic numbers by Triton Club, and tap dancing and tumbling in the gym. Part of the gym will be opened
for ballroom dancing.
Penny Carnival is an annual af-
fair sponsored by
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of James Browne, Dale Cue, Jack Connor, Louis Kollar, Ed-
in Maich for he is one of the most ward Easley, Jack Wilhelm, Donald beld last year, due to the lack consistent men on the team. Weber and Byron Evans. of tj^g and upset schedules, but ^ ' popular demand this year has re-
sumed the custom, stated Lois Ver-
Hoeven, president.
Clayton Bromely, a naval ensign studying at Chicago, scored the Maroon’s lone points as he captured the pole vault. Bromely, a former Dennison star who averages about 13 feet, cleared the bars at 11 feet
to win.
Riveters Fumble Chance The Riveters had a chance to win the meet in the one mile relay, the last event of the program. They were one point behind the leading
Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fmternity, announces the initiation of Clifford H. Springer, Ft. Wayne; Ponald Francis, Arcadia; Paul R. Johnson, Ft. Wayne; William S. Steffins, Akron, Ohio.
HE CAN TAKE IT Get Fete to cliecli your matter tlie weatlier.
BUT CAN YOUR CAR? so it will keep going no
bi^y
PETER ANDKSON Corner of Sixth and Alabama^*^
CO.
Phone 4048
. , ,, . , . Wildcats as they started this event with the assistance of WAA. It was , • - -x x xu t /
and a win m it meant the meet. ' However, Rudy Dettwyler, Riveter veteran, dropped the baton , accidentally in the final leg and the Riv-
eters failed to finish.
The summary:
50 Yard Dash—Won ’by Brownsjtein, Wibconbin , Sigars, Wisconsin, second: Harvey, Purdue, third, Rue. Northwestern, fourth.
Time, *06.4
One IVIxle Rua—Won by ErteC§pn, Purdue; Vicklund. Wisconsin, third; Smith, Nootthwestern, fourth. Time. 4 ;29 3. ‘ 60 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Cooley, Noi thwestern , Warfield, Northwestern, second , DeYoung, Wisconsin, third; Brown, Wisconsin fourth. Time. :09 1 440 Yard Run -Won by Altpeter, Northwtstern Biele, Purdue, second, Kennedy. Purdue, third, Duquemin, Wisconsin, fourth.
Time, :5l 1
Two Mile Run— Won by Webster, Wisconsin , Ericcson Purdue, second; Vicklund, Wisconsin, thud , Peterson, Piu’due, fourth.
Time 9:59 9
bbO Yard Run—Won by Biele, Purdue; Hajnes, Puxdue, second, Cushman, North-wo'-tein, thud, Kennedy, PurdUe, fourth. Time, 2 01 I. s Pole Vault—Won by Bromley, Chicago: White ami Monical, Puidue, tied for second; Coder Wisconsin, fourth Height, 11 feet. High Jump- Cooley, Northwestern, ahd Stuidevant, Puidue, tied for first, DeYoung, Wisconsin, third , Wetzel, Wiscobsin, fourth. Height, ) feet 11 inches. Shot Put—Won by Johnson, Northwesttin , Klaus Purdue, second . Kroeger. NorthNvestem, third, Suciu, Puidue, fourth. Distance, 45 tcet 11 inches Broad Jump—Won by Rue, Northwestern ; SUelding. Wisconsin, second. Brownstein, Wisconsin, third, Crilly, Wisconsin, fourth. Distance, 20 teet 5 inches ^ One Mile Relay—Won by Northwestern (Faigo Cooley. Altepeter, Franck) ; Wisconsin, second Time, .3*29 I
4 MONTH INTENSIVE
Secretarial Course for
COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES
A thorough, intensive, secretarial course — starting February, July, f*. October. Registration now open
' Regular day and evening school throughout the year. Catalog. ^
A SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
PREFERRED BY COUEGE MEN AND WOMEN THE GREGG COLLEGE President, John Robert Gregg, S.C.D.
Director Paul M Pair M.A
6 N Michigan Ava. faiephone. STAte 1881 Chicago, IH
YOU CAN’T LOSE
YOU CARRY TRAVELERS CHEQUES! That’s right! Because if your American Evpress Travelers Cheques are lost, stolen, o^^Uestroved uncountersigned, American Express will promptly refugd your loss. These Cheques are handy to carry, the size of a dollar bill and* are readily spendable anywhere. American Express Iraseleis Cheques are issued in denominations of §10, §20, §50 and §100. 1 he cost is % of 1% C'Sjf on each $100 purchased), mttumum I Oc For ^^ale at Banks, and RatLw ay Expi ess offices. AMERICAN EXPRESS .TRAVELERS CHEQUES,^4
1^'
'I
Army, Navy, Marine News
Tuesday, February l^i 19^^
)
itponent To Hold Service Men Callout Today
hper Offers AST, V-J2 Men ^imrtunities For Writing
rj
l^is evening, the Exponent is holding a call-out for all serviedftien on campus. All those, who are interested in writing for a newspaper, should come down to the Exponent offices in the sub^basement of the Union Building at 6:30 p m tt the service page of the Exponent is to continue, servicemen must come down and write the material "for their own pa^e. Due to the recent ASTP graduation many of the writ- i , f ■ era have left campus, and un- L|, jOHUdrS L6dV6S
less these men are replaced the
page will be discontmued. Qanipus Foc Training
AH is not work down in the ofhee of the Exponent. Here !S a.chance for service men to bioaden theh social interests by woiking side by side with the best looking women on the campus At the present time the staff is made up almost entirely by coeds So foi those who have been asking foi the oppoitunity to meet some campus cuties,
here is the chance
Since the majoi ity of the students on campus are in the sei vices, the service page is a veiy important part of the paper Right now, civilians are doing their best to write some of the stones that go on the page but they can’t possibly be expected to obtain all the news concerning the diffeient seivice tiaining programs that only service men
would know about
7his IS an oppoi tunitv to obtain Dr. Otto EisenchimI
practical experience in wilting of all types Service pien can wi ite col umns, feature mateiial, and straight news stories No pievious experience is necessary for woikeis on Exponent. This is a chance to leam how to write for a papei, besides being a good lecieational ac tiVity in which to pai ticipate in the spaie time between 4 p m and chow
time.
Concluding almost two yeais of seivice with the naval tiaming units on campus, Lieut, (jg) Lee Someis left the University base I^iiday afternoon foi fuithei training at Little Cieek, Viigima His duties as lecieational officei have been assumed by Ensign J Millaid Lieut Someis has been on duty heie since the summei of 1942, filling the dual lole of recieational officei and publicity chan man He passed news for the seivice page of the Exponent, and was active with local CIVIC and campus oiganizations in piomoting vaiious enteitainment and lecieational piogiams foi men in the naval electiicians’ school as well as tho^ in the V 12
training
piesident of the Scientific Oil Compounding Company of Chicago, will speak befoie the Ameiican Chemical Society in loom 211 of Stanley Coultei Hall today at 7 30 p in His subject will be, “The Chemist in this Wai” The meeting
is open to the public
AST Patter I By T/6 Morris Better | WINTER CAMPAIGN A campus policeman stood at the dooi of Heavilon last Thursday afteinoon and watched the snow whiteout the campus To a gioup of passing GI’s he lemaiked, somewhat dejectedly, “If this snow had come six weeks ago, we wouldn’t have had this dam keep-off the giass headache ” Then he stood and beamed as he watched the students wandei aiound in the blizzaid with no effoit to divine the location of the sidewalks which Weie alieady iced in some six inches Foi the GI’s, a carnival atmospheie pi evaded as they sought out the highest snow banks in vhich to leave then footpiints Cues of “mush’” and the simulated baik of dog teams could be heaid as they stalked then way about between classes In addition, the snow packed well and made good semi fixed ammunition Another by-product of the sudden -wintei nas the leappeaiance.of earmuffs In this respect, it is interesting to obseive that there are two camps—those who near them under and those who near them over their overseas cap If you like safe bets, jou can even give odds that the man who wears them OVER his cap is, in some way, an \ir Force man According to legend, it is a hangover ol the hi^bit of pilots clamping their radio headsets over their hats It was this habit that started the fad of lemoving the grommet (wire loop) AAP men soon realized that these “hot pilot” hats had a rakish appearance about them which contributed a little imiividuality as welt it was soon discovered, as a great deal of leminine appeal All of which has little to do with Indiana winter but which does add a grain to the contention that “nothing can stop the Army Air Corps ”
OTHER 51?
NI don’t mean to be insulting oi blasphemous, but when advance publicity reached this desk about Brotherhood Week—which is sponsored by the National Conference of Christians and Jews, proclaimed by the President and to be observed next week—it sounded so much like the patronize-your-druggist, eat an extra-apple oi u eai-a-dandelion in-your lapel weeks, that it angeied me then, cynically, I asked “What about the Pther 51 weeks?” Tiue, it is regrettable that we have to pay a sort of negative tribute to the existence of bigotry by emphasizing the need for the practice of brotherhood But since the need for fighting hatred and prejudice DOES exist, seven days seems to be a meager contribution toward such a fight Until the day when religious and racial intoleiance will have only an historical meaning, the promotion of biotherhood cannot be set aside for use as a weekly reminder each year It is a job that must go on each hour, each day, each week in the year until every group and every individual has obtained every light and every dignity we want to keep for our selves To guide us to a quicker realization of that day is James Russel Lowell’s definition of Democracy “Democracy means not ‘I am equal to you’ but ‘vou are equal to me’ ”
Bluejackets (Continued from page 1) Horn, f 3 117 Vacanti, f 110 3 Sokol, f 10 0 2 Fiaziei, c 2 0 0 4 McPherson, c 2 0 14 Taylor, c 0 0 0 0 Haag, g 2 14 6 Walley, g 0 0 10 Pochowski, g 0 0 0 0 Elliott, g 0 0 4 0 Friend, g 0 2 4 2 Schweizei, g 10 12 19 8 19 46 Score at half Great Lakes 35, Purdue 27 Technical fouls—Aimstiong and
Smith
Free throws missed — Hoffman (8)n Horn, Frazier (2), Friend, Armstrong, Smitl\, Schaefer, Coleman, Rollins, Joachim, Lautenbach Referee, Nick Keains, DePaul, umpire, Fied Young, Illinois Wes-
leyan
Engineers (Continued from page 1) of pipes This correlated data was presented as a paper before the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in 1931 Together with C R Fieboig of the Mechanical Engineering staff, he has published a textbook on Mechanical Vibration He is paiiiiculaily interested in mechanical vi biational problems and flow of fluids as applied to the oil industry, and IS at present directing several research projects for the Army An Forces at Wright Field
Ceres
Buy War Bonds and Stamps
SmAUSS SAYS IT'S ONE DAY NEARER VICTORY
m WVSVlVA.X\o>t
a*
Men who are going into (or are in) the Navy— are reminded that there is an Appointee in Indianapolis— nfor Naval Officers' Uniforms made under the Naval plan.^ Such a direct-line and co-operative effort— Navy—Manufacturer— Reta 11 e r—Off i ce r— insures a degree of VALUE—such as no other plan seems possible to produce' It IS a pledge of fine clothes—in keeping with the Navy Tradition— thoroughly tailored, perfectly fitting. A complete selection of Uniforms and Accessories and Insignia'
ODDS ’N’ PNDS Did you bee the stoiy in lime last week about the men in an antiaiicraft training outfit who were lieated to the very un GI ish pleasure of breakfast in bed’ It was then reward tor excellent performance on the filing range So KP’s brought cooked to order breakfasts and set them on the lap ol each open mouthed soldier Such things restore one s faith m humanity Y VNK, if you rie not a subscriber is available at the west desk in the Union For future reference On April 1 all class B allotments (war bonds) under '1)6 25 will have to be mcieased to that amount or be cancelled Bonds are still r good investment And on March 1 the campai„n to have every EM covered with the maximum 10 thou of NSLI, will stait anew This, too is a good investment but one that it won’t be necessary to cash in on, wc hope The new carbine is now equipped with a grenade launched that can make a 30 ton tank wish that it stayed at home SR note Indianapolis Symphony will play Brahms Fust at MH rrinite Recommended North Stai rates a tiip into town Thought the average soldier rs broadminded—almost ex clusively so Buy War Bonds And Stamps
, . . agricultural honorary, will meet tonight in room 236 of the Union at 6 30 The speaker will be James Barker, former fire control man on a destroyer in the South Pa cific, who will talk on his expeii ences Swimming Schedule Feb 19—Conference meet at Nor tlrw'e stern
ASTP Trainees! Subscribe for the Exponentl^ow 1
Fill out the form below and mail or bring to Exponent Circulation Office in sub-basement of Union. Papers will be delivered to your room or house. If you live in Cary Hall, give hall and room number. If you live in a fraternity, give name and street address of house. The price of 1 term (until April 29, 1944) is 80c.
Purdue Exponent
Subscription Blank
Name ' Address Price 80c
forEmnUINMENT for AMUSEMENT >
You'll be glad later if you JOIN the BOOK-OF-THE-MONTH CLUB NOWl
Notices
AM Students Any student who wishes to ^v ik for the Rcusti ir duiinj.. the iek,istra tion foi the Maieh term March 5 and 4 will please leave his name it the desk in the Re^,istrai s otliee STONF Union Sophomores Those who letitioned ind (hd not reeeue j h m ly tall fir then sethomore keys it the Union Otfice anv i fteino n at 1 p m BOWf BY Triton Meeting, t iufe.ht Itb 1 it"" U) p m in Womens G>m YOGILCESANG Glider Club Mtetink. Tuesday Feb 1) at 40 p m See West Desk foi room um her BRIGHT Chemistry *1 I 2'i Students Iximina tic ns for rem )\ il of eondition pradi will be given Sati rday Feb 1) at 1 1 pm in room 233 of Chem Annex Authori7ation jm 1st be bccuiecl previuusb —PI ARCL War Council Shocken Demuee Grau Iich and Bowlby meet m Exponent oftice Tuesday Feb 15 it 5 p m HOWES Gimlet Club All mombcis for whom pad die were ordeied may picl them up at the Pi Kapp i Alpha house — RICHARDSON Ceres Impoitnnt meeting Tuesday Feb lo at 6 30 p m in loom 236 -TUESBURG
Delta Rho Kappa Initiation ind banquet will be htl I luesdai Icb *^2 at 5 15 i n in loom 261 of the Lnion All members and pledi.es please be theie promptly Will Icuv logethci by bus foi initiation bantiuet at b p m Members wishing, to attend banquet call Ruth I even WRH 31" before Ihin-s day Feb 1 Bun., meney for 1 e>» and
initiation fec^j ^
MILLER
Ceres Imp itint meeting 'luesduy I eb 1 iiry 1) 6 10 p m lo m 23b Union
TUESBLRG
A S M I An impoitunt meeting will li hell in loom H of th Physics Buildinj. t b) p m Ihuisd y Teb 1 Di R B Winthiop will explain and demoiistrite th pe ration ol the cycl tion All membeis aie urged to attend be^auie an el etion of olli eer fui the s me te i vill he hclel
DAVIDON
All Students Utgulai meeting of the Chiistian bciene Oiganuation will be held lucsdiy I eb 15 in the confer nc loom f the HaU f Music -SCHWANDl Kappa Delta Rho Meetv it, in le m 21^ of the Un on it ( 10 p m Ivesday leb 1
lOHNSON
GI EC CLUB Me mb rs interest d in 1 sherinj foi coino I riday I el 18 till Bib King 1<(^ befoie W dnesd y eve nin^ leb If KING Sigma Delta Chi Initiati n cf i ledges will b held this evening Feb 1 it b iO in roim 3oo of the Union All ictnes will
Society of Automotive Engineers Mectnt, Tuisday leb 1) at 7 30 p m in room 108 of the M E Building Films of interest to all \mU be sh)wn All students and acrvileemen invited —BATC|HELOR Skull and Crescent Important meeting in io( m -1 >) of th Union at 7pm Wednesd ly Feb 16 Only those attending will be alloweei lo come to the Cotillion banquet ~ KLEIN All Students War Bonds fiom contest cm bi obtained at booth m fi)ont of Sweet bhoi) b( tween 3 and 5 p hi today —HAASE Queen of Hearts Contestants Pictures mi v be 1 lek d up in the Student Union office tiom 1 to p m today HAASE Alpha 7cta Meeting for Tuesday Feb I > h is been postponed until later m the vLcl See Ihursdiys papei for details —SHERWOOD
Classified
Ads
Money to Laian-—On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Alberta Loan
Office 407 Columbia
attend
-RICHARDbON
Debris Pictures Picturts ^^Jll be tikcn in the South Balluom of the Union on Wednts day leb 1( it tht follovun^ tim s Alpha Phi Omet.a 8 00 p m Aerom)dclcis 8 10 WAA Council 8 20 Sportswomen 8 30 Omega Chi I pbilon 8 10 Phi lambda Up siion 8 >0 NT ESL
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes Bold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo* graph woik done O P Ebershoff, 606 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779
n