Our Town*
Tomori^w’s Performance Free to Students!
Founded In 1889
Z-185
Daily Since 1906
Volume 5, No. 14
Tuesday, July 22, 1341
Ross Pleases
Festival
Audience
43 Life Underwriters
» Enroll Here Yesterday
For Advanced Course
Following’ up the basic course of last week, 43 insurance men enrolled yesterday morning for the advanced section of the short course in life underwriting at the University which will continue through Saturday. The curriculum for the week has been arranged to include a comprehensive and analytical study of principles of selling as well as a review of current problems as they affect life insurance. Opening the advanced course, the “rules of salesmanship” were outlined by Grant Westgate, assistant superintendent of agen6ies of the Ohio National Life, Cincinnati, 0. - Methods of “selling the interview” were presented by V. J. Harrold, Fort Wayne, general agent of the Lincoln National Life. In the concluding address of the day, Harry Stout, of Dayton, Ohio, general agent of the John Hancock \ Mutual, spoke on “Developing the Problem.” Stout cited examples of fixing the problem of clean-up, retirement, minimum income, stock I retirement, and other insurance applications.
Piayshop Lists 4PlaysForNext Year's Schedule
Summer Piayshop Presents Our Town
Small Crowd At Evening Concert; Chorus Contest Is Almost Photo Finish.
By Bill Wendel A disappointing ll?ut not disappointed audience heard Lanny Ross conclude the University Music Festival Saturday evening in the Music Hall with whaE was generally conceded to be best entertainment presented at any of the three festivals held on the campus as preliminaries to the Chicagoland Music Festival. Presenting a varied program of classical, semi-popular, and popular numbers, Ross completely pleased his audience which applauded just as avidly for a group of Italian and French numbers as it did for Gershwin's “Summertime” and a selection of Irish songs, which seem to be inexcapable on any concert program. Good Breath Control The lyric tenor exhibited almost perfect breath control and kept his voice clear and true during every number. What was particularly pleasing was the care he took with enunciation. There was no slurring of words or exaggerated accent, something quite unusual for concert singers. Perhaps just as important as voice quality, Ross exhibited a stage presence and personality that is rare with musicians. Being endowed by nature with a formidable smile, he made the best of it at all times. A musical photo finish in which the Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus won out by the narrowest of margins in the choral division over the Choral Section of the Indianapolis Matinee Musfeale, provided one of the features of the Music Festival competition Saturday afternoon. Repeat Performances “ It required repeat performances of the optional numbers by both choruses before the judges were able to render a decision. In finally awarding the first place trophy to the Tippecanoe group of 45 voices directed by Joseph M. Ragains, and the second place trophy to the Indianapolis group of 61 voices, di(Continued on page 3)
Four top-flight plays, have been* selected for production by the Playshop during the coming school year H. Kenn Carmichael, director of the University Piayshop announced yesterday. The plays selected by the Piayshop Board were “Three Men on a Horse,” “The Petrified Forest,” “Beyond the Horizon,” and the Male Animal.” John Cecil Holm and George Obbott’s play, “Three Men on a Horse,” which will be produced by Piayshop early in October, is a fast-moving farce concerning the ups and downs of a Mr. Erwin Trowbridge, a greeting card verse writer and. a daily commuting resident of Ozone Heights, New Jersey. Erwin wakes up one morning to discover that he has the Midas gift in forecasting race horse winners. Although Erwin never bets himself, he has developed a foolproof system for “doping” out the races. A fight with his better half, a selfappointed holiday from the office and a very sodden binge through which he becomes involved with a crummy bunch of horse-race “sharks” supplies the fun and situations for this metropolitan comedy. The second production on the Piayshop calendar “The Petrified Forest,” is scheduled for presenta- . tion in December. The scene of this play is set at the Black Mesa Bar-B-Q lunch room at the edge of the petrified forest in an Arizona desert. The characters include a variety of characters, each discontented with hi splight irf life, drifting along the way of the least resistance. The appearance of a strange vagrant, a budding love affair between the artistic Gabrielle and the ex-football hero, Boze, provide a background for the sudden, intrusion "of an escaped convict. Robert Sherwood's deft unravelling of the tangled lives of his character made “The Petrified Forest” a smash hit'on Broadway. A typical Eugene O’Neill drama, in fact his first contribution to the American stage, “Beyond the Horizon,” will be produced by Kenn Carmichael and'his staff early next March. This is a-realistic drama in which the hero, Robert Mayo, son of a well-to-do farmer, defeated in Ms desire to go away to sea, is overwhelmed and dies in his own futility. “Beyond the Horizon” was a Pulitzer Prize play in 1919-1920. Fresh from its nation-wide success, “The Male Animal,” co-authors James Thurber and Elliott Nugent’s first contribution to the hall of hilarity, will be presented to the campus as the final production of Piayshop next April. “The Male Animal” was acclaimed the biggest success of the comedy stage last year by critics all over the country. The story deals with the gay college life on a small midwestem campus during the year, 1920. The antics of the male anintal, a Professor Tommy Turner, and his wife, Ellen, revolutiofiize the pedagogical profession. < •
Tomorrow, Thursday In Fowler Hall
Potter Re-Appointed To Defense Committee
Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering who has served the past year as chairman of the national advisory committee on Defense Training in Colleges, has been reappointed as chairman for the ensuing year. The Government increased the fund^ for this purpose from nine to seventeen and a half million dollars and the program 'v^ill be expanded from engineering alone to limited work in the fields of science apd management. Dean Potter plans to go to Washington next week where he will speak July 31 before the meeting of the sub-committee on Military Affairs of the National Committee on Education and Defense.
Miller: Exponent Story Libel
Student Health Service Head Threatens Suit
Charging falsification of facts, and defamation of character, Dr. S. J. Miller, of the student health service, Friday afternoon threatened publicly to sue the Exponent for libel. A public statement by Dr. Miller alleged that the story published in the Exponent Friday morning concerning the ^defeat of his Pillrollers by the Exponent team was completely false and deliberately malicious. Dr. Miller asked a printed denial of the story by the Exponent as redress and said “if this is not done, I will institute' proceedings against the Exponent Tuesday morning in Tippecanoe county court.” Last night a joint statement was prepared by John Traugott and Don Powers, editor and business manager of the paper, stating that Dr. Miller’s charges had absolutely no basis in fact and that there was in no way an error in the published story. Traugott and Powers coun-ter-charged that Miller was merely seeking publicity and that his defeat would be attested by A. Stuckey, manager of the Union bowling alleys. “How much is that rag worth?” Miller was said by student health service attendants to have screamed all Friday morning. It was alleged that Miller stated that he would sue the Exponent for twice whatever its cash value was. “I have no intention of changing staffs after I win the suit and control the paper,” Miller said, “but tfiose guys will work for me from then on and this health service will start getting some good publicity instead of the malicious insults we’ve been handed for the last ten years.” An agreement had been made be(Continued on page 3)
Becky Pervine Has Job Of Attempting To Be 'Average'
(Editor’s Note: This is the final article in a series describing the persons who will have roles in Summer Playshop’s production of “Our Town” tomorrow and Thurs-
day nights.)
By Francis Wendel
Emily Webb’s life and death cover the plot of “Our Town,” which will be presented from the stage of Fowler Hall tomorrow night. Emily is pretty bright at Algebra, likes phosphates at comer drugstore, falls in love and, of course, inevitibly, gets married. In short she is normal or average or the “same” as other girls. It is consequently a difficult role, it being practically impossible for any girl to be “average.” And it is the part of Becky Pervine, who will attempt being av-
ergge^omorrow evening.
Football Schedule
Since these articles are supposed to be character sketches of the various members of the cast, we shall state here that Becky Pervine is one of the conductors of WBAA's Woman Shopper program, a fact which should be viewed with charity and not make anyone jump at conclus-
ions.
She is a local girl, having graduated from West Side high school in 1939. In high school she took part in something called “dramatics,” and since coming to Purdue has worked with WBAA, the Alpha Chis, and AWS, this latter organization having something to do with causing the Prom band to play until 2:45 instead of 3 o’clock. We understand that she takes her love seriously and pretends annoyance during practice of love scenes of “Our Town,” at wisecracks of Haskell Metz, who will be remembered as the boy we i^nmortalized in the preceding article of this series. One loose end we gathered about (Continued on page 3)
The scale of prices for the strenuous Boilermaker football schedule this fall will range from $2.60 for the season’s opener with'^^Vanderbilt to $3 for the Old* Oaken Bucket finale with Indiana, it was announced yesterday by A. H. (Mai) Elward, athletic director and football coach. The advance sale of both season and individual game tickets will be formally launched within the next week when Ticket Manager C, S. Doan places some 20,000 ticket application blanks in tfie mdils to regular purchasers. Doan anticipates an unusually heavy advance sale, particularly for the three home games, for an unusual number of unsolicited orders have already been received. Home Games Reduced Rate Season tickets for the three home games with Vanderbilt, Iowa, and Michigan State, will again be offered at a reduced rate during the advance sale. The season tickets will be priced at $7 as compared with a $7.75 total of tickets for the three home games when purchased individually. The complete schedule for this fall, with ticket prices, follows:
Sept. 27 — Vanderbilt at Lafayette $2.50 Oct. 4 — Pittsburgh at Pittsburgh $2.75 Oct. 18 — Ohio State at Columbus $2.75 Oot. 25 — Iowa at Lafayette $2.75 Nov. 1 — Fordham at New York City $2.75 Nov. 8 — Mich. State at Lafayette $2.50 Nov. 15 — Wisconsin at Madison $2.75 Nov. 22. — Indiana at Bloomington $3.00
Prom Maestro Larry Clinton Is Triple Threat Artist-Arranger, Composer, and Band Director
•Larry Clinton,* the triple threat man of the music business—arranger, composer and leader, who will play for summer session prom-go-ers Friday night, comes to the campus fresh from engagements at College Inn, Chicago, Hotel New Yorker, New York, and more recently, at the mammoth dance carnival held at Madison Square ^Garden in New York.
Ticket sale sended yesterday, but Prom pommittee members announced that while there will be no tickets sold on campus. Prom-go-ers will be able to purchase them at the door of the ballroom Friday night. . _ Agnes iMcCulloch, president of AWS emphasized yesterday that.3' o5clock hours set by AWS must be, observed strictly Prom night. The orchestra will play from I'O till 2:46 a. m.
Larry Clinton
Clinton’s success story is almost without its parallel in the music world. Unlike most leaders who relate a long, tiresome story of their climb to the top Ldn-y’s was rela-'^ tively short and almost meteoric. After an apprenticeship with nationally known bands as Tommy Dorsey, Glen Gray, Isham Jones and Ferde Grofe, Larry turned his band to arranging at the suggestion of
Grofe. In a shorter time than it takes to tell, his fame spread throughout the industry to a point where Clinton was the most soughtfor arranger in the business. Clinton, born in Brooklyn, shortly before the start of the 'World War I, attributes most of his musical knowledge to early training at Home. His mother was an outstanding oratorio singer for many years and Grandpa Clinton, a famous organist. Larry’s later suc-
cesses in adapting the classics to popular dance time did much to help familiarize masses with fine but comparatively unknown musical works. “0^ Love,” “My Reverie” and “^;^sy Doodle” all original compositions by Clinton, aided in displaying the vei'satility of the youthful maestro. His first orchestra was formed after a request by RCA Victor to make records under the Larry Clinton label rather than-make dance arrangements for other bands. The record company’s decision to send Lany ^off on his own, proved to be a wise one and had its reward in large sums paid by enthusiasts for Clinton recordings. So much so that during 1939, Larry’s sales totaled the combined output of all the other artists under contract to that company. Clinton brings with him Peggy Mann, whose balled singing has attracted much notice. She has been heard regularly on the coast-to-coast Mutual network with the Or-^ chestra for the past four months. Another popular favorite of the dancers is “Butch” Stone, Clinton’s ‘scat' singer. “Butch” jsvill be on hand with a completely new list of novelty tunes.
Tomorrow Night's Performance Free
Mai Elward Announces Price Scale For 1941
To All Student Body
By Bob Wendel “In our town we like to know the facts about everybody.” These words by the Stage Manager, the central character, sum up life in “Our Town.” The facts about “Our Town” are the facts of daily life and love and marriage and death .pieced together by a Stage Manager into a history of Grover’s Corners, New Hampshire, population 2,640. The story of “Our Town,” a Pulitzer prize winning play, by Thornton Wilder will be presented by Summer Piayshop tomorrow night for students and Thursday evening for townspeople from the stage of Fowler Hall. All students will be admitted without charge tomorrow night upon presentation of schedule cards. Admission for Thursday night’s performance will be 25 cents. The production, directed by H. Kenn Carmichael, of the speech department, will start at 8 p. m. both evenings. Heading a cast of experiencedperformers are George Cummins, Haskell Metz, Richard Burtner, Virgil Lafuse, Carolsm Wood, Corienne Henderson, Becky Pervine, Sarah Andrew. Since the overhauling of Fowler hall four years ago, this will be the first summer it has been used for a play. New insulation and accoustical treatment together with an improved ventilation system indicate that the auditftrium will be as comfortable as during the winter season. The play presents a somewhat revoluntionary technique, have no curtain, scenery, or costumes. The action takes place in the town of Grover’s Corners shortly after the turn of the century. The audience arriving sees an empty stage in half-light. A stage manager walks out on the stage and starts the story of Grovers Corners, indicating with a sweep of his hand Main Street, and the fixtures of all small towns including the churches. Congregational, Presbyterian, Methodist, Unitarian, and the Catholic “in Polish Town across the tracks.” “The play has humor, a subtle, fatalistic sort, and pathos. But whatever emotion is presented, it is all only a routine part of the life of Grover’s Corners. The Stage Manager frequently uses a device giving the play a haunting realism by projecting the lives of his characters into the future. Thus, though ,the action oLthe play ends in 1913, we learn that Editor Webb died in 1930, or that the bright newsboy grew up and went to M. I. T. afld after gi-aduation was kilted in the World War. The play is concerned only with realism, and consequently there is no bathos or stiltedness about it. Active in the "staging of the production are Janet Decker, electrician; Marge Patrick, effects chair- ‘ man and script girl; Ruth Dray,' properties chairman; and Pauline Server, make-up, chairman.
Games on Green'
'>CS4'
iw-;; * 7%
' S'
- / 'h-
. . . weekly recreational and social event will be held this evening from 6:30 until 8 o’clock on the field directly north of the Fieldhouse. To- - day’s pi-ogram will be the fifth of a well-attended summer session s<>-» cial activity. ^
■M
v;4^ V
i>-Kt-f-fi3 i ^ ^ JU
, ’'4 , . >■ ,f. '»’ S i"*-, */■} V,"*" ?- ^ ‘tv' ^ w v*''' ‘ , *‘n. . >'- :/t’ ^ ^ '''- .7'* " -7"v •'^' A ^
Tf"
fia^ 2—£dijtA,
Tuesday, July 22, 1941
fiuhdujL ^xptomnJL
WBAA
TUESDAY July 22, 1941 12:00—Russ Graefnitz 12:16—Employment Service 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—^WBAA Presents 12:50—Purdue News 1:00—Just Relax 1:15—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Dorothy Washam 1:46—Markets 2:00—Monitor 2:15—A Chapter a Day 2:30—Treasure Chest 2:45—Parent Forum 3:00—Joanne Lloyd (piano) 3:15—Marching Along 3:30—Phyllis Clup 3:45—Meet Your Voice 4:00—South American Way 4:15—Stockman’s Trails 4:30—Sam Hamilton 4:46—Magic Carpet 7:00—Concert Strings 7:30—Music of the Day
Ross Camp Scene Of Annual ASCE, Student Meeting
12 12 12 12 12: 1:
1
1: 1: 2:
2 2 2 3 3
3
3 4 4 4 4 7 7 7
WEDNESDAY July 23, 1941 00—Wake Up and Live 15—Sports Interviews 30—Meet the Band 45—^WBAA Presents 50—Purdue News 00—Farm Facts 15—Foods-Facts-Fancies 30—Memory Lane
45—Markets
00—Monitor Views the News 15—^A Chapter a Day
30—Music
45— Sacred Recorded Milsic 00—Science Review 15—Concert Masters ;30—Concert Masters 46— ^The Bookman 00—Lest We Forget ;16—News of the Week ;30—Melody Maids ;45—Joarme Lloyd—organist ;00—Concert Strings :30—The Three M’s :46—Music of the Day
Members of the Indiana Section of the American Society of Civil Engineers, accompanied by their families, held their annual summer meeting with University students at the Ross civil engineering camp south of the city Sunday afternoon. Engineers from all parts of the state A^ere in attendance, with the largest representations from ^outh Bend and Indianapolis. A chicken dinner started the informal festivities, with President L. E. (Abe) Martin, of Lafayette, presiding. Short talks were made by President Elliott; David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees, and Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, who outlined the important part that the engineering institutions of the country are playing in the national deefnse program. Among the special guests of the day was R. F. Wilcoxon, of the U. S. Geological Survey. A series of contests for both young and old enlivened the afternoon. President Martin was awarded a special prize as the “best dressed man.” The entertainment was in charge of a committee composed of Ben H. Petty, chairman, and W. I. Freel and R. C. Wagner. Prof. George Lommel was the “chef” for the occasion.
Name Purdue Grad B&O Chief Engineer
THURSDAY July 24, 1941 12:00—Social Security 12:16—Meet the Band 12:45—WBAA Presents 12:50—Purdue News 1:00—Music 1:15—Recorded Military Music 1:46—Markets 2:00—Monitor Views the/News 2:15—^A Chapter a Day 2:30—Treasure Chest 2:45—Parent Forum 3:00—Symphony Hall 4:00—Popular Music 4:30—Eventide Echoes 4:45—^Virginia Ulrey 7:00—Concert Strings 7:30—Music of the Day
Claude Passeau of the Chicago Cubs gave up only one home run in every 36.1 innings to lead National League pitchers in this respect last year.
A. C. Clarke, CE ’15, has been appointed chief engineer of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, according to word received here by friends. Announcement of his appointment was made Saturday by C. E. Van Horn, vice-president in charge of operations and maintenance. Claike succeeded H. A. Lane who died recently. Clarke who has risen to one of the top positions in the great railway system was bom on May 16, 1888, at Granton, Ontario, and attended public schools in Toronto, Cleveland and Elkhart, graduating from the high school in the latter city. He started his railroad career with th eLake Shorre and Michigan Southern at Elkhart and South Bend, but later became a customs oificer at Regina, Saskatchewan, in 1907 and then for a period was with the Canadian government on survey and retracement in Saskatchewan in 1908 Immediately after his graduation fiom Purduein 1915 he went with the B. and 0. in the operating department, conducting investigations and preparing special reports on operating and industrial projects. He was transferred to the commercial development department a year later and in 1917 became assistant engineer of surveys.
Flowers Make a Hit!
Please your girl with a corsage from CLARK’S. Flowers will express your sentiments beautifully. To please and make her more radiant than ever send a corsage from CLARCK’S.
^loJikiu J'hfuxL Co,
Phone 8451
527 Main St.
Jimsdij. Jjcdk
The Way of A Home Ec Grad
Home economics isn’t so homey, or at least it doesn’t necessarily condemn one to a life of manufacturing scrambled eggs. Betty Wason graduated from Purdue in 1933 in home economics and found herself doing home economics work for a utility company in Kentucky. Then after some years, during which we suppose she was evolving from home economics specialist to a newspaperwoman, she turned up in New York with a roving commission from TransRadio news service to cover Europe. That was in 1938. From that time one she shed all traces of a Purdue home economics graduate and seemed to be every place in Europe where the caldron was bubbling with double toil and trouble. She returned to the United States in March 1939 and got as far inland as the Purdue campus to make a convocation speech, when she suddenly returned to New York and was off for Italy, still working for Trans-Radio. The people in West Lafayette knew she was in Sweden when her voice was transported one evening via CBS in a news broadcast describing the invasion of Norway. She proceeded to the currently not-so-mys-terious land of the Soviets, and there was received with two seperate threats of arrest. And Thence through the Balkans to Greece, which seemed to be a likeable spot to both Miss Wason she left Russia with the help of the Muscovites, and Benito about that time. She arrived just in time to see Mussolini’s war in reverse against the Greeks. She stayed in Athens to see the (German army plant the crooked cross above
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoi^zed January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents.
PUBLICATION STAFF Editor; J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.; D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Business 8471
the Acropolis. Then Miss Wason went on a full time blackout until July 3 when Harry Flannery, CBS correspondent in i^erlin, cabled her parents in Indianapolis that she was leaving the capital of the German reich for Lisbon. In what manner and when and why the little jaunt from Athens to Berlin was made we have no idea. The S. S. Excaliber now is Miss Wason’s summer home until she reaches New York from Lisbon. That was the latest cable her parents received. Another interesting little item before we close: She was recently reported being held prisoner by the German gestapo. Glancing at the post-Prom summer session calendar, we notice nothing in particular except that there is nothing happening. Dr. Knight and Prof. Hall, a special convocation by our home economics graduate would fill the lull very well.
The summer session social and recreational committee held its final meeting yesterday. This will leave many without anything to complain about. Even the weather hasn’t been obligingly nasty. All praises for the work of the committee will be paid for at the rate of two cents a word, thank you.
It's Too Hot to Write Ads... ... Too Hot to Read 'Em ...
So we just say, Keep Cool—Wear Crown Cleaned Clothes
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHEt Top of the Hill, On the Corner
The Purdue Summer Session Presents OUR TOWN Pulitzer Prize Play by Thornton Wilder
m
ELIZA FOWLER HALL
SPECIAL STUDENT PERFORMANCE July 23 (Free on Presenting of Schedule Cord)
PUBLIC PERFORMANCE July 24 ADMISSION 25c
Tickets now at Decker's and Southworth's
\ Curtains Promptly at 8:00 p. m.
Jimmy Foxx, veteran Boston Red Sox first baseman, has hit 30 or more home runs for the past 12 consecutive sehsops.
^f^VNeiEtai NEEDS PILOTS A «E«ILS.MMr ^^.^FinNG
HEALTHFULLY COOL
MARS
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Poromount Proionli
H0PE*LAM0UR "CAUOHT IN THE ORAFT"
—THURSDAY-FRIDAY-
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TODAY - WEDNESDAY MORE lAUGHS than you’ve haff in yeanl
jfAUnti
A Columbia Picture -THURS. - FRI. - SAT.-
HEALTHFULLY COOL
LUMA
TODAY-WED.—2 HITS THOUSANDS locked in Mighty Battle
Richard DIX Patricia MORISON Preston FOSTER
ALSO
GENE AUTRY SUNSETN WYOMING SHuteySl/R/yerfE MAHIS>(;lX0N ■ CI0(I0( CHyflAHD
ALSO
•torrt'ig / GORDON HARKER ' ALASTAIR SIM ' with Phyllis Calvert 20tli Century Fox PIcturi ,nn
fiwulusL £xponmL
Tuesday, July 22, 1941
3
^ V <f
Miller:Exponent... Me»*gyTexfbook BeckyPervine...
Published Recently By Bray
(Continued from page 1)
fore the match Thujjpday night that the health service would he draped in black crepe if the Exponent won, and that the paper would be bordered in black if the Pillrollers won. The Exponent has absolute proof that there was black crepe hung early Friday morning in the health S ’ce office, thus belieing Miller’s ges later in the day, when an Exponent writer observed, the ctepe had suddenly disappeared.
Only home runs to clear the roof in Detroit’s Briggs Stadium are the two poled out by the Red Sox’ outfielder Ted Williams, one this spring and one in the spring of 1940. Wil* Jiams’ game-clinching homer in the 1941 All-Star game missed cleagin by a scant two feet.
“Non-Ferrous Production Metallurgy,” a new book by Prof. John L. Bray, head of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, was published recently by John Wiley Company. Professor Bray’s book is specifically designed for classroom use in courses in metallurgical and chemi- j cal engineering. Although the book has been restricted to fit the average curriculum, requirements for the subject, a complete coverage of non-ferrous metals is offered. Full economic and thriff discussions, thermal data for reactions and extensive lists of suggested references make the book complete. The book has been condensed by the use of simplified flow sheets, simple line drawings and reduction to a minimum of discussion of operating details.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER
BLUE BLAZER COCKTAIL LOUNGE
WALNUT ROOM CAFE
Both Air Conditioined
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
Swim Nightly in the FIELDHOUSE POOL
What’s in a Paint Job? Quality paint is the foremost factor in a good paint job. With high quality workmanship naturally becomes better. Make your dollars go farther and last longer, also with ^Pittsburgh” paint when you redecorate for Bummer, Inside or out Pittsburgh paint will do the job
better, yet you spend no more. HUNECK'S
')
GLASS AND PAINT CO.
826 Mam St
Phone 3841
(Continued from page 1)
her is that she has a relatively high opinion of Purdue men, a fact to be reconciled with the knovdedge that she went t<v grade school in West Lafayette, and then to high school in West Lafayette and then to col-
lege in West Lafayette.
We have one more person to polish off before concluding this series. She is Carolyn Wood, also of West Side, also of WBAA, and also of high school “dramatics.” She also likes Purdue eds, and also is a science student. There is one difference: Becky plays Emily and Carolyn plays Mrs. Gibbs. That is how you can tell them apart tomorrow night. There are several other differences of course. Carolyn has blonde hair and there is about four inches more of her. Lengthwise, we mean. Incidentally she also is on the Woman Shopper program.
When the Philadelphia Athletics finished eighth in the American League in 1940, they broke the Boston Red Sox’ record of having finished in eighth place 10 times by coming in last for the 11th time since the club was organized.
Fisher, Hockema Attend Capital Meeting On NY A Representing the University at a meeting on the National Youth Administration college work program in Indianapolis today are Dean M. L. Fisher and Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president. Called to facilitate plans for the fall’s program, the meeting is to be held at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Dr.^Robert H. Howard, Cleveland, regional director of NYA student work, is to be the principal speaker. He is expected to give information on the program for the coming school year, including quotas and procedures, and will discuss the problems of administration. The meeting of the representatives of the forty Indiana colleges in which NYA programs operate was preceded yesterday by a session of the student work advisory council, of which Dr. Frank Elliott of Indiana University is chairman. . Plans for the operation of the student work program in Indiana secondary schools during the coming year are to be formulated. Lyun Miller, assistant principal of Jeffferson high school, will attend the meeting.
/
Obitdtandin^
w an
unce
Roth’s offer you the same outstanding service and excellent flowers as always. A corsage from Roth’s is an / added delight.
l^otL ^ionit
635 Main St.
Phone 7955
Ross Pleases... 40 Begin 2nd Course
In Explosives Here
(Continued from page 1)
rected by Joseph Lautner, the judges recommended that both choruses be sent to Chicago to represent the state in the Chicagoland Music Festival on August 16. First place honors for women vocalists were won by Mrs. Lillie King Shaw, of R. R. 2, .Danville, an attractive 26-year-old auburn haired mezzo. Mrs. Shaw, a graduate of Washington high school, Indianapolis, has been studying for the past six years at the Arthur Jordan Conservatory under Fred Jefry, and is now soloist at the Central Christian Church, Indianapolis. Shoe Clerk Wius Solo Honors A 16-year-old youngster from Connersville, Patti Stewart, won second honors in the women’s division to prove her versatility. Patti, a baton twirling champion who has been studying music for the past two years Under Mrs. Roy Adams, in Connersville, made a distinct hit with her dramatic soprano voice to win the right to be one of two women’s representatives at Chicago. In the men’s division, Charles Potts, 28-year-oid lyric tenor, a clerk in a shoe factory in Vincennes, won the first *lace medal. PottsJs soloist in the First M. E. Chur^ in Vincennes. Second place went to six foot, . oneand one-haK inch Paul Kunze, 34-year-old baritone, a shipping clerk in a rubber factory in Huntington. He directs the St. Peter’s Evangelical and Reformed Church Choir in his home town. Mildred Pickett, 10, of Lynn, won first honors in the juvenile baton twirling contests, and second went to little six-year-old Jean Jones, also of Lsmn. Jeff Student Wins In the junior division, Katherine Evans, 16, of Lafayette, drum majorette of the Jefferson high school band, was awarded the first place medal. Second went to Marilyn Berger, 14, of Windfall, and third to Marilyn Moore, 16, of Williamsport, also her high school drum majorette. Gene C. Huffman, 18, of Logansport, won top honors in the senior baton twirling division. Huffman, a freshman in Purdue last year, was
A second six weeks course in the chemistry of powder and explosives opened at the University yesterday with 40 men enrolled. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the department of general engineering and in charge of the course, said yesterday that the first group of 40 men which completed their training last Saturday are already employed in defense industries as explosive inspectors. I A good share of the men who completed the first course Saturday are employed at the powder plant at Charlestown, with others going to work for government ordnance plants and private industry. Funds for instruction are provided through the U. S. 0%ce of Education, the students being required to pay for only their own subsistence, transportation, and books. Instructors for the course are George T. Austin, of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering, and Prof. Herschel Hunt, of the chemistry department. In addition to the group which completed its work here Saturday, Prof. Beese announced that 40 men who are taking the course in Indianapolis on a half-time basis are half way through and will complete their work August 30. The Indianapolis group meets twice a week and journeys here each Saturday for a session in the University laboratories. E£ 19 Softball . . . team Wednesday outslugged the Service and Stores ten for an easy 14 to 7 win. The strong hitting of the double E team put the game on ice early in the contest with a seven-run barrage.
one of thetwirlers in the famous Purdue band. Joan Lash, 17, of Avilla, who will be a high school senior next fall, took second place. Cecil Havens, 19, of Clayton, who will be a junior next fall at Central Normal College, Danville, won first place in the trombone competition. He holds the first choir in the Central Normal band.
the Purdue Exponent Service , Directery
Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA gAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• School Supplier DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
W,LAPAYETTE LIBRARY LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY A lOc MINIMUM
Before You Make That Trip To See Your Best Girl Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s e^ert mechanics. You will be surprised at the
improvement in performance.
Peter Anderson Garage
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabama St.
PlMm«^4048
-I is*
jih
•f'? A' , j
' % * L.?' 1.c
S^eupL k-
Tuesday, July 22, 1941
S^WvdwL ^xpomnL
Finals Are Coming
So Prepare Yourselves By Dining in COOL COMFORT
in the
/
UNION CAFETERIA
Today:
special
Stuffed Tomato Salad
25c
FRUIT PLATE 25 and 30c / COOL CUTS OF MEAT 15c COLD SANDWICHES 10 and 15c MELONS " 10c FOUR DIFFERENT VEGETABLES 5c SALADS t 10c HOME MADE PIES and CAKE 10c ICE CREAM 5 and 10c Vanilla Strawberry _ Chocolate Raspberry Salad Pecan Crunch Iced Tea, Iced Coffee, Orange, Lemon, Lime Ades Selection of Juices
* Economical * Convenient 1 * Efficient Service * Comfortable, Cool * Good Food * A Variable Menu and * A Balanced Menu r—OPEN DAILY — —^Week Days — — Sunday — 6:30 a. m. to 9:00 a/m. 5:00 a. m. to 10:00 a. m. 11:00 a. m. to 1:00 p. m. 11:45 a. m. to 1:45 p. m. 5:00 p. m. to 7:00 p. m. 5:00 p. m. to 7:00 p,^m.
N
■» I JAe, fiiVuiwi, TyimuoiiaL 'linjum. I The^^rner of the Campus—Yet the Center of College Activities