I
/
Purdue
Z-IU
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 64
Tuesday, November 28, 1939
Eva Jessye Choir
You Have Had
(An Editorial) ... your long-desired Thanksgiving recess. I hope that your anticipations became satisfying realizations. Now, that the world has been made safe for Old Oaken Buckets the time has come for every student to get ready for the Christmas holidays, and to get ready in the right way. This can be accomplished only by devoting all of the working hours of the coming three weeks to serious, industrious study. If you own any yellow slips, get rid of them by discharging the obligation they represent. So that, when you leave the campus on December 20th it will be with confidence that, in every one of your courses, you are even with the job. Don’t put things off that should be done now. Otherwise they will torture you during the holiday season, and when January arrives the dull post-vacation pangs of conscience soon will become shaip pains of impending f^ure. Let us determine that the final days of 1939 will be filled with the stuff of success for the first days of 1940. This is not a preachment. It is merely a paragraph from the handbook Experience. Edward C. Elliott.
, . . distinguished negro singing ensemble, will appear here Thursday and Friday in the fifth convocation of the year, to be held in Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock each evening. Sophomores and juniors will be admitted the first night, while freshmen and seniors are in line for the
second performance.
High School Debaters
/inn Ta Hnnnr CrirIrloK 1° Convene This Week I y II ^ 11 I I IU ^ I ^ Registration for the tenth annual High School Debaters’ O
Tonight; Free Mars Show
Paying homage to the 1939 edition of the Boilermaker football juggernaut, who recently wound up the season with a victory over a hard-fighting Hoosier eleven to maintain a final standing of third place in the Big Ten standing, a crowd of over 400 persons will attend a banquet tonight at 6 o’clock in the Union ballroom sponsored by the Lafayette Kiwanis Club. Wilfred Smith, a leading sports —
Prof. Setord
writer for the Chicago Tribune, and a keen technician of the game of football, will be the guest of the local Kiwanis Club and will give the principal address of the evening. Smith is a former Hoosier, having graduated from DePauw University, where he won letters in the four major sports, football, basketball, track, and baseball. Following his graduation, he played end with the professional Chicago Card- / inals where he was a teammate with Eddie Anderson, now head coach with the Iowa Hawkeyes, proclaimed as the “coach of the year.” < Reverend J B. Gleason, president elect of the club, will give the invocation, which will be followed by a wide variety of ^events, introduced by V. C, Freeman, associate dean of
Through the auspices of the Gimlet Club, the student body may attend a free show at the Mars Theatre tonight at 11 o’clock upon presentation of passports. The picture on the screen is “Drums Along the Mohawk.” ^ According to Dean Stratton, co-ed hours will be extended to 1:30. Following the football banquet in the Union ballroom, the grid players will appear on the Mars stage and the football captain for 1940 will be presented.
Agriculture and president of the Kiwanis Club. The Purdue Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, will provide the music for the evening, with Jeanne Miller giving a special music feature of harp solos. “Most Valuable” Following the dinner. Head Coach JMal Elward will present the team .awards, including major and minor awards. The team members will then retire from the room to select their 1940 captain and the “most -valuable” player of the 1939 season. The men elected by the team will Tbe announced at the banquet immediately following their election. A special guest of the club will be a former great of Hoosier football in the person of Jesse Harper. Mr. Harper was the coach of the late Knute Rockne in his collegiate playing days, and later became athletic director at Notre Dame. Credit for the initiation of the widely known “Notre Dame system^ now used by a wide scope of American universities, is given to Jesse Harp■er. Tickets According to the latest report from Ticket Chairman Raymond Schnaible, tickets are still available to the banquet, and may be obtained by contacting members of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club. Tickets are also on sale at Deac Reisners, Deckers, and at “Doc” Anderson’s garage.
C. A. Beard, Historian, To Councel, Advise Forces On Campus Dr. Charles A. Beard, one of America’s foremost historians, will be on the campus from December 1 to 4 to observe and advise on the democratic forces at work on the campus. Following an invitation extended several rnonths ago by Dr. Elliott, Dr. Beard will pieet with student and faculty groups to study pedagogic methods and student activities here. Dr. Beard, former professor of history at Columbia University, is a native Hoosier having been born and raised in Knightstown. Starting in 1907 for ten years he was on the Columbia faculty. From 1917 to 1922 he was director of the Training School for Public Service in New York; following that he went to Japan as adviser to the Institute on Municipal Research and was adviser to Viscount Goto, Japanese Minister of Home Affairs, following the earthquake of 1923. He IS the only man who has served as president of both the American Political Science Association and the American History Association. Within the last few years. Dr. Beard, who is the author of a score of books, has published a series of books dealing with the political and economic history of the United States. Most recent of these is “America in Midpassage,” which was published this year. ATOs Are Victims Of Thief Who Takes $19; Find No Clues Alpha Tau Omega brothers arose a week ago Monday morning to find that a cunning thief had made his way into their domicile early that morning. Not only did he get in, but, alas, he got out; not only this, but he took $19 with him which was not his own. One of the members returned at 2 o’clock that morning and reported everything apparently in order. However, occupants of second floor rooms found them turned topsyturvy when they arose that morning, Thus, the orily clue seems to be that he made his visit some time between those hours. Police were called into consultation. Although they made every effort, no further traces of the little man could be found.
Other Features Other features of the two day program will be the public forum on the railroad question to be held Saturday morning at 10:00, with Robert S. Henry, assistant to the president of the Association of American Railroads, taking the railroad’s side, and the Hon. Thomas Amlie, of Elkhorn, Wisconsin, former Wisconsin Congressman, speaking on “the Case for Government Ownership.” Also to t)e included in the progiam are the debate coaches meeting and discussion of problems; group discussions and demonstrations by Dr. J. H. McBurney, Northwestern Univeisity, and members of his classes; the annual banquet on Friday evening; special performance of “Winterset” for those registered at the conference on Friday evening; and practice debates on Satuiday afternoon. Maui ice Karnowsky and Donald Paarlberg will speak for Purdue and Marvin Miller and William Spray will repiesent Indiana. The debate will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 2:15. Constructive speeches will be limited to 12 minutes, and rebutal speeches to five minutes. McCrady Will Play For WRH Formal Members of the Woman’s Residence Halls will hold their annual winter formal da^ce on Saturday, December 2, from 9 to 12:45, with Harry McCrady’s band supplying the music. Dancing will be in both North and South halls. Decorations will consist of typical winter scenery. As a feature of the party, sleigh bell bracelets will be presented to the residents, instead of the usual dance programs. SDK Meets Tonight In PI A Office At 7:30 Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society, will meet tonight in the PIA office in the Union Building. Active members will discuss pledges and dance plans starting at 7:30, and pledges will report at 8 o’clock. Final plans for the Riveters Rassle on December 8 and the list of Sigma Delta Chi pledges will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent.
.. . director of debate at the University of Michigan, will give a critique and analysis of the intercollegiate debate with Indiana which will be staged Friday in connection with the tenth annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference. Debaters, Forensic Delegates To View 'Winterset' Friday Playshop will give a special perfoimance of “Winterset” Friday, December 1, for the high school debaters here at the Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference. The tegular opening o± “Winterset” is Wednesday* evening, December 6, and reserved seats for all regular performances are now available at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall. “Winterset,” a thrilling story of gangsterdom and love in the slums of New York City, is the second production of Playshop for this season. The cast includes the following well known Playshop actors: Patricia Heine, Benton Burns, Joe Martin, Harold Martin, William Heath, Don Salmond, Alex Lipchak, William Tedrowe, Louis Julliard, and Helen Steffee.
Annual
Dr. A. P. Haake Speaks On Business Problems Dr. Alfred P. Haake, noted industrial economist, speaker and business executive, spoke before the Purdue Women’s Club yesterday evening in Fowler HaU. His subject was “Techniques for Solving Problems in Business.” “We spend so much time trjnng to find the best way of solving problems that we don’t solve the problem,” stated Dr. Haake.
Registration for the tenth annual High School Debaters’ Conference will be held next Friday morning, December 1. The conference is sponsored by the University speech department and is open to high school debaters and their coaches. There has been an increase in attendance since the first meeting in
1931.
The Purdue and Indiana debate teams will give a demonstration debate on this year’s high school debate question, “Government Ownership of Railroads.” Prof. Arthur Secord, University of Michigan, will give a critique and analysis of this debate. Purdue will take the affirmative side of the question, “Resolved that the Federal Government should own and operate the railroads.”
(DR..
University Debaters To Discuss Topic With Northwestern Squad Tonight the varsity debate squad will meet the Northwestern team in the Home Economics auditorium at 7:30. The subject for debate will be “Government Ownership of Railroads,” the same subjeci; which was discussed on the road trip last week. Jack Roper and Herbert Silvers of Northwestern will debate with a Boilermaker team composed of Lee Standish and William Etter, both sophomores in their first collegiate debate. Bob King of the speech department will be chairman. Road Trip The squad returned from the University of Iowa Sunday after winning their first major debate of the season. The team left last Wednesday for Northwestern, Wisconsin and Minnesota, where they engaged in practice debates without decision. Saturday they debated twice at the University of Iowa, winning both times. On the affirmative the first speaker was Maurice Karnowsky, ChE ’40, starting his fourth year on the squad. Second speaker for the affix mative was Donald Paarlberg, Ag ’40, also a fourth year debater. The negative team was composed of Seymour Udell, Sc ’42, and Gordon Belles, ME ’42. P. E. Lull accompanied, the team on the tour.
He further declaied that the average American does not understand the relationship between cause and effect. “In economics and politics we have been repeating magpc charms because we don’t know what IS wrong with our present system.” Dr. Haake believes that the recovery of the nation is based upon the individual recovery of the cities which make up the country. He declared that the American economic system has resulted in the United States, with 7 per cent of the world’s population, controlling 46 per cent of the world’s wealth. “Show me something better than our system of capitalism, prove that it will work, and I will be for it,” he said. Dr. Haake’s appearance last night was the second on this campus in seven months. He spoke before a meeting of all senior engineering students at a regular class lecture last April. Dr. Haake’s talk which was originally scheduled for 8:30 was moved up to 8 o’clock to accommodate the WLW broadcast “Salute to the Cities” which originated from Eliza Fowler Hall stage between 10:30 and 11 p. m. Cary Hall West Will Sponsor Etiquette Week; 2 Speakers Cary Hall West will sponsor an etiquette week with particular attention paid to table manners. Social Chairman Joe Price announced yesterday. Geox’gann Schilling, coed editor of Exponent, and Miss Margaret Hamilton, head resident of WRH South, will speak. In the near future Miss Hamilton and R. V. Stewart will speak at North West Hall. The etiquette week is the result of a program suggested by Mr. G. R. Arbuckle, manager of men’s residence halls, and elaborated by the social chairman of the various halls. The procedure is entirely in the hands of the councils of each unit as every hall has it’s individual problems. Anita Lederman . . . H. E. *42 was married last Saturday to Gilbert Devore, of the class of ’39 in Buffalo, New York. Mr. and Mrs. Devore will reside in Kenmore, New York, Buffalo suburb.
87 Co-eds Nominated For Debris Beauty Contests; Name Deadline 5:30 Tomorrow
... State Older Boy’s Conference, sponsored by the YMCA, will be held in Lafayette Friday and Saturday. The meeting, which is open to any old boys interested, will be the twentieth of its kind. The theme of the program is “Widening Horizons,” and in addition to the main addresses by the Rev. Aulenbach, of Germahtown, Pa., there will be forums conducted relative to the main topic. A tour of the University campus is planned for the afternoon of Friday, December 1.
All applications for entry in the Debris beauty contest must be placed in the red box at the West Desk of the Union before 5:30 Wednesday. Everyone is eligible except last year’s winners. A practice session will be held in the reception room of the Union at 4 p. m. Wednesday. Mrs. Henderson, a former professional model will instruct the girls. A final meeting will be held Thursday in the Union ballroom. All who are competing in the contest are required to be present. The following girls have been entered in the contest: Katherine Ade, Jane Arnold, Mary Jane Bachelder, Jane Ballard, Marjorie Baumgart, Wilma Bear, Ruth Bennett, Erma Berry, Treva Berry, Jane Black, Ruth Blake, Ruth Bryant, Eleanor Blackmore, Gerry Buhrke, Frances Burkhardt, Elizabeth Burton, Jane Caldwell, Bette Ann Carr, Marjorie Craig. Marietta Darnall, Jackie Decker, Nan Dennis, Vivian Dickerson, Mary J. Dietrich, Estella Dix, Janice Dixon, Barbai'a Fitting, Hax‘-
i-iet Forger, Gloria Fox, Virginia Fox, Patricia Frigge, Libby Funsett, Gail Gallaher, Doris Gamble, June Greckel, Marguerite Hans, Mary Edith Harvey, Kathryn Hawkins, Jeanette Haynes, Bonnie Hixon, Yvonne Holden, Peggy Howard, Barbara Hyman, Jo Ann Jackson, Jean Jones. Ellen Kepner, Mary Catherine Kern, Dorothy Kolar, Kathryn Leist, Jane Lewis, Frances Lloyd, Lou I. Luzor, Mary Mangold, Margaret MacBride, Jean Ann McClintock, Dorothy McLain, Darlene Mahns, Alice Martens, Mary Mather, Mary McClelland, Victoria Milea, Jeanne Miller, Ona Morrison, Floy Myers, Jane Ostrander, Jeanne Patrick, Joan Paulus, Jane Pavey, Becky Ann Pervine, Sylvia Pittman, Eleanor Poor. Frances Raebig, Martha Jane Raub, Corrine Reifers, Jane Robin- ^ son, Nancy Roby, Georgina Savory, Caroline Scott, Dorothy Sieb, Lois Simpson, Gene Taylor, Vinton Taylor, Mai’ge Thomas, Geoirgialee Weigel, Betty Woeffle, Parker Wynn, Georgann Schilling.Wfif
Tv * *!!? y T ''Ti- t^f i'v’^^''
\
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, November 28, 1939
i'M
Jinudtf. JoHl Communistic Propaganda .., costing thousands of Moscow dollars has been distributed in American colleges and universities, according to Major Hampden Wilson, former educator now on the investigating staff of the Dies committee. Major Wilson testified that the American Student Union has been the chief “transmission belt” employed by the Communists to gain inroads in American educational institutions. With Earl Browder, general secretary of the Communist party as its witness, the Dies committee recently brought out that whereas a “fellow traveler” is an individual, a “transmission belt” is an organization. Browder identified by name the American Student Union among ten organizations, which he termed “transmission belts,” used by the Communists to impose their theories upon “the masses.” We are in sympathy with the work of the Dies committee, and believe that direct propaganda should be exposed as such. We do not believe, however, that distribution of such propaganda should be barred, or that Communists should be prohibited from meeting together or making authorized public speeches. Such action would be contrary to the fundamentals of American democracy. Better, let the Communist talk, but have free-thinking Americans point out his errors in logic, the folly of his philosophy, and the unAmerican nature of his doctrines. There is no branch of the American Student Union by name in Purdue University, although occasionally some organization has been accused of having slightly pinkish tendencies. However, we have never been directly approached with anything bearing a Communistic touch while in Purdue University. Perhaps we have just been overlooked, or perhaps the Dies committee is overdoing itself.
But Incidentally— By Romanoff Tough guys these Indiana men . . . Friday they sent all their frosh to class muttering “one-two-three-four-five-six-seven-eight-nine-ten. BEAT PURDUE.” Saturday afternoon came. Twenty-two little men went out on the field. Twenty-two little men came back. Half of them happy, half gloomy. Saturday night the Hoosiers were heard moaning “One-two-three-four-five-six-seven-eight-nine-ten. Beat Purdue next year,” We think they ought to change it to “It can’t happen here.” * >(> 4i And Spotts didn’t fail us after all . . . he, too, came through . . . somewhere over the rainbow.
As for that blanket hop Saturday night . . . some of the out-of-towners got off on the wrong foot and brought their own blankets. * * * We spent yesterday afternoon examining the new Union Club addition. Now Val has three super-ultra suites than can be had for the paltry sum of $8 per night. Somehow we don’t think they’re worth it. It’s not the $8 that stands in our way, it’s the bunch of static electricity that one must acquire while getting from one end of the hall to the other. Someone suggesed that all transients be required to drag a chain behind them like a gasoline truck. This would solve the shock problem, but what about the style of chain? * * ♦ The irony of fate is that you can’t get the bedroom door shut until you slide the twin beds together. Of course all the doors open “in” instead of “out” as the Indiana Fire Code suggests . . . with^threats of fines and imprisonment. Hi Val... Hi radio . . . Move over Bergdoll. « * * We just got a fleeting glimpse of what the corridor would look like if the doors did open out. You’d feel like a carrot going through a vegetable grinder.
University Turns Back Calendar To Origin Of Term, 'Boilermakers'
By R. F. Sears ‘Twas fifty years ago today that a determined football team wearing the Old Gold and Black of Purdue traveled down to Crawfordsville, Indiana, to meet the Little Giants of Wabash in what was then the comparatively new game of football. Leaving the field after thoroughly whipping their opponents to the tune of 60-0, the lads from up Lafayette-way were jeered in no uncertain terms by the angered Wabash rooters and were told that they were nothing but a bunch of “Boilermakers ” On that day was bom a name that was destined to become the nickname of Purdue. Not Far Wrong The truth of the matter is that the Wabash rooters were not far wrong in their veibal attacks on the team. For on the Purdue team were eight lough and tumble workmen secured from the Monon shops, and three Lafayette policemen. All eleven men had been drafted out of their professional ranks and had been persuaded to enroll in the University with the staggering task of attending one course during the duration of the football season. It all started when ex-President Smart decided way back in 1887 that Purdue should do something about this rapidly-growing game of football by having a team of its own. The following year two Princeton graduates, well known for their football fame, were signed to come to Purdue to coach and to start building up a football team. After losing every scheduled game in 1888 and appalled by the ^allness of the Purdue men, the two coaches, Snake Ames and P A Oonaldson, decided that something should be done. Win Or Else—1889 When the next football season rolled around, the Purdue squad looked entiiely different Attired in new black and gold uniforms, colors which Ames and Donaldson had brought with them from Princeton, were eight brawny riveter s from the local Monon shops, and thiee “flatfoots” from the local force; truly a bunch of boilermakers. It Stuck Boilei maker, a term now famous throughout the nation, is a fitting tribute to the men who started the University of Puidue on the road to athletic supremacy which it now knows.
Tau Beta Pi
... all engineering honorary, announces the pledging of* the following men: Seniors: R. E. Appleyard, S. G. Best, A. S. Boksenbom, N. H. Brubaker, L. B. Counterman, J. 0. Davis, J. H. Dean, J. A DeShong, O. Duckworth, H. F. Fishburn, J. M. Geist, F L. Granger, W. J. Harris, L. M. Heath, E. E. Heston, L. L. Holmes, R. E. Howards, H. H. Ku, T. H. Ku, H. B. LaForce, D. G. Malcolm, J. I. Meranda, J. E. Nitsche, C A. Rasmussen, H. E. Schooley, C I^. Simmons, M. Sittig, H. L Timms, F A. Wanzenberg Juniors, F. E. Reese, G. F. Montgomery, R J. Taylor. Reese, being the highest ranking junior engineering student, is designated as the Wilbur Scholar, and leceives free initiation into the organization. Forestry Club Plans Open Meeting Today University and high school students, conservation and 4-H club membeis, and the general public are invited by club officials to attend the annual open meeting of the Purdue Forestry Club to be held Tuesday evening, December 6, in the auditorium of the Purdue Horticulture building. The high note of the evening will be an address by Howard H. Michaud, well known chief naturalist for the seven Indiana state parks. Michaud, a biology instructor for the North Side Ft. Wayne high school, is a graduate of Indiana University and holds membership in the Indiana Academy of Science, Indiana Audubon Society, Wilsons’ Ornithological Club, Inland Bird Banding Association, and is chairman of the Northern Indiana Biology Teachers’ Association. Among the changes in the guide service since Michaud has taken charge are special auto tours, lectures and motion pictures on natulal history, lecoids of bird nesting, and a nature museum at McCormick’s Cieek and Turkey Run. Theie will be no charge of admission foi the illustrated lecture Michaud will give at the open meeting-.
Union Ballroom Not Finished; Davis Will Still Play For Dance Due to late developments the new ballroom will not be ready for dedication Friday, the night of the Union formal, as previously announced. However, Johnny “Scat” Davis and his orchestra will occupy the bandstand for the evening’s entertainment At that time he will bring his entire show with him from the Blackhawk in Chicago, where he has 1 ecently finished a long engagement. Johnny is well known to the University eds and co-eds for he IS a Hoosiei boy who made good in Hollywood The Union Formal marks the opening of Union week which will show all the various activities and extra-curricular work which makes the Union a necessary building on our campus Tickets for the dance will be on sale at the west desk of the Union for $1.60 Foot Clinic Starts Program Of Corrective Treatment Holding the first session of its foot chmc last Thursday under the direction of Professor Marion Russell and Miss Hazel Smith, the department of physical education for women continued its policy of corrective physical education. / The clinic meeting every Tuesday at 4 p. m. in the corrective room of the Women’s Gymnasium, is free to all women on the campus. Girls who have had trouble with painful feet are particularly urged to take advantage of the clinic. Foot examinations are given and treatmeivt is suggested and given if desired. Therapeutic work of this nature has accomplished marked results in other circles, but so far as it is known, Purdue is the first university to sponsor a foot clinic. J. N. Arnold . . will address a meeting of the local organization of the AIEE tomoiiow at 7 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building His subject will be “Use of Nomographic Charts.” This subject was taken up at the AIEE convention at Minneapolis this fall, and such interest was evinced that the campus organization arranged for fui ther investigation of the subject.
MaiiI
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FfRST RUN HITS
“The Best Prison Picture Hollywood Has Given the World" —Hollywood Spectator
— PLUS — FRANKIE DARRO — IN—IRISH LUCK
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
As you sit down at the breakfast table this morning and dunk your carbon toast in the black lye water, do not fear that the B&B will tell you (and your friends) just what you did last Saturday night... we realize that you have probably heard from other sources that you were out on the loose. —B & B— RENDEZVOUS at the RENDEZVOUS Brownie’s colleagues down at Bloomington made the Purduites feel right at home. Yes, indeedy, when we stuck our head out from under a table we saw some very familiar sights. Our bleary eyes came to rest on none other than the “Kappa Cousins,” T-Berry and Vi Peterson . . . but their escorts were the true loves rfom the home town. Have you changed your ways or was that smile due to your date, Treva? —B & B— The membership of Tappa Nu Keg was in full presence . . . Bryant, Wickard, Sharkey, Alexander, Rectenwall, Eckstein and the rest of the Blazer lads and lassies . . . everyone else was at the Stardust or the Union. —B & B— We were informed from a good source that DeWitte took his good suit to Blomington with him for use after the game . . . well, chum, you can go to I. U. more often now . . . just so you can still back those Tuesday classes. —B & B— . . and there was Bob Bailey as though he were in a fog and just because that little blonde was not there with him. —B & B— SUCKED IN AGAIN! Peg Little has done it again . . . the same girl, the same pin and the same fellow attached to the pin . . . why not do something new and different, Peg? The rest of you fellows will just have to turn the crank again. —B & B— . . . and Mary Masgold is fresh back fiom Iowa and newly conquered men. Don’t forget our footballeis, Mary . . . we DID beat Northwestern —B & B— Fishies, fishies in the brook. How they look, and look, and look Like the students at Purdue My sister has no horse. —Changed. —B & B— . . we did beat INDIANA . . . or did we? Boxers Will Meet Today In Room 104 Of Fieldhouse All University students wishing to become more adept in the art of self defense will meet this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 104 in the Fieldhouse Boxers will be divided into two classes, novice and advanced. A large turnout of potential boxers is asked by Joe Benna, boxing instructoi, in order to begin plans for the 1940 edition of the Golden Gloves team.
Gasoline costs as much as 76 cents a gallon in some countries.
it-ae ^
‘If the Beaver Patrol gets wind of this, Pll never live it down.
I WBAA —^Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:16—Sam Hamilton, pianist. ll:30-^The Home Makers, Budgeting the Income. 11:60—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12:16—Music Box. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Song Time. 1:00—^The Monitor Views the News 1:16—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Waltz Interlude. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Community Program. 2:15—Virginia Reed, violinist. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2.46—Pleasure Chest. 3:00—The Voice of Industry. 3:16—Paul Mitchell, popular songs 3‘30—Glenn Paxton, organist. 3:46—Afternoon Music. 4:00—Heralds of Destiny. 4-15—Exponent of the Air. 4:30—Jane Caldwell, soprano. 4:45—Story Book Hour. Hamilton College is publishing a seven-volume survey of its educational set-up.
WPA Supervisor Describes Opportunity For Students Ruth A. Kirkpatrick, Supervisor,. Works Project Administration of Indiana, announced the opening of an adult education project in which Purdue students will have the opportunity to learn shorthand, typing, and bookkeeping without cost, in their spare time. Classes are being offered at the Jefferson High School from 7 to 9 on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday evening each week, without cost to students who are interested in learning one or more of these subjects. Students who are interested in obtaining further information cpnceming this work, should phone 5096.
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
CRARIIE CHAN IN RENO
SIDNEY TOLER A 20th C«nlury-Vex Pk*ui«
— AND — THE FEUD MAKER' — WITH — BOB STEELE —AUO — “RED BARRY," SERIAL
OARRYL f.>ZANU<X*5 pw4u<;t)0« of
AUHCIHE
m TECHNICQLOlIt
CteEIT-FOll
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
THE SCREEN’S CROWNING ACHIEVEMENT!
IN TECHNICOLOR .wth OLIVIA DEHAVILLAND — EXTRA — DAVE RANKIN in PARAMOUNT NEWS ALI,-AMERICAN
NEWS PICTURES OF THE PURDUE-INDIANA GAME
LUNA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL FEATURES
Glaiie TREVOR
DICK FORAN HENRY ARMETTA VICTOR IORY
PLUS ... A LAUGH RIOT!
i>i'
! S' * fi-
Tuesday, November 28# 1939
» #
As Champs; Boilermakers Finish Third Upsets, iron-man performances, and the usual galaxy of high calibre ball carriers has set aside the concluded Big Ten season as one of the most unpredictable seasons of late years. Last September sports writers pointed to Michigan, Northwestern, and Purdue as the most formidable squads. Two months of first-class com-r ' m i ■ ' petition discovered the flaws of the gon. Victories over Purdue, Notre favored teams, however, and some Dame and Minnesota, besides a 7-7 of the teams which, the scribes tie with Northwestern, all in sucdoomed to the Second division came cessive week-ends is a feat that to the front. A peek at the season’s no coach would scorn, final standings shows the Wildcats Bernie Sad contented with fourth place and ... the Wolverines occupying filth po- „ “ a dwappomtmg season sition. Only the Boilermakers came f” Bierman, vvhose ^renthrongh in any form resembling molly dangerons Gophers landed m j. .. seventh place, next behind Illinois, preuictions. __ the team which lead the way to Lack of Pubucity Michigan’s downfall. Indiana, CHIt seems that when publicity for cago, and Wisconsin followed in a capable squad fades, the result- that order. ing effect is a top-notch ball-club. Many fans will undoubtedly be At least it was veritable in the rehashing the Big Ten season case of Ohio State this year. In throughout the winter. But probprevious years the colorful Buck- ably the most agreeable solution eyes have been thrust to the skies to the relative strength of the conin pre-season forecasts, only to find ference teams is as follows: themselves locked away from the W L T Pet. title at the end of the seaspn. But Ohio State 6 10 .833 an tmheralded Francis Schmidt Iowa 4 11 .800 squad hit its long desired stride this Purdue .^... 2 1 2 .667 fall and marched to its first clear Northwestern ........... 3 2 1 .600 title since 1920. Michigan 3 2 0 .600 An Iowa team, studded with men Illinois ...................... 3 3 0 .500 of 60-minute strength, hoisted the Minnesota 2 3 1 .400 Hawkeyes from last year’s eighth Indiana 2 3 0 .400 position to runerup honors with the Chicago 0 3 0 .000 aid of its new coach, Eddie Ander- Wisconsin 0 6 1 .000
potfloh\.
MADE IN U.S.A.
WeVe glad to announce that the smart new Fall ties are here! Famous for their styling and hand craftsmanship, they knot perfectly, drape gracefully and hold their shape. Their rich, beautiful color combinations, and distinguished indifference to wrinkles make them the tie of the hour. Come in and choose from our broad Fail seJfection.
Men^s Shop
Street Floor
By Robert J. Deckard Purdue’s Boilermakers defeated Indiana’s Cream and Crimson, 7 to 6, last Saturday in Bloomington and kept the Old Oaken Bucket for another year . . . Yep, that’s old stuff today and all that remains of this torrid classic is enough food for argument until next year’s usually “crucial” “battle of the year” between the Hoosier schools. —^fc— PC’s “food for argument” is today in the form of statistics, which incessantly are vital to barroom quarterbacks, and give the hosts last Saturday a decided advantage . . . Some people think differently on this item. ; ^fC’ Take a look at ’em . . . and decide for yourself... In the aerial department Indiana excelled over the Boilermakers by completing 13 out of 27 attempts for an enormous yardgainage of 217 yards . . . The Boilermakers attempted four, completed two, and made 41 yards . . . Not bad to have an average of 10.26 yards per attempt, or 20.6 yards per successful pass. . ' —— ... This was partially offset by the - Riveters in yards gained on running plays which mounted to 174 versus lU’s 98 . . . But the Cream and Crimson eleven offset this by garnering 316 against PU’s 215 ... Total yards ga:ined from all formations yielded 380 for the downstaters and 291 for the upstaters.
Ward 24,1-0, To Win TouchbailTournamenf In the final game of the interward touchball tournament last Wednesday Ward 24 was defeated by Cary Hall, 1 to 0. The game actually ended in a scoreless tie, but according to the touchball rules, at the end of a scoreless regulation game, the ball is put into play at the mid-stripe, alternately allowing each team one down until both teams have had a total of four downs. At the end of the series of downs the team within the other’s territory is awarded a technical victory. When the game ended Cary Hall had advanced five yards into the,territory of Ward 24.
Indiana’s passing effectiveness may be noted in the “First Downs By Passing” column . . . Here BoMcMillin’s gridironers slapped off 10 first downs to Mai Elward's pigskinners one ... Again the Boilermakers offset something else, this being first downs negotiated via the rushing department. . . PU 9, lU 6. —fc—: Then we go on down to the column labeled “Touchdowns” . . . . Purdue t, Indiana 1 ... A little farther we find the “Points After Touchdo-wn” column Therein lies the story and the ultimate result: Purdue 1, Indiana 0. —fo— And then the last column: Score: PURDUE 7, INDIANA 6. WHEE!
NEW ADULT BALLROOM BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, DEC, 6rti, 7:30 P. M. In/ten easy enjoyable lessons you will learn fo dance the waltz, and the fast and slow fox trot. No lessons given during holiday vacation. All classes are under the direction of P. M. Allen, National Dance Authority.
ALLEN’S
6th O' Ferry
F-S-S-t /
W HEN you're seized with .an ungovernable desire to "beat it out" to the latest dance hits, or when your insatiable appetite for the classics asserts itself, be sure to have on hand the records which will more than adequately do justice to either mood. You have, in Lyon & Healy's a source of record supply to make your library of discs second to none on the campus. All the latest releases by Victor, Bluebird, Decca, Vocalion, Columbia and Brunswick ... to say nothing of the attractive album sets. And if you sing ... or fuss around with the piano... we have your sheet music supply, too.
LYON & HEALY
McLEAN MUSIC STORE
514 Mcdn St.
. Phono 7917
Brock, Montague Get Necessary Points For Third Straight Victory Over Indiana, 7-6 Disaster was averted by the narrow margin of a place kick by Fred Montague for the third time this year when the quarterback added the extra point which gave the Boilermakers a 7-6 victory over the Hoosiers in Saturday’s fifteenth Old Oaken
Bucket game.
Monty had previously place kick- ' . '' -
ed the_ field goal which defeated Northwestern 3-0, and added the tying point in the second game of the season against the Gophers after Byelene’s touchdown run in the last five minutes of play.
Hoosiers Start Fast
Indiana drove across the midstripe three times in the first quarter, but was forced to punt on two of the drives and fumbled after the other. When the Boilermakers recovered that fumble on their own 37 and made eight yards on the next series of plays it was the farthest they had been in the first period. Once more at the start of the Secon quarter the Hoosiers carried the ball into Gold and Black territory, 'and twice the Riveters got past the 50, once reaching the Indiana 40
before fumbling.
While the first half itself was very close, the excitement broke forth as the third quarter began. DeWitte took the kickoff on the 18 and carried it back to the 36 before being dropped by Gahm and Sabol. DeWitte’s momentum carried over into his next attempt, in which he piled over right tackle for seven
yards to the 43. Brown Away
Brock dropped back on the next play and threw a pass to Jack Brown, who caught the ball on the Crimson 46 yard line, was' hit hard on the 41, but broke loose and followed Fred Montague to the Indiana 26 yard line, where he was stopped by Harris. | Two plays gained a yard, then Brock again took the ball, carrying it over left tackle and down to the Indiana 14 yard line before Dumke tackled him. Brown picked up tw<!> more yards, then Brock tried a pass ■ to Rankin, but Dumke knocked it down. On the next' play Brock went across the same left tackle for seven more yards, but it was inches short of a first do-wn and it took another run by Brock to give the Boilermakers a first down on the Indiana one yard line.
18-Inch Penalty
Indiana was penalized “five yards” on the next play, but the rules call for the penalty when more than the distance to the goal to be half that distance, so the referee measured off the 18 inches
with his foot and put the ball down little more than the ball's length
from the end zone.
Brock may have lost an inch on the next play, the ball returning to about the same spot, but on the next play Brown advanced it a few inches so that it was resting practically on the goal line. Brock saved the officials embarassment by sweeping wide around left end for a touchdown standing up, and Montague converted to give the Boilermakers a 7-0 lead which was chipped down to a one-point margin
early in the last quarter.
The Hoosiers came back immediately with a spirited drive which took them to the Boilermakers 27 where they lost the ball on downs. Brooks returned the kickoff from the one yard line to the 19, then, along with Hursh and Dumke, carried and passed the ball to the point
where they lost it on downs.
Hursh Pulls Chain
Brown punted shortly after the
last period opened, and Hu^ch returned the ball five yards to the Indiana 26. Hursh then tlurew a pass which Shackleton grounded, then, in less than two minutes, flipped three more, all complete, to Brooks, Rucinski and Brooks in order for the remaining 75 yards and a touchdown which sent the 26,000 spectators to the edge of their seats awaiting the outcome of the extra
point attempt. It fell wide. Each team had one more con-
certed drive, the Boilermakers reaching the opposite 44 yard line, and Indiana working its way 37 yards to the Gold and Black 29, from where Hursh tried a drop kick for three points, but that one was also lacking and the game ended
a few plays later. .
BASKETBALlr—Today
Court 1—Brinduse.
7 :00—Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
-15—Faculty vs. Kappa Sigma.
8:16—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Chi.
Court 2—Swing.
7:00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Chi Rho. ^ -15—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8:16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa.
8:30—Sigma Nu vs. Acacia.
Court 3—^Rechenbach.
7:00—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7:16—Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kapi>a Delta Rho. 8:16—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
8:30—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Court 4—-Witsman. 7:30—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Triangle. 7:46—Delta Chi vs. Beta Signna Psi. 8:30—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Tau.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER and Ferry Lafayette
^ A gift of ^lory PARFUM XvvbUcA-tJf • One of the most famous perfumes of the day ! A gay and glamorous fragrance by Lucien Lelong, admired by everyone. She will be proud of the lovely bottle on her dressing table—where it will make her think of you. $ 3
☆
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477p^ir- .- - . *■“' • • > - - .,■ A • ^ ' ■' .Jlr; v:-;, '■ X
i-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, November 28, 1939
Professor
who wish can meet in the Union at 10:89 p. m. or in front of the show at 11 p. m. —MITCHELL.
. . . Norbert Wiener, of Massa-* chusetts Institute of Technology, vill address the physics seminar at 7:30 in the lecture room of the Physics building tonight. The subject of his talk will be “New Methods in Statistical Mechanics.” Professor Wiener is one of the leading authorities in mathematics in this country and has made numerous contributions, both to mathematical theory and theoretical physics. Prof. F. R. Hall ... of the history, economics and government department will give the second of a series of lectures on “International Affairs” before a meeting sponsored by Epsilon of Tri Kappa tonight in Duncan Memorial Hall. A round table discussion will follow the lecture.
Columbia University’s estimated resoui’ces are $158,314,167.
Silver Mask: All members please attend meeting at 7 :15 p. m. in old Chestnut room Tuesday, November 28. —^NEPTUNE.
Catalyst Club: Meet at the Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7 :30 p. m., Wednesday, Novertber 29. All men who can drive and take a load of fellows please come. Refreshments will be served. —OMOHUNDRO.
an important meeting of my staff at 4 p, m. Tuesday November 28, in room F. —BROOD.
Civil Engineering building.
-LOMMEL.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, November 80, in Reception room of the Union. Bring flight dues. —MILLER,
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, November 29, in room F of the Union at 7:30 p. m. All members and pledges please be present. —McCAMMON.
Student Senate: Meeting Tuesday, November 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room A. Sophomore workers be present. —FISHBURN.
Sophomore Union Workers; There will be
Scabbard and Blade: All members and pledges. Important meeting Wednesday, November 29, at 7 p. m. in the Armory. —OLSON. CE 6 Students: Examination for the removal of 0 or I grades in Surveying (CE 6) will be given on Saturday, December 2. Students may obtain permits in Room 102,
Dolphin Pledges: Initiation fees must be paid to me before Friday, December 1. —COLBY.
Lutheran Students; A meeting of the L, S. A. will be held in the old Agriculturist office in the Union at 7:1B p. m., Thursday, November 30. —HALL.
Scabbard and blade: Important meeting of all members and pledges Wednesday, December 29, at 7:80 p. m. Place to bo designated later. Watch bulletin board in Armory. —OMON. ASME Juniors and Mopnomores; Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co. Thursday afternoon, November 80, please sign up in Prof. Cope’s office. Group will be limited to 20. —VOYLES,
PIA Dance Class: Meeting Tuesday, November 28, at 7 p. m. at the Women’s Gym. All co-eds are invited. —LUTZ.
Radio Club; Meeting Tuesday, November 28, in room 254 of EE building. Meeting will begin at 7:30 p. m., and everyone is invited to attend. —PITCHER.
Gold Peppers:' Meeting at 5 p. m. Tuesday, November 28, in old Chestnut room. Attendance imperative. —CREPPS, PETICREW.
Triton Club: Aquacade practice Tuesday, November 28, at 7 :30 p. m. at the Women’s Gym. —SPEARS.
Delta Rho Kappa: There will be a recreation meeting for both pledges and actives Wednesday, November 29, at 7:30 p. m. in the old Agriculturist Office. —ESTEY.
Camera Club: All prints to be entered in the fall exhibit must be turned in to the Student Union office by 6 p. m. Tuesday, November 28. Prints will be judged Tuesday night. —HEDDEN.
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, November 28, in the Reception room of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Kodak, F 4.5 compur shutter, built-in timen, 2%x4%. Cheap. Call 66753. Raymond. LOST AND FOUND
A. 1. Ch. E.: Membership cards and student chapter bulletins may be obtained in Professor Shreve’s office. (12-4) —MEYERS. Wesley Foundation: The Wesley Foundation will hold its second roller skating party on Saturday evening, December 2. Games will begin at the Foundation at 8:30, followed by refreshments. Tickets are 25 cents but will be free to all who bring cars. Those wishing to go should sign at the Foundation House, 435 State St.' as soon as possible. —HARRIS.
lost—A small gold signet ring, initials D. O. Reward. Call 2694.
Notices Na notice* will b* accepted after • p. ».
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. at the Phi Psi house Tuesday, November 28. —BELLES.
Riding Club: There will be a meeting Thursday, November 30, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. Please bring 75 cents for Debris pictures. A new rule for attendance has been made. In order to remain a member one must attend' at least four meetings a semester. —MEYER.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, November 28, at 7 p. rn. in room F of the Union. Attendance compulsory. —LILLY.
Student Engineering Council: Meeting with Dean Potter in his office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, November 29. —CATTERALL.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main '* Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Hardware
• Florists
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
GOT A DATE?
A date on your shirt will insure a big "date" on your engagement calendar whenever you want one. Girls simply can't resist men who wear smarter, neater looking "Dated Laundered Shirts".
Next Time
"Shim
. . . you get a new shirt, send it here for laundering and dating. Then ... if you send it here only, we guarantee that it will wear a full year. If it wears out before then, a brand new one free. "Dated Laundered Shirt" quality care means NEWER looking shirts always!
Insured Moth Proofing
CROWN Launclrq -Drq Cleanitiii Phone 4073 '
Agriculturist: Meeting of assistants of business staff of Purdue Agriculturist in Engineer office at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 28. —WITHAM.
Ceres: Informal initiation and pledge test for Ceres pledges will be held Tuesday November 28, at 4 p. m. in room 209, Ag Hall. Pledges bring full boxes. Actives please be there. —WITHAM. Exponent Staff: There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff Thursday, November 30, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. ■—INSLEY. Camera Club Members: All entry blanks are available now at the west desk of the Union. Tuesday, November 28, is the last day to enter the contest. ■—HOFFER. PEW Physical Education Classes; All freshman and sophomore women must have had their posture pictures taken by 5 p. m. Tuesday, November 28. —HAZELTON. WAA Volleyball Tournament: Schedule for November 28 and 29: Tuesday, November 28: West WRH "A” vs. Kappa, 4 p. m,; West WRH "B” vs. Thaeles, 4 :30 ; Pi Phi vs. South WRH, 4 :46. Wednesday, November 29: Ward 1 vs. ard II, 4 ; Chi Omega vs. Alpha Chi, 4 :30 ; Pedalion vs. Alpha Vi, 4 :45. —WALKER. YWCA Cabinet: Meet Tuesday, November 28, at 4 p. m. in the office. Recognition service on Thursday, November 30, at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. —COOLEY.
Cyclists : Important meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, November 28, in room 108 of ME building. Everybody welcome. —CARSON.
Gold Peppers: Everybody out for the football show Tuesday, November 28. Those
and Better Taste because of its Right Combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos The real reason more and more smokers are asking for Chesterfield is because chesterfield’s right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos gives them a better smoke... definitely milder, cooler and better-tasting. For real smoking pleasure . , . you can’t buy a better cigarette.
Milder for Mill/ons Milder for Ybv
Copyright 1959, Liggbtt & Mybrs Tobacco Co.