*!- vx / r ^ '^1 ix h ’w )'
it} "t '‘■^
Si
L 4 ^ 1 ^
\W
l£fA
i t
^4^ I 1 inistration
\
tudy As
Exponent War Platform
(An Editorial)
America today is fighting for its lif? This is no holiday, it's war to the death It IS one of the obligations of citizenship, which devolves upon all students, that we support our war effort eU'her to the end of Japanese and German militarism or to the end of the United States itself It is imperative that all of us uiiderstand the issues we are fighting for, the goals toward which all our efforts will be directed, and the seriousness of the crisis As Its platform the Exponent setsXrth the following points 1 We must realize that this is not a war with Japan alone, but also with Germany and Italy This is more than a Japanese assault, It IS an Axis attack—part of a World War 2 America should declare war upon Germany. 3 We should understand that this is not a two-months lark. W^ are in a battle that will last four, five, or six years America li not fighting Japan alone, but the whole of the Axis forces 4 Civil liberties should be preserved. It does not follow that because of hostilities we must abolish free opinion We must avoid hysteria, now is not the time for the "witch hunts" so characteristic of the first World War 5 We must immediately plan a post war policy of free trade and equal access to all resources by all countries 6 Students should take full advantage of the facilities of fered at Purdue University so that they are well prepared to perform the services needed when and as called 7 Students must not become panicky, but must realize that during the present emergency, as well as the years following the war, there will be great need for large numbers of men and women trained m the sciences The Exponent
xftJ04te4ii
Believe U.S.
Faces Lonf, Hard Battle
Volume 53, No. 74
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December 9, 1941
Unity, Loyalty, Good Sense—Elliott
W. H. Winterrowd, Alumni President, Dies From Injuries
To The Students Of Purdue:
Baldwin Vice PresidentME School Graduate
Annual Welding Conference Opens
Local High Schools Will Present'House
Thursday In Shops
Of Magic' ThisWeek
EndcavpiinR to bung togethei at the Univeibity a group of men inteiested m the latest develop ments and lioSsibihties of welding in its vaiious forms, the seven teenth annual University Conlei ence (Jtt Wlgldlng will be held heie Thursday and Friday of this week This confeience will be held under the diiectioii of the University’s departments of geneial engineci iiig and the engmeeiing extension department ^n cooperation with the manufacturers and users of welding equipment Gas, Electric Featured Featured on the program of the conference will be electric and oxy aqetylene welding Manufactui ers of equipment have been invited to send equipment, and lectures and demonstrations will be held The cohfeienCe will open Thuisday, foienoon, with the intioduc lion of exhibitors in Michael Gold th Shops In the afteinoon, R B Jewett, of the Linde An Pioducts Co, will speak on The Care and Maintenance of Oxy Acetylene Welding Equipment ’ L W Dun ham, managei of piioiittes ol the E C Atkins Co , will discuss ‘ Pii oiities affecting the Welding Shop Fnday moining Lt J C Skinner, R C Kqhlmeyei and Howard Ungei tvlll speak on the training of weld eis R F Helmkamp and A H Yoeh ol the An Reduction Sales Co will close the confeience in the aft einoon with talks on “Machine Gas Cutting for National Defense ’ Spe eial demonstrations will be ai langed picceding and following each session
An outstanding feature of the World’s Fan, “The House of Mag ic,” will be presented in the Jefferson High school auditoiium Thurs day of this week, twice in the aft einoon and once i" the evening, and at the West Lafayette Junioi High school on Piiday evening This show IS an exhibition of discover les made in the leseaich lab 01 atones of the General Electric Company It acquaints the public with the type of industrial reseaich being earned on in the company’s Schenectady, New York, laboia tones C E Gluesingboth scientist and magician, will direct the show
PE 9 Convocation
The Indiana State Board of Health and the University division of physical education for men are cooperating in bringing to students m Personal Living, PEM 9, a movie convocation tomorrow' at 4 p m m Eliza Fowler Hall The films which will be shown hare been especially selected by the state boaid for use in in structing groups about problems of Personal Living, and concern digestion and venereal diseases All student taking Peisonal Liv ing are expected to attend c d w
Word was received heie yestei day of the death in Philadelphia of William H Winterrowd, president of the Purdue Alumni Associ ation and vice president in charge of opeiations of the Baldwin Locomotive Woiks of Philadelphia It IS believed that his death came as a result of injuiies suffered last week in an automobile accident Winterlowd, who was born in Hope, Ind, on April 2, 1884, was one of the University’s distinguished giaduates and had long been active in alumni affaii s He was graduated from the School of Mechanical Engmeeiing m 1907 In 1936, as a result of his outstand ,ing eontiibutions to engmeeiing, notably in the lailroad field, he received the honoiaiy dcgiee of Doctoi of Engineering Services Tomorrow According to word leceivod heie this morning, funeral seivices will be held at Biyn M iwi (Pa ) Pies byteiian Church tomoiiow afteinoon at 2 o’clock Funeial services will be held Thursday moining it Hope, Indi ana The following telegram was sent to Mrs Winterrowd by President Elliott MRS ELLIOTT AND I SHARE WITH YOU AND MARION" AND JANE THIS HOUR OF YOUR GREATEST GRIEF PURDUE UNIVERSITY AND THE NA TION ARE DENIED THE LIGHT OF HIS UNSELFISH LEADER SHIP AND THE INSPIRING NOBILITY OF HIS CHARACTEIR I WILL ATTEND THE SERVICES ON WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON IN BRYN MAWR
A fateful decision has been made. The nation is at war. Many sOrious days are ahead for each of us. No one appreciates, more than I do, your disturbance of mind and spirit. However, during the present hours of nktional shock and personal confusion, one thing is clear. Now is the time to furnish proof of our unity and our loyalty. Until it is known just what your new duties are to be, your exclusive business is to tend strictly to your usual business as students. This means chins up, heads clear, and firm brakes upon tempers and tongues. Youth such as you are going to be needed by the country as never before. You will show good sense by not being too impatient, but by waiting for proper advice as to your next duties. Next Monday morning at eleven o’clock a special University convocation will be held in the Hall of Music. Mr. W. L. Batt, who has been announced as the speaker, cannot be here on account of his war emergency duties in Washington. At this convocation I am hoping to discuss the matters now of prime importance to the entire University. Meanwhile, stand by, firmly resolving to meet any demand note of service the nation presents to the skilled and the courageous.
Varsity Debate Teams Will Meet Illinois Here
Twice Today In Union
University varsity debate teams will meet teams fiom Illinois and Ohio State here on the campus to day and tomorrow This afternoon at 4 p m in the east faculty lounge of the Union, the University team, composed of Maurice Udes and William Swager speaking in the affiimative, will debate the Illinois team on the question, “Resolved That the United States should require every able bodied male citizen to have one year of full time military training before attaining the present diaft age ” Negatives^Go Into Action In the evening at 7 30 p m the University’s negative foiensic team made up of George Picha and Robert Weiss will debate the same question with the affii mative team irom Illinois On tomorrow evening at 7 30 p m in the auditoiium of the Home Economics building Ohio State’s negative team will provide the opposition when they debate the Uni veisity’s team on the same question of militaiy training
+ Late War Bulletins + Playshop Gives
• Unidentified Planes Over Golden Gate At 10 10 (C S T ) last night the 12th Naval District announced that 60 unidentified planes had been sighted somewhere over the Pacific in the vicinity of the Golden Gate Bridge
2nd Production Tonight, 7:30
9 Japs Occupy Guam, Wake It seems a certainty that Japanese infantry forces have occupied Guam and Wake, two key United States possessions in the Pacific
• Australia Enters Conflict The Canberra government announced last night that Australia was formally at war with Japan
Winterrowd had been elected president ot the alumni association foi a three yeai teim in the spimg of 1939 aftei serving as vice presi dent of the oiganization foi the lour pievious yeais Foi some years, he had given two cash awards for the best student col ^ettions of books, and several yeais (Continued on page 4)
• 'Economically Prepared'—Washington < Washington monetary officials said last night that the Government was economically prepared tor the conflict They stated that American banking was in as sound a position as it has been for some time, but warned that additional taxes must be levied to cope with the crisis
• Bangkok Withdraws From War Japanese tones have occupied Thailand and announce that the Bang kok goveinment has withdrawn from the war
• Tokyo Blacks Out Expecting retaliation from Allied planes, Japanese officials ordered that Tokyo be blacked out last night
Steen To Speak At Ceres
Sigma Nu
Meeting Thursday Night
• Japanese Exit From Mexico? An untonfii med report last night said that a Japanese ship had landed on the west coast ot Mexico to transport Nipponese nationals to the home land
Dr. J. Holmes Martin of the depaitment ot poultry husbandly, will go to Elgin, 111, December 12, to visit the Bordtn Laboratoiies Pi of R E Roberts and Ml E P Beiiy will accompany him
social fiateiiiity announces the initiation of Robcit Abbott, Elk hart, Charles Ainswoith, Eoiest Park, 111 , Donald Case, Canandai gua, N Y , William Hammer, Fort Worth, Texas, Lavein King, Ciown Point, Kenneth Klosson, Kenmoie, N Y , Veicoe Jones, Jenkintowfi, Pa , Chailes Macintosh Tipton William Neuman, Indianapolis, Peter Schwab, Maiiemont Ohio, Charles Sciipps, Evanston, 111 , Eiank Wabiszcwski, Milwaukee, Wis
Heiman Steen, director of the Wheat Floui Institute, will speak on “What Happens to Wheat After Harvest” at an open meeting of Ceies jn loom 363 of the Union at 7 30 p m Thursday Eveiyone is invited to attend Steen, a graduate of Iowa State College, tor twelve yeais has done editorial woik on the Des Moines Register and the Piaiiie Faimei Smc» 1929 he has served as vice president and secretary of the Millers’ National Federation si b
• Shanghai, Peiping In Jap Hands Latest repoith last night said that Japanese forces had complete conti^ol of Shanghai and Peiping
• San Francisco Blacked Ouf San Francisco was completely blacked out last night alter one scare from 60 unidentified planes
• Lindbergh, Lewis, Green Back FDR Colonel Chailes A Lindbergh John L Lewis and William Green stated last night that they were solidly behind President Roosevelt m this emergency and called upon other national leaders, as well as the entire populace, to lend their siippoit
With the raising of the curtain this evening at 7 30, Robert Sherwood’s “Petrified Forest” begins a four day run in Fowler Hall Ac cording to Playshop officials, only a few seats are still available for tomorrow, Thursday and Friday eve nings, a good selection of tickets remains for tonight’s peifoimance The plot concerns the interruption of the peace of a lonely desert filling station and lunchroom by a gang of bandits Playing the role of Gaby Maple, a waitress at the lunchroom, js Janet Decker Also in a leading part, Don Giaciei takes the chaiacter of Alan Squires, a young sophisticate who sedks peace in the Petrified Forest TLe play has already had one showing at the debate confeience December 5 Staff ChaWmen Those assisting director William Deam, and rehearsal assistant Mary Alice Miller, are Merle Keck, stage manager, Meyer Evanson, master carpenter, Marianna Duke, properties chairman, Roberta Walkei, costume chairman, John Morrison, effects, Leland Fishbeck, master electrician, Mary Jane Osborn, makeup chan man, Martha Rosencrans, house manager, and Anita Worsley, publicity. Others in the staff are Sid Sterns, John Mingle, Robert Huffman, John Lippert, John Clark, Ruth Dray, Grant Fielden, Dorothy Murphy, Jack Low, Robert Dupkey, Bernard Berman, Arthur Barch, John Jones, William Lester, George Zissis and Robert Cederholm. alw
By John Traugott Exponent News Editor America is at war. And as the isolation-intervention chasm closed sharply and became meaningless, students and faculty had one question: how will war effect Purdue University ? Administrative officers either knew little or would say nothing about their knowledge yesterday. But several significant facts weie apparent as the Exponent went to press last night. Of immediate interest to students was President Elliott’s announcement yesterday morning that William L Batt, OPM official and a member of the recent United States mission to Russia, will not spedk at the all University convocation at 11 am next Monday Batt, a Univeisity graduate, telephoned Piesident Elliott that his duties in the nation’s war effoit would preclude any possibility of his leaving Washington Convo Will Be Held The President said, however, the “defense,” now war, convo would be held at the scheduled time and that he and other speakers would discuss the student’s obligations in the wai The immediate reaction of the University Administration was that Americans were in for a long war, perhaps five years or more. That the University is a school for much needed technicians and that it consequently would continue to function much-as before, was a view frequently expressed The following assumptions, though of course unofficial, generally had support frOtn leliable sources 1 The University will cidltiliue to tram technicians with probUbly no shortening of the present fouryear course Men in research Iiel% will continue their present studies. 2 There probably will be no extension of the military trainingj course on the campus for the present This is viewed as a reasonable assumption, though not ofiScial. 3 Campus activities and sodal functions will in all probability be greatly reduced The larger and more expensive social affairs especially are likely to be severely affected 4 The CAA pilot training program will continue on the campus, but will be coordinated with the army and navy Entrance mto the CAA course will be limited to thbse (Who can pass physical examinations similar to those given by the army and navy air corps, and all students taking the training will continue to sign the present pledge to enter the army or navy when needed G Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry, said that a CAA order had been received at the University airport which cancelled temporarily all pilot licenses, except those of transport pilots Meickle said this older would not peimanently affect the campus CAA pilot training program Student confusion was indicated Sunday evening when President Elliott and other memheis of the tlmveisity administration, leceived telephone calls fiom ‘Students efho wanted to know everything from what their particular draft hoard was likely fis^do to whether the Univeisity would be open Monday moining Especially emphasized by all Uhi(Continued on page 4)
Exponents of 1917 Picture War Events Leading Up To First World War Declaration
By John Amos ' It was a little moic thin twenty three years ago that the Senate and the house ol i cpieseniatives ot the United States passed the leso lution “That the stile ot wai be tween the United States and the Impoiial Geiman goveinment whieh has thus been thiust upon the United States is hereby foimally de claiqd ” and'this goveinment became engaged m a struggle with the Cential Powers Heie at the University at that time, we find fiom Exponent’s 1917 files, Piesident Stone was in charge ol the 2,433 students, a thud of whom wei o or ganized in li aie^ities
and clubs Stanley Coiiltei biology building was being built Ads Show 'Ilend Ot I ife Exponent advcitisements showed that the ‘Hula Hula from Hono lulu,’ ‘ the wondciful tie of the ycai ’ the neckweai lage ol the F 1st ’ was loi sale at Jaques and Southwoith’s I owlei Hotel ripened its loof foi dancing, claiming it was the coolest place in Lafayette, and the Luna picsonted Saiah Bern haidt in “Motheis of Fiance” The fust intimation' of interest in the impending Woild War I in which most ot the majoi nations of the woild were embioiled was in the Exponent ot Maich 14, 1917 whcic a stoiy told ol Lieutenant
Kii-kwood an ex membei ot the Civil Engmeeiing Society, address mg a meeting of this oiganization on The Duties of Aimy Engineeis in the Time of Wai ” The next mention of the wai came four days later with a brief aitiele on a tieneh dig ging eouise m Washington taught by an alumnus of the Univeisity War Comes Slowly On Maich 21, an article entitled “America is Vntually at War ’ an nounced that President Wilson was expected to make a statement dui mg the day uiging bettei pjepaied ness and peihaps wai Wilson ap patently made no such speech foi the next mention of wai came a full week latei It stated that Wil
son will still undecided about a wai resolution By Maich 30 war spnit seems to have come to the campus in full foice, for moic than a thud of the fiont page of the Exponent was de voted to Purdue's place should this countiy declaie wai Fust Positive Action The first positive war action was announced on the last day of March An aiticle stated that Batteiy C of the National Guaid needed 100 men to be ready foi the war and a paiade was planned to encOuiage enlistment Stones the following day tell of sevcial Amei leans being killed m attacks by sub sea boats
On Apiil thud Piesident Wilson urged a declaiation of war against Impel lal Geimany and the consciip tion of men The Exponent pub lished the National Anthem in its
enlnety on the tiont page and piesented the campus wai piogiam ‘ Students Only” Convo Wai spiiit lan high the following day when, although the discussion ot war was blocked in both houses of Congicss, President Stone of the University announced a convocation “for students only” to discuss the wai situation “Show Patiiotism by attending the Convo” screamed the largest headlines qf the year on the foi
lowing day This paper, Apiil 5, also announced that the resolution declaring wai against Imperial Gei many had passed the Senate by a vote of 82 to 6 The bill then went to the House of Representatives The Fateful Resolution The papei the following day pub lished the following bulletin “Shoitly aftei 3 o’clock this mom ing, the resolution passed by the Senate, declaiing that a state ot wai exists between the United States and Germany passed the House of repiescntatives by a vote ot 373 to 50 ” Fiom that time on wai was the topic of the day It was decided not to postpone or cancel the Pioni oi
Hailequin show but all were soft pedalled almost to point ot complete abandonmotlt. The cadet coips was given additional drills Parallelisms Many parallelisms will be evident between conditiofts which existl^ then and those that exist todayk Today Arneiica is better prepsi]^^ Hiid consciiption has been m toi ovei a yeai, but this time Aiqej^ ica is fighting a much greater of the woild, a world far advaneed m the methods of modern warfniffe Too Amenca is entering the wat il an eaihei stage, in a world decieased in size because of nrodatil tiansportation
f
i Vij/ K
Mf F«7 vHWp |i
* ^>l^'‘fc 5“*’, '%> ' ^ ' -. ‘ 'i^ie i » ^ ^ ^ W-^ 'i ‘i" , '
‘ ’ ^1..' ' ^ x'%.^. .:
r )
Tuesday, Deeemher 9,\ 194p'jH
T'>'m
mr T^ mt^fi fipj' ft '^m jtf r. . F<l|ta(ie Gxp<i^«itt, pV4}pai'«ition, we hilVe lost MOsjt of .Kj,,. m-» 0»jl;,j^^|istrialize<l I'^gi<>hs. A^^erjci^
jilisfi f fetptesS my fejmipathy to has sympathized with us hud has i^Jf ^meriean fiiends, my school- tiied in every way possible to aid lUi^ct^ 4¥^«1 i^p ^#11 those who ate de- hs. ftut the JapS have done all thfej Uie.d^ioei’jtttie. vj^y pfjUfe? could to friprhten the United State*--
The N;;or^!^s Job, we were iniorme^^as >V6 Were tossed bbdily from, the„ o^ipe, was^ tq inteiView several of the hife‘h school debaters here last week for
. , . . the debate conference, and produce an interesting^ '^W^ America isin themost crit- into,^tvitliholdino this aid. Now they accurate. accotmt of our ^^'fentdr;©^.,-piat »o.
idd positidn in her history. Youy have willfully violated international c^piitr^ has been attacked by the law; they have killed without warn4hps fyhlhojjt % dejelaratio|i..of,war. ina- i . the> bhve willfully destroyed youi Very soon now the United States 4f%ce killed .your heroes. As will be. formally at, wa?;,v^,ith jt^e fd,hU, kimw^^ China has, had the Japs. We, Americans and Chinese, ■S^t^vieuce* that ojf bea^ at- must stand side by side to defeat the by the Japs without previous dictator in Asia. We offer our lives wVrmng,^ in Manchuria in 19-32, in to destroy the Japanese troops and $^*^bai hn 1935, and in Peking in Amei icans help with their Navy
four years we have been to destroy the Jap sailors. I know figrliting: for the it is no fun to be £^t V«)rv, I myself
ijgks^ "bl, pepCe and human exist- have been in the Chinese War zone
en^5 aqd we have outfought the ^nd \ know what wqv is like. Yqu„, ,S'^®PP®«- 5, - t. eiltilHy. Because Ameiica is a gieat my fellow shudente, havq not expeii-.’ fb bight or tfe.n auccessiv-ely du'«k gulps for air, Cpwh^, a peace-loving nation, a ^nced the explosion of bombs and s'he told the Cork that she won 75 cents flipping pendflnaclriitic political institution, try- the resulting terrors. But when war nies in the bus on the way down here. The choir i^ig to help her fellow democracies, has started someone has to end it- ^’"hich sang, af the baiujuet Was^ the i^^st ^eaiitiful shp^has aroused the hatred of ,the And now it is up to you, my Amer- thing she ever heard. She said she might come to
ican fi lends, to see that it is ended right to show the Jpps that thoiy
actions are utterly wrong.
1 know that the United States
fluei- China and to proceed into the friends, let fiwst indies, the United States and together and fight foi- oui
such story ever graced the page? of Ejxpo i?, proof enough that oui adventures lasted u’nttt after^ the ^eadlipe. ( . ^ , . ,, > , , ^ovkihg eti the theory that anything that is too late (because an, int^i eating story ta^fs time) oi, too fragrant for the front page (because it .luighl: not be so good) is none too bad for the Neck^ we
plunged into the spirit of the thing.
,We noted a lovely blond sitting pear the door of the Gteat HaU of thg Union and got her steal ted talking. She told us that she was Jane Post from Central High in South 'l^end, and after ^that we
Jhpe who have long despised her. ipfimier Toyo is the Hitler of Asia Bp, is the dictator of Japan. He will tty in Whatever way he can to conquer' China and to proceed into the Swat Indies, the United States and
th^ whole world.
Such Hitlerism cannot be allowed to exist in the world of peace. Both the United States and China are peaee-loving nations. My people wish to cultivate food foi theii families* te plant vegetables for their chiidi'en and to grow rice for their payhats. Never in history have they had the intention of devising armament&tp kill. Because of oui lack of
the University next year. She was torn between matrimony and a caieer—matrimony if she comes here. Also (he JJnion looked Smaller than last year when
she came down for the conieienee. ^
Theie w'eie three other gii'ls w'lth her and they expiessed their opinions. One of the girls was on a
hts of demociacy. Let us protect South Bend high school paper and she looked like she oui peaceful homes. , f,.,
The news is deeply shock’ng. May 1 express heaity sympathy to all
Americans.
May God bless the United States
and China.'
Your Chinese friend, Cheung Lam-Tai, Junior Aero. Eng.
was hrepaiing to interview us; so we hastily moved on. They weie just going over to see the “Petrified Poiest^’ anyway, so we Warned them about stepping on the Memorial Cross and started looking fbv more victims. found them in the far south west cdfnpr of the lounge, ,tWo of them. One of the girls Wg^ BbttP Copk; we forgot thg girl friend's name. wa? ndne I too, willing to mete out ^nformatipnus, hpcause she said’, that we were the third pair of Exponent men that evening to interview her. (our room male uas along). We couldn’t blame her for being suspicious. But it didn’t matter, for two I.U. boys came in and out-maneuvered us. As we stood talking at the West desk, up Walked two more debaters, feminine and very loyely. Those wcie the kind that the Cork wanted to intervipy^; So we turned on the line. The gals were ^oaime Wright and Bev 'I'horsen from LaPorte High.,, They couldn,‘t seem to find anything very unusual about the place; so we suggested that maybe they could do bettei down in the Sweet Shop in the company of a coke. They thought maybe they cou|,d too. The gills wanted to go bowUng ,antJ we had to wait until afteiwaids to continue the interview (finding that not much could be aocompHshed between flames). The Coik might be,censured here for.wqrkrag on the “interesting story” side of the assignment too much; however it now should become apparent wh> we didn’t get the article in before the sheet went to bed.
The J^atia— 3.03
to I
#
< ^
I After clinching control of IMs- Some time ago a fortune teller trict 50 through the appointment p^-edicted that both proxy John of his daughter and Gagsaway, Strange of the Phi Kappa Sigs and
Lewis launched a big-scale uij-i ionization drive in the rapidly expanding cpke, chemical and munilitions industries. Eor this purpose more than. H)0 of the ablest
CiO organizers were hired.
Shortly thereafter these organizers and the clerical staff of District 5ff were notified that they were being organized into a separate UMW union, Local 12297. All, of course, joined. Whereupon they were informed by Kathryn that she had been elected president of the union and that the
check-off was in effect.
Pi Phi Jane ttumphrejs would be mai lied by the end of the year. Now we heard from Johnny’s brothers that as soon as war was declai’ed. he hopped to the phone and called the Humphrejrs’ house., fimra-m-m. Don’t worry about the army, boys. If you don’t look well in brown, there’s always the naVy. And a Christmas vacation in Hawaii is not
to be sneezed at.
ride part of the way back with them That 0 owd thinks of everything. Bob Giralin of the DU’s bought a ling to give hie gal, Jane Halton, for C^nstmas, hut within ten ni^mutes lUfier she got off the train (when she came to vi^it him last week-end) she was wearing it. No will powoi, Pi Kappa Phi Ernie Morehouse put his pin out on Alpha Chi Bettj Learning the othei day. The list of eligibles ovei theie at the Alpha
Chi’s IS dropping off fast.
Kappa Ann Wickai'd took “Pic” Pickart’s Kappa Sig pin lec-ently. Which pioves you don’t have to be
a Beta to pin a Kappa.
The Sigma Nu’s had a tiade dinner with the Kapphs the othei evening, and as Betty Wedge was leaving, the house manager noticed she was bulkiei in spots than before. He questioned her about it and dis-
Johnny McKee, ATO; Jim Wagner, Kappa Sig;Dave Apple, Belt; Jim Madden, Phi Kappa; Jim Terrill and Bill Maxwell, Lambda Chi. Whew! Look’s like the lineup for today’s game. And no Betas either. Let’s have some more letters, folks.
<• V J-
Well, our steer took first piize, anyway. And it wasn’t a Kappa.
%
Have fun-be friendly Treat yourself and others to fresh-tasting Wrigley’s Spearmint Gum The Flavor Lasts
MW
By Drew PearSdh and Robert S. Allen
Report John L. Lewis ftepares To Bolt CIO/ ^t.Up Hew Faction Wi^hing^fon, Dec 8..—John L. Lewis defied the goveimnent, shut down, an important segment of a vital defense ipdustiy, and bi ought down on the head of all laboi the dia,stie bill passed last week by the House—^all in order to enforce his demand foi the closed shop, which he Q«m>teBds m essential to ensure job -seevuity foi- woikers. Yeti today,! Lewis is firing veteran union employees of an organization he controls because they don’t--see eye to- eye with him on his torrid isolationism. So far 22 have been axed and more aie slated to go. They are 01-
The Union boys really saw to it that they had a good time at their
convention in Nebraska last week. j , n u ..i
All the axed anti-i?olationist or- Roscoe ^t^wk, ttal Kjdght and the ^oveied sjie was cya king hmne with ganizers a.e members of this Lo- ,est the hdys'madcTn acquamt- ^‘’ome of the hou«e s silver. We didn t
ance with a liltle number out there and bought her a lound trip ticket fi om Omaha -to Lincoln so she could
— ANft — Wanderers of frKe WesI — ALSO ^ "SEA RAIDERS" Serial
;anizers aie members of this Lo cal, which has nevei held a convention Qi issued a report, on its fi-
nances
Note; A number of the dismisseej organizers are* cloae friends of CIO President Phil 50 money Murray, who snpparts Ro«?evelt’a activity.
realize the Kappas weie that hard
up.
IS financing this UCW
foreign poUqy. 0ne of them was fired shortly after making a speech before an Ohio nnion ncg•Wg, SBPBUrt of the CfO’s coAventiou endorsement of Roosevelt’s policj. Several hours after his spgeeh the organizer received a long distance caft from Gassa-, way who .shunted, “Don’t yon know thgt you are working for John, Lewis and noit Phil Mur-
raj r
0 district 50 Fund? With coke, chemiiials and munilions pi eduction soaring under the defense piogiam. District 50 mem-
ganlzers, regional diiecters, and the beiship alsq is zooming. So too r
general counsel, for a number of years, of Distiict 50 of the United Mine Workers. Distiict 50 is the chemical, coke, munitions and cosmetics division of the UMW. While a blanch of UMW, actually District uO is a sepamte union—completely under the one-man domination of
Lewis.
Last summei he suddenly lemovfcd the veteian top officers of the union and replaekl them With Ora Gassaway, one of his close lienchmefi, and ICathiyn Lewis, his daughtei. Gassaway, a 'one-time miner,,gets §10,000 a yeai and Kathijn Uewis, hib daughtei, who has never woiked in a mine or factoiy, $7,300.,, The in.SKte story ot the wliolesale fu mgs nqw undei way is a honey.
aie
its dues—into the tieasury controlled by Lewis. What these funds amount to is his secret. There has been no lepoit of either income 0,1 outgo. Distiict 50 insideis charge that big chunks of the union’s^money have been channelled into the United Constiuction Workers. The UCW was set up several
They also declare that there is more behind, the big UCW and District 50 organization drives than meiely to build up these unions. Tbe, charge is made that Lewis is secretely preparing the ground for an eventual bolt from the CIO and the setting up of ^ pqw, Uhpr organization, composed of the United Mine Workers, Elistriet 50,^ the United G®nstfnction Workers, plus certain AFL unions. Lewis and William Hutchinson, Roosevelt-hating boss of the AFL ckvpenters, have been in close secret touch in recent months. With his buining political ambitions, such an organization, in which he would be the king bee, would give Lewis a poweiful political weapon in the coming eventful elections. Also for the political operation of the Ameiica Fiist Committee, of which he is an aident suppoitei. Note: The Ousted District 50 of-
After thiee months the news leachqs ns about track captain Burt Anthony’s pinning .tlice Altherr. Well, better late than never. Con-
gi'atulations, folks.
Anothei of the tew letteis we get ai rived today. -4,fter yelping about the Cole sisters and the Alpha Chi’s the wiitei pointed out that theie IS a cute little gal aiound heie that we have oveilooked- Name? Lee Hobj. Om fan also gave us the list of men she has on the stiing. Here we go. Al Reynolds, Pi Kappa Phi;
years ago by Lewis to fight the pow- ficials have started a lank and file
eiful AFL building tiades unions. As head of UCW, Lewis installed his youngei bi other, A. D. (“Denny”) Lewis, yvho gets $10,000 a year. UCW ligs never got anywheie in the building industry, but is now engaged in a hot organizing campaign among cafeteiia, tiansportation and apartment woikers. CIO anti-I.euisites claim that District
levolt to go oVei to the CIO Mine, Mill & Smelter Workers. Headed by Reid Robinson, who is in the k-awis doghouse because of suppoit of Roosevelt’s foreign policy, the MMSW is up in aims at Lewis because of his alleged raiding of the union’s field. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
llAllI
TODAY-TOMOBRQW DOMRLE FEATURE ah" msem l4Ie|^||ao JEFFREY LYNN Jf tORWB RtRGRjd^pABK' .1(1 MAY R0B!$0K - LEE PAtRtCK ' ' — PLUS — DEVIL DOGS OF THE AIR with ^ JAMES CAGNEY PAT O'BRIEN
uinnKtu TODAY - WEDNESDAY
FOWEll 101 mApmmmMm
Luma
TODAY - WED.—2 HITS
« repuiin; mP& ir^
PIlYttRE
^uhdm, £xjs0mnL ^ All-Ain«'h’can
-yr-,pi 5Enlered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, )9l7, aathoriged January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year aad weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, (§4.00.
KdUor-iii'Clucf Ne«r« liilUor SpurU Kditur
N«d A. Ochiltree John L. TreMXdtt Phil Joknuta
Buoincoe Afanneer HanaeinV E4itor Coed Editor.
Doq S. Power* Leiand W. Buff net Rtith Rp»c
PnhIicatBW StaM •Aasuciatp Editors Kdltdrial Buff: J F Amoa J H Armatronp, D. T. Bropby, K. U. Hadley F 1 Jonei., E G. K leper BportvOtMTiO T Claik J U Fraser. J S Keeler Coed Staff: M.ury K. Boynton Alice ChatAeld, Jane Ramadell,
Busina** Staff Coed Httaineaa Mapacer: Donna Siesa; Office Manaacr: Lee Bossonif Local Adrertiaina Manaaera: K. K. Gjemre, R E. Saxton: Circulation Hanacer: W. T. Bell; Accounta Manaxer: W. D. Millaid. Junior Coed Manaa/ra: Jean Frankcnberry, Franoea Lloyd, Julia Martin
Fhanei: Ediforial and Butincs*, 4005; Sport*, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 ■"■IXl'*''""""!
Represented for national adveitiainc by National Adveitisinv Service, Inc, College Publiahera Repreaentativea, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For Thii luue Bar Editors Kamedell Heportere; C D Wonng. J.-H Fromuii. A 1. Witkard, A L. SJonu, K A. Klpshon, K M. Ford, W L. D-vorak. M L 8porU Kdilor; Keeler Rigsrt,, iJ iioa» inkle, H E Ktkatciii, G W Starr, W Huston
MioM N<Ut«rs Armetrong I^Ut Bditor s Fht^ker
MARB TODAY - Wednesday
lUO
lOU
A|B0n«!C0STiLL0
with MAJITHA CAA0I, KAYE BRUCE WUIUM 9IW
0fm!L (x)hiJjL LET US SEND
THE
PURDUE EXPONENT
( ' "
DAILY THE FAMILY
TO
ONLY $3.50
DROP IN EXPONENT
THE OFFICExr y
t ;■
i fl ■
Minim Mw M»nr Over
Riveter Squash Team f M S r~ |VV^ Drills for Week-End Engagetiieni^ tn Qltio , After mmff t6 Chicago Univei“irty, 3-2, and lieing the Evans-ton Y M C A 5€iuasl\t6ani jn dual bill at the Windy City last Satinday, Chief M/ fj Clevett’a squash team began lieavy dulls ;foi then coming weekend cngagemnt at Day,ton, Ohio To Meet Wright Field ,The fioileimaUei lacqueteeis will face the Wiight Field squash squad at 8 30 pm Satmday afternoon, apd the Dayton Y M C A team at 7 30 that evening Making last Satuiday’s tup, and in fiist place in the hard fought battle toi tiav ehng positions foi this Satin day ale Noim Goldstein, Ed Wells, Jesse Fant, Bob Boydston, and Hen ly Wilkens Eastern Jaunt Neajs ' Yaisity membeis aic also competing for positions on the sivth annual eastern tup, planned foi the Christmas vacation Chief Clevett listed a tentative oppbsition sched ule, piactieally like last yeai’s which Will include Haivaid, MIT, Yale, Williams, Amherst, Stevens Institute, and Pennsylvania deb
■ ^ i/ A/
■A
/ /A
Tuesday, December 9,1941
Page 3
Team Bf^s In Conquest Oi Liftle '' f ^ f tz y Last night the Boileimaker hardwood gang inan^tniea Coach Piggy Lambert’s silver anniversary season JPiurdlJ# cf ?ch with a hot and cold 41-29 victory ovetithe cagy aid alma mater, the Little Giants of Wabash. It was the firstt lors o± the year for the Little Giant daily Who bad ptevknMly chalked up wins over Oakland City and Lawrance Grdlege. 1 he game was a typical opening season game, with the ermakers unable to get into high gear until well into the se<^ -I'' ' I ond half, several ^bad passeai,
M. E
MOREHOUSE
DAIRY
QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Tuesday Dceci^bcr 9
Comb 1
I 00 ihtta Cbi V5? Pf KapipA Phi 7 1J Phi Kappa vs Alpha Garnrha Rho 8 UO Phi Kappa P‘’i vs Alphx Si^mi Phi SI') Nil vs Phi Kappa Siffina R Bainircl
Court 2
7 00 Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Alphi ^ 15 Alpha 1 ui vs Bcti Si ni i isi 8 00 Ac^via vs Delta Tau DdU 8 1) Alpha Chi Rho vs Kappa Dc.lt i Ph) J /chiinja:
CoLllt 1
7 00 Ph-i IC^appa Tiu vs Ihrti Ti i 1) LambH Chi Alpha Vb Beta Iheta Pi 8 00 Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Gamm i Delta S 1) Smma 1* vs InunLlc Bill Gates
Coiit 1
00 lau Kappa Fpsilon xs Alpha K ipiia
I ambd i
1 Dciti Clii vs Sipma Chi 8 00 K ippa Sikm i ss Si^ma Alpha Mu 8 1 1 lu Lpsilon Phi vs Sii,mi Phi
Kpsilon
Bill NutlYcl
SQUASH
Tuesday December 9
00 Si ma Alpha Mu vs K ipp i Si^^ma
'• > A< i< la \s Phi K ippa. Tui Beta Ihcta Pi vs Alpha Gamm i
7^——Chicago Bears Heeling Of Doxers L ^ > w MeetGreenaaY
In Playoff Game
'v /' Ij , f’ Scheduled Tonight
8 SO
Rho
Fi eshman cm i iculum at Biooklvn Polytechnic institute has been lightened (onsiderably as the lo suit oi a study ol li eshman loads undertaken by faculty committees
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette i
. EDGERTON HDWE., INC. ' HARDWARE-PAlHTS and SUNDRIES I t^PQI^JPOilSHERS ^nd SAHPERS FOR RENT Phone 435^4 We Deliver
MAKE tOURSELF
IIOMli:
IN A UNION CLUB IIOOM For .solid coniforL alJraclivo furl e iiisliings, and qiiieL rcslful almos plierc, }OU,ll find Ihc Union Clilib fills the hill. Perfccl for gnosis aiid for pcrinanoiil losidonis. JhL fiMAduSL ^YJ/hmufiJucdi lAniofL i The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Aetivilies
► We're Off—The Cage Season Is Under Wisy Scveial of the moie fickle Boileimakei fans weio making uncomplimenti,iY lemaiks about Piggy Lanocit and 'i vuciity filth ecntiLr m Gold and Black carets L st night—.hn; i'. until the second hab lollcd aiound It wa-j quite an uneventful fiist h ilf altnough it •v\as a mixed up lineup foi the Boiliinalcis in tins pciiod Even paits of tlie second pc i lod vcic i ot up to inid season loiin, but theio was enough fiash\ biskctho.ll displayed in tins 1 i^-t half to mile eveiyonc in the hom-e walk homo with a teelm tint miy team who belts this 1911 a.,giegation will have to ha\c moie finesse th n a truce cushion billnud artist Waifr Till These Rough Edges Get Polished Tieiney and Com ad hid i field day on ‘■tea'ing W ib ish jia scs, TIofF man and Blanken bc.,an tossing the hcUiaionnd o last one ol the spectatois lost his gla^s eye Inni the ecntiilii'ial foice of lollewim tin ball, und Spiowl was in theie aiound the basket when the two point" weie being lationed out Swaits; and Menke sophomoie pivot aspiiants, still have a v ays to go vpt bcfoie lacing the best of the Bi > 3Yn, but both ai e show ing lots of piomise and should be ahk lo handle this spot ag iinsi the best by mid
seasop
Tough Going Ahead The xemamdei ol the non'-''onfci once schedule is tough—beyond a doubt the tou.,hcst any eonleionee teini will t ice DePaul UCLA Gieat Lakes Training School, Texas A and M ind Butlci in oidei is a tough outlook toi ary team ihe Boileimakeis aie goin,„ to have to give all loi the entue loute of those ' ames to get thiom h unscathed ► Look Who's Back fOne of the most mteiested speetitois at last night’s game was last yeai s captain, Bob Igney who is home at RossmUo on a two weeks’ luilough 'tjom Camp Wolteis neai Ft Woith, Te^as Bob’s as tan as an Indian, much heavici and in the mnk in .,eneial He told us ailei ^ the ga1tl0~in The dressing loom that lies with a machine gun unit, and has been laiSed to a coipoial in the file months he’s been m the gicat Lone Stai slate None oi this 21 dollais a week foi Boh—he gets $94 Also said Bob, we onote “I like it fine the meal aie fan you lo going to see a gicat Piuduo team beloie the season is ovci,” unquote
With boxing enteiing its third W'Oek of dull. Jog Bcnna, student boxing coach, has announced that o iai thiee intcx collegiate meets h. ve been scheduled Valparaiso, St t Joe, and Michigan State have been scheduled ioi the pugilists to stmt the second semestei Ewentj Left Twenty men remain on the boxing squad This evening at 7 p m thci e IS to be a meeting of the Pm due Boxing Association and anyone else mteiested m boxing in I oom 101 ol the Fioldhouse This vem theie aie many inex peiiencod men on the squad, but accoidmg to Coach Benna the men lie lounding out m gieat shape Tlie txpciieneed men still lack t^eii tnmng, but it should be with them w ithm a couple weeks Those men that show the most piomise so fai me II G Bowles, 120 pounds, Noinan Kautsky 129, J E Kipis le 111 fim R ill city 174, and Sig Miihl 175 Fight Classes Aeeouling to the new inleicol leg late lules, theie will still be ei >ht difleient weight classes with dificient weights and diffeieni nimo'' ficm last yeai’s The names set up with the new weights aic as follows bantam 120 and undei, leaLhei, 120 27, light 128 35, wel tci 13() 5 lunioi middle, 14^ 55, semoi middle 150 65, light heavy, 1()( 75, and he ivy, 175 and ovei
if a
One of the most bitteily fought gild battles of the curient professional football season will unfold before the eyes of a capacity ciowd at Wiigley Field next Sunday after-
and wild shots by metnberB. of both clubs The Little 6ianH played ap aggressive game througtittlt, piesentiUg a tight playmg defeBsethat held the Boilermakers to a mere 17 points m the first 20 lonm utes of play before wilting before the famed Riveter pressure defense in the seteoncl period Ail Greve for Wabash Little Ray ^reve was the star of the game, getting m the Rollermakers’ hail in general and chalking up 18 of his team’s points. The
noon, when the Chicago Beais meet diminutive Wabash forward was on
the Green Bay Packers m the playoff game which will decide the championship of the Western divi
sion
These two poweiful iivals wound up in a deadlock foi fiist place, each team winning ten games while being defeated only once The Bears and Packeis have alieady battled each other twice on the grichron this season, each being victoiious
once
Cecil Isbell and Lou Block, both ex-Boilerraakeis, will be counted on once again to spark the Green Bay offense in this all-important
his toes thioughout the tilt, malting several tricky rebound shots from a slow-reacting Boilermaker lebound defense, and tallying a portion of uncanny one handed shots fiom the vicinity of the foul
circle
Senioi forward Frosty SpTowl with 14 points led the victors in the scoring column, coming in late m the first half to spark the belat^ fir st half attack and then displayed a bi ilhant offense m the Second period to put the Boilermakers well
on therr winning way
Lambert expenmented wrthr dif^
gild encounter The erstwhile Riv- feient combinations throaghpUtatfie etexs played leading roles when the mitral period, finding Packeis scored a 17 to 14 victory Sprowl, Tierney, Menke, over the Bears on the turf of Wiig- Caress quintet the mqst s: ley Field seveial weeks ago Anoth- of this half Ca]^ai|( ei very impoitant cog m the Green on the sidelines rnostf Bay machrnc is Don Hutson, the due to the tiio of peel less pass xeeeivei, who holds neied eailiei in the the all-time scoiing lecoid ±oi the Roll in the Second pro ciiciut This same five started the Elmer Layden, the pro league’s period and leally Commissioner, has luled that the mg Splendid work,
game must be fought to a decision If the teams are deadlocked at the epd of 60 minutes of play, they will continue until one of them is able
to scoi e 1 w k
GIRLS’ BOWLING LEVGUE Tuesday, Dec 9 Pi Beta Phi vs Delta Gamma Chi Omega vs Alpha Omega Wednesday, Dec 10 Alpha Xi Delta vs Kappa Alpha
Theta
Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Phi Mu
GENERAL
ELECTRICS FAMOUS
at P'*
TO town!
A Specfaeular Non-Commerdal Exhibit of the Latest Miracles of Science-—exactly as shown at the Ne^w York World's Fair!, As Entertaining as it is Educational I More mystifying than^nJfglf ilSvthe things you’ll see demonstrated at this spectacular show. Strange, unbelievable things that scientists h..ve discovei-fed about electricity . . . things that promise better living for all in the years ahead Originated by the world renowned G E research laboratory and seen by millions at the World’s Fair, the "House of Magic” now comes to this city under the sponsorship of the Public Service Company of Indiana, Inc. Performances will be given in the afternoon for local high schpoi students and m the evening for the general public The show is absolutely free of commercial flavor and no charge will be made for admission. If youj’d enjoy an hour and a half of thrilling entertainment and instruction, don’t miss this great shoVv!
- 1
tG
0
FT
SEE THE RADIO RAINBOW . . . the man who walks away from his shadow ... an electric light bulb lighted by current passing through a man’s body . . , the toy train that obeys spoken conctmands . . . and many other new feats of ”magic”I ‘(idmi65ion Tlfie
PUBLIC SHOWING Icfferson High School Thursday Afternoon, December 11 West Lafayette Junior High Friday Night, December 12 Everyone Invited Come Early fojr jCkoicest Seats,
Exhihited here through the courtesy of PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC.
Tieiney, handy clofee xn snot'^ ny Spiowl, rebound assiktiutce by Caress, coupled with .the giessure defense xvhich seemed a pujsisle to the Ciawfoid&ville lads atarted thp scoie scaling Blanken’s insertion in place of Menke^ qdded the effectiveness of this team, espeeially by his feeding ability frdm fHe'pivot —
Johnny Coni ad, Horyaid Hoffr
man, and Jack Swantz,lilsO Shwv^
plenty of piomise for thte
season Com ad's aggresslyen^ was especially prominent, as- well, as Hoffman’s seemingly impossible left handed hook passes and shots.
The Boileimakeis capataUzed on
17 out of 70 tiies from the field for a 24 2 per centage, \\ ith the. Little Giants sacking 9 of 49 tlir-ows for an 18 3 percent Fiom the four eucle the Gold and Black hit seven
of 10 and Wabash 11 of 17
PUKDUE FG FT P oiiuv.1 I . a a I teich, t a a a Hotrraan t a a 1 Lawson ( X a 1 1lerncj f 3 a a Mi-nUe, c 113 Swantz c 112 Riley K a 2 1 Conrad fr 2 a 1 Polk ir 0 a 1
Blanken ir c
Laresh g rCKl 4.JCS WABASH Mcyti t
MOnt„on>ory 1 c 0 ft ft Grxvi t T 4 1 Ktlky e a 1 T Woodiow g— 1 3 a Lowd „ ail Intiam , 12 1 L Hig „ a a a iotaLS y 11 t Xict throw-, mi'-.ed Purdu., SprowL 1^ Rilti 1 CuiL 1 W tho^ih Grev« ar Woodrow 1 Do\rd 1 Montgoinery 1 IldKials Rclerct liana Lhandler Ltmpree. Karl Dickerson Half tim boore Purdde 17 Wabash 11 Ag Alumni Receive farm Bureau Jobs
i
H S Agslei, Ag- ”'15/ haS fieeii made managei of the Pennsylvaiita Faim Biiieau and W L Lairihert^' Ag ’39, has been made nmnaget df ‘ the Faim Buieau mills at Manhein; ^ Pa, accoi ding to woi d received by* associate dean of agriculture, V. G. Fieoman Agstei was loimeily a county agiicultuidl agent in Indiana and has been connected with the Farm Buieau foi seveitil yeais Lambeft is in chaige ol seed pioduction, aqd Icum waiehousin^ ion the state, ojigamzation dig » Alpha Chi Rho ^ .t r social tiateiTuty announces the initiation ot Rolla Biazil, Alison Arnold, Fort Waye^i Chailes Fnmis, Hamburg, Ralph Luebben, Milwaukee, , sin, Donald Michel, Buffalo, IS.'Tf-? Ckik Ross, Evanston,III.; Vnton, New Yoik Mills, N. Y. Robei t B u n t a i n, LogansportT Be yd Einstf. Marion; Warren son, Ji , Oak Paik, IIIKail Kunikindei Gary? Caiter Portwr, *081? Paik, 111 , Neiman Rie&en, Fowlei; 1 ltd Rosen, Maiion, Va.; Robert Uiipkev, Imbaiiapdlls; Samuel Ste^' I ns Gtinnen Iowa, John
M' iSt -u
3¥/ nfe
*y^
f« fj
\^4
■’ll
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, ttecember 9, 1941
ion School Head Freshman Campers Three Students
#HI Speak To Coeds
■ Students who have a+tended an Julia Cobiun, piesident of the nual fieshman camps hefoie cntei Totee-Cobuin School f01 Fashion Ca- mj> (^jig Tjniveisit\ will hold an in leets in New York City, will ad- ^ o j , , , , , 101 mal get togethci Sunday eve
dteSs students inteiested in the
fashion field Thursday at 4 p in m "'"S, Dec 14 at 6 p m m the west the women’s lounge of the Union fatuity lounge of the Union Miss Cobuin, a Vassal graduate, Puipose of the icunion is to af has been piomotion managei for foid the canipeis in oppoitunity to Matper's Bazaar and fashion editoi ’ enew acquaintances made at Camp Of the Ladies’ Home Journal Tecumseh piepaiatoiy to enteiing The Cobuin School, established m All those who have previous lfi37, specializes in preparing stu- attended ficshman camp aic in dents foi fashioo woik othei than attend Suppei will be costume design Interviews with ^ small chaige i ef
Miss Cobuin may be airanged by
calling Irene B’eldt diiectoi of the UniVfirSjfV Club Holds '
placement bui eau foi women i in f '
■iilfiiiiAi
; Westminster Girls Club* Christmas meeting by patronesses will bS held at Btl6 pm Tuesday Dec 9 at 129 Sheets St Bring a -.gift for the Christmas basket —VIRTUE
W. H, Winterrowd (Continued from page 1) ago undeiwiote a senes of etchings of the older Univeisity buildings, the income frorft which was the be ginning of the Pieldhouse fund He was also one of the piime mov^s in making possible the Univeisity’s locomotive mascot, peisonally su pervising the constiuction of the superstructure at the Baldwin Locomotive Woiks He had long been a director of the Puidue Reseaich Foundation With Railroads Since ’04 Winterioad launched his lailroad career as a locomotive wipei with the Missouii Pacific railroad duiing his first summei vacation in 1004 and continued woiking each summer until gi^duation with various roads During the last World War, in 1917, he was selected as one of a mission of railway experts by the British Goveinment to study Rus Sian conditions, and during a six months inspection tour coveied piactically all of the mileage in Russia and the Fai East thief Engineer Upon his return to this countiy in 1918, he was promoted to chief methanical engineei of the Canad lan Pacific in complete charge of all motive powei and i oiling stock He lesigned this post in 1923 to ac ccpt a position as vice president of the Lima Locomotive Works, m Lima, Ohio, and then seived as viee-piesident of the Fianklm Rail way Supply Co , with headquaiteis in Chicago, from 1934 to 1939 when he assumed the post with the Bald A>in Locomotive Woiks that he held at the time of his death Honorary Man Duiing his undeigiaduate days Wmteiiowd was a membei of Sigma Chi, as well as Tau Beta Pi and PI Tau Sigma, engineeiing honor aiies, and had been honored bv being elected as a life member of both the Mechanical Division, Association of American Raihoads, and the Railway and Locomotive Historical Society. In 1911 he was maiiied to Mabel Kurfess, of New Albany, who died several yeais ago They had two daughters. Mis Mai ion Winter 1 owd Griffiths, of Hinsdale 111 who was graduated fiom Purdue in 1937, and Jane, at present a senior in the Univeisity The daughters along with his second wife Kithei me Jule Kearney, to yvhom he was mai'fied on Feb 11, 1939 suivive Ag Seminar Hears Straszheim, Justin Prof R E Stiaszheim collab oidted with Pi of M M Justin in liiesenting a repoit on “Fanning practices by paiticipating and non paiticipating Indiana faimeis un dei the AAA program in 1940’ to an Agronomy Seminar Meeting held yesteidaj at 4 pm in Agii cultural Hall Representative farms of the nine farming distiicts in Indiana weic taiefully studied and the results of the suivey and a compilation of lecords constituted the subject dis tubsed g w s
Ji
YWCA Marriage Group Hears Dr. Kelly Lecture Di E Lowell Kcllj associate piofessoi of psychology was speak er at Michigan Citj's YMCA meet ing Thursday on “Piepaiation foi Maiiiage ’’ He spoke ‘^Making Mai liage Work” , Br 0 F Hall division of cdu cation and applied psychology, was the main spcakci at the first in this senes of maiiiage leetuies which was held on Nov 27 Othei s to address these gi oups will be Di John G Benson, Dr Elizabeth K l^itrauBb and Di Thuiman B Rice lUce and Mrs Stiauss aie icgulai lc(.turei8 for the scnioi maiiiage coui Be d c p Prof, H .F. Ainsworth 1^,’^ . of the 4-H club dcpaitment wiU be in Boston, Mass , fiom Dc 8 to 14, to attend the annual meeUtig of the American Vocational
Annual Christmas Party University Club, faculty social organization held its annual Christmas party in the Union building last night with fir tiee and Christ mas ornaments foi decoiations One hundred and fifty couples attended the informal dinner which pieceded the foi mal dance held in both ball roonrs of the Union Those present had the option of selecting then foim of entertainment as both the foi mal dance and a card paity weie held simultaneously Refreshments were seived in the Old Chestnut loom of the Union
web
from Horace Man High School, Gary, who along with more than 1 000 other high school students attended the Twelfth Annual Indiana High School Debators’ Conference on the campus last week
Believe U, S. (Continued fiom page 1) versify officials was the necessity of refraining from hysteria and witch hunting. That a foreign name or accent did not mean a saboteur was an idea expressed by all officials who feared a reoccurance of World War I alien-baiting and the accompanying abrogation of civil liberties. One spokesman said “Realize that this is the USA and not a totalitaiian state, that in this country human needs have always been placed above all and be confi dent that the lesson of Ameiica will be maintained to insure oppoi tunity foi people who have will and ability
Davis, Woodbury Attend Crop Protection Institute Pi of J J Davis head of the en tomology dcpaitment, and Di E N Woodbiuy will attend the Ciop Protection Institute with the Car bide and Carbon Coipoiation in New York City Dec 12 Confei ences will he held concerning in secticide reseaich piojects conduct ed b-\ Di Woodbury undei the di lection of Plot Davis The Insti tute which supports leseaich it the Univeisity will considei ac complishmcnts to date and make plans foi the futuie gw s Zouaves will piesent an exhibition dull today at the 11 a m coips day foimation Medals foi theciackbat teiy will also be awaided at tint time
BULLETIN Mis Mildied L Fitch, of the his toiy and economics depaitment, said yesterdaj, that as yet, she has received no woid concerning the safety of her daughter and son m law Ml and Mrs Conley, both Uni veisity giaduates now residing at Pearl City, Honolulu Mi and Mrs Conley live in close^proximity to Pearl Haiboi the scene of Sunday’s
ail 1 lids
Notices
Science Schiors Graduating in January are asked to call at Dean Enders office Coulter Hall at their eailiest convenience —ENDERS Dairy Students Please attend meetma to hear D M Doty apeak on Reseaich in AKricultuial Chemistry at Purdue Tues day December 9 30 p m a-BUTLER Agriculturist Special meetins for fresh men who signed up foi^ thh editorial staff in AKricultniist office m<Vnion Thuisdny Dec 11 at 4 IB p m \ -JSNYDER Christian Science Organization Regular meeting at 7 30 ii m Tuesday Dec J in room 303 of the Union —LOCKWOOD Exponent Freshmen Work assignments as follows will take effect on Monday Dec
8
Monday lieeman Vermilion Dvorak Marlin Waiing Jackson Prohman Acker man Tuesday Glover Mal ion Senoir Black burn Christman Biichohlz Miller Tuesday Scalro Guunsey Craig Mac Whnter Layton Holland Thursday Tieiney Richardson Harring ton Skillman Friday boloway Shapiro Tyson Ben zenbower Martindell Jiizwick Huber Pita Saturday Ziff Vegh Fortier Quetsch Kassman Duesterbeig Mitchell Fox Sports staff freshmen will repoit to the Pieldhouse office editoiial writera will report to Union office coeds see this col limn lor further work information —BUFFNER Novice Pistol Sti dents desiring to fire in the sixth and last novice pistdl group starting Dec 9 shoi Id sign up in Supply Room now —BROWN ASME Debris piotuies will be taken Thursday Dec 11 it 30 p m in Union ballroom instead of Th iisday Nov 27 —UTLEY Ceres Regulai meeting postponed until Tuesday Dec 9 All actves and new initi itcs must attend as fall clectu ns will be held —CHPSTER Senior Mechanicals Booths for the col lection of fees for pictiic of graduating cla s similar to those now in the halls of the building w II be set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday Die 8 through Widnes (lay Dec 10 Tee will he '"5 cents and will covd all 0 sts of the i cturi All seniors graduating in J imiary June ir Aug ist arc to be included —GREGORY Pi Tau Sigma New ii it ates may obtain ((it rciUs lit MI IT c on s cond llooi SHANl Purdue Gymnastic t luh Members are askid to lay Ihcii dues fir Nov and Dec at the (fficc of Dr L istwo d Room 110 at th luldhouse —POZb R
PIA Danes Class* Last dance class will tie held Tuesday DeS 9 in the North Ballroom at 7 30 p m —HANSEN POMM Keys ^ire available for those who oidercd them Call at 27 Russell St
—SULLIVAN
Registration Workers Students who wish to work for the Registidr during the second semester registration January 27 and 28 1042 are requested to make application be ferae Chiiatmas on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar s office Those with pre vioiis expel lence at registiation or In other clciical jobs nie given pieference
~R B STONE
Triton Club RegUlai meeting Tuesday Doc 9 7 10 p m in women s gym
—KRAEPELIN
Delta Rho Kappa Initiation will be held Thursday Dec 11 at D 30 pm in room 105 of the Union followed by banquet at b p m in room 363 — BIERLEIN Agricultural Education Society Will meet Wednesday Dec 10 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of Union Film strips from the International Haivostor Company concern ing Agiiculturc will be shown by Prof S fa Cromer —CONRAD Gold Peppers Regulai meeting Thursday Dec 11 at 5 p m in Wood Hall Dinner will be served at B p m Please call mo before Wednesday evening if Joii will be unable to attend SCARFF Exponent Freshman Coeds Who attend ed call out arid training school meet Tues day Dec 0 at 4 p m in office — ROSE Seniors Who have not made out then Debris Activities G-iarts or who wish to make additions must do so befoie Wednes day Dec IQ —MERRILL
ASME. There will be an Inspeotlon trljf of Ross Gear Company on Tuesdttf,, Dw 9 Meet at 8 p m In front of the ME Builoing Please sign the list on the bulletin boaid ___ —LOYLLD Poultry Club Deblis picture foi* all menlbers and egg and chick show workeM, Thursday Dec 11) 10 60 p m in south ballroom of Union ARODSON i Independent Students Any group interested in singing with the PIA ChorUs port Tuesday Dec 9 at 7 30 pm in rooih 307 of the Union —SOPCAK Fraternity Affairs Office sophomores In* terviews will be held on Tuesday Dec 9 Tollowintr are the interview times Ulrich 4 16 Green 4 20 Horton 4 26 Kern4 30 Kuhn 4 36 Maishall 4 46 Pattisort4 46 Shioyer 4 60 Thomas 4 66 Swflrt$5 00 7ieffler 5 06 —PEARSON E E Seniors 1'hose interested in attendini? a vocational guidance conference an ^inspection trip to Chicago on Friday and Saturday December 12 13 please sign hsT in mam office of E E Building Ifi* foimation about trip wilJk be at the top Of the list For any further questions phone me at 3063 —SOUTHMAYD
PIA Chorus Meet Tuesday Dec 9 at 7 30 p m m room 307 of the Union —SOPCAK Modern Dance Second term call out has now begun All girls interested m ^oin ing come out on Monday Wednesday 1 ri day Dec 8 12 at 4 p m and Tuesday at 1 m n the Women s Gymnasium —SERBON riving Club Meeting Wednesday Dot 10 at 7 p m in room 307 of Union Dis cushion of proced re foi lenowmg all li censes ~ HABICHT Religious Council Regular meeting Wed nesday Dtc 10 at 7 30 p m in the Co i c 1 Olfice room 58 of Union HAMILTON lea Dance Committee Import int meet mg Tug day Deecmbti 9 at 4 If i m in Union office Iho io lowing I thcie Hay den Tuner B ihnoi Nelson Sinlord Sljgdill Kueh and Hoskuison DrUS TLR Farm Management Students Ii v ted to itten 1 a party Thursday Dec 11 it 7 10 p m in room 318 of Union Howai I Ilal derman w II be the spcakci —MeCONAH
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Maohipes all ntalt^ sold r nted j'epnired and hurchasdd Mimeograph work done C J Ehershoff, BOB Main. Lafayette Phone 2779 ’ Lost Gold Whitteqeur wrist watch on Northwestern or Stadium Hanlori Phone 4031 Reward For Sale 34 Ford Fordor New rings Need cash $60 Phone 61771
DR PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD RISK — DENTISTS 400 404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Mam St tafayatta
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Reamer Club Si c al h t,hly important meet 1 e 1 ly Dec ) it jO p m i 1 m 301 r the Un on Brmi pissi rts mol! 5 in I iins Id tukets foi lull g imc Nc I rm t n i h v will be 1
-RUFFNER
Tune in the Christmas Spirit Its Chesterfield Pleasure Time En|oy the music that everybody likes NBC. Stations
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vi Northwestern Ave Phone 4965
BETTER HURRY! SELECT THAT GIFT NOW FROM BUE-FAT STORE
113 Northwestern Ave
OFFICIAL JEWELERS
Phone 2523
A gift from DEAC'S with the Purdue crest add much cheer to the festivity of the holidays. Many beautiful vanities, bracelets, necklaces and other crested jewelry to select from. Your last hance to get Russell-Wright spun aluminum. Beautiful designs, light as a feather, wears forever and you do not have to polish it. Whitman's famous Christmas Box Candies. H. G. REISHER BOOK STORE
^Sl\err^ x^^risfmas .. this
WjiIL ihsL. CoiL!
Figure the cost ol doing your laundry at home — adding up the expenses of soap, water softener, bluing water, electricity, and last but hot least, the T\ear and tear upon yourself! SAVE by letting us do the work.
220-240 S 4th
your old friend
This time Fm coming to you With a timely shopping tip . . . Drop in at your tobacco store Take a look at the handsome way Your Christmas Chesterfields are packed
You never saw the like Of these swell gifts . . . Big ten package cartons
Cartons holding four tins of 50
And brand new this yeai Special greeting cartons Holding just three packs. Tjiw year It’s Chesterfield For more pleasure than Anything else you can buy
For the money.
Copyr jjl I 1941 Liccett S Myhs T nAcco Co
Milder
Better-Tasting ...that’s why
LISTEN TO FRED WARINGS LATEST HITS AT THE RECORD SHOP AND TAKE HOME A CHRISTMAS CARTON OF CHESTERFIELDS FROM
. I
ll