ppl
mmmm
/
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY March h 1938 Lafayette, hidiano VOL. 49 No. 123
akers T ES^aroons, 64-33
Bolster Title Prospects As Young Breaks Records
Eiglit Speakers To Vie In Hanley Contest Finals Finals for the Hanley Speech Contest will be held Thursday at 7:30 p. in. ip Eliza Fowler Hall. Speakers for the evening will include the two high ranking men from each of the four class divisions chosen from previous eliminations. Thursday night’s winner will receive $50 cash; the second prize will be $30 cash. All of the speakers are engineering students and will speak on some phase of economics. The speakers include: freshmen, Don Sinish and Stanley Middleton; sophomores, Jack Swander and W. Croft; juniors Joe Rittenhouse and Robert Sasser; seniors, J. Wayne Fredericks and Hugh Forster. Judges for the contest, who will not be announced until the day of the contest, include a representative from the engineering school, one from the economics department, two from the speech department, and a local engineer. Dean A. A. Potter will act as chairman. Chorus Will Sing k\ Fiier-Son Banquet Between three and four hundred Purdue students and their dads are expected to attend the initial Father and Son banquet tonight at 6:30 in the Union ballroom. The banquet is under the auspices of the Purdue Dad’s Association of the Lafayette area, and the Student Union is aiding in the arrangement of the details. Reservations for tickets may be made until noon today, but tickets may be purchased by those having reservations until 6:30 p. m. tonight. Master Of Ceremonies The program, with Paul F. Royster as master of ceremonies, will consist of several selections by the men’s chorus under the direction of A1 Stewart, an address by President Elliott, and a short talk by Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history, government and economics depai’tment. There will also be a fencing exhibition under Coach Finney’s direction, followed by a smoker for those attending the banquet. Skinner Receives New York Fair Appointment Dean of Agriculture J. H. Skinner has been appointed a member of the National Advisory Committee for the 1939 New York World’s Fair, according to an announcement made yesterday by Charles C. Green, director of the division of advisory committees. Chairman of th^ Indiana section of the committee is Arthur Brown president of the Indiana National Bank of Indianapolis.
Recognition Of Good Teaching,.. (An Editorial) ... will find a regular place in Exponent’s columns with the continuation of our current series of articles on good teachers and their methods. Throughout this year and qther years, we have publicized research and editorial efforts of Purdue’s faculty members, and we shall continue to give them some notice. At present, we are summarizing University research activity in serial review. An Exponent- PlafForm Plank We have failed so far this year, however, to acknowledge the work of our professors and instructors in the teaching field .. . but not because we have been oblivious to it. Perhaps you will remember that one of our platform points is to “Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.” In order to get a fresh, full-semester perspective of faculty members, we postponed action on that program. At the close of last semester we hurriedly drew up a list of some 30 questions on teaching and on professorial habits and characteristics. Typical queries were: The Professorial Yardstick Does he lecture and explain classwork interestingly and coherently ? How does he grade? Does he emphasize grades more than knowledge ? Does he penalize for absences ? Are his tests and examinations fair? Is he given to needless exercise of authority ? Does he drive or lead ? Does he succumb to “applepolishing?” What is his reaction? Does he try to be a popular professor? What is his attitude toward student activities ? Stydent Grades Teacher We asked a rather cross-sectional group of students, mostly juniors and seniors but including members of each class, to apply those questions to every instructor under whom they had studied in the University. During the past few weeks we have collected written and oral information on faculty members in every department. In successive interviews we shall attempt to learn the teaching philosophy of the instructors who, according to fair-minded students, are among the University’s leading teachers. To notes on this will be added a touch of personality and a dash of biog-
raphy.
No Order Of Presenf-afion We have no particular order of presentation: today we (Exponent staff members and other students) write about a professor in farm management, tomorrow possibly about someone in the military department, or in the school of mechanical engi-
neering.
Our principal aim is to recognize good teaching... we believe that the zeal of a young instructor often is more valuable to his students than the superior knowledge of an old professor . . . if we find an instructor in his first year of teaching who meets our requirements, we shall interview him. Does He Put It Over? Perhaps some will object that it takes years to determine a teacher’s worth. We agree with that objection to an extent, but we’re looking at the matter from the student viewpoint—rather snap judgement in comparison with the administration’s longtime wisdom—and we are merely asking, “Does he put across the subject matter in a fair and interesting manner?” Recommendations for prospective subjects to be interviewed are welcomed ... also are criticisms and suggestions concerning our action—from both students and faculty members.
Big Ten Standings
W
L
TP
OP
Purdue . .
9
2
469
375
Minnesota .
8
3
358
330
Northwestern ..
7
3
346
326
Ohio State ... .
6
5
417
390
Iowa
6
6
417
411
Michigan
. ...5
6
373
346
Wisconsin .. .
... 5
6
411
414
Illinois
. 4
7
393
420
Indiana
.. .3
8
418
443
Chicago
.. ..2
9
360
496
Last Night’s Scores Ohio State, 41; Northwestern, 36. Minnesota, 30; Iowa, 29. Illinois, 36; Michigan, 32. Wisconsin, 34; Indiana, 32.
Debris Almost Complete; Advisors Inspect Proof
Exponent Board All elected members of the Exponent stalf will meet with the faculty advisers at 4:45 o’clock Thursday afternoon in Agricultural Experiment Station conference room. —Manion.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Partly cloudy and warmer today. Fair tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 31; lotv, 18; mean, 25.
At the start of this semester Debris faculty advisors commented on the book. At that time their criticisms were very complimentary. “It will be the best Debris for many years,” was the theme of their comments. And it won’t be long until we can see the final product. The book goes to press March 18. This is ahead of schedules of recent years. It will be ready for distribution somewhere near April 30. The only large feature not yet well under way is the snap-shot section. This section is to be run in a Indiana Creamery Men Will Convene Tomerrow Indiana creamery men will meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 1 p. m. to discuss the possibilities of milk and cream improvement in the state. Walter Freeman, of Indianapolis, chairman of the cream and milk improvement committee of the state, will preside over the meeting. According to H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy husbandry department, a representative of the State Health Department will probably be there to aid in the discussion.
Prospects of winning a Big Ten title—and Jewell Young’s point garnering kept excitement up to a high pitch in last night’s Chicago game. During the first half, the main interest was centered on the score, with Purdue leading at the half way
mark, 29-19.
The second half took on an entirely different aspect. Interest then swayed over to Jewell Young’s scoring spree, and his point-a-minute shooting brought the crowd up shouting as the game neared its close and he kept rolling up the points.
Turns On Heat
Starting off with nine points in the first half. Brig turned on the heat in the second period to gamer 20 more and tie the Big Ten scoring record for one game which he tied last year and which Pick Dehner of Illinois tied this year in the Illinois-
Chicago game.
He did break one record though, and that, his own Big Ten record for points in a season. Last year he scored 172 points all year, and so far this season he has 174 to his credit, with still another game to go. In all of the games played in his college competition he has garn-
ered 455 points.
Now to get back to the game. Beretta opened up the scoring by sinking a long shot and Young got his first marker putting Purdue out in front 4 to 0. Chicago, however, was not to be left out in the cold at this stage of the game so Lounsbury and Eggemeyer managed to tie up the count. That was the last time that Chicago got within reach of
Purdue,
Chicago Scores 10 With seven minutes to play in the first half, Chicago again tried to come into the running. With the score 24 to 8, they made 10 points while the Boilermakers were scoreless, but they failed to bridge the gap and the half ended 29 to 19. Purdue’s markers came thick and fast the second half and all of the Boilermakers seemed endowed with an accuracy which left the Maroons gasping and bewildered. (Continued on page 2)
new way; the snaps will follow in chronological order. Editor Ehinger says that anyone having snaps they think suitable for the book should have them in by March 13. At that time the thirteen pages will be assembled. With 2,000 books already sold, the price will be raised Friday to $5.00. The Debris office will be open Thursday afternoon until 6 and from 7 to 9 that evening. After that time no $4,50 books will be sold. Postpone Third Marital Lecture Until Thursday The marital lecture by C. H. Robertson, Lafayette attorney, which was to have been held today in the large lecture room of the Education Building, has been postponed until Thursday at 5 p. m. The lecture on Thursday afternoon will be held in the place previously scheduled. Robertson’s speech on "Some of the Legal Aspects of Special Interest,” will be the third of a series of five martial lectures for senior students, and will be open to both men and women seniors. The last two of the series will be open to senior men
only.
Wildcats Drop 41-36 Battle To Buckeyes Northwestern suffered a double loss at Columbus last night, losing the game to the Buckeyes, 41-36, in an overtime tussle, and the services of Captain Fred Trenkle for the remainder of the season. Trenkle suffered a fracture of the left arm when he was fouled in driving under the basket. The score was knotted as 85-all as the regular playing period ended when John Schick, lank Ohio State sophomore center, flipped one in seconds before the gun fired. Northwestern dominated play in the first half which moved slowly, and held the advantage at half time, 18.13.
Agriculture SehooVs Cowden ^Skims The Cream’ For His Courses
Today the Exponent presents the second “Good Teacher and His Methods.” “Lots of fellows have forgotten more about teaching than I’ll ever know,” replied Dr. T. K. Cowden, of the farm management staff, last night to our questions on “teaching methods.” “Student interest depends upon the course more than the instructor,” came his modest retort to charges that students rank him as “tops” among teachers. “It’s easy to maintain interest in a course like marketing when you just dip in and take the cream of each phase for discussion.” (Most of his courses take up the marketing of agricultural products.) “But it takes a good man to teach something as deep as statistics,” he added.
Young Dr. Cowden, born in a small Pennsylvania village . . . educated at Ohio State, Penn State, and Cornell . . . came to the University after receiving his Ph. D. little more than a year ago ... spent four-years as Penn State instructor before going to Cornell for his Doctor’s degree. Rather short and stout, with a smile that bursts like a sunrise over his face. Dr. Cowden likes to teach. “But,” he says, “the day I get tired of teaching I’m going to hunt another job—^whether that may be in one or in 80 years.” Any Teaching Philosophy? “Do you have any particular philosophy of teaching?” we asked. “Yes, one for my own use,” he chuckled, “but I haven’t been at it
long enough to know whether it’s any good or not.” “You see, I believe the instructor should work harder than his students. I never intend to go into the classroom unless I’ve a two-hour lecture to deliver in an hour. By doing this and lecturing from an outline, I am able to keep moving and can eliminate the less/mportant details.” Re-lights Pipe Here he paused to re-light his pipe—a rather constant office companion. Keen-eyed, sharp-witted Dr. Cowden must have an exceptional capacity for work, say students. “I believe in getting to know students personally,” he philosophized. “I intend to know each man well enough to call him by first name.
and to enjoy a chat across the dinner table. Such informality seems to break down certain barriers, and we can just talk.” A busy man himself, he has no time for the loafer. If Joe College is down at Purdue just to spen<j the Old Man’s money without working, Dr. Cowden soon figures him out... and deals him out. Loafers, Beware If the student can’t understand . . . that’s a different story. “I’ve plenty ef time for the fellow who is trying but doesn’t comprehend the subject . . . but for the loafer: none.” “I never try to force an opinion down any student's thrbat,” he continued reflectively. “Rather, I want him to think for himself, and I hope that when he gets out of my course
he can recognize facts.” As for the theoretical—“I try to cover it with enough of the practical to make it interesting. If I can’t do that, I doubt its true value.” Grades Index To Ability ? How about grades . .. are they an index to student ability and efficiency? “To that and to the question about optional class attendance, I reply that I have not had enough experience to have a definite grading basis which students understand and can figure out for themselves.” Through work as a farm hand around Hickory, Pa., Di‘. Cowden became interested in agi’icultui’e. Now, after a most rapid rise in his chosen line, he likes agriculture better than ever. Much of his work has been done
in the milk and dairy industry. When milk delivei-ymen in Indianapolis went on a strike recently. Dr. Cowden was called in as technical adviser. As for leisure time, he “guesses that he likes to read in his own field ... and eat ice cream and cake about as well as anything else.” ... cards ? —no, they are out . . . sure he enjoys watching a ball game, but was never much of a player himself. A real individualist. Dr. Cowden believes in facts, and passes out reams of them to his classes every week via the mimeograph route ... doesn’t use jokes in his classroom very often because he “can’t tell'* one . . . there is dissenting opinion about this . . . hesitates to voice opinions on many things since “he is new here” and insists he “knows nothing about teaching.”■WpPilPiPP!""
£diJt&dcd,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
BOwufL
Tuesday, March 1, 1938
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Last Niglit’s Game..o . . . was not only the last home contest for the several seniors on "Piggy” Lambert’s Boilermaker basketball squad . . . it also marked the final trip most other members of the class of ’38 will make—as students—to the Fieldhouse for a basketball game. , _ Realization that these are really their last several days as dbllege students is dawning upon loss's seniors. You can almost see the fact staring out of their eyes as you meet them walking across the campus . . . they’re looking at the University in a different light than at any previous time during their undergraduate career. You can scarcely say the seniors are looking at the University for the first time—and yet in a sense it’s true for some of them. They are scrutinizing the buildings, the grounds, the personnel ... they are trying to drink in as much of the scenes as possible, because they know their days here are numbered. Of course, they saw the University as freshmen : they came here to find an assorted lot of buildings with several acres of campus and a strange horde of people. Those first days were rather happy ones, too . . . what with the welcoming fraternal and professorial hands . . . but they later learned those hands could be put to other ends. The seniors have seen the University in autumn put on its gay Saturday afternoon togs in preparation for a football game in RossAde Stadium . . . they have seen it afterwards in the glow of victory-—and in the gloom of defeat. They have seen the University in sportive vacation spirit and in serious examination mood . . . they have seen it promenade gaily to a party, or stay at home soberly to study. Each year the University took on a different look—as associations of the seniors reached wider and deeper. They caught a different picture with every change in scene and season. Yes, as the senior strides across campus—
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
Associated CoUegiate 'lltegs doUffliklfEliOfSt MADISOH WISCONSIM Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily exfcept Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY Nationa! Hdvertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Represemative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y,
CHICAGO - Boston -
Lp3 ANG
-LES - SAN Francisco
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor , — J- E. Brock Associate Editors , D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary ...-. Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.....: —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager ....W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R, Hensler Circulation Manager—.— M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
...., ...Elizabeth Pyke _..Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain J. k Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
Editor - Associate Editors-
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 BnelneM Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West L^ayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published hy undejrgraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Kroeplin Tuesday, March 1, 1938
today, tomorrow, the next day—he is seeing the University differently and more vividly than ever before. Perhaps he is remembering the wistful remark of his elders, "Your college days are your happiest” . . . and wondering if he, too, will some day say that.
Boilermakers Trample(Continued from page 1)
Both Rossin and Mullins of Chicago were detailed to guard Young during the contest and they both went out of the game via the personal four route before the contest closed. With but one minute left in the game, Young had 29 points, and his teammates fed him the ball continually as he tried to break the record, but to no avail. He couldn’t connect, and so the game ended. The game was marred by 36 fouls, 25 of them marked up to Chicago. Both of the officials were calling them close and the spectators evidenced their dissatisfaction by booing at first, but later in the game their attention was turned upon Young and their thoughts weren’t occupied with the officiating. Lineup and summary: Purdue (64) B. F. P. Young, f 11 7 3 Sines, f 3 2 1 Anderson, .c 3 6 1 Malaska, g ..2 1 3 Beretta, g 2 1 3 Fisher, f 1 1 0 Zink, f 1 0 0 Dickinson, g 0 , 0 0 Yeager, g 0 .0 0 Vernon, g 0 0 0 23 18 11 Chicago (33) B. F. P. Mullins, f 12 4 Cassels, f ... 3 0 3 Lounsbury, c ... 6 1 3 Rossin, g 0 14 Eggemeyer, g 0 1 4 Meyer, f 2 0 0 Stanley, f 1 0 2 Amundsen, c 0 0 0 Mahoney, g 0 0 1 Peterson, g 0 0 4 Isaacson, g 0 0 1 Payne, f 1 0 2
14
28
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Enroll in Our New ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., March 2, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED BALLROOM CLASS Friday, March 4, 7:00 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Colonel Blakely Says Am Well For Peace Stressing the idea that one sure way to preserve peace in an armed world is to be armed adequately. Col. C. S. Blakely, head of the University ROTC unit, addressed the agricultural staff members attending the regular February luncheon in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. Pictures Defenses Colonel Blakely presented a word picture of the United States’ armed forces with respect to the National Defense Act of 1920 and the quotas of the Washington Naval Conference of 1922. The country’s army and personnel is far from being large in numbers when compared with other countries, said Colonel Blakely, and the navy is far below the quotas set up in the Washington Conference. He said that other countries concerned in the agreement, which expires this year, have equalled or have now passed the limitations of the conference. He predicted a naval race would take place between the leading world powers in the immediate future. Praises ROTC The University military head highly praised the work being done in the ROTC units throughout the country, and the organization setup at Purdue. Members of the committee in charge of the March luncheon were announced as follows: N. K. Ellis, chairman; Dave Phendler, W. P. Albright, and Starley Hunter. Ag Men To Discuss AAA Act Of '38 At Meeting State supervisors, fieldmen; §nd members of the Indiana agricultural conservation committee will attend a two-day meeting Thursday and Friday, March 3 and 4 at the University. Provisions of the agricultural adjustment act of 1938 will be explained at the meeting, announced L. M. Vogler, chairman of the state committee, yesterday. Claude Wickard, former Carroll county farpier, now director of the AAA’s noi’th central region of 10 states including Indiana, and L. B. Ellis ef the AAA’s office in Washington, D. C., will be present at the conference. A definite meeting place had not ‘ been decided upon, it was announced late last night.
Letters tp the Editor
Each Saturday morning at 11:15 WBAA’s Joe Dupree interviews soc^Jled “common people” of hereabouts for the entertainment of station listeners. Originally titled “Don’t Listen . . Unless You Want to Hear the Truth About Life Experiences of Common People of the Community,” the program is now briefly announced as “Don’t Listen.” —Editor.
Don’t Listen Dear Editor : Every Saturday morning I listen to WBAA—and, every Saturday morning at precisely 11:15 a solemn voice drifts out of the speaker, saying, “Don’t Listen!” Obediently, I have always flipped the switch on my radio to turn it off. Always at 11:30 alibis again O.K. and. I can listen to all the programs I please—until next Saturday at 11:15. Now, as a good ( ?), fee-pay-ing Purdue student, I demand to know what goes on during this quarter-hour! Does the staff take a 15-minute rest? Do they use the time to smooth out the announcements ? (The programs could stand a bit of it). What does happen? Eureka! I have it! Perhaps they take this quarter-hour to get together and write letters to Mr. Insley! If this is the case, and I don’t see how it could be otherwise, it seems that with fifteen whole minutes to think things over, some intellectual would stumble upon the fact that the main issue of this controversy 'is neither the ability nor character of Mr. Insley, nor the “blanket effect” of WBAA. Who would care, who would complain about the “blanket effect,” IF our station produced the most entertaining programs available to its listeners? In my opinion, complaints on this “effect” should not get technical electrical replies from WBAA’s staff, but should make the staff ask itself, “Why do these persons WANT to tune out WBAA?” Pm certain there is a remedy. G. W. F., EE ’40.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
FAMOUS LAST LINES Mary Wien (Cherry Pie Champ): “It’s fun being famous, but you get tired of having flash bulbs burst in your face after a while.” The “flash bulbs bursting” remind us faintly of “bombs bursting in air ...” TCKY ICTHYOLOGIST We’re coining a new word which we mean to use in describing a person who is a super-fish . . . the word is “ichthyologist” . . . meaning a fish specialist. Now that we’ve defined it, we’re gonna use it. Thomas Glazebrook, SPE flash, is an “ichthyologist” . . . because he’s hoarding a tiny newspaper picture of Georgia Norman and says: “Georgia has refused my requests for dates 12 times ... but I’m gonna call her again.” Why, Tom, you can’t hope to succeed this time . . . it’s number 13. Orchids to the Chicago basketball coach for his actions last night. When Young had 29 points and was trying vainly to swish that recordbreaking bucket. The Chicago mentor yells to the referee: “How much time is there left?” “Forty-five seconds,” came the reply. “Give the ball to Young,” the coach screamed to his players, but his shouts were drowned in the uproar of the crowd . . . and you know the rest ... Joe Zettel, Ficap lover, received a “deepest sympathy” card from a gal friend in Fort Wayne. The verse read: In days like this When things seem blue, All your sorrows Are my sorrows, tool She appended the note: “I hear you are in love.” We wonder what Tubbsie will say to that? The Sig Eps, realizing that some of the hoys had been taken in quite frequently published a ‘Whale List.’ The list was as follows: Frank Lewis 100% whale Walter Bates 99% whale (Coming up fast) Lowell McNeill 88(4% Dick McNeill 10% (Learning the ropes) There’s a rumor about that a very prominent senior activity man ... one holding a prominent senior job . . . who got hitched quietly a few days ago. We’ll give two Mars Double Passes for information concerning this marriage which is of value in disclosing the guilty senior. Wishing you luck. Women’s Athletics Play Day Tryouts for the WAA Play Day to be held at Chicago on Saturday, March 5, are being held in the Women’s Gym. Approximately 50 girls have been attending each basketball practice. Two squads will be chosen to represent Purdue. The members of these teams will be announced in Wednesday’s Exponent. Ten other universities from Indiana and Illinois have accepted invitations to participate in the meet. Purdue’s teams will play two short games on Saturday.
Volley Bail In the interclass volleyball games played yesterday afternoon in the Women’s Gym, the sophomores forfeited their 4 o’clock game to the juniors and the freshmen won oyer the seniors, 36 to 24. Juniors beat the freshmen with a score of 32 to 12 in a game played at 4:30; the game scheduled at that time between the freshmen and the sophomores was Hot played.
GRIN AND BEAR
By Lichty
-and you’ll find our training is thorough—why, 60 per cent of last year’s graduates have already married their employers!”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee We’re writing this column today for ourselves as well as our readers. And we’re not just sure that we know the answer to our problem. Here’s the problem—How can we remember names and faces, faces and names ? Mr. X, let us say, maybe a vei'y real friend whose name we don’t know. We speak often to friends about the campus whose names we’ve never heard. The solution we’re going to try for ourselves and suggest to you is one which Dr. Hadley uses for the nth
term of a binomial raised to a power. “Just try to forget it,” he says. So hereafter when we meet a new person and learn his name we’re going to “Try to forget it.” Dr. Hadley says we’ll not be able to. JJnion Bowling Tourney JVon By Boilermakers University Union bowlers won two out of three matches from the Illinois Union teams at a tournament held Saturday at Illinois. The Gold and Black co-ed team and the faculty team were both victorious, while the Purdue eds met with a decisive defeat.
kl TODAY TOMORROW America’s Greatest Young Star Will Steal Your Heart Again
ARC
TODAY & WEDNESDAY
MURPHYl — and — HARRY CARY in "BORDER CAFE” — also — “WILD. WEST DAYS” —PLUS— “MARCH OF TIME”
EXTRA I!
■Charlie “Wooden Head” McCarthy in “DOUBLE TALK”
thiumfhi
The American epic ol love and adventure! Spectacularly pro' duced by M-G-M with a cast of thousands'
witti WALTER HUSTON JAMES STEWART • BEULAH BONDI GUY KIBBEE CHAS. COBURN Today - Wed. JOHN CARRAOlNf LUMA
ROBERT^ TAYLOR 4yMK-i ammD with Lioiiel BARRVRUORE ^MAUREEN VIVIEN O'SULLIVAN . LEIGH TODAY — WEDNESDAYTuesday, March 1, 1938
THE PURDUE
Spifiiiu
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Fencing Squad Defeated In Return Match With Notre Dame Duelists
Greens Defeat Reds, 38-35, In Second Frosh Tilt
Hardesty Wins 2 Bouts At Chicago Wilmer A. “Red” Hardesty, one of the four University students representing Lafayette in the Chicago Golden Gloves tournament, made his way into the semi-finals last night by winning two bouts during the piogram. He was the only Purdue entiy to fight yesteiday. If he wins his next bout, it will give him a place in the final bout of the 126 pound class. Thi ee other Lafayette contestants saw action yesterday. Jones won his first fight but was eliminated in the second in the 112 pound class. Robinson won both of his bouts to place him alongside Hardesty in the semifinals. Robinson’s weight is 118 pounds. Morrison, the other Lafayette entry, lost his first fight in the 135 pound class.
In a return match with Notre Dame Saturday, at South Bend, the Gold and Black fenceis lost 17-10 The Irish showed much improvement since their previous meeting with the Boilermakeis at the dedication of the Pieldhouse, when the Puidue fencers won 16-13. Notre Dame proved strong in the sabre and the foils, winning the foils 6-3 and the sabie 7-2. Purdue took the epee by the close margin of 5-4. In Big Ten competition, the Boileimakers have won three, lost one, and tied one. Their Midwest lecoid so far is five wins, thiee losses and one tie.
FRATERNITY RIFLE —Todaj — 4 00—Phi Kappa, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Delta Theta, Lambda Chi Alpha, Kappa Sigma. 5:00—D. U., Delta Tau Delta, Beta Theta Pi, Beta Sigma Psi, A. T. O.
LESTER’S BILLIARD PARLOR ON THE WEST SIDE Equipment Includes 3 Snooker Tables “Across From “Deac’s”
Swarts And Gutting Lead Rousing Green Raily “Dutch” Fehring’s team of Gieen freshmen turned the tables on the Reds last night in the cuitain laiser of last night’s basketball game, coming up from behind late in the last half to win 38-35. The tuo teams weie fai fiom the same two that played last week, howevei, as Fehiing tiled to balance the squads by mixing the teams Chambeilain, who led the Reels to victoiy in the eailiei engagement again giabbed high point hon01 s by making foui baskets and two fiee thiows, but was unable to keep the Gieens fioin finishing with a lush to pu'-h out in fiont with about eight minutes to go, nevei to diop behind again. Webei, Igney Sink Thiee Webei and Igney aided Chambeilain in the scoiing depaitment with three field goals each, while Stallings diopped in two baskets and Rohi baugh and Brough hit one each Bausman, Rechenbach, and Hardy also played then part in the Red effoits, although not making any field goals. Swaits and Gutting headed the Gieen upiising late in the second half. With the score 27-21 in favor of the Reds, Pauline, Gutting, and Schlater suddenly started a scoiing
CLASS A FRATERNITY SQUASH 4 00— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tau Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Pi Kappa Phi T. E. P. vs T. K. E. Theta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 4.45— Theta Xi vs ATO. Triangle vs Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. All games will be played in the town couits above Dice’s Diugstoie at Eighth and Main stieet^
spiee which pulled the Gieen out in tiont 28-27 bcfoie Chambeilain hit foi the Reds. Befoie the end of the game Swaits diopped m thiee moie baskets foi the Gieen, Gutting made two, and Witsman one Gutting, Swarts Lead Winners Gutting and Svaits scored nine and eight points respectively to lead the Gieen to victoiy. Pauline and Bosse hit two field goals apiece, as Witsman, Coiiell, Schlatei and Bimduse each dropped in one. Poitei sank two fiee throws for the Gieens, who weie well enough balanced that no one on the team failed to score. This was the last appearance of the two teams until they move up to fill in the vaisity vacancies next season.
Enjoy Post Tonight
MIS MSIiMl'ilfOUffiliCS? SmSCM. . on iiejieldand Introducing “Muscles” Medwick (ex“Ducky Wucky”), the fightingest fighter in the Cardinals’ Gashouse Gang. The National League’s most valuable player and leading hitter is apt to fight anybody, friend or foe. Why^ How did he quiet even Dizzy Dean? Plere’s a story for the Hot Stove Leaguers. Lord Medwick, of Carteret by J. ROY STOCKTON
** Cowboy, don’t get roped by that OHilE-flJIIICH The boys in the bunkhouse shook their heads when Buck Langdon fell for a wealthy Eastern girl. Maybe Eleanor was different —but suppose it turned out she just went for the big hat, and the spurs, and the scenery? What then? Buck knew a way to find out, and he staked everything on it. A short story. Country Boy.
by OLIVER LA FARCE
ALSO . What’s happening to America’s crusade for peace? Stanley High tells you in Peace, Inc .. . Guy Gilpatnc describes a battle, octopus vs. octopus, and Garet Garrett reports on just what caused the “recession.” Plus the second installment of Tho Gay Banditti; stories, articles, cartoons.
% sW*' . . • *.0*-
'".viik
Y oung DAVID BEATON joined the rush when the thnlling cry of “Freeland!” lured homesteaders westward. There lay opportunity, and adventure. His bride, Mary, felt the excitement of it. She trembled when she heard about the perilous land ahead of them —the tough, lonely land that might break them before they could break it... Turn to your Post today and begin “Free Land,” a new full-length novel of pioneer life in the Dakotas.
Beginning a New Novel of Adventurous Pioneer Days by ROSE /
Sigma Chi Enters Semi-Fnais Of Fraternity Basketbait; Downs Aipha Gamma Rho, 38-25, In Exciting Game Sigma Chi’s basketball team eliminated the Alpha Gamma Rho’s from the inter-fraternity basketball tourney yesterday by
a score of 38-25.
During the opening minutes of the game, the two teams seemed evenly matched a^ the score teetered back and forth m favor of each teapi in a duel between biicketeers Earl Martin of the Sigma Chi’s, and Williamson of the Alpha Gamma Rho’s. However, the Sigma Chi’s, by \irtue of accurate passing, snatching of rebounds, and the ten points ',cored by Earl Martin, soon forged ahead and led at the half, 20-11
AGR’s Ralb - Alpha Gamma Rho began the "Ccond half with a ^hoit lalb which was nipped in the bud by Vyveibeig of the Sigma Chi’s who staitcd anothei spiee foi his team With fi\e minutes of play left in the game, the Alpha Gamma Rho’s again iallied by sinking thiee field goals and a charity toss to cut the Sigma Chi’s margin to seven points at 30-23
This time it was Loienz along uith Kiaus of the Sigma Chi’s who bioke through and started the ball poiiiing thiough the hoop foi Sigma Chi while the Alpha Gamma Rho’s sunk a lone field goal and left the scoie 38 to 25 foi Sigma Chi. Three Teams Remain This game leaves thiee teams m the finals. Sigma Chi and Sigma Alpha Epsilon have lost a game each while Sigma Pi has been unbeaten Each team must lose two games befoie it IS eliminated. Sigma Chi and Sigma Alpha Epsilon will meet to see which is the team to face Sigma Pi The team which play« Sigma Pi will have to win two consecutive game to win the toiiiney FRATERNITY BOWLING Lafayette Bowling Alle> 3 45—Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Pi Phi, Lambda Chi Alpha, SAE, and Theta Tau.
CENVINE FILTERS PACKED ONLY IN THIS RED AND BLACK BOX MADE MEDICO WORLO’SiMOOTHESTSMOKE FlLTeR.COOLED NEMCO SOMETHING WONDEREUL GOES ON INSIDE: It has the onlyPat’d filter combining moisture-proof Cellophaneexteriorand 66 Baffle absorbent mesh screeninterior; resulting in greatest scientific pipe smoking invention ever known. Prevents tongue hite, raw month, wet heel, bad odor, frequent expectoration. No breaking in. Improves the taste and aromaofany tobacco.
Frosh Runners Lose Telegraphic Meet Paced by then tzaditionally
stiong long-distance runneis, Indiana Univeisity’s freshman track team defeated the Boilermaker fiObh 72-32 in a two-day telegraphic
meet last week.
Rankin of Purdue took one fiist and tied for another. He led the 60 yaad low hmdleis across the finish line and broke the tape at the finish with Denny of Indiana, to tie in the 60 yaid high hurdles. Holdeiman finished third in the half-mile and in the mile for the Gold and Black. He ciossed the line two-tenth of a second behind Hedge of Indiana m the 880 yai d event Coming in for honois in the field events, Purdue took first and second in the pole vault and bioad jump, as Hibbs and Edwaids managed to jump highei than their Indiana iivals, and Tykocki and Verink were teamed together to push their opposition fiom down the state into third place in the bioad jump. Other Puidue places were taken by Weber, second in the shot put, Monke, thud in the high jump; and Czvizlei, thud in the 440 yard run. BASKETBALL "
—Today—
Court 1—Gale-Mann 4 00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho or Sigma
Chi.
Couit 1—Igney 7.00—Eveigreen vs. Wesley 7"IS—Chauncey vs. Rochdale. 8 25—Delta Chi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho (B) 8 40-^Sigma Nu vs ATO (B). Couit 2—Mangas 7-00—Bastile vs. Salisbuiy. 7-15—Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. I 5 25—Sigma Chi vs Pi Kappa Alpha (B). 8 40—SAE vb Lambda Chi Alpha
(B).
Couit 3—Aronson 7 00—Maiwood vs. Luma. 7 15—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kap-
pa
8 25—Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Sig ma Psi. 8'40—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER Wed., March 2, 6:30 P. M. INTERMEDI4TE Thurs., March 3, 6:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, March 4, 6:30 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices
WINNIE’S
HAMBURGERS
Pie Cc
345
Ice Ciream \m
State
iiriiiiiiiiiTaiM4
f:
!»iV
mi
<Xoazt (Mbu
THE PORDOE EXPONENT
^ntScoA
Tuesday, March 1, 1938
Notices No NotiCLS Accepted After 8 p.i
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, lented, and repaiied. Supplies Multigraph and mimeogiaph iioik C F EbeishofF, 605 Main sti eet
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1 —LOMMEL
MODERN, rURMSHED—Sleep mg loom Steam heat, lunning hot iiatei Good location Dial 71201 Florists To Register Tomorrow In Union Registiation in the Union lobby foi all visiting floiists will initiate the eleventh annual Indiana Floiisti Confeience tomoiiow morning \ veiies of lectuies by membeis of the Univeisity hoiticultuie staff and visitois vvnll be piesented tomoiiow afternoon and Thuisday One of the main featui es of the confeience will be the display of new floral creations The exhibit w ill be shown in the lobby of the Memoiial Union Building dunng the two-day conference Thursday’s program will include a floral musicale of 60 voices under the direction of A P Stewait, Univeisity musical directoi Accepts New Post Miss Mary Dienhait, Phaim ’34, accepted a new position as phaimacist for the Rockfoid, 111 , hospital She was formeily with the Methodist Hospital, Gary.
English Condition Examinations In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday March 12, 1 p m , in Education Building, room 201 —CEEEK
Conditions in Mathematics: Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday March 19 at 1 p m in the Recitation Building Students who wish to take this examination must report to the instructor who gave the condition before March 1 —MARSHALL
ASME" All members inteiested in presenting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday March 9 call W B Wolverton, "■1332 —CLUTTER Radio Club Meet Tuesday, March 1 in loom C of the Union Code practice starts at 7 p m , regular meeting at 7 30 —LIPPMAN
F-4 Military Basketball- Court 2 has been reserved for Tuesday, Maich 1 at 4 p m Elect two co-captains before next game —LOWNIE
Christian Science Organization • Regular meeting will be held in the Engineer office in the Union Building, Tuesday, March 1, at 7 30 p m —winter
Freshmen Anyone interested in working on the Green Potter dance get in touch with me before Thursday March 3 —BRODD
WAA Basketball Tuesday March 1 at 4 p m Chi Omega vs WRH S and Ward 2 vs Phi Mu 4 30 p m Alpha Chi vs Ward 1 and Pedallion vs Collegiana —MORRIS
Men’s Glee Club March I at 5 p m
WSGA No Judiciary Tuesday night Maich 1
Rehearsal Tuesday,
—PHILLIPS Board meeting
-MOORHEAD
E-2 Basketball Will the following men please report for basketball practice Wednesday Mar 2 at 4 00 p m Wells Wright Klinker Scott Evers De La Croix Johnson Baldock Fauk —DeWITT
L\DIES GYMNASTIC DANCING CLASS OPENS Thursday, March 3, 7.15 P. M. Limbering, Stretching, and a Musical Comedy Tiller Dance Taught Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Scabbard and Blade There will be a veiy important meeting of all active members Thursday, March 3 at 7 30 p m in the Armory by order of the national inspector All active members will attend in formal uniform —BAALS
Senate Short meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday March 1 m the Senate office —ROHYANS
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds Impoitant meeting in old chestnut room of the Union Wednesday March 2 at 4 15 o’clock —PYKE
YWCA Literature Group Meeting in the YWCA office Tuesday, March 1 at 4 p m —LEAMING
Student Union Workers. My committee will meet in Student Union office at 4 p m Tuesday March 1 —CABONARGI
«the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic Da. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Jewelry —— R, J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street RaEISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, bnt we do it well. WaBace Block 822 Ferry St. OppMdte Poet Ofl&ce
Printing
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Stalioneiy . Wedding Invitations
PHONE - Sales Books, Etc 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Locksmith
“C” CARTER for Ktys — Locka — General Repaiiinjr Knife and Bclaaor Grindl^ New L.CJf. and Norton Door Checka Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dine —
Frank’s Place For those delicious Tenderloin Sandwiches and Good Chili 111 Vine Sl, W. Lafayette
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Important meeting Tuesday, March 1, at 7 30 p m in the Armory All pledges must be present —ALEXANDER
Student Union Workers: Everyone on our committees meet in the workshop at 4 p m Tuesday, March 1 —TAYLOR, SAMUELSON Sigma Delta Chi Meeting in Union Exponent office, 7pm Tuesday March 1 —FORSTER Delta Rho Kappa Meeting Thursday, Maich 3 at 4 p m , loom C Shoit but very important Everyone must come —CROMER
gel, Ourand, Beddoe, Layson Program Yates, temp chair, Thompson, Rosenthal, Hosier, Cash, Tnmble, Ference, McMullen, Caldwell Chaperone Knepper, temp chair , McMaster, Bergman, Crow Ticket Newhagen, temp, chair , DelValle, Woodward, Stewart Butler, Sachar Publicity McKee, temp chair, Hartzell, Hall, Reed, Ludeka —BRODD
Lutheran Students Association: Meeting in room B of Union Wednesday, March 2, at 4 30 p m Dr C P Harry, of the Board of Education in Lutheran church, will talk —PLANK.
Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting Tuesday, March 1, at 4 p m.. In the Union. —SKINNER
Of Thee I Sing: All members of construction crew report to sub-basement of Union at 4 p m Tuesday, March 1 —MATTHEWS
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P M 11 and P M 12 will be jriven in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p m , March 16, 1938 —RISING
Student Union Workers. Will the lollowing people please meet in the Student Union office at 6 p m Tuesday March 1 Ruth Zimmerman, R C Kany, Mary McClelland, Dick DeMars, Thais Crepps, Maiten Estey, Ruth Hall, 'Vincent Hruby Georgiana Baker, John Richardson James Rice Charles Kramer, Muriel Smith Virginia Royce, Phyllis Shake, June Sutei, Alice Newton, Catherine O’Leary, Mary Jane Kyle James Moore, William Keenan, Paul Srtiyth, C Micheh, E Butler, 'W Guaid, W Crow, J Chester, E Stonei, R Bratten, R Bauman —JACOBSON
WAA Basketball Compulsory practice Tuesday, March 1, at 5 16 o’clock for players planning to go to Chicago Sports Day Squads to be announced in Wednesday s Exponent —BRADY
Gold Peppers Meeting at 6 p m Tuesday, March 1, in WS(?A office —SLOCUM
Praternity Presidents’ Council: Meeting Thursday, March 3 at 6 p m , at the Theta Chi house —WHITING Green Potter Dance Committees The following committees have been ap pointed Temporary chairmen see Brodd and also schedule a meeting of their committee before Saturday, March 6 Decoration Elley, temp, chair, Rehm, Natter, Berger, 'Wright, Adler, Durham, Wadsworth, Elkin, Gits, Black, Chalberg Orchestra Yankowski, temp chair, Hu-
^^t)avice6 You’ve heard that expression so often about the girls in your set. Two to one she is more particular about her clothes. Crown Cleaning is favored by particular people.
MmBm
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
^youllfind MORE PLEASURE in Chesterfields milder better task
Copyrighc I93B. IiGonT it Mysm Tobacco O.