I t*
SERVICE PAGE Tell§ Of Convq, In Music Hall
^ 'v y i« y 4-f^, • - ; ^ EDITORIAL .0 Recognizes Efforts tj Of AWS, WAA '%'
EstabUshed 1889
25 More Days
Vdliimid 56, No. 35
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, |uly 211^ T1
Henry Scott, Pianist, To Play For Convo Friday Harry Reed Will Play For Starlight Dance
Student Union Will Sponsor Season's First Outdoor Affair “Dancing under the stars” will be the theme of the first outdoor dance of the season, to be held on the women’s tennis courts Saturday evening from 8:30 to 11:30. The Student Union, which is sponsoring the affair, has ejitended invitations to civilian students, RCA cadettes, CurtissWright and Wright Field girls and all service men enrolled in University courses.
The dance will be a “cut dance” with both ed and coed stags invited. Dress will be strictly informal with everything including sport clothes in per-
fect taste.
One of the main aims of the dance is to keep everyone as cool as possible. Two such dances were held here last summer, and both were extremely successful. The dancers found that the cool evening breezes and comfortable apparel enabled them to concentrate on moie pleasant subjects than keeping cool. This is the third in the series of servicemen’s dances scheduled this summer by the Student Union and is not to be confused with the carnival which was held in the Women’s Gym last Saturday because of threatening weather. Refreshments will be available and there will be no admission charge to the dance. Harry Reed and his oichestra will play for the, affair.
Folk Awhirlers,1VAA Will Teach Dances Wednesday In Gym In answer to the many requests received from servicemen, cadettes, and regular students, square dancing will be held in the Women’s Gymnasium Wednesday evening from 7:30 to 9:30. The Purdue Polk Awhirlers and WAA members will be present to help anyone who wants to learn square dancing and other games that are planned for the evening. The Folk Awhirlers were formed in October, 1941, by Kenneth Truax to help in connection with folk dances and in order to develop leaders to aid in recreational activities. They arp composed of agricultural students on the campus and have appeared all over the state as well as at many of the conferences held at the University. If there is sufficient inteiest in this form of entertainment plans will be made to make these dances a regular campus event. * WiM. Library Gets New Books During the week of July 9-16, numerous books in various subjects have been added to the Library. Books have been added in agriculture, biology, chemistiy and chemical engineering, economics, engineering, education, English, histoiy, matheniatics, modern language, pharmacy, and other various miscellaneous subjects. In Agriculture the following have been shelved: Sanders, “A Guide to Bird Songs,” and Pettingill, “A Laboratory & Field Manual of Ornithology.” To the Biology Shelf has been added: Winchell, “Elements of Mineralogy”, and Davis, “The Chemistry of Powder and Explosives”. On the history shelf one can find: Nistor, “Bessarabia & Bukovina”, Quintanilla’s, “A Latin American Speaks” can also be founc|. Other new books may be located in the shelves devoted to their respective fields.
Carmichael
Leaves Here
For Navy
Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University’s English staff, has terminated his connection with the University upon receiving his orders to report for induction into the Navy as a lieutenant, junior grade. He will report for induction and training in New York on July 28. He had enlisted some time ago in
the U. S. Naval Reserve.
Dr. Carmichael will be remembered as the directol’ of Playshop for the past several years during which some excellent plays have
been produced.
Lieutenant Carmichael, his wife and daughter, Ann, who have been living at the Varsity Apartments, are visiting friends and relatives in Verona and Madison, Wisconsin. From there they will go to visit friends in Ohio before he leaves for
active duty.
Union To Sponsor 'Juke Box Jamboree' student Union will hold a matinee “juke box jamboree” tomorrow from 4 to 6 p. m. in the North Ballroom of the Union. Dancing will be to recorded m'^ic, and the dancers may feel free to request any of their favorite records. Admission will be ten cents per person. Student Union would also like to apologize for the misunderstanding which occurred last week —this time they claim the dance really will be held.
Sarnoff, RCA Head, Will Visit Cadettes On Campus Today ' David Sax'noff, president of RCA, will be on campus this afternoon and evening to visit RCA cadettes and to inspect research being done for RCA, according to Frances M. Tallmadge, RCA representative on campus. G. S. Meikle, director of research connected with industry, will conduct Sarnoff on a tour of inspection of research. Sarnoff will also visit cadettes in their classes. A dinner will be given for Sarnoff and officials of the company in the Union at 6 p. m. by F. A. Kirkpatrick of the RCA Victor division in Indiana. Afterward Sarnoff will address the RCA cadettes at their monthly convocation held at 8:30 p. m. in WRH South. Following this he will be given a reception in the Hall. Sarnoff is making a tour of inspection of RCA in Indiana. He has been associated with radio since 1919, the date of the beginning of RCA and has been very infiuential in radio. Although not in a uniform he is a colonel on leave from the army. He is also head of NBC and the Blue network since RCA is the parent of both organizations. Pamphlet Tells Campus News In order to keep University staff ipembeis who are on leave, or perhaps have resigned either for duty in the armed services or in othei fields closely allied to the war program, a monthly letter is at presept being distributed by the University. This mimeographed publication called “PurdUe, Day by Day”, was prepaied at the suggestion of President Elliott and is designed to give some of the high spots of campus news. It gives a day by day account of campus happenings, some important, some not, but gives the staff members a means of knowing what is taking place while they aie on duty elsewhere.
'Bill' Miller Discusses His Ideas On Teaching
As Told To Bill Tyson Prof. W. T. “Bill” Miller, recent winner of the Sigma Delta Chi Good Teacher award has his own ideas on what a good teacher should and should not be. In his line of work he does not deal with a large number of students at a single time but only comes into contact with a limited number of junior and senior mechanical engineers. He has pioved to the students studying under him that school is not just a matter of studying and passing tests but a place to learn how to live with people. He says it is his job to help them find out if they don’t already know, how to get along in the world. Average Student His great interest lies in the average or less than average student, although he says this is only a comparative statement because any student has to have “brains” to get as fai as a junior engineer at the Univei sity. He pays tribute to the haid task instructors in the freshmen classes have of weeding out the “dumb” ones and that chiefiy because of the methods they have to use, their sterling service is not realized or appreciated by the ordinary student. Personal Knowledge To get back to his interest in people, it is because of this that ha
gets to know every student in his class personally and because of this that he is intprested in their problems be they large or small. He feels that it is his job as a teacher not just to stand up in front of the class and thiow knowledge their way, but to give them a desire to find out more, by developing their interest m the subject. He of course believes that a teacher should go out of his way to be fail to the students So that he encouiages the working of outside work in groups but gives no ciedit for it. Good Studept Prof. Miller also has his idea of a good student. First he says, to be a good student one has to be interested in the subject and must have brains to a certain degree. Secondly he should have self confidence and ability to think for himself without always following the crowd. And third he should be loyal, not only to his parents, his friends and his school, but to himself and to any organization he is connected with. Miller is not a professional teacher, being an engineer with a liking for boys, and so he has no theories of the best way to teach or the most efficient way to teach, but only has the desire to teach them what problems they will have to face in a professional world in which he has had much experience.
Drama Group May Change 'Man' Lead Playshop is still in doubt as to who will have the role of Sheridan Whiteside in its production of “The Men Who Came to Dinner” Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Satur-
day.
George Sykes, originally scheduled for that part, has been confined to the navy sick bay since last Wednesday when he was stricken with a staphlococcus infection, and it IS doubtful whether he will be available for the part by Wednes-
day.
Ross Smith, director of the production, is ready to take over the part if Sykes is still confined to his bed, or is physically unable to play the role Wednesday night. Season tickets to the production, and the tickets now on sale for 75c will admit any civilian to the productions on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday nights. The Saturday show is reserved for the servicemen now on the campus. Two of these servicemen are scheduled to appear. George Sykes, who had the male lead, and Crews Perkey. Both are former University students who were inducted into the V-12 early this month. The shows are scheduled for 8 p. m. and there will be no reserved seats. Moving? Civilian students who have changed their local places of residence during the last few weeks are requested to call at the Registrar’s office. Goldsmith’s offiee, and the Personnel Service on the ground floor of the Executive Building and give their new address. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. Goldsmith, Dean of Men L. Cason, Personnel Service Farm Youths Cooperation Saves Crops In a recent report prepared by Roscoe Fraser University extension horticulturist on the value of Indiana town boys and girls in the production and marketing of vegetables, the National Association of Junior Vegetable Growers was informed that the willing cooperation of Hoosier high school youth has meant the production and saving of thousands of dollais of vegetables and fruits. Some of the specific cases in which the young members of the U. S. Crop Corps have answered emergency farm labor needs include the saving of precious tomato plants in Knox County during the week ending June 7, 1943, when 327 boys and giils were rushed to the tomato plant fields to pull weeds, thus preventing the destruction of a number of plants which were later distributed to growers in many parts of the state. Supply Berry Pickers Again, during the week of June 2, the county agent’s office in Ter^re Haute placed 38 boys and girls as berry pickers and during the week of June 9, 416 boys and girls were recruited to set tomato plants and to pick strawberries. In his report, Fraser commented, “These are excellent demonstrations on how vegetable and fruit growers are getting quick light help to do emergency work. More and more vegetable growers are being convinced tfiey have a real manpower reserve in the town boys and girls,”
PIA Will Sponsor Picnic Saturday At Columbian Park Purdue Independent Organization is sponsoring a picnic on Saturday, July 24, at 2 p. m. Columbian Park has been picked as the site of the outing. Varied forms of entertainment have been planned, the most welcome of which is the chance to go swimming. In addition, games and other entertainment have been ar-
ranged.
All PIA members are invited and they may bring one guest. Due to the food situation, reservations must be made 'by this evening. Those interested may call or leave a message for Jim Perille at 2607 or Betty Jane Ribordy at 3471. The regular picnic dinner Will be at 6 p. m. WAA Plans Golf Meet For Sunday Afternoon Whether or not entrants in the “Scotch Foursome” golf meet Sunday will be required to sing out “$^.98” instead of “fore” is the only unsolved problem of WAA officers who are planning the meet. For the benefit of the uninitiated, a “Scotch Foursome” is a group of four golfers in which only two balls are used, the two persons playing the same ball being partners. Entrants in the meet Sunday afternoon are requested to report to the club house at 1:30, and they may come as couples or singly and be assigned partners. Servicemen are particularly urged to enter. Two golf balls will be given as prizes. There is no entry fee, however the usual charge of 30c for 9 holes will be made. Th,ose persons desiring additional information about the meet may call Betty Hutchins at 6091.
By Nita Garrett
H^nry Scott, the noted pianist-humorist who is a University convocation next Friday night in the Music ]Sp« has a long string of successful appearances behind him.^ of the most interesting of his recitals was the Town feill Concert at New York City in September, 1941. Sponsored by one of the major piano companies as no OthSr outsanding pianist has
since Paderewski was to this country fn 1891,
succeeded in breaking t^e
Pole’s record of 26 notes
second by 1% seconds. Seok’s
record was 44 2/3 seepnds.
Critic’s Hail Scott
The New York Times said performance “. . .Scott, witlr lini genial personality, found an Outlet for his high spirits and M quaint humor in an unconventionlh type of entertainment that mado'n pronounced success with his Jaxge audience.” ' Some of Scott’s other achievements include a six weeks engagement at the Rainbow Room, BaiKo City, New York, and appearance at West Point and Annapolis. > " r Scott's programs have been known to be a mixture of hokulB, swing, classical numbers, Tpailtomime, and “concert satire.” Never A Dull Moment Evidence that Scott doesn't take himself too seriously as a- ptai^ was shown when he said to the audience at the Town H|tll Concert before attempting LiaXt^a Second Hungarian Rhapao^. ^ > Having played the pihno l^cd ^a was four years old, Scott as a popular entertainer throu^ his college days at Syracuse Urfversity and has progressed steadlljr since as an artist and humo:fifet.' In the studio ot the New York Apartment where Scott lives wifih his wife, the former Mary Bard, he practices for hours ott end, teaches students, studies-se^
Army Reports Capt. Spitzer Lost In Plane Captain Robert D. Spitzer, navigator on a United'States bomber, who has received numerous medals for participation in action in the Pacific was aboard a plane reported missing from Mather Field, California, since Wednesday, according to a telegram received by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Willis Spitzer of Anderson. Captain Spitzer was a student in the School of Science before
entering the service.
Spitzer has been on special missions for the army since his return to his country in April, his first visit in two years, after much action in
the Pacific.
One of Anderson’s outstanding war heroes. Captain Spitzer holds two Distinguished Flying Crosses, two Purple Heart Awards and Four
Air Medals.
Hort'iculf'urists Urge Immediate Planting It isn’t yet too late*for hardworking, hungdry, victoi'y gardeners to plant fall crops. University horticulturists reported today. Such vegetables as kohlrabi, kale, sweet
corn, bush green beans, and cucum- ously and invents gadgets. Kke Ws
bers, all ideal for the Thanksgiving spread, if planted immediately, may well fill the family’s vegetable needs far into the Autumn season.
“technic mitten”, a glove arthng^ ment for strengthening a pian^'a hands. > i'
H, 6. Abhett Controls ^Campus Essential
By Margaret BaynesLocated east of the Music Hall, south of the Pharmacy Building and entirely surrounded by Executive Building is that most venerable of offices, the Purchasing Department. Run by priority-mad H. B. Abbett, the Department is that ope essential without which no other d,epartment on the campus could exjst. The Purchasing Department hoisted itself from the dark, dank cellar of University Hall to the second floor of the Service and Stores Building, and finally on the completion of the Executive Building, planted itself cozily and firmly on the airy second floor where it has created a whirlwind ever since.
Sundry Personnell
The office harbors around twentyfive purchase clerks, agents, assistants, typists, order writing clerks, secretaries and other sundries who have become immune to the weird, outrageous or repellent items they have to purchase. Mixed in with the evening out-going mail, which consists of the day’s orders, letters and requests for quotations are items such as embalmed cats, cleaned Skeltons, french curves, 150 Methodist women, albino rats, several apendices; a tart request for “Repair broken love seat in Cary Hall”
may be included.
The prevailing atmosphere is composed of people dashing purposely in all directions, tarrying huge ledgers and stacks of mail, still moi'e people excitedly pounding queerly shaped machines and still more people merely running and shouting, “Dill pickles and Heath Bars, I’ve found the order we
lost two years ago”.
Food For Thousands Down the corridor from the main hub-bub is a spoke of the wheel, the foods office. Here three men industriously and frantically order food for the Union, with its numerous auxiliaries, all the Residence Halls, the Home Economics cafeteria and all the armed services on the campus. Here the ration checks for the food are written, and here, too, is where the gaudy worry bird made of pine-cones and bright paint, property of the office, is kept. In Purchasing Agent Abbett’s office flows an endless line of worried professors clutching requests for items from their departments, involved priority ratings, varied and bulky samples—everything from floor varnish to servicemen’s dinner trays and selling agents. These items are all placed in j^n alphabetical file, except the professors who are put into the special file. Unending Red Tape To order an ordinary item, an interval in which numerous letters and requests for quotations are sent back and forth between the department and firm takes place. After that, the order is set up, written, mailed, separated and filed. Then the professors are released and sent back to their departments to thirtk up something else to order. Tacked on the bulletin board in the Purchasing Office, across from the large picture of General MacArthur, are several of the ‘'They’ll do it everytime” cartoons, each exploiting the life of the Purchasing Agent. These pictures were presented to H. B. Abbett by his staff in appreciation of his numerous
problems.
Twenty-Eight Coulees Enter Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament . Tennis balls will fly again week-end when the mixed doabloa tournament gets under way. TviWn** ty-eight couples have entered th* competition. First round must be completed by Saturday. Pairings for this mikd^ doubles tournament includes: Sha-piro-Eitel vs. Petersen-Bruce; Mar-gulis-Kepner vs. Woods-Ahlf Mob-gan-Schwehn vs. Bachman-Hazet-ton; Mathews-Wagner vs» HolP-man-Pace; Harrison-Howea er-Grotnes; Bryant-Keisee xsk Hirshman-Dilts; Maynahahan-Hys-man vs. Craig-Carrol; KoahUii;Lapp vs. Chambers-Katzenbeig; Grey-Nicholson vs. Knlik-Bondi; Gifford-Blemker vs. Wunder-Spatt-det; Wu-B. Pace vs. Knowlton-Itei-deridge; Morris-Foster vs. Cripdr VerHoeven. '
•
Results of the matches are to lay filled in on the tournament chaH posted in the lobby of the women's gym. All matches must be j^nyed at this time or the match is, foe* feited. This measure is necessary because of a lack of time. By July28, the second round will be eomptet,* ed; July 31, the third. Semi-fipaaJe will be held August 4, and finals. aiL August 7. ... Health Service ^ . . . announces the release front the WRH infirmary of the foilondn|^ students: Jacqueline A. OeOf^St Marie F. Meany, Grace M. DoleM^ Juanita F. Garrett, 4Ul»+|l»P Gray. Ruth An Job was reieaskd, from St. Elizabeth Hospital Paul Carl Zmola was released from Home Hospital. Edna G. Maxajdifm!tered the WRH liurt Thursday. •' -m
0^2
Purd^ue Exponent
Tuesday^ Jfuty 20,
fPitrdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforial and Business IPu^neiiMemetm Union, Phone 4005 ' 'Sportt, Fieldhoiise, Phone 2792 'Iditorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Hensrasr Edttor....... HonerirtT
Henorory Bnsiness ManORcr.
With th* Colera
William G. Hoskins Dale E. Data ..'.:......Gerharcl H. Klouman
Mitor - Bnniness Manager. News Bitltor, Managing ESitor.u IMvertiBint Manager... Bfnru -Editor. Coed Mitor. ..—
Robert W. Boswlnklc Mary Dilts Sally Beall i...Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keiiti Joseph S. DantBoh' Jean Lauor
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff Assoelate Editors: H.-B. Abbott, C. C. Martlndell. E. F. Murphy, Wt Hrl^on, W. E.' Vermiliont C. J» Wilbur. • ;■ Coed Staff:?Ruth Ford, Madelyn Qrotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards,
Business Staff Ai:Sistant Adrertising Manager: C. L, Gaunt. Lkyont Director: J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
The Purdue Independent iditor-bi-Chief....- ;... Bert Sqnier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Tyson
Dhy Editor: Steffes Sports Editor: Lipcs /iSeporters: SwerdlofT, Baynes, Margolis, Georgeson, Hammel,
Garrett, Kropf.
Entered- as second class matter at the post o®Ce|tn Lafayetto, Indiana,: under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, tw -at the'special rate of postage provided for in section nos, act of October 3, 1917, authorited January 20, 1922. Pablfehed-on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during The year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by cfcWicr for $1.25 for a semester : by mail for .$1',60 for a betnetter. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent
office or at the West Desk of the Union.
.. Rbpresented for’tiiational advertising by National Advertising service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420
Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
vasimfiTOH
• y DREW_PEARSOH
French Row Should Be Lesson To U. S. In Dealing With Italy; Wallace-jones Dispute Ended
WASHINGTON—With Allied troops.,storming Sicily, French lessons from the current rpw over Gen-erals-DeGaulle and Qiraud are vitally important today —((1) as an example of the mistakes we should avoid in Italy; (2) as an example of how not to get divided into two opposing camps at home. American-British opinion already is almost as divided over DeGaulle and Giraud as in Prance. If we are not careful the same dissension may occur over different political factions in Italy, , To get the full benefit of current French lessons, it is necessary to go back to the days shortly after the fall of France when the Allies needed at least one French leader around whom to urge the freeing of France. General DeGaulle, a. relatively low-ranking^ officer who had disinguished himself as a tank expert, was the only man available. He was not the best choice, but thel-.e was no other. So he was built up as a symbol of Free France. Very soon he turned out to be a temperamental, sometimes conceited, always strong-willed symbol. Among other things, he wrote a letter to the British and American Governments comparing Allied strategy to a drum and saying: “No one man is beating the drum. But a host of beetles are bouncing up and down on it, and they think they are beating it.” (At the time a lot of people thought he was right).
Sp^kh Departmeiii Loses
Of Staff MeifibiSrs
By Katy Howes
“What’s keeping me out of LongclilF, I can’t imagine.” Tha,t was the statement of Prof. L. S. Win.ch, new acting chairman of the speech section, in a recent interview, but we’re not seriously worried about'his actually becoming an inmate of the state hospital for the insane at any future, date. We did agi*ee with him, however, that the problems besetting a department head in .the^e War-time days
en on a war-time tinge:-.Playshop has given a nUmber of free performances for service men, while, for a
. , ,. time, the department had the reson to serve as speech section spon3,ibiiity of maintaining a speak-
are enough, to cause it if any-
thing would.
Prof. Winch is the third per-
head since the war began, ers’ bureau to supply trained speakNumber one, .Prof. A. H. Munroe, ers for community war programs
“Madam, it’s the policy of this company not to grant any raises till the applicant has at least finished making but her application.”
Churchill, DeGaulle Quarrel
Orchids
V.. - to. AWS and WAA for the apparent success, 'of last Saturday night’s penny carnival. SUGfeessful it was from the coed point of view, since those that were there did the best they ebuid to ration themselves among the hopelessly huge crowd of service men. There not being enough girls to go around, per usual, coeds made the best of the situation by attracting crowds to fun-sure booths. This way, the boys who didn’t dance had something else to do. Some of the more aggressive ones relieved the booths of coeds for dancing partners, Walking partners or .just someone to talk to. As one V-12er put it, “We get tired of talking to men aU the time.” Of course, there hre the ever present complaints of civilian eds who consider their lot a bleail one on account of the ratio. To them the Situation is going from bad to worse, but they might think of the many liberal arts colleges being depleted of men. Probably the coedk.in those places are complaining, too, with inevitable, futile results. Other complaints were voiced to the effect that the dance floor wasn’t as slick as Union floors of yore. Even though attempts to get thg^ crowd mixed Were rather ineffective, they were ^atternpts which was a big improvement over the first dance of this kind held last week at the Union. Incidentally, the stolid arm of Student Union came to the rescue in the middle p| frantic preparations to move the carnivaK^om the I tennis courts to the gym. r.The entertainment of a swelled campus popu%ti0U -iS: a,-pretty tough problem to tackle, but given time, students will come through with.something. The thing is ... what?—p.s.
Then, in the summer of 1942, Churchill and DeGaulle had a stormy session in Egypt over Syria. DeGaulle criticized British military leadership and offered to take over the entire command in North Africa. Afterward Churchill, referring- to the cross on the Free French flag- told friends: “The Cross of Lorraine is the hardest one I have to bear.” Returning to London, Churchill wired DeGaulle to come to London to discuss Madagascar. Nothing happened. Then Foreign Minister Eden telegraphed. Finally DeGaulle wired that he would come to London at his own convenience, that he was going to Central Africa first, and would discuss Madagascar when he
returned.
Up to this point, the British alone had to bear the Cross of Lorraine. But when President Roosevelt went to Casablanca he soon soured on DeGaulle even mbre than Churchill had. At their meeting, DeGaulle assumed a stiff-necked, haughty attitude, described himself as a combination of Joan d’Arc and Clemenceau. The President has criticized DeGaulle and has been
rhimicking him to friends ever since.
But, for the French people, DeGaulle remained a
J. Chou To Discuss
China Letters, News
At I^C Tonight
is now a fii'st lieutenant in the army such as those Which explained ra-
air corps and is instructing instruc- tioning or for War Bond rallies.;
tors how to teach their men. The At present, the department is also same sort of work is being done by considering a request from the naval Prof. P. E. Lull, now a first lieuten- flight school on the campus for a ant, who was formerly director of series of evening- training classes forensic WOrk at the University. Lt. for the men of the school, although M. D. Steer, USNR, who was the the details and arrangements must
head of speech clinic wor-k, is now still be worked out. working, with the navy air corps on Speech 14 Revised '
communications problems. Even last year, the engineers’ Playshop Director To Leave Speech 14 had been revised to ipH. Kenn Carmichael, who up un- elude the type of wOrk required of til now has been acting co-chairman officer candidates. Quoting Prof, with Prof. Winch and directof-of Winch, “The biggest single reason Playshop’s work, will report for why officer candidates fail is their duty July 28 with a commission in inability to use their voices properthe navy as lieutenant (jg) leaving ly-” For that reason, the course was him to carry on the administrative I'evised to put more emphasis on work alone. vocal force and physical poise, and ■ Nor is it only the heads of the to the fore was that department who have been called well-known “Speech to Instruct . into service thus adding to the com- of all the problems, the plications of carrying- on the work Pi'°®Peote of grey hair or insanity of the speech department. Of a total Winch too much-^ of 17 staff members in the spring manages to take it all in stride of 1942, 11 are now in the armed the important work
A trio of lithesome lassies from the University of Oklahoma sold $238.45 worth of war bonds and stamps in the brief span of two
great symbol. He was the one man who had stood out hours. The gals took over a booth in and urged that the people fight for France. This was the lobby of the Union from 10 a. m. the propaganda the British themselves spread; tgis until noon and entertained their was the symbol they had built. ' customers with self-styled harmony They had built.even better than they realized. So, on popular ditties. That’s what we because he meant much to the people of France, be- called good business. cause he was a symbol also to other exile governments, E-P— he continued to get British support, despite the oppo- j^^out one em-
barassed lad from Michigan State College. The student was among 127 members of the veterinary school who returned after a threeday indoctrination period at Fort Custer. It seems as though he was last in line as the soldier-students were fitted with Al-my uniforms, and received two WAC shirts Jroin a grinning quartermaster sergeant. The sergeant explained that the WAC items were the only top dress left in the store-room. The question
is—did he accept them.
>-E-P—
University of Calfornia regrets the temporary passing of another University tradition. Regular concerts of the Campanile chimes have
• i. 4-1, TD -i- u • 1 V. 1 ts • been a University institution since
against the British; said he lavored Franco-Russian . . , J. ., ... the chimes arrived and
James S. Y. Chou will speak at the next meeting of the International Relations Club about the letters arid communications he has been receiving from interior China. The meeting will be held in the lounge of the University Presbyterian Church next Tuesday evening at 7:30. Chou is a junior EE students at the University who entered this country in July 1941, nearly five years after the Nipponese attack. Before coming to our campus he spent one year at Columbia University in New York City. In his speech before the IRC, Chou will relate “The Effect of War in Rural China”. His talk will be based on private advices received from friends in interior China, who have written him telling the life there under Japanese domination rule. An open discussion always follows the program.
forces, three of them being on ac-
here while others of the staff are
tive duty. One of the first to leaVe, Ensign James Maddox of the speech clinic staff, was in charge of a gun crew on a Dutch merchant ship which was torpedoed off the South American coast November 2, 1942. He died after drifting 77 days on a raft although some of the crew members wei-e rescued from the same raft just six days later.
applying- their special knowledge elsewhere.
To All Frat'erriities All fraternities that have lost their houses, please notify the Fraternity Affairs Office of new addresses of houses and the names of the members living out. —MOORE.
of FDR.
Churchill Got Mad
But last June, the' straw almost snapped when
Churchill went to North Africa. There he had another bitter argument with DeGaulle. Even Foreign Minister Eden came to North Africa at Churchill’s suggestion to fire DeGaulle. Eden, however, would not agree. He said that DeGaulle was too important a symbol, meant too much to the people of France. The British could not tear down what they had
built up.
So Churchill and Eden split. But Churchill, returning to London, called a press conference, gave out a scathing bill of particulars against the Free French leader. He said he was tired of polemics and was going to give the facts. Whereupon, he called DeGaulle a latent fascist, chiefly ambitious for himself; said he had stirred up the French and the Arabs in Syria
feet,” he explained. “And they wear no makeup”. —E-P— Veterinary Division at the University of Iowa find themselves with no sophomores enrolled. Due to the accelerated educational program, students who became sophomores at the beginning of the summer session last year are now juniors.
cooperation for the future control of Europe. Since then, the situation has become worse. DeGaulle meddled in French Army affairs, wanted to take over command. This was resented by other French commanders, sticklers for rank, who pointed
were in-
stalled in 1917, The recent silence was the first in Campanile history. The chimes were considered non-es-sential and as officials stated “it was deemed better to pay faculty
-E-P— A professor of English at the University of Texas has uncovered much of the history of the English dictionary.. We found that the first volume was :pi'epared in 1604—^more than a century before Samuel Johnson brought out his owri ponderous definitions.
Staff Of Six Carries On A staff of six is now carrying on all the curricular and extra-curricu-lar speech work, this being possible because the number of students tak-ing-speech work has decreased from over a thousand in 1942 to about six hundred fifty now, but that’s still enough to keep everyone in the department constantly busy. Although they grant that it was a minor hardship on the students to have their instructors leave in the middle of the semester (some students had ds many as four different instructors for one course), but it is also pointed out that that was something about which neither the speech department nor the instructors themselves had much to say. - He is very emphatic in stating that the department intends to carry out extra-curricular activities as much as possible. This means that Playshop will continue even though it may be necessary to make some modifications in its program. Only One Of Problems Having their former instructors scattered everywhere from Nevada to Florida is only one of the problems which give department heads grey hair these days. The work of the whole department has also tak-
Buy War Bonds
Lt. H. E. Robertson
out DeGaulle was only a brigadier general and a tank than to play chimes even though.
. was promoted to the grade of first lieutenant according to the report received from the Caribbean Defense Command, He is the son of Mrs. Lynn Robertson, 726 Vine St., West Lafayette. Lieut. Robertson is a graduate of Mechanical Engineering, class of 1942. When at the University he was a member of the advanced ROTC and received his commission upon his graduation. '■
they are desirable.”
■—E-P—
Army students at Cornell University specializing in the same fields of study are now living and working together in the same hous-
2n^ Lt. Keith J. Felix ., , Pecember, ’42, graduate of the University, has completed advanced training at the marine reserve officers’ school at Quantico, Va., and is awaiting assignment to duty with a fighter outfit, it has been announced by Maj, Ralph E. Boulton, officer in charge of iharipe induction and recruiting in Indiana. Lt, Felice is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Carl 0. Felix, Route 3, Lafayette. . He enlisted in the marines October 17, 1942, and was called to active duty immediately after his graduation.
expert.
Sternly obdurate, at heart a Calvinist, he has refused to compromise in anything. But he has lost prestige with British and American leaders, he has, if anything, increased prestige with the French people. They regard him as their real military saviour.
So Churchill and Roosevelt cannot remove the ing units. This certainly would be “saviour of France”. Besides, as Charles Davila, head beneficial to the. students; they of the exiled Roumanian Government, remarks: could take turns doing their lessons
“They say DeGaulle is difficult! Of course he is! every night. So are all men of principle.” ^E-P
NOTE: Already some of these same problems arc Twenty-three Cornell women are being faced in regard to a new leader for Italy. doing a patriotic service by working Wdllace-jones Dispute daily in the Navy Mess Hall, to feed
Naval ensigns, V-12 and Navy and
The Wallace-Jones dispute is now water over the dam. Washington reaction is universally favorable
Marine students. “Keep ’Em Eating” is their motto and the girls
to the banning- of bickering. Perhaps this is the first have so speeded the service that the
lesson learned here from French, political conflict now
men can now get their food and be
Lieut. George Shawkins . , . a former University student and an army air pilot, was killed nine miles west of Winchester, Tenn., when his pursuit plane crashed.
Don Cahall ... former student of the University, has been commissioned a 2nd Lt. in the Army Air Corps at Williams Field in Arizona.
Clipt. Hicks Meyer a University graduate from Indianapolis, is a prisoner of the Japanese in the Philippines. This is the first word received from Capt. Meyer since the fell of Bataan. His family had given up hope for him. Capt. Meyer entered the service in February of 1940, and was sent to Bataan January 1, 1941.
, symbolized in the DeGaulle-Girkud row. But here is gg^t^d within five minutes of their one reaction which may hurt. Every responsible offi- entrance into the Mess Hall,
cial in Washington knows that Jones had quarreled __E-P— not merely with Wallace but with many others. _
IT- 4. 1, J -4.:. m J 04. 4.^- • J XI xt T- ASIP boys at Lne University of First he, rowed with Ed Stettimus and the National Oklahoma are now conducting a Defense Council on the very same pi-oblem of delay- ,adio show. A new quiz' game will
mg- the purchase of strategic materials.
Then he lowed with the State Department. Cordell contestants if wrong must pay the Hull agiees with Jesse on most things, but Hull and dire consequences which have alhis men were vigorously opposed to him regarding ready been cooked up in the minds delays in acquiiing materials. Finally, Jones rowed of the producers. Personally we with Ickes. would rather be the producer than When one lone cabinet member has so many rows go through some of the wild ideas with so many cabinet colleagues, the chances are these boys could cook up^—it ain’t that the one man, not the group, is wrong. The safe. " ' others in this case were trying to push the war; Jesse —E-P— w'as playing it safe and watching his balance sheet. The University of Michigan ha,s Now with Wallace penalized for pushing-the war, one one bold V-12. He came right out result will be to encoui-age the natural tendency of all and publicly stated that the girls in bureaucrats to “play it safe.” New Zealand are the most beautiful (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) in the world. “They’re almost per-
VIRSINIA WEIBLER • EDW. ARNOLD JOHN CARROLL • JEAN PORTER
TODAY and TOMORROW
Fan-fare and funi She .got their autographs in
LUMA
TODAY and TOMORROW
PLUS—SECOND HIT
You’ve gota Date With DANGER!
*itii Georgs SANDERS Gail PATRICK ^
ARC
COOL WASHED AIR
TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY
*1
MArmy, Nary, Marine News
Tuesday, July 20, 1943
j^r &it, My Servikk ifejn,^
Cmdf. Brocil
jack Maitire Tells -i6@ At Atmy ReKabilildlion Certfets
'H^ii PiitilUb'
Editor’s Note: We are printing the words to the school song in ord^fer that, when the occasion arises, army and navy men Tviii know wkat to sing.
By Col. Jack Martite Ed. Note: This is the third in a ^ries of articles on the army’s correction centers.
When a soldier first comes into the army he Is subjected to a battery of tests and interviews. Rehabilitation Centers work on this same principle of classification but even more attention is givei| to a new inmate than that given the same man at his Reception Center. In-order to understand the whole background of each individual prisoner, a thorough study must be made. Specially selected men are assigned to each R.C. in order to facilitate the making of this complete social history and evaluation. An example may help us to understand just what happens to a new man. Joe has been convicted of desertion and comes to the Rehabilitation Center as a general prisoner. His IS the usual kind of offense, a military one. Gets Assignment When Joe first arrives he is allowed to keep certain articles of clothing and personal equipment and the balance is chocked and stored away for him. He is assigned to a tent and soon gets over the fear of what he had expected to happen. A short time after his arrival, he is called before the first interviewer, the social case worker, who makes a complete history of his background including education, pre-war job, family life, army experience, civilian record, social ability and all matters connected with his personal life. Complete History There are a few items about Joe’s family life that the intei viewer has to get straight so Joe returns for another consultation before his complete histoiy is compiled. In making this history all army records are used such as Joe’s Classification Test Score, his service record, etc. The data is piesbnted to the Psychiatrist who makes an appointment to see and talk with Joe. Piom this consultation the Psychiatrist makes the lecommendation that since this Joe’s second aimy offense he be made to stay in confinement for a period of obseivation. Psychologist Takes Over ' During this pei'iod Joe has seen and talked to the Psychologist. The latter makes certain notes on him and decides that this new man does not need any tests since he has a fair AGCT score and is not suspected of any mental abnormalities. The Supei visor of Rehabilitation, a penologist, has seen and talked to Joe about his offense and Joe is made an A prisoner since his crime is purely military. He would be a B prisoner if he had done something like strike an officer, while larceny
or felonious assault would have made him a C prisoner. Clemency Committee Meets Joe now has to await a meeting of the clemency board. This may be a matter of several weeks after his arrival at the Center, This board chiatrist, and psychologist, all of is composed of a penologist, psywhom are officers. They have all the records on Joe and it is in their hands what is to happen. Joe has to await a second board because this is not his first offense. After a ;few months of observation, it is deemed that Joe is fit to go back to his outfit or to a new one. His clemency recommendation has gone to the Commanding Officer and after interviewing Joe, the C.O. approves the recommendation and sends it to the Service Command. It is a matter of time now till Joe is restored. Sifting Process This thorough procedure makes it less likely that the wrong men will be restored. By means of this sifting, the valuable men are allowed to be soldiers again while the others are cast aside as useless to the army. (The next and last articles will evaluate this whole program in the light of the army’s needs, the men’s desires and the welfare of society.) Playshop To Present Service Performance Saturday Evening By Cpl. Jack Martire Playshop, the University dramatic organization, will present a special performance of “The Man Who Came To Dinner” this Saturday for all servicemen in uniform. This special performance precedent has been followed for the yast yeai with attendance at the “SRO” peak. Fowler Hall, which is right next to the Union Building, houses the little theatio and there the curtain will use at 8 p. m. The seating capacity IS approximately 600 and those who arrive early will get the better places. Soldiers, sailors and marines may bring dates to the performance, and they will be admitted free also. ‘ 6 Omicron l)lu .. . national home economics honoiaiy, announces the initiation of the following women: Harriet Beyer, Eunice Christianson, Anna Shively, Trcna Torrenga, and Margaret Young. Try An Exponent Classified!
R.c6tLt
I '$■
‘■tirninou®
THe ALL DAY MAKS UP fHAT NO POWOSR .... And no retouching—not from Breakfast to Bed time .... All day the same .... It doesn’t streak, doesn’t cake, doesn’t dry the skin! , An Alluring, creamy film, enhancing and enriching your skin tone .... You look youthful-i-alive—radiant .... Have the glow which draws that second glance. Only a minute to spread it on—Just with your finger
tips .... So smooth ....
Six fiattering shades from /7 fair to tan—Rouge and Lip- Luminous
stick to correspond. With-
out Powder.
iU/OL.
c/
Toiletries
Street Floor
AST's May Submit int Entry Forms For 1944 By Pfc. Leo Ftiedmali Army men stationed at the University can, if eligible, now submit application for appointment as cadets to the United States Military Academy at West Point in the class entering in 1944. According to a memorandum from the Adjutant General’s Office, the Fifth Service Command, 'N whose juiisdiction the University lies, may select 12 men to compete in entrance examinations to be held beginning March 7, 1944. Enlisted men chosen to eompete in these examinations will be given special training and instruction at selected colleges and universities beginning Sept. 1, 1943. Final appointments will be in the order of merit on the competitive examinations. Men finally chosen will be discharged as enlisted men to take the oath as cadet and will be trained to become permanent officers in the United States Arrhy. They will obligate themselves to serve for a period of eight years, unless discharged sooner by competent authority. Age and mental requirements are of a nature met by many ASTP trainees. Candidates must have reached their nineteenth but not their twenty-second birthday by July 1, 1944, and must have attained a rating of 136 or better in the AGC Test. The only requirement as to past education is completion of a standard high school course or its equivalent. These coui’ses should have included high school algebra^and plane geometry, but the preliminary training will co-ver these subjects. Other factois considered will be ability to pass the Military Academy physical examination, and capacity for leadership. Where the applicant has had only limited opportunity to show this in the army, his pre-induction record will be carefully considered. He will also be interviewed carefully as to antecedent history, ideals, ambition and attitude towards military service. Applicants must be citizens of the United States, unmarried, and must have completed one year of service by July 1, 1944. Enlisted men interested should apply to then batteiy commanders as soon as possible. University OWT Man Receives Boy Scout Insignia From Africa Boy Scout insignia as used by French Boy Scouts in North Africa were enclosed in a letter received here Monday by Weir Richard Kirk of the Office of War Tiaining from his friend, Pfc. Eail W. Steininger, foimerly of the same office. Included in the letter were: A Second Class badge, bearing the inscription “Etre Piet”, or “Be Ready”, a sequel to the American Boy Scout motto of “Be Prepaied”; a cloth First Class badge beaiing the motto “Toujours Piet” (Always Ready); a Scooter’s lapel buttoh of tbe “fluer de leis”, an international identification; one merit badge for archery and another for American Indian lore. Writing of the Boy Scouts, Steininger noted “. . . .we, over here, are appieciative of all your effoitsj for we realize that it takes our combined woik that’s going to bring a speedy and complete victoiy.” Kirk is Scoutmaster of Troop 35, West Lafayette.
FIRST STANZA To your call once more we i^lly; Alma Mater, hear our praise! Where the Wabash spreads its valley Filled with joy our voices raise; From the sky in swelling echoes, Come the cheers that tell the tale Of vic’tries and your heroes, Hail Purdue! We sing. All Hail! CHORUS Hail, Hail to Old Purdue, All Hail to our Old Gold and Black; Hail, Hail to Old Purdue, Our friendship may she never lack; Ever grateful, ever true, Thus we raise our song anew. Of the days we’ve spent with you; All Hail, our own Purdue. SECOND STANZA When in after years we’re turning, Alma Mater, back to you. May our hearts with love be yearniilg For the scenes of Old Purdue. Back among your pathways winding. Let us seek what lies before,— Fondest hopd's and aims e’er finding. While we sing of days of yore.'
AST Patter By Pvt. Morris Better, USAC Overheard “Why is a soldier called a dogface ?’’ “Because he sleeps in a pup tent; eats out of a tin can; is called by a whistle; and is always growling.’’ Young Man Wif-hout' A Horn When Pfc. Don Pickrell enlisted in the Air Corps last December, he knew that no matter how big a pack the army would put on his back, it would still be dwarfed by the one he was casting aside. Don, y’see, played the French horn and he knew there was only one thing more difficult to manipulate in and out of taxis and that was a bass fiddle. So, it’s not hard to understand why the horn stayed home when Don left for the army. His neighbors in and around Beta house are inclined, also, to think it was a good decision. Not that he’s a bad French horn player —his record proves otherwise—but it just wouldn’t be compatible to his own or the ASTP’s best interests if he were suddenly given to the notion of oomping out a few bars of Wagner. Perhaps he did it to pay off an election bet, but Don prefers not to reveal why he turned to this particular instrument. A psychologist might attribute it to adolescent impulsiveness, for it is a fact that the idea first fascinated him at 13—and so strong was the fascination that he yielded to it then and there. The next year or two are p’raps best left “off the record”. However, in high school, he felt that his newly-acquired talenTcould best be utilized and demonstrated in-’an orchestra and, without ado, proceeded to organize one. It was a five-piece “wienerschnitzel” affair which was affectionately dubbed “The Hungry Five” but it acquired quite an acceptable reputation in Oklahoma City—for a “wienerschnitzel” band, that is. But Don was cut out for more serious things. His next step up the ladder proved this contention. At 16 he was a member of the Oklahoma City symphony orchestra where he performed under the batons of such noted conductors as Victor Alessandro, Reginald Stewart and Efrem Kurtz. After three seasons, he went to California primarily for the purposing of majoring in physics at the California Institute of Technology. In a short while, however, he was tooting his French horn again—this time for the Pasadena Civic symphony ... but not for long. He was soon to put it aside for a still more serious performance in the Air Coi'ps. In the army, he received his basic training as an ROM (radio*^ operator and mechanic) and then transferred to the ASTP unit at Purdue where he’ll come closer to majoring in physics than at any time to date. But, ask him what his ambition is and he’ll tell you without hesitation or deliberation: “. . . to play a piccolo.” ^ Odds 'n' Ends According to the Chicago Sun, last Tuesday was the 584th day of our participation in this war. This tied the record for World War I. Need I point out that the record has since been broken? ... No matter what your opinion of “m.a.g.” is at the moment, it must be admitted it took plenty of courage for her to accost the chow line the other night and cajole us into buying subs to the Expo.... In “Five Graves to Cairo”, there is a scene where Marshal Rommel has ordered an Italian general to discontinue his constant singing. The general is hurt but philosophic. “What do a people who belch,” he sighs, “know about a people who sing?” Good comeback, general. . .. Sign on the library bulletin boar(i; Lost—powder blue tuxedo jacket and black formal pants. Embarrassing, isn’t it ?
marine raiding party which he transported to Makin Island was commanded by Lt.-Gol. Evans F. Carlson, Included in the party was the President’s son Major J^mes Roosevelt, tJSMC. The party accomplished its mission
iHtb-Decorated Officer Tells Of Makin Island Raid “Su|3ttiarines of the -Pacffic Fleet have contacted the enemy on practically every patrol in Japanese infested waters^” LLCmdf, W. H. Brockman, Jr., USN, stated last night in addressing the students of the Navy Electrical School and University officials. Lt.-Cmdr. Brockman spoke last night at the ^Hall of Music, following a dinner given in his honor by Commander H. J, Bartley, commanding officer of the Naval Training School. Lt.-Cmdr. Brockman, who has received the Navy Cre^s witli two gold stars in lieu of additional Navy Crosses, recounted many of his experiences as commanding officer of a submarine
in the Pacific.
Amongst the many stories told by the commander is that of ’ * ..till.II..- . the Makin Island raid. The
Varied Caps Note Campus Organizations
By katy Wendell
In case any of the new service men on campus have been confused by the variety of gold and black caps and pots being worn by a few students or have wondered what the references to organizations by initials only in the Exponent actually stand for, our good deed for the day will be an attempt to sort them out enough in our mind so that we can explain it to them. The coeds wearing black skull caps with a gold pepper emblem on them belong to Gold Peppers, an honorary organization for senior coeds who have been prominent in
activities.
Reamers, Gimlets Companion groups for the eds are Reamers for the unorganized men (they wear black caps with a gold “R” insignia stitched on the side) and Gimlets for the fraternity men, their badge being a gold beanie With a black “G” stitched on the front. All three organizations work together in sponsoring interest in athletics on campus. AWS refers to Associated Women Students, the organization which sets coed hours and see to it
LT-CMBR. W. H. BROCKMAN
(Official U S Navy Photol
I <1)KT t / ^
A
4.
iA
\ 6rSTsrmwes
Rostu
lAJxrtE.
O.K'mu
Friday Convocation Will Feature Scott In place of the program oiiginally scyheduled for the convo this FrU* day night, Heni’y Scott, well known pianist and humorist will appear in
the Music Hall. The piogram will start at 7:30 p. m. All servicemen in uniform will be admitted fiee of chaige to the performance which is the last in the summer series of convocations for students and faculty members. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
that they ai’e enforced. However, that’s just one phase of its activities ; for it' also sponsors oi’ientation work for incoming freshmen cqeds; last Saturday’s carnival was under its direction; it is also sponsoring a survey of war work being done by coeds and so on far into the night. WAA WAA is another coed organization. This one refers to Women’s Athletic Association, the group which heads intramural sports and activities for coeds. However, it does play a part in the lives of athletically inclined eds and servicemen, for it is also sponsoring the coming mixed doubles tennis tournament and “Scotch Foursome” tournament. i I WBAA is the campus radio station which has its offices in the basement of the Music Hall and which is staffed and engineered by students. It can be located at 920 on the radio dial—just so study hours aien’t violated. We’re told that’s not the wisest policy to fpllow. Schedule Of Events Week of July 18-24, 1943 Sunday, July 18 Consult church directory on Bulletin Board for schedule of local church services. All trainees not on week end pass, who did not attend services in Music Hall on Sunday, July 11, are requested to attend one of the denomination seivices in Music Hall on this date. Schedule of services is as follows: Catholic Services—8:30 a. ra. Protestant Services—9:30 a. m.
with the exception of bringing back Japanese prisoners. They were all
dead.
Another of his exploits was the sinking of an aircraft carrier during the Japanese attack on Midway. After making contact and finding himself in the middle of the Japanese Fleet, Lt-Cmdr. Brockman succeeded in sinking a screened aircraft carrier. This was accomplished despite the fact that for seven hours he had been bombed and strafed by enemy planes, and depth-charged by countless ships. Submarine Use Another use to which submarines are put is the evacuation of American personnel from Japanese held territory. Lt-Cmdr. Brockman told of his own experience in removing a party of nuns, plantation- owners, and their children from an undisclosed enemy-held position. He praised the courage of the women, and remarked upon their eagerness for him to “get into a bit of trouble” oh the return trip. Lt-Cmdr. Brockman stressed the comfort and safety of American submarines. He told of comfortable quarters, excellent food,—including complete turkey dinners—and entertainment from phonographs and radio. The comforts of air conditioning, roomy quarters, refrigeration, and the blanket privilege to all hands to “raid the ice-box”, were mentioned in order to dispel the impression that submarines are tiny uncomfortable craft. “They are as long as a football field” he said.
Jewish Services—10:30 a. m. 3-5 p. m.—World’s Best Recorded Music, Music Room of University Memorial Union. Sponsored by University Musical Organizations. ,, Friday, July 23 7:30 p. m.—University Convocation in Music Hall. Henry Scott, pianist, humorist. Saturday, July 24 3-6 p. m.—7-10 p. m.—^Purdue’s Puttering Shop, located in the sufebasement of the Union Building, will be open to servicemen who ei^joy “puttering” in painting, crafts, clay modeling and photography. All supplies for the water color and oil painting, clay modeling, leather knd wood crafts are furnished by the Union. Servicemen may visit the Putteiing Shop anytime be%wC«i 3-6 p. nv. and 7-10 p. m. Members of the Purdue Applied Desigts and several local artists will be on hand to answer questions. 7:30-10 p. m.—Purdue Playshop’s “Man Who Came to Dinner” in Eliza Fowler Hall. Servic^me(i. jHie invited to attend. ' « 8:3fi p. m.—Dancing in Puidue Union BalUooms sponsored by f*urdue Women’s Pan Hellenic. • 8:30 p. m.—^USO dance in USO Lounge. Murdock Building, 6lh and Ferry St., Lafayette, Indiana.^' jpurdue Exponent
A- ’ V'"
Tuesday^ July Wi,-194%
f§U
I /
\
CONFERENCE SCHOOLS SHAPING GRID SQUADS
^ \ . .V
WHAT
' v' ^
ABOUT INDIANA'S
TEAM?
1
-
1
To Resume Intramural SoFtball
Fraternities Will In Three Week
Engage HHni To Close
Series
Drill Saturday
" By Russ Lipes
Following a meeting with some of the fraternity athletic „ „ managers yesterday afternoon m the Fieldhouse. Chief Clevett, university of Illinois will end Sathead of the IntramuialBepaitmentj announced that play would u2’day after the youngest, greenest get under way Wednesday in a new three week softball tourna- and lightest squad in mini history ment. However Wednesday’s games would just be practice will have woi'ked out a month under
sessions and the regular tournament will start Thursday
evening.
So far response by the fraternities to the efforts of the Intramural Department to continue with the intramural program has been practically nil. Yesterday’s meeting was scheduled to start at 4 p. m., but only two managers turned up at that time. Within the next half hour five or six more
managers drifted in and it was left Iowa’s young football squad
up to this small aggregation to decide the future of the remaining
semester program.
Opponents To Be Notified
Wednesday’s games will start at 6:45 p. m. The intramural departihent will notify all teams as to
their opponent and the diamond to ^
which they pe assigned. No doubt their kicks away fairly fast and local naval college train-
Runners, Passers, Punfers Sough}
By Hawkeye Coach
Distance punters, accurate pass-
ers, and sprinting halfbacks are being sought on the University of
Coach Ray Eliot and his assistants, Fall practice will begin August 23 in accordance with the new conference rule permitting it three weeks before the first game. The mini will open September 11 against Camp Grant on the Illini campus.
27 On Summer Squad
The summer squad, numbering 27 as it winds up training, is chiefly composed of 17-year-old freshmen with a few older candidates. Some of the older ones are in engi-
Coach ^^Gcring or are otherwise deferred
‘‘‘^lip” Madigan said Thursday as he planned increasingly stiff drills
for the Hawkeyes.
but others will be called sooner or
later.
Only player of varsity experience He indicated that he is pleased
season. Palmer, a senior completing his last semester, may be avail-
able for the first four games. Thi-ee candidates have reported
with the development of two kickers in particular: Joe Howard of Des Moines and Jim Hudson of Pocahontas. Both have been getting
a few of tha houses will be left out have achieved good distance.
of the paiwngs because they have not indicated their intentions with regard to intramural activities. However, if they will report to the Intramural Field Wednesday evening with their squad, arrangements will be made for them to enter the tournament. It was decided at the meeting that any former fraternity man who is now in the armed services here will be eligible to play with his house. This ruling is expected to help some of the houses that are short of men. Under the present arrangement, the tournament will last for three weeks with each team playing twice a week. At the end of this series the playoffs will begin and a new champion will be crowned. A separate tournament for the members of the armed forces is being planned and will get under way within the next few weeks. Golf Tournament Still Open Chief Clevett also announced that there is still a chance for the fraternities to enter the golf tournament that was started last June'. Only a few entries have been received for this event so far and the houses not entering are missing a good chance for participation points. Those men still desiring to enter the tournament should play 18 holes of golf with a man from another fraternity house by Sunday of this week. Each man should sign his opponents score card, and the cards should then be turned in to the intramural office. University Sets Dates For Service Terms November 1, Blarch 1, and July 1, mark the dates set for the next three regular teims. These terms were designed to corre.sj)ond to the terms of the navy ])i'ogram in order to enable the University to utilize the staff and equipment with ma.ximum effectiveness and economy. The “semi-term”, an abbreviated period of instruction, will begin on August 31, 11)43, and end on October 27, 1943. Students will be permitted to earn approximately nine semester hours of credit and will meet twice as often a.s iji a sixteenweek term. Fees will be the usual $6 registration fee plus one-half of the total of the remaining j-egular fees. Scholarshij) oi' distinguished student rating will be one-half the usual amount foi- a term. A detailed announcement of courses to be offered in all schools and departments will be available before the time of registration.
Notice
Subscribers to the J’urdue Engineer who have moved in the last few' days please, call at the Engineer office in the Union and have address changed. —J. T, KIMERELL
“Bill Sangster of Iowa City and Herald Smith of Cedar Rapids are coming along well as forward passers and Bill Larson of Anamosa,
ing unit.
Correll’s Status Indefinite Coach Eliot hopes that more candidates will report August 23 but has no definite information about
former end, is a fast halfback. But this possibility. The military status
of Walter (Buck) Correll, one of the best punters in the conference, is said to be indefinite. Correll’s return would solve the punting prob-
lem, one of Eliot’s greatest. On the basis of the summer work-
out the Illini will average about 178 pounds but the addition of a few sturdy linemen in August would increase this. Chris Christ, a V-12 student from Kansas State, who report-
ed late, weighs 250. Summer Squad Members
The summer squad is made up as
follows:
Ends—Dec Alberts, East St. Louis; Jim Srednicki, Chicago (Taft high school); Raymond Ward, Ely, Minn. (V-12, Missouri School of Mines); Tom Fullerton, Barrington. Linemen—Jack Curry, Clinton, Ind.; Arthur Gerometta, Gary, Ind.; Pete Kearney, Gridley (Ct. Bede Academy); Charley Leistner, Covington, Ky.; John Wheeler, Kankakee; Gerald Edwards, Crossville; Hank Lane, Wood River; Richard Roberts, Warroad, Minn.; Ralph Palmer, Rockford; Chris Christ, Kansas City, Kan. (V-12, Kansas State College); Robert S. Wham, Centralia; John Kane, Chicago. Backs—Lee Alberts, East St. Louis; Jack Harris, East St. Louis; James Hudson, Centralia; Don Joh)ison, Charleston; Vincent Schifferdecker, Centralia; George Chianakas. Eureka; Robert Cloyd, Chicago; Charles Pollard, Urbana; Joe Sieminski, Chicago; Wayne Bolitho, El Paso, Tex. (V-12, Mercer University, Macon, Ga.); Theron Brad-
we can use more of the same type,”
Coach Madigan said. Year For “Attack”
Coach Madigan believes that, with young and comparatively inexperienced players, this may be the year to concentrate upon attack, although his teams at St. Mary’s were noted for their stubborn de-
fensive play.
“Defense is harder to organize, with younger players, than offense. Defense will make mistakes and the other team v/ill profit by touch-
downs.
“However, the other fellows will be young, too, and will make errors on defense. So perhaps it is time to concentrate upon attack, to try to build the long gainers that go all the way whenever you catch an opponent out of position,” declared Iowa’s new coach. 35 Men Report Among the 35 players reporting to drill are four freshmen with reputations as all-state first team men of last fall. They are Bill Moreland of Leon, 187-pound guard; Bill Sangster of Iowa City, 195-pound back; Howard Larson of Anamosa, 168-pound end; and Dean Yanausch of Iowa City, tackle of 190 pounds. Additions to the squad were expected to be Bill Cahill of West Branch, a fast 190 pound back; and Stanley Mohrbacher of Cedar Rapids, tackle of 214 pounds who was a squad member iiart of last
season.
Buy War Bonds
Flunkies Seek Fifth Consecutive Win Following their impressive victory over the P.E. Faculty team last Thursday, the M.E. Flunkies will go after their fifth consecutive win when they tangle with the M.E. Faculty in a r-eturn softball' game Thursday afternoon at 6:30 on Diamond. Bob Hodapp top hurler in the Fraternity league this summer, will again be on the mound for the Flunkies. R. W. Leutwiler of the Machine Design Department, will pitch for the “10 old men”. In the game last week with the P.E. team, hard hitting coupled with numerous errors on the part of the coaches brought the Flunkies an easy 8-5 win. The big.blow by the Flunkies was a booming two run homer by Jack, “Tiger” Swantz. Jack really teed off on that one to completely dishearten the previously jublient P.E.’ers. P.E. Errors Hurt Errors by Sammy Voinoff contributed greatly to the Coaches’ defeat. Claud Reeck and Emmet Lowery, not wishing to be outdone, also came through with several sparkling “boots”. The P.E. team’s only previous clash was against a hopelessly outclassed team of Lafayette business men—this was their alibi for Thursday’s defeat. The Flunkies were aided considerably by the fine play of Leutwiler the above mentioned. Just how he became, eligible to play with the Flunkies is a mystery, but it is being rumored that this young Machine Design instructor flunked M.E. 65 while a student here several years ago.
ley, Avon; Ed Nemeth, East Chicago, Ind.; Beryl White, East St. Louis; Dick Mullen, Bloomington (Trinity high school). Most of the Illinois varsity players were enrolled in Marines’ Officer training and were assigned to Purdue and Notre Dame which, with Michigan and Northwestern, were designated for Marines’ training while Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Ohio State and Iowa were not.
Columbian Park To Present Concert, Second In Series Tuesday evening the second program of the current Columbian Park series will be presented. This concert will feature the NBC artists in a recital of^ popular and familiar music. Four outstanding celebrities; Frankie Parrish, tenor; John Winn, guitarist; Carol Richards, vocalist and Harry E. Bason; are the artists who have been engaged. St. Louis, Missouri, is the home town of Carol Richards, an outstanding vocalist and a member of the St. Louis Civic Theater. She has also been a professional model for a commercial photographer. Pianist and accompanist, Hariy E. Bason, has had a prominent career. He has played in 46 states, and before President and Mrs. Coolidge at the White House in 1928. After nine months of overseas action in World War I, he was decorated by King George of England and played a command performance at the Eng^sh Palace. Since January 1, 1943 he has sold over two million dollars worth of bonds. Mr. Bason plays popular and semi classical music in a most distinctive manner. Frankie Parrish, well-known tenor soloist for NBC, will probably be remembered as the featured artist with Abe Lyman and later with Xavier Cugat. He has also been an attraction at the Rainbow Roof in New Yoi-k City. At present he is NBC Chain Solist as Song Stylist. John Winn, who is one of America’s outstanding guitar players, will be the final guest star. He was formerly of the Barbasol program and is now a recording artist. These radio personalities will entertain the audience with a variety program that will have popular appeal. Their concert will include such familiar compositions as gems from Victor Herbert’s operettes, “I’ll See You Again” from “Bittersweet,” “As Times Goes By,” “Stardust”, and other familiar pieces. Admission will be by season coupon or ticket. Tickets are 50c for adults and 25c for juniors.
Ex-Wildcat Grid Star Paratrooper In Sicily Lt. Col, Robert H. Wienecke who was reported in news dispatches from North Africa hs having been a member of the United States paratroopers who spearheaded the invasion of Sicily, was captain of Northwestern Univei-sity’s 1924 football team that earned the nickname of “Wildcats” for the university’s athletic teams. Col. Wienecke, who is now a member of an airborne.infantry division, played fullback on the ’24 team which was the first of many of Northwestern’s outstanding teams of the modern era. With a team built around Capt. Wienecke, Moon Baker, All-Ameri-can halfback, and Tim Lowry, center, Northwestern emerged as a force to be reckoned with in midwestern football. It was in the last game of the season against Notre Dame’s famed Four Horsemen that the Purple reached its greatest heights in years. Lead Wildcats Against Notre Dame Against the Irish who were riding the crest of an undefeated season and knocking at the door of the national championship, the Purple were decided underdogs. Under Captain Wienecke's spirited leadership the undermanned Northwestern team fought the Irish to a standstill in the first quarter and actually took the lead on a magnificent 35-yard kick by Baker. A touchdown by Harry Stuhldreher put Notre Dame ahead but the' fighting Purple scored soon after when Baker sent another drop kick through the cross bars. The Irish clinched victory in the closing minutes of the game when Elmer Layden scored a touchdown on an intercepted pass to make the final score, 13 to 6. A sports writer referred to the Northwestern players as “fighting Wildcats”. The nickname proved so app'Ropriate that it was officially adopted and ever since all of the university’s athletic teams have been known as the Wildcats. Try An Exponent Classified!
Notices
PIA Members: Picnic July 24 at'2 P, »n. in Columbian Park. Picnic dinner a«d Slylnlminpr. Cali or leave messake for James Perille. 2670, or eBtty Jane Bibardy/Wl* —PERlLli© International Relations Club: James S, V. Chou will speak at the next meeting of the club Tuesday, July 20, at 7:30 b* m. io thb lounge of the University Pregb^rj|an Church. His topic will be “The Bftfect of War In Rural China’*, This Is an* opdrt meeting. —NORDIjINQjGR'’^ AH Male Students: Interested in ■usberiiitf for the Playshop production, “The Man Wlw Came To Dinner”, on July 21, 22, 28—c&U 4269 between 1 and B p. m. and lefave ypur name. —DELONG ' Episcola Students: Service on Sunday, July through August at the St. John*® Church. 6th and Ferry ^ts., will start at R a. m. with holy communion and the morning -service at 9 :46. —THORNTON AWS Executive Board: Meeting tonight at 7 :15 in the AWS office. Be prompt. ^ —VEIT Union Board: Senior board meeting Tuesday night, July 20, at 6:45 p. m. Entire board will meet at 7. —HILLER PIA (^irls: Anyone interested in being in the coed show for service men or those already in it, are to be at practice in tha Tower Room at 7 p. m. Tuesday. —BAUGHMAN Omicron Nu: Important meeting Tuesdays, July 26, at 4 p. m. in the Home Economics building. Officers will be elected. Be thcr4, —BEALL Skull and Crescent: Important meeting at 7:30 p. m, in room 303 of the Union. All navy members urged to attend. Big party in two weeks. —KLEIN Staff Members: Members who wish copies of the new catalogue may get them by telephoning the editors’ office or calling in perBon. —BODDEN Gold Peppers: Meeting Wednesday, July 21, 5 p. m., room 304 of the Union. Compulsory attendance. —McDONALD Mortar Board: Meeting at B :30 p. m. Tuesday, July 20, in Union Faculty Lounge. Group picture will be taken so wear Mortar Board jumpers. •—LAUER Math Conditions: Examinations to remove conditions in mathematics will be given July 24, 1:30 p. m., in room 218 of the Recitation building. A permit to take the examination must be obtained at the Math office not later than Friday noon, July 23, —AYERS
Classified Ads I Typewriters: Addins macnincs, ail make« sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeo. graph work done. C. J. EbershofT, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watehea, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Isian DITice, 407 Columbia. Wanted—To rent, alto saxophone, good condition. Call 76702. Buzz Haeger. i Buy War Bonds And Stamps ^
Buy-J^ar Bond.s And Stamps
pNHOLDi [i94Z AM. DtVlNG champion, WHO IS NOW SERV/M(P WITH THE WAVES/
BUY MOiR BOmS/
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students is A CLASSIFIED AD in THE PURDUE EXPONENT
t.’ii