"■ ■ -gll ’tf'ljk
full Program Arranged For Mother’s Day Style Show, Pageant, Banquet, Sing, Dance Make Up Activities Mothers of Purdue students will
be entertained on the campus'-this week-end with a series of entertainments ineluding a style show> a pageant, a banquet, a' University singr and a Mother’s Day mixer. Various fraternities and sororities
are {making ?sep^
eidds^^t M mothers; of students in their respective organizations during Saturday and Sunday. ' Beginning at 10:30 o’clock Saturday morning the Purdue mothers will be entertained by co-ed clothing studehtsj^:in a style revue, mod elling ; dresses they have made in their classes. A noon luncheon has been planncd in the Memorial Union Building for mothers^ daughters, fathers and sons. Dr. Ei G, Elliott, president of the University, will be the principal speaker.; The annual May day pageant will be staged at 2:30 o’clock, Saturday afternoon. If the weather permits, it will be held on the campus oval, otherwise plans have been made tot hold it in the Memorial Gymnasium. Miss Edith Gregory, of West Lafayette, will be May Queen. Her court is composed of Lillian Peterson, West Lafayette, maid of honor; Sara K. Poorttian, Eaton; Helen Hall, West Lafayette; Mary Rose Harlan, ISreencastles Evelyn Kellenberger, Evanston, 111.; Eileen Lamb^ Lafay ette; Mary Louise Lustig, Columbus and Mary Luxton, South Bend. • After the pageant, pledges to Mortar Board, honorary organization for senio r women, will be announced. The University Sing, an Mmual event, will take place at 6:45 in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. Mothers will be guests at the Union ‘Mixer’ Saturday night. Special services, by the University Y. W- C. A. with Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, noted woman engineer and Purdue faculty member, as the speaker will be held
Sunday morning.
Brewer Will Discuss Strategy At Chess Club Lieut. Col. Carlos Brewer,,of the Uniil-ersity military department, will compare military and chess strategy in an address before the University Chess club tonight at 7:30 in room 2 of the Union Building. Plans will be discussed for the tourney with the Indiana University chess team, while E. C. Filstrup and J. W. Connelly will play off the final game in the University chess tour-
nament.
Literary Contest Closes Friday ^ At 5;30 O’clock Four days remain in which to enter manuscripts in the annual University literary contest. Entries should be turned in at room 204 of University Hail by 6:30 o’clock Friday afternoon. Prize winning papers will be announced at the literary banquet May 18, at which Theodore Dreiser, novelist, will be the main speaker. Cash prizes amounting to $75 as well as several cups will be awarded that
night. Prizes
Dr. Wetherill, of the Tippecanoe county Historical Society, will give fifty dollars in prizes for historical essays, poems, short plays or stories. The English department is presenting an award of ten dollars for a familiar essay, and an additional ten dollars will be given for the best essay on a phase of science or the life of a scientist, with a second prize of five dollars. In addition, the George Ade Cup will be given for the best play, the Dayid E. Ross cup for the best poem, and the H. G. Reisner cup for the best short story.
AmeliaEarhart Praises Pilots Noted Aviatrix A pears Before Senate Investigation Amelia Earhart> Unwersity coiv sultaht on /careers for wpmen, testified in defense of airway* pilots; be fore Senator Copol^d’s air safety conamittee in tb.e Seriate last Friday. The noted aviatrix laid the blame for air tragedies upOn lack of safety devices in airplanes and not the pilots, whoiri she described a-s “interested, loyal gropp laboring under handicaps imposed by arbitrary government rulings.” Miss Esirhart scored the investi gating committee for placing too much stress upon airway aids and too little Stress ori plane improvement. She praised the “humble inventors” of navigation instruments as the flyer’s real benefactor. The Senate sub-committee was appointed last May to irivestigate the death of Senator Gutting, killed in New Mexico iri an aijrway crash. The committee was to devise means of promoting airway safety. Praises Service Miss Earhart Said she had flown a passenger or ,pilot on every American airline and had “found no better service than that given in the ’ She eulogized American, airways as far superior to thosepf any other country. She expressed the hope that aviation had not appeared too “grownup” for members Of the committee and begged that they would not take any petty jealousies or criticism offered in the investigation, as opim ions representative of the airway in-
dustry.
She also requested that leniency be granted to pilots who had been “shelved” for crashes, as the action made them ineligible for further employment while their records had shown them to be extremely valuable to the airmail industry.
‘Funeral services for Alva Mitchell business mariager of the school pa-
Chasteen, 20, affectionately known as “Casey”, junior student in the University school of agriculture, will be held at the Methodist church in Scottsburg at 11 o’clock tomorrow morning. “Casey” died suddenly at 4:40 o?clock Sunday afternoon at the Home hospital, Lafayette, where he had been taken April 23 suffering from a kidney ailment. His death was caused by streptococci infection of the blood stream brought on by his weakened condition. The body was removed to the Templeton-Jackson funeral home,
Lafayette, and was taken to Scottsburg Sunday night for burial. His parents had been at his bedside constantly since
April 26.
per, a regular member of the debate team, a member of the -4-H club, the glee club, and played One of the roIeS in the senior play. He also had five years’ experience in the 4-H club with work in leadership, livestock
judging, potatoes, and lambs.
“Casey” entered Purdue in the fall of 1932 and was rated as a distinguished student’ at .the end of his first semester. He worked on the editorial staff of the Exponent, and had attained the position of associate editor this year. In September, 1934, he was forced to drop out of
school after an attack of kidney trouble. After staying out for a year, he resumed his studies in agricultural chemis-
try last fall;
ROTO Rehearses Fol* Inspection Today The Ri O. T. C. Corps Day drill ioday will consist of a complete rehearsal of the national inspection formation. Weather permitting, the corps will assemble on the Intramural Field where they will pass in review, and go through the inspection routine as well as calisthenics. In-case of inclement weather, the brigade will meet iri the Armory, where a modified formation and drill will be rehearsed.
opens Here iTiri > ^ ^ f 1 omorrow
1,800 County And Towndnp Winner* ToMeet For Three Days
‘Tlasriy’^ was horri, qri; at farm between Scottsburg and Deputy, Indiana, June 27, 1915, and was the only child of
Mr. and Mrs. Alva Chasteen. He entered Scottsburg high school in September, i928i and was;^a^rited
in May, 1932, /vrith one of
est records in scholarship and activities ever attained at that school. In additton to beirig an honor student at the high school, “Gasey” was
“Casey” was a member of Phi Sigma Kappa social fraternity, and triis recently elect^ its secrttaryW Hie was; also
a member of Sigma Delta Chi, prof Sssiorial jpurnalisttc fraternity, C-imlet, athletic booster tidri, arid Skull and Crescent, sophoiriore horiorary organization. Most of the members of Phi Sigma Ka.ppa plan to atterid the furieral
tomorrow morning.
Foreign Students Will Give ‘^interfiationJal I Starts At 8
T« R. Johnston Recovering
From Iniiienza
, T. R. “Tommy” Johnston, University publicity director, who has been ill at home with the flu since Sat--arday, was much improved last night and expected to return to work this morriing. i •
PI A Installs New
Executives At
Special Meeting Officers of the Purdue Independent Association for the coming year assumed their positions at a special meeting of the old arid new groups of executives in the association office in the Memorial Union Building last night . Under the supervision of Nellie Harris, co-ed executive and acting president, the 1936-37 officers were counseled in their, duties and authority of office
by the retiring members.
Besides Miss Harris, first woman president of P. I. A., largest campus orgariization, officers retiring included Roy Dieterich, vice president; Helen Murphy, secretary; arid John Bowniar, treasurer. Members of the old,board :of directors were Kenneth Reiner, men’s activities chairman; Dofi Mae Patterson, women’s ac-
\XT n o 1 *
4-H Rooms Rooms in West Lafayette homes will be needed for 4rH club members who will be here for the annual club round-up which will be held here tomorrow, Thursday and Friday. Those who wish to rent rooms during the period are requested to call 2676 today.
tivfties; John Ward, men’s social; Regina Kelly, women’s social; Howard Peters, campaign; Herman Hersh, political; and Robert
Schlundt, publicity.
The incoming group of officers included Herman Hersh, president; Regina Kelly, co-ed executive; Lo ran Buxton, vice president; Mary Wien, secretary; and John Ward, treasurer. The riew board consists of Wilson White, men’s activities chairman; Robert Schluridt, men’s social; Dwight Wait, political; Mary Wien, women’s activities; John Bowmar, carhpaign; Mary Humphreys, women’s social; and Harold
Sennstrpm, publicity.
Members of the University Cosmopolitan club will present “International Night”, a program consisting of two one-act plays and eleven vaudeville numbers, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 8 o’clock tonight. Seventeen nationalities will be represented in the songs, costumes and dances to be presented in both old and modern manrier.
I
Introductory Talk by E. Soo, President of Cosmopolitari Club ■II.. Pantomine (One Act Play) Miss Virginia Griffin V. Conciatu—(Roumania). R. Blandon, Jr.— (Nicaragua). F; TrOpaga—(Porto Rico). R. Blandon—(Nicaragua). ;iii , Persian Marriage (One Act Play) Miss Allison Moore G. H. Putoohee. A. F. Futoohee. ; 'v Spanish Cabaret (Floor Shows) T. Spanish Songs—S. American Students. 2. Trio—Marjorie Rogers, Julianna Smith, Marian Rogers. Tap Dance-^Dicky Humphreys; music by Purdue Co-eds and Keenan Brothers. , 3. Rumba Dance—Miss Betty Hayes (Carial Zone). F. Trapaga (Porto Rico). 4. “Ramona” in two langues— Valdes-Perez (Cuba). V. Conciatu (Roumania). 6. “Pantaloon” — Rouqueta ' (Cuba).. 6. Music—Keenan Brothers. 7. “Son” Danrie — Miss Betty Hayes (Canal Zone). M. Cerda Mexico.8. Fencing—^Misses Pflughaupt and Knapp. 9. HyTpinotism-Lee (Korea). 10. Tricks and Magic — Jung (China). Futoohee (Iran). 11. Spanish Song,“Damisella”Miss Betty Stabler (Canal Zone). Valdes-Perez (Cuba). Tickets for the production may be purchased in the Umbn Ipbby, at Deac’s, Southwprth’s, or the Meclean Music Store. General admission is twenty-five cents and reserved seats are forty cents.
Annual S t a t e -Wi d e Conference Starts To-
'■■•'■ morrow-; Poultrymen from all over Indiana as well as several from other stated will gather here this week to attend the annual Egg and Chick shows held in the Uriiverrity Poultry Building tomorrow, Thursday and Friday. All plans have been completed and the committee, under the direction of M. V. Flock, junior agricriltural student, has prepared one of the most interesting shows ever held here. Exhibit classes in the Chick Show will close Thursday at 1 O’clock, while those Of the Egg Show will close at 10 o’clock Thursday morning. Two new display classes have been added; to the high school and individual divisions to stimulate club interest.
Awards
A large plaque will be given to the winner of the ten dozen egg class, and the individual displaying the highest scoring five dozen will wiri $2 in cash. Oyer $30 in cash and trade Will be given to the winners of brown and white egg displays in freshman, sophomore and combined junior and senior classes, while sixteen inch gold alloy cup will be awarded to the grand sweepstakes
winner.
Two of Indiana’s most prominent poultrymen, P. G. Endres,, Frankfort, and E. Sproat, assistant manager, of the Svdft arid Company Produce Plant, Logansport, will judge the chicks and eggs, respectively.
Engineers To Display Work Technical Schools Will Hold ^‘Open House” Tomorrow Evening ;; If vreatter coriditions tire; f^orable, “open house” visitors will be allowed to look at the stars through the uHyorsity^ tomorrow rii^t during the an^ tivitieh lasting frona 7 uritil 10 p. m. The telescope vrill be part of the engirieering school exhibits which will also : include bridge moflols, a to'pographical map of Indiana; sind a riiodelof Boulder Dam. Hydraulic laboratory experiments will be demonetrated as -vrill tests of building materials iiicluding blocte, glass bricks, arid yariOus grades of steel. Other demonstrations plaiiried will illustrate the use of sub merged color lighting, and the flow of water through orifices, weirs, channels, and oyer spillways. ■ .Exhibits^ ; The school of chemical engineering has planned a series Of exhibits of chemical engirieering products and appliances, which will also include demonstrations Of heat treatment and metallography. All electrical engineering laboratories will be open for inspection wherb a demonstration of the high; frequency telsa coil will be presented, as Well as amateur radio operation, artificial lightnirig, and a voice controlled
train.
Automobile and tractor tests vrill be run in the mechanical engineering laboratories. The Purdue test locomotive “Vauclairi No. 4” will bb operated for the program. The pharmacy and science schools vrill also contribute exhibits to the program-
Pi Kappa Phi
Pi Kappa Phi fraternity announces the election bf the following officers; R. F. Bririson, archon; R. E. Thomson, treasurer; D. E* Black; secretary; H, G.. Hamilton, warden F. W, Winter, historian; J, M. Lyles chaplain; R. C. Viets, house mariager.,
Student Union Sends Dads Purdue News The Student Union recently sent the April issue of Purdue Dads News through the mail to the fatriers of all University students. The publication contains the general information of campus activities and includes a story of the formation of Purdue Dads clubs in various cities located in arid about this state, as well as plans made for the Mother’s Day program and for the summei^ session, which will begin on June 16, The publication is edited by the University Student Union, and this year’s stt^ is headed by Ruth iLaspach, vice president. In the issue also appear shorts on athletics and R, p. T, C., and a picture of the new student service arid Admiriistration Building, Deari Uorothy C. Stratton
and Dean M. L. Pisher^^^ ^^^
The home economics sbhool will give a diriner in the Home Economics Building ori Tuesday, May 19, in Commemoration of the founding of the school ten years ago and to honor the fOrty-three senior students who will graduate in June. Invitations have been sent to all alumnae located in Indiana and adjacent states as well as all former members of the staff and many have signified their intention of attending the cele
bration.
The home economics work at the University started as a department many years ago, and the demand for this course of study grew until in 1926 a school of home economics was organized, under the direction of Dean Mary L. Matthews. During the past ten years, the school has grown to be one of the largest of its kind among land grant colleges.
Approximately 1,800 county rind township champions in the various divisions of state 4-H clubs vrill assemble here tomorrow for the eighteenth annual 4-H Round-Up. All plans have been completed for the three-day session, which will begin tomorrow morning vrith a series of contests for both girls and boys. Livestock judging contests for the boys and a demonstration contest for the girls, with winners from the nine districts of the state competin|f» will open the activities for the 4-H members. The boys’ demonstration competition vrill also be held during the day, while tomorrow night tiie -University engineering, pharmacy; and science Schools VdU hold “bpeU v house” for a j^oup of Indiana high school youths which is exyerited to number abbut 4,b00. Demoristratibris by : studerits, exhibitions, aiM souTi> yeriirs hriVe been arranged fra- the entertairiirient of jthe visitors. {
Judging Cmdests
Judging contests iri eggs, poultry corn, sheep, and da^ wiR tinned on Thursday’s prpgrairi, and bird, vveed; aiid insect identificatioh contests '^for those membei^ n^^ ested will also be held. Baking, canning, clothirigV food prepaKi-tidn, health and room hriproyembnt judging contests vrill g:et under way dnring the morriing and he conapleted that aftemoori. Thursday evening University livestock will be put on revue ut the paviliori by merribers of the various student organizations. Final vrinners in the cont^ts wiU be selected Friday, with the vrinners to represent Iridiaria in national contests. Gtonfererices for both adult and junior -4-H leaders vriH be held throughout the round-up. INyo banquets, one for the boys and one for the girls, will close the prograin
Friday evening.
Set 1936 Debris Distribiitioii D^ei For May 11 In Union Copies of the 1936 Debris vrill be distributed next Moriday, May 11, in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Buildirig at 8 a. iri. until 5 p. m., according to an announcement made last night by Editor Bob Bray- : ton. He said the distribution of books was expected to last two days
only. ,//■■:
A banquet for members" of the present Debris staff vrill be held on Wednesday evening at 6 o’clock in the Fowler hotel. Special copies of\the annual will be presented to the board members at this time. Thfrrname of the rirember will be embossed in gold upon
his book.
aim. jX h M ^
8 I
Ipha Zeta Holds Initiation Today Alpha ZIeta, honorary agricultural fraternity, vrill hold initiation this afternoon in Agriculture Hall at 4 o’clock, and at 6:30 they vrill hold the initiation banquet in the recep tipn room of the Memorial Union Building. George Byers, governor of the state KiwanisV will address the group of approximately 55 students and alumni. The Alpha Zeta scholastic plaque will be awarded to E. W. Swanson, freshman agricultural student, for attaining the highest scholastic riv-r. erage, 6.81, of any freshmaiiag during the first seiriester of this scheol
year, -.■
^ma
Foods Discussioii Factors which affect the vitamin A activity of food materials, methods of preservation, causes of deterioratiori, and problems encoiriater-^ ed in producing milk and butter of high vitamin A content vvere ffis- : cussed at an open nteetirig of the : Purdue chapter of Sigma Xi at 7:3ff last evening in the Memorial Uniont Building. Speakers vvere Dr. Hi IL i Kraybill, state chemist; Dr. C, L* Shrewsbury and Dr. S. M. Hauge of the chemical staff, who discussed “The Caritonoidsand Vitamin A”. Dr. Shrewsbui'y and Dr. Hauge made reports on the research which they have been cari'ying on concerning the pigment-bearing caritonoids, especially caritiu. With the aid of their personally developed photoelectric calorimeter, they have devised a method for deteimining the effect which caritin, a colored compound closely allied with vitamin A; has on animal Hfe. They have suo-
this compound, for further studgi.Hauitinr vt Kattomtl Coil««« Pwm A«oetett«^ BS« Tea
aepwwented by National A^wrtiring , jiaft Mafflaon AVenuo, New Yoris City
U^DER NEW MANAGEMENT
■Sntend sa Mteond dsM matter at the poM office. Lsfay^. Tth© Colyillli regretfolly Says gob*-
by to yolil* Exiond and my Friend, Walter Russell Abbott, and congrat* nlations for thcM^ood work (?) dur-
ing the past year.
M&. tA60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; Bold by eingle copy, 8-<iePtB.
MATO OFEICBI—S12 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone $087
Dally Student Publication of Purdue University
Saturday, May 9, on this campus. Of eoiir^e, "the only truly Welcoihe One will be sunshihe, htit the others will be represented in theTday Day pageant by costumes and dances.
er of
ilditozwia-Ghiif-MaBasiag EdltOT..
■DnOBiAL BTAVr
B. V; lEmaw ;:C. H. .Campbell
Auoeiate fiditiin..
^ M. Chasteen, C. M, Hardin,
^. ftaicrti. /Editpr...-.’-—. Atoociato Spmdh Editors-. IWihwnBre > AHiataata.
"W* ^TS;' Hutiit,':E. .Hi-Nioridfe; aL'‘C|v;:WA10ier.
Bold and BlSch Editot-
BoBtntos EtohaCMFAdvartisins MansKcr.. Advartisine AssistahtsOiroolation Manassr^
Editor-
AHOciato Editors..
.D. P. Mull, E: H. Walpole, U D. Wood . .K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock. A. H. Forwter,
0. Sarw E. P. Manion, O. L. Sadle^ E. 0. Sfehdnk,
BUSINESS STAPF
^W- E. Abbott
W. A. Koch
;.At. Fi Ahtonini: IL. H/Bro^, R Creeki D, 0, jdUler
-R. Jr Hnlse
WdMENB STAFF
. Joyce Williams -Selen Creech, Edna Hutton, Ellen Mann
..-Josephine Ferkins
- .......Jean Brown, Jean Janousek, Marjorie, XiOuis,
Sophomore Asaistantt-.—McCartn^, Elizabeth Eyke, Esther Turley
Tuesday, May 5,1:9$6 Issue Editor—'J, S.
Sunday afternoon one of the .most iaitliful;.workers that, the Exponent, has; ever .known was t^en hy death. Mitchell Chasteen, better- known on. the campus: as' Just , plain “Casey”, had been fighting a complication that had confined Mm . to his home during the past school year.. It was a case of over-enthusiasm for Purdue> for Phi
- that: brought him
_ _ " a
severe
well as one
even
.ever
His favorite expression, “No
The entire staff of the Exponent Joins with Casey’s innumerable friends on the campus in extending deepest
Left Turn ***.«.***V** — — w—*^—————. — AT — the second time within two weeks to elect a Chamber of Deputies, and the swing to the left advanced from a probability to a fact. The Popular Front, a combination of all shades of leftwing factions, pooled voting power to win a sweeping victory and gain control of the nation’s political forces. With the completion/of the balloting, France has reached the climax or anti-climax of one of the most trying times in her history, Writing in Harper’s Magazine, M. E. Savage predicts a “descent into the streets,” which is a French interpretation of civil war. Indeed^ the stage seems to be set for such an event. During the past few years, France has maintained a hard grip oh her gold, standing by as other countries dropped from the gold standard and accepted a managed currency. She has been playing a losing game which no nation could si Yesterday the Bremen left Cherbourg with a cargo of gold amounting to ten and a half million dollars. An embargo on gold and a devaluation of the franc seem inevitable. Until June 12, the present Chamber, repudiated at the polls, must carry on while an explosive populace hangs on the verge of internal conflict. As the Leftists move into power. Hitler and the franc will probably receive first attention. Before that time, though, the whole world will watch with interest to see if the various shades of the left-wing Front can hold together as well in writing governmental policies as they did in throwing out the right-wing Nationalists. Our Youthfpi Visitors This week the campus will be crowded with some 1800 rural boys and girls from all sections of Indiana, who will be here to attend the annual 4-H Club Round-up. This large group of young people, each of which is a winner in his particular 4-H Club project, will be here as guests of the University in recognition of outstanding work performed in their home communities. The Roundup is second only to the Agricultural Conference in the number of people that it brings to the University, and although many of them are youthful and motivated more by curiosity than by the urge of intellectual pursuit, they will rOG^iV© -P-Wi-vW* 4''V\rviV VkTvi/i-p /lirt'Vl4*Ort4^ Y YTT 4''^1 4“ Vi n University. ^ . paring to enter college next year or some later year, and the impressions made here this week will play no small part in in fluencing them in selecting the most desirable university t(
attend.
Through various faculty members and the students of the School of Agriculture, Purdue is doing its part in planning and executing a complete and varied program of activity. Open House, the baseball game, a 4-H Club party in the Union, and numerous contests, lectures, and banquets constitute the highlights of the program Here is an opportunity for students and faculty members to complete an impression, and implant ah undying Ipve and respect for Purdue in the minds of tomorrow’s rural leaders. —C. M. H
MERGERS IN THE MOONLIGHT There may not have been any moon, but the mergers were many. The following are as many as we have been able io account for: Sig Ep Soles limped over to the Pifi house and blew over Audrey Blow with his Badge; the ATO’s boast of two putter-outers—Burt Fielding planked hisn on Maggie Call (even if she did go to Pi^M the next night with MArtin Pbielph e The otlh^, Roehiii,; also drppp^ Jiis At the Pifi house where it was picke^ up by Angel-Puss Garters Now here is a lad that hjis been trying to get ' rid of his shield for mbrtthS-r^ttd finally !^tty Elston tarokp dbwh ajad Harrison B. Stuhl^ can sleep in; peace—she gbt it Saturday iiighL ^ GIVE HIM A COLD SHOWER The Phi Pi Phi house gives us the report that their brother ‘qronHiorse” Paul has had his pin off the vest since Christmas and still no cigars. What he needs is a nice cold
bath.
. NOTICE , , If you have a little friend in your house that can’t find his pin after the hectic week-end we just had, send^-his name and maybe we can help him find it. We know lots of girls who are collecting them. WHOSE JOKE BOOK HAVE YOU GOT? Ogeno sends in the following: Is she a sorority girl? Gamma Phi know. Boy: My sister knows more than
yourn
Kid: Impossible! My Sister is a maid in a frat house. He: It was a case of love at first
sight.
Him: Why didn’t you marry her? He: I saw her again. , FOR SHAME JOHNNY Johnny Drake searched all evening Prom night to find a car so he and Trena could get away from the mob. They finally got away, but what they did or where they went nobody knows. The SAE’s are giving brother Drake just 24 hours to conie through. If they don’t find out, we
Will.'
' . SUCH A PASTIME Ato’s Tam and Shea spent Prom evening in the Blazer rating all the dates the boys brought in. Call 2377 to find out how your girl Stands in that nation-wide contest. There is nocharga.: LEAP. YEAR ,STUFF AGAIN Pifi Gillespie (ask Eric and Jones what they call her) lost her pin over the week-end, too. Contributions are still more than welcome so send’em in. —SaadS.
Costumes will play a very important part in this year’s pageant^ much more s6 than last year’s. Cellophane will be featured as the outstanding material. Fabrics of bright colors will also be used, and metallic paint will decorate many of the creations.
Although the groups in the various dances Will be much smaller than usual, there will be more numbers, and much color and ingenuity will be employed. Participants in the dance of the Earthsprites, Eastern Flowers, Fairies, Redwoods, Southern Flowers, and Shades of Night will wear creations that will convince the audience as well as the Queen of May/ just kow lovely the world of nature really is,
As a- hint, one S-hduid keep his eyes open for the dance of the Southern Flowdfs, wWch promises to be very lovely. Hugh garlands of flowers decorate the costumes. Another unusual spectacle, the coming of the Shades of Night, introduces a very different finale.
Much cutting, sewing and pinning has been going on in the W. S. G, A. office these days. All of it has to do with May Day costumes. For months the committee has been consiidering suitable designs for the pageant; now they have selected them and are hard at work oh them. One really doesn’t realize the Work put into such a display, but a visit to the W. S. G. A. office any afternoon this week will convince anyone that May Day isn’t just play day. —J. J.
Chancellor Charles W.*, Flint. They
wired a note df cheer from Washington, saying that, federal action might be taken. ' . ' \ Tale Begins " The tale begins with a group of. architectural students sitting around trying to think of something to do instead of studying architecture. Some bright lad thought,of ihe'bomb plot, and an infernal machine was immediately constructed from taped wires, cotton, dead dry cell batteries, cardboard tubes filled with sugar and an old alarm clock. Addressed to “Comrade Chancellor Charles W. Flint”, it was entrusted to the U. S. mails, wherein lay its undoing* An alert postoffice clerk, noting the horrendous “Comrade” salutation, and the ticking of the alarm clock, rushed the package to a pail dkkrater, Postal ihsptechors dsehed it in due time, and were at first convinced it was genuine._The sugarsoaked cotton had the same appearaiice as A«n-Cottoh/ they said. / / Tale Ends The University did not concern itself mth^ t^^ plight (tf ike twentyffive pranksters When G-men had rounded them up and hustled them into cells at the city jail. “ThS naatter is in the hands of the authorities,” said Vice Chancellor William P. Graham.
. MB
2$e per paiMenger uy part of thr dty
6023 ' PHONES 6071 YELLOW CAB CO I
.... 1 .■*• i
'■i::''...' ‘
' r ' t '‘L ^ 1 '
LITLE E. F
T^HER
Watchm
aker !
Wallace Block
322 Ferry St
Opposite New
Post Office
J I
lifiifc '■< 'i > 'A fL
Clarence H. McClendon, from Yorktown, Ind., recently arrived at the airport to study lUechanics under the tutelage of Capt. L. I. Aretz, airport lessee. McClendon will reside at the airport while pursuing his studies. Sunday evening a Stinson trimotpr from Detroit with one passenger, piloted by Mayepek, landed and took off immediately after refueling. Monday afternoon a Gulf Gasoline Stinson tri-motor from Indianapolis, landed and took off immediately for South Bend. No passengers were aboard and the pilot failed to reeprd his stop on the airport schedule.
Farm Mamagemeiit To Hold State Livestdcfc Siirvey . /. The farm management department has appointed John Van Siclek, Kokomo; E. R. Bonham, Warren; D. Paarberg, Crown Point; and H. Houck, Lafayette, to collect data on the feeder livestock situation relative to sheep, hogs and beef cattle in the various sections of the state. The work will be; completed by July 1.
. LAWN; MOWERS Sharpen^ and repaired. New and nsed inoweto. Prices on new Ball Bearinsr Mowers $6.25 and np. Mdwers called for and delivered. Pb Jos. MMlhaiipt & Son 209-n North Fifth Street Phone 2828- Lafftyettep Intd.
Dooser’s Flower Shop QoaMty Plowera Main at 7th Phone 605®
Locking The Door With the end of another semester rapidly approaching, many students are just beginning to get under way in some of their courses. After two months or so of taking things easy, they are realizing that they must do some work in order to halt impending failures or conditions. ^This seems to be a case of “locking the door after the horse is stolen”* Preaching does no good. The only comforting thought is Iblmt the present semester might prove a lesson to those who tend toward delinquency in their studies, and possibly spur theihimnextfall.^-W.T^^ ^ I believe in vigorous physical exercise—for other people.— Presideni Robert M. Hutchins, University of Chicagp. ^ %e Bijg^T^ reach the point where it can be called IhePIghtingM
N. Mars, EE ’35, Donates Plaque To EE Scliool A bronze plaque has recently been prepa.red by the various shops of the department of practical mechanics under the direction of Professor Hoffman and donated to the school of electrical engineering where it has been mounted in the main corridor of the Electrical Engineering Building. It reads; “Designed and executed for the school of electrical engineering by N. Mars, B. S. E. E1936, in appreciation of the educational advantages afforded to students of other lands in these Uenited States of America”.
Kappa Delta Pi Kappa Delta Pi, national education Honorary, announces the initiation of the following at a banquet Tuesday, April 28 : Anistis Franklin, Irene Feldt, Louanna Thompson, Virginia Pierce, Minadel Venemanh, Junerose Piper, Alice Stair, Nellie Greenburg, Lillian Murphy, Betty Baur, Betty Arnold, Mildred Bauer, Edna Hutson, Marjorie Knott, Margaret Dimmickj Eugene JacksDil, j, E, Love, Arthur Milward, Acaid Cantwell, W. S. Chancellor.
DR. A. M. ; IRION Dplltlst : Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
■ , D E A C ; HAS EVBETIHING ' '.'.for. h COLLEGE EDUCATION, Ho 6.
We make application piotorea for $1.26 per dozen. Special price on lota of fifty or more.
105 Vine St.
W. Lafayette
TOBAY
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
TOBAY - WEBNESBAY 2 BIG FEATURES
7CODAY - WEDNESDAY
M£W happy NE W " mmES , , a hd a * GmuB J story/
MORtmBmm THAirsVER /«,
: —EXTRA— Mickey Mouse (in color) All Color Musicall Revue Chic Sale Act ,
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS : '
LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
TODAY - WEDNESDAY CONWAY TEARLE in “Desert Guns” also JAMESDUNN ARLENEJUDGE '. In. “Welcome liome”
Prink Milk for Mor^ Bnwgy
CaH JOHNSON Phone 41^32
Milk is your best food-— it’s packed full of nutritWe elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it's body-building and energy building.'f,(V ,<<;', _ S^Siilis
r'^P't;%i3>tyB;.E^3?i6k»-5Nfl'^V ^ -—,|.g,.nmt|,^i^in|,ff;^l,inii,,,iip |ii||iiiii.|,e,Bj|te,<.,ffliffefii.||nft,||Ht|.irif»ii<<fN|i;B^
'•t^Wrl
lifiii
‘ '!' i ,r" i '' *
s%s
mSS
iiissMsSL.
mkemimsm:
n ri ry'' '‘intl^td bee-Saw Tut Ends 20 To 13 Resort To Aerial At* tack When Fuddles Halt Ground Game Purdue’s'junior and senior football candidates downed the freshmen, 20 to 13, in the final game of spring practice last Saturday after-, noon on the varsity practice field ' east 6f Cary KPall. Both teams see-sawed back and forth in the middle of the field during most of the game. The frosh made only one serious drive during the first half when they started on their own 30 yard line and carried the ball to the varsity’s 20 yard line. Stalcup Starts Fireworks Freddie Stalcup started the firewords when he ran 66 yards through frosh and mud puddles for a touchdown on the second play of the contest. Cecil Isbell converted for the extra point. Bunng the rest ter the teams ppshed each otherIbaclc and forth through the mud in the middle of the field. Substitutions were made/freely ht the end of the ■ ":first 'quartiBr.':^:''Tv TLate irt ttie second quarter the%r sity completed two passes wliiclr yieldedvSQ yards apiece and ended in a touchdbym. The first passVwa^^ to Fitzgerald who Was stopped oh the 30 yard line; On the next play Medley passed to Gift, who took the ball oyer the goal. Fitzgerald: attempted the kick for the extra point but itvwas blocked. Varsity Shows Weakness The first half ended with the frosh trying several passes for which the varsity showed a weakness in their
defense.
On the third play after the second half started Vergane went back to kick. Receiving a bad pass from the ?. center, Vergane stepped off fast through the fight side of the line. The freshmen quickly formed interference, and With a flying wedge taking Stalcup, the safety man out, Vergane crossed the goal for the yearling’s first touchdown. Mihal kicked for the extra points v T In the middle of the same quarter, Wincheh frosh back, on a run ning play through the left side of the linej lateralled to Montague who carried the ball to the one yard line whef e he was pulled dovm by Stal-
eup; Winchell then plunged over for the touehdowjn. Mihal’s kick was
blocked.
Treshmen Kick Off - v The freshmen then kicked off to the varsity. On the first play Stalcup caught a pass on the 60 yard line from Cecil Isbell and outdistanced the frosh for a touchdown. Cecil Isbell kicked the extra point. Neither team made a serious threat in the fourth quarter and the game ended, 20 to 13. -
STARTING LINEUP
Bolfiny. ■SchfoyefT Dahlbeck. Bell White Woltman Fitzgerald... Cody Isbell. Stalcup; CeCillsbell flecker
lir^hTf .Spahn
Mihal
Kd^fok ..Aronson ..Johnson Vergane iiontague
Purvis iJean .Truska
Detroit Golfers Beat Boilermakers The University of Detroit golfers defeated Purdue last Saturday over a raimsbadced; course by a score 13 1-2 to 41-2. The morning half of the dual gojff session devoted tO best-rtoll foursomes, Purdue splittingeyen on the four matches; Durittgihe afternoon’s play the fietrOiters: swept all of the individual 'matchesvT Three points Were awarded; on each match. The be score for the first nine holes and the second nine holes received one counter each; The tptals for the afternoon’s play rah 10 1-2 for Detroit and 11-2 fOr Pur-
due. TT,
Smith scored one of the Purdue counters in his match with Laphan, and liockWood garnered the half against Taylor. Tim David» Of Ihirdue, shot the low medal scOre Of the day> a:,74." ■,
Ward Tracksters Will
S Monday
The rntramUral ward track meet which was to be held yesterday afternoon vras postponed because Of the soggy condition of the stadium field. This meet has been scheduled for next Monday afternOon. v Ward managers must turn in their entry blanks fOr this meet tomOrrow;
Track Team Meets DePauw Tomorrow After suffering a close defeat by the University of Chicago, Purdue’s track team will make a comeback against the DePauw thinlydads tomorrow afternoon at the Eoss-Ade
stadium.
The Boilermakers will pin their hopes of a victory on the chance that the dash and field men will place. The Gold and Black distance men, led by Lakie Glettdenning, have shown the most strength throughout
the season.
On Saturday, Northwestern and Indiana will come to Purdue for a
triangular meet.
Badgers Lose To Cue Team Purdjue retained the coveted Percy Collins cup when its billiards, team turned back the challenge of the Wisconsin cue-pushers last Friday and Saturday, Purdue took six out of the nine straight rail matches and repeated by the s,ame score in the three cushion matches. The play began Friday with the straight rail matches during which an intercollegiate record was broken. Hunter, Purdue’s star straight rail player, had run 46 billiards which was surpassed by his opponent, Xiillesahd. The score ran to 87 and 68, i^vor of^ W^ Hunter turuOd ■ ih; his napst byilliaht exhibition, a continuous run of 32 to end the 100 point match. The winner averaged 8 L3 pomls per shot, h newTUniversity record. V ^ Rail Billiard
Three rail bilhai^
yme held on tlm second day of play requiring the evening to complete the tourney. This style of play was not wi^oOt close finishes, devr era! of the matOhes en^ns 25 to 24. The principal referee was Mf* 'Charles Peterson, the great f ahcy shot artist. Mr* Peterson concluded Saturday night’s piny with an exv
hibition.
IM Track Meet Today
4. 4. 4.'”^4^ 4.''.^.4..
BASEBALL
^ '4'. -fv 4- ,4r;
4- 4 4,
Diatnond
3— Ward 17 vs. Ward 10. , 4- Ward 11 vs. Ward 7. 6—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 15. 6— Lambda Chi Alpha vs; Sigma Al-
pha Mu;
7— Delta Tau Delta vs. Triangle. 8— -Acacia vs. Alpha Ga^mma Rho.
'm Xli' > -m ' tmiyik Beats Purdue, 72-59
Martinmen Make Clean
I rnSERS DO K WORK OF 10/
WOODBURY COLl^ COED, CAN m worn A MtNUTS « cm mm HERUEPTAmHAS mn sm
OOlLKiE (rEJ<j^T 6ll/MX)Are NOW TAKING ADVANCED WORK AT THE U. OF IV\1CHISAN. IN HER WFE HAS NEVER WADE A <aRADE .LOWER '. THAN AY
|)E5Pim mU BUNDNE5$;IWR5FPP®4i^ RATTERiOtiirEADS her Cmi OP 100 59c WY STUDENTS AT NEW YORK W
' SHE is Al^ AN El^EPT BWD6E
Super Service
PAY WOOD
The various Greek-rletter track teams will meet on the Ross-Ade stadium track fiei^^ to begin the struggle' for the mterfraternity track and field supremacy this afternoon.;.;' Today’s competition features seven events, ilie lih) yard; dash, mile ruhj 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, discus, and the pole vault. In all sprints including the relay, it will be necessary to hold time trials to decide contestants for the final heat. In all races above the 440 relay, every contestant entered in a race starts at once. N 0 time trials are
run.;/
Two Entries In Each Event Each fraternity is allowed two men in an event, and these men may be shifted or changed at the track. Anyprie wishing to enter late, may do so by reporting to the event in which they wish to enter at the track. With decent weather and a good track some of the long-stand ing intramural records may be broken. Many of the boys have beep training seriously for this meet, and there won’t be much squeaking of rusty bones when the meet gets um der way; /■’: ■ The meet win be scored on the 6-3-24 system, that is, 6 points fpr a first in an event* 3 for a second etc. Each house receives fifty/payr ticipation ppints/f or entering a fedni in events, and tep and five additiOPai points will he aw^ayded tO the cham? ydOns and the xunneyrups. The wdnning team gets medals, and as usnal the li^nnofs/yidll receive a^^^^h^
trophy.
Other Events Thursday The remaining eight evehl® are scheduled for Thursday af^^^ including the 220 yard dash, the mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, the half mile, javelinvlh^pad junili* Ingh jump and finally the 440 yard relay The intramural department has ruled the fOliOvdhg Then ineli^ihle; for today’s meet because they are h<dders of letters: Bluemel, JSuf-/ meister, Glendenhing* Goory, JanOe/ Lemen, McGatmon, MOOfe* Si^lcup, ;sples?/':3tewnyl^ /;.T!plU^e^K»/:'’ end .%ughh>-Gattr/’’''-' ■
Petry Wins
Alunmi Award
195-Lb. Lenter Shows Most Improvement Basil E. Petryj'of Terre Haute,
sturdy freshman eepter, was named Saturday, as the winner of the sixth annual Purdue Freshman Football Merit Trophy awarded by the Purdue Alumni Association. The award
which is based on improvement Lhaf event for Chicago
shown during spring drill, along with scholarship, attitude, and attendance, was announced at the reg-; ulation game that afternoon between a freshman eleven and a sophomore-;junior combination that brought the spring practice session
to an official close.
Frederick H. Montague, of Noblesville, outstanding; yearling quarterback candidate, was named as alternate fey thfi awaydj/whi(^^ ccmkiSts of u handsome gold In order to qualify for permanent possession of the trophy^ the winner must return to the University in the faU eli^hle fof vavmi^ ccmipetition. Both Petry, a former star at Geysimesrer / high dchooi, Terre Haute, and Montaguey Nohlesville high school product, aye freshmen in the school of engineering, and both are 18 yeardof age. Petry, a; rangy 196 pound, 6 foot, 1 inch, peyfqimer, has showii rapid development, and is cohsideyed/ode of the outstanding cdndideies^T^ the pivot post on hext fall’s eleven, while Montague, the altefiiate selection for the award, is heing depended Upon to bolster the Boiler-r makef baej^elA A sp^dy ball car rier and blocker, Montague Weigi^ 180 pbiinds and is five feet, ll inches
tall. '■
The five pyevibus winners of the
award include Paul Emmons, Loganspwt; Gafl Heldt, / Evansville;
Leon Dailey, Gary; Jbhn
Hatf-MOeRmu
Ray Ellinwood, fortner Purdue student, and Jay BerwangerTed the University of Chicago track team to a narrow 72 to 69 victory over the Boilermakers last Saturday afternoon at Ross-Ade stadium. The Maroons showed their strength in the dashes and the field events, while the Boilermakers grabbed all the
points in the distances.
Ellinwood proved again he is Olympic material by taking first in the 220 and 440 yard dashes, and then running anchor man in the mile relay, he overcame a 20 yard lead given to Lakie Glendenning and won
His unofifl-
cial time for the last quarter of the
mile relay was 47.6 seconds. Chicago’s football star for the last
three years, Jay Berwanger, was high point man for the meet. He .started out by taking first in the shot put. Following this .he placed third in the century and discus. The imle yeiay came next; on vdiidi :h ran mnnber Hireb man, aiid; then lie
finished the afternoon first in the javelin and plaemg see^ ond in €he Imoad jump. - Purdue scored grand slams in the mile and half-mile, Glendemdng, Goory, and Janos finishhig the mile in a dead heat. Janos and Goory alse ended the two mile side by side;' Purdue needing only another man to make a clean sweep of that race also*
SUMMARIES
Pole vault—Steele (C) ; Sines (P> and Ballinger (G) tied for second. Hrigbt. IX
feet, 10 inches.
Shot put—Berwanger (C>, AndreS <P), Labelle <C). Distance. 42 feek 5 inches. ’ ;ffi ; (C) and Wiliiamsott ; (P) tied for hrst, Lemen (F). Height 5
feet, 6 3-4 inches.
^ Javelin ; throwr-rrBerwanger (O), Stewart ; (F) . Schilling (F). Distance IW
inches.
Discus throw—Lahelle (C), Reed (F>, BerWange^ yC). Di^anfe, 119 ;feet,!l ::;Er6;^:’inniiHr®ipbah;:(Gl,;BerwaBg€»-lC!)i;':: Stewart (F). Distance, 22 f^t, 2 1-2 iacnes*; ’. :‘Qne;7mlle:;'rnu-rTr.GIend^hink,':;.6^ry;':vand:v; Janos (P tied for first Time, 4:67. idO-rVai'd; dMb-r-EUinwoOd': IG),; VlFebBt^ (G) j:Blu^el (P). Time, :49.4. ; idd-y&jMwd^^ Delpifei t^Fl,.;, Berwanger (C). Time, :10.4. 120--yard high hnrdles---BeaI: (C), liomen (P), Newman (C). Time, ;16. ■: BMf-haile run-?-Giehdenijih^ (P); Bteemel 4 (P), Terhuiie (P). Time, 1:69.8. ■ 220-yard dashr-^Ellihwohd (C);;catt^ (P),-Kranse';(G>:'TiiH^; ■•22.4.:';--.f,, ; ;:Two-mile: run--Janos and Goory (P) tied': for first; Smith (C). Time, 10:33.4.' :-s : ;220-ryacd low: hm;dles-4‘®>*ea -; tP)» : (C), Newman (C), Time, ;25.8. ' OU^mile' yelay-r^Wdn by -Chicago - CWdl^ ster,' jphh&tbne,; BerWanger, iEUifiiVbod.)*:. i^me,-3i2d.2. :
—
Yoii alw^;s/^^ need fbr ^tira us te it
m a reMat basis
Drake,
Chicago, HI., iand Don Powell, Port ]^ayhe. Drake, a fullback, and Powell, an end, aye expected to be permanent fixtures in the Bbilermaker iineup neXt fall.
WE SUPPLY
WH Y Buyr
FO.UNDEp 1899 AN / ACtREDltED LAWSCHOOL text and CASE SYSTEM Note: Beginning September, 1936, the afternoon xourse con. tihues qs.o 3-yedr cpufse, but the .evening course changes from 0 3; to o 4-year cou.rte., •StadeatsHeBlrlag to take the preaent 3-year evening etiurae zauai enter on or before July 6,293!Si
RErRlGEBUtlORS
CHI.CAQ0.iUU
CiA$SES Afternoons , 4:30 Evenings . . 6:30 Lead to LJL, B. and LD. degrees, two years' college wbrk required for ehtrqnce. ' / For free catalog and bpciktet, “StudV ,of ^ low and Proper Prepqrotion" address: Edwprd T. Lee; Peon, Box 22 . 315 Plymouth Cowrt,;CHICAQb. ..:
Fatigue
at the 'reading distance is: due to fatigue of either acr commodation (focusing) or convergence (act of-bring-ing eyes; in; from parallelism to see near object). Only a complete abd .-tbcnv^h;: eye-■■ 4tibn determines, wW^ te the ailing function.
A. Enz, Jr. OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St,
Five Years Proteetion Every Wes^iighottse BefrigeratDr is j^ect^ for five years Dy R vrittea warranty^^^^a^^ j^edtM a#wce epensa^D^ mechanism.
Phone 4900.. .West Side Sqtiate
4-'
Wmiil#5M^;!V ^pi|J;,,;'_u5
iii-J.
'tMiil-
'm
i^snidpolitaA Clul^ ‘la ^n^aiiomal Night’’, Vaion balirootti, 8 p. ai. ' Forestry Club Meetiag, Hort Mding, topai 801,7;b-l0 p. m. Tomon^ow Baseball, Wabash at Purdue. 4-H Bound-trp, all day. 4-H Club Meeting, Ag Hall, assembly room, 7-8 p. m. Egg and Baby Chick Shovre, Foultry Building. ' Horticultural Society, Hort Building, room 202, 7-9 p. m. Thursday 4-H ROund-Up, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7:30 a. m., 2:45-6 p. m.; Livestock Judging Pavilion. Egg and Baby Chick Shows 7-9 p. m., Poultry Building. Friday Playshop’s Mother’s Day Play, “The Romantic Young Lady”, Jefferson gymnasium, 8:30 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club Social !^our Union, 7 p. m. 4-H Club, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7 a. m.-10 p. m.Baseball, Indiana at Purdue. Egg and Baby Chick Shows, Poultry Building. Sigma Chi Informal Dance, Chapter house, 9-12. Triangle Informal Radio Dance, Chapter house, 9-12. 4-H Club Party, Women’s gym, 9:30-11:30 p. m. Saturday Baseball, Indiana at Purdue. Acacia, Delta Sigma Lambda Spring Formal, Allen’s ballroom, 9-
12.
Alpha Kappa Lambda Spring Formal, Duncan Hall, 9-12. Mother’s Day Program , Style Show, Home Economics auditorium, 10:30-11:30 a. m. Luncheon, Union ballroom, 12 noon. Pageant, Oval, 2:30 p. m.; announcement of Mortar Board pledg-
es.
Reception, Union, following pageant. University Sing in front of Eliza Fowler Hall, 6:46. “The Romantic Young Lady”, Jefferson gymnasium, 8:30 p. m. May Day Mixer, Union ballroom, 9-12. Sunday Y. W. C. A. Service Hour, Facul ty Lounge, 9:30 a. m. Monday Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p. m., G. H. Enfield, “Minor Elements in Fertilizers”. Tuesday Kappa Delta Pi meeting, educa tion Building, 7-8 p. m. Twentieth District (entire state of Indiana) Convention of Rotary International, Union ballroom, adjacent rooms, also Eliza Fowler hall. Rotarian Luncheon, Union. Rotarian Banquet and Dance, Union ballroom. Baseball, Illinois at Purdue. Wednesday Poultry Club Meeting, Poultry Building, room 204, 7:15-9:30 p. m. Twentieth District Convention of Rotary International. Rotarian Luncheon, Union. Home Economics Faculty, Senior Alumni Dinner, Home Economics Cafe, 6:30 p. m. Baseball, Louisiana Tech at Purdue. English 14 Debate, University of California, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7-9 p.
m.
Cincinnati, Ohip.—(AGF).-*^That the word ‘‘school” does hot hpply to a college or university, but rath-, er, that “Institution” is correcl;, has been advocated by Pres. Raymond Walters of the University of Cincinnati. The term “school’’ properly belongs to the high school, preparatory school, elementary school, and in a certain sense to graduate or professional departments of univer-
sities.
Pres. Walters suggests “a small reform in verbal usage for our state and our whole section. The reform is to apply the terms ‘school,’ ‘college’ and ‘university’ more precisely.” Mr. Walters suggests that we avoid the word ‘school’, and when we mean the entire institution, use the words college or university. Dean Dorothy Stratton Mortar Board Inducts Dean Dorothy 0. Stratton was initiated into Mortar Board, national honorary for senior women, Sunday evening at an informal party given by Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, at the home of Dean and Mrs. R. G. Dukes. Other guests included Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss Laura Partch, Miss Helen Schelman and the actives of the University chapter.
4.4^!i,J^P^^hk,':4;S’enio^^':^hysip^^^ _ entjl Wi^lllgii^e a '.talk-'i^n-the' a Aii^etihg of. Sil^ma Fi ^^igmajj. hoii*», oraryi physics society, toni^hl at, 7:30 “. ihr thbi 'lecttti;e|p6sai„ pif; thp' physic's, buiidih]|. 'thi# lectuCe,,, the first ill a series designed' especially for utidergraduatef, yirill' bi' illustrated with Slides. It Will deal, with the experiments thht have led to the present theories on the subject.
mi
Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity announces the initiation of Wendell Bond, Oaktown; Leonard Elingsley, LaGrange; Donald ManloVe, Milton; and Sterling Meier, Indianapolis.
is' apt
you wear
Crown cleaning and pressing Will keep you "looking like a tiidhbn.”
Classified Ads.
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St.
Phone 2779.
Paper Towels—For the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Co.
the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamation service.
—HATT.
Girls' Glee Club—Compulsory rehearsal tOK morrow at 4:80 in University Hall. —FOORMAN.
Lost — Tan Gabardine Trench coat, last Wednesday or Thursday. Marshall 2942.
Skull and Crescent Sophomores—^Meeting at 7 ;30 tonight in Sigma Chi house. —CRAIG.
Skull and Crescent Freshmen—^Meeting at 8 tonight in Sigma Chi house. —CRAIG.
Voting Day
Wanted—^Tutor to help read Frau Sorge, German book. Phone Myers, 66712, evenings.
Jnior 'Military—See bulletin board for information relative to pistol instruction. Classes will start Thursday. Sign up for the periods, most convenient. —KAY.
Election polls ■will be thro'wn open this morning for qualified voters all over Indiana to cast their votes for candidates to county offices. Congress, and the Indiana legislature. Democrats and Republicans will vote on separate ballots between 6 this morning and 6 this evening.
NOTICES N* MtioM Mwiptad aftor • ». m.
Engineering Students—^The school of civil engineering will appreciate the return of the missing parts of the aluminum model of the Boulder Dam now on exhibit in the lobby of the Civil Engineering Building. This is a valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—No meeting tonight. —KELLENBERGBR.
American Student Union—Meet tonight at 7:30 at the Wesley Foundation. —STRAUSS. W. A. A. Archery—^The following games must be played at 4 today: Ward 1 vs. Theta; Ward 2 vs. Kappa; Ward 3 vs. Alpha Xi; Chi Omega vs. W. R. H. —BOEHM.
Forestry Club—^No meeting tonight. —CRAIG.
Industrial Education Students—Call at my office and arrange schedules for next semestej?. —HOFFMAN. Architcicturid Students—Call for your old drawings in Michael Golden Shops immediately. —MOSER. E. E. Seniors—Anyone who has not paid for his class picture to be hung in the E. E. Building arrange to do so immediately. Deadline Friday. Class picture includes graduates of Feb., June and August, 1936. —HAMMANN.
Religious Council—Meeting at 7:80 tonight in the Y. W. C. A. office in the Union. —HAYNES.
Forestry Planting Crew—Money is available now. —CRAIG.
Chess Club—Meeting at 7:80 tonight in room 2 of the Union. Lieut. Col. Brewer will talk on “Comparison of Chess Strategy with Military’’. —OHAVER. Alpha Zeta—Formal initiation at 4 today in Ag Hall. All actives be present. Initiation banquet at 6:80 tonight in reception room of the Union. —GARDNER.
W. A. A. Baseball—Today at 4, Chi O VB. Ward 1; 4:80. Chi O vs. Pi Phi-Alpha Xi In case of ram will play in gym. —KELLY. Life-Saving Class—^Meet at 8:30 tonight. —RUSSELL. Archery Club—^No meeting this week. —LEE. P. I. A. Men’s Chorus—Very important rehearsal tonight at 6:4B in tower room. All old and new members please be prompt. —COX, WHITE. Wesley' Foundation—Breakfast will be served free to students and visiting mothers next Sunday morning at 8:80. Please make reservations at the Foundation House. —McFADDEN.
Gold Peppers—^Meeting in W., S. G, A. office at 4 today. —SCUDDER.
Fraterity Presidents—^Tum in tickets and money from Freshman-Varsity game to Sigma Chi house. —McConnell.
Sigma Delta Chi—Meeting scheduled for tomorrow night has been postponed until Thursday night at 7:80 o’clock in the Debris office. ' —BUTZ.
going on here ... whafs happening in these 40 hmises
a moo pound hogshead of haf tobacco
WEH Plans Entertaimmeiit For 4-H Club Girls Tomorrow • Women’s Residence Hall will entertain the Indiana 4-H club girls attending the annual Round-Up tomorrow afternoon at open house in the Hall from 4 to 5 o’clock. Following a special program, the young ladies will be served refreshments on the terrace.
Kappa Psi
Kappa Psi, national pharmaceutical honorary fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: N. J, Arth, president; E. S. Willis, vice president; B. Hensler, secretary treasurer; and S. K. Bell, historian.
if a Sai&dwicli a Drialc then a CHOP STEAK 10c at the Triple XXX boot beer (free matches)
—the curing and ageing of leaf tobacco, that's what's going on. Thousands of hogsheads of mild ripe tobacco are under these roofs... just lying here ageing and sweetening and mellowing for Chesterfield cigarettes. hike Bdp Van Winkle, they sleep—the tobaccos getting mellower and milder ^ for the cigarette that Satisfies*
<S) i9i6. tieem & Mvbbs Tobacco Co.