. <
u U< i
,\f\ 'T* , 1"' f> '»'/:’ “' '"' ■'*'*'IX ' '' \ u‘^' ‘ , ' 'V ' X ’" ' ' „ 1 ’ < ’
m.
Wl
MeitRY^GO-ROUND ^ Asks Probe Into Profits Of Steamship Firms
EstabHthed 1889
xfMiem
CHINA COLUMN Tells Of Organizing
Red Cross In China
Volume 55, No. 77
Purdue Uniyersity, West- Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, January 26, 1^43
Riveters Take Revenge On/Ohio Squad 56-38 War Department Announces Status ®'99* ?•■*'
Friend High With 20 Points
Of Army Enlisted Reserve Corps
Information Constitutes fifth Policy Change Students were amused yesterday when news leaked out of the War Department’s fifth change of mind in the last month. A telegram from the War Department, through General Wallace, commanding officer of the Fifth Corps Area, stated that all students in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps, with several notable exceptions, would be called up at the end of the cur-
Annual Road School
AWS Decrees 2 O'clock Opens; Attendance
rent semester. Contrary to previous information, the telegram stated that students in a number of training groups would be deferred. The groups to receive deferment are: medical and premedical students, including those studying dental and veterinary work, engineers who are classified as sophomores, juniors or seniors, advanced course ROTC students and senior unit students in the electronics group. Length of Time Not Specified The length of time for which these Specified students will be deferred Was not stated in the telegram. It may safely be assumed, however, that their deferment will last until they have completed their undergraduate work, providing they keep up to schedule and graduate according to the accelerated program. The telegram also stated that Army Aviation Cadets on deferred status W(iuld not be called for an indefinite period. This last statement refutes a previous one stating that the cadets would be called up soon at the discretion of the War Department. Hockema Confused, Too Prof. P. C. Hockema, armed forces representative on the campus, stated that he was as confused as students about the War Department’s continual changing their mind. He stated that further detailed information is expected in the next few days. ME School Will Display Plane Engine This war has made most young men very air-minded. They will have a chance to add to their knowledge by watching a cut away model of a Wright Cyclone motoi in operation. This power .plant, a duplicate of the type used on our Flying Fortresses, will be on display Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. All engineering societies are invited to attend a class on Wednesday at 7 p. m. The motor will be on ekhibit to students on Thursday at 9, 11, 2 and 4 p. m. It will again be on display to students on Friday at 11, 1, and 3 p. m. and will be used for the freshman engineering lecture on Saturday. Mr. E. R. Perkey, ol the Studebaker Corporation of South Bend, where these motors aio built, will explain the functions of the various parts of this engine, aftei which the students tnay inspect it. It is a I'adial type engine and will be turned over by an auxiliaiy motor. ^ Students may come aiound in their free hours also to inspect this Jap chaser. Walter C. Kolb .., graduate of the School of Agriculture of the University, will return to the campus as a member of the staff in the State 4-H Club office. Kolb has formerly been prominent in 4-H Club supervision while a teacher of vocational agriculture in Anderson High School from which he resigned to accept his new position at the University. Ills lesignation will be effective at the end of the high school semester, and he will assume his post here Feb. 1.
War Training Classs To Start This Week In Heavilon Hall War Training classes in four different subjects will open on the campus this week. The courses will cover advanced engineering drawing, elementary and advanced time and motion study and production engineering. Those courses are being offered tuition-free by the United States office of education in order to provide industrial workers with the background necessary for efficient production of war materials. Course Will Develop Skill The drawing course will meet in room 201 of the Micfiael Golden Shops, and will be conducted by Prof. S. B. Elrod of the General Engineering Department. This course is designed to develop skill in making accurate and complete detail drawings and emphasizes originality in line with the student’s past experience. The time and motion courses will meet in the laboi-atoi’y in Heavilon Hall and will be held on Monday and Wednesday evenings. The elementary course is taught by Prof. Marvin Mundel, while the advanced class is instructed by L. C, Pipage. Both of these men are members of the General Engineering staff. These courses help supei-visor.s by showing how working methods can be simplified to increase speed^nd production. A. M. Bramblett, chief engineer for Peei'less Wire Goods, will instruct the class in production engineering which deals with the design and analysis of machine operations for the most efficient means of producing material. Other Cla.sses To Be Formed Furthei registi’ation for these courses will be accepted during the coming ■week by A. C. Lahr, War Training Office, Purdue. The phone is 7311. Other classes including electrical engineering, industrial safety engineering, metalluigy of aluminum, engineeiing mathematics and precision measurements in the machine industry will be oiganized soon. Mechanicals Must File Schedule Copy All sophomoies, juniors and seniois taking Mechanical and Aeionautical Engineeiing are lequested to turn in a copy of their schedule cards at the main office in the Mechanical Engineering Building, as Piofessor Bolz must have these cards in ordei to schedule interviews with them. It IS important foi all students to keep these lecoids current for they will be useful in securing a liosition aftei the wai, and also one may be called to active duty at any time. Leave a copy of your schedule card at the main office of the ME Building and Professor Bolz will schedule an interview with you in the neai futuie. ^
Notice Appearing in today’s paper is an advertisement addressed to the Senior women by the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps. We urge all women students to read it.
Jerry Wald
Hours Cotillion Night Limited Number Of Tickets Still Unsold For Semester's Final Formal Dance
By Ed Stephenson '
A few tickets for the sophomore cotillion are still available for $1.65 in the cashier’s office for students in all classes. Since Jerry Wald and his band will play for what is probably the last formal dance of the year when they make their debut here Friday, the AWS has set coed hobrs at two o’clock for the first time since the Military Ball last semester. With the change in coed hours, the com- ———
mittee in charge of the dance announced that dancing would start at 9 p. m. and last until 1 a. m.-instead of the 8:30-12:30 hours originally planned. * Besides being the last formal dance of the year, the cotillion will possibly be the last foimal for the duration. Because of the dance’s importance, Jerry Wald, the new clari-net-playing sensation from the Panther Room of the Hotel Sherman in Chicago, was chosen to sup-
ply music for the occasion. Feature Lovely Vocalist
Perhaps the mo.st interesting feature of Wald’s band for men in the University is Lillian Larfe, his lovely vocalist, who combines charming music and a charming appearance in such a way that she has Been featured alone in many news stories
concerning the band.
Lillian Lane, a minister’s daughter, started her career as a songstress by singing in church choirs in Fort Wayne. Later she worked at a Fort Wayne radio station and frequently sang with the studio orchestra, an occupation which soon brought her offers from such famous name bands as Claude Thornhill,
Joins Band In 1942
Since Lillian joined Wald's band late in 1942, she is one of the newest members of his young band. His band was first organized when he graduated from high school, and has been on the road to fame ever since. Proof that they are well on that road to the musician’s mecca, if not there already, is fuinished by the fact that Jerry Wald, his clarinet, and his band were selected to play for the famous Haivest Moon Ball in Madison Square Garden this past August. An estimated crowd of 20,000 loveis of modern music attended the ball when Wald played last
fall.
Featured In Harvest Moon This dancing event, which is famous throughout the nation, has had four of the most important of today’s topflight bands for its music 111 the past foul years. Artie Shaw, Jimmy Dorsey, Woody Herman, (See COTILLION, page 4)
University Library Receives Card Files For Research Work Umveisity Libraiy has been one ol 25 new depository libiaiies selected foi Library of Congress pi lilted catalog cards. The additions at both this University and Indiana University were announced reeent1.V by Aichibald MacLeish, Librarian of Congress. Addition of the libiaiies to the list of depositoiies bring- the total number of depository sets now being maintained aC centeis of research in this country and abroad to 106, MacLeish said. Distribution of the piinted catalog cards in these lirincipal centeis of research places at the immediate disposal of scholars and investigators in the par-
. . . popular clarinet maestro who will play for Sophomore
Cotillion Friday.
Universities Suffer 5 Per Cent Decline In Faculty Members Surveys made by the Office of Education show that 8,000 college and university teachers—five per cent of the total—dropped from faculty rolls between the fall of 1941 and the beginning of the 1942 school year. The decrease in men teachers -was actually 7 5 per cent but they were leplenished by 1.3 per cent moie women. The publiclycontrolled institutions lost the heaviest with the junior colleges m this categoiy losing ovei 17 percent of then men teacheis. Some Courses Discontinued This shortage of instiuctois has resulted m discontinuation of certain courses in some universities, longei -working hours lor the faculty, ictainment of staff inembeis past Uie Usual ictiiemcnt ages and in some cases, recalling pieviously letiied teacheis to the class room A number of tactics have been employed by vaiious schools "to make up lor this staff' deficiency. Replacing men teachers with women, incieasing salaries, obtaining draft deferments tor male faculty ineinbers, and employing moie undergiaduates for instructors. In some cases piofessional men have licen called in to teach individual couises, classes have been enlarged, teachers have been transferred from less crowded departments, couises have been combined and teaching piei equisites have been
lowered.
Best Two Methods ' Of all the methods of combating the shoitage, the Office of Education cites the following two methods as the most desirable and the least used. Transfer!ing teacheis from those branches that have a surplus.
ticular ai ea a partial but important and using piofessional men lor' record of the contents of the na- single courses. The Office points out tional collections at Washington, that these procedures lower the
ho explained. j standards the least.
Tops Expeclalions Carrying the burden of war time troubles plus their usual peace time problems, the twenty-ninth annual Road School opened yesterday morning, January 25. Registration btegan Sunday night with the arrival of many of the state’s county surveyors, road .supervisors, and city engineers. Decrease In Attendance Expected Captain Ben H. Petty, a professor in the Civil Engineering School and in charge of the Road School, stated that they expected 60 per cent of the usual delegation which numbered about 1,000 last year. He added, however, that 366 had legisteped during the first day, and that more are expected to register today. This was a number much greater than he had expected because of the war travel conditions. i Students and others have taken special interest in the photograph^ by the West Desk of the Union, which are a part of the Road School display. These have been especially prepared by R. E. Frost, a research engineer of the Joint Highway Research Project. The photographs not only represent careful preparation along technical lines, but are excellent examples of photography. Mr. Frost has taken prizes in other exhibits held in the Union. Another topic of local and national interest was discussed yesday morning by Mark 0. Ward, of the Goodrich Rubber Company. In his talk he discussed the Baruch Report and pointed out that the public has been somewhat misinformed about the rubber shortage. Contrary to public opinion, the plants for the production of synthetic rubber are 'w'ell under way toward construction. The critical time will come between July and November when the rubber stocks will fall dangerously low, possibly around the 120,000 ton minimum referred to in the Baruch report. Illustrated Lecture Given “Some News and "Views of Central America,” an illustrated lecture by Dr. George D. Scarseth, a soil chemist attached with the University Agricultural Experiment Station, weie given at a smoker held in the West Faculty Lounge last night. Scarseth has been to South America several times as a consultant on some laie diseases of the banana plant and took the pictures at this time. Theie has been a change in speakers for one of the discussions to be held this morning. H. E. Woodbuin will be unable to deliver his discussion on the views of a railroad engineer on public road and ditch assessments; however, L. W. Moss, an Engineer of Budges and Buildings, will pieside. (See ROAD SCHOOL, page 4) Lowe Will Preside Over Indianapolis Alumni Luncheon Foimei students and graduates of the University who are now in the Indiana State Legislatui-e will be enteitained at the regular meeting of the Puidue Alumni Association of Indianapolis at a luncheon tomori ow. Louie Lowe, popular Indiana band leader and prominent Indianapolis attorney, has recently been elected president of the group. He will preside at the meeting.
Exponent Staff Meeting of Exponent Boai'd tomorrow at 7 p. m. in Exponent Office. All juniors and seniors must be there. —HOSKINS
By Clint Sowards, Associate Sports Editor
Playing^ the kind of ball that champions play, Coach Ward Lambert’s Boilermaker basketball team last night gave the Ohio State Buckeyes a taste of Indiana basketball that they won’t forget for years. The Boilermaker machine, "working with the power and precision of a streamlined train under full power, completely out-played and out-classed the Bucks the
■ '' full run of the game till the final score read 56-38, giving the Boilermakers a Conference victory, and the satisfaction of “showing” the team that held them to a 32-34 defeat on their own floor a couple of nights ago that they weren’t tough enough to even come close to repeating such
a thing.
Immediately, with the opening tip-off, the Riveters swung into high gear and started things off with a bang. It was six minutes be-
Saturday Night Mixer Will Feature Cabaret; Maury Mahn To Play
Saturday night, the Union will
introduce a new feature for the usual mixer to be held from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. It will be a cabaret party with all arrangements cen-
tered around that theme. Maui’y fore the Bucks got close enough to Mahn will play. the basket with the ball to cause a Tickets for the event will cost flicker of interest to rise, mean$l.lO per couple and will provide while the Riveters, working as a the dancers with a candle-lit buffet unit, with perfect coordination, supper and three hours of dancing swept under to pile up eleven
on the specially arranged ballroom points,
floor. A new creation in Maury Teamwork Galore
Mahn’s orchestra themes will make its appearance on the backdrop and
the musicians’ bandfronts. The cabaret introduces a new
note into ballroom mixers on the campus in its unusual type of entertainment. Preceding the dance, refreshments will be served over a ring of tables surrounding the dancing floor. The dance will be held in the center of the dance floor.
Music Society Organized For Appreciation
The Riveter scoring machine ■was given impetus by all kinds of scrappy playing from Duffy Friend and Max Biggs; under the backboards, both enemy and home, Rudy Lawson, Ed Ehlers and Captain Al Menke continually held rule, giving the Boilermaker squad control of the leather three-quarters of the time. Long passes were many, and successful, diminutive Duflfy FWeiid on the business end of a goodly share of these passes whipped the drajiery with a total of 20 points, and simultaneously played a matchless floor game. Captain Menke atid his running mate Ed Ehlers each hit the hoop for eleven points before the final shot dropped the curtain on what has been the best basketball show the Boilermakers have
Ferhaps the need of a student or- put on this season, ganization for the appreciation of Second Half Stuff music is being realized in the found- The Lambert coached squad canle ing of !he University Chamber Mu- on the floor for the game with inforsic Society. The qualifications for mation that makes “Piggy’s” boys membership in the organization are second half teams. In a riot of fast
a genuine interest and love for music, especially present day compositions, whether they are classical or swing type. The organization had its infancy last semester and is being founded this term. The meetings will be held regularly in the Union, and notices in the Exponent will inform all students interested in the time and definite place of meetings. Chamber music can be defined as swing that can be played in a small room without deafening the listeneis. It would include all tjrpes of music, either classical or swing, but not jazz. As a nucleus of the group, there will be an orchestra formed and it is hoped that it will be of a different type than the campus has seen for quite some time. Definite plans for it have not yet been announced by the founders. WAA Holds Swimming Meet Tonight In Gym Tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym, the WAA Intramural Swimming meet will be held. The events which are to be lun are 60 yd. breaststioke, backstroke and free style lace; 80 yd. free style relay; 60 yd. medley relay for breaststroke, backstioke and crawl; 100 yd. breaststroke, backstroke and flee style race; form diving; form breast style; form back style and form Cl awl style. First, second and third place winneis in the relay races will be awarded 10, 8 and 6 points respectively, and in the individual events, 6, 4 and 3 points. Soioiities, wards and residence halls will be represented in the meet. Officials for the event are: Starter, Alice Bond,'^ PEW msiructor; official timekeeper, Marian Russell, PEW instructoi; judges, members of PEW staff", and cleik of course and announcei, Lucy Chaminade.
play and scoring, Menke, Ehlers and Friend piled up a 11 to 1 lead before Dugger broke loose and lifted one in for the red team. Then through the first half the play was the same, Lawson would grab the ball off the enemy backboard, let (See GAME STORY, page 4) Personnel Aids Seniors To Get Jobs In Field Statistics recently released by the University Personnel Service reveal that 93 per cent of the seniors of the four graduating classes of ’42 were placed immediately into industry, graduate work, qr the armed forces in comparison with 78 per cent for the previous year. Of the 1931 seniors of ’42, 1075 were employed in industry and graduate work, 716 marched, off to war, and 140 were not I’epmrted placed. Of only 938 ’41 graduates, 180 were not placed, while 566 took jobs in industry and 169 joined the services. jj The great upswing in employment can naturally be attributed to the war as can the reported rise m average basic salaries. Last year’s seniors are receiving an estimated $155 per month, an increase of $19 over 1941. Engineers Are Placed Of the 1050 men who received degiees ill engineering in ’42, only six were not placed. On the other hand, 440 are noyv engaged in the armed forces while the remaining 604 are out in the business world. The 446 ’41 engineers are placed as follows: 319 in industry, 112 in the services, and 35 not placed. All of the Engineering schools had 100 per cent placement recordk with the e.xception of the Chemical school, which failed to place five of a class of 193, and the Engineering Law school which failed to placo
one student.fuge 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January 26, 1943
Puirdue Exponent
Offices Editoriel and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
Editor Bnsiness Manac'cr News Editor UMWeinit Editor f enior Advortismit Monaircr parte Editor Coed Editor Coed Bnsmess Exccuti\e
Williain G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswinklc Dale B Bute Janies G Petty Joseph S Dawson Saily Beall A Jane Kcim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors B J Caylor ^ T Richardson T L Tilton W H Tyson W L Veripilioi M L Smith C C Martin ddl B Murphy „ , Coed Staff: Piiyllio Mann Martha Lee Rikbs Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Spoils Staff C Sotvards J Ackerman D Shryer R Smith
Business Staff
Assistant Advertisine Manager J Filpi Ad\ ertisinsT Maiiapers J Tlexon C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circulation Mianagers W Recktenwald and R Kroeplin Accounts Manager Mary PiltB
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor! Vermilion Sports Editor Sowards Day Editor Mann Issue Editor Sommer Reporters Peterson Dominik Edmondson Soijiluer Young Ford Gregory Wilbur Sanders Richardson Forsythe Wins low Ifnhn Goodenough Stephenson
Entered as second class matter at the post office m Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for m section U03 act of October 3 191" authorized January 20 1322 Published on Tuesday Thur day Friday and Sunday mornings during the year Delivered locally by earner for $1 76 for a semester or $3 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a semester or $3 60 for two semesters Represented for nations advertising by National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
11
They Did It Again
Now we’ie getting mad Up until today’s release by the War Depaitment concerning students’ status in the Enlisted Reserves we lust thought it was funny But aftei watching them change their minds for the fifth time, it’s no longei funny It’s tragic As the situation stands at piesent, students in the Armj- Enlisted Reserves and in the Aimy All Coips Enlisted Reseive, tiannng for essential activities will be defeired fiom active duty, piesumablj until giaduation But who believes the Aimv means what it says this time ■’ Who can give faith to an oigamzation that changes its decision on an avmxage of eveiy six days*^ Students fully expect to lead about a fuithei change of mind in the next w eek Who can blame them Theoreticallj. we college students lepiesent the gieatest leseive of officei material now available An ofiicei m any organization must have faith m his supeiiois in oidei to letain the faith and lespect of his suboidinates The War Depaitment’s policy of telling students a different stoiy eveiy week oi so is ceitamly not the way to maintain this necessary confidence Moreovei, this chameleoM-hke attitude is definitely unhealthy foi student morale. We students are trying to do our pait to prepaie for duties with the ai med foi ces But who can do his best when he feels like a fish at the end of a line held by a man who can’t make up his mind whether or not he wants fish for supper —w g h
C. F. Foiey
, f ’42, left Wednesflay loi Fort Sjll, Okla , whefc he will take a twelve weeks’ officei s tiaining couise He received his B S degie in electrical engmeeiing at the tJniveisity in Decembei and was also a giadu ate of military science and tactics Follow mg comple tion of the couise at Foit Sill ht w ill be commissioned a second lieutenant in the aimy
Thomas R. Abbring
foimer Univcisity student leccncd his wings Decembei lo at Randolph Field Abbiing was a staff sergeant in the icgular aimy bcfoic lie became an aviation cadet He has now been detailed as an in fctructoi at a basic fliing school
W. H. Lupke
giaduate of the Univeisity in 1942 was among the IG men in the class named bj Col Donald M Beeie Puiduc ROTC commandant honoi giaduates Lupke will become a second lieutenant in the field aitilleij as soon as he has taken field tiaming
Charles D. Ehinger
giaduate oi the school in 1938 has leceived his commission as a second lieutenant m the signal coip ol the U S Aimy and is stationed at I oit Monmouth N J
House opeiatioiib including light telephone, laun dry and salaiies kpiesent 9 2 pei cent of fiatcinity ilhd oioiity ehaptei expendituies a suney shows
New dean of Diake Univeisity College ol Phaimaej is Di George Edward Ciossen since 1933 a memhci of the Phaimaej College faculty of the Unneisity ol Minnesota
Moiavian Seminaly and Collegi ioi WonKiiieeent ly celebiated 200 yeais of uninteimpted siivice in the education of women
Mountameeiing comses tveie a seiious pait of the eummei cuiiiculum at the Univeisity of Colorado
qiie wsmm . . r«, u s p.i on MEBRY-€0-B0yND
By DREW PEARSON Aged Ships Bring Waterman Steamship Company Huge Profits On Red Sea Voyages
Income |313 766 Income $612 384 Income $222 442 Income $268 908
WASHINGTON—Congiessional piobcis would do well to ask the Wai Shipping Administiatioiifoi wai time figures on the piohts of steamship companies
They aie enoimous
For instance the West Kyska an aged tub owned by the Waterman Steamship Company of Mobile, is valued at only $8,139 Yet between May, 1941 and June, f942, she made various trips to the IJed Sea for which she was paid the not insigpificaRt supi of $326, 165 per trip. In other words the average gross income of the West Kyska was almost 4,000 per cent Incidentally the Wateiman Steamship Company ap pears especially fayoied by thg Government Foi forthiight Contiollei General Lindsay Waiicn has found that this company, after buying five vessels fioin the Maiitime Commission for only $596,000, later solfi five older ships back to the Maiitiine Com mission for $3,374,700 This, howevei, was only part of it The Wateiman Company had a total of 12f ships, including the West Kyska, with an aggiegate bpok value pf $786,422, on which the Waterman Company received an aveiage gross income of $3,342 669—or about 460 per cent— for individual tups to Red Sea poits, cany mg supplies to the Biitish Of couise, wai time insuiance rates zopmed and seamen s wages were sky high but even so Red Sea piofits look lush Othei Wateiman ships wnich have cashed in heav ily on voyages to this area aie the following, with in
come pel voyage
Ihe Bieiiville valued at $16 581 f he Antinous, valued at $52 272 The Ipswich valued at $30 847 The Ibeiville valued at $58 000 The Lafayette valued at $76 346 Income $261 621 The Gateway City valued at $24 952 Income $162
987
The Jean LaFitte valued at $43 039 Income $348
667
The Andiew J ickson valued at $168 493 Ineome $274 815 Note All these ships iiieludiiig the Mest Kvska, range from 22 to 24 years old • Frank Governor Dewey When Tom Dewey was inauguiated as Govoinoi of New Yoik among those piesent was distinguished Judge Philip McCook who picsided at i gieit many of the tiials by which Dewey bioke up New Yoil s gang woild Goveinoi Dewey w is stiff mil unbending dunng the iniuguiation ecicnionv Afteiw ud fi ink Judge McCook 1 email ed You know Governor I have piesuled at a lot of tiials of jours and Ive come to the conclusion that jou le about the most conceited man I know ’ Majbe jouie right, Judge icplicd the cquilly frank Dewej I suppose it’s in inferiorit) complex I stalled out to be an opera singei and failed, I guess I ve nevei quite gotten ovei it • Ind ia League Manj' people sj mpathirc w itli Indian asoii ations for independence oi Dominion status under the British Empire But inside fact is that i lot of Isolationists and some pro Nazis are using the India fieedom move qient as a shrewd vehicle for hitting either at the British Ol Roosevelts foieign policies Take foi instance the India League dinnci being held tonight at the Biltmoic in New Yoik On the executive eomniittce of the India League and piomot mg the dinner is Mis Seth MiUikcn, famous membei of the Amciica Fust Executive Committee in New Yoik Anothei India League executive is Mis Build Aimstiong a stiong Ameiica Fiistci Also behind the India League dinnei m New Yoik is Sidney Heitzberg who was public iclations tounscl foi Ameiica Fust, and is now public lelations eoun sel for the India League Then theie is Mis John Gunthci divoieed wife of the authoi of “Inside Euiope no isolationist who was fascinated bj Pandit Nehiu the Indian leadei and is still singing his piaises Anothei intciesting Indian Lcaguei is the Princess Ekatiina Obolensky, an Ohio gnl who maincd one of the Obolenskjs and who now displijs the Russian impeml eagle on her stationeiy Anothei inteiesting chaiaetei is Baion Piaij von Blombeig Boston contact foi the League who uoused a fuioi bcfoie i Long Island Rotuy Club when he made some lem uks intoipieted is pio N izi Appaientlj the India League is being used as an umbrella to eojei a lot of things, some of them having little to do with Indian independence • Marcantonio Melee
Ihe Demociatie caucus at which American Labor Pai tJ membei iMareantonio w as i uled off the House Tudiciarv Committee was the stiangest and wildest that House Democrats have held in jeais It found Mareantonio leeeiving suppoit tiom such unusuil spuiees as anti New Deal Gene Cox ol Georgia and Al Ired Bulwinkle of Noith Carolina They raised then voices ovei an upioaiious clamoi foi his defeat that bordeied at limes on pandemonium Even tlie usuallj tempeiate Repic'-entative Cliff Alooduim of 'Viiginu joined m with i iipsnoiting speech ibout Miicintomos leftist ties and votes igainst delensc measiues Ihe same ladicils with whom this in in is connected binned me in effigy twice in mj distiiet Woodium exclaimed in„iih Cox expl lined hi deseition ol the Southern eon eivitivchloe to plump foi Maieintonid by contend ing that his colleagues should follow pieeedcnt and uphold the avs and Means Committee which nomi nates Democials toi jilaces on standing committees Bulwinkle echoed the same sentiments But then pleas IS well as those of the tew Administi itionites who suppoited Maienitonio tell on deaf eais • Merry-Go-Round Seventj one yeai old Ld II Mooie new Scn«toi iiom Oklahoma believes in doing things in a big waj even whin it comes to his olliec loiee He lined a millionaiie seeietan IlaiiyL Wiiiek lulsioilman Wiiieks income tax howevei is still considei ibly less than Mooie s Back to the horse and buggy clavh A Washington want id asked toi i eoaehm ui competent lo gloom and diive a pan of hoises Aimy is liaving i tough time leeunting nuises, in competition witli the moie glamoious WAACS and WAVES (Copyiight 1943 bj United Featuie Syndicate Inc)
"Heck, no—We’ve lived here for more than five yearsto be out in the car week ends, that’s all ”
University Calendar Tuesday, January 26
Wednesday, January 27
Memoii il Union
North Ballrpom Union South B illroom Union Rm 108 Ae Engr Bldg
All Day Road School—See Program
6 30 P M Roid School Banquet 7 30 P M AIChE Meeting
"30PM Inst of Aeion lutical Sci Meeting
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbott and Jim Riclmidson
and consequi-ntly were in a weakened conaiiion due to the 1 Igors oi fighting and to this emeigcncy diet Aecoiding to lepoits the civilian eiew of
A small go iteed man w is shot down on i New Yoik stiect last week cTii with bis violent passing theie died i ICcCnd ind an individu il who w IS one of the few lemainmg old time 1 ulic ils unaffected bj mod cm dav lolalitaiiin docti ines incl ideas A et it eouldn t bo s ud of him that he vv is in itcoidinee witli the Ameiiein vv ij The killing ot Cu los Tiesci hi oil lit the speetoi ot old woikl issassin ition to oiu shoies The little echloi m ide iniiij enemies he w is on both the Com miinist mil I rseist bliel li Is uid w IS even liownid upon bv oiu own 1 oveinment VMi tevei the motive ind whoivcT w s i spon ible ii i hi death the 111 ol tl e n in who s i ig n evei\ Ihi i v s ei di 1 in h
Eveiylhin^ for a Lollpge Ediuation DEAC’S
HT
New under-ni m Cream Deodarcinf safely Stops Perspirafi©?^
goes OUT TO HER’
1. Dois not rot dresses or men s sliirts Docs nor irr ute skin 2. Novva tingtodri CuiLeusel right alter shaving 3. Iii8tvntl> stops] er 1 r t on for 1 to S d i) s PreveiU8 o lor 4. A J ire V lute j. ic i eless stainless vani lung ertain 5. Awvrled A] j i \ I Seal of Amcrio n Institute i f I aun ler mg for being Iniinless to
ITS Monty Woolley I The Pled Piper" star and Ida Lupino in her most thrilling, emotional role'
mmv IDA WOOILEV-LUPINO
with Cornel WiWe Sara Aligood • Melville Coopei Oirecied by Irving PIchel Produced pnd Written for the ‘ Screen by Nunnally Johmon
China By dl. B. Wu
The RMio 3.55...toi
-we used
All Day Road School—See Progi im Memoiial Union 130PM Wives of Mil Off Desseit Budge Old ChcstniP Rni Union 7 30 P M Undeigiaduate D lines Meeting Poom 261 Union
Congie&b hab become aioused lately o\ci icpoits (as vet un founded) that the ciew ol a meichant ship anchoicd off Quad alanal lefu&ed to woik on Sundaj to unload lood and supplies foi the MaiuiGh stationed theie As a it suit ot this, the fight mg men weie foiced to unload the ‘■hip Ihenwches in ordei to get despc' atcly needed articles Most ot these men had had only 1 ice to eat foi sev eial days
s line (lei > V lolent vv ij th it he liv ed The d ij s of the IWW and othei sim ilu movements now vie bhoved btill f a thei I ito the p ist
Bu ish toiees iie eontiiiiiing to
the ship weic raemhoib ol the CIO th ise Rommel and his vietoiioiib Maiitime Union Ihis incident aIii! i Koips incl the question h is could veij well stait i stiing ot ^ti en islowhcthei oi not the Gei investigation which will expose oi niiiibein top v hen they ic leh the piovi fil e many ehaigcb which rieneh toitihcaticnb The eountij have been leveled a»4mst Idhoi binee n, hi coining loughei 1 ut it eems the wai begin It maj be icmaiked th it the loug! ei it gets the t ster in pissing howevei that Maiitime Rommil le iMe to go It might be Union membcis havi in the past ^ugge ted tint th' P in un i Can il shown indisputable coinage and pa mthoiitic begin to w itch the east tiiotism in connection with buhma tin ippioitht to thi eitial is Rom line vvulut mil the othei added mcl inij. hi not be ibk to stop when wai tune ti i ils ot meichant seamen he tonn s to the co ist ot Afi le i mil
hi nfmeitiiin will n ituiallv cany hi n on to the e in il which is jou know V Old I bo V11V i iskej to III m isphc 1 e dexens
War lime Medical Aids and I raining m China China was caught absolutely un piepaied militai'ily economically and medically when Japan invaded China in 1937 In normal timcb, al though them was an Aiipy Medical Coips it was insufficient to cope with thv situation Di K S Lrm sagiificed fiis own inteie&tb and cairte to the lescue He oigamzed the Chinese Red Ciobs having his headquaiteis in Kweiyang He pei sonally led vaiious medical units to take caie of wounded soldieis on the fipnt Undei his able guidance, the Red Ciobs giew to one of the most impoitant oigamzations in the countiy A laige fleet of tiueks was opeiated on the Buimr Road bringing in medicgl supphesi Chin had altogethei, about 4,000 doctois at the beginning of the wai so emeigency medical tiaming schools and nuising progiams had to be established National health had to be taken eaie ot, and the pioblem of the physical and ecpnomicai re habilitation of ciippled soldieis was tackled The uigcnt need loi medical seivice training m China to defeat the Axis poweis and win peace was governed by the lollowmg facts (a) Initial shoitage of poisonnel (b) Ineieasing need resulting from Army expansion fi om 50 di visions to 00 divisions and 10 000 000 men (c) Iiticasing 1 ite of sicl ness 111 the u mj (d) Ineieasing need i exulting fiom the ineieasing i ite of sickness among icfugges In M IV 1938 the N itional He ilth Administi tion of China icquestcd Di Lim to 01 ganize a medical ti un ing school to tnin peisonnel loi the Medical Coips ind \nti Fpi deinic Coips Medical Relief Coips of the Chinese Red Cross uul the Aimj Medic il Seivice The follow ing indicate thi urns of the a un mg school Thiee peisonnel oh jectiv'’s—t) m ke up the defieicnej of the unquilified—to tiain bj r quid pioocss peisonnel solccfions fiom the unti unid iho in active seivice ind ilso new leeiiuts—to plan and develop icgiilu ti iimn ot doctois * muses ind aiixiliaiv peisonnel Natuic oi woik It will consist ot tnining tiaching and leseaich To achieve pnetieil ends To woik out an effective Aimj Medical Seivice ineliidmp tkc u ganizing and supeiMsiim 'f thc techmeal sei vices (mccheil sui ^jieal pievcnlitnc nuising sani taij lahoi itoiv X laj ttc ) and pioviding punted inanuils .^.ikI in stiuelion miteuals foi tlie eontin ually impioving medicil peisonnel in the field lo devise inaetieal foimulas and pi ovule mateiials foi civil authoiities and lelief oigan uations to eiiiy out oidinaiy pub he health woik To direct opeiation teams and units of the Army Med ical Corps and the Medical lelief eoips of tie Chinese Red Cioss Above alk e ich school urns to be a medical ti uning and teaching cen tei loL each wai area (Continued next issue)
1ALSE ALARM We weie fooled by the weathei Siind ly into thinking th it Old Man Wintei nny have decided to go North early this year and leave Spring with the controlling hand foi the lest of the semester We had visions of diit giloie tor yoiy evei obseivjng scribe to write ahotrt when the bap(s) began to run apd the pins began to fly, but we guess it was all 1 false alarm, so we put on OIU ear muffs as usual when we went to ckus this morning
NQI M tNY I FFT A report just c ime in that there are only five pins remaining nr the PiKA house The last five which have gone out in the past thi,ee weeks aie as follows Bob Donaldson on Juanita Gaiiet Paul Geisej on Millie Spring Al Dumiose on Rosemary Haney Ernie Bernhardt on Viiginia Lee and George Gay on h s gal at home
DR PAUL. A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD | RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th snd Main Sts Phone S701
TODAY and TOMORROW
0^^
c f wi,(uathimoi
I&Sk f fpr
LATEST PINNINGS Tilk about fist vvoikeis' Beta Bill Moigan believe it ov not was lecently iclievod ot his badge by Becky Cayloi (pudon us Mrs Meiei s) little sistei who just cnteied this biain iactoiy this semes tel W e don t know which one is the fast woi kei but wo w ill say w e weie suipiised to lie u that Stoneyheait’ Moigan had finally f illen Another pinning which has just icached oui eiis IS KDR Einie Fischei on L\ dyn Stem ot WRII
IHLSE riCKI E MOMI N And low the weellj diit about th it little bundle of jou know wh it, Adek Cole Jiut when w e h id fin il ly gotten iis d to the t ict that Adele was to be ilniost the sole piopeitj ot Phi Dell lorn Hill ioi in indefinite peiiod si e messed up oiu cUe fully compile 1 iligibihtv li'.t by blitlielj tossii g hid his ring and pm iftei just one date with Phi Pol Riik Bovnlon \M it has that 111 in got ’
\lSIIORb Jheti I ui\ Ividvvme made going to seliool 1 little jileasantei if not moie cdiii itional list Fiidij whei he hioiight i cute 1 londe visiting SI tci fiom scnepliee uound to cl isses w ith hei Let s have moie ot this' Anotlui visitoi ol this last wed 11(1 w IS DU Bob Hendeison, whe eiiiic hid foi tin game (and a big piilj) ill die sell up m his le eeiitlj uqimed N ivv umfoini
-—HELD OVER — Hurry — Lasf Two Days
SENSATIONAL' IS TO MILD FOR IT!
HITLER'S CHILDREN
Based on Gregor Ziemcr's Besr SelU ing Book "Education for Death" with TIM HOLT-BONITA GRANVILLE W B WARNER
— Added joy ■— Walt Disney Cartoon HOW TO FISH
im/mu
TODAY and TOMORROW
CRAWrORD JOHH WAYNI PHIUPDORN REimON bFRMCE
with
REGINALD OWEN ' ALBERT BASSERMANN JOHN CARRADINE • ANN AVARS
J EDWARD BROMBERG
Sc^ Play by Jan luillq Marvin Botawtky C More Cannylly DlracMbyJUttSOASSIN Producod by JOSBPH L MANKItWICZ A V«rq-Oaldwyn.Mqyar PIclur*
ytp
ifr
■ -t,' i -
January ^6, 1943
Boilermaker Spurts
Af
flet Squad Prepares For Of Indiana Next Saturday
II" li
^ ^ By Sheldon Watson
poa'ch liambert’s unpredictable Boileymakcrs will start a ■^^e]k,of practice sessions this afternoon in preparation for invasion of Indiana University next Saturday evening, la^iapa will be the heavy favorites in this battle, because of their dominating performances so far this season. The, Hoojsiey quintet is tied for first place in the Big Ten race with fouj* wqn and none lost. ,( ^ The co-owner of the coveted scoring fever when there’s a net
top befth is the powerful Illini ^^o^nd.
squad, last year’s l^ig Ten win- Ralph -
per. , By the time this article Hamilton, a junior, seems to be
?nrSimst1qTarirt\^^^
probably be holding down an undis- Saturday this former Rated first, place. Last night they Side of Ft. Wayne flash garmet tfie Iowa qumtet in the second ^ered 31 points. This is just three garde ^ a double bill. In the first gjjort of the Big Ten individual
game, Saturday night, the Hoosieis wept hog wild and left the floor wjth a^71-.^5 victory over the bewil-
dered iowans.
Scorer-s
fur their first four conference gajrjOP the‘McCracken-coached lads
scoring record of 34 markers in one game. Coach McCracken took Hamilton out of the fray five minutes before the final gun, not realizing that his protege was on the verge
of additional honors.
Lewis, Logan and Denton are all
1 P.oints to their opponents veterans on the hardwood and have of),^ Their victories are over Chi- proven this time after time in the by a typical Chicago score, gjg tilts. The center position on 9hio State twice and Iowa in their Hoosier cyclone is filled by Ward atest scorekeepers headache. The Williams, a sophomore, who will Popgiers have a well balanced quin- probably bdar watching especially
tet Witb plenty of reserve power, under the hoop. They have plent:^of veterans fi om Hope
the squad last season which won a Although the Boilermakers lack G ose 40-39 verdict from the Boiler- i\-^q an ay of veterans, they have a ipa evs at Indiana last year. Five hjrhting' squad which should keep i^egulars are back from last yearns Iloosiers hopping. Seeking resquad and these mixed with some of venge for the heart-breaking defeat fhe new discoveries make a real i^st season, and remembering the sewing machine. intense livaliy involved in any Boilvaptgui Irvin Swanson, who wa.s eimaker-Hoosier battle, the Lamat orward against the Riveters last bert-led lads should give a good acyear, now occupies a guaid beith, count of themselves and spill the APd handles it with a maximum of lugh-flying Hoosiers from their pin-
skill. Swanson dumped in markers nacle of fame,
from every corner in the meeting witb “Piggy’s” lads last season. At the other guard position, McCracken uses Dick Wittenbraker, another vet fl'oltt last season. Hamilton, Lewis, Logan and Denton share the forward duties and all have the high
Notice
’fhere will be no Sigma Delta I’si le.sts this afternoon, Tuesday, January 26. —Norm Goldstein
Highly Talehted Frosh To Appear In Coitirtig Yearling Tournament By the grace of a recent ruling by Big Ton officials which allows limited participation on the part of freshman squads and through the efforts of Frosh mentor “Dutch” Fehring, a freshman touinamont involving yeailing squads from Indiana, Illinois, Northwestern, and the local Riveter aggregation of a similar nature will be played. This tourney, designed to give the Boilermaker first year men an airing against future opponents, will bring into play some of the best frosh talent seen in the Midwest in many a moon. Probably the most publicized of this wealth of talent is Dwight “Dyke” Eddleman of the Illinois first year squad. Eddleman, who received nation-wide publicity as a high school star m basketball and track, carried his talents to college with him as he was high point man for both teams in the Illini Fiosh-Vaisity encounter this year. Indiana Stars Indiana will also bring along its share of bucket personalities in the persons of Bud Brown, George Babcock, and Max Payton. Brown saw service at the pivot post for Burns of Muncie, runner-up to the Washington Hatchets in last year’s state tournament, and also received the Gimbel Award, the highest honor that a high school basketball player can receive for his effoits. Babcock, playing for Coach Herman Wells at Loganspoi't, ran off with the North Central scoring honors last season; while Payton was cavorting* around the court for the Richmond Red Devils. All thiee of these men weie members of the Indiana All-Star squad, as were Bill Lodge and Jim Ertel, future Boilennaker greats. Riveter Stars Of course, the Riveters will not be without their share of high school stars. I^ addition to Lodge
The SpoJdJL UIjCWSL
Joe Dawson
^ Too Much Emphasis On First BasketSince about 9 o’clock last Satiuday evening, we’ve been Dying to cook up some soit of an alibi for the Boilci inakeis’ showing in the Ohio State “game”. At fust, it occurred to us that theie may have been considerable pressure on the players themselves because of the emphasis placell on the fiist Boilermaker basket. . . . Maybe that sounds silly, but those fellows could natuially feel the ten'^ion that existed among the seniors in the crowd. ^ What-About-The Rest Let’s say that that accounts for the first 13 minutes of the game. . . . Now just try to figure out some excuse for the rest of it. Everyone in the stands knew which team was the hotter. . . . Even the Buckeyes knew. . . . Regardless of this fact, the Boilermakers were defeated in one of the poorest exhibitions of basketball seen around here in some time. ^ Trackmen Open Season Saturday This Saturday in the Fieldhouse, the Boilermaker tiack team will play host to Indiana in the initial meet of the season for both schools. . . . The comparative stiengths of both the Hoosiers and the Riveters still remains a mystery even to the coaches. . . . However, Coach Hayes of Indiana has never failed ot turn up with a respectable team in the years past, so the meet should be something to watch. Such runners as A1 Jentz, Chuck Duesler, Geoi ge Archer, Bill Bancker, Roy Pearson and a bunch of others may be able to give the Boilermakers enough added sticngth to trim the Hoosiers. Jentz, in particular, will bear watching. . . . There is a strong possibility that the smoothe-striding senior will rank light up at the top among the Big Ten milers this season. ^ ^Dead lye' Kotz Anyone wondering just why Johnny Kotz has been the leading scorer for Wisconsin for the past two years can look at his free throw average and then readily understand. ... In 11 games so far this season John has missed only six foul shots, making 33 out of 39 for an average of 84 per cent. As a team the Iowa Hawkeyes rank as one of the most accurate teams in the midwest in this department. . . . They have cashed in on 107 of 147 free throws for a 69 per cent aieiage. . . Co-Captains Tom Chapman and Ben Trickey have made 72 per cent of their tries. and Ertel, Coach Fehring can sehd been giving the Varsity^tough batsuch men as Chailie Haag, Leroy ties throughout the year, winning Biutus, and Bill Bcrberian, all of as often as they were beaten, and whom have the best of reputations should give an excellent account of and advance publicity, into the fiay. themselves m the coming tournaThese latter five yearlings have iiient.
U. S. Army Amioiiiaeeiiieiit
"^0 ^
WAAC Draitsman
WAAC Laboratory Tochnicia
a 1 1
' WAAC
PAY SCALK
1 1
Officori Bquiv. Hank Base Monthly Pay
1 1
Director
Colonel
$3.33.33
1
Asit. Director
Lt. Colonel
291,67
1
Field Director
Major
250.00
1
1st Officer
Captain /
200.00
1
2nd Officer
Ist Lieutenant
166.67
1 1
3rd Officer enrolled Members
2nd Lieutenant
150.00
1 1 1
Chief Leader
Master Sergeant
$138.00
1
1st Leader
First Sergeant
138.00
1
Tech. Leader
Tech. Sergeant
114.00
1
Staff Leader
Staff Sergeant
96.00
1
Technician, 3rd Grade
Technician, 3rd Grade
96,00
1
Leader
Sergeant
78.00
1 1
Technician, 4th Grade
Technician, 4th Grade
78.00
1 1
Jr. Leader
Corporal
66 00
1 1
Technician, Sth Grade
rcchniciaii, Sth Grade
66.00
1
Auxiliary, 1st Class
Private, Ist Class
54.00
''Sll
Auxiliary ^
Private
•>1^0.00/
• /o t/ic ti6ove are ad
Jed certnm allowances lor
quarters V
and subit^lcHro nheri’ authorised
—
^^OUR Aruj,y has scores of jobs iu the ^VAAC for alert college iioiqen . . . jobs Mlal to the -war . . . jobs that will ti aiij yon for interesting new eari'ers in the ]Jost-war ivorld. And here is good ne^s indeed —- yon may enroll now in ibe fast-growing WAAC and bo jdaeed on inactive duty until llie school year ends. Then you will be subject to (all for duty -(vilb ibis splejidid women's (Oijis and be iaunebod upon an adventnro sni'b as no previous generation has known. Nciv horizons . . .'new jilaces and people . . . interesting, jiraclical experience* with good pay . . . and, alnnc all, a ical ojiiiorlunity to help vonr country by doing essential mililaiv woik lor llic C. S. Aimv that frees a soldier lor combat ,duty. These arc among main l■ca‘^ons v\by thousands of American women aic rosjtotidiiig to the Army’s need.
Ion vCll icooive valuable training which may lit von lor many of the new careers which are opening to women, and lull \rmy pay while doing *-0. Viul by joining now yon will have excellent chance^ for (juick advancement for, as lh(' \\ \ \C expand*-, many more officers are needed. et y member - -regardless of race, color or ('reed—ha-> I'qual oiiportnnilv and is encouraged to conipclc for ^-election to Officer Candidate School. If cpiahliod, % on may obtain a eonimission in 1.2 weeks after beginning iiasic training. Go to yonr W' \ \C Faenlly ‘Vdviscr for further inform.ition on tin* list ol openings, pay. and promotions. Or inquiri' at any U. S. Army iiceriiiling and liuiiietion St.ilion. - ■ P® S. RECeiUSTIIHiS AND INDUCTION SERVICE
A—
lA il¥
PS
Riveter^ Launch Ihdddf Track Season Saturday
By Clint Sowards
Saturday, January SO, the fourth and last of tTie er winter sports gets under way in the form of an indoor dual tra^k meet with the University of Indiana in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse, starting at 3:30 in the afternoon. Already “Biggjr" Lambert’s basketball squad, Dick Papenguth’s swimm^s and Claude Reeck’s defending Big Ten wrestling champions have made their debut, and Satur-
day the indoor track squ^ will make the Boilermaker winter sports program eomplele when they take to the track
Faculty
English
W.
37
L. 17
against the Cream and Crim-
son of Indiana.
Animal Husbandry
36
18
As to the probable outcome
Civil Engineering
36
18
of the clash ... it will be closely
Agricultural Extension
35
19
contested till the last calorie-^has
Poultry
34
20
been spent. The Indiana squad has
Agricultural Chem. 1
33
21
a well rounded squad of competent
Speech
33
21
men. In the dashes a lad napted
Physical Plant
33
21
Long, and his running mate, Fal-
Physics
32
22
well, are reported in prime confiL
Horticulture
32
22
tion. Price, brother of Wayne Price
Executive
32
22
who is on the Boilermaker sqitad,
Naval Training Station .
30
24
has considerable talent for the quar-
Agricultural Engineering
29
25
ter mile dash. Two ex-cross coun-
Electrical Engineering
29
25
try men, Labatke and Jndge, shine
Mechanical Engineering
28
26
in the distance events, and the hi^h
Agricultural Chem. 2
27
27
jump is amply taken care of by
Dairy
26
28
Johnson.
Agronomy 2
26
28
Time Trials
Radio Engineering-
25
29
The Riveter thinlies held time
Forestry
24
30
trials last Thursday in preparation for the event and the outcome was
Chemistiy 2
24
30
Recitation
23
31
encouraging. In the dashes. Co-
Agionomy 1
22
32
captain Bill Bancker, Bob Living-
Agricultural Chem. 3
22
32
house and Pearson have been show-
Chemical Engmeeiing
22
32
ing up best of the candidates. Last
Chemistry 1
21
33
year Bancker ran in the finals of the
Agricultural Exp. Sta.
21
33
conference 60-yard dash.
General Engineering-
20
34
Paul Gutting- and Barnes share
Pharmacy
20
34
the high hurdle responsibilities.
General Stores
19
35
However, Barnes is handicapped at
Biology
17
37
present by a leg injury. In the low
Army
16
38
hurdles Gutting again will partici-
pate, along with Livinghouse and
High Team Sets to Date—Eng
Iish, 2909; Agricultural Extension, Archer. 2893; Physics, 2859; Executive, Jentsch fn Half Mile
2851.
High Team Games to Date— English, 1049; Physics, 1030; General Engineering, 1023; Naval Training Station, 1022.
The 440 men, and the probable mile relay team, are as follows: Archer, Pearson, Bancker add Price. The Riveters are usually characterized by a strong mile relay
Chi
High Weekly Individual Sets to Tbis year is no exception. AI Date—Wykoff, 650; E. P. Miller, Jentsch, the other co-captain, and 642; Knoll, 631; Lehker, 614. Young make up the entries in the High Weekly Individual Games unle, and Jentsch again puts to Date—H. F. Owen, 268; W. L. J^Hh in the mile run, along with Clark, 256; Beers, 253; Baynes, 251. Kinder, Kenny Lynch and Ed
Sew aid.
Practically the whole cross country team of last fall, led by their captain, Charlie Duesler, make up the long distance or two mile run. The entrants include Ed Seward, K. Lynch, Michaels and Harrer.
Chuck Close
In the field events the Riveteis shine. Chuck Close, a sophomore; Calhoun, letterman fiom last year, and Suciu have all been showing Up
vs. Lambda Chi I"
jump, two sophomores, Brebner and Brown, are both capable of bettering SIX feet. Last year these lads set a new freshman Fieldhouse rec-
ord in the high jump.
John Grimm and Newman are the men m the pole vault, and both have been consistently vaulting around the twelve foot mark. In the broad jump, Bob Livinghouse and Dill Bancker team up in the final event.
Schedule
The complete indoor track schedule follow's: Jan. 30—Indiana here. Feb. 13—Purdue, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Northwestern and Chicago at Chicago. Feb. 20—Northwestern here. Feb. 27—At Illinois. Mar. 5-6—Big Ten meet at Chi-
cago.
Mar. 13—Illinois Tech Relays. Mar 20—Chicago Relays. Mai. 27—Purdue Relays.
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Tuesday, Jan. 26 Court 1—Emerson
Alpha Kappa Lambda \
Sigma Chi.
Theta Tau vs. Alpha
Rho.
Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Kappa
Delta Rho. Theta Xi
Alpha.
Court 2—S. Rudasics
Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Tau
Epsilon Phi.
Phi Kappa vs. Phi Delta
Theta.
Sigma Nil vs. Theta Chi. Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Ep-
silon.
Couit 3—-Pilarski
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tau
Kappa Epsilon.
Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta
Chi.
Shoit Course 1 vs. SC 2. Short Course 3 vs. SC 4.
7:00
7:15
8:10
8:25
7:00
7:15
8:10 8:25
7:00
7:15
8:10 8:25
7:00 7.15 8:10 8:25
BASKETBALL
Wednesday, Jan. 27
Court 3—Johnson Unit 2 vs. Unit 4. Unit 3 vs. Unit 7. Unit 5 vs. Unit 6.
Ag. Chem vs. Ward 6.
Court 4—-Pilarski-S Rudasics
7:00 7.15 8.10
Ward lA vs. Waul 27. Ward 2 vs. Waid 25. Ward 3 vs. Waul 22. Ward 11 vs. Waul 13.
Tlie follow'ing Ping-Pong singles iiiatchcb will be played Tuesday,
Jan. 20.
4:00—Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi, Sigma Chi,
Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Sigma •tournament,
Alpha Mu, Phi Gamma Delta, Pi
Kappa Alpha.
1:15^—Delta Clii and Lambda Chi
Alpha.
Industrial Recr^atldil
Notice
The class in Industrial Recro-
ation (PEM 165) will be held on^ Thursdaj night, January 28, Ttl3, Room no, Fieldhouse instead of
-Mondaj night, January 23.
please contact thd
Intiamural Office, Room 11, Field-
house.
The tollowing Squash matches w'lll be played Tuesday night, Jan.
26:
Couit 1 Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Couit 2 Alpha Chi Rho vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Sigma Nu Couit 3 Tiiangle vs Phi Kappa Psi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs Sigma
Pi
7 00
8 00
7 00
8.00
7:00 8:00
The following Squash matches will be played Wednesday evening,
Jan. 27* Court 1
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Chi
Court 2
.Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta
Xi.
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Court 3 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
7:00
i.OO
7.00
8:00
7 00
8 00
Co-op Basketball is set to stait on Febiuaiy 4 .\11 Co-op houses intciested in euteiing a team in this
Tau Epsilon Phi defeated Acacia to win the championship in thq pifig pong doubles tournament. ’There wore 29 fraternities,entered in thiy tournament.' 'I'''/'*’'
' '“ ' ^ ' 'V' ’"^i"r‘p^,'‘^”''''’! r^ ^ ^ ;,- ';^',f^i Purdue Exponent Tuesday, January 26, 1943)
We Wear Short Underwear Now
Bxponent Ads Featured
Long Underwear 25 Years Ago
Personnel Notes AWS Urges Frosh
Coeds To Petition
V. S. Peterson Will Speak At 7 Tomorrow
Notices
Alpha Zcia: Meeting tonight, •fa"S»£J' nt‘7 p. m. in Old Chestnut Boom. CotaiAit ^ tecs will be appointed. Every onS.^f^SST**'*
if only for a few minutes..
3KINNS
Kappa Delta PsiT There will bls »
. , , ... , 302 of the Union. -.
No Notices will be aecepted for this column jn^mbers be present,
after G p. m. on the day preceding the issue.
ing Thursday, Jan. 28. at ^0 p^m. 1«
-JOHNSON
Scheduled to Visit
Companies Campus:
Ingersoll-Rand Co., New York City — February 1. Interested in April and August ME, EE. Sign in
I Ceres, national agronomy honor-
.osaPha 1 ni umeifa; uv.k»»^
English and Speech Exams: Make-up exams attend an important meeting' for students with conditions in English and >ru„„(]ay. January 26. at 7 :30 in room 282 Speech will be held on Saturday afternoon, ^•’ cnoaWKtN
Jan. 30, at 1 o’clock in Room 201, University
Hall. Removal-of-condition cards should be obtained by Friday preceding the oxamina-
By Siguard G. Peterson
With ads foi' long underwear in the Exponent, Chicago con
sistently walloping Purdue in footb'all, and a ratio of 6.6 to 1, Personnel Office by Saturday noon,
the campus of a quarter century ago was quite different from January 30.
that of today.
’ Winthrop E. Stone was president of the University, which then had an enrollment of 1,604 students. What is now called
Purdue Hall was the men’s dormitory while the coeds (there were 243 altogether)
lived in the Ladies Hall, a twin- (Continued from page 11 toWered, two-story building fly to Biggs who would feed the
ary, will hold an open meeting to- tion from the English office, lOS Univwsity
Hall. —CREEK
of the Union. _ -GOSSWEIN
CE 'll: An examination tor **>0
of conditions and incomplctcs in CE 41 wiu be held in room 126, Heavilon HaU. 1.3G
For Coming Eledion
Game Story
that stood just to the east of missle to either Ehlep, Friend or
the present Home Economics build-
U. S. Steel Corporation of Dela-
warc,| Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.— Interested in men who have majored in accounting, auditing, or statistics. Sign in Personnel Office
by Saturday noon, January 30. P. R. Mallory & Co., Inc., Indian-
apolis, Indiana—Interested in ME, EE, MetE. Sign in Personnel Office
by Wednesday, January 27. Socony-Vacuum Oil Co., Inc., De
AWS is the only organization on campus which boasts of the 100 per cent membership of University coeds and AWS wishes each girl to feel as if she has a part in the
morrow night at 7 p. m. in Agricultural Hall. V. S. Peterson, Agricultural Consultant of the DuPont Company of Wilmington, Delaware, will be the guest speaker for the
evening.
Petei'son will discuss the “Development of New Agricultural Products.” To illustrate his talk, he
Students: Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Men’s Office. --GOLDSMITH
1:3U p. m., oaiuruuy, i vm. ... —-----n to take the examination must be obtamea from the undersigned befbre :
Interfraternity Presidents Council: Members may get their council keys at the Fraternity Affairs Office. —MORGAN
Mechanicals: Meeting Wednesday. JAn-, 27. at 7:0 in room 108 of the M. E. building., 27, at 7 :30 in room 108 of the M. E-J^vi^lnB*
—brink
ME 11, 65, and 66: Make-up examinations Saturday, January 30, at 1 p. m., room ME 301. —AULT
Gold Peppers: There will be a mating Friday, Jan. 20, at 4 p. m. in room 308^_
-MacDON A LD
large activity by becoming an ac- show various commercial prod-
tive member.
SCA Board: Usual meeting Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 56. Committeeo will be formed. —ANTONACCIO
ucts made from farm commodities.
Skull and Crescent Members: Call Bob
Freshman girls are being given fjis speech is designed to bring to Conlcc at SAE fraternity about your tickets
War Council: There will '>« " w Thursday, Jan. 28. at 7 p. m. in the Studimt Union office. There will be voting oh bW. members. It is very importantJha^^y^^
there.
—SLEBPHJR
htig.
In those days hitching posts and watering tanks for horses were as common as no parking signs now are, and the college eds took their gitls out buggy-riding to do their “sparking”. Street cars made a
Menke who would sink the shot at
once or play around with it till some Mich.—Interested in Graduate
chemists (male and female). Sign
the opportunity this week to petition for the position of freshman representatives. Even if a coed is already interested in some other ac-
the public the fact that the farmei is doing his bit to win the war not only by producing food, but also by
to Cotillion, It in important. —CONLEE
will "be held January 26 at 7:30 p. ta. itt room 261 of the Union. ^ —SMllU
one of the three did. These three of the five did all the point making the initial period. Ohio State at infiequent intervals broke through to score, never endangering the Riveter lead but still in there fighting!
Purdue Agriculturist: Everyone on the editorial, bu-siness and circulation ataffs must turn your Agriculturist keys in at
, . Ti. j, 1 • 1 the West Desk of the Union. Pleaae leave producing commodities from which your key with your name atachted to it. day,
tivity, she need not feel that she vital war necessities are manufac- for "turrUng^in"your ^’ey™’ the Union, jus o le ^j^soqueenH
tured. "" -WARD
H. K. N.: The dinner will be held Wednesj ay, Jan. 27, at 6:30 p. m. in room 830 of
in Pei’sonnel Office by Saturday,
January 30.
Wright Field Signal Corps, Dayton Signal Depot, Meteorological Division—Interested in men or wonien who have specialized in
loop, coming up Salisbury to what But Not For Long
is now Stadium and thence to Wal- At the start of the second half physics and electricity. For further dron, where the tracks turned down things took a different outlook for a information, inquire at the Person
the middle of the street between the trees. At State street the cars tumed and went past the campus, down the hill and ovei the levee
again.
When West Side Had a Theatre The West Side had a theatre, “The Strand”, where Gullioii’s Clothing Store now is. The Strand showed mostly Westerns and second rate
pictures and was a handy place for two
pep session crowds to crash the doors—those that could fit in. “Joeing” or “Sweet Shop Lab” as we now know it, was prevelant then, too, although under another name—“fussing”. According to the Debris of 1917, “fussing” was a favorite student pastime and pictures show'ed scenes of action varying from Hap-
short time, the Riveters couldn’t nel Office by Saturday, January 30. click; Ohio State did, and they York Ice Machinery Corporation, rolled in 11 points before the home York, Pa.—Interested in ME, ChE, defense woke up to what was going PSE. Sign in Personnel Office by on. This rally changed the half-time Wednesday, February 3. score of 38-17, Riveters, to 38-28, — Riveters. Then the Boilermaker five The Personnel Office has informagot hep to the jive and a new canto tion concerning scholarships and began with the Black and Gold fellowships at the following insti-
cariying the leather, Biggs s5iiik tutions:
from the pasture, Lawson The James F. Lincoln .-Vrc Weldbagged his only fielder of the con- ing Foundation, Cleveland, Ohiotest, Friend and Ehlers contributed, scholarship for engineering under-
to build the Boilermaker lead uj) to graduates.
48-28.
-And The Finale
White temporarily slowed down the Boilei maker attack long enough to sink one from the charity stripe, Biddle added a field goal for the
py Hollow to more populated places j^iveters and Lawson a foul shot.
sifch as the village and the parlor of Ladies Hall. While looking through the Debris, we found some very intere.sting pictures of how students used to dress about 1917. The eds dressed somewhat as they do now, except for high, stiff collars like Dad used to wear when we were little kids, and also those lather funny, tight-fit-ting pants and high black shoes. With the coeds it was somewhat different. At this particular time, skirts were in the vicinity of the ankles and in lieu of permanents and other sorts of hair dressing, the hair was usually W’orn long and tied in a knot on top or in back. Almost flat, bushel-sized black hats, flowing white blouses and shapeless black coats added to the charm and dignity of Miss Purdue Coed. Student convocations wei e held in Fowler Hall with seniors occupying the center section downstairs, | juniors on the left, sophomoies on the right and the hapless freshmen in whatever seats were left in the balcony. There was considerable class spirit, each class electing its officers, choosing class colors and class hats and having, as well, a class yell. At the opening convo, which somewhat resembled the ones we now have, the seniors would lead off with their class yell, followed by the juniors and sophs, after Which all the upperclassmen would clamor for the freshman yell. The freshmen, of course, did not have any yell as yet, so the upperclassmen would chime in with the usual freshman ribbing—“Twinkle, twinkle, little star, freshmen, Ireshmen, so we
are”.
Freshman Of Generation Past Had you come to the campus as a freshman then, you would have seen a campus very much unlike what it is now. Where the Union nowstands, theie was a nicl large expanse of lawn reaching over to the Libraiy and back to the Civil building. The road by Fowler Hall was one way, under the same double raws of elm.s we now know, while along “hello” walk the eveigieen hedge was tiimmed waist high. John Purdue had Ijeen buried in the oval for a good many yeai^ and there were two groups of eveigreen trees, one at tlie noitl| and one at the .'^outh end of tlie ova'l. Fioin the Ag campus to the Univer.sity Hall and on to Stuart Field and Memonal Gym and new Armory tlieie was a nairow sidewalk flanked by trees and shiubs, mm-t of which are now gone. .Numeious narrow walks connected other parts of the campus. Stuait Field with its giidiion and wooden bleachers wa.s wheie the football games were held. The south goal posts weie located about where the band shell of the Music Hall is. Towai'd the villagi* from .Stuart
Simms scored twice in rapid succession foi Ohio and Bidcjle and Lawson repeated the field goal and foul act of a minute befoie; then three Ohio men, Simms, Miller and Trabitz scooted under hastily to lay in six points to bring the score, 5438, Boilermakers. That spurt was an epitaph to Buckeye scoiing foi the game, MeVey put in a nice one for the home squad, and the usual explosion ceased the activitie.s foi the evening. Boilermakei 56, Buck-
eyes, 38.
The New York School of Social Work, Columbia University, New York—fellowship for foreign students; also work-study fellowship
for graduate students.
Cornell Universitj, Ithaca, New Yolk—leseaich assistantships for men oi women with science degrees. National Sand and Gravel Association Research Foundation, University of Maryland, College Park, Md.—fellowship for seniois, grad-
uates or staff.
Any student or staff member interested 111 details should come to the Personnel Office at once.
is not wanted on AWS for her duties in this organization will not
interfere with other activities. AWS advises girls to come out
foi jobs while freshmen in order to work up to top positions later on. Next Monday, February 1, elections will be held for freshmen representatives and all freshman women interested in petitioning are asked to have the following form signed and given to Martha McCulloch in WRH South or the AWS office by Thursday noon, January 28. “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the office of freshman representative on the AWS Executive Board for
the Spring term of 1943.” Both first and second semester
fVeshmen are eligible to petition, and each form must contain the signatures of twenty-five freshman coeds. Elections will be held on Monday, February 1, in the Great Hall of the Union. Freshmen must
present their passports to vote.
Peterson is not a stranger to induBtrinI Recreation Cla.Bs: PEM 165 many of the students at the Uni- *^9 L'ia •’ p. m. in room 110 of the Ficldhousc. instead versity. He was on the campus in of Monday, January 16. —CLEVETT
December, when he addressed a group of freshmen ag students dur-
Christian Science Organization: ’The reguInr mcHJting' will be held tonight, Jan. Ao,
at 7 :30 in room 307 of the
ing a bi-weekly Agricultural Assembly. He was brought here then in connection with the Indiana Farm Chemurgic Council. He is a graduate of Kansas State University. Ceres has extended an invitation to all students and all faculty members to attend this meeting and see what the farmer is doing to help win the war.
Conditions: Exanjinations for the removal of conditions and incomplctcs in Historj, Economic.>.and Government will he held on Saturday, B’ohruary 6. at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Application must be made at the History office not later than I'-riday, February 5. —ESTEY
Engineer: Staff meeting Tuewlay, Jan. 26, n the office at 4 p. m. —KIMBRELL
Riflcry: Girls must get in three pradticcs this week Tuesday through Thursday. Mow than one practice may be made vp^a.tpBnL
-WILBUR
Lost and Found: All lost and found aiticles in the Senate office not claimed by February 1 w ill be sold. - MOYNHAN
Alpha Phi Omega: Hallelujah ! Keys have [irrived. See Bender, 254W, Cary Hall. --KUCK
M. E.'s and Ac’s: A meeting of the So-’ ciety of Automotive Engineers will be hefn Thursday, Jan. 28, at 7 ;3» p. m. in rooih 207 of the M. E. building. A high specfl photographic study of detonation in a spatK engine will be shown in slow motion. —ZIMNEY ,
Triton Club: No meeting Tuesday, .lanuarv 26. Como to Intramural Swimming Meet at 7:15 p.m. —BROWNE
DuPont To Award Fellowships To Graduate Chems
Aeromodelcrs: An eUction of oTTicurs will be held nt 7:30 p. m. in loom 80, We<lni*sdny, Jan. 27. Following the election, free refreshments will be ser\ed. - SMITH
Classified Ads
Reamer Club: Mectmjj Tuehdav, January 2(). at 7 p. m. in Tower room. BrinK equipment. -BUAY
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, ftdnA, lugrsaKe, typewriters. Albert’s Loan 01{ice» 407 Columbm.
Purdue Railroad Club: Impoitnnt meetinjr on January 27 at 7 p m. in mib-base-ment of the Union. Members wishing to vetam membership call Haase. Prospective members also welcome. --HAASK
Typew rilors—Adding Machines, nil sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mitno* ugiaph work done. C. J. Kbershoff, 60o Mdin, Lafayette. Phono 2770.
Pres. Elliott To Speak At Pittsburgh U. Convo
The .summaiy: PURDUE (56) Biggs, f. Browei, f. Fi iend, f. Biddle, f. Menke, c. MeVey, c. Ehlers, g. . Jones, g. Lawson, g. Wright, g.
FG FT PF TP
Totals
23 10 14
OHIO STATE (38) Miller, f. Shrider, f. White, f. Simms, f. Gecowets, f. Dugger, c. . Feketo, g. Eichwald, g. Trabitz, g.
FG FT PF TP
Placement Notes
For Women
Civil Seiviec has announced that senior students with major study in any field may now become qualified for position-! as Junioi Engineer, paying .?2,000 a year jilus overtime. Women arc paiticularly urged to secure tlie necessary hour.s of required -study for the.se positions. The Commission has extended the field to persons studying drafting in college in any field, such as commercial art and interior decorating to meet Fedeial demands for engi-
neering diaftsmen.
Othei examinations now open are 56 for accounting and auditing assistants, economists, economic analysts, traffic and transportation specialist.s and statisticians. Any woman student interested should inquire at the Placement Service foi Wonien
or phone 2955.
President Edward C. Elliott, at piesent civilian member of the piofcssional and technical training division ot the Wai Manpower Commission, will be guest speaker at the Univoisity of Pittsburgh’s Februaiy Convocation for confeii ing of degrees. Approximately 588 candidates from all the University schools except the School of Medicine v\ill receive degrees. Piesident Elliott jW ill speak Monday, February 1, in Soldieis’ and Sailois’ Memoiial Hall at Pittsbuigh where the convocation will be given. Di. Elliott, piesident of the University since 1922, is well known as the author of many books on education, including “State School Systems”, “City School Supervision”, and “Government of Higher Education”.
Athletic Council
DuPont Company today announced the awaid of twenty-two postgraduate fellowships for research in the field of chemistry for ’he academic year 1943-44. Heads of the V hemistry departments of the colleges and universities to which the grants have been made will make appointments to these tellowships. Each fellowship will be worth 1750. A demand for well trained chemists caused the DuPont Company in 1918 to e.stablish fellow'ships for advanced work in chemistry. Thiough the Fellowship Plan the comiiany sought to cncoiirilge piomising students to follow a career in chemical research. Originally, only men weie considered; but now women arc to be admitted to candidacy on the same basis as men. Fellowships For Research DuPont fellowships differ fiom many industiial fellowships in that ^the selection of the beneficiary and 'the subject of research is loft to the disciction of the university. Theie is no actual oi. implied obligation «s to the future employment of the fellowship holder.
AICHK: Smoker Wednesday nipcht in the South Ballroom of the Union at 7 :.T0. - SANTINI
Lost—Solitary Tillany diamond cnKaffement ilnpr Phone 8430. Liberal reward.
Lost—K and E Vector Slide Rule. Reward., Gall KroenorL at 2561.
Exponent Workers: Tluio will bo a rntdinjr of the following: peopli at 4:1’> )>. m, Friday, Jan 20, in the editorial ofTicc W'lnslow, SpLck, Sommer, Ford Varprai. TYSON
Wanted—StiuUnts mterestid in pcddllntc the Exponent. Call Exponent, 4005. Aek for Krocplin
Pla>shop Ushers; All those interested in u'-hynnK for the next Play'.hop production. “The Eve oi St. Mark”, please call FowU t Hall, 1263, and leave name. Committee meeting: called later -DUKE
Lost—One K E. I.ojr Slide Rule. \ard Call 66781. U E. Truax.
Lout—Gray picc.skin kIovcs Saturday in Chemistry Aiine\ oi Union Cafeteria. Robert Kin^, Dept, of Chemistry.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps!
Squash and Tennis rcstrlnjplnfir. No aWl tcnsion-tifrhtcnmK: equipment used. Dou Dial, phone 83823
ARE YOU READY FOR
COTILLION?
1
PIA Dance Class To Start February 2
. . . aiinouncc.s the election of the following officerh for this .scmo.ster: Pete Jackson, Phi Gamma Delta, of White Plains, N. Y., is the new president; the vice president is C. B. Parrish, Phi Gamma Delta, of Muncio, and Hank Taylor, Sigma Chi, of Lafayette, is the secretary-treas-uier. Idle council is the liaison body
'I'otals
15 8 15 38
Flee throws missed: Biggs (2), Biddle, Menke, Ehlers, Law'son (2), Dugger (2), Fekete (3), Tiabitz
(2), Eichwald (2).
Score at half: Puidue, 38; Ohio
State, 17.
Rcfeiee: Riqip. Umpiie: Adam.s.
lAeS To Feature Film, Talk Tomorrow Night
Fust meetiim of the L4,cS will he lield at 7:.”0 tmioiiow night in loom 108 ol tlie Mechanical Building. The main leatuie of tlie meeting will be a sound movie on “Now Ideas in Airiih ne Design” which will featuie new ilesigns on the helicojjtei, tanaid tail and front, fly me wing and olliers. A talk will lie given by Prof. E. F. Biuhn on ‘‘Y'hat Jobs I shall choose with an aiijihine company. He will exjilain the vaiioiis courses oft'eied by the Uiineisity to fit students for jiositions 111 the vai lous deiiaitnigiit-! ol the aiiiilaiie industiy.
PIA will sponsor an advanced dance das.s, which will begin Tuesday, Febuiaiy 2, in the South Ballroom of the Union. All future meetings of the class w ill be held on Monday nights. Admission fees to the course will be $2.50 foi men and there aie no admission charges for wonien; but these fees must be accompanied by a PIA membeiship card, as only members may enroll in the course. AH sludent.s w ho have taken Pearl Allen’s Elemental y Dance Glass and tliose who have a working kiiowl(‘dge of balhooni dancing will be eligible for the lessons.
for the athletic department and the students and making recommendations foi major and minor letters and it also elects the cheerleaders.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 3rd 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Feb. 4, 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
-NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condition
if broughf to our office.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Check the Folloiving for Cleanliness and Pressing
MEN ' Tails or Tux Topcoat
Gloves Dress Shirt Dress Tie
GIRLS Formal Evening Coat Gloves Evening Bag Shoes
If not in perfect ortler Dial 3085.
Don’t Let the Lack of Well Grooming Mar Your Good Time.
mmm iaundry
132 Northwestern Ave.
Road School
(Continued from page 1) 'fhi.s dvening, at 7:00 p. ni., thcic will he a general session featuiing .sound monies covering tlie mva.sion of Afiica, a news leviow, and a film 1 ecoi d of Hitler’s about face in Rus.sia. Following the nuivies, at 8:00 |i. m, th,e vanous gioujis will discuss topics 1 elated to their fields.
Cotillion
Dr. G. A. Hawkins
(('ontiiuic'd 1 rom page 1) Ghailie Spivak and Jciiy Wald
. . . Piofossor of iMechanical Engineinng at I lie University, has been awarded the Silver Medal bv
Field, the only University huildiiigs have |jla\e(i the last five Haivest visible w'eie the old jiow ei house and IHoon ingageinenU in that older. Michael Golden Shojis. 'J'he lest of Hilled ailists in tlie Inuid include Hie engineeniig campus was just a Wahl himsell with his jive-fillcd big expanse of gias.s. 'I’lie ai'ea daiincl, .Johnny Bond and Berme around the piesent Cary Hall and Piitiii, a ii.iii ol toi i id liuni|)ets; the Fieldhou.se was pait of the .sui- Aiid,\ Akem at the piano, and rounding eountiyside. Puidue was Geoige ling, niastei of tlu' tenoi Hilly a small eow tollege tlieii. ‘■a.x,
tlie .4meiican Society of Mechanical Engineers for Ins inctuie “Smoko” It was enteied in the 7th Annual Salon of Photogiaphy and Gra|)liic Alts sponsored by the ASME. As a liobb.V, Dr. Hawkins has exploieil vanous fields of jHiotogiaphy including motion pictures and inlia-ied jihotography.
THE PERFECT PLACE TO EAT
THE COFFEE SHOP
It’s the ideal place for Sunday night suppers, Not expensic e just GOOD FOOD. You’ll meet all your Friends there. It’s a favorite with EVERYONE.
SANDWICHES OR FULL MEALS
Jhi fiwvdusL Tyimufimi lAmim.
Just take a walk through the building!
<
d'