* *r “ ^1^'A*^ J % ^ . J ^
4 ^ / 1 ^1 \ r '
‘^ “4^' f \.^i ^' ,1^^; ^ p /* J /
*•
/ i
/
, ■"+K' ■>^ ^ h H ^ ^ \i
\
EDITOHIAL: Edycaffoft Vs. Defense: Discussion On Page 2
XfM4e4it
SPORTS:
Riveters Take Pout^ In Cross Country Meet
Volume 53, No. 62
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, November 25,1341
Herring W;;;SpeafcQan„g
Af Defense Convo
Captains To Lead In '42
Hubert C. Herring, lecturer, author and world traveler, will St. Louis Symphony Circus Coming!
speak at 7:30 tonight m the Music Hall on the topic, “Latin \ America, Germany and the United States” for the first in the Orchestra Will Play
series of defense lectures schedule for the current academic
year.
Herring’s latest book, “Good Neighbors,” is one of the most recent publications dealing with relations between the United States and South America. He
is chairman of the Committee for Jlncouragement of Cultural Belations with South America.
Brought Speakers Hi^rring has been lesponsible for bt-ingmg many piomuient Latin American speakers to this countiy He has lectured at many univeisit^ps throughout the nation and is coming here after speaking at the University of Michigan in Ann Aiboi yesteiday Brof. J A Estey, head of the department of histoiy, economics and government, is chan man of the fpCUlty committee in charge of these progiams ref
Concert Choir To Sing At Bedford, Louisville,
Goldschmann Will Lead
Musicians Sunday At 3
Hubert C. Herring
Seymour During Tour
Making their first toui of the season, the University Concert Chou of 34 voices will appeal m thiee conqoj’ts tomorrow and Thuisday at Bedford, Seymoui and Louisville, Ky Topiorrow night they will sing in the Bedford High School auditoi lum under the sponsoiship of the Bedford Kiwgnis Club. Thuisday morning they will sing at the Seymoui High School and at luncheon will be the gueSts of J Ralph Thompson of Seymour, a membei of the University boaid of trustees Undei the auspices of the Men’s Club of St Andrew’s Episcopal Chuich, they will sing at Louisville Thuisday evening. In addition to the legulai piogram by the chon, Diiectoi Albeit P. SteWart has aiianged foi seveial special featuies The specialty numbers will include piano solos by An-
Student Directories
As long as the supply lasts, each graduate and undergraduate student may obtain one copy of the Directory upon presentation of his passport at the Registrar’s office A graduate student may present his schedule card if he has no passport Copies of the Directory aie being distributed from the University Editor’s office to the University offices and to members of the staff not enrolled as graduate students Ralph B Stone, Registrar
St Louis Symphony Orchestra, appearing as the next feature of the Univeisity senes of lectuies and convocations, will perform in the Hall of Music next Sunday afternoon, Nov 30, at 3 p m Conducting the oichestia will be Vladimir Golschmann. The St Louis Symphony Orchestia has performed before American audiences foi 60 yeais and is the second oldest orchcstia in the United States, being pieccdod only by the Philhaimonic Symphony Oi chestra of New Yoik Composed of 87 playeis, the oichestia picscnts moie than 50 concerts each season in St Louis and on extensive tours International Conductoi Vladimir Golschmann, early a piano player and later a violinist, attained an eaily goal in 1919 when he directed a series of orchestral concerts — the Concerts Golschmann. During the World War France sent Golschmann to this country on a concert tour Since then he has been guest conductor in many countries as well as the United States It was on the occasion of his visit to St Louis a guest conductor that he was secured as permanent conductor for that symphony oichcstia One of Golschmann’s achievements was substituting for Aituio Toscanini when the lattei was foicecl into mid-season retue inent because of illness several
Balloting for “The Queen of the Bare Back Riders,’’ in past years known variously as the “Queen of the Brawl” and the “SDX Stuff Girl” will open today on the campus to name the coed queen of the Sigma Delta Chi Riveter’s Rassle, December 12
Theme of this year’s dance will be a circus, with the usual sideshows, menagerie, and anything else that might go in a circus. Costumes will lange all the way fiom tiapeze tights to the inevitable clowns As in past yeais costumes will be left to the disci etion of the wcaicis, pioviding thcie is disciction She’s Gotta Have “Stuff” Only rules for the balloting for the Queen of the Bare Back Riders will be that she must be a coed and she must be a Queen. The definition of “Queen” was given last night by Sigma Delta Chi officials as “being one with beauty personality, and especially ‘stuff’ ” Ballots may be left at the Exponent box at the
Juggler, Dancers, Acrobats, Comedy Teams To Entertain At Beauty Contest
Bronze Plaque Honors Memory Of Ed Welch
yeais ago Doors Open At 2 15 The doors of the Hall of Music will be opened at 2 15 p m to those possessing either student passports 01 season tickets There will be no advance sale for single admission tickets, pi iced at $1 10, which will be available at the door Sunday There arc no leseived seats gws
Bj lay Jackson Three professional entertainment teams, in addition to the music of Bobby Byrne and his orchestra, have been signed for the Debris Beauty Contest Saturday evening at 8 in the Music Hall They are Wilfred Dubois, “Jongleur Distingue—juggler to youse,” Ruthiana and Malcolm, a dance team, and the Parker Brothers, acrobats and com-
Rcccnt initiation and banquet of
gela Castellani, violin numbers by Pi Tau Sigma, nrechamcal engineer Vernop Westburg and aciobatic mg honoiaiy, was the occasion of dancing by Miss Gloiia Specht piesentation of a bronze plaque in Ml and Mrs. Stewart will chap- niemoiiam to Eddie Welch, for 30 erone the party They will make the yeais m chaige of the instiuiiient tup by chartered bus, returning to room in the ME laboratory Prof
Indianapolis Purdue
Herman Wells Speaks To Agricultural Staff About Recent Travels
Club To Honor High
the campus Friday morning, h e
Navy Offers Position In Reserves To All Graduating Students
Lt Com A R Pieper and staff will be- on the campus Thuisday Friday, ahd Saturday of this week to interview all persons interested In becoming Naval Reserve Officers This offer is open to all men. who hive degiees from accredited uiii-
L V Ludy presented the plaque to the Mechanical Engmeeiing School Pi of Solberg is opeaKer Speaker of the evening was Professor H L Solbeig, head of the Mechanical Engmeeiing School, whose subject was “Coiiosion of Alloy Steels at High Teiiipeia
tuies ”
Initiates The following men were initiated at the banquet, which was held in the faculty lounge of the union Seniois W F Stump, W L Clcaiwatei,W A Zech, J M Fanslei,F M Giaf M B Hawkins, J H
School Grid Players
Dr Herman B Wells, president of Indiana University, spoke at a luncheon of the agiicultuial staff yesteiday noon m the south ball room of the Union His address, en titled “South Amenca Today,” told
veiBities and who have completed Parks L W Ruffnei, M D Baugh-
at least two years of mathematics, man, J A Miller, R D Jells, L J
plus one course each m physics and Cullen, A J G^f,^^J S MeCaithy,
chemistry Seniors awaiting giad ^ -.rr
M S Gaiiett, D W Dwyer Juniors J H Aimstiong, E E
Deisei, W G Koeiiiei, W K Burn-
side gws
All Senior Women Please come to the AWS office some afteinoon this week between 4 and 5 30 p m
—SCARFF.
Kelly, ME '25, Talks
uation may also apply Sign With Individual School Applicants should contact then lespective school offices to fill out the requiied blanks and to schedule individual interview appointments The interviews will bo held in loom 116 of the Electiical Engineering
Building.
The pinnaxy puipose of this visit IS to provide bfficeis foi the United States Navy; yet it also helps the giaduates in that the tiaiiimg and
expellence derived can be directly At ASME Meeting applied to woik in industiy alter ^ completion of service wh r ^ mE ’25, superinten-
dent of engineering development for United Airlines, was guest speakci at a meeting of the Amen can Society of Mechanical Engi-
A smokei open to all DeMolay neeis last night m the Mechanical iiicnrbeis on the campus will be Engineering Building held at the Acacia fiateinity house j^jg topic wds “luituie An TiansFnday evening, Nov 28, fioni 7 to polls” and included im^vies of the 9 Douglas DC 4 tianspoit plane He This smokei will afford men ac- is now delivering a senes of talks live in DeMolay work befoie enter-» on air transportation to aero engimg college a chance to meet and neenng classes here exchange yarns with brother De- Upon graduating, Kelly woiked Molays from all over the countiy foi the niatenel division of the Theme of the smokei will be infoi- Aniiy Au Coips befoie going to mality. United Airlines jtk
Featuring Bob Elson, well-known sports announce! for WGN and the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Purdue Association of Indianapolis will hold its annual football banquet Thuisday, Dec 4, honoring the fifteen outstanding Indianapolis high school football playeis and then fathers Dr E C Elliott and other University officials as well as the entiie coaching staff and members of the Boilermaker giidiioii squad will be piesent Elson, who has announced every World Senes game for the past thirteen years as well as all of the All-Star baseball games, will give the highlights of his many experiences in a 45 minute talk The banquet honoung the high school stais is an annual affaii, the playeis aie selected by the spoils writers ol the three Indian apolis newspapers wei
Bretz To Tell History ol Limestone Caverns
Heiinair B Wells
“Life History of Limestone Cav-
Acacia Fraternity Plays Host To DeMolay, Friday
eins” IS the subject ol a talk to be given by Di J Harlan Bietz, under the auspices of Sigma Xi, leseaicti fraternity, in the lecture room ot Stanley Coulter Hall tomorrow evening This lecture |is
free and open to the public
For the last ten years Di Bretz has studied over 100 limestone caves in 16 diffeient states and has uncovered new tacts and developed many new ideas on then formation His talk will be illustrated
with a number of lantern slides
Di Bretz holds his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin al though he has served as a lacultv member at the Universities of
Washington and Chicago
ol his leceiit tup to the Latin American countries Inti oduced by piosuloiit E C Ellitt. Dr Wells prefaced his remarks with a tiibute to the work of the University Dr Elliott and the agiicultijial staff members who had helped him with farm problems He referred especially to Dr Elliott as the “most capable and dynamic college president he had ever known ”
Expo Coeds
Meeting of entire coed editoiial slall today at 1 15 p m in office. —Rose
Combs Voted Most Valuable
Voting For Rassle Queen
In Music Hall Convo Opens Today On Campus
Performer For Past Season
Union west desk oi at the Exponent office Ticket orders for Rassle are now being taken on the campus by SDX pledges and actives, and the actual tickets will be received from the printer and distributed by Thursday Due to distui bailees in foieign countries, a new tax is with us this year that will make the ticket pi ice f2 191/2 Runneis-Up Will Get Honors Last yeai Merle Hagcmcyer, Tex Cramer, and lean Jones were the Rassle “Stuff Queens ” The change of the title this year from “Stuff Queen” to “Queen of the Bare Back Riders” is made in line with the circus theme of this yeai’s Rassle, but indicates no change in the re quiiements foi this high office “The Queen of the Bare Back Riders” will have as her court the two runners up in the voting They will also hayc interesting titles “Queen of the Tight Wiie” and “Qvieeen of Glittering Spangles ”
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor There will be no captain for the 1942 Boilermaker football squad' This was the decision of the members of the 1941 gridiron team at the annual banquet last night m the north ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union, sponsored by the Lafayette Kiwams Club and fully crowded by nearly 400 townspeople and members of Lafayette and West Lafayette CIVIC groups. Individual captains will be named by the coaching staff piecedmg each game and an honorary captain will be chosen by the team at the annual
Bill Combs
Army Aviation Corps Official Will Interview
ROTC Seniors
Eligible
edy pantomime Dubois IS reputed to be a comedy juggler who uses juggling as a means to get laughs from the audience When questioned as to the merits of Ruthiana and Malcolm, Bob Adams, Debtis business manager just smiled and said, “You’ve hfeaid of Sally Rand’” (gulp) The judges who will pick the queens from among the 32 finalists are Byines, himself, and Jeiiy Car Ion, professional phologiaphei from Indianapolis Bobby has judged several Atlantic City beauty contests Gallon does considerable work among students from the various colleges in this part of the countiy in connection with yearbook pic tuies This yeai the Debris is attempting to stieamline the contest Instead of bunging the gals out one by one, they will be brought out in groups with the entertainirient acts and music filling in the intervals Those who have been selected for the final competition are Anna Belle Ball, Joan Baniei, Jeanne Biukoldei, Emily Caster, Bertie Cole, Betty Craig, Janeth Dixon, Marianna Duke, Gloria Fox, Dons Jeane Hamilton, Carolyn Hyman, Cathoiine Kern, Bette Lu Kuidup, Roberta Lewis Maige Libber t. Rose Malcolm, Jo Anne Menefee, Mai gar et Miller, Patty Moffitt, Betty Murphy Maiilyn O’Hara, Charlotte Pine, Virginia Riley, Jane Robinson, Maiy Lou Sandeis, Pat Smith, Mary Jane Snider, Martha Lou Stewart, Zeielda Stuckey Fiances Thompson, Janicc Yeoman, LaVeinc Zeno
banquet one year from now. Right end Bill Combs, of Lowell, leceived the ward of this teammates for being the “Most Valuable Player” for the season. He will now compete with similar choices from the remaining eight Big Ten schools still playing footbfill for the beautiful Chicago Tribune award.
Regular For Two Years
Combs has played two years of legulai end for the Boilermakers, and a good part of his sophomore yeais as an able reserve under Felix Mackiewicz During this pciiod of play he has gamed the admiration of every team who has faced him as being one of the steadiest wingmen in the country. Bill stalled at Lowell befoie comto Purdue, playing there on the same squad with co-captain Tom Melton Melton and Combs have been teammates for seven years of competitive football. Rabbi Meyer H Simon, president of the Kiwanis Club, ably conducted the banquet as toastmaster Following group singing the team was introduced by Coach Mai Elward and the list of major and xpinpr
awards were announced Let The Team Say It
Five membei s of the squad, Cocaptains Miller and Melton, junior Bruce Warren and sophomores Bob Johnson and Bob Hajzyk, gave
Major jSobey of the Ainry An
Corps, Materiel Division Wiight shoit talks'on “What'tirTeam Has Field, Dayton, Ohio, will bo at the gay” Alumni secretary Eth Armory today for the purpose of awarded the Purdue Alum-
interviewing and explaining to
graduating ROTC seniors the op ^^e award being a beautifully en-
poitunities being offered to ROTC p^^^^et watch
giaduates by the Air Coips
President Edward C Elliott gave
Major Robey will interview eli- the final talk of the piogram, with giblc sciiiois in room 102 of the the finals being furnished by the Ainroiy, starting at 9 a nr and will Renfro Valley entertainers
remain until altei 3 o’clock classes Letter Winners
aie dismissed in order to acconrnio- The complete list of major and date those eligible seniors who can minor letter winners is as follows: come only after 4 p in John Andietich, Chicago, III ; Non-ROTC students are not eli- Tony Beito, Clinton, John Browir, gible to apply for commissions in Rushvillc Maiion Carter, Indianthe Army Air Coips but may quali- apolis, Robert Chester, Vincennes; fy through the Aviation Cadet William Combs, Lowell, Walter Training Prog 1 am, applications for Cook, Casper, Wyo , Charles Ehrwhich are being taken at the Ad- hch, Amherst, Ohio, Barry French, jutant’s offnee in the Armory Sioux Falls, S Dak., John Galvin, Students who weie interviewed Chicago, 111 , Robert Hajzyk, South last week by Lt J C Wayne are Bend, Robert Johnson, Gary; Rohlequcstcd to be intciviewed by Keiscv, Indianapolis, Lavein Major Robey also as Lt Wayne King Crown Point, Francis Meadid not have the final woid kini, Chicago, 111, Tom Melton, c r? I.. ki I Lowell, James Miller, Massillon. Former Faculty Member oino, Ewell O’Bryan, Terre Haute; To Head Planning Board John Petty, Pittsburgh, Pa., WilGladwin E Young alumnus and Powers, Chicago, 111 , Italo foinrci faculty membei who is Pekin, 111 , James Rush, Lalegional icpicseiitativc of the Bu t«iyette, William Shimer, Indlana^leau oi Agiiciiltuial Economics Fred Smeiko, Foil Worth, has been chosen the Mid West Tex , Kenneth Smock, Indianapolis; chan man oi a post wai planning 'Vincent Snydei, Massillon, Ohio; committee ioi the Depaitment oi Fonest Spiowl, Oblong, 111 ; WesAgiicultuie by Sccretaiy ot Agii Stevens, Cleveland, Ohio; llercultuic Claude R Wickaid Timpeiman, New Albany! This committee including men J«hn Vecs, South Bend, and Brace iioiir Indiana, Iowa, Illinois, Mich- Warien, Kalamazoo, Mich,
igan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Mis Minors
souii, and Ohio will plan loi the P‘iul Bauiiigaidt, West Lafaywelfaie of agiicultuie aftci the Paul Bohm, South Bend; Wilpi'esent dcitnsc effort is completed (Continued on page 4)
Our Boys Neatly Trick Rivals;
lU Effigy Now In West LafayeUe
Kiltz Speaks At Meeting Of Social Studies Council
Dr E L Butz of the farm management department was chairman of the committee and presided at the meeting Approximately 360 people attended the luncheon which was open to the entire faculty as well as the agricultural staff An announcement was made ot the annual agricultural staff Christmas party which is to be held Saturday, Dec 20, m the Union ballrooms gws
Professor K W Kiltz discussed the subject “Civic Training Through Cooperation with Youth Orzanization” in a panel discussion at the twenty hist annual meeting of the National Council lor the Social Studies in Indianapolis last Fiiday He explained the relation of the “Future Farmers of Amenca” to CIVIC training Members ot the YWCA the Camp Fue Girls and the ministry were piesent dig
By Carol Wattieworth Indiana’s equivalent ot oui burn ing of Miss Indiana, the hanging and burial of John Purdue, had a strange twist this yeai when se\eral IU students helped two University students, Bob Carpenter and Bob Zankl, cut ilown Old John and load him into a cat liRkiv evening about 6 p m Hung Fridar Friday morning a dummy of John Purdue was hung by the neck liom the front of the Indiana Union The dummy was dressed m a sporty brown coat, brown corduroy hat, gieen pants, white shirt, silk neck-
tic, blown oxfouls with an empty bottle ot rum in his pocket He made of stuffed burlap bags, with a white cloth head Fiiday night an empty collin, supposedly containing John Pordoe, was administered death rites by a mock preacher The coffin was thea earned away, preceded and followed by torch bearers John Piudue was entertained royally by the Indiana Pi Phi's Pldday night, and thus was saved mg burred by lU students, jtp. is now resting at the KDR houso on this campus
mmmPurdue Exponent
Tuesday, November 23, iMl
4^mim
K
’"J,
%■
i^ili EdueMmn Lekve feorjK TbiSet^ / iJ^SStidaied Cisilcgiate Press ^•‘Bright spots in a darkening picture that Ijonfroiits American' colleges and universities iiPe pointed out by editorialists of the New recent study of the natiopfV^^datiph, Despite ehrollment decreases caused by defense employment and the. draft, ii^ptptiohs of liigher leai'ning have at least tfiree ximesfas many students as they had:25 | y^^s .ago. 'I^urther the Times envisions a sit-' U^lidh'that may force education “to leaVe its ivory, t^wer and; .'adapt itself naore fully to thd^realities Of our common life.” Here is the Times’analysis: “Enrollipents in American colleges and universities, v-hich rose to new levels as the country began to come out of the depi'ession, are dpivn.again. President Raymond Walters of the University of Cincinnati, whose annual registration figui'es are the last word in this fi^d, reports that out of 573 approved higher ipstitutiiAs in all'parts of the United States, 125. have about the ;same number and only il7 have more. There are many variations withip this general statement. Women’s colleges have lost less than men’s colleges, public .institutions less than those under private control', independent colleges of art and sciences less than the universities. The independent teachers’ colleges have lost most heavily. Schools or colleges of medicine, engineering and applied science have gained.. . '^Some Of the missing .students are in the army. Others are in defense jobs. If World war experience is a guide in the present emergency, many of these will find their way back to college when the crisis is ovei*—if it is over soon enough. The most drastic recession that can be expected this year will still have left us with at least three times the number
ofundergraduates registered in American colleges and universities^ 25 years ^o. “Financially the outlook hot .bright'for ’ institutions dependent i op, endowments tuition, it may not be rhhch'brighterfpr those ; dependent on public appropriations, for the non-defense tax dollar is shrinking. Educationally the situation has its hopeful side. , Higher education, competing for. youth in a^ war market, may be forced to leave its ivory .' tower and adapt itself more fully to the realities of our; common life.”
1-
M.
% 5*^ Cttlumn
Editor’s Note: Our fifth columnist is now in a rejilSicethent center somewhere in the United States..
m
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Well, we’ve , been ih this replacement center for four days now. And as yet we’re not exactly sure wdiat it replaces, We thought it was pilots until yesterday. . Then they issued Us rifles. To those of you who might have seen “Dive Bomber” we want to say that you mustn’t believe everything' that you see in the movies because as yet . . . AVe haven’t been issued gold cigarette cases. Or is that the navy? Read a little piece in the paper the other day. We do get papers, you know. A thin line Of communications being maintained by army truck ... And the United States Postal Service. At any rate this little story said that the army would have no more beans. Now then, ! hate to cast any suspicion upon the veracity of any newspaper information, and maybe we are mistaken ... But they sure look like beans. It has Occurred to us also the similarity between ourselves and the famous Lost‘Battalion of World War I. The striking difference being ... The Lost Battalion knew where they were.—dkh
Union was a democratic organizatibn. ■ ■ . V ■■■■ ■ ' “I question whetherothe sectlet ballot would'be a good thiingiV he satdi. ‘*it might cause ■ more ■sirikes.' District mine leaders might lose control of their members and we would have a lot of
wildcat strikes.”
“I thbuglit ybii said the United Miners was a democratic organization ?” broke in Ramspeck. Kelley dropped the argument.
• In Their Hair
Secretary'Henry Morgehthau is a hardwbi’king, conscientious and well-intentioned public servant. But right now he is very much in the hair of Administration leaders. They hold a list of grievances against him that‘makes them sputter when they think of them and him. His Administration' colleagues fervently wish he would pipe down and stop soiindihg off so disebneertingly. - : ■ One gi'ieVance held against Morgerithau is in regard to the plan to broadeii the social security program to include a number of groups not now covered, such as domestic help, seamen and farm labor, and to increase'old-age pensions. 'The INfisideilt favors this; the Social Security Board, which drafted the plan, is chaffing to get action started on Capitol Hill. But for three weeks a special message to Congress fOr this pur-
Personnel Notes
iHfbus^
Favors Stopping Lewis; Vi^ajnt'Secret Union Vote ■Washington, Nbv. 24,1941— !f John L. Lewis has any illusions on what is in store for him on Capitol Hill, he should have been present when the'House Labor Committee met behind closed doors to consider legislation to p$t an end to stoppages in defense iiidustiies, ■ Composed of congressmen with strong labor leanings, ,this committee long has been the ihiner fueh-
rer’s private rooting section. But pose has been gathering dust on there were few signs of such devo- Roosevelt’s desk because Morgen-
(On Seniors’ Company List) National Carbon Company, Bround Brook, N. J., November 24. Procter & Gamble Co., Ivoj-ydale, Ohio, November 2b, 26 and 27. National Starch Products, Inc., New York City, November 213. ' Monsanto Chemical Company,''St. Louis,, Mb., November 27.' J.‘G.'Heniiey Co;; Lafayette, November 28. Commonwealth Edison, Chicago, III.; December, 1 and 2Chain 'Belt CbiWpany, Milwaukee, •Wis., December 2 and< 3. J. D. Adams Mfg, Company, Indianapolis, December 4. Carnegie-Illihois Steel Corporation.'Chicago, 111., December 4. Dfewey-Almy Chemical Company, Chicago, 111., December 5. Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe, Chicago, 111., December 6. ■ (Not on Seniors’ Company Lists) War Dept., Aircraft Radio Laboratory,'''‘Weight 'Field, Dayton, OJ, NoVeinber 27 and 28. U. S. Navy, November 27, 28 and
29.'■“'■'■, "■
Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the physics department, attended the first meeting of the new National Cooperative Committee oil Science Teaching at the University of Chicago Saturday aftefnOom' ' 'This committee is an outcome of some! extensive work done by Prof. Lark-Horovitz and' his group to change (lie outlook in the teachers' program "by correlating the fields of biology, chemistry, mathematics and physics. Representatives fronn the vUnion of‘Biological Societies, the American Chemical Society, the Mathematical Associafion of America, arid the American Association of Physics Teachers were present at the
meeting Saturday, w.g.h.
J.D.Hatfield , . . agricultural chemist, will go to Chicago this Friday to present a paper before the American Society of Animal Production. R. H. King and Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury will also attend, as will J. H. Hilton of the dairy department. ,
.. Simpson -Smi th
Hello :gang! It’s nice to be back with yousc again, though it wasn’t bad .'basking in the sunshine of the smiles of those beautiful nurses at the Horae Hospital (God bless ’em) and loafing around home. But let’s get on with the business of the moment and see what we can scrape up iri our back files.' • ,'Wktfer Chaffer About the first thing that grabs our attention is Freddy Mai'tin’s follow-Up to the “Piano Concerto.” This masterpiece of modern music bears the title “Symphony Modcimc” and it is just that. You’ll no doubt remember John Garfield in the picture “Four Wives’’ as he sat there at the piano, a cigarette drooping from his mouth, his fingers ■ I'arabling over the keys, and his sintple philosophy rolling from his.lips—.remember? —I thought you wopld and its pretty hard to forget that tune that his fingers pickedmut too, isn’t it? Well this is it--I mrian “Symphony Modei’ne” is that little theme worked out even moi-e elaborately than Jeffery Lynn got around to doing at the end of the picture. This record is really going to go places and I don’t want yoju all to miss out on it. The next thing to catch our eye and our ear. is a slick arrangement of that old tune that we all love, “Beyond the Blue Horizon.” Artie Shaw is the master mind behind this bit of waxing, and it )'eally bears the Shaw trade mark. You’ll find just a bit of each of his old bands on this record — there’s a touch of the “Adios Marquita Linda” tempo mixed ai'ound in it and if-you m^ice carefully maybe you’ll form the same opinion w.e did: that Shaw is A^orking his way ratheislowly back to what made him the light of' dancing America a few years back. If you don’t believe us,
go listenl
• Surface Noise
Watch out,for some 'Victor platters coming put soon by Bob (Sharp-as-a-Rowboat) Hope with .some tunes, from his forthcoming l)ictures. . . . Tedd.y. Powell is going around wise cracking, “I Don’t Want to Set the World on Fire, I Just Want to Burn Up My Library” after a fire lazed the Rustic Cabin and destroyed the band’s instruments and music library valued at ?20,000. . . . The music world is mournin.g the death of; Leon'(Chu) Berry, a member of Cab Calloway’s Okeh crew' and recognized as one of the greatest tenor saxophonists iiwthe country.. . . Les Brown is breaking all marks at ^hicago’s “Blackhaw'k” and it’s easy to see why. .. . ..Raymond Paige has scrapped his old orchestra in favor of a new 4 piece job composed of younguns from 16 to 25 years Old.
•. Summer Hit
We’ve got to admit that this waxing Certainly isn’t of a new piece, but it is definitely the best job done on a favorite of the past summer and early fall. It’s. Meredith 'VVilson’s idea of what Meredith Wilson’s song hit “You and I” should sound like. 'The arrangement is truly beautiful; ohe that you wo'tild expect the Chicago Symphony to use in its next performance. Meredith is at the keyboard lending all to the recording that can be got fi'om a piano. Of all the Veally sweet records released this season this one is bound to appear at the top of your Feeders Association Holds Annual Meeting Several hundred farmers attended the fall meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association here last Friday to inspect the 7b .steel's starting on winter feed trials. Pi-esident Max Markley of Bluffton presided over the program,
which included an inspection of _ — t-tf steers; a report on gains made by £//*, C . . tlllOXt
cattle in test pastures, by G. 0. Mott, University agronomist, and a discussion of Army requirements in beef purchases by Major J. H.
White of Chicago, r.m.f.
SiHdert! Paslofs Will Morning Matin Services student Pastors’'Association has announced that beginriing tomorrow morning a matin service ■(vill be held each Wednesday morning at 7:30 o’clock, until the'Christmas holidays. The Association is sponsoring these services, which will be held in the Univei'sity Presbyterian Church, The devotional services are
open to all students.
■-These services w'ill be only 12 minutes lOng . Each of the four religious foundations \Vill present one of the services during this period. Moses Long, a Chinese student member of the Presbyterian Church, will be in charge of tomor-
row’s'inatin service, a.l.s.
16 Howitzer Squads To Compete Dec. IT Culminating six weeks of intensive training, junior and sophomore ROTC students will compete in the annual How'itzer squad competition in the Armory, December
11.
This competition is the result of many houi's of hard practice at night on the part of the cadets and I'cpresents the only drill on the larger guns given here. Under the command Of junior cadet officers, sixteen squads will participate.: The public has been invited to observe the contest. Bleachers w'ill be erected in the Armory for the
event, p.s.'r
tion the other day.
Member after member condemned Lewis in scathing terms. “Defying the govei'mnent,” “playing into Hitler’s hands,” and “undoing labor’s gains” were some of
the bitter remarks.
One of the most significant things about the e.xplosion was that it was led by one of labor's staunchest supporters in Congress—able, liberal Representative Bob Ramspeck of Georgia. He voiced his vigorous views after. Chairman Mary Norton had explained her bill to revamp the National D c f e n s e Mediation Board into an agency Svith statu-
tory powers.
Mrs. Norton contended that her measure would prevent future strikes in defense industries without .sacrificing any of the rights' won by labor under the New Deal. “In my opinion,” said Ramspeck,
than stuck his oar into the mafter. When announced, 'the plan was fanfared as a further move to extend the benefits of the soeial security system. The pigeon-holed message makes a big point about this. Increased social security taxes were soft-pedalled; the big empha-
sis was oil benefits.
But Morgenthau, without con^ suiting either the White House or the Social Security Board, upset this carefully planned applecart by proclaiming that he favored the plan as an anti-indation measure. Increased taxes would be neces.sary to finance the additional outlays and these new taxes, Morgenthau explained cheerfully, would “mop up” excess funds in the pockets of taxpayers and thus aid in preventing inflation. The unfavorable, reaction to thisoutburst was deafenin.g. The situation became so bad- that the Presi-
arid a nlimber of other iagrincies. Buti agairi,'' withbut cbrisulfirig any brie, ;Morgeri'thau 'leaped: into the fray, with lanother anti-irifla-tidri' staitertient that made a monkey bf the. 'Bridget 1 Biirea u’s cuts. Morgerithau’s latest emarirition was'hrs scheme' tbidBdrict a Ifiiper cent tax from salaries beginiiing January!, thus iriPoffect ’imposing a double income tax. This time the boys bn Capitol HiH had fainting fits. Facing hot election fights next year, the politicos, considered Morgenthau’s propo.sal pure poisbn. "They envisioned hoards of taxpayers rising Up in rage and mowing them down in droves. Furiously, the.,boys dema,iu!ed of Administration leaders that. Morgenthau be silenced once-and for. all. They also served notice that his scheme would pass only “over their dead bodies.” (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
tODAY - WEDNESDAY
i withBOBERT CVMMINCS
your bill^ doemi t an.swer the pur- .,,vas strongly advised to hold pose at all. ^t iniproves the person- message until the uproar had nel 0-1 the Ijqaid and gives it some nml a now .'^t.nrt. cnuld ho
additional, authoi'ity. But it won’t
subsided and a new start could be
'made on the plan,
prevent strikes any more than the ^
present machinery does. This faux'pas, however, appar- ‘ Our problem is to deal witli labor „„ Morgenthau. leaders who put their own interests ^yhilc Administration politicos were ahead of the .defense program. I .^till raging over it, the Secretary of have always been, a loyal friend .and Treasury again opened his mouth supporter of,labor, but the time has in it. .
come when Con.gress must do somethiug:to stop a.man like Lewis. This committee has got to decide whether America is to be run by the .government or by: John L. Lewis.” Rariispeck vigorously advocated that the bill should include a pi'ovision requiring a .secret ballot of all union members befoi'e a strike can' be ordered. “That’s tlie democratic
method,” he held.
The only dissentin.g voice in the nuti-Lewi.s cliorus was Repi'csontative Augustine B. Kelley of Pennsylvania, a close friend, of Lewis. Kelley denied that Lewis was a .“dictator” and contended that his
This time he barged into the Controversy over, slashii.ig non-defense expehditures, one of the hottest issues in Washin.gton. . The Budget Bureau has been (luietiy working on an economy plan under which'around 8 (5{),000,000 would be impounded from the funds of WPA, NY A, CCC,
Dr. A. M. Irion —■DENTIST — 1 19 '/a Northwestern Avc. Rhone 4965
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
with GUY KIBBEE
MARIS WRIXOH ; 0KRGE.y:|ljV5UAN
K.V. Bryan
... of the dairy husbandry department, will accompany his class to Rochester, Freeport, 111., and Monroe, 'Wise., next 'Sunday, Nov. 30 on a four-day cheese inspection
trip.
. . . has accepted invitations to
speak before the University Alumni Club.s of BCiffalo, N. Y. and Day-
ton, Ohio, early next month.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone '56214
Comfort arid Security
Away irtSm Home
HOTEL
FOWLEE
Blue Blazer Tap Room
Walnut Room Cafe
• Air Conditioned
4th and Ferry Sts.
Lafayette
—Also—'WHITE EAGLE/' Serial
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY A CES IW EXILE I ^ A»
of the RAF! KbAbAn JLYMPt BRADNA WILLIAM LUNOICAN lOAN PERR^ REGINALD DENN'if • Directed by LEWIS SEILER
TODAY - Wed.— 2 H ITS
PritJo of all Flatiana ... / POiinUirig hio way into / Iho heorts of millions ' vho clamorod to sco Iilm in the movicsl : . .. kN
w
, ■ 'A'illTHlIll.OONOVi'Nx ‘ ■y tfinXirAlwirtoKo ’ .fpBoW.Trt^NOviD'uiioiriftjH’:.''
Plus
with DARVIEtL BREHD^ ' SHELOOH LEOHMID ROBERT LOVIER'i ftHHTODO
Subscribe To Your Campus .'Dal|y
PtiUidusL £xiamtmL All-American 1940-^41
E^}U)Tfd as sgcorid tlass iriatter at the post office iq Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Copgress qf Mftfri'h 3, 1879» .and at fhe special .rat,e of postage provided for in .section 1103, act of October 3, I9l7, autliorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year apd weekly during the Summer Session.. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
JgdlM'rrin.}jUhicJ: N«w« BdMur. Siivrlo Editur
,Ntd A. Ochiltree, JNfiness Al.innger. ' ' 1 L. Tr^UBOtt MtiiiaKinif Editor
Phil Julm.son
Don ,S. Powers Lcland VV. I(ugn(;r Kulh Itose
Publication Staff 1 Assneiatc Eililors Bitltoriiil, Staff: j. P. Ainus, J. H. Annstr'jiiK, D. liropliy. It, L. Hadley, P. J. Jones, E. G. Kieinr, 'fjport* Staff: 0. T. Clark, J, D. Eraser, J, S. Kteli r. CtaMArifftti Mary K. Boyntoii, Allee Chalfuld, Jane Itanisdell.
Business Staff Coed lliisiiiess Mannecr : Donna Siess; Office Iriaiiftper: Lee JiusKoiif;. lAtaul Aflvcrliuin^ Mana^aTs: K. K. Gjemrc, U. IC. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Hell; Accounts Manager: W. I). Millard. Juniar Coed Manu},''ors: Jean, Fvank.cnbcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Marlin.
. editorial arid Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 1 iditorial After 10 P. M . 5377
Keijrcscntfil fur national advorliHintj by National Advortisli\t: Service. Ine., Coilcj^o Fublisbors Jtoprosontativos, 420 Madison Avo., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Mlirllt IMUvr: ArmilroiiK IwHia KdiWri Piteber
Pay Editor: lioyiiton Sports Editor: Keeler
Reporters: KiniUrcl), Starr. Glaspic, .Sleiibert stein, Siuiie, Wiekurd, Purd, WilDur.
I.K
iK
(F^uGm€iy‘, Nove^^
•t*f''iiv:
me
A>
''iie'; f'J’ .-S'';!; i-sl
KniM&SIgMtb Big Till FoOTOtlll fiWe
By, Bob iKTieger
OpjJe ^ reignj^, s^reriie in Big| Ten focitball ■circies. The p.bi^erful (Golden GopKers reached tbe peak of pigskin glory last Saturday, w^en they crushed Wisconsin’s Bad|;j^ers by a score of ,^41 to 6,. to win their seventh Western ConS^erepce cl^^ihpionsftip, in nine out of the ten yea'rs that l^firnieJ^i^rni^h ;beefi^their icoach. ^h'is was a fittihjg’tril^uie to the coaching'genius of the veteraij Minnesota.meritbr,'who, vfith the passing of Bob 2uppke . from the Illindis ‘pigskin
i^jEast jLansing^; 2|^(Sp;bciM to., the Putdue E|6ponent)^J^red Wilt, Cream and Crimson junior distance rri^n, co^^^d pla^e honoye in;;the ndtibnal cpllegiate cross country meet'here fdday as'he di|pve aprop^,the,finish line 150 y^rds in Tfon’t 'pf .!his nearest opponent. Chalking lip an impressive time of 20 minutes, 32iS seeondS: foi::,the four-niile course, Indiana’s champion hj^rrier displayed a half-mile spurt at, the end of the. race to fipiah- in -fuent of. Ollie Hunter, Notre Dame’s ch.ief entry in .the champipriship meet. Holclerinan DroRs .Back .Wilt land ;Hunter drove hard together during the race, but during tlje clo^ing.mih-iltes Hunter dropped back and i-Wasik^d pressed by. third--1., I......' •, HermondThilUps,'.Boilermaker crofes-ccouintry 'coach, wag elected yice.. hreiident 'iff the Natidhal GoHegiiaite’Crdss Country GdacHes As$dl2'ia4ipn for,4942 by that body dufinlgifts meeting at East tanging, j<iicHi,i.Sandayj F, lb. Tootell of I'Bhoda'Island State College, and fonder -vice president, was named. presidenCv
•, ^
place winneiv.Gharles Robbins, University of; Connecticut harrier, finishing only a 'Scant ten yards behind the; Irishman. Captain Ed Holderman, of the Boilermaker thinly-clads, ranked before the meet as the likely champion, fell short of his cross country goal, placingeighth over the wooded trail. iAlthough hot shariug in the individual honors in the nation meet, Rhode Island State received the lowest nuinber of points, receiving only 83, to top. many other teams, rated higher'.In the country. Penn State drew second low place honors with no points in the meet here.
picture, becomes the dean of 'i^aik^ marked the cohference .coachBig Ten coaches. The mighty in^ d^but pf the Buckeye mentor, Mmnespta juggernaut left mo turned in a‘fine
doubt as to their conference job.
superiority,, as, they scored more ■ , ’ ' ' , nl',. ' _ : , j . ,, j , i.1 ■ Northwestern's purple Wildcats points and yielded dess than any r. , , • - ,, ... ,• -r. . . wound,up in third place by winningother team, while roaring throilgh „ v, - . j , . , . , ,, . . , 4 , ... , four times and losing twice. .Lynn thejr five game schedule without a *1, t, ^ r a j
Waldorf’s fighting eleven surfered . their only set backs at the hands
Wolverines, Buckeyes Tie of . Michigan and Minnesota, The ■ Michigan and Ohio State, finished .Gdphers’; margin of victory, inin a tie for second place, each win- cidehtglly, consisted of only.a single ning three,- losing one,. and tieihg point; .This ,,season marked the,final one. The Wolverines suffered'-thpir appearance of the highly-publicized only setback at the hands of The Bill DeCorrevont in colleglate com-
ehampion Gophers, while; the Buck- 'petitidii. eyes were defeated by Northwest- padgers -Next
erii. As you : undoubtedly recall, ,0- ' ■ ; , . , . ■ , ' n/r- uj I I 1 j J.U Wisconsin s high. scoring eleven Michigan and Ohio State closed the ■ , V ... ct . V . ,, finished fourth, winning three and season, last Saturday when they , . ,, , , mt.- ■t> j ■f ■ , in on •; ' 1 mi • ' ■ losing three contests. The Badgers played a 20-20 deadlock. This cam- , , , • , y-, , ’ •
were dose behind the Gophers in the matter of scoring, but had the
Three Getnes Left ^In Gtj^k Teucihihelf The fraternity, .tod^phball.seas'on. is now nlmost; GOricluded,; -i|iy|tJji^*,ojiiry three; games gemainiilg,.tQ;kd^]pIft>yp^ ■^Ipha: Ch.i lB|ld Hrid - Ka^pa; play today. The winndr of this bat--tle will play the Phi Delts.. The -victor of this scrap ,win idas'h m Sigma Gb.i’s. -The team.wirth'iTig this tussle -will, be the 1941. Frktefhity Champions. The Sigjna, Gk,i ;^eam ,advanced', to the finals by virtue of victories Pyer . Acacia, 'I'beta; Tau, Lai1[ibda|,Ohir.^lr pha andj,-,Sigma Nu. They liave batted ,1.000 s,b far,, -lyinriing all of then’' games. .. 'yesterdaysi’G.ame^Ba^ecl ''pfe.■ ; The 'game scbedulpd; vyestoi'^fty between Alpha Chi Rho and Phi Kappa Psi was called joff. because pf the playing condition of Intramural Field. cup will be presented to the winning team.<and keys will be awarded to each member. Also the fraternity of the winning team,will, receive participation points,, g.ni.p.
: flW^tb .pnly a feyi 'more . ‘days left ubtii the 19,41:production,pf the annual, Aguaca:de,Bdilerraaker -water 'Carhival, Coach Dlpk Papenguth’s 'SSyittiming squad; is rounding into shape to give the spectators an eye-
ful of -water talent. ;
; ; Sponsored by the Dolphin afid .Triton rClubsi, .swimining hpnoraries, .the 1941 Aquacade wiil :be, held Fri-
► >MITOvier ‘Btft The Shouting
'With the Indiana" game a thing of the past and the annual foptl^tl banquet well digested, the 1941 gridiron season draws to a close. The
jjftii.dbd Saturday.nights before,,an decision of the tearn last night to elect game captains instead of p season ekpec.tod nighUy; attohdance of 660 captain draws some corftment. It seems to be a trend of conference.toains' faps, featuring,not, pnly, outstand- lately, and certainly not one without great merits. It makes for team ing,:';GMd apd,; Black. aquatics, but unity,, especially with so many persons from, the same class equally also several prominent women eligible for the job. . ,
Bill Combs is certainly desei-ving of congratulations for his “Most Valuable” award. Teaming with left end dim Rush, who did a’great job of filling the shoes of Dave Rankin, the Boilermakers again presented
one of the choipest wing combinations in the country. ► just A tltt^e Ahout The Game
We can’t very well cloto the football season without a word alpnit the Bucket clash. The most obvious result of the game seenis to be the crowding-of the health ser-yice to doctor colds picked up at the game by student? and players alike. Playing conditions were nearly as bad as they were in the Fordham game a feW weeks past, but at least there was
swimmers from olT-campus. Riviera tCiddies Perform
Riviera Club, of Ind'^haPolis,. will present a kiddies’ wa’ter exhibition, With Sue, Shirley, and Ann Schaffner, sister swimmers, topping the bill. Seven-yearrold Sue Schalfner will swim medley,, while her 12-year-old sister , Shirley will -give a breast-stroke demonstration. Atm
.and the University of Connecticut niisfortune of compiling the worst annexed, third with 114. ' defensiye record'in the entire con-
ference.
Coach Eddie Anderson’s Iowa
Boilermakers Take Fourth Coach Hermon Phillips’ Boiler-
makers stepped into foui-th place eleven wound up the season in fifth after fightingi hard, for positions in The Hawkeyes were victorthe first ten. finishers. The Gold and twice, vvhile giing down to de-
Black team had 120 points, largely four times, defeating fifth place winner, Notre Riveters Tie For Sxith
Dame, which had 122 points. Mich- Boilermakers were tied ig-an State College, host at the meet, Indiana for the sixth position, finished fifteenth with 224 points. ^eam scored just one vicAll runners bi-aved freezing tern- tory, while suffering three setbacks, peratures which existed here in the offhand, iwe’d say it was a mighty
Wolverine city, competing in prob ably one of the coldest champion-
sad season for the Hoosier State. Trailing all others, and finishing
ship meets ever run yet. Further in seventh place, was Zuppke’s Illi-hampei-ing the harriers was a bit- ^eam. When the final gun ing west wind, which blew snow in Dyche Stadium on Sat-
and zero weather across the four-
mile course
That’s Wba4 You 11 Say When You Eat In The Chestnut Room At the Chestnut Room youll find food beyond compare — all your favorite dishes and some grand hew. ones you'li enjoy. The quiet, luxurious atmosphere, the delicious food, and the perfect service will hiake the Chestnut Room your favorite place to eat.
TUsmoijijaL lAmm. The Corner f}f the Campus — ' Yet the Center of Activities
urday, the Illini record showed five losses and no victories. This season mai-ked the coaching swan-song of Bob Zuppke, after twenty-nine years at the Illinois helm. ' A detailed recoi'd of final Western Conference standings for the 1941 campaign follows:
Minnesota ... Michigan .... Ohio State .. Northwesteri Wisconsin Iowa Purdue Indiana Illinois
W. L. T. Pet. Pts. ' .. 5 0 0 1.000 124
.750 00 : .750 101 .607 110 .500 117 .333 53 -250 21 .250 53 .000 13
4 2 0 3 3 0 2 4 0
i Witli the appearance of gridsters “FrostyI’ Sprowl, Bob Chester, and Bob Johnson, Coach Lambert’s hardwood sphere handlers -will begin strenuous nightly drills in preparation for their initial tilt. The fo’st fracas will be against an aggregation of Little Giants from Wabash on December 8, on the Purdue hardwood. Last night’s drill was a five on five offense-defense workout. Going the full length of the floor on this drill, the Lambert lads showed that they had speed and plenty of it. The squad has height and weight and it should prove to be one of the best in the ’41-’42 collegiate campaign. Rough And Ready This year’s squad of rough and ready Riveters has been cut to a final twenty-two. Leader of the crew is Captain Don Blanken. Others that will share the sport’s spothght during the hardwood season are: Adams, Brower, Caress, Conrad,. Chester, Fields, Friend, Hoffman, Johnson, Kiefer,. Krampe, Lawson, Menke, Neutzel, Polk, Sea-boi-g, Riley, Sprowl, Swantz, Tierney, and Wright. Returning Lettermen Returning lettermen from last year’s squad are Captain Blanken, Charley Caress, FoiTest Sprowl, John Tierney, Don Adams, John Conrad, William Neutzel, Cecil Polk, G®oi'8't’ Fields, Howard Hoffman, Tom Kiefer, Fred Krampe, Robert Riley and WaiTCn Seat>o^’8'Eight seniors, six juniors, and eight sophomores make up this year’s squad. s.a.-W.
to the group of visiting- performers.
More Comedy Theme
More copiedy is the keynote of this year’s Aquacade, with comedies starting, finishing, and “interfering” with the water show. “Doc” Eastwood and his canoe , will also
Schaffner, 14-years-old, will race some sod, under foot.
Bob Czerwonky, eight-years-old. What about this man Hillenbrand? There’s no doubt about it, he's a another Riviera swimmer, in a free- tough back. However, it seems to be the opinipn of a majoHty of style race. Five-year-old Coral toe Boilermakers.that the shifty Hoosier halfback is second to WiscohCoehran, who just learned to swim sin’s Pat Harder. 'Eefhaps it.was just because the field was wet.
ia§t summer, will astound the spec- ► The Main Difference
tutors .-with her tank ability. In our opinion. Hillenbrand was the only major difference between the Betty Bemis and Patty Aspinai, two teams. The Hoosiers certainly aren’t the best team we have faced American women’s champs,'will add this year, about in Michigan State’s class.
The Boilermakers were king pins “the first squarter and even held sway at half time. It was the second half when they lost their effectiveness. It looked for a while in the initial period that it might be a walldp
for the Gold and Black. Berto was never better. Smock was playing-steady
and the line was opening nice holes. • . The second half saw the Hoosiers gaining sti-ength and the Riveter attack going on the defensive, with Hillenbrand and some smart quarter-
perform in the Fieldhouse/pool. The backing scoring a hard-earned tally on an unstopable drive. The wmning 'tQj.jyigj* swimming mentor is sup- touchdown was set up by a U yard pass—Hillenbrand to the left endi posed to be able to handle a canoe Hasapes—the first one he has caught this year. with th® skill a “cowboy han- ► hjice Going, ToiTinfiy • dies a horse” and is expected to pull Cb-Captain Tom Melton, although Handicapped, by a series of leg plenty, of tricks at the carnival. injuries, has gained universal acclaim for All-Big; Ten honors. Both the Glee Club Will Sing United Press and the Associated Press give Tonn the nod for the guard 'Added to the Aquacade this year berth, with Miller, Johnson, and Petty gaining honorable mehtion.,.. is Albert. P. Stewart’s Glee Club, ' .‘i.,...
appearing at the water’s edge to accompany the, ballets, under the supervision of Miss Marion Russell, won-ien’s swimming coach. Miss Russell has perfected several colorful men’s and women’s ballet
nui-nbers for the event.
Along with all of the special fea
Initial Workout Held By Boxers
m
Answering- the initial call-out for I boxers by Joe Benna, student box- 8
tures, comedies, and other spepialty ,lng coach, 15 prospective. Boilernumbers will be the hard-contosted their workouts .. races between the'members of the the Fieldhouse sparring rings
Boilermaker swimming team. yesterday afternoon.
Coach , Papenguth asserts that “Almost twice that number are when Dilley, Hubley; Williamson, expected to report before the-end of Heidke, and soine’of the o'thers en- the week,” Benna said. “And, he ter the pool, not only national, but added, “we should have plenty of world'toCords, will be at stake. good material for our eight-man
All seats for the 1941 Aquacade boxing team.”
are reserved and are being sold by Dividing the aspirants into two members of the Dolphin and Triton groups, composed of the beginners
and experienced -fighters, Benna gave a fe-w preliminary instructions at yesterday’s session. The beginners will spar at 3:30 p. m^, ^yith the more experienced coming in the ring at 4:30. Hoping for a more well-rounded team, Benna has asked for more light-weight recruits, mainly in the 120 lb. class, d.e.b.
BASKETBAbI>—TODAY •Court 1—Neutzel .r-r,'
:00 Theta Tau vs.- LambdavGhi Alpha. :15 Phi Delta Theta ^ :00 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Chi. :15 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Phi Epsi-
lon. I
Com*t;2—Olds L'.Ov.
:00 Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa, v 7 :I*5 Sigtna Alpha Epsilon ys. Phi Kappa^. 8:00 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma. ., • ’
8:15 Pi -Kappa Alpha Vs. Alpha ...Tau
Omega: / * . ,' •
, Court 3—Gates : -
7:00 Delta Tau .Delta vs. Alpha'^Chi Rho. 7 :lo Phi Kappa Tau ys. Beta Theta Pi. H :00 Phi Gamma Dalta ys. Triangle; 8:15 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Delta Chi.
Clubs, and at the Fieldhouse ticket
office, d.e.b.
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS WED., NOV. 26, 7:00 P. M. Late Dances to be taught arranged by Mr. Allen and were taught at Convention of National Asosciation
of Dancing Masters.
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
-SQUASH' ;■ Court 1. 2 and 3 :00 Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma-Rho. ■A5 Sigma Alpha,-Mu vs; BetaiTheta Pi. ;30 Acacia vs. Sigma Nu.. " . Field; 9—Belt. Noland W'ard 24 vs. Ward 32. (Chamijionship) FieldAO—Meyer. Captain. ■ Alpha Chi Rho vs. "Phi KapBa .'Psu , _
Everything for a ;; College Education - ^
EDGERTOK HDWE , INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR REI^T Phone 4354 We Deliver
Palriiilize Exponent Advertisers
Five band members were promotions last Friday in .recognition of the sei-vice rendered by them i this semester.^ Brevet, (ktpt, Crim, of Winche^ster, -was promotod to full captain and assistafiCd.ito?" tor of military bands. First Lt,.C.._^. Watson, Indianapolis, band detail officer, was given the rank of brevet captain. First. Lt. .P. .J. /FennV;Ten City, was also promoted to the tonk of brevet captain and suppljr officer.
Two .othei'
recognition are Brevet First Lt-iJR. E. Spranger, of Wauwatose, -lyis,., who ha? been made -first lieutenant and military officer; and J. B. Whyman, chief dinim major from Chillicothe, 0,, who was made brevet first lieutenant, j.tk.
No Crammink Necessary ! For swell flavor and real chewing fun-the answer is delicious Vl^igley’s Spearmint Gum
REMODEL NQWl Pnees Are Rapidly Advancing HENRY POOR LUMBER CO. West Lafayette • Phone 3083r.
jMh
J'-
L<. *,.„■ *2*
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, November 2S, 1941'
B. E. Montgomery • of the entomology department is attending the 33rd annual convention of the Indiana State Bee Keepers’ Association in the State House, Indianapolis, today Dr Montgomery will discuss Indiana honey production data.
Harry Short To Succeed 'The Pittsburgh Kid' Daugherty tn Defense Post
Classified Ads
Tniewntera—Addme Machines all makes *o)a, rented repaired and purchased MimeOtMpb work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main J>f4rcttc Phone 2779 Two Modern Sleepina Rooms rreftr graduate students or instructors Phone S1291 mornings Loot L L D D Slide Rule Name of Tames W Orton on case ’iS reward Call Orton at 8301 Ijoat Log log trig slide rule Reward Thone 6767
Notices
Prof C W Becse, head of the defense training program of the University, has announced that Hariy Shoit, fiom the Muncie office of the defense training pro-, gram, has been appointed district representative in Lafayette Shoit succeeds VonRoy Daughteity, who Will have chaige of government repoits to the U S Office of Educa tion Chailes Grannon, field assistant for the program in Lafayette will take ovei at Loganspoit, Kokomo and Peiu, succeeding W Richard Kiik, who has been tiansferred to the cential office staff
IM Schedule
Coed Bowling Pi Beta Phi vs Chi Omega Kappa Kappa Gamma vs Kappa Alpha Theta Alpha Chi Omega vs Delta Gamma Alpha Xi Delta vs Phi Mu
Billy Conn and Don Douglas in a dramatic scene from the new Republic Pioductioii, “The Pittsburgh Kid,” showing today and Wednesday at the Luna Iheatre
GE ]•» 1 4 p m
Will meet on Thursday Nov 2" VAURIO
Kappa Psi Special raeetiiie of all active members in room 303 of the Union on Thursda> Nov 2" at 7 30 p m -§COTT
BOWIING SHOES lAOIES aad MEIV
CtlFF'S SPORTING GOODS Center ef 5rh and Ferry
NdtiCe Pistol Anv student desiring to Are the Fifth Novice Pistol Group starting NotcMbcr 26 should sign up as soon as
p093ihlc in the Supply Room
Pi T*« Sigma New initiates can obtain keys from me at Triangle Fraternity Kevs are nil my dc‘=k Please check initials
—SHANE
ASME Members There will be two in Bpeciion trips next week to plants in town The first trip will be to the Fairfiehl Man ufactunng Company on Tuesday Nov 25 at 4 P m The second trip will be to the Schwab Safe Co on Nov 26 at 2pm Those interested should sign notices in front of the ME office _tOPINKA Sophomore Mechanical Engineers Brini, a slide rule to the ME 90 lecture next week Thursday Nov 27 —CLARK Alpha Phi Omega Election postponed iin^l I Tuesday Nov 25 at 30 p ro in
of the Union _sjgLEU
CB 22 Students the examination to nmoyc G or I grades in CE 22 will lie g»ycn from 14pm Saturday Nov 29 in Room 301 of the Civil Bldg Those interested please sec me at once —SONESON Tnton Clnb No regular meeting Tucs day, Nov 26 Aquacade practice in Field
house at 7 lo p m instead
—KRAEPELIEN
AsME Debris picture will be taken Thursday Dec 4 at 7 30 p m in the Union hallraom instead of Thursday Nov 2
—UTLEY
Gimlet Actives and Pledges Important meeting Thursday evening Nov 27 at 6 p m at the SPE house Dinner Indiana game pictures via Sammy Voinoff followed
by interesting initiation
Alpha Zeta Pledges Report to Hays or McCarty the number of banquet tickets sold before Wednesday noon Novcmbci 26
—HAYS
Alpha Zeta Actives Please be present it formal inittetion Wednesday November 26 Assemble in room 303 of the Union at i 15 p m —SWAIM Alpha Zeta Pledges Pledge tests vyill be, held Wednesday Nov 26 at 4 p m in Agriculture Hall If time is unsuitable no UtT Hays Formal initiation also on 26th Pledges meet in Agriculturist office at ^ 30 p m. Bring an extra handkerchief and full boxes wear pledge dress —SWAIM WAA Important meeting at 6 p m in the Memorial Gymnasium Tuesday Novem her 26 —PIDGEON Pardne Religions Council Meeting in council office room o8 ol the Union Wed ncstoy Nov 26 at 30 p m —HAMILTON Eta Kappa Nu Actives and pledges rough initiation wijl be held in the EE Building Tuesday Nov 26 at 6 30 p m Formal initiation will be held Thursday Nov 27 at 4 30 p m followed by a banquet at 6 15 p m —SOUTHMAYD Student Senate Meeting Tuesday Nov 2o at 7 30 p m in Senate office Be there —DIBOS Activities Bureau Important meeting of all juniors and seniors Tuesday Nov 2t) at 4. 16 p m —OLSON PIA Skating Party will be held Sat ■urday Nov 29 PIA members sign up in the PIA office before 6pm Thursday 10c registration fee Bus will leave the Union at Tfi p m Saturday —BAIN Newman Club Officers Meeting at o i ra Tuesday Nov 25 in room 302 of the Union —BROCK | GB 35 Removal of Condition Examine tion, Dec 6 Make arrangements for tak ing the examination in room 202 before Friday Dec 6
OWEN
DpMolays Smoker and general get to gather for active and majont\ member PcMoJays at the Acacia fraternity on Fri day evening Nov 28 at 7 p m All Du Molaye on the campus arc invited to att nd —SNYDER PIA Choroa Meeting Tuesday Nov 2o at 7 30 p m in room 307 of the Union —SOPCAK WAA Fencing Practice Tuesday and Fi i day^ Nov 26 and 28 at 4 p m in the woman s gym EMHOFF '*^'**Newman Club Discission vvill he held Tuesday and Wednesda\ Nov ? and ^6 at 30 p m in room 305 of the Union Sub3«*ct a continuance of the topic ^Marriage in the Catholic Church r —RUNNION Christian Science Organization Re)i,ular ificeting will he held Tue^sday Nov 25 at 7 30 p m in room 303 of the Uni n ) —LOCKWOOD j Senior ROTC Students Major Robe\ representing the Army Air Corps Materials Division Wnght Fnld Dayton will be in r^m 102^ Annor> beginning 9am 1 ncs day November 25 All June graduating ROTC seniors who are interested in being ggmmiBSioned in the Air Corps (non rati d I should report to Maj Robty for interview MiSj Bobey will remain in the Armory aftd S pclock elassc's to meet with those ROTC seniors who arc unable to comi dming cluBB hours —GRABAW
0^/ our n
Dr. Lloyd Harris , local pediatrician, will speak tonight at 8 m room 216 of the Physics Bililding on “Psychology of Child Feeding ” The meeting is spohsoied by the Graduate Dames Club and is open to all Graduate Dames, their husbands, and guests Dr. J. Holmes Martin head of the department of poultiy husbandry, will go to Chicago next week end to attend the Midwest Poultry Judging Contest, the meeting of the Society of Animal Production, AGR Council, and the conference for research workers in animal diseases Game Captains (Continued from page 1) Iiam Buffington, Peru, George Burghardt, Wheaton, Ill., Edward Cycenas, Chicago, Ill., Peter DeMaria, Glenside Pa , Charles Devine, Oak Park, Ill., Joseph Eggleston, Oak Park, Ill., Warren Eviston,
Huntington, Merlin Gantz, Indianapolis, Charles Harris, South Bend, Edward Klein, Chicago, Ill., Ernie Leevy, West Lafayette, Alex Leugo, Chicago, Ill., Paul Macqueene, Winnetka, Ill., Forrest Mc-
Caffry, Evansville, Bill Newell, Stafford, Kas ; Frank Ruggieri, South Bend, Nichols Steshko, Bayonne, N J , Raymond Stoelting, Indianapolis, Carl Volkman, Hammond.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOU RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS drug STORES
Out on the range it*s Howdy pm drier, have a Chesterfield'* That's true Western hospitality. For bringing smokers together, giving them exactly what they want, Chesterfield’s RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos IS right at the top. There is more downright pleasure in Chesterfield’s COOL mildness and better taste than in anything else you ever smoked. Make your next pack Chesterfield
518 Main St. DECKER’S Phone 5036
A World Champion Rodeo Rider EDDIE CURTIS
Copyr ght 1941
LkCKTT & MtEKS fOBACCO Co
Mew Lovliness for Your Finest Clothes Crown Cleaning Service used regularly is the modern way to keep fine garments lovely. •li'Ui USE CROWN CLEANim; SERVICE Urown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
I I
THE FUSE IS LIT
THINGS WILL
EXPLODE
ANY MINUTE
WATCH THIS SPACE
(Dmit li^JiiJbL LET US SEND THE PURDUE EXPONENT DAILY TO THE FAMILY ONLY $3.50 .DROP IN THE EXPONENT OFFICE
(K