I , ' f -f a'
Friday the 13th It's the annual Sigma Delta Chi Riveters' Rassle. Tickets at Deac'^s, Southworth's, and Union West Desk.
/Ow/ff Stnctt
Volume 52, No. 78
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December 10, 19^
Jap Official Says Nippon To Aid Axis If US Attacks Declares 'We Will Not Quibble'; Admits Difficulty In Determining Aggressorship By A. T. Steele Cliicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright. 1940, The Chicago Daily News, Inc. Tokyo, Dec. 9.—^In an interview characterized by its amazing frankness, Yosuke Matsnoka, Japan’s foreign minister, told correspondents today that Japan had no intention of hedging in her alliance with the Axis. He declared flatly that if the United States joins in the war against Germany, in the role of “attacker,” Japan will have no choice but to go'to the assistance of her Axis partners, under Article III of the triple alliance. ■“Will Not Quibble” Matsuoka said that in such an eventuality the question of whether America was the attacker would be determined by consultation of the three signatories, but that the final decision would rest on Japan. “We -will not quibble,” he said, admitting, however, that “it is a hard and delicate question to determine an aggressor.” Matsuoka is the messiah of the ‘‘new order” in its holiest form. Peeking out at his listeners through thick-lensed, hom-rimmed glasses, the roundfaced foreign minister spoke with the ardor of a missionary and the utmost candor. Policy “Caear For Once” “The foreign policy of Japan will revolve around the three-power pact, just as our policy once revolved around the Anglo-Japanese alliance,” Matuoka continued. Asked to enumerate the pact’s benefits, he said that “for once the J’apanese policy is made clear—to the nation as well as abroad.” He predicted there would be no conflict “so long as both of us mind our own business,” going on to say that he had not despaired of eventual readjustment of Japanese-American relations. Matsuoka admitted that Adm. Kichisaburo Namura had twice refused' the difficult post of ambassador to Washington before finally accepting it.
From All Fronts
Today's Summary Of War News
Chicago Daily News Foreigrn Service Copinright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ine. • Japanese Warn U. S. With “amazing frankness,” radios A. T. Steele from Tokyo, the Japanese foreign minister told the press today that if the United States joins in the war against Germany “Japan will have no choice but to go to the assistance of her Axis partners.”
• Italian Shakeups Continue Political, as well as military and naval, shakeups are in store for Italy, it was reported in Rome today. Adm. Domenico Cavagnari is out as naval chief of staff and is succeeded by Adm. Arturo Riccardi, 62.
• Windsors Travel With Nazi Discussing the trip to Florida of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor in the yacht of the Swedish industrialist, Alex Wenner-Gren, Helen Kirkpatrick cables that “whatever Wenner-Gren’s activities have been recently ... he was formerly a great friend of Reich Marshal Hermann Goering, and on more than one occasion served as emissary for the Nazi second in command.”
Art Club To Present First 'little Movie' Show This Evening First Little Movie Convo of the semester will be held tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 363 of the Union. The pictiires scheduled for the program are: “The Movies March On,” a March of Time production; “Mickey’s Band Concert,” produced by Walt Disney; “The River,” a picture portraying the story of the exploitation and ruin of the Mississippi river basin, and finally, “Rhapsody In Steel,” a production of the Ford Motor Co. which give an impressionistic picture of activities in the Ford plant. Tickets Now On Sale The series is being given this year for the first time, ahd it is presented Ly the Student Art-club which is sponsored by the Student Union. The three film programs will be presented on a subscription basis, with < Continued on page 4)
Recruiting Stations Accept Applications For Naval Training Citizens of the United States fulfilling certain qualifications may now apply for flight training leading to a U. S. Navy commission at Naval Recruiting Stations, according to a recent announcement by the Lafayette Naval sub-station. Preliminary examinations for this training will be conducted at the local station. Flight training offered consists of preliminary training to determine flying aptitude and, if this training shows the required skill, subsequent intensive training in land and sea planes at one of the principal naval flight training schools. Candidates must be unmarried, between 20 and 27 years old inclusive, and have been a citizen of the United States for a period of at least ten years. Men applying for the training must agree to remain on active duty for four years. j.h.a.
By Joe Belden, Editor, Student Opinion Surveys of America Although still more optimistic about the United States staying out qf war than the general pdblic is, American college students have lost some confidence during the last twelve months that we can avoid the conflict. This is the tenor of national campus opinion today expressed through the cross-sectional samplings of Student Opinion Surveys of America. The Exponent is one of the 150 college newspapers cooperating in conducting' these scientific polls. Defense Program Helps The defense expansion program that this country is now witnessing will be a factor in helping to keep Vis out of the European conflagration, two out of every three collegians beliew. Asked by Surveys" interviewers whether they “felt the enlargement of our army and navy will help to keep us out of war or draw us closer to war,” these were
the answers given, in percentages: Will help to keep us out 67% Will draw us closer 33% Exactly one year ago, in December, 1939, Student Opinion Surveys sampled the college world with this question; “Do you believe that the United States j^an stay out of the present war?” That was shortly after the German invasion of Poland and the beginning of general hostilities. The question has been repeated, and this is the comparison: Believed we can stay out, December, 1939 68% Believed we can stay out, December, 1940 63% Cross-Tabulations Gross-tabulations show that opinion among college men and among co-eds is identical. The answers in the present poll have been further broken down to make possible a study of qualified opinions. Of the 63 per cent who believe the U. S. will not be involved, 7 per cent attached an “if” to their answers# Most of these qualificatibns included the idea ex-
Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo Thrills Capacity Convocation
Group Presents 3 DancesInHall
• London Suffers Heavily Writing of Sunday night’s air raid on London, admittedly the worst in weeks, Robert J. Casey says: “For some time the town seemed blitzed with fire. The air was heavy with wood smoke, wisps of which clung to the surface of the water (the Thames) like steam. This, one supposed, must be what Chicago looked like in the first hours of the big fire.”
• British Hunt Nazi Raider The neutrality zone set up by the 21 American nations has been violated four times in the last week, it was pointed out yesterday, as British warships were reported hot on the trail of a German raider off South America. A German freighter, which had put out from Mexico, was captured by the British off Cuba yesterday.
• Africa Battle Flares The battle on the eastern front has opened again with the first major action since Graziani’s troops seized a 70-mile coastal strip three months ago. The British communique says: “In the Western desert, advanced elements of our forces are now in contact with the enemy on a broad front.”
College Students Lose Faith In Ability To Avoid War: Believe Defense Might Prevent Entrance
pressed by a University of Vermont senior, “Yes, we can stay out if Britain can hold out long enough.” Another opinion prevalent among students was exemplified by the comment made to the Georgia State Teachers College interviewer, “Yes, if the U. S. could get busy and eliminate spies and fifth columnists.” But there were many who feel this nation has already taken too many dangerous steps. “We’re already in it, for we are fighting economicallj^ for England,” said a St. Edward’s (Texas) University sophomore. College youth has better hopes for the international future of the country than does the average American voter. The most recent Gallup poll (November 30) on the subject reveals that although optimism is growing, a majority of 59 per cent still feels the U. S. ■will eventually have to fight. College sentiment has increased in the opposite direction, towards the pessimistic side, but a majority remains firm in the belief war will be avoided.
Of Music Ballet By Ted Novey Something different was shown to sixty-seven hundred students, faculty, and townspeople in the Music Hall last night at the fourth University convocation when the Ballet Russe de Monte Carol presented three ballets, “Serenade,” “La Boutique Fantasque,” and “Capriccio Espagnol” at a performance that had every person in the hall marveling at the amazing grace and skill of the dancers. Combining the ballet perterns with colorful costumes and excellent pantomime the performance was watched untiringly by the audience throughout the two and one quarter hour performance. The background music played by the orchestra under the direction of Franz Allers was by Tschaikowsky, Rossini and RimskyKorsakov and furnished the rhythm which carried through the ballets. “Sonatine” The first ballet, “Sonatine,” was the solemnest of the three. It consisted of three parts, the first a sonatine, consisting mainly of patterns of dance; the second, the waltz presented Nathalie Krassovska and Marc Platoff in a beau(Continued on page 2) Fieser Will Discuss 'Vitamin K' Tomorrow Night At ACS Meeting Dr. Louis F. Fieser, prominent Harvard chemist, ■will speak on the topic “Vitamin K—Activity and Structure,” tomorrow evening at the regular meeting of the local section of the American Chemical Society in Stanley Coulter Hall. The meeting ■will convene at 7:30 o’clock. Vitamin K is the latest addition to the family of vitamins. It is the anti-hemorrhagic factor discovered by Dam and designated as “Vitamin K.” It is finding signicant therapeutic application in the pre-oper-ative treatment of patients suffering from obstruction of the bile duct. Dr. Fieser has conducted numerous investigations on Vitamin K, and has collected noteworthy material on the subject, d.t.b. AlChE Will Show Heat Control Movie Tonight “Heat and Its Control,” a dramatic mo^vie showing unusual aspects regarding the transfer and control of heat, will be presented by Corydon Hall, ME ’20, at an open meeting of the University student branch of the AIChE tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room I39 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Hall is district sales manager for Chicago of the Johns-Man^ville company. He is bringing samples of his company’s insulating materials with him and will also distribute a 48-page booklet entitled “Heut— The Dramatic Story of Man’s AgeOld Struggle to Control Nature’s Most Powerful Force.” The movie was a very costly one to make as much spedal apparatus was needed and should be of interest to students. t.b.n.
MIA SLAVENSKA, one of the outstanding artists in last night's performance of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. Senate Will Continue Supervision Of Tutor, Typist Clearing House Continuing the program as set up last year, the Student Senate will again supervise a bureau for student tutors and typists, according to W. Long, junior senator in charge of the bureau. The tutoring “clearing house” will be strictly a student enterprise under the guidance of the Senate. Only undergraduate and graduate students enrolled in the University may register as tutors. A uniform charge of 60 cents per hour will be set by the bureau. Similarly, the typing service ■will be organized with the Senate acting Us intermediary between the customer and the typist. Set base rates ■will be four cents per double spaced page, eight cents per single spaced page and ten cents per tabulated page. Forms for application to the bureau may be obtained from the Senate office. The deadline for application has been set at 5 p. m. Friday, December 13. A list of the tutors and typists available will be posted in the Senate office pfter December 13. b.n. Tea Datice .. . will be held in the north ballroom of the Union this afternoon from 4 till 5:30 o’clock. It is sponsored by the Union and is open to all students. Passports will be required for admission, h.b.d.
'What A Life' Play Premier Tomorrow Night In Fowler Hall Comedy Features Life In Typical High School The first regular performance of Playshop’s latest production, “What a Life,” will start tomorrow night at 7:30 in Fowler HalL The play will continue through Saturday. The first two nights the curtain will go up at 7:30 and at 8 o’clock for the other two. The well-kno'wn character of Henry Aldrich, played by John Goll, takes the lead part in this story of the loves and “growing pains”.of high school students. Mr. Ferguson, played by John Hobson, and the high school principal, played by Don Salmond, make life quite miserable for Henry, in spite of the fact that he tries to pattern his school life after that of his Phi Beta Kappa father. Henry becomes more and more involved in all sorts of complications, but finally, ■with the help of fate and the luck of a high school boy everything turns out all right. An assemblage of the students of West Lafayette high school will see an advanced showing of the second act of “What a Life” tomorrow morning. < A few reserve tickets are stiU available. b.h. Geneive Husfed Wins Firs! Prize In Annual
/
Literary Club Contest Announcement was made yesterday of the prize ■winners in Scrivener club’s fourth aimual literary contest for students in the English 32 classes. First prize of five dollars has been awarded to Geneive Husted for her essay, “A Child Thinks of God.” The second and third prizes, of three and two dollars, respectively, were won by Ardath Prantner’s--“Demonstration” and Bettee Poole’s “With Love from Susie.” Honorable mention was given the manuscripts submitted by Ellen Searight, Morris Miller, Marcum Schneider^ Franklyn Levin, Dorothy Raifsdale and Carolyn Wood. The judges for this cont^t were Lloyd Alexander, Marion Howard, Arthur McTaggart, Charles Wald-/ hauer, Florence Justin, all of the Scrivener editorial board, and Chester Reigle, president of Scrivener club. The three prize-winning papers will be published in a forthcoming issue of Serivmier. b.h.
Colorful Exhibit In Union Demonstrate Various Phases Of NYA Work Training
By Pat Stenberg All phases of the National Youth Administration program are bring depicted in the NYA ei^hibition on display in room 257 of the Union, This display will be in place for a week or longer. It is of particular interest here because of the fact that more than 800 young persons each semester have found NYA employment at the University and there are quite a number on NYA work in local high schools in addition to nearly 100 out-of-school young people on NYA in Lafayette and vicinity.
The exhibit consists of two panels which are joined by an iHumlnated cylinder. Two life-sized cutout pictures of young prisons fianik the panels. One panel shoure. % group of boys and girls in a jriMnmting line and turned down because of lack of trrisung. The other panel shows the same group after they had obtained some practical wrperience through NYA fscilitiirik wW blue, salm<m and chartreuse are colors of the display. The richibit ■was built by NYA woikrira in the workshop in Indianapolfet-‘!
(fhtpi 2 •jMxtuJuiA
Tuesdciyt December 10, 1940
fiMdusL £xfumanL
•1^
, t
'/4j
The ^th Colmnii
Backing up military strategists’ statements that it’s going to be a lean winter in Europe, we heard a statement from Herr Hitler himself yesterday. It is purported to have been said that it was rumored around an agency ordinarily considered reliable. That Adolf is supposed to have said to Benito. Quote. “I hope I don’t run out of oil as quickly as you ran out of Greece.”
Unquote.
Mussolini is having his troubles again. His generals don’t last as long as a Russian count with a GPU firing squad on the loose. To date he has lost five. Three quit. And when the next two found out they were it. They died of sho<^.
Now Hitler is worried about it. Not that he cares a hoot about Italian generals. But II Duce is threatening to go himself.
We can picture him, jaw set, puffing along at the head of a column, hairy chest exposed to the sun, leading the Italian people— In a mass exodus of the land of Italy.
From Carroll Binder’s column on the foreign mess in Sunday’s Exponent we see that a guy by the name of Smith has decided it was time somebody did something about this war. As a result he has figured out a scheme to help Adolf finish it up quick, and has scuttled off to Europe to get his bets down. He’s got the money to do it, too. The only trouble is that money doesn’t seem to stop wars. That’s the stuff that keeps them going.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered M eecond elnstt matter at the poat office in Lafayette. Indkuna, nnder the act of ConKMee Of Match'S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised January 20, 1022. Published daifir except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Sescion. Deliyered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Edltar-in-Chief B. W. Donahue Business Mapagsr — Merle Hagemsyer Publication Staff News Editor —..—— J. H. McKee Managing Editor ...... ^ E. Heiple
Associate Editors s W. IL Heaton, N. A. Ocbiltree, J. A. Puiteli, L. W. Ruttner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trangott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S, Powers, 6. C. Landers; Promotion Manager. C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager. R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager. R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor - Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor _ .„ ...J, P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 ^ Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York. N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Trangott Issue Editor: Armstrong
Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Editor: Johnson
Staff: B. Haskins, R. Van Deusen, E. McCullough, T. Novey, J. Armstrong, D Brophy, S. Peterson, H. Davis, L. Brewer, B. Young, P. Stenberg, A. Chatfield.
Besides this one is getting up momentum, and by the time he gets through the preliminary red tape no one will know whom to see to stop it.
Wars are sorta like gabby women . . . Easier to turn on than off.—dkh
Jimsdif^ JoUl
Tonight We Are At Home
. .. Studying for tomorrow’s tests. Most of the student body tonight is attending the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo in the Hall of Music. We should like to have seen it also. But whether it be biology, heat, government, or CE tests that we may take, we must'study. Last year there was talk on the campus (we do not know how well founded it was) that there would someday be no tests the day following all University convocations. This sounds like the right idea. Next week people in Chicago will pay $3.50 to see the same troupe that is on the campus tonight. It must have been worth seeing.
Hitler And The U. S.
In the Friday evening issue of the Chicago Daily News there appeared an exclusive story on the text of an address delivered by Dr. Walter Darre, Reich Minister of Food and Agriculture, sometime last May, presumably before the fall of France. The address is reputed to contain Hitler’s aims in the United States. Usually such stories would be branded as propaganda and regarded as such but the story was released jointly by the Daily News and Life magazine, two publications whose journalistic ethics are above reproach. Hence the story merits the -thoughtful consideration of everyone who truly believes himself to be an American. After berating the United States as a “pseudo-democratic republic” he says that Germany should have no fear of this “demoralized country” because “we (Germany) have many of our compatriots and even more friends among the citizens of the United States who are favorably disposed toward us.” He goes on, “Many of the latter hold the most important positions in political and economic life and will not permit public opinion to allow something so senseless and insane as war against Germany ...” Worth thinking about. Believing that the Germans have an account to settle from the last war he says, “In this war, not to mention the last war, the United States holds all the gold of Europe, which was and undisputably is our property, Germany being the successor state of subjugated nations. The gold alone is of practically no value to us, but the insulting fact that something which God intended for us, which we were robbed of and which is intentionally withheld from us must not remain unpunished.” He completes the threat by adding that the United States “will be forced to complete capitulation” by the selling of German products at very low prices to the whole world, thus causing the United States to have more unemployed. He even visualizes the President begging Germany to purchase raw materials from the United States at Germany’s prices. Then in one final blast he clearly outlines the threat to America. “The United States is at present so corrupted that, like France and England, it need not be taken as a military adversary. We have in the United States a police organization operating with the same exactitude as in Berlin or Prague, and we have no fear of any activities on the part of the United States. We know that social conditions are worse in the United States than in England, where over 85 per cent of property is in the hands of upstarts and where innumerable people are deprived of even the lowest standard of living. The only purpose of our offensive against the United States is forever to get rid of another bulwark of plutocracy, to regain what belongs to us, to establish order, to proportionately distribute property and to teach America to respect Germany.” As we stated at the beginning of this article, we cannot vouch for the veracity of this story, but we do believe that it’s worth thinking about.
Hair Cut 35c Shave 20c 117 N. Second St. Open Salurday Untill 9 p. m.
■—TODAY -TOMORROWTWO FIRST RUN HITS!
Grand Fun In a Snappy Story of Love In a Hurry! GINGER ROGERS RONALD COLMAN — IN — LUCKY PARTNERS ^ PLUS
Terror In TourhiCtunpl^
■I8to SnM* WWlM Ha* • Bill sum • Plekliiiai • RKO KANO llcfvro
Letter To The Editor
Another good resolution went the way of all resolutions last week end, Eappa Margie Hans was so much in love at the beginning of the year with a boy in Notre Dame that she said she wasn’t going to date all year.
Well, she kept her resolution until just lately when Jim Miller put the bee on her. Guess she just couldn’t resist the charm of the big football player. Merger We had another merger over the week-end, too. Sigma Chi Jim Conners outbid Tom Henderson of the DUs and put his pin on pretty LaVerne Muir, Kappa pledge. (Hey, I thought Kappa pledges couldn’t take pins.) This was quite a shock to Henderson, we imagine, because he’s been going with her for quite a while. All this happened m Indianapolis over the week-end, we hear. Believe it or not, people, we have at least one faithful woman on this campus. Her name is Jane Ostrander. The other day, she came to the tea dance with the kid brother and danced almpst every dance with him and refused everyone else— that is until Jimmie Glatz came along. Can’t blame her for wanting to dance with him, though. That boy can really trip the light fantastic. Incidentally, “The Duchess” went all the way to Indianapolis on Sunday just to spend two hours with her Eli Yeager.
December 7,1940. Editor, Purdue Exponent, Dear Sir: You may talk about the horrors'' of war if you like, but the horrors of the battlefield are insignificant compared to the devastation that has been visited on me by the college journalists. Whatever else may be said of the university men, I have found that several of them are alive. Any editor is supposed to be as gratefu]..and happy about the brickbats he receives as the boquets, but I must admit that I have been wounded painfully and left on the field, the first casualty of the war that has not even begun. And not only have the editors and other university men sprung to their own ’defense, but many of the townspeople here have taken up the cudgels in their behalf. Only one university man, and he is a graduate student, thought the editorial, “College Men and the War” was accurate and timely. He called it “an understatement” and I am assured that he has been giving the subject some careful study. Since the vote on the editorial, eliminating verbal replies, is an almost unanimous “No,” perhaps I should slink away and try to forget that I ever mentioned the subject. I cannot do that. With the exception of some calculated and obvious exaggeration, I know that the editorial was true and was exactly the kind of telling off the student organizations have been begging for. Before I concede anything, I would like to recite a few facts (not opinions) upon which my original arguments were based: (1) The Exponent, itself, gives out the news that a recent poll of 150 campuses reveals that only one in four college students would volunteer in the event we are involved in war. (Would any campus editor like to brag up that percentage?) (2) Of the respectable press of the country, the campus papers have been the most decidedly and persistently isolationist and still are, contributing little encouragement to those who are standing off the combination which hopes to make a hideous mockery of democracy and decency among men and nations. (3) The campus demonstrations and rallies of recent months have been staged by those who (a) opposed lifting the arms embargo, (b) opposed conscription, (c) oppose further aid to Britain. (These students may be merely the noisy minority, as some argue, but where then are the others and why are they so silent and ineffectual?) (4) Nearly all the eminent authorities who have written on the subject of the undergraduate’s attitude contend that there is a problem, a real and present one, in this “Don’t Disturb” majority on the campus. I leave you to kick around these items in any way you like. But I would prefer that your terrible, swift wrath be directed toward a more formidable opponent than my humble and unworthy self. Let us say Herr Doktor Goebbels. Allen Bailey.
Nominertsd the moit beautiful pack* age of 1940. Seaforth toiletries, strict- ^ foe men. Is a gift he'll use after othen hove been forgotten. Vodked in eparUiiig stone ooatoiners. Old ScolCb Sbaviag Mug... .$1.00 Sharing Lotion 1.00 Men's Tote 1.00 Men's Cologne 1.00 Men's Soap 1.00 Men's Deodorant 1.00 Beautiful SMs $2.00 to 6.00 cfoobA. Toiletries Street Floor
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lielity
“Got any crutches, Buddy?”
(Continued from page 1)
Ballel^ Russe
tiful ballet waltz. They seemed to float through the air. The third, adagio, called forth two girls and a boy in a tragic pantomime, the boy, fickle, is lured from his love by one girl after another. The kisses and tragicness of the girl’s figure were excellently portrayed in the ballet. La Boutique Pantasque, the second part of the program was by far the most colorful and humorous of all True to its name it presented a fantastic toyshop where dolls danced for the humorous tourist customers. Tarantella, picture card, Cossack, poodle and cancan dancers each contributed to the gaiety and color of the occasion. When the tourists buy the Tarantella dancers, who are lovers, and are going to separate them, the dolls all come to their assistance
and chase the tourists away. The final ballet was Capriccio Hspagnol, portraying the life at the fair in Old Castile. The high spirited dances of the gypsies ignites the peasants and the dance becomes general and the whole fair swihgs into it. Outstanding among this series of dances was the Gypsy scene and song. The perfect rhythm of Mia Slavenska and Frederic Franklin here produced one of the high spots of the performance as they danced.
Tau Kappa Epsilon
. . . announces the initiation of the following members: John Gaylord West, Flossmore, 111.; Kenneth Cramer Metzger, West Lafayette; James Summers Love, Findlay, 0.; Harold Elmer Cook, Chicago, 111.
TODAY -X^EDNESDAY
A 1 y
B 7 1 ■ W
JACK OAKIE
JOHN PAYNE
TODAY -WEDNESDAY
.. Coward iproto itt Ziegioid •tagod it on Broadayt Nowth* raatast aoxean Mph of y oux Singt Swaathaartat
MifeDONALD NELSON EDDY
mcl COWAMTS
PHOTOGRAPHED IN| TECHNICOLOR wlth| iv. ''11 George Ian .;T\SANDERS . HUNTERS I Felix BRESSART
LUMA
Today-Wed.—2 HITS
ulllr
-^Sr~
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
I f4SSiMtU BOB UVIN6STON ~WMOND HATTON JNCAN RENALDO
AND
— WITH — BABY SANDY MISCHA AUER — ALSO—
%
if
I#'
mSi ^ a-tvj; 4. -^n iU ^ ^r'^ •f' • tf^ '^-^v»4-f-*’W?*l'jia. JjjSjjTi/i * , t'' ’ > rf «'■>
'«
u
fijukAm. £xfidmnt
tiidiidc^4 Decembtff 10# 1940
fiagt 3 “S/^of^U
%'t'
It'
A
Wrestling Schedule is Released By Coach Reeck As Team Prepares For Chicago Trip Last night's wrestling practice in the wrestling room of the Meldhouse v^as the beginning of the last week of practice before the first encounter of the team which is to be in Chicago, December 13 and 14.
First Meet Of Year Coaeh Reeck laid special emphasis to wrestling fundamentals such as wrist locks, blocks for wristlocks and various other holds, as he supervised matches between members of the team in order to pick the matmen who will make the trip to the AAU meet in Chicago. This is the first encounter of the year and it sl^ld provide an excellent opportunity for Coach Reeck to see his men in real competition. Tryout Tryouts are to be run until either tomorrow or Thursday. The names of the men who are to make the
trip will be announced at that time. Following is a list of matches which are to be held this season: Feb. 3—^Illinois Normal, there. Feb. 6—Fidley, there. Feb. 7—Ohio State, there. Feb. 12—Coimell College, here. Feb. 16—Northwestern, here. Feb. 22—Northwestern, there. Feb. 24—Illinois, there. ^ Feb. 26—Indiana. Mar. 1—^Wisconsin, here. Mar. 7-8—Conference at Ohio State. Mar. 21-22—National Collegiate at Bethlehem, Pa. w.h.h.
An Irishmans lllusinns
m ALWAYS NEAT • ALWAYS SMOOTH • WITHOUT STARCHfi
The Trubenized* Collar never needs starch, yet it can’t wilt, wrinkle or pucker-up — and retains its laundry-fresh crispness as long as it’s worn* Essley.was first to develop the porous fused collar, and you’ll find it at its peak of perfection on Essley Shirts.
Men's Furnishing
Street Floor
By Joseph Potrick Dolan Chicago’s surprising Bears did all in their power to ruin the game of pro football yesterday when they defeated Washington’s Redskins, 73-0. It sounds like crying because a good western eleven drubbed a team that was the best the east h^d to offer, but if you think people are going to pay fabulous prices to see hog-rassle instead of professional expositions, I donno. —I-I— We’ve heard quite a few comments about the poor showing of Purdue’s 1940-41 hardwood edition. Pans shouldn’t worry about the Boilermakers’ showing against the "warm-up” teams, because Piggy Lambert is searching for a combination, not a score. The late Noble Kizer told that the primary requisite for a successful team is finding a COMBINATION. Sometimes tilts are lost in trying to find this combination. —I-I— Our basketball team has a couple of kids who can make or break Purdue’s scoring chances. When they flash good performances, it has the brilliance of northern lights; but when they relax and endeavor to float on their previous minute’s spark, they are left in dust that is little short of embarrassing — to them. —I-I— Have patience with Lambert, fellows, his patience and generalship will bring more to the surface than he really has to work with. Piggy never gets the cream of the crop, but he's got the lion's share of the togas. • Ward Swimming Meet Thursday afternoon at 4:10 p. m. the annual ward swimming meet will be held in the Fieldhouse pool. Each entrant is eligible to' enter three of the eight events scheduled. The events will be run in the following order, at 10 minute intervals: medley race, 60 yard freestyle, 220 yard freestyle, 60 yard freestyle (finals), diving, 100 yard backstroke, 100 yard freestyle, 100 yard breaststroke, 200 yard relay.
Lambert Grooms Squad for Third Tilt Against Strong Wayne Quintet
Facing a stiff challenge in thejlr quest for their third consecutive win of the young season, the Riveters tackle a surprisingly strong Wayne University quintet in the Fieldhouse tomorrow night. The Tartars, as this team from Detroit is called, are a veteran combination, boasting four of last yeaFis starting five which astounded cage fans with an “upset" win over Oregon,
the national collegiate champion.
Played Nation’s Best
Meet the Team
Presenting...
Forest Weber
Forest “Jake”\^eber, towering center on the Riveter squad, is this year rounding off an athletic career equaled in length and variety by but few other Hoosiers. Standing 6 ft. 6 inches now and weighing 230 pounds, he entered Plainfield High School an inch shorter, 186 pounds in weight and ready and willing to try out for anything athletic. As a high school student, he had four years each of track, basketball, baseball and football and was the first man ever to compete on the basketball floor four yCars in a row in the Anderson Regional. On top of all these achievements, this versatile Weber boy made all-state end in football, and then all-state center in basketball. Here as the University in his freshman year they gave Jake numerals in football, basketball and track. Later this P. E. school senior won two major letters in track and another pair, of coufse, in his most liked sport, basketball.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional 1
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V& Northwestern Ava. Phone 4965
CHRISTMAS CARDSi Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
• Hardware
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQU^E
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
\ R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If Jt's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Tailor
SparrendAhl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bkfg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 snd up
In addition, the Motor City five chalked up a win over Iowa and lost to other top-flight clubs by margins of three points or less, among them Washington State. Playing some of the nation’s best clubs, their record showed nine won and eight lost. In their two starts thus far this season the Tartars have shown a high-powered offense and Coach Ward Lambert last night reminded his charges that they will face a very good club tomorrow night. Need Height Lambert is still perturbed about the Riveters’ lack of height and attendant lack of rebound control. As was the case last year, he is striving to make up the deficiency by stressing speed, clean ball-handling, accurate sharp passing and, of course, accuracy from the field. Last night Lambert insisted that headwork was a vital factor and that each player must make quick decisions and be alert at all times. Speed Vs. Height Experimenting a little to test rebound control against speed, the Riveter mentor sent a speedy five composed of Sprowl, Blanket, Tierney, Captain Igney and Blemker against a taller group, Weber, Nuetzel, Erampe, Caress und Riley. Igney and Tierney were sniping with deadly accuracy from the foul circle during the opening session, with Sprowl also knifing in repeatedly from close range. Defense, Too Nuetzel peppered the hoop with good results for the “giant” squad, while Krampe scored some nifty rebounds. On defense, Tierney, Sprowl, Blemker and Weber were outstanding. Prior to the scrimmage, the squad worked for some time on fundamentals as Lambert sought to iron out the wrinkles in his “fast break” attack. Special attention was given to passing, the backbone of the attack. Okay So Par ^ Coach Lambert indicated that he was fairly well satisfied with the team’s performance in the games of the past week-end. While admitting that mistakes were made, he added that he expected mistakes ^ in early season games due to insufficient practice on certain points. He believes that the sophomores will soon orient themselves to the college game and that their nervousness will disappear. He termed this nervousness “a natural condition.” Heavy Week Ahead Next week the Riveters face a heavjy schedule with a tilt here Tuesday night with Lambert’s alma mater, Wabash, and games Friday and Saturday with DePaul and Loyola in Chicago, e.c.y. Mai Elward . . . Boilermaker football mentor, continued his annual trek of banquet appearances last night as he spoke at. Huntington high school. Tonight he will talk at Terre Haute and Thursday will travel to Chicago for the Fenwick high school banquet.
Fifteen Swimmeis Prepare For Annual Jaunt To Southland On December 19, Coach Dick Papenguth will accompany his wim- " ming charges, 15 strong, to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, where the annual Training Forum will be held in Mimicipal Pool. Over 400 athletes representing the East and the West will attend the forum, and will participate in the swimming carnival that will bring the activities to a close on January 1. Inaugurates Decathlon The 15 men who have earned a place on the team that wiU travel to Florida are as follows: Anderson, Branner, Carney, Frank, Herr, Horn, McCay, Ker, Shaw, Siler, Stanley, 'Tingley, Williamson and as alternates, Harvey and Soderling. r.w.d. Collegiate Writers Name Dave Rankin On All-Star Squad Dave Rankin again was honored when he was named on the seventh annual collegiate sports writers All-American Football Team yesterday. The team is chosen in a roll conducted by 80 sports writers representing colleges and universities in 37 states and the District of Columbia. The announcement was made by Bob Eimkel, executive secretary of the National Intercollegiate Sports Writers’ Association. Other members of the team selected were: Drahos, Cornell, left tackle; Sufferidge, Tennessee, left guard; Mucha, Washington, center; Molinski, Tennessee, right guard; Enich, Iowa, right tackle; Goodreault, Boston College, right end; Harmon of Michigan, Franck of Minnesota, Reagan of Pennsylvania,' and Kimbrough, Texas A. & M., backs.
Intramural Sports
T(>e following teams will bowl tonight. Games will be forfeited if teams fail to report by 7 p. m. Wood Hall HI vs. North Hall H. Phi Mu vs. Wards I, H, IH. Nprth Hall V vs. South Hall H. South Hall II vs. Collegians. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Delta Gamma. North Hall IV vs. North Hall IH.
BASKETBALL.—TODAY Court I—Jim Mann Sigma Pi vs. Phi ICappa. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Sho. Phi Kapi>a Sigma vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Court 2—Rechenbaoh Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Theta Chi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Chi vs. Delta IJpsiIon. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 3—Jim Shaw Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 1 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Aeacia. i Theta Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Triangle vs. Sigma Nu. Court 4—H. Schwarts Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Ki. Lambda CIS Alpha vs. Eiappa atgma.
7:00 7:16 8:00
7:15 8:00 8:15
7:16 8:00 8:16'' 8:00 8:16
• For Your Xmas Shopping • Cotysets • Palmolive shave sets ^ Famous caudics . . • Martha Washingtra, SehralFts Free Parking in Rear Pne tkUaarp VIHVERSITy lut STtlE Next to Post Offlee N.J.Arth,’37 IKN*Srana«ii»’S7f-v:
i,''
•< ;•
H,. ' u.
.A\
Tuesday# December 10. 1940
i fijuAduiL £3cfa>mhL
I
s{ '
J
Frenchmen Expect Peace Drive From
Team Debates
WithOhioState
Bacteridogists Elect Hartsell President
(Continued front page 1)
Art Club To Present
U.S. Business Men
Believe Wall Street Men On Government Mission
By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright. 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium, the University’s affirmative debate team will nieet Ohio State’s Negative team in the last Big Ten debate of this semester. The question will be the usual “Resolved: Should the
Vichy, Dec. 9.—U noccupied Prance is speculating on the possibility that peace will result from the activities of Ben Smith, wellknown Wall Street speculator, and from other stop-the-war moves now understood to be under way. Rightly or wrongly, Frenchmen do not quite realize that what is desired by people like Wall Street promoters or businessmen of the Ben Smith and Charles Bedeaux type, is not necessarily the sentiment of the American government and public opinion, and that their missions may be of a totally different nature from what they are believed to be here. Of late Frenchmen have had other reasons to suppose that peace, through combined Franco-Ameri-can mediation, is not altogether an impossibility. Two mysterious German emissaries, of whom nothing is known—^not even their names— were rumored to have left Germany a week ago for America, presumably on a pilgrimage of peace. Another inveterate appeaser is expected here this week in the person of Charles Bedeaux, who was recently assigned by French Foreign Minister Pierre Laval to the task of increasing coal production in French Morocco. Bedeaux’ relations with Laval are no secret, nor is his friendship with the Duke of Windsor, now governor of the Bahamas, who is “unbellicose” and pro-appeasement. French circles have been impressed lately by the fact that the Germans have apparently made no effort to help their Italian allies. This leaves people here wondering if the Germans are specially desirous that Italy should mark up a success.
Power of the Federal Government Be Increased?” Robert DesJarlais will act as chairman while plankmen William Swager and Seymour Udell argue for the University. A new and more interesting style of debating will be used in tonight’s meeting. This different style is the congressional form of debate in which questions are allowed during the constructive and rebuttal speeches. The public is invited to attend this debate, e.w.m.
Dr. S. E. Hartsell, of the bacteriology staff, was elected president of the Indiana Society of American Bacteriologists at the annual meeting held Saturday in Indianapolis. Dr. P. A. Terault, of the biology department, was re-elected ^secre-tary-treasurer. Forty staff members and, graduate students from the University attended the meeting. The society were guests of Eli Lilly and company for an afternoon and evening program. A. E. Bolyn, W. H. Brown and Dr. P. R. Elliker presented papers on the program, h.b.d.
Notices
AKricuItnriat BusinMR Statf: MeetiQ^ oa Tuesday afternoon', December 10, at 4 o’clock In the Agrlcnltarist office. Important. —BLOSSER.
P. T. Brown To Speak
Before Ag Honorary
Phi Lambda Upsilon
. . . chemical engineering honorary, announces the following pledges: junior chemical engineers —F. M. Branner, W. J. Borns, J. A. Bock, S. H. Munger, A. A. Harban; W. E. Moss, senior; and graduate engineers—B. T. Collins, A. A. Dietz, D. B. Hatcher, G. M. Kibler, J. H. Lux, J. B. Montgomery, J. E. Schumacher, R. M. Thomas, A. C. Whitaker.
“Value of Judging Team Experience” will be the topic of a talk by P. T. Brown at the Hoof and Horn meeting at 7:30 o’clock this evening in room 263 of the Union. Brown, of the animal horticulture extension staff, will be the featured speaker at the meeting. The program includes awards for judging work at the International show. Animal husbandry students will receive their awards also. This is the only meeting of its type held this year.
Dean Potter To Address
Engineer Staff Members
Dean Potter will outline the defense education program which is being incorporated in all engineering schools, at the Engineer’s staff meeting tonight at 4 p m. The meeting will be held in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building.
Awards—All To Seniors Awards will be presented to members of the judging team, who are all seniors: Glenn Boyd, Paul Jackson, D. E. Wantzel, Joe Cooper, John Stewart and William Johnson.
no tickets being sold for individual programs. These tickets are now on sale at the west desk of the Union for fifty cents. Little Convo for January 6, ■will also present four pictiures. They are: “The City,” a picture showing the transfer from an agricultural to an industrial economy in this country; “Death Day,” a photographic study of masks at the Mexican Fiesta of Calaveras; “Menilmontant,” techiJically an experimental film sho-wing the psychological study of the ageless tragedy of the unwed mother; and Walt Disney’s “Toby Tortoise Returns.” Program for March 11, will include the following pictures: “La Kermesse Heroique” or “Carnival In Flanders,” a full length feature film produced in France, but subtitled in English, and “The Orphan’s Benefit,” produced by Walt Disney. These programs are subject to change and substitution by contract with distributors. If a sufficient number of subscriptions are sold, an extra program will be added to the series late in the spring with no additional charge to subscribers. Robert Parks, an official of the Art club, announced that with a good reception of the series by students, faculty and staff members, the programs may become an annual project of the club, e.w.m.
RidiiiK Club Committee: Meeting Tueatoy afternoon, December 10, at 4:16 p. m. Boasong, Herold, Hafler, Fasanacht, Meyer, Miller, Nelson, Sheehy, Scblckler, Schuber and Vort Bahren please >'®P°'^5;pBURN
tJnion Women’s Bowling Tonmament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, Deeeijaber 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of “O” grades in Highway Construction CB • 61 Will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. --PETTY,
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting Thursday, December 12, at 4 p. m. in room 304 of Union. Discussion of important plans. Membere expecting oertlflcates and plaaues'-muat be —MONTGOMERY.
WAA Fencing: All fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 18, at 4-p.,m. in Women’s gym. —McFarland.
Cast for Second Act of “What a Life : Be at Fowler Hall at 8:65 a. m. Tuesday, December 10, in appropriate dress for the second act. ' —MARKS.
Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Luncheon reservations, may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth 0. Irvin, phone 8001. —IRVIN.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Meet at 9:30 p. m. Tuesday, December 10, in the PIA office for a short rehearsal before serenading. Everybody be there. —SMULBVITZ.
Newman Club: Discussion group meeting Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room 803 of Union. Members are urged to attend. —LUERS.
Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Monday, December 9 or Wednesday, December 11. Shooting Tuesday and Thursday as usual. Each co-ed is to have 6 practices by Thursday, December 12, for intramural competition. —BLAGRAVE.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: First group of pledges report at 8:45 p. m. in Union for pledge test. Bring boxes. All themes are due by Wednesday at 4 p. m. All pledges will meet Thursday at 7 a. m. in the Armory in uniform. Second group of pledges will take pledge test Thursday night. —BLACKWELL.
Kappa Delta Pi-Delta Rho Kappa: Joint meeting Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the west faculty lounge. A talk by \I Stewart will be followed by an informal social sing and grab bag exchange. Members and their guests are invited. All must bring a wrapped ten cent gift. —NORQUEST.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, Dec. 10, in the Armory. —MEESB.
AIME Members: Meeting Thursday, December 12, in room 202 in Heavilon Hall at 7:30 p. m. There will be a sound color movie entitled “The Making and Shaping of Steel.’’ —PHILLIPS.
Fencers; All men Interested in_ fencing and who have had previous experience report to the third floor in the Fieldhouse Wednesday, December 11, at 4 p. m. —WEGENER.
Students from Pittsburgh and Vicinity: If there are enough of :is we will hold a dance at the Chatterbox in the William Penn Hotel, Thursday, December 26, from 9 p. m. to 2 a. m. Cost per couple is $2.20, which will include cover charge and dinner, according to Louis Berti, maitre d’Hotel of the Penn. If you are interested, please call Jack Wunderley, 61153, or Bill Delmer, 2487. (12-17) ' -DELMER.
Engineer Workers: Meeting in the Union office Tuesday, December 10, at 4 p. m. —GALE.
SAE: Meeting in room 212 of the Union on Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. F. H. Boor of Fairchild Mfg, Co. will speak on Gear Design. All students interested are invited. —WIST.
Dubberstein To Address
Sigma Xi Meeting Tonight
Classified Ads
Tonight at 7:30 in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall, Sigma Xi will sponsor a lecture by Dr. Waldo H. Dubberstein. His topic will be “Early Science in the Ancient Near East.”
Attention of fraternities, sororities and other organized groups on the campus is called to the fact that printed leaflets containing the words of the most popular Christmas carols may be had, while the supply lasts, at the office of the music organizations in the Music Hall. These leaflets, especially adaptable for caroling, are being distributed through the courtesy of the music depajrtment of the University.
Swimming Team: All freshman and varsity swimmers be at pool at 4:30 p. m. Tuesday, December 10, for Debris picture. —GALE.
PIA Dance Classes: At the next lesson on Tuesday, December 10, at 7:80 p. m. bring dates, if possible. HUMPHREY.
Dairy Club: Meeting Tuesday night, December 10, at 7:30 o’clock in room 108 of Smith Hall. —BLOSSER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting in room 308 of Union Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30
-SCHNELL.
Alpha Zeta: Important meeting at the Alpha Gamma Rho house immediately after the game Wednesday night. Be on time. —STEWART.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, December 11, at 4:16 p. m. in WSGA office. Change of time due to basketball game. —ZWIERLEUSr.
Lackawanna And Nickel
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.60, Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. EbershoS, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
F. H. Boor Speaks Tonight
To Automotive Engineers
Plate Roads Run Specials
For Sale: *29 Chevrolet coupe. Good tires, paint. Radio, heater. $35. Gall 2009.
Saturday, December 21, at 1 p. m. the Nickel Plate and Lackawanna railroads will run special student trains from Lafayette for Cleveland, Buffalo and New York. Reservations may be made by calling Bob Bauman, phone 3063. b.y.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Society of Automotive Engineers will hear F. H. Boor, representative of Fairfield Manufacturing Company, Lafayette, speak on “Gears and Gear Design,” tonight at 7:30 in room 212 of the Union, b.h.
Delta Chi
. . . fraternity announces the pledging of the following students: Peter Van Linden, Onie Swartz, Kenneth Gehrke, Art Samuel, Bill Feik, Bill Renfranz, Wayne Brown, and Bob Landau.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and FASTERIES
Fraternity and Sarerity Orden a
SFECiALTY
“REST ASSURED” at HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblozer
Axrcondi^oned
Fourth and Ferry
Lerfoyette
EVERYTHING YOU DEMAND
is included in our Dry Cleaning Service.
In addition we give you Genuine MONITE Moth-Proofing FREE. AU Wool Garments are moth-proofed by this process.
The Home of DATED SHIRTS
Shirts laundered by us exclusively are Guaranteed to Last a Year
Laundry
riMt CLEAntRs or fine clothEt
in the attractive Gift carton . that says...
Copyriiht 19W, l4e«RT ft U'raw Twucco Ca.
r
-V'
\f>
fd'
Scabbard and Blade: On Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. a meeting for the actives will be held in room 364 of the Union. Plans for rough initiation will i be completed. ' —MEESB.
Skull and Crescent: On Thursday, December 12, at 7:30 p. m. the monthly reunion will be held in room 806 of the Union. —LANIUS.
Agriculture Education Society: Important meeting will be held Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. George B. Davis, head of Teacher Placement Bureau, will speak. There will also be a nomination of officers and discussion of the constitution revision. —CROOKS.,
■Y
i Y