Purdue
Z-ISS
Volume 51. No. 38
Exponent
Tuesday, October 24. 1939
Riveters Head West For First Santa Clara Clash Heeding the advice of -Horace Greely for the first time in Purdue’s athletic history, the forty members composing the Eiveter grid juggernaut will entrain this afternoon, bound for the West coast and their Saturday’s encounter with the mighty Broncos of Santa Clara.
Ina Ray Hutton
Temporarily discarding their proverbial slide rules and raincoats in favor of the relaxation and luxuries of the transcontinental railway system, and the tropical sunshine for which the state of California is so famous, the Riveter squad will leave Lafayette today at 5:46 p. m., following a curtailed piactice session in the afternoon. Top Flight Opponent By virtue of their brilliant 7 to 0 victory over the mighty Gaels of St. Mary’s Saturday, the Broncos reestablished themselves as one of the outstanding elevens on the Pacific coast and a team that must be reckoned with in top flight national rankings. Lack of adequate practice time will provide the main “fly in the ointment” in Coach Mai Elward’s planned attack on the west coast team. Arriving m San Francisco early Friday morning, the Boilermaker squad will have time for only one short practice session befor the Saturday clash. Skull Sessions * Attempting to recover this disadvantage, the coaching staff will conduct prolonged skull sessions as the train is speeding toward the Golden Gate. The coaches will have ample time to review scouting reports of the versatile Bronco attack and to develop the squad in “blackboard” defenses. “Considering the fact that the boys were due for a letdown,” commented Mai Elward, while reviewing the Michigan State game, they played exceptionally good foot-
ball.”
Reserve Strength Shown “This was our first opportunity to tiy our reserve strength in actual competition, and it showed that we aie not as strong as we should be 111 reserve material,” Elward remarked. “Petty, Frank Winchell, Shackleton, John Brown, and Neff showed up well in Saturday’s tilt.” The return of versatile left half Jack Brown and of veteran guard Carl Verplank to the Boilermaker lineup is expected to bolster the Riveter attack in Saturday’s clash. However, this advantage is partially overcome by the doubtful status of Felix Mackiewicz, right end, and Tom Melton, outstanding sophomore guard, who suffered injuries in the Spartan attack. Along with the coaching staff. Dr. Miller, Trainer Lon Mann, and Senior Managers Butterfield and Martin will accompany the Riveter squad on their western invasion. Traveling Squad The 40 members of the team making the trip are: Axton, Britt, Brock, Jack Brown, John Brown, Byelene, Bykowski, Combs, Donnelly, DeWitte, Galvin, Hennis, Hobbs, WhiteyJohnson, Dick Johnson, Kersey, Krause, Lehr, Liebrecht, Mackiewicz, Melton, Miller, Montague, Morningstar, Neff, Petty, Petry, Potter, Rankin, A1 and Italo Rossi, Rush, Shumacher, Shackleton, Stevenson, Verplank, Vyverberg, Jack Winchell, Welsch, and Frank Win-
chell.
California here we come! Alpha Sigma'Phi Chapter Here Sunday
Installed
Alpha Pi chapter of Alpha Sigma Phi held its installation banquet Sunday in the Union faculty lounge. Active members of the foi-mer local Phi Pi Phi chapter, the national oi--ganization of which has merged with Alpha Sigma Phi, were initiated into Alpha Sigma Phi Friday and Saturday nights at the chapter house. Prof. H. B. Hass, head of the department of chemistry. Epsilon Chapter, Ohio Wesleyan, acted as toastmastei. Welcome was given by University fraternity advisor. Dr. Frederick Scheuch, and Maurice J. Pierce, grand junior president, addressed the group.
LATE NEWS FLASH Washington, Oct. 23 — The freighter City of Flint, owned by United States maritime commission, has been captured somewhere on the Atlantic by a German raider, according to reports tonight, and has been taken to Kola bay, near Murmansk, Russia. Green Potters Will Elect Officers Today For Coming Year Brock And Hensey Vie For Prexy's Job Today is the day for all good frosh and true to come to the aid of their party. Green Potters will elect their officers for the coming year at the east end of the men’s lounge in the Union. Polls will be open at 8 a. m. and close at 6 p. m. Eight men are running for office in the elections—two for each office. They are Bryan Brock and Bill Hensey for president, John McCarney and William Ruggles for vicepresident, Doug Benney and Robert Horne for secretary, and A1 Patrick and Bill Miller for treasurer. Only Eds Vote Only freshman men are eligible to vote and they must present their passport in order to cast their ballot. The, voting will be secret. Winners will be announced tomorrow. Skull and Crescent, sophomore activities honorary, is sponsoring the election and the Student Senate IS running the actual balloting. Candidates Say When asked to make a statement of policy concerning the recent vandalism in the painting of the new statues. Bill Hensey said, “I believe and I think the rest of the freshman class (at least that section I have seen) believes with me that the recent defacing of University property was an uncalled for action. The freshman class frowns upon all participation in such activities and disclaims those students who were responsible for the defacing of the Union, if they be freshmen.” Bryan Brock said, “The freshman class a^ a body knows that the recent painting episode was very low of the guilty party, whether they be organized, Cary Hall boys, or other students. The Green Potter organization, with officers at their head, will 'be glad to help find the guilty party, or do anything in our power to cover this black eye.” Swedarsky Injured In Accident Sunday Isadore Swedarsky, freshman from South Bend, and a companion, Denville Turner, a Lafayette resident, were critically injured in an accident Sunday night which also took the life of Jennie Perry, Jefferson High school student. The three were driving on state road 26 east of Lafayette when the car left the road and crashed into a pole. Miss Perry died in the Home Hospital a few hours after admission. Swedarsky, who 4s an agriculture student living at the Tau Epsilon Phi house, is seriously injured having possible inteimal injuries, face and eye lacerations, and several teeth knocked out.
President
. . . E. C. Elliott and David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees of the -University, left this morning to attend the annual meeting of the Association of Governing Boards of State Universities and allied institutions, to be held at the University of Texas.
2,000 Hear Debaters Discuss Sino-Japanese War Situation
$500 Reward
'. . . who with her new all men orchestra will play for Boilermakers Saturday night. Tickets for the dance will go on sale at 4 p. m. tomorrow afternoon in front of the sweet shop at the regular price of one dollar.
100 Co-eds Sign Up For Lodde Speech; Preliminaries At 4 Nearly 100 co-eds have entered the preliminaries of the Lodde speech contest for freshman women which will be held at 4 p. m. today in room 201, University Hall. Coeds are to report to room 201, according to an announcement by Marilyn McKnight, forensic board member in charge. Contestants should plan on staying until 5 p. m., at which time the semi-finals will be held. Each contestant IS to give a five-minute talk. Ten to 15 girls will be chosen from the semi-finalists to speak in the finals, which will be held at 7:30 p. m. on October 31 in the home^economics auditorium. The winner will leceive a personal gift from the Lodde JewT&lry Co., sponsor of the contest. The organization gaining the most points will receive the Lodde ti ophy for one year. Any organization winning the cup three times keeps it permanently. Last year it was captured by-the Thetas, while the year before it was won by the Chi Omegas.
NOTICE It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President
... is offered by the University for information leading to the apprehension of the individual or individuals guilty of the acts of vandalism at the Union building on Friday night, October 20, according to a release from the president’s office. Any information regarding the incident should be directed to the office of President Elliott. Potter's Welcome Opens 6th Annual Fire School Here Field Technic On Today's Program Opened with a speech of welcome by Dean A. A. Potter and a response by Don F. Stiver, state safety director, the sixth annual Indiana fire school, sponsored by the Engineering Extension department of the University, got under way at 10 a. m. yesterda!^ morning. The program consisted chiefly of speeches by Bernard Lynch, chief of Indianapolis fire prevention bureau; Harry Rogeis, chief engineer of the western actuarial bureau; A. H. Gent, engineer for the Illinois inspection bureau; and R. D. McDaniels, chairman of the Indiana fire prevention committee. Danger Of Sabotage Lynch urged fiiemen to be doubly careful of sabotage because of the condition of war existing in the world and warned them to make careful ipspection of plants and factories engaged in the production of munitions. A. H. Gent pointed out that, due to the high standard of man-power and equipment available for fire fighting in the state, Indiana has relatively low insurance rates. Rogers discussed (the advantages of p/hblic' speaking ability for a fireman. Prompt Reports McDaniels talked on fire prevention week and urged all Indiana fire chiefs to make prompt reports on fire prevention activities in their respective towns. The three-day school incorporates many exhibits of fire fighting equipment, including gas masks, clothing, tools, and hose. Today’s program will include a field demonstration of much of this equipment and of fire fighting technique.
Step Right Up Camera Fans; Don't Push, But Get In Big Dpbris Snapshot Contest
Giab your camera, chum. It doesn’t matter whether it’s the latest super fast fl.6 or the original cardboard box with the pinhole. Just so that it will take a picture. Yon don’t have to be a super sophisticated portrait artist. Any rank amateur will do. In fact, that’s what we want. You’re probably wondering what this is all about. Haven’t you heard ? Debris has a big snapshot contest under way. All you have to do is go out and snap a few shots and turn them in. Simple no end! Contest Rules No coupons to clip. No reasonably accurate facsimilies to submit. Just follow these simple rules: 1. All prints must be accompanied by the negative, a description of the picture (names, occasions, etc.), and the contributor’s name, address and telephone number. 2. Entries should be turned in at the box provided for them in the Union Debris office. 3. Any student except members
of the Debris staff are eligible to
enter.
4. Any number of prints may be submitted. The Best The best print of the month will be selected by the members of the editorial and photography staff of Debris. The monthly winners will be published in the Exponent. From these winners the snopshot of the year will be selected. A free copy of Debris will be awarded the person submitting the winning print. Even if you don’t win one of the prizes, it’s a fine chance to get your picture in the yearbook. On the ball, chums! This is your chance to complete campus coverage. Debris officials stated that there is no reason why every student should not have his or her picture in the book. See you in print, chum. W, A, Beman . . . ChE '40, has been appointed local representative of the Provi-
dent Mutual Life Insurance Co.
Philadelphia.
of
The teaching of anti-Japanese propaganda in China was one of the underlying causes for the Sino-Jap-anese conflict, said Dr. Yutaka Mi-
nakuchi last night.
Japan Bases Aggression On Need Of Raw Materials; Fears Russian Intervention Before 2,000 students, faculty members, and townspeople, last night. Dr. No-Yong Park and Dr. Yutaka Minakuchi discussed the Sino-Japanese situation in the second University convocation of the year. Dr. Park defended China’s stand in the far eastern situation, and Dr. Minakuchi defended Japan. “The present European war did not begin September 1, 1939, when Germany marched into Poland. It began in Manchuria, when Japan moved in in 1931. Japan attacked not only China, but also the treaties that had kept aggression in check,” said Park. “Had civilized countries of the world observed those rules of intercourse there would not be this destructive war. This was a test
case.”
Treaties Scraps Of Paper “This led to the breaking of faith between countries. Treaties became scraps of paper. Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin all appeared. They staged more conquests,” he continued. Discussing the nature of the war in the Far East, Dr. Park said, “It is not a war of preservation or self defense. It is a war of expansion and conquest. It is a war of extermination of the Chinese people.” “The situation isn’t as simple as my colleague has made it,” said Dr. Minakuchi in his combined constructive and rebuttal speech. “Behind the present crisis we have many years of troubled history.” In Dr. Park’s constructive speech he set forth the reasons given for the Japanese invasion of China. Dr. Minakuchi said that the need for more land was not only to gain food sources, but to gain raw materials. We depend on the rest of the world for these raw materials. Orient For The Orientals “After the rest of the world shut their doors against Japan, she turned to China. East China was the only place she could sell and gain her goods. Japan is trying to tell China that East Asia ‘is the only place left for Orientals. That does not mean that Japan wants to close her doors to the rest of the world. “When both China and Japan have exhausted themselves by war, Russia will overrun both countries. That is Japan’s fear,” he said. “As long as there are foreign concessions and foreign troops and garrisons in China she cannot be a free country. Japan expects to respect the foreign rights in China, The war is still in progress; Japan’s final decisions in China are not known.”
Dr. No-Yong Park; he listed the reasons for the Japanese invasion of China, and then proved each one to be a false assumption. Rites To inaugurate University Chapter OfHillel Foundation With ceremonies tomorrow at 8 p. m., a chapter of the B’nai B’rith Hillel Foundation will be opened on the campus. The Hillel Foundation is instituted as a religious, cultural, recreational, and social center for Jewish students. Announcement of the founding was made by Henry Monsky, national president of B’nai B’rith who also announced that Rabbi Meyer H. Simon of Temple Israel, Lafayette, had been appointed director of
the program. Second In State
The new chapter will be the second of its kind in the state, the other being located at Indiana University. Throughout the country there are 12 chapters of the foundation. J. Eugene Farber of Toledo, 0., president of district grand lodge No. 2, will attend the meeting. A dinner meeting will be held at Temple Israel at 6:15 for local B’nai B’l'ith lodge members, their wives and guests. After the meeting the group will go in a body to the Hillel Center for the reception at 8 p. m. in honor of President Farber and to officially open the new institution.
Xi Sigma Pi
. . . national forestry honorary, announces the pledging of the following seniors: Benton H. Burns, Chicago, Jll., and Floyd B. Kelsey, Roanoke; juniors: Clare R. Beeler, Lafayette; James R. Blackwell, Terre Haute; and Elmbr W. Shaw, Holton.
Seniors, Get Those Pictures Taken Now Senior picture sittings should be kept today and tomorrow. There are no sittings scheduled for Thursday so that anyone who has missed his may come then and have the picture taken. Anyone who has missed his sitting and cannot come Thursday is asked to come up today or tomoiTow, since Thursday will be absolutely the last day for pictures to be taken. Farewell Luncheon Given For 90 Year Old Professor Farewell hmcheon, arranged by staff of the botany department, was held at noon yesterday in the Chestnut room of the Union in honor of Dr. J. C. Arthui-, 90-year Md Professor Emeritus of Botany and world I'ecognized authority on plant rusts. ■ Dr. Arthur came to the University in 1887 as the first botanist in the agricultural experiment station and served as chief of the department until his retirement in 1915. He announced that he is giving up his home here in Columbia street within a few days to leave for Floruia[ to enjoy a more temperate climate.mm-
■p"
*
::.W-i^:-': ./a'
fe'f';:--''
;sA, ;::;■ .; . , >
■'>A ■■'; .:./ -“a ^aa:;vv-, , .'■'•1: ;
'
I-
■-'A.'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. October 24. 1939
500 Dollars
But
... is a lot of money in anybody’s language; many students do not exceed that figure for their annual budget at Purdue University. The University spends hundreds of thousands of dollars each year for physical requirements, maintenance, and salaries. Nevertheless, it is regrettable that it should be necessary for $500 to be set aside fis a reward for information leading to the apprehension of the person or persons who painted the Union building carv-
By Vladmir Bit ti be iytdibe bt iyr larkubg . . . sorry, had our hands on the wrong keys. Sometimes we do that when we’re in a hurry and we certainly are now. We want to hurry and tell all about Mr. Dean of Playshop, so Romanoff won’t get all the glory of reporting frosh-faculty scraps. , Seems Mr. Dean was in the Playshop office when a large group (he says 1,000) of freshmen swarmed him, started to take him out to a better place, when he convinced them that he was Mr. Dietrich, Playshop director. At least that’s the story we heard.
mgs.
Due to wanton destruction on the part of a few moronic-minded individuals, the University is offering $500 merely for information which may lead to uncovering of the culprits. We can think of many, many ways in which a sum could do much better things for the University and student body. It was just $500 which was given to start and continue the Puttering Room, favorite rendezvous of art-mind-ed students.
We’re beginning to think it would be a good idea if the frosh were to grow the mustaches and the seniors to shave them. At least the seniors should be able to tell just who are instructors.
OUR-VERSATILE-CO-EDS DEPARTMENT ' (Track Division) “Mary Mather placed sixth in the novice jumping class, competing with a group of 25 in which she was the only woman. Miss Mather cleared seven out of eight jumps, all beautifully executed.” —Exponent story on the Riding Club Roundup.
“Honor among thieves” is a time-worn phrase, even if thieves can be considered to have any honor, and certainly cannot be conceived to cover the present situation. If those responsible for the present outrage are not found, similar vandalism may take place at some future date. Two years ago the Physics building roof and Purdue stack were painted in a similar manner. We see no reason why anyone who may know the guilty party’s identity should “cover up” for them, especially in the face of $500. Action now may prevent such foolish destruction in future years. Jon Jonson, carver of the stones, is back on the campus to repair his work. Scaffolding will go up again today, and Jonson will begin actual work tomorrow. University officials hope to have the damage repaired for the scheduled unveiling of the carvings on Friday, November 3. Paint manufacturers are giving their assistance in the search to discover the vandals. Fingerprints have been found, and the police are following up the case. Five hundred dollars is a lot of money . . . we only wish we knew who did the job!
Except for the first five, the horses didn’t have a chance. Right now, when lots and lots of people are reading the column, we hope—^we’d like to apologize to Herman. Herman, in case you didn’t know, is our CONTRIBUTOR. Your first letter was well written, Herman, we’d like another. We’d say more about the first one, but ...
We don’t send out rejection slips.
Our secret agent No. 28% reports that President Elliott accosted him in the hall of the Union. Friday nighj;,. ;;He asked what was going on. Our agent said he guessed Vincent Lopez was drawing the crowd. “Lopez?” said the Doctor, “who’s he?”
Oh, you know, Doc. Piano . . . “Nola” .
band.
We wouldn’t give a broken toothpick to be in secret agent No. 28%’s shoes. In fact, burs are beginning to pinch. • • • ,, Note to the officiajs who are “streamlining” the new Debris: Have you calculated the wind resistance of a senior’s mustache?
^jthsh£dii&-
By Hank Miller
They tell the story of the new announcer down in Cincinnati who was announcing his first big show. His script I’ead, “Bond Bread Bakers,” but the man got a little rattled and instead of reading it as it was written, he read it “Blond Bed Breakers.” Poor fellow.
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley Editbr-ln-Chlef W. B. Smith..... ^.Bnsinesa Manager D. G. Terrio ....Editorial Director G. W. Frederick.... Manaaingr Editor E. H. Antoniiii... Senior AdvertiainK Mansaer G. Schillinx— Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins :....Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday durina the academic year. . Entered as second class matter at the pbst blfiee in- La^^yette, Indiana. under thCv^t of ConKreaS' bf March 8, 1879, and at Uie' special rate of postaae prorided for In Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 80, 1922.
Rough Initiation
... for new members of the Undergraduate Dames Club will be held tonight at the home of the president, Mrs. James Russell, at 7:30 o’clock. The Dames Club was formed in 1900 at the University of Chicago, and now has 23 chapters. Membership in the club is composed of wives of all university students.
Purdue won, the'seniors lost (not only their cords )''and dad went home . . . with dad went that last chance to repay those loans that you were so sure you could repay Monday morning. Even if we could cast aside all our other worries, we still have to start the week on MONDAY . . . and Mondays are still droopy. —B & B— Ed’s Note: We just thought you would like to know the situation back in 1916 . . . our advice is to follow the band leader . . . if you can. (Ina Ray does a little moving around herself.) —B & B— The Purdue senior may be easily distinguished from the underclassmen by the fact that he wears a pair of corduroy trqusers. Should be go to any other school he would in all probability be taken for a freshman. —B & B— The school board of the West Side grade school would probably make a little extra coin to use for educational purposes if they started charging Purdue eds for the use of the “fire-shoot” in said school. Imagine our surprise on walking past the school on a Sunday and hearing the following come forth from the fire-shoot, “Come on, darling, it’s time to go.” , —B & B— Prize sucker of a prize week-end, what with the seniors running rampant, was a little gal from WRH west who paid 50 cents to a trio of imposters. for a mug, lifted from one of the local spots. Don’t you know better than to let telephoned threats and a barman’s union card fool you, L. T. ? —B & B—The Theta’s and the Beta’s buried the hatchet last night when the Beta boys had dessert with the Theta Charmers. Tender little speeches were given by representatives of both houses as a wreath was placed on the hatchet’s funeral. mound. —B & B— Famous Last Words: I wanna go home.
The transcription which Vincent Lopez made especially for WBAA and was played on yesterday’s Luncheon Dance Time proved a big success. It proved so successful, in fact, that plans are under way to have as a regular Monday feature of Luncheon Dance Time a transcription of either the Friday night or Saturday night Union band.
Don’t forget, tonight at 7 over WMAQ, Phillip Morris’ Johnny Presents program, Johnny Green’s orchestra will play as one number of a medley, “For the Honor of Old Purdue.”
We recommend for tonight’s listening, the Bob Hope program with Judy Garland, Jerry Colonna, Skinnay Ennis’ orchestra, and Elvira Allman. The show comes through WMAQ at 9 and is packed full of fast wit and chatter. Hope, who used to be on vaudeville, is employing the same line of chatter that he used on the stage and it’s going over in a big way. He uses a very original method in planning his shows. Soon after one show is over, Hope and the rest of the cast start an unending line of chatter, all the time playing up the studio audience. This goes on for maybe an hour and a half with the operators recording every word and every audience reaction that takes place. At the end of jthe time, Hope takes these.records into his, script writers ■yyho play them back and listen to them. They then build the show around those gags that got the best audience response. —e-e— Friday afternoon at 4:15, WBAA 'will bring to the air, a bite by bite description of the gooey, drippy, messy pie eating contest between the Pi Kappa Phi and Pi Kappa Alpha fraternities. The proceedings will originate from the front of the Union with Bucket Adams and yours truly at the mike.
The romance of Hollywood from BATHING BEAUTIES TO WORLD PREMIERES!
prrECHNICOLOR Alice %OH FlAMEl
ond the screen's greatest personalities of todoy . . . and yesterday!
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
MARS
USOA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS 2ND FEATURE THE WONDER BABY OF EAST SIDE OF HEAVEN*
SANDY
leiA
SHIRLEY. DENNIS
ROSS O’KEEFE *«"«AUER
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
WALTER WANGER presents
mmm
— WITH — JOHN WAYNE CLAIRE TREVOR
AN D —
—ALSO —
'FLYING G-MEN" No. 15 "RED BARRY" No. 1
tiAid
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATUURE
PHIL STONG’S NOVEL featurine Jesse L. Lasky’s Dig talent I search disGov>^ eries. —•
With LAnne Shirley • Edward^ Ellis •Samuels. Hinds Janet Beecher * Leon Errol, Alice Eden «d John ^cher,' sNtcM ttnweh "Catnway )o HallywMi” radio program.
—PLUS
'’v.
irS SCANDALOUS BUT SWELL!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Why don’t you try it once with your eyes open, Clarice?”
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops
HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
The Campus Favorite!
Cardigans
$1.98
Others to $8.9.8
A sensation on every campus in the country. The new, longer length cardigan, in every new fail shade, to wear in the regular way or as illustrated buttoned in the back.
CASHMERES CASHMERE BLENDS SHETLANDS Sizes from 32 up to 40
SWING SKIRTS
in Football Shades Mix’em or Match’em
$1.98
Others to $8.98 Sizes from 24 to 34 waist
LOC6 & H C NC COMPA^fY Lafayette’s Friendly Shopping Center
KM
■4Jtu »
mHl\ k»« « W. in mJ>4. ^ yli* ((f, «t,t*4?^f-**—i'^''-^-r.—....rLfi §
Tuesday. October 2^. 1939
£xpomnL fiaqsL
Kappa Sigma Downs Phi Kappa Sigma 3-2; Enter Finals of Greek Softball Tourney
By scoring twice in the first half of the fifth inning the Kappa Sigs advanced to the finals of the inter-fraternity softball tournament with a 3-2 victory over the Phi Kappa Sigs. For the fiist three innings the ■ ' '
Three ROTC Teams To Vie For Honors In Softball Finals
winning pitcher, Kroft, held the losers runless but in the last half of the fourth the Phi Kappa Sigs went ahead, 2-1 However, the Kappa Sigs were not to be denied and with two out in the last inning Jack Comer hit a home run with one on to provide the winning margin Today the Alpha Gamma Rho and the SAE fraternities clash in the other semi-final game to determine which will face Kappa Sigma for the title later this week
Cary Hall 10 Wins Ward Softball Championship
l-M Schedules
Cary Hall 10 eked out a 1-0 win over Ward 25 last Friday to win the ward softball championship Conklin, pitching for the Cary Hall team, allowed only four scattered hits Conklin also helped to win his own ball game when he singled in the third innihg, coming in with the winning tally when Hawks connected with a double
Field
2—Pi Kappa Alpha vs
TOUCHBALlr—Today
Official
Delta Tau Delta
Leppla
3— Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Pi Idann 4— Delta Chi vs Kappa Sigma McGrath 5— Phi Kappa Psi vs Phi Delta Theta
Chaffee
6— Triangle vs Theta Tau Close 7— Phi Kappa vs Phi Sigma Kappa Kutz 8— Sigma Chi vs Theta Xi Brinduse
Dr. C. J. Klemme
Starting with 32 teams on the last Wednesday in September, the military softball tournament has been narrowed to three teams which meet for the corps championship. Six teams came through the three-game schedule with perfect lecords to qualify for the quarter final round D-3 defeated H-1, 4 to 3, E-1 beat B-2, 6 to 0, and A-3 won over H-4, 5-1, in these quarter final games and the winning combinations will vie for the awards that go to the victors The awards are gold medals and a citation to the winners and silver medals and seven merits to the second place team Merits have been awarded to the men participating in each of the games throughout the tournament
SOFTBALlr—Today Diamond Officials 18—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Alpha Gamma Rho Goldstein-Smithson
of the school of pharmacy, spoke last Saturday evening, before the Indiana Society of X-ray Technicians in Indianapolis, on the subject of “Formal Education and the Adjunctive Professions to Medicine ”
Nursery School
director, Dr Marion L Matt-' son, will be one of the members of a panel discussion during the meet ing of the National Association for Nursery Education in New York City October 24-28
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m.. each morning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time cmd wiU receive a cord through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very importcmt that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for Mm to be there he should notify the DEBIRS office beforehand and make a different appointment.
A minim\im charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24
1 20 9 45 I 1 40 1 25 1 1 20 1 35 3 10 3 20 2 15 2 20 1 40 3 40 8 30 2 55 II 50 11 05 8 10 11 15 3 30 1 1 10 9 00 8 05 10 05 2 45 11 00 8 50 1 1 25 8 15 10 35 9 10
30 15 20 15
10 10 4 20 9 30 3 00 9 25 10 15 11 55 10 20 2 05 1 15 2 00 4 30 10 25 8 20 10 30 4 00 4 05 10 40 8 25 8 45
Amt, J H Black, jane Brody, Bob Buente, Estella Carr, Mary jane Catterall, W E Darr, B^tty jane Ganzar, P Gipe, W Griffin, G S Grosh, Gerald G, Hall, Ruth Harvey, j H Houk, W E Houser, Genevieve Huls, W D Hunter, L L Huston, A B Kelsey, F B Lang, Kathryn Leafgreen, j W Leet, Claud A Leppla, john A Lochner, Charlotte Milea, Victoria Nash, W A Nassau D L Nevin, H W , jr Noland, T C Oblinger R L Olson, D L Palikucka, G Pauder P F Pinar A Plank, Helen E Pogue H D Pophon R Potter K Joanne Potter R C Potts, R E Powers C H Powers R B Prange F A Price, j Price, jane Pu, Chung-Lih Pustilla, A jualls W F Quebe William Quinn jack Raebel, A F Raebig, Francis Ramseyer, S D Rasmusser, C A
Sr
4 10 11 30 2 35 3 35 8 40 11 35 9 05 1 30 3 25 1 1 45 2 25 9 35 2 10 8 35 4 25 12 00 4 35 4 40 4 45 4 50 3 05 4 55 1 45 4 15 9 40 1 50 1 05 8 00 10 55 1 55 1 00 10 50 9 55 8 55 10 00 10 45 3 55 3 50 3 45 2 50 2-40 1 10 9 50
W
Recktenwall, R Rees, D R Redmon, D E Reed, W A Reguly, A M Reichart, F Y Reinhart, Grace Reininga W H Reising, j P Renner, W D Rethmeyer, B D Reynolds, C S
Reiff, L E
Reilley, R L Reising, C A Riddiford, M S Risinger, W P Rhodehamel, H
Rice, D N Rice, j M
Richards, M M Richardson, j A Robinson, Rosemary Selkowitz, I H Stapleton, R A , jr Steele, Virginia
Stewart, j
Stradling, R E Strong W B Stroup, B L Stroup, R C Sullivan, E F Sullivan, W T Swander, j C Swam, j W Swainson, R E Swansan T C
Swartz j Swing, L
Swinney j G Taylor, W F Voelkel Lois Weaver jane
9 20 10 15 9 25 10 20 10 25 9 30 4 30 10 30 1 1 40 9 35 4 35 10 35 1 45 10 40 8 40 I 1 55 8 45 11 50 9 45 1 15 1 1 00 10 00 9 00 1110 8 00 4 00 1 00 II 15 8 05 8 10 1 20 8 15 2 50 8 20 9 50 4 45 4 05 1 1 25 3 55
WEDNESDAY, OCT 25
05 50 55 50 00 10
Lindley, M 0 Little Charlotte Liu Nai Chien Logan D E Lohr C T
Long R Lord, f K
Lorenz L j Loveless E E Loveridge B T Lubbehusen L A Luce C B Lucas L E Ludwig C M Lukenbill R S Lundberg F j Luth L A Lutz C F Lynch j D Lyons R S Riffin P V Ripenburg A W
Risk, j A
Roberts Dorothy May Roberts H A Robison F W Roderich Barbara Roembike j E Rogers A S Rohn Abbott Rohrbaugh R W Rone j R Roper, Janet Rose, j H Rose T W Rosenberg ] M Ross C A Rossman C A Roth H D Roth Joan B Roth R R Rothenberger Arlene Rothenberger E E
Rubin J
Ruch S E
3 45
Abolin T
8 30
Ruck Romma G
10 45
Clifton Gray M
4 15
Runcie E T
4 50
Ferris, j R
10 05
Ruppert C F
8 25
Haiges, j J
9 15
Rush Martha Ellen
4 25
Levy Theodore A
1 1 30
Russell Grace S
10 10
Lewis, Dean
8 35
Russell H
2 45
Lewis Mira
11 35
Ryder C G
2 00
Liebrech Paul C
1 1 45
Spicker Mane
10 55
Lilly Allisan
2 05
Suabedissen R H
1 10
Linderman, 1 E
9 55
Timms H L
J%0
(Dehjiidu
it
‘CompbdiL QcunpuA,
//
The Scorecard
By Rolfe Jenkins Last week gave us a bumper crop of good guessers No one hit less than 60 per cent of the winners and in nine cases were scores guessed exactly Marshall Richards made the highest percentage for the week anS the highest made for any week up to this time m guessing 17 winneis while missing five games The Michigafti Chicago was the only game which was gift to all who predicted the scores Notre Dame’s 14-7 win over Navy was easy, all but two peisons favoring the Irish and three persons predicting the exact score One “Disloyal” Only one student picked Michigan State over Purdue Everyone missed the Duquesne upset of Pittsburgh, while there were 30 fatalities on the New York U win over Carnegie Few guessed Penn over Harvard and Ohio State over Minnesota, while other decided favorites were Southern Methodist, Oklahoma, and Nebiaska Next to Richards in the peicentage column were Gar Johnson, J H Papurca, the perennial top flight guesser, Jim Walley and Bill Claik, who had 16 light Glen T Phillips, Phil Johnson, J R Ogden, R L Bailey, and Thomas Hobbs picked 15 winners Exact score guesseis weie B S Jackewicz, Bob Paetz, and Kenneth Walker, who hit the Notre Dame game right, Jim Kirsch, who guess ed Nebraska 20 0, Richards, light on Georgia Tech Vanderbilt and N01 thwestei n - Wisconsin i esults, Morgan L Miers, who picked the Washington Oregon State game light, and John Adamson, correct on Princeton’s win over Columbia Wild Ones A couple of guesses which weren’t exactly right prove inter esting because of their closeness to unusual scoies Kenneth E Walkei
Minnesota Loses First Home Game Since 1932
Michigan, Ohio State Keep Slates Clean; Remain At Top In Big Ten Title Scramble
Topped by Michigan’s unmerciful handling of Chicago, a great variety of scores marked last week end’s Big Ten football games. While Iowa took advantage^of an open date, all of the other conference squads were very much in action, although the Boilermakers were pitted against a non-conference foe. — Probably the game with the most
guessed 20-20 for the MinnesotaOhio State game which ended 23-20 in favor of the Buckeyes John L Traugott came closest on the Michigan game He figured that the Wolverines would edge the Maroons out 78-0 Even at that he was conservative Composite records up to this time including those made by persons who have contributed guesses for two or more weeks show J C Willsey and Phil Johnson \eading with an average of 623 Richards’ 619 IS next, and Papurca’s 617 fourth Papurca has guessed the most win ners during the four-week period, 50 There has been a tiemendous in Cl ease in the number of guesses sent week by week A flood of predictions, some typed, some printed on ballots clipped out of the paper (some torn out), and some written on scratch paper The Phi Delta Theta house sent in more than any other organization, and several of the members rated high in the le suits Where’s The Faculty We would like to see more faculty entries If students or faculty mem bers wish to be identified they may attach to the blank or to anofhei paper their title or afiiliation We hope to see more guesses this week, but we aie sure that we have a list of games which will spoil a lot of good records
For your GUESTS Remember to make a reservation in the UNION CLUB
Attractive modern rooms each equipped & with telephone and shower bath.
A quiet, comfortable, CONVENIENT LOCATION
Jhi ipuhdusL TTbrnifdaL lAnJmL
The Corner of the Campus^ Yet the Center of AcHvides
beanng on the Big Ten race was the Minnesota-Ohio State encounter, in which Francis Schmidt’s Buckeyes razzle-dazzled the'favored Gophers to win, 23 to 20, with the three-point difference resulting from a second quarter field goal off the toe of Charles Maag It was the first setback the Gophers had received on their home grounds since 1932 Michigan Wins Keeping in stride with the astonishing Buckeyes, Michigan shiedded the Maroon defense to bits by rolling up an overwhelming 85 to 0 score It was one of the biggest scores on Big Ten records, and their second and third teams scored touchdowns seemingly at will Northwestern’s down - trodden eleven finally came to life against Wisconsin in marking up their initial win of the season, 13 to 7. Both Oklahoma and Ohio State had previously suipiised the Wildcats, and soundly trimmed them lU Climbs To Third Bo McMillan’s surprising boys from Bloomington continued to prove themselves as a mild contender in the Big Ten race by snatching a 7-6 win from the Illini This enabled the Hoosieis to climb into third place in the standings, having already won more games than in last year’s entire season Minnesota’s defeat last week-end practically eliminated them from any cut in the championship, although they might further jumble the standing if they should remove the Wolverines from the undefeated list This crucial battle is scheduled for November H In the meantime Mal Elward’s squad should considei themselves favoied by not having to face Michigan and Ohio State However, the Boilei makers could not find much strongei foes than Northwestern, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Indiana with which to finish out the season, without mentioning the struggle to be staged against Santa Claia on the coast this Saturday The following is the standing in the Big Ten, including last Saturday’s ^ames
Michigan Ohio State Indiana Northwestern Iowa Purdue Minnesota Chicago Illinois Wisconsin
W 2 2 2 X 1 0 0 0 0 0
L 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 9
T 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0
/ETNA by LEE
THE Insured HAT
Becomingness you will ap preciale , quality you can depend upon, are yours with every AETNA HAT . insured by a hat policy that guarantees you a new hat free if you are not absolutely
satisfied.
$350'iStf! \ ' fi •‘if<
^ "iV •H<~^
*1? -if ^V « »- *
t I,
/
THE PURDHE EXPONENT
Tuesday. October 24. 1939
Knight To Address Honorary Meeting Di F B Knight, diiectoi of education and applied psychology, will speak at the open meeting of Kappa Delta Pi today at 7 30 p in in room 201 of the Education building All jumois and seniois in education are especially invited to attend and hear Di Knight speak on ‘Tiaining Teachei« at Puidue ”
Classified Ads FOR RENT FOR RENT—Nice modern single room Quiet 4‘’0 Evergreen Phone 56034
WAA Members Mass paity for mem lers Thursday at 7 p m in womens gym —WALKER
BE Juniors and Seniors Only members as of October 28 can be included in the AIEE Debris picture Sign up now ih the main office of the EE building —NITCHE
—‘BBaar
Kappa Delta Pi Open meeting Tuesday October 24 at 7 30 p m in room 201 Education building Dr Knight will speak Attendance compulsory Bring guests
—LILLY
ber 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men —DEAN OF MEN
Undergraduate Dames Rough initiation Tuesday Octobei 24 at 7 30 p m/ at 609 Lingle avenue —DEN/LER PIA Dance Class Class will be held on Tuesday and Thursday October 24 and 26 at p m in Memorial Gymnasium 1 —LUTZ
Alphd Zeta Regular meeting at 7 30 p m Wednesday October 26 in old Agri cultural room —HITCHCOCK
All Seniors If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if you want your picture in the 1940 Debris arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office second floor of Union (10 26) —WILLIAMSON
7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeurs, all sophomores Names onCe submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers iii Charge, named above Entries will be accepted in the order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received —PAULCONER
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges Meet at Sigma Chi fraternity promptly at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 24 for pledging —GRIBBS
Christian Student Fellowship Meeting in room G of the Union building on Monday evening October 30 at 7 30 Rev Ainslie will be the speakei —BURBRINK
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes standard and portable, sold purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 601 Mam Street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Black Schaeffer pen Name Warren Hickman engraved Return to west dc k Reward
LOST—Grey topcoat from Alpha Tau Omeca hou^e dance Saturday night Mowly in«ide pocket Reward
LOST—Black and white springer spaniel named Rip at Dad s Day game $5 00 re ward Jim Ashton 522o
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8pm
Agronomv Students Meeting in Reception room of Lnion at pm Thursday Oc tqber ->6 —FLANAGAN
Outing Club Hayride scheduled for Oc tobtr 2 Anyone desiring to go call George Shvwkins 66(14 or Marjorie Ward 41111 before Wednesday October 26 Detail later —"VijARD Glider Club Meeting Thursday October 26 at It p m in room C of the Union —MILLER Howitzer Squads The following juniors of Howitzer Squads will meet in room 202 (f the Armory at 4 p m Thursday Octo ber 26 for purpose of organization drawing up of schedules etc It is important that at least one of the two juniors in each squad attend this meeting Golding B and Aull L Hawker R E and Murray P C Teeter L V and Blakslee E L Bruck L W and Kratch H Carmichael C W and Klinker J E Siljander W A and Richardson F C Harvey H E and Slate F O Keane M E and Wheeler S "H For f irther details see bulletin board in Armory —PAULCONER Kappa Delta Pi Pledges Pledge exami nation at 6 45 p m Tuesday October 24 room 106 Education building Attendance compulsory —LILLY Sophomore Workers Browsing room staff meet in office Tuesday October 24 at 4 p m Those expected are Merrill Sauer Hayes Strange Bain Evans Kalina Me Daniel V Schaupp M Moon E Bromiley M Owens D Bibler J Stickrod and M Craig —HAMMAN Flying Club Meeting Wednesday October 26 at 7 p m in roi m C of the Union —KIMBALL
Weight Lifting Club Important meeting Tuesday October 24 at 7 p m basement of Fieldhouse —BRITT
Novice Pistol The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81 Students desiring to Are this course may sign in Supply room between 8am and 6pm —CAPT HOLMES
Military The following War Department training films will be shown on Friday October 20 and Tuesday, October 24 at 4 p m in room 104 Armory The Combat Engineei—4 reels—sound The Medical Regiment—6 reels—sound , The SOS of the Division—2 reels—silent These films are shown in connection with the course in tactics attendance optional —THOMPSON
Distinguished Howitzer Squad Ehtries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White at the Armory before 4pm Wednesday October 26 Each entry will list by name the Executive and Assistant Executive both juniors and the Chief of Section and Gunner, both sophomores It will also list but not necessarily by number in the squad
CE 41’ An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203, CE building,'’from 1 to 4 p m on Saturday, October 28 ■—GREVE Wesley Players Men are needed for production staff Students interested in staging call Walter Kcttenring 8436 those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey 2663 Women are needed for make up committee Call Marjorie Hoover —McFADDEN
Conditions in M E 31. An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p m Saturday December 9, 1989 Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2 1989 ai-2) —MESSERSMITH Mixed Recreation Every Friday night beginning at eight o clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen A variety of sports are offered including swimming Everyone welcome (10 27) —MATHER
Mechanical Engineering Students • All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941 are expected to take the senior engi neering inspection trip this fall (11 1) —YOUNG
All Military Students Those students who have not yet been able to procure military shoes may get same at Varsity Boot Shop next Tuesday morning October 24 —HOLMES
Modern Dance Junior dance group meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p m October 24 and 26 Senior dance group meets evtiy Friday October 27 at 4 p m —KNIGHT
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held Tuesday October 24 at 7 30 p m in the reception room of the Union There will be an important business meeting following —FRANTZREB
Gold Peppers Compulsory meeting Tues day October 24 at 6 p m in the Old Chestnut room of the Union Refreshments will be served —PETTIGREW
Cancellations Students who wish to can cel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday October 28 Can cellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments These cards must be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject is given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar s office Assignments may be cancelled without grade after Octo
Sernener M orkers Report to University Hall prompt! at the schceduled time Tues da\ Oct( ber ’4 at 8 a m Alexandei and Steffee at 9 a m Lilly and Finney at 10 a m Steffee and Finney at 11 a m Se s Mard and Flint —SPRINGGATE
Scabbard and Blade Shoit meeting at 6 30 p nj preceeding smoker on Wednes day October 2o Will continue important busine s of last session OLSON
PIA Men s Chorus Rehearsal night has been changed to Thursday at 7 30 p m in Tower loom No meeting tonight. -ARCHIBALD Independent Staff Meet in PIA office at 4 30 p m T lesday October 24 business and I ubl cation staffs only Circulation workers need not come —ARCHIBALD
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our dis cerning buyers They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street-
Phone 5372
Alpha 7efa Pledges Meeting Wednesday p m n Agricultural Office —MUMFORD Freshman Co eds All freshman co eds ho ha\e signed up foi Lodde Speech Con test report to room 201 English building at 4pm today Tuesday October 24 —McKNIGHT
Co eds All co eds interested in WAA archery tournament meet at lango at 4 o clock Thursday Octobet 27 or Monday October 30 —MOREHOUSE
Debns Photography Staff Important meeting in Debris office on Wednesday October 25 at 4 p m —DYER
Kappa Delta Pi Initiation of pledges at p m in room 105 of the Education building on Tuesday Octobei 24 An open meeting at 30 p m in room 201 will follow Attendance is compulsory for both pledges and actives —INCE
Agricultural Education Society All mem bers are urged to attend the oppn meeting of Kappa Delta Pi Tuesday October 24 at 7 30 p m in room 201 of the Education building Dr Knight is going to discuss Training Teachers at Purdue —BREWER
Triton You may pass off your test re quirements on Wednesday and Thursday afternoons October 2o and 26 from 4 to 4 30 p m in womens gym —SPEARS
Mortar Board Meeting in Grill at 11 45 d m Wednesday October 25 Bring money for jacket —SAURER
Pi Tau Sigma Actives Meet at Sigma Chi fraternity prompetly at 7 p m Tues day October 24 —GIBBS Horseback Riding Lecture on horseback riding in women s gymnasium Wednesday October 25 at 4 p m For those who can not attend the same lecture will be given on Thursdav November 2 —WALKER
Independent Co eds Last call out for workeis Tuesday October 24 at 4 p m in the PIA office All co-eds urged to attend —MYER
Pi Tau Sigma Actives Be sure to be at softball game with honorary members on Diamond 10 Wednesday October 26 at 4 P IV —HART Sportswomen Meeting Tuesday October 24 in WAA office at 5 p m Compulsory attendance —CLYMER
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
e School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
“DEAC" Everything for a College Education
e Hardware
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119V2 Vine W Lafayette Phone 4965 ^
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Florists
e Tailor
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phona 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts
e Dine
• jewelers
COME OVER' EAT AT ED & DICK S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Mam St
CAMPUS FASHIONS For the Co-ed who demands smartness in her most casual clothes— Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Provident Mutual Life Insurance Company of Philadelphia Announces the Appointment of Warren A. Beman, Purdue '40 As Special Representative in West Lafayette
T/ \pk
OffOCCO.. .Opens Doors
to Fields where People Live,W)rk & Achieve
oday there are about 1,000fiOO cigar stores, drug stores, country and grocery stores where you can buy cigarettes in the United States. These retailers, and the jobbers who serve them, have built up a service of courtesy and convenience unmatched by any other industry catering to the American public’s pleasurST"
Tf
[HERE ARE ANOTHER MILLION people who are engaged directly or indirectly in the transportation of cigarettes to every town, hamlet and crossroads.
I
T IS ESTIMATED that there are 1,602,000 tobacco farmers ratstng tobacco tn 20 out of the 48 states. Good tobacco ts one of the hardest crops to raise and bring to market, requiring great skill and patience from seed~bed planting to harvesting and curing. The modern tobacco farmer has done well the job of constantly improving the quality of his product.
T
LHE AVERAGE LENGTH of service of the 13,230 people working in the Chesterfield factories, storage houses, leaf-handling and redrying plants is over 10 years. This means that every step in the making of Chesterfields, regardless of how small, is handled by people who have had 10 years of experience and ability in
knowing their jobs.
Truly tobacco opens doors to fields where people live, work and achieve, and Chesterfield takes pride in its ever increasing part in this great industry that is devoted entirely to the pleasure of the American public.
Tc
-O SMOKERS, Chesterfield Cigarettes have always said, and now repeat, that in no other cigarette made can you find the same degree of real mildness and good taste, or the same high quality of properly cured and aged tobaccos. Chesterfield Cigarettes are made with one purpose only...to give smokers everywhere the MILDER, BETTER-TASTING SMOKING PLEASURE they want. You can’t buy a better cigarette.
MAKE YOUR NEXT PACK
Copyright 1959, LidoBrr & Myers Tobacco Co,
CHESTERFIELD
f
1,1