^ 4' , ' • iS" < ■/ ■ ' ! I ‘^''', , %f“'j) ’ , ■''' l/‘, ,■ r » * f ''■ f,< ^'- ’ ’-Vi,''" ,. I '' ^ » k , <
’ •" ‘'^{ -><r„
- '5 ^ . -'^r. ' f‘'.s;..''.:ii?isr'i
i I «,v^ i
ffm
r<
r
MERRY-GO-ROUI^D Discus^ses Length Of WAVES' Skirts
EDITORIAL Asks For Support In War Fund Drive
.!yj;^A^W4
^'•f , /u mf%
‘ /'V
- y:m. - , 4,\Ss;
.f-i
-
Established 1889
Finally A Name Band
Volume 56, No. 66
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, October 12, 1943
Ina Ray Hutton To Appear In Union October 22
Navy Opens Class SV-7
Drape, Adler Will Combine Talents ' Paul Drap.er, who dances with a style combining tap and ballet, and Larry Adler, who plays both classical and popular music on his harmonica, will comprise the artists appearing at the convocation Friday evening at 7:30 in the Music Hall. Praper and Adler first appeared together in 1934 in an act as rivals over a girl singer, Alice Dawn. Their public debut together though was in Chicago —
in December of 1940, each having gone his way during the years between their first meet-
ing.
Adler was born in Baltimore,
Md., and was discouraged at AC the piano when his teacher told * W CfffUlUCf ' Additional officer-candidates for With his harmonica, however, he ^p^eialized duties are needed in has proved othemise. After troup- ^ass SV-7 and V-7 of the Naval Being with vaudeville in this country, according to a letter from the he was signed by C. C Cochran, procurement i!,nglish impressario, and taken to Chicago London. This led to appearances ^ jj^^ited number of juniors and before audiences of England, Aus- ^oniors from accredited colleges traha. New Zealand, and other coun- ^^w enter the Navy in class SV-7 and V-7 through voluntary inBorn In Italy duction, providing they ai'e pursuDraper was born in Italy of ing either an engineering course or American parents who were them- a course leading to a degree with a Selves well-known. After an un- major in physics, mathematics, usual early life of either trying to electronics, or chemistry with congo to school as his parents wished siderable mathematics, or running away to shift for him- Allowed To Return To College keif, he developed his dancing to the Juniors or seniors accepted for extent that he clicked one night in enlistment in SV-7 or V-7 are furChicago. His style is individualistic nished a letter addressed to the in that he combines the classic with Commanding Office of the Armed, the popular. He has studied ballet Forces Recruiting and Induction along With the tap. Station who will assign the appliThe Music Hall doors will open at cant to the Navy as an apprentice 6:45 p. m., and admission will be by seaman, transferred to Class SV-7. passport. Union cards, season tick- He will then be placed on inactive ets, or single admission tickets duty and allowed to return to col-
which will be sold for $1.10.
New Male Orchestra To Play Three Hours Ina Ray Hutton, directing her new all-male orchestra, will appear in the Union Friday, October 22, from 8:30 until 11:30 p. m. Both ballrooms will be opened for civilians and service men, but for this dance there will be no stags. Miss Hutton’s all-male band succeeds her all-girl orchestra of last year, and when her new band made its debut at the — Hotel Astor in New York, it
Team shows terrific power iU ground defense as well as offense in Orumbling the Camp Grant eleven, 19-0. Playshop Puts Last Touches On Interpretation Of 'Hay Fever'; First Performance Will Begin At 7:30 P. M. Thursday
Senate Opens Tutor Service
lege in order to continue his studies toward the required degree. Students who have more than one term to complete in order to obtain their degree are eligible for assignment to a college conducting a V-12
program.
Lt. H. R. Evans, U.S.N. will be Student Senate has decided to of- in the Personnel Office, Executive fer tutor service for students who ^Building, fi’om 9 to 12 and 2 to 4 are finding difficulties in certain Thursday, October 14, to interview subjects. The Senate office in the interested juniors or seniors, who Union building will be open from should sign for the interview in the 4 to 6 p. m. on any week day eve- Personnel Office some time Tuesning, and those interested in this day or Thursday, service will be given information
upon request.
The standard rate for tutors is sixty cents per hour. The tutors provided ai’e themselves students, and the service is not under the supervision of-the teaching or admin-
istrative staff.
Biological Society . . . will hold an open meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. tomorrow, H. 0. Deay, secretary announced. G. M. Kirkpatrick of the University Forestry Department, will show several reels of film on wild life.
Foresters Will Hear Prof. Phillips Tonight Prof. Robert Phillips, of the history and government depai’tment, will speak tonight aU7:30 in room 115 of the Hor'ticulture Building to the Forestry Club on the chief points of scenic beauty in the
United States.
Phillips has traveled in many of the national parks and has made contributions to the American Dictionary of Natural History. The meeting is open to the public.
Engineer To Publish First Color Picture In Next Publication The first color photograph ever printed by the Purdue Engineer will be featui'ed in its October issue, which will come out October 12. The photograph will be a fourcolor plate of an oil well in Louis-
iana.
An article on “Photographing an Electric Spark,” written by Bradford Holland, a 16 year old freshman engineer, will be another of the Engineer’s features this month. Holland, son of Piofessor Holland of the Civil Engineering Department, did all the experimental work for the article in his own labora-
tory.
Feature On Organizations Among the special articles to be published in this issue are a series on men in the armed services, written by engineers in the armed services, a series on RCA, CurtissWright and Wright Field Cadettes, and a feature called “Campus Cross Chats,” made up of news from the various professional organizations, such as A.S.M.E. and A.I.E.E. Other stories in this issue will be one on the research being done in the M.E. Building in corrosion and another about the wartime activities of British Universities as compared with those of American Col-
leges.
Social Science Seminar . . . will hold its first open meeting of the Voar this evening at 7 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Dr. L. M. Sears will discuss the subject “Peace Organization Conflicts With Political Parties.”
Simplify Your Library Through Practice^ Use
Technique Of Library
By Geraldine Cue Although the University Library is arranged veiy systematically, it is sometimes difficult for freshmen pnd newcomers to find their way about the building. Here are some suggestions for using the library. The “Reserve Room”, which is on the left as one pikers the front door of the library, contains books that arc assigned by instructors for various classes. These books must be used in the library and can be taken out of the building for one night only. They must be returned by 8 o’clock the following morning. On the same floor with the reserve room are a study room, a newspaper room, and a student bulletin board. Learn To Use Card Catalogue The library loan desk is located on the second floor. Since most books are. kept in the stacks, to which undergraduate students are usually not admitted, the student
must look up in the card catalogue, the names, call number and author of the book that he wants, fill out a library slip and present it at the loan desk so that the librarian can get it for him from the stacks. In the card catalogue, opposite the loan desk, three cards are kept for each book, filed alphabetically by the author’s name, subject -matter, and title of the book. It is important that the prospective book borrower should copy correctly the call number of the book he desirds. It can be found in the upper left hand coiner of each card in the catalogue. The main reading room, at the left of the loan desk, is a large study room equipped with dictionaries, encyclopedias, biographies, collections of statistical material, yearbooks, and the Reader’s Guide. The latter lists all magazine articles that have been' published in recen't years. The articles are listed alpha-
betically according to the title of the article, after which are given the name and date of publication of the magazine in which the article''is to be found. Student Has Access To Fiction The libiary’s fiction collection, to which the student has direct access, is shelved along the west end of the main reading loom. Between the reading room and the loan desk is the magazine card file. Magazines are listed according to the title and date of publication. A library slip similar to that for books must be filled out in order to borrow magazines. Current issues of magazines are to be found in the Periodical Room, just off the main reading rooip. Through the week the University Library opens at 7:60 a. m. and closes at 10 p. m. On Saturdays, it closes at 6 p. m. and does not open until 1:30 p. m, on Sunday.
During the last few days everyone associated with Playshop has been dashing around madly, putting the finishing touches on their interpretation of “Hay Fever”, getting it ready for the first performance. The principal stumbling^ bloclr^at the present time is the fS^t that the costume crew has been unable to locate a flowing, frilled, and furbelowed negligee for Betty Wedge to wear. Anyone who knows of the whereabouts of such a garment is asked by Mary Lou Sternberg, stage manager, to call 4269. Wedge Takes Lead “Hay Fever” is essentially the story of a slightly insane family and their confused emotions. Judith Bliss (Betty Wedge) is the head of the family, and believes that, as Shakespeare says, ‘all the world’s a stage, and men are merely players,’ only she has cast herself in the role of leading lady. Soral Bliss (Jane Grimmer) and Simon Bliss (Art Barab), the children, spend their time illustrating how very abnormal their family is. The Bliss family individually invites a number of guests to their home without bothering to inform the others of it. Unfortunately the bewildered guests all arrive at approximately the same time, adding more confusion to the already unstable household. Unusual But Interesting Guests Sandy Tyrell (Lester Kessler) of the hot hands, is one of the guests who has distinctly wolfish tenden- ' cios. Richard Greatham (Lawrence Nielson) is a suave diplomat and David Bliss (Milton Kaplan) qualifies as a typical English writer. Another of the guests with an outstanding personality is Myra Arundel (Elaine Kail) who, to quote Coward, “uses sex as a shrimping net”. Clara (Pat Barnett), and Jacky Coryton (Sarah Andrew) complete the roster of guests. Cass Directs First Time On Campus Mr. Cass, the new director from the University of Wisconsin, is directing his first production on campus. He succeeds Mr. Ross Smith, who left to join the navy. Miss Elsi^ Yehling, also from the University of Wisconsin, as technical direptor is his assistant and supervises the set and props. They are assisted by the ciews composed of students such as props, make up, costumes, painting, lights, carpentry, business and publicity. “Hay Fever” will be presented Thursday at 7:30, Friday and Saturday at 8 p. m. in the Eliza Fowler Hall. On Sunday there will be a showing for service men only at 7:30 p. m. Tickets are now 76 cents for general admission. Rejected Love Notes Nurture Old Flame At eleven thirty Saturday nite the occupants of second fioor Wood were rudely aroused from their beauty sleep by a shiny led fire engine which raced screaming down the hall to extinguish the huge conflagration that blazed in the smoker. It was revealed by the fire commissioner that some arsonist had fired the wastebasket with a big black cigar.
Shreve To Present Junior Honorary Key At Smoker Tonight American Institute of Chemical Engineers will hold a smoker tonight at 7:30 in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building. It is the first meeting of the
year.
Professor R. N. Shreve will present a key, in accordance with an old custom, to the junior with the highest scholastic average for the first two years. While academic achievement is of great importance, personality and extra curricular activities will also be considered. The principle attraction of the program will be a movie showing the phases of the manufacture of gasoline from the well to the finished product at the large refineries. A Walt Disney cartoon will also be shown. Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school, and Prof. Shreve, faculty sponsor, will give short talks. The organization is one of the oldest on the campus. Refreshments 'will be served during the program. Relations Club To Hear Talk Alegandro Martins of Montevidoe, Uruguay, will speak at the International Relations Club Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the lounge of the IJniversity Church. Senor Maj.'tins will speak to the IRC regarding the political history of Uruguay. His country, although smaller than most South American nations, is among the most progressive. The son of a prominent rancher, he is now finishing his second year at Purdue, having attended a Uruguayan University before his arrival here. Dr. H. N. Kohnke ... of the University Agriculture department, has been named soil scientist in the Agricultural Experiment Station and associate professor of soils in the Agriculture School, Dr. Kohnke has been at the University doing research work for the past four years. He holds his MA degree from Alberta University and his doctorate from Ohio State University. M. A, Weckerly . . . graduate of the University in 1916, has been featured in a recent series of industrial advertisements carried by business papers for the Toledo Scale Company. Weckerly is director of research, and is given credit for developing weighing devices vital to the war effort. His improvements are used to weigh more quickly and accurately the ingredients that go into explosives.
Debris Executives To Hold General Callout Tomorrow Debris, the University yearbook, will hold its callout for freshmen and sophomoi-e workers in room 319 of the Union tomorrow at 4 p. m. All stq.ffs will be repi-esented at this general meeting and, after the executives of the various branches explain their separate fields, the group will be split into three divisions for further instructions. Eb Neese, editor of the Debris, will represent the editoriak^taff. The photography staff is headed by Ray Schnider, who will take charge of those students who are interested in any phase of photography work. The business staff will be represented by A1 Gramlich, the business manager. Service Men Wanted It is urged that service men particulax’ly respond to the general callout as the book will be very largely devoted to the various branches of the armed forces located on campus. All Navy and Marine V-12s and AST men are eligible. Since a large .portion of the book is to be about the service men stationed on the campus, it is hoped that they will help to make this year’s annual the type of book that they would want if they were on the staff of the year book at their former Alma Mater. Work will begin immediately after the callout for the publication which is to come out in June, 1944. The present plans for the book call for at least as large, or perhaps larger edition than the issue which came out in August. In it will be included a senior section which will contain the pictures of all the civilian students who will receive degrees in the next calendar year, and all service men who will receive their degrees from the University in the same period of time. If the proper permission is granted, there will be a section devoted to the living quarters of the service men and group pictures of the various sectiops^and companies. As usual there will be the fraternity, sorority, and residence hall divisions. Rapid Chances For Advancement Since there are not many students on campus who were workers on the staff last year, there is an excellent chance for advancement to a junior position. And an activity gives an opportunity to meet the other students on the campus and to find out what is going on throughout the
school.
The Debris offices are located in the Union in rooms 315, 316, and 819, and the dark rooms are in rooms 39 and 42 of the sub-base-ment. All work such as planning, story writing, photography, covers and organization of the book is planned by the staffs. University Club Holds Reception Last night the University Club held a reception for all new members at 8:30 in the Union. Dinner for the members preceded the program. Following the dinner, music for dancing was provided by Glen Wright and his orchestia. Professor and Mrs. Fred Allen were in charge of bridge playing and the iiiusic was in charge of Professor and Mrs. Gordon H. Graves. \ Exponent juniors Meeting will be held at 7:30 p. m.* Wednesday, (Jet. 13, in the Exponent office for all juniors on editorial staff. Important that all be there. —TYSON
\
broke the season’s record for dinner and supper diners. She gives as her reason for the switch, “Although a girl band was easier to look at, the allmale band is easier to listen to.” One of the top female orchestra leaders in the country, Ina Ray has chestnut hair, blue eyes, is 5 feet 3 inches, and weighs 108 pounds. Miss Hutton’s psychology toward leading a band is simple. The way to keep fans is to be especially nice to the women. “A girl batoneer can be pleasant to the men, but she had better be sure to play to the women, instead of their escorts.” After all the woman usually choo^s the place where she wants to dine with her date. > Senate Begins Sale Of Lost And Found This Afteroon At 3 The Lost and Found departnfient of the Student Senate will begin sale of all the unclaimed articles in room 257 of the Union at 3 this afternoon. The articles have been accumulating since last December and now total approximately five hundred articles. Included in the aimay are raincoats, topcoats, 50 pairs of gloves, 70 scarfs, a leather military belt, slide rules, note books, and a number of compacts. The committee, headed by A1 Lindskoog, has placed an arbitrary price, far below actual value, on all articles to be sold. Any building custodians on the campus “which have not had their articles collected should notify the Senate immedi-
ately.
Discouraged AST P's Discard AWS Hopes Three discouraged AST’s were holding a conference in the second floor corridor of the Union. “Here we thought service men were being welcomed to take part in all campus activities, so we went out for an activity, and look what a cold welcome we got, ‘they complained bitterly. It seems that they were excluded from the organization to which they had so gallantly offered their services on a mere technicality. Service men, in fact, men, are not welcomed into the ranks of membeiship. The activity was AWS. Mudball hey there clarence i just read that the Spanish ate dogs and cats when there was no meat during their recent civil war i guess that dead dog i saw yesterday behind the pharmacy will come in handy as a table tidbit for the a, n. and m. —MUDBALL
Theta Chi
/
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Tom Dowell, McKinney, Texas; Bob Plevo, Chicago; Don Anderson, La Grange, Illinois; Ait Hylton, Centerville; Bob Lederer, New York City; Marc Ogden, Downeis Grove, Illinois; Dick Blank, Michigan City; Carl Hershey, Alton, Illinois; Jack Altherr, Kokomo. V-12, A-12 Applicants A pamphlet giving complete information concerning the V-12 and A-12 qualifying examination, to be held at the University in November, may be obtained in the Personnel Office in the Executive Building.f%*’ f ^ iiii s
Pag& 2
Purdue E^ponetit
Tuesday, October 12, 1943
Purdue Exponent
combined with
Piirdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 S(>orts, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Business Manager . News Edittir Martapinp Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murpbj Mary Dilti .....William IJ. Tysor. Carolyn Willnu Kavmonci J. Smith, Russell M. Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff , Associate Editors: .Tack AbkcU, Rulli M. Ford, Madelyh A. r.TPfnos. .Tames T. Rich.ardson, Marirarel V. tflellcs, Jamet Ackerman.
Business Staff
Advertising ManaRCr: C. I.. Gaunt. Assistant Adycriisinfr ManaRcr: Betty Maney. Circulation Manattcr: K. G. Saiiernian.
Staff For This Issue Niaht Editor: Grotnes Day Editor: Abbott Citv Editor: gtetfes Issue Editor: Garrett Sports Editor: W. Garber Keporlcrs: Yarear, AspiTyrr. TTonbam, AKpc?rr:cson, B. Grepory, GeorBi.sou, Ober, Stcinberp. Wriplit. Simons, B. Garber, Black. Tucsber.p. „ Staff Photosrraphcr: \V. C. Toibcr
■Entered as Second class matter at tbo Bdst oiTice in^Lafayctle, Indiana, under tlie act of Conpress of March, o, 1879, and at tho special rate of postapo provided for in section 1103, act of Oclolicr 3. 10.17. antliorized .lanuary 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thur.sd.ay and Saturday mornmEa durinp the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for J],20 for a semester; by mail for ?1.60 for a Fcmcslor. Subscript.inny bo obtained at the Exponent
office or at the West Desk of tlie Union.
Represented for national advortisinp by National Advertisinp Servied, Inc., Cnllepo, Publishers Representatives, 42U
Madison Ave., New York, N. Y^.
By DREW PEARSON Tipe Output Lags Despite Ample Synthetic Supplies; Promotion Refused To Spanish Vet Over ORay
A Needy Cause
Deserves Your Support
Someday in the course of the next two, weelus every person in Lafayette, West Lafayette and Tippecanoe County Avill be faced with the propo.silion of making a contribution to the WAR FUND. Thi.s fund i.s being collected for the use and .support of practically ever/ social w’elfare organization on record that is known to be genuine and worthwhile. Chief among the.ge or.ganizations are, nationally, the USO, the United Seaman’s Service, the war prisoners aid, and fourteen different funds or agencie.s dedicated to helping the destitute refugees in forei.gn countries. The Tippecanoe County War Fund covers more localized pro.iects in addition to the national agencie.s mentioned above. The more important of the county agencies which will receive a pavt of the money solicited are the Y. M. and the Y. W. C. A., Boy and Girl Scouts, ■the Sah'ation Army, the Flower Mission,, the Lincoln and the .south end community centers, and the local USO. Each one of these organizations i.s familiar to the resident.s of Tippecanoe County and some of them have been used more than once by students of the University. All of these welfare organizations have proved in past years their worth in their own field of work, whether it be taking care of the poor or providing needed recreation and leadership for; the young people of the locality. In previous years each of the various Serv-, ice Agencie.s did its own soliciting, but this year the soliciting is all going to be done in one campaign, by one gi’oup of workers. This combination means that there wdll be great saving of time and money, on the part of the solicitors. It also means that each person will be asked to give only once instead of three or four limes as in the past. Each of us .should remember that fact when we give, and give three or four times as much to the War Fund as we did to each individual agency Which contacted Lks ia.st j'ear. The quota for Tippecanoe County, which includes Lafayette and West Lafaye»tte,. has been placed at one hundred and twenty-six thousand, one hundred and twenty-one dollars.' Sixty-nine thousand of these dollars will go for national war relief including the national USO. Fifty thousand of these-dollars ai'e to be spent oir the home fi'ont, and six thousand of these dollars will be put aside for the use of the , local USO: Remember That there are four thousand .boys J'roni 'rippecanoe County in the armed forces, some already in the thick of the fight, others working to get there as soon as possible. ’J’hese four Ihou.sand have placed in the hands of the men and women, young and old, who are here now to keep the home front worth 'j lighting for, Those among the four thousand who left dependents behind when the war came ai'e expecting lho.se dependents to be well taken care of. This War Fund has been organized to preser\'e all of the things that the nation is fighting for. Our fighting force.s, our fighting allies, and oui- home front nil expect u.s to keep in the fight by gi\ing as much a.s we can.—e.ra.
WASHINGTON—Big Bill Jeffers has left town, giving the impression that all is well with rubber, but the ’ pinch in production of new synthetic rubber tires has ? already begun. , ■ i Jeffers did not, disclose that actual production of ■ tires is falling 50 percent behind schedule. The synthetic rubber is coming out in good quantity, but the job of converting that rubber into tires is lagging dangerously. ■ ! Exact figures cannot be'"disclosed for reasons of se- > curity,' but officials here do not conceal the fact that i the production of tires, .month'' by month, ;is only 60 ■ to 60 percent of the estimates of the Rubber Director’s |
Office.
Syilthetic rubber began coming put of .the.factories i around Jan. 1, and all new tires for civilian purposes | have been made of wholly synthetic rubber since the ’j first of April. ' . But there are severe .shortages of fabric material, | tire-making equipment, and manpower. These shortages, rather than rubber, are holdipg back new, tires This is why OPA has denied most motorists .the 1 right to buy neiv tires. Until a few days ago, anybody | who drove as much as 241 miles a monthTonly 3,miles a day) could get a certificate for a new tire if an old tire wore out. '* , , Now the figure has been upped to 601 miles a moirth. This means that 75 percent of the U. S- cars will be eligible for only “grade three’ or used tires. Dealers today have “working inventories” of new tires amounting to only one million, as against a desired figure of four million, and a normal peacetime figure of 16 million. NOTE: Most serious is the truck tire situation. Current requirements call for 750,000, new truck tires per mouth, but spokesmen for the industry warn that not more than 300,000 should be expected.
By Jack Abbett
Marshal Kesselring, commander of all German forces; iii;,;blae , south Of Ikiy, -is slowly being driven, back, by , the Ani$ridan fifth and British eighth armies, j^t-with this retreat fKdpel: ring is getting into the German conimand area of ' MarB'hal Rommel, Who was appointed Uy Hitler to take chargef^'Ml German defense preparations in the PG,Riv^y'valley. Bpth,j0f
these,then are the jbittei’est enepiesy.and itvwpuld not be
surprising to see some show of ■ their feelings before they are The Ohio State Lantern is'ihau-
bqthi or individually, driven g^urating a service men^s All
from: their chosen battle fields. The hate that these two men bare for each other may be one pf the deciding factors in the eventual de-
feat of their forces.
The Germans, always on the alert to find new ways for killing their
six men who reported to the phllo.bt have had previous jourrialistjc, I experience, being various kinds .df^edi-
tors of several papers.
_E-P— '
Prom the same sourpe k'-fbund an item concerning the attitude of coeds toward ASTP men stationed at the university. “Seems as'if these
enemies, have found a very effective sonip of the uppeirclasb .way of stopping the allied magnet- .^^men to come off their high-hoTfe
ic mine locaters. This new type mine is made with out the use of any metal, thus rendering allied mine locators useless because they ope^
and say ‘hi’ to the uniforms,”:,says
the Lantern. -E-P— . ■
Coeds at the University of Wash-
rate only When in the presenbe of giatea-oVer the return of
ASTP-ROTC men to the campus,
1 insisted .qheTleurnTh^, piano; itTl mew, ^ lot, tp bp ^bie: to to her husband, later, that. she.had to'give up a career to get
metal. American and British field
officei s ha-v.e repoi ted that they have However, their return does lost a considerable number of men nothing to brighten the Hyes of nayy
University Calendar ‘fuesday/October 12
Capital Chaff Governor Tom Dewey, diriing the other day with ex-Congressman Ruth Pratt of the Standard Oil millions, reaffirmed that under no circumstances would he run for the presidency. ... John PI. Perry, the Florida publisher, had to fill out no less than 11 forms in an effort to try to buy a dump truck for his Kentucky farm. But though the truck had awaited a customer for two years and the tires were deteriorating, the local OPA board said “No.” Finally, Parson Albion Arnold, for whom Perry is rebuilding a Baptist church, threatened to denounce the board from his’ pulpit. It looks as if Perry would now,get the dump truck.. . . The American Red Cross has received many indignant letters saying Mrs. Roosevelt had .no right to wear a Red Cross uniform on her South Pacific trip; also claiming the ARC was playing politics by sponsoring the First Lady’s jaunt. . . . To this the Red Cro.ss replies: (1) It did not pay Mi’.s. R’.s expenses; (2) She had every right to wear a Red Cross uniform, having been an active, canteen worker in, the last war and Honorary Chairman of the National Committee on Yolunteer Service in this war, to say nothing of contributing a large monthly check sent to ARC; {3) Red Cross Chairman Norman Davis asked Mrs. R. to visit American hospitals in the South Pacific.
4:30 P, 6:30 P. 7:00 P. 7:00 P
7:00 P
4:00 P. 7:00 P, 7:00 P. 7:30 P. 8:00 P
M. Tau Beta Pi Meeting....;... ;.. .,.:.Bo.o.in..30,3,. Union M. Alpha kappa Lambda Meeting...;........... .Room 302, Union M. Social Science Seminar' ;........'..West Faculty Lounge, Union M. Lambda Chi Alpha Meeting..; .......Room 305, Union Wednesday, October 13 i M. Phi Kappa psi Meeting - Room 303, Union Thursday, October 14 , M. Committee on State of University.. ..Room 263, Union M. American Chemical Society....Room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall M. Girl Scout Executives........ .............Room 2.61, Union M. Playshop, “Hay Fever” ;... Eliza Fowler Hall .M. Society of Professional Engineers ..Room 263, Union
by this new Nazi mine, and have as yet found no solution to its devastating effect. Germany by the in-^ vention of this, new land mine seems determined. to fix up . as many dio-
bolical death traps as possible in a , , . , .
. vain attempt to stop the steadily advancing enemy on both the Rus
sian and Italian fronts.
—X.X—
and marine trainees stationed thei^.
■ —E-F—
At the same university, so reports the Daily, coeds are seeing something besides the traditional pink
est story is one about finding rabbits running around the flagpole on
misty mornings.
WBAA Schedule
Tuesday
The Russian army,, after being stalled by the Kiev defenses, has begun to move forward again. The recent reports from Moscow have the Russians on the outskirts of the great industrial city. But it might be a long time before the Germans decide to turn in flight as they did so beautifully- a few weeks ago. The German forces are getting closer to home, thus shortening their own line^ and making it a much easier matter for the Russians to carry out large scale raids against the eastern industrial' centers of Germany and East Prussia.
gal is no-w going to join the ranks off the United -Nations who gre incidently trying to rid the world of dictators. We certainly are collecting a strange set of bed fellow^, .
11:3011 .-soil 12:561:00-
WAVES' Ski'rfs
How long should be a WAVE’S skirt?^ This is a major policy question now being- debated in the Navy. The above-knee-:length—or shortness—of women’s skirts in civilia-n life makes the WAVES feel out of the mode wearing skirts half way to the ankles. So they have thumbed through the book of-regulations
and found a helpful phrase.
The book says their skirts must be of “conventional sweep and length.” But the modern convention is shorter than what they are wearing, so out comes the needle and thread, and in goes a broad hem. Of course, they realize that in training schools, where they march in company formation, the skirts must be of uniform length, to give an even hem line for the whole company. This is awfully hard on some girls, who have to wear their skirts lower on the leg than others, just for the sake of the hem line. But after school, on separate assignments, uniformit;y doesn’t matter so much, and the ladies of the Navy are taking matters into their own hands, to dress
a la mode.
•Washington Labyrinth This town is so lull of people that yo.u sometimes see Washington chasing its owiFtail to-catch'up with itself. Here is a case in which one agency, looking for an official in another agency, had to call the official’s wife back home to find out what Washington office he
The official is D.'E. Shoemaker, of the Office of the Petroleum Administrator for War. An official of WPB wanted to-get in touch with him, and called PAW information, to ask for his office number. . PAW said no D. E. Shoemaker worked there; they had never heard of him. So WPB tried Interior Department, since the offices of PAW are located in the Interior Department Building. But Interior had nothing to offer except a Shoemaker who had resigned several years ago. In desperation, WPB sent a telegram to Shoemaker’s home ill' Longview, T^xas, got a reply by wire from his wife, saying, “You can find my husband in room 6041, New Interior Building.” So WPB sent a messenger for him, and found,him there, working for PAW.
9:5510:05-
-News -Smile Time -Listen While You Work -Music, -Purdue News -News -Farm Forum -Meet the Band -News . -Homemaker’s Club of the Air ■-Music -Adveiituies in Research -Markets -News -Story a Day -Music -Treasure Chest -News '-■ -Afternoon Melodies -Musical Varieties -Music -News , -Tea Time Times -Just Relax -Just Relax -News -Little Miss Muffett -Vespers -Music . -A Minute of Prayer -Dinner Hour -News -Between the Headlines -Food for Thought -We Have Met The Enemy -Report To The People -News—Dramatized -Avard Mitchell-piano -Parade of Business -From, The Press Box -Eventide Echoes -Neiyp , -Musicana -Anything But Swing -From the Press Box -News, -Off the air
Companies sctieduled to visit the campus: General Electric Co., Schenectady, N. Y.—October 22. Interested in Ciiemists, Ch.E., M.E., C.E., E.E. Shell Development Co., Emeryville, Cal.—-Date to bo announced. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., C;E., E.E-
Ingersoll-Rand Company, New’ York—Date to be announced. Interested in M.E., E.E. Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken, N. J.—October 25. Interested in ME, EE.
E. I. duPont dc Nemours & Company, Richmond, Virginia—Saturday, October 16. Interested in Ph. D. Chemists, Ch. E.
Allied Chemical,& Dye Corporation, New York,—October 14. Interested in Ch.E., Chemists, (B.S.) Merck & Co., Inc.; Rahway, N. J. —Interested in Chemists, Ch.E. General Aniline & Film Corporation, Easton, Pennsylvania—October 26. Interested in B.S., Ph.D. Chemists. ■
—X-X— Portugal pi’esented a very interesting problem to the Allies in the last war. At the beginning of the Avar the German ships that were still on the high seas took shelter in Portuguese ports. The Portuguese thought these ships were very good prizes and after much hunting found an old treaty , of mutual assistance with England made around 1500. This was brought forth as bait and the Portuguese joined the side of the Allies with a big German merchant fleet as the prize. It seems to he the same case today. The Portuguese have in late 1943 finally seen the way the war is turning, and have- decided to change bandwagons before they get turned under by the the present time the dictator of might of the United Nations. Up to Portugal has been a strong supporter of Hitler and Mussolini. Portu-
Q ne Q Sandwiclies for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Sfeak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
Spanish Discriminat'ion
SeAvIdL. SiAipttA.
Lieut. Robert A. Luthi
. . . University, graduate.from the M. E. School in ’42, on duty with the First Infantry Division in Africa, was ^recently decorated with the Silver Star for gallai/try in action. , 4
Fair-minded Assistant Secretary of War Jack McCloy has tried to rectify the Army’s former unfair discrimination against youngsters who fought in the Spanish Civil war, many of them barred from either commissions or combat service. However, there is
.still room for improvement. '
One Spanish vetei'an is Robert Thompson, who commanded a company ot Loyalist troops in Spain. Enlisting after Pearl Harbor, he went to the South Pacific where he was cited for bravery by MacArthur. Thompson, only a sergeant, recommended a plan by which his, company could cross a stream in the face of enemy fire. J he jdan was for Thompson to sM'im the stream pulling a rope after him, and then use the rope to .steady the. other men as they crossed.- The jjlan was siiccesstid and the Jap.s were routed. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Wedne.sday 10:30—News , , 10:45—Morning Melodies 11:00—“World Politics” Prof. R. Phillips 11:50—-Purdue News . 11:55-—News , 12:00—Farm Forum 12:30—Meet the Band 12:55—News 1:00-—^^Home Maker’s Club of the
Air
1:15—Music
1:80—Parent’s Forum
1:45—Markets 1:55—News
2:00—'Story a Day 2:15—Treasury Star Parade
2:30—Music
2:46—Radio Camera Club
,2:55—-News
3:00—Lee and Her Piano 3:16—Lest We Forget
-Musical Varieties
-News
Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax
4:45—News
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; howevqr, they are interested in students for employment: - The Standard Oil Company of Ohio, Cleveland, Ohio—Ipterested in M. E., Ch.E., E.E., Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 16. Phelps Dodge Copper Products Corporation, Inca Mfg. Div., Fort Wayne, Ind.—Interested in chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 16. ,, .. . li. C. A. Manufacturing, Company, Bloomington, Ind. — Interested in ME, EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday; O.ctofcer 13. S. F. Bower & Co., Ipc., Fort Wayne, Ind.—Interested in M,E. Sign by October 16. Naval Research Laborat-ory, Washington, D. 0. Interested in E. E., M.E., physicists. Sign by October 16.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Retbr-ds (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) instruments arid Accessories instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
;00—iLittle Miss Muffet ;45—Sports. Review Minute of Prayer :01—Dinner Hour :55—News - -Plaiis For Peace -Music . ■Ruth Ralston-singor •Music , - •Dramatized News
3i664:00-
;00-r-Scientific News ;16—Ed Mepi'mer-piano ;30—Music • - :45-:.-Eventide Echoes i55—News, 00—Musicana 30—Anything But Swing 05—-Off the air -
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
MARS
TODAI and TOMORROW
Rithonl AilWfy Pfltrida DANE- SamlfVENE , “
Thurstbn NAtl Lena HORNE Hozei SCOTT
Screen Ploy by Sig Horzig ond Prod Snidy
TODAY - TOMORROW
HAPPIEST ENTERTAINMENT YOUWE EVER SEEN!
HUMPHREY BOGART EDDIE GAHT6A BEHE DAVIS > OUVjA;(lBHAVItU^q./ ERROL FlYNN^JOHN fiARFIELD^JOAW lESUE IOALDPINO*WMDRGAHy:c ANN SHERIDAIf^DIHAH SHORE«ALE](IS SMITH
03iQrQ;(,
.iih GEORGE TOBIAS ■ JACK GARSOH' ALAN RAU EammmEnmmusiim-MmmM, cirtcKitrOAVIO BUTLER'SPIKE JONES iail.tls oinstiOKERr’'
'On Sate AnTL^bhyl
ii'JTU -VI
-
-Jim1 ■If
m
W^:;.
. ■^'.V•:■■W■;•:i■;V.;..^■ ': ■■ ',>; ’,■ ■■ ■.:'■ '^v ^ ■'■ "
■ ■;;■
. [ i,/. A
For S^Mce Men^ By Beirmce Jfleia
PamB
:.; i A s)kin cream that offers protection a^gainst one'^of sea warfare’s d'eaihiest hazards—flash burns—-has been developed by Me^ipal kesearch Institute, the Athens Pre-Flight
ie priSpar^tipn, aire distributed throughout the ■fl^itif^r tests under battle conditions, can..withstand bwrus of Ijrnore than iOOO degrees centi- ..i,. nm. .
aJble to lyiock out ta;nks miie.s
, It ,is, of the . consistency of away, the News reports. iCOldcsream,;but.battleship gray Odds and ends: Biggest news at
, in color.' iVn ounce and a half, Oamp MeCoy, and comprehensibly
Slheiared across the hands, reveille has been pushed jand forearms, offers suf- up from 6 to 6:30 ... An awful soprotection for those parts. cial error occurred at Mitchell Field .v.^ash toroe are a by.product of during Joe Louis’ recent visit there ieicplosive blasts. Even if a man is » • , -.l- , .hoi hit by fragments from a burst- sparring exhibitions. SJgt. ,ipg; shell, h«^ may suffer terrible Geoi'F® Nicholson, his perennial ■bh^ns-from the resulting flash, or sparring mate, knocked, him down. fb.ekt wave- accompanying the de- George protested almost apologetitoftatioh. cally that hC had not knocked the ; The gtycracker notes that in the champ down with a punch, but that :iN««''y, ahd Marine Corps, such burns he had caiight Joe off balance and rtthk second only to gunshot and pushed him. Incidentally, the tou* fragmentation wounds as a cause was a huge success, if reports from of battle casualties. over forty camps Lpuis visited mean 'dial's anything. .He drew huge, enthusiasT . ■ r ■■ • • • crowds everywhere . . . Ft. Sam More comfort for travelling sol- Houston’s Blazon comes up with a dicrs=toM:reSultfrGmanew ty^^^ first—and a very nice one. Seven of troop -cars recently pi-eviewed hundred and. fifty local GIs were and. due f,oi actiye service within dancing with two hundred and fifty .three months, according to the Ft. jocal belles at a Service Club affair .Ouster. News.. when the blackout sirens started .... The new sleeper, designed espe- .blowing. It was impossible to get ciklly for the Army, replaces the old shades up, so the dance continued two. lower and one upper—or day a blacked^out affair-^to the huge c^O^h if you re out of luck altogeth- delight of all concerned, except, er—with triple deckers. maybe, the chaperones . . .The 803rd , During the day, the berths swing gig^al Training Co. at Ft. Mon•pyer to one side of the car as seats, niouth has a unique claim to fameJadh section has a built in weapons the only Company Z in the business. ;ra^k, and each car a wash room and jt seems the outfit just growed and
Votes In First
fountain.
growed, and before they knew it
; ^hree hundred carriers are due in there they were . . . Latest warning fpf. Ip.l';.,,,. to service men, from the Scott Field R^tiiember . .. Broadcaster: A new dodge in selling’ ‘‘keme^r your ground forces subscriptions to magazines is hiring training, take it seriously—it will P^e^fy girls to.go into a mild flirt .Jicip. keep your, skin whole,” is the with soldiers on the-street and lead -message coming .back from soldiers PP^° dotted line i . . ,who fought in North Africa and are MisCellaiieOUS . . . nO|V ip Italy. Remember “See Here, Private , . It IS reported, significantly, by „ o „ n. • j ,1 a T , A A - X, TAf Hargrove? ’ Its a movie now, and the Jackson Army Air Base News, ,, r, ...t a t • , j . : the Ft. Smith Armodier runs an m- . .A_i ema . ^ ^ n i terview with Capt. Edward J. Flynn, Quoting Lt. Col. Robert L. Cook, . v. . , ^ , , i . ■ . . technical director, to point out a returning to AGF headquarters , ..i. j-ir i.,. r J, , A. -A, Ai Tx-A-Ai couple of the differences from the
from a tour of duty with the Fifth ,
.Afni^ it noted several cases where
old basic training lessons, well re- The hero goes through his ba.sic .membered, successfullly carried i" exactly one half hour for a new Americans through long stretches low, Capt. Flynn reports. ,of open ground swept by enemy ma- Use of a 105 in action brings forth chine gun fire. another Hollywood improvement— Col. Cook’said that a combat the gunner doubles as number 6
unit’s success depended largely on
the extent ? to which men remem- Where Capt. Flynn put his foot bCfed the primary lessons of their down however, was on some script flrit few months of active service, writer’s extra cute motion—to show V^4»a'nir%n trainees falling down in a dead neW,.TT^.a,pQn . . . faint—after 16 minutes of calisA new angle fn coast artillery fire tbenics. Even Beers and Hanniford
is reported by the . Keesler Field • News—use of a 155 mm. gun mounted bn a tank chassis, with its fife ditected from aircraft. It can fpitbh- shells ten miles. Even with a smhlier weapon, the 116, mounted op an M7 chassis, the British have
don’t get that kind of result.
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
KEEPS HAIR MANAGEABLE/ Mh, lustrous and delightiuliy fragrant. '’Plaslic-Misl", the smart set lor your hair, — marvelous, new perfumed Hair Dress by L'OpLf) Apply it lightly with hand or atomizer tb keep your hair manageable — softly srnooth, j lustrous and fragrantly deodorized, — without ^ stickiness or stiffness . . won't have that hard, ^ lacquered look, because "Plastic-Misl'' con- ^ tains no lacquer*T. 3 distinctive L'ORLE fragrances . 2 oz $1
It’s too sophisticated, soldiers like us to wear simple clothes, you know. Lexers To The Editor Dear Physiology Department: This is not intended as a reproach, for we do sincerely appreciate your loan of one of the members of your staff for “Khaki on the Kampus”. Meaning, of course, Ernest the skeleton. May we say in our defense though that Ernest was retui’ned to his poor quarters in the Physiology Department last Friday afternoon. • Likewise, we are not so sure that —to quote your letter—“he will be much happier” there. From all that we could tell, Ernest greatly enjoyed this fling ,at life backstage, and had a rattling good time. Even after “K on the K”, he was seen showing his teeth in a continual grin, obviously happy at the change. If you had spent the last years of your “life”—and we trus't you have not^as Ernest has, east as a physiological exhibit, showing only to students “boning up” for tests, looked upon definitely aa a “has been’’; you too would be thrilled to your very marrow (if he has any left), at a Music Hall appearance and a home there for awhile. To clinch the argument — not a word of protest did we hear from Ernest! Anyhow, thanks for loan. T/SGT. JERRY KOETTING. \ Buy War Bonds
AST Patter By T/6 Morris Better 'SOMETHING AMISS ,, ■ It’s not a simple matter to get irked with an organization like the Red Cross. However, until there is more enlightenment forthcoming from the local unit, A bit of irritability in their direction will not be entirely arpiss. It was hoped there’d be, instead of this semi-tirade, news of the arrival of the blood ddnor unit in Lafayette and how service men on the campus who wished to donate could make arrangements to do so. The donor unit will be here.next week, but you and I aren’t going to be able to contribute. Blood, oddly enough, is to be accepted only from a limited number of patriotic citizens. The mobile unit of the Red Cross Blood Donor Service has been coming to Lafayette at three-month intervals so that the locaLcitizenry, too, might make contributions. There is unquestionably a great deal of work connected with the arrival, setting up and operation o|, such a unit—more than we can perhaps realize or appreciate. The methods by whkh the Red Cross operates such, a unit today are, undoubtedly, the outgrowth of experience gained from earlier visits here and in other Indiana towns. The efficiency that has resulted, however, is hardly a testimonial to democratic procedure. One could disregard, if, he wished, the fact that there are over 3,0.00 service men on the campus—more than half of whom would he happy tO; donate their pint—and still recognize that an injustice is being done to .95 percent of the civilian populace. According to existing arrangements only 500 pints;are to be asked for in Lafayette. BUT THE 500 ARE A'LjREADY SELECTED! Inadverantly or otherwise, this branch of devotion and duty to nne’s country has become a closed corporation. Only a select few, an inner sanctum of notables and people mth prestige and influence in the community are considered. Like an exclusive club, there IS a waiting list on which you, theoretically, may be included for possible membership but there is also a PREFERRED list which, even with some sandwiching, eliminates the possibility of your being called on for a long timte to come—six months if you’re optimistic; a year if you’re realistic.
After a hectic •week of balloting, the service men amassKsd a total of 271 votes for their choices as winner of the Exponent BearUty Contest. This eliriiination voting re&ulted in the Section of four rep^resentatives from each of the three branches of service. For the army the photographs of Evelyn McCenniss, Peggy .Blake, ' Mrs, Eberlin, and number 14
The Foruiti
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
whose name remains unknown, will be presented to the judges. The preliminary navy winners are Rita McDonald, Mary Anne
A Reader's Thougflfs Nehos, Perky Rogers and The following letter was received Frances Joy Don while the marine Tuesday. It is so highly construe- ^’®Pi’®sentatives will be Roma Jean tive and so well-conceived that we Cessma, Irene Roche, Margie Lee, are printing it in full. Readers are number 31, name unknown.
invited to use this column to share their views with the rest of us.
Dear Gabriel,
I’ve been listening to you blow „ , » , . your horn-on top-for nigh on to judging. The
These twelve photographs, which had the highest number of votes in each service, will be presented to Lt. Gol. Hicks and Lt. Gommander
have your
winners will be announced in Sunr day’s Exponent when most of the service page will be devoted to the
, . , , „ ^ ^. contest pictures and stories. In orHeresmyissue: A lotofusG.I.’s make a better presentation
twelve weeks now —and agreed—and disagreed with several ideas and assertions.
feel a deep sense of responsibility
of each of the young ladies, infor-
for knowing the facts. To take-off „ j ■, , A,_ mation concerning them is needed.
on a statement of'Leslie .S., I reply
If the men Who entered the twelve
that we are kids in college and have ^^ove named girls would jot down a begun to wonder about what’s go- few notes about them and leave this
ing around in the world. ^ information in the Exponent office - A A- by Thursday night, it wouldfacili-
tate the writeups.
Several of the votes, which were correct iny-'other respects, were eliminated from the count because
MULTI-DONORS It’s a flue thing for a person to be able to boast that he’s given his pint for the sixth, eighth or dozenth time—even if only to speak about it. But when the person who likes to make an initial or a second offering is informed that the volunteer list is closed and reservations are necessary for some subsequent date, then it’s time for a little eyetorow raising and more than a little serious questioning about the Red Cross methods and the motives of multi-donors. The best solution, of course), lies in doing away with the 500-pint or any-pint limit and allow all who wish, to contribute. The war has no more reached a stage where we can put a quota on the number of pints of blood than it has for the enemy in putting a quota on the number of American casualties. If the mechanics in operating a mobile donoy unit of this sort necessitates a quota, then, without question, the .multi-donors should, of their own accord, step aside and let others derive the glow and satisfaction of knowing that a pint of his or her blood will also help save the life of some soldier on some battle field. As was pointed out in the first paragraph, one can’t become cross with the Red Cross because the job they do the world over—in war and peace alike—is too well known to need outlining here. And, while this column isn’t meant to be the start of a crusade, neither the quota nor the method of Ailing it can be permitted to remain without a direct injustice being done; the people of Greater Lafayette and the hundreds of service men who’ve become an integral part of the community. Sincere and straightforward consideration of this situation should resul^in more acceptable •'and democratic arrangements.
ODDS ’N’ ENDS The decks are being cleared so that men can take off on their furloughs with almost no administrative delay. . . . Mimeod poop on what to take with you, how to arrange for ration coupons, etc., will be out. within^the week. , . . Meanwhile there’s a bumper crop of latrine-o-grartis on how different things are going to be ai’ound here next semester^—everything from the cadet system to ration and quarters. ... In case you’re not busy packing this weekend, there’ll be the Adler-Draper convo on Frinite and your choice of the Union dance and the Playshop production of “Hay Fever” the following eve-—no movie, no football. . . . Worth thinking about is the fact that it is becoming increasingly difficult to get into ASTP. AGCT minimum is now 120 and selections are,^ made on a competitive basis. . . . YANK comes up with the obstetrical information that EM will be responsible for 646,000 pregnancies in the fiscal year of 1944. ... The current issue also has a picture of the “lamp & sword” arm patch we’re soon to wear. . . . Overheard: She’s the kind of girl who whispers sweet nothing-doings into your ear. .
that to foi’mulate opinions—to develop formulas for a better world, you might say—we must be in-
formed.
Having spent considerable time in
the army you know the difficulty of they did not have any identifying indulging in sufficient periodicals to f™ber. It was obviously impossidraw unbiased conclusions. whom the soldier. At the University we have access s®il®r.or marine had in mind. Other to the reading material-hut lack ^fUng forms were completely the. time. It is true, too, that many ^lank and they too had to be set of us have not yet learned to an- aside. Our little friend “4-F”, the alyze printed matter-of the more was humorously entered, involved type. We have not learned by himself by getting to associate events with trends. ^ he had won it might Our history prof makes a bold at- difficult to get a suitable tempt to enlighten pur curious -^ftei all, there is a meat
minds—but in a lecture hall with shortage.
70 men—the odds are against con- The interest in the photographs, centrated reasoning. which were posted in front of the Perhaps, thru the channels of The Sweet Shop, was slightly less than Forum, a new orientation program tremendous. Passers-by.-viewed the will be instituted. Of the many entries at all times of the night and learned professors here, surely one day and the attitudes varied from will consent to straighten us out. “beautiful” and “cute” to “ugly” and Too many of us believe only what “I wish I had entered my girl”, we want toA-helieve—and are too Various odds and ends' were stubborn to reverse an old opinion, dropped into the ballot box during Education, they say, preserves de- the last week. When it was opened mocracy. Then: why niot a thorough the assortment found included education on what’s happening straws, paper napkins, cigarette now? butts and packages, a lipstick and 0. C, S. boards often grill nervous such novelties that somehow find candidates on material taken their way into such a conspicuous
straight from Time. The army has box.
long realized the importance of cur- ■ _ -
rent information. Why not go a little further than Time magazine— we really have the opportunities
here.
In case this goes out with the wash—here’s my laundry number: , —T-3368
FRATERNITY BULUETINS Invitations, Fraternity Letter Heads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—Typewriter Paper—50c the ream LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY Phone 7828 ~ 511 Ferry Street
Rhone 4081
bEljyiRY FRER
Northwestern at Vine Street
Football Schedule Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland Oct. 23—Iowa—Here 0«t. 30^—Wisconsin—There Nov. 6—Minnesota—^There Nov. 13—Open date Nov. 20—Indiana—There
lieve a social discussion club can be started. We have scouted, and we believe that it would be easy to induce faculty members to participate in our discussions. To accommodate the service men, it wUi probably be necessary to hold meetings between ■ ~ 5:30 and 7:00 p. m.
Answer To 3368: Whether or not something is done A Social Problems Club supply tWs lack depends on the The problem raised by T-3368 response from our readers. If merits solution. According to our enough of the rtudents here Cserinformation, the Army recognizes vice men, civilians, coeds etc) write the issues and is contemplating or- te and express their interest in such ganizing discussion groups in all a group, it will be easy to start the
the camps. Why don’t we beat them baU rolling.
to the punch. Mail your comments to THE No University is complete with- FORUM c/o Exponent, Purdue out a club devoted to discussion of Memorial Union, W. Lafayette, Incurrent issues. No college education diana; or come to the ExponenLofis adequate unless it gives its stu- flee and leave your memo in the ser-
dents ah understanding of what’s vice man’s box.
going on in the world,—not only in
» limited profc.*„«l sphere. y_J2 /M ScHcddeS
If our readers desire it, we be-
AMERICAN HEROES BY liEFF
The semi-final game of the V-12 softball tournament will be played this evening in order to decide who will enter the final round to be played next Thursday night. C 8 will play D 3 with the winner meeting Section M 7, which is already in the finals. The last game of the series will probably be played on Monday evening, Oct. 18, when the winners from the Army and Navy will meet to decide the championship. These games are all to he played on the football practice field so that the lights may be used in the final innings.
As our guns groped blindly for vital enemy targets in Tunisia, Sergeant Donald V. Peterson of South'Minneapolis crept beyond our lines. Snipers and machine guns raked the ground, but he pushed on, snaked forward into view of our targets. Sheltered from withering fire by one small bush, he radioed fire commands and our guns bat* tered the enemy. His country recognized Peterson’s bravery Wtlii the Silver Star. Yon can recognize it with another War Bond.
The beginning playoff for the fraternity softball championship is scheduled for this evening. Seven teams will participate, with the Faculty team drawing the bye. 'The schedule is as follows: piamofid— 2— Sigma iVlpha Mu vs Phi Sigma Theta 3— Chi-Alpha vs Beta Sigma Psi 4— Alpha Sigma Phi vs Tau Sig-
Buy War Bonds»
IfSt ^ .
*’•.■' ■■ ' ^ ■" . t' .,'
>
t
Boilermaker Sjtorts^
> Tuesday^ Oetoher 12, ,19^
Ohio State Eleven Boasts Two Star Freshman Backs
Grandstand Echoes
By Ray Smith
B} Jim Ackerman Starting the season with an inexperienced eleven of but four veterans on his whole squad, along with numerous freshmen, Coach Paul Brown, of Ohio State, has built up one of the best civilian elevens on the gridiron today. Although the Buckeyes have won but two of their first three games, they have shown plenty of power in the backfield which is built around Dean Sensanbaugher and Er-
TWO WILL MISS OHIO QAME When the Boilermakers take the field against the Ohio State Buckeyes next Saturday afternoon in Cleveland, theie will be missing fiom the lineup two playeis who were instiumental in last Saturday’s win, ovei Camp Grant They are Lou DePilippo and Stan Dubicki
Meet The Team
Riveter Track Squad Ddwns Indiana, 44-26
nie Parks, both freshmen. This coming Saturday, in the Municipal Stadium at Cleveland, the Boilermakers will test the strength of this youthful eleven Aheady ovei 50,000 tickets have been lepoited sold foi this game Ovei the past few yeai s, the Bucks have had gieat advantage ovei the Rivetei s in player talent, and yet the Boilei makers have
Intramural Boxing Resumes, Brandlin Wins By Decilsion
In a lesumption of the Intiamuial Boxing tournament Monday night, Coach Jim Beeis sent two
DeriLIPPO BOWS OUT DeFilippo, who has been the ace center thus fai this season, decided that the Camp Giant game would be his last for this year Since he had aheady had a full thiec-year careei at Foidham before joining the navy, Lou feels that it is unfaii that he should compete in Big Ten games with playeis that aie just beginning their careers In the three games that DeFilippo played foi the Riveters, little attention was given him by the fans, but his teammates really felt his presence or rather his absence whenever he left the game Lou has a real knowledge of the game, and he seems to be able to sense where each play is going to be directed. While in the game Lou was responsible for calling defensive plays and in some cases he assisted the quarterback with offensive plays In practice sessions Lou did not spend all his time getting in shape, but devoted a good part of his time to his young understudies, teaching them the fine points of football It is certain that Lou will be missed in the remaining games of the schedule, but it is a sportsmanlike gesture that he is making by dropping out of active competition
By Warren Wright Among the men playing on the Boilermaker team this year is Dick Baiwegan, the man who held down the regular guard position on last year’s Boilermaker team. Dick played football in his freshrnan year
Sweeping all of the relay events, the Boilermaker track team defeated Indiana 44-36, at Bloomington, last Saturday. The points were tabulated on a five for the winner, three for the loser basis. The Riveters took seven out of 10 events. Paced by Tom Judge, a former Indiana runner, and Bill Beile, ex-Illinois freshman star, the l^oilermakers took both — of the distance relays. Run-
pulled manv a suiprise out of the ^he ring
proverbial bag foi the State team
The fight saw Biaridlin defeating
This year the Boilermakers have
showed a slight edge in talent and it "'"S ^his was one of the pielimiisuptotheBuckevestopiovethem- ^he finals
selves Light And Fast Buckeje Team This yeai’s Ohio State team foi lows about the same pattern of other Brown teams, light and fast
on October 27 Coach Beeis also an nounced the boxers who will appear in fiituie bouts Curtiss will meet Zvei bliss today and A Jenkins vs
Gammetei on Thursday The fight by rounds—
DUBICKI INJURED Missing from the backfield will be little Stan Dubicki, the 160-pound speedster and place kick specialist, as the result of the knee injury that he incurred in the Camp Grant contest Stan, who at the present time is the second leading scorer on the squad with his 30 points that were accumulated by three touchdowns, nine extra points and a field goal, is expected to be out of action for at least ten days and possibly for two weeks Accoiding to Doe Miller, the team physician, Dubicki has one of the most common injuries known to the game of football It is similar to the injury that has forced Ed Cycenas out of action since the start of the season
Boilermaker Backs
Average Better Than
Five Yards Per
Try
mng with Judge and Beile ip the mile relay were Detwilei? and Butts, while in the two mile relay, Erickson and Haines supported them. A quartet composed of Linblad, Sigars, Harvey and Pleatman copped both the 440 and 880 relays for the
A versatile running attack that Boilermakers,
has been averaging better than five strong In Field Events yaids a crack m chalking up foui , i » straight tiiumphs over formidable Hoosieis gained all their rivals will provide the Boilermak- Pomts in the field events, taking the
ers’ mam hope of remaining on the victory path as the they stack up
against Ohio State’s defending Big defeating Finlaysofi of Ten champions this coming Satur- Gold and Black both times.
While at Massillon High School, Pust Round
Coach Brown built a reputation for Both fighteis came to the centei, his powerful elevens, although they touched gloves and backed off were not so big in comparison to Meadoi came back jabbing to the then speed and precision Last year chin with two fast lefts, and foi at Ohio State, Brown had another lowed with a sharp left hand to the of this same type of team, one head Biandlin countered with a left which was considered among the ^od missed his mark, both fighteis best in the country. backing off Meador jabbed a left Sensanbaugher and Parks are th« to the chin, then both fighteis tiaded speedsters in the Ohio State back- lefts and lights in the centei of the field In the Great Lakes game last img Bianclliii hit Meadoi with an Saturday, in which the Buckeye^ assoitment of lefts and rights and were edged out 13 to 6 Sensan- a haid left to the face, knocking baughei ran a kick off fiom behind Meadoi into the lopes stunning his own goal line 99 yards only to him, Meadoi clinched The lefeiee be pulled down on the Bluejackets’ broke the two and Meadoi backthree Parks the colored speed inei- tracked away from Brandlin The chant who holds Ohio high school lest of the round was consumed as championships in the 100 and 220 Biandlin stalked Meadoi Round to
yard spiints got away with a quite Brandlin a few long distance runs against the Second Round
Bluejackets and also against Mis- Biandlin opened up with a left souri the week befoi e jab, Meadoi letaliating with a du Ohio State’s pass defense, which plicate of Biandliii’s left The box did not piove too effective against eis came to the center and tiaded the Seahawks or Missouii, showed blows Biandlin resumed the lead up more impressively against Great with a fast senes of rights and lefts Lakes as the Bluejackets completed to the head Meadoi was caught in only two fiom nine tries while the his own coinei and was hit with a Bucks made four of eleven at- sharp left and light He went dovn
BUTKOVICH SECOND IN STATE SCORING Bob Steubei, the foimei Missouii star who was recently sent to DePauw, has taken the lead in the state scoring race by scoring 52 points in three games Ten points behind Steubei is Tony Butkovich, who has tallied seven touchdowns in four games Butkovich has been forced to do his running against much tougher opposition than Steubei has seen this season Tony’s seven tallies are sufficient 1;o give him the lead in the Big Ten scoring race Cieighton Miller of Notre Dame is the thud highest scorer in the state with 30 points, tire same total as has Dubicki
DICK BARWEGEN
HEIDKE STATIONED AT BUNKER HILL We veie talkiiit, to Roy Heidke the other day when he was back for a visit attei completing his training at Gieat Lakes Roy is now stationed at Bunkei Hill as a physical education instiuctoi He received a rating of petty officei fiist class when he completed his Great Lakes training He hps hopes ot being able to return frequently so that he can work out under the diiection of Dick Papenguth Foi the infoiiiiation of those who saw the picture ot Dave Rankin m the Indianapolis Star yesteiday ve would like to say that the caption was wrong and that Rankin was an All Ameiican at Purdue and did not play for Indiana last year
tempted forward passes
Notices
Seventh Term ME s and AE s It is time for you to begin baMng emploiment inter views Secure the following material from Miss Hacker in the ME Office 1 Intervicwr procedure sheet 2 Company list 3 Re quest for Interview caids 4 Confidentnl Faculty Recommendation” foim Watch bulletin board and Exponent for interview notices —BOLZ
University Club Membership dues for '43 44 are payable to secretary treasurer now Membership caids must be shown at all meetings —BUTZ
momentarily and the referee parted them Meador was caught in his ov{n coiner and was hit with a sharp left and right going down again The referee parted them Meadoi s nose started to bleed after a sharp exchange ot blows in the centei of the ling Brandlin spent the rest of the round in a span mg exhibition, Meadoi being the unwilling subject Round To Brandlin
Third Round
The boxeis came to the centei of the ling and touched gloves foi the lastlound Meadoi charged BiandLn with a shaip left and light and then a haicl left to the head letieating when Biandlin counteied Biandlin stalked Meadoi catching him with a haid left and light Meadoi clinched and the lefeiee paited them Ihe fighteis letuined
Those who \Mshe6 to usher to the centei and tiaded some fast
blows to the head Meadoi hitting Biandlin veiy haid Biandlin resumed his stalking and the bell lang ending the fight Round to
Brandlin AVinnei Refei ee
McMillen
I ost—In vicinity of Union d^ll( croon W itcrman cversharp Reward Call 552d after a p m
Wanted—Persons gum,., cast to Pittsburgh or father by car Call ‘>419 218 MarstelHi street
Typewriters Adding macnines all mak& sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo^ graph work done C J EbershofI 606 Mam, .^afayette Phone 2'’79
Money to Loan On diamonds watches guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 40< Columbia
4pd Stamps
Wanted—Purdue students to work Thurs dn nd Satur Uu l\ n ngs waitoi Ex pcricnc not nccc r> Gcod pay and shoit hours nib Club Aj ply Pranl Lcnihan
Lost—Wcinan „ Id W tficld watch at pep ralh liilav night rmdci cxll 8413 K m ‘>00 Rcwaid
Lost—SitndiN October *> tl roe stiand pcail bi icclct ihincstonc clasp Reward if found
Wanted—Studqnt. Part time help—call in pei^n.
University Drug Store
and was awarded the Freshman Merit Tiophy for outstanding peifoi»mdnces Dick, 20 years old, is 6 feet tall, and weighs 208 pounds He hails fiom Chicago, Illinois wheie he played thiee yeais of varsity football foi Fengei High Heie he was named on the All City team in his Junioi and Senioi years, captuiing the captaincy of the team and mak mg All State Guaid in his Senioi yeai Dick played with John Gems, foimei Illinois captain elect now playing 1 egulai\ tackle on the Boilei niakei squad, who held down the other guard position on the Fengei team that took the city championship thiee yeais in a row While in high school he played against John Andietieh, Clatt, and Dewai, all who aie playing foi the Camp Giant eleven this yeai A junioi ill the school of Agiicultiue Dick is majoiing in Daiiy Manufactining He is also a membei of 1]he Phi Delta Theta and a Gimlet pledge Dick and Mike Kasap, who also played on the same All State team, have played side by side on this yeai’s Boileimakei squad and have been doing a magnificant job in making the line one of the best in the countij<
day
Butkovich Leads Led by “Touchdown Tony” Butkovich, blasting fullback who has been avei aging better than 100 yai ds per game on his own account, the Boilermaker backs have accumulated 952 yards in 174 running attempts, an average of 5 47 yai^s Butkovich, m the thick of the lace for No 1 national honois in the giound gaming column, has the impiessive aveiage of 7 01 yaids pci attempt as a result of carrying the ball 59 Limes toi 414 yaids Seven of the 14 Boilei makei backs who have contiibuted yard-
Coach Allen’s boy? placed both first and second in the shot put and discus events Klaus and Suci finished one two in each event Fiplayson was the victor for the BoiMrm&kertf
in the broad jump
Riveters, Gophers
In viewing the results of Saturday’s football games in the Midwest, seveial of the contests are notewoithy of attention. Three Big Nine teams emerged victorious,
age have aveiaged better than five defeated, and two. North-
yards per crack
Complete individual statistics on running plays from scrimmage foi the fiist foul games follow
Player
Milla, fb Butkovich, fb Dubicki, hb Dan, qb Rose, hb Mihal, fb Dimancheff, Pail ei, hb Tetek, fb Flint, hb Stuait, hb Vacanti, qb Bushnell, qb Hiblei, qb
hb
Team Totals
Times
Yds
Aver
2
15
' 7 60
69
414
7 01
14
82
5 85
8
4b
5 75
13
74
5 69
3
17
5 67
30
165
5 16
6
26
4 33
3
12
4 00
1
4
4 00
19
70
3 68
13
34
2 61
1
2
2 00
O
1
0 60
174
962
6 47
western and Minnesota, were idle The most publicized giidiion encountei in the nation was the tilt between Notie Dame and Michigaq at Ann Aiboi Both squads were previously undefeated, but the
then hosts and defeated them 36-12. This leaves the Boilermakers and Minnesota’s Gophers as the only undefeated teams in the conference Ilhni Down Wisconsin In the only Western Conference game played Saturday, Illinois’ sciappy young team won from Wisconsin at Madison by a scoie of 26-7. The victoiy was the first of the season for the Illini, and now both
teams have a recoid of bne win
Buy War Bonds
anted—Student to work ns waiter in fiateinitv house 17 houis per week Call Bob Allen 2390
Students Any student who wishes to woik for the Registrar during the registration for the November Term November 5 and fa 1943 will please leave his name at the desk in the Registrars office —STONE
lost—Rhinestone Irieelet in or neni I i f yette licit i S n 11> aft moon MiioC Dresbach 1 hone Ofa
Attention Advanced M T’s If you pur t-hased an August 1943 Debris please come to the Debris office to recene youi copy
—ORAUMLICH
Lost—Brown billfoll imioitint pipers and mone\ C H ( n\ Kalimi/oi Mich Rew ird Call fa182
Lost*^A fin...,citip c t 1 kht tin with r 1 1 lip u Maik n collu r COCH RAN Please call 2390 f foi r 1
All Students
at Plavshop October 13 to 16 for perform ances of Hay Fever please call Playshop and leave your name with the secretary
—STEFFES
Alpha Chi Rho All ber\iec men who weie
members of the Alpha Chi Rho fiaternities on other campusses ait reque ted to tall
46483 before Saturday October U
—HOLMES
AH Chem Engineers and Chemists A I Ch E smoker will be held lue day at 30 p m in room 30> Chem and Met building
—GRhEN
Biandlin
Beeis, Judges
Beeis,
Kappa Delta Rho Meeting liiesda> . 30 in room 30t.> of Iht Union —BORIS
Glider Club Regulai Glidei Club meeting lucsda> October !*> at 30 in r)( n 3 SCHROEDIR
Triton Club Meeting it 1
1u(sda\ I RICE
AWS Executi> October 12 at
e Board la 1 m
Meet 1 g 3 its Ia> in AWS til VI ir
Notice Basketball practice \\ill start Moiulaj, October 18, at 4 p m. Candidates will be lequiied to fuinish their min equipment until a squad is foinied —LAMBERT.
Modern Dance Will i c t lx luJJ Ihursdav Oct J4 becau c of the j la Hi> I t\ MORTON
Acromodelers T rej, r< Roll Uu W Idt contact me Ph nc CRISl
Theta Taus Notice t all Ihiti lau& o campus Cal! chapU r h u bef r IriJij Oct U Phone b02s KT’iSlR
Exponent Juniors at 7 do p m WediK Exponent oliic r r il staff ImpOilant that
Ngw under^artn « Cream Deodorant safely ... Stops Perspiration
Dolphin flub Mcttmc V actives Ihiis day Oct H in room 104 oXtln Fi Idtu ist at 7 17 1. rn \,MURPHY
All Gimlet Actives and Pledif)t'. Active ccmi to nuct 111, W di slu i mlit at ^ proinptlj f( 1 important busini sb mutiiif at the Dclt houbi I Ians f< i jarly will be dihcUBSe/l Pledges report it lOwithllinl folelH and b i\> b Us Formal pledirmi, will take plaet at that time 1 UiSCH
Yanks Win Series The Ne« lork 1 ankees are onte more in possession ol the title ot Champions of the Baseball World b) virtue of thtir 2 (f‘ vitlorv over flit St Louis ( ardi tials jesterdav Ihlore vtsttidaj’s game the series standing was three to one in favor ol tiu Tankees Last year, the ( ardinals defeated the lankets in the se rieh playolfK,
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irrinte skin 2. No waiting to elf) Can be used right after sliaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor 4. A pure wlute greaseless stainless vamsliing cream 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Launder ing for being harmless to * fabric
Are you ready wrth fall suits and coats spic and span’ Take a tip fiom us, It IS not a bit too early to give your fall clothing the once ov er Don t let the first frosty moinings find you with nothing waim to V car send suits, coats, diesses to us now before the RUSH The cailicr you call us, the better
IT TAKES AFTER YOU ! SLITHER SLIP
That the secret of the fabulous success of this rayon knitted Jersey Petahkin* slip It adapts itself to your figure as if designed over a mofd of you due to the cfever cut trim taifored top Mlip waist and smooth 4 gored skirt Ironing unnecess'ary $2 25
■ BECAUSE YOU LOVE NICE THINGS '
Palais RoCial
' II I. u s I It on
For Pleasant Meals In Comfort Go to the PwuHmsl WlmvoijiaL lAmori.
a Varied Menu Everyday / GOOD QUALITY MEATS AND VEGETABLES
EXPERTLY MADE PASTRIES WITHIN EASY REACH OF YOUR CLASSES AND STUDENT RESIDENCES SERVICE and SATISFACTION when you need it most—
JhsL fiWlduSL THsumsfdaL lAmmL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
U
mm