Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 26
Tuesday, October 10, 1939
Activities Bureau To Sponsor Round Table Discussion All freshmen and sophomores interested in selecting an extra-cur-ricular activity will meet this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union to participate in the first Activities Bureau sponsored Round Table. The particular phase of activities to be discussed at this initial meeting will be campus publications. Subsequent Round Tables will be held every week at the same time. Leaders of campus publications who are scheduled to go under the axe at this afternoon’s session are John Van Uorn, Debris; W. J. Harris, Engineer; R. P. Munro, Scrivner; J. E. Orr, Pharmacist; L. W. Archibald, Independent; K. E. Burbrink, Agriculturist; and R. E. Insley, Exponent. This Activities Round Table has> been originated for the purpose of getting freshmen and sophomores, who are interested in participation in one of the campus’ many extracurricular activities, together in the presence of the men who are already holding positions in the various groups. They will be devoted to other phases of extra-curricular participation. Freshmen and sophomores are cordially invited by the Activities Bureau to attend as many of the Round Tables as is convenient for them. This way the prospective activity man, or woman, will have a chance to shop around a bit before the official callouts in February. Freshman Orators To Vie In Beveridge Contest October 17 Freshmen interested in public speaking will compete in the annual Beveridge speech contest beginning October 17. In its 12 years of existence, the contest has been won by a number of campus organizations. The contest provides prizes fbr the winning freshmen and the organizations they represent. Winners themselves receive the Hays Cup donated by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette, while the organizations have their names inscribed on the Ankey award. Any organization winning the trophy three times retains permanent possession of it. Sign Up Now Interested freshmen should sign up on the board outside room 308 of University Hall for one of the following subjects: “Why Go to College,’' “Socialized Medicine,” “The Future Engineer,” “The Effect of the War on the United States,” “The Problem of Organized Labor,” “Student Cooperatives,” “A Planned Agriculture,” “Radio Hams,” “Our Crime Problem,” “The Problem of Our Highways,” and “Purdue Traditions.” Five-minute speeches should be prepared for the competition. The preliminaries will be held in room 310 of University Hall on October 17 and the finals on October 19 in Duncan lecture room of the E. E. building. Gold Peppers Meet Today; Plan Sales At Football Games Gold Peppers, senior co-ed honorary, will meet today at 5 o’clock in room A of the Union to make further plans for their activities at the coming home football games. Balloons will be sold at all stadium gates by Gold Pepper members on the day of the Michigan State game. At the first Purdue touchdown all balloons are to be released. Freshmen will be identified at the games this year by green ribbons, also to be sold by Gold Peppers.
Doan 'Announces Proceedure For Football Seating C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, has announced that the following procedure has been set up to provide preferential seating for students according to classes at the_ two home football games this year, and to facilitate the exchanging of coupons. - For the Michigan State game, October 21, coupons may be exchanged at the ticket office as follows: Seniors October 9-10 Juniors October 11-12 Sophomores October 13-14 Freshmen October 16-17 For the Iowa game, November 4: Seniors October 23-24 Juniors October 25-26 Sophomores October 27- 8 Freshmen October 30-31 All Applicants For PIA Dance Class Must Sign Up Today Dancing instruction for unorganized eds and co-eds who have been missing out on the most popular form of social life will be mUde available starting this week, PIA Vice-president Carl Lutz announced yesterday. Those who care to sign up fpr the classes may do so in the PIA office after 4 today, tomorrow, and Thursday. A meeting of the applicants will be held in the office at 7 p. m. Thursday. At this time the free nights best suited to the majority will be chosen. The 10-lesson course this semester will be covered in five ■weeks, classes meeting twice a week in the evenings. Miss Helen Knight, of the PEW department, will give the instruction. Miss Knight has taught these classes in the past and has turned out over 150 students in one year. The course is repeaijed in the second semester, with provisions for advanced instruction. Limited Enrollment Lutz urged that intended applicants sign for the instruction as early as possible, since the enrollment will be limited to 60. Heretofore, the classes have consisted of 80 members, but it is felt that beginners will benefit more with limited enrollment. A fee of $2.50 is charged to cover expenses. One half or all of this is due upon registration in the course. No refund can be made for lessons missed, but an effort will be made to keep irregular attenders up •with the class. University Concert Band Will Play For Horse Show Tonight At Columbian Park University concert band of 130 pieces under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick will furnish the musical program for tonight’s horse show sponsored by the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce on the ball diamond of Columbian Park at 7:30. At least one gallop will be played in addition to marches and fast-mov-ing numbers appropriate for such a contest of high-spirited steeds. The band will leave the Armory at 6:45; transportation to be furnished by three special street cars. The fact that 150 entries have been received has attracted public attention and advance ticket sales have been heavy.
Enthusiastic Audience Receives First Convocation Concert by John Carter
Phi Mu
. . . members were hostesses at a tea held at their chapter house on Sunday afternoon from 3 to 6. The tea was given in commemoration of Phi Mu’s 10th anniversary on the campus. Mrs. Venobia B. Keller, national executive secretary of Phi Mu, was guest of honor. Faculty members, alumni, sorority housemothers, and representatives from each sorority attended the tea.
'Singing Is Hard Blit Pleasant Job/ Says Tenor John Carter When Asked About Co-eds He Says, M'm Not Married' By Bob Skallerup “Singing is a great way to make a living, but it is hard work. You have to keep your nose to the grindstone all the time,” laughed John Carter, happy young lyric tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, who sang to a convo audience on the campus last night for the first time. , ^ Carter, born in New York City, in spite of the fact that he ha^ been singing ever since he was old enough to make a noise, did not always intend to become a singer. Until hard times forced him to drop out of the City College of New York, he had his heart set on the field of civil engineering. Even now, he sometimes gets a bang out of going into the field and sighting up a transit. Speakeasy Singer But hard times did John Carter a favor. It was after he dropped school that someone chanced to hear him sing and offered him the fabulous salary of 35 dollars a week to sing in one of New York’s one-eyed night clubs. He made good, and has been coming up ever since. Carter, now nationally acclaimed, started his career with a broadcast audition in 1937 after studying for opera with Florence Easton, now with the New York Metropolitan Opera Company. Since then, he has attained great popularity through successes on the Chase and Sanborn Hour, the Kellogg Hour, and the Metropolitan sta^. Unmarried Singing is a first love with this good-looking, young bachelor, but tenni^, golf, swimming, and riding are close seconds and occupy a great deal of his spare time. Carter is a comparative stranger on the campus and has really formed no opinions, but when asked for an opinion on Purdue co-eds, he stood up, straightened his tie, and reaching for a pocket comb, said, “I’m not married.” Students Will See Team Off Thursday starting at 5 p. m. Thursday, a pep session will be organized to see the team off on the train. The pep session will begin in front of the Union building and traverse the levee, ending at the Big Four station. Many collegiate “cars” will be there made up in the true collegiate spirit. All fraternities, Cary Hall men, and co-op houses are expected to bring their cars properly adorned* However, this will not be a motor parade, but all students are expected to turn out. The band will lead the parade; so cars will not be necessary. Arrangements are being made so that it may be possible to have the suppers late at the halls, fraternities, and sororities; avoiding the rush to get home. Come on oukand cheer your team on to victory for this Saturday. Over One Hundred . .. and fifty senior women ordered senior jackets Sunday and Monday. The jackets, which are a radical departure from last year’s fitted vests, are of natural color corduroy with full swagger banks, leather buttons, and patch pockets.
Again Tonight
... John Carter will present a program similar to last night’s when he sings for freshmen and seniors in Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock. t ’ Purdue Airport Praised As One Of Finest College Fields In Country By Chuck Kennedy People all over the country are finding out this week that a midwestern school called Purdue has the finest and largest airport of any university in the country. Method of discovery? A group of pictures and de scriptive matter in the November issue of the American.
From pages 69 to 71 the merits of the airport were extolled in word and picture. The views of the airport consisted mainly of one large photograph in full color showing the hangar and several of the ships. There was also a smaller color photo of a ship and a student. On the following pages were half-tones illustrating various activities concerning the aeronautical engineering and CAA courses. Among the items mentioned in the written portion of the story were several which, no doubt, were news to the average student. For instance, did you know that the Purdue Airport valued at $500,000 was leased for the meager stipend of ten dollars per month? A technicality of course. Naturally you realize that the officials tested 37 types of concrete before finding one suitable for use in the runways. Of course you were informed that it costs about $310 to put a student through the CAA course, of which $250 is paid by the government. Did you know that Captain Aretz has had 4,0p0,000 air miles of fiying. Neither did he. It's a mistake. Among a few of the things we did not realize but you no doubt knew right along was the safety record—no student over hurt or bailed out. Another—Purdue turned out the first CAA trained pilot in the country. He soloed in ten days and had a license in a month. Several students and instructors now have their respective physiognomies in front of the eager eyes of the populace. The only co-ed to achieve this distinction is Lois Hollingsworth, junior mechanical. Bob Buel, senior mechanical, and Lowell Park, instructor, were also included in the pictures. Buell said last' night that the photographer took about Sb” pictures at the airport. It’s silly, but we would have liked to seen them all published.
Chemicals To Hold Smoker In Union Tomorrow Nighi American Institute of Chemical Engineers student chapter will hold its first meeting of the year at 8 p m., Wednesday, October 11, in the Union ballroom. The meeting will be a student-faculty smoker, and will be open to all students of the school of chemical engineering. The general program for the year will be outlined, and requirements for membership in the organization will be announced. The faculty members ■will be introduced to the students, and after refreshments are served, informal discussions will follow. Students will be afforded an excellent opportunity to become acquainted with the faculty members whom they not yet had for instruction. One of the main purposes of the meeting is to better acquaint the student with the faculty, and for this reason all chemical engineering students are urged to attend. Regular Army To Accept Air Corps Applications Colonel Beere, of the University ROTC, has announced that the regular army is accepting applications from students who wish to join the air corps. These applications should be made not later than October 28 and should be sent to the Corps Area Commander, Fifth Corps Area, Fort Hayes, Columbus, 0. The commander’s office will issue dates for preliminaiy and final examinations later.
Metropolitan Star Presents Varied Program In Gym Frosh, Senior Passports Good At Tonight's Concert John Carter, Metropolitan, lyric tenor, presenteci the first concert of a scheciuled twonight convocation last night before an enthusiastic full house of over 2,000 persons in Memorial Gymnasium. He will give the second performance tonight starting promptly at 8 p. m. Freshman and senior passports will be honored. Carter, who established a common bond with his audience by intermittently wiping the perspiration from his brow, presented a varied program of classical and semiclassical numbers. Four times he was called back for encores after portions of the program were completed. Reception In Union Immediately following the concert a reception was held for Carter and his accompanist, Theodore^ Haig, in the Great Hall of the Memorial Union building. A large number of students and faculty members attended. He has a beautiful lyric sweetness to his voice that was effectively brought out by such numbers as “Carnaval” by Fourdrain, “Eres tu” by Sandoval, and the “Flower Song” aria from ‘Carmen” by Bizet. After he had completed the first portion of the program, a -wildly applauding audience brought him back for two successive encores. Throughout the concert he effected a personal contact with his audience which was warmly accepted. Carter will repeat the same program in tonight's concert. Debris Now Taking Senior Photographs For 1940 Yearbook Yesterday Jerry Carlon, of the DeXhimer Carlon Studios of Indianapolis, began taking senior pictures. Each senior has been appointed a sitting during one of his off hours by the Debris editorial staff and will be notified of the time by postcard. If for any reason it is impossible to be at the workshop at the time appointed you should get in touch wi^h the Debris staff and have your schedule changed, according to A1 Williamson who is in charge. Otherwise it might become necessary to make a trip to Indianapolis in order to have your picture in the Diebris, as Carlon will not stay over this year. Pictures will be taken in the Debris workshop, first door to the left of the stairs, second floor of the Union. A schedule of sittings will also be found on page 3. Enlarged PIA Chorus To Practice Tonight A greatly augmented PIA chorus will hold its first official practice of the curi-ent season this evening in the Union. Foi*ty-one men, as compared with the 28 who sang with the chorus last year, have already turned out for tWs activity. Bob Hewitt, chorus director, reported that tenors are needed badly. All unorganized men with singing ability are requested to tryout for the chords.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TuesdooTf Octobor 10« 1939
JJumbf. JoUl We Think It's Good We were talking the other night to a nice lady who said she thought it was just awful the way that Hitler was taking all those nice Polish people’s home country. She said it wasn’t Christian to go around picking on people and taking their real estate. She said those nice British people wouldn’t do that. We asked her how she thought they got the British Empire. She said oh well that’s different. She said that was a long time ago. Besides the British are such nice people. They have such lovely manners. We said yes we knew a British sailor once. She said well how about the King and Queen? She said didn’t they come over here and see us ? We said so did Bernard Shaw. She said somebody has got to stop this Hitler. She said pretty soon he will be running over the whole world. She said democracy ain’t safe. We said what democracy? She said what we ought to do is get in right now and help Britain and France save the world. We said you mean help Britain and France protect their trade monopoly. We said no. We said we ain’t fighting no real estate wars. We said democracy can go hang. She said are you a shirker? She said wouldn’t you fight for the freedom and liberty of oppressed people? We said no ma’am. She said would you stand by and let Hitler take the world? We said it was no business of ours who owns the world. She said do you want to bow down to Hitler and Stalin? She said do you want to wear brown shirts ? We said what’s wrong with brown shirts? She said what do you think of changing the embargo act? She said don’t you think we should be neutral and sell England and France things? We said we are already neutral and we don’t care who buys what. She said how can you be neutral and not want to fight for England and France? We said let England and France fight for themselves. She said well they’ll all be killed. We said but we had rather see ten million dead Frenchmen than witness our own personal demise. She said are you afraid to die? We said no ma’am but we do not see anything particuMxly attractive in it. She said ain’t you brave ? We said no ma’am, not when we are sober. She said ain’t you got ideals? We said no ma’am— not about women and wars. She said what do you mean, women and wars? We said well the last time this country saved democracy a lot of good sensitive men got sent to their deaths by a woman’s scorn. She said what do you mean ? We said well when the bands got to going up and down the streets playing marching music and the like and the preachers were explaining how God had personally got on our side, the women started saying how they wouldn’t love a coward and if a man didn’t join the army his love life was hampered more than somewhat. She said well women don’t love cowards. We said well they don’t go around planting kisses on corpses. She said you do not understand. She said it is something beautiful to die for a cause. We said yeah and just because you don’t like Hitler you think that’s enough .cause for
But Incidentally— By Petrov Before we get any further, we want'to mention the latest advertisement that has caught our fancy. We’re nuts about ads anyway, and this one satisfies our craving. The Foster Shop anhounces new phonograph release . .. And the Angels Sing (A ^Musical Caricature).” !|1 ♦ * We think they ought to let the customer find out for himself. * * * And speaking of musical caricatures, our band played “Over the Kainbow” at the Notre Dame game. Ne * * We’ve never known whether to trust women or not, but now we know. Operator No. 27 overheard one plotting co-ed say to a friend, “. . . so if I ask him to Gold Diggers, he’s GOT to ask me to Military Ball.” * * * It might work both ways though, so tonight we’re going to line up a Military BalFdate. I guess THAT’S beating them to the draw. * * * Informer No. 28, we think, is inclined to be bitter. He is currently embarrassing us mad Russians by making extemporaneous speches about sticky tables and stuff in the Sweet Shop and Grill. He acidly demands soapwater or alcohol fingerbowls. « * * We’re going to fool Mr. Fox one of these days. We’re gonna wear rubber gloves. * * * If you spend your nickels in the Sweet Shop, you might be interested to learn that we are pikers when it comes to wasting money. One Cornell fraternity is complaining about their reduced social budget. They, poor things, have been cut down to $1,500 a year for dances. “ Hi * And WE need special assessments to cover a radio dance. * * * If the column is shy on vital statistics this morning we are sorry. Explanation: Our chief informer is spending all his time sitting on steps, drooling at the mouth, and watching class-bound students in their attempts to dodge the revolving sprinklers. The University, as well as some of our sororities, exhibits diabolical cunfiing in placing these sprinklers for maximum coverage . . . * * * Of pedestrians.
US to go get shot full of holes. To say nothing of having to sleep standing up. She said is, it very different from the last time? She said the world is in peril. She said there are spies lurking at every window. She said the walls have ears. She said it w^s time that the American people did something about it. Democracy must live, she said. To hell with democracy, we said, save yourself. She said wouldn’t you fight for your country ? She said wouldn’t you go out and die for your flag? She said aren’t you willing to fight this mad dog Hitler and this Stalin? She said where’s your spirit, where’s your patriotism? Are you going to be a brave soldier and die for these fine ideals or are you going to be a coward? She said what do you say to that? We said Bergdoll, move over.—Jack Guinn in the Daily Texan.
(JokiL of the QampuA.
Test Troubles To the Editorial Director; I was confronted with a.very asinine departmental rule today when I received a graded test in M. E. 30. It seems that it is against the law to help a student to understand just where he has made mistakes. After the tests were handed back, the professor immediately began to explain the problems. First, he read part of the problem and then began to work it out. From then on he drew numbers out of the air. If we asked where they came from, he said that they were given in the problem. He was allowed to read the problem, hut he could not give them to us. * I left the class without much more idea about what mistakes I made than when I went in. I again asked him to let me see the problems after class. I had intended to take them home and go over them until I felt that I had them mastered. “Under no circumstances can you have a list of the problems on the test.” These were approximately the words that I received for an answer. Does it not seem more probable that we could learn a subject better if the teaching staff would try to help us a little more? Is it their
policy to try to make the subject twice as hard? A test is no good to a student if it does not show him where has made mistakes. ‘ All we receive is a letter grade telling us approximately the amount of work we did with respect to the amount the average student does. If we got a problem right, we saw a check mark; but we had no way to find out what the problem was all about unless we had a photographic mind and remembered all the details from the time we took the test, which was about a week before. The department may have a very good reason for their actions, but it seems to me that something could be done to make it possible for us to learn the subject better. I can think of no good reasons for such a rule. I also doubt if there is a reason good enough to warrant them to keep this rule in effect at the risk of such great detriment to the student. If someone could enlighten me with a solution to this problem, I would be greatly pleased for myself, my classmates, and those about to take the course in the future. W. E. SHORT, Met. Eng. ’41.
Purdue Exponent K. E. Inder-.. Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith eBusiness Manacer Phonca: Editorial, 4005; Boainesa, 5038; Sporta, 2792 Publlehed daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered aa aecond claaa matter at the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Conarreai of March 8, 1879. and at the apecial rate of i>oata«:e provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authoriced January 20, 192%. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Only 400
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
“You’re coming back to Bali, baby ...and you’re coming back with me!”
Akim Tamiroff
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LIclity
. .. more season Playshop tickets win be sold, according to an announcement made yesterday. Sales will close when these have been exhausted. The tickets can be purchased from student salesmen, from the west desk in the'^Union, or from the Playshop offices in Fowler Hall.
Kinda tired this morning . . . didn’t get to class as we overslept. Finally made the Union for breakfast at eleven ... looked in the B&B box for contribs and found some ... Stuff! The contribs (such as they are) are getting so pediculous that we are going to have to resort tjj our own originality... So Help Me! B&B Dear Disgruntled, Disillusioned, Disappointed & Dissipated Senior: We were glad to hear from you for two reasons: first, we are now convinced that someone is reading the column, and second, for the wonderfully constructive suggestions that you so laboriously set forth for us in your letter of Oct. 6th. We are sorry that you didn’t have confidence enough to leave your name as we could certainly use a man of your ability. If you are really interested and not just blowing off, drop your name in the B&B box and we will give you a chance to see what you can really do. —B & B Ed. B&B The Kappa Sigs had a Treasure Hunt Friday night and from what we hear the brothers really found some treasure . . . finding out that a brother’s date is quite interesting makes you want to take off your shoes, doesn’t it my hearties ? B&B We are at a loss to understand why Pi K A Pogue is worried about a date for the “Goldiggers.” What’s the matter with the girl you had at the dance Saturday night, Hugh? . . . and from the Kappa house comes word that ANN BEARD, the Southern Belle, can’t choose between McMASTER and a lad who can help her with Physics. Even if you don’t want a pin, Ann, the Kappa Sig lad DOES have a car. B&B It is the hope of your B&B editor that BILL DUNSHEE, AXP cheerleader, got some pointers on window shopping on his date with Peg Davis Sunday night ... we might need your help should we start a co-ed fashion column . . . not a had idea at that, girls. B&B It comes to us fourth-hand that MARILYN McKNIGHT is the intellectual type of date . . . and MARGE THOMAS, WRH, is the other extreme. B&B Our last parting shot is to warn you that a sign reading “Keep Off the Grass” means just that; and if your best girl gets mad at you, send her flowers ... it gets rid of the had odor . . . We’re crazy, too, so go to your classes today and let them stuff you . . . you now have a good , start. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
MA^ TODAY-WEDNESDAY
JOHN GARFIELD PRISCILLA LANE
witli ALAN HALE • Fnsk McHujb • Billy Halop EXTRA
ROBERT BENCHLEY
'An Rour for Lunch'
“Don’t be discouraged because you’re only a small independent station, Tommy—I just know someday you’ll be a big network!”
Personnel Notes
Company: Union Oil Company of California. ' Representative: J. P. Rockfellow, supervisor of employment and training.' Visiting Purdue: Wednesday and Thursday, October 11 and 12. Interviewing: Men expecting to receive Ph.D., M.S. and B.S. degrees majoring in chemistry, chemical and mechanical engineering. Positions: Research and application of chemicals for men with advanced degrees; sales engineering and service work for men with sales personality; training in the refineries for graduate chemical and mechanical engineers interested in plant operation. Beginning wage in training course $6.60 per day. Selection confined to students with scholarship in upper quarter of class. Those interested sign up for in-
TODAY - TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Joy Makers' Jubilee with That Daring Darling of the Skates!
PLUS — Another Riotous Rough House Comedy with Those Goofy People! James - Russell - Lucile GLEASON — IN — SHOULD HUSBANDS WORK
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
•AND —
— WITH — WARREN WILLIAM IDA LUPINO —Also — "PLYING G-MEN " SERIAL
terviews in the Personnel Service office, ground floor of Executive building.
Salaries of Barnard College graduates and undergraduates who were given positions through the college occupation bureau last year totaled $173,443.
LIMA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
THE BEST PICTURE OF ANY YEAR
PLUS ^— A Fantastic Hoax ... An Aifiazing Scoop . . . An Exciting Thrill-Packed Picture!
foIUr I Y N »• bar* ®LmI WMSOSr/
Tuesday. October 10, 1939
^xpofutnL
Riveter Cross County Squad All-Campus Tennis Opens Season Against Pittsburgh Title To Be Decided
Journeying to the Smoky City for its initial meet of the season, a squad of Boilermaker cross-country artists will face the strong University of Pittsburgh club next Saturday. Coach Phillips announced that six runners would make the trip, leaving on Friday morning.
To determine the fastest sextet of Riveters, time trials will be held tomorrow afternoon with all eligible men competing. Conditioning himself faster than the rest of the squad, Ed Holderman, who is entering his first year of cross-coimtry, has timned in the fastest marks thus far. Out For Blood In the Pitt-Purdue meet last yefir, which was run on the local course through Happy Hollow, the I^anth-
ers placed the first fivo men, while the injured Bodeau collapsed during the race. Following the meet with the Boilermakers, Pittsburgh, continued their winnings ways, climaxing a victory-studded season by placing second in the NC4A meet. The principle threat of their team was long John Woodruff, colored speedster. Although his graduation temporarily stunned this year’s hopes, this fall’s prospects are as impressive as ever.
In Match Wednesday All class tennis titles were decided last week and only the All-Cam-pus title remains at stake. Richards and /Mangold, winners of their respective class tournaments, will clash Wednesday afternoon to decide this championship. Richards won the junior-senior tourney last week by downing Karniskey in the»final round. Mangold defeated Lovett in the title deciding match of the sophomore championships. Earlier in the week the freshman crown was annexed by Stettner.
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios. Indianapolis, will be taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m.. Monday. October 9. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appoint^ ment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is taken.
TUESDAY, OCT. 10 8;05 Carlson, W. '8;55 Chenny.T.S. 9:20 Chevedden, R. T. 11 :25 Clark, C. S. 11 :35 Clark, P. A. 1:05 Cornell, A. R. 4:40 Cox, C. W. 10:50 Czyz, S. I. 10:45 Daneman, B. 4:00 Gagen, C. V. 8:00 Gaines, F. 11:0d Gale, G. N. 8:10 Galins, E.W. 10:00 Garcina, G. M. 9:00 Gardner, T. L. 11 :05 Garty, K. T. 11:10 Gaulke,A. V. 9."05 Gaylord, Rose J. 9:10 Gehrke, E. J. 10:05 Gei^r, E. M. 11:15 Geist, J.M. 4:05 Gentleman,.M. J. 1 1:20 Gerding, R. F. 10:10 Gershuny, J. W. 4:15 Gibbs, W.M. 8:15 Ginder, Frances 9:15 Gingher, H. R. 4:10 Glasser, R. 8:20 Glendening, H. V. 11:30 Gabeille, W. P. 10:15 Godbey,). W. 10:20 Goforth, H.-F. ‘ 4:25 Goings, D. L. 1:00 Goldsberry, L. 2:00 Goldsberry, W. M. 9:25 Gepdin, R. G. 8:25 Goodwin, M. K. 8:30 Gould, Virginia 4:30 Graham, j. U. 4:35 Graham, T. E, 1 1 :40 Gran, Margaret 8:35 Graves, Geo. 1:10 Green, Ed. K. 1 1 :45 Green, J. 1:15 Greenberg, L. F. 10:25 Greenblatt, H. 10:30 Greenburg, J. W. 9:30 Greenwood, D. S. 3:30 Gregory, M. W. 9:35 Grice, W.H. 10:35 Gridley, D. 10:55 Griest, O. F. 1:25 Gross, C. R. 8:50 Gross, Ed. 1:30 Gross, j. E. 4:45 Grove, C. C. 4:50 Grover, E. A. 1:55 Haag, W. K. 4:55 Haas, R. S. 2:55 Haase, Eleanor 1 1:50 Hagemeyer, E. Merle 1 :35 Hagen, D. 10:40 Hall, J.
mo
2:50 3:55 1:40 11:55 1:50 9:55 3:25 2:45 2:05 2:10 3:00 2:15 2:20 2:25 2:30 9:40 2:35 8:40 8:45 2:40 3:05 3:10 9:50 3:15 3:20 3:35 3:40 3:45 3:50 9:45 1:20 1:45 4:20
Hall, R. Hall, R. E. Hall, R. L. Hallett, F. Hamman, P. Hann, E. Hannon, Mary Hansen, W. (Hardin, E. Harms, V. Harper, Helen Harper, J. W. Harrington, H. Harris, J. Harris, W. J. Hart, L. Hart, W. Hartley, D. Hartman, D. . Hartman, F. B. Hartman, G. O. Harvey, R. Haskins, D. Hass, Bettie Hastings, A. T. Hatala, M. Havener, L. Hawkins, J. Haycock, R. Hess, L. Ramsay, K. Ray, Willetta Welsch, J.
WEDNESDAY, OCT. 11
11:00 8:20 9:10 9:00 9:05 8:00 1 :05 8:10 10:00 8:15 I 1 :05 1 :00 8:25 8:30 10:05 II :10 10:10 10:15 9:15 8:40 8:05 8:55 4:00 9:20 9:25 11:15 1 :10 1 :15 2:00
Abram, M. W. Alexander, G. E. Anderson, R. A. Cahill, J. B. Caldwell, Anita Canada, T.^L. Cantley, W. G. Cappel, R. E. Cariquist, E. Carlson, A. B. Carroll, Georgia Carson, Mary Carter, Ethel Carter, S. L. Carter, W. G. Case, P. W. Case, W. B. Caskey, R. H. Cassity, R. Chaffee, L. L. Chaille, Maxine Chandler, R. L. Chatham, E. A. Cheney, V. A. Childers, C. A. Chu, Chien Clapp, Winifred Clark, E. F. Clark, H. K.
10:20 11:20 I 1:30 2:05 1 :20 1 :55 1 :50 2:55 11:35 II :40 4:10 3:05 4:15 10:25 1:25 1:30 11:45 9:30 .J :35 4:20 8:45 9:35 4:25 11:50 4:30 9:55 3:55 3:50 3:45 3:40 2:50 4:35 8:50 4:40 3:35 2:45 4:45 4:50 3:30 4:55 2:40 11 ;55 2:30 10:30 1:45 1 :40 10:55 2:15 2:20 2:10 2:25 3:15 3:20 10:35 10:40 9:40 10:45 10:50 9:45 9:50 3:00 2:35 3:25 3:10 8:35 4:05
Clarke, A. B. Cleveland, R. Clinton, A. H. Clymer, Mary Coan, C. L. Cochrun, J. W. Coe, H. Coffman, B. H. Cohen, Estelle Colby, R. L. Colip, C. D. Coll, I. M. Cones, V. B. Conklin, F. M. Conklin, R. H. Cook, Barbara Cook, Josephine Cooley, Catherine Coon, Virginia Coonterman, L. B. Cooper, P. T. Coppes, R. I. Cordua, F. R. Core, W. Rr Cornell, L. A. Couden, E. P. Cougill, C. E. Cox, Gladys Cox, R. W. Crankshaw, Margaret Crawford, J. 0. Cregan, J. D. Crepps, Thais Croft, W. D. Crow, W. R. Croop, F. J, Crum, C. j. Culp, G. R> Curnich, J. C. Curtner, R. L. Daley, J. L. Dann, T. E. Darmer, P. H. Darnell, M. C. Davidson, Melba Davis, j. O. Davis, J. J. Davis, M. L. Davis, R. L. Davison, Joyce Day, Roy Dean, J. I! Deer, H. DeHoog, R. F, Denzier, j. J. Deshong, J. A. DeWitte, L. R. Dickey, A. R. Dietrich, V. E. Dougherty, R. V. Goldstein, H. Gross, Willomine Gustafson, Marguerite Miller, P. E. Reece, Lois Wells, W. H.
(uBbhXA, ‘ComfdidiL QampuA. QojoaheujSL
The Scorecard There’s a murmur in the wind today . . . the South is happy, or should be ... Texas, Oklahoma, Alabama, and Georgia Tech all served notice that they will be plenty tough this season . . . three of them upset northern opponents which we had faith enough to pick. Phil Johnson and John Willsey were the best guessers this week, with two more right than last week’s winners . . . each picked 13 and were wrong in six cases ... in addition to that Johnson was the only one who chose Nebraska over the Gophers ... he also gave Yale a three-point margin . . . Willsey was one of two guessers who preferred Oklahoma and Alabama . . . he had the correct margin in the Alabama victory. Tied for second place in the voting with 12 right and seven wrong were E. M. Katzenberg, C. C. Litzenberger, of the veterinary department, J. H. Papurca, and J. L. Traugott . . . Katzenberg hit the Ala-bama-Fordham 7-6 score on the nose . . . Litzenberger was one of two who picked Kentucky over Vanderbilt ... he also came close on the Rice 13-0 win ... he gave the Vanderbilt eleven a field goal . . . Papurca, who tied for itop honors last week, was closest on the Tennessee 42-0 win ... he guessed just one point shy for Tennessee. Traugott was one of two who saw the Texas win over the Badgers . . . R. L. Reiley did not guess with the best this week, but picked one exactly right, the*6-0 Carnegie TechTemple game . . . Jane Arnold was close on the Tennessee result with 45 points guessed for the victor .. . J. A. Hebbeler gave them 46. Others wKo came close in places were Adamson and Hebbeler, who were within one point of the RiceCentenary score . . . Adamson also
Saturday's Upsets Prove Disastrous To Big Ten Minnesota, Northwestern, Wisconsin Fall Michigan, Ohio State, Iowa Still Unbeaten
By Phil Johnson
Receiving a staggering blow to their bid for American football supremacy, the Western Conference is still reeling from the effects of a “Waterloo” on the gridiron last Saturday. A survey of the ruins only two weeks after the initiation of the 19391940 season reveals that only three teams of the “Big Nine and Chicago” remain undefeated or untied.
picked Texas . . . Jelnick was one of two Oklahoma pickers . . . Jim McKee was one of the two who chose Oklahoma over Northwestern ... he gave them a one-point margin ... they added 22 by themselves. Along with the sports editor, who guessed only 11 right, were John Adamson, Len Haverkamp, Stew Marquis, and Tom Jelnick. Next week should be another bad one, we think. Here is the scorecard:
Wolverines Win Only the Wolverines of Michigan, favorites for the 1939-1940 Big Ten title, and dark horses Iowa and Ohio State are still able to boast a clean
slate.
Probably the worst upsets of the day were, dealt by Nebraska and Oklahoma in their stunning victories over Minnesota and Northwestern, the teams regarded by preseason prognosticators as Michigan’s strongest rivals for the conference championship this season.
Gophers Drop
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER
4tli and Ferry
Minnesota Purdue m. xt i. * Michigan Iowa Nebraska second string backOhio State Northwestern field was responsible for the lone Wisconsin Indiana touchdown which spelled defeat for Chicago Harvard Golden Gophers. The CornhuskSo. California Illinois midway in the second Iowa State Nebraska period, easily repulsed all scoring Michigan State Marquette threats of the defending Big Ten
Notre Dame So. Methodist. champions.
Pittsburgh Duke Numerous fumbles by the NorthNavy Dartmouth backfield, magnificant puntYale Pennsylvania Sooners, and the debut Columbia Army of sophomore Bill DeCorrevont, Princeton Cornell Wildcat “glamor boy,” were the outTexas Oklahoma standing highlights in the OklaTulane Fordham avalanche which stymied the Louisiana State Rice Northwestern squad to the tune of
North CaroUna NYU 23 to 0.
California Oregon Wisconsin Falls Stanford UCLA Adding insult to the injury hand-
ed to the midwesterners was the decisive defeat handed Wisconsin by a surprisingly strong University of Texas eleven, 17 to 7. The Texans tallied fifteen points in the third period of the contest while holding the Badgers pointless until the last
three minutes of play.
Nile Kinnick, stellar Iowa back, continued his All-American bid by slinging three touchdown passes and sparking the Hawkeye attack to victory by the basketball score of 32 to 29. This victory spelled the first Big Ten win at home for the lowans since October, 1933, and gave them the lead of the Conference parade for at least a week.
Lafayette
CREW MAN ''PUTS IN HIS OAR'
When asked about Can’t Bust ’Em CAMPUS CORDS, Stroke Orr said; “They’re snappy and |n good form, they can hold their own against all comers. They’re at least two boat-lengths ahead of aU other trousers for wear.
$5-50
Ounwai
I UHnniiTV4nu0 YWMMiii
*■«*»/!• *M\w^»|, „ % >
rl,V-( ^^•/-' , * f1 '.,. '►HjS.-Th ,V. ^ <,Vlk/,. /
" I
?>
THE PURDHE EXPONENt
Tu0S<lciy< October 10< 1939
£iJuih£djHA~ By Hank Miller Judging from the comments we received on the story concerning Don Foust, tales relating the boners pulled by radioites are quite in order. In coming columns, we will tell several of them, some concerning local people and some concerning nationally known stars. We hope, however, that nobody will be shocked by any of them. Mary Alice Miller and Joyce Burnham conduct a program over WBAA on Satm-day at 12 noon, known as “The Woman Shopper” during which they interview women that are downtown shopping. A short time back, Mary Alice was interviewing a woman shopper and the conversation went something like this: Mary Alice: “. . . and do you have any children?” Woman: “Why, yes, I have four.” Mary Alice: “Oh, my goodness, I interviewed a woman a moment ago who had two and I thought that was a pretty big job.” Nice going, Mary Alice.
Tonight is a good night for music with a lot of high-powered artists dishing it out. Mary “My Heart Belongs to Daddy” Martin joins the Tuesday Night Party with Walter O’Keefe at 7:30 on WBBM. At 8, Artie Shaw gives out on the Melody and Madness program with Bob Benchley and Jimmie Durante on WENR. At 8:30, Bob Crosby swings out on WBBM while 9 o’clock brings Skinnay Ennis on the Bob Hope show over WMAQ and Hal Kemp’s Time to Shine, on WBBM. —e-e— For good homespun wit and comedy along with good music, we advise Fibbei McGee and Molly at 8:30 on WMAQ. —e-e— We have reliable information from Chicago that Light’s Out is scheduled to return to the air sometime this fall. Date and time are not set yet. —e-e— Tonight bungs some raie entertainment when the Aldiich Family, with the ace tiouble-maker Henry Aldrich, comes on at its new time of 7 o’clock over WLS. The Aldrich Family, you will remember, is the show that tilled in foi Jack Benny during the summei and made such a hit. —e-e— Trying to mention everybody’s favorite program is an impossibility, but if there are any of you who have a question about, or if you have lost track of a program, or if you just want to complain, put a note in the Exponent box at the Union desk and address it to Ether Edits. We’ll do our best to please. Well, so long gates, let’s abbreviate (swipped from Colonna).
WBAA I Today 11:Q0—The Dentist Says 11:15—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:15—Music Box 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Rosalind McClanahan 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:15—Electrical Shops 1:30—Songs and Melodies 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Special Program 2:15—Melody Moods 2:30—You and Your Child 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—The Voice of Industry: Railroads 3:30—Glenn Paxton, organist 3:45—Afternoon Music 4:00—Jane Caldwell 4:15—Exponent of the Air 4:30—^Virginia Reed, violinist 4:45—Story Book Hour
dUm, and. d(6h. By Georgann Schilling
The night of the thirteenth should be a night in itself; but when the notorious Gold Diggers’ Ball is tossed in for good measure, we think we’ve got something. As far back as our under-sized brain can recollect, this dames’ dance has been super, each year’s entertainment being of a finer grade. Some of the sweet shop Joes are planning ways to cop one of those prizes. There are enough great lovers and Casonovas around here, but frankly we’re curious about the crop of eligible bachelors. Time will tell. H&H Saturday night was the time for much hooraying at various spots around the campus. The Sigma Nus honored their pledges at a Jail Dance. The affair for which Irvan Maury played was strictly sport dress — even coats being frowned upon. Paul Reedy and his band played for the pledge dance at the Lambda Chi house Saturday night, while Harry McCrady played for dancers at the Phi Kappa house. Bill Martin’s band members were the featured music makers at the Pi Kappa Alpha house for their pledge dance. H&H A young man whom we’d like to nominate for top honors of the week is Bobby Reed, one of the main-stays of Harry McCrady’s band. Bob was injured in the wreck which the band members had several week-ends ago. He now is in a plaster cast from his hips to the top of his head. Yet, even handicapped by this large bit of excess baggage. Bob is going to continue blowing his trumpet in the band during this winter season. That’s what we call spunk. H&H We’ve been doing a bit of research work on coming events as far as fraternities are concerned. This strenuous schedule may hit you as hard as a fifth scotch and soda, yet it’s authentic, so here goes. Saturday, October 14, informal dances at the ATO, SPE, Theta Chi, Acacia, and Theta Xi houses; on Friday, October 20, Sigma Pi barn
DISTINCTIVE IN DUALITY EXHILAHATINO AND HEFHESHINQ
LOCB & H e NC COMPAMY
Save 20c on Your Lunch EAT AT TOM'S TODAY'S BARGAIN VALUE SPECIAL Tender Succulent Fried Spring Chicken, Old Fashioned Country Gravy, French Fried Potatoes, Sliced Ripe Tomatoes, Pan Roll and Butter. A Meal That is a Meal — 25c
FREE —BLACK COW Across From The Armory
dance and Triangle informal dance; on October 21, the Kappa Delta Rho dance; on October 28, dances at Phi Kappa Sigma house. Phi Kappa Tau house. Delta Tau Delta, and the Beta-Phi Delt pledge dance at the Beta house. Oh it’s not for knowledge that we came to college, but— well, see you tomorrow.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in AKricnltarist room of Union Thursday, October 12, at 7:80 p. m. This date is for this week only / because of convocation. Hereafter on Tuesday. Attendancfe is compulsory. —LILLY.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in Agriculturist room of Union. All members please attend and bring passports. —BELLES.
QIid«r Club: Meet Thursday, October 12, at 7:80 p. m. in room 0 of the Union. Attendance for pledges and members is compulsory. Bring dues. —MILLER. Scriveners: Important meeting in Scrivener office on Tuesday, October 10, at 4 n. m. —SPRINGGATE.
WAA Ballroom Dancing Class: Due to convocation the class will Wednesday, October 11. instead of Monday.
Alpha Zeta: Regular meeting at 7 p. m., Wednesday, October 11, in room A of the Union. Important. —HITCHCOCK.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT POUR ROOM and bath unfurnished apartment Strictly modern, large rooms, front and rear private entrances. 175 Littleton. Call 2919.
Battery A4: Softball game Tuesday, October 10, at 4.10 p. m. Meet at middle gate of Intramural Field. —BERG.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting Tuesday, October 10, at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. —MITCHELL.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 10, for work assignments : Neuman, Glazer, Packman, Gerke, Murrill, Barth, Nusbaum, and Bard. —OTT. Delta Rho Kappa: Regular meeting on Wednesday, October 11, at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural office. Union building. Please bring 60 cents dues. —^ESTEY. Sophomore Union Workers: Impotent meeting of my staff on Wednesday, October 11, at 4 p. m in the Union office. —CROW.
Junior Military: Sections 0, D,E, and P will form in the space north of Ar^^ Wednesday, October 12, to Corps Day Review. A motor tottallon wiU be organized. Wear
Student Senate: Short meeting of junior executives: Wise, Dilts, Zwierleln, Layson, McCammon, Van Horn, McKee, and Stewart in room A Tuesday, October 10, at 4 p m. —ESTEY,
FOR RENT—Two-room furnished apartment All new furniture, hot and cold water, gas and lights, $85.00 per month. 176 Littleton Call 2919
Gimlet: Important dinner meeting at Phi Delta Theta house Wednesday, October 11, at 6 p. m Please bring money or tickets from freshman-varsity game. —FRAZEE.
BOARD AND ROOMS—^Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416.
Glider Club: Work sessions at the Airport Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday afternoons. All pledges are expected to attend. -—MILLER.
Silver Mask: All members of Silver Mask please attend a special meeting in the old Agriculturist’s office on Wednesday, October 11, at 6 p. m. —NEPTUNE. Cosmopolitan Club: Open meeting for all students interested in Cosmopolitan Club to be held in room C of the Union at 4 tSQ p m. on Friday, October 18. A special event will be announced at that time. —SCHICKEL.
Modem Dance: Junior Modem Dance meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4:00. Senior Modern Dance group meets evew Wednesday at 7:16 and every ^ay at 4, (10-12) —KNIGHT. CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on^tu^y. October 28. —GREVE. Radio Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building tomg pencil and paper. —^PATTLKoUJN. Hydraulics (C. E. 41): An examination for the removal of C and I held in room 203 of the C. E. building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday,_^tober^28.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—One raccoon coat, as good as new. Call 7409.
Committee of 100: There will be a meeting of all members of the Committee of 100 Thursday, October 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building. —DOAN.
TYPEWRITERS—Ail makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $20.76. Supplies. C. F. EberehoS, 60E Main Street.
Co-ed House Presidents Council: Meeting to elect officers Thursday, October 11, at 7:16 p. m. in room A of the Union. A representative from each house must be present. —MITCHELL.
MISCELLANEOUS LOST—Gray rain coat, London label, ME, EE , or Sweet Shop. Reward. Fosse, 2362
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting in room A of the Union on Wednesday, October 11, at 7:46 p m. —SICKMAN.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Important meeting Thursday, October 12, in Chemistry 106 at 7 p. m —HALL.
Basic Military: All basic military students whose uniforms do not fit correctly will please report to Supply Room at once for exchange (10-16) —HOLMES
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Fyday—4:15
Military Ball Committee: Meeting in room 206 of Armory Tuesday, October 10, at 4pm —BUTTERFIELD.
Subscribe To The Exponent
WAA Riflery: Six practices must be turned in before December 9.^ The following practice schedule will be in effect: Monday: 6:80—Ward 1 and Twin Pines 7:00—Co-edda and Glenwood House. 7:30—The Gables and Otter-Be-Inn. 8:00—Make-up. 8:30—Kappa Kappa Gamma Tuesday: 6 :30—^Ward 2 and Theophilus 13. 7 :00—Collegianna and Kappa Alpha Theta 7 :30—WRH North 8:00—Pedalion and Chi Omega. 8 '30—Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday: 6 ;30—Riley House and SHE House. 7:00—Ann Teedale House and Brockway Co op House. 7 :30—WRH South. 8 :00—^Thaeles. 8 30—Phi Mu. Thursday: 6 "30—Ward 4. 7.00—^Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta 7 80—WRH West. 8 -00—Make up. (10-16) —HARRISON.
Tau Beta Pi: Short but important organization meeting at 7 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in the Union reception roo^ —CATTERALL.
^Christian Science Organization: Due to the convocation a special meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 10, at 7 p. m. in room F of the
Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 16, please sign up in senate office immediately. —ESTEY.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting at 7:30 p m. Wednesday, October 11, in room F of the Union. —OLSON
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting at 140 S. Grant at 6 p. m. for supper Tuesday, October 10. —GLEASON. Christian Student Fellowship: Group meetings on Monday evenings for the reet of the semester at 7:30 in Union Building. (10-12) —BURBRINK. Senior and Junior Military Stndents: Sign payroll in Armory office immediately. Delay in signing means delay in receiving pay. (10-10) —ADJUTANT^ M. E. Stndents: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of tiie M. El build(1016) -BRYAN.
VISION in its truest sense is not only seeing, but also the ability to have an “eye to the future." Neither of these is possible if you do not see clearly and comfortably, and in that case it would be wise to have your eyes examined by DR. A. ENZ, Jr. 607 Main Phone 2605
Crown Cleaned Clothes All Over the World From all parts of the continent young folks come to attend Purdue. For two decades we have been serving these students with Dry Cleaning Service of the highest character. This long experience is your protection. Grown Immm f^'lNE CLEA^NERS OF FINE CLOT H"'e S
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discerning buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
...SEND your laundry home by convenient Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect’’, you know. So phone our agent today. He’ll call for your weekly package, speed It away by fast express train, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and It’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839 .., A Ctntury of Strvic*,,. 1939 RAIL.WAY Express AGENCY. INC. . NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Hardware
• School Supplies
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGEKTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INK 808 Main St, 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Risk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th 6 Main phono 5701
Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828 ■ ' ”U I - n, III
'i