»» r^»B/?- S , * 1^,^
ep^mappiiaiiiipsim »5'fe ,r--“* 1
i a~ P / 3’'
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain or snow probable; colder today, rising temperature tomorrow.
■s ' Purdue Exponent
TDESDAT Febniccry 28« 1939 Lafayette/Indiana VoLSO No^l25
Boilermakers Trample Boosiers By 11 Points In Fast, Rough Battle Before Capacity Crowd
Varsity Show Managerial Positions Filled By Board
At a combined meeting last night of the Playshop Managing Board and Musical Organizations Executive Board the managerial positions for the 1939 Varsity Show were filled. The appointments are as follows: Paul Worcester, rehearsal assistant for voices; Martha Moorhead, librarian for vocal music; Irving Smulevitz, librarian for orchestral music; Joseph Donovon, business manager; Myra McKee, house manager; Richard Luckenbill, ticket and sales manager. William Yeoman, promotion manager; Lawrence Archibald, advertising assistant; Vernon Hobbs, press assistant; Meritt Miller, stage manager; Arthur Lindsey, assistant stage manager. Charles Bredes, master carpenter; William Spreuer, master electrician; Carmen Rivadeniera, wardrobe mistress; Robert Hewitt, makeup artist; Barbara Gibbs, dance director; and Bernice Beisel, rehearsal assistant for cast. The final date for the show will in all probability not be chosen until the date for the Junior Prom has been definitely decided upon. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop director, stated that the production would probably be selected before the end of the week. The c^st for the show will be chosen following the selection of the production. All of the positions announced above are subject to the approval of the Dean of Men. AH Banquet Tonight To Honor Lowly Pig Tribute will be paid the supposedly lowly pig at the Animal Husbandry banquet at 6 p. m. tonight in the Central Presbyterian auditorium. Hoof and Horn Club will present the “Pork Pageant” written by Dr. John Ashton, of Texas A. & M. College. Dr. Ashton is an Englishman who formerly was on the staff of the Breeders’ Gazette and editor of southwestern agriculture papers. An historical background is to be brought out in the scene entitled “DeSoto Offering Roast Pork to the Chiasaw Indians,” because many of DeSoto’s men died from what is now known as “pellagra.” due to the want of fresh meat in their diet. All throughout history there have been many important war engagements won through the proper diet of man, and many expeditions have either been failure or successes because of diets. Over 250 persons are expected to attend the banquet and witness the pageant which will have Lowell Hardin and “Whitey” Johnson in I'the leads. G. M. Smith To Speak Today On Sweet Corn At Ames Glenn M. Smith, of the botany staff of the Experiment Station, will speak at Iowa State College, Ames, la., today. His subject will be “Breeding and Selection of Sweet Corn.” Smith is recognizfed by the leading men in his field, as the outstanding breeder of sweet com in the United States. His golden cross bantam, a variety which he developed several years ago, is now being grown for canneries throughout the nation.
Igney Leads Scoring As Indiana Goes Down For Final County 45-34
Scabbard And Blade Committee Devises Unique Decorations Scabbard and Blade actives, pledges and guests will dance to the music of Joe Cappo and his orchestra in the Union ballroom Friday evening, March 3, in the annual military honorary formal dance. Only members and pledges will wear uniforms, while guests will wear tux and tails. Scabbard and Blade actives and pledges are requested to secure their invitations at the supply room by tomorrow at 4:30 p. m. As usual, corsages are not to be worn. 'The dance committee has devised some very novel decorations, one of which is the projection of slides on a white backdrop which will cover three quarters of the north wall. They will consist of Fort Knox scenes, and will be changed every three minutes. This idea was tried and found to work perfectly. The hallway leading to the ballroom will be designed as a trench which will contain sand bags, barbed wire and a dugout. Members of the dance committee are Hal Lownie, Bob Hirchert, Don Manlove, Jim Tammer, Art Levin, Charles Heiberder, Lloyd Treece, and Bob Heine, chairman. Prof., Mrs, Patterson T0 Give Puppet Show Thursday Afternoon “The Willow Plate,” a puppet show prepared by Prof, and Mrs. D. H. Patterson, will be presented at an open YWCA meeting Thursday afternoon at 4 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. The play is a Chinese love story based on designs from the popular blue and white willow plates. During the past six years Prof. Patterson, an instmctor in the modern language department, and his wife have developed a repertoire of puppet shows for adults and also children, most of their plays being adapted from folk stories. The Patterson’s have built their own theater which is eight feet long, eight feet high, and four feet deep. About 40 puppets, designed and dressed by the Pattersons, make up their troupe. Martha Baker, in charge of arrangements for the program, emphasized the fact that all co-eds are invited to attend the meeting. Varieties Tryouts To Start Today At 5 Campus Varieties tryouts will be held this afternoon at 5 p. m. in WBAA’s studios on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building. All forms of talent are requested—^vocalists, male and female; comedy teams; instrumentalists— such as accordion, pianist; and dialecticians. Foreign students who can sing native songs or play native instruments are especially desired. All those who are chosen will be given WBAA station credit for their time spent on the air. Russ Mock, local pianist, will be on hand to accompany any singers.
.. . director of the Florida Clubmen who will play for the regular mixer here Saturday night at one dollar per couple. Hudson has been featured at the Miami Biltmore, Coral Gables Country Club, Hollywood Beach Hotel, Daytona’s Chateaux Lido, and over the NBC and Mutual networks. Purdue, Chicago Join in Open Discussion Thursday Afternoon A round table discussion, sponsored by the University forensic board, will be held in room 9 of the Education Building on Thursday, March 2. The discussion will be lead by two students from Chicago University and two local students. The subjects under discussion will be, “Educational Plans for Purdue and Chicago,” and “What an Educated Man of the 20th Century Should Know.” The Chicago representatives will be Byron Kabot and Webb Siser, while Purdue will be represented by Robert Spitzer and Margaret Jones. WLW Will Award Two Scholarships To Ag Graduates WLW, the Nation’s Station, will award two scholarships to the best qualified competitors for positions as farm radio broadcast and program work directors, according to an announcement made by George C. Biggers, WLW Agriculture Director. The competition will be open to agriculture students of land grant colleges who will graduate in 1939, and wish to compete for the scholarships awarded. Winners will receive practical training in all phases of radio work, with the training being from July 1 to December 31. Judges for the contests are: Wallace B. Kadderly, 4:hief of radio. United States Department of Agriculture; Carl Menzer, president of the National Association of Educational Broadcasters; and John J. Lacey, director of information, American Farm Bureau Federation, of Chicago. Applicants for the awards will be judged on their college grades, student activities and honoraries, their ability in writing and recording a five minute farm news broadcast; a manuscript of an interview with a farm authority, a report of their survey among 10 farm families to determine radio preferences, and a short thesis on the subject, “How I would plan and schedule farm features for a radio station in my state.”
By Bob McDonald
Purdue proved conclusively that they couldn’t be beaten twice by the same team last night, when they downed the splendid Indiana University basketball squad by the decisive score of 45-34 before a capacity crowd in a thrilling, closely fought contest. Although threatened several times during the game, the Boilermakers did not relinquish their lead, and the Crimson squad succeeded in tying the score only twice. Playing their best game of the year, the Boilermakers’ intense desire to down the fighting Hoosiers led them into committing 19 personal fouls, with Yeager going out via the foul route in the last period.
Igney, Weber Star
Little Bob Igney was again the spark of the Purdue offensive play, scoring 11 points during the game. Big Forest Weber delivered a highly commendable game at the pivot position and was a big factor in holding down the scoring of the Indiana squad by his excellent work in obtaining the ball on rebounds. Blubbery Ernie Andres was high for the Crimson squad, scoring five points each half for a total of 10.
Students To Discuss Teaching Faults In Open Forum Tonight Discussing “What is wrong with teaching at Purdue,” a student forum, led by two faculty members and two students will be held tonight at 7:30 in the Union faculty lounge. The subjects of “grading on the curve,” “50 per cent D’s,” “the necessity of students buying expensive textbooks written by their instructors,” “failing 50 per cent of the freshman class,” “Saturday classes and “7 and 5 o’clock classes,” will be dealt with in the forum which is open to all. According to Bob Carr, senior forensic manager, anyone is welcome to attend and may express his opinions on the subjects freely. Prof. M. W. Todd of the civil engineering school and Prof. Marion Willoughby of the home economics department from the faculty, and Mary Alice Reaming, WSGA president, and H. I. Stanback, Exponent editor, repijesenting the students, will lead the group. Lucy Demoret will be chairman. PI A To Sponsor New Series Of Classes For Rookie Dancers PIA is sponsoring a series of eight beginners’ ballroom dancing lessons which will be taught by Miss Helen Knight of the physical education department. The first of these lessons will be held tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym, the second next Tuesday evening, March 7, and the remaining six will be held on Monday nights. A fee of three dollars, payable tonight, will be charged for the series. Although these lessons are sponsored by the PIA, they are open to all students. It is advisable for each fellow to bring a girl, since both may take the course upon the payment of the three dollar fee. U. S. Representatives Complete HE Study Miss Beulah I. Coon, agent for studies on research, and Miss Rua Van Horn, both from the United States Office of Education, left the University Saturday after a week of work with the Home Economics staff on curriculum revision. Under the supervision of Miss Coon, several research studies were undertaken by the Home Economics and Education Schools’ staff to determine what changes in curriculum and in teaching methods are needed. Mrs. Agnes Watson-Wells, state supervisor of vocational home economics, attended part of the meet-
ings.
Florists Will Stage Show In Fowler Hall Thursday Evening Floral Musical, held annually in connection with the State Florists’ Conference, will be staged in Eliza Fowler Hall Thursday evening at 7:30. The Glee Club and the Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will furnish the music. Beauty Queens and co-eds with their escorts, together with older people and children, will model the flowers in a series of scenes depicting Christmas, St. Valentines Day, Easter, Mothers Day, and other holiday occasions during the year. James Fisher, floral designer of Kokomo, will design the floral pieces for the show and Prof. E. R. Hone3rwell and A. P. Stewart will arrange the program. The musical will be open to students and townspeople as well as visiting florists. There will be no admission charge. New Union Workers To Meet Today For Group Discussions Freshmen Union workers have been (assigned to their respective committees and will meet with the vice-president in charge in the Union ballroom today at 4 p. m., according to a recent announcement by Ted Cabonargi, Union executive. The staffs will meet in several groups around the ballroom to become acquainted ’ivith their duties and each other. Co-ed workers, whose names appear twice are asked to meet with the co-ed vice-presi-dent to whom they have been assigned. Completed questionnaires should be turned in at this time also. Following is a list of the assignments which will be posted later in the Union office. Additional freshmen may come out by registering in the Union office. Committees are as follows: Ashton—Janies Adams, Jack Bremer, T. V. Cherrington, Gene Enlow, Alvin Grefrath, Tom Keefer, Don Miller, Emilio Ratti. J. M. Shaver, Jim Walley, K. D. Young, Jane Julin, Virginia Sommer, Harriet Forgey, Betty Broyles, Mary R. Craig, Jane Winterlowd, Pat McCorkle, Ban Adkins. Brubeck—W. E. Allen, Robert Browar, R. Coleman, H. P. Evans, J. R. Haller, R. A. Keir^er, J. A. Miller, C. Riegle, G. Shawkins, W. G. Kl^hfoth, P. K. Zimmerman, Virginia Stech, M. Funkhouser, Betty Campbell, Eleanor Miller, Betty WoelfEle, E. Mellendorf, Janet Avery, Florence Justin. Cooper—^Henry Amsler, T. G. BushneU. J. C. Cooper, J. S. Ehrans, A. A. Harban, H. Knight, L. H. Miller, Jack Roland, 0. J. Sheets, G. H. Whetzell, Jim Kutz, Joan Cooper, B. Van Bergen, B. Partenheimer, I. Baumgartner, Barbara Stocker, Maeta Kaplan, Mandy Guthrie. De Mars—Charles Barr, Fred Brunner, Franklin Corya. C. Feathemigill, John Heimieh, George Landers, P. Miller, V. W. (Continued on page 3)
Purdue (45)
B. F. P.
TP
Igney, f
5 13
11
Fisher, f
3 2 3
8
Zink, f
2 0 1
4
Weber, c
3 13
7
Anderson, c
12 2
4
Yeager, g
0 14
1
Dickinson, g
oil
1
Beretta, g .
3 3 3
9
Totals
...... 17 11 20
45
Indiana (34)
B. F. P.
TP
Dro, f
2 2 3
6
Ooley, f
0
Armstrong, f
0 13
1
Johnson, f ...
2 2 2
6
Menke, c ....
15 2
7
Andres, g
4 2 2
10
Huffman, g
114
3
Motter, g
oil
1
Francis, g ..
0 0 1
0
Totals .
10 14 19
34
Big Ten Standings
Indiana
9 2
.818
Ohio State
9 2
.818
Illinois
8 3
.667
PURDUE
6 4
.600
Minnesota 6 Northwestern 5 Wisconsin 4 Iowa 3 Michigan 2 Chicago 2
.545 .455 .364 .273 .200 .200
Lab Group To Give Two Plays Tonight Laboratory Group of Playshop will present it’s first production of the year tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall. The program will consist of two short plays, “The Lighthouse Keepers” and “J. Smith and Wife.” Jack Armitage will direct “The Lighthouse Keepers” and Bill Carr will direct “J. Smith and Wife.” The audience will be composed of a select group of students, faculty, and townspeople who have been invited, according to Bob Hewitt, manager of the group. Union Will Sponsor Tea Dance Tomorrow Student Union will sponsor a tea dance in the Union ballroom tomorrow from 4 to 6:30 p. m. This is the second Union Tea Dance of the semester. The dance is free and a cordial invitation is extended by Union officials to all students. Recordings of the music of Tommy Dorsey, Kay Kyser, Guy Lombardo, Wayne King, and Bmmv Goodman, will furnish the music.
41k£dihfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^uduASUL
Tuesday, February 28,1939
Teaching At Purdue... . . . will form the background for discussion tonight at a student forum which will try to answer the question, “What is wrong with teaching at Purdue?” Both students and faculty members will take part in the forum, which is to be held under the sponsorship of forensic managers and which will be led by Lucy Demoret. Points we have discussed in our Good Teaching campaign as well as many others we have not yet covered will be brought up for consideration. Perhaps the forum will not solve all Purdue’s teaching problems; but merely bring them to light is a step in the right direction. Tte solution of these problems will not be accomplished in a hurry. It will teke many forums, many meetings, and unlimited cooperation. Tonight’s forum will mark the tet stir of action on the campus .. . we hope it will not also be the last. Final Decision... ... of this year’s all campus show controversy came last Saturday afternoon when a group representing the Student Senate, Playshop, and the musical organizations agreed on a production plan. The plan finally adopted is very similar to the original constitution which had been approved and ready for use until last Monday when an attempt was made to change it drastically. The original constitution which was the basis for rather bitter argument, both in meetings and in these columns, was approved for use in years to come by the ^oup present Saturday. (This approval was given after the word "^production” in the article setting up the board of control was changed to ""policies.”) Since the time for production of this year’s show is extremely limited, a plan which provides for a simplified organization was adopted for this year only. The board of control under this plan will consist of three students and two faculty members. To correct false impressions we may have created, we wish to say that students made the suggestions last Monday which would have limited the board of control to purely
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conirress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular acad^ic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief.. Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Efensler
Editor — Associate Editors-
PUBLtCATION STAFF Managing Editor ....L. S. Hardin City Editor. — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, E. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager .... E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebheler, B. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indians
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPnESENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTIEINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers RepresentaStve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHiCASO ■ Boston ■ Los Anoeles - san Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Insley Issue Editor^Heiple Tuesday, February 28, 1939
faculty membership. Most of the trouble that has kept the all-campus show in the limelight of notoriety this semester has come from misunderstandings in interpretation of the constitution. Changes in the wording of this constitution have eliminated these misunderstandings, so that now we may hope for harmony ... and a good show.
and
By Georgaim Sehilling
Such fine slush! After tramping around all day in the stuff, we began to regret letting the dog run away with our galoshes. Anyhow the snow was pretty while it lasted. And this past week-end was an exciting time for a good many people, among them the lads in Harry McCrady’s band. The band played at the Butler Fieldhouse on Friday night; and during the course of the evening. Tommy Dorsey, who is now plasdng a week’s engagement at one of the Indianapolis theaters, dropped in on the dance. Tommy was accompanied by his songstress, Edythe Wright, and before long both Dorsey and Edythe were going through their tricks with the band. Sounds like nice work, boys. —H-H— We saw a clever idea put into use kbout a week ago at a triad dance. The members of Phi Kappa fraternity wore a recognition pin in place of the usual top stud accompanying formal attire. This custom originated in an Eastern university, and seemes to be something new and different for male formal grooming. —H-H— Congrats to Jane Ostrander, the new freshman queen. Jane is a West Side girl and a brunette. Just proves that Purdue is no exception in the 1939 craze for brunette beauty. Surveys seem to indicate that blondes are definitely “out” this year. Most of the trouble (or should we say change of favorites) was brought about by the appearance of a certain Hedy LaMarr. This young lady’s fame has spread hither and yon. We even saw a squib about her posted on the bulletin board of the library last week. It read, “Purdue Lions Roar Approval of Hedy LaMarr.”
Debris Announces Price Rise March 3 Price of the current issue of the Debris will jump from $4.50 to $5.00 starting March 3. To date approximately 2,000 copies have been sold, and Debris officials expect an additional 700 sales. Approximately 80 per cent of the copy is now in the hands of the engravers and the additional 20 per cent must be in by March 20. McClendon To Tell Flyers Of Mechanic's Experiences C. H. McClendon, aircraft mechanic from the University airport, will speak on “Trials and Tribulations of an Airplane Mechanic” before the Plying Club Thursday, March 2, in room F of the Union. McClendon came here in 1936 and took hjs training under Capt. Aretz. The meeting will be open to everyone.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard Show: “St. Louis Blues.” Where. Lafayette Theater. When: February 26, 1939. Some top-notch singing and musical numbers are added to season mediocre acting and a patched-up story to produce “St. Louis Blues,” screen hash at the Lafayette. Principal boast of the production is Dorothy Lamour, who dazzles us with her beautiful eyes and even manages to work in one of those sarong appearances. The girl can sing, too, and renders some new song numbers in a pleasing manner. However, Maxine Sullivan, the colored singing sensation puts Lamour in the shade. In a lilting, effortless style she thrills us with everything from “Basin Street Blues” and “Loch Lomond” to the classical numbers. Lamour is cast as a Broadway singing star who boards Lloyd Nolan’s “Showboat” in flight from her manager.
Purdue Home Games Yet To Be Played
CHICAGO Monday, March 6
PIGGLY WIGGLY
LEARN TO DANCE A Private Lesson Will Be Given Free of Charge WEb., MARCH 1st 7:00 P. M. To Those Wishing to Enroll in Our NEW BEGINNERS CLASS / Phone 2150 ALLEN'S 6th & Ferry
A MENU NECESSITY Winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. Srd S».
Phone 5372
Bold ana Black Another weekend gone ... to the dogs! The Beta pledges deserve something... the hole in the doughnut ... winning the prize for having the most dates broken for one night ... at least a dozen of the stooges had their girls do the fade-out . . . As a consequence, Jean Carroll, Pi Phi, ended up with two dates for the same time, same place . . . namely Rex Mayfield and Monty Carpenter ... Monty’s (Rastus) date developed the flu at the last minute . .. Mayfield’s date disappeared ... so, hence the outcome! In the same boat stood Bill Crowe .. . she (his date) at the last minute had out of town visitors .. t Bill had to be satisfied with having “half a date” with Bob Brown’s cutie . . . Janice Yoemen . . . you figure it out . . . looks like a brain=storm!
3:00 A. M. soliloquy . . . almost . . . Louis Billman, K. D. R., hears Pat Wade shout “Get out, you vandal!” So out flies Louis . . . minus coats ... if anyone has the nerve to go to Pat’s residence and inquire for a gray plaid coat, please call the K. D. R, house . . , Liberal reward.
Around and round they go . . . and where they stopped . . . well, anyhow, the cutest picture this side of heaven was Kay Fosbrink being pulled around the campus Sunday night on a little red sled . . . They always say . . . we never grow up! Well, anyhow, some people never do!
Three whole days in the hospital . . . three Figi’s suffer with the dreaded flu . . . Vern Bebee, Bob Coppes and Bud Meyer . . . two beautiful nurses a swell Sunday night . . . Bob and Bud . . . minus the flu spend a smooth evening dating the nurses ... no wonder so many eds are asking Doc Miller for a rest cure at the hospitals! . . . While mentioning the Figi’s... Fred Menke must be in a daze about Jane Caldwell ... he even went to the trouble to meet her at the train coming in from Chicago this weekend . . . and what about Janet Klitzke and Bob Buck ... this is news!
To the friend of the “goon” and a real pal of Chuck Banks . . . the information regarding his last week’s import may or may not have been true . . . the information gathered was supposed to come from a reliable source ... if it was true . . . wear the shoe ... if not, sorry for misinformative printing ... everyone has to take a certain amount of razzing.
Noticed hanging around the Union Saturday night after the mixer four
SPECIAL this Week Starting Today Suits—Overcoats Plain Dresses Silk or Wool 49c CASH AND CARRY Our Finest Cleaning
Men’s Felt Hats
29c
LONG’S CLEANERS West Lafayette Office 134 East State St. Lafayette Office Cpr. 9th & Main Sts.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“I notice you’re a bit crowded—^might I suggest a drink that will put one or two of you under the table ?”
Theta Taus Kramer, Ott, Wente, and Heinrich . . . waiting for the four girl vocalists from BilPBardo’s orchestra ... these blossoming Casanovas didn’t make much progress . . . the band left town about a half hour later ... why not stick to local co-eds . . . boys? From the Pan Hell dance Friday night, gossip still lingers ... noticeably absent were Bottle Edwards ... Carl Swan . . . Dick McNeill . . . Farrell Ruppert . . ^ Bill Claypool . . . and many others . . . too many to bother with, and what about the
funny combinations .. . Mae Simms with Willie Wells . . . Ostrander with Stubby Meier... Vivian Peterson with Alan Shackleton , . . Sue Enders with Benny Burns ... oh, well, so what ? ? ? It was a swell dance, anyhow . . . the girls were out two bucks . . . the fellows, corsage money... and what do we have left? ? ? . , . experience! TO THE STUDENT SENATE In Spain they call bull-throwers Senors; here they just call them senators.
TODAY-WiDNESDAY
mmi MINS • ANN SHEiiMN MAY ROBSON • GLORIA DICKSON —EXTRA— “LINCOLN IN THE WHITE HOUSE" The Featurette oi the Year Filmed in Brilliant Technicolor
LUNA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
AYUEf ^ DAimYilMI Lynne Carver • Nat Pendleton Jo Ann Sayers • Samuel S. Hinds
— and —
RAINER rUNAND GRAVET MUJZA KORIUS
HUGH HERBERT^ luONELATWUl ' DiwcwJfcyjnBtaPwiiviw 20c tiU 6:00 After 6:00—10-20-25C
ftiAid
NOW SHOWING
The big show iRspIrsii by epic of heroism. RKO RADIO Picture, starring CARY 6RANT* VICTOR McLAGLEN' and UGLAS FAIRBANKS. Jr. wtm San Jaffa. Edaarte ClaRaelll. Jaan Faatalaa
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
«pd —
ALSO "Spider's Web/' Seriali-" -T"
^ 1 A ' / ^ PiK#
> " ^ Tuesday, February 28,1939
THE PURDIJE
Spo^dA.
'^3ff ,'p?"VSH
vyiDOTMrFMT iiio>yv^XMJCtiw X
Ohio State, Indiana Tie For Lead In Big Ten Conference
Minor Sports Teams Hold Open House In Fieldhouse After Basketball Game Open house was held in the Fieldhouse after the IndianaPurdue game last night to give spectators a chance to see some of the other Boilermaker sports squads in action. Nearly every minor sport was represented in the exhibition. The biggest attraction of the eve- —i—
ning was the pool, where members of the varsity and freshma,n tank teams competed in a swimming meet. Several events were run off and the yearlings put up a good fight, but lost the informal meet. The diving of Barbara Cook, talented Purdue co-ed, added to the show, as did that of Wildhack and Fahme, varsity divers. To climax the evening. Coach LaBree divided his squad into teams for a game of water polo to give the visitors an idea of how the game is played. In the upper gym the fencing team was one of the main attractions. Dressed in their unusual cost costumes, they gave an interesting exhibition for the onlookers most of whom had never seen the sport be-
fore.
The other teams, including boxing, wrestling, and squash were active; a couple of badminton and volley ball matches completed the scene.
Lyles, Senna psddajA
Fight Tonight
Boilermaker Net Squad Meets Ohio State, Chicago For Last Games Of Season Two Western Conference basketball games •remain on the Boilermakers' schedule for the curajent season. The squad invades Columbus, O., Saturday night to meet Ohio State in the finale of games away from home. The following Monday the Chicago Maroons will come to Lafayette to close the sea-
son for the Riveters.
The remainder of the Big Ten
Games are as follows:
March 4—Indiana at Michigan, Purdue at Ohio State, Wisconsin at
Chicago.
March 6—^Northwestern at Michigan, Chicago at Purdue, Minnesota
at Iowa.
Intramural Schedule
Today Court 1—^Diehl. 7:0n—^Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Phi Epsilon. 7:16—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Kappa Sigma 8 26—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tiiangle. 8:40—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi. Court 2—Swing. 7:00—Delta Chi vs Beta Sigma Psi 7:16—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8.26—Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Xi. 8.40—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Court 8—Aronson. 7 00—Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Chi. 7 .16—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 8 '25—^Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Gamma Delta. 8'40—Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Court 4—Juillard. 7:00—^Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. (A). 7:16—Phi Kappa vs. Theta Tau.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
Lawrence Lyles and Joe Benna 176-pound and 160-pound Riveter boxers will compete in the Tournament of Champions for the Golden Gloves tonight in Chicago, 111. Opponents for the pair have not been announced, according to their Coach “Punchy” Maxwell, who has coached the ringmen to victory in the recent Lafayette Glove fights. Track Squad Takes Third Place In Triangular Meet Although Boilermakers Steve Gutting atid Art Bodeau turned in brilliant performances in the triangular meet at the University of Chicago’s Fieldhouse last Saturday, the Wisconsin track team won the meet with a total of 59 points. Chicago took second with 31 points, and Purdue third with a total of 27. The most thrilling event of the meet was the two-mile relay which held a close finish between anchorman Art Bodeau of Purdue, and Mehl, of Wisconsin. As the two started the last part of the twomile relay grind—880 yards— Mehl possessed an eight yard lead. Bodeau closed the distance between he and his Wisconsin foe foot by foot until about 50 yards from the finish at which mark the Boilermaker ace took the lead. Near the finish, however, Mehl’s sprint carried him across the tape,a couple of feet in the lead of Bodeau. The mile relay team, performing for the Boilermakers, was composed of Luther, Wente, Simmons, and Shackleton. This quartet ran the mile in the time of 3:25.2. This time is faster than any Purdue mile relay ever turned in while in competition at the Purdue Fieldhouse.
A $1.00 GIFT FOR SENIORS ONLY
R E N T F O R $1
S A V E S Y O U $1
CAP and GOWN Seniors, to show our appreciation for your past 4 years of loyalty and patronage we want to give to you individually a saving of $1.00 on your cap and gown. We own our o'wn caps and gowns. Since we have no campus representative, come in and leave your order. We have a limited quantity so first here first served. No graduation, no obligation. MASTERS FOR $1.25 SOUTHWORTH'S COLLEGE BOOK STORE
QhoxxjL
By Bruce Witwer
Looking over the records after last night's game we see that Purdue has yet to be beaten in the Fieldhouse by a Big Ten team . . . Southern California was the first to do the trick but they don’t count. —fc— After last night’s game we rest assured that we have at last seen a full 40 minutes of real basketball . . . Indiana had a smooth fast break but the sharpshooting Boilermakers were too much of a handicap. —^fc— “Hot” is the term which applied to the Purdue cagers ... they made 27 per cent of their shots, 17 ou* of 63, while Indiana only made 10 out of 66, a measly 15 per cent . . . the last 10 minutes of the second half saw Purdue make seven shots out of 10 attempts ... a run like that boosted them into a'~win over Michigan last Saturday night, too. —^fc— The audience singing “Let Me Call You Sweetheart” during half time with the players looking at each other as if they would like to catch the other one up a dark alley some time, was very appropriate . . both teams had the jitters, as shown by the fouls which were shot, nearly twice as many as the usual total.
Buckeyes Trim Michigan As Wisconsin, Hawkeyes, lllini Top Conference Foes Ann Arbol*, Mich., Feb. 27—(special)—^The Ohio State Buckeyes soared into a tie with the Indiana Cream and Crimson in the Western Conference basketball race by toppling over Michigah here tonight by a score of 42 to 28. ^ The winners led 18 to 12 at the
Swimming Team Will Meet Michigan State At Fieldhouse Friday Michigan State swimming squad will journey tn Lafayette Friday to engage the Boilermaker tankmen in a dual meet. The Purdue team will be out to avenge the defeat the visitors handed them two years ago at Lansing. Sickness has taken its toll of the squad, although the majority of the missing members will probably be back in the lineup by Friday, according to coach Larry LaBree. Fred Tuxworth, free-style artist, who garnered the only win against Illinois last Wednesday, will be in shape for the invaders, LaBree said. Outstanding hopefuls for the impending meet are Graham and Siler in the distances and Wildhack in the diving. Captain Lahey, who has been hampered by an injured leg, is feeling better and should aid the team in the coming meet, LaBree continued.
SfewarfToDiKussPiajju^encing Team Faces
History And Development
half with the sterling oflTensive tactics of Buckeye’s Hull and Schick, who carried the brunt of the attack against the hosts. Hull garnered 11 points for Ohio State to take highscoring honors, and Michigan’s Thomas whiffed the net four times for the runner-up honors. Illinois 49, Chicago 26 Champaign, 111. —(Special)—The Illinois basketball contingent won an easy victoiy over Chicago to end its basketball season here tonight. Lewis (Pick) Dehner, gangling Illinois center, accounted for 19 of his team’s points. Wisc'nsin 35, Minnesota 25 Madison, Wis., Feb, 27—(Special) —The Wisconsin Badgers closed its home basketball season here tonight with a surprising 35 to 25 victory over Minnesota before 9,500. Iowa 4t, Northwestern 26 Iowa City, la., Feb. 27—(Special) —^Iowa’s Hawkeyes, eager to enhance their stronghold on eighth place in the Western Conference crown race, rambled over Northwestern here tonight by a score of 41 to 26. Industrial Authority To
R. B. Stewart, University Controller, will talk on the “History of the Development of the Piano as a Modern Musical Instrument” at the first meeting of the music appreciation hours, a series of new" music room programs, to be held Thursday, March 2, at 7:30 p. m. In his talk Stewart will direct an assistant to dismantle a piano, showing its construction. This series of appreciation hours will be held regularly every two weeks.
mini Squad Saturday Cluh
Purdue’s fencing squad invades Champaign, 111., next Saturday to face Illinois for the Riveters’ last meet before the Western Conference matches at Chicago on March 11. Although the team has not had its usual successful season, they have high hopes of making a respectable showing in the two meets according to fencing coach R. E. Finney.
DRESS CORRECTLY -from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories—all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC.
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops in Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED ,
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
HEX
218 Waldron
4ACE
Phone 2390
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
\ ,
di
Carl E. Breece, secretary of the Dairy Supply Co. Inc., New York City, will speak before the Dairy Club today at 4 p. m. in Smith Hall. Breece vidll speak on “Dairy Opportunities in the Dairy Machinery In-
dustry.”
New Union Workers(Continued from page 1)
SamsiB, J. Sheldon, A. E. Williams. E. Alexander, Kegina Baker, Reba Close, Betty Hancock, Elaine Karras, Eleanor Poor, Dorothy Stryker, Bexnadine Evans. Hrnby—^D. Baughman, Thomas Cahill, Jack Crain, Rogers Ferrer, W. A. Hepburn, J. W. Lindsey, V. W. Miller, G. Savory, H. A. Smith, W, F. Wolford. F R. Knipp, Mary Jane Bird, Janet Craig, Mildred Harper, M Kirkpatrick, Dorothy Quinn, Bonnie Swope, Olive Metzger. Kany—H. Bollwmkel, T. D. Carpenter, Dick De Garmo, B. L Fisher, V. C. Hill, Warren Ludt, Claude Murray, W 8,4 Schalck. Robert Snorf, Kent Wonuell, Carl Shedrick, Mary Blackmoie, Peggy Davis, Carolyn Hient, Winifred Kreipke, Alice Reed, Eugenia Taylor, Janet Kendall. Morrison—R. B. Bowden, W. W. Caple, Ralph Deuster, E A. Ford, V C Hossellman, J. S. Maidlow, Elvoy Heate, R. Schmidt, W. W. Strong, W. A. Wnght, P W. Dwyer, Janet Bourne, Virginia Diehl, Dorothy Jaap. Arline La Motte, Mary Lee, Mary Scarff, D. Vermillion, Elaine Wellington. Richardson—Chuck Brandt, Gordon Chapin, G C. Dodson, Richard Fox, B, Howkinson, D. McDaniel, H. Peterson, D. Shadford, Carl Tafel, Wm. Yeagley, G. E. Adams, Charlotte Braude, Mary Fink, Manon Jacobs, Helen Lange, Enid Sider. Jeanne Weil. Williamson—E. Branmng, Jim C. Chase, Bob Ehmer, A. J. Goaf, R. Kappel, E. Merriell, J. W. Powers, N. A. Shane, R. Vanderploeg, Charles Young, Evelyn Bromiley, Virginia Fitch, PhyUis Julian, Dorothy Mann, Donna Siess, Helen WiUits. Crepps—^Ban Adkins, Mary J. Bird, E. Bromiley, Reba J. Close, Mary Fink, Mandie Guthrie, Dorothy Jaap, F, E. Justin. W. Kreipke, Pat McCorkle, Dorothy Quinn, Donna Siess, Dot Stryker, J. Winterrowd, Mary R. Craig, Bernadine Evans. McClelland—Janet Avery, M. E. Blackmore, Betty Broyles, Janet Craig, Virginia Pitch, Betty Hancock, Marion Jacobs, Ifoeia Kaplan, A- La Motte, E. Mellendorf, Alice Reed, B. Stocker. Bonnie Swope, B. Woelftle, E. Miller, Olive Metzger. SchlcklCr—L Baumgartner, Janet Bourne, Betty Campbell, Peggy Davis, Harriet Forgey, Mildred Harper, Phyllis Johan, B. Van Bergen, Elaine Karras, Helen Lange, Beth Partenheimer, Mary Ellen Scarff, Virginia Sommer, Gene Taylor. Jeanne Jeil, Janet Kendall. Stacker—R. Baker, C. Braude, Joan Cooper, V. Diehl, M. Bkinkhouser, Carolyn Heint, Jane Julin, M. Kirkpatrick, Dorothy Mann, Eleanor Poor, Enid Sigler. Virginia Stedu D. Vermillion, Helen WiUits, Mary Lee. Elaine Wellington.^'f'’'''f*-“_, \>> ^ ^ 'f ( ] \ \ ^ u ' Wj_-3ji!i. ^ ^i’
X”
mjp
*t>''
^[ocaL (Ma^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yboiicoA,
Tuesday# February 28# 1939
WBAA
THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:16—Social Security. 11:30—Home Makers. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Music Jt5ox. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Rosalind McClanahan, soprano. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—American Legion Auxiliary. 2:15—Melody Moments. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Cliest. 3:00—Afternoon Music. 3:30—Radio Correspondent. 3:45—Martha Whitehead, soprano. 4:00—Purdue Debris. 4:15—Stinson Brothers, guitar. 4:30—Paul Mitchell, baritone. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Black leatherette loose-leaf notebook valued highly by one George T. Wilson, Esq. Finder will receive a reward and my thanks. Phone 4916.
Martinek, Ely, Leckle, Newman, Packman, Shankland. —SQUIRES.
Gold Peppers; Compulsory meeting at 6 p. m. Thursday, March 2, in the WSGA office. Please bring activity reports. —COOLEY.
Swimming: Recreational swimming every day at 4 p. m. Beginners’ non-credit class Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m. (3-3) —CASE. WAA Basketball: Practice Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday at 4 p. m. (3-2) —CASE. WAA Fencing; Tuesday and Friday at 4 p. m. (3-3) —CASE.
Scabbard and Blade: Riflery practice daily range. Tryouts for the team will extend from 4 to 6 p. m. in the Fieldhouse rifle throughout the week. (3-4) ' —FRANCOS.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, March 1, at 7:46 p. m. in the WSGA office. —BEAMING.
Individual WAA Tournaments: Badminton, ping pong, shuffleboaid, and deck tennis every day this week All first matches must be played off this week. If unable to do this, please notify Fishleigh, 4061 for badminton; Schiller, 31741 for ping pong and shufflehoard. (3-3) —CASE.
Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting Wednesday, March 1, at 7 p. m in the Engineer office. —BAILEY.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important business meeting Thursday, March 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 107 in University Hall. —AYASUN
Camera Club: Meeting in the tower room of Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 28. David Mack will lecture on portraiture and will demonstrate his lecture. —HEDDEN.
WAA Badminton: The following matches must be played off by Monday, March 6: L. Hollingsworth, D. Hendrichson; P. Clymer, R. Shlitter; M. L. Riley, G. Walker; N. Phillips, O. Blaygrace; M. Ward, B. J. Fisher; K. Merritt, L. Heiser; K. Ade, E. Rubright; F. C. Calwell, R. Wiley; E. Harrison, P. McFarland; M. Schroeder, H. Haller : R. Swift, M. Baldwin; N. Davidson, I. Irwin ; M. Bailey, E. Westover, D. Schilling, L. Thomas. Courts will be available every Monday, Friday, ahd Saturday afternoons. —FISHLEIGH.
Military Ball Committee: Important meeting Tuesday, February 28, at 4 p. m. in room 202 of the Armory. Imperative that every member attend. —TREECE.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. There will be an election of secretary-treasurer and an inspection trip to- the television staHon. —KITTNER.
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday, March I, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union Building. Please be prompt. —BUELL.
T. and I. E. Students: Picture of enti£e school will be taken next Wednesday evening, March 1, in the tower room at 7. p. m. Everyone be there. —STARR.
Glider Club; Debris pictures will be taken at the airport on Wednesday, March 1, at 4:16 p. m_. Please be prompt as it will cause considerable inconvenience if you are late. —BUELL.
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersignSl on Or before March 11. —MESSERSMITH.
WAA Riflery: First matches begin Tuesday, February 28 Waids IV and II, 6:16; Ward III, 6 :30 ; Ward I, 6 :46 ; WRH north and south, 7:00 ; Pedallion, 7:16 , Alpha Chis, 7:30 , Alpha Xis, 7 ;46 ; Chi Omega, 8:00 —SMITH.
Fraternity Presidents: Regular council dinner meeting Thursday, March 2, at 6 p. m. at the Phi Delt House. Important. —DEAN.
WAA Shufflehoard Tournament: The following doubles matches must be played off by Wednesday, March 1: Sheay-Stanley vs. McMullen-Kasher: Wirt-Wirt vs. SchlitterThomas. All other players continue in third round —SCHILLING.
Exponent Freshmen: New Exponent editorial staff members report to room E of the Union at 7 p. m. Tuesday, Febiaiary 28. Insley will be in charge of Hie meeting. —HARDIN.
Scabbard and uiuue: Important meeting in room F at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, February 28. Discussion of by laws: —ZIMMER.
Union Workers: All available typists please report to the office Tuesday, February 28, at 4 p. m —McClelland, brubeck.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will please report to the Engineer office on Tuesday, Feb. 28, at 4 p. m : Fisher, Lantz,
Triton: Impoitant meeting Tuesday, February 28, at 8:30 p. m. at women’s swimming pool. Swim at 7:30 p. m. All members are asked to be present. —JO:^GESON. WAA Basketball: Games to 'be played Tuesday, February 28, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym : Theta vs. WRH South ; Kappa vs. WRH North. Games to be played Wednesday, March 1, at 4 p. m.: Pi Phi vs. Ward III; Alpha Chi vs. Pedallion. Games to be played Thursday, March 2, at 4 p. m : Chi O vs WRH South; Pi Phi vs. Alpha Xi. —REIMANN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be hey Tuesday, February 28, at 7 :80 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
WAA Ping Pong Tournament: The following matches must be played off by Wednesday, March 1: Heidi Pochlmann vs. Betty Sheay, Laura Gregory vs. Georgia Walker, Pete Rieman vs. Betty Biesecker, Mary Mather vs. K. Buckalew, Yyonne Holden vs. Ruth Wiley, Frances Raebig vs. Dorothy Newman, June Spry vs. Nancy Lee Dawson, Thelma Cox vs. Katherine Hines. These players will be automatically dropped from the tournament unless they have their scores posted on the bulletin boaid by Wednesday, March 1. —SCHILLING.
ASME: Members who expect to enter the University branch contest should call me at 46841. (2-28) —CLUTTER.
Mixed Recreation: There will be mixed recreation every Friday night in the Women’s Gym. Jeanette Shaffer is in charge. (3-8) —FRASER. CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st. —P. W. GREVE.
HISCBLLANE50US
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—This year’s popular recordings. One-third off. Call Schory at 41964.
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—For dances and entertainment, Record player and amplifier with records Portable speakers and microphone Inquire 71861 or Hiser Electric Co. 6916.
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts for a month or so . . . then look back and reflect a bit ... we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing!
©laoofj Immw FINE C L E A"N ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
UoImsll. in. (^ampuA. QloJthsiA
SWEATERS ^2’^® SLACKS ^2’^^ and up Shirts 98c up Socks 25c up Ties 48c up Hats $1.98 Oxfords $2.98
For Greater Values—Come To RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
Phone 5730
DATE MEMO
)39 MARCH 193‘
Only 3 more days until the DEBRIS will be $5
Important events such as Women’s Pan, Military Ball, basketball games, intramural sports, honorary meetings, etc., are all featured in this year’s DEBRIS.
Eighty-two per cent of the student body has already been photographed and pictures are still being taken. Mark this important date on your calendar— don’t let it slip by.
If you have neglected to order your DEBRIS see a salesman today. The deadline is drawing near.
THAT^S RIGHTS Ride The Street Car Save Both Time and Money
Your TIME Is Your Most Valuable Asset In College DON’T WASTE IT! LAFAYEHE STREET RAILWAY INC.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 l9Vi Vino West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
• Jewelers
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATl SHARPININ6 Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and pedtocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ec--essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana 2828
SERVICE I^RINTING Office Slallonery . , ^ 1 Wadding InvIUllont PHONE " WsiBooI.,,EIc.„.. 2828 CASSEL’S 408lFERRy
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG , Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITY BOOT SHOP