i
THE WEATHDER f'orecast for Indiana: Wartti today; totnorrow much colder with snow flurries.
^ Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY March U, im lofayette, Indiaiia VoL 50 Mo* 137
Z>1S5
(/
Prom Committee Restinds Original Ticket bales Plan causesoneDeath new PM^es ^ Reported as having the most rap- Reamer Club, athletic boost-
Prom tickets will be sold to the first 800 juniors and seniors placing four dollars on the line at the cashier’s window, according to an announcement made yesterday by Benny Bums, chair-
man of the ptom committee.
In a special meeting Sunday morning, the committee voted against its original plan, in favor of the old tried method. The number of permits was to have been divided by the number of tickets to be sold and then shuffling through the permits, every one corresponding to this quotient would have been thrown out. Under the present plan it is just first come, first served. ' ' ' Bush Starts Monday
Sorority Pledges Assemble For First Lecture Of Series
I
Sorority pledges met yesterday afternoon for the first in a series' of informative talks on Courtesy Week. Jean Stolz, president of Pan Hellenic, opened the meeting with an explanation of this week’s program for pledges, adapted from a plan used at the University of Minnesota. Scheduled lectures are expected to provide a more civilized aspect than the usual Hell Week for the participants. One member from each sorority on the campus discussed the history and ideals of her organization. Joyce Burnham represented Alpha Chi Omega;'Helen Rae Wilson, Alpha Xi Delta; Virginia Laramore, Chi Omega; Ruth. Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta; Martha Reed, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Charlotte Lochner, Phi Mu; Ruth Randall, Pi Beta Phi. This evening at 7:30, Mrs. Nina Mahm, national treasurer of Alpha Xi Delta, will address the group on “Interfraternity Cooperation” at a meeting to be held in the Electrical Engineering lecture room. Tomorrow night Dr. Hilda Threlkeld, dean of women at the University of Louisville, will speak on “The Place of the Fraternity in the Progressive Program of Education.” This meeting will also be held at 7:30 in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building, Dairy Short Course Group Returns From Annual Chicago Tour Thirty University dairy manufactures short course students returned Wednesday, March 8, from the annual inspection tour of dairy plants and equipment firms in Chicago. The group were the guests of the Cherry-Burrell Corporation, Creamery Package Manufacturing Company, the DeLaval Separator Company, and the Kraft-Phoenix Cheese corporation. Lectures were given to the group by representatives of the National Dairy Council, dairy plant, and equipment fiLrms. The students then participated in a three-day program arranged to include the study of milk, butter, cheese, and ice cream plants. The trip to Chicago was planned to supplement the instruction in commercial dairying offered during the eight weeks course which had started January 16, and ended on March 10. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the University dairy department, and Prof. R. E. Roberts, who Tieaded the manufactures short course, were in charge of the student group tour. Radio Club Will Hear DeBey Tonight On Model Control Radio Club will hold a meeting tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Gerard DeBey will talk on ■“Radio Control of Model Airplanes.”
Sale of tickets will begin Monday morning at 8 o’clock and continue until 800 have been sold. Any others applying for tickets after this number is reached will be placed on a waiting list for returned bids. Seven hundred permits had already been issued yesterday at 5 p. m. and the committee will continue to issue them until 6 p. m. Saturday. A desk is being maintained in the Union lobby every day from 4 to 5:30 p. m, and 1 to 6 p. m. on
Saturday,
The committee wishes to remind students that Wednesday is the deadline for acceptance of decoration plans. The plans should contain full specifications and costs, not in excess of $200. Winner of the decoration' contest will receive a complimentary ticket to the Prom. 'Mikado' Tickets Go On Sale Today Tickets for the campus production of Gilbert and Sullivan’s “Mikado” will go on sale today at 4 p. m. in the Union. All seats are reserved and priced at 75 cents each. Sales will be limited this year due to a two night run instead of the usual three nights. Cast and choiuses have already begun prac-
tice.
The “Mikado,” an original Gilbert and Sullivan musical comedy farce, will be modernized considerably by the addition of a fast-step-ping pony chorus. This show is now enjoying a large-scale revival over the country, being on one of the laigest stages in New York City, and also is being filmed by one of the majoi screen companies, ASME To Choose Delegates To Speak At State Meeting Preliminary speech contests for the selection of students to represent the Purdue branch of the ASME at the Central Indiana meeting, March 29, will be held tonight at 7:30 in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering building. Judges for the speeches ■will be Professors Rogers, Bolz, and Ludy. Everyone is invited to attend.
id rise in local history, the Wabash river continued its way into homes, ruining property, forcing families to flee for safety, halting transportation oh state highways, and taking its toll of one life. While riding in Possum Run six miles south of here, Hiram Ricketts, 36, of West L6banon, drowned when the car in which he was riding stalled on a submerged country road. Zooming past the flood stage of 15 feet on Sunday morning, the Wabash continued rising until it reached the depth of 22.60 feet last night. Thomas H, Hill, Purdue weather observer, stated last night that the river could not rise very much more because of the great area it covers. Mr. Hill forecast the crest of the flood to be approximately 23.5 feet. At the present time road 43 is impassible. Detours have been placed along the road warning motorists who may have gone past the barriers that the road ahead is under a large stretch of water. At^he by-pass bridge on 62, the Wabash river is about three-quarters of a mile wide. The weather forecast for Lafayette shows fair weather today, with no sign of rain.
er honorary for independent students, pledged 20 juniors last night at a smoker held in the Old Chestnut robm of the Union Building. Doughnuts and coffee were served those present at the smoker. Spring pledges include: L. W. Archibald J. H. Dean J. T. Flanagan C. E. Franklin J. A. Hebbeler J. E, Hinshaw V. T. Hitchcock J. D. Hoffman F. H. Hurst T. J. Jelnick E. A. Johnson C. F. Lutz U. L, McConnel W. E. McConnell G. E. Olson S. D. Ramseyer G. E. Sears D. P. Smith G. J. Tafel D. G. Terrio Faculty members pledged were M. L. Clevett and W, B. Saunders.
Purdue^ Valparaiso Agree On Co-operative Courses Through a cooperative plan worked out between Purdue and Valparaiso Universities, students in the latter institution may enroll ini engineering, pursue their studies there for two years, and then complete their courses at Purdue. Announcement of the agreement was made yesterday by Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering here, and Dean Walter G. Friederich of ' I Valparaiso.
Outing Club To Meet, Elect Officers Tonight
Officers for the recently organized Outing Club will be elected at the meeting tonight at 7:30 in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. Reports on the progress which has been made in drafting of a constitution will be given by the constitution committee. Members will also plan a program of activities including an overnight hike, a moonlight hayride, steak fries, and canoe rides. Both eds and co-eds are invited to join the organization, according to Virginia Blank, temporary chairman.
There^s Something About America— According To 125 College Students
“Why I prefer to live in America” —answering this question recently, 126 students in Prof. E. F. Degering’s organic chemistry class replied that they thought this -eountry offered by far the best opportunities for success and advancement, that it offers more freedom of speech and independence of action, and that it still has the brightest future for increasing prosperity without the threat of war of any
country in the world.
Individual answers to the question ran like this: “Because I am a Catholic and religious freedom is one of the cornerstones of this country. We also have comparative freedom of speech and press,” said one. Another student stated, “I would just as soon be a citizen of Germany,” and still another chose the Fiji Islands so he wouldn’t have to wear clothes in laboratory.
Canadian Security
A Canadian expressed preference for his native country, sasdng: “We Canadians are in an enviable
situation. We don’t have to go to war for anyone if we don’t want to (not even if Great Britain is attacked), but let anyone attack us and both the United Kingdom and the United States will come to our defense. We are a growing country with enormous resources, including 96 per cent of the world’s nickel, most of its radium, and a lot of its gold which the U. S. buys.” Out of the 126 students in the group, 49 gave freedom, independence, and liberty as reasons for selecting America; 39 liked the opportunities; 20 chose it because they were born here; and 17 liked the United States better because of the higher standards of living. Other reasons ranged from the educational opportunity of the masses to the absence of war scares, or as one boy put it, “we don’t have to jump every time a car backfires as they do in Europe.” Quoteji Lowell Thomas Typical of the group was; “Because in the United States you are
President Elliott Initiates Fraternity Week Activities Pledges Are Cautioned To Develop Cultural Background, Avoid Crudity Opening the first in a series of fraternity week lectures. President E. C. Elliott and G. A. Young, head of the mechanical school, addressed a group of several hundred freshmen, representing every house on the campus, in the Union ballroom last - night.
Five Year Plan
Under one plan, students will spend three years at Valparaiso and about two years at Purdue. At Valparaiso they will finish the engineering courses normally completed by Purdue students in their first two years, plus the cultural and religious courses required by Valparaiso of all candidates for a Bachelor of Arts degree. Then at Purdue they will take the specialized engineering courses normally carried in the last two years of an engineering course. Those completing this curriculum, will receive two degrees, the Bachelor of Arts from Valparaiso and Bachelor of Science in engineering
from Purdue. Four Year Plan
By a second plan, students will (Continued on page 4)
free to do as you wish, to obtain anything if you have the will to work for it. As Lowell Thomas said recently, ‘We can be thankful that we live in a country where the chief executive asks us to lick infantile paralysis instead of licking his boots’!” Humorously significant, one answer read: “1. In France they hound you to death. 2. In Egypt you don’t shout when you see your favorite politician unless everyone else does. 3. In Palestine the Jew thinks he is lord high executioner and boss, and what he doesn’t lord over you the Englishman will. 4. In Italy it’s “Please, we don’t speak of that here,” and if you do speak you get the castor oil. 5. In England—^well, if you don’t have some blueblood, stay where you belong. “It’s lots better to know that you can do what you pleas,e when you want to, as long as you want to providing you stay within the law, and that the next fellow is no Saint to bow down to.”
Cleveland Pastor To Speak Sunday At Religious Convo As final speaker of this year’s series of religious convocations, Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips will make his first appearance on the campus at the regular monthly Convocation for Worship Sunday morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. . Minister of the First Baptist Church of Cleveland, Dr. Phillips is hailed as one of America’s leading yoiuiger preachers. Concerning Jiim, Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick says: “His preaching speaks for itself—clear, straightforward, talking to real people about real problems; deeply religious with the soul of a mystic and the ethical interests of a prohpet behind it; and ■withal gentle, human, winsome, persuasive.” Born In Jamaica Dr. Phillips was born in Jamaica, British West Indies, but was educated in this country. In addition to his theological duties he has found time to write several books and contribute frequently to religious periodicals. University students who have heard him talk are enthusiastic in their acclaim of the speaker. Said Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the ■religious convocation committee, “There is every reason to believe that Harold Cooke Phillips will measure up to the standards set by the men who have been here before.” Placement Expert Speaks To Seniors Dr. Forest A. Anderson of Wil-kens-Anderson, scientific and industrial laboratory supply and chemical firm of Chicago, spoke yesterday in the EE Building to seniors on the subject, “The Part that Personality Plays in Securing Employment.” To Doctor Anderson, the placement of students is a hobby. In his talk, he pointed out the importance and the necessity of good personal appearance. Prom a recent survey he made in the personnel departments of a number of chemical firms. Dr. Anderson found that each one wanted in its employees good health, a sense of honor, reliability, and a good appearance. It was shown that students who do not specialize in a certain field are not fully qualified for jobs and lack experience. Dr. Anderson stated that personality development is not a by-product of the regular academic studies.
Styling himself as a substitute devil in') a substitute hell. PresidentElliott started the meeting by saying thai this might contain more torture than the real thing. The President then changed the subject of his talk “Fraternity Intangibles” to “Tangible Intangibles,” which he interpreted to be things that can be seen if they are looked for.
Four Senses
Basing his talk on this, he stated that the development of four senses are necessary upon going into a fraternity. He listed them in this order: 1. A sense of togetherness. 2. A sense of trustworthiness—^“Can you be trusted with time, money, or with the tasks you are expected to perform as members of your organization?” he asked the ffeshmen. 3. A sense of taste—^“A fraternity man should show it in his dress, his courtesy, and his perception of right and wrong. Addressing fraternities as a whole and stating that he woidd chance being misinterpreted. President Elliott said, “Until member^ of fraternities can be distinguished , by absence of booriahness, you%ave failed in your purpose.” 4. A sense of talk—Small talk should be avoided and a habit of intelligent conversation should be cultivated. “You may not speak like an angel,” said • President Elliott, “but don’t talk
like a moron.”
Fraternity Beginnings G. A. Young addressed the meeting with reminiscences of early days at the University, and history of fraternity beginnings. According to G. A., secret organizations were forbidden in the early days of the school, and students were made to sign a pledge that they were not a member in order to enter or be promoted. Fraternities made their way onto the campus after one of four students, dismissed for not signing the pledge, brought his case to court, and precipitated a discussion in the state legislature. The legislature defeated a bill to make fraternities legal, but because of the discussion. President White, who strongly opposed the idea, resigned and thus fraternities made their way onto the campus. The next meeting will be held tonight at 7:30 in the ballroom. Ags Discuss Federal Crop Insurance Plan Agricultural extension supervisors, farmer fieldmen, and members of the Indiana Agricultural Conservation Committee met on the campus Friday to discuss technical procedures to be followed in making adjustments on claims of Indiana farmers protected by the Federal wheat crop insurance plan. Speakers included Guy Smith and Ernest Luther, Washington, D. C., of the Crop Insurance Corporation. Claude Wickard, Carroll county farmer, AAA director of the 10 north central states, was also present at the meeting.
Fowler Will Speak jponsoiOn Friction Tonight Reception For Pharmadsls
Prof. R. H. Fowler of the Cavandish Laboratories, Cambridge, England, will lecture on “The Nature of Sliding Friction” today at 7:30 p. m. in the large lecture room of the Physics Building. Professor Fowler will discerns recent experiments at Cambridge which lead to a clear idea of the mechanism of sliding friction between metal surfaces. The lecture will be open to the public and should be of interest from the practical as well as the theoretical standpoint.
Carrying out the idea of better student-faculty acquaintances. Student Union is sponsoring a reception for the pharmacy school tomorrow night from 7:30 to 8:30 in the reception room of the Union. This is the second of a series planned to cover every school in the University. Students and faculty of the pharmacy school are urged by Union officials to attend and become better acquainted. Refreshments ■will be served.^diiehud.
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT \
J^SUXJtufUL/L
Tuesday, March 14, 1939
Fraternity Week... . . . made its Purdue debut last night when President E. C. Elliott and Professor G. A. Young addressed pledges from every chapter on the campus during the first of a series of evening meetings. Fraternity week is a tried and trusted institution at several other universities but is still an experiment here. The idea was put before the Fraternity Presidents’ Council last year, and has met with almost universal approval since. Proof of the general acceptance of the plan lies in the fact that every fraternity on the campus has agreed to dispense with its individual hell week and join in the fraternity week program. This new venture should be even more successful than it was expected to be because of the cooperation offered on all sides. University teachers have made it a point not to give tests this week. Class attendance will be expected, but preparation and home work demands will be much lighter. Much fuss has been raised about the traditional fraternity hell week, much opposition has been brought to bear against it—and many wrong ideas have been formed about it. Hell week’s original purpose may or naay not have been worthy, but the present typical hell week does have definite value. A^ long as pledges are required to do constructive work, as long as concentrated programs designed to make pledges better fraternity men are followed . . . hell week will keep 4ts value. Fraternity week supplies the latter requirement: it consists of a concentrated program to build better fraternity men. Students, faculty members, and graduates will contribute to this program. Qualified speakers will teach pledges the purpose of fraternities, the characteristics to be expected in a fraternity man, and the relationship between school and chapters. The constructive work requirement is being taken care of by action of the individual houses and by University regulations. Hazing and unnecessary physical punishment are being eliminated, and replaced by useful tasks. Hell week is still a gruelling experience, but when sensibly administered, as it is being done at Purdue today, it is an essential and valuable part of pledgeship. Fraternity week will do much to advance
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the ‘post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oongn^ess of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postace proyided for in section 1108, act of Oetoher 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durhiK the regmiar academic year and weekly dnrinjy the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief.— Business Manager
H. 1. Stanback R. B. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF ManaalnK Editor L. S. Har^n City Editor. J). A. Bail^ Associate Eiditor8»~G« W* Frederick^ K. C. HoUBton* R« Be Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. O. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assbtant Business Manacer. H. C. Reeveo Local AdvertisinK Manager E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager - V. Daugher^ National Advertising Manager M. W. Nevin Accounts Manager - — —W. E. Smith Art Director - D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF EMitor Sally McKee Associate liters Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor JB. L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieidhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRBSBNTSD FOR NATIONAI. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publtshers Representaltve New York, N. Y.
420 Madison Ave
CHICAGO ■ BOSTOH ' LOS ASOBLES
SAN FRANCIGCO
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chi^.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—^Thompson Co-ed Editor—Schilling Sports Editor—Deckard Tuesday, March 14, 1939
the value of the probation period in pledgeship. It will guarantee that every pledge is given excellent training and a good fraternity background, it will insure more uniformity of probation practices, and it will provide a week during the school year when teachers will make allowances for sleepless nights and poorly prepared lessons.
^J4im and ..Jd§r
By Georfana BchiHIns
Presenting a news flash on this year’s Queen of the Sophomore Cotillion. Her name is Geneva Lemmon, and she is being imported from Winamac where she is a high school senior. Cotillion King, Alan Dilts, considers Geneva a brunette beauty; and several of the eds that we saw gazing at her picture all seemed to agree with Alan’s opinion. Friday night is the scheduled time for this gala alfair for which Happy Felton and his band will furnish the downbeat. —H-H— There’ll be a hot time in the old town every night this week as far as the Greek letter pledges are concerned. The time has come for the neophites to prove themselves quits worthy of Katta or Datta or Alpha, And the pangs of Courtesy Week sufferings are not mild! More power to you guys and gals of the pledge button class. —H-H— Do you suppose that just by the power of suggestion we could motivate a few eds to invest in a haircut? Either the campus is overrun with artists and models, the Tyrone Power influence is greater than we had thought, or finances are at a very low ebb. Anyhow, the number of eds running around with unshoin locks is surprising; and the co-ed comments concerning the conditions are not complimentary. We really aren’t plugging for the barbers’ union either. If worst comes to worst, you might have your roommate or best chum try his hand with a scissors. We don’t guarantee this system though! —H-H— Irvan Mauiy’s popular campus band will reign over the mixer this Saturday night in the ballroom. The band has played for a number of dances on other campuses over the state, and furnishes a swingy style of modern dance music. —H-H— Famous Last Line: Was it Ben Washington or George Franklin who said, “If at fii st you don’t succeed, try something or someone else.”
Murphy Will Address Cosmo Club Thursday Prof. C. B. Murphy of the history, economics, and government department will review Adolf Hitler’s book, “Mein Kampf,” at a meeting of the Cosmopolitan Club in the faculty lounge at 7:30 p. m. Thursday. Murphy will give his opinion of l/liG book wkicli is sn sccount of Hitler’s life and plans. This is the second in a series of talks on international affairs sponsored by the Cosmopolitan Club . The meeting will be open, and the club’s officials ^extend a cordial invitation to everyone interested.
By Betty Wickard Show: “Trade Winds.” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: March 14-15. A black wig, a new personality and we have a strong rival to the
'Two-thirds of Vermont’s village communities are represented in the University of Vermont student body.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORGANIZATION AT PURDUE UNIVERSITY
announces a
Free Lecture
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE by ROBERT STANLEY ROSS, C.S.B. of New York City MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF LECTURESHIP OF THE MOTHER CHURCH, THE FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIENTIST, IN BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS
FACULTY LOUNGE Purdue Memorial Union Tuesday, March 14, at 7:45 p. m. The Faculty, Students and their Friends are cordially invited to attend
iSSO
screenland number one glamour girl, Hedy Lamarr, in the person of our own Joap Bennett from Indiana. We’re not saying Joan is intentionally stealing Hedy’s thunder, but the glossy black locks, beeyutiful blue eyes, even the white turban I'emind us of someone we know. The plot, too, is vaguely familiar ■—again we have a fugitive from justice, but this time it is our lovely heroine. Frederic March is the super sleuth who always gets his man, in spite of wine, women, and song, while Ralph Bellamy is his blundering, humorous federal agent assistant, Ann Sothern, whom we missed on the screen for some time, is as beautiful and ga-ga as ever as March’s secretary. Miss Bennett fits the role of Kay Kerrigan, society girl hunted for murder, to perfection, but March, as her lover, leaves much to be desired. Somehow he seems rather stiff in his Lothario-like role. The Coliseum, the Vatican, the statue of Marcus Aurelius, and all the glories of ancient Rome, photographed in technicolor from interesting angles, fornp the best Travelogue we have ever seen. A Popeye cartoon and a newsreel complete the bill.
Today, yours truly opens the column for the first time with a prayer for himself—^hoping not to be discovered and hated as past B and B editors have been . . . talking about prayers, here’s one found in the contrib box . . . Now I lay me down to sleep I hope the lecture will be sweet If he should quit before I wake Be sure and give me a good hard shake!
News about Prom Committee ... the lucky boy, king for a night. . . none other than BENNY BURNS . . . wonder who we’ll have for the Queen .. . also a bit on the orchestras . . . B&B has taken upon itself to assure you’se students that it won’t be the Din Brothers ... Dizzy, Daffy, and Gungha Din!
Now for the dirt!! And who says Purdue co-eds aren’t lousy . . . after the Sigs went to all the trouble of building up a fo|*mer campus queen and sending her picture to an Indianapolis paper publicizing May Queen festivities, the name was in the paper all right, but the picture was definitely not JESSIE GRAHAM! . . . did the paper think the picture lousy and substitute another or did the Sig boys feel something thing should be done about it ? ? ? ?
And here is some real proof about co-eds from the boys at Cary Hall who had the good fortune of seeing PAUL SHELLABARGER’s prospective Prom date and are going to send a petition asking her to be imported for Prom . . . living with SHELLABARGER will be unbearable if she doesn’t!
Here’s our climax to co-ed panning . . . this contest is bringing wonderful results . . . contribs are coming in with the 25 reasons why girls hate men and 26 reasons why men hate women . , . here’s an excellent contrib . . . from a member of the D. O. E. (Disillusioned order of ex-lover) his initials . . . C. W. G. 1. Some women don’t look good without lipstick. 2. Some women don’t look good with it. 3. Some women are smarter than some men, and know it. 4. Some women are dumber than some men, and don’t know it. 5. Some women are bad looking, and don’t know it. 6. Some women are good looking, and do know it. 7. Some women want too much for nothing. 8. Some women want nothing for too much. 9. Some women don’t want any-
TOD AY-WEDNESDAY
FREDRIC MARCH JOAN BENNEH liflJISS
FLOWERS ^augharfe SEEDS“ JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIM ST.
PHONE 2777
GRIN AND BEAR R
By Licbly
%opr Itit by United Feature Syndicate loe.
-and now hand over that two weeks advance you got from the office!”
thing damn it! 10. Some women don’t like the same kind of diversion as men. 11. Some women like too much of it. 12. Some women can sew and cook —and that’s all. 13. Some women can’t even do that. 14. Some women go steady too long. 15. Some women change hands too often. 16. Some women are too particular. 17. Some women aren’t. 18. Some women can’t be. 19. Some women think all the men should chase them. 20. Some women think they should chase all the men. 21. Some women worry too much about how they look. 22. Some women don’t worry enough about how they look. 23. Some women don’t worry. 24. Some women don’t, 25. CO-EDS ARE TOO DAMN INCONSISTENT!!
Can’t quite get the idea of people sending letters without signatures . . . especially when the scribblings don’t mean a thing . . . here’s a letter received by a senior co-ed who can’t figure out the hidden meaning . . . will writer please tell us the point . . . better yet, who are you ? “Don’t look now, but you’re in for a veritable siege . . . times two.
which is silly—^just a little tale about uncle . . . Yeah, uncle has a new girl friend—one with a face— he found her on a blind date—^there were two gals—one posed for radiator caps—wonder what part of a car the other posed for? . . . she had two buck teeth—course nobody asked her what she paid for them— why, she could eat an apple through a picket fence—^wonder what color hair she had, if any—sort of a plaid, I guess—uncle’s kind of nice guy, a case of boy meets girl—he picked up his southern accent by drinking from a Dixie cup—I’ve seen better looking pans in the sink—he has dark eyes—has had them for two weeks—the gal told him that her husband was out of town.” Goodbye.
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
WITH BOB LIVINGSTON — and—"BAR 20 JUSTICE" — with —- HOPALONG CASSIDY — ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
LUMA TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY-TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
A Hurricane of Action! Powerful As a Tidal Wave! PRIDE OF THE NAVY — WITH — JAMES DUNN ROCHELLE HUDSON GORDON OLIVER — PLUS — A Story That Will Tug At Your Heart Strings! ORPHANS OF THE STREET with TOMMY RYAN ROBERT LIVINGSTON
Our collage sons and daughters...! merrily they level
LEW AYRES Maureen O'Sullivan
— PLUS —
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-2ScIp *
Regulars Report For First Session Of Boilermaker Spring Football Practice Following a three week preliminary drill for freshman candidates during which Coach Mai ElWard took full advantage of the indoor training facilities provided by the Fieldhouse, Purdue’s spring football practice “got into gear” yesterday afternoon on Stuart Field as holdovers from last year’s squad were called for the first time. The turnout of veterans swelled ■■■■■n.i
the spring squad to approximately 126 candidates who will be sent through an intensive six weeks training period in preparation for the most rigorous schedule ever to be faced by a Boilermaker eleven. In speaking to the squad Elward emphasized that development during spring drill wilmargely determine the makeup ofc the eleven, for with a schedule that calls for eight successive games against major foes, there will be no opportunity for experimentation, once the season gets underway. The Boilermakers open against Notre Dame on September 30 and then meet Minnesota’s Big Ten champions in the second game. Michigan State, Santa Clara, Iowa, Northwestern, Wisconsin, and Indiana follow in succession. Although the Boilermakers will have an unusual number of veterans available for the rigorous schedule, Elward cautioned the seniors that they must prove they are the best men for the jobs if they hope to hold their positions. It was evident that Elward is again planning an attack in which speed and deception will be the main factors in order to utilize to the fullest advantage the abilities of such ball-carrying speedsters as Lou Brock, Jack Brown, and Mike Byelene, the “Three Bees” of last year’s combination.
Junior Riflery Team Wins WAA Tourney Junior riflery team came out on top last night as WAA closed the season with the class tourney. The senior team placed second. High scorers for the season were selected for the varsity rifle team. High scorers for the varsity were Doris Peterson and Ruth Swift, who received 60 and 26 WAA points respectively. Other members of the team in the order of ranking were Laura Gregory, June Young, Bette Smith, Joyce Burnham, Betty Wilkinson, Flora Caldwell, Phyllis Umphreys, and Sue Enders. Robert Ross To Lecture On Christian Science Tonight Robert Stanley Ross, C. S. B., of New York City, will give a free lecture on Christian Science tonight at 7:45 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Ross is a member of the board of lectureship of the mother church. First Church of Christ Scientist, in Boston, Mass. The Christian Science organization cordially invites the faculty, students, and their friends to attend.
psddaJ^ QiwksL By Bruce Witwer Seen through the eyes of one who saw the Big Ten track meet at Chicago over the Week-end, Purdue dished out a better performance than has been served Boilermaker followers for some time ... we were talking to one of the members of the track team and discovered the following bits of news. —fc— Art Bodeau won the half mile practically in a walk, leading his nearest competitor by a goodly distance ... Holderman was effectively boxed in the event and couldn’t get away in time ... a little more experience will make him a prime coiltender. —^fc— All of the Purdue contingent still thinks that a photo fi]|lish on the high hurdle would have given Steve -Gutting the nod over Elmer Gedeon of Michigan . . . Gedeon himself is said to have thought that Gutting won it. Eric Wadleigh, Purdue sprinter was at the finish and stated that he thought it should at least have been a tie . . . Steve will have a chance to show Gedeon his heels in the outdoor season anyway, so we’ll bide our time. —^fc— The quarter mile was won with the time of :49.5 while our Red Shackleton ran the distance with a running start in :48.5 which would have put him well in the running ... he didn’t enter the quarter because his foot, which was spiked in practice last week, still was sore.
See VON ROY DAUGHERTY
FHX
218 Waldron
lACE
Phone 2390
DISTRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
She’ll feel Proud when She’s with You that Night if You’re Wearing Our Midnight Blue Smart evening wear is more than a formal uniform, when it's a flattering Dewenter midnight-blue. It's the apparel "she's" proudest to see you wearing. Be sure of yourself.
Complete tuxedo and full dress outfit as low as
$29.50
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN STREET
Boilermaker Swimmers Close Season With Meet Against DePauw Tonight
Frosh Track Squad Defeats Indiana To Win Fifth Straight Coach Howard Wilkening’s undefeated freshman track squad scored its fifth consecutive dual mej|j^ victory of the season by downing the Indiana yearlings 54 1-3 to 44 2-3 last week, according to results compiled yesterday. Although the Boilermakers garnered only five of eleven firsts they managed to take several second and thirds to build up a safe margin of victory. Indiana upheld its reputation of superiority m the distance events by winning the two-mile, mile, and half mile runs. The Boilermakers scored heavily in the hurdles to make up for this deficit. Stoyeck took first in both hurdle races to lead the Boilermakers, and Garter, Kron,' and Crawford also won firsts in their respective events. Summary: 60 Yard Dash—Won by Riley, Indiana , Bancker, Purdue, second, Stroyeck, Purdue, third Time, 06 3. 440 Vard Dash—Won by Kron, Puidue, Daniels, Indiana, second, Gano, Purdue, third Time, 61 8 880 Yard Run—^Won by Kane, Indiana, Daniels, Indiana, second, Jarvis, Purdue, third Time, 1 67 6 One Mile Run—Won by Kane, Indiana, Daniels, Indiana, second, Jarvis, Purdue, third Time, 4 34 Two Mile Run—Won by Baumgartner, Indiana, McLaughlin, Purdue, second; Shulman, Purdue, third Time, 10:23 1. 60 Yard High Hurdles—Won by Stroyeck, Purdue, Fye, Purdue, second, Adler, Indiana, third Time, :07.8. 60 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Stroyeck, Purdue , Kron, Purdue, second , Fye, Purdue, third Time, 06 9 Pole Vault—^Won by Carter, Purdue, Britt, Purdue, and Jackson and McAdams, Indiana, tied foi second Height, 11 ft, 6 in. Broad Jump—Won by Blakemoie, Indiana , Joorfetz, Purdue, second , Livinghouse, Purdue, third Distance, 20 ft, 10 in. High Jump—Won by Blakemore, Indiana Joorfetz,_ Purdue, second , Beggs and Howard, Indiana, tied for third Height, 6 ft, 8 in. Shot Put—Won by Crawford, Purdue, Mullen, Purdue, second, Alford, Indiana, third. Distance, 43 ft, 8 in Athletic Managers.. ... or their represehtatives from each fraternity are to meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 4 this afternoon. The meeting is being called to discuss the coming athletic carnival and is very important, according to “Chief” Clevett,
Ten Will Leave For Post-Season Meet. Ten members of the Boilermaker swimming team will leave here today for Greencastle where the tank squad will wind up its 1939 campaign tonight in a post-season meet with DePauw. The meet, originally scheduled earlier in the year was postponed owing to the illness of a number of members of the DePauW team on the oiiginal date. Purdue’s entries in the season’s finale will be Graham and Siler in the distance free style events; Captain Lahey, Tuxworth, and Armstrong in the sprints; Wildhack and Fahrner in fancy diving; Tredwell in the backstroke, and Carr in the breast stroke. The medley relay combination is expected to be made up of Tredwell, Carr and Mauch or Armstrong, while Maqtk, Tuxworth, Armstrong and Lahey will form the free style relay quartet.
Tickets For Pirate Exhibition Game To Seii For Forty Cents Special arrangements to offer a bargain rate of only 40 cents for the exhibition game between Pittsburgh Pirates and the Boilermaker varsity Saturday afternoon, Apnl 15, have been completed, it was announced yesterday. The rate for the general public will be 75 cents, including tax. All tickets sold at the student rate must be presented at the gate with the proper identification card in order to be honored, according to the terms of the agreement. Advance orders for tickets are now being accepted at the Fieldhouse ticket office ahead of the actual opening of ticket sales. Although arrangements have been made to erect bleachers that will accommodate approximately 6,000 persons for the game, it is anticipated that the demand will tax the enlarged capacity.
An All-Campus... personnel notes
. . . table tennis tournament will be held in room 108 of the Fieldhouse starting today at 4 o’clock and continuing through Saturday, according to “Chief” Clevett, intramural director. Entrance fee for the tournament Js ten cents for all students, who are asked to register at the intramural office in the Fieldhouse today, Clevett said. Intramural Schedule BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Swing 7 00—^Waid 7 vs Ward 2X 7 15—Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward 4X 8 26—Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 9 8 40—Cary Hall 7 vs. Caiy Hall 10. Court 2—Kurtz 7 00—Ward 6X vs Cary Hall 4 7 16—Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi 8 26—Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8 40—B1 \s F3 Court 3—Rechenbach. 7 00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7 15—Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8 25—D4 vs Al. 8 40—H4 vs El.
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops in Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
Company: Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company. Visiting Purdue: Thursday and Friday, March 16-17. Interviewing; Senior electrical, mechanical, chemical engineering and physics students. Company: The Wayne Works, of Richmond, Ind., builders of all-steel motor coach bodies. Representative: J. G. Reitzel, chief engineer. Visiting Purdue: Saturday, March 18. Interviewing: Senior engineers. Note: Since the busiest season of this company is from Jime to September, Mrs. Reitzel wishes to employ three freshmen, three sophomores and three junior engineers during their summer vacations until graduation. They will then be considered for permanent employment. Company: The Crane Company, 836 South Michigan Avenue, Chicago. Products: Valves, fittings, and plumbing material. Representative: John C. Harkness. Visiting Purdue: Thursday and Friday, March 16-17. Interviewing: Senior engineers interested in sales. The company maintains a training system for student engineers. Literature is available in Personnel office. Sign up in the main office of engineering schools.
The Middle American Research Institute of Tulane University is conducting a campaign for funds to reproduce on the Tulane campus the great Maya pryamid in Mexico.
SjuteaJteJUL —for the Spring Sportsman—
Lightweight, all-wool sweaters in slipon or vest styles. They have plenty of shoulder room, snug-fitting, worm,— and yet never a bulk, even imder your coats. A large variety of colors and styles to choose from.
IN THE VILLAGE
%^ktxiL CldA,
WBAA
“THB VOICE OF PURDUE"
—^Today— ll:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Social Security. 11:35—The Home Makers, Jean Halstead. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Time Signals. 12:00—Girl Scout Program. 12:30—Lunch^n Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. . 1:30—Scientific News Review. 1:45—Market Repoi'ts. 2:00—D. A. R. Program. 2:15—Melody Moments. 2:30—You'and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Afternoon Music. 3:15—Darlene Mahns, soprano. 3:80—Radio Correspondent. 3:45—Martha Whitehead, soprano. 4:00—Purdue Debris. 4:15—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 4:30—Paul Mitchell; baritone. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Purdue, Valparaiso(Continued from page 1)
spend two years at Valparaiso, and then two here. At Valparaiso they will complete the engineering courses normally completed by Purdue students in their first two years, and in addition a course in religion required by Valparaiso. Then coming to Purdue they will take the regular junior and senior courses and receive the Bachelor of Science degree in one _of the engineering schools. Both courses are expected to broaden engineering background of students, and to give them a more cultural training, in view of the fact that a majority of engineers take administrative positions rather
than following hig;hly technical careers. The cooperative plans will become effective next year. Present juniors and seniors at Valparaiso will complete there, the courses they are pursuing.
ClassiHed Ads MlSCEa^LANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rent^ and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. IF YOU WANT—Delicious home-cooked meals, eat at Townsend’s. 648 Main Street.
ALTERATIONS, repairing and mending neatly done. Phone 2637.
WANTED^Men’s suits, topcoats, trousers aiid shoes. Call Lahr Hotel. 'Phone 406B. Abe Meyers.
LOST—Jewelled Pi Kappa Phi pin. Call Munro 3808.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Camera, case, f2 ;8 lens, focal plane shutter: built-in accessories. $29.50. Call Van 3763.
Notices
GE 16 Descriptive Geometry: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 308, CE building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 16. —PORSCH.
Agricultural Chemistry Club: Important meeting Wednesday, March 15, in the library of the new Agricultural Chemistry Building. All members are urged to be present. Officers for next year will be elected. —MABY.
A MENU NECESSITY Winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too win say they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Booksfroret
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11916 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Lpeks, General Rafialrino SkkTI SHARPININa Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Key* for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latmes and padleduu Auto keys a specialty. BIcyclaa, ac--essories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2S2B
S5S f^RINTING ■i^POffice Stationery . . O 1 il/eddlns fnvftatloni ■ tale* Books, Etc.... iOM CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in th« VARISITY BOOT SHOP
THE PURDtJE EXPONENT
9^i£ioe2L
Tuesday, March 14, 1939
Hutchins, Ramsay, and Burns, Important meeting at 4 p; m. Yuesday, March 14, at the Horticulture Building. —NICHOLS.
proposal. A full attendance is necessary. —DEAN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, March 15, at 7:45 p. m. in the WSGA Office. . -GLEAMING. Reamer Pledges : Meeting Tuesday, March 14, in room F of the Union at 7 p. m. There will be penalties for lateness. No absences will be permitted. —BACHARACH.
Wesley Foundation: The class - in the teaching of St. Paul will be held at 8 p. m. Wednesday instead of at 7.—McFADDEN.
Eta Kappa Nu; Meeting for election of pledges Wednesday, March-r-lB, 7:30, room A of Union. —KECK.
urday, April 16, at 1 of the CE Building.
p. m. in room 201 —WILEY.
Pi Tau Sigma—Meeting for selection. of pledges Wednesday evening, March 16 in room 1 of the Union at 7:80 p. m. —HARVEY.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday at 7 ;30 in room 264 EE Building. Bring hioney for dues. —BROWN.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Meeting Tuesday, March 14, at 7 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Bring pencil and paper. —DERNBR. Student Senate: Important meeting in the conference room of the Executive Building at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, March 14. Use ground floor entrance under the main entrance. Please be there on time. —ELLIOTT.
Purdue Flying Club: Open meeting at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, March 16, in room C of the Union. CAA pilots are cordially invited to attend. —CHEVEDDEN...
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. The open meeting will be followed by an initiation of all pledges. —AYASUN.
Christian Science Organizations: A free lecture will be given by Robert Stanley Rose, C.S.B., Tuesday, March 14, at 7:46 p. m. in the faculty lounge. This lecture replaces the regular meeting. —MACK.
Airport Dance Committee; Meeting at 7 p. m. Tuesday, March 14, In the Ufiion lounge. Call me at 66474 if you cannot be there. —CHEVEDDEN.
Purdue Engineer: Freshman and sophomore workers see work schedule in office for assignments. Interest will be gauged by attendance. No more work notices will be run in the Exponent. a (3-12) —SQUIRES.
, CE 69 Conditions: Examination for the removal of "C" grades will be given Sat-
Jnnior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip, assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March '21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. —LOVELL. G. E. 11—^Engineering Drawing: An examiimtion for the removal of “0" and “1" grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements witk. the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 25. Please consult me at once. (3-22)¥^ , —SONESON.
WAA Basketball: Schedule for Tuesday, March 14, is Chi O vs. Ward 3 ; Ward 2 and 4 vs. Pedalion. Schedule for Wednesday, March 15, is Theta vs. Phi Mu; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 1. . ’ —REIMAN.
Camera Club: No meeting Tuesday, March 14. Studio night will be Tuesday, March 21. Several new ideas on portraiture will be demonstrated and practiced at that time. —HEDDEN.
Varsity Show Ticket Sales: Will the following report to Fowler Hall Tuesday evening, March 14, at 4 p. m. to begin ticket sales: Beverly Rice, Myra' McKee, Mary Jane Carr, Fred Ahrens, Harry Brenman, Gil Devore, Robert Schlendorf, Robert Heine, Lewis Joulliard. —YEOMAN.
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to ^>rag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts for a month or so . . then look back and reflect a. bit . . . we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing !
Mechanical Engineers: Wednesday, March 15, will be your last opportunity to join the ASME this semester. Sign up in G. A. Young’s office in the MB Building. —CLUTTER.
Exponent Freshmen: Meeting of the new members of the freshmen editorial staff Tuesday, March 14, at 7 :30 p. m. in room E of the Union. —DELVALLE. Fraternity Presidents: Special meeting Thursday, March 16, at 7:15 p. m. at the Phi Psi house. Briftg ticket reports and unsold tickets for the banquet. Be prepared to discuss chapter attitude on cooperative
hmm F I N E C L E A"N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H *E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Gold Peppers—-Compulsory meeting on Thursday, March 16, at 7:15 p. m. in the WSGA Office. Bring activity records, please. —COOLEY.
WAA Badminton: All matches must be played before Saturday, March 18: Hollingsworth vs. Oliver, Chaffer vs. Walker, Phillip vs. Johnson, Willy vs. Harrison, Swift vs. Sawyer, and Westover vs. Thomas. —FISHLEIGH.
Forestry Club: Dix, Williamson, Winger, Meerker, Van Camp, Blackwell, Keller,
[semdr retail ta&accoaist " in WasMfigtoa, (1)
.. * or any one of the 1^044,492 tobacco dealers in the United States about '
He*ll say ... Look what it says on the back of the package...
SIX STEPS TO MORE SMOKING PLEASURE
AGEING—Chesterfield’s mild ripe, tobaccos, like fine wines, are aged for two or more years in huge wooden casks. Here they gradually acquire that true Chesterfield mildness and better tastewhich give millions of smokers more pleasure.
P
STEMMING——“Almost human” is what they say about the interesting stemming machines, whose fingers pick up the tobacco, l^af by leaf and take out the stem, leaving only the mild, tender, good-tasting part of the leaf to go into the making of Chesterfields. a
BLENDING—There is only one Chesterfield blend ... the blend that can’t be copied . ,. a happy combination of the world’s best American and Turkish tobaccos. Just the right proportions to make Chesterfield a milder, better-tast-ing cigarette.
‘Ghesterfield Cigarettes are a balanced blend of the finest aromatic Turkish tobacco and the choicest of several American varieties blended in the correct proportion to bring out the finer qualities of each tobacco.” When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure, „why THEY SATISFY
Copyright 1939, Liggeti' & Myers Tobacco Co.
,,Jhe blend that can^t be copied ...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos
PAPERS—Every Chesterfield you s moke is wrapped in pure cigarette paper... the finest cigarette paper made. That’s another reason why Chesterfields are milder and bet-ter-tasting.
MAKING—Almost faster than the eye can follow. Chesterfields come rolling out of the marvelous cigarette making machines. Chesterfields are always round, firth and well-filled.
PACKAGING—-Truly amazing are the packaging machines which wrap and seal Chesterfields in their air-tight, moisture-proof packages. Regardless of where yOT buy them, Chesterfields reach you as fresh as the day they were made.
■ V'
y
•V . I