r ,,py.'V.'W^r ' ^.^•‘'^ C,-:^rM,.';ir^
.h
t
’Uf' f *
The Dey's Sports 125 Froish Go After Basketball Fame
The iififer Ashes Who Done It? is lU Attaching?
Volume 53« No. 14
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, September 23, 1941
New High Voltage Lab P^C Meets Today At 4 P.M. To Hear Students' Opinions
Reamer Pledges
Begins Test Operations
Yesterday the first test run of the new Duncan High Voltage Laboratory began at 8 a.m. with testing of “bus’^ insulators furnished by Porcelain Products ^nc. of Parkersburg, W.
Va. >
The tests serve as a check on the insulators to be used in the Bonneville Power Administration sub-stations for the transmission i lines coupling j the power produced by the q i n x Grand Coulee Dam and Bonneville ^QphOtYiOtQS fxGpOtt Dam which is to be distributed • • through out the states of Oregon pQ? FotOnSIC BOQtu
and Washington. Yesterday’s results completed the first of a two day test conducted by C. S. Sprague, head of the high voltage research laboratory. Assisting him were a representative of Bonneville Power
Call-Out Today At 4 Sophomores interested in serving as forensic managers will meet in
. . _ room 302 of the Unfen at 4 o’clock Admimstraion and an engineer today. Each organization is entitled
from the porcelain company.
to send two sophomores. The work
The tests consist of standardized consists mainly of administration of ^ flash-over tests on 16 “bus” type the various speech contests for apinsul&tors with a working rating of proximately 600 students. This in84,000 volts. The insulators are fas- dudes the all-campus discussion tened to a metal triangular frame tournament and the high school de^ppOrted on top of other insulators, jj^te conference. All managers are They are tested first in groups of expected to work at least three aftthree, then in groups of five. Term- ernoons a week from 4 to 5.
inals are clamped on to the insulators, which are then connected up to two transformers which supply
Promotions Forensic'
Board sponsor^ all
the voltage. Atmospheric conditions ®P®®ch activities on campus, and are checked and the density of the workers to try out as sopho-
air calculated.
Artificial Lightning
more managers for three junior and two senior managerships. Keys are
As the switch IS thrown over, awarded to those showing merit
sending about 376,000 volts through
the line, a loud hum is heard. This and two women are chosen as junior hum increases in intensity until a ‘^sbate managers, and one is chosen loud report is heard and a miniature innior publicity manager. From lightning bolt jumps across each in- these, tWo are chos'en as senior desulator. Readings are taken and ^^te manager and chairman of the from a series of tests the average F'orensic Board, and one is selected “flash-over” voltage is calculated. senior publicity manager. FurThese tests last about five min- ther information may be obtained utes for each run, and according to Bruce Lawler, senior debate
Sprague, they are always success- hianager.
ful. Today the tests will be of the same type, except that the insulators will be sprayed with water,
j.b.w. ^
To All Students: Students possessing cars which they intend to drive during the school year, and who have not complied with the University regulations regarding registration of cars, are required to do so before Mondhy, September 29, on which date penalties for non-registra-tion will become effective. Cars may be registered at the Physical Plant office. Service and Stores Building, 8 A. M. to 12 Noon and 1 P. M. to 4:30 P. M. work days, except Saturdays. It is necessary to present an inspection card showing that the car has been tested and approved by the Indiana State Police before a car may be registered. Application forms for registration of cars should be obtained at the Physical Plant office by students before taking cars to State Police Post for inspection. The Indiana State Police willtest student cars, free of charge, only between 4 P. M. and 6 P. M., on Tuesdays and Thursdays at Post No. 3, one and one-half miles northwest of the Campus on State Road 52. Edward C. Elliott President
Outing Club Opens Hiking Season Today WAA cabin will be the scene this afternoon of the Outing Club’s first hike and picnic of the season. Members will meet in front of the
Armory at 5 o’clock.
Meeting informally, new members will become acquainted with officers and faculty sponsors. The series of hikes planned for the fall, among which are a bicycle hike, a gypsy hike, hikes to several State parks, and an overnite hike, will be discussed. Later in the year the club plans to attend a meeting of the outing clubs of Indiana, e.l.s.
Passports Senior passports will not be available until tomorrow, according to an announcement from the Fieldhouse ticket office. Freshman, sophomore, and junior passports will be avaUable for the remainder of the week. Registration cards must be presented in person at the Fieldhouse office in order to secure the passports. Tickets in the unre-served-seat sections for the Vanderbilt game Saturday may be secured at the Fieldhouse upon presentation of passports.
Final Vote On Question Scheduled October 2 Meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in Athletic Director Mai Elward’s office to discuss the proposal to change golf to a major sport, the Purdue Athletic Council will hold an open discussion on the p^blem so that the student body can express their opinions) directly to the council before it-votes on the question Thursday, October 2. Two Weeks’ Publicity Under the revised constitution, which changed the SAA to the PAG, the council has the right to change the status of a sport upon the presentation of a petition and the publication of the petition two weeks before the council votes on the change. ^ During the two week period, which is now in progress, the students are urged by the council to express their opinion to the council members so that the council can do as the majority of the students feel should be done. Chance To Speak The meeting this afternoon is intended to make it convenient for the students to speak to the entire council at once. The more that attend the meeting, the better chance the council has of finding out precisely what public opinicm is on the question. Those who are unable to attend the meeting and wish to express their sentiments should contact one of the following either personally or by mail: Dick Raney, Pi Kappa Phi; Jim Adams, Phi Delta Theta; Gordon Peterson, Kappa Sigma; Bill Meirhofer, Sigma Chi; Jim Mercer, Delta Tau Delta; Vaughn Hill, Phi Kappa Psi; John Clauser, Delta Chi; Charles Standard, Phi Kappa Sigma, or Bill Campbell, Pbi Gamma Delta. Prof. Vestal To Speak At University Hog Day University swine day, which is to be held tomorrow, is expected to draw a large crowd of Indiana hog feeders. At the University swine experimental farm, study will be made of the tests regarding various feeding rations made this summer on over 400 hogs. The results of these tests will be discussed in detail in the afternoon by Prof. C. M. Vestal in the livestock judging pa-
vilion.
Prof. J. R. Wiley, of the University staff, will explain hog marketing study results, and Dr. C. R. Donham, University veterinarian, will talk on current hog diseases. b.a.h.
L. W. Ruffner, president of Reamer Club, independent men’s athletics booster honorary, last night announced pledging of 12
men.
They are: Robert R. Arvidson^Orville Ted Clarke, John T. Conrad, John B. Crockford, Frank S. Fatkas, Walter L. Leifheit, Dale W. Martin, William T. Milliard, Robert R. Scobee, Jack U. Thompson, David A. Utley, and Robert V. Youkey.
Patty Berg To Illustrate Golf Skill At Clinic This Afternoon
Hoof And Horn Will Entertain Ag Frosh
afurday Deadline At Annual Barbecue
For AWS Freshman Executive Petitions AWS has set the deadline for pe-
Annual barbecue sponsored by Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry club, for freshmen agricultural students will be held this evening starting at 4:15 p. m. in the judging pavilion. The first part of the program
titions for freshman representative spent in taking a tour of the on the AWS executive board on this University fai'm and inspecting the
Saturday, September 27. Two fresh- livestock, man coeds will be elected from the Feast And Frolic
petitioners at elections scheduled At 6 the group will gather at the for Wednesday, October 1. Dean’s pasture where the barbecue Petitions for representative must will be held with Prof. Jack Frost be in the following form: acting as official carver. During the We the undersigned do hereby feast and the program which folnominate for the lows, an atmosphere resembling position of Freshman representa- that of the old west will prevail, tive on the AWS Executive Board Besides the campfire and a covered for the year 1941-42. wagon, students on the program Petitions must be turned in at will dress in characteristic cowboy the West desk of the Union or di- dj^ess and a cowboy band will be on rectly to Agnes McCullough at hand to supply cowboy music. WRH North. They must bear the- j .c oc ^ T. j Prof. F. G. King, head of the
signatures of 26 Freshman coeds.
Executive Board Members husbandry department, and The executive board of the AWS Uean V. C. Freeman will appear consists of the president, vice pres- program. Students taking ident, and secretary of AWS, elect- include T. 0. Blank, R. W. ed by popular vote, a junior, a soph- Hardin, R. E. Johnson, M. J. Peteromore and two freshman represen- Schmidt and C. Vanada. tatives, several appointed commit- Tickets i tee members, and the coed heads Tickets for this gala affair are 26
of important campus activities. All coeds are members of AWS
Demonstrations On Intramural Field At 2 Open To Everybody In onp of the first sports demonstrations of the year on the Riveter campus, Patty Berg, top-flight professional golfer, will this afternoon provide one of the highlights of the golf clinic which will begin at 2 p.m. on the Intramural Field- The demonstration by Miss Berg and later on the.|nixer foursome contest on the new University golf course is sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association and is open to the entire student body and the general public. While Patty Berg is illustrating actual gOlf technique, Virginia Dettweiler, former Women’s Western Open Champion, will provide a running descrip-
tion of Miss Berg’s play. This demonstration was originally scheduled for the Women’s gym classes only, but due to thq wide interest evoked, it has been opened
to everyone. Peerless Patty
Cast for “R. U. R.,” first Play- , tournament record shop Laboratory production of the ^ ^”Yw ere. e
Student Producers Announce Castings For Lab Play, 'RUR'
year, was announced last night by Jo Strong, student director. The
gan her golfing career nine years ago at the University of Minnesota,
1 -u i J- 4. J J J J where, on June 20, 1932, she played play will be directed and produced , .
her first game. Two months later
by Ruth Dray, Janet Decker, and Jo Strong as a Playshop project for speech course 150, under Prof. H. Kenn Carmichael, to be given sometime in November. All mem-
she won her first tournament with an 89 and managed to qualify for the Minnesota State Championship. Since then she has competed in
An Expo Notice? Here's How To Get One Into The Paper
cents and are on sale by class representatives R. W. Hardin, Robert Schmidt and John Harter, or they may be obtained from animal husbandry instructors or at their offices
in Agricultural Hall.
This barbecue affords an excellent chance for freshmen to get acquainted with other freshmen, upperclassmen and the faculty mem-
By J. H. Wendel jjgyg j_ q. Dunbar, president of Ever have occasion to put a no- Hoof and Horn, urges all freshmen tice in the Exponent? If you are obtain their ticket^ and attend,
an officer, worker, or member of ^.e.b.
any recognized campus group—an honorary, a service activity such as Union, a religious group, or one of those social groups designed to foster .sociability among students of some department or school, such
, n , J , upwards of 60 of the country s mabers are freshmen and upperclass- . , . , ,
jor golf tournaments and has managed to duplicate her first success no less than 29 times in her nine
years of play. Broken Records
Many of Patty Berg’s" toimnament scores have broken course rec-
Wallace Cook, Ralph Bimpson, Leon T rrv, boast of though they may have he-
men who have never taken part in any previous Playshop production. The cast is as follows: Charles Waldhauer, Harold Warren, Vince Wall, Maurice Udes, Constantine Tsaros, David Coil, Ernest Nordlinger, J. R. Wood, Herbert Riley,
Thorpe, Mary Ann Click, Roberta Lewis, and Jo Ann Menefee. Some extras may be needed. Anyone interested may apply at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall,
b.a.h.
Posture, Foot Corrective Clinic Opens Today In Gym
gun the game before this freckled Miss was born. Perhaps some indication of this young woman’s ability can bd gathered by the fact that, in addition to the tourneys which she has won, no less than 14 other times she has been runner-up, and in 30 events she has been medalist. Following the golf demonstration on the Intramural Field tomorrow afternoon. Miss l^erg and Virginia
Alpha Zeta Will Hold Freshman Reception
Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, will stage its annual reception
Registration Workers Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Union Boys Are At It Again - Tryouts For Cast Of Dad's Day Show Start Today In Ballroom By Ed Kieper ^ !
Tryouts for the Union show, to be staged Dad’s Day, November 8, as yet in the formative stage, will be held this week in the north Union ballroom. Tryouts for the cast and singing parts will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Tryouts for those wanting to participate in dancing groups will be held tomorrow and Thursday at the same time
and place.
While the exact details of the play are not available, student Union officials claim that the play will be of the same general idea of the two Union shows, “Everything But Onions” and “Harem Scarem” or “The Sultan Was a Lady” that were staged in the Hall of Music on Thanksgiving and March 16 of last
year.
Really Student Productions Both shows were written by students, directed by students and staged entirely by students. This included the making of all costumes »nd stage settings.
This year the play is being written by Willis Wells, who in collaboration with Bob Hayt, wrote both
of the plays last year.
The only concrete de^||6 the Union would divulge at this time are that Irv Given and his orchestra have been signed to supply music needed for the various scenes and Betty Wedge and Bill Stanbaugh have agreed to accept parts in the production. Betty played the part of Bessie Tanner in the “College Widow” production last May. Bill had large parts in both of the Un-
ion productions.
Campus Vaudeville ^
The plays las^ year were an heterogeneous mixture of slapstick comedy, song and dance acts, half tiuths of life at the University as is should be, and still more as it should not be. For example, changing the Union sweet shop into a brilliant night spot with everything from Can-Can chorines of beefy football stars to scenes supposedly
showing the lift in an imaginary fraternity house where every other fellow walking on the stage leaves with half of the other fellow’s clothes to keep a date with the
other fellow’s favorite girl. Or perhaps if your memory is on
J;he failing side you can remember some of the scenes in “Harem Scarem” in which Olie Lynch plays the part of a “Science School Joe” complete to such minor details as a coon-skin coat, high tide pants and
the perpetual pi^pe. No Pants On ‘Doc’
There is always the “Doc Miller” portrayed by Don Dickson. Of course our boy Sayers John never runs around without pants in public like his double did in the production but then nothing happens like it does in a Union show. At any rate the student Union offices claim the show offers an opportunity to everyone with original ideas a chance to get before the
student body.
as Catalyst-j-you may have occasion to want to place an item in the notice column of the Exponent.
Nothing To It „ . , • . 4. It’s really very simple. Just wait for freshman agriculture students until it’s between 4 and 7 p.m., jot Thursday evening at 7:30 at the down a note or two on what you livestock judging pavilion, want to say, and call the Exponent Aim of the reception is to office at 4006. When the sophomore acquaint the incoming freshmen at the. desk answers, tell him you with the faculty members, upper have a notice for the paper. He’ll classmen, and the various activities take down the facts, and your end in the agriculture field which are of the job is done. open to them as freshmen. Faculty It’s a good idea to leave your tele- rpembers and representatives of all phone number with the man as the Ag service clubs will be present, desk so that if you have forgotten Featured on the entertainment to tell him any vital statistic, such part of the program will be Don as whether the Pork Puncher’s Brinkerhoff with his ventriloquist meeting is in the Livestock Pavil- act. Refreshments will be served ion or the Music Hall, he’ll be able following the entertainment. Bob to call you. Swaim, president, announced, e.l.s.
It’s no use trying to disguise a
classified ad as a iiotlce. Notices re- ^ lAI'll A JJI late to student olganizations, not Will AuGFCSS
student lost-and-founds. They’ll Keep Running
You don’t need to say, “Run the notice until next Thursday morning.” Notices are automatically reprinted in each issue of the paper until the event they announce is over, or for some other reason the
notice becomes obsolete.
Many times something you may insert as a notice has potential news value. If your organization is holding an open meeting in which many students outside the group might be interested, by all means stop in at the Exponent office and tell the co-ed editor in charge. She will be glad to assign some edit staff worker to take the facts and write your meeting up in a fullfledged news-story if it has news
interest.
We’d Like To Know If something really unusual happens in the fraternity, sorority, hall, co-op, or house where you live, there’s more than a possibility that the rest of the campus will be interested. Call us up, or come in and see us—after all, it’s your campus daily. / And, for those happenings that involve hardware-planting and unplanting and "timilar amorous affairs. there is always 3.93. West Desk box is the address.
All students who have posture Dettweiler will pair with two memand foot difficulties are invited to year’s Varsity golf attend posture correction and foot ^he mixed foursome exclinics sponsored again this year by hibition on the University goH the Physical Education department, course. It is expected that their The corrective room at the Me- ^ame will start at 4 p.m., and this morial Gymnasium will be open also open to both the stufrom 4 to 6 p. m. every Tuesday the general public,
and Thursday, beginning today. j-s-k. The clinic will be conducted by
Miss Marion Russell and Miss Mary ' "
Mae Scoville, members o^ the Physical Education staff who specialize in corrective physical education.
r.
r.e.f.
Xi Sigma Pi To Hold Annual Smoker Today Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, welcomes all freshmen
and sophomore foresters to its an- TfltOn ) ^
nual smoker in the east faculty
lounge at 7:30 this evening. . .. women’s swimming honorary, Mel Taube, University backfield will meet this evening at 7:15 in coach, will speak and show mpvies the Memorial Gymnasium. Purpose of one of last year’s games and John of the meeting is to discuss revision V. VanCamp, president of the so- of the constitution. Attendance will ciety, will speak briefly, e.l.s. be compulsory for all old members.
Exponent Staff
There will be a meeting of sR elected members of the Exponent staff in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station, Wednesday, September 24, at 4 p. m.
—Ochiltree
Automotive Engineers Freshmen May Massacre Mustaches
Although Salesmen Should Be, Spared
W. K. Creson, chief engineer of Ross Gear and Tool Co and SAE member, will speak before the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in the faculty lounge of the
Union.
The subject of cfreson’s t^lk will be SAE activities. Professoj’ Jacklin, head of automotive engineering, and J. Liston, faculty advisor of the organization, will also be present. Acting chairman will be James Roman. r.e.f. Dr. E. L Kelly To Address Aviation Club Tomorrow Flying Club will hold an important reox'ganization meeting tomorrow evening at 7:30, in room 263, Union Building. All prospective and former members are urged to at-
tend.
Featured on the program is Dr. E. L. Kelly, one of the campus’ leading sportsman pilots, who will speak, on private flying. Frank Habicht, president of the club, will outline the proposed plan of reorganization. e.l.s.
By Jay Jackson Warning is hereby given to all freshmen who have the idea that the dark streak of fuzz darkened with soot, mascara, or just dirt above the mouth of the senior is hewing them get dates with your gild, that this University, unlike the nations of Europe, has rules for warfare. ^ First of all, that four inch straight razor that you use to shave with every other week is strictly outlawed. It seems that in the past some of the seniors haVe objected to getting a free shave and have been cut rather severely. The correct weapon is a safety razor. Watch Windows ^Secondly the physical plant boys get slightly irritated when the students get a little rough and kick out a few windows or door panels, so they have requested that all interclass struggles be restricted to either private residences or the campus. This restriction also applies to the Residence Halls. Seniors need peace and quietness for a few more days before they
start convoying^ each other to class. To make the competition during the open season on seniors more intense, regulations provide that no seniors are to be mutilated before Thursday noon. Battle Committee Just to make sure that a few traveling salesmen do not, caught in place of seniors as they have in the past, no epidermoid growths are to be shortened between the hours of 6 p. m. and 8 a. m. How would you like to be a salesman ? The University was kind and makes the exception to the time rule to fraternity and co-op men on the condition they do all their work in their own house. After all they know their own seniors. Violators of the^ battle code wHl be tried before a special Student Senate committee. The committee ia enpowered to such acti<m a» neceasary to keep the fights down to a point where they are a pleasure instead of a menace. In the meantime, how about looking for. those aenier “cords”?TuesHay, SeptemHer 23, 1941
PUR D M iE X P O N ENT
iM
fiMt&tk. ^^mnt
SAtoMdi«a.^^iid><ilass matter at the.post oftice in Lafay-
etta, Indiana, updcr the act of CoriKress of March 8, 1879, and at tin ' ‘ — .
_ ‘Bcial ratp df postage provided for in section 1103, act S# October 8;). 1817i authorial January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weeitly^BttfinBi^the^inntneT Session. Delivered'locally by tbi- ' tier !ft>r#S.60 ;pSr year,' mail .subscriptions, 44.00. ^Itb&n^ailefcLi' !..... Ned A.Ochiltree Nawa 'BlUldr...;'!;:;. .'Jdhn X. Traugctt Bdaiheas Manager.... „.Don S. Powers
l^ublicafion ^taff
ManaalnK Kditac.,! Leland W. Ruffner HSBOciate BditeniS: J.^P. Amos, S'. S. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R L. Hadley, F. 1. Jones, T5. G. Kieper.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, ^l. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager; W. T. Bell:'Accounts Manager: W. 0.4diliard.
Editor...... Associate Editors:
Co-ea Staff" Ruth Rose Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield.
■(!... 'Sports ^'Staiff . Editor. L..,.;...Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J: D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phonos-: SittlPriaI and Business,'4005;'JportS/<27.9i2; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Keprosented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Jjic., College. Publishers Representatives, Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff .For'This Issue
Night Editor: Armtsrong Sports Editor: Keeler Assistant Nidht' Editan:'>KloBson . J>ay >Editoc: Boynton Workers: Kimbrell, Heath, Wells, Shevell, Fischer, Glaspie. Spotts.SMff'D.iE.’Brower, B.. .'B. Barnes, JR. -W. Krieger,. W. H. Cassady. > ‘
ui-
by Boh Boswinkle
The Cork Does Some More Investigating
.
EdlSir’s Note; The followinl: r^finted from the California Daily Bruin College students are a queer lot. Almost without exception, ■we -are -convinced .that we .kno.w it .all, and we interpret every statement we hear in a manner which will bolster our self^
The Cork is inMligent—'there’s no getting around -esteem, We’re feted and fated . . . fated to be .the .great inteh that, but we were stumped last week. The queer sit- lectual giants, the masterful business and government execuuation which stymied us has really caused us con- tives, the important creative artists fof'twenty'years ^hence. cern ever since our first days dt'the University. . | That freshman self^^esteem is a great tTiihg, provided it’s ' During oUr first' walk around fhe Ov’al'Weidlianced hot icarried to the point of insolent snobbiShness. ’Being in colto glance at the lipher architecture of Bid University gives'lh|ia'"fisht:fO 'thirik We’re lucky people, <bUt nof the Hall. There was spmetWng wrong up there, ut it i^hihk fhat we’re superior to everyone who doesn’t took our unlearned mind a while to catch on. Ah! f -i 'i, _ We knew What-it was! University Hall had-only one hPld .a, degree, ^When a professor tells US that .only, a smalhperspire where '.bases had obviously been .construdted centage of'high school graduates get to'college, he’s hiakihg for four spires.' ' ' ' ' a statement'off act, When we interpret his statement to mean Instantly all sorts of weird thoughts sprang into that f^e’re ‘Mperior intellectually because we made college,
our little head. Did a roaring wind sweep the other •Y^g’j-g distorting fhe truth. ' ■
spire's’.'off' after "they had been erected?^Or did'the , , i, , n ji j-x.- ' j • University never have-.enough money: to :finish >t:he /.Fortunately, there s usually a cure for everything, and in spires after they-had built the rest of the building? the case .of college snobite-iss, there are two cures. Qne has Were the other three spires stolep by a mob from been with .US for years. It’s the opportunity to spend our vaca-
lU? If so why wasn’t that fact imade common knovvl- tidus Working with nbn-Cdlle^e people.
•edge? Why if such a thing did happen, we’d get up When a student walks into a newspaper composing room bn
his first'day on the job, he’ll probably take instructions from
a-gang tonight and go down and blow up the dive!
In those days we longed to show that Purdue spir- . ■ , - j, -ii i, mi i, it (hat e,eiy™ talked about We started asking high school graduate, and yet thacollep man Will have a
WtoUoneft?
Sfitiiraay nig'ht a reported four persons made an imsuccessful Bttempt to break into the building housing the Purdue Victory Bell. They had completely sawed through the fwo lock 'hasps and biroTcen one of the windows before they, were driven away by an excited group of students from Cary Hall North. The boys from Cary Hall reported that the culprits were from Indiana, which, however, is only an assumption since no one Was able to identify the figures as they fled up the hill behind the bell house. There have been several other theories advanced as fo the identity of the burglars. It is possible that thgy might have been Nazi agents. Who thought the structure was used to store munitions for the military depart-ment-or housed a transplanted portion of the Fort iKnox^g.old supply. Still another possibility is fUat'the thieves were patriotic Americans seeking'^scrap iron for national defense. No one, has cons^ered. that the burglars might have been Purdue students. Many things happen here on campus that are erroneously^ blamed on lU students. However, the bell house affair seems to show a lack of planning and foresight characteristic of the boys from Bloomington. Perhaps Cary Hall . North is correct in their assumption. , Although the men of Cary Club should be applauded for their action in defending their beloved bell, it should be mentioned that if
seniors for information on the subject: “Why, dig- hearty respect for the other man’s knowledge at the end of liified and mighty one, does that old building have the day. He’ll’beg^in fo resilize that, while the fellow worker only one'spite?” “That building? Oh yes! Er—why :vvould be out of his depth on a campus, the student-himself that’s the place where you take English A.” And jg. strange waters When he’s out of the academic atmos-
then the juniors; “Sir, could you tell me why that _ - >
building behind Mr. Purdue’s grave doesn’t have P ^ • _ ■ . , t r n i. four spires?” “Sorry, Bud. I have to run along to The other cure IS a surprise development of the present nathermo.now.” ' tionalemergency.Thecrisishasbrought-abeutasuddende-We worked down to the sophomores: “Ditto ques- mocratization affecting young men and wqmen especially, tion.” “Stick around here long enough, Sonny, and Everyone has met the college man who goes off to camp bedll the mysteries will be cleared up.” And finally we the necessity of serving directly under £),n ex-garage put the question to our brother freshmen: You ve A few Weeks later, home ou leave, the ex-college got me, fellow. I’ve been wondering about that my- \ , . . . „ / Ac A.tt> a rt i. self”’ they would answer. So when a freshman asked 'Ul^n is full of stories to tell about Sergeant He S-A-Great-Guy
“Stop .showing tkOff .you’re in the Army, Phil■have been peeled p^^
-those'potatoes
WBAA
YouVe _
EcHtor*8 Note; This*12 hour ;schcclulc will he in effect today providing that permis-
sion is received ill time from Uie FCC in us the other day the same question that we had asked Htjiakes. He’s discovered that all non-college men are not his Bo many.times last year, the Cork decided that some- mferiors. Some of them have as much mental alertness as any
thing should be done. university man and know quite a few things without having We went directly to the Library. We started look- spent four years at a recognized center. It’s surprising, how ^ Tuesday, Sept. 23
mg through copies of Debris, first the relatively college man likes the idea. It’s nicp to toow that recent ones and then working back tp the older ones ■
When we reached the ones published around the turn majority of Americans aren’t the morons he had thought
of the century, we began pausing for all sorts of they were.
10:10 a.in.-
10;.15 a.m.11:00 a.m.-
interesting things. A picture , of the Purdue. Mandolin, Guitar and Banjo club, a lecture on Agriculture,something about the Ladies Hall and the Dorm, and we stopped to read a write-up about the Exponent to see if gripes were still being registered back then. Then on to a copy of -the-first Debris in 1889. There
Co-eds, too, are getting a cure for snobbishness out of the national defense pot-purri. When the recreational programs for soldiers first started, co-eds were insulted if they were expected to dance with anyone lower in rank than a secorid lieutenant. Now they’d rather whirl about with a rollicking
proud and stately stood the building—with one spire, sergeant from Kalam'azoo than with the general himsdf. So the Cork has come to the conclusion that unless ’ All in all, it’s been amply demonstrated that we college stu'something drastic happened between the time the deiits, given a chance to broaden Our view-points Qn life, and building^ was builWand^fhe publication rf^.tiie first ^.g (Jq first hand experience, in close contact with men
and women whose lives have run in different courses than ours, will lose our offensive intellectual snobbery. The cures
11:50 a.m.12:00 a.m.12:15 a.m.1:00 p.m.-
-Gurio Man
-Music
-Principle.s of Sociology with Prof. Noss -Piirdue Nows -Ag. Forum -Meet the Band -Souvenirs
4:00 p.m.—Tea Time Tunes 4:15 p.m..—Hoard in the Hallway 4:46 p.m.—Little Miss Mu'ffett 5:00 p.m.-^Jiist Relax '
j5.:30 p.m.—Ves^iers
5:45 p.m.—Curio Man
5:50. p.m.—Nows
0:00 p.m.—Dinner Music
0:30 p.m.—Sports
.‘'':45 p.m.—Magic Carpet 7:00 p.m.—Religious Drama , 7:30 p.m.—Carolyn Wood^singer
8:00 p.ni.8:30 p.m.8:45 p.m.9:00 p.m.9:30 p.m.-
-Story of the Opera -Eventide Echoes -Sacred Music , -Iledburg’s Orchestra -Music
9:50 p.m.—News
Debris that UniverBity Hall never had but one spire.
1:46 p.m.—Markets 2:00 p.m.—A Story a Day 2:15 p.m.—Rddio'Camera Club 2:30 p.m.—Virginia Ulrey-singer 2:46 p.m.—Treasure Chest 3:00 p.m.—News—Music
new one that is really on the smooth side compared to . some of his other numbers. Lt’s that old song again, “You Made Me Love You,” but it’s got a different slant—^it’s blue.
they hadn’t bungled the job, they might have rnay be hard for confirmed snobs to, take, but the rewards captured the thieves, and the campus would in the form of easier, smoother relations with our fellow-men,
know their true identity. Instead of creeping are great. '
up on . the invaders and trying to trap them To take the place of snobbishness, we’ll develop a spirit of at their work, the freshmen from Cary Hall tolerance towards those whose opportunities have been more dashed across the street in one body, giving circumscribed than ours ... a tolerance which may be our the thieves ample opportunity to escape in strongest ally in keeping our minds clear and free from hys:!the other direction. However, they-shouldn’t teriafor the “duration,” and may aid us in understanding the be criticized too harshly for their mistake problems of post-war adjustment. ’ because if it hadn’t been for their timely ac- There’ll never be another opportunity like the present one
to earn our way through college, help our country, contrive our belief in the democratic way, put ourselves on a true scale of self-evaluation, arid develop a keen, sympathetic understanding of our nien’s problems, all at the same time. Let’s
take advantage of it!—^California Daily Bruin.
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S
LEARN TO DANCE
A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE Wed., Seph 24, 7:00 p. m. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS ADVANCED PUPILS ENROLL THURS., SEPT,
tion, the students of Purdue-might today be
■ without their Victory Bell.
“Adios,” and “Adios” means Glenn Miller and you know what that means—swing that’s been polished till it’s sweet. We’ve got a trumpet , solo in this one too; it’s by Bobby
James starts everything going with Hackett and it’s really different, a trumpet solo that is super satin .Hackett’s solo reminds you of flowsmooth like your best girls cheek molasses-slow and easy, soft
Every once in a while the band
Chaftf^er
sneaks in for atcouple of bars, try-
and sweet and on top of that it is really good. Of the three records
ing to make things gayer, but that .mentioned this probably has the best
teumpet is so sad that the band
“A wind nn^ument-consisting of a long metai tube, commonly once dr twice euryed, and ending in abell,” that’s what Webster calls it —“A twisted hunk of pipe that drools hot notes and sweet notes, smooth -notes apd notes with jagged edges,” -that’s 'wBat we call it, and some simple radicals still cdll ■ it a trumpet.'Yoii’ll probably agree with our definition once you hear Sonny Dunham -featuring Sonny Dunham qn “Memories of You.” Man oh pfian,v 4ccs' tbqt trumpet (we’re radical^) piw ckit'«the calories! )i' o i -
is so
starts crying too. Harry James can certainly inake that horn do what he wants it iro and that’s plenty.
tune, but that “best” doesn’t necessarily apply to the trumpet work.
Last paragraph-and.-that mGans^ - Subscribe-To..Your,;Uampus Dafly,:
You caii leoJi'fB:.this" band right up at thej top very soon, -becauae he’s headed that way mighty .fast right now| ^yj^ji^cidfutally one of the local |)Qys. from .Paul Reedy’s band, CorifldiL is helping Dunham i with his ti^ippet work, at present. Hairy Raines has gotteh off a
DERBY HATS
\ .
AT DEACS H. G. REiMeR BOOK STORE
9lojUt— Is the Time to Plant and Reseed Your Lawn
We Specialize in Best Quality
Lawn Seeds
& KEMPLE HDW. CO. North Side Squdre Phone 2577
W.ILArAVETTE
LIBRARY
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHOSIS 3c‘ PER DAY - i Oc tMINiWU'M
Ap'CLMS ■
, OPiN BEGINNER'S Se|it. 2^ p. m. ADVANCED T/.n p m. !l‘ ■ ! .■ >LjiHOME'' 2t$0" - AU|EM*S‘ 6th dk Ectry
P. E. 12
Athletic Trunks —60c Plain Sport Shirts t-45c
Athletic Hose—35c
. Aerosa'from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Somroona, ’29 R. W. ‘Wc” Epple, ’40 s
Do You Want to Go to the 1 !t t? See Page 4
I'
ir
ill.
4'^■wwH
s 23, a*"
'If- ; ^ ^ J ^ t-v
As the firstibasketball practM clf ihe ae^eh'jht^u^^
• ilbosh Meet Varsity Again
i|ari.the first time this season Coach Elmer Burnham brought his fresh- ^O^ay, some 120 pairs of feet poiindedifche 'hardWOOd izi Sfiardh man^^uad over to the varsity practice in Ross-Ade Recreational Field of a berth on the freshman baslS^ball sqtladi itlndBr^thgfS^tbh- i yestWday afternoon in order to give, the Varsity experience in {playing tful i^e '“Piggy” Lambert, lie freshman ifectt-immage ifei^
against the kind of offense and defense that W'ahderbilti'wdll use’: iSi’thfe ^Bfte!^th(lfo’fe‘om three until fiyb*'' = s' : • • } o«Satur^y; This^olicy_nf jaching^e^restoan squad thes#^ ^ of y^h^h are to be metsb^the ®oile^akers shas be^tprOven:-:qulte vital to the chances vaMe m,the p^t few years^by gwing^e VarSrty a. chance te^antun- any oiie: boy, they do afford a pate^e i^y of the^opposmgvteam^: ^ y n , • .ehaneeAto.formulate at least a teU-It'-Was the second practice open to all students'who scare to attend. -n • x. .,xj,Ki« u Ai, C X ™ XI X X. X , . tativeiidea of who will survive the " -Piggy -^^ld mention
a wedk ago, the interested band of fan's was certainly large enough to
no names as to what high sehool
p.;o«tthe merlte of the now plan. The ratio at the practice waa a little st„, „f year came opt for the widrtthan the averase campns range, althonsh the fairer eex wm, very Ehlnie squad because he welk'sriepresented. I:. .1 .t ...i,. ,,i. 1. ■eo-. rt J.-r.. ,x -i. ,• • .
, wvrahes -to «how no discrimination.
llie Hospital
For a month or more the after ,
„ , .. . . noon practices will follow the gen- ^The waMly'diaSebiih • s ? jinxs which besets any hopeful Boilermaker squad era! pattern of a series of ten min- another intensive .-workout yester-
scrimmages. Different teams day afternoon, beheufh .a hot sun
^e definitely out for the season was the first major setback via the dn- will be formed at random and will aHiOiich;.'pQurfld-f.dpwn i.Qh ^ntraipiiiJral ' ' 1- ' . " " ' be pitted against another such team ®ield. At iPVasent,: ;the: 3oileririaker ihibt of persons were asking where that fast stepping halfback. Red for the vsessions. 'By vvarying the 'diamond, iS'quadt.faoiisiafrS.fi^^tf tbifty •D^j the Frosh-VarsRy tilt Saturday. The answer is that composition of the groups each day Sdeuj including, sqven,returning let,ed^ws delegated to the sidelines by an injured back muscle which has and giving every boy an equal itHrmGni'*.The-entire .aggregation'is
imitefi his actions for oyer a week now. Trainer Lon Mann spread the chance. Coach Lambert feels that lin excellent physical condition, and t, ,x.'
1 inga last night that Red would be fully ready for action by Saturday, the best'boys-will survive the cuts, 'tdl hands are ,raring to gp. • AMkal' AboUl' Leuad? Around the end'jof October the Assistant Dpachj' BustUBanders, ® * X ” ' squad.will be cut to about 60 boys ^vedled in ariilwtferviey’that "there V^sity center Alex Leugo suffered a reoccurance of a painful knee and soon after “Dutch” Fehring will isxa'wideopen scrambleat thepres-
injuryun the early stages of Saturday’s tussle which .it-was feared.might take over. ^The final squad wfll be ient,d;ime for five berths which were All-American Dave Rankinls'berth keepirhim out of action for some time. However, the Jaiifcyv center re- composed of .about-20 mem who will ileft, vacant as a rqsult of graflua- hatjle#epd onitheBdilarpidkerdleviqnvtiomfnv T.vo,.f,-nh. xh...x 4x-...•11 — finish thc scasou. w.h.c. ition. en kbionde^ern King. Vern is six
■'.'SAmong those who. have shown feat .one and, one-half inches cof
Eiyht^TBSIHS Go To Finols ™ x^.^ scrapping iballplag^r .ana us really
Bing
Ral^h Barnes
Fighting for the honor of filling
portedi for practice as normal yesterday and maintains that it will cer- finish the season, w.h.c.
tairilydbe o. k. by game time. ‘ .
Taekle O’Bryan and guard Wes Stevens are the final members of,the injured list, both suffering from that most common injury, Jtaekles shdul-
der.-civl • . • :■ i' l: ' , ^ 'm! '4
• Someffiiiig New Under The Sun
In Interfral Golf Tourney
drills thus far are: outfiPlderS Bur- tough competition for any man’s iber,: Shoemaker, and the veteran, fgam. 1
iGarson; first baseman Jones, ..third baseman Wright, the veteran- sund
AiMi'tain Dr. Leventhal, one of the world’s most famous .s^pecialists in fobtball injuries, has uncovered a new develppment to correct this injury'^which Dr. Miller plans to use on both of the players so afflicted.
: Asunior in the School mf 'Mechan-
Theta Ghi is now leading the-v^ry capable second sacker, Harry Si^a Nu ht .bnnses o-n tn t.ViP fraternity pledge. King hails from
Greeks as eight houses go to the aUnFerren, catchers Jack Wargo o™ Pni^ final elimination bounds in the in- .and Young, and Pitcher Wult fLeif-
It is>ah injection which is shot into the shoulder near the injury which bJpJyS'^tSmo^fow^aftern™^^ on mound Utaff jggg^ maior-.monograms in e.„.^a calcification Thi= p„d„c.,.„ „, a„ caccsa of o.ioinm in sup- SS“. Clo Set' S BTaZa ani,„sE.tbalI for poseddo be a great aid in healing the injury. ^ ^ on its beds,iare Phi Gamma Delta three consecutive,cypprs, but is a m Ic Tka W.. and Sigma Nu. oulv One uoint separ-, ■■■: • ; , . . .| : - :One;-BpQr.tiiUian here-,4t Pur4ue, • SBSketball Is On The Way. ating the two runners-up, and only r- i„ ' ^ ;-yotmg cgll bis timcx-bfe) foot^^^^^
AJbough several of the most ambitious of the varsity and freshman five points separating the Fijis from baslt^ball squads have been practicing of their own will for several the first place team., daySy ithe first official indication of the coming bardwood season was the The. complete standings are as
first'lfreshman practice yesterday afternoon. ^ follows*
U6b Martin vs Bill Fawcett. H>-dVoth-V8-E< Bxc-Wells, Bob Hunt ys L. E. lE^tchford.
Lynch .vs, rSchneider br.,R. D. Martin.
Clark vs Kutsch or Mitchel).
Oivel? 125 candidates reported to Coach Piggy Lambert for the first cali
SOFTBALL
merits, during the next few weeks, after which they -will be cut to a squadipf about 25 men. . . .. > i, • ; . .
South Bend Epidemic
who'Were teammates on Johnny Wooden’s great team last year, and whol.are both candidates for the frosh hardwood squad, have both been operatfed on within the past month. Anything to get out of-practice.
1st
Theta Chi ,
........251
-TuesdaTi ■:
2nd
Phi'Gamma Delta .....
.256
DIAMOND 1 H 1 vs H 3.
3rd
-Sigma ,Nu :
257
2 ■ )■ .3-1
A 1 vs A 3. B 1 Vs B 3.
4th
TM Kappa Psi
........265
' C 1 vs C 3.
5th
, Sigma Ghi
........266
"6
D 1 vs D 3. E 1 vs E 3.
6th
Theta Tau :
268
;? -8 ,;9
, F 1 vs F 3. S 1 vs S 3. H 2 vs H 4.
7th
Beta Theta Pi ...........
270
8th
Delta ■’’Tau Delta
272
10 . ii.
A 2 vs A 4. B 2 vs B 4.
In
a three-way tie for 9th place
12
,13
C 2 vs C 4. D 2 vs D 4.
i .Wernis hobby is v biplanesji - jUst Bit^lanek. 'He'hasn-ft :d»ne muehi flying, flying machines hold a fascination for hhn. Hewas once .tpldsthat if he didn’t keep his mouth, closed when,booking' lat coverhead jplanes.
er gridiron fans niiaeffid the aeeani open preetiee UesstattU'hgok fo€. 4be iFiei^ouse yestepdasi,.«U^i^nounj:«« : :^!pach-MUl'ffilward ran the’’Gold aiid Blackpigskin .aces thuipi^'h ^a <loi)g sseries of<flefei)8nie>d)dHli,nn.pa*e^»> ^ion 'for "the seasonls jdartain raiser with Wanduxbilt ffiathfdby . edltermoon. -Dji^ ta disappointing^ahiibil bf spectators was present for the isessiUn, / x .; •. Tbe'i6dimni«d0ree^"*Wittdly4niUWii muUdl iDep^taneitt is%icii8Ufn^1i frap plays, .which, will .be prominent :£eries of cross cotintrjrineetB. in the Ross-Ade 'ti»3lg.‘thi8 :3i)i^^ -nroeta -afcittktnto itthihspr ;^ .end were given lots.ot-attention as varsity cross ’Elward .and Ijne upaoh bse iBoland Sor these runs the coUyse Is -staibad tl^e .^ivuters ihto:.thuir;a^ ^Shortened to two md nnn;tl|rtinnij|tit|L: tweek of wpjbputs befOTc meeting -instead of the usual thr^ an^pil^ ibe-jjehelosquadiiy..;-- ,.i' 'quartBrnnBetLx:.'
“watdh JeriJane”
“Watch Jack Jenkins,” Boland pnte“in*^fe!iffenents,®d#iWer,^vi(^told the Jinemen, “His..del£^ior hesi- sitym*en tatinnjv^ll almost. ra itrap in sequeit%s{ndH‘m<^ib^eiWBia«*ii>^ thebkckfeldfor^ou.” the»e8lilfe.^^ Jenkins is Vanderbilt’s hard-hit- Ibw Score Wins 'iS; ting, 215 pound, blocking back who lEach team will consist of ’has 'opened plenty of holes for the nrenjand v^rtie scored.in flte usiiiijTennessee ball toters. Another ob- nflanper. That is, ject'rf the coaching staff’s defense cnoss the fSR£il^y^0i:ijteyiNBl^one bri^ vfas Commodores’ little Art PVnt; the second, two .paintat and Rebroyitchy a strong running, pass- so on. Therefore the total , of points and bfcking star who will fill the-*iir8t. three the ,yiiingba^ position. wUlxihnjsthe/team Red-jerseyed members of the ^nners are 4^. -onos-.adth.'^^'lo'^ squad ran through a long series of team sc<H:e., fast, triplfy plays whieh Vanderbilt iThe Intradtdmdt. will undoubtedlypull outpf the hat sraieB, •nSll .t^e this week, continuing the .work 1'4. Medain<sfi^’.tofin which the frosh started in thqi^h^ thwarded to the tht^.'seorin^ -mem-ie-varsity, tilt last Saturday, *9 thetisranningSfeedintdfl^l^a:* .sides the lengthy scjfim-*^®®^ compgijffQih ;ninge,-;^dl ^ui^^a^f^lbapkfielid S'SiThqn tfae.foUovdngtwm^^wlilam^bem s^pa^.^d'^iiHr-.'^ith 4be.5ntrnf*ataimi^ iflE^ n§liK Pi^s eyhi{^x thqv3>*#e*ft^^i^, ^®®nntigt3ms-^R^bB held., Ajt0M|lljy expect to piili off at fherclash. - ^ awarded iShIft In,SquadSLikdly ^t«traward:eross;C^>u»faylin^
and Sigma Alpha Epsilon, each with a total of 281 points, r.b.b.
ORDER COAL
- 'NOWj^llg.
Quick Delwery Service
Phone 2404
-E 2 vs E 14.
il5 iF 2,.vs F.'4.
,16 -S 2 vs S 4.
17 i Delta Upsilon vs Delta Chi, is , Phi Kappa vs Theta Tau. ; is Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Chi,
he would get the roof of it sun-
burned.
Likes Kay Kyser Vern’s favorite danee band is Kay Kyser, but he confesses that he really goes for hiiT-ibilly^piusife'stuff like “San Antonio Rose,” and “You Are My Sunshine.” He likes to get around and moet people, and enjoys making new
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Tuesday, Sept. 23 COURT 4:15 p.m. ' 11 Dial vs Charlton. 12 Daloy Vs Dave Eden. 13.Cohen vs F. Turner. 14 D. Robinson vs W. F. Hutchins. 15 C. N. Ross vs J. S. Sells. 16 P. Sidwell vs Ed ArbeRUst. 17 Crofts vs J. Harrison.
friends. Unlike the majority of ath-
20 Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Theta Pi. letes, he has no superatitutions: be- return tp .school has given mentor
gl ;Theta Xi vs Alpha Sigma £Phi. . . ■ , . , ’ , ^ 23 i Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs .Kgppa Delta lieving instead that ,# it’s - in fjpe
cards for a thing tothappen-yit will
Rho. , , :
Sigma Pi vs Tag, Epsilpn Shi. : Kappa Sigma vs Beta Sigipa. Psi. iPi Kappa Alpha vs Tau Kappa
• Epsilon.
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta.
wenched shouWer recmved in last awarded to |hursd^«s .drillmermd. ^d Alex qi the winning team.' : HLeug^xtaken out uifg^e freshman talking Race Too - v game ^vipek-end ^h a leg in- ^he next week is tfae All 3u^ p.a% c^val^g. ; Walking race on November 4: -®^ Ind^tjQnB .pfasd*^ere prom- event also covers the two ahd oil. ment yesterd^ as Elward ^voted ^aif ^iie cross countiw course.^ conmd^able attenUom to sophomme Ending the series is the Infta^
haqfc^du^^e,drill
los8.4tf BHl3iafington and^the fail- ^he winning team will be ^ven A ure of Schumacher and Fijala to ; mi™ J ui V,- isx,**., /*“ conimctioiLiwitlK'fliese meetsi El^rd^i3)rob^m, big J^n ^ <2^ Bq^ahMi^i^d his st^’; hq^ tbe.pnly^emmning^ul]^^ coBsqnteditu g^Byohe whd ;
: hap^nandthpr^isnothing^y (^e witb aqy^ ac^al dxp^ncj^ tdt^ter oLthfe meetaaniri Ae\ 4-.-. 4- v4. • cv4.o •*»4-l V» 0» ll KS +<»■** +Y*f\TV% nAITlfl^ • . .»•
Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
WHEN COMES THE DAWN! and hunger too, you'll find chef Still on the job. Open 6 a. m. to 11 p. nfiMNeed We Say Moi^v--
TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 Univeri^ityl Street
can do to prevent iti
’The draft does not have him worried, .because >his feet are flat as iboBrds, and-he wears size 14 shoes. ’Kihg isioptimistic about the team ' this-year,: and.^expects the Boilermakers to .go ito; town. The toughest team .he. ever played against was Minnesota, and he is a little bit disappointed that the Gophers are not on the schedule this season. He will be rarin’; to't^ke another crack at ’em next lyear,. and it’s my guess 'that the Minnesota boys will have plenty to say :ahout one tough Boilermaker end by ithe name of King.
starting hne-up IS far from bein^ ^ ^ completed and Elward asserts tl^at Coach Phillips also suggest nothing will be definite until the ^.^at those who plan to en4-thr opening whistle. d.e.b. events, come but in the afternoons
mi. ,mix- S3 andwoiitoni: witibi^he lafSK* a-heiehicago White fiox« sad ’ Tn^’ k'TTw P"™-* ‘he lntrrir.t»nltli Kuheh . Wlowdr- Kmeiiwbocte, and. K^rfy. ^ -ioi^tot. mrt. tlteaejles rf tors they have Kreevich in the ont. ^ en dieptoy ^^® t^ocolate Shqp. 'p.g.m.
Babe Ruth hit three homersdn one game just before he concluded his icareer sas ;a uneiiaber of. ;^6,3o#tqn:-i Braves.
No Ci’atinai^ Necessary ! For swell flavor and real chewing fnn-4bl answer is delicious Wri^ey^s Spearnunt Gtim
A
fRUtm f ■ ^'j', -v. :y ' TAN CAlf S
See how Hand storrtfng highlights every hjgh-qoal-ify detail of this s^rtitfft s^le, adding dollai«»ibl|ls looks .. . but not a fieKHy ’ to its price.
Antiqued Fine -Calfikin
A. 6. C Shoe Co., Inc.
X-RAY OTTOG
406 Mainv St.
Phone 2d01
EDGERTON HDWE.,1NC. HARDWARE-PAlfMTS andiSUh^lK FLOOR POLISHERS and sANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
!BB^y second baseman of the Phillies, has not' jtl^ed a eompIeteixSasBOp for the dPhils, yet lie 'is TeaiRhg the league - in stolen bases. He slides into a-hiuse ’ a la “Pepper” Martin i e. head first ^and on his stomach. -
\M„.J&mthworth^s
P. E
. i' -i you will find the
required and regulation
equipment at
Terrible Tommy Harmon, pHe- j nomenal Michigan bachfield sthr, b thus been rejh^eddnAds reiquesl’:3io^ an exemption by hia Ibbal Service board, fi'qm %rp«b^^ grounds’that 4re nuppoited bis-p^-ents. " ;
STUDIMTSH
A Sln^ list Regud^
Yardley Shave. Bowl^..tl.CIO Mennen Siuu^iBi>aceii, ‘ .3?; Burma Shave, tube.... \59; Max Factor Pancake Makeup .311 Jergen’s Lotion Sldateiine ■■ ■ Coty Lipstick .SjftJ (pana Toothpaste
‘So* iSift-
305 Ststa S». Nmm«.4<KH
?f.. ■
. J,' TaewJay; Sspteni'er23, HW
I^Ml WamenSwimmers
Fraliiacn Bhiirlnecn: Scatine assign*^, mcnte for cnginecrinK lectures to be Hdldi In Fowler Hall are posted near the frtmt, entraitce on the ground floor In Michael Gulden Shops. —W. A. KNAPP
. Seabbaird and Blade: Meeting tyednesday, September 24, at i7,:80 p. ni. In.'roohi 804 of the union. All members will be there as important plana are to bo diaeussed;
—SULUVAN. •
Pnrdaa Bngl^neer; Workers i Freidman,
Pattersoii, „ Pettinicci, Plo^feiw, Wormser.
and Winslow fei>bft. for work ai
J,? 'f; %• ^
’ Ik "
J^Prom 4 to 4:80 p. m. tomorrow WAA is spOMoring a Splash Party. .^aWi W^U be ^mes for all swim-
Milltanr Code Classes: Extra-curricular code instruction will be conducted by the military department again this year for any male students interested. Announcement of the schedule will be made the last week in October. —BURKHAKT.
is*;-!
- . at the Engineer. offieeTuesday/'nt 4 p.m. Other Soph'^ oinore workers report; also. —HAWKINS
tliis is the swimming call-out for %ety|iRa iQ Rhy stage of swimming iibility. The following classes are going to be organized, with Miss BuSsel and Miss Case instructing: 4i00 to 4:30—Monday—Advanced ^^Wiinniers;' ( 4:00 to 4:80 —Tuesday —Beginning Ballet. ’ 4:06 to 4:80 —• Wednesday — Adtlinced Ballet. 4f66 to 4:80—Thursday — Advanced Swimmers. !;■. 4 :80 to 5:00—Monday and Wednesday—Practice for Swimming Meets. 4:^ to 6:80 ^— Monday through ’ Pfid8y*||)ii((!tt;,^im.
Purdue Athletic Connell: Important meeting Tuesday, Sept. 28 at '4 p.m. In the
PEW Horseback' Riding Classes: The* first lecture required for credit in this course will be given Tuesday, Septemhev 28, at 7:15 p. m. In the lecture room of the women’s gym. If for any reason yotf'can-' not be present please notify the women’s
gym,
—CASE. .
Plying: club; Anyone interested in join- ‘ Ing the Flying Club please attend open meeting Wednesday, Sept. 28 at 7:80 p.m. in, room 263 of the Union. Old members, please be present. —HABICHT
office of 'the Director of Athletics.
—ADAMS
AWS Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p;m. in AWS office. —McCULLOCH
SCA Board: First meeting of the' year Tuesday, Sept. 23 in room 66 of the Union, Everyone please be there. Important. —MYERS
Purdue Agriculturist:: freshman and sophomores call out Wedifesday, September 24. All those Interested, in editorial, business, and circulation staffs, report to room 118 of Agriculture Hall. No previous journalistic experience required; many opportunities open. —SNYDER
Westminster Girls’ Club: Meeting with all new freshman Women at the University Church Tuesday, Sept. 23. Supper will be served at 6:80 p.m. —VIRTUE
<^isified
EE Seniors: Mass meeting Tuesday, September 23, 4 p.m. in EE room 264. —KING
PEW: Women’s PE classes meeting at 2 and 3 p.m. Tuesday at intramural field for Patty Berg golf demonsfratloh. —HAZLETON
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7:80 p.m. Tuesday, Sept, 23 in room 806 of the Union. •—LOCKWOOD
. All Ag Seniors: Mass meeting Td^daiv: Sept. 28 at 7:30 p.m. in AssembW’ Room of Ag Hall, Discussion of plans for. senior parade. —SWAIM
Modem Dance Club: Practice Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p.m. and Thursday at 7 p.m. every Week. —SERBAN
WAA: Tennis practices every Tuesday and Friday. Tournament scheduled in' the next two -weeks. Three practices needed to participate. —STiGERWALD,
KiTypewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, Tinted, repaired,. and purchased. Mimeograph and: mliltigraph work done. C. J. Eberahoff, 605 Main. 1 Phone 2779, Lafayette.
Pi Kappa Psi: Important meeting of all members Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30 p.m. in room 806 of the Union. —SCOTT
WAA Speedball: No practice Tuesday, Sept. 23. Practice- Thursday, Sept. 26 at 4 p.m. on the field. —GALBRAITH
Anyone With information about where John Dodds left his books, notebooks, etc., please report to Professor Harding’s office.
Tea Dance
. . . sponsored by the Student ^nipn, will be held today in the worth ballroom. Dancing will begin 4 to recorded music. During the c6ming_ year the Union will sponsor These tea dances on a bi-weekly schedule.
Triton Club : There will be a compulsory meeting for all old members Tuesday, September 23, at 7:16 p. m. in the women’s gym. —KRAEPELIEN.
Freshmen: All those interested in freshman swimming meet at pool in Field House Wednesday, Sept. 24 at 7:30. —PAPENGUTH
Wanted: Student to care for furnace for room. Furnace operated by automatic stoker. Call at 627. State St.
Lost: Brown Sheaffer 'eversharp pencil last Friday. , Call Hostetler 8446, Reward.
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting in the office at 6 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 23. —NEWTON
Lost : Gold and black Sheaffer pencil with initial “S” Monday afternoon. Qall 2163. Reward. '
Notices
g vice Pistol,.Group: Student desiring to n the first novice pistol group starting 23, 1941 may sign up in the supply of the armory now. .V —BROWN.
Crown Cleaning Service is a Real Asset in Keeping Clothes NEW Looking
K student Tutors in Mathematics: Students Who are competent and who wish to do tutoring in mathepiatics should leave their
oames and telephone numbers at the math department
Have Your Suit Crown Cleaned Regularly
:’'Exponent Sojfiiomore Coeds: Work sched.ule is posted in office. Please check and '^Kport on days assigned. —ROSE
Students Eligible for N. ,Y. A.: Inquire'
Playsbop business office, Fowler Hall,
•bout Bvailab"
out available N. Y. A. jobs in connection fWith dramatics. -^CARMICHAEL
Club: Meeting in room 264 of EE .building ’Tuesday, September 23, at 7:30 ^.m. Refreshments I Come meet the new .aponsor and the. fellows. —KING
@Ei@wN Immt
riNC CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Go to the
PURDUI-
The 1941 EXPONENT knows that you wont want to miss this outstanding gatme of the year.
Here’s a chance for you to go FREE as the
Exponent’s guest, all you have to do is sell ten subscriptions between the dates. Sept. 22 and October 22; and a ticket to the game is yours.
Whether you get $1.00 down or $3.50 paid-
in-full, it’s still a subscription.
Talk to your friends. They want to buy an Exponent anyway so they might as well get it from you. . ,
Come down to the Exponent office and get your subscription blanks now. „
The Billiard Room
The Grill Lounge The Browsing Room
The Music Room
Office Headquarters—-Sub-Basement of the Purdue Memorial Union The West Side Is Your Territory! A Ticket to the Football Game Is Your Prize!
The Coffee Shop Banquet Rooms Bowling Alleys
Lounges
^ 4* 2^S>
Truely the place of leisure at Purdue University. Here in pleasant an wholesome surroundings you may find fellowship and fun. The place where friends meet. Join the hundreds that use the Union daily.
The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of College Activities
•0
' r'j