‘ I'f' , 1*'”' /’ '■ ''- '■ •'I ' >■;'•'■ V
f, K. W f
ri\
Boilermakers SuFFer First ConFerence
Established T889
XfzoHsni
Volume 55, No. 73
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, January 19, 1943
Bob Alien Will Play For Union Mixer Friday
Dance Will Open Senior Cord Festivities This Week
By Keith Edmondson Starting oif Cord Week with a big bang, Bob Allen and his orchestra will be featured in a Union Mixer to be held at the
Union this Friday night,’ January 22. Advanced sale of tickets ested in obtaining some practical experience in modern jourwill start tomorrow in the Sweet Shop from 4 to 5:30 for the nalistic practice are invited to attend the call-out for Exponent
Exponent To Hold Staff Cotillion Call-Out Friday At 4:15 Tickets
Go On Sale
All freshman and sophomore eds and coeds who are inter-
usual price of $1.10.
Although Allen’s band is still comparatively new, its fame in the East is now an estab
lished fact. Probably a couple of the reasons for its spectacular rise have been the sensational trumpeteering of Randy Brooks, formerly with Kemp, Jarrett and Thornhill, and beautiful, charming Lynn Gardner of Will Bradley fame. Of course Allen, himself, chips in with the male vo-
c^i^l chore.
Sweet Style The style of this young band, as his theme “Songs Dedicated to You” suggests, is primarily one which of-
editorial staff workers. The call-out will be held Friday ht 4:15
p. m. in room 355 of the Union.
By Jack Dominik
A limited number of tickets go on
A training school will be held for the new workers on Mon- sale today in the cashier’s office for
Union Will Hold Callout Tomorrow Afternoon At 4:15 The Student Union will hold a call-out for freshmen and sophomores tomorrow at 4:15 p. m. in the South ballroom of the Union. Senior officers and vice presidents will outline the work of the Union and allow the newcomers to choose the
day and Wednesday afternoons of next week. These schools are designed to instruct new reporters in the more fundamental aspects of writing stories, gathering infomation and using Exponent style. Those who attend this introductory course will be instructed in these principles by junior and senior members of the Exponent staff, and the sessions will be about an hour in
length.
Work Two Afternoons When the course is completed, the
New Officer Takes Command Of Naval Training Unit Here Commander Hugh J. Bai-tley, of
Toledo, Ohio, arrived here today ^ to take command of the Naval Thursday the sale will be extended
the Sophomore Cotillion. The first purchase of tickets at $1.65 each will be opened to sophomores at 8:30 a. m. today and tomorrow. On Coed Hours There will be two o’clock hours for coeds the night of the Sophomore Cotillion.
—AWS
fete sweet nfusic with just enough they may desire. All dances ...
spice to prefent boredom. Although the social calendar, the publicity, ^^'eshmen and sophomores will be
most of his music is sweet, if the occasion demands, Allen has enough hot pieces to keep the “gattors”
satisfied.
Rising with phenominal speed, Allen has come from obscurity to a ranking spot with the top bands of the Ekst in a little over a year. In fact, wken Glenn Miller announced hia intention of joining the Army as a Captain in the Moi’al Division, the scramble was on among the band leaders of fhe country to get the coveted job of replacing him at the Hotel Pennsylvania’s sumptuous Cafe Rouge in New York City. Allen, then playing at a suburban rtight club, was the surprise choice. And before the ink was dry on the contract, Victor Records stepped up and signed him to replace Miller on their recording table. Thus Allen found himself in one of the top spots in the country. Solos With Kemp Previous to the organization of his band, Allen was well immersed in the musical field. After complet-
and the stage sets are planned and made by the Union. This provides
expected to work in the Exponent office two afternoons a week. Sopho-
a wide variety of necessary and more men wHl work in the eyemng
interesting jobs for both coeds and
eds.
The vice presidents of the Union will visit the fraternities in person soon to interview interested per-
sons.
Advanced ROTC Students May Join Enlisted Reserves All senior advanced course ROTC students will be given the opportunity to volunteer for induction under the selective service act with
the provision that they be trans- a background in high school news ferred to the Army Enlisted Re- writing and editing is valuable as serve Corps, and remain in school a preparation for this work. The until the end of the current term, many bi-anches of work open to eds
^information in regard to the neces- and coeds who plan to work on the training here. Following the cussary forms and papers that must be editorial staff of the campus news- tomary banquet in honor of the
reading proof on one of their two days that they work in the week. While working on the paper the students who are on the staff will gain a wealth of practical experience, as they are expected to write stories, interview prominent men and women, rewrite press releases, hand in feature articles and read proof. Later on in the year sophomores are ^given an opporturiity to make up the paper and assign heads to the stories in order of their importance. All freshmen and sophomores will write headlines for the
articles that are to be printed. Experience Unnecessary
Previous journalistic experience is not necessary iij considering the Exponent as an activity, although
Training School, Electrical, at the University. Commander Bartley succeeds Lt.-Comdr. Herbert M. Hart, who was detached December 30 for duty with the selective servjee board at Des Moines, Iowa. The new commanding officer will take over from Lieut. Arthur M. Masters, executive officer, in a brief ceremony at 5 o’clock this afternoon, witnessed by the 850 seamen now in training at the school. Commander Bartley has been stationed at the Naval Training School for storekeepers at Toledo since May, 1941. He is a veteran of the last war, when he joined the Naval Reserve in January, 1918, and subsequently served on supply
and transport ships.
After a brief inspection trip, Commander Bartley expressed his keen interest and satisfaction with
to juniors and seniors, continuing through Friday. Freshmen may buy tickets from Saturday morning on. Students must have their passports with them in order to obtain their
tickets.
Anyone who hasn’t heard Jeri-y Wald is urged to tune in WMAQ (670 on your dial) at 9:30 any night and hear this new clarinet playing sensation and his orchestra, now playing from the Panther Room of the Hotel Sherman in Chicago. WBAA will also broadcast some of his recordings as soon as they are
obtained.
Orchestra One Year Old Jerry Wald’s orchestra, which cannot yet claim the distinction of being one year old, has really been a high climber in the world of music. Proof of this lies in the fact that his band was selected to play
the facilities now being used for the for the famous Harvest Moon Ball training of naval electricians at the Madison Square Garden this past
University. The unit was estab- August.
lished here June 1,1942.
The fifth company, consisting of slightly more than 200 men, will graduate Thursday evening. This is the largest class to complete the
This nationally known dancing event ,played before a crowd of 20,000 jive and dance lovers, has been an unfailing indicator of bands destined for musical greatness. In 1938 they selected Artie Shaw, in 1939 they chose Jimmy Dorsey. iVoody
War Training Classes
Backdrop Construction i« ® ‘T’l 11 f 1 ivn-"f I’/an tirai* 4'I'Q i »•» i n o* /»]• One Part Of Union Work
ing his education in a rural Ohio voluhtary enlist- paper have enough variety to in- men, graduation ceremonies will be Herman and Charlie Spivak were school, Allen entered a music con- '
servatory in Cincinnati. The turning point came, however, when he met the Ole Maestro, Ben Bernie. Bemie introduced Allen to Hal Kemp, who signed Allen as a vocalist immediately. Thus was started an eight year span for Allen. Upon Kemp’s accidental death, though, Allen decided to organize a band
around his voice.
After a slow start in Ohio, Allen landed the spot in the Hotel Pennsylvania which assured his success. Ever since then the East has been Allen’s' main stamping grounds which accounts for his relative obscurity in the Middle West. One of his records was established when he was booked at Rosemont of New York for four weeks and proceded to stay fbr four months, thus shattering records of Herman, Dunbam, Long and Dorsey.
Young Players
One of Allen’s manias is the youth
of his band. Though Allen himself is 28 and pianist Harold Mooney 29, the rest of the boys in the band are so young that the average age of the entii’e outfit—fifteen hoys and one girl—is twenty. In fact, trumpeter Billy Ohlak is a mere child at 17. Incidenitally, tliough, handsome, blonde Bob Allen is happily married
and father of Bob Allen, Jr. Playshop Asks For Crewmen Playshop will hold a general crew
callout this afternoon at 4 for all students interested in working on “The Eve of St. Mark.” The six crews for which anyone may ajjply are stage, lighting, costumes, properties, make-up and special effects.
At the meeting, which will be
held in Fowler Hall, Bill Lester,
ment may be obtained at the main trigue any student who has a spark held in the Music Hall. Prof. D. D. chosen in 1940 and 1941, respectiveoffice of the Armory. of journalistic interest. Ewing, head of the school of elec- ly- All of these bands have hit the To Be Called III May New'S writing on the paper in- trical engineering, and Prof. C. W. jackpot, and Jerry Wald’s will probIn accordance with the present eludes the reporting of campus ac- Beese, director of war training, will ably be the next, policy, all students who are enrolled (See EXPO CALLOUTS, page 4) speak. \
in advanced ROTC courses during ______________________
the present term will be called into action when they have completed
the term.
Those advanced ROTC students who aie members of the Enlisted Reserve Corps* at 'the conclusion of the present term will be ordered to active duty, and will be sent to a replacement training center if they are fiist or second semester advanced students; while senior advanced students will be sent directly to officer candidate school. Graduates of the advanced ROTC course who are members of the Enlisted Reserve Corps will be promoted to the rank of corporal effective the date of reporting at the Officer Candidate School. ROTC graduates who are not members of the Enlisted Reserve Corps will be sent to Officer Candidate School in the status of ROTC “cadets” under the same regulations pertaining to the now discontinued ROTC summer training
camps.
All seniois who aie members of the ERG when called will receive
By Paul Hahn
Have you ever wondered where a dance originates and how the backdrop and decorations are planned and produced? It all begins at a meeting of the president of the Student Union, Mr. Fletemeyer, Assistant Auditor of Student Organizations, and Mr. Vallely, manager of the Union. Out of this huddle comes the social calendar from an entire semester. As the date of an approaching dance comes, available bands are considered • and a contract is made with one of them. At the next meeting of the Union board, the president assigns the dance to one of the nine vice presidents, and the dance is under way. The fieshmen and sophomores
corporal s pay while they 'aie com- enter into the plans of the vice
jiletiiig their training. Those seniors who are not in the ERC will comlilete their tiainiiig as privates with
private’s pay.
presidents by submitting ideas for
drawing. The design often contains figures and portraits that require a certain amount of skill to draw. This gives both boys and girls an opportunity to do their share. This design was then copied to the full scale backdrop, which is ifiade of light cardboard called
“tag.”
The backdrop was completely laid out and carefully and neatly painted so that it would look well when the ballroom lights were on it. It was necessary to time the construction so that the paint would be dry enough to allow the backdrop to be put in the afternoon before the dance. Complicated constructions such as the Military Ball and the Junior Prom were started two or three weeks before the dance. The
the hackdiop. When he okays what procedure and timing for the back-
PIA Will Sponsor
Aiterno6n Tea Dances
For the rest of this semester the
Purdue Independent Association will sponsor a series of tea dances on Tuesday afternoons from 3 to 6:30 p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union. Memhers of the PIA
personnel manager, will explain the will be admitted fiee, while others functions of the various ciews and will have to pay the u.sual admisintroduce the crow head.s foi the sion. Records will furnish the music production. for these dances.
he considers the most appropriate design for the dance, the entire backdrop is then left for the freshman and sophomore workers to complete, under his direction. The backdrop idea for the Alvino Rey dance was presented to the vice president in charge of the dance by a sophomore worker. His sketch, having been okayed, was drawn to scale on one of the regular plan sheets, and when this design was approved, it wah sent down to the Union workshop where all backdrops are iiroduced. Here in the workshop the workers get an opportunity to display the talents they may have in painting and
drop is in the hands of the vice president in charge of the dance, but the full cooperation of the workers is necessary for a successful dance. On the afternoon of the dance the painted tag was carried up and laid on the ballroom floor. It was carefully raised with ropes to prevent the tag strips from tearing apart. When the backdrop was completely up and fastened, the cambric strips were hung at each side and the backdrop was finished. Although these were the necessary details in the construction of the actual backdrop, there were other jobs to be done to make the
dance a success.
Tuition-free war training classes conducted^ by the University will open tomorrow evening at 7 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. Men and women with high school education or equivalent industrial experience are eligible for this instruction in engineering, science and management. Classes will be instructed by members of the University faculty and men from
local industries.
Courses included in this program will cover direct current circuits and machinery, alternating current circuits and machinery, electrical measurements, engineering drawing, fundamentals of engineering drawing, motion and time study, production engineering I, industrial safety engineering, advanced motion and time study, precision measurements in machine industry, engineering materials and processes, production engineering II, elementary production metallurgy, metallurgy of aluminum, engineering physics, applied spectroscopy, general engineering chemistry and applied engineering mathematics. Further information concerning these courses may be obtained through A. C. Lahr, War Training Office, Service and Stores Building,
phone 7311.
All Subscribers
Due to certain unavoidable circumstances, many copies of today’s Exponent may be delivered late. Please bear with the circulation staff until this condi-
tion can be corrected. —Circulation Managers
Menke Leads Scoring/ Und, Bilers Next Accurate Free Throws, Long Shots Spell Defeat For Lambert's Riveters Accuracy from the foul line combined with sharp-shooting long range shots helped the Minnesota Gophers eke opt & victory over the Boilermakers in Minneapolis last night. This was the first Riveter Conference defeat in three starts anti the second Minnesota victory in four games. The Gophers were in command of the lead at the half 10 points, but the second half saw this lead dwindle to tWo - points on no less than five ocWinter Short Course ° Minnesota’s superior tossing 11 I I from the free throw line is the Registrants Hold Initial Meeting Captain A1 Menke helped Registration was held yesterday heroic Boilermaker effort by in Room 207 of Agricultural Hall briHiattt for the 1943 Winter Short Courses basket work stalled the in agriculture. The first meeting of Minnesota fast-breaking attack the group, a general assembly, was throughout the second half. Ed held in the Assembly Room at 3 sank four field goals and two p. m. An incomplete figure showed ^ 10 pbihts. that 36 had registered. Lind Leads Gophers The eight week course, a regular Lind, Gopher center, who was feature of the Agriculture School, shifted to center in order to gain offers courses which fall under the added' height for the Boilermaker general heads of Dairy Manufac- game, led his teammates with a toturing. Dairy Production, General tal of 14 points, scored on four long Agriculture, and Animal Hus- shots from the side of the court and bandry. Each of these general top- on six free throws. 'The Gophers ics is more finely divided into eight were compelled to do all of their or nine sub-divisions, so that the sniping from long range as the registrant has a wide choice of op- Boilermakers’ air-tight defense kept tion. them from scoring any points close One Course Regular University professors p, T!’ and instructors will teach the sub- Fnend scored the first basket ofthe jects. Each student, however, is al- ^-1 margin. Soon Minlowed to choose subjects in but one 8-4 le«^, general course because of schedule relinquish it during the interference. remainder of the contest. Activities Boilermaker Scoring Spree 4.- 4* J 4.1. A scoring spree that netted three Many activities are offered the , , , 4. j 4. T, -j baskets for the Boilermakers in lete' short course students. Besides ,, . ^ ... . J, • . 1 , J 1 .u than two minutes was the start of forming their own club and elect- .114,. . • ... . ,, , 4.1. 1 the second half. A sustamed drive ing their own officers, they also . . ,, , , 1.4. J 1 11. by the Riveters cut down the lead have an orchestra and a glee club. ^ , , , , -ni. TP- iji. 4r -4. 4, M-i.- to two points and soon had the MinThe Fieldhouse offers its facilities , ^ 4. 4.1. 4. J 4. J 4.1 11 nesota fans panicky. The final'gnh to the students, and they annually . , 4.,. 4-, . . . * u ij 1. 1 4,u 11 4- 4. found the Gophers stalling in a sue* hold a basketball tournament. x- i ^ f ± 4. . cessful effort to protect their slim Short course students have their i^^^j own judging contests and medals and trophies are given the winners. ® ummary ^ Total cost of the eight weeks’ MINNESOTA FG FT PF TP course ranges from $85 to $125, de- Windmiller, f 4 14 9 pending upon the course selected. f 4 6 2 14 Students are required to pay a lab- Nelson, c 12 4 4 oratory fee and a medical fee. No Brewster, g 4 12 9 tuition is charged state residents, Exel, g 2 3 3 7 hut non-residents pay $25 tuition. Fuliffson, f 2 3 17 Winter short course will be term- ®PP> S 0 0 0 0 inated March 12. All those students — — — — who have successfully completed Totals 17 15 16 50 their course of study will then be awarded appropriate certificates. PURDUE FG FT PP TP Brower, f 0 4 3 4 Debris Will Hold ES:^:=:::’ i M Callout For Frosh, z ; 5 i Sophs Tomorrow - - - - The |our senior editors of Debris, Score at half: Minnesota, 32» University year book, will hold a Purdue, 22. mass callout for freshman and Officials: Nick Kearns, Park Carsophomore workers tomorrow aft- roll, ernoon in room 363 of the Union. This is the first time that the edi- I iMimfArriflf An torial, business, and photography UlllVvljliy MU staffs have held their callouts toThe editors will fully explain the Students Take First duties and functions of each staff, and the junior editors will be intro- l|. I||y|n!nn PAIllACt duced. The mass callouts will afford Ii1 Jllllyllly wvlllv&l students an opportunity to become better acquainted with the activities Four men from the Univerkjty of the entire staff. placed first in the nation among college teams entered in the students’ r I I/' I ■ American Holstein - Friesian I reOerg, ixemler judging contest at Bi-attleboro, Vt. The team scored 135 out of a po?kI"ite Article points. Members of the winning aggregation were: NorbOrt Dr. E. N. Kemler and C. R. Fre- J. Moeller of Greensburg, a senior, berg are authors of an article, Robert Hattersley of Ft. "Wayne, “Graphical Analysis of Stresses in Wallace Bowen of LaGrange, and Three-Dimensional Loading” pub- Richard Mack of Hillsdale, all lished in the December issue of juniors. The team was coached by “Product Engineering.” Freberg is R. E. Erb of the University’s dairy an instructor and Dr. Kemler is a husbandy department, professor in the School of Me- Hattersley, Bowen, and Mack chanical Engineering. also placed third, fourth, and fifth, respectively, and Moeller placed ” tenth, among the individuals wh<^ All Medical School Applicants Winning the contest necessitated Medical aptitude test, required the picking of the top three of eil^bt for all medical school entrants, animals entered in each class. ThCtfe will be given Friday, January 2, were four different classes. There at 3 p. m. in Dean Enders’ off'iee. were no Indiana cows among them. .411 who take this test must pay a An unusual feature of the condollar fee, and are required to test was the fact that broadside sign up in Dean Enders’ office be- pictures of animals that had been fore the test will be given. This in the show-ring this year we?e will be the only test of this kind used for judging, rather than tlje to be given for a long period, so actual animals themselves. TWa everyone who is required to take novel idea was conceived in order the test should do so Friday. to help conserve gasoline and,,tir«S*/Sajge 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January 19, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Shorts, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Ph9ne Afte^r 10 p m , §377
Editor BnsincsR ManaRcr News Editor MatiaKiiiK Editor Senior Adtertinnir ManaKcr Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Exccntivc
William G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert Wt BosWhtkle Dale E Bntz James G Petty Joseph S Dawson Sally Bcali A Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial StaR ASsoeiato Editors B J Caylor I T Richa dson T L TUton W H Tyson W L Verm hon M L Sm th C C Martin deli B Murphy Coed Staff Pnyllio Mann Martha Leo RiBt,s Carolyn Wilbur Blame Ahrens Sports Staff C Sowards J Ackerman D Shryer E Smith
Busutess Staff Assistant Adiertising Manafter J Kilpi Advertising: Managers J Flexon C Gaunt J McCullough J Tabb Circniation Managers W RecKteni aid and R Kroeplin Accounts Manager Mary Rilts
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Smith Issue Editor Forsythe Day Editor Ford Sports Editor Smith Workers Watson 1 ipes Graham Moore Hahn Richard son Edmondson Sommers Abbett Stephenson
Enters 1 as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March S 1879 and at the special rate of postage j rovided for in section 1108, act of October I 1917 authorired January 20 1928 Published on Tuesday Thursday Friday and Sunday moinings during the yeai Delivered locally by earner for $176 for a aemester or $3 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a semester or $3 60 for two semesteis Represented for national adveitising bv National Advertis mg Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New Tork N Y
Saturday’s Cord Parade .
Shaving Regulations
With senioi day next Saturday with moustaches glowing on seniors’ upper lips, and with fieshmen on the alert, the Senate s lulings foi this semestei on moustaches might well be amplified The most significant pait ot the Senate’s rules IS that theie will be no moustache sha\mg on any pait of the campus Violatois of the luling will appeal for a healing befoie a boaid appointed by the Piesident s office and composed of students and faculty The boaid has the authoiitj to expell the student oi stu dents fiom the Universitj The making of the i ulcs to go\ ci n the shav mg of mou‘'tachcs and the painting of coids IS being left up entiieb to the ind|\idual homes An impoitant faetoi to eonsidei along this line IS foi the houses to decide it both fiist and seennd semestei lieshmen will be eligible to paitieipate m the aflaiis with the semois It might be thought that the Senate, in parsing the lules which bai moustache shav mg on the campus, is easting a full and lace atmospheie ovei the Umveisitv when the ae
qu ViHSlllM^ MERRT-EO-M
By DREW PEARSON
‘Prier^d Says FDR Won't Run Agaifi; Inner Circle Divided; Mdrale High On Captain's Ship
Paul Millei piesident of the Senate, will hold a meeting tomoiiow afternoon in the Senate office in the Union at 4 o’clock The heads of the honoiaiies of the several schools on the campus aie lequested to attend Subject of the meeting will be the possible continuance jof the cold paiade foi this semester at the senioi day basketball game next Satinday night ""The problem of whether the paiade can oi will be a success arises because of several physical factors The bleachers in the Fieldhouse are very close to the playing flooi, making demonstrations similar to the parades at the football games quite impossible Laige floats and constructions of the \ arious schools which aie so much a pait of the coloiful parades in the Stadium will have to be leplaced by, at best, banneis Then, too, since it was impossible to acquiie a separate section for the seniors, the coi ded ones shall be scattered on both sides of the playing floor even consideiing that many of them got then tickets for the game on the same day It would lequne quite an effort at half time to climb down to get in the paiade and then back to then seats again in time foi the second half of the game to begin It is doubtful if many of the seniois would make the effort The lecess of play at the half point of the game would not allow much time for a parade and then is the only logical time to have the parade, because few people come eaily to basketball games If the parade were staged before the game, it would maich befoie empty seats The smoking of big black cigais which has long been a senior tradition will also be banned because of the no smoking i ules in the Fieldhouse Howevei, it may be the present seniors’ duty to continue the tradition Derbies could be thrown up when the fiist Puidue goal is scored, and maj^-be even the coid paiade would work out all light Whatevei is best, it remains the duty of the head of eveiy school’s honorary to have its president, oi at least a lepiesentative at the Senate meeting tomoi low afternoon In the event that too few leplesentatives come to the meeting, the cord parade will be called off, it going the way of mani of the other tiaditions duiing waitime —1 w b
WASHINGTON—Among the Presulent s dose inner circle no one has talked with him about a fourth term with the possible exception of Harry Hopkins, and Hgrry these days moves in such rarefied atmosphere that not even other White House intimates know exactly what he thinks or talks about to the President However, you can’t get away from the fact that some of the President’s friends already are discuss mg a fourth term They are doing it with various degrees of reaction however Some mention it reluctantly, as if they didn’t want it but think it necessary because there is no one else on the Democratic horizon Some few definitely believe the President should jrun, hope he will run, and think he will be elected They, however, are in a minority From one man not as close as Hopkins but who soe^ the President frequently comes this diagnosis “It will take wild hoises to diag the Boss into lun mng for a fourth term But he isn t going to say so fheie is nothing he loves more than to keep people guessing He is going to do just what he did last time—say nothing until the last minute 'However the picture is different from that in 1940 Then, we appicached certain war, with only one man who could lead and unify the countiy m preparation for that wai The nation was torn be tween isolationists and interventionists We could have been disastrously split, the way the Nazis planned Only now do we realize how dangerously we were open to attack That was the primary reason Roosevelt stayed on, to bridge us over the war gap But now that we are in the wai, and on the road to victory, he doesn t feel the same way The issue is not so urgent and he will not run in 1944 ’’ Note This friend omitted one factor from his diag nosis FDR also wants to win the peace after the war To this end some friends think he should make a deal with Willkie or Henry Wallace to let him handle the peace after 1944 while they handle the White House (See MERRY GO ROUND page 1)
Qttttk
By G. B. Wu
The follow lilt, IS a coiitinuati in of the sloiy on Chinese I estivals
Revised ^iculMist Published Fdr RiRd lime Under New Staff
“Just f’emeirrber—when I was your age I wasn’t getting $50 a month—I was working long hard houis in a stuffy dark office foi $4 a week ’’
University Calendar Tuesday, January 19
3 00 P M 6 15 PM 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 PM
Chiistian Foundilion Boaid Pin due Aeionautits Dmnei Uncleigiaduate Dames Open House Piudue Acioniutics Coip Social Science Semihai Cluistim Science A,lph 1 Phi Omeg i Meeting
Room 212, Union Room 334 Union L Recept Room Union E Faculty Lgc Union W Faculty Lgc Union Room 302 Union Room 307 Union
Wednesday, January 20
The Ratio
4 00 P M 0 30 PM
Debus Call Out Boaid of Tuistecs
Room 363 Union Rooms 332 334 Union
3.55 ... to I
Personnel Motes Quiz Colunfin
|6fow that duty lUsh is ovei and people iie speaking to each othei coeds can foi go then nightly lodge meetings and concentiatc on lite dates—and books
Beti Getchel Williams and Pi Phi Patty Moffitt weie joined m matiimony last Fiiday Anothei beau titul fiiendship shot
Joe Neff late Senate piexy came back to the cam pus to give Evelyn Smith his old pm gill the big di imond Joe has given up tiymg to cv ulc the diaft any longei He leaves next week
Latest addition to Hollywood society is Bob ( ulson of the Phi Kappa Sig house Bob attended the icccnt piemici of Hitlci s Childicn in Ciiicinn iti with none othci til in Boita Gi iinille It seems th it Bob once attended a Geiman school similai to the one in the film iiid his old sehoolmastei hid him down foi the occasion
Companies Sciioauled to Visit
Camp IS
Bakehte Coiporition Boui d Biook N J—Januuy 21 Intel Gsted in Apiil and A.i ust CbE ME Sign in Pci onnel Office by 3 00 p 111 Wohiesdiy Jinuaiy 20 IngeisoP Rind to \cw Yoil Cit\—Jipuaiy 28 Inteicsted in „Ap il 111 I All usi ML I L Si 1 m Peisonncl Office 1 y 00 p in Wed nesdac Jainiue (loodveai lac A, Riibbci Com pan 'll ion Ohio—Jiiiuuy 25 aid -O Int 1C ti 1 in Apiil ML C hr Cr IL Sign in Peisoiiiiel Office 1 \ 12 00 noon S ituid i\ J in
11 a y 2
The bells aie iingmg foi me and my gal and foi Kapp i Sig Phil Wolleiy and new Theta pledge Joan lions who aie blissfully lepini ed Ex pinpau Goidy Hoffmin also a Kappa Sig and Pat Nunneley new Kappi pledge aie again going ste icly
Bob Stiaus SAE clashed tinough duiing v le itioii and planted the jeweleiy on Baibaia Buehlei hack home in Evanston Just this Sund ly DU Bob Smitheis Ilia Donna Cuitis lU tiansfei decided to meigc and ti insplant the bias*-
Phillips Petroleum (oinpinv Butlc^c lie Oldahi ii—li teiested in Cher lists GhI ME EL CE Phy leibts wno may bo defeiied tiom militaiy seiviec oi n women with education ti iinin„ lequiied Sign in the Pcisonnel Office by 12 00 noon Satuul ly Jinuaiy 21 P R Mnlloij A Go Ine Indian ipolis Iiidi ina—Inteicsted in ML EE MetF Sign in Pcisonnel Office by Wednescliy Jinuuv 2^
E leh oi the tollowing questions eon eins tne histjiy and develop meiit of the Univeisity See ho\ m uiy you can inswei eoiieetly The nsweis to all questions will be found on page I ® 1 What act at Congicss passed in 1862 piovicled giants ol public laims o ud in the maintenance ot state colleges 2 In what yeu did the Geneial Vs embly of Inch ina finally estxl libh the land ! i ml college of this SI itc ill Lalay cite ’ J Wm w IS the fust i lesicleiit this Lniveisity ^ 1 When did c 1 isses last be in 1 eie ' 5 How 111 ipy students weie en loll cl ill the Iitst class ’ ( How lon^ lad el isses been in session befoie women weie first il lo \ed to ei i oil 7 Whit position did Piesilent I Ihott hall Ictoic hecomii „ ci leetoi at this institution’ b W h it wcie the fiist tliico bull 1 mgs eomplctcd on the eunpus"
The Di igon Boat Festival is eele biated in the hist five days ol the lifth month Childion diess in then best and flock to the Jakes oi iiveis to watch the i icing ot the Dia„or boats llie oiigiii of this festnal goes back to 295 B C when i statesman named Ch mg Yuan is said to have cli owned himself in the iivei Ml lo aftei being falsely le cused by one of the petty piinees of the fetite of piotestin^ against thq eoiiupt conditions of the goy einment He was loved hv the peo pie for his viititte and fidelity and searching parties weie sent out in boats 111 in eiideavoi ta find his body Not being successful they piepaiei iice cake eallecj tsung ’ which ale made of glutinous iice and wrapped in leaves Then they decoiated then boats with flags and with gongs beating they all started fiom a given point each boat stiiv ing to be the fiist to loach the spot wheie the tragedy occuiied Rice cakes were diopped m the watei foi the fish m hopeo that the body of Ch ing Yuan might be spued The Threading of the Necdld occuis on the sevei th day ol the seventh month It is s ud that on this clay two stais lejiescnting a cowhand ind i spinniii-, maid meet in the Silvei Rivei oi the Milky Way This is the Chinese version of the Ameiican Shepherd Serenade Wopien and unman lecl giils in China who dcsiie to become clcvci in needle woil celeli ito this occa
Sion
The Mooiircbtnal oi the Mul Autumn 1 estival is compaied with the Amei lean Hai vest Moon The moon slimes bnghtei ind ippeais a perfect cucle on the fifteenth of the eighth month than it does any othei time dm ing the yeai takes are made in moon si ape in the lorm ol i pa id i a fish a hoise with a ndei and so on Fiiiits and moon cakes aie placed upo i i table on the vei ind li and aie eaten with friends ind lentives in oight ol tie moon A.ttei the toast the tin e i ,,iven ovoi to enjoy nicnt mil tun inking 1 \ w V oi icw u hn the moon Childieii 1 ue woiide till time plavin with then light lantern >1 v u ijii sh pe uid de sciiption Plus festivil IS smiil u to thcHilkwec! oi t ii oiiitiy hut
the Chile e childien
misehiev dus
Have Kite 1 h mg 1 estii 1 Ilyui„ Icstivil Cl the Lin comes < ii the nil tii d i
ninth iioiifh 1(1 it IS e oted to 1 lie liviiv 1 i Ic i H bid to
tlious ui 1 y e IS go 11 I in f hi w lb 1 i^iei u I > t il e Ins 1 1 h ! 1011 11 11 ell a
Ay iicultuiist campus agntul *^111 al publication nude its fiist ap ptaiance fpi the new yeai last vveel The Taiuuuy edition fiist to he published since the new staff was annouitced featuies a eovei pic tuic ot i snow scene on i tyiiical Indiana faim Nino feature stones thice leg ulai columns the editoiial page and 1 double page spread devoted to the new staff make up the bulk of the wntten material Among the fcatuie stones is la collection of excel pts from a speech given by Eiank C Hockema, sistant to the President The speech, entitled Philosophy of Life fOi Stability was given lecenbly at the 1 ill iiutiition b mquet of Alpha Zeta nation il a,, honorary fia teinity Othei leatuieg told of the agncultuial conieicnce yearly var lation ol faim pneeS effect of vVai on the seed supply and various agricultural topics Agriculturist s bt iff Pictured Two pages of the January ecji tioii piesent Lie now cditonal, business xdveitising uid euculatiop staffs Phesc pa, es contain pictures of the new otliccis uid tell a few facts about each of them Chailes Dueslei new editor has stated The eclitonal stylo has diawn many tavoiNffilc comments tiom both students amK^culty^ut one impiovemeiit will bcNwade to attempt to di iw more news of ac tivities on the a^ campus
was kite flying Kites uc made pf piper m the foim ot a bud a bat, a buttcifly a lizaid a fish a centi pecle uid so on with music piovided when strong wind blows against musical chouls ittaehed foi this pm pose Boys and men enjoy this pastime It takes on the loim of a game m which one tries to bung down the othei fellows kite by ciossing the stnngs uid by clevei muieuvenng to siw the opponents stung into The Doulile tenth Day is the tenth d ly ol the tenth month It is the cclebi iticii of i suecessiul levo lution ol tlie Lepublie Paity in ovei throw 11 g the old Chinese Em pile It coinpaies to the Ameiican Ion th ot July
ue nevoi
( Il 1 )l till
Everything for a ( allege Edutation DEAC’S
more thin Iw yvhen i ceil w u tied I y i
taniily to
mimm
TODAY and TOMORROW
eeitain day in oi lei lo escape the e ilani t ovo t 1 ii LI distuet Amoi g iiiun ot hi ileasmes aid cijoyuciits up tie nountiiis
Tbe acclaim of millions mado t4 ONE OF TOE GREAT BOORS OF OUR TIME!
Prof. F.R. Hall
Now the acclaim of new millions IS makinj it msksORE OF
We aic still yyondeiing what AGR Ottie Buigci meant when he mutteied m his sleep the other night ‘ All ucyv pledges at the Alph i Xi house have to tal e the Buigei Test befoie they can be pledged Maybe Ottie s Alpha Xi pin giil Betty Evans knows the answ ci
Even we make mistakes so weie glad to say( now that Pi Phi pledge Susan Mayei did not lake Phi Delt Ralph Baines pm ovei Chiistmss She nliesdy had his pin so he gave hei a iing
Also its nevei too late foi good news, so were glad to lepoit that Pin Gam Toi^i Spitlei and new Theta pledge Loi i Ann Stephenson aie pinned—and have been loi some tune
T he 1 ei sc I n 1 Office h is ml i m i tion lonceininr scholnships uid lellowsl IS it the Ijllo in n sti tutioiis The lames 1 I ineoln Vie Meld mg I oiindation Gleveland Ohu— seholaiship toi eng e in., 11 tic giaduatos The ]\ew York School of Social Work Coluiibid Univf'isity New York—Icllowship loi toieign stu dents ilso woil tii ly telbwship foi giaduite stu louts Cornell Inneisity Ith ic i New \oik—leseaieh issistantships loi men or women w ilh scu nee tlo„iecs National Sand and Gi ivel Asso
of tile Dep iilment c f Hist ii y I eonomics u d Govern nent will be the pe il el Wedi es 1 ly evei mg le foie the le^iilu meeting of the Attica Williamspoit Rotaiy Club The sib)eet of his iddiess will be The Inlein ilion il Sfiuatioi Piof Hall has uldjessetl the club evei il times in the p ist
THE GREAT PiCTURES OF ALL TIME!
ciation Rcscaieh i oundafion Uni V i ily of Maiyland College Paik Mi—fellow sill)) tor seiiiiis giad nates si U Any liiden oi till menib i in toicotel in let Ills si oultl ecne to the I eis ni el Offi e it ci ec
Ted Blank AGR finally pinned his iiuise at Indian ipolis Biothers Harold Clifton and Bill Muleskin nei Davis both of the AGR clan are coopeiating to take caio of the boys in the service and the gals in Shoem ikei House
Get Your Exponent Subscription at the West Desk of Union Anytime!
JUSl PLAIN GOSSIP Although the eniollmeiit w is supposed to have chopped Ray tell us the Blazei is just as crowded as, evei We thought his business would be cut in half when Theta Chi s Shead and Kennc left We appai ently foi got ibout the lest ol the Theta Clii house which is doing its patiiotie duty by helping to pay the nation s beverage tix cveiy night M c lieaid i nasty lumoi about some Pi Phi s cl uie mg until the wee liouis ovei at the Phi Delt house hut we pionused not to repeat it And then there s alw lys a tiiangle This time iL s Kappa Wedge SAL Stoekmeiei ind DU M unei ^ooie
tivities ol the student body now aie eompaied to oui predecessois who indulged in the lugged leereation of tank scraps It uTust be boine in mind, howevet that it it weient lot the Senate’s lules to legulate moustaehe sha\ing, the tiadition would have long ago been piohibited by the Univensitj —1 w b
NOW SHOWING -A SMASH HIT
SES^SATIOM OF SE^SSATIONS* From the book that shocked the world — r
Gregor Ziemer’s "EOUC/4 TION FOR DEA TH'
RED SKELTON
IS
WHISTLING
— Added )oy — Walt Disney Cartoon HOW TO FISH
ADMISSION —
Nights and Sunday Week-Day Matinees Children
35c 25e 10c Plus Tax
IN DIXIE
with Ann RUTHERFORD George BANCROFT Guy KIBDEE • Diana LEWIS Peter WHITNEY Screen Play by Nat Perr Additional Dialogue by Wilkie Mahoney 0 reefed by S Sylvan S Produced^y George Halgl
feiiAIIS
TODAY and TOMORROW/ i .
i
^ <
January 1943
Boilermateer Spirts
MpitlMiiMiii
$Mii^ [5 R^ed FoWh Anmvereary Boilermakers Of Tfie Deditation Of Rivefer FieWhouse Face Hoosiers
' January 16 marked the fourth anniversary of an event that will Iqng be remembered among the ever-growing list of sportipg achievements at Purdue. It was this sai:ije day in 1938
that the Fieldhouse was dedicated.
, lyhile some 10,000, visitors and Boilermaker enthusiasts inspecting the magnificent athletic plant, a dream was being realized by. President El-
Uott, by “Piggy” Lambert, Koble Kizer and “Dutch” Fehring, the athletic coaches at that time, and by the alumni. It, iivas only through their undying efforts that the beautiful and much needed structure could be transformed from the architects
Ohio State Offers Sports Course To PE Freshmen As part of the training of Freshman majors in physical education at Ohio State Univeisity a new course will be started next quarter
drawing board to the ground it now to broaden their undeistanding of
occupies.^
$750,000 Building ..The dedication of the $750,000 sttucture was carefully planned so as to give the visitors an idea of the activities that would be carried on there in the future. There was a full house of events including fencing, wrestling, swjmming, pihg pong, badminton, boxing, squash,
sports not normally found in the school program, Dr. Delbert Oberteuffer, head of the men’s physical education division, announced today. “We are doing this,” Dr. Oberteuffer said, “to improve relationship, with the sport public and as a means to educate our students more completely about the woild of
a^id. even a. h^skfitha|l game with sports.” Discussions, lectures, and 'Wpl^^Syngin in t^^ evening, TJhe bas- uiotion pictures will be employed k^aU team thaj^iniced the Badgeps teaching the course, which will
th%]t njght, included such famous nfif-pes as Xav»ng,_ Sines, Yeager and Ajt^dyrson, ,an^ made the day’s ^festij^itie^ a,complete success by win-
ning, 4Q-34,^ _ _
lf^he ]6;ieljd,h9,a&e isi built on land,don^ted by David-E. ;^oss, ’93, and is ope pf jthq mo§t, complete athletic
be in two spetions.
Some lecturets outside of the physical education- depardment will be employed to teach >cei tain topic?. li'or instance Dr.'Harold Bui-tt will be in charge of the polo class, Pro^. James Hopkins will lecture on fishing, and Professor Geneva
plants in thp country. It is situated Watsoii' will talk on dancing. Dr. in , clo^e prop/^iipity to Ross-Ade Ohentpuffer and Brofessor Richard StadiwiPr.the,baseball diamond, and Larkins will be in charge of the tljp pr^C|tic^e^ football fields. remaining classes which will in3,000 Loeke?s skiing, skating, hockey, ice ’rr., ' ■ . boating, field hockey, hunting. The gyinnasium proper, with its ,i,^,tmg, skeet, mountain climbing, tljree basketball courts, swimming bowling, horseshoes, boating, sailpop , rifle range, mat rooms, and .owing, yachting, lacrosse, athletic offices m npt suipassed for f,„,big, racing-horse, auto, and bicpmpkteness anywhere else in the ^yole; and hosteling. Dr. Glenn rrn Howard, Walter Duffee, and W. P. 3,000, lockers for students, a track Ashbrook will also assist on certain
with eight laps to the mile, badinin- subjects
ton and squash courts, and many other recreational facilities. Al-
though the idea has never been tried, education department a regulation football game could would have its hands full taking pfobably be played, on the tremen- care of all of the male students durdous floor space the Fieldhouse af- regular semesters, but the fords. present athletic plant should more “With the advent of the physical than meet any demands that arc education courses for men, the fa- niade of it. cilities of the Fieldhouse have been This Fieldhouse belongs to the taxed to their full capacity. If it students, and it is to their advantage were not for this fine building the to use whatever it has to offer.
Get Your Exponent SubscripfioBi at the West Desk of Union Anytime!
Away Saturday Making the first 1943 defense of their conference title the Boilermaker wrestling team will meet Indiana University at Bloomington next Saturday. The wrestling Riveters open the season without the services of letterman Matovina who IS out due to illness. Lettermen icturing are Matovina, Paratore, Claseman, Davis, Eviston and Ruggieri. Sixty-five men turned out for the team and elimination matches start today to determine the starters against Indiana next Saturday. Ipdiana presents a tough team having practically all of its last year’s team back in school. Coach Claude Reeck, who is starting his fifth year as wrestling coach, said yesterday that, “We expect to improve more than any other' Big Ten team because we are starting from scratch.”. “Coach,” as he is known to the men op the squad^ expressed optimism on the season’s outlook by predicting a strong team as soon as the team gains experience. There are several freshmen 'who loom as potential varsity material if freshmen are, declared eligible for varsity competition. Outstanding among an outstanding group are the following men: Harold Parsons, Illinois State High School Champ at 121 pounds; R. E. Roberts, 165 pounds; Ernie Natke, 145 pound state high school champ from Illinois; Frank Dunn, 145 pound transfer student from Oklahoma; Donald Davis, 146 pounder from Corydon; Bob Lautenhiser, 121 pounds; N. 0. Gender, heavj'^veight. WAA To Begin Basketball Practices Intramural basketball practices aie now being held every Monday, Wednesday, and Fridhy afternoon from 4 to 5 in the Women’s Gym, according to an announcement by Bea Burgler, WAA basketball head. Coeds interested in the sport should get in the requiied three piactices before the tournament begins February 1 Plans are now being made to have soroiity, hall, and ward leagues to compete in the tournament. A basketball officials’ course is also in pi ogress to enable the new officials to take part m the tourna.nient gamps.
We have a proposition to offer you— We will give you some valudjBib experience in selling advertisements, if you will give lis a little of your time and
energy.
edbojuL it?
Come to the EXPONENT BUSINESS OFFICE ^bujimuLf Sub-Basement of Union
On March 27 Boilermaker sports fans will get an opportunity to witness one of the most colorful and spectacular sporting events in the l>isiory of the University. ... On that date, as most of you already know, Hermon Phillips will present the first Purdue Relay Carnival, which in our opinion, is destined to become the top-ranking indoor track and field meet in the country. ( ► From 20-30 Of The Country's Best This meet—bringing together from 20 to 30 of the strongest tiack teams in the nation in addition to a host of the greatest individual athletes in competition today—will undoubtedly raise the status of Boilermaker track throughout the country and also increase the interest right here at the University. The Relays will be run off very similar to the way in which the Milrose Games, K. C. Meet and NACC games in Madison Square Garden are handled each year. ► Only 5 Have Said No Already about 12 schools have definitely, said they would bring a team. . . . Only five have said no and these few have been because of transportation difficulties. . . . Some 30 of the 60 coaches whom Phillips wrote have not been heard from as yet. We were looking over the letters “Phil” had i-eceived and in each one the coach was whole-heartedly in favor of the Relays. . . . M. E. Easton, coach at Drake and ^onsor of the famous Drake Relays, stated, “You can lest assured that I am with you to the limit on your Purdue Relays.” ► Warmerdam May Be Here Plans are already under way to get Cornelius Warmerdam to appear here. . . . Other equally brilliant record-breakers are being contacted in an effort to add more color to this gala attraction. Later on an election will be held to determine who will reign as queen over the relays. . . . Decoration, program and publicity committees have gone into action already. . . . Plans for a change in seating to give the spectators a better view of what will be going on have been begun. . . . Everything pointing to the greatest show ever staged here at the University. ^ Started Butler Relays Herm Phillips started the Butler Relays in 1932 under almost identical conditions as exist today and made a huge success out of the thing. ► Transportation Big Problem At that time all colleges and universities were being hit hard by the deiiression, so consequently “Phil” had to sponsor the Relays on practically nothing as far as money was concerned. Today he has mainly the transportation problem to contend with. However, a little matter of gas shortage won’t bother Phillips. . . . Everyone in this University can be sure that this master showman and producer will give a performance which has never been equalled here on March 27. . . . Still a little ways off but don’t forget about it. hek Smiley, 19 Year Old lllini Guard, Started On Small Team Jack Smiley, junior guard on the University of Illinois’ Big Ten basketball champions, started his cage career in the eighth grade at Waterman, 111., as a gangling boy with an old pair of pants made from street clothes, oversized basketball shoes, unruly hair, but a fighting heart. Today Jack, only 19 years old, plays in moi’e orthodox garb but he still has the unruly hair and the fighting heart. It took hard work to advance from his inconspicuous start to a berth with the Big Ten champions. That’s the secret of Jack’s success—he woiks haid eveiy minute he’s on the flooi. He’s the unsung woikhorse who scrambles after loose balls, shadows the opponents’ leading scorer, and handles othei seldom publicized duties on the flooi. Smiley concentrated on feeding the ball to teammates during his sophomore season, but has assumed much of the scoimg burden this yeai. His best scoimg eft'ort was 13 points against Northwestern in the Chicago stadium last winter. He scored 70 points in 15 Big Ten games last seasoli. Coach Doug Mills declares, “Smiley is a great competitor, and only the coach and the boys can appreciate the value of a player
like him.”
Jack has developed a one-hand shot all his own. He’s likely to cock his right knee into the air, let fly with it fiom any place oifthe floor, and pull down the rebound himself, it necessaiy. He shoots one-handeis
almost exclusively.
Three of Smiley’s greatest performances have been guaTding Johnny Kotz of Wisconsin, who set an all-time Big Ten season scoimg lecoid last year yith 242 points in
15 conference games
Jack’s success at Illinois has come the hard way. Obscured by the presence of all-staters Andy Phillip, Gene Vance, Ed Parker and Ken Menke, Jack was a reserve on the 1910-11 fieshman team lor almost half the season. By working haul, however, he soon became a legulai and one of the highest scoiers in sciunmages with the
vai sitj
Smiley played a defensive foiward last season, but has been shifted to guaid for the 1942-13 campaign At Walei'inan high school, enlollnient 9G, Jack became one of the state’s outstanding centeis, leading his school to state-wide recognition and amassing' some 450 points during his senioi yeai. Jack excels in eveiy sport he has tiled. He pitched two no-hit baseball games, held the Waterman team lecoid for home runs, and stole home twice wffiile pitchers held the ball. Ho won freshman numerals 111 baseball and has been one ol the
Conference SHUri^fFl^ Place Ri^ef4rs Tliffd By Sheldon Watson , Although the Big Ten standings are still in their the race for the coveted Conference championship is developing into a knock-down-drag-out affair. Last many important tilts were played on the various Big )!l^ courts. This summary of the standings was revolving the presses before the outcome of these frays was knowifg so the picture includes only ^'ae
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Tuesday, Jan.'19
Court 1—Jean Whitlock
7:00
7:15
7:15
8:10 8:25
games up to last week end- - Our Boilermakers met the sixth place Gophers of Miirtiesota last night in one of the
, , . ., , outstanding tilts on the Con.-\ Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Terence schedule. lUinois, after psi on 1. dropping the Iowa Hawkeyes la^
Saturday night, 61-41, took on.tke lowans in their second straigiit meeting last night. In the third little last night the Chicago Maroo&s played the Ohio State fiuckeyd^dt Columbus. Both Chicago, and Cffifo State were seeking theil'; firstTen victory this season. Over/^n accumulation of a few years, Chicago was seeking its first yietep:^; m 34 Conference starts. ‘j" ^
Epsilon. 8:10 Phi Delta Theta Kappa Tau. 8:25 Kappa Sigma vs. Acacia. Court 2—George Emerson
7:00
Phi
Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta
Chi.
Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Gamma
Delta.
Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Pi.
Pi Kappa Phi vs. Alpha Tau i^drana^Ourin FroTt
Omega.'
Court 3—Paul Johnson Navy vs. Delta Chi. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Theta Tau vs. Theta Xi. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma
Alpha Mu.
Court 4—Pilarski-Rudasies 7:00 Phi Kappa vs. Triangle. 7:15 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta
Upsilon.
7:00 7:15
8:10 8:25
As far as the actual standings gq, the high-flying arch rival t» the south of us, Indiana, is leading the pack with three wins and no losses. In total figures, the Hoosiers have won 10 and lost none. This is ..a warning for the Boilermakers when the two quintets meet in the near future. Indiana gained its upper berth in the Big Ten standing by defeating Ohio State twice and by
o T.I.- Cl trouncing Chicago once. In their 8:10 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Beta Conference games, the Hooigma si. accumulated a total of Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma their opponents’ 59.
Tied with Indiana for the pole potion, is last year’s Big Ten champions, Illinois. The lllini lads also ^ have three -wins and no losses to their credit. Coach Doug Mills has
8:25
BASKETBALL
Wednesday, Jan. 20 Court 3—Morton Marks 7:00 Ward 27 vs. Ag. Chem. 7:15 Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 8:10 Ward lA vs. Ward 3. Court 4—Burghardt-Migni 7:00 Ward 13 vs. Ward 22. 7:15 Ward 6 vs. Ward 25. 8:10 Ward 11 vs. Ward 21.
The following fraternities will lepoit for Squash practice: Tuesday, January 19
Court 1
Alpha Kappa Lambda. Delta Chi. Phi Kappa Psi.
Boxers Await Opening Bouts With Valparaiso With the bell scheduled to ring for the opening round of the season against Valparaiso University in thiee weeks, the Boileimakei boxeis aie rapidly getting into condition under the direction of Coach Jim Beeis. Beeis IS working under the assumption that the only way to make good boxers is to stait them with a good foundation. Consequently, up until this time he has been drilling his charges on stiaight punches and jabs. In lecciit meetings he has had his boxers woikmg on hooks and clinching. Beeis feels that it his boxeis follow the lundamentals that they have been woiking on they will encounter little difficulty in the opponents they meet this
season
W. L. Heiion, a 160 poundei, has demonstrated a good left lead and a stiaight light. A. G, Spriggs, a fast 145 poundei, has pi obably showed the most improvement of all the men out for the team. Another man in the 145 pound class who has demonstrated some fine ability IS southpaw Paul Moll. Heavyweight Jim McMillen is a hard puiichei who has the ability to mix with any competition. R. W. Stele, a tough lad fiom St. Louis, IS the outstanding coinpetitioi in the 175 division. He puts his head down and chaiges in much in the style of Two-Ton Tony Galento. In the lighter divisions C D Saban, 125, and E. W. RufT, 135. have been showing up ccell. Ted Ouens, a 155 pounder, has displayed some outstanding ability, lie IS a mcnihei of the Naval Training School. Jack Biehle has also ..been showing some powei in lecont
ch ills.
leading hitteis in University intianiural soithall elides foi thiee yeai s Smiley’s chceiful disposition has won liini the nickname, “Smiles.” His loal name is Aithiii John. Jack and Capt. Ait Mathisen are memheis of Sigma Alpha Epsilon social hateinity and aie usually looiiimates on trips. Smiley is a member of Sachem, men’s junior activity honoiary, and IS a gooil student in the sehonl of physical education.
6:45 7:30 8:15
Court 2
6:45 7:30 8:15
Court 3
6:45 7:30 8:15
Acacia. Phi Delta Theta. Phi Kappa Tau.
Alpha Tau Omega.
Phi Kappa.
Phi Sigma Kappa.
Wednesday, January 20
Court 1
Pi Kappa Alpha. Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi.
0:45 7:30 8:15
Court 2
6:45 7:30 8:15
Couit 3
6:46 7:30 8:15
Sigma Phi Epsilon. Alpha Gamma Rho. Alpha Sigma Phi. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Theta Xi. Alpha Chi Rho.
Fraternity Ping-Pong singles will begin Thuisday, Januaiy 21, at 4:00. This will be single elimination. It is possible for one of the two men competing m the double to play in tlie singles Watch the Exponent tor schedule. Seven Veterans Balance Iowa's Swimming Team Iowa City, Jan. 18—Seven major lettci men, at least one lor eveiy event except diving, will be the balance wheels of the University of Iowa’s swimming team this season. With the opening meet with Wisconsin only two weeks distant-
pulled his squad of hardwood veterans through victories over Michigan, Wisconsin and Iowa. In tfee three Big Ten tilts, the lllini have rung up 160 markers to their ■victims’ 115, which falls a little short of the Indiana record.
Riveters Third
Next in line comes the mighty Boilermakers, under the guidance of the dean of Big Ten basketball, Coach “Piggy” Lambert. The Gold and Black ball handlers have won two and lost none in the Conference race. Their victories were over the down-trodden Chicago Maroons aiid the bewildered Gophei's of Minnesota. According to some of the nation’s sports writers, the victory over Minnesota was somewhat of a sui'prise. Other papers stated thht the superior ball-handling of the Boilermakers spelled defeat for.the Gophers. “Piggy’s” boys have made a total of 108 points in their two games, while the opponents were turning the scoreboard to the tune
of 68 points.
In fourth place in the Big Ten standings are the Wisconsin Badgers. The Badgers have won tifeo and lost two for an even 500 per cent. They have slightly outseored their opposition by a margin of 196-189. Fifth in line is Northwestern with one victory and one loss. Next comes Iowa, Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio State, and last but not least comes Chicago in their usual cellar position. If the Big Ten race follows its annual tendencies, the standings at this time will undergo a complete alteration before the firing IS over. In past years, teams have come from the bottom to the top and the leaders have tumbled from top rung to the basement berth. In other words, anything can
happen m the Big Ten"?®
In the Conference individual scoring column, Andy Phillips, veteran Illinois forward, holds the top post. He staited tlie season with 19 points against Michigan, dropped in 24 maikei's in the Wisconsin fi'ay_a3Sd added 23 against Iowa. This gives Mr. Phillips a neat total of 66 points.
here Jan. 30—Coach David Arm-
bruster Thuisday summarized the Neaiest threat to Phillips is To^
piospects foi his twentv-eighth
yeai of caching ' Hawkeye forward has rung’the
‘ “We won’t be as foimidable as bell for 48 points,
in lecent yeais. But the senior veterans and sophomoies may showunexpected stiength as the season progi esses,” the coach said.
Sprint Vets Return
He thinks highly ol his spiint squad, headed by Captain Clyde Kemnitz of Chicago, 111., who was thud ill the Big Ten 50 and fifth lu
FAO AnnduH^ Chess Tourhey The second annual Interfraternity Chess Totunament, sponsored by the Fiaternity Affairs Office,
the 100 last season. Vito Lopiii of will begin next Friday. The first
one, held last year, was very suc-
cessful and it IS hoped that this one may attract as much- interfest. All houses which have not, already submitted a"^ list of teanr members should leave one at the FAO office, room 328 of the UittiQU today or tomoirotv. .\ll entries
tomoiTow
Rockfoid, 111., IS another speedy man, while the third veteiaii is Clarence Mooie of Clinton, now shiftoil lioiii the distance e\enls
to the splints.
Kemnitz was second Iowa high seoiei last yeai and with Lopm was a mcmbei of the Hawkeye lOO-yaid
lolay team which placed touith in should be in by 5 p. in. the national collegiate title event, at the latest.
Bob Beckei of jriiijton is a senior Each team pai ticipatmg in 1;he hack-stiokei who was third among contest will consist of three plftylowa scoiers m 1912, and Nick eis plus one alternate. A Kaiaffa of Tienton, N. J , heads the will be decided by tv’o oRt of three bicast-stioke group. Distance vet- games won, each man playing qf* eians aie Dale Lounsbury of Oska- game. The tournament will be co»loosa and Jim Fones-t of Kansas ducted on a single elimination btvsis. City, Mo. one loss eliminating- a team.•'l i ^ 5 -f'' 4 ’•t , r. ' 5, . ' 1 Jf ■*• * . t , *V' !,
1^4’
»
Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, January, 19, 1943
•f I University Graduates 57 Men, Women Army
Signal Corps Trainees
Fifty-seven men and women recfewtly received certificates for completingc traininp: classes offei'ed in Lafayette by the University. There were three separate classes in the following subjects: under-engineer- ^ - uig for the Army Signal Corps, in- / dustrial analytical chemistry, and precision measurements. Many of the graduates are from Lafayette while the remainder are from both Indiana and Ohio. The under-engineering course for the signal corps was taught over a twenty-four week period in which mathematics, electrical and radio engineering, drawing, shop practice and applied mechanics were studied. Thirty - nine graduated in this group. Skill Emphasized The class in industrial analytical chemistry covered the industrial application of qualitative and quantitative analysis. The emphasis was placed on skill in analytical operations. The group that studied precision measurements learned the operation of measuring instruments used in modern production operations. These couises were under the sponsorship of the United States Office of Education and were offered tuition-free in order to give the industiial background necessary for efficient production of war materials.
Government To Offer
Engineering Courses For Civil Service Jobs
College-trained persons, especially women, are sought for on-the-job training in engineering in the Federal service, the U. S. Civil Service Commission announces. Graduates and senior students majoring in any field are urged to make themselves available for engineeiing studies which may lead to an attractive career. Positions are those of a junior engineer, for which the entrance salary is $2,000 a yeai, not including payment for oveitime, which undei certain conditions may amount to as iPueh as 20 per cent of the yearly salary. Persons without pi evious training in engineering may take a specially planned war trainingcourse covering the fundamentals of such work in a Federal agency. Seniors May Apply ^ Applications may be made to the U. S. Civil Service Commission by graduates oi senior students in any field, provided they enioll in the special ESMWT course. Engineering, Science and Management War Training couises are tuition-free, and are sponsoi ed by the U. S. Office of Education. Engineering seniors or graduates may qualify without further training, as may graduates or senior students in astronomy, chemistry, physics, geology, math and engineering sciences who can show six semester hours in strictly engineering subjects. In lieu of six semestei hours in engineeiing, the completion of any ESMWT cour.^e in engineering will be accepted. Draftsmen Wanted In addition to engineer positions, the Commission also announces modified requirements for engineering draftsmen positions, and for the ,higher grades of engineeiing. New people aie urgently needed in this field of the Civil ,Seivice and the opportunity I or advancement is good, depending upon the abilities of the individual.
Prof. H. f. O'Shea
Sports Shorts
his silver Army Air Foi’ce wings and a commi.ssion as second lieutenant. Thomas is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Walter V. Thoma^and while in the University was active in the glee club and dramatics.
Ensign Caswell Mayo
. . . ’40, son of Mr. and Mrs. Caswell Mayo of Baldwin, N. Y., has been reported missing in action. Caswell received his commission as Ensign in the U. S. N. R. in November, 1940. He was assigned to the Asiatic Fleet stationed at Cavite, Philippine Islands. Later he was assigned to the cruiser Houston and served on it from 1940 until its fatal termination during the battle of the Java Sea, at which time he was reported missing. Ensign Mayo attended the University for two years and also Penn State.
^u, . Jack H. Jackie . . . former Evansville College and University student, was recently commissioned a second lieutenant in the Army Air Force as a fighter pilot. He is the son of Mrs. Madaline V. Curry, and his father was a member of the A.E.F. in the last war.
Notices
Omicron Nu: MeeUtiK Tueaday, January 19, at 4:30 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. i —BEALL
No Notices will he accepted for this column after 6 p. m. on the day preceding the issue.
XJnderirraduntc Dames: Arc havinj? open house tonipcht at 7 :80 in the East Reception Room. AH wives of undergraduate students arc invited. —MacDONALD
Foresters: There will be a meeting Wt*dnesday, Jan. 20, at 7:30 p. m. in the Horticulture Buildinic Auditorium. Mr. Freda/ic of "the staff will speak on Wildlife. Eats I No ration card necessary. Be ih^c 1 ‘ -SUDDARTH
Enfirlisli and Speech Exams: Make-up exams for students with conditions in Enprlish and» Speech will be held on Saturday aftompon, Jan. 30, at 1 o’clock in Room 20-1, Univewity Hall. Removal-of-condition cards should be obtained by Friday prcccdinK the cxamina-' tion from the Engrlish office, 108 University Hall. —CREEK
Badminton Callouts: Tuesday, January 10, at <1 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —RULE
Plnyshop: Anyone inlerosteS in wo^ini? on a crow for "Eve of St. Mark” be EoWler Hall today at 4 p. m. —SQUILR
All Coeds: Interested in pin»r ponp: and shuffleboard aie invited to WAA callout Tuesday, Jan. 19, at 4 in the Gvm. fi —WATER13URY
Silver Mask: Mwtinjr Wednesday, January 20, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Everybody bo there. It is important. —KAUFMAN
Robert W. Huse . . . who attended the Univci-.sity and was active in football and swimming, recently received his silver wings and second lieutenant’s commission in the Army Air Force.
Lieut. Floyd E. Thomas
, former University student, ha.s recently received
Ralph W. Thornburg . . . received his silver wings of the Army Air Force and commission as a second lieutenant when he graduated recently from Spence Field, Moultrie, Ga. Lieut. Thornburg attended the Univei’sity.
University Will Offer Merry-Go-Round Wiley, Ellis, Rutledge
Agricultural 'A'Award For Indiana Farmers
(Continued from page 2)
Capitol Chaff
Indiana’s faim neighborhoods that produce food and war crops to the maximum will have an opportunity to qualify for the University’s “Agricultural ‘A’ Award’’, which is comparable to the “ArmyNavy ‘E’ Award” for industrj'-. This announcement was made Saturday by Associate Directoi L. E. Hoffman of the Univer.slty Agricultural E.xtension Seivice. Rather than honor indidivual farmers for outstanding food production, the new program piovides foi the bestowing of public recognition upon all farmers within a neighborhood unit, providing that the neighboihood as a whole ranks high. Thus, each farm family in any winning neighborhood would receive the attractive certificate of an “Ag-iic-ultuial ‘A’,” duly signed by the ])crson charged v ith the responsibilitj' of assisting fanners to get maximum lesults. . Faces Maximum Food Produmion “For 1943 aiul succeeding ycar.s, agiiculture is faced v ith the respon.sibility of pioducing food to its maximum ea]mcity,” declared Director Hoffman. “This responsibility will extend not only for the duration of the fighting, hut into the post war years as well. This means that agiiculture’s high production program will extend lor several years,” commented Hoffman. The purpose of the awaid progiain, it vas said, is to inciease aglicultuial jiroduction, liy sliimilating the competitive and patriotic desire for highest possible ]iroduction; by piomoting- a co-operative attitude among neighbors, theieby making for satisfactory exchanges of labor and machinciy, and as far as possible, through co-operative work, to got farmers of a neighborhood, which is a natuial faim social and economic lesideiitial unit, to improve his own efficiency. All Maj Enroll For Award It is propo.sed to cairy out this lecogmtion program thiough the couiitiy agricultuial extension offices and the new voluntary farm leader sy.slem. It is expected that all of the neaily 18,000 Indiana farm neighborhoods iii the 92 counties of the state will be offered the oppoi - tuiiity of ciiiolling for the award; however, the honor would be bestoved only upon the top lankiiig 2.5 per cent of the competing neighborhoods.
The Army has found a new type of work for defeated Congiessnieii — semi-diplomatic jobs in North Africa. . . . Ex-Congressman Wilburn Cartv'right, Democrat, Oklahoma, has just been commissioned a major, and is taking a course in military government at Chailottesville, Va., to become a military governor m North Afiica. . . . Likewise ex-Coiig'ressman Charles Faddis, Democrat of Pennsylvania, a leserve officer, is"" on the stall' of Gon. Eisenhower. He is handling liaison work among the Arabs and the French. . . . The Army finds that men with Congressional experience
Will Attend Meeting
lia^e a knack for getting along with lieoplo and do well in these jobs.
Quiz Answers
... of the Univei.sity faculty spoke before a combined meeting of the Chicago Psychologist, the Illinois Society foi Ap])lied Psychology, and the Chicago Society for the Study of Pei.sonality, last Fi iday night. Her talk dealt with the problem oi setting iqi a state piograni for the caie of ehildien whoso mothers woik in war iiidusti les.
Mon ill Act. 1809. Di. Richard Owen. Sept., 1871. l.i. One yeai. Chancellor ol the Uiiivcisily oj Montana. Ladies’ Hall, Pin due Hall, and the Pliarmacy building.
. . . When Leon Henderson leaves his job as ])i‘'ice czai, he will lake a rest ti ip to Latin America. “How far I go will depend on how much it costs,” he says. “I’ll be a private citizen with no income, and aii plane travel costs money.” . . . Henderson, who had nothing but his government salary, could make a small fortune at lobbying or lectuiing, bin won’t. . . . Manpowei Boss McNutt is gieasing the skids for another mihtaiy man, Bug. Gen. William Rose, ill chaige of the manning tables of the Labor Utilization Buleau. This is an important job— rating woikcis and jobs on their value to the war. Rose vill l)o leplaced bj a civilian. Gen McSheriy lias alieady exited and McNutt i.s anxious to lun the Manpower Boaid chiefly with civilians. • Sign Language Big Bill Kiuulsen did something the otliei day which amazed even his friends. They had not suspected that he could talk iii deaf-mute language. Lieut. Gen. Kiuulsen was insiiectnig war plants, accompanied by othei Aimy officcis. He dropped in at the Reynoldti Metal Co., Louisville, Ky., where appioximately 25 peiccnt of the employees aie deal'mutes. By shifting the lunch jiciiod, the management gathcied all the workeis to hear a talk trom Knudsen. The foreman told him about the deaf-mutes, adding as a jest, “You’d better talk to them m sign language.” But it was no jest to Knudsen. To the amazement of the foreman and the Army officeis, he broke into the sign language and earned on a discourse with his hands. The officers gasped, then applauded. Later, individual woikeis were brought iqi to meet Knudsen, and he stood aioiind talking with them 111 the sign language. Note; By finding war work for these handicapped w'orkeis, Rcynnlds Metal Co. has inci eased then earnings fiom $17 a week to $ 10plus. o Race Relations Wai Shipjnng Administi ati on has made an nisijlle rcqiorl on racial good-will aboaid the SS Booker T. Washington, w'heie tioublc wa.s. expected because of a mixture of
Professors 'R. B. Wiley, C. Ai Ellis and P. C. Rutledge of the Civil Engineering School will attend the annual meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers in New Yoik City tomorrow and Thursday. Professor Wiloy as National Director of the Society will participate in the board meeting which precedes the opening of the convention. On Thursday Professor Rutledge, who is chairman of the Committee on Sampling and Testing of Soils, will present a paper on “Testing Methods foi Prediction of Bearing Values” before a meefing of the Soil Mechanics and Foundations Division. Professor Ellis, a member of the Executive Committee of the Structural Division, will preside at a structural session on
the same day.
I aces uiiclei colored Capt. Hugh Mulzac. But -when the ship completed her first run, with a checkeiboaid crew' and colored officers, the War Shipping Administration lepoitb that it could find nothing liut fiieiidly cooperation aboaid. In addition to Capt. Mulzac, the second and thiid officers, the chief engineer and two assistants were Negroes. Othei officers weie whites, and the cicw' w'as a mixtuio of while and colored. The Bookci T. Washington sailed fiom San Pedro, went thiough the Canal, and landed in New Yoik. Inspectois found the vessel shipshape, and when they questioned the ejew, only four men wanted to quit the ship, as against normal defections of half the ci ew. Reason for the good-will, according to the Wai Shipping Adniinistiation, was that, alter the ship got to sea, Capt. Mulzac invited all men from the deck department to take instiuctioii 111 navigation every afteiiiooii in their spare time, to prepare themselves for examinations and piomotions. Chief Engineer living Smith, also colored, likewise offered ciiginecring instruction. Morale was so high at the end of the voyage that the men invested extia pay in w’ar bonds, donated a pint of blood each for blood banks, and chipped in to buy Capt. Mulzac a gold watch. Note: Bcfoie the ship sailed from San Pedro, Luckeiibach Steamship Co. had ivitbdrawii two white officcis in favor of colored officeis. Whereupon the union (Masters, Mates and Pilots, West Coast No. 90) said, “Fair employment is OK, liut why discriminate against white men'!” (Copyiight, 194:1, liy United Fcatuie Syndicate, Inc.)
First gi'oii)) of 1,000 enli.sted members of the WAVES will be ti allied at the University of Wiscon.siii, Indiana University and Oklahoma Agricultuial and Mechanical college.
Keep Your Appearance Up Without Letting Your Country
Tom Chapman’s biokcn nose is the second facial nijuiy suficicd by an Iowa bas'kothall .stai in sucies.sive yeais . . . last season Vic Siegel tiaclui'cd a cheekbone and had to. play in seveial games willi a sjieciai protective mask. . . , Chapman also will wear a ma.sk in the games - both players weie injuied m siiiininage.
Down!
(JroMii cleaiiiiijj; will uol only improve your Personal Appearanee, but will [ireserve ihe iabrie, loo.
You serve when you conserve. Clean clothes last longer.
Dave Aimbiuslei will send an Iowa .swimming team into action for the 28tli time when liis 194,j Hawkeyes ojien against Wisconsin hei'e Jan. .30. Aimbiustei is the ^enioi Iowa coach in jionit of sci vire ,
Grown Laundry
FINE DR Y CLEAN ESC
Students: Who would like part time work Khoulcl get in touch 'with the Dean of Men’s OfTice. —GOLDSMITH
Intcrfraternity Presidents Council: Members may get their council keys at the Fraternity Affairs OfTice. —MORGAN
Gold Peppers: Passports are in AWS box at West Dcbk of the Union. —MacDONALD
YWCA Cabinet; Important meeting Tuo.s<luy, Jan. 19, at 7:30 p. m. in the office. Be there. --PACKARD
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting Wednesday, Jan. 20, in the Union. There will be a discuasion of pledging and pledge activities, and program for this semester. Pledging must be done .soon, the aooner the better. Come around and help out. —HECKARD
Ag Chems: Meeting Thursday night at 7 :30 p. m. in Ag Chem building, loom 100. Important that all attend. —LUNDUERG
Classified Ads
Christian Science Organi/alion: The regular meeting and business meeting will be held Tuesday, .Jan. 19, at 7:30 i>. m., in room 302 of the Union. - SOMMER
Money to loan on diamonds, walchea, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Ofiicc, 407 CoJiimhia.
All Male Students: All scouts and former scouters arc invited to attend an open meeting of Alpha Phi Omega on Tuesday, Jan, 19. at 7 :30 in room 263 of the Union. Please be prompt. Prof. Robert Phillips will speak, hia topic is "I Am An American”, —GOSSWEIN
AWS Executive Board: Meeting Thur.sdav, January 21, at 4 p. m. in the AWS office. CORNTHWAITK
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C, J. Ebersholf, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
WAA Council; Meeting Thursday. January 21. at 7:15 p m. --HENNIS
Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent. Call Exponent. Ask for Rccktcnwald.
Union Board: Board meeting Tiiesdav, Jan. 19. at 7 :30 p. m — HILLER
Host—Blue iiencil case with pencils and Sheaffer. Jr, pen If found, please return to Union Cakteiia Oifice. Dale Ray.
Freshman Engineers; Last term’s Surveying problems and note books may be obtained in room 102, CE building. Call for ihem befoie Monday, January 25. - LOMMEL
Ag Ed Society: The Hort Club has invited the society to meet with them Wednesday night, Jan. 20, in the Hort Building at 7 :30. Refreshments are to be served. Ali members are urged to attend. —DALZELL
Wanted—Pin due students for waiters. Experience not necessary. Good pay. Short hours. Apply to Frank Lonihan, Elks Club*
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting on Tuesday. Jan. 19, at 4:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Election of officers. —BOSMA
Cheerleaders: Practice every night this week at 4 pm. at the Fitldhouse. - SCHWAB
Host—One fountain pen. near Fieldhouac# Phone 6291. Bill Gandy.
Bulova watch lost in Union, January 15, loon Call 71702. Reward.
Triton Club: There will be an open meeting Tuesdav, Jan 19, at 7 :15 p. m. in Memorial Gym. AH those interistcd in swimming aie invited. —BROWNE
WORLD PREMIERE SHOWING
ASME: First meeting. Movie .showing latest developments in die casting wdll bo featured Wedpesdav, Jan. 20, at 7:30 p. m. —BADGER
Catalyst Members: Compulsorv meeting Wodiusclay, Jan. 20, in Room 111, C. & M.^ building, tor election of pledges. BADGER
Examinations for the Removal of Conditions in Mathematics: Will be given Saturday. Jan. 23, at 1:30 p. m. in the Recitation Building. This is the only date during tbis tei m on which such examination.s will be given. Permits should be obtainod at the office of the Department of Mathematics not later than January 20. —AYRES
Expo Callouts
(Continued from page 1) tivilies, convocations, dances and banquets. There is ample opportunity for the moic literary minded students who wish to write featurized articles that catch the Intel est and attention of the readers. Equal Opportunity All of the students who attend the call-out will have an equal chance to gain a po.sition as a junior or senior editor, since the apportionment of jobs to eds and coeds is on the basi.s of the quality and quantity of work done during the freshman and sophomore yeais on the paper. The students who start to W'ork as freshmen gain the benefit of a yeai’s exjieiience in writing' for the Exponent w'hich those who start as sophomores w'ill lie unable to obtain.
The New Main Theatre joins in a great 50 city World Fremiere showing qf “iHitler’.s Children,” Thursdaj night at 9:00 1\ M. The picture, based^on the sensational best seller “Education For Death,” by Gregor Ziemer, fea'lures Tim Holt, Bonita Graniille, H. B. Warner and Otto Kruger. This film will also be shoun al midnite shows Thursday, Friday and Saturday nigfits.
3
I