'. * '•;f^S'*'•■M:
f*
U' p.» 'I
) ii I ' y ii f ‘n i f
^ MAKE EVERY PAY DAY ^ BOND DAY JOIN THE PAY-ROLL SAVINGS PLAN
Established 1889
^c/nxmeM ^ Daily Since 1906
iiiffiflifanffs;;
FOR VICTORY Buy UNITED miES DEFINSE BONDS • STAMPS
Vdlume 53, Nq. 132
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, March 3, 1942
McNair To Command Army Ground Forces C ..I i i- I - PA ^Ex ROTC Head Receives bcuttle Michigan 52-41 Po^t under New Set-Up
Cary Hall Will Hold Annual Formal Dance Next Friday Bob Strong To Play For Hall Men In Both Union Ballrooms Friday of this woek, Cary Club will present its annual Formal dance from 8:;t() to 11 ::50 in both ballrooms of the Union, it was announced yesterday by Bill Farber, president of Cary Club. Music with a “Stronj^” appeal will be furnished by Bob StronLT and his orchestra. / A formal dinner for Hall men and their dates will be held in the halls at and the dance will last from until 11:30. According to ruling by —— ——
the Student Senate, corsages
will not be worn.
The Strong orchestra is featured on two commercial radio programs, “Uncle Walter’s Doghouse,” and “College Humor,” besides having played at the Sherman Hotel, Villa Modcrne, Blackhawk Restaurant, the Edgewater Beach Hotel, and the Aragon and Trianon Ballrooms in Chicago. Featured with Bob Strong’s organization, i.s pretty Mary Anri Mercer, popular blpcs singer, and Sonny Seivert, who doubles on the trumpet and helps with the arranging, handles -nfrorc of the blues and a
little boogie-woogie.
Other entertainment is i'urnislied by “The Wrecking Crew,” a small swing' band-within-a-band, hnd the “Four Strong Men,” luumonizing. Organized originally as a radio band, Bob Strong established a trend towai'd versatility in his aggregation. Bob himself plays six instruments—the piano, violin, saxophone, oboe, English horn, and clarinet. Together, he and his band are capable of playing twenty-six dif-
ferent instruments.
Bob arranges most of the music for the band by himself, and also has composed several songs, namely: “Riff-RaiT,” “Fluid Drive,” “That’s All Brother,” and “Supper
Dance in Samoa.”
H. J. Judkins To Address Dairy Students In Union This Afternoon At 3 P.M.
H. F, Judkins, president of the American Dairy Science Association and vice president of the Sealtest Corporation, will speak to dairy students this afternoon, March 3, in room 3.515 of the Union. The subject of his speech will be "The Role of the College Graduate in the Dairy Industiy.” A luncheon will be given for Judkins at 11:45 a.m, in the Chestnut Room of the Union, Persons desiiing to attend either of these functions arc icquested to get in touch with some member of the dairy stall', The.se meetings should pi'ove of interest to dairy students as Juilkins is an outstanding man in the dairy industry and has placed many gi'aduate dairy students in the industry. Judkins is a graduate ol' Iowa State College and I'oimer head of the dairy school at Massachusetts College of Agricullure. Silver Mask Offers Fencing Instruction Silver Mask, honorary fencing fraternity, is giving fencing instruction to all interested men students every afternoon from 4 to (i on the third floor of the Fieldhouse. After four or five weeks’ instiuetion, a tournament will be held for all beginners. Medals will be awaidcd to those who win the first three
places.
Any men who aie interested in learning to fence are urged to enter the class. Fencing equipment will be furnished by the club.
Council To Present Livingston Quartet At Sunday Concert Featured in the second program of the Student War Council’s new Sunday* concert senes to be presented next Sunday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Music Hall, will be “The Livingston Quartet.” The concert is open to the general public a.s well as to the student body, and* no convocation tickets or pa.ssports will be loqiiii'ed for'admis.sion. “Th(‘ Livingston Quartet,” while new in collegiate concert circles, has sung before many women’s clubs and civic organizations of the Middle West. Rccentlj' the members of the quai tet appeared a.s guest artists on a program with Edgar Bergen and Chailic McCarthy. The program to be presented will range fiom classics to present day popular songs, but emphasis will bo placed on well-known compositions. Military Department To Hold Gun Squad Competition Today Howitzer Squad Competition will he held in the Armory this evening at 7:30 p. m,, for the second time this year. The competition, heretofore hold yearly, is being held twice this year hoeause of increased interest. The first com))otilion was held ill December. The competition tonight culminates six wet'ks of intensive training after hours on the part of the comiietitors, and offers the public an opiiortunity to witness tlu' squads iii action. 3’cii squads will compete, ouch consisting of ten soiiliomorcs trained by two juniors. The rajings in the competition will be based on msiiecLion of the squad, knowledge of the howitzeis, and pcrfnrnianco
in gun drill.
Bleachers will lie installed in the Armory, and military oHicial.s announeed that c'veryoru' is inviteil to
attend.
Lawshe Addresses Meeting At Princeton Dr. C. H. Lawshe, guest professor of trade and industrial education, spoke last evening at Prince-
Second-Half Offensive Overcomes Early Lag ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 2.— (Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Turning on a blaze of offensive power late in the second half to overcome an 11-point deficit, Piggy Lambert’s Boilermaker not aces swept to a 52-dl victory over Michigan’s
basketball squad here tonight.
liCd by forward Frosty Sprowl, back up to scoring par with 14 points, the Gold and Black clinched a third-place tie in the Western Conference hardwood race, holding the Wolverines to five points as it iiiled up 27 in an amazing barrage of bas- ——~———-—™ kets. Jim Mandler, lanky
Young Will Address Annual Coi^ference Of Florists In Union
Closely following President Roosevelt's shakeup of Array organization yesterday, it was announced last night that Major General Lesley J. McNair had been made commander of the United States Army Ground Forces. The former Commandant of the University ROTC was appointed to head one of the three major divisions of the Army set up under the President’s new order. Transferred to McNair will be all the functions, duties and powers of the present chiefs of the infantry, cavalry and field artillery, except those relating
Michigan center, luiced the losers with , 14 points, tieing
Sprowl for scoring honors. Michigan Steps Ahead Bill Cartmill, Wolverine for-
ward, and Don Holman, guard, pressed the hosts out to a 4-0 lead in Um first minule of play, and
to procurement, storage, and
issue.
Former PMS&T
General McNair served as Commanclt of the ROTC Corps from March, 1924, until June, 1928, in the office of Professor of Military Science and Tactics. He came to
La^t night the PI A Executive the University'from sei-vice in HaBoard voted to conlinue the aetiv- '"'’aii, where he had served four itios of PIA thi'ougliout the school years. During his stay at the Uniyoar including Ihe ' ummer session, versity, McNair was pi’omoted from Passing by a 15-3 vote, the mea- Major to Lieutenant Colonel. He atsure contained provisions giving the tended the Army War College after incoming Executive Board power to leaving.
PIA Board Vote 15-3 To Operate During Summer Semester
Bob Strong
How the war will affect the floral business will he the theme for the fifteenth annual Indiana Florists’ Conference to be held today and tomorrow at the University. Approximately 300 florists from throughout the state arc expected to gather in the Ea.st Faculty Lounge of the
Summary: PURDUE (52) Sprowl, f. Tierney, f.
Menkc, c.
Blaiiken,'g. .
Polk, g.
Union at 10 this morning for the Riley, g.-f.
Lon, Indiana, to a joint meeting of Alpha Zeta field chapter of Phi Delta Kappa and the Evansville School Men’s Club. His .subject was “Industrial Psychology and its Impli-
cations for the Guidance of Youth.” Before coming to the University _ • n i last .lime. Dr. Lawshe was Admin- FOrOnSIC Board
istrative Dean of the Evansville
Tiade School.
Science Men To Hear Enders, Vogler Speak On Personnel Service Jinnor and senior science men are urged to attend a special lecturp this afiei noon in Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p.m., explaining the functions of the University Personnel Service. The student and alumni record files will also bc'discussed. Dean Enders of thjC^ Science School and W. E. Vogler, Director of Personnel, will speak at the lecture. Director Vogler will discuss the record cards for the benefit of both junior and senior men. Seniois will then bo free to leave, as the vest of the discussion will explain the jilacomcnt service for men, with which the Senior.s arc now familiar. The new rccoid caids, officially known as the Pcr.sonnel Record Fqrms, have aheady liccn filled in by all senior engineers. Science men must repoi t to the Conference room in the Executive Building to fill the cards in on 'Fliursday or Friday. It is important that science seniors attend today’s lecture in pieparation for filling ill the cards. Permanent in nature, the new foims will be used now and in the futuio in obtaining employment for University studoiiL.s and alumni. Thpy contain a complete account of the student’s scholasLic, employment, activity and I'amily background. The Personnel Office will maintain a leeoid of the .student’s employment record and progress after leaving the University. Photographs ii.sed foi identification on (ho cards will lie supplied by llie
Per.soiiiicl Office.
Exponenf Sfraff .\11 sophomores anil juniors who intend (o peliiioii for Exponent job.s should .sign (ho shoel in (he Exponent office in the Union by 'I’luirsday, March 5, at 4 p. in. Also read flic notices concerning rccomincndafions.
—Ochiltree
opening conference address on the 1942 business outlook by Dr. E. C. Young of the farm management de-
partment.
Alec Henderson of Chicago, president of the Society of American Florists, will talk on “The Florist’s Place in the War Program,” and his speech will bo followed by an informal discussion period which will end the morning session. Volgor To Speak W. E. Volger, director of personnel at the University, will discus.s
personnel problems which confront due, 22.
Conrad, g.
Totals
MICHIGAN (41) Holman, f. . Cartmill, f. .. Mandler, c. . Antle, g. Com in, g. Doyle, g.
Totals
Score at half: Michigan, 28; Pur-
h’G
7 2 4
2
1
3
6
25 FG
G
G 2 0 2 19
FI' 0 0
0 1
0 *0
1
PF
0 1
3
3 1
0
0
I'aisc the memhor'ship fee and to plan and execute a summer social
irrogr'am. Raise Dues
Plans for mcnibershiji drive submitted will probably entail a raise of 25 cents to the annual dues and will be good for thiee semesters. Thei'C will also be a rotating form of membership making the mcm-
Born in Verndale, Minn., the 68-yoar-old general attended the United States Military Academy frorrr 1900 until 1904, when he was comtrrissioned a second lieutenant in the field artillery upon graduation. His rise was steady and rapid in Army rank. Made first lieutenant in 1904, captain in 1907 and major in 1917, he obtained a tero-
FT 0 0
2 0 0 1
PF 0 0 ] 0 0 3
cepted at the Board meeting were:
under the new set-up will be that
Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . announces the intiation oi' the following; A. G. Spriggs, Irbnton, Ohio; J. S. Amos, Goshen; F. D. Peel, Jeft'ersonville; R, C. Spaulding, Sheridan; L. G. Wood, Rochester, N. Y,; and R. G, Clark, Chicago.
. . . announces the election of the following for the managerial positions: Sam Ponce, Senior Varsity Manager; Maltha Hedges, High School Debate Conference Manager; Bert Squtre.s and Stuart Ross as Junior Varsity Managers; and Margaret Watson and Evelyn Cleavolin as, Junior Coed Man-
agers.
florists at the opening afternoon session pi’esidcd over by Clai'cnce Green, Indianapolis florist. A busines.s meeting of the State Florists’ Association will conclude the afternoon meeting, following a closed floral demonstration for the florists. At the conference banquet this evening the Concert Choir and Glee Cliil) under the direction of Albert P. Stewart will provide the musical background foi the animal Floral Musical which this year has as its theme “Flowers in a Lifetime.” Flowois will be arranged to depict the various highlights of a person’s lifetime, and included in the 20-part program will be those portrayals: “The New Arrival,” “Easter,” “The Bride,” “Christmas.” and “Golden Wedding.” 'Fho general iniblic is invited to the Floral Musical at 8 p. m. this evening in the South Ballroom of the Union. The program is
fl 00.
More Tomorrow The conference will continue tomorrow in the Ilorticultui al Greenhouses whei'O the florists will hear “Resume of Research Work at Purdue,” presented by Prof. R. B. Withrow, J. P. Biebel, E. W. Kalin and S. Thoma.s of the department of horticulture. Also included on the in'ogram foi' tomm'i'ow morning are discussions of wages and hours as applied to the florist, priorities affecting the floral business and greenhouse miantenaiiee and re-
pairs.
Pfc. J. P. eilam Dies; To Hold Rites/Today Private First Class John P. Ellam, a gun mechanic in the enlisted detachment of the RO’FC here died ' suddenly at his home Saturday, Feb. 28, after a short illness. Private Ellam has served in the army for twenty years, serving here since November 3, 1938. He is suivived by his wife, and daughter, both of West Lafayette, five sisters and a step-daughter, Mrs. Richmond Baker of Culver. Funeral services will be held at 10 a.m. today at the Eastorday Funeral Home, Culver; burial will be in the Masonic Cemetery at Culver.
4,
Free throws missed: Mandler Cartmill 1, Menke 1, Conrad 1. Officials—Referee: Richard Bray, Xavier; umpire: Fred Spurgeon,
Valparaiso.
Purdue took time out to look over the situation. Michigan fans screamed for more as Yost Fieldhouse saw its last basketball game of the 1941-1942 season. Johnny Conrad spaikcd a Boilermaker comeback with two goals on fast breaks and Bob Riley tossed in a onc-hander to make it G up, Michigan scoring a basket. Exchanging basket for basket in a wild scoring race, Holman, Conrad and Riley kept connecting in fast action, as the .score advanced to a 14-14 tie. Inaccuracy and a concentrated Michigan defensive play kept the Boilermakers down and at the halftime the Wolverines lead the I.ambert squad, 28-22. Mandler and Holman worked to(See RIVETERS, page 4)
the execution of a “joe” dance ^ general
March 27 and the annual Spring
Dance on April 24.
Rettaliafa To Speak At Open ASME Meeting
General McNair first served with the field artillery at Fort Dougla!$, Utah, upon graduation from West Point in 1904. He was then transferred to the ordnance department and served in various places until he returned to the field artillery in 1909. In 1913, he was sent to France to witness practice of the French
Dr. J. T. Rettaliata, an authority field artillery, and remained there on gas turbines, will speak before for eight months, the student branch of the American Upon his return to the United Society of Mechanical Engineers States, ho served in Texas and other tonight at 7:30 in room 207 of the southwestern states, making twd M.E. building. cxlieditions into Mexico. He sailed Dr. Rettaliata is in charge of the for France in June, 1917; served developmental work canied on by with the A. E. F. He returned to Allis-Chalmers Company the last the United States, once more, and few years in the field of gas tur- served in the Army’s General Servhino applications. Since the speak- ice Schools until 1921. or is in' the foremost ranks of his Goes To Army War College work and .since his subject will cov- From there he was sent to Ha« cr so many fields, Chemical, Metal- waii, thence to the University in lurgical, and Electrical Engineer- 1924. From here he went to the ing .stiulont.s are invited to attend Army War College, thence to the this meeting, it was announced by Field Artillery School, and in 1935, H. A. Bolz, chairman in charge of he was made an Executive Officer in the program. (See McNAIR, page 2) •
Heavilon Hall Clock Goes Berserk Chimes Ring Out Eight-To-The-Bar
By Don Frier Last Saturday night the usually dependable, fifty-yeai-old clock in the lower of Heavilon Hall discarded Father Time’s proverbial guise of decrepitude and .started beating its chimes in ragtime. In thi.s strange mode of behavior, as yet not satisfactoiily explained, the clock continued over the Sabbath to give out with its unortho^ dox renditions which might be described as follows: The half hour was announced by two quick, highpitched tones similar to those of a street car as it stail.s up. At the thiec quarter hour, three tones picked at random fiom the clock’s oulinary major choid were struck in syncopated Lime. Preceding the sfi iking of the houi the timepiece really got hep, and the results would have done justice to the most imaginative performei' on the celesta. Corrected Yesterday Shortly before 9 yesterday morn-
ing Dan Stone clock for the
caretaker of the last twenty-eight
years, and Bill Lannerl, assistant, elimlied to the lop of the-five story pinnacle to make adjustments. They were unable to account for the trou!)le; but, after forcing the woiks through the twelve hour cycle, the clock seemed to be back on the beam. I'liis process, which caused the hands to race around the face, no doubt worried many who were trying to make a nine o’clock class. Face Frozen Several weeks ago the iiovfh t'loek-faec became fiozeii solid in a snow stoim. This stopped the entire mechanism—including the other three faces since the four are connected by gears to the single clockworks. The clock motor and the chimes are driven by three large suspended weights in the same manner as the old grandfathoi s’ clock. A number of years ago one of the weights.
a little four hundred pound pluipbbob, broke its suspending cable and dropped two stories to make matchwood of a fourteen inch timber. According to the story, a mechanics professor scribbled his resignation in a palsied hand and left for a more healthy climate. Lengthens Coed Hours, Too When the clock was struck by lightning last summer, it stopped for nearly an hour and then, fob no good leason, resumed timekeeping. That oveuiiig numerous couples, who were fast appi-oaching the resuleiiee halls in au effort to make one o’clock hours, paused when they heard the clock strike twelve and made the delightful detour around intramural field and the apple 0|> chard. When confronted at two o’clock by the steaming head febl* dent, the girls—smeared lipstiQk> disheveled hair, and all—had Qw perfect alibi, “the clock mtist have been slow.”
''’''iff®
bership good for one year from the commissron in the date entered rather than until the wav-time year of 1917. He then rose end of the year as it is now. colonel and brigadier general.
. ^ both temporary, m 1918.) Lot Of Talk „ * ' Action on this proposal was tak- ■■
en after a month of discussion. The completion of the World— committqe appointed to consider the War I, he returned to his rank of proposal submitted two reports. The inajor and was made Lieutehanfe minority report was accepted. The Colonel during his service at the majority report called for three elec- University. Other promotions were: tions every two years. Colonel, 1935; brigadier general. Other proposals which were ac- 1937; major general, 1940. His'rank
\'
” r ¥<■•61:' liiiiipiliiiiiiiiiiiipir-^
lEiiLiff' ‘. ' Pm^ue Exponent
' liiMwiiMMi
iiiiiiii
MERHY-GOROUND By brew Pearson and Robert' S. Allen
A4«ftjiiM|4ie, Guadeloupe Suspected Sub Bases; J|ie MiSrtin Qri Way Out? ^WASklNCftok,- MarCli 8. ■ — Whfen 'you get them out of official ^rshot, ;«xiled members of the old French cabinet now in Washington, arh' 'v*ery suspicious of what the Vichy Gpyeriinient is doing in Martinique and Guadeloupe. Guadeloupe is a less publicized French island near Martinique, and eprtaip coded messages have been interet^ted indicating pro-German activities on both islands. Suspicion ;is , .strong that Guadeloupe is being used as a submarine refueling base for Nazi submarines operating in the Caribbean. But when the State Department officially denied this i-ecently, French ex-cabinet exiles remarked: “Yoiir State Department is still playing the gentlemen’s game of diplomacy. You bow graciously and believe what i.s tpld you. But gentlemen do not know how to deal with gang- . . sters.” French friends warn that the French Navy is fascist-minded, -that Admiral Robert, commanding Vichy Martinique is prorGerman; that there will be sabotage against. French ships in Martinique harbor if they should be threatened with seizure by the Allies. These same source.s suggest that there be quiet encouragement of prorAHy groups in the French islands who could easily take them over. • Capital Chaff Reason for Roosevelt’s cough at the Washington Day dinner: He had spent about an hour giving his speech aloud for radio di.sc.s, and he ■ivas hoarse. The discs are to be shipped out all over the country . . . High Navy officers boiled at Secretary Stimson’s .statement that fifteen enemy-rented planes were over Los Angeles lastweek. Navy insisted not a single plane was overhead . . . Herbert Hoover, lunching with ex-Republican Chairman John Hamilton on the noon Pearl Hai-bor was invaded, paid tribute to Roosevelt’s handling of foreign relations, said he was convinced the President was trying to keep us out of war. Since Mr. Hoover does not turn on the ladip much, he did not know about Pearl Harbor until several hours later when he returned to his New York hotel . . . Professor Andrew Simpson of Swarthmo,re College has been assigned by the Navy to make a special study of magnetic mines. To make his studies, he has dug in on an Atlantic island . . . Tammany, which was boyeotsted by Roosevelt in the New Y.ork campaign for LaGuar.dia, in turn boycotted the recent Washington Day Democratic dinner. A lot of seats had to be filled with soldiers and sailors. 0 New GpP Chairman „ It’s very shush-shush, but in certain inner- Republican circles there b.gy.e been secret pow.-w.pws on replacing Representative Joe Martin gs National Chairman. The hgrdw-orking little Bay Stater wanted to quit last year, but party chiefs decided that the wisest course would be to, persuade Martin to stay for the sake of-harmony. Now some of the strongest advocates of his retention are after his scalp. The hostile fire is from two sou^'ges. 'One is from mid-west leaders, sour on Martin, (1) for his failujre to give them recognition in national headquarters; (2) for jhis secret financial wooing of Pennsylvania oil millionaire Joseph Pew and Pennsylvania .steel mRlionaire Ernest Weir. In Gm; farm belt the two big-
muncy contributors are political dynamite and the mid-west GOP chiefs can’t understand why Martin is palling around with them. So they feel th.e time has Come for one of their, groui) to b® named either National Cbairitnan or Executive Director and they have decided that it’s time that Martin was che,cked out. ■The othei’,group gunping for Martin are anti-isolationists, long opposed to his strong isolationist leanings. After Peai'l Harbor and Martin’s earnest talk of national unity, this faction was willing to forgive his previous isolationist voting record in Congress. But they called all bets off ■when out of a clear sky he suddenly appointed Clarence Buddington Kelland publicity director of the Natipnai Comniittee. Kellaiid is a fervid isolationist and a man who, politically speaking, does not know when to come in out of the rain. !‘vi<| Note: If Martin does decide to hold a meeting of the National Comr mittee next month, he plans to stage it in Chicago as a sop to midwest leaders, o Airplane Pioneers Reason the Lend-Lease Administration is made up largely of Treasui'y Department pei’sonnei i,s that Henry Morgenthau was first in the cabinet to pioneer the sale of i^lanes to the Allies. Many of his men, including able counsel O.scar Cox and Phil Young, son of General Electric’s Owen D. Young, still are running the show. Morgenthau and Roosevelt, even as early as 1939 at a time when the Senate Military Affairs Committee was berating them, had conceived the idea that production of American airplanes for Prance and Britain would expand our airplane factories for use in case we got into the war. At that time, no one dreamed France would fold, and Morgenthau got tons of Senatorial criticism heaped upon him when a French test pilot cracked up a plane in Lbs Angeles, revealing that the French had placed orders here. However, he plugged
ahead.
Later We took over most of those French planes—though some have been rusting away on Martinique. Note: Roosevelt was denounced by Senator Nye and other isolationi.sts four years ago when he was quoted as saying “America’s frontier is on the Rhine.” Only mistake was he should have said it was in Africa, Australia and North Ire-
land..
(Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Discussion Tourney To Enter 4th Round Fourth round of the all-campus Discussion Tournament, will be held tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the Alpha Gamma Rho and the Alpha XI Delta ho.uses. According to S. A. Pence, junior forensic manager, twenty contestants representing the Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Xi Delt^P, Delta Gamma, Phi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Tau Kappa Esilon, and the Triangle, social fraternities, are still in the running. After the fifth discussion to be held Tuesday, March 10, eight participants will be eligible for the trophy which will be presented to the organization winning the final round on Tue.sday, March 17. In addition to the trophy jeach entrant in the tournament will be awarded a key with the compliments of the Mohlman Jeweli'.y Company.
As Council Members Thad Macy of Spencer, and L. M. Chase of Walkerton havq^ been re-apppint,qi^--,as miembbfs pf tbe Indiana Ppultry Research Council, accoi'ding to Hobart Cheighton, of Warsaw, • chairman of the council. The new men Will serve for a term of three years. Two New Members Macy represents the cooperatives and Chase, the tui-Jk.ey. g.row.ei'.s of the state. Two new members also appointed to the copneij were Noel Shaver pf .Crawfor(jsville, president of the Indiana .,S,tate Poultji’y Association,, and Homer Ebbjnghpfise of North Manchester, who succeeds J.‘W. Sicer of Jeffersonville. Since Sicer is now an extension poutoympn on the University staff, he is not now eligible for reappointment to represent the poultry breeders of .the. state. Apppinttpents Approved The appointments of these four men have been unanimously approved by tbe directors of thp Inr diana State Ppultry Association. They will serve along with eight other men, who represent the vari"ous phases of the poulti’y industry, and counsel with the re.seaj'ch staff, of the University poultry department reg'arding important problem.s needing further research and in-
vestigation.
GR
inAndbearit ‘S'h€:;. ;,v ,
♦ #10 1
Editor’s Note: The following artaele is reprinted from the Miami Daily Student.
‘You listen to me, Agnes—If I’m not "too old to register, I’m not too old to ask about the girls in Bali or Pago Pago!” WBAA McNairTo
Today On WBAA
TUESDAY 9:45 News \ 10:00 “English History” with Prof. V. L. Albjerg 10:50 WBAA Presents J0:55 News 11:00 Morning Matinee / 11:15 The Bookman 11:30 Memory Lane 11:50 Purdue News 11:55 News 12:00 Agricultural Forum 12:16 Meet the Band 12:45 Music ' ° 12:55 News 1:00 Parents’ Forum 1:16 Souvenirs 1:30 Script 1:45 Markets 1:55 News 2:00 Story a Day 2:15 Script 2:30 Virginia Ulrey, singer 2:45 Treasure Chest 2:55 News 3:00 Music 3:15 Afternoon Melodies 3:30 Musical Round-Up 3:56 News 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:15 Heard in the Hallway 4:30 Music 4:45 The Curio Man 4:50 Music 4:.5.5 News 5:00 Just Itelax 5:16 Employment Sei'vice 5:30 Vespers 5:45 Little Miss Muffett 5:55 News 6:00 Dinner Hour 6:30 Sports Review 6:46 The Magic Carpet 6:66 News 7:00 Religious Drama 7:30 Carolyn Wood, singer 7:45 Music 7:55 New.s 8:00 Music Without Word.s—Mildred Johnson 8:15 Indiana Better Homes 8:30 Betty Wedge 8:45 Eventide Echoes 8:55 News 9:00 Mu.sicana 9:65 News 10:06 Off the Air
Several specialized topics, discussed by prominent men in their respective fields, will be aired ovei' WBAA today and tomorrow in three specially arranged round-table discussions by the radio station. Tonight at 8 p.m. Hallie Myers, Director of Traffic, Indiana State Highway Gommission, will lead a discussion on what the traffic engineers of the state are doing in Indiana to promote safety on the roads. The title of the pi'ogram is “Traffic Engineering Promotes Safe Motoring.” “Better Homes in America,” a new radio feature, and one in a series of . WBAA round-tables, will emphasize comfort and good design in the living room of the home at 8:15’tonight. Leaders on the better homes program tonight will be Prof. R. W. Babcock, University Editor, Prof. Laurentza SchantzHansen, head of the department of applied design, and Charles Shook, an Indianapolis architect. Tomorrow evening at 6:45, several delegates to a meeting of workers of the Recreation Division, Indiana W.P.A., will participate iii a radio discussion on recreation and sports, as .supervised by this organization. Prof. Ben H. Pelfy . . . of the Civil Engineering School with Hallie Myers, director of traffic for the state highway commission of Indiana will discuss “Traffic Engineering Promotes Safe Motoring” tonight from 8-8:15 over
WBAA.
(Continued from page 1)
the Office of the Field Artillery. He rose, rapidly from this p.osition, until he wa.s assigned as Chief of Staff of the General Headquarters with offices at the Army War Coir
lege, Washington. ' ,
For his excellent service, espe, cially in World War I, he WJJ-S awarded the Distinguished Service Medal, and was cited for improyr ing the use of the field artillery in war. He also recei-ved the medal of the French Legion of Honor.
Receives Honorary Degree
General McNeir’s last visit to the campus was last June, when he was presented with an honorary Doctor of Law degree by Colonel John W. Wheeler, a member of the Board of Trustees, at commencement. His citation at that time read, “One time commandant of the Reserye Officers Training Corps of Purdue University; Major General in the Army of the United States; inspiring leader of men and skillful teacher of the art of defense of a free
nation.” ■;
Friday night of rush week was a very busy time. Sp when John gulger, a memb^ (4 Sigma Phi Epsilon at North Cjarolina, and Jim Ste.an, a Deke from Colgate, dropped in to visit fellow Chicagoan Bud Martin at the Phi Delt house, they didn’t get much of- a reception. Bn.d,,i\ybo is Phi Delt rush chairm.an >vas'very, busy, so John and J’im wandei'jed put looking fpy amusement, and strolled into the Sigma Chi house. “We’re .tyansfte?' students from Colgate,” they told the- Sigs. -“We live at Ggd,en. We .jurt drppped in fo see what was, going op.” After a few bi'ief moments, Paul Davis had them upstairs in the traditional “hot-box.” “We’ve heard a lot .about you,” Paul sgid. “We want you tp know that you’ve passed our chapter. Here you have to have a unanimous vote, and there wasn’t a blackball, fl.aye .U pin.” So the Deke and Sig Ep accepted the yvhite crosses of the junior member of the Triad. Then they walked out, and said, “We’re going to the Delt house.” One of the Sigma Chi pledges came home, and told his roommate, a Delt pledge, “Boy, you’ll come down to our house now. Did we get a couple of smooth traiisfers.”'x, Davis calle.d the “Beta house. No Colgate boys. Then he went clown to the Delt house and accused Jim Davies of hiqling them in the Sheltey. No Colgate boys. Then hp called Ogden. No Colgate boys. So the Sigs ain’t about to get a couple of smooth transfers.
Radium In ,, Tomorrow EydifM i . k, -d , !' “][jiid,u?trt.al uWh Radium ap a Sourc^. W^ ■subject of a votv eyenjhg git 7 Fbyaics Building., Tha : be delivered by Phillip D. Jplinstmi technical, gdyisor of tlve Rgd^um Chemical Gpmpnby> Chic^p, Johnson will .'discuss rtiigs'IndijST trial use , of r,adium thick sections-,of metal , and defects. The application depends upoii the rays emitted, from the radium and is popular (jug to the small amount of ig.qmpjfnent needed. -, Originally schejdule,d} fo/.,„13jy P. Miller’s class in a^^ligd!. the lecture was opened tp the pubs lie because of its widespread inte.Vr est. The lecture will be ndn-tCbl''" nieal.
. . . agi'onomy and general agricultural honorary, announces the pledging of the following- men; G. K. Black, K.' W. Bradfield, E. R. Christiansen, C. E. Cpleman, R. L. Dilts, R. C. Edwards, B. B. Fee, ic. G. Felix, G. R. Goss, R. S. Howkinspn, C. E. Knote, J. C. Sexson, J. H. Wallis, C. L. Weathers, H. J. Wolfe, and R. E. Woodward.
MADE BY II. UNKIllAM COvi
i Dr. A. M. Irion = j — DENTIST — 1 = 119 Vi Northwestern Awe. S S Phone 4965 = ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin
GREETING CARDS EpR AbL OCCASIONS Iniverslty Biok Store
Acroafl From Union “Bed'-' Saimnons *Z9 “p.oe** Eppio *40
E. MpREHPySE DAIRY r ^ V QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
fiuhduiL £xfiomnL All-American I940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post oOice in Lafayett^, Indiana, under the act of Congre.ss of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act pf October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 -per year, mail sub-
scriptions, $4.00.
Don S. Powers Lelfuid <W, Kuffner Rose
mmmm TODAY - WEDNE$OAY
topay-wep.
m ANY RING... WliPPIWQ or RACKETi
2 f $ A ROMANTlifc LOyE-AND-LAUpH RlpT! withBOBERT ClllillMS in
Rditor-in-Chief News Editor Spurtr Editor
...Ned A. OHiiltree Business Manag:er... ..J.ubn h. TraujeaU Manatcine Editor Phil JuhtiBon Coed Editor...
Publication Staff Assuciste Editors EditAtial Staff: J. F. Amos. J. Ji, Arinstrons:. D. T. Bropby. ji. L* Jladloy, F. I. Jones, K. G. Kiope-r. Sports Staff: 0. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chutlield, Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna 6less; Office Manager! Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, g. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T, Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Fhpnes; Editorial and Bu»ness, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives. 420 Madison Ave,, New York. N. X-
Staff For This .Usue
Night Editor: Gtuspie Day Ediiur: Pickering
Njglit Sports Editor: Brewer Issue Editor; Kieper
Staff: H. W. Froynian. T. Davis, R. For(|, W. G. Hoskins, L. Slone, A. F. Hunter, J. D. Smith, S. B. Wolf, M. J. Luuer, i). E. But-/., H. Eekst<iii.
MARS TODAY - WED.
’tissm f ^ /// rscHMcot^opt/ A ParamounI Pi<fur« wilh Flora Robson - Leo G. Carroll Mary Anderson' Cecil Kellaway EXTRA!. "War Clouds in the Pacific"
NOW SHOWING 2 FIRST RUN HITS
HERBERT MARSHr TERESA WRIQHT,. RICHARD CARLSON PLUS
f//j, - - ^4^ i^itRayBOLGER-AnneSHIRtEY JuM Hivcc • Oul Amu • Jick Dutast • EMIi Fiy, k. FrlH Fild • Hsnry Dinlill. RKO Rodio PIcturo
K & E SLIDE RULES now at
E BCOKf^SEPPLY STORE
30Br-|0 JTATE fTREEU WEST LAFAYETTE INU} \( fl’^
-~i<Wlli4uiijii|j|illl^>iil ■■■jimii)0ui wmiP'oimiy
’'.f!'v|
Trackmeii Af Chicago Saturday
Tuiasdiy, Mar^jh 3# J94|
/{!>■' ':.‘"r" ' '
Riy^ter Tr&ckmen Chicago For Big Tm f^eetS^furd^f
What A Finish!
^At Idwa Saturday night the Boilermakers get a smali lead and then th^ Ifa\ykeyes get hot in the final minute and forge ahead. Last nigljt Boilermakers were getting the devil beaten out of them by the ninth Michigan five for three quarters, after which they started an amaateg scoring sti’eak to win by 11 points. At least the fans g’ot their mon-
ftjr/s \irorth.
oWitH ll> minutes to go Michigan led by a score of 40-29i Sprowl hit f^r' in £t roW, Menke tipped a couple in, Tierney, Blanken and Conrad 11 minutes had ticked away p^iday afternoon, some 16
® ®^ score just ope point while the Boilermakers had Rj^gter ta-ackpien will journey to ^gpred 23. Thats really playing )?alj, and sliQ>ws just.wljat they could 4o. ehkago where they will take part
Iowa Really Got A Ball Game >n the annual Big Ten Indoor Track five meets thus far, the Rivthe way the Sunday issue of “The Daily Iowan” read, the Hawk- Meet. Preliminaries will start Fri- g^gj. wrestling squad will try eyjfes must have seen a real ball game Saturday night. “Iowa’s Hawkeyes day evening with the finals being ^ tfipir fifth victnrv nf thp hlJjStered Purdue’s struggling Boilermakers with a last minute six point run off the following afternoon and ^
hptptk$6 here last night to pull a close ball game out of the fire, 42-36.” evening. check by a clo^e-kpit, hard checking Pui’due defense, th® As in years past, the Michigan
Hawks pht on one of their typical thrillei'-diller finishes before 10,000 speeds^ters, will be favoied to cop roaring fans ... The crowd, a roai ing, seething'm^ss of pgrtisgp human- the title. However, the well-bal-ity, seemingly blared its loudest for Soderquist’s last minute bucket . . .” anccd Ohio State squad which dcBoy ^that must have been (juite a crowd. eisively trounced the Boilermakeis ► The Foeiball Team is Ready To Go earlier in the season, are rated on
Page
W? f
Fm Ngrlli^^tn In List Diial Match
HaVjng w^ri fofir
Boilermaker Tankers Face Chicagi Tomorrow; Wildcats Here Saturday
Rangy
season next Saturday afternoon against the Wildcats of Northwestern, This will be the last intercollegiate dual meet of the segspp fqi' the Boileimakers. Evanston wilLbe the scene of the
battle at 3 p.m. Saturday.
If pyc^first practice indications are anything to go by, the 1942 foot- ^ Wolverines and may Casey’s Last Meet ball team should have more pep and drive than a battalion of army jeeps. dethrone the Ann Aibor Many of the squad have been woiking out regularly although practice aggregation. Minrresota, Illrnois
won’t begin until next week. " ■- - Ve.sterday afternoon several of the backs were doing a little boxing to better their footwork, and the Irnemen attempted a little wrestling. Varsity heavyweight Frank Euggieri and freshpran heavyweight Dick Bal’We&an took on the linemen as they came, and r-eally prnned their
ears back.
Barry French, Ray Stoeltmg, and several others were in oir the receiving end. The entire Ficldhouse was busy with anxious footballers. It looks like a fine spring practice is in pro.'-pect. The intra-squad game this year should be a honey. 11 Intramural Mews ^
The final round of the Intramural fraternity “B” basketball tournarpent wfil get under way late this week, probably on Friday evening if gAmes scheduled for this week are run off as planned. ThVp^ fraternities. Beta Theta Pi)'iSigma Pi, and Phi Delta Theta htk:^e<«gmerg^d unscathed from compgtititpy thus far, each team boasting record of four wins as against
no.<lgf0|its.
*'A8‘p|iK8<for the tournament call
start this week, and will take almost the entire week before the champion is ci'owned. Volleyball Starts The first piactice rounds of the fraternity volleyball tournament will begin on Thursday of this week and will continue on into the following week before the actual play
starts.
Cary Hall rifle matches start this week, with Wednesday and Friday scheduled as the days for competi-
fof pijpit teams to compete against tion to be held.
eattjS ether; in addition to the three Students interested in becoming fraternities aheady named, five members of the Rifle Club should rppre Will be determined from the make it a point to be present at a r^i^at.tlfrtliie outcomes of games to meeting to be held Thursday after-
week. noon at 4 o’clock in Room 104 of tVprc|„bqsketball finals will also the Fieldhouse.
and the Rivetcis also should be well up on top in team standing.
Buckeye Wright
Probably the outstanding individual poiformei in the meet Saturday will he Bob Wright of Ohio State. The big Buckeye sonioi is almost a cinch to take both the high and low hurdles. Also, he can bo counted upon loi several valuable points in the sprints. His chief competition will undoubtedly come iiom the two fine Illini timber toppeis, Olson and Lewis. The two Riveter entiies, Conant and Cons have shown a marked improvement during the past few weeks and should give a good account of themselves over the week-
end.
Another Ohio State man who will bear watching will be their fine sophomore broad jumper, Dupree. In his first year of Conference competition he has bettered 24 feet in this event. Many expeits who have seen the Buckeye ace in action rate him as the present day performer most likely to shatter the long standing 25 feet 8 inch record held by Jesse Owens. Another Buckeye In the sprints Hammond of Ohio State, Piel of Michigan and Boilermaker Bob Keim in addition to Wright will in all probability be battling for top honors. According to Coach Phillips, the Riveter relay team which has been outstanding in each of the dual meets so far this season will be right up with the best of them come Saturday. Anthony in the quarter, Jentsch in the half and McLoughlin in the two mile are also expected to place for the Boilei makers.
This match will mark the last dual meet for Casey Fiedericks, one of the seniors on the squad. The outstanding feat of this person is that in three yeai s of intercollegiate dual meets, he has not lost a bout. Casey fights in the 128 pound class and is captain of the grapplers. In the first match with the Wildcats this season, the Riveters defeated them. The Wildcats were among Findlay, Ohio State and Indiana to bpw to the Boilermakers. Only Illinois has been able to knock off the Riveters thus far this sea-
son.
Sophomores Prominent The Wildcats ai’e led by Captain Dick Trubey, a tough 176 pounder. Other veterans on the squad are Myles Taylor at 128 and Ed McMillan at 155. The Northwestern team is studded with four sophomores, Nethercott, Stern, Allen and Ivy. The balance of the squad will probably be made up of Weinstein, McMillan and Trubey. The Boilermaker squad has been handicapped the past few days by several injuries. Velmer Davis, the 165 pounder, has been lost to the squad by a fiacttued nose injury. A sore knee has been botheimg Jim Paiatore, but it should bo well in time for next Satmday. Boilermaker Lineup Coach Claude Reeck’s probable line-up will be composed of Mickey McDonald, 121 pound class; Casey Fiedeiicks, 128; Maik Matovina, 135; Bob Britt, 143; Warren Gregory or Jim Paiatore, 155; Roger Claseman, 165; Wairen Eviston, 176; and Frank Ruggieri or Italo Rossi, heavyweight. Claseman will take Davis’s position on the squad.
. . . Vic Wukovits, who will start at the center position for the Illini against the Boilermakers next Saturday night, is the on!) senior member of the starting five, the other four men being sophomores. Vic’s height plus his scoring ability under the basket makes him one ol the most dangerous men on the floor. Ken Menke
Buy Defense Savings Stamps
7
There’s lots of work to be done these days, both in Civilian Defense and the Services. You’ll need fresh energy. At the Purdue Union , 0£xfsdsjd£L I meals are inexpensive and delicious. You will enjoy serving yourself from our appetizing assortment.
JhL PWvdjUJL Wsmsfuedi UniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cafe Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
Perfume . $1.00 to $10.00 Eatf de Toilette $1.00 to $3.00 Talc, Bath Powder and Sachet 55c to $1.75
CUA/€^ V¥IOri '^and the ^I'aqrance^^cJCaifi an 'jze^h A truly remarkable valueto introduce’you to this haunting scent, inspired by the rare green orchid, that issues an^almost.irresistibfe royal comirjand.
Atsel^
One ot the chief reasons tor Doug Mills’ success with his Illinois squad this year was his unusual wealth of sophomore strength. Tj pical of these second yeai men is Ken Menke, whose aggressive floor play and high scoring abiliti made him one ot the most impoitaiit tactors of the Illini attack tins season.
Sw/m At Windy City First; Return Home Coach Dick Papengnth'.s Boilermaker aquatics are due to face a heavy swimming schedule this week, meeting the Maroon tank squad at Chicago tomorrow afternoon, and playing host to Northwestern’s paddlers in the Fieldhouse this Saturday. The Riveter aces will taper off fof a short drill this afternoon in the local pool and journey ,to the Windy City tomorrow iporning, with the Chicago meet scheduli^ to got undei way at 3-.30 pm. Coach McGillciay’s tank squad, holding a lecord so tai this season o± two Conteience victoiies and two defeats, has been shaping up with times vciy close to those of the Boileimakoi swimming squad. Chicago Free Stjlers Strong Fiee-stylcis, the back-bone of Chicago’s pool team, are led by Hinnichen, a spiint and middle distance swimmei, and Baughei, an exceptional fiee-style aitist in piactically all distances In one of the best balanced tank teams that Chicago has seen fox the past scvei al yeais, Bob Vethke, bieast-stiokei, Jordan, a back-stioke man, and Ciosby, high and low boaid divei, complete this list of Maioon lead-
cis
Vethke, a veteian at his event, took a thud in the National Intelcollegiate meet last yeai, and copped a thud in the Big Ten meet aNo. Wildcats Also Impiessive Noithwestein’s Wildcat swimmeis, who wnll ojxpose Papenguth’s tankeis in the Ficklhousc at 3 pm Satin day, boast the sciMces ol one ol the top-notch liee-stylers in the countiy, Amuncken by name. Anothei outstanding coinci ol the Noithwestein squad, which has deieated Illinois and Wisconsin in Conieience competition, is the diving aepaitmcnt Jaynes and McDonald aie the Wildcat spnngboaid champs who aie expected to give Boileimaker diveis a leal test. Wheio Chicago’s sw'imming mentoi McGilleiay will place his strong iree-stjleis will be a hinging factor m the victoiy oi defeat of the Gold and Black, with Papenguth expecting a veiy close meet Boilermakers Strengthened “The squad is finally getting back into shape,” ventuiecl Dick at the pool yesteiday, “we’ve had sickness hold us back a little bit, but w'lth the retuin of Cuily Andeison and Jimmy Kiueck, we’ll bo a lot stiongei than befoie” Andeison, a back-stiokcn, and Kiueek, iiee-styloi have been on the “piohable” list ioi the past week, but with then letuin ..ddcnl to the incieased dfoits of the t.aik-
mini Coach
.. . Doug Mills, one of the est and most popular baMtetbw coaches in the middle ^west, earned his bid for the honor “coach of the year” in guiding' ti youthiul Illinois basketball team to the Western Conference champion-
ship.
Biq Ten Standinqs
Illinois
Won Lost 12 2
Pet. .857
Iowa
10
4
.715
PURDLE
9
5
.643
W isconsin
9
3
.643
Indiana
9
5
.643
Minnesota
8
6
.571
Northwestern
3
9
.357
Michigan
3
10
.333
Ohio State
4
10
.286
Chicago
0
15
.066
Big Ten Scares Purdue, 52; Michigan, 41. Iowa, 46; Illinois, 32.
Northwestern, 49; Indiana, 45. Wisconsin, 19; Minnesota, 47. Dr. T. K. Cowden of the fai-m management depaitment, will speak today .at the annual meeting of the Indiarua Faito Buieau Coopeiative Association,being held this week in Indinnapolt§. Subject of his talk Wrill be “prices, the wai, and the 1942 outlook,"
men, the Boilei maker power bps been pushed up the scale. Same Lineup .igain ' This week’s engagements will piobably see the same starters fqlr the Gold and Black as appeuefi against the Illini last Saturjd^, when Papenguth’s squad won, 32 The 300 yaid xelay and 400 hee style xelay teams are subject lo chixnge how’evei, according to tbfi
coach d e b.
The taste-good, feel-good refreshment of ice-cold Coca-Cola is everything your thirst could ask for. It’s ail you want qnd you wont it all. Nothing ever equals thu quality and goodness of the real thing. —
BOTTXtD UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
6th and Salem
Lafayolto. Indiana
You trust its quoKty
th' '
I'M^ . . fiicWaj, Marcias] 194^
/
-ja^ *Y^ • *• i
SS"'^ *». *1P Pctg^ 4
Purdue Exponefit
PRICE RISE MARCH 6TH DON’T WAIT ANY LONGER! BUY NOW 1942 DEBRIS Seniors—You can buy your DEBRIS pictures at the DEBRIS Business Office for Va of the price we paid for them.
Union Music Room Displays Dance Art Raib'iia Moipan’s daiK-o photo piaphs of outstanding Ameiican modem dance pioups and a collet lion ol 2'i smncd oiippia! otchinps and litliopiaphs on loan fiom the Associated Amoiicm \ilnts o( New YoiK will he exhibited in iht '\liisie Room ol tin Ui ion till
M 11 eh 7
'1 he^ d..ii(e pm topi i|ilm au a nov city collection winch was obtained by the Union thiouph the coopeia tion ol the dcpaitmcnt ol physical (ducationloi women It consists ol action photos taken diiiinp leheai Sals ind peiJoimancos Its snbicets inekidc stvcial pioups those oi \1 Uth i (ii iham and Doi is Hum IthrcNs in ))aiticulai The lithopiajih collection in eludes woiks b^ Thomas Benton lohn riiiic (icoipes Schicilici Pcici lliiid, R.iph icl So\ci Luipi Liieioni, PepL,\ Buon^and othcis \11 oi the' aic iflcicd ioi sale at fi\c (to'lais c uh Student e^it (lUild m selectna ihicc to be le tamed m the jm minont eollcction ol Uie L 1 inn to whieh thiee moie will be adcUd eacn ^t u oi tlie oe ci'.un ol th - aninul e 'u i < im the t ^soci itec! \mciiei \iti r'u Union h i placed n e m i it h i\ in tic "''lusie Re nm li eon uiCiiLs on past exhibits and siu^e ^ t loos I Ol t utui ( one s AWS Lecture Series For Coeds Will Start This Evening At 7:30 AWS maiital lectin e sei les loi all senioi women, and junioi women who have special pei mission to attend, will begin tonight at 7 10 luniois may obtain peimission to heal the senes by calling Jane Me Uouch 01 Agues McCulloch The senes will consist of foiii lectuies tonight—Di Mane M es sells, a piacticing physician liom Chicago, will speak on “Man lagc 4s A Noimal Function’’ at 7 JO in the M^est Faculty Lounge ol the Uii ion Monday, Maich 9—Di Liance Hannett fiom the Univcisity ol ( mcinnati will talk on “Happiness in Matnage” Thuisell^iy, Maich 17 —Dr Lucia Town’s topic will be “Hygiene in Maniage” Tuesday Maich 24—Di Ralph Geiaid also iiom the Univcisitv of Cincinnati will talk on “Mainage Fiom A Man’s Point of View ’ Riveters Win
(( ontinucd fiom page 1)
gethei at the outset ot the second in i i i o penod, and the Riveteis couldn’t i 'u i get'-taited The M olvennes scooted ''' ' ' '
to 35 points as Johnny Coni ad sunk the only Puidiie basket Spioyvl and hophonioii contei 41 Mcnkc wem thi‘ spai ks ol the \ictoiious Boiki iiiakci eoimliack howcvei as thi two aces staitcd hitting tin net
liom all sides
The Wolveiincs y\eie balllcd at the unexjieetid onslaught and tin Rncteis kept iiji the bail age, weejiing past the Wolveimcs at 11 all yyith six minutes lo jilay (/uaid Leo DoylUs liei thiow was the last Michigan |ipint to be scoied and liom ih n on the \ictois domi iiaied the jilay Mickey Ticiney’s pas int( u (j)'ions ..eeoimted 101 thi last loin iioiiit a the Bode i make i
won 52 ,1
Attraction At Lafayette Theatre
WAA Pinff Pong- Second lound of tourTi iment must be pinjed of! Tuesday Much { Ihckut vb louts M vs Mein/ii Lveiis \h T lutich Toopei vs Willinu'-on Mill(i vs H»a<Klii\v Wirup 1 i V U 1(1 isLoil M iiiKU V H\(i„kr I hnson \s Uos( uo» ms S( HUHl U
Alphi Pin Oniogii h Id liu I IN Miiih Ih Unu 11
Oi>{ n Tni.(lir»j lo lu it 10 p ni in Sl( n R
Pi I lU Sp m I V<i\ imporlaut pkc'Ipu lu(sili> Miiili I p in in ii tdiTU'’ i< in (1 M 1 buiUhtiL J I((tion ol sprnu phd^is
1 III Ik 11 iM I hiMsrl IN M U( h ( IK I <| lllld I I
i I
tion ol ni ndu is it U) j» m \tl nd lo b( iiuiouiK (I ] il( >
Sinil! mil (r**s(tnt K(> lu in (< me Ml) ( t H) MI ! K Sliuliiil UsluTH S ud nt ushils ind po I N I ilv bi kirbill pmiis ui t llu u II N li l)i tuKit ol\i(4 in th( 1 uldhousi DOAN
1 IK irp. pi u tu< I 1 id iv Fib 2 I IN i\j III h 1 lactiLis lie i
loin II iment
1 MHO! I
\\ -VA
t 1
(piiM d I II p II lu Ip ilion
10 iVI il(( Dp I X iiuH FKiiniinHli )iM to . i in I ! t r td< ih Ml 10 will b< S I id ly M ii h 1 I it I I rn in n i in I 11 Mi biiddiiii 1 l< ns i ot it > m< lit! - Cl Kil K Df idliiu lot hi ndMr*vhip in 'll N 11 Mil I M n I V M u( h I I h I I I I I I IV III d I I 1 M 1 lOl I Nix A
W A V i ill II M II h
Siuifi IcIm I III nil! I 1
S id i ind < 1 IN (1 < n 1 j 1 u(sd i' W impl I S!i 11 N ► s Siiltiui folinsi S( IIUIH i:
Silver Mask Meeting, will bo hold Wednosd IV Much I it i 10 pm in room T()5 c I the Union OAKUS IIoitiLiiUure Socioly Mcclinir be held Wednesdnv Maieh I in loom 11” ol the. 11 ilicullure limldin^ at 7 20 pm Movieb d the Ohi 1 St lie University j^iccnhouses \m!I he followid by lelic'ihments —NOUDFTNGhR Union Woiktis Ih folloNvinc nunibeis o! flu li. i (time tommill(e ph ise Kpoit I I i imetinL, Iu(sdi> M ireh » at 1 2s ]) m Senoui Mivti llinimel W lla/iid Collistei SlalliiiLs W((linir Veil tohn Middour luk<y Dullin Ktisur llilhi Hiii II 1 Old DI US 11 R All Students 1 he IoHonnuu peopU pie is( eonu to the Stud ril Union otliee VVidlu (I IN Miieh ) lutNvten I ind 7 pm to t( 1 U(t money hrm tli 1 ol (\ehint,‘ I lint Ciumppei I 1 mi V ikntnu (. loiKe Iliidy Husinhiik Hill en ft>u S(hik(I Arm h ini Mihlii I iru tiiidii (lood HUDSON Riding Club M<eLin„ Ihuisdij Mueli it JO in ri irn U)! I the Union I I ms I 1 lid Sum! IN NVilI hi in idt lUCAVVN SC A Purehasinr j'gents Import mt m(<l im, 1 usd IN M irili it 1 p rn in ll S( A Hu li> lo ll LV(. th 111 mint n i |U 'sl id i\ III ihU h> that I hi MO(. \NI UO Women Students CceiK iiUiiist 1 m buniinei nv ll sh u!d !il ipplu itn iis nsH! (h VV( iiH ll s pluimtnt smnim in (lu Ix ( utiN( Muildiiii hetoK Situidny Mul(h 1 1 1 NDi Riowsiiig Room ( oniiniltcc Mtelin^ I ui I IV M 11 h tip ni in i x rn 10 ol 111 Uni( n S \I 1 i 1! Inlcrfrateinity Presidents* Council Ke^s II Nc iiiiN d 1 ll isi ( i|] l( I tluin it III i I III initN An iii-s othe \I 1 11 1 1)
) I
1 1 :
md Horn S|)< in stum nls i L 1 I 1 1 W (
in il e A
m III 1 I ll
ll nu (tin mht Is ind
11 (1 i> M u (ll I 11 ill iss nil In i
lim( nts Durr\
tim. Sun iiiN M IK h 1 m 2i in Union (iiu sis Tier ipis RII (.1 1
Mn
1 uosd ij Ml,
11 ri s I i
KIvM IM I II N
f xponeiil I reshmen Ninv seludul s ii« I sted (M bulletin h iid in ollue All II hnuii e\eej)t tit Nvho eanu out th lond semestei lU i ou is i^iied lo tvi ni hts pci Nveek Pie isi eh ek thisi issi n nientb is soon is iiosMide RUl 1 NI v Union Workers 1 lu lolloNNin m ml (is ol the Music loorn commitlie iipoit to llu Uni n (Hue IhuisdiN Much t I I 1 m Cioodiniiti (iilhii Hi wll s Ivll I(I\list(i HoNNinan li nd ij ist M I)i\is 1 llil Kit Kuhn H iNdi n ( mH Id M n low SI 1 HUR( I R
W \ V Ml mheis I ( hlu i ] III I Isl I (III
Tuesday, March
3
9 00
A M
— First Aiel—Reel Cross
Room 30.5, Union
9 00
A M
Inehin.i fst.rtc Florists’ ('on
l(re ne e
Fast Faculty Lge ,
Union
11 45
A M
I) 111y l)c p ri (nil n( SL.il I
IauicIu on
Room 3'iO, Union
12 !0
I’ M
-I),my Dipiilmeiil Meeting
Room 3.55, Union
I 00
P M
—Floi ll Demor sliulioii
Noi th Ballroom, Union
J 00
I’ M
—Synijihony Unit
Room 201, Union
4 00
I> M
-( ommittce on SI-iU of
Univci sity
I’ejoni 20 S Union
I !0
I’ M
- Iiieli in i Rt lie J'^loi isls’
Assoe 1 i( ion
I. isl r.icLilty r.ouiige.
Union
(), !0
I’ M
—Floi ists’ UomIi I ( ne c B inepu t
I’ooiii ;!(i3, Union
7 !0
I’ M
-M 111 i.'igi r.i e till i
Wist Faculty Lge,
Uiiioti
7 SO
B M
- C 111 IS tl.Ill Sc K nee ()i g iin/ it ion
Room lO'l, Union
7 SO
B eVI
—Ccics Molding
Room .100, Utnon
7 SO
B M
-A.SMF Meeting
Room 207, ME Bldg
7 SO
]> M
Aliih.i Btii Omcg.i
Room 507, Union
7 ,0
I> M
-Distinguished lloyvit/oi
Competition
Al moiy
7 SO
B M
— Silver Mask
Room 304, Union
7 SO
B M
—Camera Club
Room 302, Union
7 SO
PM
—Forestry Club Meeting
Room 117, llort Bldg
S 00
B M
- Flor ists’ C otilc 11 lice Miisic.ile
Both Ralliooms, Union
rvi)Und 1 -All C.imjuis Dis
cussion ( oiliest
Ls.)tjc(jcne Iicinov is cdsl *is tiic naliv t ^nlin Son oi rur>,’*thc stoi \ ol lUniamin iiLike ‘-laiiinj* Imoiic I’owei IDised on Edison iVKirshali s bo'-t selling novel this Lilcst 20th (cntun-I o\ hit is now at Ihc I ala\otto ! hcalic
f iinie t ( lull Meinhei* in 111 1 i s 1 IN Ml
ll 11
1 1 Dili 11 i s 11
)ie d 11 il NN in dnine I nit n ! th III nois ti I m ml el (ll I NN ) hit hru ( (Its Vhetuu I ui (1 IN in 11 1 0 ( I th ll
n n All 11 n ( MI MI\N
E. R. Bar rick as'-istant in Animal iNutii tion Rcseaich has been oieleiccl lo lepoit to the Surgeon Geneial Slatl Wa-ihington, D C, on Fiielay, J\Iai 6 Accoieling to Piofessoi C L Sliicwsbmv, Baiiick will serve as a Fust I leutcnant in the SamtaiV ( oips of the U S Aimy
Classified Ads
Closid met tin ill I iiu nls ( 1 _12 f tl I 1 N I Lhii 1 th
ol SM NNitli rn v ( I ll ii (1 > Mai
Notices
W di M net 1 j,rot nil p nu 111
d lull tioK t st( rioL 1 tpliLi and oiliic ssj tint l^urdiic luuk pidiricd Apply hv Idler Jx H »\ \ I 1
I N pt VN
lit is \ddin \i 1
Inn ill rn d <
(11 I r '
(1 ]> 1II 1 111)
im h 1 d Mini
1 n 1 \ 1 IN II
rl 1 I ( ill 1 1 )
1 h 11 1 1 M iin
I Ki
III 1 1
i 1 s N 1 1
1 1 >
1 ( 1 in ll N
u 1 IN ml mil
FSirduc I nnnttr St itF Irnpoitml it 1 J 1 es i N M 1 h 0 I m ll 11 I HA W KINS HikIli loiuninienl Workers All Ur n i I III n ini n( vn i k is nu t iL ll Ui n it 1 I r I u sd IV jM ii i li VVI HI R
Dear Students:
February 27, 1942
Het I
DisliMLUislu d sliideiils N I M I t Ih 1 1 \ III N 1 ll III
R I n I II 111 It 1 HOI 1 I r SHI
1(11 I in ml I [III
! u M h il hi p m in n 01 i lh( Union Atl( nil mc( iiiiumd
MUNCl 1
Student Senite ( iiNintiin ni lin I ! ni Iiiisdij Mii(h \ in tin Slud n S n It 111 N SI I ( Ki I Sihtr M isk All rm n intiiistid in li ur lUL t' tl IK I ( p M I f I I hi 1 ru It III ni i Ih til I I He I I 111 ! 1 1 ll i I 1 t\ N 1 u 1 I 1 m VVi dnesd M ii li 1
OAKI S
lU intei ( luh R m 1 i in 11
M
I 1
will still h I UI r M R Iht NN ill hi
Ih
M I
(1 1
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 L.ifiyeUe Life Bldg.
I h
ll
nderL r iilu it i D
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
F. W. Greve
io) im ) I ni\ ( ) --ity ^lueh i I I cf c )v (el hi \ n y ‘ w ing-, ’ ami i eemuni ion a'- i 1)\im t n n (he I mil (I State - \av il i.e < \ thi‘ ev.il I'nhlic J'elilion^ Pnieeii nnnoune c (I tnela\ (/leve w i es'-ii i (elite) aiti\ t eluly upe n i e e e i \ in,_ 1 i commission Jit ittciveel hi-, pie maiy ti iiuing al Llerniew, Him om, and ins aelvanceel it lining al the Naval An Liuuon at I'ciuae da
in iyii/nyeilp, Only Crown
MONITE
"roli'i-lioo Aiiaiiisl
DlUllilglL
Viondi* i' on I'li/us/ri' j)i'o<*<‘ss lor molli proofing wool Icihsic-—( no.o Siii- vxelf^sive rrancSiisi* in HalayoUu ior
Motiih'.
Awake to the fact that the Purdue Exponent is your one source of what is going on about our campus* All one does to find out about Activities meetings or call-outs, is to look in the NOTICES* If you have lost something valuable, the most logical thing to do is to announce it in the CLASSIFIED AD section* Read about the latest National Events in the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND* Why wait any longer? Subscribe to YOUR school paper NOW! Sincerely, The :
n Laundry
[ EIPOilWT
Top o! ihc Hill