/*' ''•*!<, ■■ ‘ '^ f < ,,* * ’j, '
Purdue
Z-IU
VolumeSlTNorSO/
Expanent
Tuesday. November 7. 193S
Late News Bulletins
French Score Air Victory Over Germans
Winning Snapshot Selected In Debris' Monthly Contest
Paris, Nov. 6.—France claimed victory today in the biggest air battle of the war. French aviators shot down nine German planes, according to 128th communique of the war. Nine French planes engaged 27 German ships but none were damaged. Seven of the German planes were shot down within French lines. Earlier in the day French troops rectified their position southwest of Forbach, where Germans isolated a French garrison. ,
'Soviet Union Not Drawn Into War/ Molotov
Moscow, Nov. 6.—Russian Foreign Commissar Viacheslav M, Molotov said today, addressing a communist rally at the Moscow opera house, “that no effort to draw the Soviet Union into the war can succeed.” The rally climaxed the first day of a three-day celebration of the Red Revolution anniversary. At the same meeting Commissar Molotov declared that the American neutrality law was a screen for eventual participation in the war, “Only the Soviet Union is consistently keeping peace,” he said. The capitalistic nations of the world are seeking the Way out of international difficulties by war, he concluded.
British Fleet Driven Out of North Sea
Berlin, Nov. 6.—Lieut. Hermann Bulow, Nazi aviator returning from nir battles over the North Sea, told newspapermen here today that the British fleet had been driven from the North Sea. There was no confirmation of Bulow’s report.
Four Believed’Killed In Mine Blast
Mullens, W. Va., Nov. 6.—Four men were believed dead and many injured in a gas explosion in a mine at Ostego today. Rescue workers brought up one victim, badly burned and with a possible broken back, who was believed to have been trapped in a room with four others by the slate fall. Five hundred people gathered at the shaft mouth to witness the rescue.
Debate Tournament Harvest
Changed To Round Table Discussion
Hop Tickets Placed On Sale Yesterday
At a meeting of the representatives of fraternities and sororities, held November 1, it was decided to change the Mohlman debate tournament into a discussion tournament. The subject selected is “Propaganda—How to Fight It.” I First Meeting The contestants will be divided into groups of eight or ten. Each group will meet three times in the first round and twice in the succeeding round. The first meeting on November 21 will be a practice discussion. To be eligible for following roimds a contestant must be present at the first one. Contestants in the final round will receive keys, and the winner will receive a cup to be his permanently. The organization gaining the most points will receive a tropby. Faculty Judges Contestants will be judged individually by faculty members on the basis of two points for the first round and each succeeding round carrying one point more than the previous round. The first discussion of each round will consider the problem phase of the question. In the second discussion the solution will be under consideration.
Tickets for WAA Harvest Hop, to be held in the Union ballroom Friday, November 10, were placed on sale yesterday at the Women’s Gym, sorority houses, and outside the Sweet Shop in the Union. The tickets are pricea at one dollar. Corn stalks, pumpkins, confetti, and streamers used as decorations will lend a fall atmosphere to the dance. Music will be furnished by Irvan Maury’s orchestra. Sport clothes will be considered appropriate co-ed dress and eds will dress m a similar informal manner.
Winning picture in the first of Debris’ monthly snapshot contests has been chosen from over 60 entrants. The prize photo taken by Fritz Hartman shows Bob Bonnett surveying with a level. The picture was chosen on the basis of suitability for publication and on composition. All students submitting entries are requested to leave their prints and negatives in the box outside the Debris office in the Union. This is the chance for every student to have his or her picture in the yearbook, and anyone who has a picture which might at all be suitable is urged to submit it. Winning pictures will be reproduced monthly in the Exponent, and the winning photo of the year will be awarded a free Debris. Entrants may have their prints and negatives at any time, but they are asked to leave them_with the Debris office until after spring vacation so that they will be available for the snapshot section of Debris. Four days remain before the price on the 1940 Debris will change. On November 11 the price changes from $4.00 to $4.50.
Dr. A. S. Scholk
Will Address Annual
Velerinary Meeting
Bette Smith, WAA social chairman, has charge of the general arrangements for this co-ed bid dance. Other committee heads are Jane Fishleigh, tickets; Dorothy Holden, invitations; June Spry, publicity; Leona Mermelstein, posters.
6. H, Cushing, Jr,
. . . was appointed as assistant in the loan and referenco department of the University Library, according to a recent announcement by University officials. Cushing is a native of Portland, Me., and holds a professional degree in library science from Columbia University School of Library Service.
About 50 veterinarians arrived yesterday to take part in the annual short course for their profession. Principal speaker for the afternoon was Dr. A. S. Scholk, professor of veterinary medicine at Ohio State University. It was expected that about 150 men would attend the sessions today, at which time there will be discussions concerning the diseases of young pigs, external parasites, swine rations, and poultry diseases. Because of the death of Dr. R. A. Craig, the short course originally scheduled for October 17 to 20, was postponed until this week. The conference will close Thursday afternoon with a large and small animal clinic.
Religious Emphasis Opens Saturday
Dr. Worth Tippy
By Bill Heaton The observation of a period set aside for the emphasis of religious devotion marks an institution of higher learning as one which is in step with the times. The tendency in the past few years has been to give less and less of our time to any of the forms of organized worship.
Mrs. Harper Sibley
. . . once pastor in the Lafayette Methodist Episcopal Church, will be one of the speakers who will be here during Religious Emphasis Week, November 11-17.
When a school turns over a whole week to religious matters and designates this week as “Religious Emphasis Week,” it may be truly classed as a modern school. It has recognized the benefits derived from religious observance. Instituted in accordance with the above arguments, “Religious Emphasis Week” will be held on the campus the week of November 11 to 17. Program arrangements for this effort to stimulate student and faculty interest in religious affairs are in the hands of the Committee of 100. This committee, headed by C. S. Doan, is composed of students and faculty members who are interested in religious activities.
. . . nationally known as one of the lay leaders of thp Protestant F^iscopal Church and for her part in inter-denominational religious activities, will speak here during Religious Emphasis Week.
Freshman Engineers Examined In Essential
Sdentifk Knowledge
Study Possibilities Of
Phi Beta Kappa Here
Alpha Kappa Lambda
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Robert K. Duncan, Kokomo; Robert Lyons, Indianapolis; and David V. Mills, Springfield, Mass. Dr. E. T. McBee, West Lafayette, was initiated as an honorary member. The following pledges are also announced: Robert Adams, Dalton, Mass.; Roger Atkinson, Rockford, 111.; Fred Conklin, Cambridge City; Howard Eckert, New Albany; Robert Hass, West Lafayette; Roland Holloway, Downers Grove, 111.; Donald Kemp, Fort Wayne; Doyle Kilty, Fort Wayne; John North, Richmond; Richard Parkinson, Fort Waype; Lester Robinson, Cumberland, Md.; Fred Rule, Faust, N. Y.; Glenn Pickerel, Indianapolis.
Art Exhibit Represents
Six Centuries Of Painting
Current art exhibit in the music room traces the development of landscape painting from the year 1300 until the present time. The pictures representing the work of 30 artists in eight different schools of thought. j The pictures brought here under the auspices of the Student Union, were obtained from a New York art firm. They will be on exhibit in the music room for the rest of the week.
C. M. Ripley
. . . EE ’04, world traveler, lecturer and engineer of the General Electric Company, discussed means of obtaining more power for the electrical dollar, in an address given before the freshman engineers, Saturday, November 4.
Construction Work On New Mascot To
Begin This Week
Babin And Vronsky To Play For Convo
Are freshmen better or worse university material than they were 10 or 20 years ago? On Tuesday afternoon this question will be answered as far as the schools of engineering Ure concerned. Exactly 20 years ago, in November, 1919, they were examined in arithmetic, algebra, geometry, physics, English, and technical information. Ten years later, in 1929, the freshmen were also tested with the same examinations. Now in 1939, the University will again apply the same intellectual yardstick to see whether there has been any change in the intellectual level of the rhinies.
Construction of the Purdue Mascot will probably begin by the end of tpis week. Reamer Club officers announced last night after a conference with Clinton “Doc” Anderson, Lafayette garage owner who has offered his shop and labor toward the completion of the project.
Tomorrow In Gym
Famous Duo Piano Team
Will Stay For 2 Programs
All freshmen in the schools of engineering will be required to report at 1 p. m. today to the rooms and buildings indicated below: A-O—Fowler Hall. P, Q, R, T, U—Home Economics auditorium. S, V,W, X, Y, Z—EE building 129. Each student must bring a pencil, compass, and ruler. It is of extreme importance that those who take the test report promptly, according to University officials, since the tests are timed.
The drive for funds, which began last Friday afternoon and continued until after the football game Saturday, was successful enough to permit work to be started. Contribution^ totaling $451 have been banked with the University cashier. The tag drive has been suspended indefinitely on the campus, but will be revived at several alumni meetings in the state during the next month to build the total up to an amount which will insure completion of the mascot.
Babin and Vronsky, famed piano duo, will be featured at the convocation tomorrow and Thursday nights in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock. Tickets
Unrestricted Rush
By Sororities Will
Open This Morning
Sophomores, juniors, townspeople, and those holding red season tickets will be admitted tomorrow night; seniors and freshmen, specials and holders of buff tickets on Thursday night. As usual change of evenings may be made at Professor Gimn’s office, 213 Piirdue Hall, or with Miss Stover, 105 Recitation building. The team has been received with favor in many cities throughout the country, and are considered to be among the foremost artists in Hieir field. Both Vronsky and Babin were born in Russia and have only recently been available for programs in the United States. The team has been featured on the Columbia broadcasting system.
Dr. Preston Slosson To
Dr. Preston Slosson of the University of Michigan, inspector for Phi Beta Kappa honorary fraternity, will be the guest of honor at a dinner to be given at 6:30 Thursday evening in the faculty lounge of the Union. The purpose of Dr. Slosson’s visit IS to determine if the University has sufficient qualifications for the founding of a chapter on the campus. All members of Phi Beta Kappa on the campus are expected to attend the dinner and those who have not yet made reservations or who have not been called are asked to call the office of Dean Enders and make reservations before Wednesday noon.
Open rushing of girls who went through formal rush this fall and did not pledge starts this morning when all sororities which have not filled tHeir quotas may begin pledging. At a compulsory meeting held yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge, Frances Raebig, president of Pan-Hellenic Council, and Rufina Sexton, head of rush rules, explained rush activities. The unrestricted rushing, which is being held here for the first time, will continue until February and will be handled in much the same manner as last year’s mid-semester rush.
Met In Berlin
Vitya Vronsky is a graduate of the Conservatory at Kiev, while Viator Babin is a product of the Conservatory at Riga. A few years ago they met in the studio of Arthur Schnabel in Berlin and were later married. Since then they have toured as a two-piano team, first through the continent and then to England and from there to America where they are scheduled for an extensive tour.
Town Trustees Will Meet For Eduiatlon Session
YWCA Membership Drive Scheduled For This Week
Trustees from 150 to 200 townships in the first and second congressional districts are expected to attend a meeting Thursday on the campus to discuss various problems concerning education. President R. W. Fairchild of Hlinois State Normal University will be the principle speaker. His subject will be, “The Trends of Rural Education.”
Prof. Frank C. Hockema will welcome the group, and Dr. F.B. Knight of the division of education and psychology will also address the luncheon meeting Thursday noon. The afternoon will continue with a question and answer period and end with a tour of the campus.
200 Students
. . . faculty, and townspeople attended movies of the Purdue-Santa Clara game in the Union ballroom last night. Narration Was provided by Mai Taube, head backfield coach.
YWCA membership drive, which began yesterday, will continue throughout the week. Representatives will be sent to all rooming houses, residence halls, and ^rority houses to explain YW work and take memberships. Dues of one dollar for the year entitles the members to work on any of the various committees. Committees which make up the YWCA cabinet and their chairmen are: Settlement ho'use, Edna Schwab; social, Ruth Wattleworth; charm school, Bernadette Dygert; worship, Bonnie Swope; campus service, Jane Julian and Sara. Alice McIntosh; publicity, Mary Louise Swaney and Wilma Wierenga; office, Betty Woeffle; membership, Mary Ellen Scarff. The drive will be climaxed with a picnic at the WAA cabin on Thursday, November 9, at which time the new members will have a chance to get acquainted. Those who wish to attend the picnic should be at the women’s gym at 4 o’clock where transportation to the cabin will be provided. The price is 25 cents per person.
Chi Omega—Theta Chi Judged Winners In Homecoming Decorations Contest
By Laura Gregory
Chi Omega soroi-ity and Theta Chi fraternity won the annual home coming decorations contest which is sp/onsored by the Alumni Association. A cup is given to the sorority and fraternity whose decorations are judged to be the most appropriate. Kappa Kappa Gamma, Kappa Sigma, and Phi Gamma Delta received honorable mention.
Iowa Dorm
Chi Omega’s yard represented a dormitory with'll Iowa men relaxing under gold blankets bearing large black “I’s.” Bedside tables, consisting of boxes and crates, had everythingffrom tin alarm clocks to candles in bottles and water pitchers. A large sign back of the cots had white clouds floating by with the scores “Iowa—20; Pm-due—7,” and the words, “They can dream, can’t they?” A train wreck was the theme used by Theta Chi. The Pm-due Limited
had run into an auto labeled “Iowa” and demolished it completely. Junk from the wreck was strewn all over the yard and an Iowa player hung from the sign near the crossing. In one comer another car was tipped over. It was Michigan State, a recently vanquished team. Some Fish Kappa Kappa Gamma had a football player fishing in a blue cellophane fish pond for a fish called Iowa. A sign said “Who’s playing fish?” Kappa Sigma had a barnyard with live chickens and a calf wandering about. At one side stood a silo with hay over the door. Phi Gamma Delta, last year’s wiimer, won honorable mention with a war scene. A “90 per cent bum proof” dugout covered the entrance to the house. Guns were lined up at opposite ends of the yard and Purdue had a tank at its end. Several signs bearing puns were placed in prominent places.\
4
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday* November 7* 1939
Jinudif. JidL Exponent's Platform ... has not been specifically stated for some time. We of the staff have understood it and thus directed our editorial support toward its fulfillment, but probably the majority of the students body have not as yet grasped the significance of the ideals for which we are striving in the University. In each of this week’s papers we will state and explain one point of our five-point platform. Some of the points are old ones that have been ^ handed down to us to complete, but the remainder are new problems that have arisen only recently. We know that to see the completion of our five-point program this year would be nothing short of a miracle. However, it is our hope that we can keep the ball rolling in the general direction of their ultimate completion whether it be this year or in the future. Point No. I . . . will read simply Establish a Marri^e Course in the University. The movement to include classroom instruction on the various phases of marital life has been nation-wide in the last few years. Today Purdue is trailing the field in this respect. Plans for our marriage course are still in committee. In the last few years the need for some instruction of this kind has been filled quite successfully by the series of marital lectures conducted each year at the first of the second semester. It is felt, however, that more students could be reached if the course were included in the regular University curriculum and the student given credit for participation. More sessions could be aiforded this way thereby making it possible to secure as speakers many more authorities on the economic, sociological, legal, and physical aspects of marriage. There is a definite need for some form of serious and organized, yet intimate, discussion of this topic. The Exponent will do everything within its power to bring about a course of this kind as soon as possible, and once begun, to keep it on a practical ahd intimate plane. —R. E. I.
But Incidentally— By Petrov We don’t write the latest dirt m this column, in case you hadn’t noticed up to now. It’s just a matter of policy with us. We never hear any dirt, and if perchance we did, it would probably be moth-eaten by the time it got around to Petrov and Bros. * * * We are especially conscious of our failings as a dirt-rounder-upper when we scan our morning Tribune. The Thomas fight-throwing episode, nicely muddy, is being played for ^very ounce of scandal therein. We just bet that Thomas will soon sell a Story to the Chicago Daily News telling how he took in the Tribune. « * * And there’s no telling where he’ll go from there! * * * Think how easily all this trouble could have been avoided if they had given Harry one of the Purdue Honor pamphlets early in his career. By the way, we saw a boy perusing one of these pamphlets the other day, and we asked him where he got it. « * * He blandly admitted he had swiped it from his roommate’s desk. « III III Speaking of roommates, we had one once who was custodian of a beautiful silver cup awarded annually to the winner of a certain campus contest. As a custodian he was a washout. He used the cup for an ash tray, a receptable for shirt pins, a storing place for empty coke bottles, and anything else that happened to occur to him. We were getting pretty tired of seeing the cup day in and day out when suddenly it vanished. It seems he had taken it back to the contest authorities, on account of how the contest was getting under way. i|> iK il> We were very happy about the whole thing until the contest winners were announced. The boys from our house had won. ♦ Ht * We n^w keep the cup on the mantle in the library, * * And it just holds our poker chips.
By Hank Miller Here’s a situation that was more embarrassing to the sponsor than to the individual involved. As we get the story, Lou Gehrig was appearing as a guest on a breakfast food program. During the show, he was asked what brand of breakfast food he ate to make him so strong and healthy. In his nervousness, he named a rival brand of breakfast food —e-e— “If you can’t lick ’em, sign ’em!” So says Bob Benchley as Jimmy Durante becomes permanent on the show. Jimmy appeared as a guest on the program for four times and then the two of them decided to make it permanent. Three teams of writers are now thinking up lines for them. The program is on at 8 p. m. tonight over WENR. ’ Tomorrow night, Kay Kyser will be m Rocky Mount, N. C., to make a speech at “Rocky Mount’s Kay Kyser Day” celebration. At the same time his new RKO picture, “That’s Right, You’re Wrong,” wiR make its world premiere at the town’s two theaters His regular Wednesday evening program at 8 p m. over WMAQ will come from there as will a special one at 11 p m. —e-e— It’s hard enough to read some of these names that appear in the news these days in regard to the European situation, much less pro-
nounce them. Announcers, after strugghng with them for quite some time have called for help and have gotten it. NBC has prepared a special typewriter which wiU write out all of these names phonetically. It looks something like a cross between a regular typewriter and a linotype machine as it has 90 keys on it, one for each 'Symbol in the international phonetic alphabet. Now all they have to do is learn phonetics. —e-e— Caipera fans will welcome a new series of programs starting over NBC Blue net tomorrow at 9:30. The show’s title is “Adventures in Photography” and will present dramatizations of outstanding episodes in the history of photography and a weekly qmz session dealing with the problems in photography —e-e— ' Tonight at 7 over WENR, Henry Aldrich starts to acquire a cornet via the soap coupon route—abandons the plan to become a motor-
Purduc Exponent B. B. Iiultr W. W. Saaitii Bnsinets Msasaer D. G. Tarrio Editorial SHrestor 6. W. Frederick. JffiaBacbiff Editor B. BI. Antoaini Senior AdreritohiS fifisnaaer G. ScMllinc Co-ed! Editor iL JenMna Sporta Bdtior Phone*t Editorial, MOB; Bnaine**. 6038: Sperto, 2783 PaUhilied dallr ezeept Mondav dttrins the aeademie rear. Entered as aoeond elaaa Butter at the post oSIee in Lafarette, Indiana. nnder the Act ot CoBcrese ot Blareh 8, 1879, and at the speelai rate of postaee provided for fat Section UOS. Act of Oetobeor I. 1917, antboriaed j'aanaxT 80, 192A
boat owner, and winds up in a state of confusion. It’s a new type of humor and is a pleasant half hour of listening. —e-e— If you want to build up your store of alibis, listen to Uncle Walter’s Dog House tonight at 9‘30 through WMAQ The show dramatizes the best alibis sent each week and some of them are lather far fetched, though good. —e-e— 73 for the time being.
MARS TODAY-WEDNESDAY
A tentful of girUgorgeoujs musicel funi TJio 3 M* MuUaKa of Mirth in thd _ grandest, goofiest rc; ar rodeo I
v/th
Florence RICE
* DwIStlT NAT PCNDUETON
SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY THE UNIVERSITY OF BUFFALO A four year cirriculum completed in three calendar years, by means of the quarter plan. (Four quarters of eleven weeks each, to the school year). The dental and medical schools are closely afiiliated, instruction in the basic medical sciences being under the supervision of the medical faculty. Climcal practice of dentistry, in all its varied aspects, is supervised by the dental division, and there is an intimate association with the climes of several hospitals. Periods of internship in two general and one childern’s hospital during the senior year, offering unusual experience in clinical observation, diagnosis, and treatment of dental conditions. Next regular session will start the first week in July 1949. For further information address: The School of Dentistry 25 Goodrich Street Buffalo, New York
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
GRIN AMO BEAR IT
By Uehty
Homecoming, hang-overs, empty wallets, and lack of preps mark the end of a mournful week-end. In the course of the next two weeks there should be loads of dirt being shoveled out and it IS your sacred duty to see that your B & B editor gets hold of it. We are still offering A DOUBLE MARS PASS for the best CONTRIB of the week. The contribs MUST contain names of students to win the passes. Ray Howard can get his PASSES by calling at the west desk in the Union. —B&B— Johnny Fonts, Theta Xi terror, has issued notice that Bonnie Swope of the Chi Omegas is all dated up until the Military Ball . . . after which time he (Fonts) intends to step in the driver’s seat and control Bonnie’s comings and goings . . . pretty confident, Johnny, my boy. —B&B— Imagine how our dear alumns felt Saturday night on entering their old stamping grounds, the “Blue Room” to you, and found an engineering student trying to sell them potatoes ... Dewey, you missed your calling by coming to Purdue. —B&B— We doubt very much if Paul Pauline, Delta Chi fish, holds any love in his heart for alumni ... the story has it that our hero could only hold his date for 45 minutes at the pledge dance until an alumn wolved his wench away from him . . . once *a brother, always a brother, Paul. —B&B— Northwestern Game Flash’ Hear tell that Barbara Hyman has a date for the game with a lad named Bob . .. too bad that the rest of you lads aren’t on the ball in there because Barbara is foot-loose and fancy free (that just means she has no ties). —B&B— ... and a word of advice to those httle (?) girls that play more than one brother in a house ... it just don’t pay off, Jean. She who makes two dates with two brothers on two nights can only keep one of them at a time.
Follow Tour “EXPONENT OP THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:16
Come to the PURDUE RALLY NOV. 10—Eve of the Northwestern game at the BLACKHAWK Chicago Dance to JOHNNY “SCAT” DAVIS and his orchestra
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Saymg Dat^tsts (hun^eous’ four DAUGHTERS”
JOHN GAFUILLD daude Rains Jeffrey Lynn Fay Ba nler Donald Cr sp May Robson • Frsnk McHugh Dele Foran ani WE FOUR DAUOIfTERfi PRISCILLA LANL • ROSPMARY LAN! LOLA IANE•CALE PAGE —PLUS— America's Ace of the Airways in the Thrill Drama of the Year! Col. Roscoe Turner IN FLIGHT AT MIDNIGHT — WITH — Phil Reagan — Jean Parker
' '» '”iJ Ib
Svtth
tm. tut, V. a. Fat oil.—AO
Slow down, Gert—ain’t you got no respect for age
r»
1 WBAA I Today 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—Sam Hamilton, pianist 11:30—The Home Makers 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Russ Graefnitz, pianist 12:16—Music Box 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Old Irish Airs 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—Electrical Shops. I 1:30—Dream Favorites 1:46—Market Reports 2‘00—American Legion Auxiliary 2:16—^Virginia Reed, violinist 2 30—^You and Your Child 2:46—Treasure Chest 3 00—The Voice of Industry / 3.15—Paul Mitchell 3 30—Glenn Paxton 4:00—Heralds of Destiny 4 16—Exponent of the Air 4 30—Romney High School Girls’ Sextette 4 46—Story Book Hour
MAMS —ONE DAY onlymatinee AND NIGHT SAT. NOV. 18
A GEORGE ABBOTT HITI
stanlaa OiMeiCiE mmm nK X'llh PRANK McQLVNN JOSEPHINE DUNN • CYRIUA DORNC • A Stage Play • DIRECT FROM BROADWAY MAIL ORDERS HOW
ADM.
Mat. 55-83-1.10^1.65-2.00 Eve. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2 50 —Tax Included—
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LLOYD C. DOUGLAS' greaf novel of love against science is the screen's greatest heart-thrill!
II
DISPUTED PASSAGE" A Paramount Picture with DOROTHY LAMOUR AKIM TAMIROFF JOHN HOWARD
Ruby Clark
. . . associate professor of institution management in the Home Economics school, will be one of the judges in the vegetable plate preparation contest at the Northern Indiana Muck Crops show, which will be held November 8 to 10 in Nappannee. County winners will take part in an elimination contest November 9, and the three highest will compete in the finals, Friday, November 10.
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
— AND — 'BIG TOWN CZAR' — WITHBARTON McLANE TOM BROWN —Also — "RED BARRY"
lwa TODAY - WEDNESDAY A Story of the "Hight Have Been' That Happens To Every Girl!
IRENE
CHAHIES
mmi eovEit
'Ottslow Stevens
PLUS—2nd Feature while the world Sts ON A POWDER keg... THEY CHASE fl, DAME!
irA
V ^
< 4Tuesday^ November T, 1939
£xponiunL Spo^dJu fiaqsL
Wildcats Hit Victory Trail After Losing Two Games By Stew Marquis Has the highly-publicized Bill DeCorrevont finally hit his stride? Are Northwestern's Wildcats as strong as pre-sea^n dopesters predicted they’d be? These two questions have been botjiering Midwest grid experts and Northwestern fans in particular.
V^ildcats' Best Ground-Gainer
Picked as the one team to contend with Michigan for top honors in the Western Conference race, the Wildcats met a powerful Oklahoma combination in their season’s opener and fell by the wayside, 23-0. Next they faced Ohio State’s up-and-com-ing Buckeyes and were again whitewashed, 13-0. Beat Badgers, Illini Then, fired by a strong editorial in the Northwestern student daily, the Wildcats hit the comeback trail and whipped Wisconsin, 13-7. The following week the Northwestern team wallopped Bob Zuppke’s astonishing Blini, 13-0. Then last Saturday as a climax to their steady upward climb, the Wildcats journeyed up to one of 'football’s major strongholds, Minneapolis, and came back with a 14-7 victory over the Golden Gophers. Eemember, those were the Gophers who battled the Riveters to a deadlock. DeCorrevont Breaks Loose Bottled up throughout October, Bill DeCorrevont, the most widely publicized prep player in the history of football, finally broke loose Saturday and showed the Minnesota team and fans that it wasn’t all just publicity. Bill set up the first Wildcat touchdown early in the second period. He sparked two Wildcat marches of 78 and 64 yards both of which were stopped within the Gopher five-yard line. Then with slightly more than four minutes to go, Bill was put back in the game. Northwestern had the ball on their own 39 and the score was tied at 7-7. Bill’s signal was called on the first play. He calmly took
the ball, flashed through his right tackle, eluded three ip,mbitious Gophers and raced 61 yards to the goal line for the game-winning touchdown. Northwestern’s entire team, which didn’t seem to have their heart in those first two games, is now blocking and tackling with determination. Those Wildcats niay not be quite as strong as their preseason publicity played them up, but they’re plenty tough. More Headliners DeCorrevont isn’t the only headliner in the Northwestern backfield. Long before Bill came along little 01116 Hahnenstein was sparking Wildcat attacks with his fleet end sweeps and off tackle slants. Paul Soper, who led the Northwestern team in its victory over Illinois, completes a very classy trio of left halfbacks. At right halfback Ployd Chambers, who’d rather knock down an enemy tackier than eat or sleep, carries most of the burden. But Coach Lynn Waldorf has such able veterans as Ike Kepford, Iggy Mesec, and Don Kruger to take over at blocking back. Clawson Top Scorer Don Clawson, hard driving fullback, is the Wildcats’ leading scorer and second only to Michigan’s Harmon in the Big Ten scoring race. It was he that drove over for the first Wildcat score of the year against Wisconsin. He added another one against the Badgers, one at Illinois, and another Saturday at Minneapolis. Backing him up are George McGum, Francis Purcell, and George Benson.
New Cues— ^ on RECREATION during SPARE TIME. I The BILLIARD ROOM affords Instructors who will give FREE INSTRUCTIONS to those who wish to Learn or IMPROVE their GAME J/UL fiWvduSL TthtnuydaL 'Union, The Comer of the CampusYeC the Center of Activities
Quarterbacking for the Wildcats is ably handled by one of the best field-general trios in the conference. Dick Richards, who seems to be in Lsmn Waldorf’s favor at present, led the Northwestern team to victory over the Gophers. Nick Conteas and Jack Ryan are the other brain truster^ on the Wildcat squad. Strong At Ends Northwestern’s first string ends leave little to be desired. Bob Daly and Ted Grefe could probably hold down wing positions on almost ^y team in the country. Theeeywo boys are spelled by A1 Bn^erus,Jay Laskay, Jim Smith, jmd Tim Herrman. Come Aarts andJfUck Cutlich are the burly pair of tackles who ripped holes in the Gopher line. Time after time they stopped the powerful Minnesota backs at the lino of scrimmage. Alf Baumann, Fred Dahlkamp, Frank Young, and Leon Cooke are their replacements. Method, Liddell At Guard At the all-important guard posts
Hal Method and Jim Liddell are Waldorf’s first choices. Joe Lokanc, Merrill Heaggy, Don Guritz, John Goldak, and George Zorich are close behind. John Haman is definitely the Wildcat starter at center. His passes are acciirate, he rips open holes for Wildcat line bucks, and he backs up the Northwestern line with a vengeance. The reserves at center are Paul Hiemonz and Don Johnson. From their decided improvement during the past three weeks, it seems that the Wildcats are hitting their stride. Have they hit that comeback trail for good? That’ll be up to the Boilermakers who will face this rejuvenated Northwestern team Saturday. TOUCHBALL—TODAY (Rescheduled games) Field Official 3— Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. Brinduse 4— Delta Chi vs. Theta Tau Luce 6“—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Beta Theta Pi. Chaffee 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. _ McGrath 7— ^Theta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Mann 8— ^Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Adams 9— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon. Close
Why Gordon was Elected 1,499,673 to 8
In every campus poll the Arrow Gordon wins in a walk. Six reasons why:
1. Its basketweave fabric Is sturdy and a bear for long wear. In white, colors, and fancy patterns. 2. Its Arrow collar is packed with tailoring perfection and authentically styled for college men. 3. Being Sanforized-Shrunk (its fabric shrinkage Is less than 1%). A new shirt free if one ever shrinks. 4. The Mitoga cut is shaped to fit the torso (broad shoulders — narrow waist). 5. Its anchored buttons— take a 40 lb. pull. 6. Its birthright Is Arrow— and that means In simple language, smarter style, better fit, and longer wear. Join the Arrow landslide for as little as $2. ARROW SHIRTS COLLARS . . . TIES i! . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
(Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
■Riveters Elude Injury Jinx; Point For Northwestern Overthrowing the injury jinx which has been “rearing its ugly head” in the Boilermaker grid camp since even before the first pigskin hit the turf in Ross-Ade Stadium to mark the beginning of the 1939-1940 season, the Riveter squad is for the first time at its full strength with every member of the squad sans important injuries.
Paul Soper, fleet Wildcat halfback, was forced to play second fiddle to DeCorrevont as Northwestern trounced the Golden Gophers Saturday, but he still ranks as the Wildcats’ most consistent ground-gainer with an average of slightly over seven yards on each attempt.
Last of the injured to return to the active list was Felix Mackiewicz, stellar right end who has been suffering from an ankle injury for the past two weeks. Mackiewicz redonned his uniform for yesterday’s practice and is expected to be back in his early season top-notch form as the gun sounds for the beginning of next Saturday’s game with the Wildcats of Northwestern. Hold Contact Scrimmage Coach Mai Elward seized the opportunity of having an injury-free squad in yesterday afternoon’s practice, as he ran the team through the first extended scrimmage session which the squad has had for over three weeks. No full length scrimmages have been held since the Minnesota game, as the physical condition of the squad has not merited the benefits attained by the sessions at the cost of adding to the list of men already on the injured list. Elward is hopeful that the contact work in the scrimmages this week will put the squad back on their early season mettle in both offense and defense. The Riveters’ offense in the Santa Clara game and the disastrous Iowa game, averaging less than two yards a crack, has been far less effective than the better than four-yard average which was so effective in holding the Irish of Notre Dame to a measly field goal, in tying the Golden Gophers of Minnesota, and in squelching the Spattan attack from Michigan State. Protect That Kicker! In addition to the scrimmage held during yesterday’s practice, considerable time was devoted to the protection of the punter, that disasv trous nemesis which has caused the Riveters’ defeat in the past two games. With a record of having no blocked punts during intercollegiate games for over five years preceding the Santa Clara jaunt, the Boilermakers turned about face during their past two conflicts, having three iJunts blocked in the two melees, each one res.ulting in a victory
score for the opposing team. Coach Elward, although far from satisfied with Saturday’s jagged performance, commended a number of the players on their performance, notably Leon DeWitte, Basil Petty, and halfback Jack Brown, for his great work in pass defense. Melton T<| Left Guard Tommy Melton, sophomore guard who returned to the squad last week following a rest caused by injuries, has been shifted to the left side of the line as understudy to iron man Frank Bykowski. Bykowski, along with lanky end Dave Rankin, has gone the 60-minute route in three of the squad’s first five contests. With Melton on the left side of the line, the brimt of the right tackle assignments will fall on the shoulders of Jack Winchell and Jim Miller. A1 Rossi, right tackle, by virtue of his creditable showing daring the past two Saturdays, has be«i shifted to the first eleven. In the backfield Jim Welsch, left half, and John Petty, fullback, are e3q)ected to see a lot of action this week and also in the battle with the Wildcats. Sophomore John Galvin, former Leo High school star who was Bill DeCorrevont’s outstanding rival in Chicago prep school circles, is also slated for a crack at the red-hot Northwestern team. Campus Walkers Will Compete Tomorrow All campus eds with a fast step, a long stride, or a lot of endurance, will have a chance to exhibit their walking prowess in the aU-campus walking race tomorrow afternoon at 4:15. Each contestant must walk around the course on intramural field three times, or a distance of two and a half miles. Awards will be given to the first three men to cross the finish line.
Don’t Be-
■Caught ^^Short”
Just 4 More Days to get your *4.00— l%o (DebJoA, Complete Campus Coverage
99' I ifW 1f ^
¥W:'^a-#f;;;-f:|4.im!^
%
Ar
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# November 7. 1939
Varsity Net Squad Scrimmages With Fresh Hopefuls Pointing toward a stiff 20-game schedule, the vai’sity basketball squad is now entering their third week of pre-season conditioning. With a nucleus of his embryo team built around nine major lettermen of last year, Coach Waid Lambert IS also depending on five of last season’s minoi lettermen, and about 20 sophomores who proved their worth on the frosh squad last year. , Scrimmage With Frosh Nearly a month away from the opening game, Lambert’s hopefuls have started scrimmage sessions against the frosh, and although the varsity’s form is far from perfection, streaks of scoring brilliance have been noticed. Of course, the freshmen are seriously handicapped by lack of practice as a unit. Hitherto, the practices have been spent in goal shooting and fundamentals. However, they flash some steady ball handling and occasionally exhibit some first-rate basket shooting, although many of them are not thoroughly acquainted with the Lambert fast-breaking style of game. Western State Teachers In the opening contest on December 7 against Western State Teachers, the Boilermakers will begin their campaign for another season with a winning percentage of over .500, because during the past decade Riveter basketball teams have not had a losing season. Some of the men who will possibly see action in the opener are Fisher, Igney, Blanken, Bosse, Lorenz, and Sprowl at forward positions; Weber, Nutsell, and Swartz, centers; Beretta, Yeager, Vernon, Hez’schelman, and Tierney, guards. Hoof And Horn Will Sponsor Exposition Little international livestock exposition Will be held in the livestock judging pavilion of the University farm at 7:30, Wednesday evening, November 15. This show, which is sponsored by Hoof and Horn, honorary animal husbandry club of University students, is designed to give faculty, students, and friends a preview of the livestock to be shown at the International Livestock Show in Chicago, December 2 to 9. Shirley Stadstad Marries Edward Jacobi, Purdue '39 Miss Shirley Stadstad of Neenah, Wis., became the bride of Edward B. Jacobi of Neenah, ’39 Purdue graduate and member of Triangle fraternity, on October 14. After Mr. and Mrs. Jacobi’s return from a wedding trip through the South and East, they will be at home in Neenah. Mr. Jacobi is associated with the Kimberly-Clark Corporation as engineer.
iZfi. Amdif! HAYWOOD'S PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARD BOOK
New, clever, smart . refreshing different! These Rytex Cards with their fine paper and matching envelopes . . . are the utmost value in Christmas Cards!
50 for $1
Including Your Name on Each Card and 50 Envelopes to match.
HAYWOOD’S — 5th and Ferry —
Mackiewicz
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. as.
Undersrradaate Dames: There will be a meeting at 7:80 Tuesday evening, November 7, m room F of the Union building. —DENZLER
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Meet room 105, Fieldhouse, Wednesday, November 8, at 7:80 p. m. —MARGOLIS Student Senate: Meeting of the Handbook Committee in room A at 4:80 p. m. TuesdayNovember 7. —^WISE
To All Students: Meeting in Agriculturalist office at 4 :15 p. m. Wednesday, November 8, for anyone interested in pledging Alpha Phi Omega. ■—CROXALL
Independent Staff: Dog for this week’s issue will be on bulletin board in office after 4 p. m Tuesday, November 7. Night editor, Selkowitz; issue editor, Hess; copy reader, Griffin. Deadline on copy is 9:30 p. m. Wednesday, November 8 —SELKOWITZ
Co-ed Debate Sguad: Meet in room 801 of University Hall on Tuesday, November 7. at 4 p. m. —WINCH
PIA Dance Class: Meet Tuesday evening, November 7, at 7 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium instead of Thursday as announced. —LUTZ
Purdue Sportswomen: Important meeting at 5 p m Tuesday, November 7, in WAA office Compulsory attendance. —MATHER
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. Tuesday, November 7, in room A of the Memorial Union. Everyone be present. —MITCHELL
PIA Co-ed and Ed Workers: Repprt to office Tuesday, November 7, at 7 :16 p. m. for informal Debris picture —MYER
CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 301 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please consult me at once. —SONESON
Student Senate: Meeting of the Extracurricular Activity Committee in room A at 4 p. m Tuesday, November 7 Very important —WISE
Plying Club: Regular business meeting Wednesday, November 8 at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union building. All new membe^ must turn in their propellers. —KIMBALL
. .. stellar right end who has been out with a bad ankle for the past two weeks. He is expected to be back in form for the Northwestern game Saturday. One of the promising freshmen on the Indiana yearling squad this season is Paul Davis, from Lowell, kid brother of Corby Davis, AllAmerican fullback at Indiana in 1937.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE TYPEWRITBBS—All makes, staadaid and portable, sold, purohaaed, rented and repaired. New portable maeUnes aa lew u $29.76. SuppUes. C. F. Ebersboff, 6M Main Street
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Yellow gold Elgin wristwatch Reward Call R E Klein, 31761
LOST—Green Barapaca topcoat in Recitation building Call 46853. Reward
LOST—Two Noithwestern game tickets in brown envelope Call Dunshee, 6089. Reward
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin at pep session Friday, between Union and Stewart Field Call Thomson, 3301. Reward.
LOST—Black leather notebook somewhere on campus or in the Union. ReWard Call Carter, 2390
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin on Saturday night Gall 3301, Bausman. Reward
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic . DR. PAUL A. RISK 1 DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Main Phona 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119^2 Vine W. Lafayette ' Phone 4965
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Florists
• Tailor
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phan* 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• jewelers
• Dine
R. C. EiSENiACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
MODERN PROGRESS . . . requires better Personal Appearance. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly. All Wool Garments are moth-proofed by MONITE moth-proof service. No extra charge. N E C L E AN E R8 OF FINE CLOTHES
Headlines That Make News
Hair dresses by our experts are sure to attract attention for their beauty and individual becoming style no matter where you appear. Get one of the most attractive, distinctive hair styles of the season.
Puritan Water Softeners
Insures Soft Water Always LOEB A HENE COMPANY
3 Outstanding Hair Stylists 10 Efficient Beauticians
SsauJbi^ SedotL Phone 7901
Triton Club: Ijkleet Tuesday, November 7, 7:80 p. m. at Women’s Gym. —SPl^ARS Christian Science: Regtflar meeting will be held Tuesday, November 7, at 7 tSO p. m. in room C. —^FRANTZREB
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Pay initiation fees ($20) to H G. Kolb, 103 University street, before Sunday 8 p. m. —^KOLB
Cany Craft Class: Will meet Wednesday, November 8, at 4 p. m. -FRASER
Glider Club: Meeting ’Thursday, November 9, 7:16 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MILLER
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 801 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —BOLZ
Ceres: Regular meeting of aetiVes and pledges at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 7, in old Agriculturist office in Union. —MICKEY
V(
YWCA Cabinet: Meet Tuesday, November 7, at 4 p. m. All cabinet members please be present. —COOLEY
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in the reception room of the Union on Tuesday, November 7, at 7:30 p. m. —CORNELL
YWCA Publicity CommitteeThere Will be a meeting of ray committee in the women’s lounge on Tuesday, November 7, at 4 p. m. —SWANEY
,Ag Chemists: Regular meeting Wednesday, November 8, at 7:30 in the Ubrairy of the Ag Chem building. Refreshments. —HARPERS
Committee of 100: Communion service 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 7, at West Lafayette Baptist Church. —GLEASON
"WE’VE GOT THE BEST”
The finest of meats are those captured by our discernlng buyers. They choose the most tempting of tasty meats to insure your complete enjoyment at the dinner table.
CITY MEAT and POULTRY
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
Prefer 4FOLD SPORTOWN WOOL TIES •. . fhey know they can wepr them hard all day and the wrinkles will evaporate overnight . . . they prefer the rich Autumn color blends in "Fashion’s Favorite" patterns . . . they like the soft, durable worsted fabrics made in the exclusive, patented world-famous 4FOLD CONSTRUCTION .. . you, too, will join the 'Men Who Know" when you see our selection of 4FOLD SPORTOWN WOOL TIES. Made by hand in U. S. A.
4fOlD _ ’ UJC3DITI£$* Loeh Men Shop
t [
IS