‘ f, X X.
., ,, „< ''^',>,t ’Vy v^”'t*)*./ " ‘ ■“ -' f<i‘" ^ i) / ^ V '•■• , " ' r
-ifl
•% j
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy, snow or rain today and tomorrow; colder tomorrow.
Purdue Exroneiit
TDES0AY Januory 17.1939 Lafayette. IiKtiana VoL 50 No. 94
«4W
Indiana Wins In Close Battle, 39 - 36
University Makes PlansTo Train Fifty Student Fliers Official word from Washington’s Civil Aeronautics Authorityyesterday informed University authorities that Purdue would be able to give 50 specially selected students enough flight training next semester to qualify them for private pilot’s li-
censes.
This project will be the initial demonstration phase of a CAA program which proposes to train 20,000 pilots annually. Students to be eligible for this training must be able to pass a physical examination to qualify for a commercial pilot’s license 9,nd must be unmarried and between the ages of 18 and 25. Girls
are not eligible. Book Exchange Will Open Jan. 31 In Union Ballroom
Third Student Book Exchange will open in the Union ballroom Tuesday, January 31, according to an announcement by Sully Mason, chairman of the Book Exchange board of control. The hours of operation will be 10:00 a. m. to 8:00 p. m. daily except Sunday. Continuing for one week only, the Book Exchange will close its doors on Tuesday, February 7. As in the past, volunteer student workers will make the services of the Book Exchange available to all Purdue Students without charge. Exchanges Successful The fii’st Student Book Exchange which was launched as a non-profit student service at Purdue just one year ago, sold 1,405 Books, valued at $2,443.00 and was acclaimed a glorious success by the five thousand students who visited the new enterprise. Last September, at the beginning of the present school year, the Book Exchange again operated, this time handicapped by the fact that the June graduates were not here to legister their used texts for sale and further handicapped by inadequate advance publicity. Despite these apparent disadvantages, the Second Purdue Book Exchange surpassed the previous record by selling 1,574 books for a total of'"$2,776.16. Responsibility for the third Student Book Exchange rests in a Board of Control composed of E. S. Mason, chairman; H. I. Stanback, secretary; Thais Crepps, records manager; C. G. Elliott, receiving manager; and R. A. Buckles, publicity director. J. T. Donovan will again be cashier. Register Books "fhose in charge of the Book Exchange request that all students who intend to sell used text books through the Exchange register them during the first day of operation, Tuesday, January 31. No books will be offered for sale until noon Wednesday, February 1. Students may set their own price on all books which they wish to sell, although receiving clerks are instrqcted to advise a reasonable figure based on the age and condition of the book. Only those books which will be used in the second semester courses will be accepted by the Book Exchange, and no commission will be charged for handling the transactions. Trustees To Let Contrad
For Music Hall Tomorrow The contract for construction of the Music Hall will be let at the meeting of the board of trustees tomorrow morning. Accoi'ding to David E. Ross, the chairman of the board, companies placing bids will be unknown until the meeting opens. Routine business of the board will also be taken up at this meeting.
Several schools throughout the country will participate in this demonstration phase which begins here February 6. Purdue will get the lion’s share of 50 out of the entire
nation’s quota of 300. Committee In Charge
University a^uthorities have already set up a Coordinating Committee to take care of the selection of students and the administration of the new course. Captain L. I. Aretz, lessee of the University Airport, heads the committee which consists of Dean A. A. Potter, G. S. Meikle, Prof. G. A. Young, Dr. J. E. Walters, Prof. K. D. Wood, Prof. F. C. Hockema, Controller R. B. Stewart, and Dr. F. B, Knight. This committee will go to work immediately with the idea of selecting 75 students by the end of January to go before U, S. Army doctors who will give the formal physical examination. Application blanks and full information are to be made available to all University graduate and undergraduate students in the offices of Prof. G. A. Young and Dr. J. E. Walters. They must be filled out and turned in together with the students’ tentative schedule card for next semester be-
fore 4 p. m. January 20.
(Continued on page 4)
2Sth Annual Road School To Convene Here January 23-27 Celebrating their silver anniversary January 23 to 27, the Purdue University Road School will convene on the campus to take up current problems of construction, design, and maintenance of Indiana highways together with the increasing requirements of traffic, it was announced by Prof. Ben H. Petty, chairman of highway engineering. Talbert Abrams, president of the Abrams Aerial Survey, Lansing, Mich., will talk on a modern phase of highway work when he discusses, “Aerial Surveys foi Highway Builders.” Other speakers include: J. L. Lingo, director of the Public Safety Institute at Purdue; A1 H. Wynkoop, city editor of the Lebanon Reporter, Lebanon; W. J. Boatright, engineer of specifications of the State Highway Commission; H. E. Surman, engineer of design of the Illinois State Highway Commission. Governor M, Clifford Townsend will be the main speaker at the anniversary banquet to be held Thursday night in the Union. This banquet annually is attended
by more than 600.
Dr. W. K: iTatt, former head of the Civil Engineering school, founded the Road School in 1913 when he called a conference on Civil Engineering. A similar conference was held the following year, and with -JJifiJjegislaturels^sationjjf the of-
Civil Aeronautics Authority Washington, D. C. January 14,1939 Mr. Frank C. Hockema Acting President Purdue University Lafayette, Indiana Dear Mr. Hockema: Because of the pioneer work it has done in aeronautical education, your institution has been selected by the Civil Aeronautics Authority as one of a small group of colleges and universities in which to give the Authority’s proposal for the annual training of 20,000 new civilian pilots a practical tryout. The demonstration phase of our program is to be carried out during the second semester of the current school year, and is expected to give 3Q0 specially selected students between 18 and 25 throughout the nation sufficfent flight training by next June to qualify them for private pilot certificates. The quota allotted to your school is 50. In connection with the actual flight training program, the Authority is instituting a special controlled-instruction course diflfering materially from the general training now required for a private pilot’s license, though generally similar to that required in flying schools whose curricula have been formally approved by the Authority. This course calls for an initial period of eight hours dual instruction plus nine hours of dual check time by the instructor, and 18 hours of solo flying time for the student, the dual check time to alternate with the student’s solo flying on the basis of 30 minutes check time for each solo hour. It is felt that this type of instruction not only will result in a much higher degree of safety than now exists in private flight instruction where such supervision is not exercised, but that it will enable all candidates to pass with ease the required test for a private pilot’s certificate at the end of 35 hours instruction. Very truly yours, (signed) Edward J. Noble, Chairman. Editoi’s note The above paragraphs were taken from a letter received here yesterday by Professor Hockema from the Civil Aeronautics Authority, Washington, D C. Additional information may be found in other stories in this issue of the Exponent.
Alpha Zeta Men Will Banquet, Hear Prof. \ Murphy At6 Tonight Gathering in the reception room of the Union for a banquet at 6 this evening, about 50 active and faulty members of Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary fraternity, will hear Prof. Frank Hall of the department of history, economics, and government. ' Also on the program, according to Don Glover, honorary member in charge of the banquet, is Vernon Hitchcock. Hitchcock atterfded the biannual conclave of the fraternity held in Atlantic City during the Christmas vacation and will tell fellow members something of the activities in progress at the present time in other Alpha Zeta chapters. “The chapter plans to sponsor such banquets as this at infiequent intervals in order that the many alumni on the University staff and student members can become better acquainted,” stated President Stonaker last night.
Record Group Of 229 Students Registered For Ag Short Course University’s annual eight week Winter Short Courses in agriculture got under way yesterday with a record number of students registering. The 229 that signed for the work broke a record that has stood since 1914, although at the time home economics was included in the coufce. Acting Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman met with the group for the first time yesterday afternoon when he outlined the general course of procedure followed in administrating the eight-week course. He also gave the Shorthorns other information of interest to the students while they are on the campus. Almost every part of the state is represented in the four lines of study being offered: animal husbandry, 79 students; general agriculture, 60 students; dairy production 57 students ;and dairy manufactures, 33 students.
Finals!-It's The Zero Hour -Time To Start Burning That Midnight Oil
By John Traugott Finals, finis . . in these two short words the histoiy of the first semester IS wiitten ... wiitten in a cheerful note for those few eccentrics who can substitute exemption for the word finals; foi the other 99 and 44/100% of us, it’s just a chance to show the piofs we know as much as those exempt . . . ? Flora the 19th till the<28th, the thiee houi inquisitions go on in full blast. The inquisitors, the profs, instiuctois, and assistants en masse
Boblgney...
Riveters' Last Half Rally Falls Short As Andres, Bob Igney Take Scoring Honors
By Bob McDonald
Bloomington, Ind., Jan. 16,1939—^Playing their best game of the season, the battling Boilermaker basketball team tasted bitter defeat at the hands of a brilliant Indiana squad here tonight by the score of 39-36, when their last half rally fell just short of victory in the final few minutes of a hard fought contest played in the characteristic rough and tumble style
of Hoosierdom.
Matching the big crimson squad basket for basket from the field, the outcome of the game was decided from the foul line with Indiana chalking up three more points than Purdue by this method. Big Ernie Andres, Indiana’s All-Conference guard, led his team to victory with a grand total of fifteen points. Little Bob Igney, outweighed by every man on the Indiana squad, won the appreciation of the capacity crowd by his brilliant defensive work and aggressiveness. Taking all the punishment that the big I. U. team could dish out, Igney was the spark of the Boilermaker offensive, leading his team mates in the scoring by a total of 13 points. Behind from the outset of the contest, Purdue finally broke into the lead at 33-32 with nine minutes still left in the ball game, but Ernie Andres immediately recovered for I. U. with a long shot from the field. Shortly after. Gene Anderson received his fourth foul of the game and Purdue was unable to regain the lead. Andres again scored with two minutes left to play and
put the game on ice.
In the closing minutes of the contest, the tired Purdue team was unable to break up the Indiana stall and the game ended with the score 39-36 in favor of the crimson squad. Purdue (36) B. F. P. Igney, f 5 3 1 Fisher, f 2 2 2 Zink, f ! 0 0 0 Anderson, c . ... 2 2 4 Beretta, g 1 0 3 Dickinson, g 2 0 3 Herschelman, g . 1 1 1 Yeager, g 0 2 0
. . . atomic Boilermaker forward, who led the attack against Indiana’s Cream and Crimson last night by
gamering 13 points.
Totals Indiana (39) Johnson, f Armstrong, f .. Dro, f W. Menke, c . Andres, g Huffman, g .... Shaffer, g R. Menke, g Totals
13 13 12
come under *the head of meicy killings. Time To Prepare Folks One consoling fact is that one and all will have two months in which to piepa’re the folks at home. So, when the officials lesults are mailed to parents sometime in March, no one can complain that the lull was not long enough to prepare for the storm. On the matter of preparing for these tortuous hours, opinion is
fice of county highway superintendent in 1916, the conference was named a school. Year by year the various highway organizations have gradually been offering their cooperation. Legislative amendments to the 1916 act from time to time required attendance more and more of county road offlcials'iintil today the annual attendance ranges close to 1,000 with every county in the state represented.
give vent to one last effort to bring to an honoiable close a full semester. In all this sadism, however, a note of humanitarianism does occasionally find its way. Dr. P. D. Martin, professor, pundit, and humor element of the chemistry department, for instance, has exempt not only his white hopes but also his hopeless freshmen lads who already have strong D’s. This might possibly
widely divergent. The accepted formula seems to be to let nature take its course until the zero hour, and then cram, cram, and cram on into the night. Comes the dawn and the test, and if one’s overburdened brain is not too fog-tied, all should theoretically go well... three hours to sleep. At odds with this school of thought, howevet^.are most of the (Continued on page 4)
Frosh Take Out Thirty Petitions Thirty petitions for freshmen senate had been turned in last evening at 5 o’clock. Of this number 16 were from engineering school, five from science, four from home economics, one from physical ed., and two from the school of agriculture. The Senate elections committee urges more freshmen to take out petitions, particularly in the schools in which the number is low. At registration eleven senators wiU be chosen, six from the engineering school and one from each of the other schools. Petitions may be obtained ^t the Senate office but may be turned in either there or at the Union desk. The office will be open from 4 to 5 today and tomorrow. The deadline for returns is set at 5:30 p. m. to-
Radio Club... . . . will meet today at 7:30 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building to hear Paul H. Reedy speak on frequency syncronization of several transmitters. Reedy is a member of the EE staff, and completed a thesis on the work only last spring.
Pest Control Group Registers Here For Third Conference Over 75 persons representiiiig many sections of the country were registered yesterday as the third annual Purdue pest control operators’ conference gets under way and goes into the second day of the scheduled five-day meeting. Acting Dean V. C. Freeman of the school of agriculture welcomed the group to the University, while J. J. Davis, head of the University’s entomology department, outlined the major problems under consideration. This conference, which has been an annual event at the University for three years, was one of the first of its kind to be held in the United States. The conference has grown each year after being organized upon the request of Professor Dav-
is.
More than 100 persons are expected to register before the end of the conference. Nearly all states in the north central region and many of the east central region are represented at the conference. Pest control operators from Texas, Tennessee, and some of the western states are already represented. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University, will act as toastmaster at the anni^^l banquet which will be held Thursday evening. AIEE Will Sponsor 'Split Second' Movies “Seeing the Unseen,” a technical movie, will be presented today at 4 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building by the AIEE. Latest methods of taking split second pictures were used in the making of this film. The method and filming was developed at Massachusetts Institute of Techonolggr. Exposures of a millionth of a swoood were used in filming super-fast action.^dikhiid.
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
^PfltuhOA.
Tuesday, January 17,1939
'
k
Formal Notification...
. . . came through to University authorities yesterday that Purdue will have the privilege of training 50 students to fly. Training them to fly will mean a comprehensive ground study course in general aeronautics and navigation .., and a 35 to 50 hour flying program which will qualify students for a private pilot’s license.
Sponsoring the program is the government’s Civil Aeronautics Society, which hopes in the near future to be able to similarly train 20,000 new civilian pilots per year. This Authority will pay the University a sum of $250 per student to cover charges of instructors and flying expense. The money this year will come'from NYA funds; later it probably will be otherwise financed.
The Civil Aeronautics Authority recommends that a laboratory fee of $20 be charged each student to cover costs of $3,000 worth of insurance for the training period. Purdue has set up a $25 fee for this purpose and has also added another $25 fee for the ground school courses, ME 93 and ME 94. We understand that this latter fee will be used to pay for the cost of running these additional two classes for the lucky 50 men.
Ordinarily the cost for a training course similar to the one Purdub will give would cost $300 at a reputable flying school. Students here will how be able fo get it for $50. This will be indeed a bargain for the lucky 50.
On the other hand, however, the necessity for the extra $25 ground course fee (which the CAA did not recommend) seems rather doubtful. We understand that any of this money which is not u&ed up by the course expense will go toward investigation into best methods of conducting the flying course. Also we have been told that the extra expense wfll be necessary next semester because there is no time to put through a University appropriation to pay for the two or three extra class sections.
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor —D. A. Bailey Associate Editors. ..G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson " BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. — W. F, Berg Sales Manager. - V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager _ H. W. Nevin Accotmts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 RBPRB8BNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y. CHicAao Boston Los Anssles - San Diancisco This newspaper is written, edited, _and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials arc written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Ahlf Tuesday, January 17, 1939
Perhaps that justifies the charge for this semester. In any event we hope that students in following semesters will not have a $25 string tied to their gift from the government. The insurance charge should be stood by the student, since it will be he and only he who will benefit by it. However, this charge also should be waived in the case of a student who already has taken out sufficient insurance.
Use of NYA funds for training the 300 future flyers will reduce money available for needy students by $75,000. That is not an appalling figure for this year, but NYA money certainly should not be used when 20,000 pilots are being trained.
Refrigerator Car Experts Convene Here To Oytline
New Insulation Experiments
Like Marie Antoinette waiting to be beheaded, like Napoleon struggling against the English, like the famed Humpety-Dumpety waiting for a fall—so do we feel these last few hours before the groping monster known as Finals seizes and destroys us. This is the last day of grace—our free time is measured in hours now. But the kiddies are still playing around the Union. We took a quick trip through the Sweet Grill, and Card Room. The atmosphere was free from tension despite impending disaster. We like that spirit—just shows you that you kain’t beat fun. —H-H— Copies of New Year’s Resolutions are still drifting in to us. Here’s a short but explicit bit of future planning: 1. I will not drink alcohol in any form dm-ing the year ’39. 2. I will lose 20 pounds of weight (no more pretzels). Note: Please cooperate with me in this matter, and do not put the stuff before me, because you know how I am. —H-H— Social events scheduled for the next week are practically nil. There will be a Mixer Saturday night in the Union. However, the month of February seems to be the time set for formal week-ends, what with the .Miami Triad, Inteffi-aternity Ball, and Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance following in quick succession. It sounds good. —H-H—
ft seems ThaUYhe^ trouble with the youth of today is that they have all been out the night befoie And our trouble is that at times we feel that inferiority complex which dates back to our ninth yeai when we were forced to recite “Little Orphan Annie” with gestures. What an experience! Anyhow we’ll see you in the library. You know, that’s the place where crammin’ was born. G'bye.
Show: “Stand Up and Fight.” Where: Mars Theatre. When: January 15-18. Wham! and another slave-run-ner bites the dust at the swinging fists of Robert Taylor, filmdom’s newest “little tough guy!” “Stand Up and Fight” is the latest in Taylor’s he-man series. In only one or two scenes does he actually look presentable, for most of the time he is spattered with grime and gore! The stoi’y centers ai’ound the erection of the Baltimore & Ohio railroad, and the disastrous effect it has on the finances of horse and coach owners. Wally Beery manages the teams of Florence Rice, with a little profitable slave-run-on the side. Taylor is the penniless Southern ainstocrat who enlists as a pro- B. and 0., anti-slave running investigatoi’. Wally Beery is his old blustering, prevaricating, pugnacious self. He seems to enjoy greatly his role of “toughest guy in town,” and wrinkles up his ugly face, pulls his hair down over his eyes, and stomps around with much gusto. Taylor’s acting improves with each picture, but Beery is so real in his part that Taylor looks a shade amateurish in compaiison. Florence Rice has only a small pait but, nevertheless she could have made more of it than she did. Her principle accomplishments were to widen her beautiful giey eyes and to look very beautiful and haughty. The scene in which Beery and Taylor struggle back to camp in a snow-covered forest after beating each other up, piesents especially good photography. The play of light and dark is striking. However, in this same scene, discerning patrons will notice a movie boner. Recovering from the effects of the fist fight. Beery picks up a whiskey bottle, takes a drink and hands it to Taylor, who refreshes himself, puts the cap on, and stores it in his pocket. Question—^where did Robert Taylor get the cap for the bottle?
Duke University
SCHOOL OP MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three and one-Quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and three years of college work, including the subjects specified for Class A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Admission Committee.
“Mike” JERRY ANTAL, dark and handsome campus Casanova, says he won’t go out with another girl as long as he stays here. Could it be that he’s studying for finals, or has he been given the “breeze?”
Speaking of cast-offs, reminds me of a joke (?) picked up while studying econ. Uncle: “So you’ve been to college eh?” Joe: “Yeah.” Uncle: “How high can you count? Joe: “That’s easy, Unc. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, jack, queen, king.”
This one stinks, too. The ed wandered into a tennis tournament and sat down on the bench. “Whose game?” he asked. A shy young co-ed sitting next to him looked up hopefully. “I am,” she replied.
It seems that the Cary Hall boys Northwest, don’t know how to pick ’em. About 30 of the boys were having a little snow fight out in the field when they spotted some co-eds tobogganing. The fight broke up, and the co-eds turned out to be a feAv grade school girls. So what, eh boys?
The student who is taught to fly through the courtesy of the (DAA will have approximately the same official connection with the army as the student who takes basic military training. He, however, will probably have an excellent chance of entering the army air service, or of getting additional flying training, if he so desires. Nevertheless, the army and navy will definitely have an interest in these pilots the government pays to train. They will expect both to have an additional corps of pilots to enlist in time of stress, and to have experience and machinery at hand for turning out flyers on a mass production scale.
Varsity debater Joe Rittenhouse was guest of honor at a party given by P. E. Lull, debating coach, Sunday night. The highlight of the whole shebang was the presentation of a P-sweater to Joe for his three yeais on the debating squad. Since Joe wanted a letter pretty badly, the boys pitched in and bought him a beautiful black sweater with a very large yellow felt P. You’re a P man now, Joe.
Yes, the government, operating with the army will expect a fair return on the $250 they invest in the student pilots.
Confidentially one of our sophs has been bitten by the bug. The affair has lasted for quite a while, hasn’t it LEWIS ATKINSON? The gal is JEANNE MAHONEY, and is she flooded with attention. All good will come out, LEW.
A number of visitors have been on the campus during the last several days to inspect the experimental work being done here with insulation for refrigerator cars by Profs. W. T. Miller, T. K. Sanders, and Merle McClure, in the Engineering Experiment Station. % From the Owens-Corning Company came A. C. Wilson and J. A. Leiseni'ing, of Toledo, O.; Jack Waggoner and J. H. Thomas of Newark, 0. From the Gustin-Bacon Co. of Kansas City came A. L. Gustin Jr., and J. 0. Brelsford, and from the same company, Ralph C. Haiden of New York City, and W. E. Davis of Chicago. These men conferied with Dean A. A. Potter on plans to continue the testing program underway and also new types of tests on insulated refrigerated car floors. Di-. Harvey Lindsey, president of the Dry Zero Corp., New York, was another visitor. On the same day Ray Thomas of the Carbide and Carbon Chemical Corp., of Charleston, W. Va., and A. Osrowske, of the Owens-Corning- Co., of Newark, 0., came to inspect research work testing various kinds of car insulation.
To help a few of our English A frosh to study for the finals, we offer these hints on grammar: A kiss is always a pronoun, because “she” stands for it. It is masculine and feminine gende rmixed; therefore, common. It is a conjunction because it connects. It is an interjection; at least it sounds like one.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis
J. SPERB 822 Main
To emphasize the place of Christianity in the modern world, the University of Pennsylvania is planning a foui--day “Christian Embassy.”
MaHI
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
More adventures of screen star & press asent. RKO RADIO LAUGH HIT with RUTH DONNELLY BRADLEY PAGE RALPH FORBES FRANCES MERCER
PLUS
Two Lovers Battling in Swing Time!
WAYNE MORRIS PRISCILLA LAN
"LOVE, HONOR AND BEHAVE"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LiciHy
‘We had a magnificent view here till they tore down the theater across the street!”
It is plural because one calls for another. It is singular because there is nothing else like it. It is a preposition because it governs an objective “case.” However, it is not an adverb, because it cannot be compared, but it is a phase that expresses feeling.
Porter Will Return
From European Trip
PEM Department To Offer New Elective
Dr. Charles L. Porter, biology department, who with members of his family have been abroad since September, will retm-n in time to resume his duties at the University for the second semester.
New non-technical elective course called Individual and Group Leisure Time Activities will be offered to students in the physical education department next semester. The course offers one credit, consists of two one hour periods in the Fieldhouse Gym, is open to students of all schools, and is under the supervision of C. C. Reeck. Students may enter the course by applying for class cards of PEM 11, at registration, January 31, and February 1.
The Porters are now on the liner He de France, due in New York today. Before returning here they plan to visit Dr. Poi'ter’s sister in Pennsylvania and John Porter, their son, at Harvard Universityl
Dr. Porter, who has been on leave of absence from Purdue during the first semester, has been conferring with European scientists on phases of fungus research.
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
CAUGHT IN A WE« OF LOVE AND HATE!
iUCK
tfONEf.
COWmiA pleOtiu
— ALSO — 'Spider's Web," Serial
MADS NOW PLAYING
Th* GreaStit Adv9SiSwf9DremM on the Sount/J^„
lattimu
NOW PLAYING
IN TECHNICOLOR! aCoteattA,
WALTER BRENNAN
LUHA
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
_ —
* ^ 4- I
V m
4- k' M
Tuesday, fonuoiy 17,1939
the pdbdue
SfiO^dA.
EXPONENT
Greenkeepers Discuss Turf Problems In Annual Conference Today, Tomorrow Means of providing better turf maintenance at lower cost will provide the principal topic for discussion at the second annual Greenkeepers Conference which will be held at the University today and tomorrow.
The two-day meeting, which is designed to present practical information for greens chairmen, golf greenskeepers, and others having turf problems, will be sponsored by the division of physical education
for men.
One of the principal speakers will be Dr. John Montieth Jr., in charge of greens sections operation of the U. S. (jolf Association, Washington, D. C., who will make three appearances before the conference. Dr. Montieth will discuss new grasses for golf courses, science in greenskeeping, and diseases and their control, in addition to speaking before the annual banquet tonight inthe Union ballroom at 6:30
o’clock.
In addition to Montieth, other speakers before the banquet, which will be presided over by G. A. Young, president of the Indiana State Golf Association, will be Herb Graffis, editor of Golfdom; Harry Reed, assistant director of the University . Agricultural Experiment Station, and Carl Breztlaff, president of the greenkeepers’ organization, Indianapolis. Other addresses before the daily sessions will be delivered by Dr. George. Scarseth, of the Purdue agronomy department; W. H. Diddel, golf architect of Indianapolis; Prof. J. J. Davis, entomologist; George Enfield, extension agronomist of the University; T. E. Heinton and R. H. Wileman, of the agricultural engineering department, and Prof. George McClure, of Ohio State Uni-
versity.
The University department of agricultural extension, Indiana Greenkeepers Association, Indiana^ Golf Association and Indiana Professional Golfers’ Association will assist the division of physical education in promoting the conference.
Boilermakers Drop Swimming Meet To Northwestern Boilermaker mermen, invading the Northwestern Fildcats’ Fieldhouse Saturday night, dropped a dual match to the hosts 52 to 29. The visitors were late in arrival and because of exposure on the auto trip to Evanston, 111., were unable to repeat their usual good pei'formance, according to Coach Larry LaBree. The Riveters jumped into an early lead by winning the 300-yard medley relay race. The Wildcats retaliated by capturing the remainder of the events. The Wildcats polo team took the measure of the Boilermaker squad by trimming th'e Riveters
10 to 2.
PEW Adivities Halted Until Next Semester; Plan Swim All PEW activities have been discontinued until next semester, according to an announcement made yesterday by Kathryn Merritt, president of WAA. Beginning Wednesday, January 18, the Women’s Gymnasium will be open any hour of the day to those girls who are interested in placing shuffleboard, ping pong, and badminton. Co-eds are privileged to bring a date to the gym during final examination week. At four o’clock, Saturday, January 21, a mixed swim will be held in the swimming pool.
Public housing in relation to city planning is the subject of a new five year study recently begun at Massachusetts Institute of Tech-
nology.
A MENU NECESSITY Fall and winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat. CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. Srd St.
Phone 5372
DEWENTEE'S Mid-Winter Clearance Sale $25.00 Top Coats Now ^IT-SO This includes all zipper, lined coats. $25.00 Suits—One Special Lot Sport Styles Now $17-80 Extra Special—All Our $29.50 Tuxedo and Full Dress Suits Now $23-S0 Corduroy Coots—$7.50 Grades Now $5-95 All Wool Hose Now 35c pair DEWENTER^S 416 Main Street
ielder’s... ... choice
Northwestern Upsets Minnesota In Big Ten Game; lllini Beat Ohio State 45-21
By Bruce Witwer All of the cheers, enthusiasm, and spirit of a real basketball game pervaded the Fieldhousie last night at the Gimlet sponsored rebroadcast of the Indiana game ... boos for the referee or questionable playing tactics made the sciene realistic . . . only an empty playing floor gave mute evidence of the true state of the occasion. —^fc— The last ten minutes of the game contributed to the grey hairs adorning our august cranium . . . the score fluctuating by one or two points for one side or the other was enough to send any neryous person into a happy state of hystei-ia .. Indiana was able to hold the edge at the end of the game, which isn’t news any more, but which shows that fate smiled on Indiana at the moment. —fc — Now the Purdue capers will come home and hang up their uniforms to play a tougher game with finals as the opposition . . .then February 6 sees the team in action again. Now that we have won one and lost two gaihes in the Big Ten session, there is one thing to remember . . . it’s easy to have spirit and enthusiasm when you are backing a winning team but the real test of school spirit is to get out and push a team which is trying its best to come through but isn’t as successful as you think it might be. —^fc— Then we look back on. the weekend . . . the boogiey boogey of Friday 13th must have exerted a potent influence to have five Boilermaker sport’s squads fall in defeat on Saturday . . . maybe the coaches have sent out a rush order for choice select rabbit’s feet.
Ernie Andres....
Uvanston, 111,, Jan, 16—Northwestern's Wildcats provided the biggest upset of the current Western Conference basketball season by winning a 32 to 31 victory over the Minnesota Gophers, formerly unbeaten conference leaders, here tonight. ' The Wildcats snapped a Minne-
sota 19-game victory parade over a two-year period for their first win in the Big Ten race and the Goph-
ers’ first loss.
Minnesota lost the game at the foul line by garnering only 11 out of 20 free throws, while the hosts graced the draperies via the foul route eight of 12 times. Twenty-three fouls were assessed during the rough and tumble play of the two teams. Seventeen personals were called against the Wildcats who lost three players in the course of the evening’s game.
Big Ten Standings
Won Lost
. 3 1 . 3 1
Indiana Minnesota Illinois Ohio State Iowa Wisconsin PURDUE Michigan Northwestern Chicago
Pet. .750 .750 .750 .666 .500 .500 .333 .250 .250 .250
Tom Noland...
. . . was chosen junior intramural manager of the 1939 fall term yesterday by the University Intramural Board with Tony Yankowski serving as alternate. Paul Zimmerman, Walter Frank, Jimmy Roman and Dick Reynolds were selected as sophomore managers.
. . . stalwart Indiana guard, who sparkled the Hoosier offensive last night to help defeat the Boilermakers for the first time in two years of basketball competition. Learning Announces New Social Hours Freshmen may have social engagements any time during finals unless they have an examination the next day, according to a statement issued by Mary Alice Learning, president of WSGA, and the executive committee. Eleven o’clock hours will be in effect Wednesday night, January 1, instead of twelve as was stated in Sunday’s paper. Eleven o’clock hours will prevail during finals, and the regular one o’clock hours will hold for Friday and Saturday. From Sunday, January 29, until Tuesday, January 31, twelve o’clock hours will be observed.
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops In Hotel Stops BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE BOTH AIR CONDITIONED
For Economy The Lahr Hotel
Iowa 29, Chicago 19 IOWA CITY, la., Jan. 16.—Iowa’s Hawkeyes defeated Chicago ^9 to 19 tonight in a Western Conference game, despite the fact that “Blazing Ben” Stephens, stellar Iowa forward, made only two field
goals.
William Murphy, ace Maroon guard, led the Chicago offensive with four goals and 'center Plett grabbed six points for top-honors for Iowa. Dean Charles Gilkey Of Chicago University Leads Sunday Conyo Charles W. Gilkey, noted Dean of the Chicago University Chapel, spoke before an assembly of approximately 2,000 students in Eliza Fowler Hall here Sunday morning at 10:30. Introduced by Professor F. C. Hockema, Dean Gilkey spoke on “Bridges Into a Better World,” comparing the seemly impossible engineering technique of building some of the bridges across large waters, to the problem today of finding a material that is lighter in weight, smaller in bulk, and stronger to withstand increased strain of life. “Our civilization will continue to be imperiled. Armaments upon ai-ma-ments like trus^ upon truss will only break the bridges of our democracy.” To conclude his address. Dean Gilkey stressed that firm belief in J'esus be accepted by all to make way for a stronger, lighter, and smaller way of living in a changing and complex world. As a part of the convocation, the University Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, furnished music.
Illinois 45, Ohio State 21 CHAMPAIGN, 111., Jan. 16.—Illinois toppled Ohio State from the list of unbeaten Big Ten Conference teams here tonight with a decisive 45 to 21 triumph over the Buckeyes. Illinois celebrated “Pick Dehner Night” before 6,846 spectators, and lanky center Dehner lived up to expectations by dropping 19 points, seven field goals and five free tossqg through the net. Wisconsin 42, Michig'n 39 ANN ARBOR, Mich., Jan. 16.— Wisconsin, bouncing back after two Big Ten conference defeats, upset Michigan tonight with a 42 to 39 defeat, which virtually eliminated the Wolverines from winning the current title race. The defeat was -the hosts’ third loss in four starts. Tom Harmon, substituting in the early stages of the game, for Michigan, headed the lowly Michigan quintet with five field goals and four free throws. Phi Mu To Sponsor Book Exchange Thursday An exchange of books will be the main feature of the Book Mart of Phi Mu alumnae to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building Thursday evening, January 19, at 7:30. The program will consist of musical numbers and a book contest. “Old Haven,” by David C. De Jong, will be reviewed by Mrs. C. D. Phillips of Lexington, Kjr. Tickets may be obtained from the committee in charge. Prof. Elizabeth Mitchell, Mrs. W. A. Knapp, and Mrs. R. B. Stewart.
A student from Puerto Rico has won her class spelling championship at the College of New Rochelle.
Dr. E. P. Cubberly, retired Stanford University professor, has given to that institution a new $353,000 education building which he has paid for with royalties from books he has written or edited.
RENT-A-CAR By the Mile . . . For Bouineu or Pleasure REIMERS RENT-A-CAR
Phone 6455
314 N. Fourth
WE CAN’T BE PFR
1 FFPT
£ XIiXi but, like the
.r I Boilermaker ball
teams—we do
the best we can.
PETER ANDI 24 Hour Service
ERSON GARAGE After You We Come First
525 Alabama
Phone 4048Esselen To Address Members of ASChE Di’i Gustavus J. Esselen, Jr., widely known consulting chemist of Boston, Mass., will address the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society at a dinner meeting on Thursday, January 19. He received his doctor’s degree at Harvard University in 1912,*nd is now serving as president of Gustavus J. Esselen, Inc. Dr. Esselen is a member of a large number of social and scientific organizations and has been active in American Chemical Society affairs for several years. His main field of interest is cellulose and its compounds. He is the author of a number of articles on paper, I’ayon,
etc.
All persons interested in meeting and hearing Dr. Esselen may attend. The subject will be “Ultra-Slow Motion Photography to Cheinical Engineei'ihg Studies.” UniyersitY Makes - (Continued from page 1)
3bacaL(MiL, Finals!-li's The(Continued from page 1) Information included in the letter received from Washington yesterday make information issued previously incorrect. New information sheets have been prepared' and can University authorities. Dean Dorothy Stratton advises freshman girls to eat, sleep, and forget about cramming--at least within reason. Miller Advises Dr. Miller, University health expert, gives his advice to the boys and girls as follows; “Don’t burn too much midnight oil, guard your eyes, and sleep in a Well ventilated room. Above all, don’t work yourself into a nervous frenzy. If anyone finds his nerVes out of control, come over to the Student Health Service and I’ll give him (or her) a shot in the arm (sedative to
you)..”
There may be something in what the doctor says about the sedative, students aren’t exactly race horses, but, then, it is something to consider, and it’s legal, too. At least one member of the faculty will have spent far more hours in preparing for the finals than'any student. He is Prof. Poorman, of
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. Tanuary 17,1939
the applied mechanics department, who makes out those pink and white omens known as exam schedules. Arranging the schedule of those countless exams is certainly no snap, and calls for many days of steady headaches. As if matters Were not bad enough, certain courses in physics, GE, PE, and education have added insult to injury by adopting a merciless electrical grader for their tests. fames Discusses Wagnerian Music Dr. H. P. Eames, professor of musical art and aesthetics at Scripp College, Calif., treated University music lovers with a discussion of the life and works of Wagner Sunday ^alfternoon in the Union ballroom. Following the talk, he played a group of selections by the famous composer. Eames, who is now making a national concert tour, studied piano and composition under the direction of Paderewski and W. S. B. Matthews, and was highly praised by each. His appearance here was sponsored by campus music groups in conjunction with the Union music room.
Classified Ads . ^ MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWBITEKS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOMS FOR RENT WANTED—Co-ed to share large front room, second semester. New single beds. Phone 76264.
given by the Graduate Dames Tuesday,'Jaliuary 17, at 7:80 p. m. in the 'Union faculty lounge. , —BEUOY.
Forestry Club: Return an money and tickets for the Foresters’ Ball to John Nichol^5by Tuesday, January 17, at 4 p. m. „..J —GLAZEBROOK.
Exponent Exam Work Schedule: Staff members will please note the following schedule. Advise corrections at once. 'Workers not listed please select one of thp work nights and be there. Dally publication will be resumed following finals on Monday evening, 30th. Report on regular nights if possible. Extra work will be appreciated. Reorganization meeting for second semester will be in Exponent office, February 1, at 7:30. All editorial staff members please attend. Tuesday, January 17, Terrio, night editor ; Houston, stooge; Heiple, issue; "Yates, proof: Ganzar, Beer, Kennedy, iCuoh, O’Connel, workers. Wednesday, January 18, Houston, night editor; McKee, issue; Ahlf, proof; Ochil-
tree, Skallerup, Mueller, Payne, workers. Friday, January 20, Woodson, night editor; Leber, issue i 'WiHsey, proof'; Miers, Thompson, Patterson, Schlpssberg, Kepner, workers. Monday, January 23, Frederick, night edi- ' tor; Terrio, stooge; Ganzar, issue; Leber, proof; Donahue, McKee, DeHoog, McKeighan, Newsbaum, workers. Wednesday, January 26, Kroeplin, night editor; Insley, stooge; Massey, issue; Heiple, proof; DeHoog, Taylor, Ehfhardt. Sears, workers. « . —HARDIN.
Christian Science: Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Union Tuesday, January 17, at 7:30 p. m. —MACK.
Gym Locker Holders: Those-wishlng to renew looker for the second semester must so signify by signing locker renewal slip at the intramural check-out window not later than Saturday, January 28. Those wishing to check out must do so before then to recover deposit. —CLEVETT.
Notices
Surveying Students: Anyone requiring an examination to remove a /‘G” grade in CB 6 may take the regular examination at period 11 or the special examination at period 16. Get permit slips in CE 102. (1-20) —TODD. Co-ed Exponent Editorial Staff: Regular staff will work on Tuesday night, January 17.' —McKEE.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
AIEE: Special movies this afternoon, Jan-, uary 17, in room 254, EE building. All interested students invited. —MANSFIELD.
Undergraduate Dames: All members are invited to attend a book review to be
be obtained from Prof. G. A. Young or Dr. J. E. Walters. These new sheets are dated 11 a. m., January 16. Qualifications Selection of the 50 students who will receive first training under this new CAA program will be made by the Coordinating Committee on the basis of three major qualifications —interest, as demonstrated by the special, aeronautic studies and experience, physical fitness, and scholastic standing. Senior and graduate students in the aeronautical mechanical engineering option will be placed at the top of the preference list. Next will come juniors planning to follow this option, although other students will also be considered if they show unusual tangible evidence of interest. Students with a scholastic index of less than 4.00 will ordinarily not be considered. Students who take the course vvill be required to pay a special course fee of $25 to cover the expense of the ground school work required by the CAA. In addition, each student will be required to carry $3,000 worth of life insurance covering flight training. Students who do not have that as a prerequisite may get it for $25 additional under a group insurance plan which will protect each individual for a period of one year. Ground Courses All those who take the flight training will be advised to take also ME 83 (a new course called “Aeronautics” to be given hereafter in the first semester, but to be given next semester as the first five weeks of ME 93) and ME 94 (Navigation and Meteorolgy). These courses are , the ground courses which the $25 fee will pay for. . Medical examinations will be given free, so that $50 ■will be the maximum cost of the ti’aining to any student. Ordinarily the same training comes at a cost of $300. The Coordination Committee will meet January 21 to consider the applications turned in before the deadline, January 20. At this time they will choose about 100 candidates for a preliminary physical examination to be given by University physicians. This procedure is expected to provide about 75 students for the formal Army physical test. The actual flying will be under the supervision of Captain Aretz, who will hire three additional instructors and purchase six new .ships. Flight training will begin February 6. Physical Requirements Physical requirements (commercial pilot rating) follow: Height must be over 64 inches and height and weight must correspond to the Army tables. Eyes must be 20-20 each, uncorrected. Ears also must be 20-20. Nose and throat must be. within normal limits. Pulse and blood pressure must be normal (not over 140 or below 100 milimeters systolic). Any form of cardiac disease disqualifies. Other defects which automatically disqualify are hernia, nephritis, diabetes, tuberculosis, encephalitis, rheumatism, syphilis, asthma, hay fever, kidney stone, epilepsy, or the equivalents.
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—-but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best,— every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
• Booksfores
• Jewelers
\ "DEAC" Everything for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISEN6ACH Jeweler and*Optometrist 504 Main St. S
• Locksmith
• Printing
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
SERVICE I^RINTING Hb^PoHIcc Stationery . , D 1 iXTeddlng Invitations PHONE ■ Books, Etc 2628 CASSEL’S 408 i-ERRy
• Professfonal
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac--essories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2Vine West Lafayetta Phone 4965
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop ' in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
... the HAPPY COMBINATION (blend) of American and Turkish tobaccos in Chesterfield which gives millions more smoking pleasure. Chesterfield combines in rare degree qualities you’ll find in no other cigarette. In Chesterfield you’ll find refreshing mildness... better taste... more pleasing aroma. Its can’t-be-copied blend ... a combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos...brings out the finer qualities of each tobacco. When you try^emyou will know - why Chesterfields^^_ millions of men and women m^e^smoking ptewm, THEY SATISFY
,.. the blend that can't be copied ...the RIGHT COMBINATION of thc world's best cigarette tobaccos^
Coprngbt 1939, Licobtt & Mybu Tobacco Co,