Ul'f
I't
W'
)*- i:
The Razz Edition—JVe Get This JVay Once A Year
<Sht Purdue TExpoueut
Read Daily By 5000 Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE INDIANA, TUESDAY, APRIL 27 1T37
NUMBER 140
^MakeFieldhouse Into Nite-Club^ Cry Students
ifS IlA SAME THING 1 ULLER had his UNION Of which he was so proud But, HAN LET has SHOEMAKER And IHREL make a crowd ONE RING CIRCUS SPOTLIGHT on LOUISE SMITH whip m hand NAME of act ‘ THE MARCH or MEN ’ THEME each slave bungs toith himselt and ill of his caithly belongings bows befoie hei loy al majesty ‘Queen SMITH gives to hei all begs foi hei slightest smile and entouiagement for the moment then is whipped off to the doom of despan SLAVES AS THEY APPEAR AND DISAPPEAR Billy McNaughton Wes Dwight Don Spiing Geoige Bell Bob Reid Kail Peth Bill Zilgei Bib Knkpatiick Wayne Gift Morey Wakefield
Iim Vogl
THE SHOW MUST GO ON NOTICE ' ’ » MARY JEAN LIGHT AND “ACE”rORSTER I regret to tell you that the two of >ou will have to discontinue the amount of smooching and mushv hne making you do in the Sweet Shoppe, or I w ill be forced to have the waitresses ask \ou to leave if suth occurs again I M VALLELY, 1 RANK FOX, Mgi Sweet Shoppe P T his also applies to BON Nil RABERandBILI WINTER PIT 11 R PA n tr PIT! FR PA T IFR DOTTY MARTINET is a WS(,A biw, sli t IS doin^ much bit tei IhanPiexj EmYANNSTF WARl when t comes lo following in the feolstcps of Past Chid Biw Ici Outci COPELAND lou
kill W "
and
Greiner Killed! Hooray Piofessoi Otto A Gieinci tiled and tiuc fiiend (■^) and staunch suppoitei ( ' 0 oi the I xponenf Avas assissinated in his boudoii cai Ij this morning bj an unknown as sailant who enteied thiough a see ond stoiy window (Whyinthehc 11 the guy would go to ill this tiouble IS beyond us) Hen Piotessoi’s coipsc was discoveied about noon today by his Geiman class who thought they had been sleeping thiough anothei one of his most in teiesting disseitations on English giammai diction and phiaseology and his usual speech on What’s Wiong With the Lxponent Today Thej awoke to find the leveied in structoi among the missing and aft ei seaiching his room found him himly sewed in the mattiess cov eied with scoies of knife and gun shot wounds The unknown bene factoi to mankind has not yet been appiehended
n the Chocolate Shop out
1 RID \Y FVI NING A I M RH MARA FD JOHNS TON with DON ri RRIO wheiewas Betting Mm BUD RHOADI S MARGARET ST Of K1 P and ‘So what’ i oving aiound the landscape in the Doim out ag un 111 agiin and aiound RUFINA SEXTON back to DAVE DEETS foi the evening but Satui day night was GENE WRIGHT Swhos the suekei heie’’ VIR GINIA WILKING (the gal who le ally knows how to conduct tests) with ‘ Date em all TONY JACK LIN BOBBY RFID on the le bound fiom LOUISE SMITH d it inf Queen DAMMLYER TOMMY GRAHAM -till pitching with GEORGIANNA BAKER and then JOHNNY WALKEY giv mg ELLA LOU SEXSON the an foi ‘Sweetness SCHICKILR BECAUSE HE S A B M 0 f a gill in till light hasn t a ehinec RUSS HUJ SE got stood u)) bi RUl INA SLXTON some time ago because RUSS ncAci called hei and wasn’t e\ei wheie she could call him she waits until 10 p m and still no woid fiom the Big Shot so she steps out with hei DAVY Hie Kappas made hci (all RUSS and humbly apologue JUSI A 1 HOUGH 1 A''ou ue a ekai sweet >,111 (md bless yen and keep you Wish I eoulel afloid to do so POME 10 MEIFR, 1 RUSH A FRICKSON There is a giif named IIEGELI Hei phone calls are so plenty She feeds them a line Extiemely sublime Then sends them away repenting
Prexy Turns Literary In Correspondence Ml F C Elliott who lives on Seventh stieet up neai the tiacks had been much annoyed by the nois^ that was made by a switch engine He wiote this masteipiece of sound deseiiptioii to the laihoad com pany ‘Gentlemen Why is it that youi switch engine has to ding and dong c.nd h// and spit and clang and bang and howl and jowl and guild and puff and bumi) and click and ^lunt and gasp and whistle and whee/e md squawk md blow and jai and jcik and lasp and pnole md twan^ md clack md lumblc and jangle md iin,^ lid clittci mdsehattei and yelp and howl and -nt^l and puff and ^icwl and thump md boom md clash and jolt and jo tie and shiiekand siioi t md snail md slam md thiob md wink md quivei and 1 umble and 1 attic md yell and smoke and smell ill the d mined night 1< ng Doe Hass Reveals ‘Burp Control’ For ‘Kitty Lists’ Ductei Hiss newh elected big wild cl tin cheiiiisti^ depaitment will addiess his bo^ s horn the C it ah st Club local chemical dnnking liateinitj tonight in the thud flooi men s 100m of the Chemistiy Build mg He has condescended to speal on his favoiite leseaieh subject ‘ Beei Diinkcis’ Buip Conti ol
It’s Not Harlem Polo But It’s Just As Good Chicago 111— Sniokey Joe Ingle man tuck shot aitist fiom Hai lem won the thud annual Afiiean Golf Touinament heie last night tinning in the lemaikible scoie of 126 foi the 18 holes Joe shot fouith at the fiist tee but letained the lead fi om then on taking the $122 49 fiist pii/e fiom one of the toughest fields in the histoij of the event
\M)HOW' AeeFoistei—Hei Petie wouldnt you give a lepoitei a kiss ^ Petie Light—blue when do i 011 go to pi ess*'
Faculty To Burn Amy Howe piopiietoi of the Home Economies cafe announced jesteiday that guests could smoke only Camel cigaiettes in the eating joint She stated hei piefeieiice was caused by the 1 eeent inspec tion tup to Chicago
uoiiiQ OIF jnoqp qTV uxnoj oq pamdoid aq pun soqjopi pjo maw pinoqs s la-pns [jy qaaw OAVj jxau aqj loj qqgiii Anaa asuoq rSaiiiO iqo aqi oq qiodai oq sia ■qiOAV ajniu asaqq i[u squuw Aqqnqj suoiqnuiiuou quoqu pan xoAV [jiqs am oqae siaqiOAv uoiuQ ajnui [[u Toq asinoa qioqs ijaa w ov\q n 0Ai§ oq pauuBjd aqs quqq aquq qq'^'iu qsni paounouim lAiqmaxa (qqSuaiqs si axaqq uoiiiQ ui) uoiuQ oiBiuaq loi uas luuiiiy) hoQ Adelnj Uiqny >[JO^ UOTU0 III sodo}j oi|jL sjoyfong H01|g OJ^ raiUTJ0
We humbly nominite fhe above gentlemen (0 to the noble organization The Sucker Society” Pin due honoiaiy (01 the yeai’s biggest fishes They are Rip Manion Harry ‘Windy ’ Hughes Glen Mai tin and Nolle Ki/ei Manion foi helping the co eels put ( ut then edition of the Exponent Hughes foi putting his pin out to the same ^111 three tunes in one yeai Mai tin foi taking the ’38 Pi\rom Queen out all yeai but novel getting a bieak Kizer for sucking foil! yeais foi a fieldhouse and get ting a roadhouse instead
SPl VK NO FVII SI I NO I VII HF\R NO EVIL Ihiee Junior Prom chaperones caught m a ehaiaeteustie pose bv the Exponent s candid cameiaman Reading liom left to light, Dean M L. Fisher, Dean Stratton and Dr. S J Miller. Dr. Miller has just told one of those jokes
Alpha Chis Order Corn Cobs—Ask White Ones The I ifaietle Gi un ele\ xloi le eeived an oidei foi a had of white com cobs to be delneied to the Al pha Chijioiise yesteidai The de liveii 1- to be mide this moining Now what would those guls be do in,^ w ith coin cobs '
ssi luioj\[, aq Aipaqqnopun piAi laAVsim aqq ^ j iih QOOO ‘’I xaiiHAV ^ J‘^ T'''? Avon og uoiqipQ //ny 1? Ill uaAi—"qqrquixd paxapis uoo suoiqsinb wiq aqq a ioav asaqy ^saqot Aqup noj 10 asim quiip 1 [oiiis not oq ^ Iqmd "^uiiiiuuAvs apnu r uo nio^ ioao not aAujy, ^aqep qsiq iqq uo avo[ [aj Suissui ui lAaqaq not oq, ^ssu[ uoissnd Y ^ ssi'[ pros u peq ioa 1 uoA oabji ^ sAvopaj 01 Aq possi [ uiiq iiAa uoA lAupi, ,^ipou noA OQ , , ^oaanqoq A\aip noA oq„ (e) HHM tiTl Aq paxoA\sim a XOAV ipiqAi suenqsanb Aqund qo qst[ oqq posiidiuoa suoiqsanb tquaAij, pimjadop axqqna VDSA\ I‘^ oiinniqui iqq oq ssaaons Am [[!’ opiqnqqr q, [nqnqs vjqsi
Students Want Night Club; Declare Strike
By Mimpi and lughaid ‘Change oui Fieldhouse into a loadhouse' ’ “Give us Nobe’s Nifty Night Nook' To hell with athie‘‘iCs’ ’ Amusement starved students suddenlv stiuck last nignt as John “Beetlebrow”Xiewis, and his Committee toi Instigating Outrages, invaded the campus and electnfied 50 000 h'bn^nating Boilermakeis intoxjrganized action
MakePiexj FI
pom spiUl qq av dm wop nppiqog ssiq\[ pauoiqssnb "'uiiq uq uos nqiQ qiy QQ qqiAi uns 'Buoq lo] quiod Aqimd v qo OOI 96 passim oqw Tqq aupg (OOI IT 66) AHOAI asiuoQ tq uo pipddr sew oioos qiipi nqqn qoq os quaiaAi qi quqq Aqiio qqur poo's uo qi ivuq aw qnq ipt m nq abinvip iq pasuqai piHAV iqiqinqod qoup imunmog H ua[X}-[ ‘’“’iJAl '■>1^ aqq iiiqq iawo[ tiejuxi pisuoa poqui i ndud u wo oq qpqq puuoj temsip oq oq ipuiu uoqqeiqg lUiQ sodid aqq huiuiiimxi uq aaiviog [au uosoj siiJUAt 'Pif ^ saipp| qo in ip uoqquiqg j Aqqo loQ imiQ Aq piioqsiuimpL qsiQ ALIHfld lAisioqaxdmoa t 111 sipx»ia aiuiovi pin sioios "luiVjq qqiw q^'uouiq aun a spa c 1 piQ aauapisaqj qini od Qoq oq 0 vuoxq tniiiimc saxoas qqiAV qioa od pq nd qua siij piioqaiQ vqimj anp iiij vdiiii vv pw® pivipiiq VQ
Sti ike foi beei '
liott give you a liquid palace of j swing and sousing' Get a flooi shew and a bai i stiip tea-e and Don Bestoi Toil Rivcteis she uld la-sle eveiy night of the veai said John I diuin^ a pep talk befoic the I WSGA eaih in the evening Waxing enthusiastic Lewis with heiy oiatoiq pioclaimed his ideas to a nphtshiited student body in tiont of the Union Anticipating qoq md leeeliq the pajama clad eels anel co eds seiearned with de light Weak heaited 6 5 students tainted ( A.11 thiee ot em) Canvass the campus collect all candles Wt 11 have a toichlight p i lade qelleelMalt Reckless Sehe
lei
Wait' yelled Lewis we\e got to stilt a stiike I demand that no one to go on to class until the fust flooi show staits 1 oi $300 000 I will fix eveiythmg No classes, on with the floor show echoed the fevei ed students Ooooh wailed Piexj stiicken to the quick “what am I going to do w ith all my yellow pei il What about my penalty days lust think Piexy you can be head waitei kidded Wes Dwight tossing Debus pi oofs to the winds Can I Honest‘S Gee lets go' Yipqiee' shouted Elliott jumpm^ up and down Let s go see Kizei Well make hm M istei of Ceie monies Whee Lets quit the facul ty in the flooi show Think of Bear Greve as an adagio dancer!" Foui bucks VanNatta nibbing his hands with glee yelled Oh boy 111 mix -,m m the swimming pool Nude swimming parties give me a Ihiill too' Somewluie on the ut-kiit ot the eiowd Piggy Lambert slightly stunned by this tie iscliable demon sti ation mo med Vml te think th u Nobe md I suel ed 1 i tom yens lo get 1 tie Id house Waid heelei Stallings, local big shot politician was named by Lewis IS chaiiman ot a leqmcnation com mittec Stall nos immediitely promiscd Well hive om ro ulhc use built betoi e fin ils Bill Miller mechanical me ion bellowed toith Mill they seiee enough beei foi me to ad\ inee the deielopmcnt of my biew built btl
Iv
Finally the ciowd bioke up stu dents scattoimg m all diiections pieqiaimg to exchange pajamas foi woik clothes foi dunng the tmil moments of fhe loadhoust 1 iisnm paity had been oiganized with eon tiaetoi Kemmei as chan man
Airport Takes Risk From Pitching W 00 Tenshun all voiise heavy leck eis' Im getting dern disgusted at vou what use mv anypoit roi a pitehin aiound Fiom niw m Im a ,^onna chaige you +ei paikm But if youll coopeiate well ake the iisk out ot this \\oo pitchin bu-i ness foi you Fiom now on youll nevei need to feai that the next head lights that shine in you eyeaie on the liont of Piex\ s Packaid 01 on Dean Dottie s Chewy (Well lea\t Heawlon Towei to them its gettin pietty ciowded, anyweay) Oui fii-t impioiernent w h be the shading ol the field lights That 11 sine help To hell with the an planes
Tappa Nu Keg
Dan P. Wedel bettei ki ow n athe Fort Madison Flash and Bill Daseler, social lion of the second ward, were foimally pledged to the Tappa Nu Keg, honoiaie tipplei s tiateinity with tull iites and ceie mony last Fiiday night Initiation will continue eeeiv Mondiy Tuesday Wednesday and Ihiusdiy Piidiy and Sanueiay nyhts n the Blue Blazei until fui thei notice
Tough Week-End Lays Up Five Revelers Ihis pist weekend has biought to the campus a new ind deeoted gi nip of stay vt home pliy at home little boys and gnls t pi in to stay at home t\ti\ diy tioni new on seemed to be the by y\oid en the campus yestciday Home ten me slid Tevie Sqieu sii in Doe Millti s ofhee yestiidu moinm„ leeeivnm liis shot foi lock
the week end it
ssoid aqq oq qtn uaii q qtuy siq suw ueq vm ut >01 w aqi qnw qqo qa'i oq aquun loq v v j piqsqoqe iq pinoq feiq i.axE qiqq so wqgq ypuiq nwaig qoQ dea aiavaioqomam pr^qwoir aaiad qo anqsuL iqq aq iqaq [auoqoa qnqaoino&ai vuwqp qnq paqiU-»-uio podsi - lanyo ueam j laqi^so Vqiiqq uiqq aiom xino" q u uw j 3 Q ueiqBuiq^u A oi uiiq quaoai siq uo qimq paads aqq ^guipaaa xa loq laqod aqvqs puB[vib];\ iqq Vq sqsoi pin. ejs piuy q x 0 H ’’HI qurpiummoo ,u x y S IM d '-oUBh 10 q qq ‘“I-*! SI# -toj 'OHB3 ,p3.»dS, puBiiaeivi
tmoQ 3/ootis -nv IPX mM jQ
jaw if til sptndmt
I U
Homt 1 stay siys Itaeup Deck II altei hnduy i mw use tin those j littk putts ot C hmaw ue it a stale ly bniqiiil till weekend Just a j hall pint ill le iiid I would hi\t I tilled hye eups niste id ot tom hia.,s Detkti Home well sti\ wliispms Vet loistei xftei listing the wiimtiis ot yyiti Petie s bed in t hie i.,o Git luday iUv,ht 1 oiks wtit met too lU me she 11 stay ’ detites John 1 nv knniuiman aftei hiddin.., tond i adieu to luscious tiuthful Pat Pat [ teison I
iSaXVHdNLKOO buh squid asaqq pimoi ajvq aqq mauls qsiy oqw aqs suw. qi sf qnqq loq qanoi ytw iqiw sijj qqniq aqq quaa nd 001 '''Td noy s i qipQ) GdNWIdNdOJ bvih, s[[ay. mo viu la eatnqw uaqsq pq qianiq imq siq oq qqtoj. vup qsqq moiQ pwqs dooas b qqiw quqqq^q iqq yo quo bHNVHTNHOJl pu^ yip aqq ui yiiio imoq amui ktiut 1 la qq loq qnp puibq i> m now aq qinqnis u sb nu i qeqq aas qj SHNV HKHOJ yipuns mm yv oq iiweuq nqqiqy^ ui\[Bq piawpg si [Oeqi- "'in unqi iqq in sioqamqs ui tuns mold qsom oq q> aiiQ
unj
ueqi qoe" unj qo quids -iqq lu sqinmmn iqq iquq qtw luaiaq ipidilv simeu isoq w asoqq quqq si ideq yquo mo pur qs.m\v 11 yq pm yuq Yipod aifpoq idiiq qo qiq i si ynqioq sumn qua isaqi m pms si qeq VV ip q zzeg n sqm qi qrqw sqtpa puB auyy,yvq saos quajuodx^i aqq qo jqvqs >qq may u amo XI HNOa 5J\V. AHxW
.jew)
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, Apiil 27, 1937
Blazer Nighls Revealed by Expo Scribe The "cciu tike jlm in 4th ot m 1 tl <. 1 IK 1 1 I n \ \11 tv -juit t tilt tct fill I h nt vl 1 u li n dill till litht hu hi d the ihildii Hid bin id tin di i i Tt n sitinii\ nisrlit 'ittd thi Si^iiii Xu‘-an in the pi oil iffii i Imidt thi Lli/ii Buhmik i bu \ bihnid till bi! pi mine: watei in the -cotch PIimI 1 haid it Moik tn ing to die a dime out if i ciack in the flooi Mith 1 bn Mid pocket knife Cl 1^1 I bill 1 t,cnth gu7z ling gin and mi kic hiehballs '^uddinh tint i« tiiiific commo ticii fioni til lilt folloMcd b’v lapid t\ilo''Km The dooi ^mashi'rptn aid Toueh Gu\ DMight toiee 11 Mith thiie debutantes hangin nti hi co it tails The at n jh i t the i int acqune-' an 1 mi if ] 1 fume and mu^'k DMif.ht Rati cm up one time ■\ tie dnnl cinus up the giil t lit tl 1 1 fn till chid This bf i P\! It (he seats himself M In \ in \ itta and Mai tin 1)1 t lie nice Tutsda'v) in hi 111 iv tl get his feet tin ii lie DMiaht thioMs hi
Guys And Gals Go For Gala Galloping 1 he I\i me need Mill meit tin 11 n (\i 11 111 id n \t Sitiiidi> in (tl f till fcatiiiis of ( ill Mill T und 111(1 fii Mill mi\ ti ethii bum] 111 ( ith (thei some Mill fill Mhile ethii tu in then tcet Mu K le (lit (1 Pill due s caminis bind Mill inspnt the veutlis to Ming ind tiiin chinge then dntc tun ind ihange then pace The tn 4ne eecnt Mill be imdeitaken Mith out lights PhotOf,! iphcis Mull Man del fum side to suit taking shots of celebiities Intelesting happen mgs will be di cussed foi Mctks to come
glass of beei in I bell s f lei shout ing Ccnsidei yoinselJ baptized' The debutantes immi diatclv laee eaeh othei to the bai to see who 11 be the hickv one to buy Wes anothei di ml A. he t ai gument ensues Shots ling (lit Tmo of the debs fall to the flooi dead Call me a taxi yawns DMight ilicMsilj and send mt home Just chai ge it to Debus
Did ^(u 1 now th it ce liege stii dent aie ne\ei piimittid to see the eMinmation r|uoslions befoie the time set foi the examination This ]s so the^ Mill m t sec the ex animation (jnestions befoie the lime set foi the examination
EPIGRAM MODERNE When a fellow says his eai is out of g IS he s usually full of oil
—COILEGE— “Aie you a college man*^” No a hoise stepped on my hat
“Is that a genuine bloodhound’”' Sine Oscai come oyei heie and bleed toi the man ’
ARC
TdDA.'l A.XD MEONFSOAf
Tane ithers and Slim Summertille Pepper'’ —Tnd— Jack Perrin Ciungnt —also— C aitoon
FAMILY TODAY — M EDNESDAY Double Featme
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Conlorming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association. 322 State Life Bldg INDIANAPOLIS INDIANA
today — WEDNESDAY
TEAMED AT LAST!
—Plus— Mitket Mouse Cartoon
TODAY — TOMORROW
DOUBLE FEATURE
VICTOR MOORE GLENDA FARRELL-LEE DIXON-OSGOOD PERKINS ROSALIND MARQUIS
A screen full of stars An ejeful of girls An earful of rhythm An hour-and-half-full of startling sur prises'
-PLUS FEATURE NO. 2-
CROWDEd MINUTES OF DRAMA AS JEALOUSYBLAZESONTHEHIGHTRAPEZE'
Cffiois Gifts u I JUNE TRAVIS bob LIVINGSTON / DONALD COOK ' CHMUf HUHIIAY BITTY COMPSON It’s first run entertainment with an emotional impact'
LUMA lODAY — WEDNESDAY
LOLA lANE • ISABEL JEWELL EDUARDO CIANNELLI JANE BRYAN • ROSALIND MARQUIS • MAYO METHOT r ( II (I d — 1( li k e f I (liildren I S i
.THE,
EJiirrsi
FAMED NOVEL COlWES TO LIFE!
She’s The Hottest Bahy On Either Side The Wahash
N and that’s takin’ in a hell of a lot of territory. so IS OUR SERVICE
LAFAYETTE STREET RWY.
BEFORE AFTElt
Tliat sport is jolly well worth while. J think T’ll take up shooting.
That s m j card after 3 shots Mith a 22 Rifle
at
The 5 Spot Gun €lnh
212 Nirth 5th St I AIAIETTF
All Seats Reserved TWO DAYS ONLY Frida}, Saturda}, Apiil 30, May 1
50c and 75c '•Oc 75c $1 10
Box Office Open Daih at 11 V M Mail Orders Now
Matinee Eveninfc
Co-eds Love For It.. Eds Love With We Deliver It
■ ■
411 Popular Brands
C. V. STERLING TAVERN TIPPECANOE COOKS KAMMS
$479 CASE ■ 3 Bottles 25c
FRIEDMAN’S GROCERY and DELICATESSEN 826 Main Phone 3021 ‘ Free Delivei} Seriice ——11^——■ OPEN SUND4YS AND EVENINGS
shhhhhhhh!
HE’S HEADING /»'■
Continuous 24 Hour Service
Indianapolis Logansport Lafayette Frankfort
Wheeler’
$
420 MAINfuesday, April 27, 1937
THE PUKDUE EXPONENT
SSStL-
135 SLAUGHTERED IN PEACE-DAY STRIKE HERE
2^1- 2^
4- ☆
2m- 4- 4-
PURDUE PREXY SHOT!
Pacifists Ask No Truce In Battle For Peace Against ROTC; WSGA Cares For Wounded
BULLETIN
West Lafayette, Ind,, April 23—(ASU)—President Edward C. Elliott, who fought so valiantly for the R. O. T. C. forces yesterday, was captured by the Pacifist army at 2 a. m. this morning and ordered by Commander Smith to be shot. Prexy was crawling through the Pacifist lines in an attempt to reach a telegraph office where he intended to wire for Amelia Earhart to bring her flying laboratory to the aid of the R. O. T. C. His life was saved by his wife, however, who, just as Smith was about to give the firing order, woke him up and ordered him to give her part of the covers. "
By Lloyd Fibbons
West Lafayette, Ind., April 22—(ASU)—One hundred thirty-five students, faculty members, and townspeople lost their lives in the fiercely fought peace day demonstration at the Boilermaker institution today. Approximately seven others were reported injured by Elizabeth Ann Stewart, president of W.S.G.A., which in true Red Cross manner had taken
charge of all hospitalization.
The bloody slaughter was precipitated in Eliza Fowler Hall when “Pacifist” Buckles, fiery speaker for the Purdue Peace Committee, referred to some “yellow-bellied” something or other. His inference was not clear until he glanced in the direction of the section of uniformed R. 0. T. C. officer's. Buckles had barely shot his glance in that direction, when the voice of Frank Milner rang out, “Ready . . . aim . . . fire.” A volley of shots rang out and Buckles dropped to the platform waving a white handkerchief and crying, “Peace.” Note: By this time your correspondent was out of the door and half way across the campus. The remainder of the story was gotten by telephoning leaders of the opposing forces in their respective trenches.) W. R. Smith, chairman of the Peace Committee, asserted, “We are going to fight the battle out on this front if it takes all summer. Dr. Ralph W. Sockman said at the last religious convocation that ‘we must wage peace as men have hitherto waged war,’ and that is exactly what we are going to do. Yea, verily.”
At the R. 0. T. headquarters, however, Brigade Commander Glen W. Martin was taking a slightly different slant at the situation. Dead bodies were littering the campus
lawns, and Martin was worried. Martin, it see"ms, is also president of the Student Senate, in name at least, and the corpses were violating the Senate’s “Keep Oif The
No RAZZ.. Plenty JAZZ
With These
This Week’s BIG TEN OF VICTOR RECORDINGS
1. I Can’t Lose That Longing for You
25522
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
Boo-Hoo Song of India
Marie
September in the Rain What Will I Tell My Heart Stomping at the Savoy Vibraphone Blues . Mendelssohn’s Spring Song Liebestraun (Swing Versions) The Love Bug Will Bite You
Dreamy Eyes
Will You Remember? Farewell to Dreams Sweet is the Word for You In a Little Hula Heaven I Dream of San Marino
Seventh Heaven
They Can’t Take That Away From Me I’ve Got Rain In My Eye 25549
25523
25526
25521
25539
25548
4329
25532
25540
Hear these and your other favorites at McLEAN MUSIC CO.
MAIN STREET
Grass” signs.
“If those stinking cadavers don't get off the grass by moi’ning. I’m going to turn the full influence of the august body of student Senators toward prosecuting them to the full extent of the law.” (Note: Just what the extent of the law is Martin was not certain. The Senate has a constitution, but it hasn’t been used for so long that nobody knows where
it is...
Sadness prevailed at the Peace Committee camp when it was learned that the Reverend William A. McFadden, first in peace, had succumbed in battle. In respect to the defender of the peace cause. Chairman Smith ordered his cohorts to fast during the supper hour. Smith was emphatic in his declaration that the fact that the Pacifist Army had nothing to eat anyway was in no way connected with the
fast.
R. J. CRAIG
CAMPUS
TERROR
Says:
Vghn Ughf - - / get mg U andkerchiefs from SOUTHWOitlH^S
You, too, can get handkerchiefs at Southworths, and any other accessories—such as ties, shirts, collars, sweaters, slacks, sport coats, hats, underwear, pajamas, and almost anything else in the clothing line.
SOVTHWORTH’S In the Village
HARVEY CLINE
CAMPUS COMMENTATOR
Says:
‘I’ve been around here a long time, but
I’ve never tasted apything as good as those
waffles served in the Grill.’
(This statement was unsolicited from “Commentator Cline’*)
The Grill-Lounge
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
At the Corner of the Campus-—Yet the Center of Activities^('l/'Srlf
l*iiee F^uf
%,
f!
I
IIUUIIP II1 WiU
a
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
—DR\ — It IS icpoited to be '-o di\ in the Middle MVst that the ticcs aii o\cn sroinc to the dog's
—EXTRA— Did you know that even high-sal aiied Hollywood dnectois always tn to make a little extia’
ooH!!
When you see our new spring assoilinent of— SPORTING GOODS
DECKER’S Phone 6477 518-520 Main
Chance of “MAKING HER ” in the back seat of a YELLOW CAB PHONE 3071 - 5023
’Sponeni Scribes Select Shoes As Sporty Spook No spoits page is complete without a spoit and aftei much discussion and consideiation we move that the secietaiy be instiucted to cast an unanimous vote foi Union piexy Shoes Shoes, although he does not actually paiticipate in the moie vigoious activities, lecently pui chased— we think—and actually has the neive to weai the Numbei 1 lacetiack attiie of the campus The creation is soita white with laige, small, and middle sized gieen checks—he even has a vest and pants to match the damn thing Although his taste in clothing has taken a seveie iibbing'm the past few days, he pioves that he has plenty of the old stuff by taking the beating in the spirit that it was given Foi less foimal weai Fashionplate Shoes advo cates giease splatteied coids similai to those of Peisonality Plus Dwight Although most of us can’t see Shoes doing anything moic vigoious than ciunching creampuffs, we have Louise’s woid foi it that he has a wicked diive in the Theta lough But even his vouched foi powei on the lounge cannot excuse those god awful gieen checks—oi can it Louise’
‘Oh Yeah’ A boy was walking down the stieet wheeling two bicycles when he met a fiiend of his “Wheie’d you get the two bikes asked the pal “My gill ana i weie out foi a iide,” said the boy, ‘ and we stopped undei a tiee to lest Aftei a while I kissed hei ‘That’s nice,’ she said Then I put my aim aiound hei waist and asked hei how that was She said it was gieat So then I kissed hei on the othei cheek and winked at hei and she said, ‘Oh, boy, you can have anything I’ve goU’ So I took her bicycle ”
Scoop!
Exclusive photo by Exponent photographer ot Caiy Hall Big Shot McEachron and friend wife. Marge Blalock, leaving church at Rossville. 111
Ralph Stuckey Gets Leather Medal Award
Announcement was made last night by membeis of Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic and beei-dunking oineiy, of the awaiding of the Leathei Medal “to the man who has been of greatest service to Pm due University,” Ralph Stuckey, mana gei of the Union bowling alleys The award was PUSHED on to Stuckey, a modest, unassuming young man who no one had ever heard of until he left his grocery store job to become a BIG SHOT, m spite of his blushing protests “Aw, heck fellers I ain’t done nuthm’ out of de ordinary,” Stuckey replied when he was informed of the honor, “it’s really the pin-boys who deserve the credit they do all the work aiound here ” Instead of hanging the Leathei Medal on the wall beside the check room window in the Union, SDX membeis decided to hang Stuckey instead “We figured this would increase the prestige of the award” president Hardin explained
Wins Award
MISSED “Hello Coach ” “Say, Young, I thought I told you not to drink while in training ” “What makes you think I’ve been dunking, coach’” “I’m not the coach ”
Ralph M Stuckey, bowling alley big shot, and recipient of the SDX Leather Medal award
Beautiful But Not Dumb She Knows That She Can Get
'^EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
If
AT
H. G. Reisner Book StoreTuesday, April 27, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
pa fire- Ffve,
Why Look Up Here, You Dope,
“They were damn fine inspection trips, but we bad to spend too much time in the plants.” That is the consensus of opinion of the two groups of junior chemical engineers who spent last week inspecting chemical industries—one bunch in the East, the ■ other outfit in Chicago. ^ When you meet any of the following chemicals on the campus, just pop these' questions at ’em and you’ll hear about their trip . . . . yea, man! Prof. C. L. Lovell: “Who was the siren who showed you the hot spots of New York City until 5 a. m. Friday morning? And just where in the hell were you born anyway?” (Doc couldn’t convince the inspectors at the Canadian line that he is an American). Blair:—-How did it happen that you v^rote Ristow every night and then you weren’t on the train with the rest of the boys when she came over to meet you ? ” Bowman: “What were you doing
behind that rock on Goat Island as Devaney snapped a picture of you? (Have you had the pictures developed yet, Bill ?) Schenk: “Why did Kelly send you a special delivery air mail letter at every hotel ? Doesn’t the gal trust
you
Chicago Trip Ask Goodman, Dearth, Barrett, and Smythe to tell you about spending the wee and the not so Wee hours of Friday morning in Chinatown with a strip-tease dancer. (Dearth finally passed out, so Smythe stayed to take care of him, and Goodman and Barrett took the dancer home. The boys stayed all through seven floor shows just to get a chance to take her home.)
NECESSARY PRECAUTION Betty Barnett—I had to cover up my ?;ars at the talkies last night. Theta Sister—:The singing would have pained them, eh ? Barney—No, Wally would have bitten them off. ,
It’s A Knockout!
What is? Why the new PALM BEACH TUX. If you haven’t seen it, come in—^we will be glad to show them to you.
CLOTHESlSHOR INCi
Hampered by a slight log over the Intramural Field on about noon of Saturday last, the Beta Theta Pi haseball nine (nine is the usual number, but we believe the outfit should double the number to have any effect at all) felt that the overhanging cl6ud was too much to contend with in their challenging game with the hard hitting Phi Gam club. ■ —fc-— Saturday arrived and a slight fog along with it, if you will remember. . . . Phi Gamma Delta prepared to meet the 18 waving the Baby Blue and Pink . . . the phone rang . . .
a soft sweet voice, sounding a good deal like O’haver, rang over the I wires “We of Beta Theta |’i are I tremendously sorry, )1EN, that we :cannot afford to play that rough 1 sport with you iVlKN because the I dew on the baseball field will get i our tootsies wet, so we will thereI fore probably have to postpone the I game indefinitely" . . . <d i ’ . —fc--. j It was i'umored before the enj counter that there was dissension in jthe ranks, of the Beta crew as to who would, be the starting hurler . . . I O’haver wanted the whole show, and therefore stated that he wouldn’t, play unless he could pitch . ., . the argument increased until the game was definitely detained, but not without scratches and pulled hair. . . ■-—fr^—: The Beta battery is still a question although leading contenders for
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 */2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO-
the pitching and backstop duties, besides the egotistical sissy who wauls to play both positions (did you guess tt'haver?) are Dan Morse, l''reddy Mull, and 1’. D. Davis for the formf'i', and Don Brafford, Krnie Doke, and Frank Willey for the latter . . . the remainder of the team will be composed of those members who can leave their knitting long enough to play ball . . . —f C--Becausc of the sincerity of this mixed game between the two social organizations, O’haver has suggest-
ed that the best man for an dntpire Would be t.'aptain .Stu Becklcy X F. A., 1S. -A, , . . .since the dainty crew has done the challenging, it will be .satisfactory to (he Ffiji club if the inforiorify complexed army officer takes over the referee duties. ....
f' ''-i
The u.niver.'ify a.- a body a.nlifiunced ia.st rii,ght that all of -Jack O'ha'v'er’s frienfls would meet Him in the ea.st upstair.s telephone booth. r)f the Union after thi.s, issue. , .
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
C. GARTER for Mower Grinding and New Penn-sylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. LI
LAWNMOWERS
Sharpened
NEW and USED MOWERS
Free Delivery
F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath Machine & Fouiidrv
Sonth Third Street
They all meet at
PETER ANDERSON CO.
AUTO REPAIRING . . . . TOW SERVICE
525 Alabama St.
Phone 4048
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 ' 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
5 5 5 5 5
A NEW AND THRILL-
g ING GAME OF SKILL g
at
5 THE 5 SPOT GUN CLUB R 212 N. 6th St. -W RIFLE AND PISTOL AND 5 MACHINE SHOOTING Make This” Place Your East Side Headquarters 5 5 5 5 5
WE CANT ADVERTISE
BEER
BUT WE WILL SERVE
PAPS
SUTS
THE BLUE!
AVERN-TAY k T n I H .SIDE OF If ■ wl ■ the WABASH 01 1 L
i-'^1'
f.
•» ^ ^ 1 ► , '( s
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, April 27,1037
-STRICT— Dili you kno^v that once a student itied in class and they propped him up until the lecture ended. That is because they are so strict liere at Purdue.
J.A.WOHL
Dock McKee—M)’. Dwight, correct this sentence: “Girls is naturally better looking than boys.” . Wes Tnia Rum Dwiglit—“Girls i.--; artificially better looking than boys.” •
—PLUCK— li (ioesn'1 matter how you pluck your eyi'brows, you still can't make a noi.se like a banjo;
Then there was a girl called “Checkers" .•because she jumped whenever you inade a bad move.- .
NOTICES
No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Per-dew Faculty Boncheads And Stoofies "I'hi.’ irrcKiiliU' monthly moctimr will bo •lohl Tuesday, .‘\p>'il 27, at \ a', m. on . Uio roof , of Heavilon Hall. Oh, come, all yc 'a i 111 fill, - ■ E. C. EI:,HOTT.
ATTENTION ALL FISH IN MONKEY SUITS—l’lea.se will do entire corpse, only inidout batteries C-1, C-2, C-8, and 0-4. ass•mhle on Undieshiri Field at H a. m,. o’clock this morninu'. Gee, it would do my heart firood if these idler batteries ,C-1, C-2, C-H, and C-4) will kindly .show up on the rnnninu' track .iiist theasi, of the Armory. Affectionately, Lt. (lol. “SittinK Bull Brewer.,
Pliy.sics Students—-Test tomorrow. Brine oiir own iiaper. ■ I.ARK-HOBOVITZ,
I Pa.st Officers of W. S. G. A.—Distrilnij tion of 198(1 and 1937 I’raft will lie made I this afternoon in the Alpha Chi <lpn. ■-SCUDDER,
Card Players—All Union .Kamblini; debts i iciiuired in the card room niust be paid by : Sunday. —BILL BOD0EN,
PHEW Horesback Ridinir—Any girls still intere.stod in this class please see Betty Barnett for payment of slight fee to re^.I'uvenate the animals. .*■—Disappointed.
R. (). T. C. Fish—All students now enrolled in Military are cordially linvited to attend my 12:30 class iiext Tue.sday on Intramural Field. —HAYFOOT.
Hazard Gift Recipient
Delta, Upzilon Fratevnity, is, very proud to, announce that tliey are the proud donor.s of a new, high powered telescope to “Doc” ITazard, the mathematics department jiet, who live.s across the street. “Humpy” Hum.phreys, the guy who leads the,DU’.s astray, .stated that this was done because Doc and his brood have ■ been suffering with badly strained eyes lately from peering across the street too, much at night, tie also said that all is serene in this sector now'.
Etta Keppa News
Etta Keppa New, electrical engineering honorary, announces the pledging 'of 12- members of WRH, for their remarkable and unprecedentedly thorou.gh research in the dousing of electric lights. The coeds pledged are; Marian Alther, Treva Berry, Vivian Dammeyer, Louise *Daniel, Widla Graybill, Evelyn, Kessler, Mary McCluVe, Audrey Ney, Helen Steffee, Janet Roper, Dorothy Young, and Joan Wimborough.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
■ ' ■■■■ FOR MEl^'ONLY^j Out of ninety thousand Women there w^ill be eighty-nine thousand nine; hundred and nirvsty-four who will read this. The other six Will be blind.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL, A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
For dates with beantiful
girls —~ cal!
SUIT
for Free Pickup and Delivery
W.SlG.A, Date
,>iireaii
voii want
to have volit
clothes laundered
the more modern
and efficient way
call the
F I N E C LEAN E R S O F FINE C L O T H E S
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Service I PRINTING
PHONE
Office Sfationenr. . iX^eddins Invitationi Sales Books, Etc... ,
'-^ 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERR"y
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Closing Out Price
De Toe Art Colors J.SPERBHDW.
8n>S4 Main
Noah had two of everything on the ark. We have two or more of everything for the office or your study room.
HAYWOOD’S
INDIANA STATE PRINTERS Publishers of The Purdue Exponent LAFAYETTE, INDIA1\A
/
iHiliUiiili