f
<
St' I I,
ft V
£m 1. 't jpi • sgpi ifWmW bummer bession Ediiion
ffihE Purdue lExunueirt
Student Plewipaper Of Purdue Vniveraity
VOLUME OI^
LAFAYETTE* INDIANA, TUESDAY, JUNE 29,1937
NUMBER FOUlt
Colored Group Sings Tonight At First Summer Songfest Music Of Stepheu Collins Foster To Be Featured; Community Will Join In Vocal Program
of
Foster Hall Quartet of Indiaflapolis will present the melodies , Stephen Collins Foster, and the University community will join in the BitigiTi|» of both^present day and old time shngs at the first songfest of the 1937 Summer Session in Ross-Ade Stadium at 8 o’clock this evening. Students and faculty members of the University and residents of Lafayette, West Lafayette, and thb ^
surrounding community are invited to attend the sing. There will be no
charge for admission.
More than 4,000 persons attended the last musical affair of this kind during the last Summer Session,
The Poster Hall Quartet, formed 23 years ago, was the first colored organization to broadcast in Indiana. "the singers are being brought here by Trustee J. K. Lilly, of Indianapolis.
During ^ihe past few years, the colored songsters have appeared in person at Carnegie Hall, Pittsburgh, and have made broadcasts frOttii^
WFBM, Indianapolis, and KDKA of Pittsburgh, and they sang at the Townsend Presidential Convention
last summer.
The personnel of the quartet includes George Robinson, manager and first tenor; Wallace Woolf oik, second tenor; Edward Hammond, baritone; Clarence Hicks, bass; and Harry Campbell, accompanist.
The program includesi
1. Community Singing (Entire Audience) “My Old Kentucky Home” “Old Black Joe” 2. Foster Hall Quartet (Indianapolis) “Come With Thy Sweet Voice Again” “Massa’s in de Cold Cold Ground” “The Voices That Are Gone” 3. Entire Audiepce “NeUie Was A Lady” “Old Folks At Home” 4. Foster Hall Quartet “Old Dog Tray” “Gentle Annie” “The Glendy Burk” 5. Entire Audience “Some Folks Do” 6. Poster Hall Quartet “Come Where My Love Lies Dreaming” “Jeannie With the Light Brown Hair” “Angelina Baker” “Oh! Susanna”
PUBLICATION DATES
Summer Session Exponents will be published July 2, 8, 15, 22, and 29, and August 6 and 12.
Rural Music
Conference
Begins Today Stewart, Mahin' Speak This Morning; Session
La^ts Two Days
Albert P. Stewart, University music director, will preside over the two day rural music conference which will -be held in the Memorial Union Building beginning at 9 a. m today.
Stewart will speak this morning at 10 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building on “Community Music.” At 11 o’clock this morning Donald F. Mahin, manager of the educational division of Lyon and Healy, Inc., Chicago, 111., will speak in the same rooms on “Choral Music.”
Miss Blanche Young, supervisor of radio education in the Indianpolis schools, will speak at 3:30 this afternoon.
Tonight the Stephen C. Foster quartet of Indianapolis will sing at 8 in the Ross-Ade Stadium.
A. P. Stewart announced last night that the meetings Will be open to all who are interested, and that no registration or admission fee will be charged.
Ross Camp To Welcome IVewlywedded Kemmers
Ross Camp faculty and students will welcome Harry Kemmer, University civil engineering instructor, and his bride, the former Miss Doris Rothgeb, this afternoon when the couple journeys to Ross Camp after their marriage at New Haven, the bride’s home, Sunday. I
Professors Lommel, Todd, and Springer attended the ceremony and are ^arranging the reception for the Civil Engineering instructor and bride. ,Soon after the newlyweds are introduced to the civil engineers the bride will return home.
Purdue Institute Program
9:00
2:00
7:30
9:00
2:00
7:30 9:00
2:00 7:30
Today a. m.—“Geographical environment And Social And Political Problems Of Japan,” Dr. Huntingdon. “Standards Of Living And The Loss Of Land Ownership,” Dr. Baker. “How Big Can America Grow?” PrWessor Pitkin, p. m.—^“The Influence Of Mechanical Power And The Short WorkDay,” Dr. Kimball. “The Population Prospect,” Dr. Baker. ' “Are Mass Migrations A Solution?” Professor Pitkin, p. m.—Outdoor Song Fest (Ross-Ade Stadium). Featuring the Foster Hall Quartet under the auspices of J. K. Lilly. Tomorrow a. m.—^“Teaching Geography By The Visual Method,” Colonel ■ Devereux. “Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of Argentine And Chile,” Dr. Huntington. “Some Economic And Social Implications Of i'he Population Prospect,” Dr. Baker. p. m.—“How To Keep Out Of War ?” Professor Pitkin. “Geographical Environment And Opportunities For Women,” Dr. Gilbreth. “The Conservation Of Human Resources,” Dr. Baker, p. m.—^”A Map Of^ The World’s Factories,” Dr. Kimball. Thursday a. m.—^“What Must Children Learh About The World?” Professor Pitkin. “Geographical Environment And Home Occupancy,” Dr. Gilbreth. “Demonstration Of Visual Education In The Field Of Geography,” Colonel Devereux. p, TO,—^“America For Americans,” Professor Pitkin. “Technology And Leisxure,” Dr. Kimball. “Planned Leisure,” Dr. Gilbreth. p. m.—^“Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of Thn United States,” Dr. Huntington.
Summer Students Rehparse Roles For Thursday Evening^s Productions
Two student produced and stu-' dent acted plays will be presented on a Ijirge stage erected at the north end of Ross-Ade Stadium at 9 o’clock Thursday evening, following the early evening lectures on the campus.
The first play is “The Neighbors,” classic of small town comedy by Zona Gale, famous Wisconsin author—^the writer of “MiSS LUlU Bett.” The Other is “Peace Maneuvers,” comedy and melodrama by Richard Harding Davis, world traveler and correspondent.
Fair Weather Is Sign In the event of rain, the program will be postponed until the same time Friday evening. Fair weather after the supper hour will indicate that the performance will be given as scheduled, H. Kenn Carmichael, director Of University ‘dramatics, said yesterday.
Rain has not fallen on the past outdoor sings and outdoor programs.
Each play will have as its background a complete set of scenery designed and executed by students in the two University summer courses in play production.
Acted In Outdoor Scene “Peace Maneuvers” will be acted in an outdoor scene with woodwings and backing, framing a roadway hemmed in by a gay white garden fence and a rustic stone wall. “The Neighbors” will be played in a novel “cutdown” interior suggesting the walls of a homey room.
Dr. Pitkin^ Cites Tragic Unbalance Of Natural Wealth
“A strip of the best possible land suitable for tillage from Cape Cod, Mass., to Charleston, S. C., extend ing across the Atlantic Ocean 800 miles wide to Africa would be needed for the creation of a modern Utopia to maintain the rest of the world on the present American diet,” exclaimed Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, Columbia University professor, lecturer, and author who discussed the great unbalances of natural resources throughout the world yesterday in an address at the Purdue Technology Institute.
The unbalances, Pitkin said, consist of food, shelter, security, health, power, raw materials, and human abilities. Only in northwestern Europe and the United States do favorable balances and distributions of our natural resources exist.
Own 75 Per Cent “Ther^^ is a tragic unbalance of every resource, and a dangerous concentration of them the world over,” said Pitkin. “If one would add together all resources of the English speaking peoples, he would find that they own 75 per cent of all technological resources, which includes natural resources, and 60 per cent of our food resources.”
The United States, he said, has shorages of; 10 per cent lead; 20 per cent nitrates; 100 per cent manganese; 90 per cent nickel; 100 per cent chromite; 60 per cent tungsten; 76 per cent wool; 76 per cent mercury; 100 per cent tin and antimony.
Dr. Pitkin pointed out that, even at this, America is so far ahead of the rest of the world that she is causing serious hnimosity. Japan, he said, would be impotent in any military action because of lack of resources.
Rosback, Sophomore Mechanical, Near Death
R. E. Rosback, sophomore mechanical, who recently fractured his seventh cervical vertebra while swimming in Wildcat creek has been removed to his home in Benton Harbor, Mich., from the St. Elizabeth Hospital.
The printing of the flats and setpiteces was begun yesterday, and by ■tomorrow the players exjiect to rehearse in the settings which will be temporafil;^ set up in the basement of the Union Building.
Packed The Court The first outdoor productions two summers ago packed the Union court to its capacity of 1,000 spectators. With the moving of the stage to the stadium last year it was possible to accommodate the hundreds of persons attracted to these events. Over 3,000 people attended the last outdoor performances.
The entertainment is offered by the Summer Session recreational committee to all students, faculty members, and townspeople. There is no admission charge.
Lights and sound amplification will be provided through the services of the buildings and grounds department of the University.
Institute Banquet Tickets Go On Sale
Tickets for the joint Industrial Personnel Institute and the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology banquet priced at $1 per person have been placed on sale at the Union desk, at the Institute headquarters desk in Union lobby and at a desk in Eliza Fowler Hall
Little hope was expressed for Rosback vfho is paralyzed from his third rib down.
President Edward C. Elliott will preside at the informal dinner at which Gov. M. Clifford Townsend will give an address.
Following the dinner the combined group of the two institutes will gather in Fowler Hall to hear Amelia EUrhart, provided that she is back from her round the world flight.
Amelia Starts On Hop To New Guinea From Australia
Port Darwin, Austrailia, Jime 28 —^Amelia Earhart Putman left here at 3 p. m. (CST) today on a 1,600 mile hop to Lae, New Guinea. Miss Earhart flew here from Dutch East Indies.
She expects to sail to Howland Island from Lae.
Miss Earhart, flying an $80,000 silver monoplane purchased by the Purdue Research Foundation, is on her second attempt to fly around the world, having cracked-up at Honolulu on her first effort.
Baker Discusses
Population Trend
Dr. O. E. Baker of the United States agricultural department declared yesterday before the Pui^due Institute on American Policy and Technology that one quarter of the farms of the nation might be bought by the government and returiied to forests with no more effect on commerdial production than a good rain in the corn belt.
Dr. Baker continued by saying, “Children may be as valuable as food in the cities a few decades hence. In the large cities at present ten adults are raising only about seven children. Shohld the birth rate fall no farther, these sev^fl woMd raise five children, and these five would have only three ahd oue-half. At this rate, in three generations, or a century the population of the large cities would decline to about one-third the present number were there no immigration from the rural regions or from foreign lands.”
Other speakers on yesterday’s program included Dr. Lilian Gilbreth, Dr.'Pitkin, Dr. Huntington, Dr. Ki^IntU. and Dr. Owen D. Young.
America Must Expand Production Says Young
GE Executive Presents Problem Of
Getting A Better Living Than Ever
America needs to expand rather than merely to restore production if economic progress is to continue, declared Owen D. Young, of New York, chairman of the board of General Electric Company, and international figure in industry and finance who spoke last night at the Purdue Institute on American Policy and Technology. His subject was “The Science
61 Register For Personnel Course Credit
Program Continues In Union After 9 O’clock This Morning Sixty-one persons had registered yesterday afternoon for credit in the University Industrial Personnel Institute which is being held in the Union Building under the auspices of the University personnel department, the schools of engineering, and the Indiana Personnel Association.
This morning’s program starting at 9 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union, will include talks by John A. Stephens, manager of industrial relations for the Chicago area of the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Co., Albery Sobey, director of training of General Motors at Flint, Mich., and N. B. Giles, from the United States department of education, Washington, D. C.
Tonight’s Program Tonight’s program will consist of speeches by Paul Dildine, manager of factory standards of the B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, O., W. A. Rudolpsen, general superintendent of the Belden Co., Richmond, and Charles Bowden, production superintendent of the Ohio Public Service Co., Alliance, O.
Owen D. Young, financier and chairman of the board of the General Electric Co., Schnectady, N. Y., addressed the Personnel Institute as well as the PurdUe Institute on American Policy and Technology last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. The text of Dr. Young’s address will be found elsewhere in this morning’s issue of the Exponent.
of Better Living.’’
In seeking to solve the problem the last few years. Young pointed out that “we have taken accumulated purchasing power from those who have an excess over present needs and redistribbted it to those having little or none. By that method we maintained a reasonable minimum production of consumer goods and have restored slowly the production of capital goods.
That Is The Challenge “It was an effort to maintain a low standard of living during a great depression. Now that the emergency is Wen we face squarely the question of how W'^get a better living than we have ever had. Are we to try to get it by cooperation and persuasion through peaceful evolution or by force and revolution? That is the challenge to the Science of Better Living.”
Young urged first a fair appraisal of what has been done, second, that adequate facts be collected and these facts submitted to methodical study for projection of future plans, and, third, the marshalling of the irresistable force of good will and resultant good manners in the procedure of peaceful progress.
Needs Appreciation “(in the first point,” he said, “we sadly need to re-establish in the minds uf the people of this nation some true appreciation of what has been done. Their momentary habit is to blame the economic system and its leaders for all their troubles. Their simplest remedies range all the way from smashing the machine to killing off of the leaders.
“I know the defects of the system. I am not unaware of the unfortunate failmes of some of its leaders, but I venture to suggest that if our motor car stalls and we really wrant to get to our destination quickly, it would be wiser not to take a sledge hammer, sma^h the machine and murder the chauffeur. It would probably be the part of wisdom to (Continued on page 4)
English Speakers Headline Today’s Agronomy Program.
Hon. Duncan Marshall, minister of agriculture in the province of Ontario, Canada, and Arthur G. Street, dairy farmer from England, will headline the annual University field day to be held today at the Purdue Agronomy farm. Marshall has spoken at the University on a number of occasions, and Street has gqined a reputation as speaker through his broadeasts over the British Broadcasting Company,
Many farmers from northwestern Indiana are expected to attend the field day. E, E. Fultx, Jasper county
<?. d’TTCBEr
agricultural leader, ia heading a delegation of 150 from his conn^ to the conference.
The meeting will get under way this morning at 9 o’clock with group tours, piloted by memb^ of the University staff, through the experimental fields and plots-
The Canadian and British gueste,^ who are In the UniWI States ttur a tour of the eornhelt and a series of eipht lectures, wiR speak at the basket dinner to be held at noon in the big grove on the Purdue farm, at the east edpe of Lafayette on state road ^ about three mfies out.
\
■‘ I
» 'll (A*
A> '5S1
Vi M
%
lij ilie ^tttbue exponent
VmiiM te ISM
>1
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergrad* uate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unlMS otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Main Office, 812 North Fifth Street, Phone 5087. „ Campus Office, Student Senate Room, Memorial Union Building, Phone 4005. R. P. MANION Editor-in-Chief D. C. MILLER Business Manager Entered as second class giatter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the Special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session. Tuesday, June 29, 1937 University Students Determine Preferred Letter Of Application Of interest to the teachers, business men, industrialists, and government officials assembled here for the University's first personnel institute and to students interested now or presently in applying for a job will be the conclusions drawn from a thesis prepared last semester by two University undergraduates. The purpose of the thesis was to aid the graduating Purdue student by determining the most preferred letters of application. The contents of letters of application are outlined in many English and personnel books. The correct form of application from the employer’s viewpoint, however, has never been definitely defined. The aim of these two students, Louis Putze, P. S. E. '38, and Russell Hulse, M. E. '37, was to select the letter whose appearance "and form appeal to the employer who is continually receiving requests for employment. More than one hundred employers who have hired Purdue men in the past were mailed ten forms of application for jobs with a request to indicate their first three preferences, in order, as to form. Ninety answers were received, and it was from these that results of thesis were determined. The ten letter forms sent out included long* letters with personnel qualifications included as a part of the letter and short letters accompanied by personnel information blanks. The long letter classification was divided into
handwritten* typeWiittefi,^ cai?bon and mineographed forms, while the sho|*t letters consisted of a letter written in any of the above styles and accompanied by either a standard or personal informdtiori blank. Important conclusions developed from the thesis follow: The short typewritten letter with a typed standard personnel information blank was rated first in 61 per cent of the ratings received on the ten forms submitted. This form was preferred because it gives information of essential interest in a well organized manner. It is especially preferred for engineers because such applications are referred to department heads and foremen who appreciate a typewritten statement. The short typewritten letter with the typewritten personnel blank (Here the applicant makes up his own personnel information form and thus avoids answering unfavorable questions and leaving questions unanswered) was rated second by 24 per cent of the employers contacted. The same favorable comments as reported on letter number one applied to this letter, but some personnel directors found fault with this type. The standard personnel blank, they said, allows them to size up a candidate more rapidly. The short handwritten form letter with a typewritten personnel blank was chosen by approximately 20 per cent of the raters as the third most preferred form. This form was preferred especially where the applicant is interested in accounting or industrial engineering, because it gives a sample of the applicant’s handwriting and shows the legibility of his figures. It was also preferred by many employers as it furnished a specimen of the applicant’s handwriting for character study. Neither the long handwritten nor long typewritten letters of application was given a very high rating. Reactions to the mimeographed, carbon copy, and night letters were all negative. About 3.3 per cent of the employers indicated that they had no preference at all as to form of application. All employers agreed that all letters should contain a small, full face photograph of the applicant. One surprising feature of the survey was the close agreement of opinions of the personnel directors. More than 20 per cent of the group named their first three preferences in practically the same order.*"
In The Mail To The Editor
1
(Editor’s Note: Foliowinar is a letter from Dorothea Justin, a junior science student at Purdue and an Associate Co-ed Editor on the Exponent, who is enrolling: in summer school at the University of Michig-an. Miss Justin will correspond for this paper during the summer on campus life at the Ann Arbor institution.) ’ Ann Arbor, Michigan Saturday Afternoon June 26 Dear Rip, Here I am in the Michigan League —the women’s union building. It’s fancy and part of it is beautiful. There is some lovely wood paneling in. the dining room and main lounge. I’m sorry that I can’t send an article today, but I’ve been running around strenuously, and not getting much done. In the first place I taxied out to the Betsy Barbour last night, and was put up in the guest room. They didn’t have a reservation for me! Bright and early this morning I showed up at the ofiice of the dean of women, there to find others in the same fix—^they didn’t have rooms. Office Is Flurried The dean’s office was fiurried, hot, and stuffy. The officials were searching madly for cancellations in dorms, doubles or singles, in sororities or private homes. I was rather disgusted. I’m here at the League for the night. I have a pleasant room with private bath, but I’m paying plenty for it. One great advantage the Purdue Union has over this is its free phones. Here the phones in the public booths are pay stations, a nickel a call. T^ cents is charged for each outgoing call from a room! Couldn’t Register This afternoon, having rebathed and redressed, I felt cooler and went to register, there to discover that no one enrolling in the subjects I wanted to take could register that afternoon, because of a death in the family of a stenographer in that office. So I don’t think this is a hot start. I’m already missing Exponent and the company thereof. I rather wish I had stayed home this sumnjer and gone away next summer. I’ll buzz by the office of the Michigan Daily and write you of what I find there. The campui seemis vast, and they have some large buildings. I'll get plenty of practice in walking this summer. ' Good luck on Expo, and a story apon— Dorothea.
Collegiate
By Orval Lorenz
Can you wiggle your ears? According to Professor Hunt of the Zoology department of Michigan State, it IS merely the ape-man in you. Prof. Hunt asserts that prehistoric man had to wiggle his ears in order to sharpen his sense of hearing. Therefore, he says, it is a definite inheritance from the apeman that enables some, even to the present day, to wiggle their ears. * * * Among the students enrolled at Northwestern University are two Beers, a Beerman, a Brewjer, a Booz and a Bender. Strangely enough there are no Hangovers. I* * * The college regulations of Dartmouth College provide that “members of the Freshman class are not alliiwed to have or to operate a motor vehicle in or near the vicinity of the College during the college year.” * * * Absent-mindedness does not belong exclusively to professors at the University of Wichita. At a concert given by the university R.O.T.C. the clarinet soloist forgot to play until the number was almost over. * * * Having a girl during the spring quarter, calculates a math wizard at the University of Minnesota, is equivalent to carrying ten extra hours, for which you get some credit hut no-honor points. * * )if How to send an adequate reply to the following letter from a prospective student puzzled the registrar of the University of Texas: Kind Sir: As I want to patronize a good university, please let me know if one is allowed to smoke or chew on your campus grounds. Thanking you for the prompt reply,- as I stand in wait for same. * * * A New York University professor who particularly has an aversion to gum chewers has classified them in five types. First, the type which chews with a gentle oscillating motion, like a contended cow. ' Next, the type which chews to the rhythm of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Thirdly, the kind known as “railroad chewer,” which produces noises like the clickety-cUck of a train.
University Calendar
Tomorrow 8:00—Rural Leadership School, Lounge, Union. 9:00—Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. Personnel Institute Meeting. Faculty Lounge, Union. Rural Music Conference, Rooms 1 and 2, Union. 12:00—Personnel Institute Luncheon, Ballroom, Union. Rural Music Conference Luncheon, Reception Room, Union. 7:30—Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. Thursday 8:00—Rural Leadership' School, Faculty Lounge, Union. 9:00—Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. Personnel Institute Meeting, Faculty Lounge, Union. 12:00—Personnel—Institute Luncheon, Ballroom, Union. 7:30—Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. 9:00—Outdoor Plays, Ross-Ade Stadium.
The fourth type are those who synchronize their mouths with their pencils. A last most annoying class are the ones who time the movements of their jaws with the speed of the lecturer.
TODAY — WEDNESDAY ' A Poramounl PIcturt with Gail Patrick* Ricardo Cortei Akim Tamiroff * JuM Martil —PLUS—
COULD^VIORK MIRACLESy
COMING THURSDAY William Boyd in “North of the Rio Grande” —and— I* Jean Muir In “White Bondage”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
We got R new columnist today. There probably won’t be anymore D & B because no one will write it and anyway who cares. Miss tex WILSON has a good thing; this little gal lives with the PHI TAUS—about 15 of them, poor tex? Kernel and Theiss are awful fine to go swimming with and really show the lads wot a fine place summer school is. Well, sorta anyway. Unless they can prove that their love for school keeps them from breaking it off, we’ll leave the SIGS classed first in our dummie section —^there’s about 20 of them in summer school and, unless late reports from the outposts bring in a new count, that’s a record. The gals are ahogging about the NEW wsga HOURS. They never war none before. And, incidentally, we have two Mars’ passes for the person who can best express our contempt and dirision for W. S. G. A. Example: Weak, Silly, Grandiose, Asinine or What Slaves Gals Are. Put them in the Expo box at the Union desk. No. ginny hulse isn’t registered in summer school, but we agree that she might as well be. She just does not want to leave her PUTZE unprotected with all these wild school teachers running around loose. Dear Fielder’s Choice: I happened to be passing your house yesterday and, although it was hardly recognizable, it seemed from your antics that you were venturing into the art of kite flying. Your lack of skill and ability is amazing. As a kite flyer you’re sad. You couldn’t fly a canary on a string. Dean Matthews Elected National Society Head Prof. Mary L. Matthews, dean of the University school of home economics, was elected national president of Omicron Nu, honorary home economics society, at the biennial concl^ave last week at Kansas City, Mo. Miss Mary Taylor of Elkhart, president of the Purdue chapter, was also present for the meeting. Forty chapters of the national organization were represented. Alpha Chi Members Go To National Conclave Culotta Holden, Chicago, 111., junior home economics student and president of the local Alpha Chi Omega sorority, and Frances Eastburn, West Lafayette, sophomore home economics student, are enroute to Glacier Park, Mont., to attend the Alpha Chi Omega national convention which begins this week.
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
Joel McCrea and Joan Bennett in “Two in a Crowd” —and— Valerie Hobson in “Tugboat Princess” —also— Comi-Color Cartoon
ARC Starts Today for 5 Days
FIGHT! LOUIS vs BRADDOCK
Official Fight Pictures Blow by Blow.
First and Only Lafayette Showing!
-and there’s nothing that burns me up more than waiting for the phone call that don’t come,”
Looking Backward
June 28,1936 , Ross Camp pounds out 9-5 victory over the Summer School baseball team. Losers outhit civil camp 12 to 7. June 29,1936 ^ Dean bukes opens Monday evening informal chats on science. Faculty members return from fo^ty-fourth annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. July 2, 1936 Over 350 students and faculty members attend Summer Session picnic at Ross Camp. Refreshments and display of fireworks are featured in the program.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Cool For Your Comfort
Smew AIN
Today — Tomorrow TWO FIRST RUN HITS SHE RAN OUT on Her Own Wedding to Follow a News Scoopi The roaring romanc e of a girl feporter.
With
GORDON JONES FRANK JENKS RICHARD LANE .BRADLEY PAGE
E y
Plus Second Feature
^ANOTHER JOVIAL JAUNT with the skipper of them all!
Iter Brennan His Fiipst Starring Role!
with Mary Brian, Lyle Talbot
STARTS THURSDAY
Bette
Lee Tracy
Davis
Diona Gibson
in
in
Marked
Behind the
Woman
Headlines
ARB YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
MAM TODAY — WEDNESDAY Robert TAYLTR 1 in the most important story he has ever had.
Bartara STANwriil
msssm /k with ^ § VICTOR McLAGLEN COMING THURSDAY Pat O’Brien Henry Fonda Margaret Lindsay
//
SLIM
//
LUMA TODAY — WEDNESDAY
fHOM , liaDMD'
A Paramount Pidurt with . -^Dorothy lomour • lew Ayres Gilbert Roland • Karen Morley Lionel Atwiil. Helen Mack
COMING THURSDAY Akim Tamiroif in “The Great Gambini” —and— James Dunn in “Venus Makes Trouble”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS' I u
V
i
I
.'I .
I
.'I .
TmBSday» 29» .19871
Baseball STANDINGS
National League W. L. Pet. Chicago 36 24 .600 St. Louis 35 24 .693 New York 36 25 .690 Pittsburgh 32 27 ", .642 . Brooklyn 27 30 .474 ' Cincinnati 24 36 .470 Philadelphia 24 36 .400 Boston 23 36 .390 American L^hgue ’ ’ * W. L. New York-.... ^7 21 .638 Chiqafeo : 86 20 1688 Detroit 34 26* .667 Boston 31 124 .664 Cleveland'.A '88 “29 .491 Washington 26 33 .441 Philadelphia 20 36 .357 St. Louis 20 37 .361 American Association W. L. Pet. Minneapolis 39 29 .674 Toledo 1- 38 30 .6^9 Indianapolis 32 31 .608: Columbus 33 36 .486 Milwaukee 31 33 .484 Louisville 30 34 .469 Kansas City 28 32 .467 St. Paul 28 37 .431
Marquette Relays Wiil t)raw Athletes Jliis Week-End
The nation's greatest athletes will compete for honors in the fiftieth annual National A. A. U. outdoor track and field championships at Marquette University next Friday and Saturday.
The cinder grCats attracted to this meet will include a majority of the members of the 1936 American Olympic team. Men will qualify here for the^Pan-American exposition games at Dallas, Tex., Jxily 1518, and for foreign tours to be made by-the -outstanding athletes.
Junior events, for all amateurs who have not won^a senior or fia^ional championship, will be’ contested on Friday, July 2. Trials of most events as well as finals of the 10,000 meter run (senior and jun-« ior), hammer throw and weight throw will* start at 2 p. m. The junior finals will be contested beneath floodlights at night, starting at 8 o’clock.
Senior national championships, trials and finals, are billed for 2 p. m. Saturday, July 3. If seftii-final heats are necessary in the dashes and hurdles, the trials will be run that morning.
While
Footwear
HI-STEPS STRAPS SANDALS SPORT OXFORDS
$098 and $3.98
DOWNSTAIR’S SHOE DEPARTMENT
LdEB & HENE CO.
W
hanks, Jeeves,
1 askedi for
TRUIVKS"
# More men wear Jantzen trunks. Because they fit better than any trunks
ever made, and retain that fit permanently. Because they are highly styled, very smart, with exclusive day-long comfort and appearance features foimd in no other trunks. Because they are superbly tailored ficom sturdy mas-
culine fabrics*
Jantzen Trunks , ♦ . . |2.95 to $i.9^
DECKER’S
6i8-620 lilAiN ST.
PHONE 6477
TttE PURDUE SUIMGRER jgaPQMENrr
»
ielHer’s*.., ....choice
Sam Wuletich is the summer school athlete. We’re not vouching for his ability, but for his enthusiasm. About the only sport he isn’t signed up for is badminton.
—^fc—
It looks like the Boss Campers made a bad selection for their baseball captain. Your columnist doesn’t think he ever played baseball before. I:^ the game Saturday With
the Summer School nine, Jim didn’t hit safely and fanned on two of his three official frips to the plate.
'-<v . ^
The mixed swikns are fun. They (ktkne ^at eigljit in the evening' on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Bring your girl friend and come
along. —^fc—
Gapies on the Green should be better supported. In the future they will come after dinner and last until dark. Mixed games are planned for the various teams will be composed of half men and half women.
—^fc—
Dear Bold and Black: I happened to read your copy last night and I want to correct any misconception of my kite filling skill that you may have. Say listen, you dope, I was flying those things when you were still in rompers. Where I come from they raise kite flyers. We have soap box derbies. We just take a soap box, tie a string to it, and fly the thing. You may think that I’m bragging, but I won the county championship one year by flying my soap box kite by radio control from the ground. Maybe yon would like to engage me in a little kite flying competition sometime.
DR. A. M. miON
DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
You too will vote
“Doc” Anderson’s garage service the most satisfactory and economical.
Your car can receive no finer or quicker service than it will receive at “Doc” Anderson’s.
24 Hour Service
Peter
Anderson
Phone 4048
6th & Alabama
Wargb Hurls Stunmer School Niue To 13-8 Win Over Ross Camp University Pitcher Fans 17 As Team^ mates Win Initial ICilt Of Series
By Dick Obenchain Pitcher Wargo of the summer school nine held the Ross Camp squad to five hits and struck out 17 opposing batsmen Saturday as the University team took the campers into town by the score of 13 to 8. In the first inning the summer school batters took advantage of hits, walks, and various misplays by the visitors to bat around before the campers could retire them. In this
inning the^ summer school nine scored eight runs on three hits to take a lead that was never threatened in the entire contest. Leads Batting Besides his exhibition of pitching skill, Wargo led the hitting for the afternoon by getting a double and two singles in five^ips to th6 plate. The only other dttea base clouts were a double bv/^itt and a triple by Conklin for the visitors. The game was filled With walks and strikeouts as the two Ross Camp hurlers, Norris and Howell, fanned nine of the home team hitters and allowed the same number of free trips to first. Wargo issued seven passes to the visitors. Hope For Revenge Except for their disastrous first inning, the Ross Campers outscored their opponents and, as a result, they hold high hopes for revenge in the game to be played between the two teams at Ross Camp next
Thursday.
A summary of the game follows.
SUMMER SCHOOL
Player A.B.
Caporaso, ss 6 Wuletich, 2b 3 Rowell, 3b 6 Doan, lb 5 Wargo, p 5 Clark," c 2 Pogue, If 4 Manlove, cf 3 Peterson, rf 6
R.
3 1 2 1 2 1 1 1 1
H. Gregory Named National President Of Dairy Croup
Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the University dairy department, was elected national president of the American Dairy Science Association at its annual meeting last week in Lincoln, Neb. The meeting was held on the campus of the University of Nebraska.
Prof. B. E. Horrall, also of the Purdue dairy staff, was elected secretary of the manufacturers division at the annual meeting. Other University representatives in attendance were: W. H. Brown, Prof. E. H. Parfitt, Prof.'J. H. Hilton, Prof. R. E. Roberts, J. C. Flakes, and Prof. E. T. Wallace.
Ciie Contedi Progresses
Competition Still Open; Three Prhs^ Offered Eiieh Brandb
Summer tournaments in the Union Billiard Room are arousing interest among the summer school bQliard enthusiasts. Entries do imt close for a week, but already many leaders from winter school Imve entered the three types of gam^ contested.
In rotation pocket billiards, E. Ij. Gingrich has Won three gdmes and H. Snyder has won one. H. Slesser, C. F. Milvo, and W. G. Kowiadc have yet to play off their matches.
In straight rail billards, D. M. Boatright has won two gam^, and B. B. Heine, E. H. Stinebaugh, and H. Swank have yet to contest.
M. J. Brush and D. M. Boatright have won two games each in the three cushion tournament. Stinebaugh has won a game in this ctmtest, and A. Slesser and H. Mangel have not played.
Prizes will be awarded to the first three place winners in each tournament. Any one interested in entering these contests may do so and still have a chance at the prizes.
PATBONBB THE EXPONENT
ADVEBTlBBtS
Totals 38 13- 10
ROSS CAMP Player A.B. Raitt, 2b 6 Fisher, lb 4 Quebe, 3b 2 Tomzak, 3b 2 Zachary, ss 3 Molzahn, If 3 Conklin, c 4 Ohman, cf 3 Pease, rf 0 Baumle, rf 3 Norris, p 1 Howell, p 1
R. H.
Totals ...32
Score by innings
Ross Camp .... 020 020 130
8 5
Summer Sch’l 802 010 llx 13 10
Co-eds Will Picnic Thursday Evening
Faculty and women Summer Session students will meet for a picnic Thursday evening from 4 to 7 o’clock, at the Women’s Athletic Association’s Cabin. Tickets priced at 25 cents may be purchased at the Women’s Gymnasium after 4 p. m. today. Tennis, horseshoes, and ping pong tournaments will be held under the leadership of a recreational class.
Rising Goes To Boston • For 1937 SPEE Session
Prof. Justus Rising, head of the drawing division of the University department of practical mechanics, left yesterday for Boston, Mass., where he will attend the annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. Professor Rising will show the sound motion picture he has made in the University drawing rooms for teaching proper lettering to mechanical drawing students. He is a member of the executive committee of the S. P. E. B. drawing section.
Glen Downey Operated On For Appendicitis
Glen M. Downey, co-captain of this year's basketball five and winner of the Big Ten award for the senior showing the greatest combination of proficiency in scholarship and athletics, was operated last night in the Home hospital for appendicitis.
It will pay you to shc^
—' at the convenient Pnr- ^, due 5-10-$1.00 store.
Delicious Candy—^Desk Supplies—Stationery PURDUE 5 -10 - $1.00 STORE
Across fi::pm the Post OflBce in the Village
Downey was brought to the hospital from Michigantown in an ambulance Jabt evening at 8. He is Reported to have been rather sick.
We try to make our every SERVICE AN ACE
It has always been a Union policy to furnish or satisfy the students’ needs and demands in the manner that seemed most fulfilling and satisfying. It is in this manner that the following services have been iniiiatwt and maintained.
Barber Shop Bowling Alley Billiard Room Browsing Room Music Room
'The Lounges Sweet Shop Grille , # The Cafeteria The Chestnut Room
Free Telephone Service
If there is anything you think the Union should install or change, please tell us about it.
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
Cm* of
J\/
/
' \
f S/'
/■
i j
&
a? if
I ’ f >
' iv*^
THE PURPlJE 8t|[!iftl|;l| gKPOWim*
ROTC Siunmer Camp Boys E^ Theiy Money The Hard Way At Fort Knox^ Ky, • - ^“ - - - "teaHnHaidf' '■' "■*■** ■*'■*'
By J.E. Brock ‘ attfwdtt Bator. tM BkOraent
\ Fort Knox, Ky., June 28—They’re Naming their expense money the hard wnyl Swfeatshop wages of 70 cents a day (with plenty of sweat) is what the R. 0. T. C. summer camp boys are getting out at Fort Knok for a very full day’s work. Looking at it from another angle, though, they are very fortunate. They are getting paid to go to
school.
^ the universities from which they come, they must pay tuition, room, board, book and incidental expenses. At Fort Knox they are receiving instruction m subjects that will be of value in any line of work they may choose to pursue, they are completing the necessary work for their commissions as second lientenants in the Officers’ Reserve Corps of. the United States Army, they are learning a great deal of professional courtesy that will be useful in later life, and they are receiving room and board as well as the pay mentioned above. Sure They Complain Of course they complain—about €ver3rthing—but they do that only because they are expected to. Privately they admit that the meals are fine, that they are building up their health for another gruelling year at school, and that they are getting a big kick out of their first
C. CARTER for Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Keys Duplicated PHONE 8291 State & Main W. Lafayette
taste of real army life. Their uniforms may fit a little loosely, but they are uniforms, and these Isds take a pardonable pride in wearing the uniform of their government. It is with reason that they are ready to hit the hay when night falls. When “first call” sounds at 6:30 a. m. they roll out of bed/^ Reveille doesn’t sound until 5:40, but they have to do a lot before assembly^afj; 6:46; they haVe to wash, shave, cdmb their half, dress, and be ready to go by 6:46, and they have to hustle. Clean Up Barracks After assembly, they have a little time to clean up the barracks, and then they go to morning mess at 6:00 o’clock. 'They have plenty of good, “wake-up” food; and when they finish, they carry their plates to the scrap cans where they scrape them for the kitchen force. Returning to their barracks, they have time to complete the clean-up before the regular duties start at 7:00 o’clock. At this point, the duties of the different branches of service (infantry, field artillery and engineerfantry, field artillery, and engineers) begin to differ. Those of the field artillerymen, which are typical, will be discussed. Prom 7:00 till 7:60, the boys go through what is known as “close order drill,” consisting of marching to commands in ranks. Some of the boys are instructed to command the others, and for the better part of an hour the group marches up and down the drill field, executing “squads right,” “column left,” and even such stickers as “column of platoons, leading platoon squads left.”
Sorry, But He Is Out to Lunch
Fm quite sure that you will find him at Wheeler^ for he always eats at the students’ fpvorite restaurant. WHEELER’S LUNCH 420 MAIN ST. ALWAYS OPEN
That Scratchy Wool Suit Won’t Feel Good Over Your 4th of July Sunburn Come in and get a cool soothing wash suit to relieve the agony! $9.95 and Up
Rayon Polo Shirts Regular $1.00 and $1.50 THIS WEEK 69c Special Lot Shirts Values to $2.45 THIS WEEK $1.15
The Boys Exercise Then from 7:60 till 8:06* the boys go through group calisthehiOs. Removing their shirts, ties, and hats, they form in ordfer* and according to the commands of one of the group desiguated to lead the ekerciSes, they how, lunge, touch their toes, and swing their arms, keeping time by counting aloud. It is an inspiring sight to see 90 men (the approximate strength of each battery or company) moving in perfect rhythm through the intricate steps of each exercise. At 8:16 morning detail starts. In the field artillery, this may consist of “motors” and the servicing of the battery vehicles—^the tractors, reconnaissance cars, and wire trucks. Or it may be work on the battery detail, with practical work in laying telephone lines, setting up a communications net, and computing firing data with and without the use of such instruments as the battery commander’s telescope and the aiming circle. Don’t Fire A Shot Another group works as a “firing battery,” driving out to a position in the field with tractors, caissons, French 76’s, and a load of “dummy” cartridges, and going through all the motions of laying a destructive fire on a farm house miles away without actually firing a shot. At 11:25 the groups are recalled from duty and clean up for noon mess at 12:00 m. More good food goes down their hungry throats then, and they spend the time after lunch writing, cleaning up, talking, or enjoying a well earned rest. March Out To Range There is detail work again in the afternoon. The group for pistol instruction meets at 12:45 and marches out to the range with 46 caliber government automatics bolstered to their belts. At the position, an army officer instructs them in the use of the weapon and ammunition is issued to them. Practice on stationary and “bobbing targets”—^those which are presented to view for only three seconds and then hidden — occupies their time until 3:30. Back at the barracks after another march, they clean and check in their pistols and go off duty. Another group works on the “trainer battery” during the afternoon from 1:00 till 3:25 o’clock. Miniature cannon firing steel ball bearings one inch in diameter with the power provided by a .22 caliber blank cartridge, the trainer guns provide an excellent practice at a fraction of the cost of firing standard ammunition—a quarter of a cent against approximately 16 dol-
lars.
Shoot At Houses The tiny guns are equipped with standard sights, and the cannoneers shoot at tiny houses, trees, and crossroads just exactly as if they were firing the full sized ammunition at full sized targets. When the other two details are working, a third, known as the material or maintenance section has instruction in field artillery material, learning the function and repairs in field artillery equipment as well as performing the very useful duty of cleaning the morning’s dust from the fieldpieces, caissons, and tractors. After detail, the boys may do w^t they please for a while. They inspect the bulletin board for new announcements and notice of “skins” or demerits from some inorderliness of the barracks noted at morning inspection. However, they must be cleaned and polished up for personnal inspection at 5:46 p. m. In formation in front of their barracks after inspection, they pay tribute to the Flag at “retreat.” Free For The Evening Evening mess is at 6:00 p. m. a»d when the hoys have finished eating they are free. The “canteen” of the camp welcomes them with soft drinks, ice cream, magazines, and pool tables. The camp’s two moving picture theaters claim many. Some sit by the radio and play cards, write letters, or shine their boots and shoes for the morning. Others, more tired by the day, than thei^ fellows, turn in early. At 10 o’clock sharp, though, nil lights in the barracks must be turned out and talking must cease. Everybody must be back and in bed by 11 o’clock when taps sounds. The boys are tired, and they drop off quickly to sleep. However, before they do, as they recall the events of the day, they can't help but look forward to.another day—with more worh—and more fun.
disown Cleaning Service i@ ^n^ire
necessary in Sununer than any other time
It^s harder to keep a prim personal appearance in summer—but Crown can help you. Wash Suits and other summer suitings given expert attention. FLANNEL Trousers cleaned without shrinkage by our new method.
Cro
r I N E CL
EANERS or FIN Top of the Hill, On the Corner
America Must Expand Production, Says Young
(Continued from page 1)
readjust the carburator and see if we could not get on our way, and then to make sure that that particular defect should not occur again. “I am sure that most people believe today that the preceding generation did a bad job economically,” he continued. “I do not share that view. If, as is estimated by the National Bureau of Economic Research, our national income was increased from twenty-seven million six hundred thousand in 1909 to eighty-six million in 1922, more than three times, if at the end of that time we had succeeded in distributing approximately five-sixths of that income to employees and independent operators like farmers and small business men, we ought not to be too severely critical of the economic management of the preceding generation. “If the present and those following do as well in production and distribution, there is real ground for hope that even the very high living standards to which we now aspire can be met.” “ Among some of the needs cited by Young were the following: That the factory system be better assimilated socially and politically; that too much concentration of power in private hands should not become a political menace to the state; that instability of jobs and insecurity for masses of workers should be
overcome.
“And certainly we need to see to
it that all of this is accomplished not by giving men less freedom but by giving them more,” he said. “Certainly we need to see that it is done by democratic methods, and,” he said, "most of all we need to use the impersonal and objective scientific methbd.” In commeriting on the lack of political and social foresight of preceding leadership and its economic effect he declared that the greatest need is “what the President has so often called attention to, that is the control of that small percentage who misuse our economic machihery to gain something for which they return no equivalent or no fair
Young lauded the housing research project started at Purdue and ended with a plea for cooperation between all forces for the common good. “We need today inspiration, not irritation,” he said. “We need education, not seduction or coercion. We need appreciation of the good that is, not an assumption that all is evil. We need research so that we may know more. We need respect, not cynicism. We need faith, not hopelessness. We need stability to make homes and keep them.’ We need expansion, not mere restoration of otir resources, so that more thftn the uppet third of our population may haVe homes.
COLD CANDY DADS We are te^ingr candy bars from the ice box which assures you gettlnK them in grood shape.
Bad^s Place
So flLdndy
iWHITE SUITS
and all other summer suits cleaned or laundered to satisfy the most exacting demands. West Side Cleaners DIAL 4081 DELIVERY SERVICE Northwestern at Vine
It’s Yo ur Movel
... We made ours when we wrote this ad to tell you that consistent advertising in the EXPONENT is a cheaper and more logical method of reaching students, faculty, prospective students, alumni, and townspeople. / ... Now it’s your turn. Call 5037 and a represenijative from our advertising department will be pleased to call on and help you with any advertising.
^urlrue exponent