i
(«>
■‘ii- , \
. ^ ^ V U ‘ ^ - u >
V"”" "' ' ’ I’
Activities Bureau Will Hold Forum Freshmen Will Attend Meeting In East Faculty Lounge At 4 P, M. Al} freshmen interested in campus activities will be the guests of the A6tivities Bureau tomorrow for a freshman forum. The meeting will be held in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union at 4 p. m. ^ Dan McKirnan, publicity manager of the Activities Bureau, will serve as presiding officer and main speaker of the program. ■— — After he has outlined the ac-
Engineer To Plan
Convention Meeting Opens
Here Friday
Engineering College Magazines Association will hold its 22nd annual convention here Friday and Saturday, October 16 and 17. The Purdue Engineer, University publication, and its editor-in-chief, Joe
Established 1889
Xfi/a4ie4it a Hit HImhito
Volume 55/ No. 12,
Purdue University/ West Lafayette/ Indiana
Tuesday/ October 6, 1942
Eiipfnfnt To Hold Callout' Today
tivities set-up on the campus, special representatives from other activities will explain the functions and purpose of
ti^ieir activities.
The freshman forum is an annual program designed to acquaint the new students with the various campus activities. Speakers from the principal activities will outline the advantages gained through participation in their groups, and will answer specific ‘questions concerning their activity. Groups represented by speakers are the Exponent, the Activities Bureau, Playshop, the Debris, Union, Women’s Athletic Association, the Agriculturist, WBAA, Purdue Independent Association, the Student Senate, Fraternity Affairs Office,
Youngblood, will act as host to the the Pui'due Engineer, and Associadelegates from 27 of the nation’s tion of Women Students,
leading engineering colleges.
Convention’s Purpose
The purpose of the convention is to discuss publishing, editing, advertising and other related topics pertaining to the college magazines. Friday’s meeting as well as the Saturday morning session, will be turned over entirely to business and discussions. Saturday afternoon will be devoted to a tour of the campus. The faculty are invited to
attend all meetings.
Banquets will be held in the Union for the visiting delegates on both Friday and Saturday nights. On Saturday night Frank G. Steinebach, editor-in-chief of The Foundry, will be the principal speaker. Engineers’ Mixer Saturday In honor of the convention the Union’s Saturday night mixer will be called the Slipstick Slide Mixer and all engineers on the campus are
urged to attend.
IlfQgers To Rule Friday Night
j Cisne Will Feature Piano, Entertainers
Pep Session To Form Thursday At
Fans Will Meet
Wanted: Nickel Silver. . .
p
University To Enter Key Salvage Drive
McKirnan Explains Value
Mckirnan will explain the value of association, friendships, experience and prestige as obtained by taking pai t in any of the numerous campus activities. The freshmen will have an opportunity to judge for themselves the activity for which they are best fitted. McKirnan will also explain the general system on which campus organizations are lun, outlining the scheme of using freshman and sophomore workers witli possible selection for the moie important junior and sen-
ior jobs latei.
University
Participates In
Scrap Drive
Outside Union drying for a victory over Northwestern next Saturday, the Boilermaker grid fans will assemble for the first full fledged pep session of the season Thursday night at 7 in
fiont of the Union.
As was scheduled for the Fordham game, the mob will gather at the corner of Grant and State
Dick Cisne and his college band will return here Friday evening to play for the annual Gold Diggers Ball in the Union Ballroms. Cisne plays and directs his band from the piano, which he uses to interpret every modern style of piano. His arrangements have been heard over NBC, the Columbia Broadcasting System, and such nearby stations
One hundred pasteboard cans, quart size, will make their appearance today in every building on the campus and- in fra-
ternity and sorority houses to serve as containers in the scrap streets and with the band, march key collection campaign in which the University is participat- to Stuart Field amid blowing of
ing. The campaign includes faculty, students, employees, ev-
eryone at the University.
Henry B. Abbett, purchasing agent, who has been in charge " of the salvage campaign on the
campus for the last 15 months, is heading up this latest drive to get the old keys out of hid
Three-Day Ag Meeting Begins This Morning
whistles, rirging of bells, and the
blaring of brass. ^
Skull And Crescents Build Bonfire A large bonfire, courtesy of the Skull and Crescent, will await -the rally, coaching staff and members of the team at the field. There the students will be addressed by Elmer
ing and into the scrap collec- Burnham, Guy “Red” Mackey, and
4-„ Dr. Hunt of the chemistry school.
tioA drive. In a letter to go „ , , ..i. i 4.4. -n u , , , , , Present also on the platform will be
today to every department on the campus, Abbett points out that the
Brigham Will Speak At Afternoon Session
various mernbers of the football
,, , , . , team and the captains who have old keys contain nearly 80 per cent appointed for the first three
nickel silver, one of the metals of which there is a serious shortage. Every employee is requested to
games.
With only four days until the ses-
, , , ,, , , Sion, all fraternities, organized
Annual three - day Agricultural drawers, boxes, cubby-holes j^o^ggs and Cary Hall groups are
Playshop To Present
First Production October 13 To 16 “Cuckoos on the Hearth,” first
production of the season to be given
stresses the importance of sending in the blue “Claudia” stubs for this
play.
Mail orders may be sent immediately for reserved seats while season tickets are still on sale at the Fowler Hall ticket office or by a
Playshop price of
tickets will be on sale tomorrow at
Workers’ Conference will open today in the Union. The conference is for all home demonstration agents, county agents, assistant county agents. University extension agents and farmers’ institute speak-
ers.
Program To Start At 8 Today’s program will begin with registration, lasting from 8:00 until 11:45 o’clock this morning. The aft-
with music conducted by Al Stewart. At i:15, L. E. Hoffman, associate director of the group, will
Not only is the University providing essential training for nearly 8,000 persons, including the 6,678 regularly enrolled students, but they are helping with the salvage collection which is going on all over
the United States.
University Ahead In Drive
During the past year, the University has supported the salvage col-
by Playshop, will be presented lection campaigns through the sale speak on “What We Should Expect Tuesday through Friday, October of approximately 700,000 pounds of from this Conference.” At 1:45 13 to 16, instead Ef the four days scrap material of various sorts there will be a message from previously scheddled. Bert Squire, from University shops ,laboratories Rueben Brigham, Assistant Direcpublicity manager of Playshop, and farms. The data on the scrap tor of Extension, U. S. Dept, of
sale during the last fifteen months. Agriculture,
which was started by the University, is well ahead of the organized salvage campaigns, and showed
these significant figures:
Grease, 10,130 pounds; waste pa-
^ per, 213,576 pounds; scrap iron, time, there wjll also be the
representative at the 378,340 pounds; brass, 6,686 pounds; Farmers’ Institute Workers sec$1.50. Single admission copper, 17,006 pounds; aluminum, meeting in Room 236 of the
. pounds; lead, 4,913 pounds; t^eme of this meeting
and even his keyring for old or us< less keys and deposit them in a Key
Kan no later than Oct. 15.
All Keys Valuable
“Keys, flat, tumbler, latch, keys of every description contain this precious, critical material,” says
Abbett’s letter.
Ralph Deuster, chairman of the Stildent War Council, stated that the Council is cooperating and
Dick Cisne
urged to dig into their fertile brains and supply the rally with signs
and posters for the parade.
Everybody Go " Bruce Adams, senior yell leader, as WGN, Chicago. The band has urges all students to attend and just finished a five weeks’ engageshow Elmer and the team that the ment at the Colony Club, Chicago, entire school is behind them in their Band Is Versatile
game Saturday.
ernoon program will begin at 1:00 urged all students to dig out all old
Program Follows Intermission Following an intermission lasting from 2:00 to 2:45, there will be a business meeting of the Indiana County Agents’ Association. At the
keys and get in the scrap for scrap now. This is part of the nationwide key collection campaign sponsored by the committee to gather 12,000,000 pounds of nickel silver.
Maury Mahn
. . . and his orchestra will provide the music for Saturday night’s regular mixer to be held from 8:30
to 11:30 in the North Ballroom of nouncement by Al Jackson, chair-
This organization presents novelties, sweet and swing music, and symphonic dance numbers. Cishe features Gene Robinson as chief entertainer on the vocals. Robinson gives modern interpretations of the
latest blues numbers.
Also featured is Lew Williams on the drums, who specializes in modern dance rhythms and also uses many different styles of playing the drums. His work, along with
which will take place in the' Union Dick Petty’s on the bass, provides
Military Ball
Design Contest
Ends Oct. 16 The annual contest for the design
of decorations for Military Ball,
Ballrooms on November 13, opened yesterday, according to an an-
the Union, for $1.10.
Tickets will be on sale
the price of $.76. zinc, 306 pounds; rubber, 1,468 “The Challenge for InstfPlayshop and the local USO unit pounds; rags, 120 pounds; glassj-^^^g Speakers for 1942-43.” The aft-
ernoon session will end with these
have cooperated in procuring for all officers and enlisted men in the army and navy units now stationed at the University, two special performances of the production. The service men will be special guests at these showings during the coming
week.
Service Men Guests Thursday “Administrative officers, chief petty officers, and officei-s and enlisted men serving as instructors will be shown the performance on Thursday night, while on Friday night the enlisted men will be guests. Director H. Kenn Carmichael announced that the West Lafayette high school students will be given a special matinee performance, Monday afternoon, October 12. Jefferson high school will also be given a special performance. “Cuckoos on the Hearth” is a comedy mystery, and has been one of the more popular plays of the last few yeai's.
SDX Members Please turn all dance tickets or money gathered therefrom in to me immediately. —HOSKINS
1,280 pounds, and six electric bat-
teries.
Discarded Machines Sold Last spring all of the farms and fields operated over the state by the Agricultural Experinient Station were surveyed by the University officials and all discarded machinery was sold, and the same thing was done about the campus. University officials have been considering disposal of the pi'iceless locomotives in the locomotive museum and have written the various railroad companies that have loaned them to the University for the most Imique collection of the kind in America, to see if it is possible to dispose of at least part of them to aid in meeting the shortage of scrap
iion.
Dr. Hadley To Head Earlham Trustees
meetings. The evening session will begin at 6:30 in the North Ballroom of the Union with the Extension Conference dinner. Toastmaster will be H. J. Reed, director of the group. The address will be given by H. C. Ramsower, Director of Extension of Ohio State/University.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade during the current term should so do before Thursday evening, October 15th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the, head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in^he Registrar’s Office. / —DEAN OF MEN '
man of the Military Ball committee. As in the past, the winner will be awarded a free bid to the Ball. Entries in the contest will consist of drawings and descriptions sufficient to provide working plans for the committee to use. The entries will be judged primarily on the central theme itself—its appropriateness and feasibility. Designs should include ideas for both backdrop and band-fronts, as well as any additional decorations which may occur to the contestant. However, contestants should take into account the fact that about 100 dollars is allotted for decoration expenses.
Valuable Weed
Ragweed Seed Oil Will Replace War Materials In High Explosives
In the near future the oil taken from the ragweed seeds may be used to make paint and varnishes, and it may be used to make explosives. There is even a possibility that persons will want to sit down to a big meal of steak and rag-
weeds.
George Dashiell ... ’30 Ag, now an official with
the Farm Security Administration at Phoenix, Ariz., was a campus visitor Monday. Dashiell paid his first visit to the University in several years and was amazed at the
growth shown by the institution.
Dr. Lawrence Hadley of the mathematics department was elected president of the Board of Trustees of Earlham College last Sat-
urday at the meeting held at These are not just idle dreams, Richmond. ^ for, accoiding to a recent article Dr. Hadley has been a member published in the jouinal “Oil and
of tlfe board for 16 years. He is a Soap” September, 1942, by G. F, sityV much'as it may^b^harvested itredibiriropertirs,"^ “iXtive graduate of Earlham and was on Roedel and M. 11. Thornton of the quantities in the future, if freedom from linolenic acid indi-
the results of further investigations cates possibilities in the edible field
nually by this bane of the hay fever This investigation, believed to be suff'eiers, the oil extracted from its the first detailed investigation of seeds really has much the same the subject, shows that the ragweed properties of soy. bean oil. Such oil seed contains approximately 19 per is of tremendous use in the nation’s cept fat andl 23 per cent protein, war effort. This composition of the oil seems Ragweed seed used in the experi- to indicate that it would have mental studies was actually har- slightly better drying properties vested from stubble fields with a than soybean oil when used in combine by the agricultural engi- points and varnishes, and while no neering department of the Univer- furthei investigation was made of
the faculty 14 years before coming
to the University in 1918.
Coed Staff Exponent. Coeds: Meeting this afternoon at 4:15. Very important. Everybody please attend. —CHATFIELD
University department of agricultural chemistry, the ragweed has potentialities which make it possible to be used in any of the aforementioned ways, regardless of how ab-'
surd these uses may seem. Similar To Soybean Oil
Investigations by Roedel and Thornton have shown that in spite
strong rhythm section for the dancers’ pleasure. Williams usually plays several drum solos during an
evening.
Eleven pieces make up the band. (See GOLD DIGGERS, page 4) Chicago Purdue Club Will Hold Gala Dinner After Game Saturday Next Saturday night, following the football game between Purdue and Northwestern, the Purdue Club of Chicago has planned a gala dinner and program to be held in the ballroom of the Edgewater Beach Hotel. This dinner, which is the forty-ninth annual one of the club, is scheduled to begin at 6:30 p. m. All Purdue alumni and former students who attend the Northwestern game are invited to be present. Musical entertainment, which is to feature'^the evening’s program, includes the appearance of t|ie Purdue Men’s Glee Club and the wellknown Purdue Military Band of 166 pieces. The former organizations recently won runner-up honors in the national intercollegiate glee club contest which was held in Carnegie Hall, New York City. During the remainder of the program, Elmer Burnham, our new head football coach, and Guy Mackey, new athletic director, will give short talks. Prof. Hoekema, assistant to the President of the University, will give an address on “Purdue in Wartime”. / Dinner arrangemfijits are in charge of a committee which is composed of Coiydon H. Hall, chaii’-
continue to be favorable. It has After the seed has been harvested Barton R.Gebhart, David H.
been pointed out that a crop of rag- much as any other farm crop, the oil weeds could be harvested from a could be removed from it by cornwheat field after the wheat had iinercial extractors such as are now been removed. Thus, from the stand- commonly used in other fields. There point of the farmer, utilization of are shortages of this type of fatty lagweed seed oil would make pos- oil at present, due to pinched imsible the harvesting of two crops port sea lanes as well as to an iu-
of all the sneezes brought on an- where one was harvested before. creased industrial demand.
McMaster and Conr.ad G. Kaufman.
Ad Staff Weekly meeting of ad staff tonight at 7:15. —GJEMRS;
Meeting To Begin At 4:15 Paper Offers Work For Frosh, Sophs Exponent editorial staff will hold a callout meeting today at 4:15 in room 303 of the Union. All first and second semester freshmen as well as first semester sophomore eds and coeds are urged to attend the meeting and become acquointed with the Exponent staff and the general organization of the paper. After the initial meeting today, a one week training school in fundamentals of story writing, news gathering and general information about the paper and its style will be conducted by the junior and senior members of the Exponent
staff.
Work Assignments After completion of the course, which will consist of three one hour sessions, freshmen will be expected to work one afternoon per week in the Union office and sophomores will be assigned to two afternoons per week. Work on the paper covers a variety of activities such as writing stories, writing he^ds, gathering news and performing the many other duties which go into the production of a paper. Freshmen as well as sophomores have a chance to (See EXPO CALLOUT, page 4) Navigator Lauds Army Training By Tim Tilton Graduates of the University frequently return to their old stamping ground, but only rarely are they so enthusiastic about their new job that they stop in the Exponent office and ask us to tell our readers about it. Yesterday afternoon Lt. R. N. Kessler, class of ’40, strolled into the copy room, and inspite of the bedlam of clanging typewriters, began to deluge your reporter with a great quantity of information about navigation in the Army Air Corps. Pilot Needs Helpers “You know,” said Lt. Kessler, “a lot of people have the idea that a pilot is the only thing you can be in the Air Corps.” He went on to point out that not only is this untrue, but many times the navigator and the bombardier have equal rank with the pilot. He defined navigation as the science of getting a ship, air or otherwise, from one point to another in the shortest possible time. Technically, air navigation is divided into four phases: pilotage, dead reckoning, radio, and celestrial. The teaching of this science is something new to the Air Corps, since the first navigation school, PanAmericgn, in Florida, was not established until July, 1940. This was folIcjwed in November of the same year by a still larger one in Barksdale, Louisiana. The largest, at present, is located in Hando, Texas. Require High Mentality Candidates for these schools, at first, were largely would-be pilots who had washed out of their basic training, but this is definitely not true today. Although applicants’ preference is considered, physical exams and mental aptitude tests generally govern final assignments. A new cadet is sent for ten weeks to a reception center, followed by fifteen weeks in a navigation school. If he has passed all his work, he then becomes a graduate navigator and receives a second lievitenant's commissions. His pay while a cadet is $76 a month plus board, uniform, etc. Upon receiving his commission he gets $285 base pay if he is singly and as much as $330 if he is maiC
ried.
■503!^ r T! i
TT^^TT^/' /'■ I ^
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, October 6, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fiefdhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p n^ , 5377
1 J ! r n ( } jef N s I (I 1 r %'t p 1 r 1 t
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong: Robert L Hadley Ken K Gjemre Alice Chai0eld
Publication Staff Associate Editors
{ T n! ‘"lafl n W O Ic tree A P Hunter W E Rafert r HoSk ns R W Boswinkle K Roqiiemore
W f
-nff
I 1 Br wer J S Dawson D Shryer C 1> 1 all Clailotte Hass Jean 1 auer Flaine
Business Staff H IIS Manager Jul a Martin 1 M Rcrs J M Wiitit D I Johnson J Petty l n \ii afecr G H Klouman nJ Mnnager T ena lorrenga r i ed Managers Lll n Claik Jane Keim
The Purdue Independent-
r t r n rh f
' dit r
Bu I I iper ( c 1 d toi \d\ rti n.F Manager Arcounls Mai ager t r uHt ji Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue r 1 r R fert Sports Editor Shryer 1 r I luer Issue Editor Richardson t rs Si 1 henson Thoiipson Parsons Martindell \ r 11 on Muri hy Donham Tilton Petry Baynes it I > cl Ford
i econd cla s matter at the post office in Lafay u dr tl c act of Congress of March 3 187J 1 jl rate of postag provided for in section October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 I u sda Thursday Friday and Sunday mornings ci Deliveiel ocally by carnei for $1 75 for a j 0 for t VO semesters by mail for $2 00 for a 0 foi two semesters tci mailed subscription $1 60 1 for national advertising by National Advertis I c College Publishers Represen'-atives 420 "New Yorl N Y
aek Of Interest.
1 It
.uccecstul than the first —s b w
The Ratio
4,95 ... to 1
I 1 c T 0
I t )
1 J
ilOivl HsZ bjuli fid h Theta Masie Dayton leally put the h f M tin load when she announced that she would I Ij'’ to Delt pin and ex pin man in Novembei ] i \sc 1 Kiddie
1 HiOKn Y SERENADE J 1 itht a wooden whistle and it wooden whistle II 1 t a steel whistle and it steel wooden whistle I 1 utht a lead whistle and steel they wooden lead wV tie sj I bought a tin whistle and now I tin e ) Mth 01 oe 1 n t that eute’
OMillJ OIRIIF— Jhet 1 C hi Diek Woil makes a neat looking giil as H ( hoi in the Sweet Shop will agree It seems that Did 11 ] lus his lip foliage was tiapped by some of lh( jitshmcn beaiihg weapons He tseaped elad in a diiss ( omment of expeit Ted Shead “Not bad, but her legs are kind of skinny ” You
qhe msuiHOTOH Im U S OK MERRY-GO-ROUHD
By DREW PEARSON Roosevelt' Advisers Foresee Bitter Farm Bill Wrangles; Henderson's Tactics Backfire
, t on T body of 6 700, a mere few hundred I u cm attended last Saturday’s convoca1 1 hic 1 piesented Bidu Sayao, prima donna till ]\It ti opohtan Though a crowd of nearh il ct tl ousand attended, the greater por1 m ol tin audience was composed of townsI Cj't f cultt and music loveis other than T iu\ (I sity students The ] tek of students at the program was ic^ ithout piecedent Student interest m II (iloits ol the committee on convocations ] tcadily decreased The nine-dollar act \ L> ice paitially used to finance the appealn cc of aitists in the Music Hall has not decic^scl Students are still paying for UniA Cl itj convocations, but they are no longer ^ L Pg then money’s worth when they do not
ait ’id them
^ committee on convocations must rea!j?c th it the type of programs that they have 1 Lcn ftieiing has not been attractive to stu- (( it Then interest will be maintained only il e committee finds their likes and dislikes lid ict accoidmgly 1 1 committee has fulfilled its purpose of >■ ^ culture to the campus for the bene1 o Indents But it has not realized that I li. must be aioused by one of two methf lie students must be educated about ilj ity of the artists engaged, or the com1 c must schedule aitists whose fame has d i 1 enough to reach all of the students „ond method is by far simpler and
( N' ORE
1 I e joui old snoopei scoop with the diit,
0 mtan the diit It all started when the
''inoolh apple Phil Wooleiy decided to I lid hang his shield on Freshman Joan a a 1 line until his ex got the happy news Cornel ladies and gentlemen we have Ihe a Joan Meneiee and in this coinei 1 1 iigl t to the only undei graduate Kappa I on can pu the daik horse Honey Iioii“ n 1 gal no clawing in the chnche
1 1 ei a lounded the campu' cuties and no 1 Qie Co e v/hen he hung hii. pin on an im li Ditioil Nice going Bob you must really 1 e blonde cuties, and vice ver-’a
J til did a rushing buoine'*^ last week end 1. loy were certainly busy little bees Chi 1 1 lit 11 Scaifi accepted a ring from one of the cd Cougiatulation'- Pi Phi B W 0 C I 1 t 1( 01 not “o little rock foi thud hngei
■^hculd know Ted By the way Shead '-hould 1 now since he bet that he could have his pm on twenty dil lerent gul by “pring A lofty goal in life no doubt
Among the pinnings of the week arc Kappa Nancy Coopei who accepted the badge ol Ensign Peteison of the Navy and Alpna Chi Pat Dc 1 or rest who was pinned by Pi K\ Prexy Gill And then the altaii oi D U Bob Tilt and Pi Phi Jean McCartney was ce mented with the old hardwaic
She of no dimension Except the up and down— She eats what all she pleases And wears a Junior gown She of the dimension Who makes a wonderous sight She fasts and looks it easy The girl thats built just right I want to be a tatty And nut a skinny dame So 1 tan go Purdue to school And be ot beauty tame
Chi 0 Ginny Richy was seen in the SS with SAE Iiwm Cummings Could this mean competition foi Moose Nouise Kappa Sig '
14 PHONE CALLS IN ONE NIGHl — Came to Chi 0 Maralyn Kioll since her s got no more Phiddly Theta Pin
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
WASHINGTON—To Roosevelt advisers, the farm parity fight was an ominous runner up of what many of them expect during the next two yeais—IF the November elections turn sour for the Democrats It left people a little wonied around the White House Up until now the White House has been confident that the House of Representatives would remain Democratic—despite the warniiig of Chairman Ed Flynn that the Middle West and probably California would go Republican So the fight over farm parity was a shock, and Administration leaders shrink from the prospect of facing that type of Congressional battling for two long years to come But if the Republicans organize the House or even if the Democratic majority is ap preciably cut, that is exactly what will happen Three reasons are given, backstage for the faulty handling which resulted m the terrific farm battle 1 The President himself who couched his message to Congress in terms of such a strong ultimatum, rather than the usual Roosevelt pep talk strategy at which he is so adept Incidentally the speech was written in large part by brusque bull dozing Leon Henderson 2 Speaker Sam Rayburn who dropped his usual kindliness and stoimily told Congressional friends that the President had promised him not to send a farm price stabilization message until later Ray burn’s attitude was a tip off in deeds if not in words ‘ To vote as you please boys 3 Price Czar Leon Henderson who was considered the political ogre and bogeyman for whom the farm stabilization bill was being passed
University Calendar Tuesday, October 6
• Henderson's Political Chickens Henderson s political chickens certainly came home to roost All over the House cloakiooms you heard the bitter complaint ‘Do you expect me to vote some more power to this guy Henderson Why he appointed a political enemy of mine to an important job in my district ’ This complaint came from solid, liberal Adminis tration supporters in the Northwest like Representa tives Knute Hill and Charles Leavy of Washington, and from New Deal Southern supporters like intelli gent Representative Bob Ramspeck of Georgia In Georgia, for instance Henderson had appointed the Treasurer of the Republican Stale Committee Harry Sommers, as chief of OPA’s rationing division And in Georgia there is nothing worse than appoint mg a Republican to office In addition to Sommers Henderson put Oscar R Strauss Jr wealthy Atlanta department store ex ecutrve in charge of QPA s Southeastern office and Strauss is not much more popular with Congiessmen than Sommers Not long ago a Georgia Congressman gave to a constituent a letter of introduction to Joseph A Shoit one of Strauss aides but the letter got no lesults I ve got a letter of introduction to Mr Shoit fiom the Congressman in this distiict the beaiei ex plained ‘ It doesn’t make any difference if you have a letter from the President ot the United States, you can t see Mr Short was the reply So it look^, as if Get Tough Treat Fm Rougn I eon Henderson might have to get off his high horse and throw down his boxing gloves if the Pie':ident really wants to get along with Congie s
9 00 A M 1 00 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 PM
8 00 A M 4 00 PM 7 30 P M
Extension Woikei Confcicnct Puidue Womens Club Luncheon Piudiie loicstiy Club County n L leschcis Am Phnim Assn Open Movie
A b M E Meeting
Wednesday, Oefober 7 Extension Woil eis Conleienec So Brlhoom Union Activit es Buieau Eie^h Eoium 1 Esculty Lge Union Iloit Club Meeting Auditoiium Hoit Bldg
r & W Reept Rms Un No Ballioom Union Auditorium Hoit B1 ig
Room 2( I Union
loom oil Phoiin Bldg Poom 108 Mech Bldg
Students Organize Committee To Solve Personnel Problem
Editor’s Note This article was written by C F Maylield Publicity Chairman Indu^-trial Relations and Pei'^onnel Committee
9 Government Short Wave Control Very quietly the Government is moving to tal e
ovei the ‘^hoit wave biondeasting stations of the en tire countiy Poui year'’ ago when Roosevelt was charged with being a ocialistie New Dealer Congress debated ioi days over the loea oi one lone Goveinment radio ota tion and a terrific lobby was organized to block it But now the taking over of a group ot piivate sta tioiis is not causing a ripple In tact, the big broad casting companies which never made a profit on short wave seem anxiou^ to let the stations go The deal is being woi ked out by Elmer Davis OWI and will include three large international stations owned by NBC CBS and Crosley All programs will originate from the General Motors Building in New York except lor some piograms to be prepaied by the Roekfeller Committee iii Washington A hook up lo planned with certain foreign stations paiticulaily the Fighting I reneh outlet in Brazzaville Diiectoi ot the new netwoil i slated to be Pete Nelson loimei head ot Woild Bioad asting in Bo ton Congie'=ional approval v/ill be neceo'-ary but in contrast to the fight ol eveial years ago !'=■ expected to be easy
In past years it ha been the lament ot indiistiial lepiesentatives that graduate-) ot colleges and uni versities have had little oi no knowledge ol industiial relations or organizationrl pioeeduie Liiors ol judgment weie tiequent on the pait oi college men in supeivisoiy posi tions in then dealings with men loimal eouises designed to ae quiint the student \Mth industiial methods tell iai hoit oi then in tent Vogler Wants Action Being an industrial man himself W 1 Voglei upon his appointment as Diieetoi ol Personnel decided to do something about it Somehow he must piovide Univeisity stu dents with the piactical expenence so nece •’aiy to a piopei undei standing ot industrial methods Ac coidingly last summer he gave Ins ela s 111 Cl 1)0 liitusLiial Pei sonnel Iiojfcl the jiollem ot oi jai 1/111" the Iidustiial Kilati ns and 1 er iiiol Coinni ttee ( 11 11.^111 wa iq pin d by the tudirils theinselvis ) Jhi'' comm ttie would pell 01 m coitain pei'cnnil lime tion foi whieh thciL wi a mi 1 on eampu iiid would opei itc h iig stiaight hie cf nitheiity in th same miniii a tic Pe sc nc 1 1) pailniont o) ary lai^^c ha i t lu hman I’ri oi lu I (aic' One ol the tii I incl pi il I ly 11 c mooL mpoiliitcl lie lu cl is 1 the commitUo wi lo c iql L it pein riiLn pci nnel ceil id 1 o/eiy he 1 111 n in tl c 1 ul I ell 11 e iiiq u 1 c 1 ec Headed By Wiggins The eomniittee i 1 rad d 1 / i student pei cm el dace ei T V/ Wipgnio A isliiig hm ric T f
LUtIA
TODAY and TOMORROW
VERONICA LAKE ROBERT PRESTON — IN — 'THIS GUN FOR HIRE' — WITH - LAIRD CREGAR ALAN LADD
PLUS —SECOND HIT
MaryAniirsjnkOliariK'Sniilti tjitihijUtilD; Olivi llakiniy i Viigthan Glasir lllittiek, HUIN ItNKETT ritiillHlSWMn rii, lYVli lirtit' ’ ’
This service protects them against dust and moths
Don t neglect * out of season clothes j Send them to us for Winter Protection Service We 11 Sanitone them to re move harmful soils and perspi ration Cleaning also destroys every bit of moth life We 11 tighten buttons and fix minor rips or loose seams
Out Of The
“At n o’clock I want you to start telling about your boyhood on the faim if they still don’t go, start telling how YOU would 1 un the war ”
WARDROBE By June Hardy Makes the head swim to watch the weather change, then the fashion, no spoofin’, you train the vision for eyefuls of plaids and woohes, and out tumbles a handful of cotton washables and jaeketless skirts But now that the apples back of Wood Hall are turning red and the maples yellow, don t reckon ye old campus damsels will try to bluff the weather man anymore Looks like Elaine Carson, senior conforms to both weather and study rules—saw her way last Tuesday tucked away in the library in a doozy of a smoke corduroy jobby that she whipped up herself’ Had oodles of bright plaid wool tape running all over the plate with a sturdy big button on the belt Tricky ledge like projections were stitched over each shoulder On the way to class last Thursday spied freshman Betty Maney bundled in a mannish box coat tiiloied lo the nth degree It was of dull hazy green and hid saddle stitching round the pointed lapoD Her hands were in plate sized pockets but couldn t see nary a stitch of machine woik on the edge Plain but classic Forgotten the day but saw her rushing up Second street wrapped lo the ears in her cherry red bear coat Ran up to discover Maryanne Lamb, sophomore on the inside, the idea isn’t so new, but the day was so cold and the red overgrown marble buttons kinda spruced up the weather Bet this’ll be a boon in treezy weather’ Gwen Smith sophomore buzzed into A A G in a covert cloth suit that muiored the idea of a mans Even has a chunky watch chain draped over her right hip on the front zippered skirt Big pleats and extra creased pressifig made it |a ‘look twicei , and slit side pockets marked it an ultra he man affai# Didn t have a chance to eavesdrop on iny but thb ATO Pi Phi col laboration but they had then share of Vouguesters Sophomores Joan Bamer and Marge Miller agreed on black ciepc for the evening, Joan’s was highlighted with an oni imented yoke ot aqua Lots un lots ot gold trim and sequins and polls wound around the edge and over the shoulder ’Specially smooth low cut suede pumps too Maige featured a matching ihjnestoiie necklace 'ind bracelet with her crepe Intriguing is the woid for hei tummy hider ol a Knile pleated peplum (hat tied in back with a sashling (New word for an undersize sash) Miiilyn Good ill freshmen was theie too in hoi Hue bunny bin Poxy pockets like stitched petals ciisciossed dominited with the bottom ones holding in r bunch ol skill fullntss Sunday dinner—Marty McCulloch sophomore visiting Wood Hall in her hiby chicken yellow wool witn the skinny st allops diagonalhng Ironi the sleeves Iwm string he ids it the neck (,uess what—lieiea another in ule it myseilei ’ Oh gee V, IS g in,^ to inenti ih Bonnii Gutthes Sunday Sv/cet Shop appear iiice in i tin uid blown hoiiinf hone iiid blown k xthei thonged biogans but the spate problem s bothciiiit me af am
SCOBEE’S
— AI L KINDS Ol PlIOTOGR VPilIC SIJPPI IS — Ere h I ilm and I il n PI s — Tiy Ou Quility Kidik rmishuig — PROMPl SERVICI — PHONE 2 54 1 107 NORlHWEblERN AVE
PAlRONI/r 1 XPONI NT ADVLRIISLRS
Miiphy a i slant diieetol and C E Mayfield as d icetoi of publK ity A number of industiial concerns have cxpiessed mteiest i thi ) lo grill Students inteiested in join ing the committee sh< uld apply in pel fii to tl cii student depaitnent held The student he ids iic Rich ai 1 B ill CL W J Bond Sci K K Sell il el Acto W I Sw u ei Ch L Vet I I II Van Dei cn PSL G P Moltei ML J J \oiin lor 1 rr
-TODAY - TOMORO W-
ANN SHERIDAN RONALD REAGAN
»LK( ADDED SCOOS-'
Filmed Under Fire in TECHNICOLOil
The E^TTLl o/ MIPWMl
A U S Navy Film
ROY ROGERS «E0RGE $0% HAYES MDMM wmmwom
‘<1110 CStOBO
Msdatefy and Positively Tops
MARY ASTOR
SYDNEY
GREENSTHEET (■ITie fat Man
AcroisIlieFacIfie''
in Play by Rlcliard Macaulay • fiom
D oc od by
JOHN HUSTON A Wonde ful New WARNER BROS HIT
Screen Play by Rlcliard Macaulay • from the Saturday Evening Post Serial by Robert Carson
- TODAY - TOMOROW—
TODAY and TOMORROW Stirring stars in a pyo^sly exciting romance!
li’^ i-H'i ?
S„ii / ■ I
■ /V, V f
Tuesday, October 6, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page S
Boilermakers Polish Pass DeFense For Wildcats
Coach B^urnham and his unpredictable crew of gridders started their week of practice yesterday afternoon with concentration on pass defense. Last season the Boilermakers led the nation in this department of the grid game, but this year in their first two tilts they have run into some uncanny tosses from the opponents
In the first game, the Foidham Earns, with Pihpowicz doing the flipping, put acioss their two markeis via the an ways Again last Satuiday, in the Vanderbilt tussle, the Boilermakeis allowed 13 pass completions out of 23 attempts This seems to be a definite weakness in the Black and Gold attack, so Coach Buinham is working on a lemedjl for it The Boilermakers will need a moie aleit aeiial de
fense next Saturday if they expect to halt the overhead attack of the versatile Wildcats of Northwestern Rivalry Renewed Next Saturday’s encounter at Evanston in Dyche Stadium will i e new one of the oldest and at the same time most evenly contested football series in the Middle West This will be the twenty-sixth game of the Boilermaker vs Wildcat senes At the present time the two teams aie deadlocked at 12 each
The only tie in the series, came in 1932 It was a 7-7 deadlodl^. At the last meeting of these teams, in 1939, the Boiferttiakers squeezed out a close 3-0 decision. Outplayed for thtee quarters, the Boilermakers started an attack that surged to the Wilcat 14-yard line as a result of Mike Byelene’s 35 yard jaunt On the foui?^ down, Fred Montague dropped back and put a perfect placement thrptigh the uprights for the only sCorO of the
torrid tilt Both Start Big Ten Race Northwestern will be seeking victory No 2 next week end In their initial game of the ’42 season, they fell before a strong aggiegation of Iowa Seahawks to the tune of 20-12 Last week they ran up against a speedy outfit fiom Texas, ^ut eked out a 3-0 victory The Boilermakers will be after win No 1, and both teams will be staitmg then Big Ten campaigns in hopes foi a clean
slate in that conference Only one minor injury occurred in the Boilermaker-Commodoie tilt last Saturday This was the knee injury which veteran center, Alex Luego suflfeied Luego was not in uniform last night, but is expected to return in a day or two The rest of the squad is in top physical condition, although they appeared somewhat sluggish Saturday because of the intense southern heat that they encountered in Tennessee
Coach Burnham will probably stick to the same combinations that he has been getting results from so far this season for the Wildcat game Some exceptional talent that came to the front in the Commodore clash and which may be used in the near future is that which was displayed by sophomore center Ott Hurrle Ott replaced Luego in the late stages of the Vanderbilt game, and put on a brilliant defensive performance
s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
S
Saturday dawned a pleasant day in noithein Tennessee By the time the Boileimakers lan out on the tuif of Dudley Field in Nashville to face the Commodoies of Vanderbilt Univeisity, the sky was overcast When the white-jerseyed Riveters left the playing field it was one of the daikest days the handful of Boilermakei tans piesent had evei seen A team that played a brand of football m then first game that had been seen too seldom here within the memory of the most persistent senior, had^ been torpedoed and sunk by a fast moving Vanderbilt squad The Boilermakers nevei got their offense underway, or their defense tlicking Ihey in no waj icsembled the team that played Fordham in the opening fray Excuses’ Well, the team isn’t making any, and it’s pretty difficult to figure out what happened Tht weathei was a little waimei than the team was accustomed to and the heat sapped that vital ingredient, “pep”, out of the squad The tiain ride was fai fiom ideal, due to the crowded and slow conditions picsent on railioads in these days The sleeping and eating was not too legulai as a icsult, and altogethei the general ciicumstances wtie not what a football coach would oidei Of course, Vandy was tough Ihe whole team, while light, blocked well and tackled hard and often Then kicking was superior and every man on the team moved with the lumbeiing gait of greased
lightning
The technical teim for the catastiophc is an “off day” Elmer Burnham is shifting and revamping his attack and defenses this week in an effort to prevent ‘ off days” in Big Nine competition, which opens Satuidaj next in I vanston. 111 Quite a numbti of students, consideiing the geneial maiket on tiies, made the 372 mile tiek to Nashville to see the game While they didn’t get to sit togcthci to lendei voc il suppoit the showing was pietty good One gioup of five men went out to get a hambuigei at 2 a m on Satur day moining and wired then frateinity biothei liom Indianapolis that they had decided to go to Vandcibilt This week end fiom all appearances, attendance will not be too high at the Saturday morning vigils, if plans to date are carried out, with a large delegation heading up to Chicago to the Wildcat game As far as the dopesters are concerned the Boilermakers’ chances have dropped well down the list with their performance at Nashville, but most of the fans hereabouts are sort of inclined to feel that the Riveters are most likely to produce when the odds go agginst them, particularly in Evanston Theie wdl be some question mail s lesulting fiom Satuiday’s injury quotas A1 Luego, vcteian centei, is again nuising the knee that kept him out last yeai and whethei oi not it lesponds to tieatment means a lot to the team’s imincdi vte lutuie Ken Smock is having shoulder trouble, a fact that cannot help but affect the columns headed yards gained from rushing and leturn of punts Most of the other casualties of the Vandeibilt g ime weic not her ions and will not hamper the Boileimakeis too much on Satuiday
Open l-M Meet Soon Cardinals Beat Over-Rated Grid Teams For Cross Country Men Lose In Saturday Tilts
ina ame, Boilermakers' Future Opponents Show
With the coming of the fall season, plans are made for the intramural cross country meets Heading fh# hst is the ever-important inter-school meet to be held "V^dnesday, Oc-
“Whitey” Kurowski, husky
tober 14, at the north end of the intramural field by the little ^ ^ n .r i i e .r 1J, All 1. 1 e il- i il. Louis Cardinals, clouted a
golf course. All schools may enter this meet with four man
Right
Strength; Conference Squads Win Tilts As the scores of Saturday’s games are reviewed it becomes increasingly evident that a large number of the teams that
aiicaei ui xiiiii itiiu large publicity buildups before the start of the season
two and a half mile run will be complete the World’s greatly over-rated Such supposed powerhouses as Fordheld regardless of the Weather ham, Notre Dame, Cornell, Duke, Tulane and S. M. U. have however, in the event of bad -xr—^ shown m their early games that they are not the vaunted
teams which may consist of non-letter varsity men as well as non-varsity participants. The
home run in the ninth inning yesterday to score Walker Cooper ahead of him and
New York Yankees.
The final score was 4 to 2
weather the running numerals will be given out at the west
end of the Fieldhouse The first favor of the Red Birds, and Left thiee men to finish will score, the once more it was a ease of youth rest having run for the exeicise tie served” as young Johnny On the following Wednesday the in- Beazley scored his second triumph ter-fraternity meet will be held and of the senes, this time at the exconducted in much the same man pense of venerable Charley “Red” ner, each team entering four men Ruffing, who tried in vain to repeat with three men in the meet scoiing tiis earlier winning hurling effort Steeplechase The game was a thriller from Wednesday, October 28, begins an start to finish with the Yankees reera in the intramural world in this fusing to admit defeat even after school with the introduction of the Kurowski’s screaming line drive steeplechase This event taking snapped the 2 2 deadlock in the first place on the obstacle course, will be half of the ninth Joe Gordon led combined with a straight running off the final frame with a single to
left, and moved to second when Bill Dickey was safe at first on an error by Jimmy Brown Marse Joe McCarthy sent in Tuck Sta,inback to run for the lanky Arkansas back-
course, time being the determining factor Thei^ will be four men to a team, but unlike the other meets, this meet will be run in heats On the following day the Ward cross
country meet will be held and it stop, and Ruddy stepped up to bat
HAmmCHISF TEST PROVES VITAL ZONE
tackle on the Riveter squad, Barry French is living up to all expectations as one of the best tackles the Boilermakers have had in several years AVinner of the Merit Trophy for his work during his freshman year, big Bairy has tuined in outstanding performances in the season’s first two
games
will be conducted in the same manner as the Cl OSS inter fraternity meet Touchball Along with the coming of fall, comes the touch football season This game has been revised in the past and still is being refined by the
Cooper Stalls Yank Rally When Beazley fired an inside pitch which Priddy was unable 1;,o bunt. Walker Cooper picked Gordon off second with a perfect peg to Marty Marion Soon aftei. Brown caught Priddy’s pop fly, and thiew “Twinkletoes” Selkirk, who batted
addition of new rules Along with for Ruffing out at first Thus endthe nine man teams comes the adop ed the final game of baseball’s big tion of the Penn State intramural gest classic, the game being fea rules of blocking elimination and of trued by circuit clouts by Phil Riz a wide open pass system The elim- zuto and Enos Slaughter
NO MATTER HOW OFTEN YOU SMOKE IT
N©W under-arm v Cream Deodorant , safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shirts Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days Prevents odor 4. A pure white greaseless stainless vanishing cream 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Launder ing for being harmless to fabric
Illation of blocking was brought about by the numerous injuries that have been reported in the past The fiist practice game will be held to night, thus opening the touch football season The soft bij(ll season will officially close this week with the teams playing then last games in the next few days
Swimmers All varsity swimmers be in pool at 5 p m Wednesday for Debris pictuie —PAPENGUTH
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROi-D J RISK — DENTISTS — ‘too 404 SchultX Bldg 4th and Mam St^ Lafayette
Not since 1926 has a National League pennant winner been able to defeat the Yankees in a World’s Senes Then, as now, it was a Cai dinal team which turned the trick in a thrilling seven game struggle, which saw Grovei Cleveland Alex ander strike out Tony Lazzeri with the bases loaded in the seventh in-
ning of the deciding game Red Birds Outplayed ’Em
During the winter, when all base ball fans gather round the “hot stove ’ there will be many who will try to explain the rout which the Bronx Bombers suffered at the hands of Manager Billy Southworth’s Cardinals To those Amen can League fans who watched the Yanks roll to pennant after pen nant it may seem hard to beliqve But this time they were simply out played at every turn by a fighting
super teams as formerly be-
lieved
At the same time many of the teams rated lower have made surprising showings against strong opposition. Several of these are future Boilermaker opponents once again demonstrating that the Riveter schedule IS no bed of roses Saturday’s foe, the Northwestern Wildcats defeated the Texas Longhorns in a close struggle by a score of 3-0 The game’s only score was a 22 yard field goal by Algn Pick, Wildcat sub However the game’s outstanding star was Otto Graham, NU tailback, who turned in a great allaround performance Two of the Boilermakers’ oldest rivals met at Columbus Saturday in a wild contest in which the Buckeyes of Ohio State came out on top of Bo McMillan’s Indiana squad. The game was a see-saw contest in which the lead changed hands several times before the end was m sight Per usual the Hoosiers' ace. Bill Hillenbrand, played an outstanding game on offense, while Gene Fekete and Paul Sairinghouse, Buckeye backs, led the Ohio attack. The Riveters face the Bucks on October 17, while the Hoosiers will come to town foi the annual Bucket battle on the 21st of November
Wisconsin Wins
Wisconsin’s Badgers, the Boilermakers’ homecoming foe, lomped over the Marquette Golden Avalanche m a one sided contest The final score was 35 7 Dave Schreinei. Badger end, strengthened his claims Tor All American honors when he snagged thiee passes for
Sigma Pi vs Phi Gamma Delta
Wednesday, 8 45—
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa
Sigma
Theta Tau vs Triangle
Hilltoppers vs Delta Upsilon Pi Kappa Phi vs Pi Kappa Alpha Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Chi
39^ a
t jar
I lOfi and 59^ jars
GREETING CARDS rOR ALL OCCASIONS liniiersiiy Book Store
Fpple 40
Gangway! They’re headed for the
PURDUE UNION
BILLIARD ROOM! It s Fun! .... It’s Inexpensive! Just next door is the CARD ROOM; Check out cards, checkers or chess sets here at any time. Find yourself an opponent and come on down to the BILLIARD BOOM for a good game!
JluL fiwidiJUL Tyimud^ioL fUnmvL
Just take a walk through the building!
tackle, Bruce Warren, from Kalamazoo, Michigan, has been the mainstay of the right side of the Riveter line “Pinky” played sixty minutes against Fordham and worked a major part of the Vanderbilt game creating plenty of trouble for his opplonents in both contests. IM Schedules All Campus Bowling Tournament Schedule for week 2, Wednesday, Octobei 7 and Thursday, Octobei 8
Wednesday, 6 30—
Lambda Chi Alpha vs Theta Chi
Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Alpha touchdowns in addition to playing Epsilon a stellai defensive game Hirsch. Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Chi Wisconsin sophomore back, and the Beta Theta Pi vs Beta Sigma Psi ledoubtable Pat Har^p turned m
excellent perfoimances This week the Badgers tangle with thfe Univeisity of Missouri’s Tigeis in what should be one of the nation’s leading
contests
Great Lakes Wins One Up at Iowa City, two more future Rivetei opponents came togethei in a one-sided contest, when the Great Lakes squad tiounced Iowa’s Hawkeyes, 25-0 Led by then gieat backs Biuce Smith, Pete Kmetovic, Hugh McCullough, and Bob Sweigei, the navy men had roo much powei toi the Hawks Iowa exhibited none of the power displayed on the pieceding Saturday when they tiounced Nebraska, 27 0 This lapse may be paitially explained by the wet conditions which made Tom Eaimei’s passes ineffective The Boilei makers meet these teams on successive Saturdays, tangling with Iowa on Octobei 31 and Gieat Lakes on November 7th ' Michigan State, the Riveter’s final opponent before the Bucket battle with lU, were blanked by then ancient iival, Michigan, 20-0 at Ann Aiboi The Wolveiines, held scoieless, m the fiist halt, unleashed a blistering scoiing attack and pushed ovei thiee touchdowns in the last two peiiods The Rivetei s tace the Spaitans up at East Lansing on Novembei 14th Dolphin Club swimming honorary, announces the pledging ot the following men Van Dai row, Bob Barard, Roy Heidke, Clift Horton, Ronald Shady, Charles Van Duesen, Ray Nilian Dick Borner, Eddie Mills, John Nestle, Don Deer, Burton Sears, Dave Shiyei, Sherwood Fitei, Bill Dunn, Tom Makielskt, Leo McCanipbell, George Rich, LeRoy Mooie, EJlis Murphy, Richard Haskell, Leslie Fleck, Warren Huch, Bill Lang and Lewis Wate.
Rho
bunch of youngsters who would not Thursday, 6 30— be beaten That the Cards weie Sigma Nu vs Alpha Gamma Rho able to win the senes without the Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Sigma benefit of a single victory by then Kappa ace righthander, Morton Coopei, ——— makes the job turned in by the The following All Campus Tennis Mound City forces loom even more matches must be played by Wednes brilliant on the yeai’s b iseball day evening, Octobei 7 Anyone not horizon (See IM SCHEDULES, page 4)
!i' " % \ ' I '•',*< t,, *
If Vi'
J^urdue Ex!p<tmeni
Turnkey, Qetolkst^f 19>0.
aim
Indiana lo Parjidpate f h c/ui Members In National Industrial Annual
r Saturday
Donnsnt Strop DriVO An evening of om fashioned fun
is promised by ex-4-H club members
Indiana will participate in a na- ^j^gy i^gid t^jgjr annual party tioti-wide industrial "dormant scrap Saturday night in the Women’s drive" w^iich began Thursday and cyni. Folk games will be provided will continue for 90 days, John P. g„^gj, direction of Kenny Truax
IM Scheduldn E. P. Miller Lectures
(Continued from page 3) " , having played by thkt date tvill be dropped from the tburnartient: L. B. Eatchford vs. Dave Rodgers, E. E. Jett vs. H. P. Voth, Jim Murdoch vs. Nat Laskin, G. E. Gifford vs.
J. A. Anderson.
On X-ray Tonight
Enlisted Reserve Corps: All piale students are reminded that enlistments in the BBC must be oomplfeted by Dec. 81 or the dhd df the freshmati year, whiAhever date is later. Applicants should aptly no* ih rootn B-4 o£ the Armory in brddr that enlistments may be dohipleted before the close of the year. —GfiAHAM
Ag Ed Society: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, October 6, at 7 :S& p. m. in the Music Room of the Union. —DALZELU '
Collett of Indianapolis, Sub-Re- ^j^g purdue Folk-a-Whirlers.
gional Chief of the Industrial Sal- Sggiaj dancing, special numbers and
vagC Section, Conservation Division
WPB, announced
Seventy thousand industrial plant top-rnnkihg executives will be contacted three times during this period. They will be asked to make an inventory of all dormant scrap materials which can be used as a schedule in making a complete disposal uf all these materials through regularly organized scrap dealer
channels.
Scrap Defined
Dormant scrap is defined as obsolete machinery, tools, equipment, dies, jigs, fixtures, etc., which are
other recreation will complete the entertainment. Tickets for the party, which will continue from 8:00-11:00, may be purchased from Margaret Young, Mabel Vaughn, Russ Hardin or from any 4-H member for fifteen cents. Anyone interested is invited to come.
The following Freshman Tennis Singles must be played by Wednesday evening, Oct. 7: A1 Wufider vs. R. W. Vandebunt, J. W. Stine vs. Oscar Smuekler, John Rodgers vs. Bob Rawlings, C. B. Ralihan vs. D. C. Rasmussen, Bill Hopkins vs. F. L. McQuary, Jim Murdoch vs. Edson Sehuman, Steve Thomas vs. John Anderson.
Dr. E. P. Miller, of the Physics Department, will give an.illustrated lecture at the meeting of the University branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers today at 7:30. Dr. Miller Will speak 'On
“X-ray in Engineering.”
The group will meet in room 108 of the Me Buildingj and all engineering students will be welcome.
Condition Examinations in Mathematics: Will be held on Saturday, October 3, at 1 :SB p. m. in Recitation BUildlfi^. All bWdents who have C and I grades in Matheinatica' should obtain permits for this examination at the Mathematics office before October 1. —AYRES
Army Air Corps Applicants: All students who have applied for meteorplotjy training with the AVmy Air Corps and hdvC ndt yet been enlisted or who desire to apply, contact Capt. Graham in the Arfnory. Enlistments for Meteorology Training close on ThurSdaji, OdtbBci' 15. ~ —GRAHAM
Society of AutomotWp Engineers:
group picture will be taken Tuesday mght in the south ballroom of the Union at 7:15
p.^m. It is important
Zouaves: Actives,
no
History, Gov. and EtJon. ‘C* Removal: Exartiinationa for the removal of conditions and incompletes in Hist., Econ., and Gov. will be held on ^at., Oct. 10, at 1 p. m. iti room 313 of the recitation building. Application must be made in advance. --ESTEY
Triton: There V?iU be np tneeting Tuesday All those who have signed up for the picnic Tuesday, October 6, meet at the Memorial Gym at 6 p. m. —BROWNE
Purdue Christian Foundation Juniors and Seniors: Any junior or senior ed or coed who did not attend the first m^setititf of the marriage class last hiay IstiH get iiito the five remaining classes by reporting at 7:lB p. m. at 1181 B. Grant Wfedndsdhy night. —REYNOLDS
Alpha Phi Omega: All actives intending to go on the hike, Saturday, October 10, must contact Weaver (phone 5418) by Thursday. —BENDER
Playshop Ticket Salesmens Lists of faculty members to be contacted are now rehdy — a. tAI...'Dinnaa evaf rTl0Wt flf.
uiiy memoers to ue vuiitwctcu i»v" at Blayshop office. Please get them at once
—DELONG
Gold Diggers
Removal of C and I Grades in C. E, 41: An examination-for the removal of 0 and 1 grades will be held in roota 126 of HeaVilon Hall from 1:3() to 4 (30 p. m. on Oct. 10. Permi‘>sion to take the examination must be dbtoined from F. W. Grove prior to Oct. 6. -GREVE
WAA : Rlflery begins Monday. October 12. All house and hall sports representatives let me know by Thursday, October 8, Which day your group wishes to shoot. Meets will be held at 6:30 p. m. Monday through Thursday, October 12-16, inclusive. —WILBUR
Dolphin Actives and Pledges: Men who have turned your names iP to me fdr picnic, meet at Women's Gym this evening at p. —KRUBCK
The following Fraternity Touchball practice games will be played Tuesday evening, Oct. 6, at 4:15: Field
Pharmacists Show Movie Tonight
“Impiunization Against Infec- ^
incapable of current or future use tious Diseases,” a 45 minute color in the War production effort because movie which shows how active imthey are irreparable or dismantled, munization is effective in preventA staff of 2,500 salesmen and ing many diseases, will be presented sales executives, drawn from the tonight at 7:30 in room 311 of the staffs of the nation’s major steel Pharmacy Building by the student companies, steel warehouses and blanch of the American Pharma-
equipment distributors, will assist ceutical Association,
the Industrial Salvage Section dur- Some of the diseases discussed ing the 90-day campaign. are diphtheria, scarlet fever, tetaMr. Collett pointed out that con- nus, pertussis and typhoid fever tinuous production from open- with a section of the movie devoted hearth furnaces during the winter to each disease and showing the geomonths of 1943 IS dependent on the graphical distribution, the sympcolleijtion of 7,000,000 additional toms and the method of immuniza-
tons of iron and steel scrap pre- tion for it.
pared for delivery to the mills.
For Executives ’ Hott Oub Will HoW
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Umpire: Hawk-
ins.
Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha
Mu. Umpire: Emerson.
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Chi. Umpire: Ceaser-S. Rudasics. 4 Delta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Umpire: Musselman.
5 Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Umpire: Foss-J. Ruda-
sics.
6 Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Pi. Umpires: Hess-Whittock. 7 Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Umpire: Herman. 8 Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Umpire: Maroziek.
(Continued from page 1) These consist of two trumpets, a trombone, two violins (doubling flutes and viola), three tenors (doubling clarinets and bass clarinet), string bass, drums and piano. Allen Garmon, violinist and solo flutist, is featured on the sweeter numbers with viola solos. His playing adds to the band’s symphonic touch.
MT 5: The following students ara requested to report to Sgt. Dillman in the supply room to be measured for Advance Course uniforms at the earliest possible time: J. M. Bahner. D. C. Burns, S. I. Cownnn, F. N. Grail, H. G. de Biuyn, G. P. Glunt, M. K. Lynch, W. L. Morgan, D. J. Nadolski, G. E. Nelson, J. D. Pescok, G. Petree, W, C. Reckman, -—BROWN
Alpha Phi Omega: Pledging ceremonies and an injportant business meeting including discussion of the forthcoming hike Saturday, October 10, will be held in room 304 of the Union, Tuesday, October 6, at 7:30 D. m. —BENDER
Cosmo Members: Eriday, October 9, at 4:l6 p. m. in room 304 of the Union, Prof. Fotos of the Modern Languages Department wilt speak to the club on the subject "The Background of the European Languages". —MILLER
Tau Kappa Alpha: Important meeting on Wednesday, October 7, at 4 p. fn. Ih University Hail. —WEISS
Gimlet Club: Anyone who did not turn his football coupon in to me will have to get his ticket in the ordinary mannef. —FRASER
AIME; Talk by Prof. Solberg, on “Metals Used for High Temperature Steam” on Thursday, October 8, at 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the tJnion. —SCHALLIOL
Playshop Lab: All of those who tried out for lab. plays see list posted in Fowler Hall. Final reading will be held Tuesday^ October 6, at 4 p. m. ■—-SMITH
Cisne’s group is the most extensively travelled dance band today. The entire organization has twice toured the southern states and the mid-west playing in Memphis, Chicago, Shreveport, Cincinnati, Detroit, and Kansas City. Tickets for the dance are on sale for $1 plus tax at the West Desk of the Union, the sorority houses and by members of the committee.
Horticulture Picnic: The freshman picnic will be held Wednesday, October 7. Meet in Room 117 of the Horticulture Building at 4 :30 There will be no cost to the freshmen. All others will be charged 30c. —NORDLINGER
All Students: Anyone having or knowing the whereabouts of Debris paper cutter please return or inform us immediately. It disappeaied the night of Riveter Rassel elections. —BALL
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, tybewfiters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia,
Delta Rho Kappa: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 0, at 4 :30 p. m. in Room 302, Union —DAVIS
Purdue Christian Foundation Cabinet: All members are urged to be present at the meeting Thursday evening from 7:16 to 8. —PACKARD
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph *ork done. C. J. EbCrshoff, 6(16 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Top executives of all Indiana industrial plants were urged by Mr. Collett to adopt the following pro-
gram :
1. Instruct the salvage executive of your plant to inspect all areas of your plant to determine what salvageable items falling in the dormant scrap classification can be
scrapped.
2. Each such item should be clear-
Picnic, Election
Tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 the Horticulture Society will meet for the Horticulture Picnic, and also for the election of new officers. The group is to meet in the Horticulture Building in room 117. After election, the students and
The following Fraternity Touchball practice games will be played Wednesday evening, Oct. 7, at 4:15: Field 1 Sigma Nu vs. Theta Chi. Umpires: Marozick-S. Rudasics. 2 Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Tau. Umpires: Ceaser-Whittock. 3 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Xi. Umpires: J. E. Rudasics-Hess. 4 Phi Kappa vs. Triangle. Umpires: Foss-Hawkins. 5 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Umpires: MusselmanHerman.
Plant- Physiologists To Hear Dr. Thornton
University section of the Amer-
ican Society of Plant Physiologists will hold a meeting m Room 103 of Stanley Coulter Hall this afternoon at 4:00. Dr. M. H. Thornton, of the Purdue agricultural chemistry staff,
will speak on “Chemurgy.”
ly marked for quick identification faculty will go to the picnic grounds
and a list in duplicate, for your
to play baseball, horseshoes, and
own use, made in order that plant °ther sports. Freshmen will not pay management may authorize the dis- the 30 cent food charges. E. W.
position of each item. Appioximate weight should be indicated opposite every piece of dormant scrap. 3. Please arrange immediately to dispose of at least one-third of the totai tonnage within the next thirty days. Another third should be
Kalin, F. Bass, and V. Colglozier have been in charge of preparations
for the picnic.
Expo Callout
The following Fraternity Softball semi-finals will be played -Tuesday evening, October 6, at 4:15: 1 Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Umpires: Rodgers-Swartz. 2 Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Umpires: Bussing-Shook. The finals will be played Thursday evening, Oct. 8, at 4:15 on Diamond 1 with the following officials: Bussing and Shook.
Notices
Aeromoilleri; Important meeting in room 80 of the Union at 7 30 p m. on Tliuisday, October 8. An election will be held Plana for the rating syatems of contests will be discussed A club piojcct will also be decided upon Eveiyoiie make an effort to be present. ”
-SMITH
Union Workers: Members of various com- ’ mittecs have been selected as follows: Personnel: W. Bair, W. Cook, J Cornellb, N. Denby, R. Blake-, J. Flanagan, B. Jansing, R Martin, J Merkel, N. Pierce, C Pingry, L. Remmers, N. Robertsoh, G. Slate:, S Snyder, J Wismar, R. Cummings.
—GEE and HILLER
Recreation: D Appel, L. Caldeiolli, J. Ciaig, v. George, J. Gosb, J. Illyers, J. •lames, J. Jones, T Nygren, P. Patrick, R Stallings, J Tillitson, J. Weinberg, P.
Savage, R. Naethans
—NELSON and HUTCHINS
Publicity: V Armstrong, E Bellamy, E. Detolve, E. Eddy, J. Embry, G. Goodman, K Hilalrd, J Klieli, R. Lash, J McMuiry, C. May. L Rubenkoenig, J. Stallings, B
Swanson, D. Boston, B. Dickey. —FRIER and KATTERJOHN
Camera and Clubs: B BiUica, R Blake. R. Collister, K Gannon, A. Gray, J. Holton, A Kaplan, T. Ketcham, W Kinnet, M McCullough, R Mathis, L. Reiman, B. Van
Camp, L Millholin, E. Bishop
—PURMAN
Browsing Room: B Burch, L. Conn, W. Ellifrit, C. Elwaid, B Hipskind, P. Jenkins, A McKenzie, C. Neger, M. Reynolds, J. Schiitt, K Sounour, L Smith, R Van Veld,
G Womble, C. Kregei
—KIESTER
Music Room and Reception: P Blakely, W Biewer, B Caiitley, H Curry, S. iPoimica, L Hams, P Huber, R Krohn, B. Puce, B. Purcell, R Samuelson, F. Smith, R Bodley, J. Graybill —MACDONALD Defense: M Bowlby, R Clearwater, B. Gustafson, M Konioek, B Krdiige, C Nacke, M Pagliaiulo, W Paisley, D. Smith, C Snyder, J Spandit, H Whyte, C Woodward, .1 Wooling, J Hillebrandt —CHAPMAN and SIEGLER Committee mcmbeis please check bulletin board for room asbignmeiits.
Christian Sciehcc Organization: Regular meeting 'Tuesday, October 6, at 7 :30 p m. in room 806 of the Union. Important business meeting to follow. All members please attend. —WATT
Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles. Kiger Shell ■Service,‘*Northweateri» It Columbia.
Camera Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 7, in room 303, at 7:30 p m. Prof. Eckel will talk on “Photography in the Field of Metallurgy”. —trueblood
Programs, tickets and all kinds of printing at painless prices Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th St. Phone 6206.
Lost—Luggage tan wardrobe suitcase in Union Building. Finder please return to Main Office in Union Building or 410 Maple street. Reward.
Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting at Lambda Chi Alpha Thursday, October 8. Fine for absence. ■—RIDER
Lost—Brown wallet. If found please call 36201. Reward.
Flying Club: There will he a meeting Tuesday, October 6, at 7.16 in room 302 of the Union All those interested in joining please attend this meeting —CROW
We are badly in need of boys_ without one o’clocks to wait bnnciueta at Umon Building. It interested leave names in Union Cafeteria Office.
Newman Club: Discussion group meeting Wednesday at 7 10 p. m in loom 305 of the Union. —JOHNSON
Water Ballet Group: Practice Wednesday at 4 p m. Please be there —JOHNSON
Military Ball Committee: Meeting tomorlow at 0 p m in loom 232 of the Union. -JACKSON
« DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
English and Speech Conditional Exams: Examinations for the removal-of-conditions in English and Speech will be given on Saturday afternoon, October 10, from 1 to 4, in Room 201, University Hall Rtmoval-of-condition cards, obtamabla at the English Office, should be properly filled out and the $2 00 fee paid prioi to the examination. —CREEK
Dolphin Acti\es and Pledges: Those who weie profaent at the last meeting and have been as&igned dates meet at the Women’s Gym at 5 p m , Tuesday, October 6. —KRUECK
Student Art Gtiild: Meeting at 7:80 p. m , Tuesday, Octobei 6, in room 263 ol the Union —FELDER
Fresh . . . Just in PEANUTS AND MIXED NUTS Direct from oven to you
Schraffl Chocolate Box Candy 65c-$2.20
Dreft 25c
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
(Continued from page 1)
moved within the next 30-day peiiod interview important people who and the final third during the next visit the campus and all staff mem-30-day inteiwal—or a total disposi- hers are encouraged to write feation within 90 days. ture articles about some interesting With regard to the spotting and subject which they have observed, disposal of dormant sciap the In- Type Set Across Town
dustrial Salvage Section offers to
industry this policy:
“If it hasn’t been used for the last three months, and no one can prove it can be used in the next three— find a use for it or scrap it.”
Dr. E.W. Kellogg Will
Address ASME
Friday
“Mechanics Problems in
The copy of the paper is wiitten in the Exponent office in the subbasement of the Union and then it is transported across town and set up in type. Here the paper is made up and locked in the forms. This ends the editorial staff’s woik on the paper, but the forms are returned to the Union and the paper is printed on the Exponent press in the sub-basement of the Union. This is only a part of the details of work
Sound paper which will be explained
Our Distribution Methods this year are better than ever, but were still
T- . . „ 1, X, ,1. V j:' at this afternoon’s meeting
Engineering will be the subject of
a talk by Dr. E. W. Kellogg at the Equal Chances For All October meeting of the American Everybody who works on the Society of Mechanical Engineers, paper is eligible to apply for any Dr. Kellogg is Director of Special job at any time and all have an Research and Development on equal chance to obtain a junior or
Sound Equipment of RCA Manufacturing Co., Indianapolis. The meeting will be held at the Indianapolis Ath],etic Club Friday evening beginning with a social hour at 6:30, followed by dinner at 7. Cost for members will be $1,
senior job. Elections are held on a semester basis and staff members are eligible for junior and senior positions upon reaching that posi-
tion in school.
All interested are urged to attend today’s meeting, but if you are
while non-membeis will be chaiged unable to attend, drop in the Ex$1.50. The piogiam begins at 8 and ponent office at some other time and is open to everyone, niembeis and arrange to enroll in the training
non-membeis alike. school.
LAUmRY?~YES!
^But Laundry Problems? NO!
Even a Freshman soon learns how to handle Laundry Problems—just send your laundry home by Railway Express — and have it returned to you the same way. You’ll find it’s really no problem at all.
Low rates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge, within our regular vehicle limits, in all cities and principal / towns. Your laundry can be sent prepaid or collect, as you / choose. Psst! Send ami receive baggage, gifts, etc. the ^ same convenient way.
RAILWA’
:y
XPRESS ACENCY 'ymr isc.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE I
not perfect.
We appreciate your complaints, be-
cause they help to improve our system.
Please, though, when calling in
CALE 4005
between 4:00 and 6:00 p. m.
and ask for
EXPONENT CIRCULATION
k (