Aviation Men Interview
Great Lakes And Boeing Representatives To Visit Campus Lieut. H.B. Butterfield, commanding oJfficer of the U.: S. Naval Aviation Base, at Great Lakes^ 111., and W. vanHaitsma, director of education at Boeing Schopi of Aefonautics, at Oakland, Calif., will be on the campus; today to interview st^ dents intereSted in aviatiOm r Lieut. Butterfield /mil arrive at the airport a;t 10 this morning and wfll he on the campus until 2 o’clock this afternoon. Students desiririg an interview should niake arrangements with Gapt. G. W. Haskins, head of the aero-dynamic laboratory, for meeting Lieut. Butterfield either in room 106 M- E. Building, or in Gapt. Haskin’s office.
Qualifications
Qualifications for entrance into the Naval School at Great Lakes will be pOsted on the first floor bulletin board of the M. E. Building this morning for those seniors interested
in the course. ■ '
Mr., vanHditsma wdll be on the campus all day but will interview students only between 10 a- m^ and 2 p, m., in the Fowler hotel. Appointments may be made by calling him there. Mr. vanHaitsma will speak to aviation enthusiasts in room 208 ■ of the M, E. Building at 4 o’clock this afternoon. At 7:30 this evening, he is to give an illustrated lecture before the Purdue section of the American Society of Mechanical En gineerS in room 207 of the M
Building.
Condition Critical
A. M. “Casey” Chasteen, associate editor of the Exponent, was given an even chance to recover last night from an attack of kidney trouble and development of either diphtheria or scarlet fever, according to a report from the Home hospital, where he was taken last Thursday. Visitors are not permitted to-ehtei* his fOoih at the hospitalChasteen’s parents arrived here yesterday from their home near Scottsburg.
GE Lab Head Will Address
E.
Best Soldiers Announced Miiskaiii And Cro^ Win First Places • W. C. Musham, sophomore mechanical, and R. W. Croyle, freshman engineering, were selected last night as winners in the Best Soldier Contest conducted by Scabbard and Blade, military honorary. Ten sophomores and ten freshmen were selected by a board of judges of the organization after the examination conducted last Saturday afternoon in which more than 100 basic military students participatedThe first five ranking men in each class will receive medals and citations while the other ten will receive citations only. Other sopohomore winners were: D. D. Baals, R. E. Johnson, E. N. Cox, M. L. Underwood, J. Vanderford, J. R. Murray, W. E, Perry, F. L. Goers, and H. W.
Anderson.
Freshman y^inners were J. H. Jacobi, L. M. Comee, R. W. Oyler, B. C. Andrus, W. L. Hostetler, J. M. Rudolph, J. W. Greenis, R. 0. Dirmeyer, and R. R. Hannas. This contest was conducted exclusive of classroom work.
Forn^er^ Grad Scheduled For Baiii|uet Talk : Tomorrow Mprt: .. Dr. Matthew Lpckiesh, who received his bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering from Purdue in 1909, and is present director of the lighting research lab, Nela park, 0., will be the principal speaker at the all-engineeririg honorary banquet at 6:30 o'clock tomorrow evening in the ballroom of the Union Building. Since 1909, Dr. Lpckiesh has been connected with the N'ela research labs of the General Electric Company.
Sponsors
Sponsored by Tau Beta Pi, Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, PiTan SigI, and Phi Lambda Upsilon, the banquet is open to all active and faculty members of these organizations and to distinguished freshman and sophomore engineers. Dr. Luckiesh has written approximately 20 books and several articles for technical journals. The Distinguished Service Foundation of \Optometry presented him with a gold medal for researches in sight. He is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fraternity and of Tau Beta Pi and Sigma Xi honoraries.
Four Students To Attend 4-H Camp The state club division of the agricultural extension department recently announced that Miss Mary E, Wein, H. E. ’39, Montmorenci; Miss Lillian A. Murphy, H. E. ’'37, Bremen ; C. T. Hosford, Albion; and T. K. Parkison, Ag. ’38., Francesville, will represent Indiana at the national 4-H club junior leaders’ training Camp to be held in Washington, D. C., June 17 to 24.
Scabbard And Blade Initiates 16 Men Scabbard and Blade, Military honorary society, held its formal initia tion of new members in the Armory at 5 o’clock yesterday afternoon. Twenty six students were initiated and four associate members were taken into the organization. Following the initiation the new members were honored by a banquet held at Lincoln Lodge. Major General Tyndall, speaking on the history of the National Guard, was the speaker of the evening. John Kany, acting as toastmaster, was in charge of the
program.
A list of the new members follows: Anderson, J. E.; Brubaker, J. F,; Burkhart, R. L.; Chancellor, W. S.; Farquharson, D. H.; Hartman, R. A.; Hooper, W. T.; Iddles, G.; Johnson, R. E.; Kelley,,R. M.; Klaiber, C. L.; Krebs, E. P.; Lischer, L. F.; Love, M. E.; Luginbill, W. F.; Milner, F.; Murphy, J. J.; Parsons, D. C.; Pultz, N. J.; Spitler, W. I.; Stewart, R. R.; Wahl, F. G.; White, E. W.; Winter, W. E.; Wray, P. C.; Wright, J. W. The four Associate Members initiated yere: Major General R. H. Tyndall, Captain E, V. Holmes, Professor H. W. Gregory, and Professor R. C. Corley.
AiChE To Hear Turner, Editor And Publisher Francis M. Turner, editor of “The Condensed Chemical Dictionary and an editor of “The Chemical Catt alogue” and Vice President of Reinhold Publishing Co., will speak at the AICHE meeting in room 106 in the chemistry building today at 4. His subject will be the “Application of Technical Literature of Chemistry Engineering.”
Dr.C.W.Gilkey Scheduled As" Gala Speaker Dean Of Chapel At Chicago U. WiU Deliver Baccalaureate Sermon Charles Whitney Gilkey, dean of the chapel and professor of preaching at the Univefsity of Ckicagb^ will deliver the baccalaureate address for this year’s graduating class at 2:46 ©’dock Sunday affer-; noon, June 7. Dr; Gilkey will be accompanied to Lafayettjs by Prof. C. Hockema, and Will return immediately following his sermon to fulfill evening engageihehts in Chica-;
go.
Dr. Gilkey, recognized as one of the most putstanding Ahierican preachers. Was ordained a Baptitt minister in 1910. He was born in Massachusetts in 1882, and was graduated from Harvard; in 1903. After receiving his M. A. from that institutipn in 1904, he spepit six years in study iii this country and in Europe. From 1910 to 1928 he was pastor of the Hyde Park church in CbicagO. Delta Upsilon He is a member of Delta U^psilon fraternity, and was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa while in H^-i^vard. Dr. Gilkey has received honorary doctorates from" Williams^ Hills dale, Yale, Brown, ^Harvard, and Colby, and has served as uniyersity preacher at a number of North American institutions. In addition to his work as a pastor and with the University of Chicago, he has written a number of books, including “Jesus and Opr Generation’’, “New Frontiers For Faith”, “Present Day Dilemnas In Religion”, and “Perspectives”. College Who’s Who Lists 14 Students Fourteen members of the University student body were listed among the most prominent students in America in the recent issue of the 1936 Who’s Who Among Students in American colleges and universities. The book, published yearly by H Pettus Randall, containing names from 240 colleges and universities is published to “establish a reference volume of authoritative information on the great body of Amerin can undergraduates”. The names appearing under Purdue University are: Helen F. Hall, Mary Louise Lustig, Virginia Gobble, R. C. Fuller, V. A. Meleski, J. N Davis, C. H. Campbell, R. C. Robbins, F. W. Stone, J. C. Browning, H. V. Heuser, E, D. Lynch, H. P, Guirl, and Di C- Burnham.
Prof. PbilUps In Demand For Commencements ' Prof. Robert Phillips, of the Purdue University history and economics department, has already accepted invitations to be the principal speaker at 26 high school commencement exercises during the next two months. In the series of addresses, Prof. Phillips will appear before schools in Illinois and Michigan as
well as in Indiana.
Prof. Phillips will also deliver one of the main laddfesses before tife ternational convention of Lions’ clubs to be held at Providence^ R. I., in July. His subject before the Lions’ COhyehtion Wiil be “Liberty’^^
Egg Show To
Start Prom Ticket
Annual Exhibits Held Diiidiig 4-H Roimd-tl|>
Id Poidtty
Air plans have virtually been completed for the 28th annual Purdue Egg Show and the fourth annual Purdue Baby Chick Show to be held here in the Poultry Building May 6-8, ddring the 4^H Club Round-:Up, according to manager M. V. Flock. Entries in the Egg Show will be receiyed up to 10 o’clock Thursday morning. May 7, to peimiit the club boys and girls who attend the roundup to bring their exhibits with them, while entries in the Chick Show will close at 1 o’clock Thursday after-
noon. May 7. New Displays
Two new features of the Egg Show .will be displayed as high school and individual Classes. High school students, entering eggs in the other classes, may also place their eggs in the high school class, in competition for a large pla;que, which will be awarded to the high school whose students show the best display in the 10 dozen egg class. The individual who has the highest scoring five dozen in any of the classes will receive the individual display award of $2.00 in cash.
Student Classes
Besides the other Egg Show prizes in the usual classes for farmers, commercial poultr3nnen, hatcherymen, high school and grade school students, 4-H club members, county agents, vocational teachers, and alumni, six classes are open to University students. Over $30 in cash and trade will be offered to the winners in the brown and white egg classes of freshmen, sophomores and a combined class of jun iors and seniors. To the grand sweepstake winner in the chick show, the committee will award a a sixteen inch gold alloy cup. Edward Sproat, assistant manager. Swift and Company’s Produce Plant, Logansport, and Phillip C. Endres, Frankfort, will judge the eggs and chf ks, rGc pectively.
Programs Avmlable At Cashier’s Office Until Friday Junior Prom tickett and programs will be distributed at the cashier’s office, Uinversity Hall, from 8 o’clock tomorrow morning through Thursday and Friday, according to a report from Chairman O. W. “Lefty” Martin last night. Two of the iiOTel ’ivfiite leather dance' prograin^ with/^’Junior Proni” mono-^ grlammed/on the cover and the Purdue seal stamped bn the fly leaf, will be issued with each ticket, Martin
eaid.
/ Proni will be a strictly formal fair, proper dress being tux, tails, of spring formal attire consisting of white palm beach cbat, blaCk formal pants^ stiff shirt and bow tie, and white shoes. Anyone not conforming to these rules will not be admitted to the dance. Members pf the cottimittee have decided to wear tails. Benny Goodman, who has been acclaimed nationally for Axis distinct ttve style of “swing rhythm” will ring the same array of musicians
Women’s Onk Sponsoisi Annual Dinner-Danee
Members of the Purdue Women’s club held their annual dinner-dance in the ball room of the Memorial Union Building last night with about 200 couples attending. Mrs. H. E. Enders, retiring president of the club, gave the welcoming address, and Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of; engineefing and president of the University club, made the response. Mrs. Rainey provided: enteitainf ment fbr the afliaif ivith sgyei^ harp numbers. Cards and dancing f bllbwed the dinner with Bud Bryant’s pfchestra furmshing the muarr ic.,- '.'/v'/-"'/'I/
BULLETIN
The social chairman of each campus fraternity must see to the arrangements of his fraternity booth.
and entertainers who aided him in scaling the heights of fame in the professional orchestra field to the campus to furnish the syncopation for Prom goers. Helen Ward, famed songstress, “Topts” Mondell, and Gene Kruppa will provide vocal features for the program. Decorations Decorations for From will consist of two stairways leading from a dpuble landing, up to a balcony window in the Center pf the ballroPni directly behind the orchestra. The structure has already been erected and is strong enough to support the weight of couples desiring to glimpse the dance from this angle. Booths conforming to the decorations will be set up in the ballroom Friday. Each booth will have the marker of a fraternity represented at the dance. A banquet for this and last year’s Prom committees will be held at 8 o’clock preceding the dance.
Civils Hear Wyly Tonight nVinoia Road W^ill Talk At 7:30 O’clock W. T. Wyly, bf the lUihois state highway commission, will address the local chapter pf the Aiheticah Society of Civil Engineers on “Ppun-/ datipn and FlHi^g” in the Civil Engineering Building at 7 :30 tphight. Wyly comes here after a wide ept gineering experience, staftihg several years ago when he was empoyed by Prof. C- A. Ellis,bf the civil staff , who was then an employer of engineers in Chicago. Wyly will discuss problems in foundation work and later he will tell some of the interesting experiences encountered as a World War flying ace on the western front.
i
Women At Washington U. Plenty Smooth^ Says Transfer Student
Roger Williams Club To Be Host For Baptist Seiiiiors The Roger Williams club, of the West Lafayette Baptist church, will hold the annual banquet in honor bf the Baptist senior students; at 6:30 o’clock. May 1. The program is to be short in order to avoid interference with the Junior Prom.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Alpha Tau Omega announces the initiation of the following; R, E, Ringer, R. L. Stevenson, W. K. Millholland, J. C. Vaughn, G. Pbehlman, B. L. Fielding, D. W. Frush, M- S; Taylor, T. G. Reis, B. Mellett, H. R, Burkholder, D. A. Williams, E. Gerke, C. B. Patch, F. W. Jenkin^, E. Janusz,
By M. P. Hatfield. I was just sitting doAvn to an evening of nothing when the telephone rang. The next thing I knew I was sitting at a table at the Chocolate Shop staring into a stein of beer. Across the table from me sat a young fellpw who had that “far away look” in his eyes that is so often seen in the eyes of thpse people who are a little homesick. I saw my chance to snap him out of the blues, and get some information for myself, when hp started talking-| about the school that he had attended for several years prior |ip coming to Purdue^ I “egged him on” with questions every time he started to get that dreamy look in his eyes, again. Washington University in St. Louis was the schopi he had attended; he was now cpmparing merits and demerits with those of Purdue. Cultural Atmosphere “The whole atmosphere was so different. As ypu drove west of the j main street of St. Louis approaching the campus, the cultural rather than the stern, efficient, business-like side of life seemed to strike your consciou$hpps,^’ he said, - ^ Several of the more permanent
buildings, left standing after the St. Louis World’s Fair had Closed, formed the nucleus of the university. In spite of the fact that the university is privately endowed, the tuition alone is more than twice as much as Purdue’s out-of-state-fees. Most of the new buildings, which have been added from time to time, are built with graceful exteriors and beautifully furnished interiors. The one sorb thumb of the campus is the new physics building. This building is the only one that gives the idea that there might be some science taught in the school. All of the buildings are set in a quadrangle with long terraced lawns between them and the street. The actual campus, on which there are very few trees but marvelous sod, covers an area a little larger that the Purdue engL hbering campus. Orphan Engineers In answering my question wHuther the engineering school was the dominant school or not, he said that it seemed to him that the bpard of directors gpt together one day and decided that there was an engineering schpbl bn tbe campus, and there (Continue^
Glider Students Test Lake Winds Four members of the University Glider club, A. L. Wood, W. B. O’Neal, A. F. Farwell, Jr., and R, L. Buell made an expedition to the Indiana Dunes State Park last Sunday to test the winds over the sand I’idges of the lake shore. They took the club's secondary glider, “Flying Boilermaker”, along pn a trailer, arid met three members of the South Bend Glider club with their glider, Colonel Fishbach, superintendent of the park lent them an air-wbeeled tow car for use on the beach. Due to the low wind velocity the flights were short, most of them four or five minutes in duration. The pilots found that they gained their best lift about five or ten feet above the tops of the tfees.. When the air currents failed, the pilots side slipped off the ridge to trie beach.
WBAA Starts Traffic Talks The first of a series of programs entitled “The man behind the wheel” was broadcast over WBAA yesterday afternoon between 1:30 and 1:46 from the corner of Tenth and Elizabeth Street in Lafayette. The :pfogram was conducted in the same manner as the “Vox Pop” radio program, motorists being stopped and interviewed on questions of safety. Between each interview, a short talk on various questions of highway safety was given by Tom McCreadie, announcer, and J. R. McElhbny, pf the public safety institute. The next program of the series is scheduled for Wednesday, with the broadcasts each “Monday and Wednesday thereafter./ After the series gets under way, it is planned to prepare a mimeographed set of questions and answers which will be given to each motorist after the interview; Any persons having questions pertaining to any phases of safety should send them in to either the public safety institute or direct to WRAA, and they will be answered on the program. , ■
Alien Is Recovering From Appendectomy J. C. Alien, freshman science student in the University, was taken to the St. Elizabeth hospital yesterday for an appendicitis operation. He was reported as doing well last evening, and signified his intentions of welcoming visitors.
ANNOUNCES ELECTION Phi Kappa Sigma announces the election of the following officers presiderit, P. M. Morencyi vice president, N, E. Rowland; treasurer, L. C. Birdsal; social chairman, Emmett Phelps.
Biologists Dine Li Union ToniorroW The Indiana branch of the Society of American Baeteriplpgiste :witt meet in the reception room/qf tfeS:; Memorial Union Building tomorrow evening for dinner at 6:30 o'clock to be followed by the reading of seven manuscripts dealing with varioias phases of bacteriology. Two of the most interesting papers are those written by Prof, E. H. Parfitt and F. J. Babel, of the University dahy department, entitled “Bacteriological Control of Ice Ci-eam” and “Experiments in Purification of Virus of Rabies” by Dr. C. A. Behrens and R. K. Jennings, of the University biology department. Other men who contributed to the several writings are; Dr. W. Headlee, Dr. R. M. Cable, Prof. T. A* Tetrault, Prof. C. O. Lee, J, M. iirker,andR.L.PhaKps«ethfthiQlogy . Mll«nber Associated Collegiate Press DisWnratw of OOIXKGIATO niGIHV
ItMilMsr of NkfioBBl CelteKa Pk><» AsaotSatsoiu Bigr Ton Asmciktien BK^Mirotr Kopiesenied by Natloniri Sortloo, Ine. 420 Madiaon ATonno, New Yorik City
Entered ka aeeond elaee mattor at the iw* office, Lafaye^ Indiaita, ^
aHdl, f&.60 per year, deliTered W carrier, $2 60;
I per yc«r: sold by ainela copy, 2 eenta.
Bnaineae PtioiM 6088
UAIN 07FIGB-412 NorUi Fifth Street
EdUhrial Phono 6087
Daily Stndent PoMicatioit of Purdae Univ^sity
Mitor-iB*Chkf„
Ibnaeinjt Editor. Aaaociate Editon
E^oita Editor
Editona.
ImfeoaattPe Aaaietamta.
M>ITO»IAL STAFF „ „ „ ^ V. Honsor
-O H. Campbell
, _ A. Bl Chasteen, C. M- Hardin, W. T Hunt, B. BL Morrio, M. G Walther „ U. E Hays „D. P. Mull, R. H. Walpole, I* ». Wood
Bold and Black Editor.
_ „ K. A. Barnette, J. E Brock, A. H Forster, a Harper, Jr., H P. Manion, C h. Sadler, B. C Schenk. J. U wn Hars
Schenk, J. I^. yon
.W. B. Abbott
■ralnoM Manaser Aiyertiains Manager—. Adyertising Asaistanta. fMrealation Manager.
BU8lN»aS STAFF
W. A. Kodi .H. F. Antonini JL. H. Brown, E. Creek, D. O. Miller
JB. J. Hntoo
Cd-EUlTS
Tuesday, April 28,1936. Issue Editor—^L. C. Lewis, Leisure Time Surveyed The results of a survey published in the New York Times Magazine deals with the leisure hours. According to this research, the typical college student in the typical Mid-western University has 42 hours of spare time a week, and this is spent in divers, mostly unprofitable, ways Approximately one-third of this time is used in “bull sessions”, listening to the radio, driving, drinking, or riding in an automobile, and dancing. One-third is spent in card-playing, and in other non-athletic games, reading newspapers, magazine, and light fiction. The renaaining third is passed at motion pictures, more athletic sports, including swimming and hiking, drinking, singing or playing some musical instrument, sleeping, and just loafing. “Bull sessions” occupy five hours each week and are second only to reading which leads with six hours weekly. The subjects included in these “safety-valve” discussions range from classes and instructors to the everlasting theme of sex. Between these come sports, religion, dates, and the latest college
scandals.
Dancing tops all other forms of activity occuring on dates in the point of time, the average student spending^ three-and-a-half hours per week on this diversion. Card-playing and pingpong or billiards take up two hours a week, and listening to the radio consumes about three and one-half hours. Time spent in drinMng ranks relatively low with only thirty^ minutes weekly. Only 36 per cent of the typical Midwestern students attend lectures of any kind. Concerts, plays, hobbies, debates, and art scale downward in interest from 34 to eight percent. Another point brought out by the survey is that students having one roommate rank better scholastically than those who live by themselves or those who live with two or more persons.—E. P. M Nomination for the most frequent news item: the automobile approached the coroner at 60 miles an hour.—Oregon Barometer.
FlGwerA fto AlladBine It seems that scieilce has totibhed our lives ih every Way ptissible—. from the minutest details of our daily living to the most important aspects of national and intemation>‘ al affairs* Taking uji one of the smallest and least-thOught-of details of everyday life is the article “iOl Ways to Win a Woman”, which appeared in the April issue of the American Magazine. Henry Penn, who herein expounded the science of choosing the right flowers for the right occasion, has been, selling flowers in Boston for 49 years, and iS one of America’s best known florists, having been at one time president of the Society of American Florists, and one of the originators of the slogan “Say It
With Flowers”.
One of the gems of wisdom with which Mr. Penn has filled his article IS this passage: “To get the most out of flowers you must understand the psychology of sending them. There are a hundred and one ways to win a woman with flowers. There are certain occasions when flowers must be sent and received as a matter of course, but usually they are most effective when they come as a surprise. Either they should drop right down from the clouds when the recipient least expects them, oi the flowers themselves should be differ-
ent.”
According to Mr. Penn, there are two classes of people who should be exterminated: those who don’t use any flowers and those who use too many. He is especially chagrined by the latter group. “Flowers should help bring out the beauty of the surroundings. They should never dominate.” That is, the flowers which one is wearing or which adorn one’s home should not be the first thing to be seen and admired by others A corsage should never hide its wearer, just as a huge bridal bouquet should never obscure the bride. Bouquets should be arranged in small groups, and table decorations should not be more than seven and a half
inches tall.
Political Soldiers There is a slogan in Germany which states that universities there exist for training political soldiers. This principle has been for some time merely a slogan, since some of the most ac tive opposition to the totalitarian basis of National Socialism has arisen in the universities. But press dispatches from the Third Reich indicate that Hitler has at last ordered the regimentation of students, together with further and more intensive training in the principles of Nazism. Now all German students must spend at least three semesters in National Socialist student homes, where they will constantly be subjected to Nazi propaganda. According to the New York Times these homes are more like barracks, and eV' ery student is compelled to live according to a rigid daily schedule. Certain hours are allotted for sleep, exercise, eating, studying, and sports. The students must also perform morning and evening ceremonies, and spend certain hours each day in political discussions or in listening to lectures on National
Socialism.
The great rise in Germany, scientifically and industrially, can be attributed primarily to its magnificent universities and their jfacilities for research and learning. Perhaps Herr Hitler does not realize that, when he chokes off freedom of expression and work in the universities, he will be injuring one of the most.. vital portions of modem Germany. Perhaps he does not realize in his mad rush for more power and less opposition, that he is injuring his country far more than he is helping it. The persecution of Jewish scientists and industrialists who contributed so much in making Germany a great nation was the first step. Now the complete “coordination” of university students is another.—W. T. H.
In the selection of flowers, Mr, Penn surprised us by stating that one should not demand flowers fresh from the market, as most flowers, loses paiticularly, need conditioning for some time in a florist’s cooling room. A “tired” flower can be recognized by the ease with which petals come off when pulled by the cau tious buyer-to-be. For keeping, flowers need coolness, water, and
elbow room.
FLASHPi^IiA|rfl ,, I*hji Sigsi owioh £itoett<« ade by f he phi Psip. f rats had a little eontroversy as to which hoiise was to serenade the Kappas first. The Fisis had thePi outnumbered, so they won. TSKITSKI The youngsters at the Dorm requested songs that nice yonng ladies shouldn’t hear. They got the song, however, with a few variations. FOILED AGAIN One of the freshies at the W. R. H. hotel, With the sweetest White thing on, almost fell out of the second floor window. And oh, how we were praying for her—^to fall. FAMOUS LAST LINES Love is like a cigarette—^if you haven’t got any money, you haven’t got any. BROTHERLY LOVE—BAH! The D. U.’s didn’t give their brother from I. U. a chance to even get his hat off Saturday night when he dropped in just before their Dinner Dance. I guess they are short on food over there. Somebody is hiaking money—don’t Nick ’em too much. DYING EMBERS “Honey” Hall and Jean Hanley sought each others company Saturday night when the boys they usually go with decided that variety is the spice of dates. THEY NEED IT The big he-men at the Teke house were seen practicing their dancing the other night in their front room. It looked like a sorority or a May Day stunt. Maybe we elected the wrong sex for Queen of the May. NO WILL POWER ATALL ATO Maurice Francis (One Punch) Taylor kept his pm just six hours after he was initiated before he put it on Martha Haltom. MR. FIXIT Pappy Hatfield says that an E. E can fix anything—even House Mother knocks. Ask him.
The rose is the flower most in de mand, with carnations and violets following closely. He thinks that the rose is the most beautiful of the flowers, and always appropriate as a gift. The rarest and most expensive flowers grown in America is the white orchid, which sells for from two dollars to twelve dollars each, the plant itself being worth about three hundred dollars. Most orchids are imported, the lady’s slipper being the only native American
species in demand.
any way except upside down. Necklaces, lais, belts, chains of flowers to cover shoulder straps, bandeaus as well as single flowers for thehaii, floral fans, and floral wristlets are being worn.
Small corsages are correct for daytime wear for women. Men usually choose carnations or little French chrysanthemums
With little stories throughout the article, Mr. Penn has illustrated his suggestions, ending with a story of some very ragged small children who entered his shop asking for a bouquet of flowers. Mr. Penn made
When you have a number of disagreeable things to do, do the most disagreeable one first.—-F. C. Hockema. Guess that’s why they put 8 o’clocks first!
Foolishness Nipper Michigan Daily—In estimating the effect of sanctions upon Italy, Time Magazine for this week comments as follows“Exports were cut almost 60 per cent. The country most effective in applying sanctions was Yugoslavia, which bought only $300 worth of Italian goods in February. The U. S. profited most from trading with outlawed Italy, her exports from November, 1935, through February, 1936, increasing $2,148,000 over the same period the year before.” Some of our more impractical compatriots have from time to time suggested that we join the League of Nations. It is just a matter of sound reasoning that if we were to join, it would mean that we would have to impose sanctions on ourselves, and as every hard-beaded business man knows, this would be very foolish, in view of our increasing profits. To cut our profits just when they are beginning to rise would aggravate the employment problem. It’s just a matter of common sense. A criminology class at Syracuse has discovered that a moron can dance better than a person of normal intelligence. The price is one dollar, nine tirtwelve.
The price of gardenias and camillias IS going up because of the great demand for them in corsages. In Texas, however, a man once purchased SIX barrels of gardenias for five dollars This was due td the fact that the Cape jasmine, which grows there in profusion, resembles the gardenia so exactly that it is given
that name.
“Bridal bouquets in shower form are excitement proof,” says Mr. Penn, “since they hide the trembling hand.” Of especial interest to Purdue eds should be his warning about flowers for evening wear. Corsages should first of all harmonize with the gown, and if it is impossible for the escort to learn the color of the gown, he is urged to choose white and pastel colors that will go well with anything. In the evening, flowers are worn almost anywhere and
ARC
Learn to Dance Correctly By Enrolling: In Our New Beginner’s Class Wed., Apr, 29, 7:00 p. m.
Class will be completed before Bchoo! ^oses. Phone 2150
6th & Ferry
TOBAY
WEBNESDAY
BILL BOYD in “Racing Luck” and GEO. O’BRIEN in “Cowboy Millionaire”
mu^ |50LKS|-I 90Mll£3 . TWO Moufts pypit, mt ^ ll . .. 1 ■ .... f ^ i ..,V
some of tlie tliingy lie DID on thelvay* up/ "S-tSl
Between 1925 and 1934, Inclusive, the rate of death from automobile accidents Increased 17 per cent In urban territory of the United States. But while this change was taking place, the rate of death increased almost 100 per cent in rural territory. (Urban territory Includes all towns and cities more than 10,000 population, and rural territory the remainder.) Last year there were nearly 160,000 automobile accidents which happened on rural highways which resulted in close to 14,000 deaths
TravAm liu. Co. Softly Senteo, Many of these deaths happened because drivers took chances and drove too fast for conditions, as Illustrated above. That speed Is a more serious factor in deaths on highways than on city streets is indicated by the fact that at city street intersections last year deaths from almost 300,900 accidents numbered only 6,000, less than half the fatalities from accidents on highways. This information shrieks a warning about the danger of driving too fast, no matter how good a driver a person regards himself
up a spray of yellow roses, for which h© accepted their treasured horde of eighteen cents, which they had collected among them, reflecting that “the greatest pleasure in flowers is not in receiving them—^but in giving them”—M L.
imA TODAY - WEDNESDAY
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Come up with a Smile
Be a Good Sport and come up with a smile if your favorite team goes down in defeat. But you never take any chances with your advertising if you advertise in the Exponent.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
HIS BESW
EXTRA BUSTER KEATON COMEDY
COLOR CARTOON
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
PLAY GOLF
is occupying the attention of a large number of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now. And you know it by reading of it in the newspapers. Your advertisement in this paper will be read by all the students and the faculty at Purdue.i :
Drill Battle Tomorrow
^Purdue^\ ^^Wiscott
$in^^
Game TMs Afternoon Gold-jersied “Minnesota”, with a powerful forward wall and a second string backfield succeeded in crossing the “Iowa” goal line twice in the first half ^ of a game played on the varsity practice field last night while Iowa scored only once, the half score being 13-6. The first score of the game came late in the first quarter when Powell, “Minnesota” left end , made 50 yards on an end around play. He was puled down on the ten yard line by Stalcup, “Iowa” safety man, after a long "chase down the sidelines. Bill Vergane, lanky Gold right end, then emulated Powell’s performance by taking the pigskin forward seven yards on another end around end play. The Green line stiffened on the next two plays and stopped the “Minnesota” team without gain. Dahlbeck then dropped back out of the line to take the ball around the right end for the score. Montague failed to convert in the try after the touchdoTi^. Score: “Minriesota” 6, “Iowa”, 0. Teams-See-Saw,V For the greater part of the second quarter the two teams seesawed in the riiiddle of the field with no gains of any consequence being made. Passes were tried freely and just as freely intercepted. Cecil Isbell, Green backfield man, was hitting the line hard and skittering up the field for short gains frequently despite the shoulder harness lie is forced to wear: The second Gold touchdown was set up when Ross Dean intercepted one of Freddy Stalcup’s passes. Once more Don Powell went into action on an end around that netted thirty yards. Gannon picked up 10 more when he cracked the right side of the
X • X»«ll 111 Twin Bill Minneapolis
lind. On an attempted end around by Vergane the ball was muffed and there was no gSiin. Gannon then took the ball again and crashed through to score the second touchdown. Captain Bell placed, kicked the extra point. Score: “Minnesota”, 13;
“Iowa”, 0. Final Score
The final score of the game came just before the end of the half when Cecil Isbell tbssed a'flat pass to speedy Fred Stalcup. The.try for the point failed. Score at half: “Minnesota”, 13, “Iowa”, 6. It was estimated a hundred spectators turned but for last evening’s tussle. “Purdue” and “Wisconsin” will play the first half of their game this afternoon and then tomorrow afternoon the Green and Gold teams will resume the play of their second half. Thursday will find the second half of the Red and Black, game under way. This will end the formal spring practice. The grand finale will come with 1^ inters<iua4 ganie iin Rb Ade Stadium at 2 o’clock Saturday
afternoon.
4 ■¥ NATIONAL LEAGUE
Spedai Notice -We are having 2 co-ed days this week. Thursday and Friday. Call and make your appointments early for your Prom shampoo and finger wave. .KIENLY'S: ': ; ". Beayfry Sfia^io’ 622 Main Street ■I%one:7727;.'
Golfers Tie Crimson, 9-9 Purdue’s golf teani tied Indiana’s last Saturday in a dual nieet at Eloomington 9: up. In the match in the niorning Loc^kwood and Bob Smith, of Purdue, defeated Ilay and Howard Beaiier 2 1-2 to 2 1-2. Dobelbower and David lost their match to Harrel and Boswell, 2 tp 1. In the singles Saturday afternobn. Smith and Lockwood won their matches, beating Harrel and . Boswell, respectively; Dbbelbower, playing Ray Beaver, lost 2 to 1, and Seward of Indiana defeated Freese, 3:to,fi.- v'Coming back to Purdue yesterday, the Boilermaker golf team was de^ feated by Michigan, national intercollegiate champions for two years and Big Ten champions for 3 or 4 years, by a score bf 16 1-2 and 4 1-2^ w^hich is the best score made against the visitors in a dual meet for the last three years. Eocsis, Michigan’s number one man; is twelfth ranking amateur in the United States and Was a nominee for the Walker cup
team. , V ' ■ -
In the best ball match in the morhing, Kocsis and Malloy trimmed Lockwood and’ Smith, 3 to 0. Sanders and Earpinski, of Michigan, fol
, To en Home Season Weak pitching plus a hard-hitting Gopher crew combined to put the Boilermaker nine down in defeat, 19 to 8, and 10 to 1, in a seven-inning double bill played against Minnesota. at Minneapolis Saturday. The pair of defeats marked the third and fourth set-downs suffered by the Purdue club in conference competition this season. Rosser, Bartz and Martin gave up a total of 18 hits against the hi(^.' ory-swinging Gophers as they opened their Big Ten diamond season. Grossman, Minnesota moundsman, appeared shaky at times but pulled through with the backing given by his slugging teammates. Elonowski starred at the plate for Minnesota in the first game, picking up three hits and driving in five runs. Bartz and Sines led the 10-hit attack of the Lambertmen, each getting two
safeties.
, Fireworks The: first four innings of the sec-; Olid game; proved to 1^ a pitching duel between RbSser and Aase, Minnesota hurler. The fiteworks came in tile fifth when Rag Eing, Gopher grid star, pounded oiit a home run with two bn. Rosser Was replaced by- Martin but before the inning ended the Gophers Tibd picked up ■eight runs. ■ The lone Purdue tally came in the fifth when RossOr singled to bring home Mbser who had singled and then had advanced tb second on WaL ing’s sacrifice.
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS NATIONAL LEAGUE St; liouis: (rJiinX;;; ; Cinnati, 6; Chicago, 4. . AMERICAN-LEAGUE Cleveland, 2; St. Louis, 1.
UmveTBity Swim Looms AsWeatberGcfaWanner A few more Weeks of warm Weather and the intramural office will announce the day of the All-Univer-sity river,-swim that starts at Lincoln Lodge and ends at the Brown Street bridge. G. H. Eerber, last year’s winner, is. still in school and may try to hold his title. The best time for the swim was made in 1927 by R. y. Bishop when he covered the distance in 18:04.8.
FIRST GAME AB.R.H.O.A.E
.4 6 0 3 0 0
:;31 8 16 18 10 AB. R. H. O. A. E. 4 2 2 0 6 0
iv
0
Linco ’s Campus Cortier
®A.C.P.
PURDUE
Malaska,;cf ..
Gardner, i-f ..i.....2 0 0 .0 0 Bartz,'rf-p 2 1 2 .0 0 Lucas, 3b 2 1 11 Young, if 1 11 0 ; ;Downey, lb .... ,..............;3; 1 1 8 0: Sines, ss ...................S 2 2 2 4 jKrause, c 3 1 1? 1 0 Waling, 2b .......8 0 11 S : Rosser, p-rf .....,......;.......,......3 0 I 1 2 Martin, p ,......-....i....i........,..,.0 0 0 0 0
Totals
MINNESOTA Lindeberg, cf Widseth, rf ...
Hunt, If
Stanton, 2b
klohowski, lb :......;........i.....;5 3 8 8 :0 Coleman, If-rf 12 1.' 0 0 King, If ,,.:...........,,3 . 0 1 0 0 Brissman, ;c ....; ,...6 8 3 , 8 1 Lee, ^ ...:...;:........:.....,.......;....3 2 1 0 1 Levoir, 3b ..;...........................8 2 2 0 4 Grossman, p .... ................6 14 0 6 Totals lo'lS 2r 14 Purdue ..........................i.....01O 605. 2— 8 Minnesota —320 748 x-^i9 Runs: batted in-^krause 8, Klonpyraki 6i King, Brissman, Grossman 2, W;i&eth,:2, Leyoir 8, Stanton, Downey, Le^, Llndebergi. Lucas, Young. ;Two-base hits—Klonowski, Brissman, Krause, Waling, Three-base hits— Sines; Lucas, Stolen bases-—Klbhowski, Levoir, Downey.: Sacriflce^-Stantoa; Double plays-^Sines ,to Waling, Grbssmah to Stanton to Klonowski. lieft oh bases—-Eiirdue 4, Minnesota 10. Bases on balls—off Rower 6. Brissmah 2, Bartz 4. StrncR pub—by Grossmah; 6; Rosser 1. Hits—off Rosser 8 in 3 1-2 innings, Bartz 8 in 1 2-8 innings, Martin 1 1; Losing pitcher-—Rosser. Umpires—
Johnson ahd Olsbh. SECOND GAME
Tennis Team Opens Season Big Ten tennis got under way laSt Friday on the Purdue courts with a triangular meet between Purdue, Indiana and Ohio State. The following day the fighting Illihi journeyed to ;^est Lafagette to join Friday’s competitors in a f bur wRy match. Ohio State..i.made a Clean sweep of the initial day’s matches rpHning oyer both the Boilermakers and Indisina by scores of B-I. During the second day Illinbis looked mpressiyc :trimming the^^^^^^O raciqueteers by a 4-2 count, Indiana came back strong against the Old Gold and Black followers winning four out of six; matches., Purdue invades the DePauw domain tbday to Flay off six inatches. The Purdue squad is ebinposed of Niekplich, Ulrey, Tzucker, and Wakefield, singles, ahd the first two named singles compose the first doubles team; and Wakefield and Edmbnds completing the second team. The Boilermakers are coming up fjast haying had little chance to practise thlis far this season.: Poor weather and the poor conditipn of the courts have slowed the Purdue
team considerably.
2 0 0 0 0
5 +
■4“' -f ' .-f: FRATERNITY TENNIS , : / . - SINGLES . - -■♦■'..■-"f .^''■'4t '•f'-
Gridders Play Saturday At 2 Track Team Meets Chicago In Dual Meet After Gridiron Clash As a preview of Purdue’s 1936 football, eleven, a team of Boilermaker yearlings will stack up against a sophomore-junior combination in the Ross-Ade stadium Satr^by affterhpph At 2 o’clpCk Ar^ ulatioh gridiron game that will bring a highly effective spring drill sbssibh to : an^^: p^ The gam A which; Will be sppnsored by the GWilpt Ghiby student athletic booster organization, will be the high point of a big “Sports Day” fpr local fans; Tbr immediately following the/^diron clash the Purdiie track :bquad wiU meet Ghicai^ ih a; Big Teh dual meet; It was announced last night that those who purchase tickets for the ^diron game starting at 2 o’clock wiU be permitted to stay oyer for the track meet Without any extrA charge, providing ; a real “dpubleheader” of ah: unusual nature. Student coupon books, of course, willhe honored for the track meet starting at 4 p’clock, although'they Will not admit to the fopthall game. Tickets f or the game, priebd at 25 cents each, are how bn sale at Decker’s, Deac’s, and the Unibn desk, or may he obtained from Gimlet Club
members, , ’ Track. Meet-'-'
The track meet, wMch will fol-, low the grid game will provide a real added feature with the Maroons led by Ray EllinWbod, former Purdue student, who recently set a new WorldA record for the quar-ter-mile dash indoors, and is considered one of the leading candidates for the United States Olympic-team^
er, is expected to ho tho starting hurling choice for Purduothfs aftornoon as the Boilonnalcers meet Wabash at Crawfordsvillo in the first of three road games schedaded for this week. Following the Wabash game'today, the vine is slated ^ to resume its Big Ten schedule . against Indiana at Bloomington On ' Thursday and Friday in a two-game
series.
This afternoon’s game will mark the third meeting this season between the Boilermakers and Little Giants, both of the preceding tilts having been ten inning affairs. Pur-
due grabbed the verdict in the first game, 6-5, while the second tussle ended in a 5 to 5 draw called on account of darkness.
FURDUE
Mz^as^O, c .
Bartz, rf Lucas, SR Young, lb
Downey, If . Sinte, SB ..... Mbser, cf ....i
Waling, 2b
*Kr5iuse ...... Rosser, p .... Martin, p ....
Totals ....
<SlRL5 WHO ATTBNDEP VNHE/sa’ON COUr ^ lOO YEARS A60 WERE RKlUlRIb TO REPORT IM CHAPEL ON THEIR AAENDIN® AND mRNIN<a/
OF SANTA WERE PRESSmiD Wrm THli , MBASUftlN!&’ 52.IMO AND
m
S « jp © r S © © y 1 © © ’:T»y tJS-
EDDIE YUILL
bay WIM)D
Today, 4415 o’clock Delta Sigma Lanihda ys. Alpha Tan ■Grtiega. ■■;; Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi.vs. Signia Chi. Sigma Pi ys. Theia Ghi. : Phi Delta Theta ys. TAu Epsilon Phi. ./,... ■'5' o’clock.. Pi Eappa Phi vs. Lambda Ghi Alpha. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Eappa Psi. Eappa Sigma VS. Triangle,
PRIM FOR THE PROM at ^ED# BA^Ek^ai^
9^
then a CHOP STEAK. 10c
ROOT BEER (free nudclieBy ;
mm
tsk
'0M
AB. R. H. O. A. E. ....8 0 1 2 2 0
0 0 0 0 0 10 3 0 0 11 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 is 1 1 8 0 0 0 4 2 0 0 0 a 0 4 0 4 0 0 0 0
4- 4- 4-
f 4- >
4^ 4- 4^ y 4BASEBAiL 4>: .■4-: 4^ ^4--:-4--
4^ + • +
4- > 4-
♦Bated for Waling in 7th,
MINNESOTA Coleman, rf Widseth, ff ...... Lindeberg, cf .. Stanton, 2b Klonowski,. lb
Kinsr, If,
Brissman, c . Lee, ss: ........ ♦Levoir, 3b Aase, p ...... Totals ..:.:29 10 rt 0 ♦Given fi^st base ph catcher’s interefrenbe. Buns: battbd in--Levoir 2, Rosser; :'Widseth ,, Kins 8. Two-base hits—Malaska, Sines Leyoir. Three-base hit—Widseth. Home ruri —Kih’g^i Stble^ teses—Lee, Klottowski.i King 2, Aase. Saenflee—Waling. : Left off bases— Purdue 6, .Minnesota 8. Bases on balls-r-off Rosser 4; Martin 2, Struck. out--by' Aase 3, Rosser 4. HitS---bff Rosser 9 in 4 4-3 innings, off Martin. 2 in 1 2-8 inhinga; Hit bY pitcher—Aase (Lucas). Losing piteheiv—Rosser. Umpires—Olson and. Johnson,
- :■ ;Today :.
Diamond
1—Delta Ghi ys. Phi Eappa Tan,
...26 1 6 18 14 2 2-—Theta Chiys. Alpha Tan Omega,
3— Pirathon vs. Sigma Alpha Ep-
,;’silbn,''
4— Sigma Alplm Mu vs. ’LriUngle. 5— ^Tau Eappa Ep^silon ys. Phi Sig--ma Kappa, V 6— Alpha Gamma Rho ys, AcAcia. 7— i—Sigma Nu vs. Delta Taii Delta.
Relay Teani Plices TMrd^i^ReisMopies Purdue’s medley relay teAm placed third in the Drake Relays held at Dies Moines, IbwA, last Friday and Saturday; The tbAm was composed of Lakie Glendenhing, Gobry, Ed BlueUlel, and Vaughn-Catt. A twomile relay team composed of GlendeUning, Gobry, Bluemel and Terhnne failed to inake a showing.
Eigk Beiitil pMc PAuAa,'®^;.'/ ' . . .B0»raT ,6..BISK . ■ , . . . -.HAROLD..:J. KISK .■■::■ :LDTHBB:A.'BnW :■ 400 Bdhnltz Bldg. PhoiM *701 ;'Coniw:4th..«iid;Maiiii' ■■.
KENT A CAK
imiYE ::;iT;; YGURSELF^; LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Bates cm ■ ; ::Lonig .Trips/, REIMERS’ Drive Toiirself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
'SS
Sm
AB. R. H. 0. A. E.
0 0 0 0 0
Thp tUnldnig felloir calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI GAB Black Gang for Special OccaMona 2Se. per passenger any part of fke dty • : «028 .: ; PHONiS: ' : : 8071 . O' YELLOW GAB CO.
R. C. EISENBACH Jewele^ and ppiometrisi 504 Main Street
lowed up by defeating Obbelbower and David, 2 1-2 to 1-2. lU/the afternoon all the Purdue men shot under 80 hut ymre unable to take any of .the matches. Freese and/Lock-! wood/did tie with Malloy apA Barclay, respectiyelyj 1 l-*2 to 11*^2.
Watduna&er is AU we db, but we do it wed ■Wallace: SL' Opposite New Post Ofliee
SENIOBSI Wo. make application Plctn»M for tt,IB per dozen. Special price oii lota of fifty^. or more. Rembrandt Studio '406;yinc 6t....//;.,/n^./Lafasri^,
DR. Ay M. IRroN^^^ /■.;/ /; : Dentist Kron Flats State and MAhi '/;.':.'Phone-;4965/:; ■.-/
SBARRENDAHL Aferchuit Tailor 507 JIainSt.
Hrink Milk for
|!an JOHNSON Fhoiie 413S2
:'/,/; V^ii^ Bi^eomiori is caused by Gomplete diagnosis pf your eye problem and ; method of eliminating it is provided by Dr. A. Enz, Jr. OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St,
Milk is your beat food— it*s packed fuH of nutritive elementa that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s hody-buildinR
SiiS
mm'. I ,
‘I i
lla«ry Slotted Thraai' H. “riF.Ar” ftElSNER B66k ‘ ' ''^'■ ’ ■ "■''^1
' 1 “ ^ 'HI
tr-t If n'ri?.
Classified Ads.
Typewriters, Adding Machiiiesri— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multi^aph and rnimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 27^9.
Paper Towels—For the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Co. Lost—One 10x12 black notebook. Reward. Thomas M. Evans, 7201.
NOTICES K* M^eM MNVtii sitae I tb k
Pi Phi’s Honor Light At State Lnncheon Twenty-fiW members of the Ibcal chapter of Pi Beta Plu attended the annual state luncheon held Saturday at the Columbia Club in Irtdianapnlis..^ Mary Jean Light, sophomore in the school of science, received one of the four annual awards given to the girls having the highest scholastic average during the year. Aline Marshall, junior Pan-Hellenic representative, was introduced as dhe Of the delegates to the Pi Beta Phi national convention to be held in Chicago, June 21 to 27.
chemistry Exanu^—Kxams for removal of C grades in chemistry 1 or 2 will be giyeh Saturday, May 2nd, 1-4 p. m., room 106, Chemistry Building. Unleas special arrange ments are made, only pwple who had the courses under F. J. Allen will be examined at the time and place noted above. Application for the exam should be made at room 210 Chemistry Building before May 2. The next regular opportuniiy for removing 0 grades will be early in September, —ALLEai.
Discussion Group—Meeting at 7:80 tomorrow night in room 2 of Union. Subject will be “Death”. —KUEHN.
Debris Staff—All those who are going to the picnic please mMt, at the Debris office at 6 today. —WILEY.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Pledging will be held tonight at Tau Epsilon Phi house at 7:30. All pledges and actives please be present. ' ■ ' ' —MAXON.
W. A. A.—Ward 2 vs. W. R. H., Ward- 3 vs, Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta at 4 today. —KELLY.
Life-Saving—Meet at 8:30 tonight. —RUSSELL.
. LAWN MOWERS Sharpened and r^aired. New and used mowers. Prices on new Ball Bearing Mowers $5.25 and up. Mowers called for and delivered. F. Jos. Mulhaupt <& Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6060
DEAC BAS BTBBTtaING : for':a,'. COLLEGE EDUCATION aCLiKTONER
Do CM O’s Paddle?: : By the Pledge Angel. “Guys, now that it’s all over, where is my paddle?” This plearang above the shouts of relief as the ATO probation period ended. So the freshmen confessed that they had presented one of the Chi G’s with Nick Sh6a’s paddle. So now Nick has “put out” his paddle, and is trying to effect its return, but with very little success. The blush-ing-voiced Chi 0 refused to divulge her name when contacted by this reporter—but she says she likes the paddle. (Why not Nick ?)
Kostelanetz’s Band Starts Chesterfield Series Friday Andre/ Kostelanetz and his 46piece dance orchestra will start a series of programs -Friday evening at 8 p. m., C. S. T.Tunder the sponspfship ^f Chestetfierd; cigarettes. Eay Thompson, Ray Heatherton and the Rhythm Singers wiR^ a^^ heard on this program. This program in an addition to the Lily Pons programs with Kostelanetz Concert Orchestra bn Wednesday nights. WOMEN AT WASHINGTON— ' ■ (Continued from page 1) it was. It seems that engineering is the “orphan child’’, with medicine and liberal arts completely over^ shadowing everything except architecture. Out of a total enrollment of 4,000, there were only four sophomores in the civil school this year. Women form a great majorifjNQf the,
students.
As is typical of all city universities, there is very little spirit at Washington University. Nearly 80 per cent of all the students live in St. Louis and communte from their homes to school every day. The faculty does nothing to help develop, any spirit, as they hold themselves aloof from the student body. The faculty, composed mostly of elderly men and women, do not seem to be
interested in their
students at all.
building.
The fraternities ha’ keeping their expens
(re a hard time es down, as out
“Women? Now best part of the
you ha’ whole I
ve hit the dace,” he
of town boys are h
ard to find and
said. “Outside of
New Or
leans, St.
the town boys just care. The sororiti
don’t seem to 3s, having no
Louis has more than any other cit
leaiiti^ jr'jn^lJU
il women country.
houses, hold their me
etingkin'rbpths
It seems that the
nost be
autiful of
asigried to thein ii
U the tirpmen’b
these beautiful women a
ttend the
university—Harry give us a couple more. The rules of the faculty, allow only* two dances a year to each house and these must stop at midnight.” As he drained the last drop from his stein he remarked, “Give me the congenial atmosphere of the Purdue faculty and student body any time.”
’ve been cleaning military uniforms for years
We have both Naphtha ahd Carbon-Tet Cleaning
Union, Workers—Committees of Ohaver, Jump, Scholer, Clark, Shoemaker, Pugh, and Quiggle medt in sub-basement at 4.
Freshman Golfers,^—Sign up ifi gym before 4:30 tomorrow for golf tourney. —HAMILTON.
Motar Board-—^Meeting tonight in the W. S. G. A. office at 6. Atendance is compulsory. —LUSTIG.
Playshop Paint Crew—Report to sui^batement at 4 today. V —CROMER.
Union Workers—Committees of Anspach, Grimm, and Kuehn meet in Student Union office at 4.
Scull and Crescent—^Important meeting in room 2 of Union tomorrow at 4. / —CRAIG.
Senior Military Students—Representatives of the Associated Military Stores will be in the Ai'mory supply room tomorrow taking orders for O. R. C. camp eguipment. —HALLAM.
Independent—Staff meeting of the Purdue Independent tonight in P. I. A. office at 7. Any independent student interested in working on the paper next semester please attend. —SENNSTROM.
Kappa Delta Pi—Actives and pledges meet in room 2 of Union at 5:30 tonight. —ROBBINS.
Delta Rho Kappa—^Actives and pledges meet' in Union at 7 tomorrow night. —ROBBINS.
Christian Science Organization—Meeting Thursday at 7:15 in the Engineer’s office of the Union. ' —DRISCOLL.
Purdue Engineer-^Meetlng at 7 :30 tonight for entire staff. Very important. Any others interested may attend. —JONES.
May Day—Groups 1 and 2 meet in the Women’s Gym at 4 today. —BOLLER.
May Day—More girls wanted to make costumes every day at 4 in the W. S. G. A. office. —TANGBRMAN.
P. I. A. Men’s Chorus—Rehearsal tonight at 7 :15 in tower room. Very important. —WHITE.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Meeting at 7:15 tonight, —KELLENBERGER.
Miilvey Speaks To Ags R. R. Mulvey, of the University staff, led a discussion on soil improvement problems and recent developments in this work, at the April meeting of the Tippecanoe County Agricultural workers, held in the county sheriff’s office Saturday.
the SANTA MABIA Colunabus’ Flag Ship
5iiii
..and now throughout 4he world smokers are saying
© 19J6, Liggett dc MvBRs TotfAcco Co;
lUistory tells us that. when Christopher ColTimhiis’ sailors' took tobacco hack home with them everybody hailed it as one of the first new pleasures in years. Today tobacco gives more pleasure to more people than ever before^ Many different claims are made for tobacco, hut most everybody agrees on this . . . Smoking is a pleasure and the cigarette is the mildest and purest form iti which that pleasure can be enjoyed;.