the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, September 14, 1937
NUMBER TWO
WBAA Asks For Increased Power, Unlimifed Hours
Would Move Transmitter Away From Lafayette WBAA, the University radio station, applied yesterday to the communications commission for authority to install a larger transmitter in an additional studio near Indianapolis. Prof. C. Francis Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, recently returned from a short business trip to Washington, D. C., where he "appeared in the interests of the University radio station. He said yesterday that the federal radio commission would set a date to consider the University’^ application for increased power and unlimited time for WBAA, but that it was not a certainty that the plea would be granted. The University would operate the station unlimited hours with one kilowatt power at night, and five kilowatts during the day. This proposed change in location would interfere in no way with the present studio in the Electrical Building which would continue to present the educational programs now given daily. By moving the WBAA transmitter away from Lafayette, the University could centralize the power station in order to serve the whole state more efficiently. On a previous attempt, the University had sought authority to change the hours of operation from specified to daytime hours only, and to move the WBAA transmitter in West Lafayette. "Rooms Left For 200 Students," Says Dean “More rooms are available now than at this time last week,” stated Dean of Men M. L. Fisher when questioned yesterday afternoon concerning student rooming conditions. Dean Fisher revealed that there are still enough first class rooms registered in his office to house about 200 students. During the day yesterday nearly 75 new rooming houses were registered. “Plenty of rooms are open for all,” said the Dean, “but of course quite a few students will have to live rather far away from the campus. To find rooms for all near the campus is an impossibility.”
Airplane Pledging Is New Manner Of "Hot-Boxing" Pledging in an airplane is the newest type of hot-boxing to come to the campus for fraternity rushing. Dick West, Phi Kappa Sigma aviator, took Allen Minor of Louisville, Ky., up for a ride at the University airport yesterday. After he had climbed to an altitude of several thousand feet. West turned to Minor and asked him to pledge, or out he’d go. Minor pledged.
Unofficial Count Of Registration Amounts To 2,239 ForYesterday Final unofficial registration figures tallied yesterday were 2,239. The students registering were distributed by classes as follows, seniors, 650; juniors, 690; and sophomores, 899. Although University authorities did not know the exact tabulation last night, the Exponent received its figures from the official count of the photographs taken. With only 2,070 freshmen and transfer students going through orientation it is too early to predict the probable enrollment for the coming semester. ^ , AChS Officers Elect Degering Chairman Prof. E. F. Degering of the Purdue chemistry department, who presented several scientific research papers this week before the annual meeting of the American Chemical Society, held in Rochester, N. Y., was elected chairman of the local section officers group, which is composed of present and past officers of the various local sections in the organization. While attending the annual meeting, which started Monday and came to a close yesterday. Professor Degering read four papers he had prepared on research completed in chemistry at the University. Following are the subjects of the papers he presented: The use of objective tests in organic chemistry; a ^tudy of the reaction mechanism for the nitration of the paraffin hydrocarbons; microdetermination of organic carbon by the wet method; and preparation of alpha-phenyl alkanoic acids and a study of their bactericidal and physical properties.
Smiley Signs For First Debris
Dorothy Smiley purchased the first 1938 Debris from business manager Arthur Siebenthal at the onset of the annual registration campaign which netted 250 sales. The present $4 price will continue until the first thousand books are sold, at which time the former $5 rate will be resumed.
Date Bureau Mixups Call For Change WRH girls registered in the date bureau will be introduced to their respective dates by a committee of girls, according to latest arrangements made by the committee under the leadership of Louise Bain. This plan will go into effect this weekend. Mixups in dates will be eliminated in this way. Further date bureau plans as announced by Louise Bain state that all boys may register at the WSGA office from four to six o’clock each afternoon in the Union Building. Likewise, girls who' do not live in the Women’s Residence Hall shpuld register in the WSGA office. The date bureau desks at the Hall are only for the use of thb girls living there. Dorothy Cdan Heads YW Sunday Vesper Services Vesper services for all women students will be conducted by the Y. W. C. A. at 2:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building on Sunday afternoon, September 19. The reading of poetry with piano accompaniment will be a feature of the program. Dorothy Coan will be in charge of the service.
Exponent Editor Goes “First Year,” Gives His Impressions
Of Speeches,. Personalities At Freshman Orientation
struck with a longing to attend orientation convocation again, three years—but seemingly ages—sincP our induction into the University.
Quick Shave
By R. P. Manion
To the gymnasium at 6:30 Saturday morning with approximately 2,100 newly printed Exponents, which turned out to be almost exactly the number of new students reporting there and which had kept us up all night in the writing, composing, and folding, we found the doors open, chairs and bleachers in place with writing boards and namecards atop, and Dan Rohyans, Senate president, there with two helpers to distribute student handbooks. Also there were several University workers checking to see that everything was in order, one of them on the speakers’ platform shouting “1-2-3-4,” like the military marching count, through the loudspeaker to obtain proper adjustment. While rushing between rows of seats and climbing over bleacher tiers to slap Exponents on top of other freshman equipment, we wondered the effect of 2,5O0 persons on the acoustics of the room, j
Early Birds
Two or three freshmen were at the Gym when tve arrived, and others straggled up long before appointed convocation time of 7:45 to idle on the steps or to peer at the bustle within, and some few ven-
tured inside.
Papers in place and subscription sales table fetched over and in or-
But we couldn’t enter a room full of bright, anticipating faces with three days’ beard on our face, so . . . a dash across the street to our apartment ... a shave managed by strokes so hasty that-^e niched our face once . . a change o^ shirts, but no tie . . . another rush . . . and we were looking at the clock above the indoor track on the west side of the gymnasium by 7:50. The shave had accomplished wonders, for as we walked into the door we were handed what appeared an abbreviated registration railroad ticket by Professor Greiner, who had once endured our presence in a chemical German class, and a card for recording orientation grades by Instructor Wendt, who had let us sleep on the front row in his foundry lectures in our first year here. No Miscount The grade cards were numbered, however, so to avoid causing a miscount of the University’s newcomers we turned back to hand over our orientation credentials to Pi’o-y fessor Greiner, who then recogimed us. We gave them back, to<y because we feared the University might apprehend and i)uni^h us for
Deciding a doorway p(?§ition would facilitate a quick getaway after the addresses, we had just arranged ourself when President Elliott’s deliberate, even rapping on the rostrum brought order out of the hubbub of voices at about 8 o’clock and the convocation was on.
Late Comers
Despite frequent openings of the gym doors to admit latecomers and inquisitive professors and despite the persistent conversation of those professors and others standing in the doorway, we managed to catch occasional phrases of the speakers, between our handing cards to tardy freshmen, answering their questions as to filling them out, and trying to remain comfortable by shifting weight from one leg to the other. We remember President Elliott, clad in a white suit, describing the gathering as “2,200 . . . 2,300 . . . 2,400 question marks,” and pointing to a huge black question mark on white cardboard background to his left on the platform ... we remember his barely noticeable irritation at tlje noise of gym doors being oj^ned to let in late students while he was talking . . . his reference to the small white-haired terrier running about inside as tliie “o^ly dissatisfied freshman in the room” when something prompted it to let
out a yelp.
Please turn to page 7
Cast Heavy Vote In Senate Race; Close Polls Tomorrow Night Opening the heaviest balloting within the memory of Dan Rohyans, the present president of the Student Senate, Leo B. Margolian, a junior in the civil school, cast the first vote in what promises to be a very hotly contested popular election. With 86 eligible petitioners vieing for only 24 seats, this year’s Student Senate elections swung into action yesterday with the opening of the Armory doors at the beginning of registration. The present fourscore and six eligibles were originally 95 but the field was reduced by a scholastic stipulation requiring all contestants to have a 3.5 average or better. These 86 represent’the sophomore, 'Jsaaior, and senior classes of practically every school on the campus; every school is represented by at least two classes. According to the present plans, the ballot-box will not be opened until after the close of registration Wednesday. „ '
N. Y. A. ASSIGNMENTS All men students who have received notice that they have been approved for N Y.A. work may receive their assignments today by applying to the desk in the lobby of the Executive Building by the Dean of Men’s office. —M. L. FISHER, Dean of Mei^. CO-ED N. Y. A. ASSIGNMENTS Women students approved for N.Y.A. call for their assignments between 2 and 4 p. m. on Wednesday afternoon. —DOROTHY C. STRATTON, • Dean of Women.
Activity Co-eds, Transfer Women To Picnic Thursday Transfer women, heads of all women’s activities, and Deans Dorothy Stratton and Clare Coolidge will be entertained at a picnic sponsored by the W.S.G.A. transfer committee Thursday afternoon at 5 o’clock. Co-ed leadeVs in activities will outline the requirements of their work, to aid transfer women in dhoosing activities of interest to them without long deliberation, Louise Bain, committee head, stated last night. All planning to attend the picnic will meet at the women’s gymnasium and hike to the cabin in a group. Martha Norman is the chairman of the food committee.
EXPONENT STAFF
All sophomore, junior, and senior members of the Exponent staff attend staff meeting Saturday aftei-noon at 2 o’clock in Exponent office in Lafayette, —BROCK.
Musham Named Cadet Colonel; Wickersham And Murray RankUext Martin, Cox, Baals Head Second, Third and Fourth Regiments; ROTC Plans Two Corps Days Each Week Top ranking cadet colonel and head of the University R. O. T. C. corps for the next semester will be W. C. Musham senior mechanical engineer and member of Phi Delta Theta fraterity, according to announcement made by the military department
late yesterday afternoon.
Harvey Clinel^nds University Career; Campusin Turmoil By Don Paarlberg Harvey Cline, Purdue’s hardy perennial and traditional doorman at registration since the prehistoric era, has withdrawn from the University. Thus, without warning, the inevitable has occurred. Veteran professors, who have been expecting this catastrophe momentarily for the past 25 years, broke down and wept at the enormity pf the cataclysm. Students Stampede Stampeding students by the thousands refused to register without Harvey to open the door for them. Hasty plans were being formulated to secure a pledge form the students to register temporarily pending Cline’s return. The athletic department staggered under the full weight of the loss. First Nobe Kizer and now Harvey Cline. An emergency committee drew up a petition, to be circulated early this morning, drafting Cline for immediate service. WBAA officials, for years dependent on the Cline witicisms, searched frantically for the missing veteran. Lafayette police, working on the theory that Cline may have been proselyted by sinister rivals from Indiana University, immediately dispatched a squad car to Bloomington, with orders to bring him back alive if possible. Meanwhile, the search goes on.
R. 0. Wickersham), next ranking colonel, will be the executive officer, while the first P.F.A. regiment will be commanded by the third ranking cadet colonel, J. R. Muixay. The next ranking men who will head the second, third, and fourth regiments respectively are E. H-. Martin, E. M. Cox, and D. D. Baals. Two corps days are scheduled for the corps this year for the first time. First and Second regiment cadets will have their corps drill Thursday mornings at 11, while third and fourth regiment members will meet Tuesday mornings at 11. Rank* and commands of the otherjunior and senior officers were not available for publication yesterday, but will be available after registra-
tion.
Bryant Band Opens Season September 25 Bud Bryant will lead his band in “sophisticated swing” for the first time this semester when he plays for the Union mixer on September 25. Bud now has an organization numbering 13 pieces; with but two exceptions the same band as last
year.
Jo Friend, “vest pocket Venus of song,” will again be with Bud and the band to furnish the vocals. The band this year will include a section of four brass instruments and another section of four saxophones. The boys have already started prac-
tice.
Fowler Hall Undergoes Remodeling For Coming Playshop Productions
Fowler Hall is soon to undergo a wholesale remodeling that will leave it a fit host for Playshop, dramatics club which is planning a big year to commemorate its return to the campus. No longer w^ll the walls reverberate with the thunderings of visiting convocation speakers, and the windows will soon cease to rattle as the University Choir reaches a crescendo. The “shoe box stage” will undergo alterations calculated to enable it to accommodate the most ambitious Playshop productions, and a beautiful new curtain will facilitate the staging of the four plays planned for the current season. False Ceiling A new false ceiling, designed to improve the acoustics in the auditorium, will soften the harsh tones of voice and instrument, and at the same time will, according to the teclyiicians, enable the audience to hear the traditional pin if it should chance to dx’op. Extensive alterations are to be made in the lighting arrangements of the hall, pei'mitting new and effective lighting effects that will greatly enhance Playshop productions. The new curtain, known as a “French Opera Drape,” will be of the traveling type, and is extreme ly fiexible, providing for different curtain openings to suit the tempo of the various plays. The organ is either to be removed or so altered as to place the pipes in the wings, making more room on
the stage. The installing of a new organ is being considered. Seating Alterations Seating arrangements are to be altered so as to give clear vision from any point in the auditorium. There will be about 500 seats in the auditorium when it is fully completed. Plays will run a sufficient number of nights to accommodate the increased crowds that are expected with the return of an adequate stage to the campus. Work on the hall is to begin about October 1 and is expected to be completed early in November. Alterations are intended to incres|,se the usefulness of the hall for meetings and convocations other than Playshop productions. Though designed primarily by Playshop staging groups, the work is to be done under contract. Definite plans concerning the four plays to be given—“Ceiling Zero,” “Hell Bent For Heaven,” “Squaring The Circle,’^ and “I’ll Marry The Ac-' tress,” are being held up pending the completion of the renovated FowTer Hall. Ticket Sales Season ticket sales, including all four plays for $1, were underway yesterday in th^^ Plays^iop cottage just south of the Armory, and registering students responded heartily to the offerings of the dramatics group. H. Kenn Carmichael is directing Playshop productions with the aid of G. D. Williams and J. Dietrich of. the speech staff.
, 411'
m
.;../V.vlv-. V..uti.'>..
■:V;V j:.r'
■.■liik,.
%
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# September 14,1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
M tM O t K ftosectated gbllegtatc ^tess
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAob • BOSTON - SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES - PORTLAND » SEATTLE
Editorial Phone 5037
Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038
Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper is WTitten, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and' do • not necessarily coincide, with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chie^. >
Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR...... -J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. K. Vance
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS...... ....R. H. Dyer, M. S. Estey, L C Farquhar, G. W. Fredericks, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, G. Mueller, D. L. Olson, D. Paarlberg, J. W. Richey, G. T. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff
CO-ED EDITOR..... Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS........Mary Davis, Patricia Heine,
Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Kathryn Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan
Wimborough. •
BUSINESS MANAGER . . . . D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regulaP academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR.........J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAX ADVERTISING MGR....::...R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSIS'rANTS....E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. Circulation Staff ' CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS W. F. Berg. R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR.. R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. . SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS........G. W. Breuer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls.
HARVEY CLIl^E must have served his time. He was missing at registratioin this morning and after all these years of faithful service, we rather expected him again. But we might have known. There was a pretty good rumor going around that he wouldn't be back after the University wouldn’t let him register for summer school.
WHAT AN ADVANTAGE Whatever trouble Adam had, No man in days of yore . Could say, when Adam cracked a joke, “Fve heard that one before.”
1.
^ EXPONINT PLATFORM Improvement of student housing condi-
tions.
Promotion of student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of “ laboratory reports. ; 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
2.
Registration clerks and advisors will appreciate your politeness, and you will feel a self-elevation of character well worth the effort. A few “thank you’s” and “pardon me^” will lighten the work of both parties.
We Give You The Exponent Platform
Today we are presenting the tentative platform of the Exponent for the school year 1937-38. Other points .under consideration may and undoubtedly will be added as the year progresses, but at present we see the above program as most urgent and vital to the interests of Purdue students, in whose behalf this paper serves. •
Beginning with point No. 1, we shall in successive issues discuss each topic as a problem, without attempting to reach solutions. Later we intend to-attack the questions through the Exponent news and edi-‘ torial columns, and in the campaign work out feasible procedures for clearing up the undesirable features accompanying each situation.
Then there’s the old, old problem of getting students to write their names and not their autographs on schedule cards, class cards and other registration blanks. Illegibly scrawled names cause considerable extra work for the clerks who alphabetize and file these records. Names with “o’s” written as “a’s”, with “m’s” and “n’s” looking like “w’s” and “u’s”, and with dotted “e’s” and undotted “i’s” must be deciphered, guessed at, and checked with the student directory in order to insure proper filing. Students planning heavy schedules should remember that subjects signed up for and dropped add to the, expense of operating the University. Professors are unnecessarily burdened and other students are unduly penalized by your presence in a class in which you do not work hard or long enough to obtain credit.
The UNION is starting out well so far as mixers are concerned . . . Let’s have more like the first two.
“You’re so plastic you can’t even walk a straight line!” exclaimed the disgusted room-mate. To which the drunk soph replied, “S’funny, I drank straight whishkey.”
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall Humpty Dumpty had a big fall All the king’s horses and all the king’s men Came riding by in side-saddles— the sissies.
And we can’t quite sympathize with the fratinary soph with his pin on the home town gal wh(5 was approached b ya new pledge who said, “If you want to pledge, I think they’ll put a button on you. They seem to like you.”
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust; If it weren’t for paint, women would rust.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The Exponent work schedule for the current week will be:
On Avoiding Registration Complications
Seniors of course 'must plan their schedules with an eye toward graduation. A rigid are at least going to have to sleep in them, idea of eliminating three forms from registhat a senior cannot graduate in June because he has failed to fulfill this or that requirement.
To those students who are registering today and tomorrow we offer a few suggestions for making the enrolling process a little more pleasant and simple for all concerned.
“Eighty-six Students Seek Senate Berths In Current Elections” reads an Exponent headline. And President Dan Rohyans’ statement that he is going to enforce the compulsory attendance rule of the Senate sounds as if those students who make their berths are at least going to have to sleep in them.
First, try using a little courtesy in dealing with the persons who carry on the work of registration. Many of them are students like yourself and none of them deliberately make your entrance into the University more difficult. The registration committee has planned this semesterly procedure with6,000 students in mind, and what seems like unnecessary red tape to you may be indispensable for the group.
This new athletic activity fee may be all right. Perhaps Boilermaker gridmen will take football more seriously now that they haye to pay to get into the game.
Right now we, can think of no better candidate for the Sigma Delta Chi leather medal than the faculty member who put over the idea of eliminating three forms from registration railroad tickets.
Wednesday — night editor, Schroeder; issue editor, Farquhar; stooge, Stanback; sophomores, Estey, Houston, Ipsley, Terrio, Pharlberg.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
,By Lichty
Hmmm, a flat tire—a sure sign of a bad housekeeper
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee
Today therlj are more than 2,000 new students on the campus. For the next month they will be busy meeting fellow students and members of the faculty. How to introduce and what to say after an introduction are two of the very most worirsome questions to these new students.
The easiest form of introduction is simply the statement of the names of the two persons introduced — gentleman to lady and younger to' ah older one. The more formal form of introduction is usually “May I present,” but “May I introduce,” is accepted.
\
“We want college men who aH football players, not just football players who incidentally are college men.” Two in one or nothing, says Dana X. Bible, coach at the Uni-
versity of Texas.
mmA
Today -— Wednesday
THE GAYEST SHOW THAT EVER LAUNGHED A PAIR OF LOVERS!
Thursday—-night editor, Bailey; issue editor, Torrence? stooge, Hardin; sophomores, Insley, Paarlberg, Houston, Terrio, Woodson.
Friday — night editor, Stanback; ' issue editor, Tafel; stooge, Vance; sophomores, Olson, Frederick, Mueller, Farquhar, Kroeplin.
Saturday — night editor, Vance; issue editor, Olson; stooge, Schroeder; sophomores, Frederick, Tafel, Estey, Mueller, Kroeplin.
Colgate Features Dictator’s Course
Gollegiate
By Mary Cooley
Greetings! Did you enjoy your vacation ? Most of us are back on campus for a rest, according to the tabulation of answers to a popular radio announcer’s query: What do you want to do on your vacation?” Norman Ross, former world champion swimmer, listed the responses in this order of preference: fish, view scenery, ride horseback, dance, eat, sleep.
Vacation Echoes: A small notice stuck on the locked door of a MaiA' street shop read: “Gone fishing. Back in September.” The post-office in a little town in Wisconsin had this sign over the postmaster’s window: Notice—It is strictly against regulations to give any infdfmation concerning patrons of this office or its rural route. Do not ask or you will be refused.” “Chaperone your cigarettes. Don’t let them go out alone.” This Rdvice to smokers was printed on large signs along the trails over the wooded bluffs at Devils’ Lake State Park in Wisconsin.
^ if -Jf
To stress the increasing import-
ance of dancing in the educational program,; the University of California offered an expertly organized school of the dance in their 1937 sumrher session at Los Angeles. And according to automobile associations, within a few years all high schools will have courses in safe driving. Now the question is: When dancing and driving have crashed the curriculum, will students do , their outside study with greater diligence and enthusiasm ?
* * * ♦
Sap is the natural food of the mosquito says the biologist. Was he trying to convey anything personal, I wonder ?
HS *
The professor and his wife had soup for breakfast afid more fqr dinner because the summer’s meanest thief stole their false teeth. ' When the - middle-aged couple, who live in Chicago, went to sleep one night, they left their store teeth, $200 worth, resting side by side in tumblers on a bathroom shelf. Next morning they were gone. “If that ith thomeone’s idea of a joke,^ I mith the pointh!” lithped the professor as he drank his thoup.
*
A leading candidate for the Uni-
versity of Oklahoma undergraduate most likely to succeed is an oil millionaire who, at the age of 50, is a regularly enrolled student.
Frosh Fools Doc, Escapes Military
Pasadena, Cal. — (ACP) — Don’t Call freshmen “dumb.” Take the one at the Pasadena School of the Theater for example. He wanted to get out of taking military science, but th^re was no way out—apparently. So he ate nothing but acid foods for two weeks. His face became as flushed as the tomato juice he drank. A hot- bath ripened him to a billiant catsup color and a chest rubdown sanded flakes of skin off; then he reported to the' school physician. “The Doc,” he laughed, “took one look and said: Don’t argue with me, young man. You just can’t take military anymore.”
Hamilton N. Y. — (APC) — How dictators establish themselves and retain power over subjects is going to be studied this fall in a new course!, “dictators and dictatorships,” at Colgate University. In announcing the new subject. Dr. Rodney L. Mott, director of the university’s School of Social Science, explains that “no attempt will be made to show that dictatorships have come from writings of intellectuals who influence public opinion, from economic factors, or from psychological post-war attitudes and military factors. “In the later stages of the course the students will take up the actual operations of a government under a dictator with such subjects as the new constitution in dictator-con-trolled nations, the relation of the state and industry, religion, civil liberties and propaganda considered as points for study. “Dictators are here to stay, for a while at least,’’ concluded Dr. Mott, “and the sthdents might just as well know how they work'. It will be a part of their education.”
“I didn’t quite like the attitude of people out” there.” Anti-Holly-wood criticism from Miss Mary Fislai', University of Nebraska bea,hty, who turned down a proffered movie contract.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
No Exponent will be published tomorrow. StaAing Thursday morning the regular publication schedule will begin with papers being issued every morning of the week except Monday.
In answer to an introduction, “How do you do?” is almost the only phrase used. Do.not simply repeat the name of the other person after the introducer. To start the conversation immediately is often easier than “How do you do?”
When a conversation has followed: an introduction then only is it correct to say “I am very glad to have met you” or “I hope I shall see you again.” The other replies .“Thank you.” It, is altogether unnecessary to say more than “Good-bye” to one with whom there has been no con"rorsation.
Cool for Your Comfort
NEW
iN
Today — Tomorrow TWO FEATURES
America’s boy friend — The world at his feet! Women at his neck!
WITH DAVID KARLYLE Carol H ughes—Pert ^ Kelton PLUS The Tragic and Thrilling LIME HOUSE MURDER WIIJI Dolly H^s Arthur Margetson
Matinee 20c Nights and Sundays.... :..25c
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Adolph Zvk"' P"*^**’
SftBl
ci®pw
iMT
Today—Wednesday DOUBLE FEATURE
JACK HALEY PATSY KELLY 'IN ■ ■ “PICK A STAR” —AND— VICTOR MOORE IN “Make Way for Tomorrow!
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
Victor McLagien Preston Foster
‘Sea Devils”
plus ‘Dodge City Trail” with C. Starrett
THUR. — PRI. _ SAT.
“Accusing Finger”
Marsha Hunt Paul Kelly
Buck JiQnes
“Boss Riders of Buck Creek”
IISHSSiBII
[
Tuesday, September 14,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermakers Round Out BO Years Of Football In Opener With Butler
The semi-centennial of Purdue football will be observed-liere Saturday, September 25, as the Boilerma,kers launch their 1937 campaign against Butler’s undefeated eleven of last fall in the annual Boy Scout Day attraction. It was just 50 years ago, on November 29, ” 1887, that the Boilermakers essayed their first try at the hidden mysteries of the gridiron game in a battle against Butler at Indianapolis. That first venture in football was sadly discouraging to the Boilermakers, who were handed a 48 to 6 trimming. As a fesult, Purdue had no team in the field in 1888, but came back on the gridiron in 1889 to stay. Both football and Purdue have
come a long way since that original game with Butler that launched Boilermaker gridiron history. Delving into old files reveals the fact that football, as a new sport to Purdue, was also decidedly new to the reporter for “The Purdue,” the predecessor of the present student daily. In the November, 1887, issue of the publipation, the account of that first football game appeared as follows under the single heading, “FOOTBALL”; “Saturday, November 29, Purdue Foot Ball Cjub with about 50 other students went to Indianapolis. Their purpose was to play football with Butler University, and was Purdue’s first attempt at any thing of the
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Indiana’s Largest Dancing School ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURSDAY, SEPT. 16th, 7:30 P. M. BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, SEPT 17th, 7:30 P. M. ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN.SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 18 ATT T?1\T^C! PHONE 2150 1 Sixth and Ferry
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN^HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
,— Printing —
SUDDEN SERVICE
PHONE 2628
, HINTING Office Stationery .
Wedding Invitations
Sales Books, Etc. CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
— Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Jewelry — R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street — Tailor — sparrendahl Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Beauty Studio — • CORRECT BEAUTY TREATMENT • Kienly Beauty Studio
— Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S
FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students.
527 Main
Phone 5432
dhJth J'hhiAt Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
— Bookstores — “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER — Dine — JUuKsA. DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Kbys — Locks — General Repairing Bicy@ie Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT Cf. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette ’ Phone 4965 — Confectionery Try Some ol Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glaiz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. — Furniture — Student Equipment SFiqin J'WmituM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
kind. The game was called at 3 o’clock at the Athletic Park and the first inning resulted in a score of 16 to 6 in favor of Butler. A 16 minute rest and the second inning was commenced and ended with a somewhat sadder score, being 32 to 0 in favor of Butler, making a total of 48 to 6. Following were the players: Rushers: Searcy, Ransdell, Gregory,^ Burris (Capt.) Middleton, Sholl and Hord; half-backs, Moore and Caraway; fullback, McCoy, and substitute, Chas. Gough.” In some rather amusing notes appended to the story of the game, it is pointed out that “Our reporter was brutally assaulted by the brakeman” and that “The oyster supper failed to materialize.” Coach Was Deaf Mute To say that the organization of that first Purdue team was accomplished under difficulties would be putting it mildly. However, a committee finally contracted for suits and obtained the services of Albert Berg, a deaf mute, as coach. Needless to say, Berg, being a mute, was
You’ve Probably ■Heard This Remark Many Times . . . I If you can’t find what you want elsewhere—call at
They Generally Have What You Ask For! We carry the largest sto^k of furniture in Lafayette—^and make it our personal business to provide what the public want and ask for. That’s one good reason for trading at “Reifers”. Bear In Mind Students and those who provide rooms for students will find a large selection of furnishings to choose from. And Remember “Our Goods Must Make Good or We Will”
7^ Lafayette’s Largest Furniture Store
Eighty Husky Freshmen Turn Out For Season's First Pigskin Practice Eighty brawny freshmen were in uniform yesterday for the first yearling football practice of the season with an estimated two hundred due to report before the week is over. With most of their activity confined to limbering up summersoft muscles, chasing passes, and calisthenics, it was hard to get a fair idea as to how they might compare with last year’s outstanding squad. If size and speed are to be co|isidered as valuable foundations, they should develop into some of the best freshman material in a good many years. Lack of locker space in the old gymnasium limited the first night’s tryout to the fourscore who appear on the practice field, but many more good prospects will be in uniform within the next few days. Coach Elmer Burnham is being assisted ni hie duties as freshman coach by Sammy Voinoff and Bill Upton.
Gimlet's Sponsor Varsity Football Game Saturday Students Get Opportunity To See Varsity In Adion Before Season Opener With Butier; Admission 25c Boilermaker fans will have their first opportunity to see this year’s squad in action this Saturday afternoon, September 18, at two o’clock, when two picked varsity teams meet in Ross-Ade Stadium in the annual Gimlet sponsored game. This game will take the place of the usual Freshmen-Varsity tussle
which in years past has been
greatly handicapped in rounding out a team from a lot of raw material, and it is said that no two men interpreted his directions in the same way. Uniforms Were Quaint In regard to the suits of that first team, the following amusing de scription appeared in an article written by D. L. Dorsey in the Exponent of ’94-’95. “I cannot refrain, before closing this article, from giving a brief description of the suits worn by the first team. At that time, no dealer ih the west, with the possible exception of Spalding, carried a stock of football goods, hence we resorted to a thicjc-headed German tailor in Lafayette. The matei’ial was, for pants, brown canvas, jackets of bedticking, stripes wide and running perpendicular, caps were of black and yellow yarn, for it was firmly believed that butting would be a feature of the game and these would serve as a protection. Measurements were taken, ygt I shall ever hold that every suit was cut from the same pattern. No amount of trading and changing could overcome these defects, and when the team was in fighting trim, no delineator of pantomingjror farce-comedy was ever arrayed like one of these.” Conditions may be vastly changed when the Boilermakers meet Butler this fall in the semi-centennial celebration, but the clash with Purdue’s original foe will stir up early memories among the many “old-timers” who are expected to swell /the crowd for the season’s opener.
played on the Saturday preceding the season’s opener. It was decided to make this year’s affair an inter-varsity game since it would be impossible for the Freshmen to get in shape in such a short time, their first practice of the season being held yesterday. This game will provide a real preview of the squad, as more men will be used for a much longer time of play than in the previous pre-season openers. With the squad fast rounding into shape the fans should be treated to a better than usual game, as all the players are experienced, seasoned veterans and will be more evenly matched than in the previous Frosh-Varsity encounters. Admission will be 25c, tickets may be purchased from any Gimlet Club member. WAA Opens Season With Iced Tea For '41 Women t Freshman girls are invited to an Iced Tea to be given by the Women’s Athletic Association on Wednesday, Septeii^ber 22, in the Women’s Gymnasium. * I Mary Ellen Delaplane, president of WAA, urges all girls interested in athletics to sigiyfor membership tomorrow after registration outsidp the Armory at a special booth sponsored by the organization. The membership fee permits the girls to participate in WAA sports, and to work towards numerals, letters, and a WAA skin. Membership on a class team gives an award of numerals, and when a girl has accumulated 1000 points for activities, she is eligible for a letter P. WAA skins are given to outstanding seniors with P monograms. Pall activities in WAA include: hockey, tennis, bowling, hiking, archery, badminton, golf, riflery, swimming, and aesthetic dancing. There will be an open house at the WAA cabin on September 26.
It’s Worth Cutting Class!
Between classes, during classes, after classes, most anytime of the day or night, drop around and we’ll serve you that fine texture, high percent butterfat, Fnmas Ice Cream. Ice Cream—Malts—Sundaes \ Curb Service FAIRMAN BROS: ICE CREAM WEST LAFAYETTE
Fielder's Choice The gridiron squad is rounding oat in great shape at this early stage of the season . . . O. M. Booher, secretary of the Alumni Association, said at yesterday’s practice that this year’s material looks like the best that has ever graced the Pardue sward . . . He hasn’t missed a practice in 33 years and ought to know. t
—^fc—
Yesterday’s scrimmage was the second this year and many of the plays were executed in piid-season style . . . Cecil and Cody Isbell, Selby and Ippolito formed one of the backfields which showed strength in ripping through the line of their opposition . . . Secret practices will be the rule for the remainder of the season so that the fans will have to wait for the games to see the squad in action.
—^fc—
Drake, Burmeister, and Gift carried the boilermaker colors into professional football Sunday as they played their first pro game with the Cleveland Rams against the Detroit Lions ... In spite of the fact that the final results showed both teafiis of about equal ground gaining strength the Lions gained theirs where mos^eeded and won 28 to 0.
1
CoIIege athletics is filled with tragedies and another one was written into the books this summer . . . Mason, captain elect of the Michigan track team and winner of the 110 low hurdles at the Big Ten meet this spring died of pneumonia . . . Co-captain Lemen, if you remember,
took a third in that event. Tennis Fans Prepare For Six Tournaments To Be Held During Fall
Six separate tennis championships will be played off in the near future starting with the tournaments next week. The faculty, all campus, and. four other tournaments will be held to decide the champ of the frosh,, sophomore, junior, and senior classes. Lists are posted in the Memorial Gymnasium to be signed by those intending to enter any of these different meets. As soon as enough have signified their intention of playing, the first
rounds will be held.
There is a ten cent entry fee in the tournaments, which covers both the all campus and class matches. Courts can now be reserved from 1:00 in the afternoon on, but will not be available after four o’clock for other than tournament play next
week.
Men’s Wearing Apparel Do your pre-school shopping with us and SAVE
SHIRTS, white and colors
98c
SOCKS, fancy patterns, all colors
25c
TIES, latest designs
48c
SWEATERS, all wool
$2.98
SUEDE JACKETS for Campus wear
$5.85
Freshman Pots 39c
224 MAIN ST.
RELIABLE
CLOTHING STORE
224 MAIN ST.I
•f
I
ISi'
uiv'
f3u.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, September 14,1937
Freshmen Reveal First Impressions Of University; Tell A ctivity Plans
The incoming freshmen descended like a mighty wave upon the campus Friday. From them, Exponent reporters selected a few at random for interviews, to determine their first impressions of the University and its life. Ruth Bennett, who comes from Dayton, 0., and flaunts hair of a delicate titian shade, was sighted coming up the WRH steps under a mass of books. Concealed under them was a small candid camera, of which all of her friends are warned tb beware. Ruth holds a special merit scholarship, won in competition, and will go out for the Exponent and dramatics. Smallest Co-ed? The prize for tinyness may go to Barbara Joy, 4' 10" home economics studeht from Indianapolis. In Lafayette, she likes best the moving rocking chair sign displayed on Main street. Barbara will also go out for the Exponent, and believes that the Union is a good place in which to sleep. ’ ' Two more home economics students who come from Indianapolis are Rosemary Feil and Anne Rice, who will be roommates in WRH this year. Neither could tell what a mixer or the Union was (they’ll find out soon) but were well pleased with as
much of the campus as they had s^en. Teddy Axton, a Louisville, Ky., boy, was more emphatic, by thinking that the University campus is the best loQking dampus that he has ever seen; and contrary to the accepted opinion, he thinks the Purdue co-eds are o. k. Teddy came to the University because he heard that it was a good school, and he wants to take air conditioning in the M.E. school. He Loves Lafayette Delmar Wright — no relation to the airplane builder—thinks he has seen worse towns than Lafayette, but can’t remember where. Delmar is an engineering student who hails from East St. Louis, 111. From New York City comes Robert Crowley, a freshman who wants to take mechanical engineering. He likes Purdue because it is farther from home than Yale University^ which he also considered. When asked about the co-eds, he replied that he had been too busy to notice them.'
Corn And Soybean Day Exhibit To Demonstrafe Clover Strain Contrast
Contrast in the growth of foreign and native strains of red clover will be demonstrated to visitors attending the annual Corn and Soybean Day to be held Friday at the University Soils and Crops Experiment Farm, located east of Lafayette on state highway 26. Contrast Growth Red clover samples received from six European countries are in the test and show a marked contrast in the amount of growth,, disease resistance, and resistance to leaf hopper as compared to plots grown from native seed obtained in Indiana, Ohio and Illinois. Many local farmers will be interested in learning to identify these foreign strains and the distinctive characteristics can be easily pointed out. Tests in previous years at the .Soils and Crops farm show a hay yield of only 65 per cent as great where central and northern European strains are used as compared to that obtained from native seed grown in the Corn Belt. ^ Cultural Practices Inspection of the red clover strain test is a part of the tour of the inspection of the experimental work dealing primarily ■with variety tests, cultural practices, and fertility studies of corn and soybeans conducted on the Soils and Crops Farm. The first group will start at 9 o’clock and others will follow at half hour intervals thereafter during the day as long as visitors arrive. Lunch may be obtained on the grounds during the noon hour, or a basket-dinner may be taken to a gi’ove at the southwest corner of the farm.
These are impressions of just a few of the large freshman class entering the University today.'
imn k EiMi
VALUE 5 Tubes $23.95
DELCO CORONET
Imagine a radioJor only $23.95 ^th 5 tubes.^n which you chn get American Bro^casts. Police, Amateur and 49 meter Foreign reception. A beautiful walnut cabinet — 121/4" long, Gy4" deep, 8" high. Don't overlook this radio buy.
Other Delco Radio Models Priced to $i49.9S
A General Motors Value
Lafayette Carpet and Rug Company
Main and 6th Sts. Phone 6850
Scrivener Club Develops New Publication Schedule
Scrivener Club will revise their publication schedule and rush program this year, publishing two issues of Scrivener the first semester and one the second. The cost of publications, to both members and nonmembers, will be fifty cents.
The club will rush prospective members during the first semester, and may possibly pledge some of the rushees before the second semester begins. Those who would like to be considered for membership should see their English professor or leave manuscripts in the ScriveWr box at the Union desk.
Scrivener Club, a combination of a social and honorary organization for those interested in writing, is the only organization of its kind on the campus. The club has just opened up a new office in the Memorial Union Building. ’
J. E. Brock is editor-in-chief of Scrivener, and Jary CleveTand is managing editor.
Sixty ballplayers of the American Association have attended colleges or universities at one tiihe or another. Thirty of these received
degrees.
\
Degering Is Author Of Unique Organic Chemistry Manual
Prof. Edward F. Degering, of the University chemistry department, is the author of a unique new laboratory manual of organic chemistry, “The Tri-Service Manual of Laboratory Work In Organic Chemistry,” which has just come from the press. The new publication is distinctly different from the usual manual in
measuring objective tests.
t , — - h 1 Gigantic School Opening
Sale
10c Fountain Pen Ink
31/20
$1.50 Laundry Cases
98c
" 6-Ft. Extension Cord, complete
19c
a Goose Neck Student Lamps.
88c
s 50 Thumb Tacks
4c
1 $1.50 Alarm Clocks
98c
35c Bath Slippers
10c
h 50c Typewriter Ribbons
33c
1 $1.50 Brief Cases
98c
500 Yellow Second Sheets
23c
See Our Circular for Other Savings!
Ford-Hopkins Drug Store
& Tea Room
310 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
• First year men will do well to take a timely tip and stock up aplenty with button-down Gordon oxford shirts. They’re designed expressly for college men-—-and tailored to reflect casual correctness—a campus classic for long wear and smart style.
Mitoga—tailor ed-to-fit Sanforized-shrunk
ARROW SHIR TS and TIES DEWENTER’S
HandlieB a full exclusive line of Arrow Shirts in Lafayette. 416 Main
FRESHMEN - - -
OF OLE PURDUE
GET VOUR Sonw iBooL
You’ll want to be one of the student rooters at pep sessions and football games this fall. To be a rooter you’ll have to know the songs, as well as be able to yell. Get your song book today and learn Hail Purdue and the many other soiigs.
Sold Exclusively by SOUTHWORTH’S
technic simplified until it was deemed advisable to make these exercises available in a more permanent form.
Gimlet Club Will Direct Parking On Stuart Field
Parkifig facilities on upper Stuart Field for the football games, again •will be under the supervision of the Gimlet Club. The need for these facilities has grown this year as the area used for parking in previous years has been made into the varsity practice field.
Woodworth To Receive Concession Bids Till Friday
Sealed bids for the concession privileges in the !l^oss-Ade stadium on the days of football games this fall will be received in the office of R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic director, up until Friday noon, it was announced today.
‘ Concession privileges wilf cover the three home varsity games with Butler, Carnegie Tech and Iowa, and the home “B” team games with Notre Dame and Illinois.
STUDENT
NEEDS
Study Lamps 79c
Flexible arm and adjustable shade make these ideal for "home work." Cord included at this special price.
BRIGHT NEW PAPER =
Parchment Shades
25c
Don't let old shades spoil the appearance of your lamps! These beautiful shades will bring out all their good points, and add sparkling new life. 12", 16", and 18" sizes.
I
Alarm i Clocks
$1.00
Alarm Clocks with one year guarantee. Rose, Black, Blue, Green and Ivory colors.
I , Corner of Third and Columbia |A
THE PURDUE EXtONENT
Townsend Reappoints Three Board Members
Governor M. Clifford Townsend reappointed three members of the Purdue University board Thursday following advice from AttorneyGeneral Omer Jackson that University board members are not subject to the terms of the 1932 government reorganization law.
*Rirker -m Klvdnk
The trustees reappointed are David Ross, Lafayette; Dr. Kathryn McHale, Logansport; and Robert Simpson, Vincennes.
—the amazing new writing ink that
cleans a pen as it writes. Made 2 ways—WASHABLK for home and school—PERMANENT for accounting and permanent documents. Made by The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wis. Qet Qui'nk and free dictionary at any store selling ink.
Under the reorganization law, state officials and employees, excepting those of elective offices, serve terms determined by the governor, rather than specific ones. Jackson, however, held that members of the Purdue board form a “corporate body” and that, therefore, trustees are not classed as officers or eniployees of any department of the state. ,
Electrical School Makes
Few Personnel Changes
Only a few changes have been made in the Electrical Engineering personnel over the past summer. In the future Professor Emerick will devote all of his time to the band and T. Jl Higgins will take over his place in teaching courses for junior mechanical engineering students. Jn addition, three graduate student assistants, 'H. A. Thomas, C. G. Hylkema ,and J. C. Baker, have been appointed.
Among the many research pro jects that have'been carried on during the vacation months are the application of television and shortwave beams to aeroplane landing with |ow visibility, the characteristics of glass as an insulator for high frequencies, the testing of turn signals to be required of trucks in the state, and the vibration studies of steel wire for rural distribution of electric power.
Ernest Kipp, Union Cleik For Eight Years, Expires
Seniois—foi Cords see sparrendahl
Individually tailored .garments of highest quality and workmanship.
Phone 6030
4th and Ferry Sts.
For the last investigation an experimental line has been constructed on the livestock farm north of West Lafayette.
In addition to the research activities carried on in the Electrical Engineering school, Professors Harding and Canfield have just completed a new textbook on “Business Administration For Engineers” that will be used by senior electrical engineers this semester.
“Students today know that the educational system is phoney. What they are getting is a mass of varigated and obsolescent information which is tossed at them in an apparent unrelated form and about which they do little if any thinking.” The frank opinion of President Robert M. Hutchins, of the University of Chicago.
I.
...because thqnre made of MILDTHPE tobaccos
Copyright 1937, LicGBTT & Mybm Tobacco Co.
Ernest Kipp, desk clerk at the Memorial Union Building for the past eight years, died early Saturday morning following a lingering illness that forced his retirement from his duties last February,
“Kippy,” as he was known to the boys who frequented the Union at night, was an enthusiastic Purdue booster and a Ross-Ade life member. His passing is mourned by all who knew him.
Coming to Lafayette from Colburn, he took a position as night clerk at the Lahr Hotel. Kipp held this job for many years, making numerous friends in Lafayette. Following this position, he became the desk clerk at the Union Building, which position he held until the illness that led to his death.
The funeral was held yesterday at the Bradshaw Funeral Home and the body was interred in Springdale cemetery.
Faculty Lounge Scene Of
YWCA Fall Tea Thursday
All university women students/ will be welcomed at the Y. W. C. A. Fall Tea to be held in the faculty Building at 4 o’clock on Thursday afternoon.
Miss Clare Coolideg, university Y. W. C. A. advisor, and members of the Y. W. C. A. cabinet will receive the guests. The cabinet includes: Dorothy Bryant, president; Dorothy Coan, vice-president; Betty Klein, secretary; and Jean Brown, Helen Conver, Marga Mary Glunt, Jane Hall, Patricia Heine, Mary Alice Learning, Anna. LewiSj Sara Alice ]V|pIntosh, Sally McKee, June Prentice, and Sylvia Zussip.
Debaters Marshalled By L. S. Winch, Kew Head
Omitted in Saturday’s Exponent discussion of activities on the campus was mention of the many activities sponsored by the speech department.
L. S. Winch is acting director of debating and public speech in the absence of Professor P. E. Lull. Purdue is a member of the Western Debate League which in debating corresponds to the athletic Big Ten; last year the University squad placed second in the competition.
In addition to this intercollegiate debating there is Intramural and Interfraternity Debating for both men and women.
Call for debaters will be made in the Notice cohpnn of the Exponent.
Dammon To Lecture
In I.U. Radio Courses
Clarence E. Dammon, assistant director of the Personnel Service of the University, who has been in charge of program production for WBAA, the University station, for the past four years, will be one of the featured lecturers on special radio fcourses to be offered by the Indiana University Extension Division at East Chicago and Fort Wayne this fall.
Three Lectures Series Dammon will present a series of three lectures before the East Chicago course on “Fundamentals of Radio Broadcasting,” opening the cpurse on next Wednesday, September 15, with a discussion of “Paging the Radio Industry.” His other^ subjects, scheduled for October 6 and November 3, respectively, will be “For Public Service Convenience, and Necessity,” and “Studio Demonstration of Production Technique.”
The cpurse of lectures is designed to cultivate an appreciation of radio as an industry, to instruct in the art of broadcasting, and to demonstrate the effective use of radio for educational, commercial, civic, and other purposes. At Fort Wayne In addition to the East Chicago course, Dammon will have general direction of a course of sixteen lectures on radio broadcasting and radio script writing to be offered at Fort Wayne by the Indiana Extension Division. He directed a similar series of lecture at Fort Wayne last fall.
A member of the executive council of the National Association of Educational Broadcasters, Dammon has had a wealth of experience in
the radio field. He pioneered the
first educational broadcasting projects in Indiana and has been directing the student training program in connection with WBAA, in addition to being active in national circles in educational radio possibilities.
1941 Women Introduced To
Library By Honorary Group
Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, conducted tours of the University Library for freshmen women yesterday at 10 -o’clock in the mormng and at 2 o’clock in the afternoon.
Each party consisted of about 30 new women. L. W. Josselyn and Rachel K. Schenfe, members of the Library staff, directed the groups through the building and explained to the members of the parties how to make use of reference material and card catalogues.
ANNOUNCING FALL OPENING
OF
ADULT TAP CLASSES
ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 16,6:30 p. m.
INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Sept. 16, 9:00 p. m. BEGINNER’S ' Friday, S^pt. 17, 6:30 p. m. Phone 2'! 50 ALLEN’S . 6th & Fe^ry
4 S^ta/dL QoUaqa, (RiqhJt
by being certain that your eyes are right
If you have any visual difficulties you will find here a most complete and thorough examination, and nominal fees
Dr. A. Enz. Jr.
OPTOMETRIST-
607 Main St.
Phon^ 260$
1-
J %
ii,
I
I
f;
'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, September 14,1937
Exponent Editors Explain Staff Work
(Editor’s Note: In order to acquaint prospective freshmen workers on the Exponent with the workini^ of the paper, we are printing a series of articles on the functions of the various staffs.)
staff, helping them do their work and training them in their duties.
Editorial
By J. E. Brock Managing Editor It IS the editorial staff that actually produces the newspaper each day. Reporters, copyreadei's, headline writers, issue editors, night editors—these are the ones who are responsible for each issue of the
Exponent.
Their work is practical journalism; it is not a series of classroom exercises or book journalism. They make the paper! They do the reporting. They gather the news, write the stories, compose the headlines, determine the make-up, and follow the news from the time it IS an idea until the last slug of typemetal is set in place and the chase is locked up. Mechanical Work They do not perform the mere mechanical work of setting the type, casting the headlines, mounting the engravings, or running the presses. The Exponent contract with our printers takes care of this labor; but they do the newspaper work on the
newspaper.
Any freshman or sophomore male student is eligible to work on the editorial staff of the Exponent. He is given training in the various jobs he will have to perform. He acts as a reporter, a rewrite man, a headwriter, a proof reader, and he gets a thorough knowledge of the mechanics of production by an occa sional turn as the “dog watch” man or stayover man, when he follows the progress of the next day’s paper until it is “put to bed.” , Issue Editor In his second year on the staff the editorial worker acts frequently as the issue editor, assigning writers to stories and headlines, and keeping an account of every bit of news that goes into the paper. When he is not acting as issue editor, he writes and exercises a general authority over the freshmen on the
At the end of his second year on the staff, the editorial worker is eligible for election to one of the five positions as associate or “night” editor. One night editor has complete control of the staff on the night his paper is published. He is responsible only to his editor and managing editor for the appearance and content of his paper. On certain nights when he is not active as night editor, he acts as “stooge,” giving general assistance to the night editor qnd taking care of any special jobs that arise. Senior Positions At the end of his junior year'on the staff, an associate editor is eligible for election to either the post of editor-in-chief or that of managing editor. The former exercises control and has authority and responsibility over the entire newspaper and its personnel, while the latter is generally responsible for the production of the paper. The editorial staff is for those who want to do real newspaper work, do the writing, reading, editing—for those who want to “put
out a paper.”
directs and is responsible for the work assigned his staff; these men usually carry junior cards and are selected at the end of their sophomore year froiA the staff which they are to head. The three managers are in turn responsible to the business manager to whom is giveri the duty of planning, coordinating and directing all the activity of ®he entire business staff. The assistant business manager helps him in all these duties.
ernoon, to take a strong interest in and enjoy their work, and to show some initiative and a lot of cooperation. In return for giving services of this quality, no person can receive less benefit than a great deal of good practical business experience that will never be regretted.
Business
By D. C. Miller
Business Manager
The business staff of the Purdue Exponent offers every one of its members a chance to gain invalu able practical knowledge and exper ience in general business practices As in ev-erything else, the persons who take the most interest, who are willing to spend a lot of time at their work, and who are capable of assuming responsibility are the peo pie who actually get “value re ceived” for time spent and earn the staff positions when election
time comes. Departments
The business staff is divided into three distinct departments; namely, circulation, local advertising, and national advertising. Each of these staffs is headed by a manager who
The circulation staff takes charge of subscription sales, does much of the bookkeeping, collects, bills, organizes and supervises the delivery department, and promotes the classified ad section.
Local Advertising The local advertising staff, as its name implies, sells advertising to the merchants of Lafayette, West Lafayette and surrounding territory. In the course of their work, the members of this staff learn to know many of the local business men, learn how to approach and seU prospective advertisers, to keep customers satisfied and interested in the Exponent, to write and compose advertisements, to initiate and sell promotional ideas. In summary, the local ad staff may be stated to be a practical education in salesman ship and promotion. To the National advertising staff goes the duty of taking charge of the correspondence and clerical work that must be carriedii^on in connection^ith our national advertising representatives. Likewise, the making and tabulation of surveys, the compiling of University inf or mation and data for business staff use, and the planning of advertising campaigns and promotion are among the services rendered by this
staff.
Variety Although there is a wide variety m the type of work that each staff performs and each has its own particular appeal to individual students the general statement can be made that all successful 'business staff members must be willifig to give a few hours to the Exponent each aft-
Sports
By Dick Obenchain Sports Editor
Sports writers on the Exponent engage in somewhat different work and their rewards vary from those of other staff members of the organization. The work consists mainly of reporting and writing stories dealing with the Purdue athletic world and in planning the make-up of the daily sports page.
Big Games Our staff spends much time in covering the daily afternoon and evening practices of University, athletic teams and in writing up the “big games” of these squads. Personal acquaintances with sports coaches and stars and a view of the inner workings of the Pufdue athletic machine are gained through the work.
Freshmen on this staff usually spend two evenings a week on the paper, and during the first year they undergo training that enables them to take up the more important sophomore positions. .A^iy freshman, sophomore, or transfer student in the University is eligible to tryout for Exponent sportswriting.
Candidacy
At the end of his sophomore year, a staff member autqmatically becomes a candidate for one of the three associate sports editorships on the paper, and along with his fellow workers is voted on by the Exponent electoral board. Juniors alternate duties as night editors in charge of getting together the sports page for the following day
Again the junior editors appear before the electoral board, near the close of their third year at the Uni versity, and from them the sports editor is chosen to guide the destinies of his staff during the coming year.
Co-eds
By Elizabeth Pyke Co-ed Editor
Campus news of co-eds, interviews with well known women, convocations, style hotes, and co-edi-torials keep the women’s staff of the Exponent busy. This staff supplements the men’s editorial department in daily reporting and office work, and once a year produces an issue of its own.
Contacts with students in every other activity bn the campjis and a chance to keep well informed on University happenings in general provide a stimulus for co-ed members of the Exponent organization. The work is exciting, changeable,, and a fertile ground for new ideas.
Supervision
Every afternoon except Sijnday, when no paper is prepared for publication, a junior co-ed supervises the gathering and writing of the news for her staff. Her helpers are sophomores and freshmen, who write stories, answer phone calls, write heads, and perform other tasks necessary for newspaper production.
Quick coverage of co-ed campus affairs will be facilitated this year by the maintenance of an office in the Memorial Uiiibn Building. Reporters will be spared a trip over to town by working out of this office.
Other Privileges Along with the other privileges and rewards of co-ed Exponent workers, upperclasswomen on the paper are frequently pledged to campus honoraries. Previous experience in the field of journalism is not necessary but merely helpful. This extra-curricu-lar activity offers valuable contacts with faculty members and an opportunity to develop and exercise writing ability.
Wallers Will Speak To Frosh At Exponent Smoker On Activities
Freshmen To Be Offered Chance To Join Staff
Offering an opportunity to interested freshmen to get on the staff of the Exponent, the annual Exponent smoker will be given in the ballroom of the Union pn the afternoon of September 19 at 2:30 p. m.
Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel at the University, will give a short talk on the value of extra-curricular activities, emphasizing the special value that college journalistic training has. His talk will be illustrated by graphs and charts designed from his and other researches in the matter.
Staff members will then give the freshmen a chance to sign up for the various staffs—editorial, business, co-ed, sports—and the meeting will close with a general “bull session”.
Glider Club Prepares
For Year; Plan Trip
Weather affects one's mind, says Prof. William F. Peterson of the University of Illinois. The number of patients who enter Illinois hospitals for treatment of mental illness rises to a peak in June, drops to a low point in September, rises again in October and declines in November.
Members of the University Glider Club will hold their first meeting of the year tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Union Building to make plans for the coming year. The plane and other equipment have already been put in shape and flying will be started the first day weather conditions permit. Already under consideration, however, are plans to purchase another ship for the club and to make a trip into MieJ^igan to soar along the lake shore.
The club has a limited membership of 40 members,* and with approximately 25 old members returning to school it will be possible to take m 15 freshmen or newcomers. There will be an open meeting of the club sometime next week for anyone who is interested m gliding.
HiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiNiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii^
APPROVED SETS AS LOW AS $11.00
at HAYWOOD’S
ESTABLISHED 1826 Corner of 5th and Ferry Sts., next to Monon Station, Lafayette Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars
DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND ALL DRAWING SUPPLIES Log-Log, Trig, Decitrig, Duplex and Polyphase Slide Rules, Form Paper and x^Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks
YOU WILL SAVE 2h HERE
FREE
A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase
WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE FOLLOWING APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
Posf "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S.'Blue" 888
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C
Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK S. Blue" 1006
STUDY DESK LAMPS
B R
Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El 086 Keuffel fir Esser "Pharos" 686 Post "Primo" 630
U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 626
Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inferior dr unapproved articles.
Flexible Neck In 3 Finishes
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the APPROVED LIST
CASES
Come Over and See This Store. Our Low Prices on Everything Will Surprise You. Buy Drawing Instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Dealers Only. NOTICE: This Store Is Open from 8 A. M, to 5 P. M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
BOOKS
BUY HERE SAVE 25% ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETS
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilitHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiliiiiitiiiiliUliiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiintifsrtr:
^4
i*"“
=?f
Tuesday. September 14,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Mistake In Exponent Founding Date Discovered After Sixteen Years
Sixteen editors of the Exponent hnve been wrong For sixteen years a false date has been brazenly assigned to the founding of the Exponent. For sixteen long years the “flag”, carrying the names of the staff members and punted at the top of the"tditorial page has advertised, “The Purdue Exponent, Founded in 1883 ” The truth of the matter is that the first Exponent came out December 15, 1889 Trying td figure out the age of the paper one day, staff
members were«drfluch confused by the conflicting dates. Finally a search through the office’s old, musty, and very dusty files was made, and the sad truth was established It was a hard blow to the editors The Exponent is not the first an4 original “official voice of Purdue” Instead the Exponent was humiliatingly antedated seven years by a publication called, humbly enough, “The Purdue”
|IillllllllllliH|l
132 Vine Sf. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
I Delivery service is not avail- | I ^We. I I We offer you 20% discount | I on all laundry, dry cleaning, | I hat cleaning or shoe repairing | I brought in and called for at j I either our West Lafayette or | I our Lafayette offices. | I 132 Vine St.—W. Lafa}?ette | I 641 Main St.—Lafayette | I AMERICAN LAUNDRY | iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiii
This ■'was the paper founded in 1883 It flourished until 1887 when the august faculty fired it off the campus for printing a razz issue It seems that one of the classes had stolen the paper for a night and given vent to a few more or less personal remarks concerning the University and their esteemed professors Most Co-op Engineers Enter For Full Course Nearly one third of the students who studied engineering for their first year in the cooperative program between Purdue and Indiana Universities at Indianapolis, South Bend, East Chicago, and Fort Wayne, later have entered the University to take one of the regular four year courses in engineering At Indianapolis, where 70 took their first year’s work, 25 came to the University to take the three remaining years At South Bend, where 35 were enrolled, 13 later became full time students at the University In East Chicago, where 56 were registered, 14 later took the foui year course At Fort Wayne, 43 were enrolled for first year work, 13 later became full time students The cooperative arrangement between Purdue and Indiana has been tried with considerable success, with Purdue staff members giving some of the work not taught by the Indiana men, although the schedules for those who wish to study engineering is worked out so that they cover practically all of the freshman work as offered in Purdue Arrest Nine In Drive To Enforce City Traffic Laws The airest of nine persons on the Main stieet levee for speeding and other infractions of the traffic rules Saturday night calls attention to the rigid campaign of the State Police to enforce Lafayette traffic laws, and sounds a note of warning to students operating motor cars on
Exponent Editor Goes "First Year". Gives His Impressions Of Freshman Orientation
Continued from page 1 We remember that Registrar Stone, appropriately introduced by the president as a man who could give “lessons in snapping persons’ heads off,” in giving instructions about orientation registration said something about a compact, and our surprise at his knowing what one was It was at this point that one student who had failed to get his cards at the door climbed down under the bleachers, crawled over to the entrance for cards, and then wiggled back to his seat No Green Carpet We remember Dean Stratton’s short, enjoyable talk, in which she set forth four things that the fi;eshmen would learn in their first days here, the last two being that deans’ offices are not green caipeted and that “due” in Purdue is pronounced as “dew,” or “due,” and not “do ” We wondered why women wesCr hats on such occasions as that, even while speaking The class of 1941 took in the performances with a fair amoupt of enthusiasm, but a few of the novices acted as if they were attending an 8 o’clock biology lecture Tough Guys Some of the more sophisticated fledglings assumed a bored air during all the addresses, while a half dozen or so “tough guyS^’ never va ijed their half-defiant expiessi^ons, except to look meaner But not one of them failed to applaud A1 Stewart’s concert choir after its snappy
the campus
The speed limit on the levee is 30 miles an hour, and from the bottom of State^^feet^hill to Grant street, 20 miles an hour Four of those arrested paid fines of $1 and costs, amounting to $6 in each case Cases were tired in the court of Mayor M B Morgan, of West Lafayette Foul of the 1 emaming cases were heard last night and one is to be
"treaid Wednesday
rendition of “I Won’t Kiss Katy,” and most of them joined in the singing of ‘Hail Purdue.” What strange power hath music to tame wild beasts ’ At 8 30, a short, heavy fellow, evidently of the faculty forces, came into the doorway to show, with a my^erious and authoritative mannei, some figures to Professor Hockema. We couldn’t help hearing, by straining our ears, him say that 2,097 new students had entered the room. From then on we kept our own count Another Student It was 8 40 before number 2,098, the exact figure for last year’s freshman enrollment, showed up, but only sixty seconds later another fellow came in to raise the total to 2,099, and we founded hopes that one more student would show up. And he did’ At exactly 9 05, in walked number 2,100 — and he stopped in the doorway to increase the number there to about 25 Deciding he was worth an interview, we went over, gave him a summary of the events preceding his entrancfe, showed him how to fill ■out his orientation cards, learned that he was Francis Fansler, of Baltimore Polytechnic High School, Maryland, and sold him a year’s subscription to the Exponent Number 2,100 Francis’s credits from Baltimore Polytechnic, which he says is the highest rated technical high school in the United States, enable him to enter Purdue with a sophomore standing in mechanical engineering in his first year^here His excuse for being late was that after sleeping until 8 o’clock he had walked from the Union Building to the Fieldhouse, thinking the convocation was thei e, before coming to the Gym Just before the morning’s speaking ended, last student to report at the convocation, Kenneth Thayer, numbei 2101, was admitted to the loom He was still writing on his oiientation cards when the group of students was divided, part of them to go to Fowller Hall, foi their psychology test
Local Ads TYPEWRITERS-r-ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F Ebershoff, 605 Mam Street, Phone 2779. Model A Ford—1932 coupe in excellent condition. Call Putze 2352. FOR RENT — Modern Double rooms 1905 Kossuth (75654 Phone) On Street car line. WANTED—Piano, trumpet, and sax men. Immediately. Call Bob Kelly. 5317. Wanted—Tenor Sax man—Call 3766 For Rent—Two large clean downstairs rooms suitable for 4 studenj^. $8 each per month, 1119 North ^t, Lafayette. For Rent — Co-ed roomp. Large, clean, reasonable, mcely-fumished. Call between 10-11 this morning. 121 Lutz Ave Notices Fraternity Rash Chairmen — Local addresses of all freshmen gotJig through orientation may be obtained at the Student Union office at 2 o clock this afternoon —PUTZE Freshmen Girla-—Library tour Monday at 10 and again at 2 o clock Meet at Library —HUBER. Junior Baseball Managers — Get in touch with me at the Delta Tau Delta house before registration —PERRY Exponent Co eds—All sophomore and junior CO eds meet in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 16 p m. September 16 —PYKE Gimlet—^There will be a very important meeting September 14 at 7 30 in room A of ihe Memorial Union Building -BROWN Freshman Campers — Freshmen articles left at camp—one towel one sportshirt and one sleeveless shirt, may be obtained by applying to me —J H GRAVES Purdue Flying Club—Important meeting September 16 at 7 30 in room A of the Memorial Union Building All summer payments are due then Closed meeting —CONWAY Independent Staff—Short meeting of staff members at 7 p m September 16 —MEACHAM P I A Members—P I A members interested in activities call at office between 4 and 5 30 p m any time this week for placements —WELLS & MYER Glider Club- Important meeting at 7 15 September 14 in room F of the Union Building —MOORE
Applied Design and Art Supplies
Aprons, Books, and Lab. Equipment
Dietzgen Drawing Instruments, K. & E. Slide Rules
Biology lA Supplies
Golf Clubs, , Wright-Ditson j Tennis Racquets
Text Books and Supplies for All Courses
SOUTHWORTH’S
£jt}ehiijthm^ ^A, ihsL fiuiulusL SiudsmL
\
I'
¥THE PURDUE EXPONENT
EVERYTHING
FOR A COLLEGE
EDUCATION
You’re not sure - - Deac" has
Tuesday, September 14,1937
W Smoke a Pipe ^
-SI
“Happy mortal! he who knows Pleasure which a pipe bestows; Curling eddies climb the room. Wafting round a mild perfume.^ Isaac Hawkins Brown— “A PIPE OF TOBACCO’
Pouches
Moisture-proof lined, with zipper or two-fold openings.
Frank “Medico” Pipes With “slug-proof” $1
changeable filters
COMOY - FALCON KAYWOODIE - BGW
Tobacco Humidors
Insulated and moisture - proof. Some with pipe «acks attached. Priced as low
Pipe Racks
Made from beautiful turned hard woods. Priced fl*"! from V-I-
m
AND TOBACCOS
Your time and money by purchasing your school supplies, accessories, souvenirs, toilet articles and numerous other articles, in our store. We are equipped to serve you quickly and efficiently. Stop in and look around even if you do not buy anything. Remember, it’s a STUDENT STORE. T Shirts with Purdue Seal - Beer Jackets with Purdue Seal - Freshman Pots, 38c, 49, 65c - 1,001 Jewelry Items. *
REISNER