-'i
Tue§day, jaitiiary 6,
Full War Time Schedule
iBoil^rmakers Blow Hot Cold To Submerge fi®"* f“!•
Uninteresting Wolverine Combine, 36-18
Elliott Names Personnel Of Student War Council
President- E. C. Elliott has announced the personnel of the Univefsitjr Student War Council of liine inenibers. 'This council will provide a mehns by which the University students can actively par-v, ticipate in the efforts of the University to Contribute to the national defense program. The following students have' been named as members of this group: Tlichard Dibos, Winfield, Kan., president of the Student Senate, chairippn; Ned Ochiltree, Oah Park, 111., editor-in-chief. Exponent; Roscoe Starek, Wilmette, 111., president of the Student Union; Agnes McCulloch, Scottsburg, president of Associated Women Students; Damon B, Elder, Spencer, president of Purdue Independent Association. Rex Mayfield, Canton, Ohio, pres-
ident of Fraternity Presidents’ Council; Barbara Ann Adkins, Anderson, president of Panhellettic Council; Bill Farber, Michigan City, president of Cary Club; Mildred Owens, Connersville, governor of Women’s Residence Halls, and Lawrence Myei’s, Hartford City, president of Student Cooperative Association. Work of the council will be coordinated by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president. Some of the matters suggested for consideration in the council are student morale, physical fitness, academic interest, student conservation of resources, participation in extra-curricular activities of a practical nature, support of the various relief organizations, and an active interest in the national and international problems, c.w.
Menke, Blanken Lead Scoring; Defensive Play Highlights Game
i
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor Alternating between bursts of brilliance and burstg of indifPerence,^ with the latter predominating, the Boilerihakers put out no more than was needed to completely disrupt the attack of the invading Michigan five and toyed their way to their second conference victory in as many starts by doubling
the score, 36-18.
Lanky pivot man Jim Mandler gave the Wolverines their only excuse for being in the game, giving his team the only organized attack they showed and playing a stellar defensive gave as well as leading his team in points with eight. The
six foot five inch Ch^icago athlete was responsible for breaking up innumerable Boilermaker scoring attempts and
made things so
around the bgsket that Coach Lam-
bert instructed his charges to pull f i i T r Ci J i him out so that they could work 3ldT0 lO CX^JlUClSniS
into the basket.
Althpugh the passing of the Mich- University students dropping
Are You 20? Feb. 16 Is It President Roosevelt yesterday set February 16 as the date for all men between 20 and 44 to register under the new draft law. Some 9,000,000 will be affected. The 17,000,000 men previously registered will not be asked to re-register. Dates will be set later for registration of those 18 to 20 and 45-64 inclusive who are also included in the new law.
University Will Offer
unpleasant Courses Throughout
U. Downes To Explain Wo/d
Navy Ordnance Work it Talk On January 26
, / > 4
I Lt. Edwin Downes, USNR, will speak to penioi* engineers January 26. fo <;xplain functions of the Bureau ef Ofdance. Following the talk, Ut? Downes will interview interested students. The Bureau is urgently in need of chemists, physicists, mathematicians and engineers of all types for research, production and maintenance. Electrical engineers and physicists with a knowledge of electronics are' in great demand. Production and maintenance engineers are needed at all the navy yards and at the hundreds of plants v'hich hold Navy contracts. 90 Day Training After receiving their commissions the hew officers will attend training classes at the Naval Training School, Fort Schuyler, the Bronx, New York, for sixty days. At the end of this training period they will be trahsferi’od toi the Naval Gun Factory in Washington, D. C., navy yard for thirty days further train-
ing. j.h.f.
Dean G. L Jenkins ... of the School of Pharmacy at- y ^
tended the meeting of the American ’ * *7®
Association for the Advancement . . . Ag '17, lesigned as Farm of Sciehce at Dallas, Texas, during Security Administration project vacation. Dead Jenkins, chairman of community manager of Knox counthe pharmacy section, presented two ty to become farm advisor of Clark
papers before his group. county. 111.
Citizenship Papers, Identification Card All pilots and student pilots will be required to hold airman identification cards and documentary evidence of citizenship from January 8 until further notice, the Department of Commerce has announced. All present pilots and CAA students are advised to obtain the necessary papers as soon as possible in order that they may complete their course
of instruction.
Here’s What You Need
Student pilots and pilots desiiing their airmen identification cai’d should take the following articles to the senior air inspector for this district at the administration building at the University airport Wednesday, Jan. 7, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.: two identical photographs, not less than 2 inches square, unretouched and uncolorcd, showing complete head, full face and top of shoulders (snapshots by automatic photographic machine^ are not acceptable) ; two letters from responsible persons in their community certifying as to their loyalty to the United States; a birth or baptismal cei’tificate; and fingerprints made by official aeronautical inspector of
CPT. j.t.k.
igan lads was not of the worst, the school for any reason at the close Boilermaker defense that has been of the first semester will be eligible becoming more evident as the sea- for the part-time evening courses son progresses was more than the which the University is offering in Wolverines could best. The 18 points industrial centers throughout the tallied by the Ann Arboi team is state. They may also take the fulljust one less than Chicago made time day courses starting on the Saturday night, and probable is the campus in about three weeks as part start of a new Boilermaker defense of the defense training program, record. conducted by the University under Blanken Playa Guard authority of the U. S. Office of Edu-
Captain Don Blanken, playing at cation,
the guard position, went all the Should See Head of Schools way in last night’s battle, contin- Dean W. A. Knapp announced uing his dazzling passing attack yestei’day that all students who exwhich is becoming the talk of the ^get to drop school should see the conference and getting the range ^gad of their school this week for
(Continued on page 4) P Men Will Present Annual Blanket Hop Saturday In Union P Men’s Club will hold their annual Blanket Hop Satui'day night from 9 to 12 in both of the Union ballrooms. Mickey Islcy and his orchestra will furnish the music. This dance is given every year for the purpose of raising funds to buy P Men’s blankets, which will later be presented to senior major letter-^
men.
Informality will be the note of the dance as it will be a sweater dance. This is to accommodate the students attending the Ohio State basketball game, who can come directly to the dance. The price ot admission will be $1.10. Mickey Isley and his orchestra are fi’om northern Indiana, and have played over CBS, WIND, and WBBM. They have also been featui'ed at the Casis in Michigan City,
y.m.s.
further information. Both men and women are eligible for defense training courses if they have the necessary pre-requisites, which, in niost cases, are met by high school gi’aduation. Registration is being held in industrial centers throughout the state this week. Day classes^will be offered in engineering drawing, surveying, advanced welding, elementary metallurgy, time and motion study, radio engineering and the chemistiy of powder and explosives. c.w. Library Books Students are urged to return to the Library all books not in active use, in order that they may be available to other readers. Under the new regulations the Semester closes two weeks earlier than usual and there will not bo time for the usual routine for calling in library books. Students are asked to act on their own initiative and return to the Library all books overdue or not needed. W. M. HEPBURN Librarian.
Former Students Fight For U. S.
The beginning of the New Year finds mahy of the former University students and graduates scattered throughout the United States and foreign countries. Of the twen-ty-eight former students mentioned herein, fifteen are stationed at the Aberdeen Maryland P i o v i n g Ground, four have been ordered to Kelly Field, throe have 'been ordered to Bropks Field, with the other six in service at points from Corpus Christi, Texas, to Madrid, Spain. Fifteen Univeisitygraduates are on duty as officers at the Aberdeen Maryland Proving Ground for the Ordnance Department of the United States Army, according to a list compiled by the post. Topping the list is Lieut. Col. James G. Haworth, ME ’09, and Ma.jo^ Gleason F. Brier, CE ’24. Others art as follows; First Lieut. P. D. DcckarJ, EE ’29, West Lafayette; Fiyst Lieut. Robert E. Johnson, ME ’88, Orleans; First Lieut. W. E. Pev-
ly, ME ’38, LaGrange, 111.; Second Lieut. Joseph T. Doan, ME ’39, West Lafayette; Second Lieut. A. A. Glade, ME ’38, Chicago. Second Lieut. John B. Jackson, ME ’41, Highland Park, 111.; Second Lieut. H. K. Kolb, ME ’40, Coal City; Second Lieut. Bart C. Loskot, ME ’39, New York City; Second Lieut. G. B. Neidhardt, ME ’39, Albion; Second Lieut. Richard C. Potter, PSE '40, SiouX Falls, South Dakota; Second Lieut. Carl Prechter, EE ’39, Green Bay, Wis.; Second Lieut. H. L. Scott, ME ’39, Has-tings-on-Hudson, N. Y.; Corporal Leo L. Hunter, ME ’40( Lafayette. All of these men have been in the Organized Reserves and most of them left places in industry to assume their duties as anny officers. With the second leg of then flying instruction completed at Goodfellow Field, basic flying school at San Angelo, Texas, seven University graduates, now aviation cadets.
have been ordered to other fields to enter the final ten months of advanced flight training required to eain the wings of a flying reseiwe officer in the United States Army Air Corps. The following have been ordered to Kelly Field, Texas; Jerome Albert Juhnke, '41, Chicago, 111.; Dean B. Lewis, ’39, Lafayette; Theodore B. Marxson, ’40, Mattoon, 111.; Hugh M. Redhead, ’41, LaGrange, Ind. The loHowing have been ordered to Brooks Field, Texas; Earle J. Aber, Ji., ’41, Racine, Wis.; Thomas K. Dickinson, ’39, West Lafayette; Earl J. Disher, ’41, Indianapolis. Herbert M. Kennedy, ’41, Terre Haute, and Harold R. Wilson, Bluffton, Ohio, have successfully completed primary flight training at Corpus Christi Naval Air Station, Corpus Christi, Texas. Howard E. Walker, Ashland, Ohio, has received his silver wings and commission as a second lieu-
tenant m the United States Army Air Coi-ps. He was graduated December 12, 1941, from Barksdale
Field, Louisiana.
Lieut. Donald E. Johnson, former University student, enrolled in Mechanical Engineering, has been named naval attache of the American Embassy at Madiid, Spain. Lieut. Johnson, formerly of Indianapolis, following a period of service in the Philippines and Hawaii, became an instiuetor at the Naval Air Training Station at Pensacola, Floiida, and has been on duty in Washington recently. Pvt. Lawrence W. Archibald, West Lafayette, and Pvt. Walter R. Everly, Spencer, who enlisted in the army on October 9, 1941, at Fort Benjamin Harrison, Indianapolis, is stationed at Jefferson Barracks, Missouri. Pvt. Archibald is in training as an interviewer in the classification center. Pvt. Everly is awaiting transfer to a clerical school,
Annual Agricultural Conference Opens On Campus Monday 'Loyal Alumnus' Will Appear In Music Hail Annual Agricultural Conference, largest single attraction which the University offers for non-students, will again present a full calendar of banquets, conventions, society meetings, and conferences on a wide variety of subjects. The five day program, which begins Monday, Jan. 12 and runs through Jan. 16, regularly brings about 10,000 farmers and their families to the campus. Loyal Alumnus Will Attend Loyal Alumnus IV, champion steer at the recent International Livestock Exposition, will be presented before the Conference in the Music Hall on Wednesday, Jan. 14, according to an announcement made yesterday by University officials upon the receipt of a telegram from the Firestone Tire and Rubber^Company, new owners of the steer, confirming the arrangements. On Display At Luncheon A gathering of 6,000 persons is expected to view the steer’s first (Continued on page 4) Air Corps Will Give 30 Hours Of Flying Credit To CAA Men Under a recent change in regulations, students enrolled in the CAA Civilian Pilot Training Program will be ci edited with a maximum of 30 hours flying experience upon becoming a cadet in the Arlny Air
Corps.
However, any reduction in the time spent in the elementary phase of Air Corps instruction will depend upon the individual qualifications of each student to forego a part of the required 60 hours fiying time. The ground school requirements remain the same, and every cadet will have to qualify in this phase of the work prior to graduation from the elementary fljring
school.
New Policy In order to fuithcr the chances of University students who desire to join the Air Corps, the University has adopted a new policy as regards applicants for the CAA program. First preference will be given to those qualified students who have also applied for Aviation Cadet Training with the armed forces of the United States and then consideration will be given to othei appli-
cants.
New Requirements The new eligibility requirements for training require the applicant to be a male citizen of the United States with wiitten permission of his parents or guardian if he is under 21 years of age, to be between the ages of 19 and 26, to be a regularly enrolled student in sophomore or higher standing at the University, and to agree to make himself available for flight tiaining in the Army or Navy of the United States when needed, h.e.
12-Month Class Program Finals Abolished; l-Day Registration; Spring Vacation Out; Graduation May 3 First steps in a far-reaching program to place the Univer* sity's courses of instruction on a full war basis having Imf^n taken with the shifting of the academic calendar, a spedftl committee is now completing plans to institute contiittiotis University training to start after the closing of the seeoifid
semester in May.
Changes already in effect in the academic calendar m-
clude:
Final examinations for the present semester have be«h abolished. Classes will end Saturday, January 10. All must be in the office of the registrar by 4:30 p. m., January 10. Registration for the second semester begins Monday, Jhitnary 12; it will continue for two instead of the cnstoinaty three days. Students will start registration in alphabetic^ groups without regard to whether they have or have not. un^removed C and D' grades or are on probation. Distinguislle4 students of last June will as usual be allowed to register Monday at 8 a. m., a half hour before the first regular group. Second semester classes will start Wednesday, Jan. 14.
Spring vacation is cancelled.
The second semester will end Saturday, May 2, with any graduation exercises that may be retained scheduled for May 3, i
University To (Mir High School Piqi% Special Instractioi
Correspondence
Will Begin January H Beginning Jan. 12, with the open- ,1 ing of the new semester, the Uidversity will make a supervised correspondence course available to high school pupils throughout the state. This new educational service will help students desiring to ^t college preparatory work by giVin|r third semester high school algebra, solid geometry, effective writnig, elementai-y Spanish, and mechanical drawing courses to them, upon re-
quest.
Inauguration of supervised correspondence instruction is intended to aid high schools in need of a way to supplement their regular curriculum. Frequently students desiring to enter college are unable to do so because of lacking neqeesai’y credits. The new instructiop is intended to prevent this situatiofi.
Unlimited Enrollment
Courses such as mechanical drapr? ing, modern languages, and ad-
Blans for placing the University on a three-semester twelve-month instructional program will be announced as soon as they are completed. In a message sent to all staff members. President Elliott requested that t^e following points
be observed:
The decision to abandon the final examinations for the first semester was based upon the as- ^ sumption that the length of the instructional period would remain unchanged. This means in most instances no examinations will be given after the holidays except when they have already been announced, and in a few very exceptional cases which will be subject to the approval of the head of the division, school, or department concerned. Much more attention than usual will need to be given to all cases involving final non-passing grades, especially C and I grades. Pertinent information concerning illness and such factors can be obtained from the Dean of Men or the Dean of Women as the case
may be.
All first semester grades must be reported to the Registrar’s Office within a half-day after the last meeting of the class con-
cerned.
Abolition of finals recalls that an
Exponent poll conducted in June, •»-
, ., vanced writing will be available to on mue on page ) interested people regardless of thn
number concerned or the absened of a qualified teacher for the subject. Flexibility in terms of student interests and needs may be achi^vedL It is the purpose of these courses to care for the irregular pupil, io help the gifted child by providh]^ additional and more advanced woi$ for him, to decrease educations^, costs, to establish a department for which a teacher can not be alci^Uirdd.
Books To Be Furnished
Course material, prepared by the University will be sent to the principal of any school where there
they have completed th^ work re- pupils wanting to take advantage of quired for their college degree. the guidance with complete instrui?* Upon graduation, they will be tions. All textbooks and tests papers given a 30 day period of training, required will be furnished. GraSefe which if satisfactorily completed, tjg made out by the University makes the enrollee eligible for an course passed may be intensive three months course and cgpted for entrance to college. The a commission as an ensign, either subject will be $14.00.
Under the present plan, jail Instructional help to the pupO, yoiul local encouiagement, will comp from his correspondence teachejr. High school students interested itt this new feature may write “Coiiespondence Study Service” in
caie ofi^he University. c.f.h.
Naval Reserve Offers Deferment To Juniors, Seniors For 1-2 Years At present, the U. S. Naval Reserve is interested in enrolling 7,000 seniors ahd an equal number of juniors as prospective officers. Juniors and seniors who enroll will be placed on inactive duty until
deck or engineering, in the naval resei’ve. During this tialning period, they ai’e paid $30 per month the first month and $780 per year
the other three months.
Requirements aie: the enrollee must be a native boin, unmarried male citizen between 19 and 28 as of the date of enlistment, meet the physical requirements for ensign D-V(G) or E-V(G) and be scheduled to graduate fiom a four year course at an accredited university
befox’e the summer of 1943.
Pull information regarding the
President E. C. Elliott . . . leturned to the campus yesterday after spending several d^s 111 New York, whme he
'f|^ Pt^rdue^Exponent Tnesday,'januafy6,1942
rove
fr O't’
of:; America -
The great majority of American college students is ready for the U. S. air force to bomb Japanese cities, the latest national poll of Student Opinion Surveys of America re- ■ Much was said, before World War II earnestly got underway, about the advantages and disadvantages of dropping explosives over civilian population centers, but events of recent months and weeks have shown that bombing of cities has become an integral part
of modern war strategy.
A few days before the Japanese bombed Manila after it.had been declared an open city Student Opinion Panel Surveys completed a poll in which more than nine out of every ten students interviewed 'favored retaliation.’ No doubt feeling has flared still higher since the
attack on the Philippine capital.
an
air force bombing Japanese cities ?” Ajj^roVeP....(U:: i.;;...1 ..-.ry:..''hi<'/q : Approve, but military objectives orily..:.29% Disapprove 6% Undecided 2% The problems involved in singling out military objectives, of the geographical .diffi-^ culties of attacking the Japanese Islands from the air, are, of course;'hot taken up in this survey. All that is reflefeted is the general atl titudO'-of■■fcbUege' students, many ' bf'- whom; sinOe the’b?hiy;and nayy air corps'prefer'coi^ leg'e‘r‘trainod'',mpn,^;hre the potentialtpilptsiwhd will participate in the raids already promised
the Japanese.
Tt ,is .o!l^f interest to note a slight biit sig-<; nifleaht.^^i^fefepee, of opinion ramong colJogej. youth in the eastern Pnd yv'chtOrp 5 p^rts'^^^^^ the'country; jPerhapS it is the propinquity of ‘the-f^a:eifiO cOnflictfo westerners and realization of their own daiiger ffOrnHhe sky that
^Gfioraryj|e-£/ects
fli
By rDrew Pe^wson and Robert S. Allen
^ honorary fraternity, held its annual .discussion tournament at the Hotel Tuller in Detroit, Mich., from De- • cember -39 • to -31. • During ■ the meet- • ing Prof. P. E. Lull was re-elected national, vlge,-.president. ...fi^prge Lamb, ’31, was re-elected national treasurer.
Jlfee Ratio-
® 0
JPersekinii flot^s
L. Si ,U. Offers 1 Cliem
RhseaitK
Something new has been adc^ed! A new year, a new day, a new issue of Ye Expo, ANOk . . a new rule abolishing fliose little “queStion-
^naires” we U^e^ltdlbok forward to. ernoqnjyw.ards iyeyefor .the i.u£„I;L tu„4.
best
ment
and Wiiliam jPetersii'honorable Men tion, won for the University chap-
.jter.
•You :kriow—-those little things that;
Galiup up, to ykt l'bhd'
V’. •aou Know—rnose lune discussions, ddring the tourha- , V! ‘ . v ■ ? !. : Si i' i wo,uld even shove Doc ;. George YisMs,, second place,.-..M - i j
,a trfee;,'The boys used arid long about how nice it would be if we didn’t have finals. So “Eddie” “^o C^aus obliges—but what happens? ✓ . - T’Vin KnT7e ^rolT 'l<-»nr1ov nnr] Ihrircpi’
.The topic for discussipn ,was, , , , #{Mt Extent Should iihdiFederal The boys .yell jouder and longei
FBI Not^ 1i3 Be
'For Naval Disaster
At Fearl Harbor
Regulate pyiEaw The
B|am^<%Labbr uniyni’ V Thk^United,;'::,kk ..V'^ . , States,” first as a war measure and 'A few new things have been added second as a peace time policy, j.t.k. ,^ver at the Kappa hotel also. Name-
'^ly/'seyen rings during the vacation
WASH:Ih^GyON,,.Jan. 6.-iCertain
Of-fbose-Who ans^k^ered in the affirmative, :makes more of thOm'‘say;‘“'^omb Jap cities,.v:^|"|?®^®P ^ if i« ?Tniir»rt£int tri nnbit ont. n littlp Ip.ti.ci than hilt not indi.^priminatplv—OTilv military ob- l.lty PJ '
have been spreading the yarn that J. |;dgar,,HooYer.ari,d tfe.El^I wM’e
■West to blaMkfprfhe-Navy beiing-caught , - t t-, u.. ^5€% asleep on the memorable and tragic announcement by Miss Irene Feldt
:g5
it is important td point out, a little less than half spefeifiedLthat valt^ th(^ wdre in
fav<m of bomhiiig Nipponese urban centers,
quf-jfliers should make it a point' to strike at i^litary objectives only. This is how opinion qi^des;:' '' *" : ' ■ ' '' , ;:‘^OjyQu .approve or disapprove, of the.tU. S.
but not indiscriminately—only military ob-
jectives:”
. . -^East SAppifove of boihbihg cities :.65 % 'Military objectives only ......:27 ,
‘DisablJrbve .... Undecided
:: 2
. ;'^^iiry/«Craig, Margjie?Hahns, -Mary
'’SO.'^Srinled'a n^losi- J%?|s,>ecMyed tiob. ill the hirniri service deimt- baubles-from off campus :‘'Z: ment bf the Kokpmo Gas and * lauirht .Vbstk\cky, " *1”^ lauimi , Mqrton took Phi Gam Bdl Lancet’s.
The vliabpaS are'all bet rip,about
d^y.pf ,Dpcem)ier ,7. ^ ^ ^ -r Except Aatie Ade, who is ■'Real inside stoly ofi/this, hpw- p^cliard agreed to make them, but ^^111 wishfully hoping that Gene
ever, can now be tpld, namely that g^j^eral We^s to see what Ajdams will loosen up eventually.
:erasi‘ng;f(illow;outsidc,t]ie class.rooni.'ask ypu.an intcl'ligeiit question conccvnipg.,d unfamiliar, making for
i^^!^v^.!^]!'\n^!‘’^’’”®flffS“"Ahemew:tax,blll^passed)^^
■oiiur to he. This caused Part
;■ TIM'."Uobk has bfeen’ dealt a Severe blow. -When .word .reached us that tile fiinals had been Canceled,. We shTieked in agony and wrung pur hapds in despair. WeMad been planning to raise our grades in all. of t^c courses by several letters. Now all we’re going tri-have is an embarrassing low figure for. an index and an alibi.
After thinking abo.nt Jt though,:finals , jverc not without■ their assets. W-hen /the last big, exaniinatimi was over anti the last hair: had.been pulled;Out,there was ■ always that 'ibig iilpment' .of rplaxatipn when the answer sheet' was . carejessly .skidejed onto the instructors ;desk, sayirig-“^undgi.’ yourj^^'eath, “If I haven’t/put down hvhat I knew in three hours, I’m not likely to get it put down in three or four minutes
Hpoyer argued that Jqp.an didn’t need 250 consular agents in a little place like Hawaii in the first pldce. Itt-the secorid place fie odiiced concrete evjjdcppe that at least, one of them had tried to. get information on ■ U. S.-,fleet moyemehts.
Eroin .'-'.11 reports,,the special train was
t
get
Navy -Miwitjpns' Board )has .given .a ..chance to make that trip. An.yhigher I’aw material .priorities to,-Wny—:Shirl Murphy broke out'in American engines. a rash soon after the train left the However, the really big I'cason station. Since there was no poison fpr'iikckard’^'dela^ .was lack of ivy around; we’ll let you decide' m'aehine tools.Tt simply was lack of where it came from. Adele Cole was ■heeri,able tri foolaip'.'its plant-/-Gveii “lifted off her feet” by the “spirit” though ,eighteen' months' have of the occasion. Liter,ally! Ev.ident
Board of Supervisprs of LoVisiana;'//' State University and Ethyl Gasoline :/; , Corporation of Louisiana ha;t^'^:_ / tublislied two research,,fellowships,; in chemistry for the purpose'df/fInf* / theriiig the development'rif 'thd’i|e-‘ partment of chemistry of Louis|aria • State University by enabling .. its fgculty to select and support'/twp prpjnisjing graduate students w^O:. will enroll for the degree of rDrietpr pf philpspphy in Gheriiistry.;/-'I’he ; field fot, t^e researph is left to the choice ot the recipients. 1 The hol'der.v of the fellowsbips will receive $750 fbr the acadeiliic year.;In additipn, thh, department,'.of/ /chejnistry , wdl’.absprlly.the :Pp,?t;:pf materials requirecl'4n * research. "No departmental services will, be expected of the; recipierits nf thesq;ap* ppjntnieiits.. , " Applicants. ' sfioiilcl pi’eSpnt’; a tvgnscript of the official Wepprd/ pf work done, letters of recommendation, a recent photograph, and’references. Evidence of aptitude for original investigation 'will,be hplp,'fuh ‘Appiicatipns shpuld he ..ad-, dressed to R. L. Mervil, head of the ' department of chemistry,/Louisiaria 'state University, Louisiana before April l.'d.l.g. ' * ' . COMI’ANIES SCHEDULLJD TO
VISIT CAMI/US
Cuytise-Wriglit Corp., .Robeflsoh, Mi.s.Sfpuri. .lanuary 5 and.;6. Americiui.Loeomptive Co.,;^clieuectady, New Yorji, January/S. Sperry.Pi oducts, Hoboken, New Jersey, January 8 and 9.
jt .is not for .ourself ; hd'weyer, that yve 'are concerned because; of the War Council’sfaction. .It ist:he freshmen who will never have known what a final can be like that we feel for. Cel-tainly the new students will differ radically from the vetex-ans of reams of multiple confusion ordeals,, essay questions, 'apd'.true/(heads) and /false' (tails) disasters. Perhaps the.y Will eyeii .be pornial. .The Cork has never told many people, but that is exactly what makes •us so queer—-we were frigbteped by a.final when we wMe a freshman.
Generaal Short, .in command ab since.the fall;of ’France and ly, Bob Parsons “didn’t
like”
more.” This was always :fC)liowed 'by/th'c''uiiiv6r'§al' ..' j obiected• •, u . r'l i i...i, _ , , . , Wawaii, smee . lemoycu, -Ob^qctea ride. Ho got off at Cleveland in-
Of Women
arid perfectly justified.incentive to,go out and drink 4f, 'nl-iii .•Wp enPi it’ would - • , i o u ^ , rp, . sinful beverages . Woovei s plan. He.saicl it woum Qpjy steatl of Scfienectady. There’s
cause too much coniniption. Never- o^,/lends the fCllbwing measures to plenty more, but even we have our
Wi«i exit finals wili ' go'some oif the"pld stories ^ of war pro- T^e “Ge ,, • ■ . matter over,ueneral bhort's ■neact ;; ^ z v ^ West’^ had a lot to
that we wont have to listen .to again this, year, ^n>ashin .^on. Secretary such as-Uie at^ent that stay^ up/all night Studying' supported (jenerah^Shoi; tnr rhp ■nYirtl .Th/a ripvh: /iat/ .pri'-H thiin •+Mi*rino'h if . ■ .* . i • ' .
learn.
■ The newly formed University Chapter of the National Council of Women Psychologists has elected Prof. Harriet E, O’Shea as chair-
•—• . .Preshmeri' are going ,to‘ miss ,the' 'pre'-/final determiiiatiori trii'aniouijt'.lb..s'onibthihg't'gsplved while taking a droopy; pair/of eyes off the crammings for tomor-rp-W’s test., They will neyer know,'.the feeling eii-couiite^q'^-^Wlri'' -(vdliting to /class .that you know everytiri'ng Shout the course, only to have some glee
as we gripe ,.and are joyful at the same time, we ax^ happy;because we know that “we can do better
next semester.”
Dr,|,JI,. ^el|if Tpipeak At S^lgina Xl Meeiing
for the final the next day ^ then slept through it. anPnotiiin^^rdoi^ Or the various instructors’ pet formulas to prepare ‘ j^p^nfor a final; such as going to a Show the night before, ese consulate was taken over and Or the brapmg one that.complmned-that:he hadn’t j^g ^^^.g 3,arched: Among them looked at the text book b^re taking the test. ,^as found a code / of signals by ■ r- ■ i- ■ -iv u * * •, , j! r, ^ i , lights; so many lights would show Gone also-Will be, as we said before, the Cork’s ^ ' tt a j 4.' i i i ^4- , ^ ' ■ - , ■ , ■ . that the U. S. destroyers had left diances' to imprPve the accumulated you knmv what Harbor ; ^o many lights would ;by averaging ,in this semester’s small numbers; so i^djeate that the battleships had
left; another light arfangeiiieiit would signal that the destroyers
■■■.••. ■ - -: • .: ■ ■ ■ had returned; and so on. This code " ■'■■■ ■; • • completely corroborated . Hoover’s ' t .,//• contention that the Japanese conL&tt'Gir To £(i[l:tOr agents were the mainspring
of Japanese espionage. . .
- • ■ Note: Hoover actually caught
two Japanese spies red/handeJ in the United States, but was forced by tfie State Department ; to send them back to Tokio instead of placing them on trial. One was a full Japanese naval ' captain car^ht with U. S. naval documents in - his possession, and indicted on Hoover's evidence. The
1. Machine tools, like manpower, should be yegister^. 2. A government Machine Tpols Board would assign tools for most
effective, use.
.3. Tools and arms plants must go on a 168-hrinr week—every
hour-and every day of the Week. •
(trair
Uriiversity . chapter ,of ; Sigma Xi Pririi"Sir:
'will hold its ^^corid qp^ iectui’C of| Havirig just returned' from the the year' at 7:30 p.m. .W^nesday vei-5?‘ gratifying basketball' victory di: the lecture rooiii of SMnley.Coul- o'V'ei'/Michigan, on4 would think the
All. students have an opportunit.''- ter H,all. Dr. E. Loiyell Kelly,.of tfie,,,left little to be desired. Such to .wiri a trophy and a silver medal department of ' psychology, .will riot the case with this interested in /an;essay contest sponsored by speak on “Psychoiogical .Problems bystander; However, viny criticism Cer’es. There are two divisions in in the Selection and .Training of bus nothing to do' with'the'burich the;epntest,.one for the upperclass- Aircraft Pilots.”- of smooth performers that Piggy men arid one.for the freshmen. The Dr. Nelly has been directing re- Lambert has molded into a clever
trophies and silver medals ivill be search on pilot selhetiori and ti-ain-
awarded to the winners,by the Dick- i,-,g for the.NatioriahRes'earch Couii- Here’s the “gripe':*’ Toward the inspn;Sec,d;Company..' cil and the Civil Aeroriaut-iCs Au-of the 11940^41 basketball The essays written by the upper- thority ' for .the past three -years, sonic ingenuous' soul dreamed
classincn should contain ftom 1,1)00 Faculty, students, and toWnspedplc. ’”?
to 1,-500'ivords, and those written by are invited to attend the meeting. ;®'bperS .Cheer. T^ yell wqs the freshmen from 500 to 1,000 ' ■- wel received and provoked con:^-
'i I I ‘ ' rs t erablc notice m. nowspajiers, of the AIMuSI •'Gain.llJa Rho , ,^nbian;a'prilis/'and 'GhicagZ.ai•eak— ■ ■ even if some of the accounts were, ■ . . . social fraternity, announces to say the very .Jea'st,-a‘trifle niudthe initiation of Dale Liggett, South died up and incorrect. Yes, even Bend; James Hardesty, Hanljet; one of the New York City chronFloyd Bass, New Augusta; Ross Me- icles gave, the thing a linepr two.
Kec, Kcntlajid; Robert Stormont;
'4. A, new program to ti^ain labor tix manufacture machine tools.
• Strange Doings
Some things happeriing in Washington in the name of defense just
don’t make sense.
The Securities' and Exchange Commission and the Rural 'Electrification Adniinistratioii are two permanent Govemnient agencies niak-: ing real cbntributioris to the conduct of the war. Hardly a day goes by that the SEC is not called on for otherwise unobtainable corporate and financial data for ,the placing of wqr drdrirs.;In many otherAv.ays it is assisting the war program.
Ted ‘.'Coily” Theodose wasted no time after getting back in planting his Theta Chi pin on Mary Green of the Phi Mu house. The next thing on his gift, list is a box of eigai’s. Did “Low-life” Adams put you up''to that to sell some of those picture books they call Debris over there, Ted? Congratulations any-
way, folks.
Nbt to be outdone, Ppggie Davis finally was presented with a Naval Academy miniature from her,man at Annapolis. At,least she’s doing her part to keep the fleet’s morale up. Now all we need is someone to keep the fleet up. »
man. The Metropolitan New -York chapter, first chapter formed, is giving first aid courses in “psyelirilogical first-aid” to aid the country during the national defense. ..Other chapters are being formed where there are enough women psychologists available.
Dr. Roy .C. Now.ton ... a member of the University chemistry stafi; aftcr..JWorld ,War I, was honored recently'.wlien liZp.ov.trait was placed in ^lie Hall of Fame at Oklahoma A. & 'M. College. Newton i.s now vice-president in charge of chemical research of Swift^ and Company.
On interviewing some .of the bqys' ■who experienced blackouts during vacation, all Dwight Zeller could say was “Wow!” Ted Shead sup/plied us with: "Those lucky girls!” Incidentally, he got a season ticket.
In addition to eonstahtly furnish-; beauty parlor for Christmas
/ ■' ‘ Irom one of his many admirers. ' ,
U Words. The subject inrist'pertain to soriae.phas'e of'agrorioiriy, arid must . be turned in/to'Prof. F. E. Robbins by noon, Monday, J/an. .12. Some of the.topics suggested are: “Topdfessing Wheat,” “Soybeans on In-
;. other was a Japanese language ■ student attached to the Japanese Embassy who was caught among the 37 Axis spies who were indicted in New. York through Hoover’s effort.s. However, the State Department ordered his immediate release. His nahie was not even relea,sed to the newspapers. » No. 1 ‘War Bottlenipck On the surface, rii'ost’important resuits of the Churchill-Roosevelt conversations were plans for lyar strategy in the South Pacific .and Russia, plus formal declarations for
Behind the
Conservation ”' “D^Vdomiient ^of ^^"Gapd; Robert . Stormont; So far .as I know the yell has not 'future cooperation.
Soil Drainae-p '” “The Plucp of Al- ^^’b’Ceton; Richard Rector, Ander- beeri used during a kin'gle orie of the scenes, however, almost equally im- " ’ /Velpiar .Davis, Corydon; Wil- scheduled hardwriod games this sea- portaiit was some ,tough : talking
iiaiii'Rothenberg’ef/'MulbeVry; How-, son. iWliat is tlie: trouble ? .Is it just wliieli Lord Beayerbrook did, about
ard Diesslin, Laporte; and
“The Place of Al-
alfa in the Rotation,” and “How.
Legumes,Improve the Soil.”
•Or/
ing crack power engineers to var ious war agenciys, the REA is op-P crating'; and 'building rriany power// plants for Army; Navy and Marine, camps, and War industries. ' ' ' Also the two agencies are ;' among the mostjqutstan^jhg New ; Deal achievCrtients, created'only after lorig and bitter battles that made political and legislative his--tory ill the i930’s. Time and ; again the Presiiderit ha.s proudly ; acclaimed the SEC and REA as two of the greatest rcfqrms of -
his administration.
Yet, uiider an order cpukqd up by /iipdercoYcr pro-utility elements in the Budget liurcau, SliC and REA will be .rnoveil kit and kaboodlc hundreds of miles ap ay
frqrti Washingion.
While their utility lobby , i'oes
To Victory
in 'f^2!
G. E. MAZDA lamps HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
the plain apathy? We think not. Is it the sloWricss.of American industrial
pledging of Ralph Howes, LaPorte, the .sludeiit body, the checr'leadei's production. . . .. and Jim Harper, West.Lafayette, ' or som.e;othcr reason ? We.think.the Bcaverbrook’s lecture has now led snipe at them. ' / blaipe may be laid to'the/former, to concrete plans, for strict govern- Capitol hill, and whil.e Gie War ;Lt.-,CQl> C.'N> l.ry" ;J^.ut, ,be ;thatMs it may,'! think I ment supervision of the most vital Nayy,Departments,.0PM and '. i .' EE ’16,;United/.Statos''A'r'my Gie opinion'of the 6;700 defense bottleneck—-the machine pfagencies will be seriously
... HE.'JO, is the new head of the
home economics departmerit for .
Swift ajid''Conipariy in Kansas City, Engineers, died in Washington, Pui’duyians .when I ask-that the Kan.’ Uridrii' the name of “Martha p. C., December-11 at the age of Engipeers Gh^er be ducted off Logan” 'she' Will conduct a daily 50. Gdl. Iry wa.^ a member'of the used some .more. Get on the radio program. Georgann, a Ghi AIEE, Tau Beta'Pi and Eta .Nappa beam, Yell Leaders. Omega,;Wfs,.<toed editor of the Ex- Nu. He was stationed at Fort Bel- Yours 'Sincerely for Purdue, pone.nt;,, voir,-Va. prior to his death. . A loyal Boilermaker.
tool industry.
The Machine Tool section of 0PM has prepared a report showing that not more than $1,250,000,Opb of new machine tools Will be produced in 1942, whereas the war effort will require at least
hampered in obtaining the valuable services of SEC and-REA, they will be stuck far away in makeshift of-
fices.
(Copyright, ;j942,/by 'United Feu- ’■* ture'SyridiChte';-Tnc:)
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
10c PAUL'S PLACE 10c
Beef Steak Beef Barb>Q Home Made Chili Pork Tenderloin Furnas Icc Cream Phone 2645 We Deliver
All-Amorican
j^^rsd as sMqpd class matter at. Jh:ieve(ist..pfliCfiJn,Lafa);c(:to, I»(iian».;Hn‘ler 4the act.of Congress
of Majrqh. 3,/ 18.79, and at the/special, rate of-postage prpvided for in ^ectiqn ,1103, act ,pf October 3,
19)7; ailthorizi^ January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monqa
jay dufirig the regql.ar academic year
and weel^b' during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub-
t^crjptiops, $4.09.
Ne.HIf £i)Uor. Spshc/gditoi..
-Ned A. Ochiltree Business ManSger. . ..John.Is Trnueott,. Managing;.Editor..-. .. Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..Iceland-.W. Ituifner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff
Editorial SUIT: F. A mus. J. Id. Arnisirung, D. T. Brgpby, Ui( L. ^luciUy, V. 1. JuiHs, K, G. Kioptr. Bpolkit Staff: O. T.. Cliirii, J. 0. Fraser, J. S. Keeler, Coed Bl^ff: ,Mury K. Boynlon. Alice Cbatfielci. Jane Kumsde)). ” - - *
.».!
rr
Business 3faff Coed Business Manager; Donna Siess; Office Manager; Lue ■Bosso'ng. ’ Local Advertising Managers: K. 1C. Gjemre. R. E. Saxton; CircuUtioh Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. . n. Millard. jHilior.Cofd Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Prances Lloyd, . Julia Martin.
;Monn:.lbjRririltl iHdifiutlnlsts, 40Q5; Sports, 2192 4' .BditarUI After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented tor national advertising by .National Advertis.ing Seryice, Jnc.,, College .Publishers .Reuresentatives, AM Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
■Staff for .This Issue
UjMtOr i tA'mfctWrong 'lliajri/gdilor: Chatlleld
HyvrU, i^diiar: -JCecler
Issue Editor: Kimbrell U. Schneider, J. Davis
.ftaporters: C. Wattieworth../G, Starr, C. Hass, C. Wilbur, 'j. Slone, H. Eckstein, D. Oiaspie. J. Grohraan. W. Dvorak,
$2,350,.000,000 of them. “Unless this amount is made available,” the OPM report states, “xve may expect the arms production to be ' dangerously inadequate until mid1913 or into 1944.” The Army-Navy Munitions Board also estimates that Germany now has under its control (not couixtirig, Ja)xan) at least 700,000 machine tools less than 9 years old; while, this country has only 520,000 less than 10 ycai's old. Furthermore,... Gei'ixxan tools were built fox’ w;upurp.oses,most of oui's for peace-, tinxoc
■Here's to a'Happy and Successful '42!
,Dr. A. M. Irion -—■DENTIST-/ 119’/i' Northwestern A^o. fh.onc 4965
rc
• Slo’w Rolls Royce To emphasize what layk of ma-f : oliine tools.,has meant, it .can he; p.ointed out that the fanious Itolls ■ Royce airixlano motors which Pack-i-. ard contracted to, build in the spring' x pf 1940 have only been delivered to'; the, extent of about 100 engincs..'4 And it is now 1942. These are tlxe motors which Hen-/, x-y Ford j-efused to manufacture at the time of the fall of France, be-.
-HARPY NEW YEAR!
.Everything for a College Education .DEAC’S
IHE MOST THRIlliMG AOVtHTURE HIM OF THE YEARJ
BRUCE WO.T’- GEORGE SANDER! ''•SIR'.,GEPRIC HARDWICKE
TODAY - WED.
2 HITS
It takes a girl with SmeufiKaiioH
SHEIOON LEONARD ''BARBARA AlUH,^ ,
EDWARD JO^OPHY - WARREff IrM J /' ; OlIMlM «y tUOEm roinr . A f»lm««irt,wiXur*li
/f i!
(I 'I ■a'pmmniing*.. 'Sii X-A4
Msl,CQmia
Jc^n Conrad
»By Sheldon Watson John Conrad, a senior Ag. student, is the,boy that “Piggy” Lambert looks to *wheii an able substitute is needed. Johnny is a guard on thip yca'r’a varsity and won p letter last year for his relief perfornianeesl W-est Point,'^Ind'Uina claims Conrad as a local son a'nd he won foUl^ letter.S in bdth basketball and baseball at West Point High. His 165 pounds are distributed ovei a 5 foot lOj/- iu<?h frame. ‘?Connie’s” favorite ^port is of course basketball. Bowling and bridge are his indulgences during leism'e hours. Softbpll is also a pastime that he enjoys. Last summer he pitched the Journal Courier softball team to the championship in the Lafayette independent spftball league. Some of his team mates on this team were Bob Riley, of basketball faipe, and Bob Johnson and Bob Chester, of gridiron fame. Aftet practically bribing Johnny, we finally found out that his favorite band is Guy Lombardo’s. As a favorite song, he prefers “Elmer’s Tune.” Ice cream and plenty of it satisfies his sweet tooth. As to gilds, “Connie” was a little shy, but team mate “Horsey” Riley put us “in the know.” “Horsey” told us that coeds 'didn’t- have a chance with Conrad. Brunettes that are “just right” are preferred by John. One that fits this description woi ks in the Accounting Depaitment, so Johnny has taken a sudden interest in accounting.
Members of the gymnastic team of the Purdue Gymnastic Club are Strenuously putting the finishing touches on their exercises this week in preparation for the highlight gymnastic meet of the season which will be held this Friday night at the University of Chicago. Dr. Floyd Eastwood, /sponsor of the club, has helped considerably in foimulating the club into a competing team. Boilcimakeis who are expected to compete aghinst the University of Chicago are Co-captain Seth Andeison, Co-cgptain Frank CorHese, Ed Gruis, Dave Moirisen, Wayne Brown, Fred iTurner, Lewis Ware, Don n Haase, Ray Kasnia, Warren Eviston, Fred Speyei, and Wally Pozer, Jr. The Chicago varsity gym team will include the Shanken twins of which one of them IS the defending national intercollegiate all-around champion. A large crowd is expected to view the meet since it will be the first gymnastic meet of the season foi any of the 'Big Ten schools. Erwin Beyer, former national intercollegiate all-around champion is the varsity gymnastic coach at the University of Chicago. The team will leave the Fieldhouse at 2:00 p. m. Fiiday afternoon.
Win f^r
€aities Vacatioii
Three ^ collegiate foes went down before ithe .Boilermaker basketball machine during vacation: Butler, Texas A. and M. and Chicago. These, added to the total for the season, make six consecutive coilegihte victories and one defeat by Great 'Lakes Training ^tatioiji. ‘ — —
. . . won his major “M” last season on Michigan’s seventh place crew and is a 180-pound forward who stands six feet, two inches. He and Mandlei were both all-city players in Chicago high school circles aritl this season finds Mel fighting for a slot on the starting team.
Swim Stars Await
Bowling
Butler was .fhe first to Tall, at their own fieldhouse in Indianapolis, with a score of 5034. This, game proved to be the closest of the vacation series though the Bulldogs were never closer than one point behind. A biilliant spui't fit the finish provided an extra margin of points as the Butler boys were aggi’essive and threatened to take over the lead several times. 'Beat The Tall Boys New Year’s Eve furnished the setting for a lout of the tall Texas Aggies, 56-31, under a display of typical Hoosier ball playing. Although the Texas quintet was stubbornly defensive Purdue managed to steal the b'all frequently to scoi'e on long passes and easy shots which boosted the percentage of baskets
hit nicely.
A Big Ten opponent, Chicago, was the last to fall with a very onesided score, 64-19. Though the Maroon team tried hard they wereHotally incompetent against the
Purdue reserves
i^eo Dcfy/e
^trong Riveters. ^ were all given a chance to prove
Intramural Meet
An Intramiual All Star Swimming Meet will be held this Thursday at 4:15 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool. Only those men who finished first 01 second in an event in the Fiateimity, Ward or Cary Hall swimming meets have been invited to paiticipate. The winners of this meet will each leceive an all-stai rating and a plaque similar to those awaided to the all-stars in other sports.
The final competition in the Women’s Bowling Touinament will be played today at 7:00. All soror-” ities should have then teams present. The schedule is as follows: Phi Beta Phi vs. Alpha Xi Delta. Phi Mu vs. Chi Omega. Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Alplia" Chi Omega. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Delta Gamma.
tiieinselves and apparently showed strength judging from the score.
► Another Year 1942, The first column of the new year. Nobody seema vitiing many predictions for the coming year, but if we had a geme and a magic lamp and two wishes we’d ask for a quick Allied viiftbEjrrittlBd another Big Ten hardwood championship for Purdue. Although the first wish may be a little out of the question for this year, the seeood is of a more concrete nature and is completely within the rcalih who call themselves Boilermakers, providing (with, great empBh#}^) that these same persons are willing to work for it—-to put their hearts into it. This means you, and ourselves, and especially the band of feuys Who wear the satin pants at game time. For its going to t^e a lot better brand of basketball than they’ve shown up to date to win over such op and coming teams as Minnesota, Illinois, and, just Saturday tiigbt/'&hiw State. But may we be the one right here and now to shy we thhik they can do it—do it if by nothing else than by sheer fight and deterimnation.
^ Get Awake Gang—Open Up
Wheie do the rest of us come in? By doing just exactly like w« didn’t do last night, and giving out with a‘little of the noise for which Purdue games are famous all over the nation. It’s just like a shot mi adrdnalin to the team and wins games about as often as Piggy bert’s strategy. ► iWhat Went On There? A lot of fans were woi^dering just what was happening! early iittlie second half when the Boilermakers backed up to the 10 second and settled down like a CIO strike gang. It was all for one Handler’s benefit. The tall Wolverin’e was murder to the Boilermaker short passing Attack around the basket. The only shot they could get wereTrdm thd side qr back court. ‘What to do? Back Menke up to the line and puli Handler out with him. But Coach Oosterbaan was kind of'like^ Doug Hills was a cou^ple of years ago in the famous Illinois stall game and kept the boys back. ]fcverything the gang tried fell into waiting Wolverine hands.
American Flag Etiquette
■J
. . . alternates at guard and foiward for Benny Oosterbaan’s Mieh-
acultv BowIihq ^ who has * ^ already won one major letter, tow-
ers two inches above six feet and scales in at about 165. Le*b, in ad
LEAGUE standing
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Agricultural Extension ^Executive Animal Husbandry Physics Agricultural Experiment Station Daily 2 English Dairy 1 Horticulture 1 Agnculluiibl Chemistry 3
dition to Captain Bill Cartmill, Hel 13 Comin and the clever Jim Handler,
Know why the flag wasn’t raised last night in the regular mmmoir? Accoi'ding to Athletic Director Mai Elward, Colonel D, M. Beei'o, and T., offered the suggestion that raising the flag at night is not in accordance with the best military etiquette, so from now on the flag will already be proudly waving when the game-prqeeding national anthem is played. ^ No Golden Gloves For Duration Boilermaker boxing coach Joe Benna informed us last night that the high moguls of the local Golden Gloves tournament will not hbW tbo meet this year, nor “for the duration.” According to 'Joe, there' arbft*t enough boxers around Lafayette not in the army to put up a good’toutnament. ' It’s a tough blow to the Boilermaker defending champions and others who have lopg been Working for this year’s show. They still’have a good dual meet schedule ahead of them, though.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
GREETING 6arDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Dniversity Book Store
* Across From Union Sammons ’29 “Doc” Eppio MO
To Vicrory in '42!
DR. M. P. LORD .DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg. P
Here's to a Happy and
Successful '42!
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 State
USE® & NEW
I t'-'S ' fX \ 1} 'v'T iri ObR lXyaway plan
RESERVE GOOD USED BOOKS NOW! A sihall deposit will hold any books until second semester classes begin
1o CASH FOR YOUR USED BOOKS - or V ? ' >• 60% IN TRADE for books in good condition that will be used next
semester.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
(Aero^is From Union) M. C. “Rod” Sammons, ’29 R- W. “Doc” Epplc, ’40
Poultiy
Agronomy General Engineering Mechanical Engineeiing Recitation Civil Engineering
Speech
Chemistry 1 General Stores Chemical Engmeciing Forestry Agricultural Engineering Electrical Engineering 2 Pharmacy Chemistry 2 Agiicultural Chenoistiy 1 Horticulture 2 Electrical Engincciing 1 Agricultural Chemistry 2 Highway Research Biology ' High Team 3ets Agi leiiltural Extension Executive Dairy 1 ^ / General Stores High Team Games Agneultural Extension Executive ^ Agricultural Engineering Management I][igh Individual Sets
15 is one of the four lettermen that will comprise the nucleus of the Wolv18 erine quintet this year. Never strong !<) on scoring, Doyle is a polished passer and is regarded ag dne of the 20 most improved men on the squad.
Students Throng To Fieldhouselce As Mercury Bounces Around Zero loile
7 00 7.46
' By Sheldon Watson , ’ IM Schedules Again this winter, the caretakers of our Fieldhoake ftave
taken care to initiate their slick ice rink idea. 'When’thfi winds came out of the north as we were on vacation, ^^the Fieldhouse crew sprayed smooth, glassy coats of-water, qlKlite. idle tennis courts back of the Fieldhouse. As atresult of'tk^T untiring efforts, the entire student body now has a place to display their figure eights and so on. ^Cheap skates are wel-
come also, because there is no .
2544 2476 2451 2375
7 00 7 16 8 00
Ol') 848 8S5 827
7:00 7:15 8 00 8 15
Miingcr
Lehkcr
Smith, M
Dixon
G14 676 565 560
7:00 7 15 8.00 8:15
SQUASH
Courts 1, 2, 3
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Nil
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Alpha'Tau
Omega
Phi Gamma Delta vb. Phi Kappa
Alpha.
BASKETBALL Court 1—Gates
Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 14 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 15 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 12 WaicI 2 vs. Ward 3
Court 2—Zehiiiig
Cary Hall 8 \s Cary Hall 10 Cary Hall 9 vs Caiy Hall 13 Ward 34 vs. Ward 22 Ward 36 vb. Ward 30 * Court 3—Eaffetry Caiy Hall 1 vs Cary Hall II Beta Theta Pi vs Lambda Chi Alpha. Waid 30 vs Ward 27. Ward 9 Vb Ward 26.
Court 4—Borman
Ward 11 vs. Ward 6 Waid 25 Vb Ward 21 Ward 31 vs. Waid 24 Phi Kappa Pbi vs Pi Kappa Phi
charge for this wholesome recreation.
Facilities foi changing skates in the Fieldhouse are now available One bright lad has set-up a popcorn concession and apples can be purchased for a slight nominal fee. Many students have torn them-
zero mark. Degrees are Torgotten by the skaters, it’s either the love for the sport that'keeps them out, or they just don’t have enough sense to come in out of the cold. That’s a debatable subject. It was so cold out in back of the* Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon that even .^he
selves away from their studies to icicles were frostbitten.
High^ Individual Games Muilgei Leliktr
WiU
Hoiideiaon
Dixon
High Team Set To Date Physicb High Team Game To Phybicb-Recilation-Agr Ext ® High Weekly Individual Game Munger High Weekly Ind. Sets To Date Stuckey Munger Spencer High Weekly Ind. Games To bate Stuckey
Knoll
Munger
4621
To Victory in '42!
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
take advantage of this cold spell, but the ice isn’t overcrowded as yet. Some possible Sonja’s or Jaffee’s have shown their skill on Purdue’s icy court. After classes in the afternoon, they don their sleek blades and race madly up and clown the ice
An odd assortment of people can be found over on the ice rink. Most of the sorority girls that wander over that way do not really go to skate. Their main objective is to show off a new skating outfit or to show off a figure. (Not of the
as the thermometer bounces on the numerical species). Then of course there are the big muscle bound lettermen who go to pickup (everyone
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Here's to a Happy and
Successful '42!
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD 1. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg!* 4th and Main St. LafaytUe
falls now and then) a coed dr4wo. Another type is the studious rhipe who takes his slide rule over so that he can figure ^out the’ pteo|3h ' load the ice is capable of supporting. All m all a most enjoyable tip^o is had at Purdqe’s i(ie‘ar#p». Ql^l your girl and take her skating, it^s a slick idea. s.a.w.
IF Y6U WERE THE BOSS
Which would you Hire? We know that clothes do not make the man, but they go a long way in Getting Attention.
Get the Imbit of looking your best—have your clothes Crown cleaned regularly.
Here's to a Happy and
Successful *42!
KEEP YOUR HQMl NEAT ANOATTRACTlVt-WUH ACE IVllNTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE
John ^p«fb ’t
822-2A Main $».
ffis: tfif
Crown Laundry
HAPPY NEW
YEAR! . - f ?
GlhLESPirtL, I Dishes SiW«fW«i« jilassware Cookinji Utonsih Dinios Room |t Z21 Columbia Sr. Rfcolio*1
4
Purdue E:^6n^nt
kvv
Ag Conference ■'■ (€oiitinucd from page 1)
it'.''
|5|^S'
Lif .
,'f CjlilUt4 Important dinner mcctins Wed-
lamiMtT -7, Bt the Bct« hodsc at
StIS Jti4 m. Atransremchta for bus trip to w - — - • - - ”
To Offer New Course
will be made then. Everyone to ffo must be there.-Very short
Itiaetititf;- Bmcmbcr 25c fine tor_ nbii-at-tcfid«liee. .JOHNSON
To Te^cli Winter 6olT Classes In Fieldhouse
Next semester the physical education department for women will offer several courses in connection
in"Rimm Tw^of With national physical preparedness.
A new course, PEW 07, will be
; Practice in main part o£ offered by the department for tHe ^ • GOni- first time. The course will offer -■
ii*W«*n thb Olficera: Mecring Tuesj^y,
jMhai^' 8, at 4:80 p. m,
thb’-Vnion.
showing before he is taken on a na-tion-wide tour. The following day at the Alumni luncheon he will be on display in a special box stall at
the Agricultural Engineering Build- Golfing practice for anjr members • of the student |}ody who are interW. E. Graham, superintendent of ested -v^ill start this afternoon in the conference, has arranged a pro- the sub-basement of the Fieldhouse gram designed to interest the farm- from 1 to 6 p. m. Anyone interested er, his wife and children as well as in learning the fundamentals of
*t«,Sc i* thrte. • -uui-u .U.. e„„.. .uc- 4V.U uu.e « staff members aud other interested golf is irivitM tO come dowh to the
full hour ci-edit for junior and sen- , f
persoms. basement to practice. An address of welcome by Dr. E. These sessions will continue un-
C. Elliott will , open the initial gen- til the first of March. The main
of these practices is to
Meeting Tuesday, Jan. 6, at.7:30 I. - jfi;-In room SOB of the Union. , ! —CALLAHAN
Last night's Western Conference
basketball scores:
Indiana, 38;; Wisconsin, 34. Purdue, 36; Michigan, 18. Iowa, 53; Chicago, 39. Northwestern, 49; Minnesota, ^8. Cosmo Clubs Convene
ior women who wish to continue systematic participation in physical
activities.
.^AH Stadenlai.AU pTcscriptions to be flHe(l
IfT; tfre ,Apothecary must be received not , « . erai aessiuii witti ngiicuieure r.'ean nuroose litrt jthfcn 4 p. m. Monday through Friday. Sports SUCh as bowling, fencing, TT T oFi- , „ i , ted .T^ n:30 m m. on Saturday. All pre- .nnrlovn rlnnoA lifo H. J. Reed presiding, on Monday aft- show the fellow who has never |c«ptiobs-mu^t.bec^^^^ badminton, modeii) dance, hfe say- ernoon at l:30 p.m. Following the handled a club before, how to play in;thc Apothecary, ot the School of Phar- jng; and Danish IiymnastlCS will be . , t-. J -rr ^ ^ oiuu oeton-, Iiuw vu. pmy
. Sirnia DeHa Chi Members: Will all per- i nrrnno-oH aims Who still-have Rassle tickets out re- ■ ® aiiangea
ing and Danish gymnastics will be offered. The hours for meeting will
at registration and
president. Dr. T. K. Cowden, agri- go]f,
cultural economist, will discuss “In- Two Driving Ranges
— - “ . . , . ... , , flatlon—“-IVhat Is It ? Dr. E. C. mih—ba^pment of the Field-tarn-.than or the money immediately to mo. there will be an,attempt made to , , . .. . me sun Dasement oi rne rie -ADAMSON ^ Young Will lead a panel dism^^^^^ house iS equippe^d A^ith two driving
on Pioblems Ahead, the general each having a capacity theme at the initial session. two men. Besides the ranges,
Monday and Tuesday, Jan. 12 and jg ^iso a'fnii-ror which is used
13, will be the days for youth as determine brie’s form. This mirrural young people from all parts is placed to allow the golfer-
wiirbroffererorWedn'esXv fi-om into it and see if he Is using will oe oneiec on Wednesday iiom economic sessions will be held Tues- o+o
1 to 4 p.m. and will receive one hour credit. Miss Mai’ion Russell, who
StftdCPl Whr Council: Meeting Wedne.sfiiy, jBTi." 7, at 7:30 p. m. in the .senate :^icc; , -DIBOS AIl ’Milltary Students: There will be no 3t-ho'urs, y-hours, or corps day during the ^cek'of Jan.’ B-10. An other classes will Bs scheduled. ' —GRAHAM ■'igtaidant Senalc: Short meeting Tuesday, ■Jan. 6, at 7:S0 p. m. in the senate office.
—DIBOS
. All Military Jtttiidra: All reconnaissance dasses tne.cting 'Wed., Thur.sday, and Fri., Jah.'7i ;8, and 9, n-ill meet in the Ficldhohsc ai the east door. . -MESSERSMITH
a variety of activities may be offered for each class meeting. A first aid course will be offered for those who wish to qualify for a standard Red Cross certificate. It
All .Military Students: All students liav- ■ iHg'a^epces in, drflis may' make them up ■ during Weeks of Jan. 14 to 27, incl. Credit fDt.^^thcse make ups will be given in 1st . semester grades for students -with C or I StiadaS due to absences, all others will re-
dWVc credit on their 2nd .seme.stcr grades, for the COUl'Se. J.r.
TWO period for make up will be determined by countin^r all regular school ♦eelcs between Dec. 8 and Jan. 27 except*
of Jan. 5 to 10, incl.
.-i; . —GRAHAM
No tests this week
ill Soc. 7B, divisions B, D, & G and Soc. 17SA. ri —SMITH fiidepcndent Staff; Dog for the paper will :Tt€^up in.the PIA office at four this afler'tfioric Everybody please conic up and get ,il»ur assignment. There is a paper this week arinounced before the Christmas vacation even if the semester docs end licfore •a comes out, —SMULEVITZ * Triton; No mooting Tuesday, Jan. 5. • —ROSENCRANS : tTndc^gradaatc Dames Club; There will be .« i?iceting Tuesday, January 6, at 7:30 m» in room 261 of the Union. Prof. Amy : Bloge Will speak on-“Table .Setting,”
—YOLLMER
be iieiu i, UBS- correct posture, etc.
day, Wednesday and Thursday, Jan. pj.ivers and other clubs can be
will be the instructor is a Qualified afternoon and eve- checked out for practice at the inwii betlieinstiuctoi, is aqualihed ning will be the occasion of the ninth tramural check out room Harry
Red Cross first aid examiner. annual sportsmen’s conference. 1, *^ the
Recreational leadership, open to PnWfainm^ni. Alspaw, tne goii coacn, says tnac
all sophomore, junior, and senior other outstanding features of the
women is a fundamental course for outstanding tea tines 01 tne ^ practice sessions will not only
women, IS a lunaainentai coiiise tor . R
anyone interested in leadership training. There are no prerequisites
N. W. Shock Receives Research Assignment Dr. Nathan W''. Shock, Sci ’26, has been appointed senior psychophysiologist in the National Institute of Health of the United States Public ^
on Tuesday morning, Jan. 13, and the state entertainment festival, that everiing; an illustrated lecture on corn production in South America by John Strohm, assistant editor of Prairie Farmer; and the departmental and state agricultural associations’ programs which will be in progress all five days of the conference. In addition, evening entertainment programs have been
riOns Underway ] (Continued from page 1)
Health Service, and has been placed in charge of the experimental program on problems of ageing at the Baltimore City Hospital, Baltimore,
Mel.
Dr. Shock was formerly assistant professor of physiology in the: Medical school and research associate in the Institute of Child Welfare at the University of California.
;1939j, indicated that 47 per cent of ' th?,Uluversity faculty.favored elimiiiating final examinations and deiterrijining, the semester grade entirely by class work plus a series of ^rtests,:during the semester. As a previous poll bad indicated only 27 per "eerit.'in favor of abolition of finals.
State organizations will cooperate with the University at the conference. Participants in the programs include staif members of the University, farmers, and rural homemakers in Indiana, 32 representatives from Washington, D. C. and seven states. The chief consideration facing the conference will be the war-time problems now facing or likely to face Hoosier rural
people, g'.w.s.
receive good exercise, but will also learn something about a great
game.
Frosh Call Out Next Week Though the regular golf season does not commence until April 20, Coach Alspaw will call out all freshmen golf aspirants next week sometime. Since there are six matches after May 3, when the seniors graduate, suitable replacements will have to be found for the five seniors who play upon the varsity golf squad, j.f.a.
Classified Ads
Given Supplies Music p„,H.MToHo.d Position
At Cary Dance Friday
Cary Club has announced that its education and applied psychology, next dance, which will be held Fri- has been named to the executive day night, will be held in both ball- committee of the Indiana Historical
• ft definite trend toward the present ^^e Union to the music of Society for the coming year. He is inqve was evident. Given and his orchestra fi'om one of the organizers and a leader ''Tbri action of the Executive Com- 9 to 12- intheworkoftheTippecanoeCouii'inkiee on January 26 in making the Although carrying no .specific ty Historical Society and started scbedulc changes was similar to oame the dance is unique in that this activity in 1925 when he Wrote that undertaken by a major part of conducted as a reversal of the pageant celebrating the Cententho .Ration’s educational institu- t^o Gold Digger tradition with the nial of Lafayette and Tippecanoe : ticins'at about the same time, both hoys furnishing comic or senseless County which caused the historical teehiiicaTand academic colleges hav- ^or their dates. The dance marker to be placed in the courting ..begun progi’ams to accelerate he informal, g.w.s. house yard in Lafayette, c.d.w.
fb^ir training programs. '
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff. 605 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Typing: Got those reports in on time. Expcricnc(5d stenographer. Standard rates. One-day..service. 242 Littleton. Phone 3442.
Foreign studerits representing some 20 different countries attended the sessions of the biennial convention of the National Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs held at the. University during the holidays arid passed resolutions to continue the cause of world-wide education. Establishment of a fund to help foreign students continue studies in this country, and financial aid to other countrips for rebuilding their educational facilities after the war
were recommended.
Professors Smith, Schwinger Present Papers At Princeton Doctors Julian Schwinger and R. N. Smith, of the University physics department, have recently returned from Princeton University where they presented papers before the annual meeting of the American
Physical Society. U
. Smith reported on a new type of nuclear reaction which lie discovered, and Schwinger discussed his new theory of nuclear forces which he introduced some time ago. Schwinger’s theory, ■ concerning what the press has termed the “master-mesotron,” deals with a nuclear particle with twice the inass of the ordinary mesotron. Many phenomena, including action of cosmic rays, can be explained by the theory. In an exclusive seminar held after the genei’al meeting at Princeton, Einstein and Pauli, noted physicists, complimented Schwinger and emphasized the importance of
this work, w.g.h.
Michigan Falfs (Coritinued from page 1)
with his unorthodox shot for an even 10 points. Sophomore A1 Menke showed up at the right place at the right time enough times to overshadow this total by two points. The game started slowly with the Boilermakers passing the ball for nearly two minutes before Menke tallied an over the head shot. Cap^ tain Cartmill retaliated with a pivot and Mandler batted one in to give the Wolverines a 4-2 lead. Mandler hit again under the basket and Menke hit a pair of charity tosses when fouled by Doyle. Mac-. Connachie hit a free toss to make the score 7-6, the last score by the
Wolverines in the fii'st half. Mandler Out On Fouls
Coach Bennie Oosterbaan removed Mandler from the game after he committed his third foul. Menke and Tierney got the ball rolling with buckets a piece. Blanken hit a girder, scraper and Sprowl made two fi'om the charity line. Tierney stole the ball from Doyle and passed to Sprowl for a score but the play was called back by Doyle's foul of Tierney which he made good. Caress took a pass from Riley for a sweet pivot toss to make the score 18-7. Captain Blanken tipped one in just before the half gull to make
it 20-7.
Bikoff, substitute guard, sank a long one to open the half which was matched by a timely follo^-in by Menke. Mandler was back iri the game and was fouled by Riley on the pivot, but missed' both chances. Riley sank Ma!cGonnachie’s foul and Blanken .hit again, followed by another by Mandler to make it . 26-11. By this time the Boilermakers were playing a waiting gaime, with Menke back on the 10 second line to get Handler out of the hole where he was doing so much damage. The new .style of play, waiting for a man to break into the open, proved of no avail and lost the ball .jvithout scoring several times. Sprowl stole the ball for his sec-
ond bucket of the
by Henke’s
throw. Shelriky b&ttpiJ
from out of bounds, arid* Bikrijl from the side, to make "it 29*1,^.' i Riley hit frpM.,tKe '.Myril,|6fri'ri]jC(^|»'' ■
scored a nice side .shot
made good his fourth free tpjsi' ip ■■ make it 34-18 with a mihUte to go. Blanken ended the scoring'with rih arched bank shot frbm^lieS’ifoUI' circle.- k'... ;: i,-'■■■.'■.! The Boilermakers: hife 14 i pqt'jof 60 from the fiefd fot'a ;.23.8 t'drcentage compared to. lilichigriri’s-.T out of 62 for a mere 13.6 B^cprit.'V ■ The,summary: * ' ; : 0
PURDUE (88)
EG
FT
fF
Sproyrl, f.
...2
' ■
Hoffman, f
,0 : .
, .0
0.
Tierney, f.
:1.'
’1
■■
Menke, ci'
4
'4
9
Caresa, c
1
0
Swahtz, c.
o-
0
, 0
Blakcn, g. (c).
6.
0
; 1
Riley, g, :
1
1
’ 1
Polk,' g
0
0
Totals ,...;
.,44.:
1^9
8
MICHIGAN (18)- ' :j':, Cartmill, f. (c) -0 ■ -J Comin, f. , P I ShemkS', f -I O' ? Gibert, f. ;,0 0 ':0 Mandler, g. :—.i. 3 Antic, c, U 0. 0 Doyle,, g. iS‘i; V ' rt MacConnachIc, gi t...... ; ■■, I - v v Bikoff, g. ^ Totals '7 ' Officials; Referee, Rolljc Bakn^,, WS4-. consin ; Umpire, Nick'Kearns,_,0ertal. ‘,t 4-H To In Union Feb. 9>46' Third arinpal 4il| ejiub , arifili leader training pfograiri .fot:' the northern Indiana dirit^ict,; priprisprOT by the University clpl)!;dlvj8iPri and Indiana; Bbtarjf Plijlp^, will be held in the lJriioq#ebriiri|y 9 arid 10, according to .ari'anrfp^iicfemferit liy E. C. Bid,' ctmrity ^ii'^riUrirai agent of St. Josrij^h“,j.oP'^ij^ 'i^P!^ Rotary chairman;o#/tbe;i|is|!Opl,;:. j; ' The program will iricjudil'speech: es by members of the tfriivprsity staff who supervised state'4-][I'dub work. RecreationSl apd ’ iiiusical phases of club work as’Well ps the actual work of supervising- tHfe clubs, will be considered., aarry F. Ainsworth, state club leader, is iri charge of the school. LdC ^ri ,! , '
ipaprd
To Victory
HAPPY NEW
in '42!
YEAR!
GOOD PRINTING
M. E. MOREHOUSE
at
PAINLESS PRICES
DAIRY
More Style for Less Money
QUALITY MILK
Kane's Print Shop 401 S. 29th St. Phone 5205
Phono 56214
Comfort and Security V' V Away from Home HOTEL FOWLEI Blue Blazer Tap Room Wqlnut Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts.
To Victory y' in'42! Dine Tonifht NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN ~ CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia St.
THINK NOW!
Here's to a Happy and Successful '42! ! PINE BAR GRILL Parties — , .. Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
ABOUT YOUR
■HAPPY NEW YEAR! FIUENDLY SERVICE Bonded Gas and Oil T. & R. OIL CO., luc.
■t
NEXT SEMESTER
I
To Victory in '42! H^ys Jewelry Co.
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION
131 North Fourth St. Fiat lowelry at Moderate Price trilubsciibe To Yoor Campus Daily UpI
.t* -v -y •' , ■, I