I ' ’‘I « , V, • ' 1' I > ,i' V
if, ’■ -% '-’■^17,■' ' '/
EDIT STRESSES N^ed For Liberal Arts Colleges In U. S.
Established 1889
^ RnmniAl
AD URGES \ Nieces Of Uncle Sam To join WAAC's
m‘.
Vdlume 5$, No. 89
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, February \6, f9^
poilermaker Netmen Whip Michigan Quintet
^iiate To Hold Frosh Ptieen Election Today < ? Uhderclassmen Will Pick Winner ; from 14 Contestants; Polls Open At 8 -'Election of a freshman queen will take place today in the |iall of the Union, The election, sponsored by the Green Pottto, is being conducted by the Student Senate. The winner dit the contest will reign over the Potters’ dance Friday night. Polls will be open from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. I Jlourteen aspiring queens have been nominated to the ballot. 0ile ireshman coed from each sOfbHty, co-op house, and resi- 1M f M A ddncC hall was eligible for nom- WM M ^ C IHhtioh. Barbara Bowman, *" ^
Wahda Bower, Barbara Conriard, Les Canning, Mary Bell Pliildferburk, Barbara Jean Gregoi’y, l?apWarding, Virginia Lutz, Mary JJiattix, LaVon Merchant, Mickey ^cCjdrraick, Jane Post, Frances Rctbitisoh and Harriet Thompson
wefe the girls placed on the list. AljwiRy Vote ^
All.freshmefi are allowed to vote. . , . ,, . ,, TojhreV^nt some ardent fan or any south during this cold rtoi|hiin,4p from stuffing the ballot box spell should join the Women’s ■vlcith half a million crooked votes, all Auxiliary Army Corps and let wljo (f^sire to vote are required to government pay her expjjsdht iheir passports for stamp- training
., •. X ^ camps in the United States for
' Jim McCormick, president of the , t-i, t.. Qrc^^ potters, expressed a desire WAAC S are at Ft. Des jihat'&lhfreshmen vote. “This is the Moines, Iowa; Ft. Oglethorpe, jjrst^'itime the freshmen have at- Georgia, and Daytona Beach, Fla. tem^tied to elect a queen,” McCor- Lt. Juanita Garrett and Lt. Geri^ij[k Said, “naturally, to be elected trude Pratt, recruiting officers in
of the freshman class will town this week, really make a rn^^ifi-'aUht to the lucky girl, who- ■
Lt. Juanita Garrett will speak in South Hall tomorrow evening at 7. Every coed is invited to attend the talk, which is sponsored by AWS Vocational Committee.
To Enlist
Coeds Here
By Phyllis Mann
Any coed who is thinking of
oV^’Sht! inay be. 1 hope every freshmi^n apd coed on the campus will gbt to t^^ polls some time during the’, day so the queen will actually
hO'thb 'dhoice of the people’.” I^atrtfe To Remain Secret
"the name of the queen and her smooth appearance in their snappy tWbiinaids of honor will remain a uniforms and hats, with matching secret until they are presented at shoes and “utility bags.” According the dance Friday night. The two to Lt. Pratt, the WAAC’s need maids of honor will be-the two coeds women badly. Indiana’s quota is si'hb t“feceive the second and third 300 a week, and the number of rehlghost rlumber of votes. cruit.s has not compared favorably pick Cisne’s band will play for with that of neighboung states, the dance, which will be held from Any woman between the ages of 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of 21-45 who is physically fit and a thti Union. Tickets for the affair citizen of the U. S. may make appliwill cost $1.10. Although the dance cation at the WAAC’s recruiting is labeled a “freshman dance”, ev- office in the Lafayette Post Office eryone may attenll. The dance will Building. Lt. Pratt and Lt. Garrett be informal. (Sec WAAC’s, page 4)
Ag’s Plan Own Amusement... Short Course Students Organize Society
By Ruth Ford
Although students in the Ag School’s Winter Short Course are Here for only eight weeks, in that short time they manage to do a great deal in the line of extra-cur-rjd].ilar activities. Short course students under the guidance of Prof. F. E. ijobbins of the Agionomy Department organized themselves into a Winder Short Course Society soon aftei^ they began their studies on the (iapipus. 'Eliey meet every Thuis-
day niglit.
Elects Officers Only three of the four groups aie organized. The fourth, the dairy manufacturing group, changes from week to week as students attend whichever week’s topic that interests them. The other three, general agriculture, dairy production, and animal husbandry, elect a piesident, vice-president, secretary-treasurer, and representatives. Eacli week one group is responsible for a program which is planned by the program committee, made up of the vicepresident and representatives I'rom the group. — Progiams consist of interesting campus speakers as w ell as other enteitainment. An evening of folk dancing is scheduled as well as a banquet sponsored by the Ag Alumni. At this banquet the boys will meet many of the Agiicultural Extension workeis.' The Society also plans the commencement which will be held the last Tluusday of the
Short Coiu’se school.
Organize Basketball Team.s In addition to this the boys have been organized into basketball teams which play among each other. ■They have a glee club and orchestra which in past yeais has played for the commencement banquet and closing exercises as well as on the program sponsored by the short course and broadcast ovei WBAA. The Society usually presents the University with theii picture which is hung in Agriculture Hall. They put out a Short Course students and faculty directory which supplements the dnectoiy issued by the Univei-
sity.
Scholarships Awarded Every year students aie awarded cups, medals and certificates for their work. The winner of a judging contest in the general agriculture gioup IS awarded a cup given by the Kotaiy Club foi the best judging of coin and small giain or farm management. Scholarship awaids aie given to the students making the best grades. Students participating in glee club, orchestra, or basketball are given particijiation certificates as well as the certificates awarded them on completion of their short course woik. Only thirty-five students, foui of whom aie gills, aie enrolled this year as compared with 200 last winter. Students aveiage about thirtylive class hours a week.
Registrar Announces List Of Distinguished Students Science School Heads List; 594 Students Make Scholastic Indices Higher Than 5.00 Names of those students who were distinguished last term have been released by the Registrar’s Office. There were a total of 594 students who attained indices of 5.00 or better. The Science Schools heads the list with 124 of its students making distinguished. Following closely are the Freshmen Engineers with 123. The remainder of the schools in the order of their number of representatives on the list are: Mechanical Engineering, 83; Home Economics, 78; Chemical Engineering, 55; Agriculture, 53; Electrical Engineering, 53; Civil Engineering, 11; Pharmacy, 9; Metallurgical Engineering, 7; Forestry, 6; Aeronautical En-
Cold^ Men,
Impress
Cadettes Southern Coeds Want Tag' Dances
By Ed Stephenson
A brief interview with four of the Curtiss-Wright Cadettes yesterday presents a summary of the southern views on the campus, its teachers, students and courses. The four Cadettes interviewed were selected at random, and the result was far from unpleasant. Southern accents were obvious, but pleasant, and southern charm was in over-
whelming plentitude.
Lucille and Louise Ratchford, energetic blond twins from Paint Rock, Texas; slim, beslacked Ricky Cruse, from Goose Creek, Texas; and pert, dark Marion Pike, a comparative northerner from Kansas City, Kansas, made up the quartet
of interviewees. Softly accented ^ opinions flitted back and forth with 6.70;^Robert MoiRague, 5.57,
amazing rapidity, and the following
gineering> 4; Public Service Engineering, 4; Trade and Industrial Education, 3; Physi-
cal Education, 1, / The two highest indices were
made by Carolyn Wood and John McWhorter, each with 6.00. Others who made 5,50 or better are: David Bache, 5.59; Harold Codings, 5.62; Charles Compton, 6.56; Robert Cornell, 5.58; Morton Astrahan, 6.77; Joseph Behrle, 5.61; Edward Borger, 6.61; Thomas Capehart, 6.51; Robert Currie, 5.61; Jack Dominik, 5.88; William Eagan, 5.51; Keith Edmondson, 6.63; Adrian Ettlinger, 5.60; Eugene Flanigan, 5.75; Alan Abel, 5.65; Patricia Bauer, 5.68; Jean Burnham, 5.71; Mary Hart, 5.66; Robert Meiidelson, 5.78; Margaret Miner,
5.78; Elizabeth Obeile, 5.51.
More Names
Lois Remmers, 5.58; Elizabeth Reppetoe, 5.74; Barbara Sanders, 5.64; Martalee Snyder, 5.53; George Scott, 5.54; Laurence Sjoblom, 5.58; Eugene Usdin, 5.60; Harry West, 5.79; Dwight Wilcox, 5.68; Allen Wise', 5.51; Elizabeth King, 5.62; Robert Gray, 6.79; George Hawley, 5.51; John Jameson, 5.61; William Kaplan, 5.75; Dale Keener, 5.61; Harry Kreider, 5.67; Ralph Merrill,
views of a nothein campus are more or less a composite picture of their impressions. Bad Start The gills got off to a bad start in Lafayette, when they got off the tram at the Wabash railroad station. Marion Pike said that she expected hoop skirts and bell-bot-tomed tiousers after seeing the smoky little station-stop. After this welcome, the campus seemed to be “heavenly.” The concensus of opinion on the weather was that it was “cold,” not an unusual reaction, and the Cadettes are looking forward to spring. One or othe other of the twins was amazed at the size and (Sec CADETTES, page 4) Dr. Blicke Addresses ' ' Chemical Sociely At Meeting Last night the American Chemical Society brought to the campus Doctoi Blicke of the Pharmacy School at the Univeisity of Michigan at Ann Arbor. He addressed a meeting of the society in Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:30. Prof. E. T. McBee, of the Chemistry department and chairman of the Purdue section of the society, intioduced Doctoi Blicke. The topic of the lecture was the “Development of Synthetic Local Anesthetics,” in which Di. Blicke compared the synthetic drug situation in the last war with that in the present conflict. He related how it had taken him six months to accomplish a bit of reseaich that could now be completed in a matter of a lew weeks by almost any graduate student m chemistry. Then he traced the history of the search for satisfactoiy synthetic anesthetics up to the present tjme and decribed the chemical stiucture of the various organic compounds involved. Professor McBee announced a meeting foi March 8, at which a representative from Cincinnati Uni^ vorsity will speak.
A. A. Potter To Receive
Award
Dean Wins Medal For Leadership
Dean A. A. Potter of the University schools of engineering is the 1943 winner of the Washington medal it was announced in Chicago by E. Gorden Fox, chairman of the award commission. The medal is one of the outstanding awards of the world in engineering and is being presented for “Distinguished leadership,/in engineering education and research and patriotic service in mobilizing technical knowledge for victory in war and in peace.” The medal will be presented Feb. 24 at the Union League Club in Chicago, at a joint meeting of national engineering groups, when Dean Potter will address the group on “The American Engineer in the War Effort.” Dean Potter is past president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineering, past pres^idciit of the American Engineering Council, past president of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education, and has headed many other organizations in the
engineeiing profession.
Besides duties on the campus and
Robert Buzard, ,5.69; John Costas, with many societies in which he is
a leader. Dean Potter is chairman of the national advisory committee on engineeiing and science, and is the originator of the far-flung war training program being conducted by colleges all over the country in cooperation with industries. He is also the executive director of the national patent planning commission, and IS serving as special con-
Ehlers Takes Scoring Honors With 11 Points Getting back into their winning ways again, the Boitermaker netmen took their fourth conference win as they toppled tte Michigan Wolverines by a 33-27 count. The victory brought the Riveters up to the 500 per cent mark in the conference standings. ’ ■ Half way through the opening period the Boilermakers took the lead and were never headed by the Michigan quintet there- — after. The Wolverines drety ^ within four points of Piggy Lattibert’s boys twice during the closing moments of the contest, but were unaWe ,tp tie the count. Both time8,.Wh«i the score was 27-23 and 29-2&, the Riveters were able to break through the Michigan defense and maintain
the lead.
Lead At Half, 20-11 Leading at the half way mark 20-11, the Boilermakers satv th^ir nine point lead shrink to six poihfft before the game ended. Had they made a better percentage of th^ir shots during the second half the Riveters would have been able to win handily. Foul shooting played an important part in the Boilermaker victory, as they scored thirteen^ twenty-one shots. The Wolverines scored only, five times in^ thirteen trys from the charity line. Ed Ehlers again walked off-with the scoring honors for the Rivetej^ with eleven markers, while Leo Doyle took top honors for Michigan , with eight points. Captain A1 Menke tallied six points. The summary:
Newsom, 5.74; Waltei Pavelchek, 5.50; Charles Ralihan, 6.50; Louis Raver, 5.54; Charles Bush, 5.79; Duncan Looney, 5.83; Roy
Miller, 5.50.
Still More Names
William O’Brien, 5.71; Marion Smith, 5.70; John Tierney, 5.55;
^ /f POTTER^ who will be awarded the 1943 Washington medal for "Distinguished leadership . .
and service "
Mudball hey there clarence i hear the aero building is smelling like a ladies powder room the curtiss Wright girls are having classes there now k d wood has to start up the wind tunnel every once in a while to blow the fragrance away and make it smell like airplane engines again
—MUDBALL
PURDUE (33)
FG FT PP TP
Biggs, f
... 1
3
0
Kennedy, f
.. 0
2
1
2
Friend, f
... 1
1
4
3
Brower, f
... 0
0
0
0
Menke, c. . .
2
2
3
6
Lawson, g.
2
2
1
6
Ehlers, g. . .
. 4
3
3
11
Totals
.. 10
13
12
33
MICHIGAN (27)
FG FT PP TP
Gibert, f.
0
0
4
0
Doyle, f.
3
2
2
8
(See NETMEN, page 4)
(See DISTINGUISHED, page 4) ROTC To Show Military Films Tomorrow At 4 Second in a series of U. S. Army films on the war will be a series of movies on, “Anti-Aircraft and AntiMechanized' Defense.” The show will be presented by the military department at 4, tomorrow afternoon, in the lecture loom on the first floor of the Electrical Engi-
neering building.
The subject will be covered in a number of short training films with a sound track as follows: “Technique of Small Arms Fire Against Aviation,” time 17 minutes; “Means of Anti-Mechanized Defense,” time 10 minutes; “Anti-Tank Obstacles,” time 8 minutes; “Road Blocks,” time 9 minutes, and “Concealment,”
time 18 minutes.
Notice All 5th and 6th term Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering juniors are requested to bring up to date in duplicate their personal records now on file in the Personnel Office in the Executive Building. This may be done at the Personnel Office between 1 and 4:30 p. m. from now until Saturday, February 20. In view of the war situation and the uncertainties which may exist after the war, it is important that every Junior ME and AeE bring his record up to date. N. A. Bolz, Personnel Representative School of Mechanical and Aer. Engr.
Where Do We Stand?. . . Experts Answer Vital Questions Of Students
sultant for the U. S. Office of Education. Coeds Entertain Navy Officers At Tea Dance, Buffet Dinner In Union Brass buttons and high heels were combined for the first time on this campus last Saturday in the late afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union. The occasion \yas a teadance, buffet dinner, sponsored for the purpose of introducing the Ensigns to coeds. The idea was furnished by L. M. Vallely and Lieutenant Comiskey, who worked in cooperation with two coeds, Betty Murphy and Lois Veits, to promote the dance. Each sorority and residence hall sent five coeds to the tea dance, which began at 5:15 p. m. Half of the ballroom was turned over to those who wished to dance and the other half was set for the buffet dinnei. Home Ec. Will Hold Demonstration At 4 A demonstration in the use of evaporated milk will be held in Room 216 of the Home Economics Building at 4 p. m. today. Miss Millicent Atkinson, representative of the Irradiated Evaporated Milk Institute of Chicago, will speak,
By Jean Yargar College students have been asking questions and demanding answers. War developments have led them to wonder just exactly what their status is. Not only are they wondering about the present, but the future as well. For this reason the American Council on Education, the Association of American Junior Colleges, the National Student Federation of America, and the International Student Service have asked that stud(;nt governments and war councils submit Questions that most concern the student bodies. These questions, having been collected, were answered by experts of the War Manpower Commission, the National Resources Planning Boaixl, the Army Institute, and several professional education associations. Important Questions and Answers The following are a few of the more important questions asked and answered: Now that we aren’t allowed to enlist, how are they going to decide w'ho goes w'here? How will they decide whether to send us back to college for more study? Those who enter the armed serviced through Selective Service may indicate their pieferences, however, no assurance can be given since each branch of the service needs only a certain number of inductees. Each branch of the service will determine how many are to be sent back to school and for what purpose they will be sent. Is ther^ any way by w hich I can continue my interrupted studies while 1 am in the Army? Yes. After being in active service for lour months, any enlisted man can enroll with the Army Institute or with hny one of the 76 univer-
sities or colleges cooperating with the War Department in offering correspondence courses. Several hundred inductees are to be sent back to college for specialized training. Courses offered by the universities will carry college credit. Should women go to sumraet school or gets jobs on farms? This depends upon the individual concerned. Where the farm labor shortage is acute, they should help. What will happen to working women when the men come bade from the war? After this war there will probably be a wider range of jobs for women than there has ever been befojee. The extent of women’s work WilT depend largely upon the ecohoqt^ situation. Ah-eady plans are being made for a demobilization of thos^ in war industries and in the armed forces. To what extent can an 18 or 19* year old plan his future? None in this age group will be allowed to plan his future. Demands for technically skilled men will require that some in this age group be sent to college. What kind of world are we going to graduate into after this war? - The best answer to this questiop was given by President Roosevelt when speaking to the Internatiopsl Student Assembly: “ ... The better world for which you fight—and fqr which some of you give your lives—■ will not come merely because we wish very hard that it would eeme. It will be made possible only by bold vision, intelligent planning and herd work. It cannot be brought about over night, but only by yeai'S of rf* fort and perseverance and ing faith. .. ” ’’Tjipr-T
m
m
t - ,h'
1* r r \
I v-
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
\ 'j ^ ^ -^4!
Tuesday, February 16, 194^
Purdue Exponent
Offites Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
LdlUr Business Manncer Nens Editor Manairitijr Editor Senior AdvcrtisinR Manas^cr Sports Editor Coed E iilor Cord Bosiftcss E\ccuti\o
WiUinm G Hoskins Gcrhai‘d H Klouman Rol ert W Boswinklc Dale E Batz James G Petty Joseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jano Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors }• J Vtjrh T T R c) nr 1 on T L Tilton li £\soii \V L Vt.rmihon M E bm th C C Martin d li, E Murphy < ooo b aft Pnyllis Mann Martha Lee Riggs Carolyn Wilbur E ainc Ahrens spoils btafl u bo vards J Ackerman D Shryer R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Adsertisina Manager J Filpi Ad\ertising Managers J Hexon C Gaunt J HJcCulloUgh J Tabb Circulation Manager R H Kroephn Accounts Manager Mar^EiUs
The Purdue Independent
Editor In Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Smith Sports Editor Smitl Day Editor Wilbur 1 sue Editor Edmondson Workers Hopk ns I i c M re V 11 an Dom n k R ch ardson Gregor Winslow Stlbrn on lord Hon n cl Hahn
Entered as socon 1 clrss matter at tie post olTico in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 18 9 and at the spec a 1 rate of postate irovioci for in section 1103 act of October 191 a tl o red J nuary 20 1922 Publishe 1 on Tuesda Tl i doj I r las n i Sun lay mornings durini the a Del re 1 loe 11 h c rr or for $1 ’J’’ for a semester or ‘?J 00 for t so sem er 1 y ma 1 for $2 00 for a semester or 93 90 for t o so e te Represente 1 for nat ona adve t ng ht Nat onal Advertis mg S r ce Inc College 1 hlibl ers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New liork N Y
What Of Liberal Arts College?. . .
mg
In the face of all these scientific pursuits, what IS to happen to oui libeial education— the sort of education which produces statesmen, economists, philosopheis ^ The only answer that has presented itself thus far is that many, or most of our liberal arts schools will be saciificed as war casualties Naturally, these schools cannot be included in the technical wai tiaming progiam They don t ha\ e the necessaiy tacihties And they can’t r<^ciuit enough students from the draft-destined gi oup of high school graduates to make it expedient foi them to keep then doois open We agiee of couise th it the leign of the fiAolous Lindeigiaduate tj-pe ot student, found all too fiequenth m the hbeial arts school must cease foi the duiation Yet some pio\ ision must be made to inauie the continued pioduction—especially foi the duration ot the wai—ot the type of mind pio duced in such institutions To piomote a sane and lasting peace we must employ men and women filled with hitheito scorned ideals and social mindeilness We must have linguists and economics to undeistand and leconstiuct the lives ot the wai lavaged piillions It maj be aigued ot couise, that technical studies inevitablj lesult m a continued seal eh foi tiuth and physical piogiess But it must be lemembeied that some oi the gieatest ot the V 01 Ids scientific minds weie found in Nazi Germain It may be argued also that many gieat leaders have had engineering training Lldei Statesman Herbei t Hoov ei w as a great engi neei who pi cached, promoted ijind piacticed demoeiatie ideals of fieedom and help foi the suffering feeding starv ing peoples in World Wax I We will need men like Hoovei aftei this wai to help leconstiuct the woild both phy ncallj ard economically Men such as he, unfortunatelj arc the exception rather than the lule e need engineer^ and scientists now But we V ill need the thinker--, di earners and planners as V ell as the technicians aftei the war —w gh
SsDwksL SJthipsiA,
John Shively
who g-iddudtfd-fio) ti [M9cisitv i Di tem bei has bten indutUd irt) the au toi) s a id expects to be tidUbfeiied to Eiloxi Mi s toi ba le tiainin^
John L. Hamilton » who atteiulcd tho UiuveifaU^ l(i one facmtibtei
niie WASUMTOH Merry-60-ROUND
Anyone leading beyond this fiist line will undoubtedly find the following a queei appeal to be issuing fiom the news oigan of this great Univeisitv, founded and famed foi its techni cal puisu’ts But we feel that the highei educational system of oui nation now undei going a painful metamoiphosis, is in gieat dangei of losing foi the most pait the essence and the backbone of this sj stem—the hbeial aits school It IS tl ue that the-^e ai e times when we must concentiatc as much of oui eneigies as pos sible to building a wai machine second to none Oui leadeis have lecognized this need and aie intioduciiig changes into both nidus tiial and univeisity life to utilize and tiain ♦^he gieatest possible numbei of men and womn TO pe’foim technical duties Aloieovei, technically equipped univeisities thioughout the United States aie scheduled ) J ceiv e thousc nds of young soldiers and sailois in the next few weeks foi technical tiam-
By DREW PEARSON WASHINGTON—It was hushed up inside Congiess but the one Negro Congiessimn in the House of Rep lesentativcs has been b-ined fiom the Committee on Post Office and Post Rouds Seveial membeis of the committee thiestened to lesign when the Negios nomination was considezed foi the second time aftei being voted down once The Congiessman is William Dawson, Demociat fiom Chicago s fiist distiict Dawson defeated Aithur Mitchell Demociat the one Negio Congiessman in the last Coiigiess Mitchell who had m my fiiends in Congiess was i membei of the Post Office and Post Roads Committee fiom which Dawson is now bailed So it is claimed that lace piejudice is not involved Howevei it looks as if Congiessman Dawson might l^ave a haidei time than his picdceessoi Heie is v/hat happened The Kelly Nash machine in Chicago which elected Congiesslnan Dawson asl ed that he replace Mitchell on the Post Office Committee Theie weic six va crncies on the committee and eight candidates Daw son 1 an eighth in the voting so failed to qualify Howevti his Kelly Nash fi lends asked that Daw son s name be submitted again and Representative Dingell of Michigan took the matter up with Repre eiitative Thomas G Burch of Virginia chairman of the Post Office Committee Burch said that one Con gressman from Illinois Noah Mason Republican was aliead> on the Committee Meanwhile an incident occurred which made seveial southern membeis of the Post Office Committee hit the ceiling A negro lobbyist, Edgar Rrown repre sentative of the United Government Emplo>ees Union contacted Chairman Burch and other members of the Committee According to them he proceeded to lay down the law and demand that Dawson be placed on the Committee hinting reprisal at election time This ended the matter Several membeis of the Committee threatened to lesign if Dawson weie ap pointed and as a compiomise he was shunted to the Insulai Affaiis Committee headed by Joe L Smith of West Vnginia Note Ex Congiessmin Aithui Mfichell of Chicago onc'^ made a speech ibout Lobbyist Edgai Brown in which he said ‘He belongs to thit gioup of leadeis of my lace who hive been responsible foi much of the misundei'tanding ind tiouble th it we have in this countiy between laces (Copyiight 1943 by United Uc ituic Sj ndicalc Inc)
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbott a|td Jim Kichardson
University Calendai* Tuesday, February 16
The fiist leal toll of the bells which may iing’ out the doom of burccaucrats was soundedMst week in the House of Representatives This wa-" in the foim of a bill ci eating a special committee with bioad poweis to investigate lules, legulations and diieotives of Fedeial agencies An example of closer interpaity unify due to the wai wa^ also shown as a result of this
9 00 AM 9 00 AM 4 00 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 P M
State Voc Agi &H E Teachti*Gietnskeepcis Coiifcience PIA Te^x Dance Alpha Phi Omega International Discussion Gioup Chiistim Science Oix anizatioii
Room 30'’ Union W Paculty Lgc Union So B illvoom Union Room 307 Union' Room 212 Union Room 302 Union
when both Repubheahs and Democrats demanded closei Supervision ovei bureaucrats The chief obiections to the bill came who’ll it was slated that the bill was aimed at laboi and
Wednesday, February 17
Debris Sets Deadline For Senior Pictures
6 15 PM 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M 7 30 PM
AAUP Dmnei Meeting Silvei Mask Meeting Inter Vaisity Chi is Fellowship Newedmers Party Maiiidge Couise
Cafeteiix H E Bldg Room 302 Union Room 307 Union E Faculty Lge, Union W Faculty Lge , Union
Debris senioi pictuics foi pios
i iiglit hiiidei the piosecution of the Pcctive August ’43 and Decemboi
wxi IlowfVii fnosl pel sons se
cleanun in 'Washington looming in the ncni future
While in lull ev Win«loii Chin ch ill h xd X tall with the Finnish min istei to th-xi countiv ni d after the Pi line Miiiistei s letuin to Etmlxnd tho Swedish mini tci Kft foi the visit to Swe Icn Ihc tact that Lng land and Finland aie noixinally it wai ha^ caused much speeul ition to bi voiced bv the it ncsontativcs of the o hci conn lies Thc^c icpie sentative s ly hat Finland 1-5 doing hei best to withdi xw fiom the wxi without complv iiig with too many Russixn cemands It is of couise pointed out that it is highly unlike ly that Geimxny will xllow such i move on the 1 xit of the Finnish but just as a mattei of conjectuie ma be the Na7i xie beinp- <10 hxid incs«el that they would be unable to s’-op the Finns fiom withdi xwing fiom X w XI that is costing th m the life of then naiion
a3 giaduates will be taken for the last time fiom today to Thuisday Feb 18 The photoglapher will leave on Friday and Will notietuinthi ycai Giaduates who have not legisteied foi then pie tines 01 who have not 1 ept then appointments foi sittings may have then pictuies taken fiom 8 30 a m to 5 p m oil any of these days in 100m 60 in the “ub basement of the
Unicn
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condifion if brought to our office WEST SIDE CLEANERS
jobs Now pio Nazi and Nazi judges sit on tho benches of Belgian couits Ihe book of Belg xn is closed and tho Reign of the Be xst Begins but honox still dwells with the Belgian people
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ) R|CK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schulfi Bldg 4th and Main Sts Phone 5701
JEANETTE
ROBERT
MJIOIUUI'YDUHG CAIHD
M-G-M’s BIG ROMANCE WITH MUSIC!
Bor STAMPS ft BONDS HfllC
PLUS —THE FUN TREAT OF THE YEAR
Diana BARRPOHE Robert COMMiNGS
Ik Wltppini Post
Spsritualasfs Fleece Pockets Of Syckeas Says Psychology
In lObt I uiopcan eountiics judges ai c n it elected but ippointcd fiom imong the buiistiis (law vcis) bee XUS 11 thought uh it elec tioicciing IS bent xth fin dignitv of i mcml Cl ot the 1 idici 1 L l\ Kc eentlv m Jiclfium tlnse Itgil di^iii taiics slowed th i hon i w s st 11 with them when thiee ludgc who lefuscd to dtfcj i dc isk 11 igxinst the N x/is wis'cswcie niest 1 nil impimcicl 'I s i itsulu if this ihc membeis 11 tl c Belgi u Sujieme ( ouit of ill civil 111 1 tl unit xl couits piot^oted Iv w 11 in out on then
TODAY and MONDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Bj Prof C L Morgan Division of Education and \pplied Psjchologv In what sign of the zodixc weie you boin’ Do you believe in Astiology’ Whit can be ii_ad fio i the lines of the pilm 01 the shipc xnd uiegulaiitics of the Cl mium'' What about hypnotism’ Is it not pos sible that mental telepathy 0x1 ts ’ What of the occult'' Philosopheis have seaichod foi tho philosophci s stone which would leveal liutli Alchemists hunted foi the subst iiite which would tuin b isc met ils into gold King Arthui was on the ti ul of the Holy Gi ill which would fi insfoim min moi illy I lecall also that Aladdin h id i limp which ci iblod him 0 employ 01 utilize the poweis of m igic If the'^e subjects irteiest you more th in tlu pio aic d ita ol science li you think 01 hope th it the above subjects can iid you in any mannei you aie x fit pci son to be fleeced of a portion ol youi haul e 11 nod cash you axe ignoi xi t of the f xets u d y 111 feel yoiu self inadequate to life a lequiiemcit Ihe loxd to pei«onal dequacy ti si ccess to tiuth is not x 0 al load 01 a highway of magic The wai cxi not bo v on by tiusting that the Axis mihtiiy leadeis will quu lel Ol that the moi ile oi Axis n ilions will deteiioi xte It will take fool guns ships toil siciifict intelh geiicc and it should lie iddcd taxes Tlie s line facts apply to the iiidivid 1 il in his icljusl ments to life s piobltms Success loquiics effoit a lecopnition ol natuiul foitos ind consequences ud i dependence upon one s own lesouiccs It IS natuial to wait to ool nto th« futuie xn 1 it IS possible m many w ivs to do -o The only bxsis 1 1 such piedictions lowcvci lies in in cximinxtion ol the past with x view to u deistinaing licnds Yet ilmost eveiy ixewspxpei tames i d xily lepoit 01 the influence of the sins upon cveiy thing fion wlen to make investments to tuitions tonceining ones pei sonal sklety Ch lactci lexdiiigs ue offexed by it mote contiol thiough the medium oi hand wxiting lolephone duectoiies in many laige cities iiul li ^ biaiies often el x sify is psychologists oi psychology mediums phicnologists ciystal gazcis along with psvchologists xnd psychiatiuts 01 liteiatuie ot a le spectcble cientific eilibie with tiash on spnituihem ai 1 upei science It is no mysteiy that the lay men is confused Weie theie no legislation to piotect the public fiom ciuack '^'I D s the luthentie cloetoi would be subject to eondemnitions opinions and at titudes ol public igi 01 ince aiising liom the letivities of the unsciupulous Picyiiif upon public supcistition pel sonal hopes duillu loiment ind failiucs is big business ill oui natioi al economy It might be added that it is ilso “ticwy business I cit the following as cxainph s of psychological laeketceiing which if must In id mitted miy lut gicatei letuins in public inteiestand incom than befalls the avciage 01 even above avci igc college piofosboi Dm ct fi om Luiope—I oundci ind I icccpticss of Supci Science—M id ime Emily Hyde— I amous Mdbtei rtathei and Inspiiational Leetuici— Mail Twain s chum pioclainis liei A Siipci Woman of the Woild Aiiothei Lotus ACE— Knows No Limit itions —‘Eminent Teachei of tin Gie it law foi the Iscw Cycle Listed among cndoisements-— A lawvii foi 1 Great Ccipoi itioi s ly — I lo il on Lotus instiuctions on Businc s Manigcment and Ex paiision IS a mo t v ilu ible idjunct to the 1 nowitdge of any business Stiangc tli it winning i wax calls f 1 the SCI vices of scientists and that Madame Hydes ind I (tuses aic imong the non essentials
ARC
ORSON WELLES jOURNEY INTO FEAR with DOLORES DEL RIO JOSEPH COTTEN plus-
Pfottuced and C
with FRANCES ^
Produced and Directed by HENRV KCSfER
TODAY and TOMORROW
P®rt of AHmomont!
MIOHTY PRODUCTION
M r£Cm/CQiQR-
■ita/vUirf
miWl infialllBHiiiii
leif Erikson Billy Gilbert Edgar Barrier Turban Bey
HOW nAVIHi;
NAIS
TODAY TOMORROW
Smarter Styles
Lor Lar-Sighterl Men . . . Foi ISow and the Future on
sS'i.-, $1 R95 ( oats "So ^
Oiii S22 75 ( tints
S24 75 $1 Q95
Oui ^,27 50 ( oats
Coat, ^ ^
Oui hi 55 00 ( oatn
$2195 $2793
after his giaduation fiom high school last spiing has bctiij voluntaiilv inducted into the U & Maiint Coips and w II ici i ivi Ins 1 nsic 1i lining it San Dii go ( ilil
they vvtic Laiajctte a outatuuding valiiii ,it Jheir ngulai price's j)ui now, at dust ontt a yea savuigs the v it iiolhnig slioi t < ( phtnons t naU 1 oalu with a wialtli ol good ipju u uict wainiili wiihoiU hulk wt n dnlily riu inajouty of the lahiui ait iirtplu ihh iUO^/o viooh invt stmt nil th it w dl 11 1 1< * (J al < sons to t omt
Hi . . . Bu} Jam Coattfn The Duiafton, IVoiv . . . and Save!
KING THE CLOTHIER
120 M- Fiiuiih Shei'l
lii.ll 6953P$e8day, febrmry 16, 1943 BoHermaker ^
% '''■
(xMvsl
By Joe Dawson
1^/It Was A Real Success First off wc would like to congratulate those men responsible for the £fieSh'inan tourney Saturday—notably Red Mackey, Dutch Fehring and the fou^r teams involved—for the splendid exhibition of basketball they staged for the 3,500 fans present. . . . The event accomplished its purpose ih .every way, and at the end of the firing about 10 Saturday evening, feVeryohe involved, both players and spectators alike, agreed that this was"ohe of the finest athletic performances ever run off hei-e in the ijieldhouse. ► Easily Wort'll $.50 ' After the first game in the afternoon, when the strong Boilermaker dulfit had decisively beaten the Illini, everyone in the audience ,had already gotten his money’s worth. ... 50c Would have been dirt clieap for ^y one of the four, games. Best In Conference We know little or nothing about the freshman teams of the other six conference schools; however, Fehring’s quintet of Lodge, Berberiah, Ertel, prutus and Haag could very easily have beaten gny other rhinie outfit in thd Big Ten last Saturday. . . . The Riveters seemed to be able to control the score at all times. . . . Northwestern at one time came to within six i^o'ints of the Boilermakers, but during the rest of the time there was al■^ays a 12 to 16 point margin. ► Hoosiers Take Beating "It pleased us no end to see the Hoosiers take it on the nose from both Illinois and Northwestern. . . . It would have been mighty nice if Indiana had won their first game so that they could have playgd the Riveters in the championship encounter. . . . That would have been a cinch fOr the Fehringmen and a pleasure to watch for the fans.... At least we'can say biir freshman basketball team is better than theirs. (Excuse us, Dick, we forgot that your swimming team completely outclassed the Hoosiers ;|he same night, 59-23). ► Oui' All-Tourney Team—So What? ■To whom it may concern: Here is our choice as an All-Tqiirney team (they used to do it after a high schqpl touincy, so why can’t we'dq it hoW*?) Forwards, BiB-Lodge, Purdue; Dyke Eddleman, Illinois; Bill Berberilin, PUrdue. Centers, Jim Ertel, Purdue; Fred Green,-Illinois. Guai’d's, Charley Haag, Purdue; Bud Kirk, Illinoi.s; Leroy Brutus, Purdue. Kinda preju,diced, but they looked like the best to us.
Varsity Gunners Third In 5-Way Meet The Boilermaker track squad was edged out of second place by a point and a half in the five-way conference meet held last Saturday night in the University of Chicago Fieldhouse, The order of finish and total points was as follows: Wisconsin, 54 points; Northwestern, 23 poifits; Purdue, 22 points; Chicago, 20'/2 points, and Minnesota, 12 points. Chuck Duesler was outstanding for the Riveter squad with his performances in both the —— — — —, one and two mile events. Dues- Boilermaker squad had. Bancker, ler set the pace for the mile run the lead-off man was able to provide and led the field clear up to the teammates with a nice 15-yard 1A1 jj, lead, but that lead was allowed to finish hne only to be passed aU^jj^ to about five yards and the last instant by Randall of Archer, the anchor man, was hard Chicago. He came back later in the pressed to nfaintain that lead as he two mile run to make an equally crossed the finish line.
good showing but was not able to overtake the leading runner and finished six seconds behind him. Fastest Times For Duesler
Coach Hermon Phillips expressed the opinion that he has much faith ih the possibilities of his team but |;hat they are stjH very weak in the
Du'eSler’s time of 4:23 for the mile hurdle events. This weakness is due and also his time of 9:45 for the mainly to the inability of sophomore two mile run were the fastest times flash, Paul Gutting, to become eli-
ever recorded for Inm in either of gible.
these events. in winning the “little Big Ten ' Don Newman, a pole vaulter, meet” Wisconsin captured 8 of the barely missed tying for first place 16 places scored in' the field events, in his event. He succeeded in clear- These included a tie for first in the ing all heights up to 12 feet, 6 inches polt vault, first in the high jump, and was almost successful in doing first and second in the shotput,. and that. Had he cleared that height, second, third and fourth In the broad
he would have been in a three way jump.
tie for first place as neither of the Dave James of Northwestern, other two vaulters were able to go leading his teammaltes to a surprise any higher. John Brebner looked second place, won individual scoringgood in the high jump but only was honors in the meet. James won the able to come through with a third broad jump and took second in both ■place. - the high jump and low hurdles. He Mile Relay Team First ; ' scored a total of 11 points.
The'mile relay teain, cdinposed of Bill Banckei, George Farnsworth,
Freshmen Victorious
Saturday afternoon the Boiler-
Bob Livihghouso and Geoi-ge Arih- maker freshinan squad held a teleei’, captured the only fir.stvthat the (See VARSITY RUNNERS, p. 4)
Yalpo Boxers Win, 4-3, From Boilermakers Coach Beers’ sluggers suffered their fifst defeat of the season at the hands of the Valparaiso University squad by the score of 4-3 over the week-end. The Riveter team returned with a moral victory and some greatly needed experience. Valparaiso, coached by Earnest Schwiebert, had the experience which the Bojlermakei’s lacked. The most interesting bout on the card was the brattle Mtween Jim McMilleh of the JMveter squad and “Moose” Maddock of the Crusader's. The contest was fast and there was plenty' of action throughout. McMillen, although outweighed by 40 pounds and at a big disadvantage ot height, slugged it out to the last bell with his opponent but the decision went to the Valparaiso giant. Bill McClure, the sparkplug of the team, belted Charlie Ferris of the Crusaders around for three rounds with savage right and left hooks, and a solid left jab to the midsection, to score the first victory for the Riveters. Les Davies, Boilermaker 145 pounder, smashed his man around for three rounds, never stepping back from him. After a 15 minute deliberation by the judges,- the decision went to the Crusaders, for Davies had unintentionally fouled his opponent in the third round. Don McMillen of the Riveter squad suffered defeat at the hands of Freshman Max Smith of the Valparaiso team. The Boilermakers liad to forfeit two bouts because of inability to produce men in lighter weights.
Boilermakers And Wolverines Clash In Final Game Of Series Af Ann Arbdf In an attempt to hit the winning way.s again after two disastrous week ends in Chicago during which they were beaten by 27 and 22 point margin.s. Piggy Lambert led his charges in an invasion of Ann Arbor last night for a two-night stand against the Wolverines of Michigan. Since they are to play there again tonight, the Riveters are being forced to play three games in four days. The score of the first contest came over the wire ' M • ... too late to be printed in this
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Wednesday, Feb. 17 Court 3—:S. Rudasics 7:00 Chauucey vs. Rochdale. 7:15 Luma vs. Owen. 8:10 Marwood vs. Wesley Boys. 8:25 Westminster vs. Kneale. . Court 4—J. Rudasics-Pilarski 7:00 Unit 2 vs. Unit 7. 7:15, Unit 3 vs. Unit 5. 8:10 Unit 4 vs. Unit 6. The following teams will report for Volleyball practice Tuesday evening, February l6, at 7:00: Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Si^ma Phi, Alpha »Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi. Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Ka^pa Delta Rho, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Deltaj Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi. Tuesday, February 16, is definitely the deadline for those fraternities not yet having fired in the
article, but the Riveters were expected to give a good account
of themselves.
So far this season, the Wolverines have failed to live up to pre-season predictions as they have won but one of six .starts in the conference during the firesent campaign. Perhaps the one feather in their caps, however, is a 38-34 upset victory over Wisconsin at the outset
of the season.
.Struck, Sophomore Sensation In spite of the fact that Coach Bennie Oosterbaan had six returning letterman around which to build a nucleus for the present squad, he has been forced to call upon two sophomores, Dave Struck and Gerry Mullaney—^a forward and a guard, respectively-^for his starting lineup. Struck is the boy -who turned in such a marvelous job of guarding Johnny Kotz, leading- scorer in the Big Ten last year, when he held Eotz to 7 and 11 points on consecutive nights. Strack is the only Indiana boy on the traveling .squad, having starred at Shortridge High School
Inter-fraterhity Rifle Tournament, in Indianapoli.s. He was also a mem-
Firnt ef alib is the WA.A.C really neeiletl^ LmphaliCally yes! Already the President has authorized the Corp.s to expand from 2,5,000 to 150,000. The Air Forces and Signal Corps have asked for thousands of WAAC mein])ers to fielp with vital duties. Both Ground Forces and Services of Supply are asking for thousands more. Members of the WAAC may he assigned to duty with the Army anywhere—some arc already in Africa and England. Can the 'WAAC really help icia the ivarf The whole idea of the WAAC is to replace trained soldiers ' ' " ' needed at the front. If Anicrican women j/itch in no\s' to help our Army (as women in Britain', Russia and China do), we can hasten Victory —and ])eacc. What can my college eiSacation contribute? College training is important equipment for majiy WAAC duties too long to list. Cryptograi|hy, drafting, meteorology, laboratory, ^vork. Link trainer and glider insti'ucting, for example. If yon arc a senior you may enroll at once and be placed on inactive duly until the school year ends. See your WAAC faculty adviser for more details. MSut cun I live comtoriably on WAAC pay? There are few civilian jobs in which you could earn clear income, as WAAC, enrolled members do, of ,f50 to ,1138 a month — with all equipment from your toothbrush to clothing, food, quarters, medical and dental care j/rovided. WAAC ofheers earn from ,f 150 to ,$333.33 a month.
S®irae fipiesti®5is aiifl samswers ©ff iiaterest to eves-y college woiiaafia
The ilriUiny sounds so strenuous—S Nonsense! The most beautiful yomen in America today are the girls in khaki! Some calisthenics and drilling are vital to general good health, discipline and tuned-up reflexes. After a few weeks at Fort Des Moines, Daytona Beach or the new Fort Oglethorpe training center you’ll feel better than
ever in your life.
Maybe I aeonIdn’^t like the work?
People are happiest doingwhat they do well. Every effort is made to place you where your service will count most toward final Victory. You may have some latent talent tliat will fill a j/articular need for ■work interesting and new to women—; such as repairing the famous secret bombsight, ^ rigging paraclultes, operating the fascinating new electronic devices — or driving an Army jeep over foreign terrain. Then I have a chance to learn something new? Yes, indeed. And the list of WAAC duties grows constantly. The training a^d experience you get in the 'WAAC may equip you for many stimulating new careers opening up
for women.
The range will be open from 3 until 4 and from 5 until 6 in the afternoon and from 7 until 9 in the evening. Do not forget to sign up for the All-Campus. Squash tournament which will start probably the middle of this week. Entry blanks are posted on the Squash bulletin board, the Intramural bulletin board and on the bulletin Board in the checkout; room. ' , Notice Coach Beers has issued a callout for. manager of the boxing team. Ayone interested is asked to report on Wednesday at 4:30 at the boxing headquarters.
ber of the 1941 Indiana All-Star squad. Mandler Captain Captain of the 1943 edition of the Michigan net team is big Jim Mand-: ler, six foot, four inch, 200-pound center from Chicago. The other two veterans on the starting five are Mel Comin, si.x foot, two inch forward, and Leo Doyle, six foot, two .inch guard. All three of these lastlnamed are seniors. Michigan In Sixth At present, the Wolverines are languishing in sixth place in the Big Ton standings, with only Iowa and Chicago behind them. Statisr tically speaking, they have scored 195 points while their opponents were compiling'255 markers.
fi
‘K
Wltat are my chuaees of promotion?
^ V ,
Excellent. The Corps is expanding rapidly and needs new officers, both commissioned and noncommissioned. Those ivho join noiv have the best chances. All new officers now come up llu'ough the ranks. If qualified, you may obtain a commission in 12 .Aveeks after beginning basic training.
What is the aye ranye and other requirements? Very simple. You may join if you are a U. S. citizen, aged 21 to 44, inclusive, at least 5 feet tall and not over 6 feet, in good health — regardless of race, color or creed. But the Army needs you now — don’t delay. Total War won’t wait!
••• ^
Meet at One of the Outstanding Recreation Centers in the Pu/idusL THsmoiiaL lAnimL Exercise While Enjoying Yourself on any of the IS Union Alleys
fiinffuists nvtnlinlm If you speak and write Spanish, I’oriuguesc, Chinese, Japanese, Russian, French, German or Italian, see your local Army recruiting office now! You are needed for interpreting, cryptography, eommiuiications.
JhsL
orps
Por fur^livr iiiifuriuiiliwii .see >-our uearcst t l ^ AH lAi” V K E u u I 1’ a X «; A. IV it J • ti^ • irm. JE.1; ITM m. I IV It E O T I « N .S T T I O IV
The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities .^ S ^
f ■'"
^ /-
S
|^'4
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, February 16, 1943,^
WAACs
(Continued from page 1) wi}l be (11 town till Thuisdav noon, to -^aupOtVise reci uiting Gr^it Ucttiand 'Kieic IS an especially gieat deitlftfid foi officeis, who aie always sOlSOtfed flom the lanks with eyeiy0(>b having an equal oppoitumty fob Officer Candidate Tiainiiig School. Application foi this couise cdh hO made aftei foui weeks Lt Gairett mentioned the fact that college women would haye a head sthrt ovei otheis ''JVomen who haye shown special ability and who can assume lesportsibihty and supei vision aie chosen foi officeis’ tiainirt^ College women can enioll now and will be put on an inactive list Until they have finished college School teacheis may also enioll and not be taken until the end of the semestei When the WAAC’s weie fiist oiganized, the diet consisted of “labfood” salad and sandwiches, but because the women put in a good d^jr’s woik the\ now eat legulai army food In most places they Ine aimi haiiacks, howevei at Da5’tona Beach they Ine in hotels and apaitinent houses and dull on the sands of the beaches Go To Regular Camp , Aftei the basic tiaming peiiod ih inilitaiy backgiound and com tesy, caie of the iinifoiin, and de fensc against chemical attacks, the women go to one of the legulai armj’’ camps, thus lelieving soldieis foi combat duty Heie the WAACs yyoik with the men can take ad vantage of the seivice clubs and even have the pm ilege of mai lying an army man (one of the WAACs met hei man and was maiiied in six yyeeks) feeiyice in the WAACs will pio vide valuable tiaining foi post wai lobs Intelesting positions, yvhich have been filled include photogiaph 1C laboiatoiy technicians cameia technicians, weathei obseiveis, code eleiks tianslatois and linguists Wbmen with ability and aptitude yvill be selected foi tiaining in these fields, if thev have not had pievious expellence The WAAC’s aie oi ganizing bands thiee of y\hich aie all eady undei yy ay
Personnel Notes Distinguished Greenkeeper$ Hold
Conference, Discuss Care Of Golf Courses
Consolidated Airciaft Corp., San Diego, California—Pebruaiy 18 and 19 Intel ested in Apiil, August giaduate students in CE, ME, AE,
EE
These companies do not plan to yisit the campus, howevei, they aie inteiested in students foi employment Continental Can Co, Inc, Chicago, 111—Inteiested in analytical chemists and chemical engineeis Sign in Peisonnel Office by Tuesday, Febiuaiy 16 Vilen B DuMont Laboratoiies, Inc, Passaic, Neyv Jeisey—Inteiested in EE, Physicists, ME, ChE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wed nesday, Febiuaiy 17 Mead Johnson & Company, Zeeland, Michigan—Inteiested in bacteiiologists Eastman Kodak Company, Rochestei, Neyy Yoik—Inteiested in Apiil and August EE ME, PSE Sign in Peisonnel Office by^ Satuiday, Febiuaiy 20 The Leland Electric Co , Dayton, Ohio-—Inteiested in Apiil oi August EE Sign in Peisonnel Office bjr Satuiday, Febiuaiy 20
Infoimation can also be obtained at the Peisonnel Office legaiding Scholaiships and felloyy ships at the Univeisity of Pennsylvania, Em ployment oppoitunities in Indiana Stat^ Sei vice, Pie seiyice Tiaining 111 Public Administiation
Cadettes
Netmen (Continued fiom pa„e 1) Wiese, f 10 1 Mandlei c 11’ Mullaney c 0 1 f Lund, g 111 Stiack, g j 0 3
Totals 11 5 16 27 Flee thioyys missed — Puidue Lawson 2 Ehleis 2 Biggs, Kennedy^ Mcnke Bioyyei Michigan Gibeit 2 Mandlei 2 Stiack 2, Doyle, Lund
(Continued fiom page 1) numbei of the buildings foi the size of the student body She didn’t see “hoyy all of those buildings could possibly be used ” The coeds’ fiiendhness amazed the southeineis yyho had expected to meet “those ice beig noithein CIS, as Mai ion Pike put it Social I lie Beyy ildering Soc al lilc on the campus has lathoi beyyildeicd the southern belles They say that theie aie ‘ dozens ’ of places to dance in col lege towns in Texas, but lieie all they can find is the Union Anothei thing they don’t appiove of is the system of no cut dances They like the ‘tag system’ of dancing yyheie paitneis change hands often dm in-, the eyening Men on the campus meet yy ith then yy hole hcai ted ap pi oval They yyeie especially im piessed by the one sided latio They said ‘It’s almost impossible to get stuck yyitli a man lieie, because theie aie so many nice tall ones
ai ound ”
The -,eneial iiujiiession made by campus and students seemed on the yyhole to be vciy flatteiin-. One thing hoyy ey Cl annoyed them gieatly They insist that the name of this toyyn is Laafayatte, not Lajfayette oi Laffajette
(Continued fiom page 1) 5 86, Alvin Hendeison, B 74, Robeit King, 5 80, Walter Prange, 6 71, Robeit Batcheloi, 5 62, Meile Bunkel, 5'/3, Quentin Evans, 5 82, Wilmei Feldmeii, 5 62, Alexander Jaiema, 5 58, .leiome Kohl, 6 79, Russell Patiick, 5 50, Edward Pita, 5 86, Richaid Reed, 5 68, Wilfred Scull, 5 68, Judd Veai, 5 61, George Walden, 5 64, Thomas Wall, 6 67, Hans Woimsei, 5 81, Paul Zmola, 5 61, Geoige Kugai, 5 81, Elfa Biooks, 5 69, Dons Hahnstein, 5 58, Helen Lumpkin, 5 67, Betty Morrow, 5 52 ^ Martha Riggs, 5 57, John Kohlmeyei, 5 61, William Bacheldei, 5 51, Myion Bender, 5 84, Charles Boonstia, 5 51, Geoige Byers, 5 90, Leonard Cohn, 5 75, Treva Davis. 5 93, Katheimo Howes, 5 62, Ruth Levin 5 61, Harrison Miller, 5 83, Marilyn Schanbacher, 5 52, Dale Blitz, 5 81, Merville Howland, 5 89, Max Sacks, 5 69, Henry Wilkens, 5 76, Charles Morns, 6 66, Charles Bakei, 5 64, Donald Mark, 5 50, David Burger, 5 61 Kendall Gilbert, 5 68, Richard Hayes, 5 86, Marcum Schneider, 5 56, Robeit Stein, 6 00, Louis Suss, 5 55, Moity Schusslei, 5 73, Sister Wetli, 6 64, Sally Beall, 5 90, Vera Dougherty, 5 60, Mary Lauer, 5 85, Fiances Mellon, 5 84, Margaret Paikei, 5 71, Jeanne Wagoner, 5 66, Doiothy Coithwaite, 5 73, Moiiib Miller, 5 68, Doiothy Rags
dale, 5 70
Robeit Edyvaidb, 5bl, Ralph Howes, 5 55, Robeit Woodyyaid, 5 50, James Abeinethy'' 5 73, Merritt Goff 5 69, Donald Meier, 5 51, Richard Ball, 5 75, Geoige Siu, 5 89, Walter Kiemmel, 5 61, hiedenck Tuinei, 5 51, John Aniibliong 5 83, Geoige Beinhaidt 5 72, William Carson, 5 84, Fred Esenyrein 5 79, Raymond Paik 5 91, Walter Rafeit, 5 77, Roberta Buechcle, 5 64, Dana Johnson 5 52, Mildred Smith 5 60, Manone Bollinan 5 66 Dona Inon 5 52, Fiedenck Jones 5 51, Daniel Kline 5 78, Frances MtPhcison 5 83 and Doiothy Stock, 5 60
Eveiything for a College Education DEAC’S
Discussing “what they can do within the framework of war regu lations,” the Fifth Annual Indiana Gieenkeepeis’ Short Couise opened on the campus yesterday to cover subjects pertaining ^o maintenance and management of golf courses The calendar for the two-day meeting is as follows On yesterday afternoon, problems dealing with the soil and methods of caring for it yveie discussed This morning the care of the grass will be discussed. In connection with these problems, special emphasis is being placed upon war - time substitutes for chemical nitrogen Additional discussions of the conference are on the latest developments in the fesrtilizer field led by 0 J Noer, agronomist from Mil waukee, Wis , feltilizers with Di Geoige D Scaisetlr anft Glen Leh kei in charge, grasses and faiiyyays with Prof G 0 Mott as leader, general maiiitenance problems led by 0 C Lee and Carl Bretzlaff of Indiandpolis At a dinner held at Lincoln Lodge last night, Dr Scaiseth spoke on South America and shoyyed films relating to the subject The Gieenkeepeis’ Short Couise lb sponsored by the Division of Physical Education for Men, De paitment of Agricultural Exten Sion, and Indiana Greenkeepeis’ Extension and nndiaira Gieenkeepeis’ Association Varsity Runners (Continued fiom page 3) giaphic meet yvith the freshmen of Wiscoiibin The local rhinies yveie victorious by a score of 60 to 38 Riyetei Mike Bojinoff yvas able to cany ayyay three first places and lie for ti other first Bopnoff took fiist place in the 40 yard loyy hui dll s, the 40 yard hi,„h huidlgs the broad jump and tied tor fiist place in the 40 yard dash Walter Blum, the freshman high lumping star tuined in a record of 6 feet 2 t inches in his event The results of the vaisity meet in Chicago are as folloyys
Notices
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the day precedinff the issue. Interfratcrnity PresidcntB Council Members may get their council keys at the liatcrnity Affairs Office —MORGAN All M T 7 Students Report to University Cashici and draw unifoim comutation *none> —BROWN Navy VI, V 5 and V-7 Members of Navy Enlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to piovc membeishlp in the Navy Reserve should leave name, place and date of induction home address and classi fication in my office A request loi these caids will be made to the Office of Naval Officci Procuicmcnt —KNAPP Westminster Girls Club The nneting date has been changed to hebruary 16 The group Will meet at the Foundation ^20 North bt for supper Miss Edith Gamble of the Institution Management Department will speak on Vitamins, Vitality and Victory - —THOMA
60 Yard Dash Won bv Towle Wisconsin Socrgel Wisconsin second Rue Northwest trn thud Binckcr Purdue foiiith Timt 06 4 Mile Run—Won by Randall Chicago Ducsler Puidue ‘-ceond Kinder Purdue third Stafford Wisconsin fouith Time 4 22 0 Pole Vault Andeison ind Foster Wis cousin tied for first Newman Purdue thud Kinehcloe Chicago fouith Height 12 feet b inches 140 Yard Dash—Won by Fianek North western Beardsley Chicago second Arch er Puidue thud Ho Wisconsin fourth Time ol 1 70 Yaid High Hurdles Won by Lambeit Wisconsin Rasmushcn Chicago second Cooley Noithwestein thud Baines Pui due fourth Time 00 Iwo Mile Run Won ly Fi slien Minue•'Ota Ducslei Puidue second Mayer Oakes Chieigo thud Seward Puidiu fourth lime <) m H High Jump Won Iv Ilodgell Wisconsin James Northwcstein second Bubnei Pin flue third Ridei Chic igo and Hosfield Minnesota tied fei fouith Height b feet 1 inches Shot Put W<ni b\ Be Idle Wiscinsin (.labb Wisccn in seci nd Lekberj., Miniu sota ind McNutt Noithwestern tied foi third Distance 4 leel 880 Yaid Run Won bv P( hi ind Minni otn Beaidsley Chicago sect nd Staffor I N\iseonsin third Bauei Wisconsin fourth I ime 1 7 ~ 0 Yaid I jw Hurdles W< n bv TiwU Wisconsin James Nmtliwe stein seeund I umbert Wi cm in thud Cielcv Ne rth western fouith Time 08 1 Pre 1(1 Jumn W n b> Jimes Njithwest in Fostei Wisconsin second MeFizdean Wisconsin thud Moiciu Wisconsin fourth Distane ^2 feet u eh s '' Mile Re lav Won by Puidue (Hinelei I un woith Livinghe se Aichei) Chie ig > second Wisconsin thiiel Northwcstein I uilh 1 ime i U 0
Alf Studenta All Enhsted Reserve Corpft membeis who have completed their Basic Military Training^ and are not m the Advanced Course should call at Roorti B 7 Armory for their Military Tiaining Certifi cates - ROBINSON All Military Students Second gioup of 5 icels sound filnft on subject Anti Aircraft atid Anti-Mech Defense wiB be shown in EtE building assembly Wednesday Ecb 17 4pm All Military students invited to at tend ^ MAIER Surveying Ixaminations foi removal of rtonditions in Ck* 6 and CE 10b will be hold m Room 101 CE Bldg Satuiday afternoon I*4eb 20 Permits must bt obtained in Room 102 CE Bldg befoie Itlclay February 19
—LOMMDL
Education Students K ippa Delta Pi open meeting Tuesday Fcbi uary lb, at 7 JO p m iti Faculty Lounge Dr Dodds will lead a linticl discussion of Teaching in a Woild at Wai -JOHNSON Alpha Phi Omega Foimal pledging Tue'f dny Feb lb at 7 10 p m in room 307 of the Union Impoitant meeting for actives aiftoiward All actives aie reminded to bring their pledge board to the meeting
-GOSSWEIN
TAG Sophomores Important meetings for nti worktrs Wednesday and Thiasday Feb IF and 18 —MORGAN Skull and Crescent Pledges Meet in the Stadium Thursday Feb 18 at 7 3(( p m I^ing flashlight paddU and pencil ind pa per —CHESINUI Kappa Delta Pi Meeting 1 uesday I cb lb 'it/ ( 30 p m in Faculty Lounge
—JOHNSON
M8 5 Students Advaiued course unifoims will be ivailabic after 1pm Thursday lebiuuy 18 through Satuiday nodJi^kd) jLKiiv 20 1113 V7 00 deposit must b paid btrfort unifoim is cleliveied BROWN All Military Students A spt( lal showing oC thi weekly films ot the Military Depail mieii} will be held in the Armory on Thins tloy evening I cb IS 1013 it 1 p m Ihis IS in addition to thi ugulai Wednesday shiwing and is f( i those students who ire un ible to attend Wednesday Students who <an should make anangements to attend the icn ular Wednesday show MAIi R
Catalyst Actives and Pledges* Initiation Thursday^ Feb 18 m Chem and Met Bldg Meeting start at 7 p m shar|i Pledtfds bring full box and signed boards Plhasc be prompt _ --BADQER Agricultural Business Staff Meeting today at 1 p m in offee Be sure to bd there —HARDIN Pi Tau Sigma All members interested in bowling M E faculty be at Union AU^ys Wednesday February 17 at 7 ^ —HAGENMAIER Scabbard & Blade Formal pledging on Wednesday leb 17 at 4 30 in the At-mdry All actives be piesent m uniform by 4 15 foi shoit meeting ■—HECKARD Foresters Meeting Wednesday Feb 17, at 8 p m Dr F L Potter will show pictures on his travels in England Refr^hments will be servtd —WEAVER Scabbard and Blade Dance CommUtee Meeting tonight at 7 p m in roon^SG of the Union —RAFERT Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held m room 302 of the Union It 7 30 tonight kebruary 16 -—SOMMER
ui'd 3
Classified Ads
Wanted—Stuck nUs interested in peddling fch( Exponent Call Exponent, 4005 Ask f6r Kiocplin T>i)ewrilers Adding machines all makes sold lentici lepairecl and purchased Mimcogiaph work done C J Lbcishoff 606 Mam, Lafayette Phone «779 Money to Loan On diamonds watches guns luggigi typcwnt(-is Alberts I.K}Qn Ottiec 10 Columbia Will pcison who ex( hanged eoiits with mo Ml 1 emu s BailKi Shop last Wednesday please cill 6 61 Ask loi Fiust
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION BEGINNERS MAY ENROLL WEDNESDAY, FEB. 17th, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED DANCERS ENROLL THURSDAY, FEB. 18th, 7:00 P. M. P M ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry Sis.
Southworth
r 1 j Steaks
j--|,UALITY FOODS
Short
1 and
I 1
Orders
Chops
\^UICK SERVICE
Filled
HOMEMADE PIES AT
SMITTY'S COACH
311 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
9^ i}DU. ahn. ''Aiahiinq^ io wiftL lAmJsL \ Now is the time— Here is the place— to unload those USED BOOKS which you no longer need YOU’LL get MORE in CASH or TRADE
law you wear a ve ever had lOur costume ,g aip. tt SVZbl IE „th three scal(viay besn.ppt'l Jarticular skirt
at
Jlaeth.
riinr
PliRDUE STORE
308-10 iTATC (TREEI WE5T LAFAYtTTE IND
Follow your government’s advice in food and fuel conservation
American homemakers can play a vital part in our country’s effort to build a victorious nation ... by avoiding food wastes ... by exacting every last bit of nutnttous value from all foods they prepare ... by saving fuel... and by making their household appliances outlast the war! There are many ways to do this triple job. Below are a few of the high spots that apply to any home where GAS is used for cooking Read them carefully and follow as many of the simple rules as you can:
HOW TO SAVE FOOD Roast meat at low temperature in your GAS oven and reduce shrinkage. Remember that the flexible GAS flame can be regulated to any degree of heat you need, eliminating scorching and over-cooking of food. Use any remaining vegetable liquids in soups, gravies, sauces, or cold in tomato lutce. Plan one casserole dish a week to use left-overs.
HOW TO SAVE VITAMINS Cook^egetables^y thei4^waterless” method for which your^GArrange is especially suited. The flexible GAS flame will give you the exact degree of heat you^need.^Bring vegetables to boiling point quickly over full GAS flame, then turn flame low and cook gently. Keep utensilsj:overed and do not use soda io vegetables. Store vegetables ta hydrator of refrigerator.
Southworth’s
HOW TO SAVe ruiL
Do not pre-heat your GAS oven or broiler too long. Remember GAS is fast' Plan complete oven and broiler meals, to make full use of GAS Avoid using small pans on large or giant top burners Do not heat any more water injhe kettle than is needed. The speedy GAS flame will heat it quickly nexLtime you need itl
•P U B LIC -SERVICE -COM PA N-Yj^O F - TN DIA N A ,s INC..