' SPORTS COLUMN Relates Boilermaker I ' J' Chances Next Saturday
MeRRY-^O-ROUHO •V Says U. S. Needs New » * .C - Amb^sador To China ^
Established 1S89
Hit Hfitshifo
Volume 55, No. 18
PUPdoe 'University; West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, Sepfembyr 29, 1942
To Speak
Here Tomorrow iCngineermg Staff, Seniors To Hear ^ Lectures On Employer-Employee Status Harry Newton Clarke, industrial relations engineer from Clevelaild, Ohio, will be on the eampus beginning tomorrow and continuing through Friday of this week. A schedule of lectures has been arranged for him so that all seniors g,nd the Engineering staff will be given an opportunity to learn firsthand just what is being done in many outstanding industrial concerns on this problem. If it i
not possible to attend the lecture, Clarke may be heard at one of the other scheduled sessions. Staff members are invited to attend any of the sfessions which may be convenient
for them.
During the past 26 years, Mr. Clftrke, Who once stated that the one most important factor in the sue-
Civil's, RSE';, Take Second Position
KiWdnis Club Closes Convention C4 “ V i ’ 1 -r. I . Orville R. Maxfield Elected
Qer Your Rassle Tickets
They Last
By Willas Vermilion
Leader Of Indiana State Group In the closing business session yesterday, at the 25th annual Indiana Eiiwanis “Victory Conference”,-Orville R, Maxfield of Ft. Wayne was elected governor of Indiana Kiwanis
Irr accordance with the rules >
of the Senior Cord Parade con- ^Diying deep into the local London Subway station, the scene for 1943, succeeding Lowell Taylor of Vincennes, test it is officially announced of the great hullabaloo this Friday, we see the turnstiles turn- Linfield Meyers of Anderson was re-elected treasurer, while that the G; A. Young trophy ing ahd everybody running to the nearest dispensing agency William Van Ness of Ft. Wayne was appointed to serve as
Physical Ed Group Meets On Campus
Methods of oi’ganizing and conducting “physical fitness” programs
will go to the seniors in the for the Sigma Delta Chi Riveter’s Rassel tickets. Those posSchool of Metallurgical Engi- ter-like tickets are now on sale at the West Desk of the Union neering who managed to show and may also be obtained from any active or pledge of the
a 100 per cent attendance at the Cord Parade last Saturday. Second place was taken by the combined Civil and Public Service Engineers with an attendance of 98.5 per cent. The Chemical Engineers were third with 95.4 per cent of
Large Audiente Sees Dedication
aforementioned journalistic fraternity for the disgustingly
low price of $1.643/j[,.
These tickets are built in two sections, one being a stub to let the holder and his date in; the other being a poster to use as a souvenior in case said couples
Playshop Changes Dates Of First Play Tick^ Office Will Fill
Indiana Kiwanis secretary
during 1943.
A number of new resolutions were adopted at the business meeting, one calling upon support of the government and the nation’s press in the scrap col-
lection drive.
Final featiure of the two-day conference was the victory dinner held last night, with Governor Henry F. Schricker present as one of the
cess of any business was human jn the high school of Indiana were
Teiations, has held responsible posi- ., , , . .
' tions in industry and for the past 16 by 364 principals and inyears has served many others in a structors fiom 127 schools who atconsulting and training capacity. At tended a clinic at the University
^ the present time there are more today.
than 4,000 executives and super- an address of welcome to the visors enrolled in his courses. group. Prof. Frank C. Hockema, as- , Such questions as “Supervisor- sistant to the President, pointed out |e >'> Employee Relations,” “Grievances,” that “the war situation has emphat“Executive Control,” “Union Rcia- ically called oui attention to the tlonships” and other problems of physical fitness of youth . . . their ^ this nature will be discussed by Mr. health and all those conditions that Clarke. make for sound vitality. Health is Clarke will be the main speaker so vital a factor in social progress, at a Tau Beta Pi banquet to be held as well as m the individual’s happiThursday evening at 6:46. The talk ness and success, that cvciy movct wilt last a half hour and will be fol- ment toward its conservation should lowed by an open forum. appeal to the good citizen. The vi'Thc schedule of Mr. Clarke’s lec- tal importance to the war effort of
Mail Orders Tomorrow
, j i principal speakers. The University Playshop has announced that ^ J;, , •, , .. • , •’ ‘ Glee Club provided the musical en-
their seniors aDoearimr and persons attended leader’s left ear tneir seniors appealing, and the dedication ceremonies and open treasure.
they were closely followed by house at Neeley Memoiial Wesley ^Jpon entering the subway please “Cuckoos on the Hearth,” the sea- ^rtainmenroTthk brnauer the Electricals, who had 94.9 Foundation, Sunday afternoon, sign your name to the stub so when son’s first production, will be pre- ^^ertainment 01 tnis oanquet. per cent attendance. ^^ich opened for use the new ygg3 ticket is picked as the winner sented Tuesday through Friday. Dwision Governors Fifth in lino worn tho Me religious cen- gf Dorothy “Dotty” Lamour’s auto- October 13, M, 15 and 16, instead
0.111,11 ill 1111c wci« tii« me- ter at the University. Many alumni gj.aphed sarong you can hear a of on the four days formerly sched- for each Indiana Kiwanis division, chanicals, who barely passed, and representatives of the Founda- familiar name called and swoon at uled. This change in dates merely were elected. The new lieutenant with only 77.4 per cent of their tion board of directors fiom all over the proper time. Dotty herself was means that each performance is govei-nors are: Hari-y Hennock, La
Twelve lieutenant governors, one
seniors shov/ing up.
tui’es is as follows: Wednesday— Chemical and Metallurgical Enginering Senoirs in Room 302 of the
these physical‘hardening progTanis in the high schools and colleges cannot be’overestimated.”
Chemical Engineering Building at Navy Program Outlined 11' a. m.; Student Industrial Rela- intensive Navy conditioning tions and Personnel Board in the program was outlined by Guy West Faculty Lounge at 4 p. m.; Mackey, the Univeisity’s athletic Engineering staff meeting in the diiector, while Dr. F. R. Eastwood, West Faculty Lounp at 7:30 p. m. of the University’s staff, described Thursday Civil Engineering ^hc operation and oiganization of Seniors in Room 201 of the CE tkg ^{j. Training Corps of America, Building at 11 a. m.. Mechanical Jnc., program for high school stu-
dents.
One of the objectives of the preflight physical training program, .“the will to win against odds, the love of «omhat, the willingness to sacrifice for an ideal, obedience, stamina, determination, aggressiveness, Spartan ruggedness, and the desire to cooperate with others,” was cited by Mackey as one that would be applicable to any scliool program. ' Motion Pictures ^ Demonstrations ol conditioning activities for high school students, as well as the University “Physical Preparedness” program, along with special motion pictures and a loundtable luncheon discussion, comprised the remainder of the clime schedule.
Engineering Senioi's in Room 207 of the ME Building a 4 p. m. Friday — Electrical Engineering Seniors in Room 117 of the EE Building at 9 a. m.; Electrical Engi-neering-Seniors in Room 117 of the EE Building at 10 a. m.; Faculty Personnel Representatives in Room 330 of the Union Building at 1:30 p. m.; Science Seniors in Room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m.
* praised the beauty and utility of the
Music for Cary Club’s annual fall building and expressed appreciation dance to be held Saturday fiom 8:30 of what it means to the University, to 11:30 p. m. in the 1101 th ballroom Bishop Titus Lowe, of the Indianof the Union will be provided by apolis area, made a brief address Bud Roderick and hrs orchestra. and conducted the dedicatory ritual. Roderick comes from the Univer- ^ general reception and inspecsity of Illinois and has made fie- ‘‘ion of the entire building followed quent appearance on the campus in dedicatory rites with refreshthe past year. He has been playing ™ents serveef in the Great Hall oil
at Ideal Beach during the summer, second floor.
Bud’s band is noted for its reed sec-
tion and its “Music Styled for You’’ Seniors Will Choose
His band played at the Jailbird mixer during last year’s Gala Week. At 10 o’clock Cary Club will hold a reception for faculty members in
the state attended. to be given away as second prize but moved up one day. The change was Porte; Ray Kauffman, Breman; Dr. Heil D. Bollinger, Nashville, to government regulations such affected to prevent a clash with the John Edris, Bluffton; Donald Crise, Tenir., former student pastor at the ^ prize is impossible Ickes wairted Don Cossack Chorus convoc^rtion, Winamac; Earl Jacobs, Kokomo; University gave the dedicatory ad- her anyway. which has been re-scheduled for Rev. Wesley Pugh, Muncie; Ward dress, in which he sketched the pur- Optional Attire October IT. IVjlaylrall, Greencastle; A. Ted pose and objective of such founda- Diggs for the affair will be op- Order Tickets Tomorrow Money, Shelbyville; Roy Valentine,
1 n XT , you can wear clothes or not; Also important in connection with
Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assist- but all those not wearing clothes the opening play is the fact seats ^^ouch ant to the president, representing will have a special dance of “their may be ordered by mail beginning Joseph Williams, New
the University on the program, own outside’the Union, according tomorrow; but it is requested that
to a statement made by L. M. Val-
(See RASSLE, page 4)
Lt. Louis Aull, EE'41,
everyone who has purchased season tickets send in his blue “Claudia” stub ticket for this play, “Cuckoos on the Hearth.” The importance of this Was stressed by Bert Squier, publicity manager of Playshop. “Ciickoos on the Hearth” is a
Visiting Kiwanians from all sections of Indiana were welcomed to the conference by Prof. F. C. Hockema of the University and Simon Heemstra, president of the Lafayette club. A service flag honoring the Indiana members of the
, _ . . . - . ■ „ organization who are now in the hilarious comedy; it is satire on aU presented at the
it A T J opening meeting by J. Raymond Of PnMM Af a mflilV SchUtz of Indianapolis, Kiwanis InUi rui 11 I Ml lUUajf a splendid performance is expected, ternational trustee. Another high-
Tf Tonis F Aull EE ’41 will u special perform^mes are to ^
sneaktdavft4 n mInroomToe for Jefferson High School, ^-3 the musical numspeak today at 4 _p. m. m 100m the sailors of the Naval Traimng p^esehted by the University
hAilf of the Armory, before an open meet- School, and the officers of the Naval iyillt, Ddll XatQmmiXXee mg of the POMM. The subject of Training School. Concert Choir.
Seven senior members of the Mil-
the East 1'acuity Lounge of the Jtaiy Ball committee will hold intcr-
Union.
jt. Anil’s talk will be the life and
work at the Field Artillery Schobl,
Season Tickets On Sale
Season tickets are still on sale for
Kappa Sigma
Over 550 Attend
More than 550 persons in all at-
T,. , w , in Port Sill, Okla. This meeting is the season ticxets are stiu on saieior ^he streamlined war-time
Thursday at 4 p m. m tl e ^ presented by the attractive Playshop series. They
Armoiy to select eight uniois to the Order on information vital to all uiay be purchased for $1.50 froin gave their opinnn fKn Fnn, advaiiccd course of any Playshop representative or at ^ns as to how the group as a whole
Directories
A preliminary edition of the student li^t df the University Directory has been printed and is /now ready for distribution to members of the staff from the office of the University Editor and te the students from the Registrar’s office. Each fraternity, sorority, rooming house, or co-operative house may obtain one by calling at the Registrar’s office. Officers of student activities may also obtain copies. The edition is not large enough to provide for individual students. The Registrar’s office should be notified of any errors or corrections not already reported. —R. B. Stone, Registrar.
help serve on the committee. Foui of these new members aie to be
. . . social fraternity, announces chosen from M. T. 5 and the others election results and new initiates, from M. T. 6 this year. ^ The following arc the new ofliceis: Senior members who served on Henry Wilkens, piesidciit; Miller the committee for Miliatry Ball last
Nourse, vice-pic.sident; Phil Wool- year and who aie on the committee -“the 6th Division, Port Leonard
ery, master 01 ceremonies; Don this year are: Cad. Colonel A. L
the Fowler Hall ticket office. Also,
and each member individually could
Hanlon, treasuici; Phil Snydei, sec- Jackson, chairman; Cad. Colonel W. ^l^jhgAi's'ghpoj^at Fort Sul^He Activities Bureau
retary; Tom Mariow gu.ml;, Dmk H Umke. Cad. Major B. L. Hadley
Giaham guard; Phil Hairis and Cad Major Fred L Jones Cad 1st graduates
Dick Graham, CO-1 ush chairmen, and Lt. II. T. Smith, Cad. 1st Lt. E. M.
Vegetable Growers Award Scholarship To Walter Scott Walter Scott, freshman at the Umveisity, has been awarded one of the cash scholarships given by the National Vegetable Groweis’ Association. This was the announcement of Robert Frazer, Indiana’s extension specialist in vegetables, after receiving ccftifirmation from Grant B. Snyder, chairman of th^e Scholarship Committee. Amount of the scholarships lange fiom $5000 to $100, depending on the applicant’s record, but the amount of Scott’s scholarship was' not announced. Presentation will be made at the meeting of the National Vegetable Growers’ Association 111 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in De-
cember.
Scott was graduated from Ottcrbein high school last spring and while in high school he won leltovs in baseball, track and habkctball.
Bob Davis, house managei. New initiates are Phil Thomp,son,
Indianapolis; Jim Wagnei, Freelandville; Harry Eidenbeiry, Muncie; Jack Babbitt, Louisville, Ky.; Art Jackhn, West Lafayette; Otis
Lewiecki, and Cad. Magner.
Isl Lt. P. G.
Sigma Delta Chi
national professional jour- Wood.
the ROTC. Honor Graduate admission tickets ^ill he put
An honor graduate of the Uni- on sale October 5. These tickets ran President Fred G. McAlister, versity, Lt. Aull was commissioned ? London, Ont„ Canada, of Kiwanis June, 1941. After serving a month ^ejeet office too and will cost $.75. international, declared “It will not
be enough to win this war—^we must
win it in time.”
All Kiwanis delegates were urged to arrange for their respective clubs to observe national newspaper week, Oct. 1 to 8, emphasizing the
Interviews from the University’s role being played by the na-
ciucy wiuiu.eouix^ivi>5iu...i^u piej.- Activities Bureau for the Freshmen tion’s newspapers during this na-
(iVit he is Commander of Headquar- Actmties Uiueau 101 the hieshmen
ters Battery, 72nd Field Artillery to b^gin tonight, tional emeigency. Biigade stationed at Fort Leonard ^^^h year at the beginning of the
from other universities. Upon completion of the course he returned to duty with the 6th Division. At pres-
To Interview Hall Frbsli
term the bureau interviews all in-
Hill, Omaha, Neb.; Jack Harshman, nalistic fraternity, announces the While at the University, Lt. Aull coming fieshmen, toe purpose of 2ll1 •m 1.4! i-. ii/r„,, T.. „ —i these interviews beiiia: to find out mXUvXwXXLO
Frankfort; Max Carbon, West La- election of Kenneth Roquemorc, was a distinguished student and intm’views being to find out fayette; G. W. Wolf, Logansport; David Shryer, Clint Sowaids, and was a member of POMM, Scabbard y^at activities the fieshmen were
Tom Shriver, Huntington, and Stan Stanford Wolf as pledges for the and Blade, Reamers, Tau Beta Pi, Atz, Denvei, Colo. fall semester. and Eta Kappa Nu.
War Training Class Attracts 300 People Nearly 300 townspeople, moie than half of them women, registered for the war training classes which the University is offering this year dui'ing the Initial week of registration. The first classes opened last night and registration will con-
tinue until Saturday.
New classes being organized this week include engineering mathematics, taught by A. 1. May of the
physics department; advanced time He was on the livestock, poultry and motion study, Lee Pipage of and eiop judging teams annually, general engineering; production en- but excelled in vegetable work in g'ineering, instructed by A. M.'^'state and national participation. Iri Bramblett of the Peerless Wire 1939 he took first in Indiana on all Company; advanced radio, Harry phases of the work and first in the Evans of the Indiana State Police; United States at Philadelphia on and gear fundamentals, instructor iciontification of vaiicties. In 1940, to be announced. he tied for first in national at Other classes for which icgistia- Columbus, OhiP, on recognition of tion is still open are engin6ering varieties and diseases and Insects drawing, electrical, metallurgy of attacking vegetables; and in 1941, aluminum, fuiidamentals of radio, ho was third in Indiana and won the provision measurements, lime and right to lopresont the state in na- , motion study and industrial chem- tiohal meet at Pittsburgh, in Deisti'jr. « cember.
Campus Sex Fights l| Out As Yotihg For Rasste Queeh ClU^is Tonight
(Editor’s note: A last minute . , . . , .. . . . . . , . avalanche of votes at the polls last ^^cad but in the wrong d.rec- his own s raitjacket. tion. They piobably still wonder Ihe following aic the latest re- sopfiomores, Marion Lively, Jean
interested in in high school and what would appeal to them in the
University.
The names and activities of the students are kept on file in the Activities Bureau office. This enables any activity to secure the names of freshhien interested in working on that particular activity. It is not onl^ beneficial to the organizations, but also to the students who’ otherwise would hesitate to come out for activities which appeal to them. Interviews will be held by eight
Student Emergency information files are available in the Union at all times for emergency use only. These cards are under the supervision of certain members of the Union staff and are not to be removed. They are not to be used as general information cards by students, or faculty. . t'. C. Hockema, ‘Assistant to the President
night slightly altered the standing of the candidates as mentioned in
been made up-to-date.)
where they got so many enemies, turns:
this'artTcir ThV labulaHons'Iave practically untouched Penny Pennington
coeds aie Jean Thompson, Pat Me- Pat McLaughlin
Laughlin, Dotty Dittman, Ruth Dotty Dittinan T, *-04 Wilcox and Penny Pennington each Ruth Wilcox By Democratic System , • ” . , ,
still having neaily their original one Jean Thompson
Hey, voting for the Queens of the Kumaiappa Sigma Delta Chi Riveters Rassle ^3 votes turned in have Nedra Ann Pierce closes tonight at 12.03. Get youi crude ways, either Burly Bob Seeburger votes in now and the inoie the nicr- typewritten. Those Tillic Croll
in charge are rather disappointed Mable Vaughn
In case you are still in doubt they had expected the more Vivian Peterson about the way this seiewiest of ambitious young people of the earn- Sis Wiley screwy elections is being run the ^^^^3 jj. more enthus- Betty Ann McCrcery SDX officials again state the rules, jagm and at least a mimeograph. Virginia Barson Eveiy candidate starto out with a ^et going, anybody still has a Ruth Frier
chance. « , Jean Patrick
Circular File ' ' Mary Lou Sternlihrg
All votes arc being kept'in f larj’e Alice Chatfteld
It. D. C. Strallen Named For Wisconsin Position
cool million votes and every ballot cast for them is in reality one cast against them. In other words, if yon wqnt your nominee to win vole for
the others. Ijatc Returns
Yost, Jane Spiague, Faye Tyler,
999,473 Virginia Graves, Marjean Graves,
IZill Elizabeth Peet all of the Activities WomeifilRrverse o/the uTto"1^11^1 999 Ss ' S n ^as been named assistant qS’Sp ^ to tbo oxocutive officer of the Naval llnill ost cooperation at the time they are ^ Unl^elsity
997,500 called to be intei-viewed.
997.000 k
Ro^d School Oi^p
oosiooo Meets On Campus
993,750 Members of the program com- Naval Traimng School at Smith 992,600 mittee for the University Road GoUege tomorrow. She will then 991,400 School held their annual meeting take up hei’ duties at the Madison 991,250 yesterday morning in the civil en- training school, which will open Oe991,250 gineering building. Leadei’s of the tobev 9 for the training of the first 981,260 various cooperating organizations class of 470 women radio operatois.
978,100 attended the session. ^
978.000 Although he has been called to R. £. Williams
Lt. Dorothy C. Stratton of the
of the Wisconsin at Madison. Lieqteuant Stratton, who is on l^ave of absence fiom the University, will be .graduated from the
circular file in toe office oi the Ex- Late last night a local sorority active .military duty, Capt. Ben H ponent. All those who wish to eon- which must remain unannounced Petty is still teaching and in charge
, , _ _ , . ‘ • EE '34, has recently been
test the results of tlie voting may until charges have been pvefeiTed of the highway teaching and ex- piade manager of the School Service Laic last night, when the day’s come in at any Lime and count votes, and tried, tried to pass off several tension progi-am for the Univeraity. of the WeStinghouse Electric and
votes were counted, Alice Chatfield However, anyone going insane in thousand blank votes. The blanks He has been in charge of the road JifonufactwlBg Company, Pitts-
and Mary Lou Sternberg were ’way the process will have to provide were, of com-se, not counted. school for 20 years. burgh,‘ Poatteylvania.
.i !'
i, /'fl'/■
;■ ’,■" •_ ' ’ ’I' s-'v ||^
Purdue Exponent Offices:'Editorial and Buiinott, Purdue Memorial Union/l^hona 4005 Sports, Fieldhouso, Phone 2792 ' Editorial Phone After - TO p. m., 5277
RHitnr-in-Chief,...,,.«, News Kdi(nr_: ...•a .a. MsnaijitiR liditor..... Spores' Zidifor )?us!r.cs3 .Manager. . Coed Editor
i. Jnhn P* Amos T. Brophr ....John p. Armsirbha ...Robert Lu Hodior :......:.;...iKen K. Gjemte Alira Chataeld
Publication Staff
Associate Sditorl. - Edilorial Staff: D. W. Ocheiitree, A. P.'Huntef, W., Ei Rafert, U. E. liiitz. W. G. Hoskins, R. W.-BosHicinkle, K. Roquotnore, O. Wolf. ■ . . o' ■;l)ril5 fc't.in': D. E. Brewer, J. S, Ddtrsoti, D. Shryef, C. Cnerf Polly Beall, Cliarlotte Hast, Jeati Lauer, felaitie All:-, :•
Businett StaflF
Ct.'fd I’ufiincss Managrer: JuJia Martin. . .\dv(Mis:riir Manaffers: ,T. M. Wrisrht, D. li. Johnson, J. rfetty. C'iictiintion Manager: G. H. Kloumaft. Accounts Manager: Trena Torren^a. Junior Coed Managrera: Ellen Cl&rh, Jnne Keim«
The Purdue Independent
Ediior-in-Chief Manapin^r Editor. Busine.'^s Manager Coed Editor... Advcrtisrnir Manager.... Acrounfs Manager Circulation Manager.,...
Baria ........Ed BdMpVey. Bl win. W (lha.dtiil .....Roheria- KeMlii^ .;$pi(>:tt ;• Browji .......George ..fiarold Hendricks
Xighl Editor: Wolf Day Editor i Hass
Staff For Thii liiMA
SttoHs, Editor: Shtytr tsBut Etlitiir: .Miitphy
reporters: Richardson, Petry, Vemrilibh/Ba^nCsr.iDdnha^, He < es, Sanders, Porter, Schiltz, Ford, Mann, t<yhch, Snii.h, Thompson, Riggs, Rich. ' • * ..
Entered as second class matter at, fhC post office,in..Izafaycite, Indiana, under the act of Congress .ofr March 3, ,1875, and at the special rate of postage provided^'^Qr^.tn eectibn ]103. act of October 3, 1917, authorized Jahu^ry '20, 15122. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday arid Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by catrlei* lot |i*75 for a> semester or $3.00 for two semester^ ; by mail for ^2.00 for a stimcsior or $3.50 for two semeatCta/ ' . i .. .. simirner semester; mailed subscription $i;60. K. presented for national advertising by NatiohaT AdvCrtisin.u Service. Inc., College' Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Yorkj -N. '
Seniors Note ... ,, In the files of the Personnel Service are the records of innumerable men. who have taken jobs when they graduated and have writteh back vvithin a few weeks dissatisfied and disillusioned because the jobs didn’t turn out as they had hoioed. Often the cause of this failure was merely the inability of a man to adjust himself to the difference between college and business life. In ah effort to iron but some of these maladjustments before they occur, Harry Newton Clarke has.been obtainbd to discuss how industrial concerns treat the problem. /While he is.here tomorrow, Thursday ahd Friday he will discuss with the engineering studeiits and faculty how human relations are iitipoftaht factor on the success of any business. With a quarter of a century of experience in industry, the last fifteen years, of which he has devoted to consulting and tfaiMing, Clarke comes here with a wealth of ■infonhatipn perti-nent-to the future of/air engineers. .His specialty, if you can call it that, is the development of good relationships between supervisors and their subordinates. Ariiong others, he has beep engaged by Standard Oil and Henry Ford to conduct full length courses in their plants> These courses have been given regularly not only to new men, but also to those who have had years of experience handling men. This series offers an opportunity that certainly should not be missed. It is valuable for the men who are going to direct men in industry but it is equally valuable for those who art to do their directing in the Army. Emergency Only... Since the East desk in the Union is the one place in the University that is assuredly open twenty-four hours a day, an emergency information center for all students has always been maizttained at that place. The purpose of the Union files is to provide a soUrce of necessary information for emergency use when all other available sources have been consulted without rejul!;;;. One of the detachable cards from each .student’s registration “railroad ticket” is on file. Students have been using the'files, however, fsn; per.sonal and non-vital use, and unless this practice of misusing them is discantinued, the manager of the Union has threatened to remove the privilege, regardless ,pf its vitalness. Since there were but approxiniatbly 3,500 students in the Univefsjtj^ this suhiihef aiid no directory was published, the Unibh offered tlre^filc.s to the student ,body for general use. But the use of such a privilege by the full student body is impractical, and causes too much inconvenience to the Union staff. The registrar’s office announces today the issuance of preliminary copies of the neW stude;:V directorv. These directories will be a’. ailablp for use at various places on the campus and will be supplanted by the regular directory, which will be issued to all students as .^oon as it is ready for distribution. Students are cautioned to consult these and other ijiformation sources and to use the Union- files for emergency use only.—-s.b.w.
Service Siripes
U.|.C.Witfy *. . . graduate of the IJniveraity this year, has been alfendijig tlfe Ordtiance School at Aberdeen, Maryland, and was recently stationed at the Yorktown, Virginia, Naval Mine School.
, tm U $ P.I'OK MERRY-GO-ROUKD By DRBVy PEARS6N Chinese Officials Praise Work Of American Flying Tigers; Ask For More Equipivient WASHINGTON—No one said anything about it at the, time, but several weeks ago relations were so strained over non-delivery of . planes to China that the Chinese dropped veiled threats about getting out pf the United Nations. This was because hombihg planes, time after time, were promised, then never delivered. Now, however, the White House has received a very ehcouraging report that all this has changed. Sentiment in China is entirely different. Chinese merchants and the war-wearied propertied clasp which previously wanted peace with Japan now are singing a different tune. Reason is the change in the “air”. Last year Chinese officials in Chungking practically Uyeff uridergrouhd. The Capital was raided daily. Gdyernment business had to be conducted in bomb shelters. But this year Chungking hasn’t been bombed at all. ; The Chinese atribute this largely to the American Air. Force uiider the amazirig trio of flying fighters,' General Claire Chenhaultj Brigkdihr General Caleb HayneS;arid„Gol Robert L..Scott. , , , , The White House has received a glowing report of these men, together with an m-gent request that they receive hiote equipment, With more planes, it has been urged, Chennaqlt’s riien Could make rnincemeat of the Japs. As it is; the Japs are reported to be “just plairi scared” to come to grips with them in the
air.
• Need New U. S. Ambassador Another important need , in China in addition to moi'e planes is better diplomatic representation. The U. S, Airibassador to Chungking, Clarence E. Gauss, is reported to lack the ability to say “no” gracefully. This is an art in any diplomatic language, but especially to the Chinese. So far tpe United States has had to give a succession of hoes and more noes to Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek. Almost everything he has asked we have refused—rio easy job for any Ambassador. But Ambassador Gauss lacks the ability to say no and, make people like it. Meanwhile, a man like Major General Louis Little, who spent years in China in command of the Marines at Peking, who knows the Chinese and speaks the language fluently, is kept on the. sidelines because of jealousy inside the Marine Corps. General Little would iririke an A-1 Ambassador, but he once stepped on the toes of Marine Corps Commander Holcomb. Note—Ohe clear indication of restored Chinese confidence is the fact that they are already talking about post-war problems, on the assumption that the United Nations will win. • Merry-Go-Round A Melbom'rie toy store placed its usuaP order for dolls .from the United States to be delivered in time for Christinas, but Lend-Lease Administration forbade the shipment. Space is required' for toys of a lesa innocent character . . . Large quantities of LendLease equipment sent to Australia have been reshipped to Persia . . . Lai’ge quantities sent to Englarid have been re-shipped to Russia . . . Result is that of total Lend-Lease shipments to England, food Stands higher than inunitioris ... There are four times aS many Australian soldiers as there are Amer- . iCan in Australia . . . Never-failing Colonel Stan Grogan of the old New York World, has been made deputy director of the Army’s efficient Bureau of Public Relations ... A group of sailors passed the Belafeco theater near the White House and noticed a sign that the Stage Door Canteen would “open Soon”. Going inside they saw carpenters revamping the theater and offered to help. “In New York the Canteen was so good,” they explained, "we’d like to help you finish it here.” • The Navy Congressmen Representative Francis Walter of Pennsylvania and Warren Magnuson of Washington, both lieutenant commanders in the Navy, dropped in on Under Secretary of War Patterson some time ago and were greeted with the remark; “Why don’t you Navy boys do something about the submarines that are sinking our ships off the coast?” Representative Walter, who saw service as a Navy airman in the first war and had been on active duty in this one, made this suggestion: “Why doeikn’t the Az-my establish a lot of small airfields along the Atlantic coast from which you can patrol the sea? You don’t need big establishments, with hospitals and moving picture theaters; just a litle landing field with two or three planes and some men who will keep scouring the ocean all the time. In fact, a lot of civilian pilots along the coast will be glad to cooperate.’’ Under Secretary Patterson liked the idea and asked the two naval Congressmen to draw up a memo outliriing it in detail. This they did. But shortly after submitting the memo, they reedved ti curt notice from the Navy Department advising them not to take up matters of naval policy with, the War Department. Note—When the two naval Congressmen next sa'vy Under Secretary of War Patterson they complained that , he had Sent their memo to the Navy and got them into trouble. He denied this. Later they found that the nayal officer attached to the War Depai’traent had seen the memo and reported it. Walter and Magnuson are out of the Navy now and back in Congress. They have decided that the Navy doesn't want its men to do too much thinking. • Anzacs Invade Washington The problem of housing in Washington several score Australians who came here to handle Australian War Supplies Procurement, has been met by a vivacious young lady from Sydney named Dolly Stewart. Miss Stewart amazed the owner of a new apartment house on Conduit Road by saying, “I’ll take 21 apai’tments.” About this time, the name of Conduit Road was changed to MacArthur Boulevard—highly fitting for the new Australian contingent. But to make things more fitting. Miss Stewart suggested to the owner that the new apartment building be called Anzac House. And now the Australians live in Anzac House on MacArthur Boulevard. Note—The name ANZAC dates back to the battle of Gallipoli in World War I, when Australians and New Zealanders were fighting as a unit. The letters stands for Australia-New Zealand Army Corps. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIN AND bear IT
By Udi^
V <rz 194?. ChiCBKO T.lO**.
“Advance, friend . .. and give the discount.”
University Calendar Tuesday, September 29
4:00 P.M. P. 0. M. M. Speaker Meeting Armory 6:00 P.M. Agr, Alumni ..Room 332, Union 7:00 P.M. P. I. A. Dancing Class ....North Ballroom 7:00 P.M. Nutrition Group Room 306, Unioii Wednesday, September 30 4:00 P.M. Harry Ne-wton Clarke Lecture.. West Faculty Lge., Union 5:30 P.M. Poul. Assn. Business Meeting Old Chestnut Rm., Union 6:30 P.M. St. Poul. Ass. Banquet & Dance South Ballroom, Union 7:30 P.M. Engineering Staff Meeting West Faculty Lge., Union
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit campus: Fleetwings, Inc., Bristol, Pennsylvania, September 29. Interested iri ME, AeroE. Sign in Personnel Office immediately. Vought Sikorsky Aircraft, Sti’atford, Connecticut—September ,28 and 29. Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio—October 5 and 6. ME, ChE, Chem, PSE. Also girls interested in laboratory work and draft-
ing.
Aluminum Company of America, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania—October 6. Interested in MetE, ME, ChE, PSE, EE. U Lockheed Aircraft Corporation, Burbank, California—October 6. B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, Ohio— October 8. Vickers Incorporated, Detroit, Michigan—Octobei; 12.and 13. Interested in ME, AeroE. Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, October 5. Standard Oil Development Company, (Div. of Std. Oil of N. J.), Elizabeth, New Jersey. Coming soon. Moi^'nto Chemical Company, St, Louis; Missouri—October 15. Candidates for phD in Organic and Physical Chemistry- Sign in Per-
sonnel Office by October 14. American Locomotive Company, Schenectady, New York—October 7. Interested in ME, MetE, ChE. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem/ Massachusetts—October 20. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. . Packard Motor Car Company, Aircraft Engine Division, Detroit, Michigan. Interested in engineering students. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, September 29. J. F. Roderick To Speak Tonight On X-rays A clinical X-ray lecture, a special illustrated lecture on the anatomy and positioning for radiography of the hip region will be given tonight at 7:30 in Room 305 of the Executive Building, according to an announcement made yesterday afternoon by the School of Pharmacy. J. F. Roderick of the technical service department of the General Electric X-ray Corporation will be the speakfer. All students and other persons who are interested in clinical radiography are invited, to attend.
WARDROBE By June Hardy Sallied forth last Friday night to lead the double life keeping one foot tapping Out Thornhill’s rhythms and lettihg , the pencil and notebook effervesce superlatives aboUt excitin’fluffs and flounces. ■ No more than stepped into the Union thUn Ann senior, brushed by in a plum purple wool oUtiit---^it wab N^^ purity! (Sorry, it won’t happen again). Based on the / style, the top was hip length with a center line of grosj^jruiiu if slicing up to a prim little neck bow of matching ribbon. ' Looking quite startlin’, tOo, was freshman Corihie ■ Sboliiij^ :■ fully rigged in a fireman red gabardine suit; in ke!^ihg;WitJif| the day, the collar was on a military order, and flapped hatid- /; sized pockets perched on the hips. ’’ Couldn’t miss the sophomore Davis sisters, Margie an{d Jc^nli twinned out in bone buttoned white wool euits and .dheel|ie(|'; in brown, pink and aqua. One striU|:er pearls and white silk shirts looked “mighty fetchin’” Under the suit. • . Myriads of trimmed and solid velveteens swlarmed the fiopri-v but Bujmy Edwards, senior, stood out; her sailor-boy inspife^;;, jet dress had a super-big collar bound in heavy white braid,lu and the sleeves withered off at the elbows. ‘ [; r , j' Pat Tuhey, sophomore, was there welcuming the culd bliiid" /' ters in a wintery brown tea dress made of velVeteett and^UaiaiU knit wool jersey. Had a palm wide band of pile across the fitpht i: shoulders, open pointed collar, six lamp-shade shaped gelid buttings down the front, and the cup-^sized blouse sCallojil^v were set over the waist of the velveteen skirt. Smack-dub un / her head was a yellow velveteen ribbon. Ginny Lee MacDonald, junior, tossed a shuggly rapCoon coat over her cinnamon wool gabardine suit and braced the \vind^\ at Saturday’s game. To go with this, she tucked under her arm a huge calf bag that looked like an oversize enveiPpe: Her* shoes were matching. ■ ^ Decked out like a Christmas tree, sophomore Betty HUfri-\ son footballed in a honey of a reversible suit; the short buxy coat was spruce green and cranberry plaid and had little grey pin stripes shooting through. The reverse was of the green and had inset flapped pockets. Was surprised to find anything besides wildly painted cprpp,, galloping across the floor Saturday night, but spied a cUtj.e .f, of an outfit on junior Ann Ostrander. The sleeveless jacket; was a cousin to a jerkin and was a half and half affair-r-thej back was flame wool and the front, mouse grey and flaij:ie\ checked. Under this she wore the classic white silk shirt: ’ V Sophomore Jaun Shelburne tripped as neat as Grandma In a: lace trimmed red velveteen dirndle. (More red and more vel4; veteen! It’s in for a big sweep!) Sunday-bumped into ffesH-' man Bonnie Oak bundled up for the show in a snowy Avhite tackle trench coat. Wide buckled belt, big practical pockets,^’ epaulettes, and slews of knobby black buttons. Wouldn’t/miiid; swiping this! /U At this point, the adjective, supply is running low, bilt there’s still a mile-long list of excitin’ skirts ’n sweater^/^ni doodads. Womanhood was really Easter parading an adieui tof September! / •; f .
MFzn«T« —TODAY - TOMOROW—
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
— AND — Daffy lalfs and rhythm!
ILONA MUstr JON HALL PETER LORRE SmCHARDWICKE i. EDWARD 6R0MBER6 iONNLITEL ALBERT BASSERMAN
JACKIE GLEASOK — ALSO — "CARTOON”
lyiAfil
-TODAY - TOMOROW- - DOUBLE FEATURE-
She's BewUching— Thrilling—Exciting! ANN CORIO BUSTER CRABBE in JUNGLE SIREN —PLUS - BUCK BENNY RIDES AGAIN with JACK BENNY ELLEN DREW ROCHESTER
MARS
-TODAY - TOMOROWThe #.l Band In the Year's #1 Musical! -
George Montgomery Ann Riitherfonl "‘GLENN MILLER AND HIS BAND
Lynn Bari Carole Landis Cesar Romero Virginia 6 jlDHire • NiryBitii Hughes • Nicholes Brothers Directed by ARCHIE MAYO Produced by WdllAM leBARON Screvn P/ay by Karl lunbarg
Try an Exponent Glassifiedl
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR NEW CLASES BEGIKNERfS ! WED., SEPT. 30»h ADVANCED THURS.,OCT. 1st 7:00 P.M. Indiana's Largest Dancing School ALLEN’S irbrcF.,.,
STUDENT HELP WANTED com p lef e board jobs ava ilable Apply G. 0. ARBUCKLE \^ary Hall (South)
LUHA
TODAY and TOMORROW
WM
with Edward Everett NORTON Binnie BARNES-Regtneld OWEN ■ OoiiRlass iDUMBRILLE • Menii [MARIS • Jinis CARTER Inez COOPER Scr««n Ploy biy Anita loot Diractad by . MAJ. W. 5. VAN DYKE If iProducod by Hunt Shromberg
IBUY WAR STAMPS AND BONDS AT THIS THEATRE
rRES
?=dr5'f 'i
‘t-JhWt/'-jrA*f9«(>'aSiK'Wa) <^^iismim-nmiiv
Vuesday,',September 29, 1942
Paged
^Mu^day’s gridiron warfare saw the opening of the 1942 Reason fot all the Western Conference teams. Of the eight ri&jtnaittiiig Riveter opponents, seven went into kction against foes.. Six of these teams put on displays of strength ^Itich far exceeded pre-season estimations of their poten- . i^s the^e r^esults come into view it becomes increasingly evitjbiat Boilermaker opposi- — —
Boilermaker Sports
ports Communique q Boilemakers Hold Light Workouts By Bob Hadley r 1# J L‘li T *
In Preparation For Vanderbilt Trip
t|ph..f6r tjie present season "^ill ibe the topghest in several yeiirB. Dowjn south the Vand^bili Commodores opened itpP^esSively with a 52-0 victbfy oVet Tennessee Tech in a
game, Though the oppo-
sjtloh was weak, Vandy served notice tliat they ate set to continue tl^ rampage that they started last
yeir.
',tJp at Evanstonli Northwestern’s wfildeatsy Boilermaker foe of Octo^r lO, looked very strong even in qafeat, when they went down before ilte 4bwa..Seahawks 20-12. Ooach Br^rman has one of the nation’s sirp'ngest outfits up at the Navy ^hppl^ and most fans expected the Wildcats to be outclassed. Bliekayes, Badgers Do Well l^ul Brown’s Ohio State Bucke^^ssrmadc life very sad for an infallqr Eert Knox eleven. Using reserves for a gieat part of the gkme, the victors ran up an impressi'ire 60-0 score. This will satisfy a doubt which lay in many people’s mind as to whether the Buckeye reserve strength is sufficient for the campaign. In one of Satui day’s hardest fotight contests the Wisconsin Badgers held Notre Dame to a 7-7 tie. Strong defensive play was the keyr^ote pf this battle as the Irish passing attack with Angelo Beitelli at the helm was stopped cold. The BadigerS promise to make plenty of trouble for then Conference opponents this season. Great Lakes Loses Still another future Riveter opponent looked stiong in its weekend contest. Although the Gieat Lakes .squad .seemed to lack cooidinktion tl^ey suffered a 9-0 defeat at the hands of the Michigan Wolt'eriries, the individual brilliance of some of thiefr'Players was outstanding. They will be an exceptionally dangerous thieat to the Riveters and. other teams that meet them. Iowa’s Hawkeyes served Nebiaska,their worst licking'in more than a decade. Backs Farmer and Cuiran led the Hawkeye attack in a ^7-0 victory over the Cornhuskers. While this" was" ghing on, Indiana University had an,'easy time with the Butler Bulldogs Bloomingtort. Bill Hillenbrand, “the Evansville Express”, and seVeial sophortiope baeks made it veiy evident that the Hoosiers have a championship contender this season. Several of next week’s contests GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Aer^ii From Union Simmons *29 **Dor** Eppto *40
Faculty Bowling
Agr. Chem. 1
8 1
Executive
7 2
Poultry
7 2
Civil Engr.
6 3
General Engr.
6 3
Agr. Engr.
6 3
Agr. Chem. 2
6 3
Chem. Engr.
6 8
Horticulture
6 3
English
6 3
Chemistry 2
6 4
Biology
6 4
Elec. Engr.
6 4
Recitation
6 4
Agronomy 1
4 5
Pharmacy
4 6
Animal Husb.
4 6
Dairy
4 6
Naval Tr. Sta.
4 6
Gen. Stores
4 6
Chemistry 1
4 6
Mech. Engr.
4 6
Agr. Exp. Sta.
3 6
Agr. Chem. 3
3 6
Physics
3 6
Physical Plant
3 6
Forestry
3 6
Speech
3 6
Radio Engr.
3 6
Army
3 6
Agr. Extension
3 6
Agionomy 2
1 8
High Team Sets
Poultiy
2802
English
2790
Chem. Engr.
2732
High Team Games
Geneial Stores
972
Chem. Engl.
969
Poultry
962
High Ind. Games
Kahn
222
Heniy
221
Hoefer
214
High Team Set To Date
Poultry
2767
High Team Game To Date
General Engr.
1023
High Weekly Individual Game
Kalin
222
High Weekly Individual Sets
Liskey
6'i’9
Elliker
574
Knoll-Claik, W. L.
665
High Weekly Individual Games
Cuitis 1
242
Connelly
228
Forgetting for a minute the brisk and damp football weather that has been prevalent hereabouts of Irtte, it might be worth while to take note of the approaching world series. The World series is scheduled to explode tomorrow at St. Louis, with the location having been left blank up until the Cartdinals finally snatched the National League pennant away from
the Dodgers Sunday.
The Cards will enter the series hrtvirtg won 106 games during the regular season to the Yankees 103 and with 46 losses to the New Yorkers 51, but force of habit will probably rule and the Yanks will open the series as slight favorites. The Cards will probably start their pitching star, Mort Cooper, pitch4 ing to brother Walker Cooper, with the Yanks using either Charley Ruffing or Ernie Bonham with Bill Dickey or Buddy Rosgr behfhd the plate. ' Most of the sports dopesters took their pre-se8sot]\, filed oyer to ' the window and dropped them out after Saturday’s gridiron exhibi-i> tions. It looks like a rough and tumble race in the lyestern Gonfer^ ence with all the nine teams ranking with the best arpupd dnd Ull w'ishing like hell that Chicago was back in the circuit. FfPm the looks of the antics of Indiana, Ohio State, Minnesota, Michigai^ etc., it looks like a high-scoring year with midWestern footbaljl yusf^'^pout tops in the country. ... The Boilermakers will proceed into their next fray with rep.utation donsiderably enhanced by the horsepower exhibited Idst week."" Whether or not they will be ranked ahead of the Commodores, when they epter the lists Saturday, is another question. The Vanderbilt eldydtv conducted a relay race up and down the field last week against a team of no particular strength, but observers are Inclined toTate the Tennessee team as a more dangeious opponent than the Rams—and that’s pretty dan-
gerous.
Red Sanders, Commodore mentor, will have a veteran backfield to start against the Boilermakers consisting of Jenkins, Rebrovich, Moore and Rohlings. There are sortie new men in the line where graduation and the Army left some holes, but there isn’t much question that the Vanderbilt aggregation is much improved over last year’s eleven which pushed the Riveters pretty much all ovet the field and finally won by a 3-0 margin. The Chicago Bears are on the rampage again in pro football circles, it looks like. After trailing 21-13 at the half Sunday, the Bears without the services of stellar fullback Bill Osmanski because of injuries, turned on the heat and marched and passed over and aiound the Packers to squelch them in their home town, 44-28. With 2 successive National League crowns on their mantel, it appears that the Bears are going to be unstoppable this year.
Rocky Snyder
... veteran Boilermaker quarterback was an important cog in the sparkling offense that the Riveters demonstrated in Saturday’s contest. A Senior, hailing from Massillon, Ohio, Rocky displayed' a brilliant brand of generalship in driving the offense to consistent gains.
Students Have Chance To See Varsity Workout During Open Practice Sessioti Coach Burnham and his fighting crew of ’42 Boil6iTt1id%ers held a light workout yesterday afternoon in preparation for their tussle with the southern lads from Vanderbilt, next Saturday. The running and passing attacks were polished in effort to iron out some of the miscues that showed up in th© Fordham game. Remembering last season’s 3-0 defeat at the hands of Van- —. derbilt, the Boilermakers will march into Dudley Field in Nashville, Tenn., next Saturday afternoon with a deadly glint of revenge in their eyefi. The Commodores will be oul; to keep a clean slate with a 52-0 win over Tennessee TeCb^ Irtrtt week end, on the black side of tkdir
ledger.
Only five experienced men will be _ .
back this year to bolster the varsity ®® ®®8 basketball team. From the looks of When the Boilermakers dolrte up the daily workouts in the Field- ^gui^st the Commodores it will be house, sophomores are going to go ^ sight worth witnessing. Vandertvery far in strengthening the team. has the same backfield it used Altogether there are about 30 men season in Ross-Ade Stadiupi.
Varsity Cagers Show Strength In Sophomores
out for the squad.
These lads are a seasoned crew and
The'fiv’rrrturning varsity men Proved their offensive strert^h last
week when they compiled a total of 52 points in their “track meet”'. Their defensive strength received no real test in the Tennessee Tech tussle, but from all indications it is
INTRAMURALS
The following junior-senior tennis singles matches will be played Tuesday evening. Sept. 29, at 4:16: Court 17 A. J. Herrmann vs. L. L. Holtzman. 18 C. Christenson vs. M. Shweig.
will do much to shape the course of the season. Minnesota, fresh from a 60-7 triumph ovei the Pitt Panthers, will meet the Iowa Seahawks in what should prove to be the foremost contest of the week. Indiana faces the Buckeyes of Ohio State in a contest wheie each team is still untiied against strong opposition. The Boilei makers are gunning for victories oVci both teams later in the season.
The freshman tennis singles will stait Tuesday evening. Sept. 29, at 4:16 with the following matches scheduled: Court 1 J. Trefflinger vs. Tom Ewing. 2 Dick Wolff vs. A1 Wundei. 3 J. W. Stine vs. Russell Reed. 4 Bill Metsker vs. Bob Goodrich. 6 Bob Cameron vs. Bud Thayer. 6 Bob Rawlings vs. Bob Johnson. 7 W. P. Thompson vs. R. Gregg. 8 Wallace Haines vs. D. C. Rasmussen. 9 Bill Hopkins vs. R. J. Anthoins. 10 F. L. McQuay vs. J. Gumppei. 11 Steve Thomas vs. Jo'hn Rupp. 13 Jim Murdoch vs. E. Schuman. 14 Bill Powell vs. Don Miller. 15 P. B. Ford vs. Nat Laskin. 16 Waldo Margulis vs. M. Russell.
be finished by Wednesday evening. Sept. 30. There will be no additional time granted on playing these matches and if you cannot play by the given time you must forfeit to your opponent. The following matches will be played: Championship Flight — Coombs (Sig Chi) vs. Poston (Beta); Wiske (Beta) vS. Carson (Sigma Chi); Platt (Phi Kappa Sig) vs. Hudson (Sigma Chi). “A” Plight—Wolff (Sigma Alpha Mu) vs. Cosby (Theta Xi); Hoffer (Phi Psi) vs. Laiid (Pi Kappa Phi); Shimer (Theta Chi) vs. Hemler (Beta); Sweeney (Kappa Sigma) vs. Angermeier (Phi Kappa). “B” Flight — Mansfield (Theta Xi) vs. Rich (Sig Chi); Duffin (DU) vs. Spieth (Delt). “C” Flight—Karn (Theta Xi) vs. W. Meyer (Sig Chi); Crofts (DU) vs. Reeves (Delt).
(>^n^wrsrc.
\
The following sophomore tennis singles matches will be played Wednesday evening. Sept. 30, at 4:15: Court 1 J. H. Anderson vs. J. M. Alter. 2 D. H. Rodgers vs. P. E. Sines. 4 J. D. Thomas vs. Bob Hannam. 6 G. E. Gifford vs. W. W. Dingle. 6 Bill Moser vs. H. P. Voth. 7 S. G. Eaton vs. R. W- Gieidei. 8 George Kein vs. L. E. Flora. 9 Jim Baldwin vs. C. C. Clarke. 10 A. J. Weirbeigei vs. A1 Ciofts. 11 J. A. Kerns vs. /. G Mitchell. 12 G. N. Vriens vs. D. M Long. 13 R. Freyman vs. C. H. Stockman. 14 Sidney Blitz vs. Don Dial 16 D. G. Robinson vs. R L Knapp. 16 M. J. Gardnei vs. E. Arbequst.
The following junior-senior tennis singles matches Will be played Wednesday evening. Sept. 30, at 4:16: Court I 17 P. J. Leininger ys. M. Schneider. 18 C. B. Pariiph vs. Bill Kraybill. 19 Pat Gibbons vs. Wib Luley. 20 C. B. Fiancis vs.,Qeorge Black. 21 Lou Cohen vs, H. R. Henderson. 22 D. L. Johnson vs. C. Hayward., 23 J. V. Smith vs. E. E. Jett. 24 J. M. Hurwich vs. W. Schalliol.
The second round of the IntelFiatermty Golf Tournament'* must
The following fr^lerriity sqftball games will be played Trtesday evening, Sept. 29, at 4:16' Diamond 1 Alpha Gamma Rho v's.’Plii Kappa Tau '' 2 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu <, 3 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Delta Upsfion, 4 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Pi. 6 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Acacia. 6 Delta Chi vs. Sigma Chi. »
Dr. Eastwood Opens Recreation Meeting Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, president of the Recreation Association for American Industry, opened the annual confeience of the oiganization yesterday in Cincinnati with the following words citing the fundamental aims and objectives of industrial lecreation: “To promote better employer-employee relations through a sound, comprehensive recreation program for industrial workers”. ^ Though figures of the Institute of Life Insuiance which show that man-hours lost during 194^ as the lesult of sickness or accidents alone would build 74 battleships, 200,000 fighter planes, 24,000 light tanks, or 5,700,000 machine guns. Di. Eastwood pointed to the special values of recreation during a period
of national emergency.
Dr. Eastwood presided ovei a noon luncheon meeting today at which Dean L. A. Pechstein, College of Education, Cincinnati University, spoke on “Human Relations Developed Through Recreation.”
7 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa. I 8 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Theta Xi. 10 Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 13 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 14 Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 16 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 16 Triangle vs. Theta Chi. 17 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Delta Theta.
include Hoffman, Friend, Menke, Lawson, and Swartz. Of these, Hoffman, Lawson and Menke are lettermen. Outstanding among the sophomores IS Ed Ehlers and Jack Ken- .
nedy. Max Biggs, a second semester P ^ ri^ge .
freshman, is expected to join the
Coach Burnham’s chalk talk and
squad in December when he will be ^^Sht workout last night was deeligible for varsity competition, to rest the squad up after Biggs is a former Jeff of Lafayette Satui day’s game, although nrt instar. juries were suffered in the Fordhrtm Other outstanding players include f Fehring and Tattbe Morris, Biddle, Jones, Kerchival, reserve combinations Timm, and Motenero. scrimmages in
, an effort to develbp additional re-
At the close of last year’s bas- material for the Nashville irt-
ketball season, the Riveters were y^gjou tied for third place in the Big Ten "
rankings. Illinois, the winner of the Bry®® Returns
Big Ten crown, has five of her best The Black and Gold squad will players back .this year, and is ex- probably use the same starting compected to be stiff competition for the bination which clicked effectively crown this year. against the highly-touted Fordham Last year, the Illini were able to Coach Burnham is hopefol
put a starting five on the fioor con- K
sisting entirely of sophomores. All f lengthened for the Vanderbilt tilt of these men are expected to return O’Bryan, let-
for the ’42-’43 season and Coach Doug Mills hopes to add another
crown to his laurels.
terman tackle who has been out of action with a dislocated shoulder. This afternoon the Boilermakers
Other conference threats will be open practice
so that the students can get a closer glance at the lads that represent them on the gridiron. The Boiler-
Indiana, Minnesota and Iowa’all of whom will have strong combina-
tions. The Riveters, though great- , „ ... ly weakened by the loss of Bob makers will continue their prepara-
tions for Vanderbilt this week and are scheduled to leave fbr Nashville shortly after midnight Thursday. Plans have been made for the Burnham boys to hold a light wotkout on Friday afternoon in the Commo-
dore camp.
Pardon the Southern Drawl One of the amazing facts about
The following Ward tennis singles matches will be played Thiiisday ^vening, Oct. 1, at 4-15: Couit 1 Ed Johnson vs Richaid Lentz. 2 Tegeler vs J. Mangan. 3 J. Loshbough vs Lindskoog. 4 C. C. Claike vs. Gilbeit Miller. 6 Dudzinski vs. J. Albert. ^ Please plan to play these matches as scheduled.
Riley, will be gunning for the scalp of these four teams in particular. Alpha Phi Omega Will Meet Today Alpha Phi Omega, national scout-
ing and service honorary fraternity, ®®xt Saturdajf’s tussle is the fact will hold its last open meeting Tues- that both schools have the same oiftday at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the colors—Gold and Black. Thik Union. Professor R. Phillips, of the may cause some mixup on the field, depaitment of history, is scheduled kut the Vanderbilt boys can be easto speak on the subject “America By distinguished by their southern
Is Beautiful.” An invitation is ex- accent,
tended to all students who are interested in hearing the lecture. Membership of the fraternity is limited to foimer and active scouts and scouteis. This gioup takes an active pait in a number of service pi ejects throughout the year.
WAA Swim Classes To Begin Thursday
OuHng Club To Hold
Tomorrow
STUDENTS—TEACHERS—ALUMNI. s. EVERYONE! We encourage you to use the Purdue Union as a place to meet your friends or to sit down and relax for a little while. The Union is YOUR building so start off by knowing the locations of the comfortable
LOUNGES on the SECOND FLOOR.
Classes in beginning and advanced swimming and diving ate being offered on the WAA program for interested coeds. Classes are
D *■* held on Thursday with the followParry Tomorrow schedule: 4:00, Miss Baum of Membeis of the Outing Club will the PEW staff will teach a beginsponsor a skating paity at Maple ner’s class. Advanced strokes will Point tomorrow for eds and coeds, be demonstrated at the same tinte Those attending the outing are to by Maitha Ann Click, senior and meet at the west door of the Union member of the life saving corps. Buildipg promptly at 7. At 4:30, an informal class in div-
ing will be taught by Miss Baum. Classes are open to any one at any time. Coeds are not obligated to come to eveiy class but only is often as they wish. WAA points may be earned in these classes. The pool in the Gym is open every afternoon except Wednesday from 4-5:30 for those who are interested
in swimming.
Swedish Lounge—West Student Lounge—Southeast Main Lounge and Terrace—Southwest
Our Convenient CHECK ROOMS are always available! JhsL fiwtdusL WjimoucxL lAnimv Just take a walk through the building!
WAA Cabin Leader^ Will Meet Today Coeds who are interested in taking the WAA cabin leader’s course may still come out by reporting to the Women’s Gym today, at 6:15 p. m The gioup will then hike out to the cabin for a meal prepared by the foods committee and a progrram which will feature the care of the cabin’s equipment. All girls who can go should call either Marilyn Kail or Laurice Wear. These plans will be carried out legardless of weather conditions.
Everything for a College EdutMion DEAL’Si., '..4
\ V'v,
Purkue iSiepShent
¥umduy,
Woriela, Antoun^es Home Ec Croup ResulfsOfVilaniinB-l % ^ct. 22 Tesfe On Wheat ^'^dianapoih
Notices
»fi w. w.
Miss Edna Troth of the Univer
Wtesella, Univetstty sity, who is president of the Indiaha
Ag Experimenters Wm, Greentey Find Ragweed Uses ToSpeak InChhago Dr. Joseph Tiffin and Prof. Rus- Flyine Club: Important mcotinK 'tuosday,
Ragweed, long cohsidered only by scl Greenley, both of the division of unionf**AJi\ho3^o^intcl^aicd in'joininK please ragweed sufferers, may prove to be education and applied psychology, atchd tftis mceting.^^^ —CBOVif a source of fattv oils needed in the are scheduled to speak at the nine- Kappa PsI: There is a mooting Tuesday
' night, Sept. 29, at 7 :80 in room 201 of the
1 iculture chemistry.
The ragweed seed has approximately the same oil content as soy-
Satui’day and Sunday at the Hotel AarainJdtera: important meeting in room Qhn, fttQo in riiieacrrt Union at 7:80 p. m. on Thursday, oheiman in onicago. October 8. An election will be held. Plana Tiffin will speak on “Merit for the rating systems of contests will be
j, i_. • dibcuBSed. A club project will also bo dc-
Ratmg, giving a resume ot his in- Cided upon. Everyone make an effort to dustrial experiments of the past present. —smith
several
years.
Greenley, now on Pi Tan Sigma Actives: Sign up before
Thursday in the M. E. office for picnic-soft-
bean seed, the oil has much the same leave from the University to serve paii game with faculty Saturday, October 3,
properties as soybean oil, and may as chief of the personnel division {zob’p. m!
prove to have slightly better dry- of the Cornegie-Illinois Steel Coming properties than soybean oil pany, will discuss the topic, “How when used in paints and varnishes, Tall Is Your Foreman?”
at Rotary Park. Will leave M. E. Building
4. W» W. wwiacim, vva.v ao v,w w..,, ~^ . j• A. 4^^^.^4-U f 1 rt-P 4-Vix* XT« niRnt, oept. z\), at 7 :oO m room aOi or tne risiferch agronomist, has recently State Home Economics Association, nations war efforts, according to teenth annual convention of the Na- un,on Building. D,8cus.sion_^ pledges. aWariced tfie resdlts of pi-elim- has announced that the association Investigations made at the Umver- tional Association of Foremen held Be there. MERRiCK
iritfry tests relative to the vitamin will hdld its annti^al meeting on sity Agricultural Experiment Sta-Jfc-1 content of wheat. Thursday, October 22, in the audi- t'™ by G. F. Roedel and M. M. 'I’hfese experiments, made over a todium of the William H. Block Thornton, of the department of ag-
p’ertod of a year, shoAved that fer- store in Indianapolis.
Sliced wheat contained over ten Miss Troth said that even with jikr eent more thiamin, vitamin B-1, the wav demands, the organization this the same varieties of wheat should meet, because all 700 memtkken from unfertilized soil. Thia- bers are doing their part and need lilin is one of the body’s most needed fhe opportunity to discuss their
vitamins. common problems.
Study Soft Winter Wheat ^ 31,3 g^ye examples of many valu- +'1.7 investio'atroris reveal Neafly / 7 able parts in the war effort that are p^ggibinties also exist that the
dsiiy reqtnrements of vitamin ±5-1 by home economists. Red furnished by wheat products such -workers, farm economy adas cakes, pies, cereals and bread, yjgops, and housewives who have Agronomists at the University are responsibility of the fificmtiting to increase the percent- borne in the absence of their hus-
*gc of thiamin in Indiana soft win- j^^nds, are important in the emer- , combine yielding approxitdr wheat varieties for this reason, ge^cy. She alsb said that most of ’
Experiments have dealt with the q2 chairmen of the nutrition Amount of the vitamin in different committees of the Office of Civilian varieties and effect of commercial jjgfgrise in Indiana are home econ-
fertilizers on them. omists
Diseases of the nervous system,
beriberi for example, are prevented by vitamin B-1. By fertilizing the soil and sowing varieties naturally higher in thiamin content, the percentage of B-1 in the cereal may be increased by half. A new variety, Fairfield, developed by the University, is high in this vitamin content. T» Replace Synthentie Vitamins Research is considered essential since large amounts of whole wheat are used in cei-eals, pretzels, and in various other foods. If it is possible to raise the content of vitamin R-1 in wheat, fiour processed from
new oil can be used in the edible field and in the manufacture of nitro-glycerine and other explosives. The seed used in the experiments was harvested from stubble fields with a combine, yielding apj mately 10 bushels to the acre. University Club Plans Current Year4 Program University Club’s program lor
ciation for home economists not the current school year is now being able to attend the meeting in In- planned. All members of the admindianapolis will be held in conjunc- istrative, instructional, research, tion with the State Teachers’ Asso- and extension staffs of the Univerciation meetings in Evansville, Fort sity are invited to become members Wayne, South Bend and Gary. A of this organization,
program for all meetings will be an-
nounced soon.
Rassle
A1^1\a Lambda Delta: Important meeting: in room 232 of the Union at 7:15 p. m. on Tuesday, Sept. 29. —RIGGS Enlisted Reserve Corps: All male students arc reminded that enlistmefits in the ERC must be completed by^ Dec. 81 or the end of the Treshman year, whichever date is later Applicants should apply now m room 13-4 of the Aimory in order that enlistments may be completed before the close of the year. —GRAHAM
New Military Officers Join University Staff
be necessary.
ASCE Will Hold Meeting Thursday in CE Building
Remittances for membership should be sent in on or before Oct. 10, as the meuioership list for publication will be made up as of that date. Only members will be notified of the activities foi the yea'i, and only meinbeis will be admitted to them. These lennttances should be
University military department gj,^^ jjd F. Degering, Secretary-
tvheat win contain sufficient thiamin recently added three officers to its Tieasurer Department of Chem-
that synthetic enrichment will not g^^ff from Fort Bragg, N. C., in re- jgfry.
placement of three members of the staff who have been oi’dered to other posts during the summer. The new officers are Maj. T. R. Tschannen, Maj. R. W. Maier, and Capt. L. W. McConnell. All are
American Society of Civil Engi- .gTaduates of the University. Maj. neers wUl hold its first meeting of Tschannen was EE ’27; Maj. Maier, the fall semester Thursday at 7:30 ^g. ’33; Capt. McConnell, Ag. ’32. p. m. in Room 201 of the CE Build- These officers replace Captain ing. Guest speaker on the program Louis W. Brittmgham, Lt. J. A. will be Lazarus White, president of Hebbeler, and Lt. J. M. Wassman Spencer, White, and Prentis Co. of who have now taken up their new New York City, director of ASCE assignments elsewhere,
and for many years chairman of the ASCE committee on earth and foundations. His talk will deal with some general experiences he has had in practicing engineering with particular reference to housing
foundation problems.
All members of CE school are
asked to attend and since old mem- As one of the members of the f2.02n 1 to 4 p. m
berShips expire on the day of this senior class expecting to graduate Meeting, new memberships will be in December, I have been wondei’SPld to anyone who cares to pur- iiig if or when, we will have a com-
mencement. I feel that a commencement exercise is essential, even in war time, and should be the final act on the campus for senior's. As the calendar now stands, the
last day of classes is December 23, loom of the Union for all PIA mem1942. Why can’t we have a com- bers, coeds being admitted fiee and mencement on Sunday, December being charged a $2.50 fee foi 20, and go home after that? I’d ^be classes, which will be held on
ing of the State Poultry Associa- certainly likely to find out how other succeeding Mondays, tion of Indiana will begin in the seniors feel about this subject and Tickets may be purchased at the University Poultry Building. This my idea; so let’s start talking right table in fiont of the Sweet conference is scheduled to last away and see if we can’t get some Shop, in the PIA office, or at the
(Continued from page 1)
lely, manager of the Union. For those who want to.dance inside, the costumes should be any appropriate
type of dress that you might get meeting
caught with in an air raid. The cos- Vocational Conference Committee Chair- , , . J J V— men: Meeting in the AWS ofFite Wednesday, tuiTlfiS will be JU<i§^0d by tb6 Queens 30, at 4 p. m. Please be theve, of the Rassle and prizes will be McCOUCH, cornthw.'VITE
awarded for the most original.
3 Bands 3
One of the featured attractions , „ , „ , ,, _ , AIEE: Meeting at 7:50 Thursday evening
of this famous fry will be the Royal room 264 of the EE Building 1
Swedish Refugee Drum Corps which —KEIPER
will perform some of their most
famous numbers which include “The p. m m the East Reception Room Be T nft TTin^ T nr **Whv Thursday. Oct, 1. there will Chickens Leit nincl Leg Ol wny ^ general meeting featuring a talk on I Like Drumsticks/’ Also featured ^‘industrial Photography”. For time, loom
number, and other pertinent information.
SCA Board: Board meeting on Tiu^sday, Sept. 29, in the SCA room at 7:30 p. m Please be prompt. Very important and ^hort
—MOGAVERO
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday. Sept 29, at 7 30 p. m in room 307 of the Union. —WATT
Captivating Lynn Bari and George Montgomery give eacl^ otheT ih’C “eye sign” in one of the exciting romantic sequences from “Oi^Chestjra Wives,” the 20th Century-Fox musical bringing Glenn Miller and Ws Bamd io the screen of the Mars Theatre tomorrow. Beauty is the keynote of flie film’s merry cast, which includes stars Ann Rutherford, Carole Lanffi^, and many others.
Triton: Regular Tuton meeting will be
„ T , „ ,. held Tuesday, Sept 29, at 7:30 p in. ImCamera Club: Members of all committees p^rtant business meeting. —BROWNE
' - Thursday. October 1, at 7 :Ji0
POMM: Meeting Tuesday, Sept. 29, at 1 p m in room 106 of the Armory. Lt Louis Aull will speak on his experience at Fort Sill Okla —JACKSON
Camera Club: All lockers must be vacated or signed for by Thursday, Oot. 1. If not, they will bo opened to make room for active members. If you have a locker, be $urfc it IS assigned to you in the darkroom book or call me, 36G92. —TRUBBLOOO'
Will be the world-renowned Free Netherland Weiner Wurst Liberty Band, fresh from Schultz the butch-
er.
All patrons are cautioned to expect blackouts at any and all times during the evening and are urged to use their pick-pocketing ability with extreme caution and reserve
watch the Exponent. —TRUEBLOOD Military Ball Committee: Meeting tonight at 7 :30 in the -'West Reception Room of the Union. Please be prompt.
—JACKSON
Student War Council: Debris picture will be taken on Thursday at 1 p. m Watch Thuisday’s paper foi place
—DEUSTER
^eiieAA. to the £dibA.
chase them.
State Poultry Meeting To Begin Wednesday Wednesday morning at 8, registration for the 24th annual meet-
Senior ME's To Have Group Pidure Taken Mechanical engineering seniors
are planning to obtain a group pic-
ture to hang m the ME Building Riveter’s Rassle we come to the diswith Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical en- gussion of the lower jaw brush or
gineermg honorary, in charge of the beards.
details. The policy of hanging each As usual the Queens of the Rassle graduating class’ pictuie in the hall officiate at choosing the pation, has lapsed for several years, but j^^ale or female, who has the beaid was continued again last year. The vvhieh qualifies as the heaviest, the picture will contain individual pho- downiest, the reddest, and the full-
togiaphs of each senior and each ggt or best goatee, will contribute to the general fund Special Senior Prize
for obtaining the composite picture. Also theie will be a special piizc A booth has been set up in the ^;be senior with the largest ME lab for this entile week for col- jiyowth under his nose, that is, legitlecting the necessary money. The i^ate growth, if there be any left, booth will be open each afternoon gj, ^ man and let’s keep ’em grow-
ing.
Come one and all, get your tickets now before they are all gone. Only 33,000 have been printed and SDX officials, looking up from their man holes, have stated that they were not expected to last more than four months.
the office.
-SLEEPER
Undergraduate Dames Club: Will hold
, , . , I'i -i -iu foimal initiation Tuesday. Sept. 29, at the (unless you want to split it with Embassy at 6:30 p m - KORTE SDX). Between these spots where Chai7m;;r: Important mootlight IS scarce, music wil) be passed inu WedncMlay, Sept. 30, at
aiound by Maury Mahns and his 16 .subway ruffians, properly attired
for the oecasion.
Those Fuzzy-Jowl Prizes
Not forgetting one of the greatest traditions established by the
PIA Dancing Classes Begin Toniglit In Union PIA dancing classes will begin
tonight at 7:30 in the north ball-
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
PIA Membership Salesmen: All mcmbcr‘'hu) books and money must be turned in to me at the office Wednesday evening:, September 30, 4 :00 to 5 .30 and 7 :00 to 9 *00
—PEDLAR
Exponent Workers: There will bo a meeting: of the following: persons on my beat Tuesday Sept 20, at 4-15 p ni : Vegh, Tuttle, Martindale, Hardy, Wilbur Baines, Ritrgs and Lynch. — ROQUEMOUE Gimlet Club: Brin*? signed passport coupons to me before Thursdaj, October 1, if you want to sit in a block at games
—FRASER
Condition Examinations in Mathematics: Will be held on Saturdav October 3, at 1 ..30 p m m Recitation Building. AH students who have C and I giadcs in Mathematics should obtain pcimits for this examination at the Mathematics office before October 1 —AYRES Pi Tau Sigma: Actives on pictu/e committee working a tabic m M E. lab check schedule in Reading Room Please be prompt —KOERNER Glider Club: Important meeting Thursday night, Oct. 1, at 7:30 m room 304 of the Union —SHAKEL Alpha Lambda Delta: Important mc'eting Tuesday evening Sept 29, at 7.15 p m in room 232 of the Union - RIGGS Found: Oni pair of girl’s white cloth gloves in the Union Music Room OiVncr please call at checkroom
—WENDELL
Scabbard an^ Blade: Big meeting Wednesday evening at 7 *30 p m in room 203 of the Union New pledges will bo elected ' Officer Guides” may be here This is a stab meeting —SPENCER
PATRONIZE EXPONENT, ADVERTISERS
Exponent Workers: Will following staff membeis who have been assigned to me, please report foi a meeting Thursday at 4 16 p m in the Exponent office. McCoimick, Winslow, Richaidson, Tyson, Hudton, Howes, Holland, Parsons tknd Smith
—BUTZ
ME Seniors: Please pa> the 85c foi yoUi picture on the composite photograph by Fiidav, Oct 2 Booth set up in ME lab will be open each afternoon this week from 1 to 4 p. m to take the money.
—KOERNER
Dolphin Pledges and Actives: Important but short meeting in the Fieldhouse on Tuesday, Sept 29, at 5 p m Urgent that pledges be there for formal pledging, and actives for business —KRUECK English and Speech Conditional Exapis: Examinationii for the removal-of-conditions m English and Speech will be given on
Silver Mask: Meeting Tuesday, 1942, at 7 :30 y. m. in room 272.
Sept. 29,
icAUFMAfl
Student Art Guild: Meetinsr Tuesday at 6 p. m. in Room 86 of the Union. —FELDER
Classified Ads
Lost—Chaim bracelet. Vicinity of Kappa
House. Reward. Phone 3282.
Lost—One liprht tan piBskm rIovc Near Union. Reward. 76601 Dick Gould.
„ . , ... ’ . i, 1,. r 1 * For Sale—1936 Packard convertible. RaSaturday afternoon, October 10 from 1 to . ^ condition. $276
4, in Room 201, University Hall Removal- pu’_. aioi^ of-condition cards, obtainable at the Eng- '
Iish Office, should be properly filled out and the $2 00 fee paid prioi to the examination.
—CREEK
History, Gov. and Econ. ‘C’ Removal: Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in Hist , Econ , and Gov. will be held on Sat., Oct 10, at 1 p. m in room 313 of the recitation building. Application must be made in advance.
—ESTEY
WAA Tennis: All interested in entering Tennis tournament should report three practices to the Hoadi|OC Tennis by Friday ^ —WENDELL Removal of C and 1 Grades in C. E. 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in loom 125 of Heavilon Hall from 1 30 to 4 .30 p m on Oct 10. Permission to take the examination must he obtained from F. W Grove prior to Oct > —GREVE Physical Exam Workers; Students who woiktd duiing physical exams may get their checks by calling at the Student Health Service. —MILLER, M D. Passport Pictures: Any student who has not yet had his ulcntihcation photograph taken should rcpoit to room 2 m the Biology Building on Friday, September 25, between the houjs of 3 00 and 4 30 p. m or on Satin day moining, Scptembei 2b, between the houis of 10 00 and 12*00 • —GOLDSMITH Pistol Team: Practice will be held at 4 p m Monday, September 28, m the Armory m conjunction with tryouts loi new team membeis. —BROWN Playshop Sorority Ticket Committee: Will all inanFjcrs please leport total ticket sales io me. Phtme 3301. —SIMPSON
Lost—A Waltham pricmeh wristwatch with brown band Lost at Bond Rally Rewaid ^ Lost—Brown leather zipper nc/tebook containing calculus book and spiral notebook in vicinity of Music Hall Sept. 17. Notify
Woodhull, 5089. Rewaid.
Lost—Lady’s ring. Large bluo-green set
Reward Return to East Desk.
Wanted—Student with experience in radio service work with time available to act as shop assistant. Phone 4900. The
Foster Shop
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office,’
407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding Maenmes, all mftkci sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Miiri^ ograph work done C J. Ebc'rshoff, 605 Mabi, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles Kigqr Shell Service, Northwesteni
4t Columbia.
Lost—Red revelsiblc jacket with “A H. S.” high school insignia. Reward. Phone
71314.
§ DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
through tomorrow and Thursday, action started.
This meeting is held for the bene-
fit of the entire poultry industry of Indiana. It is open to everyone, whether a member of the State
Poultry Association or not. Opening day is Hatchery Day and
the progiam will be specially arranged to be of Intel est to any hatchery men, while Thursday has been designated as the day foi all
poultry raisers.
In an effort to keep their program of immediate inteiesl to poultry raisers, the diiectors have de.signed the whole progiam so as to help the farmer adjust his business to the new demands put upon him by the wai economy.
Senior.
first class tonight. Pearl Allen of the Allen School of Dancing will in-
struct the class.
Daily Health Service Report
R. B. Stewart Returns From Special Duty E. B. Stewart, University controller, arrived home Sunday night a^tev a twenty-day absence from the campus. He has been on intensive wprk as special assistant to the Under Secretaiy of the Navy. During the twenty days, he was in fifteen states and set up Naval training schools in eleven different Bchools, including a WAVE training school in Oklahoma and a training school for one thousand Naval officers in Arizona. Last week Stewart crossed the Rockies four times, flying fiom Pacific coast to Colorado then back again to California. John S. McCarthy ... a former student at the University and a member of Beta Theta Pi and Pi Tau Sigma fiaternities, is now employed in the experimental test department at the Wright Aeronautical Corpoiation. While attending the University, McCarthy also took part in several Union shows, and was captain of the pistol team.
Student Health Seivice lepoits that the following students have 'been admitted to St. Elizabeth’s hospital: D. L, Sexton, freshman Ag; J. W. Hawkins, senioi ChE, and M. Brown, Junior HE. A. R. Johnson, junior Met, has been admitted to the Home Hospital for surgical
treatment.
The following have been dischaiged from St. Elizabeth’s Hospital: H. W. Eikenbeiiy, sophomore ChE; C. W. Parke, fieshman engineer, and R. C. Kreuger, sophomoie Met. P. Pfleiderer, freshman HE, and M. Burroughs, freshman HE, have been discharged from the WRH infirmary after medical treatment. H. E. Allen, junioi Ag, and J. Stevens, freshman Sci, have been discharged from Home Hospital. Ewing To Speak At AIEE Meeting All electiical engineering students will meet in loom 254 in the EE Building at 7:30 Thuisday night loi the hist meeting of the AIEE
of the yeai.
Di. D. D. Ewing, ot the EE faculty, will talk informally of the general activity and functions of the department. Other members of the faculty will be piesent to he intioduced peisonally to students.
Our Distribution Methods this year are better than ever, but #e’i:i i^till not perfect. We appreciate your conipldinti, bScause they help to improve piilr
You can tell by his wellgroomed appearance that he wears suits cleansed by our Sanitone Service. How spotlessly fresh they are! How well they fit!
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
Please, though, when calling in CALL 4005 between 4:00 and 6:00 p: i&. and ask for EXPONENT GiRCULATlOi