1* 1 ^
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE^
Lafayette, Indiana, Tuesday, October 26, 1937
MUIi4BER37
General S. D. Butler Will Address Tonight's Convo Immediately following tonight’s lecture convocation the Student Union will hold a reception for General Butler in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. All students are invited to attend this reception, according to Frances Eastburn, Student Union vicepresident. Major General Smedley D. Butler, soldier, lecturer, and man of action, will address the second student convocation tonight in the Memorial Gymnasium on “War Is a Racket.” Major General Butler, since his retirement from actual service in October, 1931, has devoted his time to a campaign against war. Since he was 17, Butler has been in the Marine Corps. He first gained fame as a 17-year-old lieutenant in the SpanishAmerican War. In 1898 he was appointed to the U. S. Medical Corps. He yvas made a brigadier general in 1921, and became a major general in 1929. This completed a third of a century of service in the Marine Corps,
Freshman Debate Tryouts Scheduled Friday Afternoon Tryouts for this year’s freshman debate ?quad will be held Friday, October 29, at 4 p. m, in University Hall. All men trying out for the squad will be requh-ed to give a five minute speech on the subject: Resolved: That the National Relations board should be empowered to enforce arbitration of all industrial disputes. ^ '' “From all indications of ability in the recent Beveridge Contest for freshmen men,” states L. S. Winch, director of campus foiensics, “This year’s freshman squad should be one of the best in yeai;s. There is also undoubtedly a large amount of talented material among the freshmen on the campus which this contest did not disclose. It is our hope that they will try out Friday also.” Any freshman is eligible to try out for the freshman squad, and thereby to take part in one of the activities rated highest by employers coming to the University—debating. Cadet Officers Will See Fort Knox Films Movies of Fort Knox will be shown at the first cadet officers’ smoker of the year tomorrow night at 7:15 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Naval Commander Shepard will be the principal speaker of the meeting which falls on national Navy Day. Also included on the program will be a Zouave drill, followed by refreshments. The anniversary of the birth of former President Theodore Roosevelt will be observed tomorrow night at the smoker as national Scabbard and Blade Day. While this is being observed here by local Company E, First regiment, it will be •celebrated by companies and alumni'* posts in 78 colleges and many larger cities. Scabbard and Blade was formed 34 years ago by five cadet officers .at the University of Wisconsin. The organization now has 78 chapters in 45 states with a total fiiembership exceeding 26,000. ‘ Headquarters are located here, with Major H. C. Mahin as executive officer. Active membership in Scabbard and Blade is limited to outstanding cadet officers in ROTC units. They are selected by member's off the chapter on their proficiency in militavy science, academic subjects, dharacters, and other attributes.
\
Union Issues Call For Questionnaire Organizations are requested by Student Union vice-president Leon Jacobson to file their questionaires in the Union office before Thursday night. These groups will be listed in the activities bureau and will receive mention in the 193839 handboCk.
Receives Two Medals The distinction of being one of the two officers in the history of the United States to receive two Medals of Honor from Congress for bz’avery in the field, is Butler’s. Theodore Roosevelt said of Major General Butler, “Smedley Butler is the ideal American soldier.” Since his retirement his interests have been in the field of war prevention. He has written many articles, and his lecture “War is a Racket” is a summary of his findings in the field. He is known throughout the country as one of the most vigorous, entertaining, and picturesque speakers on the lecture platform. His military background gives him an excellent basis for his sub-
ject.
Close to Public The general public will not be admitted to the lecture''tonight, but those now holding convocation tickets for the faculty and public will be admitted. Admission for students will be by passport only. This will be the first lecture convocation of the year. Stone Expects Early Directory Dispeitsion Registrar R. B. Stone announced yesterday distribution of University directories will take place in the near future, although just how soon cannot be determined until he receives definite word from the publishers. Stone expects the copies to arrive kere the latter part of this week, indicating directories might be distributed the last of this week or early next week. , Following j;he checking, of gafiey proofs early this ipfionth, the Port Way,no I’rint^ng Company? which does all official University printing, started to turn out finished copies of the directory. This also leads Prof. R. W. Babcock, editor of the directory, to believe they should be practically ready for dispension. Bryant To Play For Barnyard Frolickers Newman Club’s annual Barnyard Frolic has been set for Friday, November 12 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, according to an announcement made yesterday by the officers of the club. Bud Bryant’s campus band will play for the costumed farmers and farmerettes. Dancers will begin the evening with a novel ballroom entrance as they fly out onto the^floor on a slide from the second floor French doq^s.
Because of Universitj^ restric,tions, all wearers of immodest dress will be barred from the floor. However an appropriate prize will be awarded to the most farmerish look-
ing couple,
A novelty backdrop, square dances for those who instigate them, corn stalks, aiid overalls for the leading couple will complete the atmosphere for the frolic.
400 Iowa Tickets Remain For Dads Only 400 of the special block of 800 reserved tickets on the 40 ySrd line for dads are still available for the Iowa game on Dads’ Day. The remaining tickets will be on sale today in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building from 4 to 6:30 p.m. Since over one-half of the tickets have already been sold. Union officials urge students to purchase their tickets early. Providing a student has not already exchanged his coupon for a ticket, he may for an extra charge of 25 cents get a seat next to his
dad.
Pledge 37 Advanced Militarists To POMM Thirty-seven advanced course military students were pledged by the Purdue Order of Military Merit in the Armory yesterday, pledge chairman G. F. Springman announced last night. The pledges include 22 seniors and 15 juniors for the first semester’s selection of eligible ^military students. Pledges Senior students elected to the honorary organization are: R. C. Kinsbury, G. V. Kellner, R. K. Johnson, R. Venbarger, R. A. Harte, G. A. Glade, V. Farrow, F. L. Goers, C. F. Bassett, R. J. Aull, E. Alexander, W. B. Wolverton, S. C. Williams, W. E. Wilhelm, R. 0. Wickersham, M. L. Swineheart, C. L. Sadler, M. M. Ross, G. W. Poehlman, J. F. McCauley, E. L. Kumpf, and R, M. Knepple. Junior initiated officers are: D. A. Williams, D. R. Vance, J. M. Rudolph, R. L. Richardson, R. W. Oyler, H. R. Mitchell, W. L. Hostetter, R. E. Heine, R. R, Hannas, P. T. Frangos, M. E. Plater, R. O. Dirmeyer, J. E. Craig, R. B. Coen, and J. D. Bowen. Require Four-Fifths Vote To obtain membership in the organization, the eligible student must be approved by four-fifths of the acting members. Formal initiation of the preesnt pledges precedes the Military Ball date to allow the entire group to wear awarded fourragueres on advanced military uniforms. Horn To Preside Over Co-ed Debate Meeting All co-eds interested in co-ed varsity debate will meet in room 301, University Hall tomorrow night at 7 o’clock. The meeting will be in the form of an open discussion, presided over by R. Horn, director of co-ed forensic activities, to determine the interest of co-eds in debate as an activity. Plans will be discussed for first semester debate activities. Because of -ever increasing interest among the co-eds in debate as an activity it was found npcessary to hold conference debates this semester. Heretofore, co-ed debate has occupied the second semester only. This year conference debates for co-eds have already been scheduled with Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan. Debris Officials Announce Future Increase Of Price Debris officers announced last night the 1938 Debris price will be increased to a minimum of $4.60 on November 2. If paid in two installments, however, a charge of five dollars will be made for the yearbook. Marked progress in the sales campaign is evidenced by the fact that all fraternity and sorority presidents have been successfully contacted for the placing of a Debris salesman within their various houses. A meeting of tjiese salesmen has been called for this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Debris office.
No Smoking Amendment Receives Sanction Of Trustees For One Year
Dads' Day Committee Completes Plans For Saturday's Program The Dads’ Day program committee is expecting several thousand Purdue parents to be on hand this week-end for the annual celebration. The principal feature of the weekend celebration will be the Purduelowa football game in Ross-Ade Stadium at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon. A program for mothers as well as fathers has beem planned by the Association Executive Committee. The program, prepared by the Dads’ Day Association, of which Dr. Robert Phillips, of the history, government, and economics department, is the faculty advisor, is now complete. Program October 29 6:30 p.m.—Dinner, executive board
only.
October 30 8:00 a. m.—Registration, Memorial Union Building. 10:30 a. m.—WAA Speedball, Hockey Games, Stuart Field. 11:45 a.m.—Dads’ Day Luncheon, Memorial Union Building. 2:00 p. m.—Football, Purdue vs. ^ Iowa. 4:00 p.m.—Teas for visiting par-
ents.
7:15 p. m.—Smoker, Memorial Union Building. 9:00 p.m.—Mixqr, Memorial Union ballroom. For the mothers, open house will be held all day in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building, while at 5:30 an executive board meeting is scheduled, when plans for the coi^fi^g year will be
made.
Mothers’ Banquet In the evening, at 6:30 o’clock, a mothers’ dinner will be held in the faculty lounge. Tickets for this may be obtained at the Unibn desk, or by mail froi^Mrs. 0. F. Hall, 829 North Salisbury street, West Lafayette. Tickets are priced at 75 cents and the ticket sale will not close until next Saturday noon. SAE Announces Auto Poster Contest Rules In search of an outstanding design for use on advertising placards, and posters for the forthcoming automobile show, the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers announced rules for the following contest: '' The design to be submitted must typify the automotive industry or its applications. The design is to become the property of this organization, and is to be used by them as they so desire. The selection of the best desigrn is to be made by a committee selected by this organization. Their decision is final. The person whose design is selected will receive a cash prize of five dollars ($6.00). Designs must be submitted by Wednesday, November 3, at Professor H. M. Jacklin’s office or to Jack Vanderford, publicity director of the auto show. The contest is limited to freshmen, sophomores and juniors, regardless of school enrollment. Juniors Win Season's First Hockey Game From Seniors In the first co-ed hockey game of the season last night the junior team defeated the seniors 2 to 0. This game was part of the WAA class hockey tourney. From the class teams participat ing in the tournament the varsity team will be chosen.
Smoking on the Purdue campus is no longer prohibited by University regulation nor tabooed by University tradition. Nor is smoking forbidden in offices of University .staff mem-
bers and administrators.
After nearly a week's silence on the matter, President Edward C. Elliott announced yesterday the Board of Trustees' approval last week of limitations on campus smoking set by the Executive Board at its first-of-the-month meeting for October. The trustees also amended the rules to give President Elliott powers of enforcement and amendment.
In Effect For One Year
President Elliott’s announcement, however, declares the ordinance is to be in effect for the academic year of 1937-38 only. The action first of the Executive Board and then of the Board of Trustees followed the motion passed several weeks ago by the Student Senate renouncing the “no smoking” tradi-
tion and the Senate’s later petition to the Executive Board for abolition of the tradition.
Amended Rule
In its present form the amended smoking rule reads as follows; Smoking is strictly prohibited in the classrooms, drawing rooms, hallways, laboratories, lavoratories, libraries, locker rooms, rest rooms, rooms for athletic contests, store rooms, barns, at the entrance of buildings, or on the steps or walks leading immediately to or from such
entrances.
Give Elliott Power In addition the Board of Trustees authorized President Elliott: (1) To impose proper penalties for violation of this amended rule, (2) To approve recommendations from the managers of the Memorial Union Building and the student residence halls regarding smoking within those buildings, (3) To publish from time to time such further restrictions or exceptions as will in his judgment provide for the safety and cleanliness of buildings and grounds. (4) To rescind any part of amended rule whenever it appears that the faculty or studenfs fail to observe the spirit or the intent of the rule as here amended. Reamers To Give Signed Pigskin In Friday ^s Pep Rally Repeating its pep session feature of the night preceding the Indiana football game last fall, Purdue Reamer Club will give a football autographed by the entire varsity squad and coaching stalf to some University student Friday night. Reamer President Malcolm Ross, said last night. The winner of the brand new foot ball, contributed by the department of athletics, will be decided through the drawing of student numbers at Friday night’s pep session on Stuart Field before the Boilermaker-Hawk-eye battle on Saturday. Must Present Passport If no student comes forward to claim the football within two minutes after the first ticket is drawp, subsequent drawings will be made until the autographed pigskin is given away, Ross said. In order to prove his identification any student whose number is called must present his passport. Acting Director of Athletics Robert C. Woodworth agreed last night to draw the winning number.
University Calendar
, —TODAY— Omicroit Nu: Tea in the Home Eco nomics Building at 4 p. m. Convocation: Gen. Smedley Butler will speak on “War is a Racket” in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 p. m. Undergraduate Dames: Meeting in room F of the Union at 8 p. m
Get Reservations For 'Hell Bent Fer Heaven'This Week John E. Dietrich, Playshop theater manager, announces reservations can be made for the first Playshop production of the year, Thatcher Hughes “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” which is scheduled for presentation in Eliza Fowler Hall from November 29 through December 4. Reservations may be made from p. m. to 5 p. m. this week through Friday at the theater office, Eliza Fowler Hall. Students who have purchased season passes should turn in the stub of their pass for a reserved seat. For theatre-goers who do not hold season passes, reserved seats are now on sale in the theater
office for fifty cents.
Opening nights of all productions, in this case, Monday, November 29, are to be strictly formal and all persons will be required to wear formal attire. During the first day of,reservations, yesterday, the opening night was selling most rap-
idly.
Friday night, December 3, has been set aside for a special performance for the 600-700 visiting high school debaters who will be attending the annual state conference on that week-end. The new stage in Fowler Hall will be completed in time for the next Religious Convocation, November 28, and the first performance of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven” will be the second time that the hall will be open to the public. Counselors To Hear O'Shea Talk On Intelligence Tests “Interpretations of Intelligence Tests” will be the subject of an address by Professor Harriett E. O’Shea, of the department of education, this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter
Hall.
Women and senior men counselors are requested by Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel, to attend Dr. O’Shea’s talk.
Course CanceUations Students who wish to cancel assignments without grades should do so before Saturday noon, October 30th. Concellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the schoof and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 30th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. M, L. Fisher» Dean of Men.♦ >1,
I ?
”fii'
4
1/
THE PUBDUE E3CPONENT
Sunday* October 24» 1937
The Editor Says
necessary for their enforcement and alteration. Yesterday’s announcement of the complete rulings completed the movement.
G^od Judgment Prevails In Treatment Of Smoking Issue
With yesterday’s announcement that smoking is prohibited only in University buildings except in offices, and on walks leading directly up to them, all students may now do legally what many have dared to do heretofore in defiance to University tradition and University regulation.
The smoking problem, however, is not entirely settled yet. The present ordinance remains in effect for only the current school year, and certain modifications may be necessary during this year.
Good judgment has prevailed in the entire treatment of the campus smoking issue this fall. First, Student Senate declared itself in favor of abolishing the tradition entirely and in allowing smoking everywhere except where insurance regulations cPncerning University buildings prohibited.
The time limit on the smoking regulations, however, signifies only that the entire ruling is on trial. Whether the University’s change of attitude toward smoking works out satisfactorily and whether smoking is permitted next year depends upon student cooperation in carrying out the new regulations.
Then Senate President Dan Rohyans prepared a statement asserting his organization’s stand on the question for presentation to the Executive Board of the University. And Dan Rohyans appeared before the board to give a convincing talk in favor of permitting campus smoking.
Faculty members are permitted to smoke in their offices under the present arrangement, although anyone unacquainted with the situation might have to ponder over the statement of the regulations to figure that out. The new ruling doesn’t specifically grant instructors the privilege of smoking in their oflfices, but it prohibits smoking everywhere else in University buildings. Of course only the more conscientious instructors have been observing the tradition and old regulation.
The Executive Board agreed with the Senate and drew up certain regulations governing smoking on University grounds, subject to approval by the Board of Trustees. Nearly three weeks later the trustees sanctioned these regulations and added amendments
One of the major problems of immediate importance is keeping the campus clean. The task has been placed in the hands of Student Senate, who now has a committee investigating the matter. - A certain amount of uncleanliness is one of the penalties that must be paid for the smoking privilege.
Letters to the Editor
Dear Editor:
The article in the Exponent of Thursday, October 21, on the editorial page expressing the wish for an early selection of Junior Prom Committee, seems to me quite forthright in its ideas and concise in its statement.
By Mary Cooley Prospective Skull and Crescent pajama racers at the University of Illinois trained for a week previous to their annual pajama race held recently. Would such goings-on be termed nocturnal perambulations ?
In view of the fact, however, the Prom is an all school function and primarily for juniors, both organized and unorganized, I feel it is within my rights to present an opinion against an early selection of the Prom Committee. To my mind thle excuses, offered for inadequate preparation and unappropriate orchestras, voiced by previous Prom Committees are old alibis used by campus politicians to cover budget failures and laxity of forethought. Let all members of the junior class consider this point. A certain political clique believes that the "lime is ripe for an election. They know they have enough voting strength to carry the election if the unorganized majority—both fraternal and independent—are caught, “asleep at the switch.”
I appeal to all juniors to voice your protest against such steamroller tactics.
Let this Junior Prom be one which will reflect credit upon one of this nation’s largest universities. M. C. Reeves, For. ’38.
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON’T WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
Ads are taken In Room E of the Purdue Memorial Union on a cash basis only.
Preparations for an ox roast for the annual Homecoming football game got too hot in North Hall on the campus of Slippery Rock College (Pennsylvania). And 167 coeds escaped safely in very flimsy attire from the early morning fire which swept the historic dormitory. The three-story frame and brick structure collapsed while flames enveloped it before the eyes of hundreds of alumni and other visitors who had come for the week-end festivities. The shivering girls were sheltered from the cold in other campus buildings and nearby homes. Classes were discontinued for four days and the home-coming football game was cancelled.
Approximately 97 per cent of the college presidents have come from two professions, teaching and ministry.
Colonel George F. N. Dailey, head of the military department at the University of Iowa, has organized a bagpipe unit, which is the only one in the United States.
Because he got “wool infection” when he put on his uniform, one of our freshmen was excused from military. He reports that he received in a military course in a former school, but at Purdue he got an “itch.”
Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt advised several hundred Cornell women students to seek success by doing more than just getting by. “College graduates,” she said, “have during the past years gotten jobs easier than girls with grade school educations, but at that there were many college graduates who had accepted jobs as sales girls in department stores.”
By Sally McKee Hands olf, please. This means off other people particularly, but it would help things if you’d keep them off yourself. That is, off your face and mouth and out of your hair. It’s distinctly unhealthy and very much unpoised. Boys will tell you girls that it definitely does more harm than good to your golden locks. But more important than keeping hands off oneself—that, after all, is your own funeral—is to keep your hands off your friends. Now this isn’t an anti-necking sermon, but it is an essay against massaging your neighbor’s neck apd ears in the next lecture. An observer behind you can see your friend wincing under your administrations. Girls have a habit ot assisting their friends’ coiffeurs or working over hands like a manicurist. To keep hands off yourself and others will help you in your search for poise. c
fi'resnman Exponent Workerb A last chance will be gi^en to University freshmen to sign up for work on The Purdue Exponent Thursday, October 28, at 5 p. m., in the Union Building office, room E. All freshmen editorial staff members will also meet at this time. Attendance will be taken and tardiness recorded. Any questions the new staff members may have to ask will be answered at this time and schedule difficulties will be straightened i ou(. Prospective workers m”ust bring a copy of their schedule cards at this time. J. E. Brock, Managing Editor.
“This,” she maintained, “was deplorable since it took jobs from the less fortunate girls and in many cases ruined the prospective careers of the country’s educated women.”
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
P>6Sotittted
REPRESBNTEO FOR NATIONAL. AUVb-RTIGlNG BY National Advertis'mgService, Inc. College Publtshers Kepresentattve 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y CHICAGO . BOSTON - L08 ANGELES ■ SAM FRANCISCO
Editorisl Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D A. Bailey, L. S Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H I. Stanback, D R ^JVance
CO-ED EDITOR ASSOCIATE EDITORS Sally McKee.
Co-ed Staff ^Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan, 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session.
Business Staff v
ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER _ R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan
Circulation Staff
CIRCULATION MANAGER
Sports Staff
SPORTS EDITOR _ R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D Witwer.
M. C. Reeves
NIGHT EDITOR
Vance October 26, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Terrio
With this coluhin B and B is introducing a new policy. You can take it or leave it, but we hope you’ll like it.
Instead of spewing scandal day in and day out, we will attempt to amuse you in as many ways as our meagerly^fertile brain can devise . . of course we’ll give you scandal, but it will be the cream of the scandal and presented only three days each week.
On the other three days we’ll introduce some new features such as “Things We Never Knew almost until Yesterday,” “Overheard on the Campus,” “Thoughts While Strolling,” and “Impossible Interviews.”
Today we’ll offer you a sample of our “Impossible Interview” series.
SERIES I: NO. I This interview between Captain Martin Schreyer of the 1937 Boilermakers and Professor Lorentz Schantz-Hanzen, of the applied design department occurred just before midnight under Heavilon Hall tower. Prof. S. H. (gushing): Oh, Mr. Schreyer, I understand you have designs on the Iowa football men. What kind are the designs, Italian, Grecian, or mid-Victorian?
Caj. Marty: I dunno. I guess they are Borgia-ian, because we are gonna be poison to Iowa. Prof. S. H. (still gushing): You don’t say . . . you don’t tell me. I hear your ‘line’ play is simply marvelous. Tell me about it, as I’m interested. I play with lines quite a bit in my work. Are your lines straight, curved, or irregular. Myself, I use all kinds. Cap. Marty: Most of the lines we play against is just plain ornery dirty. Prof. S. H.: I understand you use a lot of diagrams in your work. Am I correct? If so, name them and classify them as to type. Cap. Marty: Yeh. Our diagrams show what to block and where the back should run. Prof. S. H.: (astounded) Really? I use blocks in my work. I think they lend themselves very well to an artistic composition. Good background for my sketches is very hard for me to produce. It amazes me to hear that you know where a back should run. Cap. Marty: That ain’t nothin We show spinners and delayed bucks, and passes with our diagrams. Prof. S. H.: Incredible. I’ve never been able to produce the illusion of spinning with anything I’ve ever drawn. The best buck I ever drew was the “Stag at Eve.”, I’ve never even heard of the “Delayed Buck I think I’ll go home and consult my books on dynamic composition and see if I can get a line on what you’re driving at. Cap. Marty: 0. K. I’ll toddle along and watch Mai draw designs with new interest since I’ve learned that they are artistic.
Afterthought: It would be curtails for us if we ever took applied design.
Presbyterian Groups Join In Hallowe'en Party Friday
The Westminster girls club, a Presbyterian co-ed group, is joining with the Presbyterian student council in their Hallowe’en party at the Westminster House next Friday. Last Sunday morning Rev. and Mrs. J. W. Findley were hosts to club members at an initiation breakfast in the Westminster House. Roses were given the initiates at this impressive candle-light service. The president, Helen Conver, had charge of the service, and Dorothy Coan furnished the piano accompaniment. Nineteen girls were initiated.
‘I asked Noggins to do my practicing, Mother. After all, what do we keep servants for?”
Freshman Co-ed Honorary Initiates Nine Pledges
Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s honorary sorority, initiated nine pledges Sunday morning in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building.
Miss Claire Coolidge, advisor for the sorority, explained tne meaning of Alpha Lambda Delta to the new members. Breakfast was then served in the peasant room after the initiation.
New members are: Mary F. McLaughlin, Margaret Crankshaw, Lucy Demoret, Mary Beko, Bonita House, Katherine Henderson, Marietta Johnson, Margaret Mathes, and Rosemary Ince.
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
WHEN ..v.^vkTGIRL MEETS 3 SMART BOYSiT wnii ei n ac riii SiuiR; Tif^
mkMk eyiii
t i
#(491
am liOraiD STOKOWSKI
I I
f tiu AOOLFHE MBUOil i ujeE mm • uistiu im I
Those initiated were: Ruth Wattleworth, Virginia Keller, Augusta Hite, Beth Montgomery, Janet Greger, Janet McDougall, Evadine Montgomery, Ruth Bilger, Avis Risk, Helen Essengton, Mary Helen Miller, Roberta Young, Ruby Hodson, Mary Alice Campbell, Margaret Wade, Rosemary Smith, Mary Jordan, Evma Clark, and Margaret Young.
TODAY - WEDNEJSDAY • A MIGHTY ADVENTUHE ROMAHCE OF BOLD MIH,
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
A 2OU1 CentuiyFoz Pietut*
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
BENNEn
ROLAND YOUNG • BURKE —PLUS—
Edward Everett Horton
IN ‘OH! DOCTOR’
klAlrf
TODAY —. TOMORROW DOUBLE' FEATURE PdkTHB
PiMST.
T9MBJ
CLAUDETTE
COLBERT
ITHRPPENBO ONE NtCHf R FRRNK CRPRR pPi.onuc'.Tir\Kir.
Tuesday, Octbber 26,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
111 36, Purdue 19 As Jimmy Smith Wins Cross Country Run By B. W. Witwer i Indiana’s fleet-footed cross country men upheld their school’s tradition for turning out good distance men in track, Saturday morning by outdistancing Purdue’s harriers and rolling up a winning score of 36 to 19. Smith Wins Paced by Jimfny Smith, who was Don Lash’s teammate and best opposition last year, the crimson distance men finished in the first three places with Knapp and Bodeau carrying in the Boilermaker colorfe in fourth and fifth place respectively. Next among those who added to Purdue’s total was Marozick, followed by Long and Bell. Side Trips After the meet. Coach Phillips took time off to show his proteges around the DePauw and Wabash campuses, just as a treat for their determined efforts. Last year the Gold and Black distance men finished far back of their southern nemeses but this year they showed a noteworthy improvement. Just to make sure that his men are in good physical condition, Phillips sent the squad over the home cross country course of three and a half miles yesterday and then ended up by having them run a half mile in good time. Knapp turned in the lowest time of 2:04, which is good time ansTwhere, especially after running all over the countryside before doing it. Meet mini All this working out is in preparation for the meet with Illinois this Saturday which was originally scheduled for October 16 but was postponed.
Pass Catcher
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Now recovered from his Ohio State game injury, “Zach” will bear watching by the Hawkeyes if they expect to keep the Boilermakers down. Weather Not A Handicap; 'Chief' Cievett Plans For Golf Range In Field House Campus golf enthusiasts, heretofore handicapped by “old man winter” and his inconsiderate weather, need have no further fear of getting out of form if and when intramural director “Chief” Clevett’s latest plan for a golf practice net goes through. This is to be located in the sub-basement of the new Fieldhouse. Should these plans materialize, two other ranges of a different nature are also to be installed, namely, archery and rifle range.
I’U meet you in the Sweet Shop You are sure to meet \ friends here. Drop in for a sandwich, a malt, a coke, or to meet your friends. Between Classes you can relax with a coke or a smoke. Quick, Courteous Service
JtuL fiwvdusL Tybum^daL lAmDfL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities t
Hawkeyes Polish Up For Purdue Having gone over plays, tested all types of revamped lineups, and undergone a thorough polishing for two weeks, Purdue’s grid squad will discover just what they have accomplished by their labor when they meet Iowa’s Hawkeyes this Saturday for the closing home encounter for the Boilermakers. Point For Isbell Iowa is pointing its defensive work to overcome Cecil Isbell, who was the means of their defeat last year. After the Hawkeyes had stopped Purdue’s running attack and were congratulating themselves, Isbell was the one who engineered the forward passes which downed the Iowa eleven 13 to 0. Iowa may be somewhat strengthened in the Purdue game by the return of “Red” Olsen, the rugged fullback who was kept out of the Michigan game by an injury to his foot. Other lowans who were' battered in the game with the Wolverines will have to take it easy the first part of this week. Special Significance This game marks a special occasion for both teams as Purdue celebrates Dads’ Day and Iowa starts its final Big Ten road game. The Hawkeyes last emerged victorious over the Old Gold and Black in 1933 when they scored a 14-6 upset. In 1934 Purdue won 13 to 6 on passes into the end zone; 1935 saw the Boilermakers return a punt for the victory margin of 12 to 6; and last year, passes again submerged Iowa 13 to 0.
Aeriolist
Fraternity Bowlers
Matches scheduled for this evening in the fraternity bowling tournament have been called off because of the conflict with the convocation. Those teams scheduled for play tonight will bowl next Tuesday.
“Cec,” shown here tbssjng one of his many passes, was the power behind the ball that Zachary caught for the only score against Northwestern. Iowa beware. AnnualWard Cross-Country Scheduled For Tomorrow Over Intramural Course Ward cross-country, an annual intramural race, will be run tomorrow over the regular two and a half mile course around Intramural Field beginning at Fourth street. Each ward will be allowed four entries, with the first three to cross the tape counting. The members of the winning team will receive medals, as will the first three men to finish the race if they are not members of the victorious team.' Before going to the field, the men will assemble at the Memorial Gym at 4:20 for instructions and their numbers.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 | — Florist •— Dorner’s Flower Shop i Quality Flotoera Main at 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of eota. sages available tp Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
— Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sta. — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the ^ARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, L.
— Dine
JLudi^ DINE ' DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Photography — Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Softball —Today— Diamond 3—Ward 6 vs. Ward 2X—D. R. Foster. 5—Ward 13 vs. Cary Hall 1— Kriegbaum. 7—Waid 11 vs. Caiy Hall 5.—Degering. 9—Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 2.— Mangas. 15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Winner of Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.—Igney. Touchhall -TodayField 1— Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa—Boyer. 2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.—Wallace. 3— Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. —Knox. 4— Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha—Van Hook. 5— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta—Caparoso. 6— Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Psi. —Juillard. 7— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu—Kerber, 8— Theta Xi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—Troyer.
Touchball Eligibility All men on varsity football and freshman varsity football lists are ineligible for intramural touchball. M. L. Cievett, Intramural Director
—TODAY— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Home Builders. 11:30—Morey J. Doyle, pianist 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12:45—Jo Friend, popular tunes 1:00—Journalism Today, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1:15—Electrical Shop, Mr. S. G. Lutz. 1:30—Birth of the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Stoi-y Time.
80 Potential Boxers Respond To First Call In answer tP “Punchy” Maxwell’s first call for boxers, some 80 men turned out last Friday. According to Maxwell, there were a number of promising new men in the lot, as well ns several veterans. Tops among the seasoned men are Hardesty, 126 pounds, Bacharach, 160 pounds, and Lyles 175 pounds, all of whom weie winners in their respective classes in the Lafayette Golden Gloves fights last year. Another man from whom a lot is expected is Markey, 112 pound boxer, who went far in the Lafayette bouts, but was beaten after he had knocked a bone out of place in his right hand. John Louis, 147 pounder, did not fight last year, but has shown some real talent in the past, and should show up fine. Future Plans Although promising nothing, Maxwell hopes to be able to round out at least one good man in each class by next spring and get some bouts with outside teams. Outside competition has been one of the shortcomings of boxing at Purdue, and with this as a goal, there should be more interest than ever. WSGA Beckons Co-eds For Sophomore Apprenticeship Special training for sophomores interested in WSGA activities will begin today at 4 o’clock under the direction of Betty Ann Stewart, president of the organization, in the Union Building office. Only girls who attend these classes will be eligible for sub-chair-manship appointments which are to be made at the beginning of next semester. Qualifications for leadership will be discussed and general objectives of the organization reviewed.
2:15—Metal Shops, Prof. J. D. Hoffman. 2:30—You and Your Child, Mr. Jerome. 2:45—Treasure Chest, John Dietrich. 3:00—British Isles Talk. 3:15—Ivah Swaynie, soprano 3:30—Tune Topics. 3:45—^The Question Man. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Ivah Gruver Price, twilight melodies. 4:30—Campus Customs, Valparaiso University.
H. G. (Deac) REISNER Sells the Frank MEDICO ^Iter-Cooled Pipes.
— HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
MEDICO^ sEJPE
lEENEW SHAPES* FINISHES
FINEST V ■ BRIAR ■ MONEY CAN BUY UNHEARD OF VALUE
MEDICO FILTER-COOLED
OR. CHAPMAN J. MILLINS «t4t DULL DtllCRr cocuMDU.«.e. 8. U. Frank & Co.» Inc* Dew York, N. 1. Gentlemen:‘About eighteen months ago Z'^ tnis Zoreed to quit smoking a pipe because the tarry products in the heel kept me chronioally nauseated. Too bad, but it couldn't be helped. No use feeling miserable every time I fired up. So I stayed of f^tobaooo for^over a year. ^ Then one day I saw a few Frank* Medicos in a druggist*s showcase half-heartedly decided to try one. many'patented filter systems on the ket.,But I*d risk a dollarjon.one an ^ Ijustlln^hopes For^six happy months, dow~l*ve been smoking that Frank* s. This afternoon X bought my second one, and have it sending up Incense as X write. I want to t^U you - Iq caseiyou^don*t>already know it - that you*re one of the benefactors of society. Lot the poor Indian! Lot Sir\ Walter Ralelght Lot everybody who di^ before you brought out a filter that really works, I»n.telling my friends by the dozen, but not fast enough* You may use my name if you care to, and add that this letter is absolutely' unsolicited on your part. Very cordially yours.
ONLY FAT'D FILTER COMBINING MOISTURE-PROOF CELLOPHANE EXTERIOR AND 66 BAFFLE ABSORBENT M^BH SCREEN INTERIOR, RESULTING IN GREATEST PIPE SMOKING INVENfION EVER KNOWNM'
{h
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 26,1667'
Twenty-Five Women Pledge Local Phi Mu Twenty-five girls were pledged^in a formal pledge service at the Delta Epsilon chapter of Phi Mu sorority Saturday. Margaret LeMasters of the Gamma Delta chaptei' of the American University, Washington, D. C., assisted. Pledges are Virginia Beehler, Mishawaka; Louise Biggs, Greensburg; Sue Britt, Evansville; Marie Byers, Vincennes; Gladys Cox, Fowler; Mona Crumley, Rockville; Martha Ellis. Dana; Janet Gaylord, Montmorenci; Dora Mae Green, Marion. j Marj' Louise Hess, Seymour; Sally Maxine Lotten, West Lafayette; Charlotte Locknew, Oterbein; Edith Mitin, M’^ingate; Mai'jorie Pierce, Niles, Mich.; Mary Cathei'ine Schilling, Walton; Carmen Rivadeneira, Valparaiso; Rosemary Robinson, Lafayette; Mary Schnaible, Lafayette: Mary Lou Swayney, Lafayette; Jane Weaver, Cincinnati, 0.; Emily W'ielsing, Denver, Col.; Edith Whitney, Elkhart; Elma Schnaible, La-
fayette.
Officers elected at the meeting last night were: President, Charlotte Lockner; vice-president, Louise Beggs; treasurer, Jane Weaver; secretary, Emilee Wulfing; social chairman, Evelyn Smith; rush chairman, Carmen Rivadeneira; historians, Mary Schnaible i and Virginia Bielher; scholarship chairman Mary Louise Hess; Pan-Hellenic, Annabelle Closson and Mary Lou Swaney; editor, Janet Gaylord and Marjorie Pierce; registrar, Gladys Cox; librarian, Edith Whinery; activities, Rosemary Robinson and Bessy Ban-
nwart.
Frosh Campers! To
Freshman camp acquaintances will be renewed tomorrow evening at a banquet for all men who have attended camp in the last four years. The banquet will be held in the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 5:30. Dinner will be in regular camp style, with camp clothes, camp food and inter-table singing. Freshman Camp is held each year just prior to orientation period for men about to enroll in the University. Professor G. H. Graves, of the mathematics department, directs the camp, which is sponsored jointly by the Purdue Religious Council and the University.
MUSIC ROOM
—TODAY— Noon—12:00-1:00 Valse Sentimentale (Schubert) vio lin, Elman. Traumerei (Schumann), violin, El-
man.
La Cathedral Engloutee (Debussey) piano, Samaroff. Malguena (Lecuona). Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, by (Bach), Stokowski Phil. Orch. Evening—4:00-7:00 Concerto No. 1 in C Major (Beet hoven) Arthur Schnabel and the London Symphony Orchestra. First Movement. Second Movement. Third Movement. Fur Elise (Beethoven) Arthur Schnabel. Dean Matthews To Speak At Omnicron Nu Tea Today Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, will have a tea today at o’clock in the Home Economics Building dining room. The membership campaign for the Virginia C. Meredith club will be explained to representatives of sororities, residence halls, and residence houses at this time. Dean Mary L. Matthews will talk about the purpose of the club which is open to all home economics students, and Professor Muriel G. McFarland will speak on the place of home economics clubs in college life. Nina DeWitt, president of the club, will discuss the year’s program. Lillian Murphy is in charge of all arrangements.
T. G. Homung and Carroll Bottum, extension specialists of the University farm management department, and Miss Starley Hunter, of the home demonstration agent’s office, left Saturday for Washington, D. ^C., where they will attend a conference, of representatives from all states on the 1938 agricultural outlook. Also making the trip, although not a delegate, was John Sheay, Purdue extension marketing specialist. This group will return at the end of the week.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershofF, 605 Main street.
TUTORING—Anyone desiring a tutor in mathematics or physics see Mr. Tipps at the physics department or phone 41324.
LOST—Brown plaid packet in the field north of women’s tennis courts. Reward. Call 5850. ^
FOR RENT—Single room for a student. 131 South Grant. Phone 45893.
STUDENTS HOME LAUNDRY —Shirts 10c, by an experienced finisher. Phone 75152.
LOST—Examination of Fragmental Rocks, by F. G. Tickell. Please return to Prof. F. L. Serviss, chemical engineering. Reward.
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation,' to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Co-ed Bowling: The women’s bowling
Debris Picture Sittings
WEDNESDAY MORNING 8:00 Lowery, D. T. 8:05 McCauley, J. P. 8:10 Guldi, A. A. 8 :15 Metz, H. 8:20 Mirkin, M. 8:26 Williams, J. H. 8:30 Yadofaky, Z. 8:35 Weittunan, C. 8 :40 Shonkwiler, W. D. 8 :45 Smith, C. A. 8:50 Wozniak, T. C. 8:55 Wright, M. G. 0 :00 Van Kurin, J. D. 9 :05 Wilhelm, W. E.' 9:10 ;Maeon, G. L. 9:15 Matthews, R. L. 9 :20 Woodburn, J. 9:25 iMankin, P. A. 9:30 Walsh, J. C. 9 :35 Weidig, W. J. 9:40 Weishaar, P. 9:45 Humphreys, H. M. 9 :50 Stanback, H. I. 9:56 Swinehart, M. L. 10 ;00 Kimmel, R. M. 10:06 Young, G. 10:10 Martin, J. H. 10:15 Martin, G. M. 10:20 Bundy, L. L. 10:26 Clevenger, ' H. M. 10:30 Shea, N. H. 10:35 Lautz, W. G. 10;40 Creek, R. 10 ;46 Dilts, J. 10:50 Strasmann, J. W. F, 10:66 Hensler, R. R. 11:00 Terhune, C, H. 11:05 Weigandt, H. F. 11:10 Yngve, C. R. 11:16 Markham, A. E. 11:20 Walters, C. S. , 11:26 Weisenback, C. Q, 11;30 Weishaar, A. H. 11:85 Letsinger, C. A. 11:49 Linn, K. M. 11:48 Garland, T. P. 11:60 Hamilton, Margaret.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON 12:50 Masanz, P. J. 12:65 Cabonargi, T. D. 1:00 Wolf, J. D. 1:06 Cooper, L. E. 1:10 Zweig. W. F. 1:16 Hill, R. C. J 1:20 Wilson, T. C. 1:25 Linder, G. E. ' 1:30 Jacobson, L. A. 1:35 Matthews, G. W. 1:40 Swan, C. T. 1:45 1:50 Scott, R. L. 1:55 Mangus, C. E. 2 :00 Ziegler, R. C. 2 :05 Wagner, J. E. 2:10 Walling, H. E. 2:16 Walker, J. E. 2 :20 Wantland. H. B. 2 :25. Ward C. V. 2 :30 Welland, W. L. 2:35 Wellbroek, R. L. 2 :40 Bailey, D. A. 2:45 Miller, D. C. 2:50 Lemen, R. N. 2:65 Liming, A. N. 3 :00 Warring, R. A. 3:05 Welborn, R. N. 3:10 Riechers, W. B. 3 :15 Parries, G. E. 3:20 Hardin, L. S. 3:25 Sullivan, E. T, 4 :00 Monfort, H. E. 4 :06 Korff, G, L, 4 :10 Vanderford, J, 4:15 Wells, H, F. 4 :20 Whiling, R, N. 4 :25 Martin, R. C. 4 :30 Thompson, D. O. 4:36 Wilkins. D. E. 4:40 Wood, W. H. 4:46 Wright, S. A. 4:50 Yee. F. T. 4:66 Youmans, H. A.
tournament will be postponed until October 28 because of Vocational Guidance Meeting. —COFFMAN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting postponed until November 2 because of Convocation conflict. —WINTER,
Purdue Student Alliance i Open meeting October 27, 7:30 p.'m. in faculty lounge. T. J., Noss to speak on “God Save the Constitution.’ Public invited. —BUCKLES.
WAA Hockey Squads: Freshmen: B. Beaudry, L. Gabler, E. Heeler, Y. Holden, V. Horne, D. Moorehouse, M. McKnight, M. A. Rumann, B. Schfers, B. Smith, J. Stickler, L. Thomas. Sophomores: V. Beck, S. Bouton, M. Buck, J. Cook, B. Cook, M. Clymer, W. Graybill, M. Holtman, M. Mathers, J. Morris, K. Mounce, W. Ray, K. Shearer, B. Spears, B. Roderich, M. Schroeder, G. Walker, I. Weishaar, W. Clapp. Juniors: J._ Bailey, V. Blank, J. Campbell, M. Davidson, B. Dobson, L. Harry, E. Maier, K. Merritt, J. Major, J. Schaefer, P. Swick, R. Wileey, R. Vandiver, M. Townsend. Seniors: M. Brewer, L. Banta, H. Beko, J. Bosco, M. Campbell, M. E. Deleplane, M. Jenkins, M. McKinsey, E. Tubbs, J. Wakelorn, L. Dobson, A. Burget. —DOBSON.
Purdue Engineer: Important meeting in office for all staff members, October 26 at 7 :16 p. m- Be there. —HAMMER.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Weekly meeting to be held in room P of the Union October 27 at 7:30. Junior meeting at 7 oclock. Bring trading stock. —MILLER.
Omicron Nu: Tea October 26 at 4 p. m. in the dining room of the Home Economics Building. ' —MURPfiy.
Playshop: Costume committee meeting in the sub-basement of Union, October 27 at 4 :30 p. m. —McCOOL.
Sigma Delta Chi: Important meeting October 26, 7:30 p. m., in Memorial Union Building. All members must be present. —FORSTER.
_ Delta Rho Kappa: Members and prospective pledges meet in room B of the Union, October 26, at 4 :16 p. m. for pledging service. —DOUGLAS. Purdue Flying Club: There will be a special meeting of the club at 7:00 p. m. October 27 in the peasant room of the Union Building. —CONWAY.
WAA Riflery: October 26, 6:16, Ward 2; 7:00, Alpha Xi Delta. No rifle practice after 7 :46 because of convocation. —CHRISTENSON.
Sophomore Co-eds: All sophomores interested in working in WSGA report to the office in the Union Building October 26, at —STEWART.
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to work shop at 4 p. m. October 26. —HARPER, SAMUBLSON. Our committees report to office at 4 p. m. ®‘^*^CROSSMAN, WOOD, MA'TTHEWS, CABONARGI, MASON, JACOBSON. My compnltt^e report to tower room at 4 p. m. October 26. —GARLAND.
YWCA Literary Group: Meeting in the YWCA office at 4 p. m. October 26. r- —LEAMING.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon schedules in Union office are as follows: Monday—Schilling, M. Thompson, 1-2; Wickard, 2-3; Wickard, Thrasher, 3-4. Tuesday—Davis, Short, Pickering, Burstfield, Starrett, 1-2 ; Davis, Short, Pickering, Starrett, Wimborough, 2-3; Thrasher, Burtsfield, Wimborough, 3-4. Wednesday—Butz, Rossenwassen, 1-2 ; Steffee, Ross, Countryman, Henry, 2-3; Steffee, Schilling, Ross, Henry, 3-4. Thursday—Sawdon, Short, 1-2 : Sawdon, Rose, 2-3 : Price, Owen, Rose, 3-4. Friday—Martens, Thompson M., 1-2; Martens, Owen, 2-3; Price, Martens, 3-4. Be sure to be there at each hour. —PYKE.
WAA Fencing: Co-ed fencing in Women’s Gymnasium October 27 at 4 p. m. Wear gym clothes. —DANIEL. Radio Club: Meet October 27, instead of October 26, in room 254 of Electrical Build-
ing.
—LIPPMAN.
Society of Automotive Engineers; Important meeting at 4:16 p. m. October 26 in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —VANDERFORD.
Get Ready for DAD’S DAY
Send your Clothes now to be Crown Cleaned for the big event—
WAA Hockey: Juniors vs. freshmen at p. m. October 26. —DOBSON.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
ijo players
e the
models
' JwSb THOR^O" S’ T, ehTarkington,Gouvemeur Morris, worse S. Bro Douglas. . I, Kennedy,Charles SPECIAL ARTICLES by^h^_^^ j Wertenbaker. J editorials, cartoons. PLUS mystery serials, poem
T^ABBING a bit of moisture from his eyes at his. unknown of A-' five years ago "that didn’t look strong, enough to kick its way out of a paper bag.” Coach Jimmy Conzelmany of Washington University in St. Louis, tells you how his team now comes to play such notables as Southern Methodist and Army. How he did it. with the aid of a percussive banjo, wow speechmakirig, de luxe character builifing and wh^ not* is probably the most hilarious football gossip you ever read. You’ll wear out your copy of the Post this week showing it to friends. THATS FOOTBAlL FOR YOU By that Great Tragedian and Washington University Coach
SEE THE 1938 CARS Pages of colorful, exciting advertisements,previewing the new autCHnobiles and accessories. A show in itself t The biggest issue of the Saturday Evening Post in six years I