Published Daily By Students Of I^rdue University
yoLUM® XLvn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1936
NUMBER
Lions Club To Sponsor Banquet For Co-Champs Everett Dean, Coadh Of Indiami Quintet That Tied For Top Honors, Will Be Mean Speaker In celebration not only of Purdue’s co-championship honors in basketball this season, but the brilliant long-time record of Boilermaker combinations under Coach Ward Lambert since the World War, a gala banquet will be staged here Wednesday evening at 6:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, ■' '■= sponsored by the Lafayette
Wabash Train
Derailed
Championship Net Squad Also Arrives
//(
Of Hearts
it
By H. V. H. Approximately one thousand students and townspeople were at the Wabash station Sunday evening at 5:14 when the Big Ten cochampion netmen from Purdue arrived home after their victorious trip to Ann Arbor. Of those in attendance, about 986 were townspeople who canie to view the wreckage resulting from the derailment of nine freight cars which had been thrown from the tracks through the failure of a brake beam. The' '^her fifteen were friends or relatives^ of the players who offered their sincere congratulations. Loyal fans placed Bob Kessler, high scorer in the Western Conference and all-American Boilermaker captain, on their shoulders and carried him through the crowd, arousing the interest and curiosity of the wreck spectators. The remainder of the squad also arrived.
f
Indiana is proud of its two victorious net teams that have achieved nation - wide fame, but Purdue has not yet learned to show appreciation for a job well done. The team emerged from what seemed to be a defeat to conquer the only remaining foe of the season. It returned with another victory, a Conference crown, a few potential all-Americans, and one of the best hardwood technicians this country can claim. Several organizations on this campus are listed as “athletic boosters”, but their activities are better observed through the news columns and at other campus events, than through any stimulation of activity in the line of athletics. It would seem plausible to do one of two things; re-name the organizations to reflect the “still life” / motif or to stimulate these organizations to the point where activity could be noticed.
Lions’ Club.
The banquet will be a championship affair in every respect, with the Boilermakers celebrating not only their third successive title, but the ninth time in the past sixteen years that they have won or shared in top honors, and Everett Dean, coach of the Indiana quintet that tied with Purdue for top honors this year, as the principal speaker of the evening. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the Purdue history and economics department, •will preside as master of ceremonies over the evening introducing as speakers, in addition to Coach Dean, President E. C. Elliott; Da'vid E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; members of the faculty athletic committee; Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer, Coach Ward Lambert, and Freshman Coach William “Dutch” Fehr-
ing.
Among the guests of the evening will be the members of both the varsity and freshmen varsity basketball squads, and particular tribute will be paid to three seniors who have the unique distinction of having played on three successive championship quintets—Capt. Bob Kassler, Austin “Red” Lambert, and Ed. Elliott. Features of the evening will include the announcement of varsity letter awards by Coach Lambert, and the awarding of freshman varsity numerals by Coach Fehring, along with the election of the captain for the 1936-37 quintet.
Ace To Feature Sylvia Rhodes Aboard “Cotillion Clipper”
Beta Sophomore Biseomrs New Electric Motor
By G. A. Torrence An electric motor without field coils—that is the phenom,enon discovered by D. W. Moore, E. E. ’38. Around the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house, Moore is kno'wn by the affectionate name of “Maniac” because of his queer antics. He is continuously working with motors and photo-electric cells. Any night while listening to the radio, the program is apt to be rudely inter rupted by a burst of interference caused by one of Ms ndw creations Recently b® was fooling ar^ound with an ordinary universal motor. After removing the field coils land connecting the current, he found that the macMne started ?m4ping faster than before. “Maiiiafc” dubiously remarked that it must have been due to the soft iron core.
Recdves Aid
However, Moore took his invention to Allis-Chalmers in Cindnnati where he received a one-horse power nnotor to work on. At the University of Cincinnati, Professor Wilson^ who has been enperlmmting with small motors, was very much impressed and , thought the idea had possibiliUes if developed. (Continued on page 2)
Shot Fatal
To Rondeau University Fresliinaii
Dies Saturday
Earl W. Rondeau, 18, University freshman in the engineering school, passed away Saturday afternoon at 4:35 at the St. Elizabeth hospital from a wound inflicted by a revolver which he accidently fired into his abdomen March 2. The body was removed to the Murphy funeral home. His parents, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Rondeau, accompanied the body which was shipped to his home in Whitehall, N. Y., on the Big Pour railroad Sunday noon. The youth was bom in Whitehall on August 11, 1917, where he has resided until entering the University last fall. Besides Ms parents, he is survived by five sisters. The funeral will be held at 9 o’clock today at Angels of the Lady church in Whitehall. Burial will be made in the cemetery there.
Sylvia Rhodes, 18-year-old featured vocalist, will appear with Ace Brigode and his “Virginians” who are playing for the Sophomore Cotillion Friday night from 9 to 1 in the Memorial Union ballroom. Miss Rhodes studied music in the Filion Conservatory at Pittsburgh, but decided she would rather sing popular music than classics. Her favorite pastime is “singing in the rain” which she does during long walks. It was while she was walking in the rain and singing that she met Ace Brigode. He immediately asked her to sing ■with his band and she has been -with him
ever since.
Started Early Ace’s band ■yas organized in Virginia shortly after the World War. Since then he has played long engagements at night clubs and ho tels including the Monte Carlo in New, York, the Walton Hoof in Philadelphia, and recently at the Kennywood Park in Pittsburgh. His stylized arrangements and nov elty numbers have been heard over both the CB^S and NBC networks Skull and Crescent members must turn in tickets and money by 8 o’clock tomorrow night to E. H. Phelps at the Phi Kappa Sigma house. The 300 ticket limit has been reached and no more tickets 'will be
CoedsTo Hear Third Marital Talk Today Dr. Theodora Wheeler, the third speaker in the series of co-ed lectures will address the senior co-eds tonight in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock. Dr. Wheeler df Winnetka, Illinois, is here in place' of Dr, Lucia Towers, who was originally scheduled to speak at this lecture, and will speak on “The Hygiene of Marriage.” Tomorrow night Dr. R. Gerard ■Will give the final lecture which will be on “‘Marriage from the Man’s Viewpoint.”
WSGA To Vote On Rule Changes Constitutional changes proposed at the last W. S. G. A. mass meeting will be voted upon at the mass meeting to be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in the women's lounge of the Memorial Union Building. These changes, which will become final on receiving a majority of afiirmative votes at tomorrows meeting, include a reorganization of the executive board and a change in the time of the installation of new members of the judicial
board.
In addition the .nominees for the coming election ■will be introduced' at this time in order that each candidate will be known ■to every co-ed.
Yale Law Professor Will Taft On Radio Tonlglit Walter F. Dodd, professor of laiw at Yale University, will speak tonight at 6!45 over an NBC netwoipk on the, subject “PoWera Of tH© National Governsnent”. TM© is jt^ sixth in a series' of educational lectures.
ELECTS OFFICERS
Lambda chapter of Phi Kappai Tau announces the election of thO folowing office;^^: W. E. Winter, president; M. T. Gannon, vice president: F. J. Urumme, rush chairman lafid house manager; R. W. Perkins, (i^Oasurer; R. E. Turner, secretary; C. Hamilton; social chdirmafi; iand^ J. W. A^dckey, athlbtic man-
sold.
Skull and Crescent pledges, picked from the freshman class for their ’scholastic ability and participation in student activities, -will be announced at the Cotillion. Decorations for the dance will represent a huge “CMna Clipper” airship named the “Cotillion Clip per”. The band will be located on the prow of the sMp extending out onto the ballroom floor. The back< drop is designed as the “Goddess of Speed” painted in light blue, silver
and black colors.
The grand march will be much
larger this year as all those attend-
ing are to participate in it. Russian Will Appear Here Skariatiiia To Talk At Final Convo Thursday Irina Skariatina, brilliant Rus-
sian author and a direct relative to Russia’s most powerful families, will speak at the last scheduled convocation of the semester in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock Thursday evening. “Russia of Yesterday and Today” will be her sub-,
ject.
Miss Skariatina was decorated under fire during her service in the war as a nurse and medical student. Later she was imprisoned by the Bolsheviks, but was miraculously saved by members of the American Relief Administration who obtained a passport for her to leavfe the country legally. She came to America to live in 1923. Ha-^ng been granted a passport by the Bolshevik government. Miss Skariatina returned to Russia for the first time in 1932, where she made an unconducted tour of her former home, hospitals, Cheches, sanitariums, schools ' factories churches, museums, and attended political meetings' of the Bolshevists during the celebration of the Fifteen Years of Revolution. , “A World Can End”, her first book, appeared in 1931 and won instant attention. She followed that with a sequel, “A World'Begins” in wMch she tells of building a new ■world' for herseff in Her country. “First To Go Back” and “Little Era in Old Russia” followed ito
1933 and 1934.
Her en^mpassing knowledge Russian life, past and present, be^ entbukihsm, and hbr mafiner of prd sentation bave mado he» an outistanding succ^s as a speaker.
Senate Meets With
Executive Committee , Groups Discuss Auto Ruling, Student Honesty^
Attendance Rule, Campus Smoking
A joint session of the executive committee of the Univefsil^ and the Student Senate in the trustees’ room of Eliza Fowler Hall yesterday afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o’clock discussed three questions. The Senate auto license ruling, student honesty, and the University attendance ruling. Two
other pointii were brought up by President Edward C. Elliott just before the close of the meeting—^the maintaining of certain University sentiments and the regulation of smok-
ing on the campus.
Auto Ruling
A recommendation to repeal the present Senate auto ruling was made on behalf of the Senate by Frank Stone, president, to the executive committee of the University. TMs would mean the elimination of licensing of student operated automobiles by the Senate and would take auto regulation out of the hands of the organization. President E. C. Elliott asked for the recommendation in ■written form in order to have sometMng to show future Senates wMch might ■wish to undertake this prob lem. Stone said that the recommendation will be presented after the next Senate meeting, March 17, if the body is still agreed upon the
matter.
In place of the present system of auto licensing, which Dean Fisher has recommended doing away ■with for several years. President Elliott suggested a University ordinance whereby no student, if minor, would be permitted to operate an automobile without the writ ten agreement of his parents. He said that if the ruling is repealed, students ■will not have any special privileges in regard to city traffic laws, and he reminded the assembly that any University student arrested or convicted of any offense whatever automatically relinquishes his status as a student. Recommendations for modifica tions of the present ruling on campus dri^ring and parking were asked for by Pres. Elliott .Driving on the Northwestern Mall is being
considered especially. Strademt Honesty ■
Citing the example of the student who was recently given a “D” in a mechanical engineering course for copying a lab report. Stone brought up student honesty for consideration. A consensus of opinion among Senate members derived at last Thursday’s meeting agrees that at least 70 per cent of lab work done outside class is copied. Pres, Elliott recommended that the Senate appoint a committee to sit in "With the faculty committee, under Professor Uadley, for the purpose of working out a procedure for the examining of dishonestycases, especially concerning lab reports, favorable to both groups.
Attendance Rnling
The attendance ruling, passed two years ago, was raised by Pres. Elliott, who said that the possibilities for its repeal increase day by day. Special reports from the faculty last year were divided into three groups: one who said that the ruling didn’t make much difference, one who said that it made a world of difference for poor stu-
(Continued on page 4)
RA.f'l ,
J
Attendance
Rule Opinions Faculty, Students Com-
ment At Meetiilg
Opinions on the present University class attendance ruling, under wMch juniors, seniors, and distinguished students are put on their own initiative in the matter, expressed at the joint session of the Executive committee of the University and the Student Senate in-
cluded:
Dean Potter, of the Engineering schools: “I have received a great many complaints against the rul-
ihg.”
Prof. Harding, head of the E. E. school, stated that he thought that optional class attendance should be limite<^ to students who have satisfactory scholastic records. This is one of the provisions of the present ruling, but several voiced the opinion that freshmen and sophomores almost disregard it. W. R. Abbott, M. E., ’36: “I agree ■with the faculty. I think that students of inferior ability do take too much advantage of the ruling. It has never made much differ-
ence -with me.”
V. R. Butz, Ag. ’36: “The senior class of Ags is not taking an over advantage of tMs.” E. S. Adams, M. E,, ’36; Many of our classes are not as interesting as they might be.” Jean Adkins, H. E., ’37: “Instructors seem to turn in the “cuts” anyway. I think distiriguished students should be excepted.” R. B. Ellsworth, Ch. ^ E., ’36; '‘Poor attendance is discouraging (Continued from page 2) Co-ed Fills Playshop Role Conceal Identity Of Volunteer For Part
Dr. B. L. Clarke Will Speak To AChS Dr. B. L. Clarke, member of the research staff of the BeR Telephone Laboratories, ■will speak to the University section of American Qiemieal Sodety Thursday evening at 4:00 in room 106 of the Chemistry Building on “Mioro-
anaiysis”.
Dr. Clark, a 1921 graduate of George WasMngton University, is new «n associate editor of the Analytical Edition of Industrial •and Engifieeriidg Chemistty, Na'tibhaf CdhhriHor ftbni tie York Sebtioa oif A. GM S.. aik^j AdvisOty Membbr of lh4 Illicit chemical Society. He has hUd a wide and varied experience in thtf cMihiodf woidd.
By E. A. Dicns Until yesterday, despite the unwonted publicity cast upon “Little-bo-peep” and her show-stealing tactics in Playshop's “Behold This Dreamer” not even one of our beauteous co-eds had been adventurous enough to attempt a display of her histrionic ability in this stellar role. But just about when director “Gibbs” was beginning to think he might have to take the role himself, a wee slip of a lass timorously approached Mm and rather halfheartedly suggested that she would be ■willing to sacrifice her Tnaidanly vanity and self esteem to the par^ provided she could be made-up su that no one would recognize her and that her name would not appear on the program.
He Agrees
A fair enough proposition, thought Mr. WiUiams, and lest she change her mind, he quite avidly assented, only to find out ^ter that unbeknownst to Mm, the pubReity director had been snooping around, and had inadvertantly overfiea^ the conversation. Mr, Williams, knowing publicity hounds as few people do, is quite certain that MS wishes in the matter wilt not he respected, and the prol^em confronting him no^w is the one of keeping this niartyxing cMmsel from findin]g out that her innocent confidence has been betrayed^ For, if she does, she migikt *esdiid hSiF bffSt, and a^ SR, GiRik vl'oiihi^lmik ratief fMwy ik UiR of idiot it Would tl^t someone is goiAg tb p% ^ eld before many days bay*
j'
.'M
M]f I V *•« iv t'' r
i f I
f % if l''
\ f \ ll
^ *1
f ,\“ iftr P
1l;jif( ^1 |ii'?*¥|H
-V" <, ffl
iHj
,*'' iij H /*
? "(« '■’,< ,11 ’ ^ ^
If J
$utbne exponent
ftonndad In 188S
1S86-1936 Memlber Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of , OOUUBCIAmB PlGBSt Member Nationa] CMIese Press Assoeietion, Big: Ten Editorial Association Bxetastreir B^resented by National AdvertiSins: Serriee, Inc. 420 Madison Arenne, Neigr Torfc City
man, $8.60 per year, driivered by carrier, $2 60 per year
iOfayette, , sold by
Binsrle copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Foblication of Purdue UniviMrsity
Editor-in-Chief...— -
Manaeins Editor—
Associate Editors ~ _ Sports Editor Associate Sports hklitors
Buphomore Assistaats-
EDITOKIAL STAFF
„ _ _ .H V Heuser „ _ _ „ C H Campbell „ „ ,A M Chasteen, C M. Hardin,
W T Hunt, B. H. Morris, M. G Walther ___ „ JNE Hays D F Mnll, R. H Walpole, L. D Wood K A Barnette, J E Brock, A H Forester,
C Harper, Jr, E. P Manion, C L. Sadler, B C Schenk, J E von Harz Bold and Black Mitor — «W. R Abbott
BUSINESS STAFF ~
W A Koch
_ Jff. F Antonini U H Brown, R. Creek, D C Miller _ R J Hulse „ „ „ J G Girard, G R Shields
Business Manager
Advertising Manager „
Advertising Assistants
Circulation Manager
Circulation Assistants.
Editor
WOMEN'S STAFF
. Joyce Williams
Tuesday, March 10, 1936.
Issue Editor—H, Forster.
Class Attendaiice Under Fire At the joint meeting of the executive committee and the Student Senate yesterday afternoon, the question of class attendance regulation was again placed on the forum for consideration. From the comments of those in authority it is evident that the present optional attendance ruling is far from satisfactory, A little over two years ago, the change was made from “compulsory” to optional attendance in the light of maintaining a progressive trend. The “stick” was abolished and in its place was substituted the more docile attitude which offered to each student an opportunity to learn. Throughout the two years that tne “noble experiment” has been m operation at Purdue, there has undoubtedly been an accumulation of reflections from the proud mother and father who sent the light of their life to college with the idea that the college would educate him—a task that no college has ever been able to perform. If the home training, the background, the backBONE Were lacking, the light of the life did not cast illuminating reflection on the family back home and the registrar’s semi-annual message was not of the nature that is framed and hung on the wall. It is no wonder that the class attendance ruling is under fire. There are two schools of thought: (1) To maintain a state institution at a cost of several million dollars annually is a huge burden from which proportionate returns are to be expected. The youths of the state, in return for the expenditure, are to be polished for four years. If the polish is not attained, the expenditure is a loss. Therefore, it is necessary to compel those who lack the prerequisites for entering college to comply with first-grade regulations. (2) There is a time when mother’s apron strings must be set aside so that a course of life can be set by one’s own initiative. After passing through eight or more years of elementary grade school work and four years of training in high school, the college student has reached a point where kindergarten guidance is out of order. If there is not enough ambition in the soul to seek for greater heights, then let him sink. If there is the ambition, college is the golden opportunity, and God bless Mm. In a past issue of the Rotariam magazine a very interesting debate was presented in which two exponents of opposite thought argued the question, “Are there too many college students ?” No! There are not too many college students. To say that there are is to imply that learning has reached the point of stagnation. It could be compared to the policy of plowing under valuable crops when thousands are starving. But ask the question, “Are the students in college at the present day the group that should be there”, and the answer is still “No”. The reason? The population of the colleges is made up of a part of those of the younger generation who are financially able to refrain for four years from concentrating their entire efforts on earning a living. Some have come with a purpose in view; others are clogging up valuable machinery by occupying a seat in a classroom where they don’t want to be, by being subjected to material that they dislike, and by living a life which someone else is planning. Why is it necessary to coax and to prod a definite group of students to accept an opportunity? If they can’t swim, teach them; If they can swim but won’t, let them sink. The water is too crowded anyway. The sentiments of those opposed to the present regulation are appreciated. The student has not developed a sense of initiative that might reasonably be expected. If a turn is made in the reverse direction, however, it can be expected that this initiative that is sought in students will also reverse, and Purdue can play nursemaid once more to those who can’t see the opportunity or visualize the resulting benefits.
President Roosevelt’s recent tax message again warned Congress that it must raise revenue for its appropriations.Louisville Courier-Journal.
That guy is here again I Wish I Had The Wings Of An Angel Rnthie “Sing Smg” Moore No, 2975 turned down a date with the District Attorney after her “term” last week. The D. A, liked her even if the Chief didn’t appreciate the situation. SHE’S IN AGAIN We know one about Sexson’s marriage proposal Sunday, too, but we won’t say anything as this feud might go on indefinitely. GOOD REASON D. U. Stallings decided not to take Martenet to the dance Saturday for no reason at all—but we saw friend Dot and the ex-heart throb, Albaugh, going to town at said dance. We knoV Stallings—you had a headache. TOO BAD IT WASN*# And there was the Phi Delt who said, on entering the Union during the floral exhibits, “Geez, looks like a gangster’s funeral ” It wasn’t though—Gould isn”t dead, yet. COMMENT BY STOOGEY The Pi Phis are at it again—^the Belts lost SIX spoons and a silver cup at their formal dance Friday. They also made off with several bars of soap. ^ SOUNDS FUNNY What’s the matter—don’t the Belts rate anything but Pifis? One would think that they would have that shower situation under control by now. ONE TWO BOOM Who was the “Barney Oldfield” that wound his lizzie up and then let it fly at the Alpha Chi lawn? Brunk again Bemerly—And on Sunday, tool FIRE! FIRE! Lunceford had Fuller worried' Saturday night—he expected HIS Union to go up in smoke any minute, A DIRTY TRICK I CALLS IT And Fuller wanted to dance so much, but Hanley said “no”—so little Bobby just sat and listened. GIVE US TIME Forty students were suspended from school at the University of North Carolina for being members of an orgamzed cheating ring We aren’t quite organized yet. SOPHOMORE— (Continued from page 1) Back at the University, “Big Robbie” advised an immediate research into the possibilities of the new type of motor and President Elliott granted Moore a two weeks leave of absence from classes to enable him to develop his idea further. Advantages The chief advantages of the motor are that it can be made very small for relatively high power and has a high efficiency rating The new mo?or requires only half as many parts as the conventional type and runs equally well on either alternating or direct current and has a high starting torque and a power factor ranging from 80 to 90 as compared to .70 for an ordinary machine.
CO-EDITS
M. Jean Patou M. Jean Patou, one of the leading Fi^epch designers and dressmakers, died SundaY night of heart disease. For fifteen years the name of Patou has been outstanding in the list of prominent leader^ of the fashion industry, having been termed “one of the wonders of the Couture”.
His style was ^outstanding, for he always designed to be, first of all, wearable. In his own words, “I keep in mind a certain type of woman and imagine her dressed for each occasion,” dressed so that he would be proud to be her escort, However, his designs were not stereotyped for he was the leader in many styles. Long before the waistline took its natural position he was attempting to put it there, even though his attempt was un-
successful.
His town clothes and /levemng clothes were distinctive, as were his sport outfits, although he attempted to keep them in their place.
Patou designed primarily for American women and because of them reached his great fame and fortune. In oi^ider to further cater to this class, he imported American mannequins for his shop.
Previous to his bankruptcy, that took place in the summer of 1935, he sold over $1,000,000 worth of dresses annually. However, through the cooperation of his creditors, he was able to resume business.
Patou has three important houses, the largest and most important in Pans, with the branches in Biarritz and the Rmera. In his Pans establishment he has installed a little bar to relieve the tedious task of fittings.
One of the few designers to appreciate the value of publicity, for most of them will accept no publicity whatever, Patou often came to America to make a showing. In his openings he usually favored one color, such as ibis (pale apricot) in 1927, capucine (orange) in 1928, and opaline (pale pink) in 1929. —E. H. ATTENDANCE— (Continued from page 1) to lecturers, but it might encourage them to make their lectures more interesting That is the only point in favor of the ruling.” Dean Enders, head of the Biology department “Couldn’t students help make classes more interesting by knowing more about the sub-
j’ect?”
Prof Harding- “If classes are not interesting, I should think able students, not others, would be the first to take advantage of it.” “Punctuality?” Prof Bray, head of the Ch E. school. “Punctuality is very necessary in industry ” Prof. Hatt, head of the C E
school! “Stuidnts who iibi8ent thexfiselve^ fooih etdsd afe tbo ofies who can least afford it* Good students know that thoy get something out of classes.*’ Prof. Hadley, of the IM^th <iepartment; “I wonder if the Senate is adequately representative of the student body on this matter S. R. Wirth, E. E. ’87: “I f a student doesn’t have the desire to get his studies, nothing can he done. I have known students who positively''dreaded to go to the lecture of one professor who was monotonous in his speaking.” Dean Jordan, of the Pharmacy school: “I think the rule has worked out very satisfactorily. We rarely have an absence in our school.” W. C. MaePherson, M. E., ’36: “I don’t think there is much difference between the present and the old regulation.” Miss Dorothy Stratton, Dean of Women: “The Student Senate has more ability to ma^e the rule effective than any faculty committee. Why doesn’t the Senate take charge of the matter and make constructive proposals towards keeping students in class?” Adams: “The fraternities do work to keep freshmen and sophomores in class.” Prof Hatt: “Some students who miss labs think that they don’t have to make them up.” Pres. Elliott: “When a student is absent from class, he is not relieved of the responsibility of his work.” Prof Bray “What do students do with their time?' G. R. Cox, Sc. ’36: “The only good use students who cut classes make of their time is studying for classes in which they are more interested or in studying for tests.” Hope Reisner, Sc. ’37- “I am in the Science school, where most of the class cutters are. I don’t think there is any use of going to a German class and listening to other students translate, if a person knows how to translate the les-
son.’
C E Reiley, Ch E, ’37: “Why not let loafers and slackers drop out? Why push them through?” Pres. Elliott; “There are scores and scores of graduates throughout the country who would not have graduated if they had not been pressed a little at the right time ”
AitM 3«nelit Ball Bbhb joir utiiati, Vototoab Sat., March 14—At Allen’a OBVAL )FRAY 9-12 $1 Per Coapto
RENTA CAR
Dormer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Risk Dental Clinic PAULA RISK ROBERT G RISK HAROLD J RISK LUTHER A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Mam
A Million Strong
DR. A, M. IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
A recent report of the National Educational Association reveals that attendance at American institutions of higher education is at the highest level in history. The report states that 1,071,300 are attending colleges and universities this year. Of that total, more than-700,000 are full time students. The constant increase in the number of young Americans seeking higher education, even in the face of distressing financial conditions, is indicative of an ever-mcreasmg public reliance on education to meet and solve the problems of modem business and industry. The forces of competition which penetrate our entire economic and social structures have driven the ambitious man to a college education. He no longer can rely on natural ability alone to insure success; he must obtain the broadening and stimulating effects of college training. A few radicals and pessimists may hurl degradations, at university life if they choose, but the upward trend in student enrollment is a positive indication that public confidence is unshaken in the value of higher education. These cynical individuals will have a more difiicult time attracting attention in the future, as the public recognizes the value of education to an ever-increasjng e?ctent.—^A. M, C. Headline; Hate Smith Will Sing For Mammoth Mnsicale. Someone put the adjective in the wrong place.
SENIORS! We make application pictures for ?1 25 per dozen Special price on lots of fifty or more Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St w Lafayette
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This IS all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING _ for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
sm THE MR. MULLIGAN THE NEW MODEL AIRPLANE AT OUR SPORTS DEPT. DiCKER^S 618-20 Main, St. Pi|one ^477
We can restore to perfect appearance, functioning, quietness, that badly or slightly injured Stream Line Auto Body. AUTO BO0Y SHOP 431-438 North TMrd Dial 2998
DRIYE IT YOURSELF— LATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LESLIE HOWARD BETTE DAVIS In
PLUS Popeye Cartoon
stars I radio^ stage and screen in a brilliant ’ musEcol presentQtionI
< A Fos picture lleoturinq Jzi 'MflM© MAiTDNl^^J oeNBVsEve iobih
TODAY - WEDNESDAY CAN'T LAUGH?, HG'LL MAKE YOUc..
wiVM ymmmsms. wiaiABsaEBAM PLUS THELMA TODD - PATSY KELLY COMEDY
“Modern Tokyo” Traveltalk — In Color
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE EXPONENT “
Family TODAY - WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATUREI'fl'iIjiaf’Y'!
^ ;,3* j was i
■M'<^
Ld
2!*en tndivi(iLual Scoring Pdr Seasoti
' ■'' ' By Bob Walpole' '
Coach Ward ‘Tiggy” Lambert’s fioilermakers thrilled a capacity crowd of 9,600 Michigan, fans Saturday night by staging a late second half rally to overcome a large Wolverine lead to nose out the quintet from Ann Arbor, 38 to 37. By defeating Michigan, Purdue finished the 1936-36 basketball
season in a two way tie for
the Western Conference championship With Indiana, each with eleven wins and one loss. The Boilermakers did the seemingly impossible in whipping Michigan. With less than ten minutes to go in the last half of the battle at Ann Arbor, the Old Gold and Black net five were on the short end of a 30 to 15 score. Coming to life with a sudden attack of speed and precision, Purdue, led by Captain Bob Kessler , Jewell Young, and Pat Malaska, scored 17 points with a swiftness that left the Michigan fans speechless. 10 Minutes To Go The spree started with the ten minute mark shortly past. Yoimg dropped in two quick field goals and Malaska one to change the score to 30 to 21 in the Wolverine favor. Kessler and Malaska turned on the heat to bring the score up to 32 to 30, then Kes tied the score with a one handed push up, but failed to score on Captain Tamagno’s fourth foul. In quick order Fishman, Michigan guard added three points to send his team into the lead again by scoring on a charity trip at Young’s expense, followed by a smooth one handed
shot.
Michigan’s lead was momentary, however, for Kessler again came to the front to put the Boilermakers ahead, 36 to 36. In a scramble under the basket, Kes was dumped on his back and appeared to be hurt. After a moment’s rest he resumed play by /sinking two perfect free shots to end the scoring for the evening with 27 seconds remaining in the 1936-36 season. John Townsend, Michigan’s great sophomore forward, revived the spirit of the Wolverine quintet by sinking a long one, but the end was too close for the Ann Arbor five to regain possession of the ball after the center jump.
-ra W If BHIAB Iw MONEY OANBUY DHi9£aRI} OF
MEMCO This simple appeas» ang vet amazing ahsorhemt filter is? vmition mth Cello? phase esteirior asd cooling mesh screen isteriorkeepsjmCes andflakeBisFilter and out of mantis? Prevents tongn® bite, raw moutln ^ wet'heel, han odor? frequent esmectoration?
^ in. Improves thetaeteand aromaofany tohacco.
Purdue’s three graduating seniors finished their collegiate careers with a wonderful exhibition of basketball. Ed Elliott, Red Lambert, and Bob Kessler put every oimce of ener^ that they possessed into that last ten minutes, and to them Coach Lambert can credit his third conference championship in, as many years. Young, Seward, Malaska, Downey and Sines should be congratulated for their part'of the play. It was a team, clicking with fine clocklike precision that snuffed out ths^t tremendous Michigan lead. Kessler was again the high point man for the evening. Bob scored 14 points, 12 in the second half to finish the Big Ten individual scoring race in first place, nine points ahead of Bill Haarlow, the Maroon ace who beat him out a year ago. Kessler scored 160 points in 12 conference engagements while Haarlow ended his season with 151 total points. Kes’ remarkable record included 61 field goals, a record seldom attained in the Western Conference for an individual player. All Michigan For 30 Minutes Michigan, dominated the play for the first thirty minutes with such men as the Townsend brothers. Gee, Rudness, and Tamagno hitting hard from all angles. The Michigan first line of offense averaged 6 feet, 3 inches in height and thereby held supreme until Purdue’s excess speed broke the ice. Gee stood out as a defensive star. He used to advantage his height in recovering the ball from the backboard in the majority of the Purdue shots that didn’t hit. So tight was the Wol verine defense in the first period that Purdue was able to collect only three buckets, but the second half was a different story, with a record of five baskets for Michigan against eleven for the Boilermakers. In the last half Kessler scored on all but one of his at tempts for a field goal; on that one he was fouled by Earl Townsend on the play and made both charity tosses good.
Lineup:
Purdue B F P Kessler, f 6 2 2 Young, f 2 1 1 Seward, c 0 0 2 Lambert, g 0 1 3 Downey, g 0 2 1 Malaska, g 4 0 2 Elliott, c 1 0 0 Sines, f 1 4 0 Totals 14 10 11 Michigan B F P E. Townsend, f 2 2 J. Townsend, f 4 0 Gee, c 4 0 Rudness, g 1 1 Tamagno, g 4 1 Fishman, g 1 1 1 Totals 16 5 12 Score at half: Michigan, 25; Pur-
due, 12,
Referee—Stanley Feezle (Indianapolis). Umpire—Bray (Cincinnati).
Coach Everett B. Dean, above, of Indiana University, outstanding hardwood mentor, who will be the principal speaker at ^ the annual Idons club b,anquet in honor of Purdue’s basketball squad and Coach Ward Lambert, to be held in the Memorial Union Building at 6:30. o’clock tomorrow evening. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the Purdue history and economics department, will act as toastmaster for the evening’s gala celebration. Grid Tryouts Attract 125 Spring Football Practice Formally Opens Monday along with its warm spring air,- brought one of the largest spring football turnouts in years. Men have been checking out equipment for three or four days, but yesterday was the formal opening with 125 Boilermakers beginning the fight for a place on next fall’s football team. Coaches and men alike were full of vim, zip and vigor, starting out immediately to go through the fundamentals of football. A large part of the spring football practice will be given to fundamentals. The big job of the season is to find men to replace Dennis, Voss, Loebs and Sandefur in the line. Among the backfield men who have -finished their college playing is Dick
Sandefur.
Practice is being held in the field opposite Cary Hall. The definite date for the freshman->varsity game which always -winds up spring practice is not kno-wn, but it will probably be -within five or
six weeks.
Squash Team To Defend Unbroken Record Saturday Afternoon Purdue’s squash racquets squad which maintained its unbroken string of victories against midwestern teams Saturday when it journeyed to Ann Arbor to defeat Michigan, 4-1, will meet the Indianapolis Athletic Club here Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock at the town courts, it was announced last night by Coach Mert Clevett. The meet -with the I. A. C. was originally scheduled for January 26, but was postponed on account of impassable roads at that time. Both Purdue’s varsity and facul ty squads will match strokes with the I. A. C. representatives. The varsity meet will be a seven match affair, while a special three-man faculty match -will supplement the afternoon’s activities. In last Saturday’s match with Ann Arbor, Lucek, Jack Noll, Wakefield and Tzucker all won their matches for Purdue, while Harry Noll was the [lone loser.
Track
Team Downed By Indiana Lashf Cottier^ Baldwin Star For Victors In Last
Dual Meet By Bill Fifield
Purdue’s indoor track team was defeated in a dual meet with the University of Indiana 79 to 16 last Saturday afternoon at Bloomington. Indiana won first in every event except the mile relay. Don Lash, Indiana’s star distance runner, set new field house records in the mile and two mile, the milb being in 4:16,6, bettering the old record by one second, and the two mile in 9:14.1, bettering the old record by 16 seconds. Other men winning two events were Cole Collier and Charles Baldwin. Collier won the 60-yard dash and quarter mile, tying Fuqua’s field house hecord of :06.2 in the 60-yard dash. Bald-win won the high jump, low hurdles and second in pole-vault. Indiana’s relay team finished first in the mile relay, but was disqualified when Hicks failed to pass the baton to Collier, Crimson anchor man, within the allowed distance. The Indiana meet was the last of Purdue’s dual indoor track meets. Next Saturday they will go to Chicago for the Big Ten meet and the following week end to Indianapolis for the Butler Relays, which will close the indoor season.
Table Tennis Tnuuhn^ ToBeginMarehl6 All campus table tennis -will begin Monday, March 16, at 4 o^clock on the main floor of the gym. The matches will be decided on two out of three games. Each entrant must pay ten cents, and he may bring his o-wn paddle for all the games or use those that are furnished. Ten tables will be spread out on the main^ floor of the Memorial Gym. Officials expect the tournament to attract about 160 students and faculty.
W^ife Of Col. Kirkwood Passes Away Mrs. Lillian Kirkwood, wife of ieut. Col. Robert G. Kirkwood, for many years commandant of the University R. O. T. C. passed away at her family home yesterday morning, according to word received late last night. Besides her husband, a graduate of the engineering school of ’08, she is survived by her daughter. Miss Lucia Kirkwood, ’34, and Robert H. Kirkwood, both of Washington, D. C.
Water Polo Team Wins Pardue’'s water polo team defeated the Hoosier.Athletic club of Indianapolis last night in the Memorial pool by a score of 6 to 1# Davenport led the scoring with 3 points, Stewart and Closson divided ^ other three points between them -with Stewart getting the larger share. Anderson -was responsible for the Athletic club's lone tally. This was the last dual.,meet before the Big Ten meet.
♦ ♦
V -f V V V V ♦ BASKETBALL V V v' V- + V V
Today
Court 1, AbelL 7:00—Ward 11-B vs. Ward 11-C. 7:15—Ward 16 vs. Ward 11-D. 8:25—^Ward 2 vs. Ward 4. Court 2, Borehelt. 7:00—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Delta Theta. 7:15—Triangle vs. Delta Tau Del-
ta.
Court 3, Halt. 7:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
60 yard dash: Collier (I) ; Stein Stalcup (P). Time: :06.2. One Mile run: Lash (I) ; Smith (I) ; Deckard (I). Time: 4:16.6. (Fieldhouse record.) 70 yard high hurdles; Caldemeyer (I) ; Neely (I); Lemen (P). Time :08.9. High jump—^Baldwin (I) ; Williamson (P) : Andres (P). Height: 6’, 10". 440 yard dash: Collier (I) ; Rich (I) : Hicks H). Time: :B0.7. Shot put—Schaeiderman (I) ; Livingston (I) : Grant (PJ. Distance: 42’, 4%”. 70 yard low hurdles: Baldwin (I) ; Chadwick (I); Tanner (I). Time: :0k Two mile run: Lash (I) ; Smith (I) ; Deckard (I). Time: 9:14.1. (Keldhouse record.) Pole vault—Shoemaker (I) ; Baldwin (I); McGannon (P). Height: 12’. 880 yard run—^Hobbs (I) ; Glendenning (P); Miller (I). Time: 1:66.1. One mile relay: Purdue (Bluemel, Glendenning, Fifield, Soles). Time: 3:25.
Fraternities To Begin Gold And Blaek Play Fraternities entered in Gold and Black -will resume play Wednesday on the Intramural field where they left pff last faH. Practice games will be held today at 4, and actual competition -will begin Wednesday. The fraternities still in the tournament are listed below: Delta Sigma Lambda. Phi Kappa Tau. Phi Gamma Delta. Kappa Delta Rho. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Delta Alpha Pi. Sigma Phi Epsilon.' Kappa Sigma. Pi Kappa Phi. Phi Delta Theta. Phi Kappa Psi.
LINCO Super Service TRY us
EDDIE YUILL
RAY WOOD
Gun Squad Contest Closes Tomorrow Competition conducted by the R. O. T. C. to determine the best 76 mm. gun squad is drawing to a finish. The contest, which started last Thursday, is scheduled to end tomorrow afternoon. Gun squads composed both of freshmen alone and of sophomores and freshmen together are entered in the drilh The determining factors of the contest are speed of execution and accuracy. Whenever a squad make^ an error, or takes mote than the allotted time limit, points arO marked up against it. The squad with the least number of points 'wfll'-Vrin the contest.
MY SON MUST GET AROUND
Last -week, I visited him at Purdue. He suggested that I stay at the Union Club. And did he know! The Union beats them all. Besides, it gives a parent a chance to get an inside ^ glimpse of university life.
UNION Cl UB Rates are Low
IN THE
Purdue Memorial Union “ITfee Corner of the Campm, Yet the Center of College Activities’'Today Kappa Phi Delta Meeting, Education Building, 7 p. m. ^‘Problems of College Exams”, Dr. Judd, Boom 101 Education Bldg., 7:S0 p. m. Co-ed Marital Lecture, Dr. Theodora Wheeler, Women’s Lounge, 7:30. Drama Section, Purdue Women’s Club, Rooms 1 and 2, Union, 2:30. Graduate Dames, Faculty Lounge, 8 p. m. French Glasses, Rooms 1 and 2 Union, 1:30 p. m. Art Class, Purdue Women’s club Faculty Lounge, Union, 9 a. m. Religious Council, Rooms 1 and 2, Union, 7 p. m. Wednesday Poultry Club Meeting, Poultry Building, room 204, 7:16. Co-ed Marital Lecture, Dr. R. Geiaid, Women’s Lounge, 7:30. Basketball Banquet, Union Ballloom. A. S. C. E. Meeting, C. E. Bldg, room 201, 7 p. m. W. S. G. A. Mass Meeting, Faculty Lounge, 4. Delta Rho Kappa, Peasant Room Union, 7 p. m. Flying Club, room 1, Union, 7:30 p m Alpha Zeta, room 2, Union, 7. Thursday University Convocation, Inna Skaratina. Fowler Hall, 8 p. m. Reception, Faculty Lounge, After Convocation, New Entomology Society, Ag Hall, room 13, 7 p. m. Industrial Education Society Shops 7 p. m. A Ch S, Chem. Bldg., Room 106, B. L. Clarke, 7:30 p. m. Winter Course Society Meeting, Ag. Hall Assembly room. Senior Employment Lecture. Dr. Gilbreth, Fowler Hall, 4 p. m. Friday Sophomore Cotillion, ballroom, 9-1, Ace Brigode’s orchestra. Skull and Crescent banquet, faculty lounge, 6:30. Agronomy Seminar, Room 201 Ag. Building, 4 p. m. G. P. Walker, “The Decatur Sugar Beet Experimental Field.”
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rept, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. EbershofP, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. Room for Rent—^Twm beds, board if desired. Close to Campus. 346 Northwestern Ave,
Union. Workers—Members of our com' mittees meet today at 4 in sub-basement —QUU3GLE, PUGH, SHOEMAKER Union Workers—Tboae who have no 9 o’clock tomorrow report to George Mitchell m Union lobby. —BEGGS
Wanted—Passengers to Buffalo and the east over spring vacation. McEachron, 4096.
Lost—1936 high school class ring. Finder please telephone 46764. Ask for Werner.
NOTICES Ns notices accepted after 8 p.
Discussion Group—Meeting tomorrow evening instead of 'ITiursday because of convocation Subject will be “Single and Double Standards” —KUEHN
Playshop—Meeting of sound effects committee at 4 IB today in Playshop office —GERSHUNY
W. A. A. Tumblers—Compulsory meeting in Women s Gym at 7 IB tonight —WALKER
Junior Military Students—All taking M T 6 report to Capt Hayford on the second floor of the Armory today for inoculation Uniforms not required —HAYFORD
Co-ed Fencing—Practice at 7 30 tonight —HADLEY
Delta Rho Kappa—Meeting at 7 in Union tomorrow night —ROBBINS
Removal of Condition in M. T. 2—All students who received a C grade in M T 2 (gunnery) last year report to Capt Hayford at the Armory before noon, March 21, and arrange for removal of this grade —HAYFORD
Scabbard and Blade Pledges^—Be at the Union at 7 30 tonight Uniforms not required —KANY
please
Union Workers—My committee meet in Union office today
—KUEHN
W S G A Residence Committee—^Meeting at 4 today, very important —DIMMICK
Religious Council—^Meeting in rooms 1 and 2 in Union today. —HAYNES
Union Band—Members of the Union Show band will rehearse today at 4 in tower room and Thursday and Friday at 8 a m at the Mars —JUMP
SENATE MEETS WITH— (Continued from page 1) dents, and one who said that it didn’t make any difference for good students. The latest opinion on the ruling is that students of ability do not make use of it, but the poor students do, to their very evident damage. Mutilation Of Campus Pres. Elliott also mentioned for consideratjion the maintaining of certain University sentiments, especially trespassing on the Oval. He told of seeing two “delightful young creatures” come laughing and talking up to the Oval. They stopped and laughed at the Senate sign requesting “keep off of the grass” and then proceeded to trip across. On the other side they celebrated the crossing by making some remarks about the signs. Smoking On Campus “I have been forced to close one women’s lounge room,” said President Elliott, “not because of smoking, but because of the setting of the contents of the room on fire.” He added that he might have to close more of the lounge rooms in University buildings. Citing the need for uniform regulations on campus smoking, he said, “We can’t have half of the campus smoking and the other half not.”
WBAA
Today 11 00—Morning Melodies, C Sohopp, tenor 11 20—Newscaster, Frank Hall 11 30—Charlotte Stewart, soprano 11 50—^News Flashes 12 00—Chemistry Today 12 15—Orval Wray’s Orchestra 12 30—^McLean 'Tno 12 '46—Everyday Sociology 1 00—Mechanical Engineering Shop 1 '15—Just A Stranger 1 30—^Treasure Chest. 1 45—Final Markets
132.50 Automatic Feed..'.Rotary Stencil Duplicatiitf Machine For Ciiibs, Fraternities, Sororities and ail Organizations
10 EXCLUSIVi FEATURES 1— Less working parts than any other duplicator on the market 2— Size of Sheet From Postcard to Legal Size Form 3— Perfect Registration 4— Raising or Lowering of Print 5— Stripper 6— Inside Inking. 7— Adjustable to thickness of stock. 8— Speed of Automatic Feed— 5,000 Per Hour. 9— Prints t the very top of Post Card or Sheet. 10—Fully Guaranteed.
A product of skilled engineering and specialized knowledge in the field of stencil duplicating machines. On demonstration at our store or in your home or office by appointment. Hiiywoocl’s
Suitie ®ff th® Sawing ansi Eamisig^’’ Uses tills Maciiims SHIPPING FORMS SHOP ORDERS INVENTORY LISTS Stock lists PRICE LISTS post cards -• ANNOUNCEMENTS CIRCULARS SALES BULLETINS LETTERS OF ALL KINDS^ INSTRUCTION SHEETS ■•i PRODUCTION SCHEDULES CARTOONS BLOTTERS ROUTING SHEETS DEPARTMENT MEMOS PROMOTIONAL WORK ENVELOPES ■’» BARGAIN LISTS INSURANCE FORMS STATEMENTS LETTERHEADS HAND BILLS OFFICE FORMS RENTAL LISTS BILLHEADS MENU CARDS •• ORDER BLANKS
'50
Fifth ani f»trf
Lafayette, Indiana
A LIGHT SMOKE OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO
Over a period of years, certain basic advances have been made in the selection and treatment of cigarette tobaccos for Lucky Strike Cigarettes. They include preliminary analyses of the tobacco selected; use of center leaves; the higher heat treatment of tobacco
(“Toasting”); consideration of acid-alka-line balance, with consequent deinite improvement in iavor; and controlled uniformity in the finished product. All these combine to produce a superior cigarette— a modern cigarette, a cigarette made of rich, ripe-bodied tobaccos—A Light Smoke.
Luckies are less odd
mmt Irnkf
Excess of Acidity of Other Popular Brartds Over LuckyStrihe Cigaretti L. . . . 3 . . . . s . . 5 § s s
BAtANCE
1 — . • ■ ’ ■ ■ ; -n
1 LUC KV ST R1 KB
^ ; i •
B BRAND
B
B BRAND
C
1 BRAND
D
«Rfi8Ul.n VEIIIFIBO BVINOSMHOIOT
S TOASTED
ii
Your throat protection-against irritation —against cough
Exponent Advertisers are ^e|bble Local Merchants