V ‘
the pur du e EXp onent
s
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Tuesday, October 12,1937
NUMBER 25
Four Freshman Women Submit WSGA Petitions Freshmen representatives for the Women’s Self Governing Association will be elected at a W. S. G. A. mass meeting to be held Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Nominees, chosen from girls who handed in petitions signed by 25 classmates,: are Peggy Terstegge, Doris Gamble, Joyce Burnham, and Vink Fleenor.
Initial Convocation Songstress
Rogers, Stafford Will Inspect Gym Classes James E. Rogers of New York City, director of the National Physical Education Service of the National Recreation Association, and Frank S. Stafford, assistant chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education of Indiana, will spend tomorrow morning at the University to inspect physical education and recreational facililties. During their visit to the University, Rogers and Stafford will appear before various classes for short addresses. The visitors mil also be guests at a luncheon in the Memorial Union Building to be attended by staff members from both men’s and women’s physical education staffs. A member of various health and educational associations, Rogers is a recognized national leader in the related fields of education and recreation, and for the past 36 years has held many responsible positions in the allied fields of social service, physical education and health. For the past 10 years he has been making an average of 125 addresses per year to approximately 500,000 people connected with educational, social, civic and recreational groups. University Club Issues Call For Contract Bridge Players The University Club has issued a call for bridge players of the University faculty and staff to take part in a contract bridge tourney. The inaugural contest, sponsored by the club, on October 25 will be the first of a series of the six bridge meetings to be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Six tables will be played during the meeting, lasting from 7:30 to 10:30 o’clock each evening. Professor Frank C. Hockema, president of the University Club has appointed a committee, with J. R. Wiley as chairman, to make arrangements for the tourney. Prizes for men and women will be awarded at each contest, and at the close of the series prizes for the four highest scorers will be given. Eastwood Talks To Frosh Counselor Group Today “How to Counsel Freshmen on Matters of Health and Recreation’’ will be the theme of Dr. F. R. Eastwood, of the physical education department, when he talks to the second meeting of counselors for freshmen today. Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel!, urges all counselors to attend this meeting, which will be held in the lecture room on the second floor of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 o’clock this afternoon.
Eleven Men Join Flying Club Flying Club announces that it has voted five new Class A members into the club: J. W. Bailey, Anderson; Willis Boothby, Woodbury, N. J.; C. C. Hyde, Akron, 'O.; J. P. Kelly, Winamac; and R. N. Schneblin, Peoria, 111. Class B members include M. Bowne, B. Brink, Lois Hollingsworth, R. Kimball, R. Ross, and E. Malik.
Two girls will be chosen from the group. Betty Ann Stewart, W. S. G. A. president, announced that other business brought up at the mass meeting would concern the Gold Diggers’ dance scheduled for October 22, and the vocational guidance conference scheduled next week. Benefits of the conference" on woman’s work will be discussed by Miss Ruth Houghton, head of the women’s placements service, and Dorothy Martinet, chairman of the W. S. G. A. vocational guidance committee. Dr. Bertha Rose, new physician for women, will be introduced to the gathering. PIA Beginning, Advanced Dance Classes Start Today P. I. A. advance dance classes will get under way Thursday, at 4 p. m. and 7 p. m., in the Memorial Union ballroom under the direction of Mrs. Duncan of the Duncan Dancing Academy. The complete course will consist of 10 lessons open to P. I. A. members, each dancing session held on Thursdays. A charge of $2.50, is made for the course. Classes for beginners begin today and will continue on succeeding Mondays. The same charge of $2.60 will apply to the latter as for the advanced classes. P. I. A. members may enroll in the classes on any day from 4 to 6 o’clock. Botany Department Adds Research Expert To Statf H. Rex Thomas, formerly of Berkeley, Calif., recently joined the staff of the experiment station in the botany department. He is a graduate of the University of California and in addition has worked three years there toward his doctor’s degree. Thomas has been employed cooperatively by the botany department and the U. S. bureau of plant industry to study methods of cbntrol of canning tomato diseases. In his work, Thomas will spend part of his which produce most of the tomato that produce, most of the tomato plants used in Indiana.
University Calendar
TODAY Appraisal School: Meeting at 9 a. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Radio Broadcast: In room C of the Memorial Union Building at 11:30 a. m., 12 noon, and 4:16 p. m. Appraisal School Dinner: In rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 p. m. Xi Sigma Pi: Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. Christian Science: Meeting in room C of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m. Undergraduate Dames: Party in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Convocation: Rethberg and Pinza in Jefferson Gymnasium in Lafayette at 8 p. m. Undergraduate Dames To Give Supper In Union University Undergraduate Dames Club will hold a buffet supper this evening at 8 o’clock in the recreational room of the Memorial Union Building. It will be an open house meeting witli old members entertaining new members and their husbands.
Elisabeth Rethberg, who will sing a joint concert with Ezio Pinza tonight at 8 o’clock in Jefferson High School Gymnasium, Lafayette. Singing in joint recitals and as solo artists last year they filled 182 en gagements in the United States, Europe, and Australia. Reared in Ger many immediately after the World War, Mme Rethberg after experiencing the hardships of poverty and hunger, is now distinguished as a pop-
ular prima donna of the Metropolitan Opera ^Company.
YWCA Calls Meeting For New Membership Drive Prospective Y. W. C. A. members will rally with old members tonight at a mass meeting in the faculty lounge of the Union Building at 4 o’clock today. This mfeeting has been called by Dorothy Bryant, Y. W. C. A. president, in order to begin a new membership drive. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, advisor of Y. W. C. A., will speak at the rally, TKfe chairmen of different interest groups will explain and discuss their plans for the coming season. Betty Klein and Peggy Hamilton in charge of the memberghip driye, invite all those interested in joining the organization to attend the rally. Musicians' Biographies On Display In Music Room Biographies of Chopin, Beethoven and Schubert will be on display every afternoon this week from 4 to 6 in ►the music room of the Memorial Union Building.
Cattle Judging Team Awarded Third Place Students comprising the University dairy cattle judging team were awarded third place honors Saturday in competition with 25 other teams at the national collegiate judging contest, Columbus, 0.,' in connection with the National Dairy Show. Prof. J. H. Hilton coached the
squad.
Martin Underwood of Summittville, a member of the University team, amassed the second largest number of points of the 75 indi vidual competitors in the contest. Other members of the team, seniors in the school of agriculture, ma joring in dg^iry production, are A. A. Siebenthal, Wolcott; H. V. Cobbs, Roanoke; and S. F. Overbeck, of
Holland.
Kappa Delta Rho
Kappa Delta Rho, social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert G. Rice, Milwaukee, Wis.
Recital Tonight Launches Regular Convo Series Elisabeth Rethberg, soprano, and Ezio Pinza, basso, Metropolitan opera favorites, will sing during a joint recital in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium starting at 8 o’clock tonight. Their recital is the first of the convocation series sched-
uled for this year.
Engineer Captures Cup
F. H. McLaughlin, R. N. Gilbert, D. D, Baals, and E. R. Lindsey, left to right, senior staff members of the Purdue Engineer, hold the cup awarded their publication in n contest sponsored by Tech Engineering
News, of Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The program will be:
Mr. Pinza
“Qui Sdegno Non S’Accende’’ (Magic Flute) Mozart “Alma Mia” Handel “O Bellissimi Capelli” .... Falconieri “Che Fiero Costume” Legrenzi Mme. Rethberg “My Heart Ever Faithful” .... Bach “0 Sleep, Why Dost Thou Leave Me?” Handel “0 Had I Jubal’s Lyre” Handel Mme. Rethberg and Mr. Pinza Duet; “La Ci Darem La Mano” (Don Giovanni) Mozart INTERMISSION Mme. Rethberg “Wohin?” Schubert “Du Bist Wie Eine Blume” Schumann “Im Herbst” Franz “Standchen” Strauss
Mr. Pinza
“Fiocca La Neve” Cimara “Mephistopheles' Serenade” (Faust) Gounod “II Lacerato Spirito” (Simon Boccenegra) .... G. Verdi Mme. Rethberg and Mr. Pinza “The Swallow Duet” (Mignon) Thomas The appearance of these two leading stars of opera here Will be only their second joint recital of this season. Their widespread popularity is shown by the fact that last year they filled 182 engagements both in joint recital and as solo artists. Of these 136 were in the United States, 21 in Australia, and
25 in Europe.
Pinza is Tall, Dark Pinza is a tall, dark, handsome Italian with a silken bass voice that has been pronounced by Metropolitan to be one of the finest heard on the concert and operat stages today. Madame Rethberg has the fair complexion and golden hair that reveals her German heritage. She has for a number of years been one of the most distinguished figures among the prima donnas of the
Metropolitan.
“The basso,” says Mr. Pinza, “has a tough time. He must be good. But the tenor is popular if he is not good. He can sing lousy the whole night and all at once he hits a high note and holds it for half a minute until you think he will choke and the
people they go crazy.”
Born in Germany, Elisabeth Rethberg grew up during the lean hard years that Germany endured immediately after the war. Mme. Rethberg used to know what actual hunger meant—not once, but night after night, week after week. One night she sang in a concert and was very happy to get an apple in re-
turn for her efforts. Goes Without Dinner
But hungry as she was, Elisabeth Rethberg went without dinner twice a week in order to buy standing room at the opera. Music meant more to her than food. She finally got what Hollywood extras call her “break” when she was invited to Holland to sing a concert. University students will be re-
(Continued on page 4)
Engineer Receives M. I. T. Cup For Winning Paper Emerging victoriously in a contest
of 17 college technical magazines sponsored by Tech Engineei'ing News last year, the Purdue Engineer has just received the winner’s cup. Entries were judged on standards of make-up, editorial content, scope of advertising, and circulation
The cup is in the possession of the
Engineer only for the current year In order to keep it permanently, the prize must be captured by one publication for three consecutive years.
At the present time the cup is on display at the Union desk.
Reamers Name Four Senior, Seven Junior Men As Fall Pledges Four seniors and seven juniors were pledged by the Purdue Reamer Club, honorary of independent men for the promotion of University athletics and upholding of campus traditions, at its annual fall pledging
last night.
Seniors taken into the club are H. (C. Gripe, Ag, of Goshen; P. B. Ewing, EE, West Lafayette; T. B. Frame, ME, Valparaiso; and H. J. Rayle, Sci., Oxford. Junior pledges include F. C. Baase, ME, Indianapolis; D. A. Bailey, Sci., West Lafayette; M. Bell, ME, East Chicago; R. H. Jacks, Pharm., Monticello; R. D. Maby, Ag., Akron; R. W. Michael, PE, Bluffton; and P. A. Reznik, Pharm.,
LaPorte.
Omicron Nu Honors Mary L. Matthews Fourteen Omicron Nu members joined the faculty and active members in honoring Dean Mary L. Matthews, national president, and / Mrs. Inez Canan, national editor, at / the initiation and dinner yesterday evening at 5 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union
Building.
Initiates were: Dorothy Bryant Neva Fricke, Anna Shay, and Marcia Clevenger, senior students, and Ardeth Unraw, graduate student. Talks were given by Mrs. Canan on “Omicron Nu As It Was,” Professor Bloye on “What Omicron Nu Is,” and Dean Matthews on “What Omicron Nu Is To Be.” Bill Bodden Will Address ACP Convention In Chicago William Bodden, University auditor, will present “Efficient Records Save Money” as his contribution to the Associated Collegiate Press convention, which will be held at the Medinah Club in Chicago, on the last three days of this week. Bodden will give his speech next Friday afternoon at 1:30. R. P. Manion and J. E. Brock, respectively editor and managing editor of the Exponent, will also attend the convention. Hall To Address Alliance On Slno-Japanese Crisis Professor F. R. Hall, of the history, government, and economics department, will speak on the SinoJapanese crisis at the open meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. , The meeting, originally scheduled for October 6, was postponed due to conflicting programs. Open meeting will be held as scheduled, every two weeks. Knitting Club Will Meet Next Thursday In Union Regular class meetings of ^he Union knitting club will, be I'esumed Thursday at 7:15 p. m. in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building. Miss Helen Jacot of Loeb and Hene Company will have charge. A style show of all finished knitted garments will be modeled; afterwards Miss Jacot will give instructions.
\^fc-
ii
p
ilfci
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday# October 12,1937
the
Founded in 1889
MEMBER ^sociated 0blU9tate
REPRKSSNTED for NA'tlONAU ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisitigService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N, Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON ■ LOS ANOELES - S/VH FBANCISCO
Editorial Phone 6037 CaihpuB Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
editor-in-chief . . . . . . ■ R. p. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
NITE EDITOR ... Vance October 12, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR ... .....Deckard
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
ganized rooting section such as I’d like to see, but any further organization will have to have the backing of the student body. The military department is not going to attempt to force any such thing that will be distasteful to ^e students.”
Cheers From The Corps
“Watch us go for Nobe” cry the gold and black stickers on the windshields of many cars about the University. What better way could we really show that we are “Going, for Nobe” than to make one of his oldest hopes come true ?
. Would it be distasteful to the students? Wouldn’t the whole school benefit from the spirit radiated from such a section ? What student wouldn’t be glad to “get out” of one corps day if he could “pass in review” at a football game instead ?
No clothing could be more suitable than the warm, trim military uniforms to withstand the weather conditions encountered at the average game. They would shed cold, snow, and to a slight extent, rain.
For the past several years. Noble Kizer, in short speeches befop the Purdue Corps, has expressed his desire'to see the entire corps formed into one gigantic cheering section to back the Boilermakers in their crucial gridiron games.
With the backing of the military students, and the enthusiasm of the whole student body, the Purdue Corps might some day represent at a Purdue football game what the Middies represent for the Navy, or the Cadets for the Army.
Go-Edits
The Perfect Pledge
Hectic rush has melted into impressive pledging ceremonies, and every sorority feels that it secured the best pledge'class on the campus. While no sorority is perfect, neither is any new pledge. But we offer the following qualities as the essentials for the perfect pledge: The poise of Valerie Armstrong. The personality of Virginia Royce The intelligence of Mariana Wil-
The beauty of Jean Jones. The singing voice, of Marjorie Starrett. The piano ability of Martha Ann Limpus. The enthusiasm of Myra McKee. The charm of Genevieve Houser. The pep of Bobby Muentzer. The appeal of Tot McQueen. The scholarship of Maxine Chaille The congeniality of Helen May Hurych. , ,
This year we have come closer than ever before to the possibility of organizing such a cheering section. Every member of the corps has a ticket to all home, games, and with very few exceptions, every member wants to. see those games.
As he announced the ceremony to be executed by the senior cadet officers at the Carnegie game. Major G. 0. Kurtz came almost within striking distance of “Nobe’s dream” when he said, “I think it will be a fine thing. It’s the first step toward an or-
“The magnificent Purdue military band marches across the field playing the “Field Artillery March.” Then platoon by platoon, the 32 batteries of the Purdue Corps march onto the field and pass in review, finally taking their place in the stands.”
Seems a bit fantastic now, doesn’t it? But it may come to pass, and if it does, the every-dying school spirit will come back into full blossom. —G. W. F.
Letters to the Editor
Any letter to the editor most not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writer’s signature. Unless Otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our renders, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict . confidence.
The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein.
Off The Track
Dear Editor: Mr. Smith, you said that Lafayette was a rural community. Perhaps you came here with a preconceived idea of what a rural community was like. If Lafayette is such a community, what do such enterprises as the Brown Rubber Company, Duncan Meter, Monon Shops, etc., play in its operation? Do these concerns employ “home talent” or do they bring in men from other cities. I admit that Lafayette does quite a bit of business with farm owners, but would you call Indianapolis a rural community just because a farmer bought a suit of underwear in one of its stores ? Maybe Purdue students do help support Lafayette and West Lafayette, but, so far as I know, Lafayette was a thriving city long before Purdue was founded. It seems , to me that, all of these letter writers have gotten off , the track. They started out on hitchhiking as a problem, and ended up talking about the merits of Lafayette as a college town. Mr. Smith, don’t you think, traffic being what it is, that it is a nuisance to haVe to stop or go around someone who is giving a hitch-hiker a lift? As to your opinion of Lafayette as a college town, I don’t imagine that you ever lived in a college town before; therefore I don’t see how you can have a very good opinion as to what such a city is like. To use your own words,, Mr. Smith, I think that you could be a little bit more broad-minded yourself. Keith Martin, Pharm. ’41.
came, but the program caught and held our attention comipletely. We enjoyed it all—band, singing, skits, even the advertising! The young lady who gave the tribute to Amelia Earhart bad the finest feminine radio voice ever heard by any of us. Speaking voice that is. The whole program was GRAND, and everybody involved is to be congratulated. I am enclosing a sonnet which you are at liberty to use if you care to. Sigrid'Sittig.
We Enjoyed Pontiac Show
Lombard, 111., October 9, 1937. Dear Editor: Under orders from headquarters (102 Cary Hall East) we invited friends to dine and then called the neighbors in to listen to^the Pontiac Varsity Show over WLS at eight o’clock last evening. We had become involved in good talk and rather resented the intrusion of the radio when the time
Amelia Earhart—in whose elfin eyes The fiaming need for man’s adventure burned. Whose winged spirit with the winds sojourned On strange far seas beneath unearthly skies; Half-boy, half-girl, her witching beauty lies Beyond the hand of time. Her heart that yearned To pierce earth’s sea-girt mysteries, has earned Immortal youth as it’s enduring prize. She scorned safe harbor, gayly mocked the flight Of sovereign birds, nor knew our earth-bound fears. Her gamin smile. and wind-blown curls will light The dreams of children down the surging years ... From us, who know she bravely met the night. An ocean’s everlasting gift of tears. —Sigrid Sittig.
By Mary Cooley
Censor The Exponent?
Dear Editor : In reply to Mr. Dobrowolsky and other contributors to the Exponent on the subject of crime and morality in Lafayette, we would like to state that we, as well as many other students, fully agree with Mr. Arnold.
What does Mr. Dobrowolsky mean when he refers to the “comparative lack of crime in Lafayette?” Lafayette is noted for its “hot” parties; gambling “joints/’ and numerous houses of prostitution, the last two of which are illegal and all of which are immoral. Peibaps he does not know about these things, or, like many other idealists, does not. “see” them.
To quote a standard dictionary, crime is “any grave offense against morality or social otder,” and if the above mentioned activities do not fit this definition, we admit our error, Accordingly we believe that Lafayette police could engage in a more profitable occupation than the jailing of students who have had one legal drink too many and vvaging war on hitch-hikers who would like to go home for the week-end. In regard to Mr. Dobrowolsky’s
Student rioting, a prologue to the traditional grudge game of football between the University of Michigan and Michigan State College last Saturday, resulted in injury to three persons and the jailing of three students. One of the injured patrolmen may die. Two thousand tried to crash two theaters against the stern resistance of city police at Ann Arbor—^that was the beginning. Tear gas fumes still hung heavy over the campus of the University of Michigan on Saturday-—at the end of the costly celebrations for the “big’’ football game.
The National Youth Administration will spend 20 million dollars during this school year to help 220,000 students earn an education. This is an increase over last year’s allotment of 28 million dollars for 31Q,000 students. This year graduate students have been eliminated from direct student aid. A college may, however, at its own discretion, allot a portion of its funds to graduate students.
A special fund of $7O,O0O has been set up to aid Negro graduate students in states which do not offer advanced courses for negroes.
* Each generation has its college slang. In 1913 when the stylish co-ed wore a rat—a large roll of false hair under her own hair to give a pompadour effect all around her head—the common exclamation was “oh, rats!”
They didn’t date in those days, but they “fussed.” A student who spent much time at this extra-cur-ricular activity was called a “fusser.” Co-eds did not give their “fussers” the gir or the gate, but dismissed them with a curt “23” or “skidoo!” * * * *
The average Southern college girl spends $579 a year exclusive of college charges, the largest item of which ($270) is for clothes, a study at Hollins College, Va., reveals.
appeal for censorship, is not the Exponent a democratic paper for voicing the opinions of Purdue students? In spite of this appeal and advice, we still hang on to the old idea that the student body is quite capable of Selecting its own reading matter and forming its. own opinions. Frank J. Scott, Ch E ’39 William D. Keys, C E ’40
W B A A Programs
-TODAY—
11:0011:15-
11:5012 :0012 :1512 12:451:00-
1:151 :301 :302 :002:15-
-The Dentist Says. -The Home Builders, Dr. Marion Griffith. -Morey J. Doyle, pianist. -Purdue News Flashes. -Jo Friend, popular melodies. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Russ Graefnitz, pianist. -Joe Osborn, bass. -Journalism Today, Prof. Hugh McKee. -Electrical Shop, Prof. Mueller. -Birth of the News. -Market and Weather Reports. -Story Time. -Metal Shops, Prof. J. D. Hoff-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licliiy
“That’s the trouble with this business, Omar—overprediction!”
2:30-
3:153:30-
-You and Your Child, Speech Correction, Max Steer. -Treasui-e ' Chest, John Dietrich. -Your Hollywood Reporter. -Ivah Swaynie, soprano. -Typing School of the Air, L. G. Minier.
Games, Bowling To Feature Women's Club Program
The Purdue Women’s Club announced two events for today, through their physical education section. Games will be staged at “Westwood,” the R. B. Stewart place on McCormick road, unless it rains, in which case they will be played in the Women’s Gym. Mrs. H. 'C. Hoffman will be in charge. For those interested in bowling, an organization meeting will take place in the Lafayette Bowling Alleys at 2 p. m. Mrs. W. A. Bodden is in charge of this meeting.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WASHINGS WANTED—Refer-^ ence, call and delivery, work guar anteed. Phone 7255.
WANTED—A ride to Madison, Wis., on week-end of October 16. Will share expenses. Call Ohlrogge 56824.
FOUND—Watch, bn campus last June. Call Fred Hartman, 3053.
WANTED — Student washings, Shirts 10c. Call 75152.
STUDENT ROOM FOR TWO All new furniture. Private entrance, and bath. Call 3894 or 45092.
WOOD FOR SALE—Furnace and fireplace. Call Ed Morgan. Phone 71249.
LOST—Brown Waterman fountain, pen. Elbert J. Drazy. Phone 65832. Reward.
mm-
TqPAY-
WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
JEAN ARTHUR EDWARD ARNOLD
AN
“EASY LIVING” —PLUS—
MADGE EVANS
IN
‘THE 13TH CHAIR”
After such a hectic week-end, it’s kinda nice to lie down in one’s own bed again without feeling a grad there ahead of one. Or does one ?
Some people just can’t take fame. It goes to their little heads and just swells and swells and swells them, to thrice their normal size. Take the sad case of Mary Ed. She has broken at least two dates in the last 10 days only to go out with someone else. She won’t date anyone but big shots. After all, kiddo, it was our applause out their in the audience that put you where you are.
I guess Rhoades doesn’t care where he parks that pin. Even tho she didn’t ask him to Gold Diggers he gave it to Mary Ed. I guess he doesn’t know, that Mary Ed is ONLY 17 YEARS OLD. With cradles selling at their lowest price in years, why rob one ? ? ?
It’s better to belch And bear the shame Than squelch the belch And bear the pain.
What a ratrace was had at the Kappa house Saturday. The seniors donned their cord skirts and sat down to lunch. Suddenly the rest of the house pitched in and deskirted the crew. The unlucky seniors ran around in their slips (or in some cases, without anything) all day. As for the front doorknob; In the scuffle and scoff 1 The damn tiding came off, And they climb thru the window now. MYSTERY—Who’s got the missing door knob ? ? ? ?
What do you think of B&B. We want your compliments or complaints. Dash off a note on the way to class and drop it in the EXPONENT box at the Union Desk. Wot
say,
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
E
TODAY-TOMORROW A MADCAP Is
EXTRA lUarch of Time
WIFE eecTj
JANE OARWEU SIDNEY BLACKMER
—PLUS— Popeye Cartoon
TODAY — TOMORROWTuesday, October 12,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
4 I
Swimming Coach Issues First Call Coach Larry LaBree yesterday issued the first call for swimmers. The first meeting and practice will be held tonight at 4 o’clock in the pool in Memorial Gymnasium. All men interested in swimming, whether freshmen or upperclassmen, are invited to attend this meeting. It will be devoted mostly to getting organized and arranging practice periods. Graduation Takes Stars The tankmen suffered considerably through loss by graduation. Last year’s captain Paul Vernor, and seven other veterans are not back this year, making it necessary to rebuild a new team around the few returning men from last year’s squad. Coach LaBree will be assisted in his duties this season by Dr. Floyd Eastman. Dr. Eastman has had^ a wide experience as a swimming coach. The captain of his college swimming team, Eastman coached at a large Pennsylvania high school, and has officiated at many large
Bodeau Leads Field In Cross Country Art Bodeau led the field home for the second successive cross country meet this year when he paced the Gold and Black men to a 40-15 victory over Wabash Saturday morning. Knapp, Marozick, Long, Bell, Mazur, and Gaulke followed Bodeau in that order before a Wabash man could be found. Since the first five places only counted points for Purdue, Mazur and Gaulke merely had the pleasure of showing the Wabash men their heels, without gaining points for the Boilermaker victory. The meet, run over a newly laid course, was hampered somewhat by the rain which made the course a bit slippery. However, since much of the course was through wooded territory, the leaves on the ground helped the runners in keeping their footing. Bodeau crossed the^ine in the time of 19 minutes, 26 seconds.
eastern meets. Besides actual participation he has written and lectured widely on Swimming.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Back at the helm for today, Bob )VaIpole, last year’s ed of this here colluym —fc Did you notice all of the zero-zero half time scores Saturday? . . . . Must have had the Purdue-Carnegie Tech complex. . . . —^fc— Middle western newspapers have been squawking about the weakness in the middle of the Purdue line . . . we almost expected to see the Tartans march right thru, but were greatly surprised to find those guards and centers doing more than their part on offense and defense, ---fc— Right in line with Homecoming activities, the Kappa Sig umpity ump reign of decoration champs was finally snapped ... we are much too modest to declare the winner so you’ll have to read elsewhere for the winnah. . . , —fc— Some swell blocking on that Is-bell-Brock reverse touchdown play, and equally as good on the Tech eleven part on Condit’s 40 yard run that ended in a stumble instead of six points in the third quarter. . . . —fc— Purdue obviously missed Jim Zachary and Don Powell . . . here’s hoping these two will be back for the NU game next Saturday. .. . —^fc— Pretty fair crowd for a rainy day.
bjut if the weather had been dry expect the old stadium would havq, been filled almost up to the brim.. .. —^fc— Have you noticed the three 1936 Boilermaker gridders who are playing first string for the Cleveland Rams this year . . . Johnny Drake and Wayne Gift in the backfield . . . Forrest “Burmie” Burmeister in the . ne. . . . ‘ —fc— Remembei our many gripes about the announcements, or rather lack of announcements, on penalties ? ? ? . . . we’re glad to see that the public address system has picked up the announcements of said penalties... • —^fc— The boilermakers showed that they had the old defensive stuff by holding Carnegie on the goal line in the fourth quarter ... Can’t help but wondering what they can do against the heavier, fast moving Wildcat line next Saturday. .. . —^fc— That Illini-Notre Dame game was a surprise . . . who said that Bob Zuppke wasn’t pointing for the Irish. . . . —^fc— About enough for cold fingers, so we’ll close with regards to Bill Fifield for another crack at the column, and Dick Obenchain, and Bob Woodworth for a swell 43 yard line seat. Bye now . . . see you at Evanston next week ... we hope. . . .
.. .THE STORY OF A FOOTBALL OPPORTUNIST
72 out of 73 racketeers convicted in two brief years 1 And, astoundingly enough, by the youngest prosecutor on record —the 32-year-old man who never saw New York until he was twenty-one, and who dared set himself against a billion-dollar New York CTime ring. How Thomas E. Dewey nabbed Waxie Gordon, Harlem policy kings, politicians, and racketeers is now revealed. First part this week. THOMAS E. DEWEY’S OWN STORY Ify FORREST DAVIS
H eadlines screamed his name ... He caught passes out of nowhere . . . Now he breaks down and admits his high school’s motto was “Don’t throw the ball to Kelley.” How he deliberately set out to catch the public spotlight, what sensational plays he enjoyed most, and how football looks to the man in the huddle, he tells you in the story of his career. h LARRY KELLEY with George Trevor—ms week IN
L10
ymMT
^ ^ The greatest news story of the years WE lirDAYS in its dramatic conclusion . . . Another dramatic William C. White story of Russia and sabotage, God’s Birdie ... A forest fire mystery, The Road to Terre Haute, by Harold Titus . . . Twelye-year-old Roddy unexpectedly plays Cui^id in Pnce Dy s short story, .22... Another Tish story. Strange Journey by Mary Roberts Rinehart... The story of the world s gLtl^oil boom, It Was Fun While It Lasted, by Boyce House.
A
-5. -VO
Golds Overpower Blacks In Freshmen Game Saturday Two freshman football squads battled on a muddy field Saturday morning before the visiting alumni in one of the three athletic events on the homecoming program. The frosh squad was divided into a Black squad using Carnegie formations, and a Gold eleven which made use of Northwestern’s plays. The Golds showed their superiority over their dark opponents by scoring in the second quarter and again in the last, converting one of their tries for the point after touchdown, thus winning 13 to 0. Both of the coaches used all of their men in order to give everyone a chance.
PRACTICE TOUCHBALL TODAY—4:15 Field 1— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Beta Sigma Psi—Van Hook. 2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma—Kerber. 3— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta—Boyer. 4— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Pi Phi—Carnes. 5— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Wallace. 6— Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu—Billings. 7— Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi—Mangas. 8— Theta Tau vs. Beta Theta Pi— Juillard.
SOFTBALL TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1—Ward 9 vs. Ward llA. 3—Ward 6 vs. Ward 2X. 5— Ward 13 vs. Ward 7. 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Faculty. 8— Ward 2 vs. Ward 4. 10— Ward lOX vs. Ward 12. 11— Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 12— Ward 8 vs. Cary Hall 5. 14—Ward 10 vs. Cary Hall 1. 16—Ward 5 vs. Cary Hall 4. 18—Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 2.
Interdass Track Arouses Interest It's becoming more and more apparent that Track Coach Harmon Phillips is having plenty of success in doing what he set out to do at the beginning of the season — arouse more interest in track. All one has to do is go up to the stadium and view the motley throng of trackmen dashing around the oval to be aware that his efforts have been rewarded. At the present there are fifty-one lockers taken by upper classmen who are out for track and cross country, and there IS still a large number of freshmen aspirants to be added to this turnout. Phillips brain child, fall trabk, is now well under way and is making the cinder stars take a new outlook on the sport. The first of last week saw a three day round robin tournament with four class teams running off the 440-yard relay and the broad jump. Thursday afternoon the second leg of the meet was started including the 880-yard relay and the pole vault. This present set of contests will be finished this afternoon and the next events on the schedule will be started. Workouts and competition are held only four times a week. At- the end of the first week, the seniors have eight points, the freshmen, six points, and the juniors, two points, while the sophomores have yet failed to score.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS TOMORROW—4:15 R. W. Anderson or Brodsky vs P. E. Johnson or Woodson Curry vs L. W. Meyer or Monger Douglas vs Vaughan Senior-Faculty Brodsky vs Mors^-Championship Junior Tennis Blitz vs Kosowicz or Richardson Sophomore Tennis Berg vs Tillson or Frye—Championship Freshman Tennis Powell vs Goodwin or Hargesheimer (Winner of above plays Brackman for freshman championship)
• the Purdue Exponent
Service ^ Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK ith & Main Phone 5701 DR.A.M.IRION DENTIST 119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Dine —— (fkidui, DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Photography —— Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette Shoe Repair —» BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist ——
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers / Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclasive assortment of eorsages avaUable to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Ri^alrinc Bicycle Rentals and Rejpuirinc Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L«
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch "lilaker 605 Main Street Confectionery —• Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glotz's ConfectioiiQf^f Moin ond SixOi Ste,Year’s First Convocation (Continued from pag-e 1)
quired to show then passports in order to be admitted to the gymnasium The flooi A\ill be lescived for students and staff, but balcony seats foi the general public will also be open to them. Single admission tickets to the balcony foi the public are on sale at Dear’s, Southwoi th’s. and in the Union Buildine:. They are priced at one dollai each Seating in the gjinnasium will begin at 7 o’clock.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
WAA: Trip to WAA cabin at 2 p tn October 16 Sign up in Woihen’s Gym before October 12. —-SWICK
Junior Military Students: Draw junioi uniforms in cadet officers’ room October 11 and 12. —WHISTLER
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges will meet October 12 at 6 15 a m near the bridge back of the Civil Engineering Building —WALING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organization will be held in room C of the Union Building at 7 .30 p. m , October 12. —WINTER.
Speech Clinic: Clinic will be closed*October 11, 12, and 13. —STEER. I M. T. 4 Condition Exam: An examination for removal of C giade in M. T. 4 will be held in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m , November 1 Students desiring to take this exam should leport to me at the Armory office before noon, October 29. — HAY FORD.
Camera Club: Meeting, October 13, at 7pm in the tow'cr loom of the Memorial Union Building Only six new membeis will be idmitted until moie Joom and more equipment have been secured. —SHOEMAKER
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to the Union office October 12, at 4 o clock WOOD, EASTBURN, TURNER, CROSSMAN, JACOBSON
Union Sophomores: Members of our committees icport to the workshop October 12, at 4pm -SAMUELSON, MASON.
Union Sophomores: The following members of my committee will meet in the Union office, October 12, at 4 p m Ruth Zimmerman, Maiy Frances Oilier. Maiy Jane Laramore, Louise Schicklcr, Mai ion Alther, J N Ashton, T. G Drabing, S Peterson, H N Heubner, H C Schryvei, A J Golden, W R Ourand, G W Kuhn, R r Hastings —GARLAND. Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting of Scabbard and Blade members October 13, at 7 o’clock in room C of the Union Building Lx-BAALS.
Pi Tau Sigma: Impoitant meeting room D, Union Building, October 13, 7 30 p m -COX
Radio Club: Meeting in loom F, Union Building, October 12, 7pm - THOMPSON
Purdue Student Alliance: Open meeting, October 13, 7 30 p m , in faculty lounge Prof F R Hall to speak on Sino-Japanese crisis Membeis please bung dues for ensuing year. —BUCKLES S. A. E. Members: Meet in loom 3 of Mechanical Engineeiing Building, October 12, 7 p. m , for election of officers —COENS.
in the attic ot the Mechanical Engmceiing Building, October 12, in the afternoon: Hircheit, Hamnifin, Loskot, Hauprieh, Schneblin, and Kaffee. —MORGAN Phi Lambda Upsilon: Short meeting in room 320 Chemistry Building, 7 p m., Octobei 13. —SANDERS. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting, October 13 at 7 .30 p. m. in Union Building Freshmen invited —MOORE. Debris sophomores: Important meeting of the editoiial staff at 4 p m , October 13, in the Debris office —MILLER. Debris Sales Staff: Meeting, October 12, in Debris office at 4 o’clock Bung in all sales —SIEBENTHAL. Senior Military Students: Wear overseas caps to coips day October 12 —MUSHAM Brigade Staff, 1 and 2 Regiments: Pictdies scheduled Octobei 12, at 12 o’clock have been postponed. —LEWIS Dolphin Club: Important meeting October 14 at 7 '30 at the Pi Kappa Phi house All members please bo present —ARMSTRONG Playshop: Shoit but important meeting of playshop stage ciew October 12 in subbasement of Union at 4 p m All old and new crew members aie requested to be' present —BRENMAN W. A. A.: No WAA activities October 14 because of W S G A mass meeting. —BRADY W. A. A. Fencing: Sign up in Gym for fencing by October 14 -DANIELS W. A. A. Riflery: No iifle practice Octobei 12 because of convocation —CHRISTENSON W. S. G. A. Representatives: Meet in Y W. C. A. office m the Union at 7 p m October 13. —LEAMING
THIS PROTECTION COSTS YOU NOTHING All wool garments cleaned and pressed by Crown are mothproofed by the MONITE moth-proof process. Insured against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. No extra charge for this service.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Former Boilermaker Stars Make Good Showing With Cleveland Professionals John “Ducky” Drake, who for three years backed up |;he Boilermaker line with his fierce tackling and crashed the line for consistent gains, is now tearing up the big boys in the professional leagues. He’s playing his first year of professional football with the newly organized Cleveland Rams of the Na-
tional League. Comparatively
^ unknown in the I professional cirf cles until his re-
cent stellar performance in the All-Star vs. Green
r
'M-
y 'v Paeikers con^L^*^^^^^^test a few weeks ago, Drake has I come to be feared } bv all. His hard tackling and brilliant running are the talk of all the professional fans. Three other former Boilermakers stars are playing side by side with Johnny which may account somewhat for his extraordinary success. Forrest Burmeistei, huge 225 pound guard, and Wayne Gift, chubby quarterback, who were among last year’s seniors, are mainstays in the Ram lineup, while Ed Skoronski, a former Boilermaker captain and center is feeding the ball to the Cleveland backs.
ALL-CAMPUS GQLF —Qualifjing Round— Today and Wednesday—3:00 L. G. Lefforge, E. A. Good, R. Burkholder, R. Maynard, W. McCullough, F, M. Puryear, Ray Gunn, J. Alston, A. E, Evers, E. E. Butler, P. McDonel, P. McKenzie. D. E. Wilkins, H. Goldstein, J. T. Haller, C. Terhune, T. Parker, J, Woronka, T, O. Marshall, R. Hoffer, F. Cl Richardson, L. Rowan, L. R, Bearse, R. M. Kolb.
CoFyrigbt 1937. Liggett Ac Myees Tobacco Co-
with smokers... giving them the kind of a smoke they want...in the way they like it best. r Chesterfields are refreshingly milder—they\e got a taste that smokers like. Chesterfields are different from all the rest.. .THEY SATISFY, Chesterfield ... men’ll give^ou ' MORE PLEASURE
tel