W ^/ (- ^1, i. \f/ ^ f'
I, >
M >
Ye
im Expo
\
Tuesday# November 21# 19^
Vacation
Are You Puzzled? Change Still Officially Unknown By Pres. Elliott;
Late News Bulletins Here's ne Answer Prof. HockemaSays Absences Will Cost $5 Extra
• Dictators Slaughtered In Gigantic Plot London, November 21, at 12:25 a. m.—^In three great capitals of Europe, Moscow, Berlin, and Rome, mechanically perfect assassination plots were carried into effect fonight at the same instant. In all three of the totalitarian nations pandemonium broke loose. Communications with Russia and Italy ivere interrupted almost immediately. A half finished message was abruptly cut off the Berlin wire at 3 a. m. this morning. It said, “Three high government officials died at Bergenschaft hospital. . . ” From Berlin: Ansel Mouer, only newsman to escape frotn German territory before the border was closed at 2:58 a. m., was in Berlin at the time Fuehrer Hitler was assassinated. His story told to Brussels newspapers follows: “At approximately 12:30 a friend and myself came out of a beer garden on Under der Linden when there was a terrific explosion in the Reich Chancellory a block north. Almost i,mmediately a cordon of Berlin police was thrown around the mass of debris that only a few minutes before had been the office of Reichfuehrer Hitler. So completely was the building wrecked that officials did not even attempt the removal of bodies immediately. It was understood by Berlin news correspondents that Hitler had been in his chamber at the time of the blast conferring with high Soviet officials. This was later admitted by the German ministry of information.” From Rome: Last telegraphic report received from the Italian capital at 1 a. m. stated simply, “Five high government officials including Premier Mussolini died in a violent explosion while touring a naval harbor construction project in Naples.” From Moscow: At 1:30 a. m. a report from the Moscow official news bureaus stated that Communist party Secretary Stalin was seriously ill. A later flash from Helsinki, Finland, said, however, that at precisely 12:80, Stalin had died in the Kremlin, reportedly violently, indicating assassination. No news from the Finnish capital has been received since indicating that perhaps Russ^n troups have occupied that city. • Allies Drive On West Wall Paris, November 21—French and British troops, supported by the air corps, launched a concerted drive at a dozen points on the German West Wall tonight, a few hours after news of Fuehrer Hitler’s assassination had reached Paris. An official communnique of the French army stated that German troops were believed to have been evacuated in large numbers from the West Wall fortifications almost immediately after the assassination to quiet internal disorder in a half-dozen German provinces.
Thinking that conceited Purdue co-eds might like to know whether or not they are beautiful in the eyes of Purdue eds, we swiped all the names we could find in the Debris beauty box and Herewith print them without the knowledge of the Debris staff. We hope that Strong and company do not mind the free publicity. (Hell, if Pd thought a second time I would have known they wouldn’t).
Miss Jane Ostrander hit top place with four nominations. Sis Taylor, Coriine Reifers, Virginia Fox, and Martha Raub were tied for second with the corresponding number of nominations. Then followed 21 girls with only one male friend on the campus. (What’s wrong with the other 1,000 odd gals? That’s no play on words either.) Berry Sisters Named Miss T. Berry and sister E. Berry were both named. A man with a lot of dough seems to be carrying the torch for the former beauty queeii, ±01 her name appeared in the box on a First National bank check. One letter written on hotel stationery swiped, we imagin’, during the inspection trips, isaid, “Naturally, Miss Vivian Peterson and Miss Alice Martens.” The note was signed Bill Hettema. (Oh we shouldn’t have told you the fan’s name.) Another note said “Please consider Gene Taylor, one of the best looking girls on the campus.” One letter, printed with the dexterity of Jim Hoffman, nominated Miss Virginia Fox. Ignorant Males One ignorant male, qot ignorant when it comes to pulchritude but in spelling, spelled the names of his nominations wrongly. They were Chorine Rifers, Ruth Benett, and Pat Frige. Good taste but he should have consulted the student directory. Student Directories . . . are now available in the registrar’s office of the Executive' building. —sg—
NOTICE Complaints have come to the University administration that there has been considerable tampering with the mail boxes along roadsides in the vicinity of West Lafayette. Purdue students have been accused of these depredations. Such an act is punishable by severe penalties. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President. —sg—
Addessing
. . . forestry students on the problems of soil conservation, Johnston C. Craig, area forest technician of the soil conserwition service of Bedford, will speak tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the horticulture building. —sg—
If you are in some doubts as to the veracity of material appearing in this issue of the rag, we wish to offer a simple solution for separating the straight goods from that which may he termed “purely publicity.” Solution number one: Get out the old slide rule or borrow your roommate’s and integrate the volume from the index to pi and back. The only trouble is: this doesn’t give the answer. Solution number two: Flip a coin. Guaranteed correct answer 50 percient of the time. Solution number three: Look for the “sg” at the end of every story. This stands for straight goods. If it’s there you can count on that one being OK. Simple isn’t it? —sg— Johnny Davis Will Play At Dedication Of New Ballroom Playing for the Union Formal on December 1, Johnny “Scat” Davis and his orchestra will also open a week of intense activity by the University Memorial Union. The dance itself will be the dedication of the newly enlarged Union ballroom which is expected to be completely finished by December 1. Tickets, which will be on sale at a time and place soon to be announced, will be $1.50 per couple. Union officials warn that once tickets start selling they will go fast, and recommend students’ prompt purchase of tickets when they become available. —sg— PSE Seniors Win G. A. Young Trophy Breaking all precedents, the G. A. Young Trophy for Mechanical Engineers was awarded to the Public Service seniors this year. This is the first time, since the trophy was first offered to stimulate interest in the senior day parade, that it has been won by any school but the Mechanicals. . In past years the Public Service engineers have been overlooked although they have had 100 per cent attendance for the past couple of
years.
This year the committee ruled that the mechanicals and electricals had overstepped themselves when they turned in lists of attendance which totaled 120 and 108 per cent of their total respective enrollments. At this point the public service 1 epi esentatives furnished photographic proof that they had ha(j_ 100 per cent attendance. The committee accepted this proof and the trophy will leave the hands of the mechanicals, for the first time since it was offered, to become the proud possessipn of the public service
boys.
According to a statement received from the Adrtiinistration building late last night, the Thanksgiving recess as previously announced has been irrevocably cancelled. Classes will be dismissed Wednesday at 6 p. m., and will resume Friday morning at 7 a. m., stated the bulle-
tin from the administrative offices.
“I’m sorry that this had to happen, but studen1;^.who are not in their classes on these days will not only be fined the regular $5 penalty fee but also an ad-
ditional $5,” said PYank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, who is acting in the absence of President E. C. Elliott, in a telephone conversation with an Exponent reporter immediately aft-
er the bulletin had been received in the office.
The buUetin as received in the
office reads as follows:
To the Editor-In-Chief of the
Music Hall Doomed; Auditorium Sinking Into Pool Of Mud
Purdue’s new Music Hall, now under the process of construction, will collapse within two months, unless engineers called in can find a way to prevent it, was the startling statement received last night. Last week, Joseph Daniels, engineer in charge of construction, noticed that the northeast corner of the building was settling at an excessive rate. Consulting engineers called in, found that the rate of settlement was about an inch a day. By drilling test holes over the entire area about the Music Hall they found that there was a large pool of mud beneath the greater part of the building. Springs Responsible The pool, which begins 35 feet beneath the surface and extends to 50 feet, is caused by underground springs which are beneath a 5 foot layer of impervious shale. Weight of the building is causing the shale to crack. Unless the settling can be stopped, the building will break through the shale and collapse, stated Forrest C. Layles, chief consulting engineer. At the present time, jacks are being used to bolster up the building, but their limit of extension will be reached within two weeks, if the building continues to settle at the present rate. Plans are being made to circulate freezing brine through pipes buried in the mud, but analysis of the Jjnud indicates that salts dissolved in it will lower the freezing point so much that this method will be ineffective.
Victory Bell Stolen Late Last Evening By L U. Students Late last night vandals, believed to be from the now defunct University of Indiana, broke into the Bell House across from Cary Hall and stole the Purdue Victory Bell. Cary Hall men, hearing the noise caused by the thieves from Bloomington, gave chase, but were unable to overtake the culprits, who vanished in the darkness. Many clues, which conclusively point to the guilt of Indiana men ( ?) were present at the scene of the crime. One clue, which has given the crime experts called in on the case the most positive evidence, was the finding of a pair of daintj white earmuffs delicately embroidered in pink with “I.U.” In addition to the stealing of the Bell, the door was ripped off the bell house and bushes and grass destroyed by the marauders. A reward of $500 has been offered for any information leading to the apprehension of the criminals. A cordon has been thrown around the Lafayette area and the capture of the criminals is predicted before night-
fall.
Indiana University annually attempts to steal the Bell as it offers a consolation prize for the failure of Indiana teams to overcome the might of Purdue teams. This act is to be seriously condemned, and the thieves should expect no mercy from the hands of Purdue Univer-' sity. Sounds like propaganda.
Beebe Tells Tales At Convo; Sea Serpent Proves Great Hoax
By I. M. SKEPTICAL From start to finish the convo last night was either a good joke or a big lie. I’m not sure which. William Beebe, underseas explorer last night proved to be one of the biggest drawing cards that the University convocation committee has booked. I believe he is the biggest liar. Those stories he told wouldn’t be believed by a Baptist minister who was a teetotaler. Five to six hundred persons were turned away from Memorial Gymnasium, while the walls within were lined double with standing room only, folks. Fish? Beginning with a funny story, Beebe, took convocation folks down
“500 Fa/thoms” ‘showing them pictures of fish most persons wouldn’t believe existed. Fish with headlights, fishing poles, teeth that passed through their own skull, and neon signs were a few of the most realistic fish Beebe had to show. Personally I didn’t believe a thing the man had to say. Perhaps I am just not a scientist. But I know I was sober and I saw spme funny things last night. Sea Serpent A long story about the largest sea serpent that he, Beebe, had ever seen turned out to be the Atlantic cable. This was only one of his stories that made me more or less skeptical of the other stories.
Dr. Beebe Refuses To Comment On Campus
“How can I comment on the campus when I haven’t seen it yet?” said Dr. Beebe yesterday afternoon when we asked him the time honored question. In short, we were fiabbergasted. Incredible It seemed incredible that a celebrity had been allowed to remain on the campus for almost a day without being shown the cattle barns. However, he exiplained that he had been very busy with his correspondence and had not had time to inspect our diggings. Today, he will go through the mill.
Dr. Beebe’s admittance that he had not seen the campus was a terrible setback to the interview since we could not ask the stock questions on new buildings, labs, goons, comparison of the Wabash fish and the Bermuda same, etc. Recourse to informal conversation was imperative. We’re glad we did. Rotten Climate Dr. Beebe talked of his lecture tour about the country in which he covered most of the states and stayed for a considerable length of time on the West Coast. He is definitely a California addict, fated to
spend the winter in New York. In his opinion New York weather is the vilest in the world. Naturally, we took issue on this point with a few choice empithets for Hoosier climate. In speaking of his chosen field of underseas research. Dr. Beebe fairly radiates enthusiasm. When we asked him if he could conceive any possible commercial application of his research, his answer was that it is not his field and since the realm of underseas life is relatively untouched no one could hope to predict its future.
Others Entering Work However, he said, there ai'e a large number of young men and women going into the field of pure research on this subject. He did seem unusually enthusiastic over the possibilities of his Bathysphere in salvage. Off the coast of one small island for instance, there are 700 wi'ecked vessels waiting to be salvaged. No doubt, someday, these will be brought to the surface and provide, a neat profit for the enterprising salvagers. Dr. Beebe may be instrumental in making this possible.
Purdue Exponent; Will you publish this bulletin, as it reads, in the issue of Tuesday, November 21 in a prominent position. Students of Purdue University: For reasons far beyond my personal control, the three-day Thanksgiving vacation that was granted to the student body this year for the first time must be repealed. Classes will be dismissed Wednesday at 6 p. m., and will resume in order Friday at 7 a. m. The regjjlar penalty day fine of $5, plus an additional fine of $5, will be levied on anyone missing any one of his classes Friday or Saturday.” Frank C. Hockema, Asst, to the President. Night editor in charge immediately sent a telegram to President Elliott in verification of the bulletin. The reply he received was in part, “I know nothing of the cancellation of the Thanksgiving vacation. As far as I know, the Thanksgiving vacation will be granted as promised.” Acting President Hockema would not break down and tell the definite reason or reasons for his cancellation of this promised vacation, and when faced with President Elliott’s reply to the above mentioned telegram, he said only that he had done as he was instructed. ® Doc Miller Ignorant Having exhausted Acting-Presi-dent Hockema, Exponent reports called Doctor Miller of the Student Health Service for a quotation on the situation in the hopes that he might let the truth slip as he did once earlier in the year. “It is a deplorable situation, and I for one believe that some drastic move should be made to avert such a calamity,” said Doc, obviously heatd. Doc Miller, on further questioning, admitted that he had planned to fish in Canada during the promised vacation. Don’t Raise Hell A bulletin later last night from the administrative office stated that the University officials hoped that the student body wouldn’t do anything foolish. Various student leaders, some in telephone conversations, and others who rushed into the office on notification of the cancellation definitely expressed their intentions of doing something “foolish,” as the later bulletin from the administration offices expressed it. Student opinion,^ as well as faculty comment, seeins to point to//a minor revolution against the powers that be in view of this great disappointment to themselves and their families. Vacation plans and plans for a pre-Indiana game celebration will take a beating in view of the cancellation of the vacation, and the student body can’t make up its mind to say, ‘Woe is us!” or “The Hell with the Administration!” Late bulletins and news on the present unstable condition will be published by the Expoivent immediately on I’elease by the administration, or bi'eakage on the campus. CO-ED HOURS Hours for all University women will be 12 p. m. Tuesday and 11 p. nu Sunday. WSGA JUDICIAL BOARD —sg—,SSy»-‘.” > > ’,. ,1 ^"‘-r-y .
i .J -'ll ?' J-;
y
the PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday. November 21, 1939
- ttu \t
A
£diioA'A (bhwsd
The Student Body
. . . should realize that the faculty have not taken the all important step of revoking our Thanksgiving vacation without due consideration and deliberation on the subject. Frank Hockema and the faculty fully realize the demoralizing effect of suddenly cancelling a vacation which the student body has been looking forward to so expectantly. While students cannot help being disappointed they should remember that never in recent years has the student body enjoyed a Thanksgiving vacation of such magnitude as the one proposed by the faculty this year. Aside from the disappointment we are no worse off than students in past years. After all what difference does a few days vacation make when there are so many people who would be only too glad to enjoy the benefits of modem education and freedom which are ours.—B. U. L.
We Dedicate
. . . this edition to the students and faculty of the University. Today we are changing the old proverb and killing three birds with one stone. First, we hope to entertain you—always a doubtful proposition with an untried experiment such as this. Second, we hope to confuse you now instead of later; to get all our mistakes in one basket so that you may depend on us for correct and complete coverage throughout the year. Third, we hope to please the publicity hounds and breakfast table editors who are forever after us with their big stories and big ideas. In this morning’s paper, insofar as it was possible, each man who came into the office last night was given a story of the size he desired and had his story placed in the paper where he wanted it, even if in our usual garbled form. —D. K. H.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under tiie act of Congress of llareh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of ixwtaare provided for in section 1106, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the
regular academic year and weekfy during the Bummer
for $8.00 per year.
Session. Delivered locally by carrier for
mail subscription $8.60.
Editorial Board
R. E. Insley JBditor-ln-Ohlef W. E. Smith - Business Manager
D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick — Managing Editor R M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Oo-ed Editor R. Jenkins Bports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heipla J. H. McKee M. L. Mien J. C. Willsey D.
Business R. Fisher R.HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards M. B^^eld G. OarroU B. Simpson
J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESCNTSD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
Nationai Advising Smice, Inc. CoHege Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICASO • BOSTON • LOB ANSSLIS • SAN FRARCISCO
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Univeraito. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student (Unions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
All unsigned editoiiala are written by the Editorial Director.
Tuesday, November 21, 1939 Night Editor—Heiple Issue Editor—Heaton
But Seriously
. .. we think it is about time that some one
was thanking President Elliott and whoever may have cooperated with him for our extended Thanksgiving vacation this year. Although there has been much hollering in years past when we were NOT granted the leave, the student body has been strangely silent this year. In all probability, this quietness was due to the lack of a means of expression. Therefore, the Exponent wishes to leave the position of court jester just long enough to speak on behalf of the student body and say to those who are responsible for our vacation, “We thank you.” —sg—-
Briefs
by Clarence
all; maybe the grass is greener on the other side of the fence. Maybe it’s just that I think I’d be better off working at a simple job ouside college only while I’m in college. —^bc—
WBAA
-Today—
I’m lazy. —^bc— I don’t want fifteen thousand dollars a year, like I’m supposed to. I want a job where I can move something solid, and not where you write it on paper and then go around trying to get someone else to do it. —^bc— I don’t want to work my way up the ladder of success, because I know people who have, and they are well, you know. To quote an eminent exponent of American humor
The other day I heard a fellow say he wishes he’s back in college. —^bc— I suppose I’m lazy. Writing this fool thing is easier than getting tomorrow’s assignment.
Temple University gridders have names for their plays, instead of using numbers.
11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Sam Hamilton, pianist. 11:30—The Home Makers. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12:15—Edward Joyce, accordion. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Melody Time. 1:00—Monitor Views the News. 1:15—Electrical Shops. 1:30—Gems from Light Opera. 1:45—Market Reports.
2:00—Special Program. 2:15—Virginia Reed, violinist. 2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—.Treasure Chest. 3:00—The Voice of Industry. 3:15—Paul Mitchell, popular songs 3:30—Glen Paxton. 3:45—^Yesterday’s Musical Favorites. 4:00—Heralds of Destiny. 4:15—^Exponent of the Air. 4:30—Melody Moods. 4:45—Story Book Hour. —sg—
and philosophy, Amos, of Amos and Andy, “It’s always sompin’.” —^bc— And so, I’m lazy. —^bc— I don’t want to work like hell all through college, because then I’ll get out of school with more than enough to worry about. In my opinion the man who earns the most is the man who works harder, and has less time to swim and hunt and dig in his garden. —^bc— And yet all hope is not gone for the salvation of my life. —^bc— Perhaps I can find something that I’ll always like—something that will always look greener than the job across the street. —^bc— Afterwards . . . maybe there is something to that old saying after
, THE YEAR'S SCREEN EVENT
'RANK CAPRAS Il'r.Sniifli Goes ToH'cisliiiiMfori
co-starring taARTHUR*j»..iSTEWART
with CLAUDE RAINS EDWARD ARNOLD GUY KIBBEE THOMAS MITCHELL BEU
NOW PLAYING
umneiu
CARL’S Dancing Shoes
Just in time for the gay rounci of formal ciances, comes this showing of gorgeous, smart evening slippers in the newest styles. And reasonably priced.
Heels are low, rr^edium or high.
332 Main St.
Phone 5322
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uelify
OUR HEART GOES OUT ... to Dick McNeil, the activity man that just can’t get a date. The poor lad doesn’t know to what extremes our fair co-eds will go to get out of a date with him. Tile facts of the latest blow to his popularity are that one Jane Haltom, last year’s DEBRIS beauty, had a dinner date with him Sunday and in order to get out of it all she took Bob Gimlin’s DU pin Saturday night. . . . never fear, Dick, it was all very sudden, even to Jane. —B & B— TRUE LOVE IS ROUGH ... according to the latest reports from the Phi Delt house issued by Bill Hosier. In order to hold a girl, Bill claims that it takes all his time and he did come here to gi» to school. It all adds up that he has his pin back, but he still dates his Kappa love, Jane Schueler. —B & B— HOPE COMES TO CAMPUS .... when it was learned that our charming West Desk clerk, Marianna Williams, took the first step toward ssiling on the matrimonial sea by taking an engagement ring from Page Louderback, SAE. This all started when they were in school so remember children that pins still do mean something ... to some people. —B & B— WEIGHING IN ... of the “patients” at the Phi Psi Hospital dance proved that Alpha Chi, Ginny Royce, led by a “WIDE” margin with 165 lbs. At the other extreipe Helen Cooper
‘Now don’t get excited, Gladstone—^I bought it with my own money that I got from selling those two suits ' of yours I (Jidn’t like.”
was the most petite at 92 lbs. . . . of course these “figures” are meaningless to anyone except their escorts so you have no business reading this dribble. —B & B—
SIG NU PLAYBOY . . . Frank Ogle, was seen Saturday night with Jackie Coogan in tow . . . cpuld it be that Coogan has traveled EXTENSIVELY, too? —B & B—
in and study now, can’t you. Bill ?.... —B & B— WORD OF WARNING ... to Frank Schleicher is that if he continues to take Jean Jones to out-of-town games he (Frank) is going to be having pin trouble . . . you understand, “Lost and Found” trouble.
COULD IT BE WAR . . . that is influencing our eds to jump into marriage these days. . . . hope that it will exempt them if that is the idea. Any Way, if it is any business of yours, Theta Tau’s Bill Scherrer is going to take the big step this Wednesday . . . no, she isn’t a co-ed, but is our own Dottie Stevens, office girl of the Service and Stores building. . . you can stay
Yale University is collecting a special library of written materials dealing with‘the wars now in progress in the world. ,
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
—and—
WILD HORSE CANYON' — WITH — JACK RANDALL —ALSO^ “RED BARRY," SERIAL EXTRA
'THE MAGINOT LINE/"
Danger drew jhlmasa magnet draws *
—ADDED— BOB BENCHLEY ACT
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
MARS
k NEW ^Alll
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Action — Romance — Glamour — Music... Fast Furious Fun!
MARGARET LINDSAY PAT O'BRIEN — JOHN PAYNE JIMMIE FIDLER
WmW
JOE VENUTI& HIS SWING CATS Johnnie Davis •' Jerry Colonna Presented by WARNER BROS.
PLUS
TAILSPIN TOMMY — IN — DANGER FLIGHT — WITH — JOHN TRENT MARJORIE REYNOLDS
LU^
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
2 SWELL HITS!
s ■•"•orOi I ■:
ALSO
What Happens When 1,500 Wild Women Hit the College Campus?
Winter Ornival
RICHARD CARLSON HELEN PARRISH • ROBERT ARMSTRONS
r
I
I0 Tuesday, November 21, 1939
^xpofumL Spifddu fiaqsL
r II ^
Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Kappa Sigma Meet Tonight In Touchball Finals
Surviving a tournament involving thirty-five teams in the Beginning, only two teams remain in the running for the fraternity touchball championship. At the football practice field tonight the Phi Kappa Taus will attack the Phi Kappa Sigmas under the mazdas at 7 o^cloqk. Results of the semi-finals last night gave Phi Kappa Tau and Phi Kappa Sigma victories over TCappa Sigma and Theta Chi, respectively. 12-6 Win In the 7 o’clock contest between the Phi Kappa Taus and Kappa Sigma, the standout performance was turned in by Fisher, who passed his team into the end zone twice for a 12 to 6 win ovpr the Kappa Sigs. A long pass from Thompson gave the Kappa Sigs their lone touchdown which came in the last half. Theta Chi Loses Phi Kappa Sigma’s aerial attack smothered Theta Chi in the second game, 18 to 0. The first touchdown was the result of a pass from Evers to Boedecker midway in the first half. In the second stanza McClelland intercepted a Theta Chi pass and dashed down the sidelines to score. Immediately afterward, they made the score 18 to 0 on a pass, Evers to Miller. Depending chiefiy on Johnny Vernon’s passing efforts. Theta Chi threatened only once, which was in the second half. —sg—
R. E. Mills
... and W. B. Miller, of the school of civil engineering, are the coauthors of an article entitled “Prestrained Unenforced Joints in Various Places” in the November issue of “Bar and Tender,” official magazine of vacationing engineers. Data was gathered from a series of tests made in the civil engineering laboratories without the knowledge of President Elliott.
Aquacade Will Come Here For Exhibition In an effort to stimulate interest in aquatic sports at Purdue, the University is bringing a host of swimmers together for a giant aquacade some time next month. The performance, which will rival simi-' lar exhibitions held the past summer at the New York World’s Fair, offers to students the opportunity of witnessing grace and skill in water seldom seen outside of an aquarium. Heading the list of performers will be Beatrix Arley, otherwise known to her friends as “Fishface Hattie.” Miss Arley will give an exhibition of diving from the springboard and high diving platform. ^ Other performers will include Fulsome and Olsen, fast swimming water team; Atlas (not at last) Joes and his Comedy of Airors on the springboards and in the water; and a bevy of chorines who will give an exhibition’nf skill in the chlorine. Soft colored lights will provide an atmosphere of beauty in which the swimmers may demonstrate their skill and form above and below. Ed Holdermah Wins Race In Windy City While leaving a hotel in Chicago proceeding the Big Ten cross country meet, a beautiful young lady with golden tresses, over-burdened with Christmas bundles, tripped over the curb, and dropped her packages. Each member of the cross country ^quad dashed to her assist-
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk bental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST \\9Vz Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
• Dine
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St 5c PIE SOgP COFFEE 5c
• Jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
^hddafiiL. QhoixjL By Robert J. Deckard FC’s going nuts . . . Can’t tell one thing from another in this, the dizziest of all football seasons, 1939 . . . The underdog this year seems to have as much chance as the fa:vorite. ... The prognostications, forecasts, or what-have-you are about as impracticable as lace mittens at a clambake. —^fc— Illinois beat favored Michigan. . . . Wisconsin tied the Boilermakers . . . Iowa poked Notre Dame’s Irish in the puss . . . Missouri squelched the kingpin of the midwest, Oklahoma . .. And the season goes on and on and football prognosticators grow more grey hair than Army’s mule. —^fc— After all of this dictum FC finds control of his rattled thoughts—^not brains, thank you—and today presents, as is his custom on each Monday, the 12 outstanding teams of the nation . . . Please bear along with us . . . After all, basketball season is just around the comer .» . Don’t ask FC which one; for gosh sakes! —fc— " Here they are in order of their respective power and potential might: Tennessee, one of the few unbeaten and untied teams in the country; Texas A. and M., a second one; Southern California, tied once; Cornell, a third unbeaten and untied contingent; Tulane, tied once; UCLA, tied twice; Ohio State, one defeat; Iowa, another one-game loser; Notre Dame, loser of one. Then North Carolina, Oklahoma, and Nebraska bring up the end. —^fc— For gawd’s sake, did you see it? Chicago won a football game . . . It actually mowed Oberlin under with a barrage of touchdown plays. . . . The score Chicago 25, Oberlin 0. . . The Obbies were favored to win this one. —sg— Six per cent of the 1,300 men students at the University of North Dakota have Robert for their first name.
Ham
and
Honey
By Conchita Well, now that we won’t get to go home this week end for Thanksgiving, things will be kind of dead around here. All the “social event arrangers” figured on our “now departed” vacation and left the social calendar blank. —H&H— We suggest that the Union or somebody throw a big consolation party. They ought to be able to dig up a Sand or so and rope off the Union for the affair. Of course, that, thing is kind of hard to dream up on the spur of the moment, but somebody ought to be able to fix something up. —H&H— Of course there is one redeeming factor about not having vacation this week end, if you can turn Pollyanna . . . those of us who have been worrying about not being able to go to the Indiana game because we were going home this week end won’t have anything more to worry about. —H&H— Winter weather has kind of taken hold and even let down a bit of what passed for snow yesterday. At this point it is always appropriate to run a few notes on the latest winter fashions. Personally, and we don’t care what other people think, we like those peasant scarves which have been so prevalent the last couple of years. We also think that ski boots are quite the thing for mushy weather. They give one that rugged appearance . . . you know! It will pay to pay a little attention to your looks the next couple of weeks. Remember that the Debris beauty contest comes off a week from Saturday. You’d be surprised how male interest goes up when a girl gets picked. X —H & H— A couple of the girls have been whispering in my ear about some of the points that would improvt the average ed’s standing with the girls. For one thing, it seems that all of the smaller points that the boys usually neglect mean quite a lot to the co-eds. You know . . . shave, keep the tie reasonably straight, and some of the other fine points . . . They also go for joe clothes in a big way. That is if they aren’t too loud. But they do wish that you males would pay a little attention
Accident Decimates Grid Squad; Twelve Victims Tragedy hit the Purdue football team for the second time in the century when the ranks of the grid squad wa^ decimated in an accident at the intersection of Northwestern and Grant streets when the boys were returning from practice at the Field-
house yesterday evening.
Plans For Mascot Nearly Completed Purdue’s Mascot will not be ready for the Indiana football game. This much was ascertained after the past week’s negotiations for a chassis and for the dummy locomotive body which will be built on the chassis. However, through Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the president, and Controller R. B. Stewart, the Studebaker Corporation in South Bend has been contacted and blue prints of a chassis received for consideration. Jim Hoffman, senior in automotive engineering and member of the Reamer Club, which is sponsoring the Mascot, has been working with the prints to produce several sketches from which the detailed drawings will be made. “We feel that doing a good job will take some time and effort and forethought,” said Hoffman yesterday. “We don’t want students twenty years from now to look back on our Mascot and say that we planned and built poorly.” _^g—
when you pull your clothes out of the closet so that the checks, stripes, and polka dots don’t discord quite so much. Nothing serious but just a few points that would go a long way toward making it easier to get a date. —H & H— Of course we aren’t one to complain and the University probably knows best . . . but that Turkey would certainly taste good at home Thursday.
The University of Wisconsin is the largest service enterprise operated by the Badger state.
Although full details of the accident were not available at the time the paper went to press it was reported that fully a dozen members of the squad would be unable to play in the game Saturday, and that Noble Kizer was planning to cancel the game if Indiana officials consented. Elward, however, has been calm in the crisis and is grooming the “B” team and feels certain that he can lick the Hoosiers. DTD’s Give Details Details of the accident were given by members of both Delta Tau Delta and Phi Kappa Psi, who were spectators of the affair. The car containing the gridders was speeding down Northwestern^ Avenue when a coal truck failed to stop at the intersection and crossed into the path of the onrushing automobile. The car swerved, but was unable to miss the truck. Ambulances rushed to the scene and the victims were removed to the two Lafayette hospitals after receiving emergency treatment in the Phi Psi house. Portion Of Freshman Hear Of Debate, Music Groups Speakers representing forensic and music organizations talked to a small group of freshmen at 4 p. m. yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union at the fourth freshman forum sponsored by the Activities Bureau. Martha Moorhead discussed the University Choir, Glee Club, and Concert Choir. Frank Caldwell reviewed the debating and other speech organizations on the camp-
us.
Dick Pittenger talked on activities such as WBAA and Playshop. The important point brought out concerning most of these activities was that they are open to all students regardless of their year in school. —sg—
Ah! Nothing Like MILK
Happy days are here—and healthy days, too, for people who drink plenty of SUNSHINE milk. It's rich nourishment and energy-producing qualities will help ward off winter colds. A quart a day is the world's lowest priced healfh insurance.
SUNSHINE FARMS
PHONE 5016
//4>
S ^ * -V ^ ^ ^ y ;a r # f/ i-’i ^ ■* Ij Jk f^’'/ '■■*
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, November 21, 1939
Louisa T. Richardt ^rS. C. Eldrcd To
To Explain Makeup Before Sororities Mrs. Louisa Travis Richardt, manager of the Tourneur Make-Up Salon of the Wm H. Block Company, Indianapolis, will talk to the members of the Kappa Kappa Gamma and Kappa Alpha Theta sororities today on “Make-up as an Accent on You.’’ She will be at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house in the aftei’poon, and at the Kappa Alpha Theta house m the evening. All co-eds are invited tb make appointments with Mrs. Richardt at either of the houses she IS visiting Mrs. Richardt will demonstrate many fundamental steps m art of make-up, and will treat individual problems by the coi’rect application of make-up. She will also show the girls how to accent their best features. There are many giade and price ranges in cosmetics, but one must learn the art of applying same to her own personal advantage, says Mrs. Richardt. —sg— 'Spots' Emrick ThanksNewspaper For Band Publicity “How much copy have we got in today’s Explosion?” says Prof. Emrick, director of Military Bands, to Lieut. Hitchcock, the publicity officer. As you have undoubtedly noticed, in case you aren’t a mere rhinie, and if you are you probably won’t be reading this, the ‘Explosion,’ as ‘Spotts’ refers to it, has been carrying much more band publicity this year than in former years. (Too bad they didn’t know about this issue.) . Directly responsible for this flood of news are Lieut. V. T. Hitchcock and his staff of three newshounds, who, with their respective noses constantly on the trail of new scents, have dug up more newsy stuff than many of their predecessors. I As ‘editor-in-chief’ of the department, ‘V. T.’ scans all releases to see that the boys keep it sexy Besides making his well known weekly outlines, he pecks out his share of the stoiies. Bearing the brunt of the onslaught is Sgt Gene Mundorf, a junior M. E., and assistant sports editor of the Independent. He may be found at all hours in the little office undei the stairway’ whipping up a story on some new angle; when he isn’t doing some arranging for one of the local “Barber Shop Fours.” New to the staff, but hard at work, is Sgt. P. J. Fenn, sophomore M. E. “Hey, Fenn, we need a story,” says V T. “Coming right up,” says he, and damned if it isn’t
Ceres
THANKSGIVING HOLIDAY VACATION
Leave Lafayette ZiSQp.m, 12:20 a.m. Arrive Ft. Wayne 6:05 p.m. 3:10 a.m. Arrive Detroit 9:00 p.m. 6:50 a.m. Arrive Toledo 8:00 a.m.
Leave Lafayette 4:53 p.m. 1:50 a.m. Arrive Decatur 7:37 p.m. 4:55 a.m. Arrive Litchfield 8:52 p.m. 6:13 a.m. Arrive St. Louit 10:25 p.m. 8:00 a.m. All trains via Delmar ave., St. Louis. For particulars and rates telephone Agent—7755.
WABASH
Speak Thursday Mrs. Chariot Eldred, representative of the Beauty Counselors Cosmetics of Detroit, will address the WSGA-YMCA Chaim School Thursday, November 29, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge of the Memorial Union. Mrs. Eldred, who is a graduate of Vassal’, will discuss beauty in relation to make-up. On Thursday, November 30, girls may have individual interviews with Mrs. Eldred by signing up in the WSGA office this week or next. Interviews will be held in the old Agriculturist office, which is located on the second floor of the Union. The Charm School meeting November 29 will be the second of the semester. At the first meeting, Paul Cooper, President of the Union, and Herb Fishburn, President of Student Senate, gave the men’s viewpoint on cosmetics, women’s clothes, actions, and attitudes. —sg— Special WSGA Committee Wil! Meet To Consider Changes In Co-ed Hours Members of the WSGA committee in charge of co-ed hours will meet with Dean Dorothy Stratton in the council room of the Executive building at 7:30 this evening to consider changes in co-ed houis. Earlier in the year WSGA appointed a special committee to make a survey of co-ed hours in an effort to raise scholastic standings without cutting in on the leisure of the girls to too grfeat an extent. Proposed Changes The committee will make the following recommendations which m their opinion will help laise scholastic standings without impa^ng school engagements to any extent: (1) co-ed hours on week nights will be changed from 11 to 9 p. m. (2) week night dates will be cancelled for all but distinguished students who will be allowed ohe. Social engagements to University convocations will not be considered as dates.
” A report of changes made at this meeting will be published in the Exponent and all co-eds will receive printed copies of the changes as soon as they can be practically distributed. All changes will take effect after Thanksgiving vacation, according to University officials. Mohiman Discussion . . . contest, the first meeting of which was originally scheduled for tonight, November 21, has been postponed until Tuesdajr nightt, November 28, because of the Wiscon-sin-Purdue debate which will be held tonight. —sg— l-M Schedules
TOUCHBALL—Today On Vaisity Practice Field Final Game 8 '00—Ward 24 vs Cary Hall 6 or 10 Mann and Papurca, officials. Final Game—7’00—(Theta Chi or Phi Kappa Sigma) vs (Kappa Sigma or Phi Kappa Tau) Luce and McGrath, officials
BASKETBALL—Today Court 1—N Hill 7 00—Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Chi 7 15—Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Sigma 8 15—Ward 27 vs Ward 37 Court 2— M Biinduse 7 00 —Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Pi 7 15—Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha 8 15—Wald 23 vs Ward 15 Court 3—J Kurtz 7 00—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi. 7 15^—Faculty vs Theta Chi 8 15—Ward 3 vs Ward 6 , —Sg—
36182. Reward
LOST—^A small gold signet ring, initials D. O Reward Call 2694
All Military Students: Uniforms will not be required for drills or classes Wednesday, Novqnaber 22. —WISELOGEL.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
PENALTY DATES During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon November 21 to noon November 22, November 27, December 20, and January 4. These days represent the 24-hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates.—Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary fee. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty four hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Rough initiation to be held in the Chenystry building Tuesday, November 21, at 7 p. m. Will be followed by party. All pledges must be present. —HALL.
Union Sophomores: Meeting of Puttering loom staff Tuesday, November 21, in room F at 4:30 p. m Plans for Union formal will be considered —CLARKE.
ing of the entire editorial staff at 7 p. tn. Tuesday, November 21, in the Office. —SQUIRES. Reamer Club: Turn in show tickets and money to me in PIA office any time between 7 and 8 p m., Tuesday, November 21 Money must be in Tuesday night. —NITSCHE. Women Fencers: There will be a fencing call out Monday, November 27, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. All girls interested in fencing are invited —STICKLER.
All Students: Any similarity of news published in this issue is purely coincidental and IB not to be confused with any real or actual facta. (11-21) —the SIX.
WSGA Judicial Board: Important meeting Tuesday, November 21, at 5 p. m. in loom A of the Union. —MOORHEAD.
Tau Beta Pi: Pledging will be held Tuesday, November 21, at 4 p m in room C of the Union —CATTERALL.
Chess Team: The following members of the chess team meet at the Union Satutday, November 26, at 6:80 a. m.: Cartner, Legg, Boynton, Begelow, and Stewart. —^OLF.
Scrivener: All persons interested in the art staff of the Scrivener report for the general meeting in the Scrivener office at 4 p. m., Tuesday, November 21. —WEIGEL.
Purdue Engineer: There will be a meety
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 21, at 7:30 p. m. Initiation; pledges please be present. —SPEARS. Purdue Sportswomen: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, November 21, at 6 p. m. in WAA office. —MATHER.
GOT A DATE?
Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation at 7 p m. in room 6 of the Education building Tuesday, November 21. Attendance is compulsory. —LILLY.
PIA Members: All those interested in taking part in the Mohiman discussions call me as soon as possible. Phone 66004. (11-21) —SMULEVITZ. PIA Dance Class: There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 21, at 7 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium Fees will be due. Co-eds are especially invited. —LUTZ.
Christian Science Organiaztion: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, November 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in ropm C of the Union. —FRANTZREB. Activities Bureau: There will be a meeting of all officers, sophomores, and interviewers, Tuesday, November 21, at 4 p. m —JORGESON.
Classified Ads
—sg MISCELLANEOUS BOARD AND ROOM—Available January 1st Junior or Senior, $25 month. Phone 6862. WANTED—Bass fiddle man for dance band Call Clevett, 5067.
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Get list of actives from me at SAE house immediately (11-21) —OB^NGER ASME Juniors and sopnomores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co Thursday afternoon, November 30, please sign up in Prof Cope’s office. Group will be limited to 20 .—^VOYLES.
WAA: Dancing call out Monday, November 27, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds interested are invited
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies C F Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
Junior Military: Students who have qualified as expert gunners may draw expert gunner’s medals in the supply office of the Armory. (11-21) —PICKERING.
Men’s All-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 23. —BROOKS
A date on your shirt will insure a big "date'' on your engagement calendar whenever you want one. Girls simply can't resist men who wear smarter, neater looking "Dated Laundere^l Shirts".
Next Time
. . . you get a new shirt, send it here for laundering and dating. Then ... if you send it here only, we guarantee that it will wear a full year. If it wears out before then, a brand new one free. "Dated Laundered Shirt" quality care means NEWER looking shirts always!
LOST AND FOUND LOST—In the Sweet Shop Tuesday evening a black purse containing glasses If found, please call Lee Bossong, 8413 or 2215. LOST—Black leather notebook containing valuable classnotes Call Ronald North,
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 801 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —BOLZ
Insured Moth Proofing
Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening, November 21. —NEAL.
CROWN Laimdrii -Drq Oeatiitiii Phone 4073 *
.... agncultuial honoiaiy, will hold an open meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall, room 214, this evening at 7:30. Dr. Wein, University biologist, will give a travel talk and show movies of both the world fairs which tveie open last summer, —sg—
tmmm
ildness ami Belter Taste With Chesterfield’s Right Combination of the world’s best American and Turkish tobaccos
Die great combination of BETTE DAVIS ««</ERROL FLYNN, shown above in costume and informally, gives millions a lot of pleasure in Warner Bros, current release, ''ThePrivateLives of Elizabeth & Essex The great combination of tobaccos in Chesterfield gives millions real smoking pleasure because they*re cooler, better-tasting and definitely milder. Copyright 1939, Iiggbtt & Mybks Tobacco Co.
W^en you ask for Chesterfields you’re buying something no other cigarette can give you at any price ... a cooler, better-tasting and definitely milder smoke. Make your next pack Chesterfield. You can’t buy a better cigarette. Light up a Chesterfield and you’re all set to enjoy Real Smoking Pleasure with the best cigarette money can buy ... THEY SATISFY.
Jlfake^our nextpack
Chesterfield