/
Ut
(Eht Wurdut TSxaanent
Publish Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 1937
NUMHERlOe
Wisconsin Humbles Purdue, 46-43
Dr. Denglfcr Addresses 400 At First Lecture
Gives Second Talk Tonight New University Instrument For Training Its Leaders, Says Educator “Education in Germany is no longer a search for truth for truth’s sake—the university has become a wheel in the machine for training of leaders for the country” said Dr. Paul L. Dengler, director of the Austro-American Institute of Education, Vienna, speaking on “Education In Europe,” before a crowd of 400 people in Fowler Hall last night. Dengler confined the majority of his remarks to the sweeping changes in the educational system in Germany, using that instance as an example of similar movements under way in the schools of Italy, Russia and other countries led by dictators. Transition Universities in the days before the war “were centers for research and professional standing.” Now
FoDowing his formal address on “Danger Zones In Central Europe” at Fowler Hall tonight at 8 o’clock. Dr. Paul L. Dengler will lead an informal discussion on the subject fw all those who are interested.
they hace become instruments for devolopiliig |eadfership.” Dr. Dpng-'^ ler spoke of the intensive selection that is used in choosing thosh who (Continued on page 3)
tt
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
March 2, 1937 A FRATERNITY initiation stunt brought pledge, Henry Brewer, a student at M. I. T., to grief recently. Henry^ it seems, was sent out by his brothers to obtain some lace “panties” from the star dancer of the Howard Burlesque theatre, in Cambridge . . . —30— entering by a stage door, he found his way to the star's dressing room. Creeping noiselessly into the room, he switched on the lights, and there, on a chair, were a pair of “panties” with black lace around the edges . . . —30— HURRIEDLY snatching the undertbings, Henry started for the door . . . only to run into the arms of Patrolman Frank Kahler, who escorted him to the local police station. There threats were made to implicate the entire fraternity as accomplices to the crime. The whole matter was brought to a head when “Kiki” Roberts, the dancer, refused to prefer charges . . . —30— AND from Wisconsin comes this story . . . before a lecture class began^ a certain co-ed noticed a small boy sitting next to one of her sorority sisters. Assuming that the lad was a brother and was visiting the class with his older sister, the girl walked over and chatted with the young man ... in conversation slightly above the “LitNe Red Riding Hood” plane ... —80— WHEN class began, the co-ed became suspicious ... the boy was actually taking notes! He seemed to be such a gentlemanly little fellow ... so well behaved. Glancing over his shoiilder she read some of his notes and gulped when she saw that they were well written ... It all ended when class was over and the youngster was introduced to her as a “21-year-old midget polled in the School of CommerceT” ^
Cadet Captain Praised For Flood Service I John H. Anning Rendiered Valuable Aid To Cincinnati, Says Moran Cadet Captain John H. Anning was highly praised for his service in the Cincinnati fiood district in a letter received by Lieutenant Colonel Brewer yesterday from Elmer P. Moran, a member of a Cincinnati National Guard artillery regiment, engaged in transportation and communications work in the flood area. Anning, whose home is in Cincinnati, is a junior in the mechanical engineering school and a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fraternity. Of Great Service “I wish to advise you concerning the magnificent service rendered Colonel C. E. Muchmore and myself by John Anning” said Moran in opening. “He volunteered his aid to the Red Cross at the height of the flood crisis, and was equal to any emergency that presented itself. No task too difficult or too menial for this lad to perform.” In closing Moran remarked “If he is an example of the cadets in your command^ you are to be commended lt|)On their ability to learn to receive, and to carry out orders as well as learning how to give orders.”
Lions To Fete Net Squad Annual Banquet For BasketbaU Players Tomorrow In Union Tomorrow evening at 6:30 Piggy Lambert is entertaining as many of the Boilermaker basketball players who played for him during the last 20 years as can return for the annual Lions’ Club banquet. Following the banquet which is to be held in the Memorial Union Building, Joe Andrews, Tippecanoe county representative in the state legislature, will be the principal speaker. Anyo'ne wishing to attend the banquet should purchase their tickets in advance as there will be no tickets sold at the door. Tickets may be obtained from members of the Lions Club, at Deac’s, Decker’s, Southworth's, and at the Union desk.
“Purdue News” Presents Utilities Arguments In the last issue of Purdue News, which is now available for distribution, two points of view on public ownership of public utilities as presented before the seventh annual Indiana High School Debaters conference, have been published. The addresses in the booklet were given by William K. Nichols, director of the Division of Electrical Development of the Tenessee Valley Authority, and Frank A» Newton, chairman of Rate Research Committee of the Edison Electric Institute.
EXPONENT BOARD
Meeting Wednesday, March 3, in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. All elected officers of the Exponent are expected to he present, —MORRIS.
Union Prexy
Shoemaker Builds His ^^Castlesln The Air^^ From Long Union Experience
Jim Shoemaker, as Student Union president and gjbneral manager of “Castles In The Air,” attends every rehearsal of the show and serves as “chief co-ordinator” for cast and
chorus.
Jim started at the Union as a freshman, painting backdrops and wrestling scenery. He served as a “stooge” while a sophomore, helping with the chorus of “Bright Young Thing,” the first Union show given at the Mars Theatre. Jim makes no claims as to his vocal ability. He Was in charge of costumes for last year’s show and this year finds him giving orders-instead of taking them. Like all students out for the Student Union as an activity, Shoemaker’s work is all done
gratis.
No Profit? “We don’t expect to make any money on the show,” said Shoemaker. “It’s just the idea of putting on a good show, and if we break even everybody will be happy. And it looks as if we will.” Shoemaker hails from Indianapolis, and is a senior in mechanical engineering, specializing in air conditioning. His hobbies are flying and radio. At one time he opemted W9MAT, a short wave station in Indianapolis. He and Dave Thompson have a short wave set at the Sigma Chi House, but Jim is too busy with the Union Show to keep up on radio. Juniors Busy All of the Union vice-presidents are assigned to some special job in connection with the show, and report to Shoemaker. Louis Putze, tl
is in charge of publicity, and among other things, is responsible for the pictures taken of the antics of the
pony chorus,
Mary Grace Mytinger is helping Betty Ann Florer with the girls’ chorus. Bob Reid is assisting with the men, and Lee Rieth helps Bryant and Brubaker with the singers. Tom Sheets, Ward Stallings, and Jack Scatterday have charge of the stage and the lighting, while Jean Perkins, Lorna McCloud, and Herbert Wiegandt look after the costumes. Harry Pforzheimer is managing the ticket sales and George Claypole is helping Ruth Grimm with rehearsals.
Boilermakers Shoved To 4tn Place By Defeat Young Sets New Scoring Record Of 172 Points; Badger Forward High Point Man With 16 By Bill Fifield Mannie^ Frey and Gordon Fuller led Wisconsin to a hard fought, 46-43, victory over the Boilermakers last night at
Madison.
Jewell Young, the Boilermaker flashy forward, managed to drop in two field goals and five shots from the charity stripe
for a total
Skull And Crescent To Announce Forty Freshmen Pledges High Scholastic And Activity Records Required
Reamer Club Gives Juniors Reception Forty-five outstanding juniors from various schools of the University were given a reception by active members of the Reamer Club in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last night. Hot chocolate, doughnuts and cigarettes were served. Loran Buxton, president of the club, supervised an introduction of the guests and of the active Reamers. Discussion of prospective pledges and general business followed the reception.
/ 25 Students Accept New NYA Relief Jobs The aftermaths of the recent fiood are still cropping up, this time in the form of emergency NYA relief funds. Twenty-five University students from families whose incomes have dropped to next to nothing as a result of the flood and who have been forced to seek outside aid in order to continue their education are now employed in National Youth Admisitration projects supported by flood relief funds. Seven of this group are new NYA workers, while eighteen have been transferred from previous assignments. Additional projects may be assigned if the applicant can demonstrate his need for financial aid.
An alarming shortage of room and board jobs may cause 200 students of the University of Wiscom sin to withdraw from school.
Fifty University of Toledo women have signed up to play hockey. The season will end on November 24, when the two best intramural teams will meet in the ‘Army-Navy* game.
MERIT SCHOLARSHIP HOLDERS
Special merit scholarship holders may receive refunds on deposits made last fall by presenting receipts given last fall in the cashier’s office of the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBB- .
Frosh Debate Team Wins 126 Teams Compete In Invitational Meet University freshmen debaters made an excellent showing last Saturday at the Manchester College invitational tournament by winning 13 decisions and losing 12. The competition included 126 varsity teams from nearly 50 imiversities and colleges excluding Purdue and Indiana. Five two-man teams, taking both the affirmative and the negative, speaking on the question “Resolved: That The Extension Of Consumers’ Cooperatives Would Contributes To Public Welfare,” represented the University. The ten freshmen who spoke at the invitatidnal tournament were; Donald Paarlberg, William Catterall, Julius Singer, Sal Palma, Tom Marvel, Hayden Meeker, John Swander, Herbert Fischburn, John Curtis, and Maurice Karnowsky.
Bray To Address Adult Group Toni^t Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering at Purdue University, will be the principal speaker tonight qt an adult educational meeting, which will be held in Room B at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, according to an announcement made by Fred Bollman, in charge of arrangements. Professor Bray will speak on “Chemical Engineering As Applied To Local Industry.”
FRESHMEN
There are openings for freshmen who wish to work on the National Advertising Staff of the Exponent. If you are interested in learning a great deal or just a little bit about advertis- ■ ing or newspaper work, you are eligible. Apply any afternoon from *4:15 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. at the Exponent office. —HULSE.
Pledges to Skull and Crescent, men’s sophomore honorary will be .announced at the annual Sophomore Cotillion to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, Friday night, March 19. The men will be chosen from the freshman class, and only those with the best scholastic and activity records will merit pledgeship, C. W. Sullivan, chairman of the pledge committee announced last night. To Elect Forty These men will carry on the activities of the organization next year, and will be about forty in number. Arrangements are well under way for the dance. The committee has gone over the decorations submitted for the contest, and though no definite decision has been reached, something new in backdrop and decoration schemes is promised. Permission has been granted to hold a one o’clock dance. As in former years the formal affairs will be held from 9 to 1.
Like A Sentry, The Black Scottie Kept Watch Over His Pal By P. W. Mettling Like a vigilant sentry guarding the grave of the “Unknown Soldier” the little black Scottie kept wateh over his" recently killed friend. Despite the coaxing and cajoling of thirty or forty college men, who stopped in twos and threes as they walked by the spot, he sturdily kept his silent vigil, even though he shook and shivered as icy blasts of wind swept across the levee. The usual Sunday afternoon traffic on the River Road swept by him unnoticed, although the wheels of the hurrying cars were only a few feet away. Any attempt to touch him caused a baring of fangs and a businesslike growl rumbled up from deep inside ^him. Perhaps this dead dog, alfliough as unlike him as day and night, was his brother in that worldwide fraternity of sniffers and chewers. Perhaps only yesterday, they had fought playfully over the same bone, or together had explored the mysteries of a neighbor’s back yard. No one will ever know what was going on in his tiny mind, but there he'sat on the frozen ground, giving to his^friend aH that he Imew in the way of honor and respect. Friends like~that are rare.
for a total of nine points. Young's total for the season is 172 points which betters Joe Rieff’s Big Ten scoring record of 167 by five points. The latter’s record has stood since
1933.
Title Contenders? The Lambertmen, who were expected to be strong contenders for the championship have ended up in fourth place. Although there are a few games to be played next Satiirday, they cannot change the Boilermaker’s standing. This game just about gdves definite proof that one man cannot carry a team to a championship. Not that the other men are not better-than-average basketballeers, but they were not given a chance to show their merit.
'Two Seniors
“Sunny Jim” Seward pli^md his last game for the Old Chdd luid Black after three years of varsify competition. Jim was the only senior to play for Purdue this weeikend. Gten Downey, the other Bofiermaker co-captain, finished hm playing career against MkhigaB; an uijury in this game has kept Gten
on the bench.
George Rooney, Wisconsin fw^ ward, was high point man of the game, with Fuller, the Badger captain, rumnng a elose see<«d. 'Stivmesf gathered a total of 16 poinhr, and Fuller dropped in 11 points. Before the game Wisconsin had little hope of victory, but as can be seen, anything coidd happen to this year’s varsity, and everything
did Imppen.
Lineup and summary: Purdue (43) B. F. P. Young, f 2 5 1 Zink, f J. a 2 Sines f 3 4 0 Seward c .0 2 0 Anderson, c .2 1 4 Mangas, g .0 l 2 Dickinson, g .2 0 2 Malaska, g 3 1 3 Barsha g 1 fi 4 Total 14 15 17 Wisconsin (46) B. F. P. FnUer, f .6 1 4 Rooney, f .6 4 2 Powell, f „.0 1 1 BeH, e 3L 2 4 Marsh, c .9 6 0 Mitchell, g .3 3 1 Frey g 1 1 2 Totals 17 12 14 Free 'Fhrow Missed—Wis., Mit^ ell. Fuller, Bell, Fr^- Purdoe,
Young.
Referee—John Schommer (Chi-
cago).
Umpire—^Ike Craig (Chicago).
Dames To Discuss New Spring Styles “New Fabrics And Styles For Spring” will be discussed by Mrs. Neil Little when the University Graduate Dames Club entertain the Undergraduate Dames this evening in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. Little will be assisted by Margaret Rush of Loeb & Hene Compai^, who will display clothing to illustrate the talk. Miss Rush was a inend>«r of the 1985 gradimiin^ class of Poas due.
Did Prehistoric Man Smoke Pipes? That otir prehistoric ancestors enjoyed the comforts of smoking. Is indicated in some interesting facto about smoking recently hEought to light by S. M. Frank & Co., Inc., manufacturers of Ftonk Medko Filter-Cooled Pipes. In Asia, North America and Smith America pictures have heen found showing man in the act of sm<dung. In Europe, however, among the remains of pre-historie man there is no record of smoking until aboid; toe year 1510 wh«n it was introduced into Europe from Central America. Francisco Herrando Toledo, Jean Nicot (after whom Nicotine Is named) Lane and Walter Rateii^ share toe honor of totiwctoctoi ih/
if'
is> ri <>■(
THfi PUBDUE EXPONENT
W^t ^uriine exponent
fMliiMI In isu
>l
iBuMrad u ■•oond claw natter at the post office, Lafayrtt^lndlanfc DeUwr^ ■nil, $*.10 per paar; dellTered Iw carrier, $2.B0 per year; eold by a sinEle eopy, 2 eenta.
BiulneeB Phone $081
OFFICK—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone i037
Doily Student Publicaticm of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF ^1C- H. Jlorris A^teto BditonlJIIki'ATiirnettei'j. E Brwk,' aTh. F^^, R. P. Ifonlon, C. E SaphoaMce Aaeistanta W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark BopaooHm AMumnoi Hardin, C. D. Sebroeder, H. L Stanbaek, D. R. VMM , EH. KelloEE, E E OTIeU Bold and Black Editor J. C. Ohaver
Bnainees Haaacer.... - National AdrertisinK Manager.— Loeal Adwtiiins Manaser. Circnlation Manager. —
BUSINESS STAFF „ , „ , _ , E J. Hulse Jj. a Brown "3 _ J). C. Miller "" " J. P. Girard
Editor Aseoeiate Editors
SPORTS STAFF , ^ _ It, D. Wood !...’Z1'.’.'.7. "wi H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, E F. Obenebain
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , ^ Hdftifr .Helen Creech Editors 1. .7.™— .1. ....jMnne Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke Adrertisiaa Manager Hetty Barnett
Issue Editor—^K. E. O’Neil
Air Safety
In a recent issue of the Exponent an editorial by Col. Gorrell was reprinted by a student as a defense against the large amount of criticism that has been heaped upon the commercial air lines by newspapers throughout the country during the last few months. Col. Gorrell answered the criticism to the recent large number of airplane wrecks by pointing to the fine records that a number of airlines had established over a period of years in the way of safety. He then went on to say that the commercial air lines still were not satisfied with the safety record and were continually trying to improve the mechanical safety of the ships. However, in no part of the editorial was the real criticism of the commercial air lines answered. No one has ever denied that air lines are continualy trying to correct the mechanical defects in airplanes, nor has anyone ever denied that the airlines have set up a fine safety record on paper. The only flaw is that the safety records only show the mechanical improvements in the airplane, they do not show the safety records of the men who operate the commercial airlines. In almost all of the airplane crashes in the last few months the wrecks were caused by the fact that planes were sent out in weather that was unfit for flying. All the mechanical improvements in the world cannot prevent accidents caused by human carelessness. This does not mean that the men who operate commercial air lines are a group of heartless souls who seek to make all the money that is possible despite the risks involved. They are simply aware of the fact that airplane patrons do not like to be delayed on their journeys. The airline operators know that the public will flock to rival airlines if their planes do not take off on scheduled time. All in all the airline operators are the victims of competition and they order planes out even if weather conditions are bad. For years government officials have inspected the safety of railroads. If the government would station safety officials at all of the major airlines throughout the country they could decide just when it was safe for the planes to fly. Some action must be taken, for if conditions continue as they are there can be little hope for improvement. ,
Student Health Service In view of the splendid service rendered to all students by the University medical staff, it seems that more interest and enthusiasm might well be shown in response to these efiorts. Aside from the group of cautious students who subject themselves to all “shots” and tests offered, beginning with the annual cold shots in the fall and religiously following through the rest of the year, there are too many individuals on this campus who ignore these opportunities. Any student who has missed more than a, week of classes on account of illness well realizes that prevention discomfort is much less unbearable than the inconvenience and misery of convalescence. It is the “Oo—I-never-get-sick” individual who causes the difficulties. Due to previous luck or perhaps occasional precaution he hasn’t lost much time or money on account of his health. Therefore when our tricky Indiana weather does get him (at least it gets the blame), not only he, but also his roommate, his classmates, and many others are inconvenienced by daily enforced visits to the health service. “Shots” which take immediate effect as well as immunity tests deserve consideration. However, the latter type are more often disregarded. A little logical thought, though, might bring a student to the conclusion that as long as vaccinations don’t last forever, renew yours before it expires. In addition to the material help administered to University students, the members of our medical staff are very gracious about giving advice. It is your duty to your school and classmates to protect yourself and also them.—^M. J. C.
Triton Swimming Club To Hold Meet Tonight Triton Swimming Club will meet at 7:30 for competitive events in the 40, 100, and 220 yard races, 60 yard relay, swimming for form, and diving. The following girls are eligible foTxthe meet: Jane Baker, Barbara Cook, Josephine Cook, Althea Jergeson, Pauline George, Mary Margaret Helm, Boselyn Jackson, Marian Long, Sally McDermid, Martie Mathes, Nancy Phillips, Barbara Boderick, Saxon Shewalter, Emily Tubbs, and Georgia Walker.
St. John Leav^ To Take Post At DeKalb Station R. B. St. John, assistant in botany of the University Agricultural Experiment Station and associate agronomist with the U. S. Department of Agriculture, has resigned his position effective yesterday, to accept the post of director of research in corn breeding with the DeKalb Agricultural Association, DeKalb, 111. St. John came here ip 1924 and in 1925 was assigned to an experiment station project to develop hybrid, field corn.
THE FIBST TIME... the rumor about VI DAMMEYEB’S taking Kappa Sig ECKSTEIN’S pin . . . that rumor at that timie was false ... the second time said rumor circulated ... it was true . . . PBIZE SUCKEB... BILL MILLHOLLAND, chairman of the Skunk and Pheasant Stomp (Sophomore Cotillion., wins the gold fish for this week . . . Kappa PEG TIMBEBLAKE, who will be his partner, took another man to the Women’s Pan last Friday night . . . that’s what you get for not having an import, BILL . . .
ANNOUNCEMENT: I, MABY ELIZABETH CALLISON, have just hoiked another sucker, . . . ANTBIMI^ a Phi Psi, la the guy this time . . . this is the second pin I have hooked in the past four weeks . . . the other was the pin of a Michigan sucker ... I don’t know how long this one will last... sign up on my waiting list by phoning 3434 . . . —paid add WHY HAS DON FARQUHAESON SO RECENTLY DEVELOPED THE NICK-NAME, “BUNNYDUCK”? ???... TOO BAD .... this boy JOE MILES is having his troubles . . . he can’t get his pm back from JEANNE “Sweet Shop“ HALLAM . . . he has some sort of a bet with JIM MACKEY . . . the bet was as to whether JOE would put his pin on Pi Phi pledge, BERNADINE BARNES within five days . . . the five days are up and JOE can’t get his pm to give to BERNADINE . .. FAST WORK . . . “Four-date” JOHNNY BAKER lost his heart, pin, and probably lots of dough . . . an Indiana Tri Delt took him for all . who’s playing the fish, Kappa pledge, TREVA BERRY, Alpha Zi pledge, MURIEL SMITH, or our JOHN? ? ? .. . NOT IN SHAPE . . . politics got JACK GOORY down . . . winning the Prom election didn’t help his track . . . when he ran in the track meet at Chicago he couldn’t even finish the first lap . . . WHO—MARS—WHO The thumb-nail sketches in last week’s colyum were as follows: 1. GLEN MARTIN. 2. DEAN STRATTON. 3. WES DWIGHT. 4. RUTH GRIMM. 5. DEAN FISHER. 6. CARY VAUGHAN. 7. MRS. LOVE. 8. CECIL ISBELL. 9. VIRGINIA HULSE. The contest was won by BILL STEVENS and BETTY MOORE . .
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
TODAY 9:00 a. m.—Purdue Women’s Art Craft Class, Room A of the Union Building. 4:00 p. m.—Union Show rehearsal, ballroom of the Union Building. 4:00 p. m.—Motion Picture, “Prom Mine To Consumer, room 101 of M. G. Shops. 4:00 p. m.—Alpha Lambda Delta, room B of the Union Building. 4:00 p. m.—Tower Theater, r^om A of the Union Building. 7:00 p. m.—^Football Lecture, room 101 of Educational Building. 7:00 p. m.—Forestry Club, room 109 of the Horticulture Building. 7:16 p. m.—Home Economics Club, room P of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Study Club, room B of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Hoof and Horn. 8:00 p. m.—Lecture, Dr. Paul Dengler, Eliza Fowler Hall. TOMORROW 4:00 p. m.—Book Review sponsored by the YWCA, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building.
4:00 p. m.—^Union rehearsal. T<{wer room of the Uttion Building. 4:00 p. m.—^Motion Picture^ “Prom Mine To Consumer,” room 101 of the M. G. Shops. 4:00 p. m.—Tower Theater, room A of the Union Building. 6:80 p. m.—Lion’s Club Basketball Banquet, ballroom of the Union Building. 7:00 p. m—Horticultural Club, room 202 of the Horticultural Build. 7:30 p. m.—^A. I. E. E. Meeting in room 264 of the E. E. Building. 7:30 p. m.—Study Group, room B, of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Graduate Dames’ Lecture, faculty lounge of the Un-‘ ion Building. 7:30 p. m.^—Alpha Phi Omega, room D of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Ceres Club, room P of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Student Alliance, room A of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Ag Chemists, rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. 8:00 p. m.—Phi Lambda Upsilon, room B of the Union Building.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
66 BAFFLES Inside FILTER-COOL SMOKE
MEDICO FILTER PIPE
S0MITHIN6 WONOmUl OOlS ON INSIDI ✓ This simple apprar ing yet amaaing absorbent filter invention with Cello, phane exterior and cooling mesh screen interiorkeeps juices k and flakesmFilter and out of mouth. Prevents tongue bite, raw mouth, wet heel, bad -, frequent expectoration. No breaking in. Improves the taste and aromaofany tobacco.
ALSO cigarette AND CIGAR
B A FFLES BRE A K mP SMOKE STREAM -^- FILTER REALLY FILTERS
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
DorneFs Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ARC TODAY AND WEDNESDAY Robert Montgomery and Madge Evans in “Piccadilly Jim” —also— Robert Kent and Rosalind Keith in “King of the Royal Mounted ”
Family TODAY—WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
THE SWEETHEART of the SOUTH! SSffll?
wilh
JANE WITHERS SLIM SUMMERVILLE^ SARA HADEN
Plus
GRIN AND BEAR IT
/
By Lichty
“I was only teasing the Government when I said I wouldn’t pay my income tax!”
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119‘/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
0
TODAY - WEDNESDAY 2 First-Run Features THE GUSTY, RElS-BLO^tiDEb ROMANTIC TALE OF A YOUNG ADVENTURER WHO ROAMED THE BROAD HIGHWAY . . . meeting all comers with his fists ... .battling to clear his father’s name ... saiatching victory from the brink of defeat!
Jr. euIsA hu|Di —^Plus— Frim Paris Pranks I ' To Army Ranks! Just a couple of palookcu... ¥f|ie tried to escape one gunman and jon right info an army! l M. k® V Off
miiiv ^0^
ALSO NEWS
QRANO NATIONAL PICTURK
LUMA TODAY - WED.
THE
IS NOW EQUIPPED WITH THE LATEST IN SOUND
the nbw
Wesrern*£lectric MIKKOPHOHIC,
SOUND SYSTEM
NOW PLAYING 3 FOR FUN! And fun for dll ., . with Joan and Bill and Bob uproariously together again!
WILLIAM POWeLL
Robt-MONTGOM^RY
with 7RANK MORGAN ’ jefiie Ralph • Nigel Bruce —PLUS— Cartoon In ColorTu^y. Mafch g; 1987
THE PiJlCDDE EXPONENT
Netmen Crtish Indiana 69-4^ To Set New Scoring Record Young Chdilki Up 22 Points In 24 Minutes For High Scoring Honors; Anderson Makes 12 ,
By J. S. Brown Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s netmen set a new Big Ten scoring record last Saturday as they rode roughshod over the visiting Indiana quintet by the score of 69-46. The old scoring record, of 64 points, also held by Purdue squad was bettered by five points mainly through the efforts of Jewell Young and Gene Anderson, Youn^ chalking up 22 points and Anderson 12. The game started with Seward and Anderson as the only regulars. Downey was out because of injuries, and Sines, Young, and Malaska were kept out of the game until the last 4 minutes of the first half. The starting lineup of Zink, Anderson, Seward, Dickinson, and Mangas was not conceded much chance to outperform the Crimson quintet, but after wiping out Indiana’s four point lead obtained in the first two minutes of play, the Boilermakers got control of things and when the trio. Sines, Young, and Malaska came in the score stood 26-13. From then on it was all Purdue. The whole squad concentrated on feeding the ball to Jewell Young, and Jewell responded by dropping in eight field goals and six free tosses for 22 points, bringing his season’s total to 163. “Sunny Jim” Seward, playing his last home game of his career, turned in an excellent account of himself. Playing guard, center, and forward, he helped materially to roll up the early Boilermaker lead.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic 0B. FAHL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. ROBERT 6. BISK DB. LUTHER A. BISK 400 Schlilt* Bldg. Phone 5701
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds
JOHN SPERB 822-24 Main
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY New Beginners’ Class For Ladies and Gentlemen Opens Wed., March 10 7 ;30 P. M. Phone 2150Alienas 6th & Ferry
sinking three field goals and three charity tosses for nine points. A few minutes before the game ended, Glen Downey, in his street clothes, came out on the floor and was given an ovation that shook the rafters. Pntdue (69) B. F. P. Zink, f 8 0 0 Anderson, f-c - 6 2 3 Seward, c-f i...3 3 8 Dickinson, g 8 2 1 Mangas, g 13 1 Young, f 8 6 1 Hutt, f 1 1 1 Sines, ( 0 1 1 Malaska, g 1\ 1 0 Dean, g — ....0 \ 0 1 Barsha, g 0 0 2 Totals .. 26 19 14 Indiana (46) B. F. G. Johnson, f 4 2 2 Etnire, £ 1 1 0 Birr, e 8 0 2 Gunning, g 1 0 4 Andres, g 6 1 3 Abbott, f 0 0 0 Hosier, c 2 12 Platt, g 3 0 4 Totals 20 6 17 Free Throws Missed—^Young, Hutt, Seward, Dickinson, Malaska 2, Mangas 2, Johnson 6, Etnire, Birr, Gunning 3, Andres 8. Referee—Frank Lane (Cincinnati). Umpire—^Bib Nipper (Butler).
Boilermakers Bow To Chanute, 10-7 • Fencers representing the Chanute Field Air Corp Technical School defeated Purdue here last Saturday afternoon, 10-7, in a keenly contested meet. The Boilermakers took the foils matches by a narrow margin, 5-4, and tied in the epee, 2-2, but were blanked by the visitors in the saber, 4-0. The summaries: Foils—Latter, Purdue, defeated Hodock, Chanute, 6-6; Mangle, Chanute, defeated McWilliams, Purdue, 6-6 { Warren, Chanute, defeated Huffman, Purdue, 6-2 ; McWilliams Purdue, defeated Hodock, Chanute, 6-3! Mangle, Chanute, defeated Huffman, Purdue, 6-3; Latter, Purdue, defeated Warren, Chanute, 5-2; Reynolds, Purdue, defeated Nagley, Chanute, 6-1; Mangle, Chanute, defeated Latter, Purdue, 6-3; McWilliams, Purdue, defeated Warren, Chanute, 6-6. Saber—Regis, Chanute, defeated Seaborg, Purdue, 6-3, and Lacey, Purdue, 6-3 ; Wooden, Chanute, de£ea1;ed Antucshko, Purdue, 6-4, and Seaborg, Purdue, 6-3. Epee—Mathews, Purdue, defeated Horrigan, Chanute, 8-1; Levin, Purdue, defeated Reiser, Chanute, 3-2; Horrigan, Chanute, defeated Meier, Purdue, 3-1; Reiser, Chanute, defeated Seller, Purdue, 3-2. • < 3
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
KEY^ Kejni for tmiika, door locks, dsdr locks^ night Istehcs nnd padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a spselalty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phono 2828 Lafayotfa^ Ind.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
« oRinting WfHi^Office Stationery., I Weddins Invitatlont PHONE * = 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408reRl(i
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Can’t you see I’m head over heels in love with you, Zaza!”
Pate three*
Track Teanl Nosed Out In Triangle Meet Northwestern Wins Final Event Taking First Place From Purdue Losing the mile relay, Purdue’s track team was nosed out by Northwestern in a hotly contested triangular meet held at the Midway fieldhouse in Chicago Saturday as the Maroons of Chicago University were copping third. The final event of the day, the mile relay, was the deciding event, with all three teams in. the. running up to that point. The Purple victory in the relay gave them 39 tallies to 36 for the Boilermakers and 33 for Chicago. Sophomores Show The Boilermakers showed the expected strength in the distance runs, with Art Bodeau, high point man of the meet capturing the 880 yard run and the mile, and Long taking the two-mile run for Purdue. Williamson captured another first place for the Boilermakers by taking the high jump. The summary: Mile Run— Won by Bodeau, (Purdue), Moore, (Purdue), second; Catlin, (Northwestern) third: Buckmaster, (Northwestern) fourth. Time, 4:32.6. 60 Yard Dash—Won by Delaney (Northwestern) second; Frick (Chicago third; Brumbaugh (Chicago) fourth. Time, :6.4. 440 Yard Bun—Won by Halcrow, (Chicago) ; Reitel (Northwestern) second; Ensley (Northwestern) third: Terhune, (Northwestern) fourth. Time, :60.8. 70 Yard Hurdles—^Won by Beal (Chicago) ; Newman (Chicago) second; Hathaway (Northwestern) third; Lemen (Purdue) Time, :9.0. Two Mile Run—^Won by Long (Purdue) ; second Richter (Northwestern) ; Rnapp of (Purdue) third; Marozick (Purdue) fourth. Time, 10:12.6. 880 Yard Run—^Won by Bodeau (Purdue) ; McElroy (Chicago) second; Rammanns of (Northwestern )third; Netherton (Chicago) fourth. Time, 2:01.2. Mile Relay—^Won by Northwestern (Catlin, Raumanns, Ensley, Reitel) ; Purdue, second; Chicago, third. Time, 3:26.6. Pole Vault—^Won by Gordon (Chicago) ; Drake (Northwestern) second; Lawson of (Chicago) third; Sutton, (Northwestern) fourth. Height, 11 feet, 6 inches. High Jump—^Won by Williamson (Pur.due; Gordon (Chicago) second; Lemen of (Purdue) thi^; Robak, (Chicago) fourth. Height, six feet. Shot Put—Won byHlarter (Northwestern) Murphy (Purdue) second; Irving (Northwestern) third; Hamity (Chicago) fourth. Distance, 43 fe^, 8 and 6-8 inches.
FROSH SQUASH^
4:00-
TODAY
Student Court -Park vs. Simmons,
4:46—Scully vs. Monroe." 5:16—Lownie vs. Eherhard. 6:30—Feunt vs. Blitz.
7:00—^Blessing vs. Alexander.
Dengler Addresses Convocation of 400 (Continued from page 1)
are allowed to attend universities as contrasted with the ready availability of higher education before the place of the school in European life began to change. ‘The university must serve the’ nation hut must keep in contact with the rest of the world,” said Dr. Dengler in explaining the new ideal which education must uphold for the European people. Changes In referring to the similarity of the social changes which are taking place in Europe and the United States, changes which are affecting the educational systems, Dr. Dengler remarked “America is going through the same crisis that we are in Europe. The complete individualism is out of date, but America is also afraid of complete collectivism.” “If you can solve this problem of change in such a way as to preserve the fundamentals of democracy, you have done the greatest thing in the world.”
ielder’s.... ....choice ...By Bob Walpole To Coach Ward Lambert should be given, if we had one, the Distinguished Service Cross for Psychology . . . to Piggy as well as the team, should go all of the praise for the record-breaking Indiana game . . . —^fc— Ward started that which before was his second string five, and they did swell, just to show that they could do plenty o. k. without Young, Sines, and Malaska . . . with four minutes remaining in the first half, two of the three bad boys of the Boilermaker squad went into the game amid a few cheers and many times more of the opposite . . . the crowd attitude, although perhaps not what supporting fans should have, was sufiicient to show the untrained three that their follies of a week hack weren’t appreciated ... —fc— To go on .,. it was quite apparent that Young, Sines, and Malaska were all for showing that they still could play the game of basketball . . . and they did .. . Brig was passing and shooting better than we have seen him all year, and Pat’s dribbling was super-typical of Pat. —^fc— We hope that an uprising of this sort never occurs again, and it was Piggy’s swell management that broke a couple of conference records . . . then, too, everyone played a fine game, especially the guys who have been sitting on the bench this year . . .
BASKETBALL
TODAY Court 1—Official, Hobart 7:15—^Phi Kappa Psi vs. Winner of ^ Alpha Tau Omega and Theta Chi (B). 8:26—Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Chi (B). Court 2—Official, Abel 7:15—Phi Kappa Alpha vs. Winner Delta Upsilon and Phi Kappa (B). ^
Mermen Beat DePauw Closson, Distance Star, Swims Off With High Point Honors Purdue’s swimming team closed a successful home season yesterday by swainping the DePauw mermen in Memorial Gymnasium pool, 6420. Taking first and second in five events, the Boilermaker tankmen made a clean sweep of all the first places and took both relays. Closson, Boilermaker distance star, carried off high point honors by scoring victories in both the 220 and 440 yard free style events. The m^t marked the closing chapter of the swimming careers of several of the Purdue tankmen, including that of Captain Paul Vemor, who scored a victory in the 60 yard free style and swam on the winning 400 yard free style relay team. The Boilermakers close their dual meet season Saturday with a match against Indiana at Bloomington. Summary: 300 Yard Medley Relay—^Won by Purdue (Jacobi, Tredwell, Gillis) ; DePauw, second. Time, 3:88.6. 220 Yard Free Style—^Won by Closson, Purdue; Armstrong, Purdue, second; Leslie, DePauw, third. Time, 2:34.6. 60 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor, Purdue ; Wallace, Purdue, second; Voyles, DePauw, third. Time, :81.2. 100 Yard Free Style—Won by Whitcomb, Purdue; Lahey, Purdue, second; Voyles, DePauw, third. Time, :59.6. 160 Yard Back Stroke—Won by Jacobi, Purdue; Tredwell, Purdue, second; Smith, DePauw, third. Time, 1:66.4. Fancy Dives—Won by Tredwell, Purdue, 91.6; Craig, Purdue, second, 86.9; Ross, DePauw, third, 73.4. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—Won by VanDelester, Purdue; Marlatt, DePauw, second; Lassman, DePauw. third. Time, 2:64.6. 440 Yard Free Style—^Won by Closson, Purdue; Leslie, DePauw, second; Morgan, DePauw, third. Time, 6:48. 400 Yard Free Style Relay—Won by Purdue (Farwell, Stewart, Wallace, Vernor) ; DePauw, second. Time, 3:64.8.
We Sell Parker Pena and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 604 Main Street
Water Polo Tenn Wins As Swimmers Lose To Buckeyes The Boilermaker tank aqokd experienced a sound thrashing at the hands of the Ohio State mermen Saturday in the home pool, but they avenged this defeat somewhat by whipping the Buckeyes in water polo, 8-1. The Ohio State squad cnp~ tured five of the seven individual events and both relays to win by a 61-32 score. Captain Paul Vemor was the only Boilermaker star, winning the 100 yard free style and tying with Howell of Ohio State for first in ^ the 60 yard free style to score the I only Gold and Black victories of ^ the afternoon. The summary: 300 Yard Medley Relay—Won by Ohio State (Nennzig, McRee, Jobnosn); Purdue, second. Time, 3:09. Style—^Won by Brandt of Ohio State; Kathem, Ohio State, seeond; Closson. Purdue, third. Time, 2:24.6. 60 Yard Free Style—Vemor, Purdue, andk Howell, Ohio State, tied for first; Kessler, Ohio State, second. Time, 30.9. Fancy Diving—Won by Patterson. Ohio State; Tredwell, Purdue, second: Craig of Purdue, third. 100 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vemor, Purdue; Howard, Ohio State, second; Hartlein, Ohio State, third. Time. :66.1. 160 Yard Back Stroke—Won by Pfeiffer, Ohio State; Tredwell, Purdue, second; Jacobi, Purdue, third. Time, 1:48. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—Won by Gustafson, Ohio State; Van Delester, Pnrdu^ second. No third. Time, 2:39.8. 440 Free Style—Won by Woodford, Ohio State; Closson, Purdue, second; Armstrong, Purdue, third. Time, 6:46. 400 Yard Free Style Relay—Won by Ohio State (HoWell, Neunzig, Brands Johnson) ; Purdue, second. Time, 3:40.2.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS LIULE HILL TOP SAHDWICH SHOP
108 S. Pierce
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
The thinking fellow calla A YELLOW V.8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Oecaaimu 26e per pasaenger any part of the city 6Q28 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO,
Turn Your Assets Into CASH
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to sell
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer.
GALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concemng Exponent Gla.'gytlied AtL
i
it . < Si \ KWmt,
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Suppli^ for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. 2779.
Piano And Organ Instruction— Harry Irwin Metzger, Purdue Organist. Phone 35683.
Room For Boys—Block and a half from campus. 212 Fowler. Phone 55611 after 4 p. m.
Plat Top Office Desk—Cost new $39. Like new for $10, at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
For Rent—One student room lyi blocks from Purdue Union. Private entrance. Continuous hot water. Phone 41671.
Cardfof Thanks
We desire to express our deepest appreciation for kind services and sympathy bestowed, during the illness and death of our beloved son, Clement, and brother: To President Edward C. Elliott of Purdue University, and Faculty, Department of Military Science and Tactics, the Methodist Episcopal Church of West Lafayette, and Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Bryan and son, Kennedy. Culver, Indiana.
NOTICES HeueWcwcBiiimHertpwUi.
C. E. 41—An examination for the removal of C grades will be given March 6th, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. Students expecting to take the examination should report to F. W. Greve not later than March 4th. . —GRBVE.
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions will be given March 6, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Applications should be made at history ofllce by March S. —ESTEY.
Removal of Math Conditions—^Examin^ tions fdr the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. ' —Marshall.
Geology Conditions—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Geology 8, Physical Geology, and in Geology 6, Forestry Geology will be held in room 207 Heavilon Hall, Saturday, March 6 from 1 to 4 p. m. Students intending to take examinations must report to room 202 Heavilon Hall not later than March 4. SERVISS and MILLER.
P. M. 16—Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in descriptive Geometry will be held Saturday, March 6, from 1 to 4 p. m., in room 308 of the Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to taking the examination. —PORSCH.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Freshman B team vs. juniors at 4 o'clock March 2 in small gymnasium. Freshman A team vs. seniors at 4 o’clock in large gymnasium. Freshman A team vs. freshman B. team at 4:30 in large gymnasium. —THATCHER.
INDIANA^ LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association. 322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls participating in the tournament please meet in the Women’s Gym at 4:30. Compulsory meeting. —BEKO. Junior Military Students—All students interested in Military Training 6 who were vaccinated for smallpox ,or given the first shot for typhoid on last Corps /Day will report to Captain Hayford on the skiond floor of the Armory during Corps Day, March 2/ —HAYFORD.
Playshop Election—Candidates' for 193738 Board positions must turn in petitions at the Union desk before March 5 at 4 p. m. Playshop members and students with credit in English 51 are eligible. —RUSSELL.
W. A. A.—Mass meeting March 6 at 4 p. m. Plans for state play day will be announced and' discussed. Championship game between intramural volleyball teams will ^ held. —JONES
P. L A,!—All independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessone please sign in the P. I. A. office front 4 to 6 p. m. anytime before March 6. _ —BUXlrON. Union Workers—My committee will m^t in' the workshop March 2 at 4 p. m. —PUTZE.
P. I. Av—Board meeting March 2 at 7 p, m. in office. —BUXTON.
All-Campus Bowling^The deadline for entrants in the all-campUs bowling tournament is noon, March 3. All students desiring to enroll, sign up in the bowling alleys. —PFORZHEIMER.
Women’s Life Saving Class—Meet • at 7 instead of 7:30 p. m. March 2. After the class there will be a swimming meet. —RUSSELL.
Alpha Phi Omega—Open meeting March 3 in room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. All scouts and former members are invited to attend. —MERRIAM. Virginia C. Meredith' Club—Meeting on March 2 in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 p. m. - . —MURPHY. Co-ed Badminton Tournament—Following games are to be played March 2 at 4 o’clock: M. Mathes vs. R. Randall, and M. Dunn vs. N. Phillips. At 4:30 p. m. S. Bouton vs. L. Mills, and M. Schatzinger vs. J. Bauer. All scores should be posted in the W. A. A. office. —MAIER.
Try CMtOWPi CtMAmifG Service and learn why more Pnrdne Students use CROWN CLEANING Your Garments when Crown Cleaned are moth-proofed at the same time ... no extre charge. “
P. I. A.—Everyone interested in a P. I. A. Men’s Glee Club, or mixed chorus report to the Tower room of the Memorial Union Building March 3 at 4 p. m. —STEWART.
Purdue Forestry Club—Meeting March 2 at 7 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. Motion pictures of the mahogany industry will be shown. —SWINFORD.
Union Committeesi—Our committees will, meet in the workshop March 2 at 4:00 p. m. SCATTERDAY, SHEETS. STALLINGS.
Singing Chorus Pictures—The singing ing chorus will meet in the Tower room at 8 p. m. March 2 to have their pictures taken. Dancing Chorus and people in the cast who sing will also meet at 8 p. m. —RIETH.
Singing Chorus—^No meeting March 2. ' —RIETH.
Scrivener Business Staff—Important meeting March 2 at 7 p. m. in Union Building office. -WHITCOMB.
Union Show Orchestra—All persons desiring to try out for the Union Show Orchestra report to the tower room March 2 at 4 p. m. Bring Instruments. -BRYANT. Freshman Football Managers—Freshman
AUNDRY
ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
football managers report to gym March 2 at 4 p. m. —BROWN.
Cary Hall Bowling—^Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved for Cary Hall competition from 7 :00 to 10:00 p. m., March 2. —PFORZHEIMER.
University Orchestra—Rehearsal in room C of the Memorial Union Building, at 7 p. m., March 2. —PHILLIPS.
W. A. A. Swimming—Intramural swimming meet March 2 at 7 :30 p. m. —LONG.
Genuine Service Lubricating - Washing LAFAYETTE MOTORS, INC. West Lafayette^ Branch 329 Northwestern Ave.
Gulf Gas
Phone 5355
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW!
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
"DEAC^ HAS EVERYTHING for m COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Alpha Lambda Delta—Meeting March 2 at 4 :00 p. m. in room B of the Union. —PITTMAN.
Gala Week Committee—Meeting at Bodden’s office March 2 at 4 p. m. Attendance compulsory. —BLACK.
Hoof and Horn—^Meeting March 2 at 7 :30 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. —CLARY.
a
Parable
A certain man had a furnace and his house grew cold. Said he to the furnace: ”Not another lump of coal do you get till you give more heat.” ® .... the poor man froze. .... and so did the merchant who cut down his newspaper advertising budget to ”save expense.”
1 .j .
U. S. Senator Reynolds says: ^Xuckies are considerate of my throaf ’ 'A ^ J **Tfvo Southern tmditums are oratory ““and good tobacco^ Lucky Strike shows me how to indulge in both. For this light smoke not only pleases my taste but leaves my throat in condition. Last fall in North Carolina—when 1 made over 100 speeches-—! visited ih^ Lucky Strike factory,- 1 believe I dis* covered, in the Lucky Strike ^Toasfing* process, the secret of what makes this cigarette so considerate of my throat, I have been rnore than ever an advo^ cate of a light smoke since seeing the extra care and expense devoted to making Luckies easy on the throat,** (R. V HON. ROBT R. REYNOLDS U. S. SENATOR FROM NORTH CAROLINA
In a recent independent survey, an overwhelming majority of lawyers, doctors, lecturers, scientists, etc*, who said they smoked cigarettes, expressed their personal preference for a light smoke* Senator Reynolds* statement verifies the wisdom of this preference and so do leading artists of radio, stage, screen and opera, whose voices are their fortunes, and who choose Luckies, a light smoke* You, too, can have the throat protection of Luckies—a light smoke, free of certain harsh irritants removed by the exclusive process ”It*s Toasted"* Luckies are gentle on your throat*
THE FINEST TOBACCOS— «THE CREAM OF THE CROP”
A Light Smoke s Toasted”-Your Throat Protecdon
AGAINST IRRlTA'nON-AGAINST COUGH
Copyrtgbt 188T, Tbt Ancilcu TobMco CoMpanr
A/. J