^ .i\ ‘y« »• >‘1 ^ T> ^ ^ ^ ^ v^_j r^y 4f __ ^^-i*** -4^ ^ f,^ J|S||^' ^ In > ^"''H ^ M/m ''
' j K “ *. -s ? ^ ^ ‘‘’■’Mr?* I H
Service Men's Edition
^ TOWN OFFERS New Recreational Center To Service Men Volume 56, No. 75
EstabUshed 18^9
xfumoM * GI Issue
Purdue Uniyefsity, West Lafayette, Indiana
EDITORIAL , Urges Service Men To Help On Paper Tuesday, November 9, 1945
Marines Will Celebrate Anniversary Tomorrow
Navy To Sponsor Program For Boxers Friday Night
Men Battle In Many Lands As Corps Enters 168th Year Tomorrow, November 10,1943, the United States Marine Corps celebrates its 168th anniversary. Never before in its history, since 1775 when the corps was established by act of the Continental Congress, have the ranks of the Leatherneck Corps been so full nor its members in
“Happy Hour” program, sponBored by the Navy and directed by Coach Jimmy Beers, will feature the outstanding boxers now on the campus next Friday night at 7, at the Fieldhouse. This program, which is open to anyone interested, will last for one and a half hours and will consist of five or six boxing matches, 15 minutes of turn-
J. D. Cochran Returns Ministers Hold, To University In V-12 Special Services After Active Service In Fowler Hall
Increase Allotments For Aid To Families Of Army, Navy Men A generous increase in allotments to dependents of service men came
through during the furlough with service on SO many far flung out-posts.
practically unanimous approval of both houses pf Congress, and became effective as of November 1. Although there is no change in the allotment for either a wife without children or a child, practically all other types of allotment were increased. The service man’s contri-
' ' bution remains unchanged—$22 per Joseph D. Cochran, less than two Special religious services are held month in most cases,
years ago a member of the second every Sunday morning at Fowler November allotments already
bling by the Purdue tumblers, and contingent of trainees in the navy’s Hall for the military personnel on attached notes indicat
a wall-climbing contest. j! i--. v , , -r-r ^
Naval Eiecfricians
To Graduate Thursday
Graduation for the fifteenth naval
school for electricans, has returned the campus. Father Holland offi- '•"uTur"'6^®ctricians company to be trained to the University to enroll in the ciates Mass for the Catholic men , • „ii Uonofit a r.^ m Uftiversity will take place . -rr time before all benefits due could be r? tj„n navy s V-12 p-ogram after an m- at 8:30 a. m., Protestant worship computed, recipients entitled to ad- ^huisday night at 7 in Fowler Hall,
terval of highly adventuresome under the direction of Reverend duty on an aircraft carrier. Balsley takes place at 9:30 a. m.. After graduating as a third class while Rabbi Simon leads the Jewish electrican’s mate from the Univer- worship at 10:30 a. m.
ASTP men have been given permission to go to the show. The electrical school m^n will all be there, while those of the V-12 programs may go if they wish, 't'rom
65 of the original boxers that start- ...
ed fighting last senfester. Coach Naval Training School, Coch- Service men who miss having a for Class B dependents to secure Beers has chosen the better ones to assigned to an aircraft car- military chaplain on the campus the same amounts in all cases put on fights. Already Jim has two offered the opportunity of con- gardless of whether or not the servoutstanding matches lined up. The North Atlantic. He particpated in ferring with leaders of the various iceman also has Class A allotments, first is between Don McMillen, a convoy on the carrier, faiths represented in the commu- The service man’s contribution in civilian, 175 pounds, and J. Zver- which was to guard nity. The ministers of the local guch cases remains the same—$27
blis, a marine sergeant, 175 pounds. sub-infested waters, so that parishes are available to the sol- a month. planes could dispose of the lurking diers, sailors and marines who wish pj-oi t'Ki-oo Pi-orioc- TTUn-iuio subs before they could contact the personal advise or who just feel * * ^ ^
The 167th year has gone down in Marine Corps annals as a crucial one. A year ago, after three unrelieved months of combat, heat and fever, the Marines of Guadalcanal were deeply in-
volved in the first offensive operation of this war. November 10, 1942, the 167th anniversary of the corps, saw the Marines on Guadalcanal mopping up what was left of a Japanese division in the second battle for
Henderson Field.
1942 Year of Progress
This year, the 168th, 12 months after the first offensive move of World War II, finds the Marine Corps west of the Solomons, and the same jungles that threatened for months to become the scene of another heroic but hopeless Wake is now an advance base for operations still moving towards tha
enemy. I
So if the year 1943 has been cru-
,. . , according to word received from the
ditional amounts would be sent sup-
piementary checks. rru u- i, j. ^ i i.
Ihe company, which entered last
Among other changes m the new offieially termed* under the allotment piopam are provisions designation as oj^’-44, thus
naming it as the first company to enter the school in the fiscal year
1944.
Kegley Presents Certificates
Dances, Shows Highlight GI Social Prograrn
McMillefi knocked out two men in the prelims, one of which was in one minute and 15 seconds. Sgt,
convoy. Meanwhile Cochran was like talking something out. The of- Moreover, enlisted men 'of the
By Cpl. Jack Martive
Last Friday the show at the Music Hall and the dances at the
T. . . 1 1 Union ballrooms Saturday night
Lieutenant Commander Kegley, ^.g^^.g^tion program es- ^as also been a pear of progacting commander of the naval sta- t^blished for service men on the Theie are now four and a tion. Will present ceitificates to the half times as many Marines as men at the graduation According fought in the battles of 1917-18,
the future only those will be ad- corps is now six and one-
Zverblis, »ho has spent si. years ?“» «' ehaplains_is_in I'f tw ' ™"' I”'. .pitted t. these affairs .vho are reg- half ttaes a, st.,,.*: ... numbers as
in the Marines, has two KO’s to his
record also.
Other Matches
ment of troops to Africa and then
The other outstanding match is joined the battle of Sicily. He was between Ted Owens of the Ship s fhen selected to return to the states Company in the Navy, and Harry foj. V-12 officer training pro-
Ochstein, a V-12 student, both weighing 155 pounds. Some of the other representatives who may fight are W. Branlin, W. Cooley, J. Smith, M. Peregrine, A. Aerne, D. Heile, F. Meador, J. McMillian and F. Ef-
nor.
Another fight which is now trying to be promoted is between J. Lewis of the ASTP and Frank Alexander of the ROTC. The matches will be made up of three rounds of two
minutes each.
Room 109 of the Executive Build- ibk for allotments. However, they cent of those graduating wll receive , u . .p d-u • 1 ° on December 7 1941
Last summer the young seaman’s ing, and arrangements can be made o give up a owances now ratings of electricians mate third j °v, ® lecrea- ' t carrier participated in the move- for personal conferences by calling subsistence and quar- ^1^3 remainder of the ^ membership Spirit, Tradition Important
ters in such cases. ^e strikers for that on the cam- gut it is not the facts and figPrincipal changes are the follow- rating dances bring the opportu- m-gg gf measurable variables that
Diplomas certifying comuletion members and +1,0 oo,.,.co will 1,0 o.i„o„ +0 oooU enjoyment to the friends of the corps on its anniver-
3001.
The foundations are the answer to the needs of those men who wish
gram.
an atmosphere of fellowship not too ^ ^vife and one child, the al- of the course will be given to each
Service Men, Civilians Graduating In 1944 To Sign For Debris Service men and civilians who will either graduate or finish their prescribed curriculum in the cal-
far removed from whatever these lowance becomes $80, against the man in the company, while those reyoung people had left behind them, current $62; for each additional ceivng the ratings will get addiHere is the opportunity for friend- child, $20, an increase of $10. tional certificates, ships with the kind of people they Other changes affect such second- Will Be Sent to Schools
campus.
These and additional entertain-
sary, nor is it the memory of O’Ban-
non in Tripoli nor Devereux on
ments, such as the regular Univer- .y^rake, but rather the spirit with sity convocations, are to be a regu- ^^^ich they fought and the tradilar occurence for the benefit of fjgn gf which thcv became a nart
would have liked at home. The pro- ary dependents as parents, broth- Approximately three-quarters of those belonging to this service men’s
grams of the foundations have been ers and sisters.
the graduates will be sent to ad- organization called the Social Rec-
It is with that tradition and that
arranged so that curfew hours for Even relatives of women in serv- yanced schools for training as sub- reation Plan. Men may apply for ^Pint, m which the newest recruit the service men may be kept. jce benefit by changes effected by marine electricians, in gyro com- the $2 a month membership at their shai’es, that the Marine Corps com-
Each of the groups is an affiliate legislation. pass work, as aviation electricians company headquarters from the
memorates its 168th year.
with a religious denomination but each has, too, a weekly program of suppers and outings and its always
Incidentally, service men on the mate, in convoy duty, as torpedo- recreation officer.
campus who are eligible for allot- btfat crews, in mine warfare and ments and have not applied pend- amphibious operations. They ax’-
available reading I'ooms and game ing receipt of wedding licenses, etc., rived here fi’om boot camp at Gi-eat
The Purdue tumblers have been endar year of 1944 and who want rooms. Counsel is available but not should apply as soon as possible to Lakes Naval Training School, putting in a great deal of time in their pictures in the University compulsory. Typical of the found- their company orpnizations. In Lt.. (j.g.) Lee Somers is cornorder to work up a suitable pro- yearbook, the Debris, must sign up ations are the Wesley Foundation some cases, provision is made for pany commander while J. L. Rus-
gi-am for their 15 minute® in ac- ter picture appointments by Satur- and the Hillel House, both on granting allotments pending retion. Those who have previously day noon. Sheets street, just off the campus, ceipt of proof of eligibility, seen this group in action will want The pictures are to be taken in Westminster Foundation ef , ^ to again. the sub basement of the Union the University Presbyterian church. Undetarad DamOS
The other big feature of this building soon afetr the appoint- The first-named group has "
sell is company chief.
At the gi’aduation Avei’ett Jenkins, from Long Island City, N. Y., will represent the company. Two special awards will be made, one
New USO. Location The spacious new USO, which is located at Fifth and State streets, will now be open from 10 a. m. until 10:30 p. m. during the week and until midnight on Saturday. The facilities are many, including the “Quiet Room,” which is abundantly supplied with games and I’eading and writing materials; the snack bar, which furnishes food
Service Flags Hung In House Windows For Departed AST's Last semester the spirit of selflidicule on the pait of AST trainees lesulted in the song line, “. . . take
three ring circus, called the “Happy ments are made. Here each person handsome corner building, always T— TotnfiyfnW deserving student, and Wednesday, Friday and Sunday down your service flag, mother, Hour ” is a wall climbing contest, will fill out an activities card tell- kept open. There are a reading ^ ™ most outstanding in jijgjjts (these cakes and refresh- your son’s in the ASTP.” This self- ^ . _ • 1.1 T X. _i .QfiVinlar.cchir)- . i . vi • . _ i_. . .
directed by Chief Specialist Rus- ing exactly what he or she has done I'oom and facilities for ping-pong Undergrad Dames will hold initisell of the naval training school, in extracurricular affairs such as and badminton—not to mention dinner Wednesday at Sarge Each man in this contest will be Exponent, Debris, Student Union three pianos. Biltz’s. Members ai’e toVneet in repi’esenting a pai’ticular company or WBAA. Fox this graduating Hillel Foundation next door, the west lobby of the Union by 6:15
in the Navy electrical school. He group a special section of the Debris planned pximarily for Jewish stu- p. m.
will be selected from the various P. will be set aside with the pictures, jents, but open to all, offers very The formal initiation is in charge
activities and school in which each similar facilities. Sunday is ap- of Miss Mabel Eilering, chaix-man, person grxiduates. ' paiently a more organized day, and Mrs. Donald Hilt, sub-chair-Those who wish to sign up may what with a meeting and supper, man. The organization, which is a do so any afternoon this week from but the foundation is always open social club, is made up of members 4 to 5:30. On Saturday the Debris and students and army and navy whose husbands are undergraduate
office, rooms 315, 316 and 319 of men are always welcome. students,
the Union building, will be open
E. classes.
WAA Star Field Hockey Teams To Play This Week
rection of Pi’of. C. L. Beese.
Service Men
Will all service men who have not called for their entries in the Beauty Contest please do so after 4 p. m. on Wednesday or Friday
nights.
WAA all-star field hockey teams j^.^m 8 until 12 noon, will play in the Women’s Gym on
Wednesday at 5 p. m.
Members of the teams are Nicholson, Ver Hoven, Galbraith, Rule, Branting, Young, King, Hilty, Hines, Bergman, Steen, Rafual, Burgess, Blake, Lofquist, Morton, Snydex', Hilliart, Beese and
dridge.
Swoboda To Speak To Sociology Class
Ml’S. Mary Swoboda, representa-
El- tive of the National Nursing Coun-
cil and the United States Cadet Nurse Corps, will speak to the two classes of sociology today at 11 a. m. in the Education Building. The Cadet Nurse Corps is a government plan under the auspices of the U. S. Public Health Service, de-
Square Dance Club will hold its signed to give free professional first meeting Wednesday from 7:30 education to qualified students. Mrs. until 9 p. m, in the Women’s Gym. Swoboda is helping lecruit 66,000 Beginners will be taught old-fash- student muses this year and xxlso to ioned folk and square dancing. Reg- interest college women in pi'eparaular students, service men and ca- tion for post-war careers, dettes are invited. Freshmen girls May Make Appointments
Chicago^ Indianapolis Furnish Service Men With Recreation
By Pfc. Leo Friedman
If you want a change from La-
Square Dance Club Will Hold Meetings
use), puttering rooms, music
fayette some week end, thex’e’s al- rooms, writing rooms, a desk offerways Indianapolis or Chicago, for ing free tickets to shows and loop that matter. Both ax’e within easy movie houses, pool and billiax’d taovex night pass range fx’om the cam- bles—and girls—so many girls, pus, and both are what the boys Girls Vie For Hostess call “service men’s towns.” Chicago’s prettiest vie for the Chicago, whose hospitality to privilege of serving as hostesses—■ army and navy men is pex’haps the witness the recent difficulty when most lavish and best known in the the centers asked some of the hos-
scholarship. ments ax’e donated by various mem- invoked distinction between traininstruction for the naval txain- local community); the ees and “soldiers m the Army” has ing school is handled by the war ping-pong tables, juke box, dance manifested itself again in the usual training d^paxdment xmder the di- fjoois, piano and lounging chairs. humorous way. A number of men
Within the next two weeks a com- are disphxying service flags on the plete new set of maple furniture dooi’s of their x’ooms with the apwill be installed in the various propx’iate number of stars for budlounges while drapes on the win- dies who wexe returned to the troops dows and other accoutrements will for various leasons at the stai’t of make this service center quite ox’- the px’esent texm—or as the boys nate. Just as impox-tant or more themselves put it, “who’ve gone to
so are the 700 gix-ls who have been war.”
accepted as hostesses for the dances Beta house, for example, the which are held on Wednesday night nien have acquixed and will display and Sunday afternoon to the music a flag with five blue stars in honor of a juke box and on Saturday night of fhg depaxtuies from that house,
to a real orchestra. So for those free hours in Lafayette all service men are welcome to the USO where the facilities suit most any mood. Union Social Center Quite familiar to the last semes-
And 18 fast billiard ter men is the Union, which is a so-
cial center and haven for entertainment hungry service men between periods or after classes. The dances, bowling alleys, billiard tables, Sweet Shop, the lounges and the Puttering Shop are all located here.
ing here, too.
tables.
Free Transportation
But that’s only the surface of Chicago. Busses (like all transportation there, free to service men) take you everywhere in one of the
handsomest, largest, wealthiest The latter is open in the afternoons
Army, Navy, Marine Basketball Leagues
Begin Schedule
With the Aimy and Navy both having 32 teams each in the intramural bxisketball leagues •feeing formed, one of the heaviest intramural schedules will go into full
will be allowed to attend. War Veterans All students who have had service in the United States Army, Navy or Marine Corps since December 8, 1942, and who now hold a medical discharge, should report to the Dean of Men’s Office at once. —DEAN OF MEN,
cities in the wox’ld. and over the week end for those
Indianapolis is about an hour men interested in handicrafts such week when the .\rmy
country, is three hours and three tesses who had been serving rela- away by train and two-odd hours as painting, woodworking, model- ®Sins playing bucks (round trip) away. tively lon^ periods to retii'e fi’om by Greyhound bus. Here, too, a lot ing in clay, tooling leather and Already 32 teams ftom the Navy Centers Provide Everything the centers and make room for oth- of lavish entertainment is on the many other creative arts. The electrical school have begun to play. Once you get there, though, ers clamoring to get in. The resul- town. Sweet Shop is the center of the Ne.xt Tuesday ac 7 in the evening, everything is on the town. Service tant appeals of the girls already in The Wabash avenue, Illinois ave- Union as the latter is the center of quintets from the Army will bemen’s centers run big out there and were poignantly offered up by the nue and Kirschbaum centers, al- the campus. This is the place to their competition. The Navy
•innonitmeiiT wiWMl's Swoboda they ®’'’®i'ything. Cen- city’s journals. In any case, the though operating on a smaller scale have your coke dates and to meet Marine V-12 programs axe exihA dpslf nf the Union Mis ter No. 1, at 176 Washington street, service centers are full of giils— than Chicago’s, offer many of the your friends. pected to enter about 21 teams.
is a 14-story xxffair devoted exclu- and very attractive ones, too. things that city does, in the way For photographers who are lucky These squads w ill play league ball sively to service men’s needs—and Center No. 2, at 430 South Mich- of normal service men’s delights, enough to have film, the sub-base- until near the end of the semester, that includes a canteen running igan (there’s still another on 49th There xire dances—with a lot of ment offers a daxk room completely At that time league winners will be from 9 a. m. to midnight, floor after street), is not quite as large, doesn’t pretty girls—and shows; there are equipped with all the necessary par- deteimined, then, if there is time floor of cots, shower rooms, shav- have sleeping facilities, but it runs canteens, music rooms, game rooms, aphernalia. left, Chief Clevett hopes to have d. ing equipment—not to mention bigger and nioie elaborate dances, free tickets and many other fea- For those interested in extia cur- playoff to determine the clixxmpion three separate dance floors (and all shows and such. There’s free bowl- tures. (See D.VNCES, page 3) service team in the school.
Anyone wishing to leaxn more xibout the Student Nuise Corps may call the Placement Office or make
an
at the east desk of the Union. Mis. Swoboda will keep her appoint-
ments from 6 to 5:30 today.
Ad Staff
Meeting Tuesday night at 7:30.
—GAUNT.W ’t
t if
Page 2
1^ U^yi .i-k « 'U t*^lL-L f Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, Novembet* 9, 194\
Purdue Exponent
combined with Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhousc, Phone 2792 Editonil Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Editor Businc‘5s Mnnnj,t*r Ne^s Editor Mananrinir Editor Sports Editors
Fills Murphj Mnrv Diltp ^V{1Ilam H 1 \s( n (arohn Wilbur R''>mond J Smith Russell M Lipcs
publication Staff Editorial Staff Aspoemte Editors Tncl AM cll I ilh Mill Madclyn A Cioti 1 11 1 Kiel rl 1 M u 1 t ^ SlolTc JaiiiL \ck msn 1 r Til ^ 1 ScrMce Staff Mr R tt C li 1 Di 1 co I ricdmun Taok Mnrtii l'l^ Nc mi an
Business Staff
Ad\crtisinB: Mamper ( I Cut Assistant \d>crtiMn{r riainj,or R tt\ M ney Circulation Manaper R ( Sa ni in
Staff For This Issue
Exponent By Service Men
Today’s Exponent is a special seivice men’s edition, written by the seriice men and dedicated to the propo sit ion that the soldicis sailors and marines, since they ?ie 111 abundance on the campus, should have a gicatei equity in deciding what soit of news is printed If sue ccssfitl, these special editions will be published at regular iiileiials Budding contributors may come down to the Exponent offices between 4 and 7 this Wednesdai 01 Fiidiy luj’lil
Niirhl Fditor 1 cjrh Cit> Editor H( 1 fj
Edit
Serr let St iff ( 1 M ri Co ( It
I fc t at I L btaft PI olojrnphc
Dat Editor Steffes Sports Editor Ackerman
y ari,ar
It I I 1 1 111 in 1 ft r II c r Set C tr Id Kutltii i.
y\ ( Tolbtr
Filtered as second cla s matter at the post ofTice in Lafaj ette Indmi n i i tl e ct f Cot cress of March 3 18 9 ai 1 at the p 1 lat f i to c i roi d 1 for in section in 3 let f o r U 1 1 nth r/cd Tanuary 20 1922 p,l,l 1 1 sds Tl r H nl Sat rday mornines dur ,nj. tl 1 N 1 I c t I 1 t r Is Dthvtred daily li car 1 1 f 1 SI for s m tor l\ mail ft r $1 fO for a s n St 1 S I or 1 0 nil olta ncl at the Exponent tfficcor t the A\ I 11 1 f II Un n H pro nt 1 <■ r 1 ( nal alieitis nn Iv National Advertia K St ce 1 c loll P 1 li I trs Kcpresentativos 42U Mahon \ N loik N 1
qiie WASHIHSTOM
Req U S P«l Ott.
MERRY-€0-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
Philippine Rivalry For President' May Be Put To Congress; Quezon Hires Cummings To Plead His Case
It M ( tl fll 11 1 ( pul 1 ^ K P lip|iint ( t int) If shill i doc n t \ I 1
A^A^I1I^G10\ -The ticl lisl qiieslitn of who is ing It I 11 t lit ( f the P! ilijipiiits iftci Nov t5 M plittt on tilt h tc lloust dooi sU p iccfiitly \i h tic ICS It tl it Ji 1 ( Sun Rl scum in shoved li cin^cilv n\ \ I tin. PI ilippmc m tiliilion is to be stt i 1 it ht in 1 ltd ( nits would hi t to do it Ih hi li u itntoUt tpen in unfoi Uui ilc i o\\ 1 h 1 II did Pit ulciiL Qiu/on in I Ii 1 nl O men i On Ntv lb Ihc Ijiuli n pioiidcs \ ict Picsidcnt Os ct Qu(/)i i pus tit nt but Q It/Ml ( It I d \\ I li t !i cd III inci Cun innif s lit mil 1 C t)\ 111 11 1 i i il i f 11 i Pb lippuics 1 ( ft 1 c K U 1 \l( ) I t ( c ( 1 il to pit id 1 IS t isi llie til ill V smou't' riiv t'n since (jne/on filled to 1 iKt li s tab.ncl out o) Manil i tboosing i ptison il s( ifT oi stn Ilfs uid loctiis iiislc id has now ffiicd out in til 1 hiiippii t \ iitn in tu spiptis I liipinos in til to min p i t t) Iht unfoitunitc fact th btcuist Quo/ois tihntl ins left behind tile mciriieis ! i\t ’/t .i * utitl i \ tiic J ii> to tot sti tutc the Hp p ippct taliiiti in Minili Quezon was allowed bv Cm ■'IccSitiuii to I il t ^0 people m ith him irom Al inili to ( itgtdoi iiid ! ihpino in ilin toun tr tl iini til it li 111 h (I 1 P t 1 out t! c t ibinct insu id of his stri in( 11(1 ptno'il iidcs hiins nm,!it lint bttn difftitiif \ L r 1C 1 ittU O I icn i II ul t) ippc il Lo (.cu M ic Ai Inn I n ili\ i I t I c i clu It 1 in Ihc
r ‘I 1
Pa 1 ol t f 11 1 it tit I icl Ih il (Jic/on oiig inalhv t til ticliin llsti tni)lil ill n iilcd,-,iu no tctiui ttiin VV lii n flu I i st Iciiu C j 1 I lll'l tl i n lit tin VI chilf,fdlj uld 1 mil V u V ih i 1 1 JM () 111 it no Picsidcnl vvtuld tnt n n th i ti htvtus Ihc tight ycus u 11 nc't cel In the Jb41 (Itclirns tjue/o i ^ot 8i) ]Kitcnl of the volt but, A ice Pit 1 lent 0 mini ^ol 82 peiccnt Osmi nil t ICC! ill\ poind ii in the southern Isl uids wlitit ht 1 \ f II t 111 whcic picsumabh any landing to ict il t the I ml PI ints iinist be in ult Non 0 IC f I c t who w II ted to ,,5 with Quezon tofoucgidoi \ i Y lie elicited Jose P Liuiel now pus]'em f J tit J i] ancst Phil)))irn JcCiniblit As i hi li eh ol tl 1 ' Lilt li I hot thiee men in i fig) t cvci i 1 1 A.I A mi lie in ittointv Chile De ■\\ itt sccnelh cpitt Ion i leelmie ilitv I ili] mos a All til u 1 t h lie o \e to Yineiieir^
Knife For Wiilkie
f u i'l u !l II ill n t) ) J 1 Il tl i( 1 s lb 11 il t I i ( Ml Will! 1 on ( Ol MI 1 i \ W 11 t t I 1 i I 1 \\ lull llainillon w i
pot vow w 1 III Id ill 1 (uiiuloi off of flit House flooi —wilo should pi s hv but Itcpicstnfaftvt foe Martin cl Mibb whom \\ illkif appomftd to buctttd ilamil tondunn Hu lb If) i imp uj. n H imi'ton tublud ov<i to hake handb Jot i want to t ilk to vou lu s lul ‘Sure John icplitd Miitin iJioj) bv altci wt adjouin tpdiu But Jofin ntier diopptd in
Foiifica! Cbaff
Jim 1 iil<\ w i 1 If lit tllu ill abi ul Kentud y lit
With over 4,000 service men on the campus, the Exponent is truly your paper and it should ha\ e an abundance of your news, features and stones Ilowevei, the civilian staff is not m a position to piesent this information to us for the obvious leason that they are not in direct contact with the military on the campus The only altei native is to have the soldieis, sailors and maiines who make the news also wiite the news At the beginning of last semester, the seivice men weie offered the chance to woik on a page set aside foi then own use and the result was the page of army, navy and marine news which was present in every issue Those of us who worked on the page felt that it was not bad, but that’s about the most we could say The ti uth is that only a few men, approximitcly SIX Ol seven, weie regular contiibutois and we could not possibly covei all that goes on among 4,000 men This semestei, with the influx of additional SCI vice men, the situation is even more unbalanced in that the paper is being written by the minoiity That is obviou% not the way we want it, but the only way to alter the situation IS to have many additions to oui staff so that we can take onr place in repiesenting the maioiity on the campus 01 ten mentioned is the lack ol time to do cxtia ciuiicula woik That goes double foi the piescnt staff The answei to this is that the moic men we have who will contiibutc, the less each individual will have to do With enough copy and time, the calibre of the papei will improve and we are going to make this papei one of the best in the countiy, come hell Ol high watei But we need yoiu help Theie is no point in avoiding the tiuth In oidei to make the Exponent tiuly representative, wc must have more service men who are inteiested m eoveimg the news and writing it Theie aie many tacets to the woik, which includes sliaight news, ot which theie is not at present enough, leatures, editoiials, caitoons, cuts columns and opinions Expel lence is not necessaij If you think ou can wiite, give it a tiy Theie is a personal satisfaction in finding yoiu name and words in punt, and to piesent yoiu ideas and abilities to the public All this is m addition to the piestige which contiibutions bring to your bi aneh ol the seiv icc Try as we would, it was difficult dll' mg the past semestei to have a complete covei age oi seivice news Much too often the cop> was almost piuely aimy and th it again is not fan to the majouty We aic students heie with all the lights and piivilegc'- including the oppoitunity to work up to (d'loi ot the Exponent. To leiteiale, this IS >0111 papei, how about oiu making it liuly lepipsentativ e of the Univeisiiy and the Aimy and Navy‘s—] gm
(lilt uiH )i I v\ b it It ol his i 11 \v Ul j)i ml ililt 1 till 111 s 1 111 I ilioi b i\ iim th it (ht il nl till 1 isL 111 111 111 \\ uuld 11 Ilf n 1 M1 V It mini. III Ills subjttf—(ht
Oil n n ( f)P t ( It lAw i i I u iisv 1 invi i ib ,,tL tine 1 ( iilv t( mill bti li Im emis leauist the Vv ill) 1C ioi I"] t 1 il nt Ji tes J his 1'^ the sloij bebind loiiiti in J id lie 1 Niiiji d (1 II mill John I) M Jlaindti 11 JM 1 t i il 1 1 ol II t W cst I c V h isii’ (t till u 1 1 (lid itc i 1 li \ I It tt 1 mm to C Ol I 1 't 1 111 i he is 11 cl me 1 to VV u 1 J f 111 111 VV e\ His le inline mdiition is to tie stiov VVdlkii II limit n i elo e fiitiid ol the oil ]j u JI i t' 1 ivv a sf ( itc (I Gume VVhaiton PcjiiJci ]■’( VV eoini'-tl kttbis(io|i njiiiv it( chats v ith C jiit il jio] tier 1 ell e 1( IV I 1 ( n 1 IS t ii He ill m I h IV ( t j 11 v i d tl it I cvv li ul i h uid m thi tl iji till VV IS t 1(11 i J intid Bui lie dil dis (1 e th It lu iiim J Clive w is to cut thi eiound J1 0111 u idti Vs nil 11 IJ V u wain tl 1 1 ill 11 il eh i i ni ii le im ' a Rijiiblieu |ol melv miimi i ol II imiltoii *'( tl a J itiie till 111 mv mind i cjilir d H inid tin II an iltji t a the nil mi i t i liel me tins
told GOP Inendb that it offeicd the best bet to lick rDI" if they had any jjolitic il monev lo inve&t Lithei Jim hasn t lost his political acumen oi it was GOP monev which did it—oi both Some politicos thotmhl the PitsidenL could hive been moie political ly minded when he desciibed himself as i liec glow ei 1 ithei thin i 1 umei in votin„ at Hjde Paik lo them it lol ed as if lie had deseited the liimeis Ileibcit Iloovei loin Dewey and Ileniy Tiyloi ( uithoi ol Men in Motion ) h ul a seciet confab le centlv about the GOP s futme New Jeisev s ex Gov Mooi e was blazinp mad at New Jeisey s picsent Gov Ghailes Edison foi not mentioning Democi itie e indidate Muiphy m a climax camp ugn speech New Jcisey Dems complain thejt Etlison son ot the lamous inventoi is no leil Dcmociat At a Kiwanis Club luncheon one day attci elections Jim 1 iilcy took oft the eloves blasted his one time Administiation with cveij thing he had Government Reorganization A majoi icshuffhng ot Government agencies is be mg wDiked out behind the scenes toi announcement shoitly It IS aimed to solve oveilapping between Cordell Hull s State Depai tment and the eeonomie igeneics taken away fiom him intl plaecd undei Leo Clow ley At picsent foieign lepiesentatives of these dgeneics, sueh as Lend Lease and loieign Relief don t know whcthei to repoil to the Stale Depai tment or to Growlev Jim Landis toi instance, newly appointed U S Minister foi the Ntai Last to cooidinate all U S economic activities under the State Department now finds these eeonomie activities tiansferred to Leo Giowley, yet he still gets instiuetions fiom Hull lo hung ordci out ol this ehaos tiovvley will now be given full and complete juiisdictioii ovei LendI ease heonomit Wai laic, and the State Depai tment s Qlhee ol foreign ] conomic Coordination Ihey will become meie divisions under his over all Eoieign Leonomit \dministi ition ( lowley thought he had juus ditioii betoie but il wasnt iir-tight Oseai Cox assistant stjlicitoi of the Justice Depart ment will become general counsel ol the new set-up 1 auehlin Curiie loimei White House seeietary and now in charge of Leonomie Waifart, will continue as one ot C rowlcj’s light hand men Also Joe MeGoJdi itk, comptroller ol New Yoi k L iiv, IS being urged by ( rovvlc> to tome to Washington (o manage the fistal affaiis of the new agentj (( op\light 1943 by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
PersOnfiel Notes
in Ch E , M B , M E.
-r
O <■’ ‘Remembpi when help was bo plentiful the boss had an efficiency expelt loafing around here?”
University Calendar Tuesday, November 9
0 50 P M Alph i K ippi I imbda Meeting Room 302 Union 7 30 P M Ghdci Club Meelin,„ Room 355, Union 7 30 P M AIME Meeting W Eaeulty Lounge, Union
Wedsiesday, November 10 7 00 P M I’hi K ippci Psi Meetiiv Room 303, Union 7 lO'^P M Seoul I e uleib 3 laming Couist W Eaeulty Lgo , Union b 00 P M lud Sot of Piotessional Ingis Room 203, Union
Thursday, November 11 1 00 P M t ommittce on State of Univcibity Room 26o Union 5 00 P M Eill Spoils Spicad WAA Cabin 7 30 P M N ivy Giaduation Eliza Eowlei Hall
CofttJIanies scheduled to visit the campus J Merck And Co, Rahway, N J — November 11 Inteiested in Ch E , Chemists, (B S , M S , Ph D ) Catalytic Development Corporation, The Houdry Laboratoiies, Linwood, Pa —Saturday, Novembei 13 Inteiested m M S , Ph D chemists (oigartic, inoiganlcli B S Ch E Loeftheed-Vega Aircraft Corporatiort, Burbank, Calif —November 16 Interested mME,AE,EE,CE Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Co, Pittsburgh, Pa — Tuesday, Novembei 16 Inteiested in(BS,M S)M E,E E,P S E , Ch E , Met E , chemistiy, phys ics Shell on Co, Ihc , Tulsa, Okla — Thuisday, Novembei 18 Interested m C E , Ch E , Met E , M E , E E Tlhe Texas Co, New Yoik, N Y — Fiiday, Novembei 19 Inteiested in Ch E, M E, B S chemists (male and female), M S , Ph D chemists (01 game, physical) Consolidated Vultee Aircraft Coiporation, San Diego, Cal—Piiday, Novembei 19 Inteiested in C E , M E , A E , E E Phillips Petroleum Co, Baltics ville, Okla—Date to be announced Inteiested in men and women (chemists, physicists, mathema ticians, Ch E , M E ) Armstrong Cork Co, lancastei, Pa —Date to be announced Intel ested in men and women (B S, M S, Ph D chemists and physi cists, business administiation, eco nomics, EE, ME CE ChE, P S E) (Men with defei led mill taiy status piefeiied except Ph D candidates) The Carter Oil Co, Tulsa, Okla— Date to be announced Interested in EE CE ChE ME chem ists (B S , M S Ph D ) Carbide & Carbon Chemicals Corporation, S Chaileston, W Va — Monday Novembei 22 Interested
These compahles hrfe hot scheduled to visit the campus, however, they ere interested m studehts fen employment The Kellex Corporation, New Yoik, N Y—Inteiested in mb b|l women physicists, chemists, ^Ch (B S , M S , Ph D ) Sign ip peisonnel office by Satmday, Movom,bei 13 r ‘ ’ War Department) U. S« EAgu^eir Office, Providence, R I —Interested in C E not eligible foi mifitpjy service Sign in peisonnel Novembei 17 i,
Attention Men in ASTP (teims
6 and G), NCTP (terms 7 and 8>'
Westinghouse Electric & M^ttH* factiiring Co, Pittsbuigh, P^4^ Tuesday, November 16 Intetepted. m M E , E E , P S E , Ch E , |)ilet
E, chemistiy, physics
Exponenf' Editorijil And Sports Staff$
All jiiniois will report to staff meeting at 8 p. mi, Tuesday, Nov. 9, in Exponent office Seniors wiU report at 7 with information aS' signed
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Pec. 1,7:30 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Dec. 2,7:30 P. M. Adult- Tap Classes Precede Ballroom Classes CHILDREN'S GLASSES DEC. 4»h
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
Friday, November 12 1 00 P M Women s Pan Hellenic Registiation Meetin,, W Faculty Lounge Union 7 00 1* M beivicc Show (scivicc men only) Hall of Music 8 OOP M Pin Hcllomc Paity foi Ti insici Students E Faculty Lounge, Union
LUMA
TODAY and TOMORROW
Saturday, November 13 9 00 A M Vot ition il lo icheis E Faculty Lounge Union
mm (i£TS
Buy Wat Bonds And Stamps
Buy Wai Bonds And Stamps
nBBiwanuBjagaw
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY The 3 MeSt^uliactS^
TODAY - TOMORROW yb -
mm:
ffciiiwiiijs J li , V •
""iL jAHe CHAS COBOKN CARSON WYMAN
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROW
.el
IT-S SCRBtH's
SuhAcJuhiL Thow! to Purdue Exponent
Sijbseriplioii to be mailed 16 weeks Siibscriplioii to be mailed 12 weeks Regular subscription 16 weeks Regular siibscnplion J2 weeks
$1.60 $1.20 $1.25 $ .95
Name AtbJrcss Where delnered lo
Dale
12 weeks Q f2 weeks Q (Check one)
Clip coupon and return to Exponent Office in sub-basement of Union
for that farkif-fresh''
DOROTHY GRAY
1.
Cleansing Grains
[deal cleansing treatment for coaise-pored or dralilooking skin, Dorothy Gray Cleansing Grains help loosen clogging dirt , . . help soften blackheads. These fragrant pink giams gently stimulate as they cleanse. Sluggish, adolescent skin takes on a cleaner, moie youthful, vital look. Excellent for conspicuous poies. $1. Plus tax.
Jeeih.
Toiletries
Street Floor
.Y'
i > > Itt iTueBday, November 9^ 1943
ibil^rmak'er Sports
Page 3
Notre Dame Takes Big State Cross Country Title
Al‘A>y TtAes P. £ 12, ^ S *V“ fi But Improves
j ‘i Although it IS a cause of grief
Ajid(W<Jft and ttWch griping to some squat thiusts), pull ups, push ups, and enjoyment to a few, the physi sit ups, squat jumps, 100 yaid pickcal education program that the a-back and a 300 yaid lun arn«r trainees take has gqt its por the buipee, the army lequires poi^rts, as shown by the record^kept ^o do 10 in 20 seconds The TorS'f Clevett's OfR^. Every g AStP has to take m physical rft- ^4 ^g^^s the average went up ness tests and through tfcese exams ^ improved Je Instructors in the ftejdhouse and 5 8 to 9 1, the army requiring the army officials can tell whether ^ improvement was benefits are received from the pro- ^ push-ups, as the men went gram, commonly called cm the cam- ig 4 to 26 2, army 23 The
a^my wanted 33 sit ups fiom then
When an army circular came out men, got 25 oiiginally, 39 1 latei in Maxch of 1943 on what it expect- jp the squat jumps,^ 32 weie expect ed from its trainees, the P E de- 28 6 was the first number and, paitment decided to see what its after the training peiiod, the men ihep could do In July the ASTP 40 9 a bjg improvement was ijxen took the tests and were shy in made «i running time also, as 29 6 jlDipts in most of them Ufas the first time set in the 100 ^fter 14 weeks of the tiaining yard pick a back and it was de superb improvement was made in cieased to 23 6 In the 300 yaid All of the obstacles In fact, all of dash the tiamees started with a the trainees averaged better tfian time of 49 8 seconds and improved the aimy standards set it to 42 8 The aimy lequirements ^evjeral Tests were 26 seconds foi the pick a back ) The army tests consist of seven and 46 seconds f01 the 300 yard lun tests They are the burpee (or When Chief Clevett was asked
why such a notable improvemerlt was made m all tests he could only say that because the program was held outside dunng the summer term the men had more time to run around and this developed their wind He said the P E department was trying to build up the muscles in the arms and shoulders and It looked as if they had succeeded in doing it This is most improvement that any group has made since the physical preparedness program has been in operation
Girdtodstand Echoes I By Kay Smith FOOTBALL TEAM NEARS UNBLEMISHED RECORD
Tam Mannfeld Sfdrs For Boilermakers
Games with Wisconsin and Minnesota that were played duiing the vaca- By Bill Garber, A/S tion brought the Bmlermakers two steps closer to the Western Conference a score of 31, a strong Notre Dame team narrowly noscd title and to the first undefeated, untied season in a good many years The ^ ,,,,, Wisconsin game saw the powerful Tony Butkovich cut loose with thiee Boilermaker cross country squad Saturday morning more touchdowns to establish a pew Big Ten scoring lecord with 78 the Riveter 4-mile course for the Indiana Big State Champoipts in five games pionship Indiana, the only other school entered, trailed with It was the biggest^test that the Boilei makers encountered this season a score of 63, to the Riveters’ 33 Although entry blanks Were when they faced the Minnesota Gopheis last Saturday foi it was prae ^^her smaller schools, for the Little State Champion-
YOOn Me. fSPORT SHOP
OVR low PRICE
BACK THE ATTACK — WITH WAR BONDS
?32 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE
Pfac^mejit Notes For Women Mis Mary Taylor Swoboda, a lepresentative of the National Nursing Council foi War Service, New York City, Will be on the campus Monday and Tuesday, November 8 and 9 On Monday at 4 in Room 263 Of the Union she is to speqk to all interested women students concerning opportunities in the United States Cadet Nurse Corps All interested women are urged to attend Individual appointments may be made by calling the Placement Service for Women —2?56 The Army lequires 2000 trained nurses every month foi military and home front duties The United States IS offering opportunity to gills to train with minimum cost to themselves as cadet nurses
tically a new team that tfcok the field When such men as Bukovich, Alex Agase and John Gems are removed from the starting lineup, it is not pos siblC to reach out into the squad and pick out three players that are of equal caliber With all conditions being taken into consideration the team and the coaches deserve all the credit m the world for coming thiough with a victory over the Gophers The Minnesota eleven played inspired
ball before a Homecoming crowd on a snow covered field
TEAM PLAYS FIRST GAME IN SNOW
It was the first time this season that the Riveters were forced to play
in the snow
are accustomed to such weather and had a slight advantage on that count The Gophers had everything to gain in (;his game and nothing to lose
Notices
WAA Council meeting Tuesday at 4 p m m WAA office Important —BKACKMAN
ships, due to the lack of manpower all were returned with regrets The weather was
rainy and cool.
Frank Martin of Notre Dame won the meet with 21 minutes and thiee seconds Second was Tom
of the Riveter hamers
Once they tied the score they fought desperately to stave off furthei scA office There will be an election of _ , „ a officers OTToc-r
Riveter scormg
fell
the muddy underfooting
Bring dues and flight fees
—9CHROEDER
Hometown Grand Folks, N D, proudly lan an article on Big Bill O’Keefe Quoting from the Lafayette Journal and Courier, the Dakota Student lepeated “ Bill was a big fellow, standing 6 2 and weighing 200 pounds ” However, they neglected to mention he was a Sigma Chi Gosh dam
Christian Science Organization Regular Manfeld
This was also true of the Minnesota squad, but the Gophers meeting to be held m the East Faculty
Lounge Tuesday November 9 at 7 30 p m With 21 minutes and 11 seconds SCHWANDT Until the last 200 yards, Martin SCA Meeting Tuesday at ^n ]ed the pack, but at this point
-BURKLER Mannfeld came up to sprint ahead
All during the contest Sam Vacanti was having tiouble hitting the Comers Gm the^lT^f tur^ Man^eirSiwtS mark with his passes, with most of them being shoit Howevei, Sam made slipped and
good with one pass that had a net yardage gain of 18 yards This pass i,erso Novem
meant more than an 18 yard gain to the Riveters, for it was the pass •'oom number caught by Btabe Dimancheff that enabled the team to continue on its way
for an unbeaten, untied season There is a gieat deal to be said for a „ instruction classes m Beginners ball team that Will fight right up until the final gun It is such determma (12 w p m) Code instruction are being .1 , , .i ^ ,
tinu that- TTiakps a winninff ball club and Boilermakeis ceitainlv bavp Sections will meet two (2) hours tne lead, the Boilermakers would
tion tnat maxes a winning nan ciun, ana coiieimaKeis ceitainiy nave p„ weeks Monday tbrougb Friday at 4 and havp tipd Mntrp naTvip just that P m Classes will begin Monday Novem iNOOre Uame At this tube only one obstacle lies in the path to a perfect season and (6)^ weeS^ Sign‘^up*in“tbe°Supp?y'R*oom*m Leaves Team
thta is Indiana We must give Bo MeMillin ciedit foi the team that he Non m'.T.ta'ry a'udents^re weic^ml”’'""' Former pacemaker for the Boilerhas developed, but we are certain that it is not good enough to pull an —hesterberg makers Tom Judge, who had lead upset The fellows on the team have too much to gam by a victoiy over Aeromodeiers M^i^ Wednesday No team in two consecutive victhe Hoosieis to permit an upset The successful clearance of the final Eve?ybody‘^mv.ted'" ''““’"Jgrey’’® Indiana, was
obstacle will make the season more than perfect ^ ~
CROSS COUNTRY TEAM IN ACTION
fore he could regain his feet Martin had regained his lead and was never
Had Mannfeld kept
To get away from the football team for a short time we should turn to the cross country team that seems to have been lunmng each after noon without getting veiy much publicity Coach Heim Phillips’ run ners were hosts foi the State meet last Saturday, and followed Notre
missing fiom the meet as he had been transferred to DePauw the week previously in the Navy Air
pew Bowling Class All classes meet at Cadet program
Pi Kappa Phi Meeting Tuesday Novem ber 9 at 7 p m in room 363 of the Union
—CRAVEN
Women s Gym the week of November 8
—HAZELTON
Kappa Delta Rho Fraternity Meeting in
Dame in the standings The squad was without the seivices of Tom room 212 of tbe Union Tuesday Novembers Judge who was tiansfeired to DePauw last week at the end of the se ^ —Johnson
mester Tom Mannfeld has developed into a fine lunnei this season and
was the first Boilermaker to cross the finish line
TRY AN EXPONENT
CLASSIFIED
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MIUER MUSIC CO.
514 Main Lafayette
Phone 7917
STRAUSS SAYS : IT'S ONE DAY NEARER
VICTORY
A Catalog of Naval Uniforms and Accessories With Our Compliments
Anderson’s 1st Class 24 hr. Service
Satisfied Customers II Smiles from Everyone
Parts for All Needs!
PETER ANDERSON CO. Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
The fiist 20 men, in order of their rank, aie as follows Frank Martin N D , Tom Mannfeld, P , John Lyons, N D , Eiic Ericsson, P , Walter Biehmei, N D , John Lescak, I , J Wahl, P , Robert Walteis, I, W Haynes, P , Wyman Kunglei, N D , J Kennedy, P , Mike Kieley, N D , William Biele, P , Kenneth Remeck I , Roger DeWolf, N D , Mike Halgas, I , C Davis P J Neilson, P, Horace Bunnell I, and Robert Baikes, I Next Saturday the Riveters will journey to the Windy City of Chicago to take pait in the Big Nine Conference cioss country meet
Dances
(Continued from page 1) iiculai activities, the Univeisity has many to offer The Exponent, the Univeisity newspaper, will welcome seivice men who wish to woik in any capacity No experience is necessary foi the contiibutors Other Activities
THE MIN'S STORE IS A NAVY APPOINTEE
for this area-to present Officers' Uniforms ancf Accessories under the Naval Plan.
It IS a basically sound — "logistic" procedure — from Navy—to Manufacturer — to Retader and to the Navy — completing the circuit in a direct route
PRICES DIRECTED BY THE U S NAVY
Navy blue unifoim Ovei coats Officeis’ blue cap Navy Aviation woik unifoim Raincoat with detachable wool linmg Officeis’ white cap Ensign Biaid 990 with stai
The Clothes have a world of character — soft, pliant, with a smart bearing — fit — with a backbone of tailoring thgt will see them through long and hard endeavors
40 00 50 00
11 oO
50 00
The Man's Store brings to Military Clothes — the fullness of its experience — the completeness of Its facilities—including an Alteration and Fitting Service that can perform miracles in emergencies
37 50
10 50
L. STRAUSS & CO., INC. THE MAN'S STORE
Any fellows with dramatic or stageciaft ability, developed or un developed will find the Playshop, the campus diamatic gioup the piopei oiganization with whom to spend spaie houis fiom school woil Foi the political minded the Student Senate and the othex branches of the local student government are wide open to soldiers, sailors and maimes Theie aie enough service men on the campus to warrant some interest in the lunning of campus affaiis The ASTP dance oichestra, started last semestei, and which was such a success at ‘ Khaki on the Kampus ” can always use some good musicians It is expected that T/5 Hal Coopei man’s band will be playing many times during the coming teim and the bigger the better Sailois and maiines may find their musical home in the combined band which has played at the home football games and for Music Hall enteitamments In addition the Puidue Engineer, the Debus and any and all activities aie open to seivice men since they aie in fact legulai students Despite the intensity of the army, navy and maiine educational piogiams theie is plenty of extia time which can be piofitably spent in extiacuiiiculai activities and enteitamment Lafayette in addition to the USO, offeis five movie houses and many establishments of eating lefxeshments et ceteia The shows vary iiom westerns to fiist lun pictuies and one’s mood lesults m the pioper choice Depaitment stoies soda fountains and the noimal small town activities aie piesent Theie aie things to be done and the cuiious will find them Theie is even in old m iseum which may be of Intel est to some Those mteiested in spoits may tuin to the spoits page while those mteiested m the countiy life will have to discovei that foi themselves.
3 95
I N D lANAPO LI S
"ONE OF THE GREAT MILITARY SHOPS OF AMERICA'*
Buy War Bonds And Stamps.4 i y //’i •,« / u
wTwm» f ■ff S, i*'' ^ 4 (isJ
!^rmy. Navy, Marine News
^ 4
For Service Men, By Service Men
Tuesday, November 9, 1943
Classified Ads
Money to Loon On diamonds, watches, aims lueasRe typewriters Albert’s Xoan Office 407 Columbia Typewriters Adding macnmes all makes told rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 60B Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
Waiters Wanted- " 24
-Apply to Rosenbaum
Wanted—Students to work in Union Cafe tena and also on army and namy lines 45 to 60 cents per hour Lost—Pi Beta Phi pm Encraved on back Mary Jean Caldwell Phone o041 Student Help Wanted—Male part time Apply Mr Crockett Puidue Memorial Union office 4 p m to 11 p m Exchange Post At the Univeisitv of Kentucky, a suivey was made with some in teresting lesults Question Who is youi favoiite pin up gill and why Cpl William W Ryan Patteison hall Shiilev Temple cause I’m a film believei in getting them young and bunging them up light Cpl Duke Wyman ROTC Jane Russell—that’s a foolish question J C Doyle A&S Junioi Lana Tuinei, she’s got that “come on” look you know the honey type Pvt Mai tin Dudeh Bieckimidge hall Betty Grable, she typifies eveiy cuive in analytic geometiy Pvt Shelley Shochet Biadley hall Gypsy Rose Lee—needs no ex planation
The Forum By Pfe Gabriel Elias Why Educai-ion The question that we asked all thiough last teim has been revived by the newcomers, “What do we get foi oui studies’ What’s going to happen to us aftei we giaduate’”
they ask
The attitude uiideilymg such questions is similai to that we encounteied among the civilian popu lation duiing oui fui lough Most civiliansSnsisted “Suiely you’ie being trained foi post wai work You don’t think the seivices will give you something for nothing ” No amount of explanation could coriect this mismteipietation in the minds of the self satisfied know it alls What these rumor spreaders do not realize is that we are the army, navy and marines We are the United States When the services, when the United States government, gives something to its people, it is not giving anything for nothing Just as John Jones cannot give himself something for nothing, so is it impossible for us, the people, and us, the service men, to get anything for nothing from the government or from our sen ices When the seivice men ask their question “What do we get foi studying’” they aie committing Patronize Exponent Advertisers
the same eiior as the civilians, in a conveise form We are npt in -the services, we aie not Ameiicans, to help ouiselvGS as individuals We aie out to do a job and we’ll do whatevei is lequiied of us to get that job done If in the process of doing oui bit we get latings or commissions oi useful tiaining that IS all to the good, but that is only an incidental foituitous by product
of oui piimary interest
We do not know Many of us may get swell breaks as a result of OUI studies Others may go back to the troops with nothing tangible (if intangibility consists of money in the pocket) to show But regardless of whether we’ll be able to display additional stupes or a pair of bars as a result of our studies, there IS one thing we’ll certainly have—■
an invaluable education
Most of us realize this, and many of us know that this is justification enough for our studying But there
exist many who are not interested in studying. To these the answer IS, “the way to the troops is easy.” Most of us have gone to colleges in civilian life The civilian authorities promised us nothing but knowledge, and we were glad to get that. Many, of course, elected not to go to college because education did npt attract them It is to be expected that some of that disinterested type will find their way in the AST and V programs They are the ones who can rightfully ask, “What am I getting for studjing’” for they are the ones who would not study of their own initative It seems unfortunate to us that the answer to these disinterested boys cannot be “Nothing ” Indications are that we are being trained for specific purposes we regretfully admit It would be better, we sometimes think, if we could weed out of these programs those men who have no interest in education
and knowledge, leaving the universities to those who recognize a great break when they see one All the civilian talk to the effect that the services would not give us anything for nothing—and all this service man bunk to the effect that a fellow can’t be expected to study for nothing, misses the essential point It fails to realize that we are members of this great family called the United States Nothing the government can give us can be too much because we are the government, we are the people Without us there would be no United States The United States is not a set of artificial boundaries, it is the people who live within those boundaries Americanism is not flag waving or a blind preference foi geographic sympols Ameiicanism consists of the ideals of equalit^f of opportunity and freedom towards which we are striving Just as the government cannot
give us too much, so is it impossible for us to give too much to it We prepare ourselves not for the immediate end primarily, not for the promotioiis it will win us We prepare ourselves in older to supply our great family, our government, a better reservoir of trained manpower from which to select its experts when and if it needs them John Jones cannot be accused of
giving his feet something for noth- thing.
ing if he trains them on long hikes to be strong and sturdy. His legs are part of him. Conversely, John Jones’s legs cannot refuse to take the training unless offered a con^ Crete reward by Mr. Jones; for, after all, legs and Jones are one and
the same.
Similarly, people and government are one and the same; or, rather,t different manifestations of the same
SERVICE HIIHCARRY
TRAVELERS CHEQUES li No matter what branch of the service you are headed for, you will find AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES the best way to carry your travel money They are not only spendable everywhere, but they have an important safety feature that protects you It is this if they ate lost or stolen, you get a prompt refund Issue’d in denominations of $10, $20, $50 and $100 Cost 75^ for each $100 l^i^um cost 40f‘ for $10 to $50 For sale at banks and Railway Express 1 ' AiSERIMN tXPRESSi ''TRAVELERS’CHEaUES-
Soldiers, Sailors. Marines
Exponent Service Staff All Servicemen, with or without newspaper experience, come down to the Exponent Office to write for your paper—contribute as you wish, or become a member of the regular staff.
Exponent office is in the sub-basement of the Union. Drop in this >J(^dnesday or Eriday from 4 to 7 p. m.
GET ACOUAIIVTED WITH THIEME’S EXTRA SHEER RAYON MESH HOSIERY
$1.11
pair
They’ie woven of a high twist rayon in a fine mesh weave that gives smooth fit to keep busy feet trim and flattered Full fashioned, mercerized cotton toe for long service Sound values at a sound price' Thieme & Wangerin 622-626 Main Street
WANTED STUDENT HELP AT 60c PER HOUR MUST HAVE FULL HALF DAYS AVAILABLE ANY DAY OF WEEK OR ANY COMBINATION OF DAYS. PHONE MR. REITHER AT 2301
f p I
' I