» 4
Promising that the contest will be a first class floor show, E. :Aflams, ■D.ebris.busiriess manager,\anfioux|,Ged'iastaiight that the anjqiual i)e)ixris beauty .cfifit^ will be staged Saturday, November.ija the Music Jiall. - Besides the display of the University’sibbest in coed .b,eauty, a large portion of the evening .will be devoted to mijisic by Bobby Byrne’s band and novelty and comedy acts by pro-
fessional entertainers. The full pro-
g^aiii Mil be .announced at .a jater date When all of the performers’ epntracts have been Returned.
Aiiy Coed'M.ay Enter
'- iThis year, any cped^with the exemption’ of f oriiier Debris, 'queens iriay ■ enter, fhere is a lii^itatibh on the’ntimber from one organization. Entries may be submitted any i day this 'week'utttil Friday evening at 6 p. m. at the box,provided for this
Hoof and Jlorn, honorary organi-
purpose at the west desk of the ^^tiop fqr animal husbandry stuUnion.'Entry blanks Should include dents, wpl stage the anpual ^‘Little the’-'bontestant’S name, address, Ipterhatlonal” 'puesddy, Nov- 18 at telephone number, and orgahiza- p-in. in the fLiyeStbek. Judging tidhi’ : ■ ' ' Pdvilion on the University Farm. Preliminaries Next Tuesday ■ Tbe show is a preview of tjie live- ' Preliminaries wili be held Tues- ®toCk which the’ University will ddy, November 18, at 7 p. m. in the at the Internationa.1 in ChiUnion ballrooms at which time iMd-5. thirty-two will be chosen to com- Metebers of Hoof apd Horn and bete' iri the. finals. Judges' for the the ahnrfal fiusbapdry staff will depreliminaries will be composed of the animals shown, which ihtiniyersity staff members and local elude 40 fat barrows of five breeds, photographers. 15 head of sheep representing thi-ee Contrary to hopes that this year’s breeds, 10 fat steeys of three breeds, contest would be conducted in |5ath- 12 hpnU ’bf hm-«Ps
and 12 head of horses representifig the Percheroh and Belgian breeds.
Go To Internationai .
■'with the exceptibn of horses, which do not qualify in the University program of showing only market classes', all the previewed livestock will be shipped to the Inter-
mg suits, forinals ■ wilt again ' be worn. The preliminaries are not open to the ‘ public, but admission can be gained to the finals upon
payment of thirty-five cents.
In oyder to devote more time to the floor show, the contestants will
be presented in groups instead of after the local show,
one by one as in the past corit'ests. That is, according to present plans, the fii'st time the would-be queens come out on the stage,' all thirtytwo will come out; then'they will retire, and while the judgbs decide which sixteen to eliminate, a show will be presented. Then sixteen coeds come out tb face the .■judges, elimination continuing until
only the queens remain..
Guidance ConferpQs Will Meet Here joiniiy Next Friday, Saturday Ujiiyersity Guidance Conference
and Kiwanis Vocational Guidance Conference will meet together on the campus next Friday and Saturday. Delegates, primarily school executives, will discuss new methods and ideas in handling of voca-
tional guidance programs. President Elliott will present his
address of welcome at 1:30 Friday afternoon in the West Faculty Lounge of the Home Economics Building at 6 p. m. Mr. RosCoe
Pulliam,'president of Southern Illi- Dairy Exposition, held in Toronto, nois Normal University, will speak Canada, and the National Dairy bn “Npw Frontiers for the Guid- Show, held in lyfeinphis, Tenn., will ance Movement.” ■ be given tonight at 7:30 in room 108 Anyone may receive the printed of Smith Hall by menlbers of the pl'oceedings of this conference by dairy pi’oducts judging teams who registering, j.t.k. competed in the shows recently. Curio^s Q^es, Take Note
First of a series of open fpriim lectures presented by I«,l]bl Foundation will feature as the main speakci! Prof. Irving Fineman, of Bennington College, Bennington,, Vt. The meeting will be held Thursday evening at 8 o’clock in the assembly hall of the University Presbyterian Church, 320 North Street. Prof. Fineman has written several novels and scenarios, has been a contributer to periodicals, and has seryed as an engineer in Canada and the United States. A g-raduate of Harvai'd and M.I.T., he is a fbrn*ier national president of Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity. “Why Read, Why Write ?” is the subject of his
lecture Thursday, a.l.w.
Dairy Judging Tearn Tq Report On Shows Reports on the International
P(ir()(]i^6 Of Mysterious Silver Cable
]By Bob Bbswihkle "If you are an alert individual,.or just plain nosey, Elt least once dhring this'past week you have poked your head 'down an open manhole where a big drum with a long roll of silvery cable was sitting. Perhaps you saw the cable disapiiearing down a gloomy tunnel, and looked for more things to happen. Probably, when they didn’t, you went on to class wondering what strange mission the University was engaged in now. Emerge To Daylight—Cornered Yesterday afternoon, in a fit of mad curiosity, we dashed breathlessly over to where the .big drum was sitting and watched one Bill Eldridge and his helper crawling out of a dank underground passage.way. Bill is the foreman of the gang of little men who dash about in the dark'hole all day. He said, sure, he would break down and give us all sorts of information. Installing Switchboard The first thing we asked him was what in the (censored) he was doin^'? He'told us tha^ the drum has been sitting at vario'us places along •the tuhnel route frorn Btate Stybet, and it has cable wound around it.
We said, yes,' we knew that. He went on to -sky thkt he was from the telephone company and that they were laying this cable around under the campus, working on a system whereby the many little telephone switchboards in the buildings on the campus would be scrapped in favor of one central switchboard in the Administration
Building.
The little cable, he told us, has 600 wires entwined inside it, and in some places the wires numbered 1,200. We took his word for the number, not having time to count them. After the cable gets laid where it is supposed to be, then comes the delightful task of figuring just what each of those 1,200 wires is supposed to hook up to. Next Week? No! It was then that we upped with an, “Oh, then you won’t get done next week?” “No, not quite,” said Bill, “but we should get it finished in a year.” That made piiv face red and we left before we had time to find out how ihany times' the numerous wires, if placed end to end; would wrap around the stadium.
Andlierijce Of )60QP Mear G Sharp Minor Prelude Sergei Vassilievich Rachmaninoff, Russian-boarn pianist-conduct-or, presented a progi’ani. of piano, music to a capacity audience at the third Univefsity convocation in the Music. Hall Sunday afterqopn. Included on the program were three of his own compositions, “Humoresque,” “Daisies,” and “Oriental Sketch-.” Rachmaninoff also played.seyeral Chopin and Beethoven compositions. ' Encores Appreciated Probably the most appreciated were his encores, his. own “Prelude in C Sharp Minor” and RimskyKorsakoff’s “.The Flight of the Bumble-Bee.” \ .His. program, made up of mostly unfamiliar numbers, displayed his unusual technique and finger nim- ' bleness. “The Trout” by SchubertLiszt, and “The Flight of the Bumble-Bee!’ consisted mainly of runs and trills at which he was particularly adept. Rachmaninoff gained early fame as a conductor for the Moscow Symphony Orchestra and the Moscow Private Opera in Russia. He recently refused an offer to conduct the Boston Symphony orchestra in favor of being a concert pianist and
composer.
He is now a citizen of the United States having been exiled from his native land following the revolution of 1,919. a.c. James W. Parker, National President, Will Address ASME James W. Parker of Detroit, na-. tional president-elect of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, will speak on'“Attack on Bewilderment” at 11 a. m. Friday before the University student branch of the ASME. Prof. H. A. Bolz, honorary chairman and member of the executive committee of the central Indiana section of the ASME, will
act as host.,
Parker will be the guest of honor at a luncheon in the chestnut room of the Union at 12 noon. As ASME president, he will succeed William A. Hanley, University trustee. Parker is scheduled to address the Central Indiana Section of the ASME in Indianapolis Friday evening qh the topic, “ASME Confronts a Fork in the Road.” d.l.g. Pep Session Committee . . . wifi meet today at 7 p. m. in the Student Union office to plan this week’s pep session. University Parents' Association Adopts Statement Of Policy Purdue Parents’ Association Executive Council voted to formulate a parents’ statement of policy oh “What they expected their son or daughter to derive from their- collegiate training.” The statement was formulated at the suggestion of President E.^'^C. Elliott made when he addressed the council Friday. lie especially urged the parents to learn ’vvhat their sons or daughters were getting from their collegiate work, ’ Paul F- Royster, Lafayette, who was re-elected president of the council at the. meeting, named a committee to draft the “declaration of principles” and present it to the University. ' New Council Members Claude R. Wickard, U. S. Secretary of Agriculture, and Lt. Governor C. M. Dawson, who both have children in the University, were added to the council. Other new members of the council are: R. W. Feik, East Chicage, school superintendent; A. P. Irmscher, South Bend; Mrs. Wm. Krull, Hobart; Mrs. C. E. Breedlove, Detroit; Mrs. Everett Porter, Oak Park, III.; Mrs. B. E. Traschel, P'ranklin, Pa.; and A. W. Kimmel, Dayton, G. Clyde Timmons . . . will speak before the weekly Entomology Seminar today at 4 p. m. on “Economic History of Entomology in-the United States.”
On exhibit in the' music room of the Union this week is a group of photographs, comprised of prize winners, honorable nientipris,' and unusual subjects and techniques. These pictures were eritries in the Camera Club photography contest, in one of the t’^vo'divisions, student or faculty. ' First prize winner of the faculty division, taken by R. E. Pfo.st, ’Was a picture of a worker with his machine, titled “Tlje Grinder,’’’ -with only the light pf .the sparks to provide unusual illumination. Other examples of his work jn the exhibit include two pictures of small children. Second Prize Prof. Alma Long pf the education and applied psychology department entered several pictures of New England scenes, receiving second prize for her efforts. F. I. Goldsnrith, assistant dean of men, was awarded third prize. J. H- Greveling, first prize winner in the student section, tpok a photograph of himself, arranging lights, setting, and adjusting his camera. Robert .Crow captured second, prize in the student division with his outdoor view “At Rest.” Third prize was taken by Jack Cpates with a Irortrait “Delia.” Exhibits Vary Photographs in the exhibit vary in subject from inanimate objects and scenes to portraits ofi children and old wpmen. The exhibit may be Seen in the music room until tomorrow. Judges for the contest were Sweeney of the Lafayette Journal Courier, Verne Brightweiser, of the West Side branch of the Foster Shop, and Dr. J. Eckel of the chemistry and metallurgical department, who conducts classes in photography at the University, a.l.w.
Hybrid Crop Contest In Ag Hall Saturday Ceres Crop Judging Cqnt^st, open to all students, will be held Saturday in room 208 and ‘211 of Agriculture Hall, Entry cards for the contest may be procured froin Professor Robbins or Ceres pledges and members. All cards are to be returned by Friday at 4 p. m. Two Classes ^ Judgers will be divided into two classes, freshman-sophomore and junior-senior. Freshmen and sophomores will judge one class oS five single ears of corn and one class of three samples each of shelled hybrid corn, market shelled corn, soybeans, and wheat. Juniors arid seniors will judge one class of six single ears of corn and one class of four samples each of shelled hybrid seed, market shelled corn, soybeans, and wheat. A written quiz, counting one-sixth of the final score will be given covering the production and uses of the crops judged. Winners Announced Next Tuesday Contest winners will be anqounced at the Little International to.be held Tuesday, Nov. 18, in the Livestock Pavilion. Contes,tanls receiving first and second placement in each class will be awarded medals and the names of the winners of each class will be engi’aved on .the trophies presented for that purpose. Wampner Will Addresf Chem Honorary Meeting H. L. Wampper will speak at the November meeting of Phi Lambda Upsilqn at 7:30 p. m- Thursday hi room 106 of the Chemistry Build-
ing.
Wampner is in charge of research on consumer goods for the Commercial Solvents Corporation. .His address will be on emulsions, including the theory and applications oi' various emulsifying agents such as the-nitro-paraffin derivatives, a.l.s.
Yeteran fp Present lAekican y/ar Flap Ral^i Simon To Talk ^ programs wijil cpip.mem,ora,te the .signing of the Armistice and j^pn.or the Uniyersityj’.s World War dpad today, a military cerempny this morning at Ifl: 5,9 jn -tliie Great itl.all of the Union and a banquet this evening at 6 when J^bbi Meyer 11. Simon will
speab-
At the close of the military ceremony, the flag of Battery B, a unit of University men who fought in Mexico in 1916, will be presented to the University by Dr. J, Holmes Martin, ’17, who ■was a niember pf the' battery and is .pow'fiead of the poultry department. Accepting the flag, bn behalf of the Up.i.ve.r?ity will be Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president. The -flag will be placed in a specially built hexagonal glass case in the Great Hall of the Union. The memorial cerempny, conducted by the military department, Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard and Blade, wilt begin at 10:55 with the lowering of the'flag to fialf rnast by the enlisted detachment. At 10:58 a one-minute drum roll will begin and guards of Scabbard and Blade will halt all traffic through the Union for the duration of the ceremony. Immediately upon the beginning of the drum roll, a Guard of Il.onor formed of Cadet Colonel A. A. Tofip, Cadet Lt. Colonel W- L. Sullivan and four cadet officers will advance to the bronze memorial tablet bearing the names of the University’s wai’, dead and place a wreath in front of it. The bugler will then play “Attention” and at precisely 11 PQMM will fire a 2l-gun salute of 75 ipm guns from a position in front of the Library. The bugler will then plky “Taps” while the flag is raised to full staff. • ■ • . ■ ’ Starek To Read Names Names of the honored dead- will be read from the bronze tablet by Roscoe B. Starek, president of the Student Union and’ a short address will be given by Prbf. V. L. Xlbjerg on the subject, of'“Nightmares of the Unknown Soldiers.” “Recall” by the bugler will conclude the exer- ' cises". . ■ . ^ During the gun salute, all campus activities will cease mpmentqi’ily to pay respect. Pedestrians are to stop in their places and classes will halt. Students, faculty and townspeople desiring tb witness the ceremony are cautioned of.thq importance of promptness because of the guards which will be on duty at all entrances to the Union. The program will be bro*dcast over WBAA, Rabbi'Meyer H. Sipion will speak at the Armistice Day banquet held this evening in the Home Economics Building cafeteria under the sponsorship of the Peace' Committee of the Purdue Religious Council. In addition to being iRabbi of Temple Israel, Simon is also direc-'' tor of tbe Hillel Foundation and president of the Lafayette Kiwanis iCluh./k.k.
Purdue Players Laboratory gi'oiip will present . “RUR” (Rossum’s -Universal Robots) free of charge for the general public this Thursday at 8:30 p. m. and Saturday at 8' p. ifi. First play of its type to be given on Playbhbp stage for the last four years, “RUR*’ is the laboratory ^project scheduled for this semester. Stage settings for the production .a;ff,qrd-. a sharp contrast, with different levels, columns, and black drapes. Samuel M- Marks, assistant Playshop director, designed the the settings for the drama. Marks Directs Group ' Marks is alsq director of the lab group, arid: Jo Storig is ktudent director. Assisting her are Dick Sid■well, manager;'' Jack Neuriian, set building arid painting; Elizabeth Kissam', properties; arid Dick Reul, lighting. The plays are produced under faculty supervision, hut stu^ dents do all work involved. The cast in part is as'follows; Domin, played by Leon -J’hprp.e; Alquist, Constantine Tsaras; Dr. Gall, Karold YV^arreri; F^ry, -Vince Wall; Busman, David Coil; Radius, Ernest Nordlinger; Mririus, Wallace Cook; Pririius, Jairies Robert 'Wood; First Robot, Ralph Simpson; Second Robot, Rudolph McRoberts; Helena" Glory, Rbperta Lewis; Helena (Robot), Roberta Lewis; Sulla, Mary Ann Click; Nana, Lois Jane Vaughn, a.l.w. £^/e Knguse, Mepa Engineer, To Speak Tp AIEE fpmgrrpyy AIEE will feature Dale Knousc, chief engineer of the Aluminum Company of America, at its meeting tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engirieering Building. Following the address there will be a gerieral discussion with group questions. :Knopse will speak on power requii'erperits of tbe^ growing aluminum companies of' Arnerica. ’ The Laf ayefte - branch of tfie Aluminum Company is an e’xample of the rapidly growing industry whose urgent problems are interesting many engineers. ■The local factory, has become one of the largest plants of its kind in the country, extruding struc.tural shapes in aluminum, but will require only a small proportion of the large increase in engineering personriel demanded by the skyrocketing industry, g.w.s. kf P. Thompson ,.:. . BS ’40, has completed .the second leg of his fiyi.ng instruction at Goodfellow Field, basic jBying schbol at San Angelo, Texas, ,a,nd has been ordered to Bi-poks Field, Texas, where he will enter'the final ten months of advanced flight training.
Silver JPisli Awardf4 ^To Kappa Alplia mefa's Lafayette Pan-Hellenic Council honored the seholastic achievement.'? of campus sororities at a banquet in the Union last night. Mr.s. Robert Wild, whb is active in Pan-Hel-lenic work in the middle west and a member of Pi Beta Phi, spoke! Kappa Alpha Theta was awarded a silver cpmp.Ote dish for having the^ highest scholastic average for the year 1940-41. This is the second year that they have received thi.s’ award. Ppnpred For High Index Rpseinary Anderson, Alpha Chi Omega, .received three books in recognition of having the highest accupiulative average for a senior sorority girl. Her average is 6-18. Mrs. Robert Wild outline.d a prograni for the future for .fratennties. She said that scholarship should be considered first, and that character, leadership, and culture should follow. Singing Roll Call . Approximately 4()0 active members and . alumnae Pan-Hellenic members att'eriJed the banquet. The active, chapters, responded to roil call by singing their sorority songs. Mrs. Stanley Greeri was chairman of the dinner, with Mrs. John Skinner in charge of the program ami Francis WdlM?b presenting the awards. 'yhe banquet wasjclosed with the rea'ding of'the Pan-Hel!,enic creed and singing of “Hail Purdue.” a.c.
All remaining tickets for both the Wisconsin game at Madi:-ion next Saturday and the Indiana finale at Bloomington the following Auturday, Nov. 22, have been placed bn sale over the counter at .the ticket ofiice iit the Fieidhpuse. Reserved seats for the Wisconsin game are priced at ?2,75 each and for the Indiana game at Is.bp each, both pricc.s including Federal tax.
Art Guild Presents Little Movie ConvQ
First Little Movie Convocation will be held in the Music Hall today inrfead of Eliza Fowler Hall as preyipusly announced. The progr'ani, sppnsbred by the Student Art Guild arid Student Union, wilt start at 7:30 p. .in. Six Films On Program Making up the first program arc six filrris wlilch ,gNe a brief picture of the development of American piQvies. They are: “Rescue from an Eagle’s Nest,” “The Tramp,” starririg* Charlie Chaplin; “PlaneCrazy,” the fii'st Mickey Mouse short; “The Country Cousin,” a later Mickey Mouse film; “The Plow that'Broke the Plains,” a government documentary film; and “March pf Time No.’2.’’, This announcement affects members only, as the stock of subscriptions has been sold out far the present. g.w.s.
oppe Plays j?|fere Capacity Crowd; In Shots
By George Starr When your reporter arrived on the scene all available space was janqiacked, referring, of course to the south ballroom of the Upi.pn last night. Standing room only was a fitting tribute to the performance of the great billiard master, Willie Hoppe, who astonished an audience made up largely of noyices. Hoppe demonstrated his skill by playing exhibition matches with two students of no mean ability, Passen and Forbes, campus champions. In the first match Hoppe, playing 18.2 balkline, defeated Forbes playing straightrail, 18 to 2. The second match, was won by Hoppe (who else?) 40 to 17. This was a three cushion match between
■Hoppe and Passen. Dad Whitney, of the Union billiard room, verified our belief t.hqt Passep .played very well. . On further questioning Dad Whitney said tbat last night’s crowd was the largest ever to witness a billiard exhibition at the University. T-he attendarice was estim.a.ted to be in the neighborhood of i'jfiO. After the ipatcbes Hoppe demon'stra.ted a weird assortniqnt of tricks that highlighted the.exhibition- If your .repo.rtet was acquaiated with a few more tophnical terms ■you iqight know sopje of .the Ranieq given' to the difficult tricks gerfQrmed by Hoppe. Let it s'uffice to
say that that ball was curving and twisting around impossible corners to find its mark unerringly. Stewart Wolfi on behalf of WBAA, intei-viewed the champion, shooting questions of form and funuarri'entals to Hoppe. Hoppe said that after mastering some of the fundamentals, four hours of practice a day ■was the best advice he. could give to the erstwhile chamPiou. Willie Hoppe’s exhibition ought to stim.ulate high interest in tnlliards, and will undoubtedly add interest tp the exhibition by Charles Peterson on NdYrilfiber 26 which will also be sponsored by the aauie ' associations. g.w.s.% .
wmh ''4f I' #-
I'*''',, :
if:
J4l
t. i|8| fe;: ^f>r.
I'is’, ;4!‘’'
Ifh Colmmi
/ Uay and tlie United States will tioHv its lieM in tribnie at 11 a. in. Our Pi'esident has set this week aside to “Think about the Defense of Amei'icn.” Next week we can go back to thinking ■a bol:^ the ‘(Icfensc of England and Russia. Bevlin reppris that the German stages and schools been .^forbidden to use the play “William Tell” 'beeanse its laTKis the Swiss people—that will never do. .Next ihcy may try to prove the Swiss as the inferior , race by showdng that Swiss cheese isn’t, as .s.trqng a.s limburgher! Scap i,F now selJing- for 60 cents in Italy, and each pej's-an is allowed to buy one one cake at a time. If we had to pay 60 cents for soap—we’d think it Vvas a 'dirty .shame! ... Now that Germany has decided to shoot second, oiir ;iavy should do a lot of practicing. If we’re gonna shoot—ief.s make the first one good! * :,•! Jiitier was making speeclies the other day in his lioer linll. He told the British to try to invade any rime, tiioy v. nnt.pd to. Wo don’t, know how long he’d been in ilmrc before he .started to speak—but we do kr.ow, people who have said things they didn’t mean wiimi .in place.s like that! I’l tlio paper we see the headlines—' CHU.RCHILL SEES, U. S.. BRITISH, REDS TOGETHER IN WAR His doctor should warn him about eating pickles ai.id ice t'l i.nm lieforo going to .sleep! ■ :i; :|! 'v\':t !i o.itly 1,500,000 men under arms at the present tire , tire army has purchased over four million uni.re.mv-. Itrstead of having exams to get in the army, r'i-iO;,' 'ma;,' juist hand you a, suit and say, “If the uniform jlr;-—wear it!—j'.t.e.^
With Chicago Team The Purdue Gymnastic Club will hold an organization meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 105 of the Fieldhouse. All interested are invited to attend. Purdue Gymnastic Club, reorganized after a lapse of one yeai’, has finally come to life again and will start the season. off with a number
Everything U Happiness The truth of the matter has come out at last—France is very happy about the whole thing, > At least that’s the story distinguished Marcel Deat, pro-Nazi editor in Paris, is spreading in his paper about the situation in France. The Germans have not enslaved or oppressed his people, he says. Untold advantage.s have poured into the “new France” since German occupation, and the country now has more food, more clothes and more raw materials than “any other nation in
warring Europe.”
In fact, France’s downfall was a good thing, of exhibitions in preparation for as he, and all other intelligent Frenchmen of the highlights of the sphed-
realize now, and Gay Paree^and Mother
h ranee are just bursting with happiness. versity of Chicago at Bartlette All of which is clearly shown, it is 'to be Gym, Chicago, on the night of Jansupposed, by the shouting of M. Beat and M, uary 9, 1942. The University of Laval, the attempts on the lives of Nazi of- Chicago’s team is considered one of ficiale, the retaliate^ footing of “LS a.nd the desperate plea of Marshal Petain to intercollegiate chainpionship and the French people not to make trouble for several Big Ten championships in
the Germans overrunning their country. recent years.
The ukase issued on the state of the nation New Sponsor
by the French editor brings to mind the tale ^he Purdue Gym Club is also hap- • that is told of a letter written by an English ^ . . ^ wood will be its sponsor. With prisoner in a German concentration camp -doc” Eastwood as the sponsor, the (luring World War I. He told the folks back club will show the same spirit and home about how well things were going in enthusiasm that “Doc” has shown, camp, how nicely the officials treated him, Fi’ed Speyer who hails from how warmly they clothed him and richly fed f will bq,expected to count , . . . , . , V • .L 11, heavily on the parallel bars and him, giving him such luxuries as tea and but- tumbling. Fred’s exercises on the ter. parallel bars are of national chamThe letter concluded: “P. S. Uncle Ike was pionship style with enough difficulty shot last week for complaining.”—-Michigan any other parallel bar
Ratio3^3
Daily.
qi.
ItA
iap PC
SUMTOH RUY-eO-
Wk
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
SAE Elects Officers For Corriing Season
set up bases, repair shops, docks and everything else necessary for the landing of an American army, should that ever become necessary. That is the essential significance of the stream of men going to Afri-
ca. Some df them are staying on the h^ard a discussion of steam driven Atlantic coast, just south of Dakar, automobiles by Bill Savery and And it is no secret that these Amer- elected officers for the coming year ican-manned bases are to guard last meeting Thursday eve-
against the day when Hitler might ding.
want to hop the narrow south At- Officers are as follows: chairman, lantic to Brazil. James H. Roman; vice-chairman in
ixperf's. Possible AdvaEiee Guard Of AEF, Si-s'eamirjg Iflito Africa To Service U.S. Tanks , Vs'.'.SiiiNGTON, Nov. 10, 1941— of tlie most important but lit-tlt-hc I'alded' moves made by this iCauuVi.y recently is the steady .Atrearn of mechanics, aviators,tech.,)!!cinns Avhich has crossed to Africa ■to establish e-quipment and repair .bases in Egypt, Persia and the
Near East.
On the surface, this young army L- (o repair American tanks, i airplanes, and teach the British ! h.:r,v to operate them. This, in ‘ vi el!, is a most important fiihcitori, KiKce the British seem to ' ^lave a rare aptitude for gumming up American machinery. In the Iciter part of last summer the cki.ea! of the British, when they advanced on the Italians and ] Na;hs with 200 tanks near To- . wfi.s due almost entirely to fs.uKv handling of American ' I.Atik'. ’i he lanks w-ere brand new, I British had not taken suf- ' it pains to get acquainted
• New Russian Ambassador The appointment of Maxim Litvinov as New Russian Ambassador to the United States recalls the hitherto unpublished story about his negotiations with Roosevelt in
1933.
Litvinov was then foreign minister of Russia, and spent several days in the White House conferring, regarding the chief stumbling block—guarantees for religious worship. During the conferences, Broadway comedian Eddie Dowling, old personal friend of the President, came to the White' House, and Mrs. Roosevelt told him to go up to the Lincoln study and drop in on the Russian dis-
cussions,
Dowling was anxious to persuade Litvinov to send the famous Moscow ballet on a tour of the USA, and Roosevelt knew this in advance. So, introducing Dowling to the Rus-
champ. Frank Cortese, former par allel bar champion of New Jersey, will be right up with Fred and is expected to give him plenty of com-
petition.
Plenty Of Talent
Seth Anderson from LaGrange,
„ . , ~ ^ 1-: . Illinois, is a sure point winner on Society of Automotive Engineers -v . -lu i c , A, 1... 1. . _ 1 , the sidehorse with plenty of exper-
ience as # former member of the Sokol Gymnastic team of Chicago. Ray Kasnia of Chicago will also show some good work on the sidehorse. Lewis Ware, freshman from Winnetka, Illinois, will be the strong man in the tumbling event together with Fred Turner of Rochester, N. Y., and Wayne Brown from Indianapolis. Doc Haase of Winnetka, Illinois, is also a strong contender on the side-horse. Erwin Beyer, former national in-
tercollegiate champion, is the varHoover urging the shipment of food coach at the University of Chi-
charge of meetings, Allen S. Minor; vice-chairman in charge of publicity, Leonard W. Keil; vice-chair-man in chai’ge of membership, Walter L. Clearwaters; secretary-treas-
ure!’, Don B. Russell, s.b.
to Nazi-occupied Europe. Mr. Hoover’s generous franking benefactor—at the taxpayers’ expense—=is Nebraska’s rookie isolationist Senator Hugh A. Butler. This is the carefully guarded story: ■ On October 20, Butler inserted HooVer’s radio address in the Congressional Record. This opened the way for large quantity reprints by the Government Printing Office—at cost. Sure enough, a few days later Butler ordered 300,000 copies of the speech. The 300,000 reprints are now in
„ . ■ . j ,, 1-, ., , process of being mailed out all over sian foreign minister, the President i. , iu c- n u- ., ^ the country by the Senate Folding
said:
“This i.s my old friend Eddie Dowling who may go to Russia. When he does, I am going to give him a letter of introduction to your government.” “We’ll be delighted'to see him,” .shot back Litvinov. “But as an actor, Mr. Dowling won’t need your letter. We welcome the visit of artists. Now if you are sending us any bankers., then they will
need a letter.”
Room, at a cost,, estimated by the Post Office Department of $5,640 to taxpayers. But this isn’t the only expense for which they will be
soaked.
They will also have to .fork over $417 for the franked envelopes, which arc furnished Hoover, via Butler, free of charge. Another interesting angle is that Butler is using a mailing list sup-
plied by Emil Hurja, one-time offi- _ .
, T-, 1- , , (;ial of the Democratic National
Note—Dowling never persuaded ... u i n i i. ur-iii • • -
^ ^ , ,, Committee who bolted to Willkie in
1940 and now is an active isolation-
cago and expects a large crowd out to witness the meet against our club. The Chicago team will have a nuniber of outstanding gymnasts.
LETTERS TO THE
EDITOR
Editor, PurducjExponent: In regards to the Military Ball of 1941, I wish to enter a protest! In the capacity in which 1 served this last spring, I came to the understanding that the policy of the University is to give as many students as possible a chance to attend dances held in both balltooms of the Union now that the accominoda-
tioiis are possible. '
The grand opening of the new ballroom was held several years ago for which Tommy Dor.sey played for 1600 couples.' Last spring 1300 coiiple.s attended the Junior Pi’oin. In both of these cases, people were given practically all open opportunity to attend these dances, showing that the capacity of the ballrooms far exceed the mei'c possibility of
With the precipitation around here as it has been, indoor sports have taken a decided upturn. It is reported that the local constabulary has changed the speed signs to read knoTs, and that even the ducks have to get permission to walk across the airport. But to get back to indoor sports—that inseparable quartet, Dick DeGarmo, Ginny O’Bryan, Tom Cahill, and Marge Study were at it again the other eve. They are as much a part of Lamb’s as one of the barstools. . * >ii *' Incidentally, Tom has placed his Sigma Chi pin on Miss Study. Congratulations, folks! .1: :|! -1: If you can class an automobile as “indoorfi,” then Theta Ann Garland and her pin man Delt Dwight Zeller spend quite a bit .of time Out of the weather. Can’t say we blame ’em though. While mentioning cars, we’ll pause to let you know that the “race of the convertibles” is over. Gus Robinson has put his Theta Tau ring on Wally Callender. To the winner and the lady we offer congratulations and to Wes Spengler we give the sage advice of: “Better Buy Buick”—or better still: “Watch the Fords Go By.” •■I: :H X: . While most of the coeds tramp to class in those things they call boots and which the eds have a better name for, “Outdoor Girl” Jackie Wells makes hay in the rain by taking Bob Olson’s Beta pin. By the way—^Jackie is not a Theta as was erroneously reported in this column i^'ecently, but is one of those creatui’es affectionately known as Kappas. ■' . -J: Soniething we would like to know is why in the world Dottie Seib’s pin man, Ralph Nesler, chases Dottie Canfield hither and yon? Maybe it’s because they’re both named Dottie—or could it be something
else?
* * Maury “Lips” Hoffman of the Phi Kappas is quite an authority on indoor sports. He knows all the answers and a few that aren’t in the book. For good circumstantial evidence on this, ask some of his brothers about his activities this past week-end. Well, we hope you impressed on your dads that going to class in a I’owboat isn’t much fun, and that you’d be very happy if you had the necessary medium of exchange to carry on your research at the Choc-*' date Shop.
Eighteen students have enrolled in the industrial safety course which will start Thursday. ht 7 p; m., being taught by Prof. R. W. Lindley, head of shop laboratory practice in the department of general engineering, and iS; being offered without cost to high school graduates or those with equivalent industrial experience by the U. .S.
Office of Education/ under the' pervision'of the University. ,.v The course, a of the db|en^' training progi’am* js dedghed to train men in industry ini;tKe;fw4|^ . mentals of .safet^/ivand l'includeSva study of safetjr ;bddesj:'f Mtisp^ilh and accident prevention proceclarea.
■ 'm.
LUMA
^today-Wednesday^ -,.2 BIG rtITS--WANTED FOR MURDEItl
HS LARAINE DAY •SKELTON
JOM WYATT HARRY DAVSHPORt J. RDWARD SROMSERG HENRY BRANDON,
MARS TODAY - WEDNESDAY
TEAMING BEAUTY AND RHYTHM... in a gay army camp musical I
the Russian Govermnent to send the ballet, and Roosevelt never persuaded Litvinov to give satisfac-
he mailed out l^f^
card referendum, some of which
went to army camps.
Asked about Hoover’s franked .speech, Hurja stated that he had “rented” a list of 50,000 names to Senktor Butler and was running
• Another Franking Grab- 30,000 out of the 300,000 postageUnsuspecting- taxpayers don’t free envelopes through an addresso".'un technicians also serves know it, but they are being tapped graph machine,
imiiortant purpose. Actual- for more than $6,000 this week to (Copyi’ight, 1941, by United
speech by Herbert Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
iiu'itn As a re.siilt they lost ri Hicsc best and latest Icase-
(aiiks. ■
ihen’llierc have been no a'lvaticcs along the Libyan i'hiK.'o l.heu, also, General Rus'b. rv,cli has been heading a . ivv’, i<-aii mission in Egypt to tiic Biitisli in using and I’c-
I h S. tanks.
irctli tlie surface, this army
Eight, hundred fifty couples are now provided with tickets for the Military Bali. The expected ticket
freedom. Asked by newspapermen as he was coming from the White House what progress he had made regardihg religion, Litvinov replied: “I can’t discuss it. This is
.Sunday.”
i'o the advance guard to frank out
ist. This IS the same list that Hurja ... .
. , . c. , 1111. 1 I’eturn is approximately 50 tickets,
turned over to Senator Wheeler ^ ^ , ..
Fortunately my connection with the military department is none. Therefore, I ask this same military department, or any officials of the University, why Uncle Sam’s select group of men are permitted to monopolize both ballrooms of the Union for an exceedingly private affair, when in reality tickets are sold to the students in the University other than those taking mil-
itary?
—J. D. Wolf, ’42
canY; betopIP^
M
WARNER BROS'. Groalosll. . with, WALTER BRENNAN JOAN LESLIE 40c till 6—-After 6: Bal. 44c Ma. Floor 55c - Children 17c Anytime ——Prices Include Tax-— Feature Starts At — 1:30-4:10-6:45-9:25
ALL THIl WEEK
-4'
.’i rii/iions, $1.00.
■' !.,-«« Jvhli/r ... 'Sviiii'ti KliiU'r
^WhdusL ^xpomnL All-American 1940-'41
Iintcred at; second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress t Kiarch 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 317, auitiorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year :ifl Y.-eukiy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier f^r $3.50 per year, mail sub-
..Ned A. (JcUiltriic ..John Ij. TruuKott Phil Johnson
IJusiiicss Manager Managing Kdilor Coed Editor..!
Don S. Powers ..Licland W. Ruifner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff .• . A.'jSijciate Kdilora JliSfttirial iSiall: ,1. 1'. Araoii, J. H. Armstrong, IJ. T. Brophy, Ji. h. Jiadlcy, J*'. I. Jonos. K, <J. Kioper. i.fiorlii Staff: 0! T, GJarlt, J. D. Kraser, J. S. Keeler. ( Old Htaff; klary K. Boynton, Alice Chutlield, Jane Barasdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager; Donna Sicss; Office Manager: Lee / Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Franltouberry, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin.
’Pft6ne>C{‘Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertiaing hy National Advertising Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Night Editor: Armstrong . dUsue Kditor: Boswinkle
Staff For This Issue Bay Kditor: Cbatficid Reporters: A. L. Wickard, J. T. Kiinbrell, H. Eckstein K. Roquemore, L. Slone, K. KJossen, G. W. Starr, R. Ford, P. Sports Kditor; Fraser Stenberg, D. L. Glaspie, A. P. Hunter, Cussady, Brewer, Potter, Kricger,
TODAY -TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
HITLER'S BLITZKRIEG PICTURES BAPTISM BY FIRE' Nazi Terror Fjlm Introduced for the First Time in — "THE RAMPARTS WE WATCH"
PLUS
More Surprises Than A Kiss in a BlackoutI AFFECTIONATELY YOURS — with —r MERLE OBERON DENNIS MORGAN RITA HAYWORTH
DEFENSE! Crown Gleaning Service Is Sure Defense Against Unsightly Personal Appearance USE CROWN CLEANING SERVICE REGULARLY “Top Of The mH ” Crown Laundry r I N $ L E A N R R S ' O F F I N E C L O T H C S
> »’fW?! "’'i'--v'V. » ^K^iitaXf J^dmrni^ ii, i94Jl
4ir:'j'‘:/:’, iii^f v/vv ’ > '^' ',''‘’f''' PuridluS Exponent
' ' . * ■ .'^ * JtKr ■,« MKti sMm,
ijif*
Big Ten Harrier Teams Will Meet Here Monday The Riveter harriers, having completed a very successful set^son and coming out on top in the State meet, are now hard ati|)ractice for the Big Ten meet to be held here Monday at 11 too a, m. The entries up to date for this meet include Illinois, Indiana^ ^Wisconsin, Ohio State and Purdue. Chicago and Minnb§ota are pn the tentative list. Course , '
Deadly Passer
Grid Squad Starts Week's Workout In Preparation For Wisconsin Battle
Receiver
^he Big Ten meet will be run over the sartie course as was used for the State meet. The course is four miles long and there are several hills to. make the going a little more difficult. Recent bad wfeather has made the ground quite soft and muddy and the running is plenty tough. The boys to watch on the opponent’s side are Dunn of Illinois, Lohr of Wisconsin and Raymond of Ohio State. These boys have been running well in previous meets and |hoy will make it tough for the Boilermakers. Fred Wilt from Indiana is probably the toughest opponent on the list of contenders. In the State meet, it was he and Ed 'Hblderman who fought it out to the end. For'the Riveters, Captain Holderman, Appleton and Kemp are the big guns. Roach, Duesler and McLaughlin are also very good runners and they boost the strength of the harrier squad. Coach Phillips has his boys working hard at practice for the rest of the week. They will alternate overdistance runs with speed trials for the remaining practice sessions. Friliay and Saturday, the boys will run time trials and Sunday they wilb take it easy with a light workout. g.m.p.
Outing Club Will Hold Roller Skating Party . Outing Club will hold a skating party at 7:30 p. m. Thursday at Maple Point. The party is open to all students only the price of admission to the rink being charged. Ti’ansportation can be arranged by calling Gail Hennis, 2907, or Jim Colbert, 84,21, before Wednesday. At the last meeting of the Outing Club, Jim Colbert was elected as the 194J-42 president. Monica Buergler, vice president, and Gail Hennis, secretary-treasurer, who were elected last year, will continue to hold office, a.l.s.
. . . Tom Parris, senior Badger quarterback from Chicago, is not only noted for his accurate passes, but is a strong blocker, as well as being the number-one signal caller. Farris’ passes have accounted for a large part of Wisconsin’s touchdowns this year.
• Why So im|!>otent? Just a week ago today we tried to give a few reasons as to the whys and wherefores of the first downless 17-0 Fordham battle. It was muddy, wet, and Fordham backs were plenty potent, and still are, in spite of Pittsburgh. ‘ But Saturday it wasn’t nearly so muddy, it wasn’t deluging precipitation, and Michigan State’s backs weren’t so hot. Still, although their defense was the same steady game, the Boilermaker offense was as unsnappy as a bear in the midst of his annual hibernation. • Was If The Sparfan Line? Undoubtedly the Spartan line was of the best. But it certainly wasn’t good enough to have held a team with backs like Petty, Andretich, Berto, Chester, Meakim, and Cook to a rushing gain of just 75 yards and three lonesome first downs. Last year the Boilermakers made ten first downs against one of the best Minnesota lines in that institution’s history. • Two Big Scorers On The Horizon To date this year the Boilermaker offense has scored just 27 points in six games, while holding the opposing teams played to 42 points. In three of these six games the Riveters were scoreless. While the Boilermakers have been playing along on a tight defense basis, Saturday they will meet a team with exactly the opposite outlook on the game. Wisconsin has averaged 21 points per game iii six'games, and still lost four of them. Along this high scoring but meager victory trail the Badgers soundly tromped 6n the same Iowa team that the Boilermakers had a tough time edging out' 7-6 by the lopsided score of 23-0. • If Mighf Have Been Differenf Saturday’s game might have been a different story if just one play had materialized. In the second quarter the Boilermakers were going like they should go, with Andretich, Berto, and Chester alternating at carrying the ball to the 11 yard line. On the fourth down with less than a yard to go an end around was called which just failed by inches to make the necessary distance. If that first down had been picked up the Boilermakers would probably have scored, as they were showing the same offensive life that almost beat Ohio State and that brought the Iowa game out of the fire. There was a lot of criticism by grandstand quarterbacks on the use of the end around at that particular time. But then, if it had worked, it would have been a great piece of strategy. ' • Revive Offense Or Else In the final two games on the schedule the Boilei makers face two of the best offensive teams in the country. One touchdown, or probably even two won’t be enough to win either one of these. It’s going to take a lot of determined offense to cop these last two.
Elward Stresses Passing Mi(ilaf»Deiaifiieiil Holds Boxing MatcM
All students interested in weight lifting are invited to attend the first meeting of the year tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. This meeting is to be one of organization and it is hoped that all enthusiasts wilPbe present. Ray Kaznias will be in charge.
IM Schedule TOUCHBALtr—TODAY 1 Sigma Chi vs Sigma Nu. Official: Baldauf. 3 Sigma Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta Official: Plummer 4 Phi Kappa Psi vs Beta Sigma Psi. Official* Wood ' 5 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Delta Chi. Official. W V Stephans 0 Theta Chi vs Kappa Delta Rho Official * Olds
JOHNNY MIZE and MORTON COOPER St. Louis Cardinals' first baseman and pitcher. They piay ball together,hunt together,and together enjoy Chesterfield —the cigarette that Satisfies.
7 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Xi. Official : Meyer. 8 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official: Jones. 9 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vb. Phi Kappa Tau Official. Captain BASKETBALI^TODAY Court 1—Jim Raffeity 7 :00 Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7:15 Acacia vs Alpha Sigma Phi 8 ;00 Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Chi Rho' 8.15 Phi Delta Theta vs Lambda Chi Alpha Court 2—Wes Stevens 7.00 Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Tau Omega 7:1B Kappa Delta Rho vs Alpha Gamma Rho. 8 -00 Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 8 15 Delta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Court 3—J. Zehring 7:00 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Beta Theta Pi. 7.16 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8 -00 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8 -15 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Sigma Kappa
... of quarterback Farris’ passes sometimes is big Dave Schreiner, six foot, two inch. Red and White end from Lancaster, Wisconsin. A junior wingman, Schreiner is expected to make All-Conference standing, having snagged many Wisconsin passes this year for impressive gains. 200 High School . . . students from 36 Hoosier towns from Crown Point and Elkhart to Evansville assembled here Saturday afternoon for the twentieth annual high school judging contest sponsored by the University Horticultural Society and directed by Prof. Edward C. Stair of the Agricultural Experiment Station. This attendance was the largest of any of the previous two score of similar contests. Dr. f. C. Elliott . . . will be the principal speaker at the Thursday afternoon session of the Indiana Farm Bureau which will hold its annual convention in Indianapolis Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
HOME COOKING Plate Lunches 25c and up Sandwiches 10c SMITHY’S COACH
“ Everything for a -- College Education ^ DEAC’S
By Bob Krieger
Coming down the homestretch of the fast-waning grid campaign, the Boilermaker squad held their first workout yesterday afternoon in preparation for the game with Wisconsin which will be played next Saturday on historic Camp Randall gridiron
in Madison. \ Badgers Have Punch
While discussing the Badgers yesterday, Coach Mai Elward stated that Wisconsin was one of the highest scoring teams in the Big Ten, but that his team believes that Stuhldreher’s eleven will be one of the lowest scoring teams, come next Saturday afternoon. The records show that in four conference tilts the Badgers have scored 98 points, more than any other team in the Big Ten. The complete Wisconsin record for the current grid campaign shows a 28 to 7 defeat at the hands of Marquette; a 41 to 14 setback by Northwestern; a 23 to 0 triumph over Iowa; a 27 to 25 win over Indiana; a 27 to 20 defeat by Syracuse; and a 46 to 34 setback at the hands of Ohio State in the scoring carnival last Saturday at Columbus.
Lack Of Scrimmage
In an interview with the writer yesterday. Coach Elward emphasized the fact that the lack of offense which has been evident in the Boilermakers’ performance this season is due to the fact that the squad has been unable to hold any heavy scrimmage whatsoever the past three weeks of practice, because of the epidemic of sickness and injuries which have plagued
the team this year. New Full Game Man
In discussing the Michigan State game, the Boilermaker mentor commended the work of the sophomoie Riveter backs, and expressed the opinion that Combs and Rush turned in excellent jobs at the end posts. Incidentally, “Iron Man” Johnson turned in his sixth consecutive complete game at the center slot in the Boilermaker line. Ewell O’Bryan, who started at right tackle in the absence of Barry French and Pete Timperman, also played the entire game against
the Spartans.
Elward revealed that the spirit of the Riveter squad is excellent, and that the team is all set to do everything possible to win the final two games on the schedule. “What we miss from scirmmage,” the coach
How to Win Friends in one easy lesson Treat yourself and others to wholesome, delicious Wrigley^s Spearmint Gum. Swell to chew. Helps keep breath sweet, teeth bright. The Flavor Lasts,
BETTER CORSAGES AT LOWER PRICES Order Your Military Ball Corsages At UNIVERSITY BOOK-STORE Mon. & Tues.: 2 to 8 p.m. Wed. 2 to 5 A Student Service for Students Eicher & Hustvedt, Local Agents
LEARN TO DANCE THE CORRECT WAY A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE TONIGHT 7:00 P.M. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENTER NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS ADVANCED CLASS WED., NOV. 12, 7:00 P. M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
tke word along...
Smokers take to Chesterfield like a duck takes to water.,.’ because they’re definitely Milder Cooler-Smoking... Better-Tasting Chesterfield’s can’t-be-copied blend .TTTthe right combination of the best cigarette tobaccos that grow both here and abroad . .TT gives a man what he wants...a cigarette that’s definitely MILDER and that completely SATISFIES. irS CHESTERFIELD FOR A MILDER COOLER SMOKE Copyright 1941, Liccm & Mylrs Tobacco Co,
Dr. A. M. Irioit — DENTIST — 1I9IA Northwastam Ava. Phaaa 4965
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
WATCH THIS SPACE GROW
e 4
^ Comfort and Security Away from Home ” ^ Ji HOTEL FOWLER
Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Boom Cole
Air Conditioned
4th and Ferry Sts. ^ f Lafcqipetle'^
j
Boxing matches in wholesale quantities were held in the Axvuxet yesterday afternoon as the Fresl^ man Military Boxing Tonmadtent got under way. Yesterday’s elimination boots re* duced the field of competitors front ' more than 400 to approximately 46, The semi-final matches, to be heM' next Monday in the Armory, Orill narrow the field to three in each of the seven weight classes. Two of the three will serve as principals^ and the other as alternate, in the final bouts. The number of entries in the various classes varied from 170 in the 160 pound class to 3 in the 11$ pound class. Semi-final bouts in the Armory next Monday at 4 p. m. and the final bouts in the Fieldhouse eh November 26 at 7 p. m, are open to the public, j.s.
said, “will be made up by tr^tional Boilermaker scrap.” ^ No New Injuries No new members were added |o the injury list as a result of tM Spartan game, and Kenny Smd^, the big gun in the Riveter aerial attack, will be able to return fo action when the Boilermakers tangle with the Badgers. ^ % Yesterday’s practice session ednsisted mostly of dummy scrimma^$. since Elward does not want to rii^ injury to any of his men. Passing was emphasized, and the coachhig , staff also reviewed the mista^s which they detected in the Boili^makers’ play against the Spartans. Hefty Team j. Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s teg]^ is one of the biggest in the from the standpoint of weight. When the Riveters tangle with tl|& Badgers they will be outwe^fira ten pounds per man. i The dynamite of the Wisconsin backfield lies in the person of Pat (Hit ’Em) Harder, the sensational sophomore fullback from Milwaakee. His record, which tops aR others in the conference scoring department, shows that he has accounted for eight touchdowns, jkicked eight points after tonchdowA, and booted one field goal. > Dangerous Back Although Harder spent more than half of the time on the bench last Saturday as a result of aa injury, he still managed to score two touchdowns and kick one exti^a point. When the Badger offense stalled momentarily in the lo^ game, Pat merely stepped back tp the Hawkeye 37 yard line and bootc ed a field goal squarely between the uprights.
/ *'■
Wmmm
\
<p', Ul?ti^’|,;
,^'fff
'Ll I 1’^ ? I ^/.Tt li> ■f f ^
i.Mej’ to Lean on anything ot value Xt’s Loan Office Pawnbrokers and ^t&f t@»J Colujnbia St. 'fjTiewrltera—Adding Machines all makes «tl1d, tjentcd repaired and purchased Mime olihilib wwlfdone O J Ebershoff $05 Mam 2779 Lost Catalyst ke^ initialed A H H 42 on bdck Finder call Art Huisken at 8421
Notices
Np J^oticep Accts^ted After 3^30 p ip. Military Juniors luniors who have just been enrolled in MT 6 report to Armory bupph room Pues Nov 11 to be measured for' uniform —M BROWN Phi Lambda Upsilon Meeting Thuisday Nov 13 at 30 m Room 106 Chemistry Bldg Guest fapeakci —BRANNER Triton Club Initiation Tuesday Novcm ber 11 at 30 p m in W6men s Gym Please be prompt Attehdanc6 Cotnpul^orv —KRAEPELIEN Scabbard and Blade Pledges Meet in Armciy Room lOo nt 4 p m Tues Nov 11 GRAF
Zouave Pledges 4pm
Drill Tuesday Nov 11 --GRAr
10 dW News
3.0:10 Cuno Man lO:l<0 Morning Melodies 10.30 WBAA Piesents 10‘45 Theatre of Song 11*00 Armistice Day Piogiam 11:50 Pmdue News A2*00 Ag^ncultmal Foium 12 15 Meet the Band 12 45 (Fleicible foi Special Events) 1 00 Souvenns 1 30 feetty Wedge, singei 1,45 Markets 2 00 A Stoiy a Day 2 16 Parent Foium 1 30 Virginia Ulrey, singer 2 46 Treasure Chest
3 00 News
3 10 Building foi Defense 3 15 Afternoon Melodies 8 30 Musical Round Up 4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 16 Heard in the Hallway 4 45 Little Miss Mulfett 6 00 Just Relax 5 16 Employment Seivice
6 30 Vespeis
5 45 Gurio Man
5 50 News
6 00 Dmnei Music 6 30 Spoits Reviews 6 45 The Magic Caipet 7 00 Religious Diama
7 15 Music
7 30 Caiolyn Wood singei 7 45 Music Without Woids Mil
died Johnson
8 00 Stoiy of the Opeia 8 SO Eventide Echoes 8 45 Saeied Music 9 00 Doc Mira’s Band
9 30 Music 9 50 News
10 00 OFF THE AIR
PIA Dancing Class The regular lesson mil be held on Tuesday Nov 11 at the same time and place instead of Monday Any and all coeds are invited to attend —PECSOK
•^ected
Ceres Corps judging cfontest to be held Saturday Nov 15 jn Ag Hall Prizes awarded Entry blanks may be obtained from Prof F E Robbins or pledges
—BYER
Kappa Psi All membeis please be pres ent at open lorum and address by Dr XJrdang on Mortday Nov 11 at 7 30 p m Room 311 in Pharmacy Building
—SCOTT
All MilitaVy Students All members of the Corps arc requested to be in their places in the Armory at 10 18 a m Tues day Nov 11 m order that no niovement will take place in the Armory duiing the Armistice Day Memorial Service at 11 a m —GRAHAM Delta Rho Kappa Debris pictuie will be taken at 9 p m Tuesday Nov 11 in South Ballroom of Union All actives and pledges be present —LEIN POMM The banquet will be Tuesday Nov 18 at 6 30 p m Get tickets from BUshnell MacMillan Sullivan or Youkey The price of tickets is 65c and the absolute deadline for their purchase is Saturday Nov lo at noon '—BUSHNELL Alpha Lambda Delta Compulsory meet ing Tuesday Nov 11 at 7 15 p m in room 106 of the Chemistry Building Theic will be a guest speaker and Debris pictures will be taken —McDONALD Scabbard and Blade Meeting at 4 K p m Wedncsdiy Nov 12 m room 355 of the Union —SULLIVAN Christian Science Organization Reg liar meeting 10 p m Tuesday Nov 11 in
- ^ LOCKWOOD
Sooiiiut^ ihsL $h0pJ^ By Jeajnme Lauer CALLING ALL MEN . . to the n^w men’s department at Smith’s §lia6 store. Hetfe ?1^ there as a most Complete stock of saddles, Itipgpcs, gnd y\\ dressiea styles made an fancy giaincd Icathea's i^ll types \] of soles are included ciepe, double, and eveti tij,plc » soles for longer wear and better font proteej^mw Another annovation dt Smith’s as the x-ray fatting macliine, which assuies a hettei fit and lasting comfoit
SPARKLING AND FEMININE aie the lovely pieces of antique jeweliy at Lodde’s Cameos and yellow gold lockets and chains aic stiessed this wmtei for weai with moie dressv clothes This old-fashioned jeweliy has pioved to he veiy populai, and you will love the charming cameo necklaces, brooches, and iings One very good-look-ing ling at Lodde’s was a double head cameo with the two stones mounted in yellow gold ’
, ' -5 ■ , r ^ Tuesday^ November hi, 1941 'nnil l I
Foremen Meet Here To Formulate Plans For Third Conference Pielmiinary plans foi the thud annual conference of factory foiemen to be held at the University next spiing weie discussed lecently at a meeting of Univeisity officials and a dozen foiemen of Indiana in dustiies Moie than 1 000 foiemen attended the first conf ei ence which \\ as held in 1939 Some 1 100 foiemen from 134 companies m 46 Indiana cities weie piesent foi last yeai’s meet
mg
Subjects Some of the subjects to be dis cussed at this yeai’s confeience are defense training courses adjusting plant operations foi defense work, improving mdustiial safety piac tices, handling of grievances worn en m industry and interpretation of existing labor legislation The program is sponsored by the engineering extension depaitment and the division of education and applied psychology M F Stigeis of the education staff will be in chaige of aiiangemcnts ki Seminar Will Hear Urd^ng Talk Today Di Geoige Uidang author edi tfti pnd phaimacist, will address the phaimacy seminar, today at 11 a m in room 311 of the Phai macy Building upon the subject, “Historical Rescaich in Phaimacy’ Last night he spoke to the Kappa Psi fraternity and the student blanch of the American Pharma ceutical Association on the subject of “Retail Phaimacy As the Nu cleus of the Phaimaceutical Indus ttry ’’ Di Uidange has wiitten many histoiical papeis, hiochuies hooks and hiogiaphics about phaimacy Jfe was one of the oiganizcis of the Society foi the Histoiy ot Phai macy in Gei many
room 303 of Union
Agrrictultarist Editorial Staff Junior Sophorntres and Departmental editols come to the Agricultui ibt office Tuesday at 30 p m to get >o r assignment If you cant come sec me as soon ns possible
—RIGGS
Tau Beta Pi Debris pict le \v 11 be tal en lue day November 11 at 9 oO p m in the south ballroom of the Union All nieml ofs are requested to be present —BYER AIChE Debris p ct re vtill be taken at 8 10 p m luesday Nov 11 in South Ballroom of the Union — KRAYBILL AIME Debus pictuics to be tal en i So^th Ballr om f Union luesdav Nov 11 at 8 30 p m STARKLY Scabbard and Blade Meetii l We in (Ia\ N V 12 4 lo p m n loom 3 o in the Union Wear unifoim and white shirts Ceiemony for Militiry Ball will be planned SULLIVAN Gold Peppers Dinnei meeting Thiusdij Nov 13 at b p m ii the Chi Omega ho ise If you arc nable to attend please eall Ruth Rose at o06 by Wednesday even ng
SCARFE
Pistol I earn Tryouts I he f Ilo g listed students are asked to leport to the pistal langc of the armorj Nov 1” nt 1 pm H B Beach J Beckerich B E Eisenhour H D Ciom R J Eastman J K Grcei D B Crtcicr T Hniiington J N Heater W J Henze E R Hyde r J indanian W Koeste R N Kramer I W Riedwcg D B Russel E H Schvvenker J H Simrson C M Wiliams
BROWN
PIA Chorus Meeting luesday Nov 11 at 30 p m in room 30 f the Ui lo
SMOKLY
Agriculturist Workers Debris pictuies II be taken Wedntsdiy Nov 13 it 8 20 J n n the s i th bnlhoom
SNYDER
Coed Business Staff Meeting in fTico Vednesdi> Nov 1 at 1 i m
—SIESS
Student Senate Meeting luesday Nov II at 7 30 1 m in the senate office
—DIBOS
ASML Meeting Fiiday Nov 14 at 11 a m m room 129 of the Electrical Engi neering building J W Parker will speak n Attack on Bewilderment
—UlLEY
ASME Debris picture will be taker it 30 p m Nov 2 in mam ballroom of the Union —UTLEY Pi Tau Sigma Debris picture will be taken Tuesday night at 7 50 p m All actives and pledges please be present —GREGORY Reamer Club Rumor 1 as it that Debris wantvS to take our piet re T icsda> N 11 at 20 p m RUllNER Plying Club Open meeting Wednesday Nov 12 in loom 108 of the Mechanic I Building at 30 i m Movies and a speak er —HABICHT Houf and Horn Club Impoita t meeting in Agricultural Hall Wednesday Nov 12 at 7 30 p m Members ind all interested arc invited to attend DUFFY Twelve Meeting T lesday No 11 at 9 p m m 1 om 3^04 of the Union b il ling
—RIGGS
ASCE Meetii g at 8 4o r m Welnesday N v 12 in room 201 of the Civil Buildii g Debris pictuie will be taken after the meeting in the Union ballroom Member ships will be on s ilc at loth places —IRUITl Military Ball Committee Meeting Tues day Nov 11 at I p m in south balhoom with saboi —DIBOS Student Senate All senators desiiing keys contact me soon —YODER Alpha Zela Mcctii g 11 day Nov 13 in loom 103 cf tie Unioi Act ve lepoit at 30 I m Pledges m st be present at 8 I r without glib SWAIM Outing Club Members H lie skatii g ]ait> at -JO p 'm Tl ihday Nov 13 at Maple loint Call Ga 1 Herns 2J07 or Jim Colbeit 8421 to airang tiansportation BUERGLLR AWS Lxecutne Board Regulai me t 11 g Wednesday Nov 12 at 7 30 p m McCULLOCH Agneulture Education Society Gi up 1 ctun for the Debris will be taken lues lav Nov 11 at 8 1 n in the South ballroom ol the Unior CONRAD AILL Debris \ leturc. will be taken it H 20 1 in I 1 la> Nov 11 in the south I aJlrorOm ROBBINS
JUST TAKE YOUR PICK . . from the maii} sweater styles at Dewetiter^s, hut don’t dela^Ji' too long, for there’ll be many others hurry down to see thrs grand collectron Sltpovejts come at $1.95 to $3 50 wrthout sleeves and slrghtly hrgher for‘ the styles wrth sleeves A new buttorrfront cardrgan, sleeveless, and wrth a V neck costs but $3 50, whrle the regular button or zrppered cardrgans run from f3.50 to $6 50 They are all irrade from the finest and softest of woolens and feature unusual and interestrng weaves The most popular shade is natural, with the warm browns and blues close behind
ON RECORD . . at the Foster Shop is T Dorsey and the orchestra playing “The Sunshine of Your Smile” their i newest recording It features a smooth Sinatra vocalf and has a throbbing piano and ba^s background throughout the choins that you Dorsey fans will icaHy go for Another brand new recording is Freddy Martin’s “Symphonic Mod erne”, which is much the same as “Concerto in B Flat’\ and features the same pianist Jack Fina ARE YOU FEELING PREl lY CHILLY ion the brisk Novemhci days"^ Whether it s the eold oi the ram that’s getting you down, vou 11 be interested nr the smart icvcisihles at Queen City There arc coidii lioys, and Iwecds, all with gabardine revcise sides but Iby far the big item in this collection is the plaid These jplaids aie tiuly beautiful and aiti ones that vou will 'like suipii«ingh low $9 98 and up, with $12 98 about the aveiagi
10 LOOK \ OUR LOVELIES 1 this Fiiday night, why not make an appointment light away with Loeb’s Beauty Salon^ The laige staff of welltiaitred operators wrll help 7 on rn creatrng an rndrvtdrral hair style that will tiuR add much to a lovely appearance Mr Rudac, head hail stylist, suggests an up-an-down hail do loi the Militaiy Ball up in fiont and on the sides and down in the back It s a glamorous style and welladapted to evening wcai
EVENING SEPARAIES aic among the iijo&t piaetieal, yet vciy smooth lookiiig, clothes for evening wcai When you own a hasie eve ning sknt yon ean have a lot of fun selecting a vaiict\ ol lilouses and jackets with which to liven up yoin loimal waidiohc At Loeb’s you will find the Patt\ Woodaid skill and blouse which is featured in Mad (inoiselle The pleated rayon jersey skirt comes m black and colors, while the white silk ^atin blouse ft i tuics a plunging neckline and rhinestone hulton'- I he tost IS leally small for the quality of this outht
YOUR DANCING MOMENTS will be made even liiightei when you are wearing e4e nmg slippeis fiom the exciting assortment at Call’s No matter what heel height >ou prefer high, medium, or flat — ton will find it here in a most eomplctc vaiicty of styles Gold and silvei mesh oi kid aic the best scllcis, while many giils picfei to have white satin slippeis dyed to match then newest gown
GE 1 ON YOUR MARK
GEI ALL SET
foi the opening of Southworth’s new downstairs gift shop The date hasn’t been an nounced as yet, but keep watching for it, foi this shop IS stalling out as a Chiistmas gilt depaitment and its opening cannot he too fai off Every conceivable gift item is aiiiving lo stock this new shop—^fiom the most oidinary and usual to the things not usually found it will have eveivthing so be suie to watch
loi the big opening
A IRULY PERSONAL and always-appieciated gift is a lovely photogiaph oi youiself Eveiyone loves to receive a photogiaph, and now is the time to keep this in mind with Christmas not so far off The Olan Mills studios take excellent portraits and specialize in high-quality work, so why don t you eall and make an appoint ment sometime soon and thus solve voui gift problem
MEMORIES or YOUR MOIHER’S COOKING must surely inelude the thrill of eating a smooth, and spicy piece of pUrjipkin pie On a frosty autumn day Bartlett’s wapts to remind you that this same thrill will come when you sink youi teeth into a picct ol iheii pumpkin pic not just ordinary pie, but pie paj excdlcnt' Made liom then own special iccipe, given to them liy an old time Hoosiei, this pie will really hit the spot on one ot these husk, nippy
days Try it soon
piNNfR FOR TWO? Delight Her by Suggesting an Elegant Steak Dinner And of Course She's Delighted Because You Chose Tom's! TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 Lnitersity St.
A NOVEL GIIT . . .
is one of the ready made packages for marling th it (ontaips thiec bars of patriotic soap one led, one white, and one bine hai It*s a dcvci idea and the |)ackages aic lerlly good-looking You’ll find th^m at the llnwdsity Diug Store, alonii with other novelty so ips, such as a box containing di Ik atelv scented snaj) in tilt shajK ol yellow, junk, and gieen flowcis
SPi(
/VND SPAN HOUbEKELPJNG is the keynote at the Union Club looms, ind tin deanJjness and exi client up k( ep aic amon^ the thinp,s that all guests juaise In addition, eveiyone la^es about the (ondoit and tin altiactayeness ol lliesc rooms ^ on all k ali/i liow difficult ills to ob lam leseivations, so il >on aie planning on liarjng guests you had heltci play it sale and make the leseivations early.
secKr /OO/
FUNNY HOW LOTS OF MLN, when they want to look then diessie^t, put on then oldest clothes' They figure that because they don t weai dress clothes as often as they do business clothes that a dinner jacket ot a tailcoat will last dam near a lifetime Well, that s tiue they u til last' What these same men don t figuie IS that Old Man 1 ime IS constantly get ting m a double play one, on style
and two, on their figures BLULVL US, youi appearance is our business and if you ve had your piesent tailcoat (or dinnei jacket fot that matter) for more than three years it s pretty outdated by no If your foitnal clothes have seen 1001 nights . Ol even only 101 nights It s time you treated youiself to a new tailcoat or dinner jacket And we d like to introduce you to the samtrtst ’ night clothes in town , .
Varsity
Town
Geisler^s Varsity
TAILS
TUX
TAILS
TUX
$37.50
135 00
132.50
$23 50
We catty a complete line of Foimal Acccssoiics, le, fiom Top Hat to Shoes, at piiccs you can affoid
CLOTWE3'':swORJNr;