"' 'V “ :K'i-I
/ ! -V^ ^ ^ , 1 J “ \’^-' '
'' ”' 0^11'* f
" EDITORiAL Suggests Improvements For Servicemen's Dance
Established 1889
XflOHCM V Quote: No More Serials
MERRY-GO-ROITNII ) Reveals Republicans^ ^ Part In RumI Plan
Volume 56, No. 32
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, July 13,
Ad Staff/ssuesp/igQg,.j [sjames J. W. Noel President
For New jMembers
Advertising' staffs of the Exponent will hold a call-out to recruit new members today at 4 in the Exponent office which is located in the sub-basement of the Union. No experience is required as instructions and training will be given to the new members of the staff. Special appeals are being made to the army, navy and marines on the campus as well as to the Curtiss-Wright,
RC^ and Wright Field girls to come out for this work. Those who have had experience in this type of work at other schools will be especially helpful, but such experience is not es-
sential.
No Special hours are set for the work and thus students in the mili-
tary programs may adjust the work courage
to flt'their schedules.
The work includes lay-outs, advertising copy writing, mechandising, sales, and office work which is con-
nected with advertising.
Coeds will find that now is a particularly good time for them to start such work when so many of the eds are being called for military service. Coeds will fill the positions once held by men and they will continue to do so after the war. The opportunities have been greatly broadened for positions this fall. Experience of this type while in college is an advantage when applying for
a position.
Enthusiasts Take Commando Trip To Attend Aero Meet
Navy, Marines Translate Slang After getting used to a new campus, and waking up at 6:30, Navy and Marine Corps men how find they even have to speak a new lan-
guage.
Here are just a few of the words and phrases which one week ago Sounded so strange, but now are an everyday part of their life. To aid the uniniated, we have also put the “translations” along with the phrases. Knock it off—quiet down Deck—floor Bulkhead—wall Squared away—straightened up Ladder—stairway Companionway—hall Sick bay—medical offices Aboard the ship—in the house Coed Capers Planned To Entertain Servicemen In Music Hall, July 31 University coeds will have their opportunity to entertain servicemen and remaining eds on July 31. At that time the “Coed Capers” will be produced in the Music Hall. All the sororities, cooperatives. Residence Halls, and individual independent houses have donated their services for this performance. Each act will last approximately five to ten minutes. Since audience participation is desirable, the applause of those present will determine the best act. For the stunt designated as the most entertaining and professional, a prize will be awarded. Auditions for the various acts and stunts will be held on July 19
and 20.
A maximum expenditure of $15 for each organization has been set for the program. Prof, G. C. Blalock ... of the School of Electrical Engineering at the University is the author of a new basic text book for wartime courses entitled “Elements of Electrical Circuits and Machinery.” The book, which is just off the presses of the McGraw-Hill Book Company, is intended primarily for practical application of electrical equipment and is largely an abridgment of the author’s widely used text, “Principles of Electrical Engineering.’-* Pres. E, C. Elliott . . . spoke at the V-12, army, and electrical convocation last Friday night in the Music Hall. The service men were welcomed with a few words which wer/ followed by the regular Friday night movie.
AWS Novelty Dance To Feature Booths,
Carnival Spirit
Featuring novelty dances to en-
mixing and getting ac-
quainted, the carnival-dance sponsored by AWS in cooperation with WAA will be held on the women’s tennis counts next Saturday evening at 8:30 p. m. To the tune of a band, master of ceremonies will direct folk dances, square dances and any other mix-up dance he can
think of.
A Bohemian atmosphere will be the mood of the evening, for the carnival will be on the order of the WAA penny carnivals of past years. In back of the tennis courts, booths will be boosted by fraternities, sororities, co-op houses and residence halls. A free dance for couples will be held in the meantime in the Union North Ballroom.
Dad And His Popcorn
“Dad” will seH popcorn and Gimlets, Reamers aqd Gold Peppers will
By Ernest Nordlinger ^
It was a field day for photographers and aero enthusiasts alike at the Model Airplane Meet sponsored by the University Aedgmodelers Club Sunday afternoon. Flying his hand-launched glider for an average time of 2 minute, 24 seconds, E. N. Jacobs took first place in the meet. Jack Mathias, flying a class “B” gas model took second place with
an average time of 3 minutes, 13 seconds.
Although Saturday’s Exponent revealed the meet to be only about one-half mile from the
University golf course, in reality it was a rugged commando’s journey from the Union to the field. The few scanty cars available were reserved for the real participants in the contest—the model planes. So your reporter together with several aero fancists remembered the old theorem that a straight line is the shortest distance between two points. We were not the only persons that jumped barb wire fences, tramped
Cole Assumes AlumhI Seat Held By Ross James W. Noel, widely known Indianapolis attorney, yes-
terday was named president of the Board of Trustees of the University to succeed the late David E. Ross, president of the board, who died June 28. Noel, a member of the Board since 1917 and vice president since 1927, had functioned as hes^ of the board since July 16,1942, when Ross was stricken with his - ' ' " ' - fatal illness. Allison E. Stuart,
Service Men May Buy Union Memberships; Fee Includes Dances Special memberships in the Purdue Student Union, combining free admissions to all local intercollegiate athletic events, weekly movies,
four monthly dances, lectures and over dusty gravel roads, ran up and 'wiH continue from 4 to 6 p. m.
convocations and use of Memorial ddwn hills, dodged golf balls, leaped Union building facilities, are now over creeks, and plodded through available to service men taking high weeds to reach our ultimate
destination.
Victory Varieties Union Will Continue Entertain Services Tea Dances At 4 P. M. With Novelty Acts
Every Wednesday
Lafayette attorney, and member of the Board several years, was named vice president to succeed Noel. Charles C. Cole, South Bend contractor and builder, and prominent alumnus of Purdue, graduat-
Tea dances sponsored by the Student Union are now in order every Wednesday afternoon in the North Ballroom of the Union. Dancing
courses here.
The fee for membership is two dollars 'per month. Arrangements have been made for pay table deductions from interested men. The weekly movie show in the Music Hall, open only to members consists of a feature picture, news-
Colorful Crowd
But the two mile hike was well rewarded. The crowd that attended was just as colorful as the soaring models. The ensigns and sailors appeared in their whites, the army in khaki, many civilians were stripped to their waists, and the coeds added
opportunity to dance and have fun., If any other group on campus would like to run a booth, notify Betty Murphy or Nelda Reed this
week.
PROF. SCHHETZIER WILL RECEIVE PH.D TONORROW
J.
encourage the consumption of cokes
amid novel, gaudy decorations. All I'C^l and other short subjects. The their bright summer outfits to service men, RQA, Curtiss-Wright feature is always a late release, match the hues of the miniature and Wright Field gii’ls and Univer- Friday night’s for example, was flying machine. Photo hounds were sity students are urged to come and “Crash Dive,” starring Tyrone also in abundant. With nearly every make the carnival a success, for Power. Arrangements have been take-off the builder and his model every one present will be offered the made for ASTP student-members were subjected to a few sepond be-
to attend if they so desire. The dances, held Saturday night,
have heretofore required an admis-
sion fee of $1.10 per couple. Trainees joining the union are al-
lowed full use of the Memorial Union building facilities. These include bowling alleys, billiard rooms, card rooms, a dark room for photographers, the browsing room.
Prof. E. E. Schnetzler, of the puttering room and various Shops.
University poultry department will receive his doctor of philosophy degree fi-om Iowa State College at Ames, Iowa, Wednesday. Prof. Schnetzler was on leave of absence
The admissions to athletic events will entitle trainees to witness a sports program of Big Ten caliber. Although Purdue University, like other Big Ten schools, has seen
fore the camera. As the thiniature planes dived through the air more
shutters were snapped.
After each snapshot Sheiwood Brown, aero student, was called over to keep official time of each flight. After several stopwatches were set, the little gas models could take off. Every model had a name. The “Moldy Mess” was a bright red job, that escaped several disastrous landings. The “Brooklyn Dodger”
Recordings furnish the music for these dances, the main idea of which is getting acquainted. All students on campus are welcome to
attend.
Sponsored By Union Tea dances have been sponsored in the past by the Union but lately interest in them has lagged. Union officers hope that students will welcome this opportunity to get better acquainted with each other. The dances are informal with cuts and stagfe in order. Occasionally a local orchestra is featured to add variety to the music. Admission price to the dance is ten cents. Burnham Plans Grid Meeting Coach Burnham announced last night, after a conference with Commander Hugh J. Bartley of the Naval Training Station here at the University, the first call for foot-
for a year for graduate study at many of its athletes enter service.
Iowa, majoring in genetics with minor studies in bacteriology and veterinary physiology. For his doctor’s thesis he made a study of natural bactericidens in the blood of domestic fowls as related to disease resistance, and he is continuing studies in this field in his I’esearch work at the University. He is associate professor in the School of Agriculture and assistant in poultry in the Agricultural Ex,periment Station.
\
C^nceilai'ions According to Rule lOb (Rules and Regulations Governing Students), “No course shall be cancelled within the last four weeks of any term.” Since Monday, July 19th is the beginning of the last four weeks of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel assignments after Saturday noon, July 17th, even though passing. —DEAN OP MEN
grazing cattle. They eagei-ly waited for a model to descend upon their pasture. Fieldglasses had to be kept in constant use because some planes rather than circulating around the spectators, preferred to fly a straight line for the corn field about
half mile away.
Many a builder watched anxiously as his b^ain child ascended almost a vertical climb. After 14 sec-
Navy and Marine men assigned here for training are eligible for intercollegiate competition. The football squad will probably include lettermen from several Big Ten and Big Six schools, and competition should be as keen as under peace
time conditions.
Aviation Photographs
Now On Display
Collections of naval aviation photographs loaned by the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board of Chicago are on view at the University library. The exhibit is to be
available for this week only. All but in true dive bomber style,! it navy men on campus are invited to would gracefully level off. Some see these' pictures which are in the planes enjoyed nose diving in tnbdisplay case in the ground floor of tall grass. But broken wings and the Library Building. The twenty or fuselages were quickly repaired more prints show various training right on the field. T«ols for repair procedures and action pictures of were as easily brought to the scene many of the planes used ^by the air of the disaster as Leon Mann brings arm of the Navy. (See AEROMODELERS, Page 4)
lived up to the regular Flatbush ball candidates for the summerideals, of trying hard but not quite term practice. All candidates are to making the record flight. meet in room 107 of the Field House Cattle Danger To Planes Wednesday night at 7. The greatest risk to each plane practice will be Thurs-
was not the faulty ^gas line, but
By Jack Martire
Despite the fact that Don Fernando’s orchestra hit a few sour notes that shook the audience as well as the performers, the Victory Varieties, given last Saturday night in the. Music Hall, was well received by over 3,900 students, servicemen
and townspeople.
Most of the audience is still in doubt as to whether or not the four Masqueraders actually impersonated the vaijous quartets and artists which they seemed to. That doesn’t really matter since the fact remains that the four boys put on
an enjoyable show.
The ten Bighton dancers went through their charming routine to the satisfaction of all Martells and Mignon, Keaton and Armfield and the Parker brothers presented their various acts and the variety soothed and delighted the
receptive audience.
Bill Dornfield, the M. C. was slightly corny, but his cleverness and ability to get the response of an audience made up for some of the puns and jokes. He had the ability to quickly gather the mood of the audience and he could change his line of chatter to go with that
particular atmosphere.
DAMMON SAYS 500 COEDS EXPECTED IN SEPTEMBER According to Prof. C. E. Dammon, director of admissions, about 200 freshman coeds have already
JAMES W. NOEL named yesterday as chairman of the Board of Trustees. ing in 1912, assumed his duties as a board member to succeed Mr^^Ri^s as one of the three alumhi representatives on the governing board. He was named last Saturday by Governor Henry F. Schricker upon nomination by the Purdue Alumni
Association.
Stewart, McHalg Reappointed Two other members of the Board also began new terms of three years each. They were Stuart and Dr. Kathryn McHale of Logansport and Washington, D. C., where ahe serves as executive director of tjie Americap Association of Univer-
sity Women.
The board took oflficial 'Tecogni-
, . ,, tt • f the passing of Ross, a mem-
?! ber for 22 years and its president
day afternoon on the football prac-
rather the nearby held filled with equVmeft ffp-tecl, however. Because of the
the eight weeks term stai-ting in September. A total,of near 500 is
from the equipment room by that time. Sanguinef* Discusses Health Education Mrs. Clotilde Sanguinet, director of school health education of the Indiana Tuberculosis Association, speaking before an open meeting of
onds the motor would automatically faculty and students held yesterday shut off and the glide to the earth morning in the Women’s Gym, dewould begin. Heart failure attacked 'voted her discussion to health
several builders as they saw their teaching.
intrasession, sorority rush will not take place in September as has been the custom, but at the beginning of the winter semester in November. * W. T. Middlebrook . . . controller of the University from 1922 to 1925 and at present controller of the University of Minnesota, has been appointed vice president in charge of business administiation, it was announced re-
fer 16 years, by the adoption of a laudatory resolution on his life and
work.
Following the general board meeting, a special meeting of directors of the Purdue Aeronauticpl Corporation was held, as several dE the trustees also are members of the board of this organisjation which operates the Purdue Airport. Creator Of Board Of Accounts Noel is a 1893 graduate of the University and for two years after his graduation served as secretary to Dr. James H. Smart, then pr^l-
planes dive sti-aight to the grour
She spoke on new methods of teaching health in high schools with
cently by President W. C. Coffey.of the University. He' Id%r The appointment of Dean Malcolm Look up the study and practice of C. Willey as vice-president in law and has long been ranked
materials and equipment; the charge of academic administration the leading legal
-Cfffmmunity approach was empha- was announced at the same time,
sized in her discussion.
In connection with her address, Mrs. Sanguinet had a special display of health literature that was of interest to teachers, community
health leaders and parents.
Tau Kappa Alpha ... forensics honorary, announces the initiation of Glenn Tobias,
Huntington,' Ind.
Miss Palmer Serves In WRH To Cure Coeds
By B. J. Myers “Now take this pill and your headache will soon be over”. This is a typical and daily remark Miss Mary Jane Palmer, registered nurse on the fourth floor of North Hall, makes to her patients. Coeds will persist staying up studying and talking and then expect Miss Palmer to make them feel like a million dollars for an eight o’clock that same morning. After a spread of crackers and cheese, chocolate candy, and cokes, Miss Palmer js the one to fix up that stomach ache. Miss Palmer, who is a short, dark-haired person, received her nurse’s training at Englewood Hospital, Chicago, Illinois. She has worked for 16 years in Chicago hos-
pitals, holding such positions as Superintendent of Nurses, Supeivisor ‘ of Obstetrics, and Anesthetist. However, she is more interested in taking care of ope individual patient than in doing institutional work, where they are many patients. Having come originally from Logansport, this efficient nurse, after her successful training expedience in Chicago, came to WRH two years ago. She accepted the position because she likes young people. Many patients have waited in the infirmary room “looking forward” to the door’s opening and the familiar greeting, “Come in, Mary, what can I do for you this morning?” After this congenial question, Mary
enters a well-oi-dered hospital room. This room of white, sterile instruments and sparkling equipment may scare Mpry at first, but Miss Palmer soon has her talking about her next class or that coke date. Of course, the most - pleasant looms of the infirmary are the restful bedrooms which accommodate 15 patients. Miss Palmer has made them feminine and pretty with colorful rugs and draperies. During the measle epidemic a few months ago these beds were simultaneously occupied. These “really not sick girls” had to be persuaded not to wiite letters and read magazines. At the present time sunburn is the cause for daily trips to the
WRH infirmary. After several hours in the hot summer sunshine to get the desired shade of tan on those arms and legs, the suffering coed knows that Miss Palmer is the one to fix up the blistered skin. “Monday is my dollar day rush for appointments,” explains the WRH nurse. After a strenous week end of little sleep, rich foods, and bright rays of the sun, the coeds are ready for some skin oil or an aspirin. The infirmary was established when the Halls were built so that residents could receive 24 hour medical service—the Health Service taking care of the girls during the day and the infirmary giving
aid during evenings and week ends. Although contagious diseases are not ordinarily cared for in the infix mary, it does help out in times of emergency. A Lafayette hospital during the spring measle epidemic had 26 cases to hospitalize, so WRH kept their girls in the infirmary to ease the situation. Miss Palmer believes the average resident has good general health but poor hygienic habits which cause many aches and pains; however, when coeds do get ill, whether they are actually ill or just ill enough to get out of class. Miss Palmer is always ready to help with a smile that is the beginning step of her treatment.
Indiana, having figured in ipiDijr
prominent court cases. While
ing in the Indiana. General Assembly from Indianapolis he eoimeivtsd and wrote the law which created Indiana State Board of Acqpim^ the model for many other states. He has always been a devoted
alumnus of the University. Promotion Of Union Building
Cole, the new trustee, is widely known in contracting and building ciicles of the state and nation. He is one of the originators of the Union and was one of the original promoters of the present Union Building, conceived by the class of 19IS. He was business manager of t^e Debris while in the University; chairman of Gala Week committife and was active in all student affairs. For many years he has h/ign in the contracting business having built many millions of dollars
worth of public projects.
His latest big job was construction of the Kingsbury Ori^u^e Plant near LaPorte and the Southern Illinois Ordnance Plant at Ciar“ bondale. His son, Charles Jr.*
1942 civil graduate of the
sity, and member of the ffifim., pf Charles Cole & Son, is now ensign in the Navy. ,^ "I
■ 3
V I
Purdue Exponent
Tui^sday^ Jul^ 13^
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 strorfs, pieldhouse, Ph6tie 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
S eti»rai7 Editor..
etloraiT Witor
BSitlhCSS iitiiHiia'it..
With the Colot^
...Wniittm G. HoBklns Dale E. Butz G^t^hard H. Klouhiftn
idilpr Bosincss Manager News Editor Mihagine Editor Aotteriislrur Manager.. Cttitil ^MitiiS...
....Httberi W. BeswwiMe Mary. Oiits Satly Beall Donald E. Bretyer A. Jane Kelm Joseph S. DaVson ;.... „Jean liSiier
Publication Staff Editorial Staff ’’ Associate Editors: H. B. Abbett, C. C. Martindell, E. F. Myrj^hy. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Com BthE: Btith Fdtd, Madelyn Grothbs, Katherine Howea. bpotU Staff: R. M. Lipbs, R. J. Sitiith, C. £4 Sowarde,
Business Staff Assistant AdTertising Manager : C. L. Gaunt, tdiyoat Director: J. B. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Saderman.
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Sqnlei
^^iter*in*Chlef„
Staff For This tsftue f Niaht Editor: Howes Day Editor: Ford Editer: M&Hixtdc!l Isfi^e Editor: Kropf ileporters: Steffes, Swerdloft, Tuesburg, Kropf, Margolis, GfbWSon. .
Ectered as second class matter at the post office in LafayOfibh Indiana^ Ptider the act of Congress of March 8, 1679, at the special rate of postage provided for in section hct of October 8, 1917, authorized Januapf 20, 1922. jpublisbed on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday morninge dur.the year, eiicept certain vadatioh periods. Delivered daily W carrier for ^1.25 for a semester; by mail for .$1.GO for a l^inester; 'thibscriptions may >e-obtained at the Exponent, office or at the West Desk of tne tinion. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers KepresentativeS, 420 |^^dt4on Ave., New York, N.l'Y.^, ,
l'. ^ TM Rgg.'U.'S'. Ni. OA' BOUND tyrant#^^EAftlon ■ [||j||iden| |dWai|s Selfish PresSMfo groups in Congress; Chi- ' 0§|pahs Ihltiai'e Giilei'fe . -fitifinf his 17 years in Congre.ss, vfetBrjan Riept'esentative Jed Johnson of Oklahoma has a practice of calling on the incumbent President at .'die end of each sessloti f bf a chat on legislative mattei's. A significant thing about these visits is that Jbhilsoh usually found the chief executive in an unhajDpy mood about Gongress. i^olidge always was glum and critical. He said he got no cooperation from the legislators. And when Johnson called on Hoovet in early 1933, after his defea,t, Hoover unleashed a ripping tirade to the effect that Congress was responsible for all the economic evils of that period. Plf®^ideht Roosevelt didn’t entirely upset this tradfdun When Johnson visited him the day the 78th Congress recessed for the summer. Roosevelt also \vi4S irked about Congress’ Vvlshy-washy attitude on inflation. However, Roosevelt was more philosophical thah belligerent The President said that too many Congressmen were concerned, about the prosperity of their own districts, instead of looking a't the whole picture. This was true both the farm and labor blocs in Congress, the President said, although the farm bloc was more strohgly entrenched. : If pressure groups had their way, he added, we would have a repetition of conditions during the last 'Wai' When corn rocketed to $1.44 a bushel and cotton sold for 40 cents a pound. Should, the administration make a price concession on one commodity, the President remarked, there would be a stampede of demands for boosting price ceilings Oh all other commodities. This stampede would be difficult, if not impossible, to stop. ■ **lt’s the old story about the camel getting his nose under the tent, Jed,” said the President. “Once he does it, the chances are he’s going all the way in.” f^OTE; The current price ceiling on corn is $1.07 a bushel while cotton is selling for about 18 cents a
pbUhd.
Gilletle Boom Grows .There is mure than meets the eye behind the backstage grooming of Senator Guy Gillette of Iowa to be President of the United States. ^^bespite the denials, Jim Farley let part of the cat out of the bag when he called an ultra secret luncheon of anti-Roosevelt Senators in the Capitol the other day to .push Gillette’s nomination, but there is a lot more than Jim Farley behind the Real fact is that Gillette’s candicacy was first itthpired ahd privately pushed by a group of wealthy Chicago buBmesstnen who sponsored the America First CoiUBtittee. Farifey wasn’t in on the ground floor with Gilfirst. He leaned toward Senator Harry Byrd of V^ginia as the ideal Democrat to pick up Republicati^tbs and defeat. Ruosevelt. However, when he saw the Chicago support and money for Gillette he glad to go along. |lte big money boys in Chicago who are pushing Gillette argue that food will be a tremendous political isStie in the 1944 campaign, so a midwesterner would candidate. HjiV also point out that Gillette is on the Senate A^ibultural Committee where he has done a good job, and UUQuestionably showed the Administration EOffap :real pointers on synthetic rubber. Also the fact that Byrd is the biggest apple grower in'/fjie world, and has followed a wage scale which him neither to farmers noi- labor, would not h«||/:hi6 candidacy in the crucial midwest. ^rategy of the Chicago backstage boys i.s that the JpiBn who can defeat Roosevelt for a Fourth is a Democrat who must win the Solid South ilso win Republican votes. They believe Gillette ^..^do both. tlrbeir plan is to nominate him on the Democratic then urge the Republicans to nominate him too. piDtE: This may be good strategy on paper, but beard of the Republican Pai'ty nominating when they could smell victory themselves. TfiH^-^ne reason the boys don’t even warm up to •ore Rtiml Baby? ppgBst,chuckle Capitol Hill enjoyed just before was over the efforts of .Republican leaders
A Word To The Wise Saturday Bight’s rat race in the South Ballroom of the Union was a good example of how not to run a servicettieln^s entertalnniient. i'he idea was good-attempting to acquaint the new men on the campus with the coeds and Vice versa. However, sponsors of such dances in the future Can take many lessons frofn Saturday’s melee. The main objection to the dance was tbe lack of organization to the affair. There were chaperones whose duty, besides chaperoning, was to help with introductions. However, grkduates feel rather conspicuous doing Such things. At this point ed and coed hosts and hostesses were needed to mix the crowd, since they would know the students and their reactions better because they, too, are students. This is not implying that chaperones could not do the job, but just bringing out the fact that students would feel more at ease doing it and would be more easily accepted by the students. There was a need of someone Saturday to break the ice between some of the coeds and the men. Another evidence of the lack of organization was the number of stags in the middle of the floor who crowded the dancers into a small and very warm space. Good organizers could help keep the crowd back, so to speak. Even though this dance involved a great number of people, there could have been more planned dances with a master of ceremonies to keep everyone posted on what was happen-
ing next.
Other objections to the dance were about individuals and not about the dance aS a whole. Many of the servicemen objected and rightly to the seemingly impolite cqeds who refused to dance with them, giving the excuse that they were waiting for someone. Granted this excuse is legitimate at times, but it can be carried to an extreme . Many people objected to the number of regular eds who crowded the floor, since this dance was mainly for servicemen. Still more complaints were leveled against the people who came just out of curiosity and did not enter into the fun of the dance. They were the ones who formed most of the crowd in the middle of the floor. Most of the people who went to the dance and danced had a good time, which shows the potentialities of such entertainment. Let’s
“I don’t understand it. For years my wife fooled the doctors with them very same symptoms.”
Auburn announces a new type of contest which shoiilci be a boon to “pin ups”. Nine men have been nominated as Auburn’s “Ugliest Man”, and the winner will be presented
Editor, Purdue Exponent Lafayette, Ind.
Dear Sir:
Contrary to popular belief, the Purdue Engineer is not thinking about discontinuation of publication and the University faculty is well pleased with the present ope-
ration of the publication.
The Engineer was started in 1907 .jig" ^ ^ny such offensive. as a quarterly publication known as X.X— the Purdue Engineer Review, and At the time of the Australianhas developed to a monthly publi- American offensive in the Solomons cation with a wide circulation and .(.jjg American people were of the varied subjects of interest to all as opinion that the European situation well as to every engineer. going to be left for a future Recently appointed to the posi- date. This has been proven a very tion of a faculty coordinator. Prof, wrong guess, and it has also proven
By Jack Abbett
‘ Canadians have always been sensitive about sending tlieir own troops to foreign fields of fighting and this war was not an exception, but the whole Canadian population sehms to have lifted its veil of dislike against Capadians fighting this war on foreign soil. The majority of the people in fact have been clamoring for'their troops to get into action. The news, that Canadian troops were playing an important part in the fighting in Sicily seems to have brought " ,n —i—cheers even from the French- their morale is very apropo of the /-I J. ., 1 1 conditions that these “friends of Canadians, possibly because democracy” are trying to create In these anti-war pehple kkve a this country, feeling that their mother coun- ■'
try—France—is in 1;he direct path of an invasion of Europe. If this is a definite change in the thinking of the French-Canadians then the world has seen one of the most isolationist people adopt wha,t might be called a world complex. Canadian troops have always proven themselves iiV battle; for they seem to have the sam? qualities that make
the U. S. soldiers such good fighters. — • , —X-X—; . : The following companies are not Russia has_ finally been forced to . scheduled to visit the campus; how-
ever, they are interested in students
for Employment:
Metallurgical Hlesearch Laboratory, Republic Steel Corporation, Canton, Ohio—^Interested in Chemists, Ch.E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, July 14. E. I. Dupont De Nemours & Company, Parlin, N. J.-—Interested in Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, .July 14. Machine Gun Plant, Saginaw Steering Gear Division, General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—Interested in M.E., E.E., P.S.E. Sign in Personnel Office by
Wednesday, July 14.
Personnel Notes Companies sctieduled to visit the
campus:
The Glenn L. Martin Company, Baltimore, Md.---Date to be announced. Interested in August and December Ae;E., M.E., C.E., E.E.,
p.s.e:
do some hard fighting by the mass German offensive- in the south central area^f Russia extending from Orel to Bielgorod. This heavily fought for area has one of the main railroads running from Kharkov to Moscow, and consequently the holding of this area by the Germans will mean the rerouting of many supplies over a much longer line. Russia has claimed that the Germans are losing on every front, both in men and supplies and in ground. But even with the destroying of 400 tanks in a single engagement the Russians have refused to cai’ry these losses into their own offensive. There is no explanation for this refusal to start some action against the Germans, and the Rus-
have more of these dances in the future, but with a beautiful bouquet of fresh Bolz of the Mechanical School is ac- that many of the anti-administra let’s also have a little, more thought put into vegetables. The title includes the the over-burdened tion Americans are clear off the
the next. Spur of the moment affairs are some-’ to be all-campus “pin-up” man
for the year.
Jnformation can be obtain at the
sians do not seem to be preparing regarding employanything which will be a forerun- ^^gnt opportunities in the Indiana
State Service for:
Power House Engineer Plant Maintenance Engineer
Interviewer Bacteriologist
Welfare Visitor Buy War Bonds
times fun but more often they fall fa:r short
of expectations.—r.m.f.
—E-P—
Students at the University of Washington chipped in to finance building a barbecue pit. Completed it to find meat shortage prevented
their using it.
-E-P—
staff to produce a better magazine. The Purdue Engineer will continue
to he published monthly.
(Signed)
—J. T. Kimbrell.
to disavow complete pafentage of the Ruml pay-as-you-go income tax program. They wanted it clearly understood that Democrats helped produce the baby. ....A few months ago, astute, popular Representative
Joe Martin of Massachusetts, House GOP leader, was have this unusual item: Blood
all-out for the Ruml plan. However, now that it has Bank
beam when they have stated in the past that things are in such a mess in Washington that the United States could not possibly start a double offensive because of the lack of co-ordination in the capital. Two offensives have been started and up to date things have been going very sucdfessfully for us in spite of the
To the Exponent Editor:
After reading the recent editorial about the $6 Union fee, I have come
to the conclusion that the student supposed lack of co-ordination in
Prom the Syracuse Daily Orange receives absolutely nothing for this Roosevelt’s Washington. If these
expenditure of money. I had ex- very strong supporters of get Roose-
eampaignei's thought stu- pected that this editorial would velt first and then win the war would
become law and the cold facts about tax forgiveness jents were just fooling when they have been answered by Mr. Vallely decide that things could have been
for big incomes have sunk home, Martin and his lieu-
tenants have not been so enthusiastic.
Representative Wright Patman of Texas smoked his GOP colleagues out ou this delicate subject a fe>v days before the recess, declaring: “There is one bill that passed the Congress a while back that is strictly, solely and purely a Republican bill—^the tax bill. The Republicans wrote that bill and I am willing to give
them the credit.”
“The gentleman knows that is not a correct state-
lar conditions. Said one of the play-
ment,” countered Martin
....“I am sure the gentleman would now like to put the ers about the whole affair: “We just monkey on somebody else’s back,” shot back Patman, got tired of being rained out, so we
complained of colds—that is until or some other member of the Union ■'vorse in the last ten years under they syphoned a pint of Vicks Va- staff. But I guess that my expecta- Roosevelt, we would be one step porub from one donor. tions were in vain. By this I am led closer to winning the \^ar. The not-E-P— to presume that there is no justifi- so-new saying that the soldiers must rtiu • 1 • 1 able answer write the folks at home to keep up The rams came to Michigan and -■ . k ^
stayed according to the Michigan Today I went to the Union CafeState News. In pouring rain the teria to eat lunch. After standing in Spartans and the Titans of U. of D. for almost half an hour watchstuck it out in one of the few ten- ’^8' the townspeople in front of me nis matches ever played under simi- save their ration coupons, I paid
the high prices for food and ate my lunch. Of the people standing in line I would estimate that maybe one
“One part Of the tax bill that the people will object played anyway. I lost six straight three was a student. It seenis
to rather strenuously is the proposal by the Treasury games before I learned to scoop the
Department—the withholding part of the bill,” insisted Martin. “That was supported by Democrats.” “You had to have the withholding tax to pay what you were forgiving the war millionaires,” rejoined Patman smoothly. “Under the bill we forgave the millionaires seven or eight billion dollars, and you had to put over the 20 per cent withholding tax in.
order to pay that.”
Representative Bertrand Gearhart of California, the only Republican member of the Ways and Means Committee who fought the Ruml plan, remarked to a friend on the GOP side of the aisle: “It looks like the chickens are coming home to roost.”
Liftle Business
Some time ago, Guy Holcomb, energetic crusader
ball out of the two inches of water running across the court.”
—E-P—
Finch .lunior College is becoming very broad-minded in adding new courses to its curriculum. They now have language classes in Chinese, Greek, and Russian.
• —E-P—
The Washington Daily contributes this bit of embarassing news. “Bob Hoonan was frenzied yesterday. (Hoonan is general chairman of Senior Week) All of the $1.50 tickets to senior banquet were sold.
for the little business man, got an appointment with and nobody on the Senior Week Secretary of Commerce Jesse Jones to urge that he committee, including Hoonan, hud set up in the Commerce Department a bureau to bought theirs yet. And the Commit-
tee had to buy their way in because they forgot to include the customary comps in their budget. How do some people do it?
E-P—
Vanderbilt is ottering a new course in commas, dangling pai'ticlples, split infinitives, and spelling to the upper classmen who aye going to di.scover how the good old days I'eally wei'e. The refresher course is to be called the “Gremlin Grammar” course. Sounds like too much work.
—E-P—
According to the Daily Atlicnaian women are replacing men bus drivers and doing a little reforming for the army as well. It seems as
NOT E: Eventually Jesse did establish a feeble small though when men were driving business division in the Commerce Department. Meafi- the busses filled with .soldiers, they while, despite protests from other government bu- were filled with profanity. But now reaus, he has given office space, rent free, to big busi- with women in the driver's seat the ness concerns to plan their problems after the war. roar.of voices has stopped as well /-c.,... MI. Dov .. as the profanity that they bellowed.
aid little business. Secretary Jones listened attentively while Holcomb outlined his plan, finally interrupted: “What are the problems of small business?” Holcomb looked astonished. Jones Continued: “All small business ever wanted of me was to borrow government money.” “No, they don’t want to borrow money,” disputed Holcomb, “they want a square deal. They are not
chiseler^.”
“Well, you get me up a brief on the problems of small business,” replied Jones, “and I’ll study it.” “Mr. Jones,” Holcomb answered, “I appreciate your listening to me, but if you don’t know by this lime as Secretary of Commerce what the problems of small business are, then I haven’t got time to educate you. Thanks for the interview and the privilege of meeting
you after all these years.”
(See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4)
a shame that although the Union Building is supposed to be mainly for the enjoyment of the students, it is instead merely a community center for the townspeople of West
Lafayette and Lafayette.
I hope that the editors of the.Exponent will bring this fact to the attention of those who can remedy it so that the Union can live up to its slogan “The corner of the campus, yet the center of activities.”
Very truly yours, A Purdue Student
(Name withheld) H The chimes of Univoi’sity of Michigan will go to war. The five library bells that have .struck every quarter hour for moie than 50 years are to he melted for scrap as part of the University’s contribu-
tion to the war.
ARC COOL WASHtD AIR
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY
FIRST RUN WESTERN
— ALSO-— "ADVENTURES OF SMILING JACK NO. 3" —-PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
TODAY - TOMORROW
iiiinii
Mr AX ^ RICHAIIO UmUR • CARLSON Spring BYiNGT0N>MaHafe6ESTH Contiia GILCHRIST •lionidKINSKEY TO*'M*My DORSEY AND HIS ORCHESTRA CROSBY AND HIS ORCHESTRA
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
C’MON EVERYBODY! HE'S BACK FROM CASABLANCA! HIS ALL^TfffllE BEST!
JULIE BISHOP • Pane CLARK Screen hiy by John Howtrd Lewibn Based on a Sloiy by Ouy Qlipalrlo * Addlllonel DleloguibyA. i. Botteridee ffflSW.R.Svrnitt
TODAY- TOMORROW4 '-‘A”,uc-j^*''-
/ftK-'v”*--, *4.‘ 7 \?
I> f
»%
^rmy. Navy, Marine News
Tuesday^ Juiy 13. 1943 .1. . A...,
Uvk
' rolr Service Men, By Service Men
Local Soldier Ele$
ReJiabilitatian fplef AWOL, Desertions Uff. Of Military Offenses (Encountered^
By Cpl. Jack Martire
(The Second Service Command Rehabilitation Center at Camp Upton, New York, has been P^ed'a4 ;ah dxhmple id this series of three articles. The varionS^Cefitets majr differ slightly ift procedure but the general outline is the same). Of importance and interest to every soldier in the United States Army is the question: “What happens to those of us who ‘goof-off’ ?” What happens to those who are tried and convicted of the more serious mil-
Free Service Page Circulation To Stop With Next Issue The first two issues of the Exponent containing the army-navy page have been circulated free of charge to soldiers and'sailors stationed on the campus whether they live in fraternity houses or Cary Hall. Thursday’^ edition will also be distributed free in order to give the fellows an idea of what kind of a page their I’epresentatives can
write.
Due to insm’mountable obstacles the papers will not be distributed free after Thursday but only to those holding subscriptions. Subscription salesmen will visit each of the living units tonight in a order for the men to order their copies for delivery Saturday. Cost Can Be Shared For the sailors and marines whose term is 16 weeks long, the subscription price is $1.26. For the soldiers whose term is 12 weeks long, the price is $1.00. Broken down 'in terms of the number of men in a house the prices are not so large. If five papers are purchased for each house the average price would be 10 cents for each resident. This would purchase approximately 36
issues.
Salesmen will visit each unit tonight in order to take orders for the term beginning this week. It is understood that soldiers ai’e temporarily without funds so that orders for copies will take on down payment of 15 cents.
itary and civil crimes? What does the army do about these men? Are they pampered or are they made to sweat out their sentences under the most difficult conditions ? To answer all these questions, we must first ujiderstatid the various kinds of offenses and the various types of pris-
oners.
Mostly AWOL, Desertion
The great majority of men who end up in Rehabilitation Centers are convicted of AWOL or desertion and are punishable under the Articles of War. Then, of course, there are those crimes which are considered offenses in civilian life as well as "n the army. Such crimes as larceny, murder, rape, arson and many oth-
ers are punishable by the AW’s.
There are limits to what each of threg types of court-martial may give as a sentence to a convicted man. For example, a special court, composed of a minimum of three officers, may not give a sentence of more than six months. A general court may sentence to death and is limited only by the specific Articles of War and their accompany-
ing punishments.
Two Divisions Of Prisoners The sentence is the criterion used to make the two main divisions or classifications of prisoners in the army. Thus a general prisoner is one who has been found guilty by a general court and is sentenced to a dishonorable discharge or a “kick” as it is affectionately known. This kick may be suspended, but if that specification calling for a DD was in the approved sentence, then the man is a general prisoner. All others are called garrison prisoners. A man may be tried by a general court and only given a six months sentence. Thus he would be a garrison prisoner even though tried by the highest court. Also, a man tried by a special court cannot have moie than a six months sentence, but we have cases where a garrison prisoner has ten months to do. That is because he was found guilty of two separate charges by two special court-martials. There are all sorts of interesting and peculiar varia-
tions.
Policy Different In Last War In the last war convicted soldiers were given little chance to redeem themselves. Those convicted of more serious crimes were sent to some federal institution such as the D. B. (disciplinary barracks) at Fort Leavenworth or were given dishonorable discharges and thrown out of the army completely disgraced. In many cases this was all for just one mistake, and the real criminals were not differentiated from those who erred but once. By this process the ai my lost the manpower and the individual lost his rights of citizenship and usually all his self-respect. Nothing was gained by this and in the present war the army has been foresighted and intelligent enough to realize that fact. That is why the Rehabilitation Centers have been set up. Process A Weeding-Out One To separate “the wheat from the chaff” and salvage those men worth salvaging is its whole purpose. It is a weeding-oLit process. Those men worthy of the right aie restored to full standing as a soldier; those deemed unlit for one of many reasons are disposed of. Restoration is the aim, the “mission”, of these centers and all efforts are made in that direction. The men are given every chance to prove themselves, and clemency consideration is foi thcoming as soon as pos-
sible.
The army needs men, and the Rehabilitation Centers were set up with the specific purpose of restoring as many soldiers as possible to their honorable status. (The second in this series of articles will be devoted to the process through which the men go and by which the^ai>e eventually restored).
Letters To The Editor Dear m.a.g.; Since you are just like the girl I left behind, I know you’ll take this letter in the intended spirit. You spoke for the Purdue Coeds—but since I am in no position to do the same for the Purdue AST men-^ please consider this one individual’s opinion. 0,ur Coeds have not struck me as being cold or unfriendly, but rather to the contrary. I have found it quite unnecessary to whistle or make ‘cracks’ at the fair lassies in lieu of gaining their congeniality. And am sure the majority of men have found the same true. I am troubled by the fact that the girls feel they are not being respected in the manner they are accustomed to. It is true you know, that we have attended excellent Colleges and Univeisities ranging from the Atlantic to the Pacific—and hence this is not our first contact with female students of your exalted social position. Since all privileges extended depend upon our conduct I hope you will not judge us too rashly or too quickly. For now the tables are turned and we pre the ones with the ‘fear’ complex. Our ‘fear’ is that the Coeds will not accept us, but instead adopt the hostile attitude you seem to foster. I’m a Hoosier by birth, and up ’till the time I became a soldier, I enjoyed equal privileges with the Purdue Giil. But then, alas, overnight I forgot the careful twentyone years of rearing my family afforded. Doesn’t seem possible, does it? Well it isn’t. —KIRK W. BASSETT.
Patter Kt. Morris Better, USAC
In a week or more of first impression's, the' one that seems to stand 6u't moet is that Soldiers, at least sffeh latge nunibers 'of th^m, are somewhat of a novelty around here. The fir^t indication came from a gas Statidn attendant When < he remarked rather offhandedly as he made telephone change foi‘ me: “ looks like this isn’t jgoing to be a sailor’k town any mdrd.” The next hint came from a woman who gave me a lift to town one evening. “We’re used to uniforms] around here,” she said, “we’ve alv^ays had the ROTC on the campus, but never any real soldiers.” Her emphasis on “real” embarrassed me somewhat. Then there’s the way the youngsters have been lining the streets when we march to the Union Building for chow and giving us snappy salutes, bless ’em. An aged woman who abandoned her rocking chair, rushed to the gate as fast as her years would let her and with almost genuine anguish, exclaimed: “Say, boys, where are you going—to WAR?” Now that we traipse by three times daily, she acknowledges us patriotically with an audible,” “ there they go—left, right, left, right!” We smile, pleased that the kids don’t throw stones at us and assume that even if we are a novelty, we’re a welcome one. To many of us, a campus of this sort and being housed in Halls and Frat houses is likewise a novelty— and a welcome one. At least, its a welcome departure from the traditional ;army posts and barracks to which ^we’ve grown accustomed in the past months. Don’t get me wrong it isn’t a life of lush comfort, nor will it be. There’re still windows to wash, grass to cut and furniture to be shuffled, but on the whole, we’re pleased with the setup, Lafayette, and the campus. What We Like Altho it troubles the conscience a bit, the un-GI-ish housing and bedding facilities Some of the prominent building on the campus —’specially the Music Hall, the Union Building, and the Fieldhouse That lush bit of pulchritude that dishes out coffee for the V-12s (lucky dogs) The way the sailors turn a corner with a flank movement The distance to Chicago. What We Don't Like The sign in town that announces that no liquor will be sold to enlisted men in uniform—and this after 18 months in parched Oklahoma. . . . The patronizing attitude employed my “m.a.g.” in her editorial lament in last Saturday’s Exponent—Yil.... The long line at chow. All in all, tho, we just can’t pooh-pooh Purdue.
we understand that they still continue to retire at night without looking under their beds to see if some service man is lurking in some dark shadow of one of the bedposts. In any event, we promise never to whistle unless whistled at or speak unless spoken to. We promise to be cold when you are cold, smile when you smile. We promise—Now may we come to your party? —MILTON MILLER.
Alabama Polytechnic institution offers a bit of humor along with its military information. One student came fortli with this bit of information: “In case of asphyxiation, apply artificial i;espiration until the patient is dead’*'.
Dear m.a.g.: And so it happened! A statement finally came forth through the press announcing the origin of the strange gleam in every co-ed’s eye when a service man looks into them. It is fear. Apparently this phobia is caused by a very unique kind of whistle which is usually followed by some hair-raising remark like “Hello, girls”, or “Hi, lassie”, or just “'Hi”. About out gals we left behind—■
Dear m.a.g.:
Your editorial admonition, your slap on the wrist, as it were, has taken us by sui-prise. Our reputation is all too-well known and not denied by us, and in a sense, perhaps, this was to be expected. After all, when a wolf meets a sweater girl, there’s bound to be a little friction, a little fur is bound to fly. But we scratch our head in wonderment nonetheless—one would think you’d be conditioned by this time, fair ones. Engineers, we understand, have a reputation akin to ours and sailprs travel in packs, too! 1 However, understand us, please— we dogfaces have, for the most pait, had a rather cloistered existence in the army, and our sensitive hearts “leap up when we behold an angel in disguise”. Our side glances, our low moans, our whistles (one short and one long) — all of these are tribute to you—a sign of recognition and appreciation. Take us with a grain of salt. Our bark, you’ll find, is worse than our bite. Break down your reserve and acknowledge our whistles and cracks with a “howdy, soldier” and a generous display of pespodent personality—and we’ll understand
one another.
While we’re on the subject, it might be in order to send out an appeal in an effort to discover who the £o-ed was that stopped momentarily at our table in the Sweet Shop at the Union the other day
Varied Insignia Dot Campus At a baseball or football game the program seller’s favorite saying “You can’t tell who they are without a program,” may be applied to the soldiers on the campus.” “You can’t tell whaf the insignia means without a program.” It is the purpose of this column to furnish the program. A large number of units are represented by the various insignia worn on the campus khaki and will be identified with some references to the unit they represent. Fifth Service Command Pictured above is the familiar fifth service command badge which is being worn by service men serving in the ROTC unit here and also by a number of new trainees. It is a five sided figure with a blue background. Long Service At University Sgt. T. J. Purchla is one of the more well known men of the unit by virtue of his long service to the University. In 1941 Sgt. Purchla was the winner of the leather medal award, which is presented by Sigma Delta Chi annually for the man who has made the greatest contribution to the welfare, success, and prestige of the University during that year. Sgt. Purchla, or “Shorty” Purchla as he is more familiarly known, has served the University for 24 years. He is responsible for the All-Amex’ican Band’s perfect marching formations. Marines Begin Stiff Program By Pvt. W. I. Pierce USMC “Well, the Marines have landed and have the situation well in hand” as the saying goes. Our time, the first few days, has been crowded with drill, exercise, physical check-ups, chow line and more drill. Each man has been taught how to make up his bunk or “slack”, and then the correct technique of rising from it at 5:45 a. m. every morning. All quarters must be impeccable, no dust under rug,
men.
No Cutting 8 o’clocks As for our “book laming” we can be sure we’ll at least be at class. The discipline committee doesn’t recognize cutting 8 o’clocks. On the local female situation we hear a multitude of theories. Every man has his own tastes; and from what has been observed, the University is able to qualify with all the flavors. Tender Thanks The maiines want to take this opportunity to thank the University staff for their help and understanding during the rigors of registration. We sincerely hope to make this program here smooth woi'king, with cooperation and successful completion as our goals. Schedule Of Evenis Friday, July 16—7:00 P. M. — Movie for members of Student Union in Purdue Music Hall. Feature —“High Explosive”, Newsreel and Short Subject. Saturday, July 17-8:30-11:30 P. M.—‘I Dance under the Stars”— Women’s Tennis Courts, (University St. near noith end of campus). Sponsored by Associated Women Students. 8:30-11:30 P. M. — Dance in North Ballroom of Memorial Union Building. Admission to couples only. Sponsored by Associated Women Students. 8:30 P. M.—USD dance,—USO Lounge^—6th & Ferry St., Lafayette, Ind.
On Furlouglii By Pfc. Gabriel Elias "Answer To MA<3gie" Dear m.a.g.: The boys are in arms; antagonism and bitterness ai'e rife. It that what you desired ? Sorry, m.a.g., if it’s rude of a serviceman to write, without an introduction, to a respectable, shy, fearful Purdue Co-ed. Believe me, I would r(ever have been so awfully aggressive had not your editorial exhibited a pattern of conduct which those of us, who yearn for American democratic good will, deplore. You and every respectable American must have regretted the irrational undemocratic outbursts of hatred recently visited upon a Northern arsenal city, a Southern defense center, and upon a West Coast metropolis; but have you done more? Have you been lifted out of the prevailing complacent smugness to exclaim, “American ideals are threatened! Intelligent public opinion must be activated to preserve democracy at home!” Have you worried, worried and tried to understand the forces leading to these conflagrations ? No, of course you have not; for, if you had, a person of your intelligence would have recognized the pattern of mob thinking common to all racist mob disturbances; and you would have combatted in yourself the sloppy, irrational, herdlike, emotional thinking displayed in your editorial. Study the effects of your statement and be thankful that you have given us a free valuable object-lesson without inflicting the customary'-consequences. Learn your lesson, and worry about it. Learn to recognize the technique of incitement pursued by the deliberate purveyors of prejudice; and, please don’t ever become an unwitting distrust-disseminator your-
self.
True, you did hedge your statements with qualifications that leave a back door for retreat, but, certainly, a person of your inteligence understands the power of the printed word and realizes that qualified mis-statements are often
Marines Begin History In Revolutionary Times Continental Congress Authorizes Corps On Eve Of Independence By Pvt. K. Rosenthal, USMC The United States Marines has a history of service which is said to have the envy of every armed serviceman in the world. The corps was authorized by the continental congress in 1*775. Marines served throughout the Revolutionary war. It was through their efforts that many a naval battle was won by the newly formed American Navy, Through the rest of the century the Marines servdd their doubly poisonuous because they Country in every strife which lure the confidence of the unsus- the young nation had to fac6. pecting reader by baiting him with After the turn of the eighan appearance of fah-ness. teenth century the Corps took You tell us that we, new service part in operations on foreign men, have tagged the co-eds as soils. In 1805, Lt. P. N. O’Bannon, cold. How erroneous, petty and im- and his men raised Old Glory over mature! We, in our Saroyan-like an Old World fort for the first idealism, admire the beduty of dll time. It was this incident that proPurdue Co-eds; for, are not all peo- vided the famous “To The Shores df pie beautiful? Spinoza—like, we Tripoli” words in the Corps official object not to your attitudes; for, hymn. after all, “that which is, must be From that day down to the presgood.” We, as students of the great- ent the Marines have served in est of the religious teachers, hurl no many foreign lands and island outepithets, conceive no animosity, and posts. They" have helped restore stoop not to criticism; rather do we civil order in many a foreign counturn the other cheek, and love you- try after a period of revolutionistic all with the deepest of brotherly outbreaks, most notable of these • incidents being Haiti, Hondxuras You tell us that Co-eds fear us. and China. How unfortunate a generalization! Besides being of service to the M.a.g do you know that our men American citizens living in these have met, and have enjoyed the countries, the Marine has quite a charming friendship of your sis- record of service to the American ters? Only in very rare instances public at home. They have always has any one of us met the kind of been on hand where the trouble Was self-wrought pathological dread ex- the hottest. pected of the sheltered female who Twice during the 1920’s the Marationalizes her own instability by rines were called out to halt series blaming a psychological scape-goat, of mail robberies which had pro—like service men. gressed beyond the control of civil Please, please, m.a.g., do not gen- authorities, eralize. Perhaps you are cold; per- the first World War the Fifth haps you fear us, but please do not Regiment was one of the first attribute to, or inculcate into, your American war organizations to sisters your own insecurity. Avoid I'each France, sailing from the generalizations based on individual American shore only five weeks afexperience. ter Uncle Sam’s entry into the con(to be completed next issue). . ' Pfc G ELIAS Their unit was soon followed by the Sixth Regiment au^ .the^S-jjith
Marine Gun battalion. These three units were organized as the Fourth bridgad of marines and was assigned as one of the two infqntry bridages of the second Division,
A.E.F.
They then engaged in eighf operations in France, of which four were major offensives. This brigade won numerous citations and France
500 Man Army Destroys Ocean This article first appeared in the Oklahoma Daily.
HOLLYWOOD—The United States army has destroyed an awarded the three units the French ocean. foun-agere and on their colors, the
The ocean is a famous body of water than can be accurately
located at 118 degrees, 20 minutes, 20 seconds west longitude, by 34 degrees, nine minutes north latitude—or by dead reckon-
ing and taxicab at Warner '
'Cary Hall' Houses Navy Ships' Service In South, West Halls Aboard the good ship “Cary Hall” is what the Navy and Marine Corps call ship’s service. It is quite similar to the army’s post
exchange or canteen.
In the ship’s service we can buy toilet articles and that tobacco and stationery which we forgot to purchase the last time we were ashore. The girl friend back home isn’t
It’s for the final number of the forgotten by the ship’s service, for
Brothers studio.
Its tides, whitecaps and storms are controlled by the studio plumbing department, and it is the only maritime thing of
its size under one roof.
Fools The Public
Sheltered by stage 21, it has appeared effectively in a number of motion pictures, and each time it
has fooled the public.
Now, at the army’s order, it has been drained off, and the pr-ovision-al task force of the army making Irving Berlin’s “This Is the Army” into a film has taken over with 500 men in full field equipment, armed
with bayoneted rifles.
ribbon of the Croix de Guerre. The present war is no exeeption and, the Marines ai-e gaining for themselves much distinction. They have been the spearhead of Navy attacks on Japanese held Islands, and the Marine Air Corps is Jiaking the place alongside its brothers mf the air, the Army, Navy Air
Corps.
and made some cryptic remark about Purdue being a school where the gills whistled at the soldiers. C’est la guerre! Signed: PVT. MORRIS BETTER, U. S. Army.
show. There was no other stage in the world that would house 600 armed men in close-order drill, a star-spangled backdrop five stories high, and a reasonable facsimile of Uncle Sam and an American eagle with a 75-foot wingspread. ^ As the soldiers march in full field equipment along with a supplementary 200-man cadre from the 174th infantry, they are under 12 ft., 6 in. nose of Uncle Sam and the awesome spread of the screaming eagle. He gets what he wants with an odd mixture of stage lingo ^nd military command. Nearby is an army doctor with assistants, for bayonets are sharp and men are scarce these days, says Dr. Michael Curtiz, who would rather direct a cavalry charge than go to heaven, and who retaires to the sidelines to let the sergeant
run the show.
There’s A Difference You can tell the difference between the 174th infantry boys and the regulars of thp provisional task force. The regulars are not astonished by the fact that there are two ships, out of camera range but looming large and glamorous on each side of the stage. They are relics of stage 21’s seafaring days when Edward G. Robinson and Errol Flynn took to their boats. And the lads of the 174th think 21 is a pretty curious place.
there are gifts such as necklaces, bracelets and pins with the navy, and in the near future marine
corps, insignia.
Besides these the marine or sailor may also get that daily coke-or candy bar right aboard the ship, a convenience especially valuable when shore leave isn’t available. These ships service are provided for use of service men and women only and are located in South and
West Cary Hall.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
NOW H6'S UEUtOa) OF tHE U.S. NAVy.
BUY WiiRBCms^gSS
Puf3u& Expon^hf
TuesSdy, July 13, 194$
m I* I r I rN* I The Washington English Food Director *,„^^,.s<,„„j m||f*|| "IP II /% ^iifn A A (Continued from page 2) W III IAIk I IVA f W K 11 ii WASmNGTON—When you see WW III I Cl 11% \i^ W Cl w* F\m^ how Navy brass-hats get completeJohn W. Cassels, director of agriculture and food production ^ simple like ’ ^ , uniforms, you can get a better inin the county of Durham, northern England, is visiting the gig^t into why the Navy has been University this week. He is here studying Indiana’s war-time so inexcusably slow in building esfarming picture and telling how U. S. lend-lease equipment has cort vessels, using helicopters, and aided England’s food production. adopting auxiliary airplane car-
Since arriving on the campus Thursday noon, Mr. Cassels has been inspecting research ■ ' -
and extension work in agriculture being carried out at the University to pep up war-time production of food. Next Tuesday he will address the ^ Purdue Alumni Club at Indianapolis. Native Of Scotland Mr. Cassels, a native of Scotland and a graduate of Edinburgh University, is one of four British agricultural oflScials visiting this country at the invitation of the American government. In 1938 he founded the Durham School of Agricul-
ture.
On Thursday evening he addressed the 15th annual Rural Leadership School as well as speaking before a conference of county and high school superintendents. He conferred with the University agricultural engineers and agronomists. Tonight at eight Mr. Cassels will
broadcast over WBAA.
Tour Of Counties ' Mr. Cassels is spending a full week of speaking before different organizations in this vicinity and is taking a tour over a few counties in northern Indiana for the purpose of seeing how city boys are doing their part for food production. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the education and applied psychology divisions of the University and national head of the Victory Farm Volunteers, youth organization for farm work, will ac-
company him on his tour. Exchange Post
In a recent issue of the DePaul University publication this rash
statement was made:
“Women are no mystery”. They classify them into two types, the clinging-vine type, which is de-
BETTY LOU GERSOIN TAUGHT DRAMATICS
Betty Lou Gerson has the role of Marilyn Larrimore in “Lonely Women,” heard over Station WLW Mondays through Fridays at 3:15 p. m., EWT, She was a dramatic coach before attaining stardom in radio.
The inside story on the Navy’s new uniforms becomes more amazing as more leaks out. It is now revealed that last fall when the subject of new summer uniforms was debated, Procurement officials warned that new uniforms would strain the textile industry, so tkey Wanted notice well
in advance.
Finally, in December, Procurement officials got a promise that there would be no new summer uniforhis, but that the old khaki jobs could last another year, even if they did wrinkle at the shoulders and bag a bit at the knee. Just to make absolutely sure they would not be called upon to dig up several million yards of textiles at the last minute. Procurement officials actually got a written commitment from no less than the Secretary of the Navy himself, Frank Knox, stating that there would be no change in uniforms. But Knox did not count upon his clothes-horse Commander of the Fleet, Admiral Ernest King. The Admiral came back from London wearing a green uniform nattily gob up for him by a London tailor who caters to His Majesty’s Navy. It is the privilege of the Commander of the Fleet to wear any kind of uniAeromodeiers
30 Iowa Candidates Start Four Weeks Of Football Practice
(Continued from page 1)
his bag of instruments on the gridiron as some fallen football hero lays flat on the field. Model planes were given just as close attention.
Gliders Cause Surprise
The surprise of the occasion, especially to the mechanically minded engineers, was the hand
Forty-eight hours of summer launched glider. In every trial football practice, two hours each flight, the glider stayed up the
scribed as hard to get along with evening for 24 evenings, began longest. The planes with the small and as interesting as the kitchen yesterday for more than 30 Univer- gas motors seemed to be no comcupboard, and then there’s the man- sity of Iowa students under the di- parison to the lighter than air mod-nish-type \yho may be the grand rection of Coach “Slip” Madigan. els. It might not be an exact re-
daughter of a six-ton pavement roller. They went on to say that men should not listen to what a woman says, but to how she says it.
Just how do they get away AVith it the late afternoons.
or do they ? —E-P— University of_ Michigan
The new coach will woilywith a search experiment, but we have nogroup composed mostly of fresh- ticed the military forces give their men, di filing the men fiom 7 to 9 sanction for more gliders. This p. m. in order to avoid the heat of Model Airplane Meet definitely
shows that gliders have an impor-
tant place in our Air Age.
Practice wil close August 9, in accordance with conference rules
coeds which allow four Aveeks of drill dur-
were serenaded after closing hours ing the summer. It is the first time in true Latin American style. It was that football practice in July and reported that it was the first time August ever has been held in the
that this gala affair took place in league,
the history of the University. The Freshmen No Novelty
good-neighbor students strolled Avith their guitars from one Avomen’s residence to another, singing their favorite serenades and especially for lonesome senoritas. The
UuAvorried about the absence of A^eterans, Coach Madigan said that Avorking with freshmen is no novelty to him, for some of his squads at St. Mary’s in California has new
group known as the “South Ameri- nign in the majority, can Troubadours” Avill not disclose „mi 4. ^ 1 • 4.
4,1. • -j 4-4 4-, ,, That fire and enthusiasm of the
their identity until after the sere- 4-4 ^ ■ j- ■ .
youngster just p-epanng for inter-
p collegiate competition often makes
Moving? Civilian students Avho have changed their local places of residence during the last feAv Aveeks are requested to call at the Registrar’s office. Goldsmith’s office, and the Personnel Service on the ground floor of the Executive Building and give their neiv address. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. Goldsmith, Dean of Men L. Cason, Personnel Service
form he Wants, and King had let His Majesty’s tailor use his imagination. Overruling Knox When the Admiral walked into the White House, the President complimented him on his dashing new get-up, and suggested on the spur of the moment that the Navy adopt a similar uniform. “I wish you’d tell that to Knox,” said King. Whereupon the President proceeded to authorize Admiral King to go over the head of the Secretary of the Navy and order new summer uniforms for the entire Navy. This little act in itself will put such a strain on the textile industry that the rest of the United States may have to be clothes-ra-tioned. Sea Tests However, this wasn’t all. The natty green uniform of Admiral King, inspired in London, had to be taken out to sea on a battleship and subjected to camouflage tests to ascertain whether the enemy could see it. This required a lot of time and monkeying around. And finally slate gray was substituted' for green. Then the clothes-horse admiral and his sartorial cohorts conceived the bright idea of saving gold braid by having the stripes on an officer’s sleeve run only half way around, instead of all the way around. Accordingly such an order was, issued. Only then did the sartorial admirals discover that to change these stripes would take exactly 275,000 tailor man hours! And tailors these days are harder to get than textiles. Note: Worst result of the neAV uniform is the fact that it makes for economic discrimination in the Navy. The wealthy young officer can afford the new slate gray uniform and will buy one immediately, presumably winning favor Avith “Old Clothes-Horse.” But the officer who has to support a wife and family on a meager navy salary can’t afford the extra $100, so he Avill have to keep on wearing his old khakis, Avhich he can do under regulations until they are worn out. Hershey And WACS Not far from the Potomac River in Washington, tAvo apartment buildings have been converted to Avar purposes. The Potomac Park Apaitments serve as headquarters for Selective Service, while the building next door serves as headquarters and dormitory for the WACS. In their various duties, the WACS Avork three eight-hour shifts, with the result that almost any hour of the day mighfbe bedtime for one shift or another. It so happens that the WACS dormitory is located on the eighth floor of their building. Major General Lewis B. Hershey, Director of Selective Service, is also located on the eighth floor of his building across the street. One day the General beheld an unexpected sight out of the corner of his eye. His mouth opened. “Now I understand!” he cried.
'll:
Classified Ads
Typewriters t Adding msonines, all rnakea sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoffr MaiP, Lafayette. Phone 277fl. Money to Loan: (In diamonds, watchee, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's lipan Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted—To rent, alto saxophone, good condition. Call 76702. Buzz JHaeger.
SOUTHERNAIRES, Negro group who will present tonight’s program at Columbian Park. Rahn To Begin Firist Of Summer Concerts
Muriel Rahn and the Southernaires will present the first of this year’s series of six concerts at Columbian Park tonight at 8:15. Thjs series of summer “Under the Stars” concerts is being sponsored by the Park Recreational Center. The artists for the program. Miss Rahn and The Southernaires, are noted colored stars of radio and concert stage, and will present a varied program of traditional and semi-classical songs in joint concert. Program The program announced by Albert P. Stewart, general chairnran and director of music at the University, is as folloAVs: Murial Rahn—“Oh Love, But a Day” by Beach; “Will You Remember” f)'om May time by Romberg; “My Man’s Gone Noav” from Porgy and Bess by Gershwin. Southernaires—“Sunday Morning
Band; “Were You There?”; “Joshua”—all traditional. Murial Rahn—“Ritorna Vincetor” from Aida by Verdi. Intermission Southernaires — “Hiawatha’s Wedding Feast” Coleridge-Taylor; “Shoes” by Katherine Lockhart Manning; “The Rosary” by Nevins. Murial Rahn — “Listen to de Lambs” by William Grant Still; “Gwinter Sing All Along de Way” by William Grant Sill; “Life and Death” by S. Coleridge-Taylor. Southernaires—“We Are Americans, Too” by Blake-Cooke-Razaf; “Weatherbeaten Whitewashed
Church”.
Tickets t(ji the entire series of concerts are on sale for $1.98 and tickets to individual performances are $1.10. In case of bad weather the conceit will be transferred to the Hall of Music.
“Noav I know Avhy those young officers doAvnstairs come up to the eighth floor so often!” Dirk For President Illinois Republican Representative Everett Dirksen, sometimes called “Thorn-in-FDR’s side,” is taking seriously the talk of friends that he run for President of the United States. It all began Avhen Dirksen attended an alumni meeting at the University of Minnesota, his alma mater, Avhero the old grads started organizing Dirksen-for-President clubs. Now the distillery interests in Peoria, 111., near Avhere he lives, have taken it up and 25 Congressional colleagues aviU soon come out for “Dirk for President.” Hia most poAA'eriui oackstage pusher is Earle Smith of the Illinois Farm Bureau, Avhose Congressional spokesman he has been for many years. Merry-Go-Round Thanks to Admiral “Clothps Horse” a naval aviator noAV has to
worry about five different kinds of uniforms. He must have Avhite, blue, green, the new slate gray, and he already has the old khaki uniform Mrs. Cordell Hull believes in going to bat for her home town. When she heard the Army was putting up a hospital in Staunton, Va., she insisted that it be built of brick, even though all bids were in on the usual frame hospital buildings. The army yielded Later Mrs. Hull demanded that the brick buildings be ornamented Avith Avhite pillars and other colonial trimmings. Again the contract Avas changed. Mrs. Hull got her Avish Other' tOAvns Avhich got frame army buildings are noAv Avishing that the wife of the Secretary of State had spent ner girlhood Avith them Senator Cabot Lodge, Republican, of Massachusetts, Avill cover the round-the-Avorld trip of the five investigating senators for the Associated Press. Copyiight, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
Notices
Distinguished Students: Refunds are avail-
able in Cashier’s Office.
—HOLLINSBEE3
Glider Club: Meeting Wednesday night at 7 in the Union. Everyone please be there.
—SALISBURY
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting Tuesday, July 13, at 7 :16 p. m. Election of new members. Please reserve this date. See
Exponent for place of meeting.
—YINGST
August and December ME Graduates: If you wjint interviews with visiting companies get instruction sheets, ^'request for interview" cards, and company list in ME office this week. *—BOLZ Gimlet Actives: Pledging will take plaqe Wednesday, July 14, 1943, at 8 p. m. Meet at I5elta Tau Delta fraternity house. —MORRISON Skull and Crescent: Important meeting on Tuesday, July 13, in room 355 at 7 ;80 p. Vi. Elections will be held. Plans for picnic will albo be discussed. All Navy members are urged to attend. —KLEIN All unorganized Women: Meeting in PlA office Tuesday, July 13, 6:46 to 7:30 p. m. Plans will be made for the coed show on July Slst. —YOUNG Gold Peppers: Picnic, 5:30 Wednesday, July 14, behind stadium. Each girl bring her own sandwiches. Election of members. Compulsory. —LEUTY Tau Beta Pi: Very important meeting will be held Tuesday, July 13, at 7:15 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge. New pledges will be elected. Eveiy member should be present at this meeting. —YINGST SCA: Meeting will be held in SCA office Tuesday, July 13, at 7:30 p. m. —BURKHER Aetomodelers: There will be a meeting on Wednesday, July 14, at 7:3Q p. m. in loom 80 of the Union. All those who are interested in model airplanes are invited to attend. —QUINN Eta Kappa Nu Pledges: There will be an important meeting of all pledges in the EE Reading Room at 12:46 p. m. Tuesday, July 13. Please be prompt. —SMITH Eta Kappa Nu: Rough initiation will be Saturday, July 17. Actives please sign in EE office for the banquet Monday, July 10.
—CROUSE
Union Board: Board meeting will be held Tuesday, July 13, at 7 p. m. in the Student Union office. —HILLER Piayshop: Light crew report for work on Tuesday, July 13, at 4 p. m. at Fowler Hall. —MARTINDELL ASME: Meeting Wednesday, July 14, at 4 p. m., in room 108, ME Building. Two films, ‘‘P-T-19 Trainer" and "Winged Scourge", will be shown. The meeting is open to the public. —LEUTWILER Placement Notes For Women The WAAC is noAV selecting officer candidates from civilian status. Qualifications include: age from 21 to 50; a minimum alterness tqst score and at least four years of experience beyond the high school level in study, AVork, social or civic fields. College AVork may be substituted for the years of experience. Applications should be filed through the local recruiting office in the Post Office. Further information may be obtained through Placement Service for Women (2955).
There Avill be an interval of about
up for lack of experience. In fact, three Aveeks betAveen the close of
University of Oregon freshmen the younger men are apt to be eas- summer Avork and the opening of will be deprived of the time-hal- jgr to AA'ork Avith and have more fall drill Sept. 1. When the fall lowed practice of being ducked in (h.jvc than the veteran to whom practice opens, numerous additional the canlpus mill-pond but not be- football has become an old story,” freshmen, not now enrolled in the
cause of the efforts of the yearlings. The student discipline committee outlawed the practice Avhen the infirmary complained that it was housing too many students Avho had caught cold from being dumped into the icy waters of the stream.
—E-P—
Students at Carnegie Tech, according to the Carnegie Tartan are starving to death or words to that effect. Anyway notices Avere printed which the students could sign if they wanted the Grill to remain open on Sundays. That way students who have no place to eat on Sundays will be able to survive. ASME To Hold Open Meeting The Purdue Student Bianch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers aa'iII hold a regular meeting tomon ow at 4 p. m. A ncAv technicolor filnii entitled “P-T-19 Trainer” Avjll be shoAvri. This film shows the con.sti uction and use of the Air Corps’ most valuable piece of training equipment. In addition, Walt Disney’s latest film entitled “Wjnged Scourge” will be shoAvn. Critics who have seen this film acclaim it as one of Disney’s finest productions. The meeting will be held in loom 108 of the Mechanical Engineeiing Building and is open to the public. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Coach Madigan said.
University, will be available.
WAVES PERFORM IMPORTANT NAVY DUTIES
'■W'
“It’s all yours,” says this Yeoman 1/c as he turns over a batch of correspondence to fhe WAVE who is taking over his desk job. That they are both pleased is evident for he’s now free to be assigned to active duty aboard one of Uncle Sam’s ships, and she’s in the Navy playing an important part in helping win the war. As a Yeoman this WAVE is doing work for which her past experience best fits her. However, there are many other opportuniI ties for girls who can qualify upon completion of their training period.
Among them are jobs as Aerographers, Storekeepers, Aviation Machinists’ Mates, Radio Communications, Hospital Corps and Link Trainer instructors. The Link Trainer is used to train student pilots. A booklet, “How To Serve Your Country In The WAVES or SPARS,” outlines the types of jobs for enlisted women, the ratings, and the amount of money a WA'VE or SPAR receives upon joining the Navy. A copy can be obtained at your nearest Recruiting Station or Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Bras
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students
A CLASSIFIED AD
in
THE PURDUE EXPONENT