r
. (
EDITORIAL Comments Oh 1 Service Men's Vote Lme 56, No. 94
Established 1881
XfL04ieM ™ Welcome Back!
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
SPORT STORY Tefis Of DePauw Game Tonight Tuesday, December 28, 1943
Johnny Long's Band To Play In Union Saturday
illiott Talks At Juvenile Two New Acts Join Holiday Delinquency Meeting ]/jctory Varieties Program
,*'< ^ With oarticioants raneinc from ^
^IA To Hold
Elections
Senate To Supervise balloting January 7 Nominations for PIA executives have been completed and presented fht balloting. The list of the candidates nominated by the board is: President, Jim Ackerman, Art Hill, Jihi Perille; vice president, Stan LeSzezynski, Sibi Cerreto; coed executive, Betty Jane Ribordy and Hanky Davis; secretary, Mary Ann Diesslin, Avalyn Lane; treasurer, Lyle Crist and Ed Goetze. Elections will be held on Friday, January 7, when all independent students will be eligible to vote. The election will be run by the Student Sehate, as is the custom for campus wide elections. Covered Wider Scope Before the war the Purdue Independent covered a much wider scope than it is now possible for it to cover. They held four big dances a year, one of which was formal, and tea dances several afternoons a ihonth. They also put out every two weeks the PIA newspaper, the Purdue Independent, which publicized news of the coop houses, Cary Hall and the Women’s Residence Halls, independent student participation in sports and other activities. It is the intention of the PIA to stUrt a building up process and try to reach all independent students on the campus during war time. After the war plans include even more expansion. Reamers Club . . . announces the election of officers: A1 Lindscoog, president; Sebastian Serretto, vice president; Jim Ackerman, secretary; Jim Pecsok, treasurer, and George Archer, sergeant at arms.
Fowl News . . .
With participants ranging from
high school seniors to court judges, an informal conference was held yesterday in the Union, at which the various problems of juvenile delinquency were discussed. Early in the afternoon of the all-day meeting President Elliott made an in-
formal speech to the conferees. Two main points were, stressed in
the talk. He declared that the home is of extreme importance, and many youths become delinquent because of the improper training they received there. His second point concerned the fact that regardless of any advances of the machine, individual contact between both the potential and actual malefactors and the persons in position to prevent wrongdoing is still necessary in the
control of juvenile actions. Sponsored by the department of
education and applied psychology and under the direction of Prof. George Davis, this meeting of 25 persons interested in the problem was held in order to exchange views and ideas on juvenile delinquency. Other meetings are planned for the
futui’e.
An interesting part of the discussion was the presentation by a group of high school students of their ideas on how the adult leaders can mbst aptly handle the various problems. Being actually faced with the problems, the students are in a first hand position to describe
them.
Elliotf, Hockema Visit Sick Students On Xmas Students who were sick in the local hospitals Christmas Day received personal calls from President Edward C. Elliott and Prof. F. C. Hockema, executive dean. The college officials greeted and chatted with each patient and also brought flowers which were placed in the various rooms -and wards. There were from 16 to 20 sick students in each of the hospitals.
Two new acts which will add color and comedy to the show have been booked for the New Year’s Day Victory Varieties^ program and one act has been dropped, it has been announced by the committee. The new acts are The Gibsons, an European team which is now appearing at the National Theatre in Louisville and will open in January in the Radio City Music Hall in New York, and Elmer Cleve and Company, comedy musical act from the Oriental Theatre in Chicago. ^
Dropped from the show was Lischerone and Adams, adagio duo who appeared on the sec-
ond Victory Varieties.
Tickets for both the matinee and evening performance went on sale yesterday and Friday in the following stores: Decker’s, Glatz,
SR Cards, Passports To Admit Couples To Informal Affair Johnny Long and his orchestra will play for a Union-spon-sored New Year’s Day dance Saturday from 9 to 12 p. m. in both ballrooms of the Union, Bob Holmes, co-chairman of the publicity for Student Union, has announced. Admission to the informal dance will be by social recreation card, passport or ticket’; the tickets to cost
Dave Rankin Bags Two Dive Bombers
/
Over Bougainville First Lt. Dave Rankin, 24, marine fighter pilot and former University football star, is credited with shooting down two Japanese dive bombers over Bougainville, as stated by Associated Press. The son of Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Rankin of Warsaw, Rankin scored his double victory in intercepting 60 Zeros and dive bombers attacking American positions on Bougainville Island. Downs Bombers Working free from two Zeros who attacked him as he entered the fight, Lt. Rankin swooped down a flight of ten dive bombers. “The last Jap in the formation was my first target,” he said. “I let go at him with every one of my guns. He burst into flames and began slipping downward like a skyrocket in slow motion. Describes Experience “Passing over the crippled ship, I opened fire on the next in line. He started to burn and I watched him spin in circles into the ocean. The remaining bombers were too far off to catch, so I s’topped and took a long breath. “It was something like shooting ducks; getting the last one first and working up.” Lt. Rankin enlisted August 28, 1941, after graduating from the University, and received his wings September 4, 1942.
Bovee Receives Degree In History From Minnesota
Poultry Experts Work To Improve Callus Domesticus, Or Chicken
By Dale Kelly Trying to improve nature has been, and is, the hobby of many people, including more than a few scientists. Although, for some reason, they do not consider their work exactly a hobby. University poultry experts must be included in this group of reformists. In spite of how much “Sonny” laughs at the id6a of trying to improve “Mom’s” fried chicken, the average Gallus domesticus, or common chicken, is stjll far from perfect. Menus Improved i Maybe it’s entirely coincidental that men who themselves enjoy eating—as evidenced by their active participation in Poultry Club feasts of peace times—should devote a large part of their research to nutritional work. However, another thought is that maybe they think chickens enjoy eating, too, and just want to help their less educated friends (the chickens) enjoy a more appetizing menu. Whatever the reason is. Prof. Garrick and his colleagues are doing a worthy job of helping our “egg factories” get their proteins, minerals and vitamins in spite of the war-provoked shortage of poultry ^eeds. For instance, they are continually seeking for additional sources of, and uses for choline, pyridoxin, niacin, biotin, pantothenic acid, chondroitinsulphuric acid, etc. (Sh—easy on those names—if these hens knew what they are beipg fed they might go on a sitdown strike). And there’s no place for the “set-
ting” hen in the scientific poultry man’s flock. In the process of ferreting out the functions of various vitamins or factors, new substances are discovered occasionally. Examples of these, which haven’t been definitely identified, are known as grass juice factor, casein factor and factor W. Grass juice factor and casein factor are known to exist in green grass and casein, respectively, and are growth-promoting substances. Factor W, also a growth substance, IS so called in honor of the Wisconsin workers who discovered it. ' Hens Imbibe The hen of today really shouldn’t be too down-hearted. In spite of the shortage of meat scraps and fish meal, she gets a nutritious balanced diet—if Prof. Garrick’s suggestions are followed. However, if she does get the blues from thinking of the futility of her brief life, she can attempt to drown her sorrow by imbibing liberally of distillers’ solubles, a by-product of the alcojiolic beverage industry. These solubles are, incidentally, “swarming” with various vitamins, and probably will become an important constituent of poultry feeds in the future. Ghicken Gaterer Prof. Schnetzler is the cook of the poultry department. He usually can be found in his laboratory preparing beef tea or some such savory concoction for his hungry brood of bacteria. The poultry industry is bothered with bacteria (along with a few parasites of vaiious kinds—
human and otherwise). “Snetz’s” pet problem child is the inheritance of resistance/to pullorunf disease, a bacterial disease which is one of the poultryman’s many problems. Snetz also is starting an experiment with Dr. Bohren on inheritance of efficiency in food
utilization.
Apparently he is a sociologist at heart, and is attempting to build up class distinctions. According to Prof. Schnetzler’s somewhat aristocratic theory, all chickens are not “created equal” and he is merciless in his attempts to eliminate the lower class entirely. ^ Measured Vitamins Dr. Bohren is the housewife’s friend. No doubt befoie long Mrs. Scientific Housewife will calculate, before she goes shopping, just how many units of vitamin A she wants from her eggs. At the grocery she will purchase the eggs which ,according to Dr. Bohren, contain the exact amount of vitamin A that she needs, and will pay for them according to vitamins received. The energetic little man who keeps the entire department functioning smoothly is Dr. Martin. He is the chief executive, and, at times, judicial officer of the poultry department. His duties include keeping peace in the faihily and maintaining contacts with the outside world for his white-coated, longhaired professors, who devote their lives to long hours in laboratory, office and poultry house in the inteiest of science.
Loeb’s on the east side, and Deac’s, Southworth’s, cashier’s office, ipusical organizations office and the WBAA office on the west side. Tiny Hill’s Orchestra Featured As has been announced previously Tiny Hill and his orchestra will be featured on the program. He played a 13-week engagement on the Lucky Strike program and is featured nightly over the Mutual broadcasting system. Appearing in three routines will be the Ten Dancing Adorables, who will present Top Hat, Radium and Military numbers. Other acts on the program will be Jack Holst and Milady, bar act, featured at the Roxy and Paramount theaters in New York and at the Ghicago theater in Ghicago; and Hudson Wonders, acrobatic novelty act who have headlined at every prominent theater in America and Europe. Gompleting the cast will be Peck and Peck, negro comedy and dancing act, and Sid Blake, comedy novelty act who was co-featured with A1 Jolson for the USO in Australia and at different bases in the South
Pacific.
Ag Sections To Convene January 11-13 Representatives oT Indiana’s 14 soil conservation districts will meet at the annual Agricultural Gonference, which will be held at the University January 11, 12 and 13. On Wednesday morning, January 12, there will be a special meeting for those farmers serving as soil conservation district supervisors. The topics to be discussed will include those of administration, research, historical background of the district organization movement, and expansion plans. Speakei’s for the meeting will be Lt. Gov. Charles M. Dawson; H. J. Reed, dean of agriculture; L. E. Hoffman, associate director of the University Agricultural Extension service; W. V. Lambert, associate director of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, and Kenneth Welton, state head of the Soil Gonservation Service. Stewart Makes Music Room Available Daily For Students' Use New music room, made available to all students by A1 Stewart, opened last Wednesday afternoon. The room, which is under the direct supervision of Miss Vassie Darnell, who was a member of the Ghicago Opera company for 25 years, is on the sedond floor of the Music Hall. It is to be open daily except Monday from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. Several hundred records are available, as well as a library of vocal and instrumental music and ten practice rooms equipped with pianos. If sufficient interest is shown classes in music appreciation will start under the direction of Miss Darnell. The music room can be reached by entering the southwest door of the Music IJall, which leads into the musicdk^organizations office.
At its regular quarterly commencement exercises December J6 the University of Minnesota awarded Prof. Dorothy A. Bovee the degree of doctor of philosophy in the field of history. Dr. Bovee came to the University in the fall of 1940 as supervisor of special projects for women. At this time the experimental curriculum for women was established in order to enable persons to pursue a general program in the School of Science without specialization in any particular science. The fifth group has been enrolled under this program and 29 persons have been graduated so far. Prior to that time Dr. Bovee taught history in high schools in Montana, also serving as dean of girls in the high school at Billings, Mont., and as senior social adviser and history teacher in a Minneapolis high school. Later she was a member of the staff at the University of Minnesota as an instructor in history. Dr. Bovee is a member of Pi Lambda Theta (educational honorary), American Historical Society, American Association of Political and Social Sciences, American Association of Scientific Workers and the Lafayette Business and Pi’ofessional Women’s Glub. NYU Conference Plans Exchange Of Students From Occupied Lands Large number^ of persons from occupied lands will be trained in the United States colleges and universities for rehabilitation and reconstruction work in their own countries. All students sent here will receive complete tuition and maintenance expenses. Plans for such intensive training recently were approved by educational leaders and representatives of foreign nations, who met at New York University under the guidance of the United States committee on education reconsti’uction. Others Agree Greece, Poland, Gzechoslovakia and Norway already have agreed in principle to the program of scholarship exchange. Thus far representatives of the occupied countries have agreed to a program for the exchange of students and teachers in the post-war period, and to invite specialists to assist in the occupied countries in reconstiaiction
work.
To re-establish their educational institutions they seek books, pamphlets and other, school equipment from the United States. Iq many instances, especially m Poland and Greece, almost all school material has been destroyed by the Nazis. To Gost $2000 Per Year It has been estimated that the costs will be approximately $2000 a year for each student. These expenses will be covered by a cooperative effort of various agencies with the home country. The pr-ogi-am is believed ready to be put into practice with the help of government and the universities. Discrimination regarding sex, race or creed shall be eliminated.
$2,20 per couple with no advance sale. The entire Union will be closed to accommodate the dancers with the exception of the east desk and the bowling alleys. The regular Saturday night stag dance will also be held in the Union with music furnished by Lowell Mead’s band, the place of the dance to be announced later this
week.
Features Dugan, Williams Long’s orchestra, which features Patti Dugan and Gene Williams as vocalists, last played on campus in the spring of 1942, when it was the name band for Sophomore Gotillion. The group was organized in 1931 when Long was a freshman at Duke University, as a means of financing the members for four years of
school.
The band first hr^e into the big time in 1940 whe^rhey played an engagement at the Roseland ballroom in New York, their next break coming with a booking at the Hotel New Yoi’ker with the original three week contract being extended for four months. They also played for the President’s Birthday Ball in Washington, D. G., in 1941. Long Noted as Left-hand Violinist The original members of the band still form the nucleus for the present 14-piece organization which features primarily a sweet type of music. Long is particularly noted as the only left-handed violinist playing popular music today. The band records for Decca and has made over 500 NBG and GBS broad-
casts.
Using “White Star of Sigma Nu” as his theme song. Long has popularized many novelty songs, such as his Glee Glub’s jive version of “Shanty in Old Shantytown,” “Blue Skies” and “When I Grow Too Old to Dream,” Prof. C. W. Carrick ... of the University poultry department, will address the annual farm and home convention at the Univei'sity of Kentucky January 27 on “Solving Wartime Poultry Feeding Problems.”
AWS, Will Held Callout Freshmen To Report In Union Thursday AWS will hold a callout at 4 p. m, Thursday in the AWS office on the second floor of the Union, according to Judy Jones, head of the office committee. All work of AWS will be explained by the chairmen of the committees. Associated Women Students, as the name suggests, is primarily devoted to the activities of the coeds on campus. All who are interested may attend, although the callout is especially for fresh-
men.
AWS is divided into eight committees—^vocation, which arranges for vocational conferences and distributes vocational surveys to senior women; election, which an-anges all elections for officers and representatives, and activities, which holds interviews with all women on campus concerning thejr activities. The office committee consists of clerical work, the war effort committee works in coopeiation with the War Gouncil, orientation arranges to give every freshman girl a counselor, social handles all parties and dances, such as the Gold Diggers ball, and publicity is the job of the news committee. Because many of these committees function only part of the time, it is possible to work on more than
one.
Penai^-y Days By special action of the Executive Gommittee, there are three “penalty” days during New Year’s week end. They are Friday, December 31; Saturday, January 1, and Monday, January 3. Any student who is absent from a regularly scheduled meeting of a class on any of the above-men-' tioned dates wdll be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 tor each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.
County. Jail Provides Modern Conveniences
By Dorothy Van Liew Let all students who have lost any sleep worrying about the condition of the local jail rest their minds. According to a report made after a recent inspection by the State Department of Public Welfare, “ ... through careful attention to management details, and through wise administration, a good jail service has been rendered to the county ...” by the Tippecanoe Gounty jail. However, it was noticed that the local institution of confinement was housed in an old building which was poorly adapted in structure to fulfill the requirements made of modern jails. Law requires that both juveniles and those adjudged insane be placed in segregated quarters of which there is a limited quantity there. Special Drunk, Vagrant Quarters Perhaps university students would be more interested in the quarters provided for the intoxicated and those brought in on the customary vagrancy charge. The male prisoners coming under this classification are conducted to the west cell block where comfy straw ticks or cotton-felt mattresses provide the beds. It was not disclosed what was done with the females, but we may presume that they also were comfortably housed. Delicious, nutritious meals are
served in the jad dining rooms located in the basement. Here again, we find segregation entering tho picture—the male piisoners are served in one dining room, the women in another and tho before-men-tioned juvcnilet, and irisano get special tiays sent to thou cells, just like breakfast in bod every meal. On inspection day .t tasty meal of stewed tomatoes, boiled potatoes, bread, butter and slewed piunes was served, according to the inspector, “in a clean and apnetizmg way.” The sheiiff has iv, o helpers who aid him in all the tasks involved in caring for the [uisoneis They aro the day jailor and the night jailer. These officials, help contiol discipline, care i'oi tne inisoners’ cash and other vahudiles and see that they are piopeily letiuned. No form of kaagenoo couit piactico is tolerated. Easy Life for prisoners The pi'soneis do not lead tho isolated lives we mayx imagine. Visits are permitted and though they are supeivised and nui^t be catried On through meshed scieen bars, they no doubt aro gieaily enjoyed. “Adequate” reading matter luul mail ara both allowed and both are carefully e.xamiiied. There you have a luouse-eye view of life in our own Tippecanoe CoiHity jail. .15e.
I
5e.
* , ^ ^ i
I^ge 2
Purdue Exponent
Tuesday, December 28, 1943
iPurdue Exponent
combined with
Purdue Independent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phono 2792 Editorial Phone After TO p m , 5377
EiUlnr Bu‘5inrs<5 Manager IseMS rditor Manarniff I ditor bporls Editor's
1 Iln Murphj Mary Dilts William II T>son Carolyn Wilbur KiMnond ^ Smi li Russell M Lipcs
Publication Si’aH Edifon I <^nff A*i*<ociate Editor*! Incl Mi It 1 ll M Ford Madeljn A Qc tncb 1 i 1 R ) n M r^nr i \ StclTcs J me^ \cl 1 1 \ 1 } i 1 A I M 1 1 1 L R A-Jt H A.« nr to «;p rt n rr T V ^ 1 n P I C I ci Viilhi ( arl 1 \ 1 (. \\r I t ‘^crMcc SlafT Mr R i r ( 1 I FI *5 I oo Frolrnan M iluo J i N 1 1 ling 13 b B 1 i
Business ^taff Advertising Manager C 1 C unt A'TiJiMant Vdvorti*! nj. Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manai,cr R b *^0 ern an
St-H For This Issue
\icl F r*- Rrlar n Daa Editor ®lcffcs
' r 1 Sb r Editor P Garber
I c I d tor I aj cs
M n M 1 1 T I cl ai i 01 \argar Li (. t7 u 13 nl n R I 1 cto B R 1 1 t W I jcidn I clc i
ii i 2^ tai Pcpoi Icrc
C-^lU t C
Str
Staff Photographer M C Tolbcr
Ent r d as s « ettt In ? ana and ot th p < 1103 <11 f O FI h d n I ng h \
t b>
for 1
S 1
u T c era tl M 2 r t r r
d cla matt r at the post office in Lafay 1 r the a-tt of Conj,ics« of March 3 1870 I r of I stage pro\ ided for in section I r 3 1^1 author 7od January 20 1922 s a n ur a nl S t iday mornings dur ter 1 p r 1« Delivered daily
I F S
r d
\
No
n ail for $1 TO for a n n j bo ol t ned at the Exponent i D k f ll c Di iih H Iv rt s r „ by National Adverbs L !1 t 11 ishcis Representatives 42U
^ \Grk N Y
liW
Im R 5 U S P.t O I
]) u ici + < 1 in n unt uoi ibtc positioi the Rotke irl c ofiicc 1 ul V 1C Pie ncnt^A ill >c( I ikini> a t ivor Die one Tl s 1=1 11k fist time the St itt Dcpaitmeiit hao 11(1 itscU ^ 1 1 Ihci < n ciinKiit i^cnty t) countcichofi it 1 o%c
dug Against Tin Barons
T>t te Pciaitncnt tiainm lint i ga,i}, of self ‘•cc! ng 1 tl Vii i 1C in oiipoitunists 1^ ivc seized pow Cl 11 Ro m i Hit tie Rotktfillti allace group cR'n tnat this is a d t) looted soci il economic uprisin ' \cpich spnn,s fioni the nnniier m ivhieh Ixihviau t n mreis lace been nround down hv the big tin baVons Vf len \ict Piesid^'iit tv alHcc was in charge of tin Bsh'>aii ol ] 0 lomir. ^\^r^ale and tic purclnst ol strategic wii mi eii?l ‘uc!i is tin he iigiitd Ih it Ll ted Stales had a ii^ht to make sure Ih it a eer lain percentage of the hign price the I S A w is pam r for tin w s pi^^-cu on to Bolivian workcis not pocketed bv tl c tin barons ilc was not verj successful Last ;iear a Bolivian tin liike cjlniin itcd in a disastrous shooting ol m inj tin niicis b\ Government troops \nd though Fiesi den| Peiiianda vvu.= invited to V»aslin„t(n ind pun peied in the White house he Ims just been kicked out b i 1C < I i Mil sprit ^iii •roll! the tin vvoikcis "s! I'u s terns of peonage exist in ollie> I atm \nttii cii eoimlrio t peel ilK I’eiu 1 tuador ind Para 11 iv whiic then is a wide ip between peon laboi , net diet itor ITesicients Diplomats ait now wenchniif, whetiiei there has been too muth U b toacuins it I’rc idenfs it the top latliei than reaching the m 1 SvS btlov uid whether the good wilf visits ot 1 atin eiignitaries to the White House mav have been
toi nou„ht Renegotialion Qisesfiosi I lie pi I il ll c 1 I 1 1 ( V it ] L t ll IS in the scciet ex tiuvc se SI i 1 the Smite J in nice Committee th ju Si t iloi le 1) i ll c li vvn tl i 11 h iii uiil do a job in i„ ) t ij t s ll 1 t) (n i ler ds vi liie U S C h 1111 1 e If 1 111 lit
I Jill Jt 1 1 n u I V I !
LVllal Wttl
I s
tin 1 111 like (emmiLtee lit Id 1 tl 11\ 1 1 V ith t! ( 1 tcoi ll pi intcil
1 111 11 the w tl i lit) pm ite ses in till J u j1 e V lai'tJudi I Senatoi Tail 1 1 tl 1 ll 0 jiigc lettci ll m one ol his l i it \\ 1 1 iL sw istv niathine tool
)1 ( ) J 111 I
xj til ilLi W 11 k Sw s V eom])l uiieil bitlcily ilvtf t! J) le I le 11 {. on ilion a othci woids sea/ ig lo V I JI fits ll J11 tobi ))lus w ai ton tivve 11 ( 1 tl let hid to le let in a Itiiific lUyjl ill 1 \ ll ih 111 \ nil ut citliei ide 1 now nig what lot woiin fjine loth htAinj uici Ravj to }ttj:(i wn! 1 IJ j 11 lot I 1 a i leadei s hue laj^gj sedeJ piofitR d j\ nv a J c 11 1 1 lieoiy tint la ilu ti \ s! uuhl I ol ] 11 fit J1 mi il c V 1 llowevii Wainei &, Swasey told ol tl t teiiihle in jUbUee doiu to tin m In the Aimv aid Nu\ in takm^ UiDu piofitk i lit not only it id tlic lettei but netdiil some vigonus words ol hi own about the
Should Service Men Vote? . . .
GRIN m k
With the coming of 1944, comes the elections and the issue, should the men in our dimed seivices be allowed to vote After all, many feel the seivice men should be able to cast a foLiilh term vote foi Roosevelt 01 upset tl dditions m favoi of a Republican president The Gi een-Llicas bill for federal administration of a simplified ballot system as a workable method of peimitting service men to vote in 1944 has been defeated m the Senate As a result a lather weak proposal for state supervision of absentee voting was substituted Inasmuch as the states either prohibit absentee votes fiom oveiseas or lequire procedure foi absentee balloting too cumbersome for service men to follow, the bill is a worthless gestuie Now the House Committee on Elections has befoi e it a bill similar to the Lucas-Green proposal introduced by its chan man. Representative Eugene Worley of Texas Unless theie IS widespread protest, next year will find us in a rather strange situation with many brave men fighting for democracy, yet having no say m this fight ' Those of'US on campus can play a definite pait m helping to give the armed services a voice m the conduct of our demociacy It
IJiiiversity Calenciar
9 00AM 6 16 PM
9 00 AM 9 00 A M 7 00 PM
00 AM
8 00 PM 8 30 PM 9 00 PM
Tuesday, December 28 Division of Public Safety Rooms 366, 3(53, Union Sigma Alpha Epsilon Meeting Room 261, Union Wednesday, December 29 Spanish Class flooni 261, Urnop Division of Public Safety Rooms 866,363, Uhfon Theta Alpha Phi Initiation " EliZa Fowler llgll Thursday, December 30 Divisioi^ of Public Safety Rooms 356, 363, Upior rriday; Deceml[ier ll Penalty Day Division of Public Safety Rooms 366 363, Union Service Show (seivice men only) Hall of Music Saturday, January 1 Penalfy Day Puidue Club Foundation Rooms 355, 303, Union Beta Theta Pi Dance East Faculty Lounge Union Dances Balliooms, Union
Proof-Readers Lead thankless Existence
seems only fitting that if they aie willing to “Why, certainly, I lead that book on ‘Home Repairs’ you gave fight to preserve democracy, we might fight me—I found out the cheapest method is to call an expert ” for then iighTto a voice in the ideals they are —--
-€0-ROUND y 9R EW PEARSON
iGlivisii Regime Spiifs Aff-ifude Of if. S, Government'; Some View it AsjBS-Arrh©ricaEi^ Others Asiti-Baron
V 'S’^jNGTOv—\oimg Nrls n Rocleiellei is a c I 1 t c v c 1 hic t nil n the USA H s 1 ith 1 jiluc la ltd ij) in vinous Stnndud OiHcni IKS Cicii licsc h a h id i xlicmely lough tl 111 ( c 1 11 1 ft Bo \ii V Inch c incelled i nl 1 it 1 •) c 1 ill t to ntij Ac 11 Icjic ciuJJ ]i 1 in icvolution 'young Rocke foO 1 i LT S tool linitii ll I ntin Ainciicui Rela tioi ) a til Cl 11 k! Ill f noi of the 1 evolutional y Govtii licit ck ! it t c Cict th it i membei of the lev Bohviin f a in ct ( u'os ’Montcnegio i& authoi <1 Stand 1 Ol GcJi \ iinsL Bolivn s Justice Pocl cfcPci ll cs thi poaition dc pile the fuithci lit tlia th Sintc Dt) utment fiovviib on the new Pol n ( vciniu it iI lesp It the f itl th it the lev litionii c ittii ling tc tlicii stitcmentb aie le V ci ini' t tl c 1 I 1C ns ot Bolivi i who oidi 1 d nh \ o ll 1 h \ i It 11 c iiiiK n w iLli St inilaid Oil 1 ill 0 Ji ]! tl I 1) I t •' 11 the Biliviin levolu tioii t 1 k tl ( ni i I flit most lenihc int in ye us aid oi cce; c 1 i c t t tl \nK i ic m public ri^rt uc t V ) Cl 1 Th Loll ll iivoll miv te the feieiunnei of ct^ei in ct ei 1 itii Amn in eountiies I ^ ( i cii iiKi t IS ^pl t I he State Uc
sa\ing
As students on a univeisity campus, we could circulate petitions and could send them to the congiessmen in our lespective districts A Seivice Men Vote Day to diaw public attention could also be established, perhaps around the fiist of January since Congress
contones Januaiy 10
As a student papei we can aid the campaign by giting it publicity, sending any publicity to the members on the Committee of Elections of the House of Representatives m Wash
Dashing Through The Snow . . . Holiday Bus Replaces One-Horse Open Sleigh
By Marion Donham
Weaiy eyo^, very little thanks, all kinds of haiangumg fiom the issue editoi, and late houis—that is the life of the Exponent proofieadei Reading the copy for the next day’s paper requires the utmost concen tiation if every error m typesetting lb to be found And conscientious
vented them wont insane Upon tiring of looking curiously at the linos, theie are always the typeset teis to bothei Issue Editor Beais Burden The issue editor could be called (piobably much to his disgust) a glorified pioofieadei He has moie
pioofieadeis aie caieful to find all ifisponsibihty and has to “put the
to bed ^ One of the mam
Bj Peg Miner
“All right, fellows, you can exhale nowcommented the bus diivei as one more home-bound student squeezed m “And a couple of you will have to get out so I can move in,” he con-
finued, pushing past the twelve vacationers between the door oiTe-marcou^ Trirthp mb "of n
ington and by printing petition forms in the , ,, , , /r>u P x i x x , ougmai copy it is tne joo oi a
and the drivers seat (Physics protessors take note two ob- pioofieadei to catch these euois
maik them cleaily with his stubby nencil and beai the wiath of the
the misplaced lines, spaces in the wrong places and other mistakes dreamed up by the typesetter in his
daily rounds of ‘setting ”
Linotype machines that set the type which later is made up into pages of metal foi punting the pages of papei have a habit of mak mg occasional switchings fiom the
Exponent foi the use of the students The issue befoi e us is a clear-cut one and
since it involves to a gieat shaie men of our age level, it is only light that we should support it if we agiee with those congressmen that feel that the men who are iisking then lives in defense of their countiy should have
a voice in the conduct of its affairs
lects can occupy the same
place at the same time) The diivei was veiy philo
sophic about the situation—it was Christmas time Gi\e a student thiee days without classes and lelatives in the state and comphcatioiib aie bound to set
At the close of one of the fiatei
nity bongs a shy soldiei sitting (it typesetter when the necessity foi
Aimj and NaiJ-y
In this off the lecoid session the Wai Depaitment had no chance to leply And tlie Senate Finance Com mittec did not seem inteiested in getting the other
side of the stoiy
Howevei this column is glad to punt the other side oJ the stoiy taken horn War Depaitment lecoidb Wliaf The Records Show I irst hovvevti it might be recalled that Wauiei A Svvastj recently published a full page advertise ment in lime and other magazines winch was headed Is Industry Piofiting by Ihis Wai? I h< Il followed a tabulation ot certain unnamed companies which purported to show that Profits were down 17 pel cent dividends down 20 per cenL However Warner & Swasey could not have included thcirsclves in this tabulation lor War Department lecords fallow that during the thiee prewar y^ars 193() 39 the company averaged annual sales of $7 500, 000 but in 1942 their war Hales practically all to the Government jumped up to $42,000,000 Id make the comparison more complete, Warner & Svvasev profits after taxes in the three pre war years averaged $1 900 000 annuafly but in the first year of the w ir 1912 then profits after taxes jumped to $5 161 000 In othii winds piofits vveie three times ! reafer in 1912 Turtlicimorc the 1942 wai profit alter paying all taxes, was 49 1 pei cent of Warner A. Sw isty s net woith No vvondei they wanted Sen itoi Taft to lead then Ictlei 111 i eonfidcnti ll session ot the Senate Finance Committee when the Wai pepaitmcnt could not an swLi Ihey must have known that my answei would ll ivc shown that then adveitisement in lime maga /me about mdustiy not piohting fiom the wai cei tamlj did not include Warner & Swasey NOTF U S Chambei ot Commeiee tax lobbyist lllbwoilh Alvoid fuend ol Finance Committee Chaiimm Geoige of Geoign once exhoited Senatoib 10 iboli&h Auny Navy s light to scale down w u plot its with these woids This offensive will lequut toiuage pieciscly the same kind ol couiage oui boys uc showing in letion The Senate Finance Commit tee lias now shown it Elk Hills Boils L ite t developments m the Elk Hills oil contioveisy ue known only to those who can see the innei work
11 gs ol the C ibmet
Attorney Geneial Biddle w is expected to denounce the Navy b conliact with Standaid Oil of California lb illegal The leabon he didn t is that two Cabinet colleagueb got next to him and changed hib tune Expelts m the justice depaitment have declaied the eonti ict definitely illegal and pissed then findings along to Biddle Biddle m tuin was expected to tell the House Nival Afiaub Committee the same thin^, with the lesult that Congiess would undoubtedly lee oiumend condemnation Thus Standaid ot California would lelinqinsh all the piopeity to the Government But when Biddle appealed betoie the committee he pilled his punches Instead of declaring the con
ticCt illegal he doubts about it
Ihe committee was expecting a foithiight state nent Even its chan man Congiessman Vinson of Geoigia who is veiy close to Navy officials, piivately 1 ivois eonikmnation Seciet ot wh it li ipjicned is this Two Cabinet col leagues t ot hold ol Biddle s coat tails One was Secie tuiy ol till Navv Knox who was lesponsible loi the eoritiaet m the fust place the othei was Haiold Ickes whose Pctioleum Ailnmustiation is headed by a Stand aid Oil of C ililoini 11 xccutive the figlit IS III I o\(i Look foi fiiewoiks m imblit healings befoic the committee next month
loo Bieathe oi Not loo Breathe A voice was heaid fiom the leai Why don t you take youi coat off— that 11 give you an extia inch on each bide I would if I could laise iny aims to do it With a titanic effoit the diivei foiced his wiy to his seat only to find th it occupied too He pushed his cip bid sciatehed his head thoughtfully and then concluded Well I icckon two cm sit in this seat if theie aie foui in the seats in back Ihe sailoi w is pushed ovei to the wall and the diivei squeezed into place United We Stand Ihe paosengeis lesigned them selves by noting that if they went to sleep on their feet at least they couldn’t fall ovei Seveial win
does happen occasionally) m the fiont said Say would you sing that one again—I m fiom anothei univeibity but that song leally hits home And the choius was off igain with songs staiting in eveiy coinei of the bus The tup was smooth fiom theie on except when the diivei had to shift goals a piocess which en tilled a piinful shift of 2Vi inches to the light But the only fuithei complaint came fiom a maiine who wanted to know why the diivei is wasting all th it i oom between the steeling wneel and the tlooi It was ccitainly woith it though to get home eveiy one agieed on that Come to think of it that bus oideal wis leally gay Theie cei tainly is an espiit de coips associ ited with a ciowdcd Chiistmas spe eial which is positively unique
new type is pointed out to him On
papei
duties of his job is to lead and make eveiy piece of copy as collect as it should be A thoiough knowledge of spelling and collect giammai are virtues which an issue editor should
have
When comical lines such as to night spelled ‘ toight’’ and the same line repeated twice appear in the student publication, it means that the proofreader was in love sleepy 01 else just not there Eriois aie bound to slip in but as a rule the duty done by the pioofieader is a
Placement Notes
For Women
A lepiescntative of Eli Lilly & Co of Indianapolis will be on cam pus Tuesday December 28 to in
the whole the typesetteis are most ®
good natuied about tiotting back to the black machines and pecking out a new and correct line of type
Impoitant Jobs
Issue and night eaitois aie made gray bailed long before then time by the lael of pioofieideib to scour the paper for the evei pies ent eilois Copy that is lead by at least three people is f inly safe but the moie the bettei isalwiys the tune of the night editoi These pioofieadeis aie now working on a shift system on the Exponent the fieshmen in the eaily evening and experienced sophomoics latci Proofreading is an exciting oc cupation foi Exponent woikcis oi at least it can be made so There are always the linotype machines to pondei ovei and tiy to undei stand After looking at one of these mon stious black type producers one doesn t wonder that the man who in
Mudball
hey there clarance i wonder IVhat would happen if the english department decided to teach the students some more about engliah instead of try ing to give them a grade upon what they knew before thqy came to college i bet a Ipt jmore students Would learn english
—MUDBALL
Wake Poiest College chapel is now neaily externally complete The towel which is now 180 feqb high will be approximately 200 feet
high when completed
en-
dows wcie opened to piovide venti
lat.on and to keep the windshield mteiested in op
fiom clouding ovei completely
LUfelA
ummntt TODAY and TOMORROW
Ihe diivei had shoved suitcase iftei suitcase into the baggage loom in the back being caieful not to think what might happen when the dooi was opened at the end of the tiip and the excess was piled Up piecaiiously on top the bus Eveiyone tensed for the moment when the overtaxed motoi would try to ovei come the inertia occa sioned by^some 60 odd passengeis A soldiei in the back piped up You may backfire when leady Gndley Pnoiity lot Service Men The drivel pushed down on the btaitei at exactly the same moment when two siilois rushed toward the bus Muttering something inco heient ibout ‘ not getting paid any extra foi this the diivei put on the bial e ag nn and shouted Open the poitals two moie coming on A geneial groan followed Come on make loom he said We don t move till those two seiv ice men get on even if i couple civ ilians have to get off Paidon me lady I m not tiying to hold youi hand—I leallv do h ive to open the door ” Wlieie thcics v will there s a way—howtiue The bus staited off with two moie sailois’ noses piessed ag unst the tiont pane and they pulled out ot Loganspoit onto the long load to Peiu
poitunitics with that company They are paiticulaily inteiested in gals trained in chemistry bacteii ology pharmacy and business ad ministiation If you are interested you should call Placement Service foi Women 2955 at once to ai
ange an appointment
TODAY and TOMORRQW HiMtiiiiia mmm
111 Lilly & Co—Repiesentative will inteiview applicants loi a van ety ot positions for men and women on Tuesday December 28 See Miss Feldt at the placement service for women
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
(sf (h ofiile l/l/o
mciely stated that he had ‘grave Community Singing
Iheie must be a companionship
in desperation for a crowded bus IS infinitely more tun than an oidi naiy one When scar eel v out onto the road lorn oi five girls standing togcthei started singing Chiistmas carols tiateimty oongs and lounds Ihe tune w is til eii up by seveial oi those standing neaiby and the bus diivei unable to resist the holi day spiiit any longer suddenly buist out 111 1 (hoius to lingli
Bells ”
winiiw
GIG YOUNG DOLORtsMORAM DIfiECTtDBYVINCENl SHERMAN Sc aoo Poy by John Von D on o d « o o Cofleo FROM H E STAGC PLAY Oi'JO N VAf DPUTcN PodwoJb a Ooa * V mon
MARS
TODAY and TOMORROWffuesday^ December 28^ 1943
■ef Sjp^m
Pages
■/
DePauw Pre-Flight Again Tonight
BoilerHiaket | Grandstand Ecliods
Tb Irish, 47-40
South Bend, Ind,, (Special)—there never waq any bashetl^all tradition at the University of Notre Dame there certainly is,today. Ndward W. (Moose) Krause, the 31-year-oId Irish mentor now in,his second y?ar as head man of the Notre Dame harjiwojod forces, last night ushered an arouse,d Notre Dame team on the court to win the “big one” for the late Dr. George E, Keogan. And that’s just what 'the boys did. They com- goals by Bill Lodge and Paul HoffpUtely mastered the Purdue man, but it wasn’t long until Notre Universitv basketeers to the university oasKeteers to tne p ^ue fire wagon defense, tune of 4'/-4{} ■ Midway in the first half Notre That break-neck style of Dame enjoyed advantages of 20-12, play which the Eiveters have 26-15 and 32-21. By this time the used to wear down many a basket- Riveter offense was slowed down to ball foe simply met its master in ^ walk and whenever the Boilerprobably one of the roughest games makers did get a decent shot at the tp be played in the fieldhouse for basket it was always hurried. The a long while. Several times during i^i® margins which the Irish sportthe melee players on both sides threatened to exchange punches, makers hanging on the ropes'and only to be restrained by their team- ^ny real organized offensive which m^tes. But all of this can more or ^^^ve had in store was Ipss be accounted to the fact that a "®ver coming. Instead they elected total of 195 shots were taken during shots whenever they got the 40 minutes. Notre Dame hit on 20 out of 83, 16 out of 44 for the were ahead, 32-23. first half. Purdue connected for 16 The style of play really roughgoals out of 92 attempts, nine/of ened up in the second half-and as a them coming on 56 tries in the first result the scoring was held down half. and came in spurts. Rutledge Purdue’s only consolation in tak- lengthened the Irish lead to 34-23 ing its second defeat of the current but Kennedy, Lodge and Charlie campaign, Great Lakes having ad- Haag narrowed it to 34-27. Then nfinistered the other trouncing last Notre Dame went on a scoring spree week, was the fact the Boilermakers again to make it 38-27 and with four jumped into a 2-0 lead in the first minutes to go .enjoyed a 44-31 ad20 seconds of play. Jack Kennedy vantage. A closing spurt by the was responsible for this, flipping in Boilermakers narrowed the Notre a one-hander on the first attempt of Dame lead to seven points, the game. But four successive bas- Summary; kets in the next three minutes, two Notre Dame (47) B. F. P. by Leo Klier and one each by John- Klier, f 5 3 1 ny Lujack and Carl Loyd, boosted Loyd, f 6 0 1 the Irish into an 8-2 margin before Todorovich, c 3 13 the enemy asked for time. Lujack, g 10 2 Hoffman, Lodge Close Gap Rutledge, g 6 0 4 From here on Piggy Lambeit’s Kelly, g 12 1 boys were really in hot water and Furman, f 0 10 they knew it. Loyd, who hit for — — —
five baskets in the first half, Bernie Rutledge and Big Mike Todoro-
vich kept right on rubbing it in to Lodge, f the Boilermakers. The Riveters Hoffman, f
came within two points of the Irish lead, 8-6, thanks to a pair of field
Totals
Purdue (40)
Kennedy, c
Haag, c
I By Ray Smith | DEPAUW PRE-FLIGHT TONIGHT Tonight Piggy Lambert takes the basketball team on its third road trip; this time to Greencastle to play the DePauw Pre-Fligj^t team. The first two legs of the road trip ended in disaster as far as the Boilermakers are concerned, as they dropped decisions to Great Lakes and Notre Dame, The netmen are undefeated in the two games played here, but have lost two for two away from home. Tonight the team will be doing everything in its power to stay above the 600 mark. NEW NAVIGATOR COMBINATION ( Although tonight’s battle is supposed to be a return engagement with the Navigators, it will be so in name only for the men who composed the team that the Riveters defeated in a double overtime here on December II are no longer stationed at Greencastle. Nine of the first eleven on the squad were scattered among the schools in th emid-west ,including Purdue, Wisconsin and Marquette. Had these men remained at DePauw, the flyers would have ruled the favorites in tonight’s game, since they would be on their home floor. As it appears the Riveters should get back on the winning trail before they open another home stand against Notre Dame on Monday night. RIVETERS SURPRISING IN DEFEAT In both the games that the Boilermakers have lost, the outcome was a bit surprising. When they lost to Great Lakes, they forced the Sailors to the limit in losing 68-5^. Prior to the game the netmen were not rated in the same class as the Great Lakes sharpshooters, but after the game they were regarded as a threat to gather in the Big Ten title honors. Had it not been for a couple of let-downs by the Boilermakers the outcome of thh game probably would have been different. The Notre Dame that had been soundly beaten by Northwestern had complete control of the game from the outset and was never behind after the first couple of minutes. The Riveters did not play the brand of ball of which they are capable while the defense of the Irish was of a professional calibre. These two facts spelled defeat for the Boilermakei clan. BOILERMAKERS NEED HEIGHT Lack of height under the basket has been largely responsible for the defeats that Purdue has suffered. Coach Lambert expects to run into this trouble all season, and has been drilling the team on rebound work. For it IS in this phase of the game that many contests are won and lost. One of the chief reasons for playing a non-conference schedule before the Confreence competition gets under way is to give the players some experience. Another reason is to condition the players physically. Both of these objectives appear well from the Boilermaker standpoint. Only three or four of the first ten players had college experience before the season
opened.
LACK OF PRACTICE HINDERS NETMEN Just as in the case of the football team, navy regulations place a limit on the amount of time that the players can spend on the floor. In the brand of basketball that Lambert has developed, it is required that a man have strong endurance. The base-break requires a lot of running, and in qrder to endure forty minutes of basketball a player must spend more than an hour and a half in practice sessions. FOOTBALL RETURNS Getting around to the subject of football, repoits from California seem to indicate that Dick Baiwegen, Purdue’s most valuable player, is certain to start in the East-West game Saturday. His buddy. Babe Dimancheff, has been making his presence felt, and is likely to see plenty of action before the final gun sounds. . . . Whatever it was lhat the Washington Redskins did in their closed practice sessions did not seem to be enough to overpower the mighty Chicago Bears.
Retum Match At Greeficastli Pits Boilermakers Against Revised V-5$
Mermen To Swim Saturday In Meet
By Johnny Gratza
As a final measure in preparation for the twin meets scheduled with DePauw, swimming coach Dick Papenguth has arranged an intrasquad meet on January 1 at 3:30. The same two teams, picked from the squad, that competed on December 18 will again swim against one another. The Blacks will be seeking retaliation for the defeat handed them by the Gold on that
date.
Intrasquad meets are the best
. By Jim Ackerman Coach Piggy Lambert’s net team will try to get back on the victory trail tonight at 7:30 in Greencastle when they meet the DePauw Pre-Flight team, the Outfit which the Riveters nosed out in two overtimes *at the beginning of the season. After bowing to Great Lakes and Notre Dame in successive order^ the Boilermakers will stand good chances of breaking back . I — into the winning column to-
Boilermaker Squad Takes Second Place In Billiard Contest
night as Coach Case has lost most of his team that played
here in the first game. Lt. -Everett W. Case’s Navi-
gators lost nine of the eleven men on the original team by transfers last week. One of the bright spots to these transfers was the
Coach “Pop” Whitney’s Boiler- arrival of Robert Cpok, who last maker billiards team, competing in year played for the Wisconsin frosh
+1, s i-u ■ ^ i. *^® intercollegiate three- team and until recently was the star ^ swimmers can get cushion billiards tournament, were for the Glenview Naval Air Sta-
t® a strong Florida tion five. Cook will take the posi-
, ding to Papenguth, the Boilermak- tion of forward, replacing Ed Sa-
ers tallied 91 points, while Floiida, dowski, former Loras College high
in outclassing its opponents, scored scorer.
179 points. Cornell captured third Wairen Cartier, who played cenplaee, Wisconsin and Indiana shar- ter in the first game, will shift to
ing fourth place.
Of interest to Riveter fans is the name of S. M. Cohee appearing with
the Indiana squad. Cohee is a grad-
be on January 8 in the DePauw uate of the University (1937) and until he was transferred.
pool. The second will be held here while he was an undergraduate j^on Waldron will remain at one on the 15th and will be open to the played on the Boilermaker team j; ..i. ^ m -n
n T) • * 4 pmyea on tne coiiermaKei team. guard posts, while Tom PoDePauw IS expected to of- Competition for berths on the co- ^^1 hold down the other berth. r V n p billiards team will take Waldron, a fonner Wisconsin frosh. Ihrnno-J' n fo- 1 place on January 6 at 7:30 p. m. in pi^yg^.^
through a faiily successful season, the Union billiard room. A week tpo r,r,r,r.non+=’ ao-f.mcoa hAptino- in Wn on^ T .n ^hich pull the Opponents defenses
Navy has control of the pool much of the time. Many of the team’s swimmers practice in free time between classes and the few who could not get away for Christmas got in ever-needed practice last \yeek end.
Team to Have Meets Soon
The first meet with DePauw will
forward to team with Cook. Taking over the center spot will be Ralph Weiger, who played end on Wisconsin’s football team this fdll
' In the CAFETERIA Is the Best Place to Eat ^ ( Delicious food, served appetizingly, the way you like it. Plenty of vitamins to keep you going during these wintry days. The menus are planned for Vitality and Victory. J/UL fiWuluSL WhmrdciiL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Friend, g Frazier, g' Walley, c Horn, f
0 0 0 10 2 .000 3 2 0
Totals 15 10 9 Free throws missed, Loyd, Klier, Todorocich (2), Hoffman, Haag (3), Frazier. Score at half; Notre Dame 32, Purdue 23. Officials; Nick Kearns and Jim Enright.
4 MONTH INTENSIVE Secretarial Course for COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES A thorough, intensive, -secretarial course — starting February, J-uly, ft October. Registration now open < ★ Regular day and evening school throughout the year. Catalog. ^ A SCHOOL OF BUSINESS PmeHRED BY COllEGE MEN AND WOMEN THE GREGG COLLEGE President, John Robert Gregg, S.C.D. Director Paul M Pair M A 6 H. Michigan Ava. folBpltone. STAte 1881 Chicago, IW-
All Trackmen Meet Today In Fieldhouse Coach Herman Phillips has scheduled a meeting for all those who are interested in track. The meeting will be held this afternoon in room 107 in the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock. A meeting will also be held at 5 o’clock for the benefit of those interested but unable to attend at the earlier hour. ‘No previous experience is required of those who plan to attend the meetings. All that is required is an interest in the sport and the desire to learn. The initial practice session of the 1943-44 track season will be held Thursday afternoon. L Notre Dame s 100th commencement, held on October 29, will be the last formal commencement for the duration. Degrees were awarded to 209 men.
beating Indiana in two meets, and later, January 13, the national cothis year they can boast of three ed pocket billiards tournament will returning veterans, all free stylers. be held and the five girls who come Last year they also broke 12 of 17 out on top in the January 6th cornschool records. Lack of material petition will represent the Univer-
forced Ohio State to cancel its swim- gjty, ming meet with the Boilermakers, which was scheduled for the 8th. Through these practice meets the Riveters hope to prepare for the first conference meet with Wisconsin and Northwestern on January
22.
The sprints and the back stroke continue to look good to the swimming mentor. Salmon, outstanding swimmer from Ohio State, Kann, Pariy, Porter, Leach, Glasser and Gorby, a freshman, all re-
Freshies Form Most Of Iowa '44 Net Squad Last fall it was “giid kids of Coach Slip Madigan” at the University of Iowa in football. This win-
ceive recognition from Papenguth ter it is “cage kids of Coach Pops as showing well in the sprints. Nel- Harrison” in basketball. For of son, freshman from 'South Bend, the 17 players on the 1943-44 Hawk-
who set an Indiana high school swimming record last year, is joining Kortjohn, Woolverton and Cuming for top back stroke position. The breast stroke, as compared with past years, is still weak, but Lair and MacMullen are doing well here. Hansel and Brogan are also doing well in the distance swims,
according to Papenguth.
Gopher Wrestling Squad To Resume Active Competition A war casualty two weeks ago, due to lack of coaching personnel,
Minnesota’s wrestling team has re- being’ an army university, Iowa has
Southworth’s
Attention Graduating Seniors!
turned to the fighting front for the coming campaign with Stan Hanson back at the helm to direct forces. Hanson was appointed by Dr. L. F. Keller to serve as head coach for the mat team of which he was an outstanding member in 1937 and
1938.
First call for candidates early last week was answered by 15 men for whom daily worrauts started
immediately.
Uncle Sam’s navy program, as in other sports, contiibutes rather heavily to the squad roster. Eight of the 15 men now training under Coach Hanson are members of the
navy’s V-12 program.
out and allow the'forwards to get under the basket. Polum went to Carthage College. None of these men have ever had college varsity basketball experience. Lambert will probably start the same lineup which has been in previous games. According to Piggy, the main trouble with the Boilermakers in previous contests has been the lack of rebound work under
the bankboard.
The traveling squad for the trip to Greencastle will be composed of Haag, Hoffman, Schrenk, Horn, Lodge, McPherson, Charcholla, Bennett, Schweizer, Kenndy, Friend and Frazier. Last night the squad ran through drills and ended up with a
heavy scrimmage.
WAA Intramural Rifle Teams Will Compete At Meet Tomorrow Women students who have had
to intercollegiate play. Coach Har- practices will test their aim in
the WAA intramural rifle meet tomorrow evening at the Women’s Gym. Frances Allen, WAA counselor, has announced the schedule. Town gills will begin firing at 6.30 p. m., followed by Delta Gamma at 6-40, Kappa Alpha Theta at 6:50, Phi Mu at 7, RCA cadettes at 7.10, Novadale at 7:20, Ann Tweedale at 7:30, Coedda at 7:40 and
North Hall at 7:50.
Each entranKwill shoot two targets, and the five highest averages, from each group will determine the score. The results will be announced Saturday morning.
eye basketball squad, 14 are freshmen devoid of intercollegiate experience, two are sophomores with competition at other colleges, and one is a graduate student who bad four years at another college. But despite the general youth of his material—12 are 17 or 18 years old—and the fact that most are new
iison is not especially discouraged. He thinks his players have definite possibilities, can scoie well and against men of about their own ability and age will make a good
showing.
This probably is the first time in many years that no experienced men from the previous year’s squad returned. Service calls made a clean sweep of the 1942-43 squad. And,
the services of no navy or marine tiainees, so the squad is all-civilian. Coach Harrison points out that he has hopes of well-balanced scoiing, since most of the fiist string players are better than average shooters. Defensively the men may not
IM Schedules
Fraternity and Ward Basketball
Tuesday, December 28
Couit 1—7:20, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Beta Theta Pi; 7:35, Delta Upsilon
be too strong, because, as are many high school players of the present,
they are oft'pnse-minded.
Team speed will be only aveiage,
not as good as that of lecent years, vs. Chi-Alpha; 8:30, Tau Epsilon But team height is satisfactory, for phi vs. Theta Xi; 8:45, Triangle vs.
the fiist seven playeis lange from Tau-Pi-Phi.
6 feet to 6-3. Iowa, however, will Court 2—7:20, Tau-Sigma vs. have few leseives, foi piobably no Phi-Phi; 7:35, Acacia vs. Alpha moie than 9 to 11 of the squad will Sigma Phi; ^;30, D^ta Tau Delta
„ ,, qualify as able to break into con- vs. Beta Sigma Psi; 8:45, Lambda-
„ ® , feience games. And their lack of Pi vs. Phi Sigma Theta. experience and possible shortage of Gouit 3—7:20, Luma vs. Circle
form the nucleus for this yeai’s
Reserve Your Cap and Gown NOW! (For Graduation Jan. 3, 1944)
stiuad, headed by B.ll Aldwo.th, of j e.taat.ons mil hand,- P,„ee; 1,35, Wainook .8. Maretel
football fame, in the heavyweight - ’ ’
division and Nick Karalis competing in the 145 pound class. }
cap them against teams with veter-
an seivice tiamoes.
from
wmmu&mmmsL
306-40 JIAfE MFRECi mil UAFAWITE INA
Southworth*s •
other outstanding candidatesx who have lepoited are Veine Gagne, another footBMt'player, who made a name for himself in high school wiesthng circles as a member of the Robbinsdale High School wiestling team, winning the 175 pound state title in his junior year and annexing the heavyweight crown m his senior year. Another expeiienced man, Joe Vodonich, has lecently reported for drills. He is a former Gopher wiesUer at 155 pounds. He is enrolled in the giaduate school. Minnesota’s opponents for the coming season include Wisconsin, Iowa and Northwestern in the conference, with meets now being arranged with Caileton and Macalaster in state college elides.
Green Potters Plan Freshman Dance Gi’een Potteis Boaid, fieshman goveining body, will meet tomorlow in loom 212 of the Union at 7:30 p. 111., accouhng to Ed Easley, piesident of the boaid. The boaid will discuss plans for a foimal freshman dance to be held on some Fiiday night in the eaily part of Febiuaiy. Piesent plans call for a fieshman beauty queen to leign ovei the affau The boaid also hopes to hold a smoker foi freshmen, as well as the traditional pot burning ceremony in the near futuie.
lar Maioons; 8:30, Purdue Only vs. Rockets; 8:45, Roverettes vs. Red-
men.
Court 4—7:20, Roachdale vs. Hot Shots; 7.35, Chauncey vs. International House. Army Basketball Wednesday, December 29 Couit 1—6:45, G3 vs. C5; 7:00, G4 vs. C6; 7:55, G5 vs. C7; 8:10, G6 vs. Dl. Court 2—6:45, G1 vs. D2; 7:00, A5 vs. Al; 7:55, E3 vs. D4; 8:10, A6 vs. A2. Couit 3—6:45, E4 vs. D6; 7:00, A3 vs. A7; 7:55, E5 vs. El; 8:10, Bl sv. A4. , Court 4—6-45, E2 vs. E6; 7:00, B6 vs. B2; 7:55, B7 vs. E7; 8:10, Cl vs. B3. Buy War Bonds0^rmy, Navy, Marine News
' - </'. /., , ^ ■ i ■' !i\ , _ ti' .
1^'' 'ff #v
^ t •''fr . mge4
For Service Men, By Service Men
Tuesday, December 28, 1943
Army Will Ship More ASF Men Overseas
mAA Schedule
, ASP personnel who have been on du^ With training units for a period of 18 months or more are now subject to overseas assignment, the Abjei*deen Proving Ground Flaming Boitib .reports in discussing ASF Citcular No. 143, dated December 8, jL943. ■The circular, according to the Flatting Bomb, directs attention to thfe necessity of providing suitable qualified personnel, officers and enlil^d men, for assignment to newly acjtivated units, and as replacements fbr overseas commands. ''It is desired that a rotation policy be established by which instructors and trainer personnel at service schoolt, replacement training centers and unit training centers will be made available for assignments
indicated above,” the circular states. Commanders Initiate Action ASF training activity commanders are to initiate action to release officers and men who have been on current assignments for 18 months and are able to meet requirements for overseas duty. The Flaming Bomb notes that although the plan is more specific in its provisions than those heretofore in effect, it is actually not new. It has been the consistent policy of the War Department to relieve overseas personnel whenever circumstances permit, and it has been studying the problem of rotating personnel outside the continental limits of the United States ever since the war began.
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
The sinking of the Scharnhorst may not have any national repercussions in England and the United States, but its effect on the German people is enough to make up for the sinking of a whole German fleet. The Scharnhorst had been the backbone of the German fleet, such that it was, since the sinking of the unsinkable Bismai'ck, May 1914. Any hopes that the Nazis could have had about a glorious —
to the death naval battle with has a chance to ring itself out. The the English grand fleet has strikes in the steel and railroad inbeen swept under the waves ‘^"stries that are starting to crop
. -.1 ri 1 up over the expiring of wage and
With the sinking of the Scharn- ,„„tracts, and the fact that the hOrst off North Cape, Norway, employers and union officials canTbis naval victory, along with the not come to a definite agreement
disasters in Italy and Russia, was a very bitter Christmas pill for the Nazis to swallow, but if the Germans were told of the losses inflicted upon their side during the Christmas wefefc end they certainly have reason to believe that their part in the war will be over by the Christ-
over these two man issues, ai'e the cause of this resolution. Even if no definite agreements can be reached at present the union laborers should consider the cost of a quick defeat of the Axis great enough to forfeit such a strike until the President or other responsible
the iWhole world, including, we be-
lieve, the Germans.
Labor unions in this country seem bent on starting a very unpatriotic resolution even before the old year
the loss of any hours of work.
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
STRAUSS ..SAYS:
IT'S ONE DAY NEARER VICTORY
The Man's Store is an APPOINTEE
OF THE NAVY
to present Officers' Uniforms and Accessories under the NAVAL PLAN
This direct "logistic" Navy-—Manufacturer—Retailer-resuits in a degree of quality— a degree of v^lue which are apparently not realizable under any other method.
The Man's Store's facilities in Fitting and Alterations can do near-miracles in emergencies!
Ft ices established by the Navy—foi uaifoims, etc., presented through the Naval Plan.
Aviation work uniform, $50
Navy cap with device, $1 1 30
BLUE SERVICE UNIFORMS, $40
Slate gray chinos, $15 38
Overcoats, $50
Raincoat with removabfe wool lining, $37 50
Slate gray shirts and all other accessories
Complete Selection of Insignia
: STRAUSS & CO. INC. THE MAN'S STORE
h(*v } <it mm.
INDIANAPOLIS 9, INDIANA
Tuesday, December 28 10:30—News 10:46—Smile Time 11:00—Morning Matinee 11:30—Music 11:60—Purdue news 11:66—News 12:00—Farm Forum 12:30—li^eet the Band 12:66—News 1:00—Home Makers Club of the Air 1:16—Music 1:30—Adventures in Research 1:46—Markets 1:66—News 2:00—Story a Day 2:16—Music 2:30—Treasure Chest 2:56—News 3:00—Afternoon Melodies 3:15—The Voice of the Underground 3:30—Musical Varieties 3:55—News 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax 4:55—News 6:00—Little Miss Muffett 6:15—Music 6:30—Vespei’s 5:45—Music 6:00—A Minute of Prayer 6:01—The Dinner Hour 6:65—News 7:00—Chinese Stories 7:15—South American Way 7:30—Between the Headlines 7:45—Music 7:55—Dramatized News 8:00—Avard Mitchell, pianist 8:15—The Parade of Business 8:30—From the Press Box 8:45—Music 8:55—News ^ 9:00—Musicana 9:30—“The Road to'Fear” 9:55—News 10:00—OFF THE AIR
AST Patter
By T/6 Morris Better
mAs of 1944. Such is the hope of officials in Washington can bang
enougli heads together to get the
laborers what they desire without
Wednesday, December 29 10:30—News 10:45—Smile Time 11:00—Morning Matinee 11:30—Music 11:50—Purdue News 11:55—News 12:00—Farm Forum 12:30—Meet the Band 12:55—News 1:00—Home Makers Club of the Air 1:15—Music 1:30—Parents’ Forum 1:45—Markets 1:55—News 2:00—Story a Day 2:15—Treasury Star Paiade 2:30—Music 2:45—Music 2:55—News 3:00—Lee and Her Piano 3:15—Lest We Forget 3:30—Musical Varieties 3:55—News 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax 4:55—News 5:00—Little Miss Muffett 5:15—This is Indiana 5:30—Vespers 5:45—Sports Review 6:00—A Minute of Prayer
’’JUST WHAT I NEEDED” As I sat around Xmas morn—it was really about noon—leafing idly through one of three cartoon anthologies which comprised most of my Xmas haul, I wondered why so many gifts are always the result of either last minfite shopping or thoughtlessness. Although newspapets and magazines publish pre-Xmas suggestion lists for service people, so much of the resulting crop of gifts are pretty ludicrous and useless items. That was being pretty dyspeptic and Peglerish for Xmas Day—’specially since we all know that it’s not the gift so much as what’s behind it. Even if it only provides a laugh (such as bizarre neckties used to) it serves a useful purpose. In the midst of this meditation—a short rap on the door. Before I could reply, it flew open. “Yuletide greetings, T-six.” “Merry Chr ,” I started to say solemnly but my jaw dropped when I looked up, “.. . faki’isakes, old man, what kinda get-up is that?” It was a fellow sufferer. He stood there with money belts wrapped around his body right up under his armpits. “Look what I got for Xmas,” he sing-songer with mock delight. “Four money belts—just what I needed!” That picked me up. I couldn’t help laughing. “See this one,” he said pointing to an expensive looking pigskin model in the vicinity of his navel, “that was sent to me by my uncle. He makes five thousand per and he sends me a money belt,” “Wyncha start up a PX?” I asked laughingly. FOR DULL LECTURES “That ain’t nothing. Do you know what THIS is?” he asked whipping out a small horseshoe-shaped affair from behind his back. “Ya got me on that one. I’d say it was either a flowerless floral wreath for a Shetland pony or a seat for a baby’s potty.” “The wiseapple who thought this one up had a TERRIFIC brainstorm. He called it a foxhole pillow.” “Foxhole pillow? Whatinell is that?” “Well, when you’re lying around in some foxhole in New Guinea or Italy and you wanna get forty winks, you merely slip this around your neck—thusly. Then you sleep in style and in comfott. It takes your mind off the war.” “The regulation OD color, I suppose, keeps you from getting any demerits,” I added. “Yes, I suppose so,” he answered with disguest, “but imagine sending a thing like this to an ASTer. Why of all the dirty, low-lifing, sarcastic things to do—don’t they think we’ve got any morale that needs holding up?” I got an inspiration. “Don’t get excited, old man. THAT is unquestionably the most practical and useful item you’ve got and your benefactor, I’d venture to say, has a great deal of wisdom and foresight.” “Lissen, I know this is the season to be jolly, but this brand of humor doesn’t register with me. Whatinell c’n a GI do with a _? ) (&? thing like this? Why I couldn’t even give it away. And you call it practical, yet.” “Sure it is,” I emphasized slowly and seriously. “Did you ever see a handier gadget for dull lectures? Why you can be thfe most fashionable dogface asleep in your class.” ' “Saaaaay, you might have something there. We’ll have to try it out real soon.” His face beamed. “Well, Happy Yuletide, T-six.” “Merry Xmas, old man." I went back to my cartoon anthology, LOPSIDED STAR This week’s award is for the unnamed sokliei from Co. E who thought enough of one of the elderly women in the South ballroom chowline to get her out on the othei side of the counter for one meal. She was his guest for Xmas dinnei. The meal, incidentally, went off well for all concerned. Foi the civilians, there was not only the pleasure of balancing an overloaded tray but also the practical considerations that arose from restaulants, like everything else m town, being closed. To the GIs, (a mixed crowd contiibuted desiiable variety and was a welcome departure. ODDS ’N’ ENDS Entertainment lineup for the Meek end is as follows: There’ll be a double dose of Victory Varieties on Satdy and a name band (Johnny Long) for Union dancing that nite. The NYear’s Eve offering M'ill be “Girl Crazy” at MH for service men and M'ives. . . . The Gershwin musical was originally scheduled for last week but “Best Foot Forward” with Lucille Ball and Winsocki turned up in the shuffle. The best line of the movie, and quite apropos, was “let’s all have an aspirin.” . . . The Navy is distilling a bit of theatrical potion which they call an answer to “Khaki on the Kamijus”. We shall see. ... At Oregon State College, the Army field bag is an item of regular issue for ASTers. . .. Happy New Year to y’all and remember ’44 is a leap >ear.
Average GI Costs $501.06 Per Year
In order to keep the average soldier fed, clothed and generally maintained as a flghting man, the Army Quartermaster reports spending the sum of $501.06. This amount is for the flrst year within the continental United States. As chow-hounds the GIs each cost approximately 62 cents a day tb fee4 and over the period of 12 months this runs into $226.30. In obtaining these
figures Q. M. has computed
Pvt Hoffman Will Imitate In V-12 Show
By Pvt. M. E. West, USMCR
averages and there are many variations from this bfi,sic amount. For example, the United States Military Academy is still on garrison rations while the cost of food for the AST’s is well above 62 cents per day for one man. In certain parts of the
Pvt. Bob (Max) Hoffman, goyjjtry this cost may run a bit
USMCR, will appear on the stage
Initial Cost $114.86
of the Music Hall for the second time when he gives a performance
in “Scuttlebutt and Brine,” the '^1^® initial cost for clothing is Navy V-12 show to be presented the $114.86 and to this amount is added evening of January 8, 1944. Hoff- $76-37 for maintenance during the man gave several impersonations at fii’st year. Individual equipment is one of the first Friday night convos included in this amount and after the service men arrived on the such items as canteen, dog tags, C3.nipus in July. niGcit c&n und first uid poucli sniount Hoffman’s home town is North $44.77 annually plus $12.66 for Brook, 111., and he attended the Uni- maintenance. Barracks equipment versity of Illinois prior to his enlist- ^nd maintenance reach the total of
ment in the marines. Bob comes $27.11.
from a family of many marines. That overcoat that feels so nice His father, a captain in the marines, and warm these cold days costs the is at present in command of the ma- army $11.53, while the wool knit
rine aviation detachment at Chicago. Impersonated in School Bob started doing impersonations when in high school and has done much enteitaining since then. Some of his impersonations of well known celebraties include Ned Sparks, Jimmy Cagney, Edward G. Robinson, Red Skelton, Henry Aldrich, Jimmy Stewart and a host of others. His impersonations in “Scuttlebutt and Brine” will be of new and well known personalities.
Personnel Notes
cap can be replaced for 42 cents. Seiwice shoes, those handy footcoverings for long marches, are priced at $4.31 for each of the two pairs. Each item has its cost and one way not to find out these amounts is to sign a statement of charges. Miscellaneous articles such as insignia, braid, laces, overshoes and othei items which are issued to some but not all soldiers fi’om time to time, depending on promotions, tiansfers and special assignments, are included in the overall average cost per man.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
6:01—The Dinner Hour
8
15—Ed Memmer, pianist
6:56—News
8
30—Music
7:00—Chinese Stories
8
55—News
7:15—Plans for Peace, Dr. Thomas
9
00—Musicapa
7:30—Music
9
30—Anything but Swing
7:66—Dramatized News
9
56—News
8:00—The Bookman
10
00—OFF THE AIR.
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Revere Copper and Brass, Inc., Rome, N. Y.—January 11,1944. Interested in M.E., E.E. a^id Met.E. Also ASTP and NCTP. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Dec. 31. Goodj ear Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio—Jan. 12. Interested in M. E., C.E., Ch.E. and AeE. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, Dec. 31. General Electric Co., Schnectady, N. Y.—Jan. 17 and 18. Interested in M.E. and E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Jan. 6. Federal Telephone & Radio Corp., Newark, N. J.—Interested in E.E. and M.E. Coming Jan. 13. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, Jan. 5.
We The Students
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment; Continental Oil Co., Ponca City, Okla.—Interested in all engineers, chemists and geologists. If interested, sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Jan. 3.
Your Car Needs
PAMPERING for the Duration
Parts for All Needs!
PETER ANDERSON CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
The Indiana State Personnel Division, 141 South Meridian street, Indianapolis, announces a variety of openings for college graduates interested in careers in Indiana mciit service. Students in their last semester at the University may take these examinations and be qualified for a position immediately upon graduation. Openings exist in the fields of welfere visiting, interviewing, personnel assistance, clerical work and for positions as institutional chief clerk, accountant, statistician, dietitian, recreational director, psychologist, bacteidologist, chemist, public health sanitarian, secondary general teacher, school supervisor, etc. Further in-
By Pvt. M. E. West, USMCR Question: “In view of the fact that students have at times been turned away from convocations because of ticket sellouts, do you think that persons other than students should be excluded from such programs ?” Carolyn Witz: “If anyone is kept out I think it should be only at such times as when a large crowd of students is expected.” Pvt. George DuBois: “Students have a better opportunity to buy tickets early than other people. If they don’t get tickets before they are sold out it is entirely their fault.” Robert Hatchell: ‘ “No. With the attendance of larger crowds better acts can be seem ed for the programs. When townspeople and students are both allowed to attend convos the officials are assured of a good crowd and can plan their program accordingly. Students have the same chance to buy tickets as others.” Helen Goodwill: “At laige programs I think only students and teachers should be allowed to attend.” Pvt. E. T. Smiley: “Everyone should have an equal chance to attend such programs. They can all buy tickets ahead of time and if they don’t it is their own fault.”
foimation may be obtained at the Placement Service for Men, 2966, or by writing to the Personnel Divi-
Notices
Sliiclent Senate Workers: Committucs posted on bulletin boaid in olfice. Pkntv oi work for evLiybody H15INZE
Classified Ads
Christian Stienee Oruunizalion; KeRular nuetiiij? of the Chiibtmn Science Oii?am/ation to In held Tu<sday, Deo 28, at 7 10 m the Towei ot the Union. —SCIIWANDT
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, I?un8, luBgage, typewriters. Alberts Loan
Office, 407 Columbia.
H. K. N. Pledgres. RoukH initiation will b( lulil ’riUHiday Die 28, at 7 p m m the EE buiidniK it is impoilunt that all pledifib bt tht'u with the specified equipment - WJHTBLY
Typewriters—Addinir machines, all makes sold, rented, nqiniic'd and purchased. Mimeofiriaph woik done. C P. Ebershoff, 605 Main Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Tau Beta Pi: Mectinir Thuisduy, Dec 30, at 7:1') in morn 2b3 ol the Union - EVANS
WAA Riflery: Intraniuial rifle meet will he held Wednesday, D( comber 29, in the Women's aym. See schedule. —ALLEN
Pi Tau Si^ma: Meetinjr Wednseeday, Dec at 'i .15 p m
2‘J{ 7.15 p m loom 2bl of the Union Ehc tion ot new meinbeis will bt held
EVANS
1*1 A: Hoaul immbers and cundldatoh for
ollieta. Meeting in PIA oflice Wednesday
“ PERILLE
Kappa l)e*lta Rho: Met ting in the old Chikstnut Room at 0 10 Tuesday Det. 28. JOHNSON
Green Potters Himrd: Mtetinu Wednesday at I ..to 1) m in mom 21Z of the Union to (IISLIISS plans loi (lance —EASLEY
Ceres; Businchs meeting will be held today at b .30 in loorn 203 of the Union EvexpecUd to be piesent, election <»f oHieeis RIIJE
Kumia .SiKina: M(s.tmi; Tuesday, Dec .J8. at 7 .10 in loom .too of the Union. KENNEDY
Alpha Gamma Uho: MectiiiK Wednseday Dec 28, at 0 p m at old Chustnul Room —WHITE
AWS Judicial Board: Meetiiqr WidneHilay, Deo. 29, at 5 in AWS oflice —LUDBERG
Eta Kappa Nu: Roiqrh initiation tor pledpes Tueseday, Dec. 28, at 7 p. m at EV Iniildint!:. -WILLIAMS
^ - kI