^'4
( , ■ 'T;'' 1 Vvv,5-'i ',’ ■'''-■ s:'. *■
Rash Statement Foretells ' ' > End Of Measles Epidemic Red Spots Claim Over 200 Campus Victims In Month-Long Rise Of Polka-Dot Plague
Volume 55, No. 101
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, March 9, 1943
By Ed Stephenson Is your throat just a little sore ? Do you have the shlffles? Are your lymphnodes swollen? Does your ajrhi, face, back or chest have a suspicious reddish tash^? Buddy, you’d better rush over to the Student ilealtli Service—you’ve probably got the measles. According to Dr. P. H. Schmeidicke, Assistant Medical Advisor of the Student Health Service, the number of cases of three day measles in the past month has amounted to a minor epidemic on the campus., He estimated the number as somewhere between 200 and 300 students who have had the evil red rash. There’s No Escape There is little or nothing that the individual student can do to avoid measles except stay out of large crowds. The general idea, however, is that if you are going to get the measles, you’ll get them. There’s practically no escape from the elusive little measle “i)ug”. If you are “bitten”, the disease will last for only about three days. At then end of this period, recovery is usually complete, although a few cases of the three-day measles’ big brother, the seven-day measles, have been reported. The three-day measles is mainly a nuisance disease. There is only slight discomfort from the red rash, accompanied with a weak cold. The average student finds that he feels much better after a case of the miserable measles. Three days in the contagion ward of St. Elizabeth Hospital gives ample opportunity for sleep that is usually fruitlessly sought during nor-
mal school activities. The Damage Is Done When you discover that your roommate has a case of the rash, you probably don’t need to avoid him, because the damage is usually done. The measles spread and are contagious long before the inflicted person has a hint that he is infected. This is the main factor which causes the disease to occur as an epidemic instead of as an isolated case. Cases are usually recognized when the patient discovers swollen lymphnodes (glands in the neck behind the ears), has a slight cold, or sore throat. The rash may start on the arms, chest, back or face; it usually disappears after the first day. Before rushing to the hospital, it is best to have the diagnosis of a physician. If it is dui’ing the day, call on the Student Health Service, where proper stops can be taken. Don’t Study Three-day measles fail to effect the eyes like the seven-day variety. It is better, however, not to strain the optic nerves while bemeasled. This gives a perfect excuse for not studying while in the hospital. The number of cases per day has been increasing steadily for about a month now, and, accoi’ding to Dr, Schmeidicke, have probably reached a peak. A decline in new infections is expected in the near future. Meanwhile, stop scratching and look af yourself in the mirror. Could that red looking rash be . . . ? We warned you.
Campus Red Cross Campaign Opens
Open In Mony Fields Information received from the United States Civil Service office states that applications are being accepted for the position of “junior professional assistant” with a standard salary of $2,000 per annum plus overtime amounting to approximate-
ly 21 per cent of the above stated amount.
Eligibles to fill vacancies in the fields of Public Administra- — tion. Business Administration,
Hanley Speech Civil Service Positions
Competition Closes Today Today^ is positively the last day
that entries will be accepted in the Hanley Speech Contest. Accoi’ding to Bert Squier, manager of the contest, entries so far have been coming in very slowly. This contest is open to all engineering students and the Speech Office in University Hall should be immediately notified
by those intending to entei*. Contest pi'eliminaries will be
held next Thursday at 7:30 p. m. with the finals on Thursday, March 18. Six entrants will go on to the finals. Lee Winch and Robert Horn of the speech department will be
the judges for the preliminaries. Speeches may be on any economic
subject pertaining to the war. One hundi’ed dollars in prizes will be given. In the preliminaries the speeches will be limited to five minutes. Speeches in the finals may be
^even minutes long.
'. W". A. Hanley, a University graduait'e, is the sponsor of the contest, an'd,- is to encourage engineering students to learn to express their
idejis in words.
WAATo Install Olficers Thursday At 7:15; Hold Hike Sunday
Navy Will Induct Fifty Freshmen Tomorrow Prof. W. A. Knapp announced yesterday that a group of approximately 50 freshmen, all in the 17 year age bracket, will be formally inducted into the Navy as volunteers in the V-1 classification. The ceremonies will be held in the south ballroom of the Union tomorrow night at 7:30. Lieutenants Russell and Mallory, representing the Indianapolis Office of Naval Officer Pro-
curement, will induct this last group to be admitted to the V-1 classification. The new volunteers are expected to be ordered to college training as apprentice seamen and may even-
tually be commissioned. Films Follow Ceremony
, Physical examinations for the Yesterday at 8 two new dairy ^
technicians courses began on the medical officer of the local unit, campus in an effoit to help in the the co-operation of Cornshortage of trained men and women zander Hugh J. Bartley, commanto do the testing in dairy labora- ^^nt of the Naval Training School
Dairy Department Begins Hew Lab Technicians' Course
tories.
Prof. G. W. Gregory, who is in charge of the course, said “The government is asking for a large amount of dairy products of uniform and high quality, which will
at the University.
Approximately 450 University students who are already enlisted in Navy, V-1, V-5, or V-7 programs, along with members of the Army Enlisted Reserve who have
. All Women’s Athletic Association membex's are invited to attend the installation of new officei’s elected lafet week at a special meeting to be held Thursday evening at 7:15 in the Women’s Gym. Gail Hennis, the retiring president, will install newly elected Jean Blackman, Pi'esident; Bea Buergler,, Vice-President; Patricia Hennip, Secretary; and Ruth Rule, Treasurei’. Other retiring officers ^re 'Mildx’ed Smith, Vice-President; Patfribia Hennis, Secretary; and .(\.'nn Busby, Treasm-er. ' A hike and breakfast party will be held for both the incoming and outgpingf members of the council at 9 a. m. Sunday in the WAA cabin.
AWS Will Open New Vocational Conference Tomorrow Afternoon Another vocational conference similar to the one sponsored by AWS last fall will begin tomorrow at 4 p. m. when W. S. Hastings, of the English department, will address membex’s of the AWS assembled in the East Faculty Lounge on “Letters of Business Application.” Although jobs will be plentiful in war industries this summer, AWS advises the coeds who plan to woi'k during the summer months to write letter’s of application to their prospective employer’s now, to prevent
possible delays.
Since this is the first time that AWS has attempted to arrange a series of meetings, the schedule of speakers and lectures is still in the formative stages. However’, speakers will be selected who are authorities in their particular fields. According to AWS, one of the big features of the conference will be a number of off-campus speakers which they plan to engage for several of the nreetings. WAA To Hold Bowling Matches March 17 Fir’.st matches in the WAA class bowling tournanrent will be played off at 7 p. m. Wedrresday, March 17. The deadline for entries is Saturday, March 13. Entrants must bowl at least three practice games and turir in their scores to the manager of the bowling alleys, WAA office in the Union, or to Barbara Sanders.
Life Has Mahy Pitfalls . . . Beware Of Pixies
By Pat Bauer ‘ , Have you ever stopped to wonder what made you add that extra “t” on your last nanre when you )rave been spelling it with one for twenty years? Whether you have or' haven’t makes little difl'orenco for the cause is still a sprightly gnome called a gremlin. Not Pixies Or Fairies But Gremlins While people have known pixies and elves for years, it was the Royal Air Forces who discovered gremlins. They are the cause of jammed guns, cracked wings and piany other mishaps befalling a flier who olFends these curious cveatures. But the gremlins don’t confine thenisolves to the RAF alone. They can -be found hero in the Exponent .office, too. Periodically, they fake possession of every reporter and
make him lefuso to write a “human intei’est” story. These are named huniinitcs. Others, called stornrites, invade the brain of the city editor and have him assign six different people to write the same headline. 7’ho crackpites cause students to write na.sty anonymous letters to the editor. Editors Beware—Netrixes Meanest of them all, perhaps are the netrixes who hide the lead story until the editor has gone crazy finding a substitute or writing a new
one.
If you should feel a twistick pulling on your tongue while reading this story, run to the nearest ))ost oftice and send an SOS to Fat.stuff' of Smilin’ Jack for some grcniliir juice. This is the only preventive known. «
Economics, Economic Geography, Library Science, History, Public Welfare, Statistics, Mathematics and Agriculture are in great demand. Also wanted are applicants in the fields of Chemistry, Engineering, Geology, Metallurgy, Meteorology, Physics and Soil Conservation.
For The Duration
Appointments will be granted for the duration of the war and in rro case will extend beyoird six months
after the war.
Applicants nrust nreet all requirements: graduate from a college or university qf recognized standing, or be senior students with rrot more than one semester or two quarters of work remaining to fill requirements for graduation with a bachelor’s degree in one of the afore-
mentioned fields.
Examinations To Be Given Competitive examinations will be given periodically at the Civil Service Coipmission office in Lafayette. Applicants who are admitted to the examination will receive admission cards stating the time of the test. No date limiting the time in which applications may be submitted has
been announced.
Deep Mystery Shrouds Army Arrival Here Where is the army, is the question that was being asked around the campus yesterday. The reply to this question is somewhat vague, but it hardly, seems likely that five hundred soldiers could be lost en route to such an important place. The process of finding the five hundred lost souls was started by Dale Butz, Editor of the Exponent, asking Prof. Frank Hockema where the army men were. Prof. Hockema said that he was wondering the same thing but would call Col.
Beere to find out.
The Colonel couldn’t answer the question so he called the Army Headquarters at Columbus, Ohio. They could not supply the answer and the rrratter was relayed to the War Department in Washington. The War Department did not know the answer either and wanted to know if anyone else did. If any students find these lost soldiers, they are asked to sot them on the right trail to the barrks of the Wabash. Coed Bowling Tournament Schedule for Week Three Wednesday, March 10— Chi Omega vs. Alpha Chi Omega. Delta Gamma vs. Pi Beta Phi. Saturday, March 13— Kappa Kappa G^ma vs. Phi Mu. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Alpha Xi
Delta.
meet the government standards.” pressed Navy preference, will witHe went on to explain that this was induction ceremony. Polthe real purpose of the school. At ceremony, plans have
the px’esent time, it may be noted
that the government is taking 90 tures depicting the fleet, subnrarine per cent of the powdered milk that ^^^.pg activities of the Navy.
is being produced, 50 per cent of the cheese, and 30 per cent of the
butter.
Tests Determine Quality Those in attendance are employed by butter companies and condensed or powdered milk plants in the state, besides dairy inspectors or dairy technicians who are employed in the State Board of Health Department.
Modern Dance
Purdue Engineer
Calloyf To Confinue Club Features Illls Afternoon Spanish Music
Callouts for the Purdue Engineer
The tests which are being studied continued through tonight
are those used in determining the quality of dairy products and the tests used to check the dairy methods. The course is under the direction of the entire dairy department
and its head.
Outside Speakers Among the outside speakers are John Taylor, chief of the Bureau of Dairying of the State Board of
in room 380 of the Union at 4 p. m. Freshmen and sophomores, both eds and coeds, and cadettes are eligible for positions on the editorial and
business staffs.
The Engineer was founded in 1905 as the Purdue Engineering Review, a 120 page annual publication of the engineering societies of the University which sold at fifty
Health, who will speak Friday at copy.
Now published irronthly, the Engitreer has a circulation in excess of 1,000 and is sent anywhere without additional cosr to its $1.60 yearly subscription rate. It is entirely selfsupporting through national advertising, the subscription rates paying only for circulation costs. The Engineer is a member of the ECMA, Engineerirrg College Magazine Association, composed of 25
college magazines.
ASME Contest Set For April 12 And 13 At Northwestern Annual ASME contest for engineering students will be held at Northwestern University oti April 12 and 13. In this contest, which is designed primarily to promote independent work on the part of engineering students, the winner
10 a. m. on “Grade A Milk.” W. K. Moseley, of the Moseley labs in Indianapolis, will speak Friday at 11 a. rn. on_“Plant Sanitation.” Winning Howitzer Squads To Receive Citations And Merits Squad No. 3, organized and dr illed by Cadet Second Lieutenants W. L. Shedd and C. A. Hofer won the 105 mm. Howitzer Squad competition held Wednesday night, March 3, in the Armory. The tentative awards are: two citations and 24 merits for each member of the winning squad and twelve merits for all other compet-
ing cadets.
Squad Members
The members of Squad No. 3 are
Cadets F. D. Baker, J. W. Jameson, will be selected froirr a number of S. K. Keyser, N. O. Keefer, C. P. representatives from the engineerPotts, R. A. Tharp, R. K. Wilder- ing schools of the nridwest who ninth, R. T. Siefort and D. Harth, have written papers on a technical trained by Cadet Second Lieu- or non-technical subject, tenants W. L. Shedd and C. A. Although the date for the local Hofer. Members of Squad No. 2 are contest which will determine the Cadets W. G. Harmon, J. F. Hunt, University representative to attend D. F. Ichen, J. F. Kehl, R. E. Perk- the contest at Northwestern has ins, C. B. Stecker, J. A. Drucke- not been announced as yet, infornra-
War Council Organizes Plan To Collect Student Donations Launching of the annual Red Cross War Fund and Membership Drive for both Tippecanoe County and the University campus began yesterday morning. The county and city of Lafayette held an opening luncheon and the Student War Council, under the direction of PIA president, Norman Augsberger, started the drive by organizing collection plans for the week. According to the plans
set up, all fraternity houses, sorority houses. Women’s Residence Halls, Cary Halls, co-op houses and other campus organizations will be contacted
this week.
The Student Cooperative Association is acting through the PIA to solocit the co-op houses and the Women’s Residence Halls. House-to-house coverage for the cash contributions will be made by PIA ward chairmen. Although the campus contribution will be totaled as one large sum, the respective contributions of the various houses will be listed separately to encourage as large donations as possible. Pan Hel To Contact Sororities Sorority houses are to be contacted by the Pan-Hellenic Council. The present plan is to assign the eight different houses equal amoimts to which the Pan-Hellenic Council will add enough to double the last year’s goal reached. ,'i Besides contacting personally the campus organizations, the Red Cross Drive Committee is maintaining a booth in the Union for the benefit of those students who still might not have been contacted or who rrright wish to contribute personally. Contrffiutors at the booth will receive t^s indicating that they have supported the drive. ’The original plan to issue the usual metal buttons for that purpose was changed to save an estimated 52 tons of metal throughout the coun-
try.
Greater Need For Funds Since the President of the United States has declared that the Red Cross Roll Call and War Fund Campaign for the year be, combined during the month of March, the annual national goal has been doubled to $125,000,000 as compared with last year’s goal of $50,000,000. In accordance with the national increase in the goal desired, Tippecanoe County’s goal has been set at $37,000 and the University is expected to assume its share of the responsibility in financing the Red Cross gifts of blood plasma, surgical dressings, nursing service and first aid detachments.
Driver Foils
Dog's Attempt
To Tour City
Last week one of the ’cross-town busses was waiting on University Street near Cary Hall for the usual rush of students and sailors. Business wasn’t too good right at the time, so the operator was indulging
iir a smoke.
Soon a customer approached the bus. Never one to refuse a customer while the doors will still open, the driver hastened to let the student in. Before he could close the doors, a mongrel walked in, moved to the rear end, and lay down—apparently very much at home. The dog was reluctant to leave, and did not do so until brute force was applied. “He was probably going on an inspection tour of Lafayette’s firehydrants,” obser-ved one occupant of the bus. ^
At their first meeting open to the public, the Modern Dance Club of the University will put on a progranr Thursday evening’ at 8 in the
Women’s Gym.
The prograrrr will include an informal demonstration of techniques and dance composition. In addition, there will be a demonstration of some Spanish-American folk dances which are popular in Mexico, South Anrerica and the Southwest. The Dance Club is an organization sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association and is about six years old. Faculty advisor and instructor is Theresa Bell and its president is Eleanor Serban. Anyone interested in dancing is welcome to come out to dance techiriques classes held Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p. m. Debs'is Pictures Those who neglected to have their senior pictures taken at the time the photographer was on the campus may do so by going to the Dexheimer-Carlon studio in Indiarrapolis within the next two weeks after coming to Debris office to fill out an activity chart.
—RENTSCH
Helen Beko
... of Gary, is in North Africa as recreation director with the American Red Cross. Miss Beko was graduated frorrr the University in 1938 in the Science School with Physical Education as her nrajor.
What Famous People Say . . . Library Shows Letters '/ Of Historic Importance
miller and R. Hupp, trained by Cadet Second Lieutenants E. F. Ryden and S. Anton. Cadet Second Lieutenants D. C. Shelton and 0. L.
tion from the Mechnical Errgineering school says it will be held nr
about three weeks.
To qualify, a student must be in
Warner ti’ained Squad No. 1, which ASME and nrust be an undergTad-
was nrade up of Cadets R. A. Crandall, R. C. Mayfield, J. L. Ronk,
irate or a ’42 graduate. Judging will be based on delivery and eft'ective-
R. E. Salveter, W. P. Stallings, ness, pronunciation and enunciation.
W. L. Davis, J. N. Williams, II. A.
Scott and L. E. Renner.
Navy Reserves
There will be a meeting of all
members of Navy Reserve V-1, 7*0© GOOS
V-5 and V-7, Marine and Coast Guard Reserves ,and ERC witli Navy or Marine preference in the South Ballroom of the Union Wednesday evening, March 10,
at 7:30. ‘
W. A. KNAPP,
University Navy Representative.
tinring, nraterial, originality, and acquaintance with subject. Traveling expenses will be paid
by ASME.
. . . town girl’s clrrb, will hold the regular meeting’ Friday at 4 p. rrr. in room 355 of the Union with Professor Alma Long, of the Education and Applied Psychology Departirrent, as speaker. Professor Long will speak on one of her hobbies.
By Pat Richardson A man was frantically composing an appeal to the people of France by the light of a guttering candle on a fateful night in 1794. Suddenly the door burst open, a shot rang out and Robespierre slumped in his chair as a bullet shattered his jaw. His blood splattered and stained the paper on which he had been writing. Robespierre’s Signature Shown Exhibited in a display case on the first floor of the library is an exact facsimile of Robespierre’s last signature, m addition to accurate replicas of other ancient documents. These papers are alt connected with historic people and events of the past. Some of the letters would have changed the course of history if the requests in them had been granted. Letter By Joan Of Arc Included in the collection are the unfinished letter Nelson was writing to Lady Hamilton at the time of his death; Napoleon’s appeal to
England for protection after the battle of Waterloo, and others of equal interest. Perhaps the most pathetic of these letters are those written by Louis XVII and his queen, Marie Antoinette, jirst before they were guillotined. The oldest reproduction is a letter signed by Joan of Arc, written in 1430, whicho expresses her thanks for help and her deep conviction that the,, English will be driven from France. Of course it’s written in French,'so don’t try too hal’d to read it. Miss Cammach In Charge It has been the policy of Miss Cammach of the library staff, who is in charge of the exhibits, to fill the display case with material which is both interesting and educational. She has endeavored to obtain a variety in her exhibits by ‘ alternating things of current interest with '^exhibits connected with the past. This exhibit is an exnmpla of the latter.I ■'
If?' pifr liM If'fC 1C i''5x|l.
Pi^g® 2
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Eijitorial and Busiriess Purdue Mcuiariai Unlon^ Phone 4005 Spores, Pioldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Honorary Kditor William G. IlosUins With the ( olors
Editor Buflineaa Manager News Editor Manaffins: Editor Senior AdvortisinR Mnnas^cr Sports Editor ^ed Editor Coed Bufiinesa Et^ecuti>e
Dale E. But? Gerhard H* Kloutnan Robert W. Bonwinkle Saliy Bcai . . James G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean I/aue A* Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors; F. .T. Vi>k1i. .1 T R.chnrd=on. T. L. Tilton W. H. Tyson. W, I, Vermilion, M I,. Smith, C. C. Martindell. E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Pnyllis Mann, Martha Leo Rigga, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. „ nr, i.i. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shn'cr, R. Smitn
Business Staff Assistant AdvertUintr Manager: J. Filpi. „ . Advertising Managers; J. Floj.on, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb Circulation Manager: R. H Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilt.t.
Editor-in-Chlef
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squler
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Smith Sports Editor: Smith Day Editor: Ahrens Issue Editor: DominilReporters: Moore, Lipcs. Watson. Hopkins, Stephenson Riggs, Spick. Craig. Grotnes. Hammil, Richardson, Has ncs Tuttle, Gregory, Abbott, Winsloy. Entered as second ela.sa matter at the po't otTice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the ait of Congie-s of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage providm for in section llOS, act of October .1. 3917, authorizid January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday. Thur.diiy, Friday and Sunday moiningf during the >tar De-livertd lotally by c.irritr for $1.7Ei for a semester or S3.00 for two Eomesters : by mail for $2,00 for a semester nr S3.50 for two scme-stei-. Represented for national advertising by National Advertia ing Service, Im.. College Pulilisliors Representativea, 420 Madison Av< , New York. N. Y.
' ' X Vi *''■!' ’JvV '''V’V /’>' ' ' I r-/S''' ' " Purdue Exponent Tuesday, Mdrih 9, 1943 ’
Victory Book Drive During the next two weeks, the Student War Council will .spo'n.sor a special Victory Book Campaign among the students of the University. This movement is a part of a national program which is being conducted by the American Library Association under the general sponsorship of the service organizations. The drive on the campus has already been started by the University Library and tables for receiving the books have been set up on both floors of the Library building. The student drive, which is under the direction of Will Hiller, pre.sideni of the Student Union, got under way yesterday and during the next few days all fraternities, .sororities, co-ops, residence halls and other organized houses will be contacted. Most all kinds of books are in demand, but the current best sellers and the more recently published popular fiction and non-fiction volumes are espo' ially wanted. Adventure, western, detecti''’'^. rrr’t' -”tery stories are listed by camp libra. ) aS the type of books mo,st popular wdth the men. Technical books published since 1935 in the fields of mathematics, machine mechanics and design, electricity, radio, photography, aeronautics, navigation, meteorology, chemistry, and other scientific fields are acceptable for shipment to service camps. Various other types of books will serve a useful purpose in the Victory Book Campaign. Examples of the books which are needed can be seen on the two tables in the Library where approximately 400 volumes have already been contributed. A good motto is “Give a book that you would like to read yourself”. The books collected on the campus will first be sent to the Naval Electrician’s School in Cary Halls for the benefit of the sailors stationed there. Also some provision may he made to include the Army men who are coming to the campus, but plans for this are still indefinite. Students are asked by the War Council to cooperate in this special two week drive by giving any book which might be of interest to .servicemen. Worn or soiled books or those with torn or loo.se pages are not wanted and popular magazines will not be accepted because they will soon become outdated. Books can be turned in to the Student Union office at any time from 4 to 6 in the afternoon or they can be placed on the tables in the Library. Sui’ely there are many good books laying around student rooms which would do more good in some service camp. If we have read the books, we certainly should be willing to part with them in order that our fellow country men who are already in the .service may have at least a few of the opportunities that we now enjoy.—d.e.b. Selwice, SilupsiSL. Ensign A. M. Olmsi’ead . . . foimur Urii\cjMiy student, lias completed his flight tiaiiiing and has been commissioned an Ensign in the Naval Rc^'serve. Ht is ''laiiouod ut the Jackson\ilIe, Fla., Naval An .Station. Lt. M. S. Gan!‘£ . . . has won his wing^ as Second Lieutenant in the U. S. Maiine Coip-. and has been assigned to a leatherneck squadion. He became an aviation cadet August 7 and is a ioJinm* student of the tJniveisity. Lf". H. Lips^rei,' . . . I'oimc')- U/nviJbity .studcHt, wa.s commis8ioi3ed a Second hieuttnuml Feb. 12 in the U. S. Mat me Corps lieHi’Ve at the Cos’puH Chribti, Texa.s, Naval Aii Training Center.
^ mSUMTOH
Tm Refl U P*t OH
MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
Rooseveli- States No Fourth Term; Democratic Group Gets Impression He Wants Urging WASHINGTON—Real truth about the famous meeting between Deinocratic National Committee members and the President was that the President himself put forward the fouith term idea in a negative way, saying he could not take it. But committee members said the idea was put forward very much like the inan who says he cannot come to dinner but
wants to be urged.
There was no urging from any of the Democrats present except ex-Gov. Olson of California. From the rest came stony silence. Here is the complete off-the-record story oir one of the frostiest meetings between Democratic leaders and their chief in the ten long years of the Roosevelt
administration.
Before they went to the White House, the leaders met at the Mayflower Hotel to discuss their strategy. They had been selected by Frank Walker as the result of a stormy session of the entire committee in Chicago at which there n as open revolt against the President, and at which it was decided to send a small delegation to the White House to tell him so. Nine coi3imittee membei-s were picked, plus five executives of the party. At the advance meeting at the Mayflower, it was suggested that one difficulty would he to keep the President from doing all the talking, and to get him to listen to the delegation’s
complaint.?.
•. Bill Of Complaints So Fi’ank Walker suggested that three be appointed to do the talking. Fi-ank McHale, of Indiana, agreed that this was a good idea, and suggested James Noe, of Louisiana, to represent the South, James Quigley, of Nebraska, for the West, and Mrs. Emma Guffey Miller, of Pennsylvania, for the East. Appai’ently Walker thought these three were too forthright. He i.s understood to have had in mind Mrs. Cai’olyn Wolfe, of Utah, 0. S. Warden, of Montana, and ex-Govei-nor Olson of California, known to he niore friendly to the President. So Walker shifted his suggestion to a previous one that the delegation draw up a written statc33ient naming their complaints. The strategy was that if the President did all the talking, they could then leave this bill of complaint with him. So the bill of complaint was drafted. It began with this sentence: “Jimmy Noe says that the party is in a hell of a mess.” Then for three pages, single-spaced, it proceeded to detail the woes of the party, casting vitriolic condemnation on Harry IIopkin,s, Madame Secretary Perkin:f, Gov. Rex Tugwell of Puerto Rico, Secretary of Agriculture Wickard, Governor of the Fai'in Administration Black, and others. It was proposed that all of them bo fired immediately. During these discussions, McHale of Indiana, referred to Secretary Wickard as “cheap.” He said he had gone to school with Wickard and he didn’t know where the President got the idea to bring him to Washington and have him attempt to control food. “He doesnt’ even know his way around Indiana,” was McHale’s cr>ptic remark. When the delegation finally got to the White House, bearing their bill of con3plaints, they filed past the President’s desk and he shook hands with each. “You are shaking hands with the next governor of Louisiana,” said Noe. ® Fourth Term Suggestion “Take good care of yourself, Mr. President,” said Mis. Miller of Pennsylvania. “The pai’ty will need you ne.xt yeai‘.” This was the first fourth tenn suggestion, but it got no reaction from anyone present. The Pi-esident then proceeded to take the ball and run with it. The meeting lasted 45 minutes, during which he talked practically all the time. He cut the ground partly out from under his belligeient visitoi’s by saying that he knew appointments under Leon Henderson and the Office of Price Administration had been reprehensible. In fact, he castigated Hendeison in .such a way as to indicate that Hendei-son would never come back. He told how Henderson had appointed the treasurer of the Republican State Committee of Georgia, Harry Sommers, as chief of OPA’s Rationing Division in Georgia and how another prominent Republican, O.sear R. Strauss, of Atlanta, was in charge of OPA’s Southeastern office. The visiting Democrats listened patiently. They had heaid these stories liefore, knew all about them and were a bit irked at the President’.s wa.sting this valuable time. The President went on to explain in .some detail how the Democratic paity must begin preparing for the next election. He proposed to get a bill through Congress liberalizing voting for the araied forces. He also pointed out that women had become a big factor in the country, in the munitions plants and on the political front. “They are generally for us and if we play things right, (hey n ill be with us again,” the President said. Then he added his ninst significant line. “We have got to pick someone to carry on the war and our domestic policies, and I hope it won’t be me. I am getting old now,” the President said. “Mr. President,” spoke up ex-Gov. Olson, who wants to be Ambassador to Mexico, “you are the only man on (he horizon as far as this country and the Democratic party are concerned. We need you. You are indispensable.” • Mr. Noe No Yes-Man Roosevelt said nothing. Some of those present looked daggers at Okson. Then the Pre.sident continued with hLs political discourse. Finally Noe, of Loui.siana, interrupted. “Mr. President,” he said, “we didn’t come heie to Insten to you. My name is Noe. I am not a yo.s man. I want to tell you that if the elections were held today we would have the socks beaten ofl’ us in Louisiana.” The President pricked up his ears at this and asked Noe some question.s. Quigley, of Nebraska, then squeezed in his two-cents worth. “Mr. President,” he said, “.speaking in the vernaciilai of wartime, I must tell you that you have lost youi panzer division.s and today all you have left i.s jmur camp followers. What, for instance, are you going to (jo about all these Republicans on the payroll?” “That IS a problem,” the Piesident admitted, “but this is wartime and we have got to use Republicans as well as Democrats.” He promised, however, that he would look into the matter further. (Copyright, 194;j, by'^ United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Army Explains ASIP Queries For Students The questions and answers in this issue are concerned with the Army Specialized Training Program. A future issue will include information about the Navy Collegiate Training Program. Q. When will the Army Specialized Training Program begin? A. Some colleges will be asked to initiate programs on March 1st, others on Apiil 1st, still others on May 1st, and so on. In this way men can be aSr^igned to colleges for basic and for advanced programs as they become available thiough replacement training centers and induction cen-
ters. ■
Q. Does a .soldier make application lor the college program? A. Yes. Ho makes application to his Commanding Officer for the Army Specialized Program, and if accepted he is assigned either to attend a college or university or an Officer Candidate School, depending upon his qualifications.
Q. What will be the length of the basic course in the A. S. T. P.? A. The basic program will consist of three twelve-week teims, or a total of approximately nine calendar months.
Q. What curriculum is planned for the basic program? A. In a typical curriculum about tw'o-thirds of the academic hours will be in mathematics, physics, chemistry and other sciences. The remaining one-third will be devoted to history, English and geography.
Q. What will be a typical week in the A. S. T. P.? A. A typical week w'ill include twenty-four hours of classioom work, including laboratoiy periods, and twenty-four hours of supervised study time. There will also be six hours a week of supervised physical conditioning and about five hours a week of military instruction. The latter will consist of lectures, orientation work, morning formations and some drill. There will be sufficient free time provided each day for personal affaii’s and the men will be off duty from late afternoon on Saturday until the Sunday evening meal.
Q. Will the advanced program run for nine months also? A. Not necessarily. Qualified men will be routed into specialized fields where the work is in twelve-week terms, hut the number of .such terms is dependent upon the field in which the soldier is working. The fields will include engineering, physics, chemistry, psychology and other specific areas.
Q. What curriculum i.s being planned for the pre-medical program? A. A pre-medical schedule calls for sixty-four weeks. The following work has been translated into semester hours: Mathematics, 8; physics, 8; chemistry, 18; zoology, 12; history, English and geography, 15; other selected subjects such as languages, sociology and psychology, 26.
Q. What is planned for the medical program? | A. This calls for the same number of semesters of work as the American Medical A.ssociation standar-ds now require. Medical curricula are unchanged and each school will continue to establish its own curricula. Medical men assigned to this program will be selected from the pre-medi-cal group; school authorities will be requested to do this selection under the general supervision of the Army. Military Films EE Building—Room 129 Wednesday, March 10 ARMORED FORCE Roles of Combat Vehicles of the Mecn. Cav.. Time 46 min. Armored Combat Vehicles.. . . -Time 19 min. Total Time 64 min. Advanced Course St'udents In order that those Advance Course ROTC student may go to Indianapolis Tuesday, March 16, 1S43, to be inducted, they must get to Tippecanoe County Board No. 2, Post Ofiice Building, Lafajette, and complete their papers by Tuesdai, March i), 191.3. PATRONIZE EXFONEN'T ADVERTISERS immsm TODAY and TOMORROW CUB'S SOT A WAy ^ WITH
Science Seminar To Meet Tomorrow Tomoriow at 7:00 p. m., the legular social science seminar will be held in room 263 of the Union. The subject of this week’s discussion is “The Problem of the Negro Minority in Relation to the War and the Peace.” The usual dinner will be held in the Union cafeteria at 6:00 p. m. Those attending are to hi ing their trays to the tables in the West Cafeteria. Prof. 11. II. Remmers, Prof. B. L. Dodds, Prof. C. B. Muiphy and Prof. W. C. Fernelius are the discussers for this meeting. The seminar staits on time and punctuality is expected of eveiyonc attending. The seminals aie not open to the general public.
ARC
TODAY - TOMORROW
and '
A Saga of Singing Six-Guns I
m
mih CUFF ■ EDWARDS • Jour, BARCLAY
ALSO
CHAPTER 11 THE TRAIL OF TERROR!
PLUS-
WALT DISNEY CARTOON -extrapoint RATIONING OF FOOD Hear it explained by an expert.
\oo9'
RAY
sh®
PAULETTE
wi»h GLADYS GEORGE VIRGINIA FIELD •CECIt KELLAWAY and WILLIAM Comedy D C Kl I V Sensation ol D C IN U I A "Woke Islgnd"
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
The Department of Agriculture recently has‘stated that 1943 is expected to be a banner year for farm incomes. Prices for farm commodities are expected to rise, but a jarring note comes into the picture with the fact that farm expenditures may rise because of larger production expenses. The farm labor problem is one which, as yet, the government has failed
to solve satisfactorily. The few men left by the draft in rural communities have been attracted to defense plants because of the set working conditions and higher gross wages. These reasons have created situations in which farmers have ’crops rotting in the fields and must limit their production rates for the coming year because of the laejk of available labor. Farmers aren’t able to pay the high wages demanded by the average present-day
worker. XXX
On orders direct from their German “advisors”, Norway and Finland have stopped sending wood to Belgium although that small low land country has always depended to a great extent on wood from Scandinavia. The Nazis have even ordered the cutting down of large parts of Belgian forests in all sections of the country and in several cities, the inhabitants have been forced to transport the cut trees for the Reich. This new form of plunder results from the fact that wood is one of the most important raw materials needed for Herr Schicklegruber’s tottering war machine.
XXX
America i.s feeling’ a wood shortage, but about the only way John Doe feel.s it, i.s in the increase in the price of paper goods and the condensation of some of his newspapers. In Germany, however, it is a different case. Many Nazi soldiers are clad entirely in fabrics produced from wood, they are living on wood sugar and proteins, and eat the meat from cattle which have subsisted mainly on wood products. They ride in wood-gas driven trucks, greased with tree stump lubricants and run on tiies processed from wood alcohol. Plywood plane-s and high explosives extracted from wood arc still more reasons why foiest product.-, aie vital in today’s ersatz land beyond the Rhine.
IT SHOULD BE GOOD
Members of the faculty and staff at Ball State are to become tillers of the soil in real earnest this spring when they face the 30 by 100 feet individual garden plots offered by the college. Enthusiasm zoomed so high when the plan was announced that the college is planning to extend the pioject to include an additional area owned by the school. In agreeing to this vital war project, the prospective gardcneis must piomise to keep the g'arden cultivated and fice from weed.s, and must clean up the dead plant stalks in the autumn. —Ball State News.
PUT UP YOUR MITS
The Military Department of Maryland accepted twelve volunteer.s to undergo a four-month training program in judo and closequarter fighting which will prepare them as instructors for the entire ROTC regiment. Since no instructors arc available in this art, the trainee.? will dei’ive their learning from detailed charts and and manuals now in the possession, of the Department, Applicants must possess a “fair” physique and be willing to put in four voluntary hours
a week on the courses. —The Diamondback.
Siuart Wii! Speak For Hoof And Horn Hoof and Iloin, agricultural club, will meet tomorrov.' night at 7:30 111 Agiicultuial Hall Assembly. The meeting is regular monthly meeting of the club. Speaker for the ci'cning will be Allison Stuait. Stuart will .speak to the members on “Building a Pure Bred Live.sLcck Herd.” Other enteitainment has also been ])lannccl. All Hoof and Hoin membeis aie requested to attend the meeting, and a special invitation is extended to Shoit Couise students and all Animal Husbandry students. Refreshments will be served. TyiAr TODAY and TOMORROW
SEVEIN BEAUmS WITH OINLY ONE THOUGHT: Oh, For A Man!" You'll love every kiss, every laugh, ev^ry $ongl
TODAY and TOMORROW Defiant Defenders of America's First Frontier The Gallant 7th Regiment . . . America's Most Heroic Adventure THEY DIED WITH THEIR BOOTS ON
with
ERROL FLYNN as General Custer OLIVIA DEHAViLLAND
fedAMf TODAY and TOMORROW
IT'S A SWEETHEART OF A PICTURE! ntarring KATHEYN GUAYSON VaqHEEUM-MarsbaHyNT W»h CECILIA PABKEB pir— PeggyUOBAN'DIanalEWIS Msr^rt s. z. SAKAiL • A fRAHK BORZAGE PBODUCTIQM
PLUS SECOND HIT THAT lOVABU, tAUOHABlC AT THEm NOWlAfUEST!
iwmcH Editor il.
starring GEORGE PRISCILLA BRENT* UNE WITH BRUCE CABOT ■ LYNNE OVERMAN EUGENE PALLETTE •ji t- f i s'*
Tmsddy^ Mprefi 9, 194S
\ Boilermaleer Spprts
Page 5 .
REMEMBER!! Save March 27 For PURDUE RELAYS
Funclamentals Stressed In Spring Grid Practice Head gridiron mentor, Elmer Burnham, and his rugged crew of assistants, Sammy Vomoff, “Dutch” Fehrmg, Claude Reeck and Emmett Lowery, went into their second week of spring football practice in the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon. Fundamentals of passing and blocking are now being
stressed by the coaches.
Coach Burnham hopes to move the squad of 45 candidates out to the practice field back of
the Fieldhouse in the very near future, but the weather has not permitted this move yet The gridders are cramped m the Fieldhouse, because baseballs hum by them on the east side and cindei aitists cucle aiound
them at fiequent inteivals
New Stuff
Most of the mateiial that has leported foi piactice this spiing is compai'atively new The stais ot last year’s vaisity have eithei giadnated or have been called to the coloia. Coach Buinhaln will condition
this mateiial m piepaiation loi the ® *'**’^*^ event was 9 30 3
Committees And Managers Named As Plans For Purdue Relays Take Form
Riveter Tracksters Seventh In Big Ten Gaineiing a second in the two mile lun and a fifth in the mile ic lay, the Boileimakei tiack squad had to be content with seventh place in the Big Ten tiack meet which was held at Chicago ovei the
week end
Chuck Dueslci became the chief point gettei foi the Riveteis as he followed Dunn ot Illinois acioss the
Riveters Place Fifth In Swimming Meet; Heidke Takes Honors
season next fall, although the plans
The only fuithei addition to the
foi next fall have not been decided
upon at the present time 3’hcie is Coach Heimon Phillips mile lelay a possibility that we may not have ^labbed off fifth place in then college football on the same scale ‘’Pecialty This event was won by
until the wai is ovei Even though 3 22 9
this is true. Coach Buinham uiges
men to come out foi spiing foot some set vice team that is in this ball so that they can keep them- locality selves in condition until they le- Veterans Back ceive their call to the aimed loices Some ot the mainstays ot last Last week end, a meeting was season’s vai-iity who have lopoited hejd in Chicago to deteiniine the foi piactice this spiiiig aie Dick status of college football foi the Baiwcgeii, sensational junioi guaid coming season Aiiny and Navy of- who played a majoi lole in the Boil ficials left it up to the individual eirnakei defensive attack last fall, schpols and expiessed a desiie that Gene Matiewitz, biawny junioi most of the schools should schedule tackle ind end who also ‘-aw a lot moie of the scivicc teams, so that of action in the foiwaid wall In the men in unifoim could have the baekficld, “Huiiyiiig Heniy”
gi^atei amusement facilities Games with teams that aie too fai
away will piobably be leplaced by foimaiice at a halfback post last service team games Fordham on season Chuck Close, fullback and the Boileimakei schedule, foi in tackle, is also a possibility foi a
stance, will piobably be leplaced by backfield position
Stiaiii has again lepoited foi ac tio^ aftei tuining in a stellai pei
JOEL A. PETERSOIV, M. D. Afiflounces the Opening of Offices at 609 Lafayette Life Building Pi actice Limited to Lye, Ear, Nose and Throat
► Relays Receive Big Boost
The Pin duo Relays leeeivecl a veiy substantial boost last night when
it was announced that all fieshman tiaekmen and sei vice men now taking With eight points to then ciedit, liaining in the vaiious univeisities would be eligible foi competition by the Boilermakei swimming squad the 27th As was oiigmally planned these gioups could not paitici- paddled its way to a fifth place tie pate until the outdooi season With this laige addition of manpowei, with Indiana in the iippei division the fiist lunning of the Relays seems destined to become one of the great of the Big Ten swimming meet
est events of its kind in the eountiy—one which will gam national piominesce and become a yeaily tiadition heie at the Univeisity^
► Whitey Ladd To Be Here
Alieady Wliitoy Ladd, the biilliant foimei Michigan Noimal huidlei, has asked to be entcied in the Relays Whitey has beaten Bob Wiight of Ohio State thiee times and at the piesent time holds the woild’s leeoid ioi the 00 yaid low hiiidles Don’t say anything about this yet, but theie IS a possibility that a special match race between Ladd and Wiight
will be lull off at the Relay® Maybe O'Rourek
Keith O’Rouikc, the gieatest high jumpei in Notie Dame histoiy, will be pulling cvci y stung possible in an effort to be here the 27th O’Rouike IS stationed at the Naval Tiainmg School at Ohio Wesleyan Last yeai Keith stunned the tiack woild by soaiing to a height of 6 ft, 9 in dining actual competition Many iiioie trackmen famous the woild ovei aie expected to make appealaiices heie foi the Relays
Plenty Of Freshmen
Fiom the fieshman angle piospects look equally blight Dwight Eddie man, the all aiound Illinois athlete who on an olt day can high jump 6 ft, 4 in , will, if at all possible, compete heie Billy Mooie, the highly publicized foimei Loganspoit High School pole vaultei, should have little tiouble 111 taking top honois heie the 27th Mooie, now einolled at Diakc Univeisity consistently cleais 14 feet and at the Miliose Games last week placed second to Warmeidam ir this event
► Boilermaker Freshmen, Too
This fieshman luliiig, incidentally, doesn’t hint the RivGteis any Blum
and Kilpatiick ha\c been doing all light foi themselves in the high jump, enhanced by the fact that Skinnei both men dealing 6 feet consistently Blum has gone to about 6 ft, will not swim in this meet leaving 3 111 a couple of times Ilaivcy, a dashman, and Eiickson, a half milei, the 200 yaid bieast stioke wide have been looking like leal voteiaiis lately and will get a chance to show open foi any woithy claimant thou stuff at the Relays Coach Papenguth fiiithei aveis that if Heidke does well in the
NCAA meet, he will be sent to the National Aniateui Athletic Association’s paddle meet in New Yoik
City
Juengst To Dive Heidke will be accompanied at the nationals by Johnny Juengst who will be enteied in diving com petition at both boards Heidke also had a hand in the lest of the Boil einiakei scoiing at the Big Ten meet when he, Dunn, and Joe Wil liams'on collaboiated to gam fouith in the Medley Relay Fiom the fiosh standpoint, both fieshman lelay teams qualified foi then distances The 400 yaid lelay team copped thud place honois be hind Noithwestein and Minnesota Knotts, Leech, Hansel, and Womble weie the caiiieis of the Gold and Black loi this distance The medley lelay team composed of Cummings, Rayl and LaBaw, placed tilth behind Ohio State, Noithwestein, Iowa and Minnesota
which was held in Chicago ovei the week-end This accomplishment was a new high foi Rivetei aquatic
teams in meet competition The bulk of the paddleis’ points
weie gaineied by Roy Heidke who gained a second in the 200 yaid bieast stioke and the Medley Relay team which placed fouith behind
Michigan, Ohio State, and Iowa Heidke was the bi ightest stai on
the RiVetei hoiizon when he foi lowed Jim Skinnei acioss the finish inaik 111 his favorite distance, the 200 yaid bieast stioke According to Coach Dick Papenguth, Heidke’s peifoimance in this meet was the best evei tinned in by a Boilei makei swimmei undei such condi-
tions
May Go 1 o NCA V
On the basis of this peifoimance, Papenguth gave Pleidke an excel lent chance of finishing well up in the National Collegiate Athletic Association swimming meet which w ill be held at Ohio State His chances of doing this have been
Intramural Schedules
VOLLEYBALL 3 iiesdav, March 9
7 00 i
Coiut 1—Theta Xi vs Sigma Nn Couit 2—Phi Delta Theta vs
3 beta Tail
Couit 3—Alpha Chi Rho vs
Kappa
Couit 4—Beta Theta Pi vs Kappa Sigma
7 30
Coiut 1—Winiiei of Phi Delta Theta and Theta 3'aii vs Pi Kappa Alpha Coiut 2—VVinnei of Theta Xi and
Phi
Phi
Sigma Nil vs Alpha Gamma Rho Coiut 3—-Winnei of Beta Theta Pi and Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Following IS a schedule of Sigma Delta Psi tests to be given each Mondayr, Wednesday and Fi iday at 4 00, up to and including Wednesday, March 24 It would be a good idea if eveiy fiateinity clipped this schedule and posted it on then bulletin boaid Wednesday, Maich 10—^Running High Jump, Running Bioad Jump Friday, Maich 12—Football Punt, Shot Put Monday, Maich 15—Fiont Hand Spiiiig, Hand Stand Wednesday, Maich 17 — Fence V aiilt. Rope Climb Fiiday March 19—Swimming Mondaj, Maicb 22 — Baseball
Thiow
Wednesday, Maich 24—100 Yaid Dash, 120 Yaid Low Hiiidles Any boy taking Sigma Delta Psi tests on Monday, Wednesday oi Fiiday will lecoive ciedic foi PEM 12 attendance on that day Iiilerlraternitj Participation Points To Date
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO.
6th and Salem Sts.
The smartest idea ever— your nailb made goigeoiis with the highly lustrous colors of fine lacquers Beau tiful beyond description— and lasting beyond all need - they keep their astonishing luster ’til the last Breath taking shades—and with each there comes a bottle of HiLuster Lacquerol b ise
Sigma Alpha Mu
Points 460
Acaci i
456
Delta Chi
-411^3
Sigma Chi
438
Pi Kappa Alpha
135
Alphi Gamma Rho
435
Delta Up-iilon
130
Phi Kappi
430
Pi Kappa Phi
4 30
Sigma Nu
430
DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RI.'K — DCNTISTS — 400 404 Schultx Bldg 4Hi and Mam Sts ^hono 5701
Roynd Table Sponsors Nation-Wide Contest The Athletic Round I'ahle in “Spokane, Washington is sponsoi ipg a nation wide iioll among the sixty million baseball Ians, to leain whethei oi not the fans desiie the continuance oi babeball foi the duiation The above oigani/ation has al leady set up a gioup of piizes in Wai Bonds, totalling alieady moie than 2,000 00 to be awaided to wiiteis of the best lettei PRO oi CON, on the continuance of the dis 1 ontmiiaiico of baseball 3 he Round 3 able aosumeb that the students will be anxious to wiitc in not only in the hope of winning one ol the lilty valuable Wu Bond pii/es but to cxpiess then leelings about the continuance ol the iiitional spoil ot bisehill diiiiim wai time 3 ho poll closes Mai ch 2 >
Lafayette, Ind.
— KEEP PHYSICALLY FIT — TRY DANCING P M ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR BALLET CLASS FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS AND CO-EDS OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 27, 11 00 a m TAP CLASSES OPEN DEGINNCRS Wednesday, March 24 6 15pm ADVANCED, Thursday, Marth 25 6 15 p m Ail Childrens Classes Open Sat, March 27th
ALIEN'S SCHOOL oi DANCING Sixth and Ferry Streets
Preparations foi the forthcoming Purdue Relays are gra,dually gathering steam and yesterday the various committees and managers necessary m the running and planning of the
carnival were announced.
V J Daniels has been appointed as the “relay manager” by Coach PhilhpKS and Bob Chestnutt has been made chairman of the officials committee. The ^ ticket committee is composed First Or Indian of Fred Kinder, chairman, Al -
Menke, Jim Bray and Virginia Lee McDonald The decorations group IS headed by Fred Kindei and seiving on the commit tee aie Bob Livinghouse John Giimm, Elizabeth Baughan, Vn ginia Yeagei, Jean Biackman, Mil died Smith and Betty Hutchins Joe Dawson and Menke aic seiv
Baseball Team Arrives Friday With the advance guard of the Cleveland Indians, consisting of managei Lou Boudieau and the coaches, ailiving m town on Friday
mg on the housing committee, it will not be long before the major whose puipose IS to secuie lodgings leagueis aie tossing the horsehide foi the vaiious paiticipants in the aiound the Fieldhouse In fact the meet Dawson and Kenny Lynch batteiymen aie scheduled to report aie in chaige of the publicity foi heie next Monday, but a large numthe event Hoinei Allen assistant bei of the hitteis who feel that the tiack coach, is to be head staitei extia week of vvoik will do them
‘ Whitie” Ladd To Be Here While it IS still doubtful as to
whethei oi not Coineluis Waimci dam champion pole vaultei will be
some gobd aie also expected to repoit with the pitcheis and the catcheis Since the signing of the ace bat-
pi esent, Phillips has been assiiied l^Gi^iYien, Buddy Rosai and hurler
Jmi Bagbv, Cleveland expects little tiouble in getting the lemainder of the names on the contracts Recent lepoits show that pitcheis Chubby Dean ai d Smith, second baseman Ray Mack outfielder Jeff Heath and catchei Otto Denning aie still
among those unsigned
Indians Without First Baseman Cleveland has been left more oi less in the luicfi Without a first baseman with the withdrawal of Les Fleming and Hal Trosky from baseball Tiosky, who has been out ot baseball foi a season, was expected to letum to the squad this yeai Fleming has decided to remain at his war work mstead of lomping aiound the diamond. In oidei to alleviate the situation, Manager Boudreau is going to tiry the foimei catcher Otto Denning
that “Whitie ’ Ladd will be here lep lesenting the Aimj Ladd is the piesent holdei of the vvoild’s lecoid in the 60-vaid high hiiidles and is now in tiaining with the aimy at the
Univeisity of Chicago
Since the baiiiei is down on al lowing seivice men to compete, several othei toimei stais and champions possibly will be heie One ot these IS O’Rouike, loimeily of Notie Dame, who high jumped 6 feet, 2 inches m his collegiate days
Eligibility Rules
Eligibility in the meet is still a little complicated by the diffeient confeience iiilmgs, especially with legaid to fieshmen Hovvevei, any one who is eligible loi vaisity com petition in his own confeience will be eligible to compete in the Re-
lays As of next‘Satinda,y, fresh- on the initial sack dmmg spnng men at the Big Ten schools will be training This move was made poseligible to take a place on vaisity sible by the acquisition of backstop
tiack squads Piacticallv all of the Big Ten institutions will be able to fortify entry lists with outstanding yeailiiigs The high jump provides a case m point, with Illinois boasting Dwight Eddlemaii and Piudue bank mg on Waltei Blum, both of whom have been dealing 6 feet, I inches with consistency Othei yeai lings ol equal biilliance will undoubtedly make then appeaiance in both in dividual events and on lelav com binations Deadline Far Awav With the deadline loi entiies still well m the fiituie a field of between 25 and 30 schools has alieady been viitually assiued foi competition in the tliullmg relay laces which will featuie the univeisity and college divisions IS well as the individual
events
Entuos fiom the Big Ten will be headed by’’ Michigan’s poweilul squad which won the confeience in dooi championship list week end with a lecoid bieakmg total ot points All of the othci Big Ten schools, with the possible exception of Iowa aic expected to be icpic sented while non-contcicncc iiisti tutioiis iiotablv Notic Daiiii which vvicsted the Butlei Rclavs title liom the Yolveiines list veai will be out in foicc Coisidciabk inteicst has ahe ulv been uousctl m the leciiitlv an nouiKcd ‘ Basel) ill D ish whicli will bi, ipn is 1 spcci il iv^nt F ich of tlic six m 1101 le iguc teams tiiat vv ill tiam 111 T' ih uia this sot in„ h i> bt en invited to select ui cnliv loi the
evt nt
>1' Boilcim kii I lelcihouso v\ r ill piovu' 1 in uti 1 settura toi till ltd IV vvuh i di u V iw ot I'l i vi nts tioi 1 i \ 11V lit v\ ill be u 1 11 >id to t onimodatc <uuo\i niitilv 1 500 spt;.titois Vilvanic iiiiiluithis uc lu vv oimg icicpted loi box SI, its piivnl it bl tn uid b koi sc Lis piiLid at i?! 10 i iih Sliuknt tid Is will Ik old in ul V 11 c it 50 tents each
Buddy Rosai from the New York Yankees A third sackei that the Indians were counting on was the nineteen yeai old Frybeiger who has enteied the armed forces. Andre Directs PIA Bowling Tournament Independent students are getting the chance to show their bowling skill now in the PIA bowling tournament which is held on Thui'sday evening and Saturday afternoon on the Union bowling alleys. This iS the second week ot the tournament which IS under the direction of Gene 4.ndie, a member of Bivouac house The leading team at the present time IS team No 8 The leading team, in actual pins, is Team 6, known as the 3 R’s, vvinnei of last yeai’S tournament They lost their claim toi fiist place last week when a stiong team from Westminstei Co op House, Team 1, nosed them out in the thud game of a three game senes Team standings at the piesent time and next week’s schedules are:
Pms S047 2469 526-1 4891 4771 4997 480J 2171 4588 ,3954
I earn S Team 10 Team 6 Team 1 Team 7 Team 4 3’eam 2 3’eam 9 Team 5 1 earni ! Schedule 3 hursdav 1 vc 7
W 6 5 4 4 3 •> 0 0 0
March 11
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
7 8- 9
2 vs S 10-11 ■ VS 5 XS-13 4 v^ 9 (v> bowls Sat ) 14-16 I Vs U (11 bowls Sat) 14-15
Saturdav, March 13
V) vs M I bowls Thuis ) U Vs i> (t) bowls Thuts ) 10 Vs 1 (next week’s score) llieic has been some difficulty m uuin^mg the schedules, because theie IS an odd number ot teams m the toinnament If any ot the bevirltis desiie additional information, thev aie urged to contact Qefne
Andie, phono 2670.with SUE COX and BETTY MANEY
HOT OFF THE PLATTER!! . . . For all you lovers of Paul Whiteman, the Foster Shop now has one of his latest records. It is a smooth arransiement of "Trav lin Light’ With the vocals by I^ady Day who is really Billie Holiday* Yoti’ll also ^vant to add Vaughn Mon^oe^s new recording to your collection. On one side you’ll find a marvelous arrangement of “Happy-Go-Lucky” with vocals hy Marilyn Duke, bn the other side, ‘'Let’s Get Lost". Vocals this time by Vaughn Monroe and the Four Lee Sisters.
DEAREST BILL!! ...
NOW" is the lime lo write"that man" in the service. Southii'orth's Gift Shop haa a very clever and different assortment, of stationery . . . bright red and green, with white ink, or
jialc jiastel colors with pastel ink!!
S])caking of “thatman" in the scrvic.(>, why not huv a nc^v wooden frame for his ])ictIIre? ? ? Southicnrlh's have a wide selei'tion of frames in natural or slaimulwood. Incidcnlly. the leather folding frames arc perfect lo carry ■yon” in—they are duralih' and lake iip very lil-
“hi.s ” picture of
tie spac('.
f,.;
COLLEGE REOLIREMEMSI! . . , You can’t live without slacks espeidally ivhcn ihcv’rc in fine jilaids. gabardine, stripes or in Hounds Tooth W oo mixture. Loefi’.s- are featuring these in navv, grey and brown. . . « Slacks designed for your nciv \\ ay of living . . . embodying style and construction features found in the highest priced, custom-made men’s trousers ... to give amazingly accurate fit to all figures'. Keen company for your slacks and skirts . . . the neat note for your "dale suit’’ arc tailored shirts. Tak(' our lip gals—visit Loob's Sport Shop
today!
BOOKS OF THE MONTH!! ... In case you haven’t heard, you can gel all the latest best sellers at \hc i nivorsity Book Store ^vho arc agents for the Book-of-thc-Month Chib. W e were doing a litWe figuring and discovered that you can get nearly S21 worth of Ijooks for only .S6, and we don t see how \OL can afford to pass uji a bargain like that. Some of the. books being offered now include: “Guadalcanal Diary’" by Richard Tregaskie, “Let the People Know’" bv Nomian Angell, and “Victory Through Air Powei ’" by Ma jor Alexamier P. de Seversky. W c think if would be a good idea for those of you who like to read to go o\’cr to the Gniversity Book Store and do a little invcstifratin<i.
“Fiowei’s Build Morale—Morale ■Wins Wars,” .will bo the slogan and theme of the sixteenth annual floi:--ists’ conference which will he held here tomori'ow in the Horticulture building'. Meetings will be in session in room from 9:00 a. m. to 3:30 p.m. Wholesalers, retailers and flower. gro^yers attending the conference w'ill discuss strictly business Subjects .such as ways and means of impi'ovin.g the yields, quality, and salability of floral products. The sessions will open with a roundtable discussion on greenhouse management. Members of the University staff will lead the discussion on vegetable crops, insects, disease and. heating while E. C. Grande of Indianapolis W'ill lead the discussion oil w’atering. The rest of the program for the moi'iiing W’ill consist of a discussion of labor and marketing problems led by John Leman and Fi'ancis Bauer. At 12:30 p. m. a luncheon W'ill . be served in the cafeteria of the Union Bujlding, Jacob Eitel of (.Ireencastle is chairman of the afternoon sessions. Erom 2:00 to 3:30.p. ni. the discussions will deal with the problems of .governmerit regidations and 'ftowg'i' .store management. Harold Hewey, representing the Florists Telegraph Delivery Association, will bring the conference to a close w’ith a talk on the .genei-al pi'oblems of flower . management. Personnel Motes Companies scheduled to visit the campus; Fairbanks, Mor.sc & Company. Beloit, Wis.— Mai'ch 12. Interestcfl in ME.
Classified Ads
Scahliard and Blade Pledges: To.st night Wcdnibsday March 10 at 7 :li0 in room .‘•102 of th«‘ Union. Black marks' will hi* )irofust'ly (li.stri!)ut(‘(i il’ vou arc a'hscnl. - HKCK.ARD
Typewrilers: Adding machines, all makes told, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebcr.shofT. OOo Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money lo Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typowritei-s. Albert’s Loan
Office, 407 Columbia. .
, Lost—Gruen Avri.st watch in Union. February 25 about 12 p. m. Reward. Phone
7016. "W*. Herlitz.
■Need Room and Board?—Try interracial oooperativii living at the International
House, 1 University St. . . Lost—Small Air Corps silver wings.
sic H-all or W. Se-coiul Street. Thur.'^day.
Phone 2153. .
i.fOst—Anu'riean Society, Civil Knginoer.s pin. C. K. Vogolgesang engraved on back. Return to Prof. Petty. Reward. Wanted—Young man to work in the afternoon. Sc-o Mr. Stock at
MT-7: 'Pho.se Advance Cour.se Rp'l’C students who wish to v-nli.st in the: Knlisleil Ri.-pervf* Corps by 'rue.sday. March lb. by volunle<ring for induction must compb'te their itaper.s at 'I'ipiii^ca iioe ('uuntv J.k)anl No. 2. Post Oirici* Builiiing. I.afayette. by 3 t>^ m. today. ROBINSON Code and Radio In.struction : C.’hisse.s in IR'giniiers. St'coiulai-v (6-12 W. P. M.i ;infl Advanced (12 W. P. IM. ;ind ..vir» ,(‘ode Instruction are .being organized. Section:- • will meet two i2i. Ituurs ]):*)• W'-ek.. Mon.-i''ri.. at 4 :iml'.■» p. m. lx ginning'.Monday, March lo. Sign up in the Suitpl'y Room in the Armory prior to 1 p. m. March 15. Non•Militarv .^tuder.t.-^ are widcfimt .
- HlLSTFRBKItO •
Debris .Sophomore Worb'crs: Report A)!' wt»rk on the complete dummy Tiie.->day. March !), plenty uf work for -everylKKiy. Complete dummy is here. lU. pori for work today, ,th<*re*s f lenty ift <}o. VVKSKK Fraterhily and Sorority Presidents:, ik*’ sun- to g-.-l. ytHir 'cimfracts'and . nioni j'. in lo the Debris busiiuss olVic.' I;\ March J-'i at th.* lale.<t. ■' BAU.VIKR
Tlu’se companies do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are irilei'csted in students foi- emjiloy-
ment:
Hooker Electrochemical Co., Niagara Falls, N. Y.—Interesteit in Api'il- o)- Augti.st (JiE, Science (C'hcm. niajoi'). Sign in Personnel Ofllce by Saturday, March 13. Sun Oil Go., Toledo. Oliio—Intel'ested in ,A.]n'il or Augu.st ChE, Chemists. Sign, in Personnel Ofliee by Saturday, March 1:;. Jillen B. Wrisley Company, Chicago, 111.—Interested in analytical chemists (male and female). The Cooper-Bessemer Corporation. Jit. Vei'iion, Oliio—Interested in ME. .Sign in Personnel Oflioe Iiy Saiurday, .March i:!. Placement Notes For Women Pei’sonnel (iirector and tearoom ,mana.ger of Carson, Pii’ic Scott & Co. of Chicago will bo. here this Thui'.sday and Fiiday. Call Placement Service foi; Women to make interview. ■
From '.March 27 to AiJt'il 3 the Univei'sity Camera Club will hold its regular sprin.g exhibit which is open to all students and staff members of the University. The entrants will be classified in divisions as follows: amateur student division, ad-, vanced amateur student division. University staff division. There will be a first pi'ize of .jib.00 and a second prize of 1^3.00 in each of the' vai'ious divisions. No Entry Fee For Club Members No entry fee is required for members of the University Camera Club but students who are not club member.s must pay an entry fee of 25c and staff members who do not belong to the club must pay 60c. Any number of prints may be submitted without additional charge, however all prints are due at the Student Union office not later than 5 p. m. Monday, March 22. The pictures will be exhibited in tlie Music Room of the Union from the 27th of March to April 3. For further information concerning the rules and regulations inquire at the Student-Union office or call .5071. M Radio Program Wili Featyre ,PE 12 .Disciissson PEM 12 will be the subject of discus.sioii on The Student Speaks pi'ogi'am sponsored by TKA and which may be heal'd on WBAA Thursday evening at 7:30 p. m. The tu'ograni will consist of a pro and con (lisciis.sion on PE 12, with ‘‘Chief” Clevctt as a pos.sible guest. The subject of discus.sion.s thus far have incluiled many student pi'oblcnis such as: War and JlarI'iage, Rationing and the Student, and Wlial Do Students Think (it
Teachers ?
All students,- especially tho;(e with grievances, are ur.ged l.o listen to the irro.grani this. .I'hursila.y, which will he a half iiour long. ExpoiieTit' Bcisrd Meeting Tuesday, 1 j). ni.,'ini', Oop.forence room of the .Vgricultural Experiment Sfaliou. This includes all junior and senior elected members of the editorial, sports, and hu;siness staffs.
—BETZ
B. N. Clarke of the Debris editorial office announced today that those who wish their senior picture . to appeal' in the Debris mu.st have an activity chart filled out by 5:30 this e'vening. Anyone "who failed to fill out an activity chart at the time his senior picture was taken, or anyone who has had his picture taken in Indianapolis since then, should report to the Debris Work- , .shop between 4 and 5:30 p. m. this afteraocn to fill out chart. Students who have already filled out an activity chart, but since that time have more activities to add or to change are asked to enter a new chart. . All Students Many students have changed their residence since the beginning of the term but have never notified any of the administrative offices on the campus of their new addre.sses. Hardly a day passes without telegrams, letters, and . messages coming for some of these students and it is next to impossible to locate them. I am, therefore, appealing to all students who have changed their address since the beginning of the current term to notify this office at once of their present address and telephone number. Fred J. Goldsmith Sigma Alpha Mu . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Howard -Aronson, Chicago-, 111.; Sidney Blitz, Toledo, Ohio; Lsadorc Fogel, Huntington; Stanley Herman, Indianapolis; Theodore Kline, Indianapoli.s; James Jacobs, Buffalo, N. Y.; Invin Levy, Houston, Texa.s; Ephraim Litterman, New York City, N.. Y.; Robin Padorr, Chicago, III.; Richard Prcskill, Chicago, II!.; Donald Roth, Loui.svilic, Ey.; Floyd Rubiji, Chicago, 111.; Jay Sliulan,'Aki'on,' Ohio; Paul S'mith.son. ■ Chicago. 111.; Oscar Smukler, Buff;;!.', N. Y. Chrisl'iaBi Fosuodat'ioni - . . . will siionsor it.s annual .spijing. dr.nce .Friday evening at 8:30 in the East Faculty Lounge. J'he dance will . 'follow a Si. Patrick's themC;, . ;'.ik! all ;irc i'Ofiue.sled to wear something green. Tidiets arc. 1.5c, and may h<‘ secured fi'om Boh Nash, l!nl;r .Sniitlr. Dick Smith, Alice Fox, or Margie Ilei'd.
II >'
*•. -m >1 .c
( if
L r,
Nd—-I’m just fiddling around—with a shortage of so many things now, I’m bound to stumble on something useful.’’
University Calendar
Tuesday, March 9
. T
4:00 P.M. 6:30 P.M. 7:15 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. - 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
9:00 A.M. I 2 :()0 Noon 1:30 P.M, 7:30 I’.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:31) P.M.'
PIA Tea Dance Rural 'War Pi'oduction Group Inter-national Relations Club Undergraduate Dames Cliih Alpha Phi Omega Meeting......... Flying Club Meeting Christian Science Organization. Daii'v Club Meeting
...So. Ballroom, Union ..Assembly Rm.,oAg Hall ..Room 263, Union ..Room 303, Union ..Room 307, Union .. Room 212, Union ..Room 232, Union .. Roojn 108, Smith Hall
Wednesday, March 10
Florist.s’ Conference Spanish Class I'loi’ist Conrerci’.eo luincheon..:.. Girl Scout Leaders.,.. Soci.'il Science Seminar Inter-Vai sity Ciiris. Fellowship., ivlari'iage Course
...Room 212, Union ...E. Reept. Room, Union . .Room 303, Union ...Room 263, Union . . Room 307, Union ...IV, Faculty Lge., Union:
Play.shop, “Ar.'-enic and Old Lace”..Eliza .Fowler Hall
-NOTICE-
We pay Ic each for a!! hangers in good usuabie condifion if brought to our office. WEST S5-DE CLEANERS
Roberl.'io.n’s Lecture: 'Ihis nuTlinK to lx* held Thiii'r-day frotii 7 lo p. m, in the'East KcCi'iilioii Room, will-iu'' on '‘(T'cat Inventors I Ilav.' .VK-t.” : (iRAVKS
Notices
_ Ail Women Sludent.s-: The St. Loiii.s Girl ,Scout Couneil' i:-. in need uf girls to work in tlieir camp thi; summer. Jobs available are 'unit leader, assistant unit leader and water front, dinetoi'. Any one interc-sted .should a-lcphone or come in to the Placement Si-rv-ice for Women in-,mediate ly - 'h'ELDT Dolphin Club; K.yruhir tneetine next Tue.sday, Mareh g at 7 :1le rn. ii; room lO-t-of the j-iehlhou.se.' l-,\'er\'une .-l-naihi be resent for formal jdedaine.. ' .S.’-.ilTH AH-Advane-eii .Military Simlcnts; i’Gld.M HlT.oKej- ha' itee'n- ]*o.tj',on..(i t'l M.-ii-ch 11. -CaiJt. l-'red. Ordnam-,' la'parimem. will sja-ah on tPl-te, r'.- ('andid,-ti. - Sf'-h'i'jfj'! ;it 1’0-MM Smoke)', room .'J.7.7 U),’i)/)i.brii](lina Thursduy. -March 11, T::;() Thi.s meeU intt shouhi Ire of to-inii, inixtortance to all Advanced Mililai-y ,Sliid,.jit.-'. .'Plan to allernl. Uniforms i;eed nni wr,rn - PHIUl.lPS
Triton : 'I'l (.‘K cLions.
.Mai'ch Ini))o!'(ai VVATKIUUJKV
Camera Cluh : Sprinp; i xliihit .will 1V.> In Id larch 27- lo .Aiiril ’d. Entries mu.-t he iii iitd in al. the Wisi Dr.^k of llic* Union ot I'aCcr tha'ri -Monday. .March 22. '.Moiint■u'.' iMiar.L, dry nvoiii'.tinL’' ti.^.sUf and laihs rr 'availal..-: .a( tin- \Vo:n • . S'rOfdKM.A'X
•S.-Vk::
Ina
vi!l In-
Glider ( luh: Th* itiH Tuc.-day. .Mart..
inU'.ri'htvd in hicominu did'.
i;
bor.s
viU'<
fl-
-- SALISBURY
Military Studont.s,: A yroup of iw,, ri-.-Iv on the Armored Force will }><• shown in iho EE Ijuiidiru-i, r<yorn F2h, on W'-dro-.-tlav i-v.-nim; at -i J). m. All rniliiarv ■^liidont'-: arc invited li; allcnd. So:Mon wiil la.*.t ahonl one hour. .MAlEIi Delta Rho Kappa: Important on Thursday, >Majch ]1. ;n j,. j,j Liiion. E]('Ction.s of jd-'d*’-'-. .'Rooin will bf an'-' jiounced Jaltr. . Bf>.s.MA
Purdue Enifinecr: All stall VXHcetvd to meet in ilu- oifici. of Monday and -'iii-',-:day. Ma: lx‘t\vt'cn t.ht hours oi’ -J ajnl
> mill
SKINNER KiUomiiJu'.'y Cluh: ..kl.-,; i ic:- on '!‘!mr.-iii-i\-. .March'll. m ; piii -ni. in mimi KiTof Aw. li.-ti:. Mr. I.' liki-’r v.;!i ,Ml .'vV color,-<i slid,-’--. ■ fR-klNNKU .'I'KA: .M.i'tiny: lor ;.|| tn.mbrr- 'nn Friday. .March 12. al 12 i:o,.n in -ihe Union Cai'otoria. - DELONG -Alpha Lamlxla Delta: Rlrdpin^ will bo hold at 1 a’ln .Fridjiy, .March !2.
AWS Executive* Board: Moiilim Tin sday ■Mandi la ai ; ;i:. in the AWS idVico. (.'OUN'I'II WAITE Flying- Club :• iVb ct iriy; '(’in-day. Man-h h at . :2i) it) room 212 of i)io Union. IlIop li'in.', will I). in Id for 'I'r.-a mror. SCEEZi: . All University' t oed.s: ]f you wmjj.d liki t" mlnr fur i lay.-hoid.-. n-.Nl ))rodiic( ion iiir and Old l.ac,.". nka.. call 12tk a.^ soon a;, i.o--ild-'. . DELONG Scaldiard p.nd Blade; Tlds is Briliory it* i’*'- --hfin n’s t:;t rUf ro;., linw Tinsdav nitd.t
MT 7: Bo'rihniny,- .March 1. RLi;?. those having' Cori).‘ Day on 'bhursday .and rut class' at ,11 'I’ucsday will, r-.’pori to room B-1 in the Armory at 11 a. ni. Tuesilay for vaccination.- 'I’hose who havi; cla.'^s al II Tue.sday will fall out after roll call on Tiiurstlay Conys, Day for vaccination. Those haviiiK Ctjrp.s Uay on 'ruc.sriay will he vaccinatod .at 1 J, Tliur.sday. nnies.s they liavo :i cla.ss at tliat hour, in wiiich case tliey will fail out after roll calk on their Corps Day. This proccilure. wilb cnntimu' until three;, innt.ciilal itui;: liav In-eii adinihistcin^d. R.fORDAN Morta-r. Boartl: Ilin'nr mcotinji tomori'ow •niyilt ;’t 6 in Clnwtniit Boom. . LAUIcR.
• •F.ANDEI.’S I’urdue (‘liri.stinn r.'u;ndal Ibn Alenihcrs: The Sprin:'.' Imnc-' will li • liohl I'riditv. March 12. p. m. in ihe ICi.-; l-’actdtv Loune.e. (b-i you* ii'-k'i; from N.ish. B. Smiih. D. Smitli.' hkor !b rd. ilE'lG;
pl.‘
Vi Tau Sijrma: All nmnu 1 I'ov, liny ile-M. E. iMcul! P in I'i 'I'.'i'i r-Diin .-i'nd 'h,-' ai . ni.. Wednesday. .Maivh ML
HAGEN MAI El
.-■t-'.M .
New under-arm Cream Deodorairit safely Stops PerspircsfloBi If/,
WIMliliELJ. ''■linp’ 'fue'-da^
AFME:
yhi
SCA Board: Itnjxn tatu March 0. at 7:2,6 ,n.
and open house <li.4cu:,sed. lb' vour housH is repreuenttd. .^NT^JN.Ar'(‘i^J
Thur.-<l:.v.. f tlie Unioi
ch 11. at. 7 :••!() Hi'iCKAUD
('. Alcreiliih;. Ibiard
Alpha J,unihdu Delta: J' mi.‘mhi.T.-; wili h.- h,d<j Frii at U in the (.T-ion.
Vlarc). U UIGGS
^Scabbard and • Itladi- Hall < ummillccHcttular at i; i-l.-, Tu,-,l;,v .M,,,-,.), in room ZSG. I'l. asi- b.- j.i-omi.t i.ij.l ),-n ,! a)jfii|{nmofitii compl.-i. .1, K.Al'KPT i^cabbard and Hladc: Spu-ial ini.iin.. Tuoad-ay night in m 7 ::;ii 1 Duritc' bilk will be disti-ihui.-b ioi.i li,,,,] ' KiKIlmclil-s will III- n,a,i.' I'.,,- inloj-,,,.,) j, oj,'," , tion. All im-rnbi-i'h will l„: i..l„ ' ,. ProKent or not, so com. ami 3,-I you)- i.m-I. Slab moctiriKs will .-.tan if (h.it. .not b(!tu-r. Hl-.i'K'A jil) ‘"‘<1 ■ncctiii.! al th,Chi O hou-sc I ucalay. Maich li, al :l.7, hauh'dalk AgrlfuHuriui ; 'I'bor.- will he a ,,r tlm firoulation alall' .Wc-dm-K.lay, fdbrch la at 4 p, in. i^voi-yunc lie tln-rt., - WAJlD
.S' .V S.icial Cha:.-! IH.-.- Tu.o.lay ;l 7 ml h J‘l'ini|jl. lia!
he ,h,.|YO'UXG
) :l
h ri .shniiiii and .S.i|)iiimi.irc Dchris IMioIokiiDhcr,-.; Co,no 10 W.dii,.-,lav al
.'I'lKJli.N'K
Glider rlub: An- ,iu-. will h-. Ii-'I'I Tm-: day, .Mai-cli .-ii, 7 |i, ,11. Ack *'.((' In-.'l; -in Un- Uiiioa r..)' iji.., mm line com riumli-.-. A11 : I ml'..). I.s and cnih !t;i. 1 ...i i-i hiiihlitie and lU'inn .i.li.'i-,- ar. 'w.-lci.m.- i,, attonil. l-lAl.ISilUlCl' V-1 ('andidalt-K: .All V-l camlitlal. a who' ‘lit. li-n- y.'ilh Ihe ri-i.ijo cl..ai-/n'-,' ihi-oiifli my oiia-i- iiiuM to Iho roiif. i-ciic,. Hoorn m l-.Ki-cali;.- lliiildini' W.-dm-alav. ■Mai'i-h 11), h. iw... II jn „„„„ I nib ami .7 j., m. 1,, limil ,.|, Ii',i m.in, l>ap.-i-K., KNAl’P
1. Dqe.s not rot dresse;; 01' men’s sliirts. Doc.s not irriuite .skin. 2. No waiting 10 dry. Can be u.scl right after sliavini-:. 3. ' Instantly stojis perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor. 4. A pure, white, greasele.s.s, stainless vanisliin.i; cream,. 5. Awartleil Approval Sea] of Americ.in Insiitifteof I.aunderi'ng for hein.g liannlcss ro ■' fabric.
All OVER THE WORLD Americes’s 900,000 ,«v8€afion workers combine their skill and experience to satisfy today’s demand for vital 'vvor necessities. Thanks to our airplane makers, ground crews and pilots like Capt. Haakon Gulbransen (shown here), of Pan American Airways, needed supplies are flown to our fighting men all oyer the world.
A«...
All
fm
-s/io(, „„ TAsTs: Miovv.i/jc,,. p/cfures o , na,- rig,,,. h even ,■ or s/o/„: smoker,. ^ heo, • make-,, c
h .
Cojiyii^lu LiGGi.'rr ii: MYLiii 'rouACLO Co.