Riveter Followers View First Ot)en Grid Practice Between' four and five hundred Boilermaker gridiron fans, among them President E. C. Elliott and other members of the faculty, turned out to ^ the practice field back of the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon to watch Coach Mai Elward’s burly football aces Ibeing groomed for the initial Vanderbilt clash on Sept. 27.
Volume 53, No, 8
West Lafay^ette, Indiana
Tuesday, September 16, 1941
It was the first time in many years that followers of the Gold and Black were permitted to witness an open practice session, which, designed to stimulate student interest, are to be held every Monday afternoon. Bleachers will be erected before next week’s session. I Fans See Fast Plays Spectators saw a good preview of the new brand of ball playing that the Riveters have adapted when mentor Elward sent the pigskin carriers flashing through a ^ maze of new plays, much faster and more deceptive than the old style of ball that was seen in Ross-Ade Stadium last year. Coach Elward has worked all of the men in scrimmage up to date and says that all are in top condi-
tion.
Pete Timperman, veteran right tackle, and Bruce Warren, junior left tackle, carried the ball in impressive gains as the newly developed play set the reserve defense back on its heels. Those spectators who were fortunate enough to have stayed late saw even more thrills when the Gold and Black varsity-men took to the air in a passing exhibition that gained even more ground than did the spectacular running plays. Different back-field combinations displayed plenty of zip and power and fans had a hard time judging just what combination Elward would send in against Vanderbilt, Frosh Meet Regulars Saturday During the razzle-dazzle over behind the Fieldhouse, frosh-coach Elmer Burnham was picking a team from the mass of yearling grid aspiiants to face the vaisity eleven on Saturday afternoon. At that time a first-string squad will undoubtedly form. Following the afternoon workout, the entire varsity squad and coaching staff were the guests of the Lafayette Chamber of Commeice at the Lafayette Country Club, d.e.b.
Activity Call-Outs Seniors |AWS Inaugurates
Collegienne Chdts
Exponent
All , sophomores interested in working on the Exponent are invited to attend a meeting at 4 this afternoon in tbe Exponent’s offices in the Union. Positions are o'pen on the editorial and business staffs for both men and women. Previous experience in either business or journalistic work is not
necessary.
WBAA
WBAA, the University radio sta-
tion, announces that auditions for radio announcers and actors will be held in the main studio under the Music Hall tomorrow at 4 o’clock.
Actual tests will be made, com-
plete with “hfiikes” and script. Contestants will be given what is called a “basic audition.” They will be judged on tone quality, pitch, enunciation, and acting ability. The only stipulation made is that the candi-
date have a 3.5 index, w.a.c.
Fraternity Affairs Fraternity Affairs Office, administrative branch of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, has issued a call-out for sophomore workers. The meeting will be held in the Union, room 304, at 4:15 to-
day.
AR fraternity men, pledges or actives, are eligible for a position. At the meeting today workers will be assigned to junior officers who head four committees. The committees and their heads are: Wilcox, scholarship; Gardner, rush; Pfenninger, publicity; Miller, special events. Debris
Lieut. Col. Wharton, of the United States Cavalry, and Lieut. CoL William E. Corkill, of the Field Artillery, directors of army recruiting in Indiana, will discuss military service with interested University seniors this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineer-
ing building.
Preceding the discussion with the seniors, the two army otficers will meet W. E. Vogler, director of personnel, in conference. The officers also will confer with President E. C. Elliott, Col. Donald M. Beere, head of the University Reserve Qfficers Training Corps and G. S. Meikle, director of research relations with industry
during the afternoon.
Second Name-hand
Debris business staff is issuing a call-out for sophomore salesmen to meet in the Debris business staff office this afternoon at 4.
The duties of sophomore sales- T men will be to tour fraternities and ^ * tycf lU# C
other houses on the campus. Prizes are being offered for the sales dur-
ing the year.
AWS
Engineer
Sophomore women desiring to become associated with the AWS on the activities or the office committee are requested to attend a meeting Thursday at 4 in the AWS of-
fice.
Harriet Simons, activities committee chaiiman, and Kay Mageau, office committee chaiiman, will explain functions of their respective committees. Becky Pervine will be in charge of the meeting, and Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS, will enumerate opportunities to be'garnered from work in the organiza-
tion.
Sophomores inteiested in working on the Purdue Engineer are requested to attend a meeting tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the Engineer’s office in the Union, room 380. Positions are open on both the editorial and business staffs. No prerequisites as iar as journalism is concerned are required. Applicants must be engineers; coeds are welcome to try out. ^
Byrne Friday Night Bobby Byrne and' his orchestra will provide the music for the second mixer in the newly inaugurated series of “Name-band” Union mixers next Fi'iday night at 9 o’clock. ' Over 660 (iouples attended the initial “Name-band” mixer last Friday night and danced to the music of Del Courtney, A 15 minute radio transcription made at the mixer was presented over WBAA yester-
day noon.
Byrne will play here as a stop-off engagement on the way to open his booking at the Hotel Sherman
in Chicago.
Freshman Managers Activity Bureau
Needed On Grid Team
Parks Crusades To Take 'Curse' Off Painting By Propaganda
According to an announcement released yesterday by Campbell and Maierhofei, senioi football manageis, tryouts for freshman grid manager positions will be held today at 4 o’clock at the practice field behind the field house. The number of :^rosh desired is unlimited for their first season. At the end of spiing practice eight of these men will be appointed as sophomore managers. From those eligible, two will be commissioned to carry on as junior and senior executives. Those who stick it out during the first year andreceive the second year jobs will be awarded their numerals. All those who are in the least interested report promptly at four with their schedule cards, r.u.s. Ward Managers There are several districts which are not represented as yet. Gold medals are awarded at the end of the year. Anyone interested apply in room 111 of the Fieldhouse.
Activities Bureau call-out for sophomore workers will be held at 4:16 today in the bureau’s office in the Union. Lois Thompson is chairman of the interviewing committee, which will conduct an interviewing school for sophomores today and tomorrow at 4:16 o’clock. Those who attend this school will interview freshmen living in Cary Hall and fraternities during the next four weeks. The purpose of the Activities Bureau is to act as a service and coordinating unit among all extra-curricular activities and the University. Purdue University offers 114 ex-tra-curricular activities, ranging from dramatics to fancy military
drill.
Beta Sigma Psi . . , social fraternity announces the pledging of the following: Richard Kasting, Indianapolis; Robert Munzen. Ft. Lewis, Wash.; Richard Buckholz, Ft. Wayne; Irwin Luke, Dillsboro; Rahe Speckman, Aurora; William Geulzo, La Porte; John Jackabovie, Whiting; Prank Vegh, Hinsdale, 111,
By Bill Hoskins There is a crusader on campus, who, in his own words, is trying to “take the curse off painting.” Bob Parks, from his Puttering Shop dungeon in the Union basement, has been issuing propaganda in the form of posters and news articles, subtly challenging students to see what this art business is all about. Art For Everyone Painting, sculptor ing, literature, music are meant for everybody, says Parks, not just for the longhaired exponents of “cultchah,” and the women’s clubs. He wants the students to know and appreciate the “art for ordinary folks” for which he is campaigning—and he wants to take the curse off art that has been put on it by ignorance of its simplicity. The Student Art Guild will hold its first meeting Thursday in room 84 of the Union, during which the Guild will elect officers, appoint committees, and organize the plans to make their “art for ordinary folks” plea heard the campus over. New Radio Program The Guild wants everybody to be interested in art—even those who can’t tell the difference be-
tween one of Rivera’s surrealistic nightmares and Rembrandt’s masterpieces. So—it is determinedly crusading to make itself heard with a new weekly radio program over WBAA explaining machine-made art, cartooning, and different kinds of work that go to make up the pictures we see every day in magazines and newspapers. Inquiring reporters, open forums, dramatizations, are scheduled for appearance on the broadcast during the year to make students realize that this art business is neither above their heads nor beneath their dignity. Art Theme Stressed The theme of “Art for oi dinary folks” will be carried out through the entire year with the “Little Movie Convos,” the new radio program, and the Union Art Exhibits. The latter will appeal to everyone with such subjects as “Walt Disney,” “TVA Architecture and Design,” “Sporting Prints,” “Machine Art,” and many others. Another project to be presented is “How To Appreciate The Arts,” -a Carnegie foundation exhibit and short course, given wRlr the cooperation of the applied design department and the puttering shops.
Unfier the sponsorship of the orientation coinmittee of AWS an orientation course, “Collegienne Chats,” will be offered this year to all freshman and transfer coeds. The first meeting will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the auditorium of the Home Economics building. Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, will discuss “Current
Freshman Confusion.”
———— The course „will consist of six
weekly meetings and will continue until November 1st with no meetings being held during rush. At each of the meetings some phase of freshman campus life will be dis-
cussed.
Topics to be covered by the course include appropriate campus clothes, sorority rush, campus activities and campus etiquette. According to Mary Ellen Scarff, chairman of the AWS orientation committee, the course is being offered to all new coeds to enable them to get a better start on their college careers. The course is entirely new and this is the first time that anything of this type has been
offered.
Attendance at the meetings will not be compulsory, but all freshman and transfer coeds are strongly urged to attend, r.h.r. Air Corps To Accept WOO University Men For Non-Pilot Course Juniors and seniors who would like to enlist in the air service, but have been prohibited from doing so because of deficient eyesight, are now offered the opportunity according to word received yesterday by the military department. One thousand appointments for non-pilot training in the air corps are available to men who have poor eye-sight but are otherwise physi-
cally fit.
Applications for this training as aerial navigators may be made at the armory or the recruiting office in Lafayette if the applicant has the necessary educational requirements. He must either be a graduate of an accredited college or university which offers degrees in engineeiing; or a giaduate of a college with credit in mathematics, including plane geometry, college algebra, and trigonometry; or a student who has completed two years of college work including the mathematics listed in the foregoing classification. k.a.k.
Slide Rule Insfrudion
/
To Begin Wednesday
Instruction in slide rule use will again this year be given to all interested students in classes starting tomorrow afternoon. Prof. J. N. Arnold of the General engineering department will conduct the classes in room 101 of the Golden Shops. Classes will begin at 4 p.m.; those attending should bring a slide rule to follow the instruction. Simple multiplication and division will be covered on Wednesday, September 17, and Monday, September
22.
Combined multiplication and division will be given on September 24 and 29; squares, cubes, square roots, and cube roots will follow on October 1 and 6. Use of trig scales and logarithms on October 8 and 13, and raising numbers to fractional exponents on October 15 and 20 will conclude the instruction. j.h.w. Scrivener Will Start New Sales Campaign Srivener Club, University literary club, held an organization meeting last night in order to start an extensive sales campaign rolling. Two committees were appointed to head this campaign: the radio publicity committee and the sales committee. The function of the radio committee will be to arrange for a weekly radio program that will use script written by the University students. Poems, stories, and short skits will be presented. A picnic will be given for members of the Scrivener Club, in the picnic grove west of the stadium Sunday at 4:30 o’clock. The group will meet at the field house before going en masse to the “dog” roast. w.a.c.
Tau Kappa Alpha Freshman Foundation
To Hold Meeting Tonight
Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensic honarary, will hold its annual steak fry this Thursday at Potter’s Wood. The group will leave the Union at 4:16 o’clock instead of 6 o’clock, as previously an-
nounced.
The dinner will bo attended by ed and co-ed debaters as well as debate managers. Transportation to and from the picnic will be fur-
nished.
Stewart Announces University Choir Membership For 1941-42
As a result of the University Dorothy Ilouskeeper, Jane Justice,
choir competitive tryouts, 262 stu- Mildied Jones,
dents have been selected for mem- Gladys Knauff, Betty Kitchin, bership in the organization, ac- Catherine Leuty, Anna Lantz, Ruth cording to an announcement from T,umpkin, Helen. Lumpkin , Ann
A1 Stewart, Univeisity Musial Di- Lai rimer.
rector. The annual Christmas and Jeanette LaGiangc, Helen Miers, Easter programs are the ^nncipal gg^ty Marriott, Amy performances the choir will pre- ]yi;0yei's, Marthaeunice McHaft’ie, sent during the.coming year. Margaret Meehan, Mary McGaugThe following new choir mem- hey, Isabelle McCalley, Marjorie
be;s must report to the musical organization office in the Hall of Mu SIC this afternoon at 4 o’clock:
Mitchell, Doiothy Murphy, Wanda Neadstin, Sara Orr, Wilma Palniei. Ann Pierce, Geraldine Pugh, Maryalys Page, Dorothy Platt, Janet Place, Betty Ray, Caroline Rich-
1 . , T> aidsoii, Lucile Siegler, Doris
blight, Janice Abrahamson, Rose- „ i « • oi.- , „ 1 TO 1 T ■ Speake, Annie Stinson, mary Anderson, Carol Bals, Jeanne aik..i„
Busenbark, Dorih Besevick, Helen Blown, Theresa Busby, Esther Conelley, Jeanne Crane, Betty Cross.
SOPRANOS
Gertrude Arnold, M. Evelyn Al-
Marion See, Alberta Schmadel,
Patricia Seegci, Lois Turner, Elizabeth Trachsel, Juanita Thompson,
^ 1 T-v • Virginia Ulrey.
Alice Clark, Margaret Cole, Dons Beulah Van Camp, Prances
Compton, Betty Carlson, Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Ruth Vaugha, Betty Diischel, Mary P. Doty, Janet Dix- Wedge, Marjoiie Williamson, Geron, Carolyn Eng4ish. /rude Wlos, Doioth^’^illiairrson,
Gloria Pox, Betty Pinch, Doris Vngmia Yeager. ^ \ Freedman, Mary E. Fox, Geraldine ALTOS
Garner, Eva Gohman, Elaine Ilor- Doiothy Arvidson, Mary Jane ton, Jacqueline Iley, Barbam Heide, Anderson, Joan Earner, Anne Brad-
ley, Eugenia Basham, Rosemary mond B. Cooper, James L. Cullen, Boyd, Mary Ruth Barnhart. Dick Crane. Louise Blalock, Patiicia Chumlea, Armand Cenci, Forest Deal, RobAlice Coe, Lois Caldwell, Lois Cox, ert Eastman, Ray Friend, William Marjorie Coffin, Ruth Custer, Mary Guernsey, Curt Garber, Frank Crane, Carolyn Dunn, Mary Dahl, Hopf. Dolores Pellner, Lucile Pudge. Alfred Hubert, George Hopkins, Betty Godsey, Bette Gustafson, Vincent Irving, Thomas Jundanian, Nancy Good, Rosalind Goff, Louise Richard Kelley, George Kruder, Goldenberg, Narcissa Hocker, Bar- Kenneth Lynch, Jack Lowe, bara Heath, Mollie Harding, Pa- Williarrr Morgan, John G. Mingle, tricia Huber, May Holland, Shirley James H. Marshall, John L. Marks, Johnson, Kathleen Keys, Carolyn Prank N. Onco, Jairres Pitts, ChesKlewin, Winfred Kreipke. 'ter Riegle, Benjamin Roodhouse, Jeanne Miller, Doris Muth, June Marvin Smith, Sidney Smith, John McGill, Jane Moreland, Virginia P. Weir, Fred E. Wolf, Glenn WhetMcCarty, Marilyn O’Haia, Mildrech’* zell, William Weinbach. Owens, Marjorie Pabst, Marge Pat- BASS rick. Harry A. Anderson, Charles E. Ruth Ann Ross, Katherine Reitz- Boonstra, Arthur Brunrfield, Lacl, Ruth Ralston, Bonnie Swope, vern Batten, Lawrence Bogei, Evelyn Shell, Phyllis Scholl, Phyllis Meile Bunker, John W. Clark, R. Smith, Julia Steffey, Emily Edward Clark, Robert Covilee, WilSquires, June Schwope, Jeannette ham Craft. Scheimerhoin, Dor las Tribble, Ma- James Covert, James Chase, Robbel Vaughan, Shirley Whiteman,' ert Carson, David Carter, Charles Carolyn Wood, Margaret Ann Pen- Duesler, Martin Diehl, Glenn C. nington. Earl, Bert Eisenhoui, Damon ElTENORS der, Robert Evanson. Vernon Burnidge, Jake Baldwin, W. K. Paucett, Keith Felix, George Black, James Bonick, Ed- James Good, James Griffith, Gif-
ford Holden, James Hardesty, Lloyd Holtzn^an, David Hedden, Wayne Hutchins. Lloyd- Ilammel, Carl Ilofer, Charles iPaskrfis, Charles Jay, Richard Kohls, William Kercheval, Charles Knue, Harry W. Kuhn, David Lindsay, Robert Leighton, Robert Molitor. Norman Merrick, George D. McKissock, Dale Mitchell, Lewis Padaje, Robert Myers, Richard Mulvey, Wayne H. McCloud. James T. Marshall, William Mraz, Ronald MeVay, Richard Neal, Warner Ohman, Joseph C. Osborn. Charles Powell, Eugene Piller, Ogden Pierce, Joseph Richards, William Rothenberger, Raymond Robetson, Donald Robinson, William Southard, Richard Smith, Edward Sopcak, Wilfred Scott. Paul Scott, William Schenler, Buford Tribble, James Taggait, Byron Tormohlen, Charles Van Dusen. Carl Westin, Charles Wolford, Robert Wolff, R. M. Wergel, Fred Wright, Edward Wojtowicz, Robert Wright, Wilmer Woodward, Robert Wilson, Donald West.
Freshman Association of the Christian Pounddtion will hold the first meeting of the year at 7:30 tonight in room 303 of the Union. This one-hour meeting is sponsored by the foundation to help freshmen and transfer students get acquainted with one another. Drama practice for those who wish to try out for Disciple’s Players, dramatic organization sponsored by the foundation, will follow the meeting. Freshmen who are unable to attend the meeting but would like to become affilated with the foundation should contact Martha Jane Gettinger or Johfti Harter, w.g.h. United Air Lines Official Addresses Aero Course History and organization of airtransportation, was the topic of the lecture given by A. F. Bonnalie to members of the Aeronautics Engineering 2 course last night tn the Mechanical Engineering building. Bonnalie is the assistant executive vice president in charge of operations for United Airlines and is one of several United Airlines executives who are lecturing to this course during the semester. H. E. Nourse, director of budget and statistics, and W. E. Meritzer, chief engineer, will address the course in the near future, k.a.k. Advance mail orders for Purdue’s grid opener with Vanderbilt are running nearly 300 per cent ahead of last year’s opener, while this year’s Homecoming with Iowa is running 18 per cent ahead of the similar attraction with Wisconsin
last year.
■ ACgmliaHWtP Freskmad Heeliiii hFowlv Halt 7:311 Prof. Hadley# Cary Club Officers Sfieafe Toniglif Freshmen from the Cary Halls will assemble in a mass meeting at 7:30 tonight in Fowler Hall to hear officers explain functioning of all activities in the halls. Bill Farber, president of Cary Club, will preside as master of ceremonies and will explain the operations and policies of the club and its organization, Hadley Will Speak Main speaker of the evening will be Dr. Hadley of the mathematics department, a member of the counselling staff of the halls. His talk will give the freshmen some pertinent advice on stairting the year
right.
G. O. Arbuckle, manager of the Halls, will present problems confronted in governing Cary Halls, and let the freshmen know what is expected of them. Other members of the staff will counsel the freshmen and answer their questions. Activities Explained Activities of Cary Club will be explained by the various officers ‘ in charge of them. Political chairman, Dave Richardson, will tell about previous political campaigns, explaining their functionings, and state the political policies and preferences expected of the freshmen. Social functions and the program of parties and dances for the year will be presented by Bob Brewster, social chairman. The formation and activities of athletic teams in the Halls will be explained by intra-mural manager, Gil Walters. Warren Dutsky, treasurer, will speak on allocation of expenses in the club., Last year over 500 members of Cary Hall attended a similar mass meeting. All club freshmen are urged to be there, w.g.h. ASME Student Branch Will Meet Thursday First meeting of the Student Branch of the A.S.M.E. will be held in the west faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30 p.m. on this Thursday. ’’ The meeting will be in the form of an informal get-acquainted smoker and anyone interested in the A.S.M.E. and its activities is invited to attend. Prof. F. C. Hockema will be present to give a few words regarding membership in the Student Branch. The purpose of the Society and its benefits to members will be discussed by the of-
ficers.
Copies of Mechanical Engineering, the Society’s official publication will! be distributed, and refreshments will be served at the close of the meeting. A door prize will also be awarded. The membership drive for the coming year will start at this meeting and students may apply for membership at the meeting if they wish, h.a.b. Civil Engineers Will Hold First Meeting Thursday American Society of Civil Engineers will hold its first meeting of this year this Thursday at 7:30 pan. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering building. Piofessor R. B. WUey, dean of the school of civil engineering, will speak on “The ASCE.” Elections for a new secretary wiU be held, and theie will be a discussion of plans for the senior cord parade. Refreshments wiU be served, h.e.
Delta Chi
... social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: John Bairow, Columbiana, Ohio; Frank Beck, Jr., Indianapolis; Thomas Belt, Chicago, 111.; Edwin Bodely, East Chicago; Donald Bowman, Delphi; Jim Bioekei, Chicago, III.; Ked Dietz, Uniontown, Pa.; Jim Geyer, Madison; Richard Hawkins, Whiting; Aithur Morris, Niles, Mich.; Flank Paitson, Terre Haute; Byron Parsons, Woolcott; Wendell Paunicka, Whiting; Richard Quick, Delphi; Fiank Rugieri, South Bend; Connor Salm, Madison; Ralph Simpson; and Brooks Tormohlen,
Poitland.
Book Exchange . . .is now paying out money for books sokl. All m^ey should be collected by 6 p.m., this Wednesday. Selling and return of unsold books will continue until that time.*/''/:> ’^fi j ■•_ r^-ssp
■^m
P U R D U E E 3C P OW ENT
’ i^:^:,
-AYKES
'^S?aJfenW*'iiiS ^a8 Bccona fefess wattov thp imst ' ,1!;!!, ^|^®«fiioe to IvafatettpJ' .IfiSiftns. under the net V'wivlnJ^nt rl?\n’nit ‘:;-iS''-lOf ConnlN'Sfi or Jinrrh S, JS7!), and at .the .of
rote o£ D'ostiiKC uroyided far in sec-
i 'tion nos. act of October 8, )'UT .■uUliprized
’■fe. jantiery 20, ISSSs PriSlished daily except Gimlet Club: Very imja: *jj'Mdn'day tldriiiiS:'4ilio I'dKUtar academic year T'nesdny, September IG, in Union. Room aniSjfy^Ud wccElj’ dutiinR* the; Summer Session, nouneed later. Ji)innor at 6:30. Please plan eSffi:i.D6HvcreiT localty. by; cay tier for $8.50 lum to attend. ■—JOHNSON f^^^iStesr, mail eubsSriptiOitrf.iJ-l.OO. , --—— i... •.. -.7.. . ' " -^T . ..C t,-n f- A. Equipment Operators: Anyone in- '' :JM!tbt*to'<!hlcf. ....iNed A. Ocmllrcc (.j.j.o.sted in contractirtK to play roebrds with'
.limn L. Traufrott . .. .
NRithOm-atics Condition ExhminatK ‘a amination tov remove condition .”C. ^' l-HAmcT-rr'* em.itios vviir be given in Recitation .bqild- .10., of the Un.bn. ^ HABICIIT
5¥'S££'StSS;;,“-™d7YSt
1,ak<^ this exam siilco tio ollior exam ^
5ter. Students expecting must obtuin permit at.tht.' fitlleitiaticg before S.optr?!!^
^Tuesddy/EfRtenibier 16.1941
llh'f.
room 117.
-SCHNElbER dffife/
at 7 :30 p.m. to' rdoto 305 of the Union’. Bustoess meeting tb 'folloto Please attend.
—WATT ■
AWS Excctrtlvo Heard: Meeting WedwesSeptombmr ’17' dt 7 i^O'.pVm. itt ' AWS
'•^McCVthOGU
IM Schediiii
Hoftimli
JNeWs Editor.
Il'iposintSS' ]feniaitor.l
. flow S. Powers
Notices
Miljtarv Seniors; There will he a meeting of all Battery Athletic OlTieeiv in Room 20n
of the arniory Tuesday,
Basic MilitaKv StCidcnt-s: hlcclmg of all students interGSiod ,i in tryout.*? lor niembei*ship in Purdue Ortlrr of Zounve?, rim> drill team, at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Sept. 1<, in the armory, ^ . —GRAF Chemistry IH, 112 and 12f): Leave sebodnlc of classes in my'mail box in the Cbemistry Dopartnient ofiice. - —EL^^1NG Advanced Course Applicant.^: The followinjr. student? ,ave olipible lii .take Advanced Course without exper.se- to the jrovernnvent. If interested, contact'Ma.ii'V rvIcsser-'iniUi^ at Armory nt. once: E. N. Riiier. AV. G. Rice, J, T. Shiveb--. AV: ?-L H. J’oster, J. PfcnniniTcr. .1. fe. Friichnial, C. A. D.avi?,
t
W. 13. Rosenba -
coat, W. N. • Coughlin, 11. E. Jiyers. H. Sorem.' D. F. EoMast'.r. ,1. R. Irwiii^ H, 1’. Bramley. J. H. Sti.g;zlema7i, H. !>. Fulmer, W. L. Ullom. H. H. Hummn, A. R. Pastrick, li. N. Caputo, D. M. Lig.gett. W. F. ■Wagner, J. P. Reeves, D. A. McCaslin, W. E. Taylor, R. A. Bilibins, A. E. Culbertson, R. J. Starr. W. *P: Tvlitcheib, Ti. "Wright. A H. Ludwig, K. C. Gnntx, W. P. Rnihgeb.
—?.1..\.10R MESSEKSMITH
your own equipment and record library for Union Tea Dances call me at 5058.
—DEUSTER
Student Senate: Meeting in Senate office Tuesday, Sept. Ifl, at 7:30 p. m.
—DIBOS'
Dance Calendar; All snei.ol chairmen must present requests in writing before Friday. September 10. for dauce.s held in l!io Union Iniildin.g. Please stale time, date, and name of sptfcsdring organization. ' . —STAREK. POMM:' Important meeting Tuesday, September IG, at 4 o’clock in the armory. —BUSHNELL. Aloha Phi Omega: Executive meeting at 7 loO Tuesday evening in the Swedish (West) Lounge of the Union.
—SIGLER.
Novice Pistol Group: Student desiring to Gri' in the first novice.pistol group starting Sept. 23. 1041 may sign up in the .supply room of the armory now. •
,—BROWN.
Sophomores: Callout for baseball managi'fs Monday . and Tuesday afternoohs, Sept. 15-10, at 4 p. m. Report at baseball.
PtB.l Track; AIJ candidates for track and field whb plan' to prai:tieo this fftll report to room 107 of the. Field House Wednesday, September 17, at'4:15 p.m. ■ ^ —ALLEN Alpha Zetn: Important m eeting^ September', 17. jut 7:30 p.m. in rciom 232 of the Uni.on. —SWAIM Slrtflcot'. Senate: Meeting postponed until Wodr.'psday, September 17, at 7 :30 p.m. in Senate.-of —DIBOS
Alpha Phi Othega i Overnight catriptoS trip' to Cary Camp Saturday, September ■ 20. Will leave in the afternoon. Watch for further tletSiIs later in the week. —SIGLER Gimlet Club: Meeting Tuesday, Septemberw 10) in' Union) Dinner' at 0 ;80 p;n4) in Old Chestnut Room. Please plan to attend, Cohie dhd’get kOyk. —JOHNSON
Freshmen All candidates for freshman luisobail manv'pership report on the intra' mural, field at 4 =15 P-m., Tuesday. Septeniber IA; —SANDERSDeftois:- Sait9 meeting in Debris- offiOc Wednesday, Sep'^tember 17, at H p.m. Bring all sales books.','-All salesmen bo there.
—MINTON
Purdue Horticultural Society: Meeting Wedflbsdfiy, Septortib'er 1.7,. at ; 7^:30 p.m. in Horticulture auditorium. Pleace ho present, impotthftt. —WOLE
Alpha-Lambda Delta: Meeting Tuesday, September 10, at 6 :p.-m. in room 232 of
the Uhjbn- .
—MAG DONALD
Christian Science' 6'rganization: First regidar meeting, T uesd ay, September 16,
Here’s :Grne for j’ufdue’S football squad to ponder o'Vei’ if' it considers .that game with Vanderbilt an, “opener^’: 'The Coirtinodore freshmen Were undefeated-, last fall, trouncing the Tennessee yearlings; 19-{5; ;Kentucky, IS-Q.; and Sewanee, 45-0.' ■ .
H. K. Herr, R. E. Mnli- diamond on intramural field.
Union Building Permanent Assignments: Orgaiiiz.ations wishing p. rmniieiit rooms in the Memorial Ilnio.n bnildiT^g' u'ili submit writteii , petitions to the Str.d-.mt Union Board before Frid.uy, Seotemb-.'r 13. Please state, size, of organiratiou .'ind reascuis for . requesting a yierrnaniutl roo!u. —ST.-tREK. Catalyst Clah Members- and Pledges: Meeting 'ruesday ni.eht, Sejitesubor _ at 7:30 p. m. Sign li.st in ■ Lr. Le-veli'-s oil ice. ■ —NODER Social Chairmen: Pre.-.ent your requests, for dance's to be held in Ib.e Union in writing to the Student Union Board before Friday, Sept. IS. State date, time and ball-
room itreference.
—STAREK.
Purdue Christian Fcuneaiion: Freshman
association nu-eting Tuc,sd-:iy. S-.'ijt. 10. 7:30 p. m. in room .303 of i'nc P'ni.;n. Ti'youts for freshman dramatic ,e.r{,ui) immediately
fallowing. All Iresh3nen invited.
—BUSBY
—NEAL.
■ Military Code Classes: Extra-curricular code iustruction'.will bo conducted by the military department again this year for any male students interested. Announcement of the schedule will bo made the hast week iri October. —BURKHART. Tati Beta Pi: Short but .important meetin.g in room :107 of i;he. Union, Wednesday, September 17, at 7:30 p.m. —MUNGER
\ LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY \ BY ENROLLING IN Ol/R ADUlT CLASSES \ BEGINNER'S OPENS WED), SEPT. I7th \ ADVANCED OPENS THURS., SEPT. ISth 7:30 P, M, ENROLL NOV^ KNDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
PHONE 2150 M< ALLEN, Insriictor
ALIEN’S
1 Phone 2150
^ 6tht,& Ferry
-TODAY - WE D N SSDAY— ^ptmimuiill I f Ifimjii H'JWLUfJH-J Tiir'TlTO*agaMaaB^^^ America’s Ho. I Mischief-Kaker in his hinniest hit! ^ Vv--r=-==' The AUrlcIi Family ^ la >„ saJ i P S with ^|\7| A Paramount Picture
-ANDGE^5E AUTRY W SMiLEY BBRUETTE MAP.V HE .fDlV;,80 t'OSEIS JACQGEIIKE Vff’.lS
ALSO 'WHITE EAGLE*
SERIAL
HEALTHFULLY COOL LIMA
TODAYS V/ED.
2 HITS
THE YEAR'S GREATEST THRILL PiCTURE!
, tfcrnnjt WALTER .JOAN PIOOEftN • gEMNETT -.GEORGE |AHDERS PLUS—FIRST RUN HIT—
ROSCOS KARNS D'OllfJtUY' Lytift Merriek EiRifct Yfoex
HEALTHFULLY Cool mm
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
WUM AM YmmiMB WITM ; r&miAmmf mssrm?...
TODAY -TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS The story behind that . $500 KISS!
. A better method is to siend it home regularly by Railway Express—and ha-w it returned the same way. Our service is fast, sure—and convenient. Economical rates include pick-up and deliv(?ry at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal town^. Your choice of prepaid or collect charges, Just as convenient too, for ’most any shipment: Baggage, gifts, cake or a pet elephant. .. . RAILWA
. AGENCV*'
Infrodiic/ng AMfiA LEE .Ito CHARLES .WINHIHCEn and REGINALD GARDINER • GILBERT ROLAND KATHEKIHE LESLIE • HUGH O'CONNELL
PLUS
Hooray for Pop! FATHER STEPS OUT — WITH — Frank Albertson Jed Prouty - Lorna Gray — ADDED — MARCH OF TIME CRISIS IN THE PACIFSC
INC.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
— COMING — ORSON WELLES AS CITIZEN KANE
HEALTHFULLY COOL ummne TODAY - WEDNESDAY Tita Love Tc-Am of “Hurricane"' | . Re.-Units)<l At la$tl !
V
-f'y iC' '
BOMIHY liMOUl iH HALL,.-
t#
Of me
IsomM si4s
//^
'A Poramduni Pkivre with lynne Overman • Philip Reed |:^ Katherine DeMille - Fritz leiber-iy
Have fun be friendly Treat yourself and others to fresh-tasting Wrigley ’s Spearmint Gum The Flavor Lasts
n
.'■IbifkJfii'iV
iiiliii'im iM I
•AiiMtuiitihi
Gk|ii|fied
Subscribe To Your Campus Daily
lili.fesdfiy, Seifffeliilber Ifi ij, Dlaiiiqpd' , , , 1 phi Itapp^ vs Deltii Chj.
2 Dfeitto UpBilSh vs Thlfta Tali. 3 Sigma Chi vs Beta Theta Pi.
4 Triangle ys Theta Xi.
5 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma. 6 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Kappa Delta Rho.
• 7 Sigma Pi vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Clean),
8 Pi Kappa Alpha , vs Kappa Sigma. , enti'an'ce. Vei'vr.easdnable. Apply, noon, eve'J Tail Kappa Kpsilon ■Vs Itota Sigma Bsi: 3iiing8,i llO S. Qrdnt. Phond 2769.
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Kappa
Pot Hisnt': Men'’s doulilc riioto,' tViri liedS; Clean,, tfellUighted. Stoker heat, privnt*
Lambda. ,
Sigma Nu vs PKi Sigma Kappa. -Alpha. Chi- Rho- vs Delta Tau- Delta,• Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Kafipa Psi. Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Gamlhft Delta Sigma, Phi Epsiloh ^vs Latobfla
^i KaWn ^iii ys Alpha Gamirta .BhO) PacuitV vs Theta GHi) ' : '
. Lost: Black cighrotte cdsc in AtMbty.
Call 7764.
For Rent: Room for fellows in new brick
p,. .home. Gas heat, tiled shower, twin beds,
,'-'“1 ; private entrance. Phone 2148;
Subscribe To YoUr Cainpns Daily
. -y P- 1
Cl#F^St SPORTING Gd0M 3^C«»lrncr»‘of5 5th and- Ferry ■
'tor
ALE APHUBD DESIGN EQtJBMENT FOR GIRLS TAKING A0.S1.59^53-6O ' AT DEAG’S
.'jjjl’jl
BOOKS and #IPI>LIES for All Courses » EnginoeFing • Science C,. - ' ^ Homd Ecoi^iomics I Agriculture • Pharmacy • Physidal Ediiccition Get Your Bacteriology, Biology, Applied Design Supplies Here UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
-* (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” SamihOns^ ’29
R. W. “Doc’’ Epple, ’40
Dpn’f miss SONJA HENIE, stdfring in "SUN VaUEY SERSnadE" a 20lh Ceritury-Fox film, with Glenn Miller dnd his bund.
■.. . and din’t miss enjoying the greot combination of tobaccos in CHESTERFIELD that makes it the one cigarette that's COOLER MILDER and BEUER-TASTING.
the Right Combination of the World’s Best Cigarette
Buy a pack... when you light a ChesterGeld you get an aroma and fragrance so delightful that it’s enjoyed even by those Who do not smoke. We spare no expense itt making ChesterMd the best smoke money cian buy,.. from tho tobacco inside, right out to the moisture-proof, easy-to-open cellophane jacket that koeps
Copyright 1911, Liuofir & Mrniis Tobacco Co,,! Mothers Everywhere
A letter from their son or daughter at school is a letter ej^erly looked s. \ \ ^ ^ ^ a forward to—^but so many students do not have time to write as often as often as they would like. s t ^ t~ i- 1 L Smart students are solving this problem by sending the PURDUE EXPONENT home. They know that the folks will like the humor, dramatics, I scandal, society . . . and they know that Dad won’t want to miss the sport stories and dope on Purdue’s history making footbaU and basketball teams. Smart students also are solving their budget problem *by) trading at Southworth’s. Here they know they can find what they are looking for at a savings that will make their pockets jingle with extra spending money. Just $3.75 for the whole year—two seihesters — mailed to any address. t; f I >• C Subscribe anytime at— Deac’s University Book Store
OR AT—
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
SciuihmottkL
‘M. A 'p 1^.
!<)?(<
4
' V
V «
A I
t f' PURDUE EXPONENT
, V » J ’ (i. ^ r j n i “f (il, h ^ ^ H . A,
Deac Says:
For 34 years, **Deac’s”, a home owned store, has served e^. Purdue Students* We want to continue to serve the present group of Purdue Students* At ^^Deac^s” student help only are employed* We have everything— EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
NEW and USED TEXTBOOKS
VALUES IN
DRAWING SUPPLIES FOUNTAIN PENS PENCILS GYM OUTFITS STATIONERY SPORTING GOODS ART SUPPLIES NOTE BOOKS PENNANTS FICTION NON-FICTION E. S. STUDY LAMPS GIFTS OF ALL KINDS
LEAVE YOUR MONEY AT DEAC’S FOR SAFE KEEPING. YOU CAN DRAW IT OUT DAY OR NIGHT ANY AMOUNT OR ALL —NO CHARGE — • NOW IS THE TIME FOR FRESHMEN TO GET THEIR FRESHMAN POTS AT DEAC’S
H. G. REISNER Book Store
H. e. R[ISM«
ESTABLISHED 190B
3ZS State Street
H. C. REISAER, JR.