Juniors^ Seniors Vote for your candidates today. Tonight at the Union all quick students may get free doughnuts, coffee.
JOar/y
Volume 52, No. 84
West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December 17, 1940
Italy Denies German Aid Is Required Axis Powers Confident Of Ultimate Triumph Through Air, Sea Arms By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO \ To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Selrvice. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Rome, Dec. 16—Despite unfavorable developments in the Egyptian campaign, the Italian leadership maintains an attitude of confidence. It is assumed here that Italy has no intention of asking Germany for further cooperation. The confidence of Axis quarters in ultimate victory seems sincere. German industry is concentrating its efforts apparently to turn out airplanes and submarines to cut Britain’s food and supply lines. New German airplane types, moreover, may even enable the Germans shortly to attempt daylight bombings once again. Eye Arms Lag In U.S. Axis quarters seem to feel that American intervention is less likely now than appeared some time ago and they are impressed with the time lag in American production of armaments. One German claims that his country is now producing 4,000 airplanes a month, against less than 1,000 in America, and does not believe that American aircraft production can even catch up with the Germans before 1942. He argues moreover, that German pilots are superior and will continue so since (Continued on page 2) Leaders Of Playshop, Debate, WBAA Talk At Freshman Forum A fourth Freshman Activities folum will be held this afternoon in the biology lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. Activities to be discussed today are Playshop, Debate and WBAA. These forums are sponsored by the Activities Bureau so that freshmen and transfer students may become acquainted with the various activities on the campus. Myra McKee and Mark Keane will discuss the different aspects and departments of Playshop. Debate activities will be represented by Eugenia Pechin. The work of WBAA and the opportunities for student workers will be told by Dick Pittenger. Jim Wally of the Activities Bureau urged that more freshmen come out to support this endeavor and make it really worthwhile, a.w. Students Will Carol After Game Tonight Caroling will be directed tonight after the Wabash basketball game by A. P. Stewart, University musical director. Students and faculty will meet in front of the Union. Siewart will direct the carolers from the first floor balcony. Words of the carols will be flashed on a screen on the second balcony. After the sing the Union will furnish free coffee and doughnuts for the carolers in the cafeteria, a.p. Theta Alpha Phi . . . dramatics honorary, held an initiation Sunday in the Reception room of the Union at 4 p, m. for the following pledges: George Osborne, Philip Henze, Dick Pittenger, Joyce Burnham, Harold Rodenberg, Don Salmond, Mary Alice Miller, Dick Coleman and Merle Keck.
— From All Fronts — Today's Summary Of War News
• British Planes Raid Naples A British air squadron raided the Italian port of Naples Saturday night, scoring five direct hits on a concentration of cruisers and destroyers, it is revealed officially in Cairo. The RAP relates there were “four large explosions.” The Italians admit damage to one warship, with 50 casualties.
• English Steamer Bombed The steamer Bic Island, last reported on October 2 as out of Montreal for Liverpool, has sent a message picked up in New York by Mackay Radio that she is “being bombed by enemy aircraft 340 miles west by south of Tory Island,” off the coast of Ireland.
• British Envoy Doubtful “The choice of a British ambassador to the United States still hangs fire,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. “But there is a rumor this morning that the liberal Lloyd George might be sent as a special interim ambassador to succeed the late Lord Lothian.”
o Predict Peace Offensive “In the next few months the enemy’s strategy is going to be twofold,” Labor Minister Bevin told an (Continued on page 3) Pillrollers Recover From Kappa Defeat And Upset DU Team A comeback was staged last Sunday night by Dr. Miller’s Kappadefeated Pillrollers as they upset Delta Upsilon, top ranking in the fraternity bowling league, three straight games and beat them 252 pins. According to Dr. Miller the Pillrollers were physically at their lowest ebb but were still able to sabotage the highly-touted DU’s, who were cheered on by the presence of their housemother and dates. Doc himself had been up until 6 o’clock that morning with the Scabbard and Blade initiation, another memher had a carbunckle on his neck and another was exhausted from a trip out of town and the Doctor says it was a notable triumph. The stars of the game were Pillrollers; A. Stucky bowled a 603 series and Jim Fidler bowled a 580 series. Suffer KKG Defeat Several weeks ago the Pillrollers suffered defeat in their first game of the season from the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority team. “We may not have what it takes to beat the women but we sure can lick the men,” exclaimed Doc Miller. Pillrollers Challenge All The Pillrollers expect to play all the best teams on the campus this year. Those who average 850 or better a game. Dr. Miller requests that all fraternities, Cary club members, the physical plant and physical education department, civil engineers, electrical engineers and any members of the Purdue leagues to please take notice of this challenge. The Pillrollers predict a bowling season with bigger and better scores for the Pillrollers this year. a.c. Beta Theta Pi . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Benjamin D. Spofford, Dayton, 0.; Alonzo A. Neese, Beloit, Wis.; Don Carley, Dayton, O.; William B. Penstermaker, Indianapolis; William P. Pletcher, Wilmette, 111.; Leslie J. Woehlke, Wauwatosa, Wis.; William E. Musselman, Poland, O.; Robert H. Olson, Cleveland Hghts., O.; Donald M. Meier, Wilmette, HI.; Thomas McDonald, Speed; Vincent A. Snyder, Massilon, 0.; George A. Corbus, Ottawa, 111.
Upperclassmen Will Elect Prom, Gala Week Committees At Polls Today
An Editorial Rumors That You Can't . . . split your vote in today’s Prom and Gala Week elections that have been circulating around the campus are entirely false. In fact, they are merely political lies. For many years party politics have been becoming the major factor in all-campus elections; the individual candidates take a minor role in the game they later must play. Splitting a ticket becomes very simple when the voting machine is used. After the booth curtain is closed fraternity brother, sorority sister, or political boss, and we do have them on the campus, does not know whether you have just voted a straight ticket or split it. Last year (1938) in the Prom election it would have been impossible for the losing party to have placed a man on the committee if it had not been for split tickets. Also it would have been impossible for any one member of the party to gain more votes than any other member of the party if it were not for the split votes. In splitting your vote, close the booth curtain by pulling the lever at the top of the machine to the right. There is a lever to the left of each party ticket and unaffiliated candidates. The lever to the left of the party for which you wish to cast the most votes should be pulled to the right. Small levers above each candidate will fall. The lever above the candidate for whom you do not wish to vote should be pushed up, and the lever above the candidate for which you wish'to vote should be pulled down. Only seven votes may be cast for Prom or six for Gala Week. Pulling the lever at the top to the left records your vote and opens the booth curtain. Whether you have voted a straight or split ticket remains a secret and does not invalidate your vote as political bosses might want you to believe.—J.H.McK. Editor’s Note: This editorial is reprinted from the Exponent of December 12, 1939, the day of the 1939 Prom and Gala Week elections. The Absence Of Candidates . . . running independently in today’s all-campus elections is another indication of defect in all-campus elections. Last year two persons ran for positions on the Prom committee independent of party support. When votes were tabulated that evening the independent candidates had polled only 13 per cent of the total vote cast. Is this vote indicative of the abilities of the candidates ?
PIA Chorus Will Give First Yule Varieties Program In Ballroom PIA Men’s Chorus will present the first Independent Christmas Varieties program in the south ballroom of the Union this afternoon from 4:30 until 5:30 o’clock, accompanied by Irv Given’s campus band. Today’s program marks the first public appearance of the organization this year. A variety of numbers will be presented including a number of Christmas carols and sea songs. Leslie Stallwood, Richard Buffington and Jim Carrarro will sing solos. Program Numbers to be presented are as follows: Part I 0 Come All Ye Faithful.. ..Reading Hark! the Herald Angels Sing Mendelssohn It Came Upon the Midnight Clear Willis Joy to the World Handel-Mason The Sea Gulls Protheroe Men’s Chorus Part II Selection by Irv Given and Band. Part III Song of the Jolly Roger Chadleigh-Candish The First Noel Traditional Silent Night Franz Gruber 0 Little Town of Bethelehem Redner We Three Kings of Orient Are Traditional Men’s Chorus No admission will be charged. Students, faculty members and townspeople are invited. r.l.h.
Basketball Tickets Exchanged Today Today senior students may-ex-change their passport coupons for reserved seat tickets to the Michigan basketball game Saturday evening, January 11. The exchange will be made at the ticket office in the men’s gymnasium, according to the following schedule: today, seniors; tomorrow, juniors; Thursday, sophomores; Friday, freshmen. Following the distribution of tickets to the student body this week, any remaining seats will be placed on sale to the general public. e.f. 5,000 AHend Year's First Symphonic Band Concert Five thousand music lovers attended the first concert presented by the University Symphonic Band during the current school year on Sunday afternoon in the Hall of Music. Six outstanding classical selections were rendered by the band. Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce is sponsoring the series of concerts in order to give members of this and surrounding communities an opportunity to hear the Symphonic Band which has received acclaim from many outstanding musicians and critics, r.l.h. Zouaves . . . will hold their annual initiation dinner at the Union tonight at 6 o’clock in room 363. Thirty-two new members will be initiated and the election of Cadet Second Lieutenant P. N. Graf as Second Lieutenant of the order will be announced.
Balloting Will Officially Close Hot Campaign Juniors and seniors will officially put an end to three weeks of vigorous campaigning by the Progressive and Boilermaker parties today when they vote for Prom and Gala Week committee members. Polls will be open in the reception room north of the Union west desk from 7:30 o’clock in the morning until 6 o’clock in the evening. Seniors will vote for Gala Week committeemen only. The Boilermaker party has nominated Marge Seibert, Ted Axton, Berke How To Vote T. Move the handle at the top of the machine to the right as far as it will go and leave it there. 2. Pull the party lever bearing the name of your party to the right until the bell rings and then let it go back. This will turn down to voting position the pointers of ail the candidates of your party. 3. To vote a straight ticket: leave the pointers as they are (down in a voting position). 4. To vote a split ticket: turn back the pointer from over the name of the candidate you wish to cut out, and then turn down a pointer over the name of the candidate you wish to vote for in that office. 5. Repeat this for every office you wish to split on. 6. After you have completely arranged your ticket, move the handle to the left as far as it will go and leave it there. Bergstedt, Ed Luedeka, Bob Hogue and Jack Money for this committee, while the Progressives are backing Bunny Farrell, Fred Apsey, Charles Bowman, Fred Elley, Bill Gephart and Jim Lemon. Juniors Juniors, voting for Prom tickets only, will find Bunny Evans, Bob Adams, Damon Elder, Charles Danglemajor, Chuck Hansen, Bob Stecker and Jim Wolff on the Progressive slate and Jean Anne McClintock, Bob Brock, Carl Tafel, Ned Ochiltree, Don Ogilvie, Bill Ogden and Forrest Sprowl representing the Boilermakers. Among the mote spectacular attractions of the campaign were booths operated by both parties at the Boilermaker Brawl Friday at which free refreshments were served, and a tea dance sponsored by the Boilermakers in the South Ballroom of the Union yesterday afternoon with a program at which their candidates were introduced. Poll watchers will be stationed near the voting booths by both factions today, along with those from the Student Senate, sponsors of the election. John Walley is the junior executive in charge. Students must present passports to be eligible to vote, and no voting by proxy will be allowed. No campaigning will be permitted in the immediate vicinity of the polls. Passports will be stamped ^|>efore voters enter the polling i-oom. Students will be allowed to vote only for the committee elected (Continued on page 3)
Cage Squad Faces Tough Foe Tonight Wabash's Little Giants Here Tonight For Final Home Contest Of 1940 In their final home clash of the calendar year the Riveters tonight take on a small but speedy Wabash five that promises to give Coach Lambert’s cagers the stillest competition they have yet encountered this season. The Little Giants amazed Northwestern’s Wildcats recently with a dazzling display of speed that had the ’Cats on the ropes for a time. Wabash led at the half, 15-10, and held their lead until the final minutes when Northwestern squeezed out a 35-32 triumph. The Crawfordsville quintet will y probably be represented at the tipoff by a trio of veterans and two sophomores. Bill Fisher and Rawl Ransom, guards, and Carl Klein, forward, are the old stand-bys and they will be aided and abetted by second-year men Ray Greve, forward, and Carl Kelley, center. Lambert has been forced to jug(Continued on page 4) University Musical Groups To Present Christmas Convo Tomorrow night the University musical organizations, assisted by the modern dance group, will present the annual Christmas Convocation, produced with all student talent. Admission is free to townspeople and students alike and with the added facilities of the Music Hall it is expected that people will not be turned away as has been the case in past years with the programs in Fowler Hall. Orchestra And Dance Group Celeste preludes by Joanne Lloyd will open the program. Following that, the University Orchestra, together with the Modern Dance group, will present excerpts from “The Nutcracker Suite,” by Tschaikowsky. Joseph Regains is conducting the University Orchestra, and Helen B. Emight directs the Modern Dance group. The entire audience will join in a carol with A. P. Stewart directing. Narration And Song Highlighting the evening will be the presentation by the Concert and University choirs of the Christmas Choralogue by Olds. This is the Christmas story, told in narrative and in song. William Heath wiU narrate the Christmas story with the choirs singing an a capella musical background, Mollie Harding taking the solo part. A very beautiful setting has been arranged, with the Concert choir kneeling by the altar in the center of the stagte and the University choir robed in white seated in the background. Free Admission This program is being produce^ under the auspices of the committed for religiou^ convocations. s.p.2 ^£dHA
Tuesday, December 17, 1940
fijuAdfUL ^xf^onsmt
The
Column
..-x'
Persistent rumors keep sneaking in to the effect that Germany has already attempted the invasion of Britain. In a quiet sort of way. Story goes that they sailed in 1200 aluminum barges with fifty men in each. It sounds a little like a good old dish-pan armada in the bathtub. On a large scale. ii * * The Tommies were apparently ready for them. Before the attempt, they planted tanks of oil and gasoline beneath the surface of the channel and waited for the boche boys to come across. Then they dropped incendiary bombs to ignite the mess. And had a fish fry. Herr Heil lost 80,000 men that way. And now it is reported that widespread mutinies are under way in the German army at the prospect of another invasion attempt. The boys don’t like the water.
-i-
But that’s all rumors. * 1= iWhen we see one like this on the front pages of our papers, we wonder what the German press says. Wierd tales probably describe the smoking ruins of deserted London and the fall of the British merchant marine. And the rowboat retreat across the Atlantic. Italians in Egypt seem to be retreating fast enough
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second clsss matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail sub* scription $3.60. Editor-in-Chief R. W. Donahne Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor — D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Bnffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L,. Trangott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. G. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. f. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim, Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Traugott Issue Editor: Novey Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Editor: Swaim Staff: S. Peterson, R Hadley, E. McCullough, B Hoskins, E. Franklin, J. Armstrong, A Chatfieltl, H. Brewei, A. Prantner, A. Worsley.
ASME Chapter Sees (Continued frOm page 1) Combustion Films Italy Denies
to make the pyramids take on the aspect of a picket fence. If the legions of Rome can find a way to get past the British fleet when they reach the Mediterranean, they will be soon at home with nothing to remind them of four years work in the deserts. Except the sand in their shoes, r.m.s.
Letter To The Editor Dear Sir, In your recent editorial of last Wed., entitled “Isolationists—Not Traitors” you said that you could not condone the action of so-called friends who would have you gather at a Youth Anti-War Congress, to sabotage the defense preparations of the U. S., et cetera. Apparently you have failed to see another side to the proposal. I believe that the majority of the people in the U. S. claim to be Christians; this is supposed to be a Christian country. As such, professing to be Christians, you acknowledge the leadership of Christ —Christ who said, “Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.” Certainly then we are killing the spirit, if not the body, of Christ when we kill our fellow men—many of whom wish to fight no more than we do. Aren’t we giving lip-service to Christianity and at the same time denying its workability when we say that there is no successful way, other than war, of settling our disputes. Your mention appeasement and passive resistance as the only apparent alternatives to war. There are methods of “pacifism”—not “passivism”— about which you have said nothing. True pacifism is not “passive resistance,” not a negative attitude, but instead of positive line of action. It is probably being best exemplified by Ghandi in his work in India: Ghandi is showing the world
what can be done for India, and doing it by means of non-violent, direct action; not with bloodshed. I do not advocate that the U. S. take over this method at once; its procedure is not well enough understood as yet. But, my point is, don’t be too hasty in condemning these youths who are gathering in groups throughout the country, looking for a better way! In your own words you say that war is Hell, yet you suggest no substitute. Just as it is hard to teach an old dog new tricks, so is it hard for the leaders of the present generation to change their attitude of resignation towards war. Therefore, if the youth of the country don’t look for, and find, a substitute for war—who will? You imply. Mil Editor, that the names on the sponsoring list for the Youth Congresjs bear titles from communistic organizations. People who are looking ahead for something better and who are willing to try something new have always been branded as radicals—^verify this from history, if you wish. Yet, if you will investigate the leaders and organizations connected with the Youth Anti-War Congress, you
will find some of the outstanding Christians in the country, but I don’t think you will find the names of any that are associated with “communistic” organizations. Finally, if we oppose conscription and certain of the defense measures of the government, it is not because we are trying to “sabotage” the interests of oim country, but because we feel that it is best for America and democracy. We want America to be first—first in democracy, in peace, and in the hearts of her countrymen, but we are looking for some better means of accomplishing this goal than by. means of war. Sincerely, D. V. M. Sc. ’43.
At last night’s meeting of the University’s student chapter of ASME, color films entitled “Combustion in the Locomotive Firebox” were shown. These movies appeared through the courtesy of the Standard Stoker company and the New
York Central Railroad.
The pictui'es showed various views of the actual combustion taken through eye slits and portraying the results of experimental work in stoker burning. Some of these studies were on change of rate effects, tracing of the details of flame travel and action of the fire on par-
ticles in suspension, e.w.m.
Union Will Sponsor Charity Tea Dance Thursday from 4 to 5:45 a Charity Tea Dance, sponsoied by the Student Union, will be given in the south ballroom. Admission to the dance may be acquired by the presentation of any form of staple food. A turkey or a five pound steak isn’t necessary. Just stuff a can of baked beans or a cabbage into your jeans and come on along to the party. Proceeds of the dance will go to the Salvation Army for distribution. Music designed for the promotion of Christmas spirit will be provided by records, b.h. CX'
Alpha Chi Rho
. . . social fraternity, announces initiation of the following: Bruce E. Adams, Morris, 111.; Earl Carter Chambers, Oak Park, 111.; Kenneth K. Gjemre, Groverton; Wilbur E. Johnson, Evansville; W. Frank McCaughey, Park Ridge, 111.; Stanley H. Munger, Ft. Wayne; Albert E. Perkins, Mishawaka; Vernon K. Rising, Rochester, N. Y.; Thomas B. Simon, Tulsa, Okla.; and Wil-
liam L. Sullivan, Dayton, 0.
they are being trained in the actual
conditions of war.
Belittle British Claims
British claims regarding the situation in Egypt are still treated here as extravagant by Axis quarters, who feel that no special measures are necessary, and today’s Italian communique merely states: “Lybia —in the frontier zone there is continued pressure by the enemy forces but they are bombarded by our aviation, which has inflicted heavy losses on the armored formations.” The communique then turns to the Greek front where “new enemy attacks have been repulsed,” it says. Axis quarters place their confidence in the reserve forces that are available to Gen. Rodolfo Graziani in Libya and in the possibility of wearing down and exhausting Great Britain’s mobile and wellequipped but small army. Probably less than half of Graziani’s effectives have been engaged, so far, by the British army which must num-
ber about 25,000 men.
University Staff Members Attend Forestry Meeting Professors E. R. Martell, Daniel DenUyl and A. M. Herrick, all of the forestry department, are in Washington, D. C., to attend the sessions of the fortieth annual meeting of the Society of American Foresters. This convention opens at noon tomorrow and closes at noon Saturday. Dr. Martell, who is vice-chair-man of the division of education of the society, will preside over a symposium on the “Ti’aining of Foi’esters for Government Service.”
^ TRAILWAYS
0. w.
R. T.
Chicago
.... $1.80
$2.95
Gary
.... 1.80
2.95
Michigan City „
.... 2.05
3.70
South Bend
.... 2.20
3.95
Indianapolis
.... 1.15
2.10
ViRY LOW RATES
FOR THE
HOLtDAYS
208 N. 5th
Phone 4475
UfRfHntd TODAY -WEDNESDAY
HERBERT MARSHALL JAMES STEPHENSOA
Dr. Fink of the electro-chemistry department of Columbia university predicted recently the use of electricity to produce potatoes.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
—TODAY -TOMORROWTWO FIRST RUN HITS!
Bfoodwov’s Musical Romance Smash I
UKO KADIO Piefure^wlth ROLAND Y0UN6 • ALAN MARSHAL • MAY ROBSON • BILLIE BURKE • ARTHUR TREACHER
PLUS •
Young romance guided from the spirit world!
leatuTing , CHARLES WINNINOER • RICHARD CARLSON • MARIA OUSPENSKAYA JEAN PARKER • HELEN VINSON C. AUBREY SMITH • HARRY CAREY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Judy sings her way into your heart again...in her first big solo starring hit!
TODAY -WEDNESDAY
WE.R ^AM.OUR ..
LUMA Today-Wed.—2 HITS ALL NBW thrills ol romance^ drama, laughs and excite-
Wayne Morris • Virginia Dale Lillian Cornell * William Frawiey
Vote BOILERMAKER Satisfaction Is Our Keynote
FOR AN UNFORGETABLE PROM Jean Anne McClintock Bill Ogden Carl Tafel Ned Ochiltree ‘Frosty’ Sprowl Bob Brock Don Ogilvie
FOR A MEMORABLE GALA WEEK
Ted Axton Ed Luedeka Jack Money
Marge Seibert Bob Hogue ‘Berke’ Bergstedt
A Round Peg Won't Fit a Square Hole!
SEND CARDS TO EVERYONE THEY COST SO LITTLE AND MEAN SO MUCH SEE OUR LARGE ASSORTMENT OF CHRISTMAS CARDS UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Union— M. C. “Red” Sammoiis, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40fiwuim, £xpomnL
Tuesday, December 17, 1940
fi/aqa 3- TloikeA
(Continued from page 1)
Balloting Will
by their class, and this will be checked. Boilermaker candidatt-^ are listed under the first row of levers on the machines and Progressives on the second. Co-ed nominees are listed first, with the names of eds following in alphabetical order. The regulation balloting machines used have been obtained by the Senate from Tipf)ecanoe County officials.
Puttering Shop Diredor Will Address Art Group “Graphic Arts” will be the subject of a talk by Bob Parks, director of Puttering Shop, at the Art club meeting Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in room 84 of the Union. The meeting will also feature a movie on etching. Students and facIty members are invited to attend.
Gi jivel-voiced Andy Devine, Hollywood comedian, was once a football player at Santa Clara.
(Continued from page 1) Today's War News Digest
Edinburgh audience. “He is going to talk peace and he is going to prepare while he is talking peace, as he did after Munich. The deadliest weapons are being prepared to cut the life lines of this country, but we are not going to be taken in.”
number about 25,000 men.”
• Pef-ain Gains Power Petain is seen in Vichy as more powerful than ever since Pierre Laval has been arrested and replaced as foreign minister by Former Premier Pierre-Etienne Flandin. Observers comment that “the venerable marshal has the quickness of decision of a young lieutenant.”
The UNIVlERSITY $5.00 Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a feltbindingof contrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
t*nEO. U. S. PATENT OFFICE
• Spanish Food To Germans A former minister of the Spanish republic is quoted by Edgar Ansel Mowrer as saying that if the Spanish people are hungry it is because Gen. Franco has sold their plentitude of rice, potatoes, olive oil and wine to someone, presumably the Germans.
o Greeks Drive Toward Valona The Greeks, driving toward Valona on the southern front, report that in storming an important position that the Fascists were trying
Classified Ads
FOR RENT For Rent: Ru88-Rent-A-C*r Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407. FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
WAA: Class volley ball practice Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, Ilecember 16, 17, 18 and 19. Freshman and juniors practice at 4 p. m.-, sophomores and seniors at 4:30 p. m. - KIBKHOFF.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 28 and 29, are requested to make application before Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. 'Those who have had previous experience at registration or In other clerical jobs are given preference. STONE
For Sale: Out of print books — Back number magazines.— Prints for art and economics classes. Tel. 7411. The Old Book Shop, 414 Ferry St., (Opposite Fowler Hotel.)
Zouaves: All members and pledges report to the Armory at .) o’clock Tuesday, December 17, in formal uniform for initiation. The banquet is at 6 o’clock in room .363 of the Union. Actives bring dues this time. —GIBSON.
desperately to hold, the list of dead.
included a general and a colonel, in addition to other senior officers. The Greeks were reported one mile from Tepelini and one and one-half miles from Kisura.
Lost: Bottom half of Schaffer fountain pen. Black with mother-of-pearl. Reward. Call 41236. Room, for second seme.ster. Board optional. Automatic hot water. Ph. 7.5.563, 915 N. Union.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, December 19, at 7:15 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. All members please be present. —PITCHER. Student Senate Members and Workers: Please report to the East Reception room during your free hours today to work at the election. Come whether you have signed previously or not. — WALLEY.
• Rome Denies British Claims , “British claims in Libya are still treated here as extravagant in Axis quarters,” radios John T. Whitaker from Rome. “Probably less than half of Graziani’s effectives have been engaged, so far, by the British army, which must
• British Cross Libyan Border British forces ai v “well across” the Libyan border, the Cairo communique asserted yesterday, while admitting that the Italians are holding to strongly fortified positions around Solium, Egyptian port on the Libyan frontier.
Sigma Delta Chi; Short meeting in Exponent office Wednesday, December 18, at 4 p. m. Set time for initiation. All must be present. —McKEE.
Notices
Catalyst Club: There will be a party Thursday, December 19. Meet at the Chemical Engineering building at 7:30 p. m. Please sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office before Wednesday noon. —BERGSTEDT.
Sociology Classes 75-H and 7.5-E: There will be no class meeting Tuesday. December 17. —NOFF.
SCA: SCA board will meet Tuesday, December 17, at 7 :30 in SCA room of Union. —BROWN.
LEE HATS 358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y.
^sdAh/iL are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette ^7 See these new styles and shades before you huy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00 SOOMAilNST. —
Cbt. £xciiUsmL ... HOME-MADE CANDY We Wrap Packages for Gifts and for Mailing GLATZ 536 Main Street
Purdue Rifle Club: Rifle range in the Fieldhouse will be open to students during the following hours : Monday, 4-6 :30 p. m., 7-9 p. m.; Tuesday, 3-6 p. m. ; Wednesday, 3-6 p. m., 7-9 p. m. : Thursday 3-6 p. m., 7-9 p. m.; Friday 3-5 p. m.; Saturday, 1-4 p. m. Range is reserved fPr matches only. Club members are urged to fire as many practice targets as possible from now on, as the first match will be fired January 11. —GRAUTEN.
Senior Military Students: A training film entitled “Reconnais.sance, Selection and Occupation of Position" will be shown in the motor room of the armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, December 17. —WORKMAN. Alpha Lambda Delta: Those new initiates who would like their certificate of initiation before vacation come to the east room of the Library, first floor, between 3 ;30 and 4 :30 today. —W.AYNE. Sophomore Union Workers: Riding Club Committee meets today at t:15 in the Union office. —HEPBURN.
Sigma Delta Chi: Turn in your Brawl tickets and money to me in the Exponent office today between 4 and 5 o’clock p. m., or call me at 5071. —MARQUIS.
Distinguished Gun Squad Competition: Sixteen squads consisting of juniors and sophomores will compete for awarls of medals and citations with 75 mm. guns Thursday, December 19, at 7 p. m. on the drill floor of the Armory. —WHITE.
Purdue Boxing Association: All members and pledges be at the meeting tonight at 5 p. m..in the Fieldhouse. Initiation of pledges will start. —BENNA.
POMM Members: Keys are here but must be paid for before they can be distributed. See Bob Massey at the Triangle house. —MASSEY.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be an important meeting of the actives on Tuesday, December 17, in room 103 of the Armory at 5 p. m. All actives please attend. . —MEESE.
Dining halls at W. Virginia university serve more than 100,000 eggs a year.
• For Your Xmas Shopping • Coty sets • Palmolive shave sets • Famous candies ... Martha Washington, Schraffts Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Hansell, ’37
“REST ASSURED” at HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblazer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
For EXPERIENCE—COMPLETE Representation
Bob Stecker Cary Club
Chas. Dangelmajor Theta Xi
Bunny Evans Alpha Xi Delta, WRH
Bob Adams Sigma Phi Epsilon
Damon Elder PIA, SCA
Jim Wolff Phi Kappa Psi
Chuck Hansen Cary Club ^
Chas. Bowman Acacia
Fred Elley Alpha Kappa Lambda
Bill Gephart Cary Club
Jim Lemon Phi Gamma Delta
Emmalitne Farrell PIA
Fred Apsey Cary Club
Fraternities Residence Halls
VOTE PROGRESSIVE
Sororities SCA. PIA' \
Vs
fiagst 4 -SfioJdA
Tuesday, December 17, 1940
ipuhdwL £xponsinL
Riveters Wrestle Honors From lU In AAU Mat Meet
Four Teams To Clash In WAA Semi-Finals
(Continued from page 1)
Cage Squad Faces
Winding up well out in front of all opposition, the Riveter wrestling team last Saturday evening walked off the floor with their first Midwest AAU mat championship. To them went a total of 16 points and permanent possession of the first place trophy. ^
The Hoosiers from downstate way, who were last year’s champs in the meet, were forced to run a poor second, and Ohio State came in third after losing the battle for second place by one point. These two teams pulled down 12 and 11 points, respectively. Indiana was also last year’s Big Ten champ and when Coach Claude Reeck’s boys succeeded in outpointing them last week-end it became evident that a major change in the Boilermaker mat status was in order.
f. /. Fiesenheiser
, , . CE ’30, has written a technical analysis of “Horizontal Force and Moments on Bridge Abutments and Retaining Walls” which appears in the November issue of Public Roads. Fiesenheiser is as-
sistant bridge engineer of the Public Roads Administi-ation, St. Paul, Minn.
Of the thirteen teams entered in the WAA intramural basketball tournament, four teams have emerged victorious and will battle in the semi-finals. These are North Hall team captained by Virginia Schakel; War’d I, headed by M. E. McKee; Ward II, led by Eva Williamson; and South Hall, captained ■y Grace Byrnes. 100 WAA Points To Winner W.'IA points are given for each intramural practice and the winning teams are awarded 100 points. Class practices start this week with class teams to be chosen at the end of the week. Girls making a class team will receive 100 points. Class teams will then play a tournament. a.r.w. I
gle his lineup once again because of the absence of Frosty Sprowl. Sprowl, who submitted to a tonsilectomy Saturday, was reported in good condition and was released from the hospital yesterday afternoon. However, he will be unable to play in the next three games. Captain Bob Igney and elastic Don Blanken will probably start at the forward posts, with Mickey Tiei’ney and sophomore “Horse” Riley slated to man the guard positions. Lambert is undecided as to his pivot man, but either Ben Kor-
schot or Bill Nuetzel is expected to draw the nod. Seaborg Breaks Hand Another casualty was placed on the list along with Sprowl as Warren Seaborg, sophomore from South Bend, came out of Saturday’s practice with a broken.hand. He will be
lost to the team for several weeks. The Riveters tapered off last night with a short practice session. They ran set plays for a while, then switched to a fast-break drill. The workout, which was directed by Mel Taube, was concluded with some work on foul shooting, e.c.y.
Delta Upsilon
Fourth Year This is but the fourth year that the Riveters have had an intercollegiate wrestling team. When Coach Reeck first came here four years ago there had not been a mat team on the campus for over a decade. Since then the team has slowly been gaining in strength and now bids to become a power in intercollegiate circles. The preponderance of Riveter power in the meet is evidenced by the fact that out of 16 possibilities, six men from hei’e fought in the finals. Casey Fredericks, co-captain along with John Papurca, had the very dubious honor of being forced to defeat by one of his own men in the 121 pound class. Riveter freshman Mickey McDonald. Foster Wins The five points from this win ' were doubled in the 136 pound class by Jack Foster’s victory over Hoosier Ben Wilson, last year’s AAU and Big Ten champion. Frank Ruggieri of the Riveters lost to Ohio State’s George Downe in the heavyweight division, but helped to swell the Boilermaker total with the three points earned for second place. One of the best matches of the meet was put on by Riveter frosh Warren Gregory and Tony Montanaro of Ohio State when the Buckeye beat Gregory in the last minute of their bout. Warren got to the finals the hard way since he had to take on_an Indiana varsity wrestler first. Six Boilermaker mat freshmen were state champions in their high school days and of these, four were captains of their school teams, j.s.k.
Kappa Kappa
Boxing
Riveter Squashmen Conquer Opposing Racqueteer Teams
. . . Gamma bowling team defeated the Wood Hall bowling team by 8 points in the first games of the Women’s Bowling Tournament Tuesday night, with a total score of 1979 to 1971.
. . . Coach Joe Benna has announced that new additions to his boxing squad would be welcomed. This is a fine opportunity for men interested in boxing to learn the manly art of self defense under the direction of a very competent coaching staff, w.h.h.
. . . social fraternity, chose the following officers at its semi-annual election yesterday afternoon: Frank Stenberg, president; Jim Fletcher, vice-president; Jack Chester, recording secretary; Jim Thomas, coi-responding secretary, and Robert McKee, alumni secretary. Newly-elected board members were John Switzer, Don Ward, Glen Smith and Roscoe Starek.
Artistic Lines—Graceful Curves Fascinating Individuality! FAltH QUALITY LADIES’ RINGS have a charm all their own — fashioned by expert craftsmen. Come and see our display of latest creations in finger bands.
GERRY MOHLAAAN
Lafayette 434 Main Street
West Lafayfbtte 308 State Street
Authorized Faith Jewelers
After invading the Windy City Saturday afternoon for two squash matches, the Boilermaker racqueteers returned with two more victories to add to their record. These two matches were played within five hours of each other and not a point was scored against the Boilermakers. The first match was against the Evanston YMCA and was played in the afternoon, while the second match against the University of Chicago was run off that night. In the first of these meets, Boilermakers MacMillan, Mann, and Adams defeated their opponents, 3-2, in all of their respective matches. Goldstein and Kalbfleisch won their respective matches by scores of 3-0.' Two Shutouts Against the University of Chicago that night Boilermakers Kalbfleisch and Goldstein played two matches against different opponents, winning each time by a score of 3-0. Mann also won his match, 3-0, while MacMillan and Adams took their matches by identical scores of 3-0. The Evanston meet was won by a 5-0 margin. The Chicago meet was won by a 7-0 score. Although several meets are in consideration, the schedule has not as yet been approved. The next meet will be announced as soon as it is decided upon, w.h.h.
Qm/sen.
(/ SHU
HIRTS
An ideal Christmas gift for him in white or patterned.
Free monograming (new style) on all Jayson shirts.
Joan Doyle and Jeanne Schoonover are members of Prof. Cora B. Hennel’s algebra class at Indiana university. In 1913 their mothers were algebra classmates under the same instructor.
Priced at $2-®®
looMAiN sr.
ooniis SHOP INC.
mn
Men travel far and wide and still do not find a more convenient shaving kit than the one designed by LENTH^RIG* in a choice of black or brown genuine cowhide. Fitted with After-Shave Lotion, travel size tube of Lather Shaving Cream, and After-Shave Powder in ivory-toned plastic—all held firmly in place by leather straps and protected from buffeting by leather flaps.
A gift to please the man who travels I Especially priced at $2.75
Toiletries
Street Floor
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St, Phone 5701
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
Dr. A. M. IRION MNnST 119 Vi Northwestern Av*. Phone 4965
• Jewelers
• Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
As
IHI