Emanuel Peuermann, who on his first American tour last season was pronounced by leading music critics to be one of the greatest 'cellists of all time, will come here for al recital Thursday night. With Poldi Mildner, 19 year old girl piano virtuoso, he will present the final musical convocation of the year in Eliza Fowler Hall. The concert will start at 8 o’clock. Peuermann, Austrian by birth, made his debut when only eleven years old with the Vienna Symphony Orchestra under Felix Weingartner and is still in his early thirties. When only sixteen he was nailed to a professorship at the ■Conservatory of Music in Cologne. From there he went to head the nello department of the famous Berlin Hochschuler Fur Music and remained in that position until two years ago when he became a political exile.
New York Debut Peuermann was invited to make his New York debut last season as guest artist with the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra under Bruno Walter. This, along with ensuing recitals, established him firmly among American con-cert-goers. After a recent performance, the New York Times said, ^‘There are few 'cellists known to the public of this country who have Mr. Feuermann’s complete authority and virtuosity in performance/’ An equally brilliant musician is Miss Mildner, also Austrian, who was engaged to play with the Vienna Symphony Orchestra. When she was only three years old, she would sit in the window of her Viennese home for hours waiting the daily visit of the organ-grind-ers. During the five years preceding her American debut, Miss Mildner toured Europe and gave concerts in Germany, Holland, Italy, Roumania, France, Switzerland, and some of the Balkans. On her American visits, the young lady receives quantities of fan mail, including many proposals of marriage. The latter her mother throws away, but she cordially answers all other correspondence.
Sharp Breezes
Force Boilers
To Capacity
Emanuel Feuermahn, Austrian 'cellist, will appear here for the allUniversity convocation Thursday night.
AIEEToHear S. S. Green
Will Explaiii Meter Development '
S. S. Green, vice president and chief engineer of the Duncan Meter Company, of Lafayette, will speak before the. student chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 254 of the Electi'ical Engineering Building. After graduating from the University, where he was an outstanding student and prominent in student activities, he was employed by the Westinghouse Company, where he became one qf B. G. Lamme’s assistants. Since then he has worked with many other companies^ including the Public Service Company of In^ diana, where he became interested in metering. He will talk on “Recent Developments in Watt-Hour Meters”.,
Rabbi Speaks At Convo
500 Hear Cleveland Religioiis Leader . .
“If people think with a minimum of passion and act with a maximum
of restraint, the mental and emo-
Slippery sidewalks and .zero weather hold no terrors for Paul “Red Streak’^ Hannah, University Student, who ran eight blocks in bare feet last night in order to win a five dollar bet. Nine students at 133 South Grant Street made up the five dollars and bet Hannah that he would not run four blocks to Deac’s, wiggle the dor knob and then run back all unshod. “Red Streak” jerked off his shoes and socks and ilegotiated the eight full blocks, a circuitious route having been chosen to make up the. distance. Arriving back to hiS residence he soaked his feet in cold water, and later reported that his feet seemed none the worse for their “barefoot derby” and that he inT tended to attend his “eight o’clock” this morning. A sophomore in the school of agriculture, described by the losing bettors as “a tough farmer boy from Swayzee, Ind.”, Hannah said that he intends to use part of the five dollars to buy wool socks.
Emrick' Names Band Officers
J. H. AlBrittoe Selected As Captain
Dr. A; A. Potter, dean of the engineering schools, makes a plea for financial assistanOe in the February issue of the Purdue Alumnus, which has just been published. In his article on page two entitled “Is Yoiur Alma Mater Emerging From the Depression?” Dean Potter states that the engineering schools are hot adequately equipped to teach the 2700 students now enrolled, and he asks the alumni to help place the school back in a decent financial position. . Following Dean Potter’s important summary of the engineering schols. Ward “Piggy” Lambert and the things that his boys are doing are written into a two page story by Bob Woodworth, University athletic publicity director. The article includes a picture of Purdue’s noted hardwood mentor.
After a brief respite with southern breezes and thawing snow the air took on a sharp tone yesterday noOn. The third cold wave in as many weeks has moved from the west. Winslow, 111., a settlement of 350 people was cut off completely by drifts as high as telephone posts. The campus resembled the Florida Everglades Sunday and today there are potential skating rinks in front of every "^building. Since early in January three boilers have been going full blast in the power house with a fourth kept under banked fire for emergency. Coal Record January 16, the Thursday after the first big blizzard, 128 tons of coal, an all-tinie high, were consumed by the boilers according to C. D. Bushnell, head of the physical plant. There are six self-stoking fuel eaters in the power house capable of putting out 3,300 boiler horse power. During winter two 647 horse power boilers are kept up aU the time. Average winter consumption is between 100 and 112 tons. This goes down to around 22 tons in the summer. At present there are only 1000 tons of coal in the yard, a rather low figure, says Mr. Bushnell. Coal Consumption He further stated that the power plant days are measured from mid (Continued on page 4)
tional balance of the world can be regained,” declared Rabbi Abba H. Silver, eminent Jewish leader of the Temple, Cleveland, Ohio, at the religious convocation. Sunday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Rabbi Silver discussed “Some Abberations of Our Day” before approximately 500 students and faculty members. The submergence of human life to any plan devised by an autocratic leader or party in power was strongly einphasized by the speaker. This point was vividly illustrated by a quotation from Mussolini, “Beyond thb state—nothing”. Political leaders only think of the principle instead of the different individuals,” Rabbi stated. Propaganda “Truth has been nationalized,” he said, using Germany and its Nazi control of the press as an exapiple. “Propaganda is an art of systematically undermining the mhids of men. Propaganda is replacing education.” “Nationality means that every nation has the right to achieve ambitions legitimately; while nationalism means any nation has the right to achieve ambitions whether the way be legitimate or not. Nationalism is steadily increasing,” the Rabbi declared. Abberations “Some abberations of our day are the sanctified Whlessness and exalted violence; both of which are sacraments of political life. The values—honesty, loyalty, courage, and qthers are still good; but the tragedy is that people have lost sight of these, qualities and are worshipping false gods.” Looking into the future Rabbi Silver made a plea for peace, which he said the world cannot have without Leagues, World Courts, and some international law.
J. H. Albritton, senior pharmacist, has been named Captain and Military Gjfficer of the University Military and Symphonic Bands for the remainder of the year, according to a recent announcement by Prof. P. S. Emrick, band director. Albritton, from Paducah, Ky., is also a member of Reamer club. Appointments to other offices in the band include: 1st Lieut, and Band Adjutant, J. F. Spahr; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Librarian, H. Y. Hunsicker; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Publicity Officer, E. F. Kueck; ‘ 2nd Lieut, and Detail Officer, F. F. Smalley; 2nd Lieut, and Ass’t. Director and Concert Meister, D. C. Parsons; 2nd Lieut, and Personnel Officer, G. J. Easley; 2nd Lieut, and Supply Officer, K. B; McEachron; 2nd Lieut, and Assistant Military Officer, E. H. Stinebaugh. Other Officers Non-Commissioned officers appointed were: Staff Sergeant and Assistant Military Officer, C. P. Hall;. Staff Sergeant and Assistant Publicity Officer, 0. W. Miller; Staff Sergeant and Assistant Instructor of Bands, M. D. Rees; 1st Sergeant (top), in charge of all Details, P. E. Flebbe; Band Sergeant, in charge of Equipment Detail, G. E. McCullough; Band- Sergeant, in charge of Music Detail, C. G. Bigelow; Band Sergeant in charge of Chair and Rack Detail, J. C. Sanders; Band Sergeant, in charge of Quarters Detail, A. R. Johnson; Sergeant Drum Major, C. M. Jorgenson; Band Supply Sergeant, W. H. Deitch. Lance Corporal of the Equipment Detail, F. C. BaaSe; Lance Corporal of the Equipment Detail, P. H. Egli; Lance Corporal of the Chair and Rack Detail, 0. E. Dixon; Lance Corporal of the Quarters Detail, C. J. Camp; Lance Corporal of the Music Detail, J. W. McClain; Lance Corporal and Assistant to Supply Officer, F. W. Cornetet; Principal Field Trumpeter, C. A. Reichelderfer; First Field Trumpeter, H. N. McIntyre; Second Field Trumpeter, R. B. Newhouse.
Letter Also included in this issue is a letter of stratosphere flying from Major C. D. McAllister, '20, Which tells of the hazards, perils, and difficulties of the ultimate accomplishment of the fifteen year desire of Captain Stevens on his recent flight. The issue summarizes the appointment of Alfred Jones, C. E. '09, to his post as surveyor of Los Angeles Cormty, California, as well as an article about Miss Lillian G. Smith, second oldest living of the Boilermaker institution.
YWGAToGive Go-ed Concert
Pliblic invited to cal Friday Hight
Final preparations have been completed for the Y. W. C. A. Coed Concert which will, be given at 7:45 o’clock Friday evening in Eliza Fowler Hall, according to an announcement last night by Jayne Bennewitz, director of the presentation. Rehearsals for the program have been in progress for the past two weeks. The concert, the first of its kind ever planned by the Y. W. C. A., is open to the public and no admission will be charged.; The program will consist of piano solos by Mildred Rhodes and Sylvia Zussin, a harp duo by Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith, vocal solos by Ann Sims, vocal selections by the Friend trio, and harp solos by Jayne Bennewitz and Louise Smith. A detailed program will be announced later this week.
Although there were humerous cases of bruised elbows, shoulders, and other parts of the human anatomy reported to the Student Health Service yesterday, no bones were broken as a result of the slippery sidewalks. Seyeral students were sent to the hospital for X-ray examinations When they reported with badly bruised arms but their injuries were not serious enough to warrant hospital treaijnent. Only two auto accidents were reported in Lafayette, neither of them involving personal injury. The police also reported that a Lafay^ ette woman had fallen and fractured her hip. She was taken to the Home hospital.
ASCEToHear Dr. D. W. Meade Presidept Of , Society Speaks Toeiglit
Dr. Daniel W. Meade, recently elected president of the A. S. G. E., will address the local chapter in room 201 of the Civil Building tonight at 7:30 o’clock. He will talk on “Purdue and the American Society of.Civil Engineers”. Dr. Meade is a graduate of Cornell University, and a member of Phi Kappa Phi, Sigma Xi, Chi Ep-: silon, and Tau Beta Pi fraternities. He was first connected with the glacial division of the U. S. geological survey. Following this work, he was appointed city engineer of Rockford, 111., and later general manager of the Rockford Construction Company. Ability Because of his ability, he was chosen CGnsulting engineer for the Hydraulic Works of Chicago. After this he joined the U. of Wisconsin as professor of hydraulic and sanitary engineering. Dr. Meade was consultant, engineer for Miami Conservation district as well as acting chief engineer during the building of the foundation of Muscel Shoals Dam.
Of Iiidiaiia AP Bureau Will Speak Tomorrow Night At 7 s30
Cisne To Play For Pan Dance
Foster B. Hailey, head of the Indiana Associated Press Bureau, will address an open meeting of the University chapter of Sigma Delta chi tomorrow night, at 7:30 o'clock in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Hailey, who has a varied background in newspaper work, will speak on “Gathering and Disseminating NeWs of the World”. Foster Hailey has been With newspapers in New Orleans, Des Moines, Tampa, Miami, and New York. He was first connected with the Associated Press in 1927, when he served on general assignments, feature service department, and as assistant to the Associated Press sports editor. In one of the first tests of the airplane-ship radio telephone communication, Hailey interviewed the captain of the Leviathan when that ship was 600 miles at sea. Covered Lindbergh While on the aviation beat, he was assigned to cover the activities of Colonel Charles Linbergh. Among the coverage of other important events during his career was the trial of George McManus, for the murder of Arnold Rothstein, notorious gambler, as well as numerous important world championship prize fights. After serving for eighteen months in the navy during the World War, Hailey returned, to civilian life and graduated from the University of Missouri in 1924. Book Prize The freshman or sophomore who has written the most creditable article which has been published in the Purdue Exponent, Agriculturist, Pharmacist, or Engineer prior to January 31, will be presented with a selected book as a reward for his journalistic efforts at this meeting. The best article wiU be selected by a committee of actives and alumni of the local chapter of Sigma Delta Chi.
Dick Cisne and his orchestra from the University of Illinois are scheduled to play for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance, which is to be held Friday night in the Memorial Union Building. Cisne has appeared several times with his orchestra at various campus affairs and each time has been received with enthus-
Palmer To Speak Before Dairy Gliib
Clyde Byeri^ To Play For Mixer
Clyde Byers and his newly organized campus band will furnish the syncopation for the regular weekly mixer in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building Saturday night, according to an announcement by the Union yesterday. Byers, formerly one of the most popular campus band leaders, did not organize an orchestra at the beginning of the current school year. However, he recently organized a band and will be available for campus engagements in the future. I
George Palmer, manufacturing member of the Indiana Milk Control Board and operator of the Reliable Dairy, in South Bend, will talk at a meeting of the Dairy club tonight at 7:16 in Smith Hall. In his talk. Palmer plans to present and discuss problems that come before the board. The Milk Control Board has been doing considerable work with prices of dairy products in the state, and because of the fact that marketing plays an important role in the dairy industry, this meeting will probably be of interest to all dairy students. Open Meeting A special invitation has been extended to all winter khort course students to attend this meeting. Also, there is a possibility that Charles Smith, formerly associated with the Federal Marketing Administration, may be present to give a short talk.
Aiwioimces Election
Delta Sigma Lambda fraternity announces the election of the following officers: T. E, Kraner, president; A. M. Smith, vice president; W. T. F. Hooper, secretary; and J. L. DeMoss, treasurer.
Although the dance is closed except to co-^eds who are members of a Greek organization, any girl Who is affiliated with a natiohal sorority that does not have a chapter on this campus may get a ticket from Jean Adkins or Sara Schaaf, who have charge of arrangements for
Senior Library Contest Entries Due March 1
the dance.
The price of the tickets is $1.26, and they are on sale at the six sorority houses only.
Play shop Tryouts Set For Tomorrow
Tryouts for “Behold this Dreamer”, Playshop’s latest venture, will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. The play, written by Trenton Oursler and Aubry Kenneday, is to be given March 20 and 21, in Duncan Memorial Hall. A number of unusual character roles are offered by this sidesplitting comedy. All together, there is a cast of eleven, chief among whom is''‘Charlie^’, a dreamer, married to a prosaic wife and in-laws. The efforts of a misunderstanding family to straighten him out, and the salvation he finds, provide the mirth provoking situations in which he finds himself. Anyone complying with the eligibility rules of the Uinversity is eligible for the tryouts*
Seniors Wishing to enter a collection of books in the $100 William Holland Winterrowd library contest must have submitted a list of the boks in his collection to the chairman of the committee, Dr. H. L. Creek by March 1. The three best libi-ai'ies in the poinion of the faculty committee. Dr. Creek, Dean R. G. Dukes, and Prof. F; R. HaU, will be displayed in the University library. Members of the committee will make visits to the owners and discuss with them their books. The three libraries will be reexamined by the committee members and others whom they will choose to assist them. From these three will be selected the best library, and the owner will be awarded the prize at the annual Literary Banquet. Size Not Important The size or cost of the collection is not so important to the judges as familiarity of the owner with his books. Well-edited boks printed by responsible publishers are far more desirable than showy books made to sell rather than to be repd. The library - should contain books having to do With the owner’s inr terest, and a reasonably large perr centage of the books should have been purchased by the owner. Mr. Winterrowd, University alumnus of 1907, and a collector of books himself, particularly those of James Whitcomb Riley, first offered this prize last year. As a result of the interest in the contest, he agreed to make the event an annual one. (Continued on page 4)
Vtt,.I
Membar »t iJational CoHer* Preau Asaoclation, Big Ten ABBoclation Bxclnsi'aelj' Kepresented by National Adyertirins Service, Inc. 420 jgadiBon Avenne, Kaw Tork City Sntered as ascond class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana Deliver^ by H, $8 60 per year delivered by earner, |2 60 per year sold by single copy, 2 cents
Business Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Stadent PnWicatiom of Purdae UniTersity
Editor-in-Chief — Manasins Editor— Associate Editors. Sports Editor — _ Associate Sports Ekiitors Sophomore Assistants. C. Hariier,
Bold and Blsek Editor
BUrajaiAL STAFF „ „ __HV Heuser _ „ „ „C H. Campbell _ _ _.A. M. Chasteen, C M Hardin,
W T Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G WaJGier _ „ „ _ „ .N E Hays D F Mull, E. H Walpole L D Wood
. K A Barnette, J E Brock, E L. Cribb, A H Forster, Jr, M. Kohr, E, P Manion, D M. Meacham 0 1* ^ler
G F Eoquemore, E. C Schenck, J L VonHara
WK Abbott
Business Manas^r — Adyertisms Manager.. Advertising Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF „ . „ „ _ W A Koch " H. F Antonini L. H. Brown, E. Creek, D C Miller
Eklitor Associate Editors Sophomore Assistants Advertising Manager
WOMEN'S STAFF ,
_ _ .. Joyce Williams „ „ _ Helen Creech Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Jean Brown Jean Soehner Marjorie Louis,
Jeanne Janousek Dons McCartney Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Josephine Perkins
Tuesday, February 18, 1936.
Issue Editor—-A. H, Forster.
The Liquor Situation
More than two years after prohibition repeal went into effect, it is now time to stop and take stock of the effects of that repeal. Those who favored prohibition originally made many claims as to the improvements which would result under sudhi a system, but the bootlegger and the gangster, aided by the attitude of the people, disproved many of them. Repealists also offered extravagant claims, which we are now able to at least partly confirm or deny. Receipts from federal liquor taxes have surpassed expectations to date, confounding those who argued that they would never approach within hailing distance of the figures named by the so-called wets. Last year the government received $458,494,721 in tax payments, whicji was $83,923,283 more than in 1934, with tax rates remaining about the same. The per capita consumption of hard liquor in the United States was only 0.70 gallons last year, as compared with 1.25 just previous to the World War. This may seem to indicate that Americans are comparatively sober people, but not when compared with the liquor consumption of only 0.24 gallons per person in Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The tax receipts phase of the liquor question may be satisfactory, as is the virtual elimination of bootlegging, but one or two other things are not. The notable increase in drunken driving is not only a disgraceful reflection on the mentality of the nation, but is also a great contributing factor to the increase in automobile accidents and injuries resulting from them. The lack of uniformity in state laws is also a major problem to which no solution has as yet been presented. Some states have low tax rates to attract distilleries and breweries, while neighboring states may impose taxes bordering on the excessive. Take, for example, the conditions existing in Ohio and Kentucky. In the latter state, liquor is cheap, and many persons living in Ohio, where taxes are high and some brands unobtainable, purchase their liquid goods in Kentucky. The attempts of state officials to halt this practice by arresting and fining offenders when they cross the border have met with much opposition. A similar situation exists between New York and Massachusetts. Perhaps the next decade will alter some or all of these defects and advantages of repeal, but one thing is certain: the American people will never again embark on the perilous seas of prohibition.—W. T. H. ‘‘Know Your Government” In an effort to present to the student body a concise picture of the current political and economic problems which are confronting this country, there will appear in this column at regular intervals a new feature, headed, “Know Your Government”. On the suggestion of Dean A. A. Potter, head of engineering, and under the direction of Prof. Robert Phillips, students in government will contribute summaries of presentday issues. There has existed a standing complaint that students do not interest themselves in world affairs, and especially is this true of those who are involved in technical problems. These articles will be brief and to the point, and the duty of each students is two-fold: first to read, and second, to contribute, for it is only through contributed opinions that a true cross section can be presented.
Co-Operative Society (The Daffy Kansan) At a time when hairbram plans for social betterment, and crackpot schemes to uplift the proletariat can be had for nothing more than the asking, it is encouraging to come across an organization like the Consumer’s Co-operative Association. Here is a group with a practical plan to help the common man; a plan that is being carefully and unostentatiously put into effect, a plan that is more than theory. For nearly a century it has been used effectively in European countries, but Americans have only recently begun to realize its value. The Consumer’s Co-operation is based on the principle that no man has a right to profit unduly from the work of another. Through a system of organized groups the co-operative returns to the consumer the profit that now goes to the middle men and the big business men. Under this system democracy still prevtils, and competitive prices are not cut, but the benefits from work are more evenly and justly distributed among the people who deserve them. It is a plan to make the dollar go further—a great deal further. With fanatics shouting their “isms”, reactionaries bemoaning the “good old days”, and politicians threatening to strtighten things out our social system, but only threatening, it would be well for John Public to turn his attention to the Co-ops. They offer just what the old boy is looking for; an improved system of living
Honest, teacher, I wasn’t cheatin’, I was just responding to stimuli.
Girls are the queerest things They really can’t be solved First a pm and then some rings— That’s how one gets involved. I’ve tried my best to understand Just why they’re as they are I found out too—^but it’s been banned From Bold and Black so far. . . . —Dick Bunn. A solution, Dan Dunn, would be worth a dozen passes. The idea’s good though and we’ll raise the ban—^now! A Winchell Junioi has submitted the following copy The TKE Union show did have one engineer in it, even though they had to Call foi her at the Alphazee house Fairy story—such stuff. With McCandless handling the band situation, rumor has it that “Louie’s Hungry Five” will furnish the music for Piom Special notice for Gould, Beggs, and Brayton Hiring the “Hungry Five” should leave plenty foi flow ers and things Little Lil IS beginning to worry and look for that Phi Psi badge she put on the shelf now that the Williams IS being transferred to Chicago. What’s the difference between Frankie Ford and any other Ford’ Hughes can get some place with any other Ford. Now that the farmers have taken over Prom, we are looking forward to having a “Barn Dance” I wonder if maestro Jones and Lommel are on the “outs’” Bill looks terribly haggard these days
Dr. K. Lark-Horoyitz, h^d of the physics department, will leave for Philadelphia today to lecture before the Franklin Institute there. He plans to visit the new research laboratory of the Franklin Institute and the Bartol Research Foundation while in Philadelphia Dr Lark-Horovitz will attend the meeting of the American Physical Society in New York City on Friday and Saturday. Next Monday he is scheduled to visiL the Bell Telephone Laboratories, and on Wednesday he will lecture before the Washington Colloquim, which is a joint meeting of the physicists of the different scientific institutions. These include the Bureau of Standards, Carnegie Institute, the Smithsonian Institute, and George Washington University On February 27th he is to visit the Carnegie Institution Nuclear Physics laboratories and then lecture at the Physics Seminar at the John Hopkins University the same evening He will return to Lafayette February 29
Prominent Grad To Talk Over CBS Dr. O H. Caldwell, 1908 Univeisity electrical engineering graduate, will be heard over the Columbia Broadcasting System at 9 "46 tomorrow evening in one of a series of talks on “Broadcasting and the American Public” The series began Friday with Postmaster General Farley as the first speaker Saturday night Commissioner G H. Payne, of the Federal Communications Commission spoke, last night, David Lawrence, Washington newspaper man, spoke, and William Green, president of the American Federation of Labor, will be the concluding speaker at the same time February 21. Dr. Caldwell, who was formerly a Federal Radio Commissioner, is now editor of “Radio Today”. He has chosen as his topic, “The Radio Industry—Its Present Magnitude and Future Possibilities”.
Plan Display Of German Automobile A new Mercedes-Benz four cylinder automobile, which now made by these firms which have joined as one corporation in Germany, will be on display from 4 to 9 o’clock tomorrow evening in the laboratory of the Mechanical Engineering building, it was announced yesterday by Prof H M JackIm, in charge of automotive work The car has the engine mounted in the rear instead of in front, and has many other interesting features in connection with its construction The four four wheels also are suspended independehtly, another new feature in automotive design Besides the actual display of the car, a gallery of drawings showing the car of the future, starting in 1946, will be on display along with a number of drawings by University students enrolled m the automotive courses Here Now The car which was brough here through the courtesy of E C Hoffman, M E, ’ll, head of the R C Hoffman Motor Development Company of Detroit, Mich, will be left during the entire semester. It came a few days ago and has attracted so much atention and brought so many inqmries that the “open house” feature was decided upon by the student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers, which IS in charge of the event
Women’s Club To See Marionette Show Today “Un Voyage dans un Sabot Blanc”, a French marionette show, will be presented by Mr. and Mrs Durland Patterson today at 2 30 o’clock at a meeting of the French section of the Purdue Women’s club in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memoiial Union Building. Any members of the Women’s club interested may attend.
Ross Will Address Indianapolis Alumni David E Ross, president of the University board of trustees, wilf speak Thursday evening at the Hotel Severin in Indianapolis, on “Some Recent Developments at Purdue”.
Prof o Haselton To Speak At Bloomington Today Prof Helen Hazelton, of the women’s physical education department, will go to Bloomington today to speak to the Indiana University Women’s Athletic Association She will give a report on the conference on Women’s Athletics, held during the Christmas holidays, at Barnard College, New York City Professor Hazelton was chairman of the conf ei ence
R. B. Zumstein Will Speak To Foresters R B Zumstein, of the University biology department, will speak to the forestry club tonight on “Woods and Rubber in the Malay Peninsula ” Plans are being made for the forestry club banquet, to be held on March 17 The details will be announced soon
Indiana Wins, 37»23 Indiana’s netmen defeated Michigan last night at Bloomington by a score of 37 to 23
ICE SKATES SHARPENED Hollow Ground 25c Pair F. JOS. MULHAUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N 5th St.
After Others Fail Try QUILLAR T. SMITH The Podiatrist and Toe Trimmer Phone 7727 Eesidence 36781 “Lmip in and walk out” Office Hours 8 30 AM.to6 00 PM Sundays by appointment 662 Main Street LAFAYETTE
M
5 YEARS iVM&l ILIIC HlIlL CONOUCTEO -m SACRAfSjTO NORIHERM^ECIALTRAIN WHICH DAItV 8RIN6S STVOEMTS TO ST comm AT M0RAGA,CAL toRRVE YEARS HULL SPEPlT THE DAILY IWRS WM 9AWnD3PM IM EASY RELAKATION in lOM- "SUr AWAKEfCD ID A GOLDEN OPPOKIUNITY, ASKED PER- jl MISSION To ENROLL AS A SPECIAL J > STUDENT, m\> STARTED TO OB/OTE m' UY-OMER HOURS TO CLA5S WORK AND STUDY. TODAY HE RANKS ON THE HIGHEST HONOR ROLL WTTH A BT AVERAGE and has refused SB/ERAL PRDNlOfiOKK FROM HIS ROAD IN ORDER TO COM—'—v HIS EDUCATION' m NOT LimE SHADOW^ I USED TO BE'
• * BUCKSWr In 1930 OOIXEGE FRATERNITIES OWNED HCfes mxm AT OVER Ml,
»ACP
NUMBER OF JUNIOR OXIB&ES IN THE U S HAS INCREASED FR<m 25 HFSESM YEARS AGO TO APPROXIWIATEIY 600 TODAY/
LINC® Super Service TRY IJS
EDDIE YUILL
BAY WOOD
Dean Stratton Attends St. Louis Conference Dean Dorothy C Stiatton left yesterday foi St Louis where she will take part in a conference of the deans of women of the United States Others attending from the University are Miss Helen B Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Hall, and Di Harriett E O’Shea, who will present a paper on “The Development of Organization and Administration of College Personnel Systems” at a conference of the American College Per sonnel Association Dean Helen Moreland, dean of women at the New York State Teachei’s College, Albany, N Y, who has been spending the week end as the guest of Dr O’Shea, Will also attend the conference
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Py ke-W erkhoff Compamy Phone 3882
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This IS all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry SL Opposi?e New Post OflBce
Learn to Dance By Enrolling; in Our New Beginner’s Class For Ladies and Gentlemen Wed, Feb 19, 7 00 p. m. Adnlt Beginner’s Tap WED FEB 19, 8 30 p m Phone 2150 ALLEN^S 6th & Ferry
if a Saudwich a Urlnk then a CHOP STEAK .. 10c a(/the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Family
TODAY WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FI;ATURE ] FRESHMAN
with Warren HULL Patricia ELLIS Frank Me HUGH Beo E. STONE NickPORAN MarHREEN ANI)mrBrot.nctira and Paul lt®bes©ii
in
“Sato of tte inr”
The thinklngr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
ARC TODAY and WEDNESDAY
SHOOTS
also NORMAN POSTER FLORENCE RICE in Escape from ievils’ Islaiiit f
i •HlJ ,
VI
The jPuEtJUE ExeoneI^t
Okid Feiicers Defeat Beilennakers, lO-ir, tn Faculty Gym Marked supdriority in the saher and a slight edge in the foils gftve Ohio State’s fencing squad a 10 to 7 match victory over Purdue in a Big Ten fencing meet that came to a close in the wee small hours Sunday morning. The meet, which was held in the faculty practice gym, was delayed until the close of the Purdue - Northwestern basketball game Saturday night. The Buckeyes started off with a fast start, as Craig, Ohio State’s star foil man, made a clean sweep of his three bouts, and the Buckeyes came out on top in the foils division, 5 to 4. The epee matches were dived evenly, each side taking two matches. However, this was as far as the Boilermakers could go. Loss of Seaborg, Boilermaker saber star, cut down Purdue^s chances in this weapon, Ohio State taking three out of the four bouts.
. , ^ BoUermakers Defeat Wfldcat Five, 31-27
Eighth Straight Victory Gives Team Undisputed Lead In Big Ten As Indiana Lose^
By Bob Walpole
Purdue’s fast-stepping netmen, held back A late Northwestern rally Saturday night in the Jefferson high scliool gymnasium to defeat the Wildcats, 31 to 27, for their eighth straight victory. Captain Bob Kessler put the game on ice for the Boilermakers with a last minute field goal with three
seconds of play remaining.
Drake Gets
Award
Elgin
John Drake, Purdue’s brilliant fullback of the past two gridiron seasons, has received a gold wrist watch, signifying his selection in a nation-wide radio poll as fullback on an honorary Mid-western AllAmerican football eleven. The poll was conducted by the Elgin National Watch Co., which made similar awards to players elected to teams selected in the east, south, midwest and west. The presentation of the award to Drake was made here by Lodde’s Jewelry Store, local agent. A brilliant ball carrier in his own right, who has averaged in the neighborhood of four yards a crack on running plays from scrimmage, Drake’s greatest forte has been his relentless tackling on defense. The radio vote which led to his selection on the honor eleven was conducted by Hal Totten, well known sports broadcaster and commentator, during the weekly Elgin broadcasts. '
attt
To acquire a gay, easy feeling of nonchalance, it is necessary to know that you are well turned out. . . .
Before your next formal, call on the Arrow dealer and request an Arrow dress shirt, collar, tie, and handkerchief, and be assured of authentic, correct style to the last detail.
and TIES
We carry a full line of Arrow Shirts.
SOUTHWORTH’S
Both teams displayed fine defensive ball, but it was obvious that the Boilermakers were off their scoring stjide. Kessler collected four field goals and three charity tospes for an 11 point total to lead both teams in scoring honors. This increases Kesler’s total point for conference competition to an even hrmdred, four points less than Bill Haarlow, Maroon scoring ace who has played one more game than the high scoring Boilermaker captain. Capacity Crowd Northwestern’s last minute scoring spree threw a scare into the Boilermaker camp, and brought the capacity crowd to their feet. After Malaska’s and Young’s field goals, bringing the score to 27 to 16 in the Boilermaker favor, the Wildcats began hitting the basket. Nagode dropped one in from far out on the court followed by two pushups by Trinkle and Bender to brink the score up to 27 to 21. With three minutes to go the Old Gold and Black five took time out and Coach Lambert sent Malaska, Elliott and Lambert into the game to check the Wildcat rally. Young scored two free tosses on Trenkle’s personal foul, but Mercer, N. U. guard, added two more for his team by a long shot from the middle of the floor, followed by two successful shots by Nagode to bring the Wildcats within two points of the conference leaders. The game ended just after Bob Kessler dropped in one of his specialties, a left hand push-up from under the Purple baset. The final score was 31 to 27 in favor of the Boilermakers. Show Defensive Strength Although Purdue’s scoring efforts were somewhat subdued by the fine Wildcat defense, the Boilermaker defense men turned m one of their best games. Elliott, Lambert, and Malaska recovered most of the Wildcat shots off the backboard, and insisted that the Purple sharpshooters confine their effqrts to long shots. The Wildcats were successful in sinking eleven field goals in 76 attempts. Purdue’s record, although not up to the standard of the past few games, was better than the Wildcat showing. Purdue scored 10 times from the floor in 54 tries, while Kessler sank four basets in 10 shots for a percentage of
.400.
Although Indiana dropped their first game of the conference season to Ohio State Saturday night, Purdue" must win the rest of their scheduled games to keep on top of the Big Ten heap. The Boilermakers have four remaining games to play, two at home and two on the road. Saturday night the Old Gold and Black netmen face the Wildcats in a return game ei the Wildcat home floor. Following the N. U, game, they meet Minnesota here on Monday night, then Iowa plays here a week from Saturday. A week after that the Boilermakers close their Big Ten schedule with a return game at Michigan, when the Wolverines will play host to the local
five.
Kes Scores Two The game started out rather slow with both teams demonstrating exceptional defensive ability. Kessler accounted for the first two field goals of the game, but it was after Northwestern took time out at the five minute mark. At the end of ten minutes the score was 7 to 3 in the local favor, and only 11 to 5 at the firteen minute mark. Lambert
Mermen Win Over DePauw
LaBree’s Swimmers Score 56-26 Victory In Memorial Pool
Wards 2,4 Will Battle For Net Title Tonight Ward 2 and Ward 4 will battle out the ward basketball championship tonight in the gym. For Ward 2 team it is a case of winning the championship; for Ward 4 it is a case of staying in the tournament. As usual this tottmey was run off in two brackets, a high and low division. Winners wtgnt to the upper
Purdue Places Third In Meet At Northwestern
Coach Larry LaBree’s mermen easily splashed out a 56 to 26 victory over DePauw University’s tankmen in the Memorial Gymnasium pool Saturday afternoon. Captain Paul Vernor and Ed Closson tied for high point honors of the meet, each with two wins. Vernor took first places in the 60 and 100 yard dashes, while Closson was winning the 220 and 440 free style events. Purdue won first places in every event to sink their rivals in the wake. The summary of events is as fol-
lows:
400 yard relay—^Won by Purdue. Time: 4:28. 200 yard breast stroke—^Won by Van Delester (P); Smith (D) second . Johnson (D) third. Time:
2:62.2.
160 yard back stroke—^Won by Kerber (P); Smith (D) second; Berry (D) third. Time: 1:52.2. 60 yard free style—^Won by Vernor (P); Voyles (D) second; Stewart (P) third. Time: :31.8. 440 yard dash—^Won by Closson (P); Morgan (D) second. Time:
6:42.1.
100 yard free style—^Won by Ver•r (P); Stewart (P) second;
bracket and losers to the low. After two losses, teams were dropped from the tourney completely. Ward 2 and Ward 4 are the only two teams that have not been eliminated along the route. However, Ward 2, managed by W. C. Barchelt, has the edge in that they have lost no games and can lose tonight’s game and still be in the tourney. Ward 4, managed by L. Louis, has already lost one game and another defeat would make Ward 2 the undisputed champions
of the independents.
Green Potters To Elect Officers
Green Potters will hold a meeting in the reception romo of the Union tomorrow night at 7:30 for the purpose of electing permanent ofiicers and adopting the constitution which will make them a permanent student group. The constitution was recently adopted by the faculty and student Senate in their last meeting. All freshmen will have a vote in the election and are urged to be present. One hundred will constitute a quorum for the election. There will be ten nominations taken from the floor to be voted on. All other club business will be taken up immediately after the election.
Purdue’s track team finished third in the triangular meet with Wisconsin and Northwestern at the Patten field house in Evanston last Saturday night with a total of 23 2/5 points. Wisconsin, winning first place in six out of ten events and placing in all but one, won the meet with 69 2/6 points, and Northwestern finished second with 451 /6
points.
Claude Moore, co-captain with Glenndenning, was unable to run in the meet Saturday night which put the Boilermakers under a handicap in the beginning. It is uncertain as to how soon Moore will be recovered enough from his leg injury to be able to run with his teammates. With two weeks rest the Boilermakers hope to be able to give Chicago some stiff competition in a dual meet with the Chicago track team on Feb. 29 at the Uinversity
of Chicago.
Eesults of Saturday’s meet: Two-Mile Relay—^Won by Northwestern
(Olson, Kanmanns, Heg, Fleming); Purdue, second; Wisconsin, third, lime; 8:16.6.
Shot Put—^Won by Christianson, Wis-
consin (44 feet 9% inches) ; Carter, Northwestern, second (43 feet 3% Inches) ; Rot-
ter, Wisconsin (42 feet 3% inches). Pole Vault—Won by Haller, Wisconsin
(13 feet 1% inches) ; Schariff, Wisconsin, second (12 feet 6 inches) ; tied for fourth, Parker and Mardough, Wisconsin (12 feet).
One Mile Run—^Won by Penke, Wiscon-
sin; Goory, Purdue, second; Bastien, Wisconsin, third, Cooke, Wisconsin, fourth.
Time, 4:81.7.
40-Yard High Hurdles—Won by Stenwe, Wisconsin; Carter, Northwestern, second; Schilling, Purdue, third; Willison, Wiscon
sin, fourth. Time, :05.6.
40-Yard Dash—Won by Hnsley, Northwestern; Delaney, Northwestern, second; Stalcup, Purdue, third; Krasno, North'
western, fourth. Time, :04.6.
_ Two-Mile Bun—"Won by Fense, Wisconsin ; Ruenzel, Wisconsin, second; Janos, Purdue, third; Goory, Purdue, fourth. Time
10.04.
40-Yard Low Hurdles—Won by McGuire, Northwestern; Steuwe, Wisconsin, second; Exum, Wisconsin, third; Lemen, Purdue,
fourth. Time, :05.2.
High Jump—Won by Weichmann, Wis(6 fe^) ; McGuire, Northwestern;
Eeserved aoat tiekete f«r dbte’s two remaining hmm Imskel-, ball games, with Minnesota Mond^Y night and Iowa a week from Batter-^ day night, have been placed on sain over the eotmter for the convenience of local fans at Decker’s itt Lafayette, and Deac’s and Sontliworth’s in West Lafayette, in addition to the Pordne ticket office, it was annotmced last night by Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. A brisk demand has already developed for tickets for both games, and with any break in the weather which Will make the roads passable, Doan is anticipating a heavy increase in the mail order demand. Doan also announced that a limited supply of reserved seats for the Purdne-Northwestem game at Evanston on Saturday night are now available at the Purdue ticket oifice.
■f >
-f -f V- V- -f t ♦ BASKETBALL ■f ^ ^ ^ v- >
Today Court 1, Scrivnor 7:00—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon “B”. 7:16—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Mu “B”. Court 2, Hntt 7:00—Sigma Chi vs. Beta Theta Pi «B”. 7:16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta "A”. ^ Court 3, Fields 7:00—^Theta Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha “A”. 7:16—^PM Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta "A”.
Pech, Wiseonain, tied for second (5 feet 8
inches).
One Mile Relay—Won by Northwestern (Ensley, Kanmanns, Fleming, Heg); Wis-
Lemen and Williamson, Purdue; Abel and| consin, second; Pnr^. third.’Hme, 3.29.7,
Vogles (D) and Heil (D) tied for third. Time; :66.5: Dives—^Won by Barnes (P); Pullman, (D) second; Ross (D) third. 220 yard free style—on by Closson (P); Wallace (P) second; Voyles (D) third. Time: 2:33.4. Medley relay—^Won by Purdue (Kerber, VanDelester, Whitcomb). DePauw second. Time: 3:29.8.
WAA Lowers Basketball Practice Meqiiireiiieiits
Girls interested in playing intramural basketball still have the opportunity to get in the required number of practices. The number necessary for participation has been lowered to two practices. There will be a practice period this afternoon and Thursday afternoon from 4 to 4:46 and from 4:46 to 5:30 o’clock. About 60 girls were out for the two practices held last week. Miss Veronica Brady, physical education instructor, has been demonstrating basketball technique. The tourney will begin next week although the schedule of games is still incomplete.
scored on a brilliant Boilermaker passing play, Kessler dropped in a tally, Trenkle scored a free toss, followed by a long shot by Smith, the Wildcat center, to bring the score to 16 to 8. Kessler ended the scoring in the first half by dropping in one of two charity tosses on Bender’s foul. The score at half time was 16 to 8. Purdue (31) FG Kessler, f 4 Young, f 1 Sines, f 0 Elliott, c 0 Seward, c 0 Malaska, g 2 Lambert, g 1 Downey, g 2
Smith, g.
... .0
We carry an excellent selection of fine
Arrow Shirts
Dewenter's
418 Main
Lafayette
Totals 10 Northwestern (27) FG McMichaels, f 2 Trenkle, f 2 Blume, f .. .. .1 Smith, c 2 Nagode, c 2 Bender, g 0 Vance, g 0 Mercer, g ... .2
16
Totals 11 Free throws missed—Kessler, 7; Elliott; Lambert, 2; McMichaels; Blume; Trenkle; Smith; Mercer. Referee—-Frank Lane (Cihcinnatii). Umpire—Dick Bray (Xayier).
Th@ Saga of Progress
In the pioneer days, when a man desired anything he had to go out in quest of it to satisfy his wants.
The modern way is by use of classified advertising. You can get results in the Purdue Exponent at the low cost of 2c per word.
ADVERTISE
in
The Purdue Exponent'' *' “I"'
' r ‘1^
The PtJRDtTiE Exponent
Cbssified Ads.
i
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Show Choruses—^The following meniberB of” the choruses Will meet in thh ballroom at 4: Gibbs, Hayes, Hunter, oJnes, Lennox, Little, MdOarl, Mohnson, Peters, Soehner,’ Stewart, Crary, Skinner, Stebkel, Herman, Smith, Coddingrton, Fowler, Marten, Putze, Euth, Schlundt, Snyder, Walpole, Wright, Helm, Wiegandt, Scatterday, McWilliams, Scholle, Buck.
Lost—& E Log Log Trig Scale ’ Slide Rule. Call Bill Bendell, 6734. For Sale—Basic students military boots, size 11, like new. Call Williamson, 3716.
Uidon Workers—The following members of my committee will meet in the sub-base-ment at 4: Conway, Putze, Simonton, Bills, Brown, Cross, Schaffer, Craig Suardi, Poor, Markel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton. —PUGH.
Union Workers—^These members of my committee meet in the Union office at 4; Stallings, Marshall, MueUer, Erans, Wantland, Blank, Linville, Vogl, Chapin, Perins. Best, Pyke, Trueblood. —SHOEMAKER.
Warm Room—^for two students with single beds. $8.00 per month, per student. Phone 2326.
Lutheran Students—Important meeting in Union ballroom tonight at 7:80. —BRUNNER.
Conducting Class—First meeting will be held today in University Hall at 3. —STEWART.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Senior Co-eds—Marital lecture for tonight has been postponed indefinitely. —HALL. W. A. A. Basketball—^Practice today. 44:46 and 4:45-6:80. —CHARLES.
Sophomore Military Students—Eramination for removal of C grades in military 3, motors, will be held in room 106, Armory at 4 p. m. March 10, 1936. —HAYFORD.
Residence Committee—Meeting today at 4 in W. S. G. A. office. —DIMMICK.
Archers—The Purdue Archery club will meet 7 tonight in the Women’s Gym. Those interested in archery are urged to attend. —LEE.
Practical Mechanics—Monday and Tuesday afternoons at 4 a series of educational films will be shown in room 101, Michael Golden Shops. —HOFFMAN. Dairy Club—Meeting tonight at 7 :16 in Smith Hall. All short course students are invited. —GARDNER.
Walford Accepts New Position Stephen M. Walford, assistant extension poultryman at the University for the past Six and onehalf years, has resigned his position to accept a post as flock supervisor 'ior the Hall Bros. Hatch^y at Wallingford, Conn., it was announced last night. Walford has already left to assume his new duties, in which he will have shpervision of the flocks of one of the largest commercial hatcheries in the country. The Hall Bros. Hatchery is of 760,000 egg capacity, and produces nearly 3,000,000 baby chicks per year. The hatchery specializes in cross-bred chicks, a field in which it has been the pioneer. Walford first came to the University as an inspector eight years ago, when the work was first started, and was later appointed assistant extension poultryman covering the four southern Indiana county agent districts.
Radio Chorus—Important rehearsal today at 4 p. m. in University Hall. •—COX.
Kappa Delta $1.50 dues.
Pi—Meeting at 7. Bring -^ROBBINS.
P. I. A. Chorus—Rehearsal tonight at 7 in the tower room. —WHITE.
Mortar Board—Meeting at 5 today in W. S. G. A. office. Important. —LUSTIG.
Forestry Club—Meeting at 7 tonight in room 109, Hort Building. < —WILLIAMSON.
Glider dub—^Important special meeting in room 108, Mechanical Building at 4 today, to vote on towcax. —WOOD.
Co-ed Fencing—7:00, Timberlake Reed, Meguiar, Abbott, Jones, Gray, Riechers, Wetzel, Eastbum, Parks, Heywood, Maier. 7:46, VTiite, Means, McCool, Tubbs, Hawkins, Stewart, Pittman, Craig, Wiley, Roe, Kernel, Rose, Venemann, Coil, Beko, Hoagland, Knapp, Blach^t, Hague, Turner. 8 :30, Klien, Nelson, B4ilke, Umphreys, Hudson, Boehm, Pflughaupt, Shoffer, Bosco, Blank, Nichols, Cameron, Zussin, Harry, Caldwell, Whittington, Stair, Halstead, Eogei’s, Bauer. —HADLEY.
Engineers—Meeting, of all engineering honorary banquet committee at 4 today in the Union. —SISSELLE.
Show Chorus—The following members of chorus number- 1 will meet in the tower room at 4: Leuther, Kernal, Bain, Crossman, 'Hubler, Wood, Timberlake, 'Turner, Josselyn, Easthaven, Best, Jones, Fearherley. —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—My sophomore committee meet in the sub-basement at 4. —OHAVER.
Union Workers—The members of my committee will meet in the sub-basement at 4. —JUMP.
Young enough to be theoretical; enough to be practical. RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNEE
FRESHMAN STAFFS Jump—Margaret Douglass, June Stewart, Carolyn Houk, Norma Malcolm, W. C. Kessler, J. W. Mackie, J. Taylor, A. W. Stauder, L. A Jacobson, L. E. Troutman, A. Taylor. Shoemaker—Katherine Schroeder, Nellie Cameron, Marietta Krieghaumm, Gertrude Scheindt, R. C. Zimmer, W. A. Bates, E. M. Craft, T. Gabouargi, R. L. Anderson, R. L. Mansfield, H. Peck. Quiggle—Kate Busard, Kathryn Means, Rita Deerr, Marjorie Blocker, Jean Beaver, J. Quinn, K. B. Meihaus, R. S. Harper, J. Poor, W. L. Abell, D. R. Shoemaker. Clark—S. Shewalter, Dottie King, Marie Wetzel, Dottie Bryant, J. W. Godbey, W. R. Feustermaker, H. W. Behrends, E. Rondeau, R. H. Buck, J. Baker. Ohaver—Betty Driscoll, Mary Hague, Florence Sequartz, Jean Mielke, J. R. Bowen, R. K. Fowler, A. R. Fowler, H. Breuman, D. King, E. Mason, C. F. Hoffman. Pugh—Opal Etter Mary Barrum, Rose M. Vandiveer, Geraldine Grave, W. K. Millholland, G. W. Matthews, C. D. Kuhn, J. W. Beers, C. E. Hofmann, C. Rudman, J. A. Sells. Scholer—Virginia Hulse, Betty Morris, Nina De Witt, Rubydell Wilson, F. Jones, R. M. McGhee, A. D. Rush, D. Howkinson, J. H. Jacobi, D. G. Stephen, R. Peth.
Fifth Film Series , Shown In GoMen Shops The department of practical mechanics is now offering the fifth open afternoon series of educational films in room 101, Michael Golden Shops. Each film will be presented twice—Monday and Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Students, faculty members, and others are invited to witness these films. The series began yesterday with a two-reel film on lubricating oils.
WB A A
CO-ED FRESHMAN STAFFS Anspach—Margaret Douglass, June Steware, Carolyn Houk, Norma Malcolm, Opal Etter, Mary Barium, Rose M. Vandiveer, Geraldine Grave, Virginia Hulse. Grimm—Betty Driscoll, Mary Hague, Florence Sequartz, Jean Mielke, Kate Busard, Kathryn Means, Rita Deerr, Marjorie Blocker, Jean Beaver, Betty Morris. Kuehn—S. Shewalter, Dottie King, Marie Wetzel, Dottie Bryant, Katherine Schroeder, Nellie Cameron, Marietta Krieghaumm, Gertrude Scheindt, RubyDell Wilson, Nina De Witt.
Little Y» Wo’s To Meet Dr. C. H. “Big Bobbie” Robertson will .address the Little Y. W.’s at an open meeting this Thursday at 4 o’clock in the Faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. His subject will be, “Physical,'Spiritual, and Mental Adventures in the Orient.” Tea will be served afterwards.
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A RISK 406 Schultz Bldg. Phose 8791 Comer 4th and Main
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
SPARBENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6060
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Kappa Alpha Theta sorority announces the pledging of Betty Moore, Lafayette, and Gertrude Nelson, Anderson.
SHARP BREEZES— (Continued from page 1) night to midnight. A trainload consisting of five coal cars each holding approximately 25 tons will last about a day and a half. Indiana University during the month of January used 1600 tons of coal -to warm its buildings. The average winter month on the Boilermaker campus finds 3300 tons going into the jaws of the furnaces.
SENIOR LIBRARY— (Continued from page 1) Each of the twenty-two seniors who entered their libraries in the contest last year received a personal letter from Mr. Winterrowd as well as a copy of Much Loved Books by James O’Doimell Bennett. The libraries of Edith Jones, Edwin Hadley, and A. R. Finley were chosen as the best last year. From this group L. J. Bailey, former state librarian, chose Hadley’s as the best. The libraries of 'Mr. Hadley and Miss Jones were exhibited for a time in the University library.
Today
11 ;00—Morning Melodies, Mary Ann
Parlon.
11:16—^Frank Hall, Newscaster. 11:30—Charlotte Stewart, Soprano. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :0b—Chemistry Today. 12 :1B—Orval Wray’a Orchestra. 12 :30—McLean Music Trio. 12 :45—Everyday Sociology. 1:00—Mechanical Engineering
Course.
1:15—The Stranger. 1:30—^The Ti’easure Chest. 1:45—Final Markets.
Shop
KEMT A CAK
DRIVE IT YOURSELFLATE MODEL SEDANS Especially Low Rates on Long Trips REIMERS’ Drive Yourself System 314 N. 4th St. Phone 6455
We can restore to perfect appearance, functioning, quietness, that badly or slightly injured Stream Line Auto Body. AUTO iODY SHOP 431-433 North Third Dial 2998
Drink Milk for More Energy Call JOHNSON Phone 41332
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union DAIRY
Copyright 1938, The American Tobacco Company
Each puff less Luckies are A LIGHT SMOKE OF RICH, RIPE-BODIED TOBACCO
For twenty-five years the research staiF of The American Tobacco Company has worked steadily to produce a measurably finer cigarette—namely, a cigarette having a minimum of volatile components, with an improved richness of taste - '‘A LIGHT SMOKE. ”
We believe that Lucky Strike Cigarettes embody a number of genuinely basic improvements, and that all these improvements combine to produce a superior cigarette —a modern cigarette, a cigarette made of rich, ripe-bodied tobaccos—A Light Smoke.
Luckies are less add
ulw femuds have m Liihtky Strike of frdmi
Excess ef Acidity of Other Populuir Brands Over Lucky Strike Cigarettes
3 , . . . 3 .
. 3 . . .
.3 . 3 ... 3 .... 3
BALANCE
1 ■->-{-> ; V
B 8. U C KY
ST R t K E
=1 i I i
I BRAN
D
B
1 BRAN
D
C
1
I BRAN
O
D
1
^RESULTS VERIFIED BY l|l«IDEI>ENDEI4¥ CHEMICAL LABORATORIES AND RiSEARCft SROUFS
a
OF RICH, RIFE-BODIED TOBACCO-"IT'S TOASTED'
Exponent Advertisers are Reliable Local Merchants