'"4: l-fq 'H:
Thu Hewspoper , Is Published Each Moniing But Monday By Students OI Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY May 10,1938 VOL 49 No. 175 Lofoyefte, hufiona
Faculty Approves ‘Fraternity l^eek’
Editor Gilmore Will Speak
On Newspaper Day Friday
Friday the 13th is^the date of the annual Newspaper Day sponsored by the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society, and alumni members of ■ northern Indiana.
Portland Cement President To Talk At ASCE Banpet
Frank T. Sheets, president of the Portland Cement Association, will address the student chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers at its annual banquet today at 6:30 p.m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. He will also speak before all senior engineers at 10 a. m. today in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Father of F. T. Sheets, Jr., CE ’38, and Student Union President, Sheets, Sr., received a BS in municipal and sanitary engineering from Illinois University, and was chief engineer of the Illinois highway system for several years. He is a member of Tau Beta Pi, all-en-gineering honorary fraternity; Sigma Xi, research honorary fraternity; and Triangle social fraternity. Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the University civil engineering department, is president of the Indiana section of the national parent society. The Indiana section and the student chapter of the ASCE will jointly sponsor the banquet.
Seniors Get Awards Following the banquet the Indiana section will award certificates for junior membership to two outstanding seniors in the civil engineering school. These awards will be based upon scholarship, engineering ability, personality, public speaking, activities, and character. Tom Sheets, Jr., will be presented with a similar award by the Illinois section in Chicago later this month.
After the awards, the student chapter of ASCE will hold its election of officers for next year. Ascording to T. C. Wilson, election chairman, members will not have to attend the banquet in order to vote, but must be present at the election which will occur at 8 p. m.
Tickets are 60 cents apiece to all students, and 76 cents to all other persons wishing to attend. They will be on sale at the main office of the Civil Engineering Building until 4 p. m. today.
Mortar Board Will Honor
Pledges Friday As Maxon
Plays For Gingham Gailop
W. S. Gilmore, editor of the Detroit News and former resident of Indiana, will be the principal speaker of the day when he asks “Has the Press Fulfilled Its Obligation to the Public?” at the banquet closing the day’s program. The banquet will be held in the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 p. m. Other speakers who will appear on the Newspaper Day program are R. A. Brodhecker, of the Brownstown Banner; C. E. VanValer, of the Gas City Journal; Cy Parker, managing editor of the Herald-Argus, LaPorte; Earl Mushlitz, associate editor of the Indianapolis Star; and Herbert H. Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette Journal Courier. Luncheon hi Union
The program for the day will begin with luncheon at noon in the reception room of the Union. Lunch will not be served in the room, but may be purchased in the cafeteria and carried up to the reception room. Sigma Delta Chi officials said.
The afternoon program will begin at 1 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, and several talks will be given. A feature of the program will be the initiation of several members into the local Sigma Delta Chi chapter. ,
All students interested in journalism are invited by Sigma Delta Chi to attend the Newspaper Day meetings. Reservations for the evening banquet may be made for $1.25 at the main Union desk.
Aiflor Thomas Wolfe Will
Speak At Annual Literary
Banpet In Union Ballroom
Pledges to Mortar Board, senior women’s scholastic and activities honorary, will be honored at the final co-ed bid dance of the year, the annual Gingham Gallop, Friday from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. Roy Maxon, former trombonist with Paul Whiteman, and his band will play for dancing.
Speaking on his own experiences, Thomas Wolfe, author of “Look Homeward Angel” and “Of Time and the River,” will talk at the 14th annual allcampus literary banquet to be held May 19 at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster and present the Governor’s Cup for the best informal essay; second prize is $10 offered by the English dopartment. The wifiners of the award offered by William Holland Winter?-owd, BSME ’07, will be announced at this time. This award is. offered to the two senior students who. during their course in the University, have formed the best collection of books. First prize is $100; second, $35. The H. G. Reisner award will be given for the best short story; the Ross cup for the best group of poems, and the George Ade Silver Cup for the best one-act play submitted. Two science prizes, $10 and $5, will be awarded to writers of the best science essays, and the Hockema7Stewart award offers $15 and $10 for the best historical essays.
Short dresses are in order according to Jeanne Janousek, chairman of the committee in chai’ge of the dance. Members of Mortar Board will wear white dresses and plaid jackets as identification.
PM Department...
Tickets are on sale at the Union desk and at sorority houses for one dollar. Members of the dance committee are Betty Ann Stewart, Dorothy Bryant, Jean Small, Elizabeth Pyke, and Dorothy Martenet.
IB'Gun Salute To Greet Inspecting Officer W. E. Cole
Manuscripts must be turned in to the English office by Thursday, May 12. Banquet tickets may be purchased for 76 cents at the Union, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s and the English offiqn University Hall.
Annual military inspection Thursday will bring to the campus for three days Fifth Corps Area Commander Major General W. E. Cole, Majors McLeod and Sanderson of Lafayette, and Lieutenant Governor Schricker. At 2 p. 1(1. the corps, assembled on Russell Field, will stand at attention while a firing battery booms out a 13-gun salute to the entrance of Major General Cole.
Battery after battery will pass in review; bringing up the rear will be the motorized battalion. Differing from the procedure last year, when the entire corps demonstrated together, the first and second regiments comprising the first brigade, will form for calisthenics, directed by Cadet Colonel W. C. Musham. Immediately following, the second brigade, led by Cadet Colofiel R. O. Wickersham, will give an exhibition of command system drill.
Bleachers Erected
In preparation for this occasion, the corps has been drilling for the past few weeks on Russell Field to the accompaniment of recorded music from a portable amplifying system. Bleachers erected on the east side of the field will accommodate spectators who are urged by the Military Department to arrive lyBoth brigades will be inspected simultaneously this year to save time. Cadet Colonel R. O. Wickersham said last night. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday the visiting officers will inspect freshman and sophomore gunnery sections, junior sections on preparation and conduct of fire.
Military Banquet President Elliott, acting as toastmaster at the annual military banquet in the Memorial Union Building ballroom Thursday at 7 p. m., will introduce for short talks Major General Cole, Lieutenant Governor 'Schricker, and other officers; for presentation of various military awards, David Ross, Dean Potter, Professor Sears, and Mr. Peister of Indianapolis.
Basics May Attend Seventy-five tickets for the affair are available to basic students for one dollar each from any member of the Cadet Officers Luncheon committee or Captain Hayford’s office. Lieutenant Colonel Pickering announced last night.
Wesley Delegates From 5 Slates To Convene Here
Seventy Wesley Foundation delegates, representing the states of Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois and Indiana, will be the guests of the West Lafayette Wesley Fbundation Friday through Sunday. This is the first time that the yearly conference has been held here, so the local Foundation plans a full program of entertainment and council meetings. The purpose of the conference is to provide a “get-togeth-er” of Wesley members of northwest region to discuss plans fo^; the coming year.
Indiana Weather
. . . will present talking pictures: “Volcanoes in Action,” “Exploring the Universe,” “Plant Roots,” and “Catalysis” today and tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 101 of of Michael Golden Shops.
Pan-Hel, Gold Peppers Offer Two Scholarships For Seaiors and Alumnae
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council and Gold Peppers, co-ed honorary, are offering two scholarships t o graduating senior women and alumnae for advanced study. The Pan-Hel-lenic scholarship is for $200 and the Gold Peppers, $100. Letters explaining the I'ules and regulations of the contest have been sent to senior co-eds. Application blanks should be turned in by May 20 and should contain the type of study which the applicant expects to follow, officials in charge of the contest said.
Judging committee for awarding of scholarships will consist of two faculty members, who have not been chosen yet, the incoming president of Gold Peppers, and the president of Pan-Hellenic Council.
Peace Committee Elect
New Officers Tonight; End Adivities For Year
R. A. Buckles, outgoing chairman of the Purdue Peace Committee, has invited each campus organization to have three delegates attend the election of officers of the Peace Committee for the coming year, which will take place this evening at 7:30 at the Wesley Foundation. Students will be elected to the following positions: chairman, vicechairman, secretary, treasurer, program chairman, and publicity chairman. Buckles expects about 21 delegates to participate in the elections.
This meeting will close activities of the committee for the school year, and plans for next year will be discussed by the newly elected officers. “Representatives of many campus organizations are included on the roll of the Peace Committee,” Buckles said last night, “and a fairly accurate campus opinion is obtained.”
Robert Heyer Receives
Dudley Award For Work
On Plasticity Of Metals
Robert H. Heyer, former instructor in chemical engineering at the University and at present metallurgist with the American Rolling Mill Company, Middletown, 0., recently completed an investigation on the plasticity of metals. The work is part of the requirements for a doctor of metallurgy degree, which Heyer expects to receive from Purdue.
For his studies in plasticity of metals, Heyer was awarded the Bruce W. Dudley medal of the American Society for Testing Materials, a presentation made for the outstanding contribution of the year jn the testing field. While an instructor at the University, he organized a course in metallurgy for non-chemical students and compiled a mimeographed textbook which will be published this fall.
Professor Reed To Speak
For Dairy Club Toaight
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy today; slightly warmer in east and north portions. Tomorrow generally fair in north, partly cloudy in south portions, and somewhat warmer in central and north portions. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High 53; low, 39; mean, 46.
Tonight at 7:30 in Smith Hall, Professor H. J. Reed, assistant director of the Agricultural Experiment Station will speak to the Dairy Club on the “‘Set-up and Development of the Agricultural Experiment Station.”
Unanimous Vote Cast in Favor Of Motion
To 'Cooperate With Presidents' Council'
By unanimous vote yesterday, the University Executive Committee went on record as definitely approving the newly proposed all-campus “Fraternity Week.” Meeting in the conference room of the Executive Building, the committee voted 100 per cent in favor of the motion to “cooperate with the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council for foqr days—Wednesday through Saturday the second week preceding spring vacation—^by asking special faculty cooperation.” Fraternity Presidents’ Council ——————
President Tom Graham, an ardent supporter and originator of the movement, presented the proposition to the Executive body. The movement, supported by the Council and now a part of the organization’s constitution, calls for all fraternities participating in spring initiation to hold pre-initiation activities during the designated “Fraternity Week.” Said activities will, for the most part, be constructive in nature. Elliott Comments “The University is willing to give students the opportunity to assume responsibility and run their own affairs. I was in favor of the idea from the start,” commented President E. C. Elliott when contacted last night. Although the Fraternity Council started work on the plan March 3, it was not enacted into the constitution in its final draft until last Thursday night. In making a statement last night, Jean Stolz, president of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, said “The idea is a good one, and I am sure that the sororities will cooperate. It may be impossible, however, for all of the organizations to hold their initiations at the same time.” Sororities Approve Sorority representatives have alrea«^ approved the plan, according to Stolz, but no formal vote will be taken until next week. Voicing fprther support from the women is Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls. Although such a plan would necessarily take all of the organized girls from the halls at the same time, she said: “Such a week can be made very constructive in nature and should benefit the sororities the same as fraternities. It is definitely a step forward.” Said Council President Graham of the plan, “I have but one regret: I will not be here nfext year to see this ‘Fraternity Wei^k’ carried out.” Provisions of Amendment Provisions of the amendment limit all probationary periods to 72 hours during the first three days of the “Fraternity Week.” Pledges are to spbnd 48 hours in “constructive work” while, if the organization sees fit, 24 hours may be spent in rough pre-initiation activities, such as will not injure the health of the participants. If possible, initiation of pledges will come at the close of this period.
Staff Members To Attend Indiana Academy Meeting
Faculty members of the physics, mathematics, biology and chemistry departments will attend the spring meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science at McCormick’s State Park on Friday and Saturday. A study will be made of the geological features of the park, and of birds and plants inhabiting it. Several scenic tours will be conducted over the park on Saturday.
Pi Beta Phi,
Plans will be discussed for the picpic scheduled for Saturday, May 14. A special feature of the picnic will be the softball game between the seniors and the faculty members.
Organizations On Campus Will Hold Spring Elections
This is the first of a series of articles concerning- elections of campns organizations -which are coming np in the next few -weeks.
Election of Student Union vice-presidents Saturday will head the list of several important campus organizations that will hold elections in the next few weeks. Exponent elections will take place Monday, May 16; the Student Union will choose senior officers on Tuesday, May 17; and the Fraternity President^’ Council will elect their officers Thursday, May 19. Several other organizations have not yet selected dates for their elections. Monday afternoon the electoral board of the Exponent, composed of the six senior officers and the three faculty advisors, will meet in the Agricultural Experiment Station conference room to vote upon sophomore and junior candidates for office. The new staff will assume their duties immediately after election. R. P. Manion, editor; J. E. Brock, managing editor; D. C. Miller, business manager; J. P. Girard, assistant business manager; R. F. Obenchain, sports editor; and Elizabeth Pyke, co-ed editor, are the outgoing officers who will select the new staff with the aid of the faculty advisors, W. A. Bodden, University chief accountant; Prof. J. H. McKee, of the English department; and T. R. Johnston, University publicity director. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, and H. I. Stanback are petitioning for the offices of editor and managing editor. W. X Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, and M. C. Reeves are competing for the offices of business manager and assistant business manager; Dorothea Justin and Sally McKee are petitioning for the office of co-ed editor; and J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, and B. D. Witwer are petitioning fol- the office of sports editor. All sophomores and juniors will be required to be at the Lafayette Exponent office today or tomorrow for short interviews of about five minutes duration beginning at 7 p. m., Manion said last night. The deadline for petitions for office has been set for 5 p. m. Saturday, May 14, at the Lafayette office. Petitioners must state the position they want, a list of recommended co-workers, a review of their old duties, and a preview of their new duties.
Mortensen Will Discuss High-Speed Machinery
. . , announces the election of the following officers: Eleanor Turner, McConnelsville, O., president; Marjorie Blocker, Hammond, vice president; Dorothy Bryant, East Cleveland, O., recording secretai'y; Katherine Mounce, Rutheiford, N. J., treasurer; Janet Roper, Hobart, historian; Mary Frances McLaughlin, Greensburg, corresponding secretary; Geofgianna Pittman, Indianapolis, pledge supervisor.
Engineer in charge of alternating current machine design for AllisChalmers Manufacturing Company, Milwaukee, Wis., S. H. Mortenson will speak to senior electrical engineers tomorrow at 10 a. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building, Mortenson recently returned from abroad, where he made a study of foreign design methods, and he will discuss mechanical and electrical problems involved in the design of high-speed machines. The meeting is open to anyone who is interested.£ditfdcd.
THE POBDOE EXPONENT
dbunefc
Tuesday, May 10, 1938
Jfui ^diioh Snufi: Her Kindly Blue Eyes... . . . watered as she watched her tall, disting-uished-looking son stride down the Union steps jump into the family car and whisk away. She timidly looked around and, seeing that no one was watchii^, adjusted the skirt of her fiveseason’s ancient dress. She couldn’t understand her son’s attitude. He seemed so carefree when he left her, but when she was with him, he was a blushing, awkward, timid boy. He would never introduce her to his jfriends, she recalled. She wondered why ... he kept trying to hide her, it seemed. Dismissing the bothering thoughts she walked resolutely to her room. She was proud of her son ... he had done things ... he was respected by the student body... he was going to be a great man, her son. She wished she could have bought a new outfit to wear up here on Mother’s Day, but she hadn’t been able to afford it since sending that last check to her son. As she prepared to retire, the thought of his attitude bothered her again, but she dismissed it from her mind. She did not realize that her son was ashamed of his mother. We’ve seen it happen every Mothers’ Day, and frankly we think the guilty students deserve a good old-fashioned strapping in the wood-shed. Students who come to college, acquire airs of grandeur, get to be campus “big shots,” and then become ashamed of their mothers, aren’t fit to claim those women as mothers. No matter if the mother wears gunny sacks for clothes, she should be treated as the queen she is. She belongs to the only real royalty ... for she is a mother and her devotion is not equalled anywhere else in the world. The devotion should be more than appreciated: It should be honored. —A. H. F. To Cameramen... . . . Dwight Williamson and Johnny Baker go our congratulations oif the selection of their photographs by Collegiate Digest as outstanding among pieces of work turned in by the nation’s college students this year. In the Digest salon edition of prize-winning photos, issued
the Purdue Exponent
I I ■—
Bntered as second class matter at the poat office in lAf^ette, Indiana, under the act of Gonsrecui of Hareh 8, 1879. and at the specisil rate of poetasre prorided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20. 1922. Published daUy except Monday duriuK tihe resular academic year and weekly durins Sununer Session. Campus subscriptions 88 i>er year; by mail $8.60.
Edltop-Ia-IBiIM
Bnalnew Maaagw
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF In* Bdltor’s Secretary MarKaret Sawyer Associate Editors I). A. Bailey, L. S. Biardin, C. D. Sehroeder, H. L Stanhaek, D. B. Vance Sophomore Assistants—S. J. Deckard, 6. W. Fredeiiek, K. C. Houston, B. B. Inaley, B. L. Keck, W. A. B:reeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Tei^o, G. A. Torrence, J. O. Woodson
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors.
-Elizabeth Pyke
Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPOBOrs STAFF Editor. R. F. Obenehain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. Lt. MeDonsdd,
B. D. Wttwer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. National Adyertising Manager Local Adrertising Manager Circulation Manager.
MAIN OFFICE
812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6987 Bwdnsaa nwne 6088
..J. P. Girard -W. J. GMlilsn
R. Hessler
-M. O. Beeses
Night Editor—^Eeck Issue Editor—Massey Tuesday, May 10, 1938.
Letters to the Editor
Letters to the editor must be kept at a reasonable length and must be accompanied by the writers’ signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s natne will be published wiU> hie letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
PE Grades Should Not Differ From Others Dear Editor: The editorial in Thuisday’s co-ed edition of the Exponent raised the question of grading in physical education classes. The position of the department of physical^j^ducation for women is that the saOT% grading system should be used for the requii ed courses in physical education as is used for other required couises in the University for the tollowing reasons: 1. Grades can appaiently be a stimulus to learning and give the student a measure of his achievement. These facts opeiate just as truly in learning to play tennis or to swim as in learning to do a laboiatoiy expel iment m foods or biology, to write themes, oi to do mathematical problems. Base Grades On Skill 2. The assigning of grades in physical education is on the basis of initial skill, improvement in skill, and mastery of mental content. The method in giving grades is as accurate and objective as in other laboratory courses. (a) Students ai e registered in elementary, intei mediate, advanced classes, or are classified within a class at the beginning of each course on the basis of skill tests. (b) Objective skill tests are given at the end of each course and allowance made for individual differences in initial motor skill. Inadequate preparation before college entrance is a problem in other courses too. May Raise Average (c) A written test of knowledge about the activity covering the principles of form, rules, and conduct is given at the end of each course. Students with low physical ability can raise their average by demonstrating an understanding of
the fundamental principles involved in an activity. (d) Students who because of poor physical condition are assigned to special he&lth classes where rest is a part of tlie treatment, are given assigned readings, are supervised in health habits according to individual needs, and are given a written test. Physical Skill, Too The real issue in the editorial is that of including physical education grades in determining the scholastic index. This is a more debatable point; the answer depends on one’s philosophy o f education. Granted that the main principle of education is the training of mental skids, it is still possible to believe that it is a function of education to develop physical skills also. One hears a good deal these days about education fitting one to live successfully, not only in terms of earning a living, but also in enjoying the increasing hours which modern society is providing for leisure time. Physical recreation is one resource for leisure time which can contribute to both mental and physical health. But before any activity becomes really enjoyable foi any length of time it must be accompanied by a reasonable degree of success. Not Purely Recreational The class period provides the opportunity for teaching the skills and providing for the continued practice which leads to success; it does not aim to be purely recreational. Any student who is kept from a 4.5 or 5.0 scholastic average because of 2-3 of one credit of B or P in physical education is a borderline case and and is almost sure to have at least three other hours of B which pull his average down much more than the physical education grade. Working for grades seems to be the goal of education for many students. Giving “Satisfactory” or “Unsatisfactory” for all courses in the University or withdrawing the cash award of $30 which is given for the 5.0 scholastic index might be helpful in centering attention on the content of courses and what one can learn from them. Helen W. Hazelton, Head of the Department of Physical Education for Women. Pedalion Club . . . . .. announces the pledging of Betty Jane Smith, Fort Clinton, O.; and Phyllis Shake, Indianapolis.
What, Where, When?
A corsage—once we suggested that the proper thing to do is to warn your girl of its approach and inquire of her the proper color When to send one is again a question. Most girls like flowers and would like to have them all the time, so almost any time is excuse enough. But familiarity does breed contempt, and two or three corsages a year bring greater joy to the recipient than one each week-end. A strictly formal dance practically calls for a bouquet. If you wish to please your co-ed bid extraordinarily, you may send flowers, but a co-ed should not expect a corsage in return for her invitation. Don’t send flowers at informal dances; it appears extravagantly showy. And how about being a bit old fashioned once in a while — hold back a few corsages and send a bunch of flowers instead. She’ll be more highly flattered and they keep longer for her enjoyment.
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders. 11:30—Parade of Melody. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Town Crier. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. ItOO—Alberta Schmadel, soprano. 1:15—Electrical Shop. 1:30—Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—^The Apothecary. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:46—Treasure Chest, John Dietrich. 3:00—Town Forum. 3:15—Kellam Sisters Trio. 3:30—Musical Review. 3:46-—Scientific News Review. 4:00—Town Forum, Prof. Chas. Murphy. 4:16—Melody Moods. 4:30—Parade of Nations. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
Sunday, Williamson scored first place in the portrait group and a third in still life pictures, while Baker’s “Nighthawk” brought him honorable mention in “Scenes.” Only one other college was credited with more than one photograph in the issue . . . Los Angeles Junior College, at which a course in art and photography is taught, had two reprinted. To Williamson and Baker also belong a bit of praise for establishing the Purdue Camera Club as a leading campus organization. As president and program chairman, respectively, these two have contributed noteworthy effort to the successful working of the club.
GR!N AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
SEQUEL . . . The Alfa-Ky/pledge master told their trusting-ahem-pledges that there would be ABSOLUTELY NO NECKING ^n or around the house. Upon receiving this demand, one meek, disappointed voice from the back row said, “Does that mean NO necking?” AT ANY RATE . . . ... it is a good form of discipline, the draw back is the actives have to live up to the rule also. BY THE BY . . . . . . who was that co-ed that was running around the Blazer Saturday night looking under all the tables for her Mother ? What is this older Generation coming to ? RED TH’ CO-ED ... Here’s to the fiery red-head Between her ears it is quite dead. But how can this be ? Well, it’s obvious to see That she is a Purdue co-ed. OUR DEFINITION . . . ... of a truly close person is one that would try to get night rates on a telegram during a total eclipse, or a fellow that won’t change his mind without a 10 per cent profit. WE DEDICATE . . . “I Got a Feeling You’re Fooling” to Georgeann Schilling. “Trees” to Bob McConnell. “LITTLE Fraternity Pin” to the Phi Psi’s. “Sentimental and Melancholy” to Benny Burns. NOW THAT THE . . . . . . end of the year is drawing to a close, we notice that the Student Union officers are getting THEIRS, so to speak. Have you noticed that the decorations that were used for Prom are still up. TO SHEETS . . . . . . for suggestions for an excuse you might say this: “Don’t you know that there is a business recession on now?” Or words to that effect. Staff Memliers Will Lead Teaching Methods Courses This summer the courses in special methods of teaching high school subjects will be handled by specialists in their own fields. Professor Sutcliffe of the department of English and speech will be in charge of methods in English; Professor Graves of the department of mathematics will be in charge of methods in mathematics; and J. R. Risser of the department of physics will be in charge of methods in physics. In order to renew their understanding of the high school points of view in the teaching of methods courses these instructors have been visiting high schools during the last few weeks. The University proposes that methods courses be courses in which there is evidence of an understanding of high school needs with a minimum of the rather disassociated academic point of view^ that the university professor may occasionally develop. Group Theater Offers Prize For Best Play In an effort to stimulate play writing and establish a contact with younger writers, particularly those in. universities the Group Theater of New York is offering a prize of $600 for the best play written by anyone under 25 years of age. The contest began May 1, and terminates on January 1,- 1939, with annouheement of the winner on Feburary 16. There are no limitations on type of theme, length, or manner of treatment; but the plays will be judged on the scope of their interest, vitality, and amenability to dramatic production. The group does not guarantee to buy or produce the winning play, but with the awarding of the prize reserves first right to purchase an option on it. All entries must be tsrpewritten, marked with the author’s name and address, and sent to 234 West 44th street, New York City.
‘Of course you understand this insurance doesn’t apply if you travel in airplanes!”
sources of joy or gloom for collegians, while dates are tenth in the list of emotion producers . , . And laughter has a 400-to-l edge over tears . . . They cry less than once every 20 days, but laugh at least 20 times a day . . . University of Pittsburgh officials report a 34 per cent rise in book borrowing and a 46 per cent gain in library visiting . . . University of Detroit students have scheduled an intercollegiate turtle race ... A University of Chicago student reveals that the Nazis have dismissed 1,684 professors, 896 for being Jewish, Catholic or “politically unreliable,” the rest for no known cause ... University of Florida authorities are planning on the establishment of a “safety zone” for student thumbing rides between the campus and the town. In a special art-appreciation experiment, a Columbia University scientist has discovered that after a free lupch collegians and unemployed workers alike tend to develop a liking for subjects they had previously disliked.
“Improvement in the quality of lecturing can be obtained. A shakeup in the faculty would certainly help in some cases, for there are men of lower rank in the faculty who would be more able to present good lectures than some of the men who are lecturing now.” The Daily Princetonian editors believe not all scientists are teachers, and vice versa. -k * :T: Hit and miss facts and figuies that give you a better picture of current trends in “This Collegiate World” than thousands of words can do: Sixty-three per cent of Princeton’s B. A. seniors admit they have relied on professional tutoring bureau to get them through at least one examination ... A University of Michigan nation-wide poll indicates that dormitory living is cheaper than rooming in private homes. . . . For New York University students of journalism. Hitler is the year’s greatest news name, President Roosevelt is second ... The average 1938 senior at Columbia University expects to be earning $5,000 yearly five year’s after graduation ... McAlester College co-eds believe the eds should shorten their trousers, lengthen their coats, and in other ways make male dress more distinctive . . . Grades are the greatest
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
The picture of a thousand thrills' • I Technicolor! T
MhiAmm TODAY ~ WEDNESDAY
pttxnu Gi^Y COOPER ’"iffdwcntiires j^ared BdIo
ARC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
-iColnmliiaPietiirr —ALSO— “RADIO PATROL” No. 7
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
JOS
—PLUS— THE DUKE COMES BACK with ALLAN LANE HEATHER ANGELTHEPUBDUE
§h/fiiA.
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Nose Out DePauw, 8-6, In Eleventh Inning
Intramurols
CLASS “B” DOUBLES TENNIS Today—4:15 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Tau or Phi Kappa Sigma. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon. Phi Pi Phi vs. Triangle.
Ward Track Meet Slated For Today
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 N. L. Darrow vs. D. S. Campbell. J. Powell vs. R. F. DeHoog. G. R. Frye vs. D. L. Douglas. Miller vs. Tabshey or McGrath. Kerwin vs. G. J. Frey. D. P. Morse vs. J. R. Ferris. Vaughan vs. More.
This afternoon at 4 o’clock, the annual ward track meet will be held in the Ross-Ade Stadium. As the meet lasts only one day, all events will be run off that afternoon. Members of the winning team and all men collecting a personal total of five points or more will receive medals. The point system will be used as follows: first place, five points; second place, three points; third place, two points; and fourth place, one point. Fourteen events will be included in the meet, which is expected to be run off by 6:30 o’clock. The 100, 220, and 440 yard dashes will be run early in the afternoon, as will the high and low hurdles. Distance runs will include the two mile, the mile, and the half-mile.
BASEBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 2— ^Theta Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 3— ^Triangle vs. Phi Kappa. 4— 'Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi. 5— Delta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 6— Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 9—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Gamma Rho. 10—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5.
Monroe To Speak At Memorial Exercises
Alpha
HAYS lEWELRY COMPANY East SIdo of Sqare Fine Jewelry cd Moderate Prices
The trinlinest, smartest convertible suits of the year are Jantzen Toppers. Designed to give the trim athletic lines of youth, they provide more sun exposure than any suit you’ve ever worn. But if you want more—ZIP—the upper is oflf and you are wearing the newest sun trunks. Ask to see the new Lastex Wisp^ o-weight Toppers, marvelously light and soft^ quick drying, yet rugged in wear. Jantzen Toppers are priced from $4.95 to $6.95<
These new 19^38 suits are now on display at—
618-20 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phcme 6477
By B. D. Witwer
Prof. Alan H. Monroe, head of the University’s speech department will deliver the annual Memorial Day address. His topic will be “Malice Toward None.” \ As in past years, the exercises will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall with the military department cooperating in firing a 21-gun salute. Cadet officers will decorate the Purdue roll of honor. Reading of the necrology for the past year and other details of the program are being arranged as part of the exercises.
Purdue’s track meet with Pitt, Minnesota, and Northwestern last Saturday was a memorable occasion in more ways than one ... in the first place the Boilermakers had a fight on their hands at the close of the meet trying to keep ahead of Minnesota for second place. —^fc— As most of the weary, cold trackmen finished their events, and the contest drew into the final stages with only the broad jump and the mile relay yet to be run off . . . Coach Hermon Phillips went over to one of the scorekeepers and found out that if Minnesota won the broad jump and got a point in the mile relay . . . the Boilermakers would be pushed into third place by a mere twelfth of a point. —^fc— At that time, Minnesota already had the broad jump cinched by a 23 foot leap, so they decided to run the mile relay ... in which they had not intended to participate . . . just to get the point for fourth place. —^fc— As almost all of the Gopher men had already gone to the showers and dressed, the coach took four of his charges and sent them into the event in street clothing ... so they trotted around with the rest of the boys and garnered a point. —^fc— The pay-off came when everyone suddenly discovered that there had been a slight miscalculation some place, and that Purdue had enough margin lead going into these last two events to finish the meet out in front by a little better than two points. —fc— One of the most outstanding individual performances turned in for Purdue was not one of the regular stars winning his choice event. . . but Red Douglas taking fourth in the half-mile. —^fc— Red is a senior this year and was never out for track before, yet he entered this, his first meet, and carried off a place for himself . . . Woodruff of Pitt, was the only outsider to cross the tape in front of him .. . Bodeau and Gaulke took second and third. —^fc— Steve Gutting, who thought that he pulled a tendon in his leg in practice last week . . . ran one of his best races as he took second in the high hurdles . . . Lemen and he were so close together fighting to win the event that Phillips and Homer Allen are still arguing about who really took first place ... a photographic finish and nobody with a camera . . . Yesterday Phillips was telling all of the boys to go out and pull tendons so they could win this Saturday.
League Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE
\
Won Lost Pet.
New York
16
3
.842
Chicago .
13
7
.650
Pittsburgh
11
9
.560
Cincinnati
10
11
.476
St. Louis .
8
10
■ .444
Boston ..
. 7
9
.438
Brooklyn ..
. 7
13
.350
Philadelphia
. . 4
14
.222
Yesterday’s Results
Boston, 7;
Pittsburgh,
5.
Cincipnati,
9; Philadelphia,
4.
St. Louis, 9; Brooklyn,
7.
New York-Chicago (rain).
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won Lost
Pet.
Washington
14
7
.667
Cleveland
13
7
.650
New York
.. 13
7
.660
Boston
. 12
8
.600
Chicago
7
10
.412
Detroit
7
11
.389
Philadelphia
6
12
.333
St. Louis
5
15
.250
Camera Club Sponsors Talk On Polarized Light
“Third Dimensional Color Photography” will be the topic on which Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautical engineering option, will speak tonight at 7:15 in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. His talk, sponsored by the Camera Club, will deal with the effect of polarized light in giving third dimensional appeai-ance to two dimensional color photographs. The photographs, which concern various phases of areonautics, will be projected on a screen and must be seen through polarized glasses to get the result of depth.
WARD TRACK All meet entrants report to the Stadium in time for the first event at 4:10 p. m. today. —MIDDLETON.
Yesterday’s Results Washington, 7; St. Louis, 1. Boston, 15; Cleveland, 3. Chicago-New York (rain). Detroit-Philadelphia (rain).
SIGMA DELTA PSI Tryouts meet at 4 p. m. today in the old fencing room in the Recreation Building for indoor events. —KELLER.
Enjoy . . . right in your own home ... the refreshing cool* ness of mountains and sea* shore. It’s as easy as touching a switch if you have a G*£ Quiet Fan, the famous fan that cools quickly ... quietly.
Get your General Electric Fan now and keep cool, comfortable, and happy, at home, this summer. We carry models to meet every need, at prices to
meet every purse. Make your'
[ection touay!
G-E FAN PRICES
selection today!
START AT $3.9S
HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferry Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
2 Runs Score On Bunt By Waling In Squeeze Play
DePauw’s cagey Tigers almost nipped Purdue at Greencastle yesterday afternoon after pushing over six runs in the first three innings, but the Boilermakers came back to force the contest into extra innings and finally won 8-6. Heiss started for Purdue on the mound, and was the victim of two^rrors and two hits in the first inning which gave the Tigers a three run lead. Hearne and Stamm combined hits ——
in the last half of the first to give the Boilermakers one run. The third frame was Heiss’ Waterloo. A double and two singles brought in another DePauw score, and Warner replaced Heiss. Two hits off Warner brought in two more runs, to put the Tigers in front 6-1, but from then on Warner set them down easily, allowing only two hits in the last eight innings. In the fourth for Purdue, a couple of errors, two hits, and two walks brought in four runs; and in the ninth the score was tied when Thompson and Mackiewicz put on the squeeze play, Mac scoring. It was the same kind of a play that won for the Boilermakers in the eleventh, but they went themselves one better. On Waling’s bunt, Stamm came in from third and Mackiewicz followed him across with the last run of the game to furnish the winning margin. The box score:
Mackie, ss Levy, cf Knarr, cf Cooper, p Bavasi, c Armstrong, Bailey, cf
Totals
41
12
Purdue DePauw
100 400 001 02—8 12 303 000 000 00—6 12
Dolphin Club Elects Officers, Initiates 15
Purdue
AB
R.
H.
E.
Hearne, 2b
5
1
2
1
Dean, rf
4
0
1
0
Stamm, If .
. 6
0
2
0
Mackiewicz, 3b
6
3
2
' 1
Dickinson, cf
5
1
2
0
Thompson, ss
2
0
0
0
Waling, lb
4
1
1
0
Krause, c ...
6
1
2
1
Heiss, p
1
0
0
0
Warner, p.
3
0
0
1
Totals
42
8
12
4
DePauw
AB.
R.
H.
E.
Merkle, 2b
4
1
1
0
Russell, 3b
3
0
0
1
Randels, If
. 6
1
1
0
Clinton, lb ...
. 6
2
2
0
Lundy, rf
.. 6
1
3
0
Dolphin Club, swimming honorary, announces the election of the following officers: president, Eldon Carr, Oak Park, 111.; vice president Gilman Tredwell, New Rochelle, N. Y.; secretary, Walter Lahey, South Bend; treasurer, Jessie Graham, Hamburg, N. Y.; sergeant at arms, Leonard Diehl, Baldwin.
The following men were initiated preceding the election: George G. Spehn, Chicago, HI.; Charles J. Fahrner, Chicago, 111.; William A. Swanson, South Bend; Clinton J. Ancker, Indianapolis; Theodore W. Abolin, Decatur, 111.; Eric A. Johnson, Chicago, 111; George A. Wildhack, Indianapolis; Ralph L. Colby, Zionsville; Thomas A. Harris, South Bend; Richard O. Obenchain, South Bend; Rea M. Howard, Lake Placid, N. Y.; Louis E. Freyman, Hammond; Charles A. Liming, Virginia, Minn.; Charles K. Milner, Chicago, 111.; and Qharles W. Gardner, Peoria, 111.
• the Exponent
.Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REESNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Frelessfonal
The Rh^ Dexttol Clhiic
Dtt. PAUL A. KISK DB. HAROU) J. RISK DR. ROBBRT Q. RISK DR. LDTHBR A. BISK
4th 6t Mcdn
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Kione 4965
Florist
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS
Open Evenixvgs Ph. 2291 State-Mcdn, W. L
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop iit the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Jewelry
R. J. BATH . Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist
504 Mcdn Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is aU we do, but we do it welL Wallace Block 322 I^ity St Oppoeite Post Office
• Printing
o
P
RINTING
SUOOtN
SERVICE _ SUillQMiy..
WiKMies tstliallMS
PHONE *****' s 6 s • CASSEL*S5 ^
Personnel Notes
Company The Beveridge Paper Company, Indianapolis. Representativc Samuel R Sutphin. Visiting Purdue Today. Interviewing ME seniors specializing or interested in power plant engineering. Also interested in those taking their masters in this or related work. Those wanting an interview should sign up in the Personnel office by 9 30 a m Explorer Seeks Two Men To Accompany Expedition During the next two weeks, two men fiom the Univeisity may be selected to accompany an expedition to the northern Navajo country in Arizona and Utah. Dr. Charles Del Norte Winning, field director of the Rainbow Bridge Monument Valley Expedition will select men students or instructors who are interested in engineering geology archaeology or biological science. An area of 2 000 square miles of canyons mesas and deserts will be explored mapped, and studied Data concerning prehistoric peoples, animals and mammals will be obtained.
Lawn Mowers, Sprinklers, Fertilizer, Seeds, Hose SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main St.
THERE IS ONLY ONE Coolerator THE Air Conditioned REFRIGERATOR
Local Ads
THE PDBDIIE E3CPONENT
TUxtimk,
Tuesdoy, May 10, 1938
Cameramen Win National Prizes Bt Johnny Maudlin Camel a Club Piesident Dwight Williamson, senioi foi ester, showed his piowess in photogiaphy by having two pnze cvinneis in the last issue of the Collegiate Digest. John C Bakei giaduate student, scored a hit by getting honorable rirentron The appealing picture of a Navajo Indian boy won first for Williamson in the portrait division His “Last Laugh,” picture of a grinning skeleton nailed on a stone slab, ironically placed thud in the still life gi oup Paradoxically Baker’s shot “Night Hawk” of a cabin plane poised foi flight, appaiently in semi-dai kness, vas taken in bioad daylight Baker, who lives at the An port, said, “I took six shots before I succeeded in getting the diffmence in contrast between sun and ground objects to pi ocide the wanted cloud effect” Asked about the time lequiied foi photogiaphv, Bakci said that he spent only thiee to four hours per week on his hobby “I did my hist enlaiging this year,” he said While on an expedition in the deserts of Aii7ona last summer, Williamson took many of his piize photos In a lomantic canyon, in habited only by Indians, he took his picture that won first In this same canyon, the motion pictuie, “The Vanishing Ameiican,” was filmed Williamson admits that he was surpiised to receive his check. The size of the Purdue Camera Club IS constantly growing The nearest competitor in the placing list was Los Angeles Junior College, which had two prize-winners LAJC teaches art and photogiaphy
Local Ads
Notices
..
No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Plyinar Club; Joint meetingr with Glider Club at 7:80 p m. in tower room of the Union Wednesday, May 11. —DOSTAL.
Pi Tau Siarma: Meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, May 10, in room C of the Union Building —COX
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multignraph and mimeograph work. C F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WAA Numerals: Any girl who has been awarded numerals for WAA class teams, may purchase chenille numerals if she wish If any one is interested, call 2886 and make arrangements with me before Wednesday, May 11, to pay for them —CHRISTENSON
Xi Sigma Pi i All members who wish to order keys or pins communicate with me at once. Payment at time of ordering is necessary (5-10) —BLINE
FOR RENT—Rooms foi summer students. Opposite Union Building Also apaitments 128 North Grant. Phone 2640.
Airport Dance Committee. Please meet at 7 16 in tower room of the Union, Wednesday, May 11 —MORGAN Glider Club. Joint meeting with Plying Club at 7 dO Wednesday, May 11, in tower room of Union All members please be present —MOORE
BARGAIN REPOSESSIONS FOR CASH—NO TRADES— 1935 Pontiac 6 coach, 1936 Chevrolet coach, 1934 Cheviolet Sedan Deliveiy, 1932 Fprd V-8 Tudor, 1930 Fold Coupe, 5 tube mantle ladio Phone 7954 or 51063
FOR RENT—Cool looms with single beds Continuous hot watei 5 Waldion Telephone 2671
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Informal and for“mal initiation and election of officers, room 320, Chemistry Building, Tuesday, May 10, at 7 p m —SANDERS Tau Beta Pi; All pledge essays must be turned in by Tuesday, May 10 —MUSHAM
Basic Students* 76 tickets have been reserved for the Military Inspection Banquet Tickets can be obtained from Captain Hayford a office or from any member of the luncheon committee for one dollar (5-12) —PICKERING Dairy Club Regular meeting luesday May 10 at 7 30 p m in Smith Hall —MYERS Gold Peppers New members will have a shoit meeting at 4 p m Tuesday, May 10, in the Union Bring dues See WSGA bulletin board for room number —SLOCUM
Dairy Club: All students who plan to attend the annual dairy picnic sign up at the bulletin board in Smith Hall on or before Saturday, May 14 —MYERS Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting at 7 16 Tuesday, May 10, in room E of the Union —FORSTER
Catalysts and Pledges. Initiation dinner will be held Wednesday May 11, at the Phi Kappa Psi house Meet at the house at 6 46 p m —BOWMAN
Debris Salcsinvn ah salesmen with senior pictures must turn them in by 6 p m. Tuesday, May 10 —SIEBENTHAL
Catalyst Pledges. Initiation lee must be paid on or before Wednesday, May 11 —PETRY.
ME 62 Makeup for absences for all tests of this semester will be given Saturday May 28 from 1 to 4 p m in room 308 of ME Building —BOLZ WAA Archery. Practice for the tournament will be held every evening at 4 o’clock Thursday May 12, there will be a mixed shoot on the regular range —BALCOM
Debris Salesmen* Salesmen desiring to attend Debris banquet at Fowler Hotel must sign up in Debns office before 6 p m on Wednesday May 11 —SIEBENTHAL
Radio Club: Meeting in room C of the Union Tuesday, May 10, at 7 30 p m —THOMPSON
Riding Club • Meeting in the Student Union office at 7 30 p m Tuesday, May 10 —SUMMERS
Special on Military Uniforms
STUDENTS—Desiiing loomb and meals duiing summei session, phone 3753 Ml s B P Fantone
FOR RENT—Laige, comfoitable 1 ooms, continuous hot watei One block fiom campus $7 50 pei month 108 Waldion Phones 41852
Complete Uniform Cleaned and Pressed
70
Leave at State and Vine or call 4073 for Delivery
LOST—A grey coat sweater in Armory Reward N E Beaver
LOST—Black and pearl lamin ated Scheaffer pencil Reward Call 7026. L J Barley
LOST—Apiil 26—Cased iimmed glasses I have to study soon •—- Schlundt 4916
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
“I got tired of borrowing ice cubes from the nrighbors. Now I never have to wait more than five minutes for a fresh S^upply. And such cubes! — Crystalclear, taste - free, hard froisen—I didn’t know there was such a difference in ice ” Yes, Coolerator gives you ice cubes in five minutes or less The clever cuber is a handy accessory that most Coolerator owners insist on havmg Coolerator uses pure manufactured ice in a TOTALLY NEW WAY to give you air conditioned refrigeration If you want a" truly modern refriger* ator, a plentiful supply of pure ice cub«, investigate Coolerator today. FOR YOUR 10 DAY FREE TRIM. CALL LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. Phone 5078 4th and Salem Sts.
show me a cigarette ,ka,^»ORB HMBVRE
... because Chesterfield ingredients are the best a cigarette can have ... mild ripe home-grown tobaccos . . . aromatic Turkish tobaccos ... aged for 2^/2 years... pure tasteless cigarette paper ... and a blend that can’t be copied
Copyright 1938, Lkxibti & Myhbs I OBACCO Co.
.. theffllgive you MOKE PLEASURE than any cigarette you ever smoked