\
4
H r .P'
""il
I
(Ehe Purilue lExaaaent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1936
NUMBER 32
Indiana Fire School Begins Here Today
Training Of Men, Fire Prevention Subjects For Dis<^ussion
Fire prevention, fire fighting and training of firemen will be subjects under discussion at the third annual Indiana Fire School to be held here today and tomorrow. Many towns are sending their entire fire fighting force. Lafayette, Anderson, Logansport, Muncie, Richmond, and Marion are among these communities. Nationally known authorities will make speeches during the two-day session. The school is conducted under the direction of the Extension department of the University, Indiana Fire Chiefs’ association, Indiana Firemen’s association, the Northern Indiana Industrial and Volunteer Firemen’s Association, Indiana Fire Marshals’ Department, and the Indiana Inspection Bureau.
Father Gillis Talks
At Religious Colivo
“The time has come to lay the ax at the root of the tree of moral radicalism,” declared Father James Martin Gillis, prominent New York minister addressing an audience of about 1,000 persons, on “Why Be Moral” at the first religious convocation Sunday, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Continuing he stated, “God has revealed morals, as well as laws, to mankind, and unless the Lord builds the temples of morality, they labor in vain who build it. Man must have more than human authority to change moral laws.” All of our social, political and economic problems were cited by the speaker as being moral problems at the base. Disaster a Possibility Father Gillis emphasized his belief that “Unless we have God as the ultimate source of morality, there’s nothing at the end for us but disillusion—apolitical, social and economic disaster.”
“Democracy is the most powerful form of government and the most humane,” Father Gillis explained, during his discussion of timely problems. The convocation marked the appearance of the enlarged University choir of 125 voices, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart.
Under The Mirror
Book notes tvorf. the Browsins Room
GREEN MARGIN^ By E. P. O’Donnell • This is a story of life on the Mississippi Delta, a region of flatland and teeming waters where pioneer folk live in a primitive fashion; a tale of living people, of immigrants new to the country and of the “Gagins,” descendants of the Acadians who tpok refuge in this wild country when they were driven from Nova Scotia by the English many years ago. The author knows and understands these people; he also knows the wild life of this section, its sudden storms and hot suns. These act as a ba<^ground against which is portrayed the young girl. Sister, her dying father, her lovers, and her friends. Green Margins was given the Thughton Mifflin literary fellowship prize. This may have been granted partly because the scene and the people are new to the annals of American fiction.
Dr. Remmers Attends Educational Council
Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the department of education, will attend the National Committee on Guidance and Measurements sponsored by the American Council of Education to be held in New York City tomorrow. While in New York, Dr. Remmers will also attend a conference of the Educational Records Bureau Thursday and Friday.
Band WiU Not Go To Fordham With Team
“The Purdue band will not go to the Fordham game,” Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick stated last night. “There had been an arrangement made to send them if the football team won the game with Minnesota, but since they lost, the band will stay at home when the team goes to New York.”
Secretary Wallace Defends New Deal
Henry A. Wallace, secretary of agriculture, speaking in the Lafayette Armory yesterday afternoon, defended the administration’s money-spending tactics and predicted a balanced budget within a “year or two.” Speaking before a large crowd. Secretary Wallace made his only Indiana campaign speech yesterday. In the audience were delegations from the surrounding counties as well as local citizens. Wallace was introduced by Earl Crawford, former speaker of the Indiana house of representatives.
Parents Open Conference Tomorrow
Two-Day Conference WiU Be Held In Home
Economics Building
Parental problems and problem parents will be under discussion at the Parent Institute to be held here tomorrow and Thursday under the auspices of the Indiana Oongress of Parents and Teachers. The sessions will be held in the Home Economics Building. Dean Mary L. Matthews, a member of the committee in charge, asks that persons having rooms available for visitors get in touch with her.
First Meeting The first meeting starts at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning in the form of a public forum on consumer education, with Prof. Ruby Clark, Miss Margaret Beeman, and Miss Gail Redfield, of the home economics staff, and C. O. Lee, of the pharmacy school, leading the discussions. Dean Dorothy Stratton, Dr. Otis Trimble, and Dr. Harriet O’Shea, of the University faculty, will speak at other sessions.
Mrs. Mary Wright Addresses Co-eds
Mrs. Mary Wright of radio station WLS will speak today at 11 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium on “Radio Work For Home Economics Graduates.” The meeting is being held primarily for the survey classes.
Chi Epsilon Pledges
Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary, pledged the following new members: seniors: C. F. Ingwalson, W. O. Mitchell, and J. K. Fillman; Juniors: G. D. Rose, and J. L. Waling. Ceremonies were held October 22, at 6:30 a. m., at the miniature bridge in the rear of the Civil Building.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon, Saturday, October 31st. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancSelled without grade after October 31 if properly approved by the departments concerned and by the Dean of Men. —M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Frosh Speech Finals Tonight
Award Two Trophies In Final Elimination
The Beveridge public speaking finals will be held this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Duncan lecture room. The seven survivors of 60 entrants who wer^ entered in the preliminary contest last Thursday will speak to determine the permanent possessor of the Hays cup. The organization’s Ankeny trophy will be awarded to the group whose representatives gain the most number of points. The seven men wno will speak tonight and their respective subjects are: John Swander, “The Futility Of Relief”; J. A. Curtis, “The Current Dilemma”; Donald Paarlberg, “A Planned Agriculture”; Page Spray, “The Next President”; W. D. Croft, “Service Or Bureaucracy”; Allan Zimmerman, “The Rumble Of Cannon”; Maurice Kamowsky, “What Price Electric Power”. The chairman is R. J. Dearth, and the judges are Gilbert Dunbar Williams, Jack Neil, and Rev. George A. Ritchey.
Prof. F. R. Hall WUl Address Foresters
Prof. F. R. Hall of the economics department will address the Forestry Club meeting today. He will analyze some of the world’s more complicated problems which are widely discussed in daily life, but are understood by very few people.
Co-eds Attend State Home Ec Conference
.Lillian Murphy, senior home economfcs student, Mary Wieh, sophomore, and Miss Margaret E. Beeman of the home economics faculty attended the student club section of the fall meeting of the State Home Economics Association in Indianapolis, Thursday. Miss Murphy, who is president of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, has been appointed college reporter for the year and Miss Wien, vice-president of the club, took part in a round table discussion of club activities for the year.
Politics Subjects Of Forum Thursday
Members of the Student Forum will convene in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Thursday for the purpose of forwarding interest in the coming national election. The meeting is open to the public. Views from three different speakers promise a debate session that is entirely new to the University. Prof. C. Murphy, Joseph Andrews and Dr. Robert G. Risk, Democrat, Republican and Socialist respectively, will offer arguments for discussion.
Theta Alpha Phi Iiutiiates Six
Theta Alpha Phi, dramatic honorary, held initiation for six people Sunday afternoon, The new initiates were B. L. Everett, Ruth Grimm, P. Luginbill, K. Mueller, and Mary Helen Theiss. Following the initiation ceremony, a banquet was held in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building in honor of the new members and to welcome Professoy Cordell, formerly faculty representative to Theta Alpha Phi, back from Europe where he has been writing Somerset Maugham’s biography.
Tuu Kappa EpsOon
Tau Kapp Epsilon fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: N. C. Dulivich, Mishawauka; M. T. Cory, Stillwell; H. H. Hnnti Crawfordsville; R. li. Andrews, West Lafayette; E. M. Turley, West Lafayette.
Landon Backers Give Kansan
203 Straw Vote Plurality In Exponent Presidential Poll
REStTLTS OF
Cfie I^urtiue exponent
Presidential Straw Vote
Classification Browder Colvin Landon Lemke Roosevelt Thomas Total Agriculture 0 0 69 0 94 0 163 Chemical 0 0 51 0 28 2 81 Civil 0 0 21 0 5 1 27 Electrical 1 0 42 0 24 1 68 Engineering 2 0 63 0 27 0 92 Home Economics.. 0 0 69 0 37 0 96 Industrial ./..... 0 0 6 0 1 0 6 Mechanical ..... . 1 0 108 1 48 0 168 Pharmacy 0 0 14 0 3 0 17 Physical Ed 0 0 3 0 6 0 9 Pub. Ser. Eng 0 0 7 0 3 0 10 Science 0 1 89 0 69 1 160 Transfers 0 0 2 0 0 0 2 Graduates 0 0 6 0 5 0 11^ Others 0 0 27 0 18 0 46 Faculty 0 0 10 0 6 1 16 TOTALS ..4 1 566 1 363 6 GRAND TOTAL 941
VOTE BY CLASSES
Clasrafication
Freshmen 3 Sophomores . . . 0 Juniors 1 Seniors . 0
Browder Colvin Landon Lemke Roosevelt Thomas Total
108 166 126 120
92 114 77 48
206 280 206 170
OTHER STATISTICS
Number of votes cast ... .941 Number for Landon .. 666 Number for Roosevelt 363 Number for minor parties . 12
Per cent of school pop. Per cent of total vote Per cent of total vote Per cent of total vote.
17.1 60.2 38.6 01.2
Hallowe’en Party F or WAA T omorrow
W. A. A. members will be entertained at a Hallowe’en party tomorrow night at 7:16 in the Women’s Gymnasium. The party will be a masquerade, with prizes for the most original, funniest, and the prettiest costumes. Members of the faculty will judge the costumes. Regina Kelly is in charge of the program, with Georgia Halstead assisting with decorations, and Dora Mae Patterson planning the refreshments.
12^000^000 Homes Hear Speech On Less Than One Watt
By O. H. Caldwell
Editor*^ Note: O. H. Caldwell is an alumnus of the class of ’08 and has served on the Federal Radio Commission.
Dr. Graves Supervises Music Forum Tomorrow
Under the direction of Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University mathematics department, the second of a planned series of regular Wednesday evening concerts will be presented in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building. Starting at 7:30 o’clock the following program will be given: 1. Pavane, Galliard (William Byrd). 2. Invitation to the Waltz (Weber). 3. Otello—Ave Maria (Verdi). 4. Dawn and Siegfried’s Rhine Journey, (Wagner). 6. Cradle Song, Sapplic Ode (Brahm’s). 6. Song of the Flea (Moussorgshy). 7. Ah, Moon of My Delight, from “In A Persian Garden” (Lehmann). 8. The Burial Cathedral (Debussy). 9. The Sorcerer’s (Paul Dukas).
W A A Hockey Teams Chosen
Twelve million radio sets are tuned in on the average major political broadcast these nights. Yet so sensitive ai^e these modern receivers that the whole twelve million sets together require less than a fraction of a watt of electricty to deliver the speaker’s message into twelve million homes. Taken altogether, the antenna energy supplying these millions of sets is less than that required by one tiny pocket flashlight, or a small electric clock.
Radiation
Millions of wqtts of radio energy are radiated from broadcast stations during these great political hookups. But less than half a watt total ever reaches all the radio antennae; the rest is dissipated and frittered away in the ground, water pipes, railroad tracks, steel structures, and other sponge-like absorbents of broadcast power. Only a millionth part of the emitted energy ever finds its mark in radio anten-
For the few tenths of a watt that hit the bulls-eye of the listeners’ sets, the sponsor, political or commercial, pays a tremendous prices perhaps $10,000 an hour. This may represent paying the exhorbitant rate of $100,000 per watt-hour or $100,000,000 per k-w-h for electricity delivered to the consumers premises—which is costly juice by any yardstick.
Co-ed hockey teams for the double round-robin tournament to be played between classes have been chosen. The freshman and sophomore classes each have two teams which are named according to their colors. The sophomore teams are White and Brown, The freshman teams are the Blue and Orange. From these class teams there will be chosen two all-star teams, the Gold and the Black. They will play a championship game on Dad’s Day. The members of the teams are: Seniors—^Arnold, Charles, Fitch, Greenburg, Halstead, Kelly, Piper, Rogers, Scudder, Thatcher, Thompson, Walker and Waklam. Juniors—^Beko, Bosco, Brewer, Davis, Delaplane, Hester, Humphreys, Ilgenfritz, Jenkins, McKinsey, Patterson, Stephens, Stiles and Toriello.
Sophomores on the, White team— Baxter, L. Davis, Davison, Dobson, Hall, Hari’y, Knollman, Maier, Wilson, Shafer, Swick, Whinery, and Wiley. Sophomores on the Brown team-— Bailey, Blank, Campbell, Merritt, Dunwoody, Newman, Reverda, Vandiver, Rogers, Suliot, Townsend and Whetzel.
Freshmen on the Blue team— Beall, Beck, Bratich, B. Cook, J. Cook, Harwood, Hoover, Mathes, Morris, Walters, Weishoor. Freshmen on the Orange team— Barnes, Bouton, Clymer, Crankshbw, Gross, M. Johnson, Lockner, Long, Phillips, Prentice, Roderick and Schatsinger.
12 BaUots €k> To Minor Candidates
Thomas Gels 6 Votes; Browder, 4; Lemke, Colvin 1 Each Of 941 Total
Gov. Alfred M. Landon, Republican nominee for President of the United States, defeated his Democratic opponent. President Franklin D. Roosevelt in the Exponent Presidential Straw Vote polling 566 votes to Roosevelt’s 363. Final tabulation of the votes reveals that the Kansan has an advantage over Roosevelt and, if the student poll can be called indicative of the nation’s opinion, should gaimer 3 votes to every 2 cast for his opponent.
Minor Parties ^Weak Among the minor party candidates, Norman Thomas, Socialist, received six votes, five of which were submitted by students, and one from a member of the faculty. William Lemke, Union party candidate, and D. Leigh Colvin, the Prohibition candidate, received one vote each, while Earl Browder, the Communist nominee, polled toxa votes, three of which came from the freshman class.
Co-ed Vote Heavy Ninety-six co-eds in the school of home economics submitted ballots for their respective candidates and 27 co-eds in the science school did likewise.
In the class voting, the sophomores polled the most votes, 280 ballots being turned in. Freshmen and juniors ran a dose second with 206 and 206 respectively. The senior vote was lightest with only 170 persons submitting ballots. The total number of votes cast was 941, or 17.1 per cent of the University’s 5,500 students.
Co-eds Enroll For Speeches
Lodde Contest Offers Two Trophies
The Lodde public speaking contest, open to all University girls except those who have been or are now on the co-ed debate team, will be held November 5 and 10. All girls who wish to register may sign up in the debate of5ce in the Memorial Union Building, any time after 4 p. m. and before November 4. A point is to be chosen which can be supported in a five-minute talk. From the preliminaries, to be held on November 6, seven girls will be chosen to enter the finals on November 10. The Lodde Jewelry Company is offering both individual and organization trophies.
YWCA Welcomes New Members At Service
Y. W. C. A. members will welcome new members into the groiqp at the recognition services to be held in i-oom 1 of the Memorial Union Building at 4 today.
Generally Fair
By Tempy 6xron.«at WeatlMK'
I had a feeling, about what was going to happen at Minnesota, and I expressed myself about it very vigorously Saturday. It wan too vigorous for the editor. He cut my column out. Now 1*11 make anothat vigorous prediction. It will be a Idl warmer today and generally
/ \
if W Hii
.■'■Vi
((■f * " J
'Vl >■ ! ” t ' l”* s’Wf
a
The Editor Says
Civil Service Reform-
The 22nd Ammendment ?
For many years variotis groups have tried to promote civil service reform. Much good has been done, as testified by the fair percentage of government employees under a merit system. But there is still much to he accomplished; many people will not be satisfied until almost every office not elective is placed under civil service laws. One organization has come to the front in this fight, the National Civil Service Reform League, and, while small at present, it hopes to spread the doctrine of reform more thoroughly than any other group. With headquarters at 621 Fifth Avenue, New York, it is now proposing the adoption of a 22nd amendment to The Constitution, designed to take politics out of public service and inaugurate careers in public service. The League was founded in 1881, but has only about five thousand members today. A goal of one hundred thousand members has been set, and a fight is underway to truly reform our civil service. The need for such reform is apparent, as is the need for the establishment of opportunities for careers in public service. Purdue University recognized the latter fact when it established the school of public service engineering. But before men and women can be induced to make careers out of public service, rather than politics, the merit system must first be adopted. Pay comparable to that received in industrial or business organizations must also be offered before public service careers become commonplace. The political campaign this year has brought the need for civil service to the fore. The Republicans are saying that the New Deal has forgotten its promises along this line, while the Democrats are replying that the percentage of regular workers under civil service has increased, and it is only those who are employed in emergency divisions of the government who have been responsible for the percentage decrease in civil service workers. As long as politics is so intimately mixed with government employment, there never will be honesty in politics and government. This applies not only to our national government, but also to the states, the counties, and municipalities. The' National Civil Service Reform League deserves wholehearted support in its battle to separate politics and the government employee.
Readers^ Gpiilioiis
Th* Exfotunt mtUntitf coiimetiti Of good ioiis mi rMtonaBU Imgth from ttt rOtitrs,
About Purdue Songs
To the Editor:
Lost And Found
Considerable waste to the individual student results each year through the loss of books, pencils, pens, jewelry, and other articles that are not subsequently returned to the owner. A glance at the contents of the iriakeshift Ibst-ahd-found departments in varibus campus buildings, or even personal experience, is sufficient evidence of this "fact. The total loss and waste could not be fully estimated by a composite evaluation of the articles turned in at these buildings. Many students are inclined not to report findings, since there exists no organized bureau for handling them and consequently no assurance that the losers will have anything more than a remote possibility of retrieving their property. The institution of a centralized bureau for taking care of articles found and reports of losses on the University campus and vicinity would eliminate a great part of this waste. Students would not only know where to apply for lost belongings, but they would also be encouraged to turn over objects that they find. An office, a set of files, and the services of a couple of NYA workers in collecting and filing the articles are practically the only essentials for a department of this nature. This centralized bui’eau and the cooperation of the custodians of campus buildings and of the students and faculty members themselves would greatly facilitate the return of property to its rightful owners.—R. P. M.
Taes are paid by the svveat of every man that labors. -Franklin D. Roosevelt.
t&^jfie'^arhue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936
Member
1937
PIssockied Cbtle6iate Pkiess Distributors of Cbi[e6(ateDt6e$t
Membei' of National CoUeoe Preao Association, Biar Ten Editorial Association
naPRaSBNTBO FOR NATIONAU ADVBRTISINO BY
N^ional Advertising Service, inc.
College Publishers Representotioe
420 Madison Ave. new York. N.Y. CHICAOO . • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO LOBANaEi.es . Fortlanr . Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF ■ Editor-in-Chief. W. T, Hunt Managing Editor JB. H. Morris Associate Editors...........JC. A, Barnette, J. E, Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler
SPOBTS STAFF Sports Editor.......; L. D. Wood AMoeiate Sports Editors..:.. W, H. Fiffeld, S. B. Griffiths, B. F. Obenchain
^ . BUSlNSaENS STAFF ShwineKi Manager.. IfaMcmal Advertising Mailer....;, toesA Advertising Manager;....,:...: Oirenlfttlon Manaifer......
.......,.....B. 3. Hulse :.L. H. Brown D, 0. Miller ...3. P. Girard
WOMENS staff ^^^^ng Mwiager. ..................".......7....”...^^^^^^^^^^ Aiapeiate Editoni-. Jeanne Janousefc, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
bsiie Editor—K.B, O’Neil.
Having read several articles in this column on the subject of Purdue songs, I am taking this means of stating my opinion. Who cares which song the Purdpe authorities designate as THE official song? Why do we have to have one song as THE BEST and official one? “Hail, Purdue” has thrilled loyal Boilermakers for many years and shall continue to do so for years to come. “For the Honor of Old Purdiie,” written by my good friend Frank C. Huston, is a fine song; but, fine only as another Purdue song. We need more songs—^pep songs, fight songs, alma mater hymns—not just one, known by a few, but several that are known by many—students and faculty alike. While we are on the subject of spirit through song, etc., r would like to suggest that these same “song critics” turn loyalists and start a campaign for organized student sections, for the purpose of supporting all athletic contests. Following each touchdown the band plays the snappy and stirring “Fighting Varsity,” which is Professor Emrick’s own song. This is a real football song— but I dare say not three of these agitators know the words of it. Let us learn all the present songs-then- let us have many more good ones written and stop this petty quibbling about which one is THE authentic song. —Albert P. Stewart.
Warning!
To the Editor: I believe that it would be worthwhife if the EXPONENT would print a few lines in warning to the students about the epidemics of robbings that break out among the fraternities and rooming houses on this campus almost every year. There seems to be little bother from the menace so far this semester; at least the police have had few reports of such cases. However there is no reason for feeling safe. My house was robbed one night last week for the second time this fall and both times the job was complete with no one producing a suspect. The general circumstances of both robberies, nevertheless, do lead us to believe that the same persons performed both acts and that they live in the neighborhood of the campus. The dual success of those gentlemen at our house will undoubtedly serve as an inspiration to them to continue their work in other locations. Hence I would like to have this warning extended to the other students so that they may carefully safeguard their valuables before retiring at night. It is very disappointing to get up in the morning to find your monthly allowance and sundry other prized possessions “absent without leave.”—Robert F. Dodge.
m
.'t' ^
Those who weiit to the game Saturday were naturally disappointed —they all claim that the Minnesota students and grads are swell when it comes to hospitulity—^they also mention enthusiastically the Nicollet Hotel where Bob Crosby and his band played ... when it comes to love at first sight DU GLEN ROQUEMORE beats Phi Psi MARTIN—^this DU hung his pin on a Minneapolis nurse when he -Went UP for the game — this week-end was the first meeting of these two romancers ....
DAN MORSE took an unexpected trip to Indianapolis last Friday when the bid to Gold Diggers which he had egotistically expected to come from Kappa BETTY HEGELE, whom Dan has been giving a strong rush lately, didn’t come through—this is a funny affair for BETTY didn’t give DAN any sort of a tumble until a few of her Indianapolis gal friends informed her that Papa MORSE was an Indianapolis big shot—^this is certainly taking ..DANNY’S ..high-powered dignity for a ride . . . who was the member of the male student body whose head was adorned with a beautifully colored fleece wool beret yesterday morning — his gal must have given it to him-^for that would be the only excuse in the world for wearing anything with as much color as that beret ...
“The people, Senor, wish you to head the new government—the best we can offer is 70,000 pesetas plus funeral expenses,”
1 don’t care if the student body does think I’m crazy; I'like BOB REID ....
Id My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
The Exfonent will not assume responsibility for the opMons voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Evfen graduates aren’t exempt from falling in love with our fair? ? co-eds—Phi Gam JOHNNY BRADSHAW has formed a merger with Theta JANET CALVIN—the flying colonel planked his diamond shield which he has been saving for some such future use, on her Sunday evening—and in the rain too ... your editor noticed the familiar face of last spring’s Theta graduate, JEAN DAVIS, in the Sweet Shop—it is good to see such faces around again .. . mentioning ^aduates — Idst year’s EXPOI^ENT business manager, BILL “TARZAN” KOCH, was seen traversing the campds of alma mammy this week-end ....
What Is Government?
Government was supposedly started as a measure of defense. In order to support offensive and defensive war expenses, taxes were levied. Then, to help in times of war, steps were taken to build up nations industrially, socially, and agriculturally. Thus was born a new idea in government—that a government must at all times be watchful of the welfare of its citizens. At first, protection against thieves and other birds of prey was one of the major items, with fire protection following. Eventually steps were taken to supervise public institutions, such as schools, and later insurance companies and banks. Then along came the idea that the purpose of government is to make life secure for young and old alike. I am not attempting to ridicule the paternalistic type of government, for it may eventually prove a big step toward Utopia, but there might, on the other hand, be dark days in store for nations whose governments run everything. It has apparently been good for certain under-de-veloped nations to have a dictator take control, but when these nations reach a civilized status comparable to that of the United States, the continuation of governmental control might be a bad thing. Voters in this country Are faced to. a small extent With this problem this fall. According to the Republicans, the Democrats are trying to stick a federal nose into everyone’s business. But the Republicans fail to mention that, if elected, they might very well continue the trend of the last few years.
In the November Ameri^n Mercury a writer lists Minnesota as a professional college football teum, while Purdue is classed as semi-professonal. Maybe that’s why we didn’t win Saturday.
We are unalterably opposed to drunkenness and also to having bur product dispensed in any but a wholesome atmosphere. — Herman 'A. Rosenbusch, president of the Master Brewers’ Association of America.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eiiniinate physical punishment by honor^' ary and social jgrroups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. ^. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
JANE WOODCOCK may have a boy friend in New York state, but she seems to be frequently accompanied by the eds of bur campus— she also hangs around the desk at
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
ARC
TODAY AND WEDNESDAY CHESTER MORRIS AND IRENE HERVEY In 'Three Godfathers'
and FRED MACMURRAY AND JOAN BENNETT
in
'13 Hours by Air'
hiARi
TODAY
WEDNESDAY
ROUND BY ROUND with RHYTHM and ROMANCE! It’t Champion EnUrUlniiMlI
n RiRRion OlMBlHIim
CMNoikI M4ISEI5
ROSCOE KARNS DAVID CARLY^ and • atnrllnt ««ii
— PiUB — CARTOON IN COLOR
COMEDY
WRH quite frequently when a certain bby is at the desk—Sunday she stayed there from 5:40 until 6:20 p. m.—there must be some fascination there ... there is an unwritten tradition upon this campus which states that no co-ed is a true PURDUE co-ed until she has- been kissed by her best ed friend under Heavilon Hall Tower as the clock strikes twelve midnight—Kappas Bain and Stewart realizing that such had never happened to them decided that the cloak of Gold Diggers would be a good excuse, so as the clock struck twelve they stood under said tower with their dates, ED CLOSSON and DICK WELLBROCK ■— they claim that they were doing the fellows a favor since the evening was one of these inverted affairs of co-ed bid ...
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY
Big Double Feature 'The Green Pastures" PLUS SECOND FEATURE 'The House With a Thousand Candles"
with Phillip Holmes and Mae Clarke
BUOn
TODAY - WEDNESDAY 2..sBig Hits...2
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPUwiiNT
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
, , 4L!ULEWOMENj Is A WORLD OF! I All; they went'edi {from life w«i lovc| i.,.and I htttbendli
iJANET GAYNORl ICemtmee BENNEH^ LORETTA YOUNG
ADIBS"* LOVE
.aSIMONE SIMON DON AMECHE PAUL LUKAS fiiiffo
— Plus—^ CARTOON IN COLOR PICTORIAL
Vote Republican
Landon-
Springer for Governor
James A. Slane................................ .^cretary of State Charles A. Halleck. ........Congress, Second District George E. Weigle......... Prosecutor Otto C. Neumann Joint Representative, Tippecanoe-Warren Counties Joseph A. Andrew...,....................: Representative A, Blaine MiUer......„.„„....... ...............Treasurer J.RalidiFisher..—.......^Sheriff Arthur E, Buerkle............................. .. ......Suryeyor Harry E. Ktepinger....... ............ .. .......^...........Coroner Ralph M. Biery...............Commlssiplier, First District Wilber F. Brown....^..,..Comiiiiissioner, Second Districtml
'r% *'1^' ^^i^iS**!) ' tJ-'■''J ^'' '• ,. "’* f‘^ %j ' 'j >4^ ^ * S *" > '. ' / (■*' v"'r'''^‘S " ^ *'i ' c '^ ^’' f j ' ‘ . '- ‘ “' . ^ ^ ‘ ^ t j; ^^''<-' -1 " V-“ ' ^hj'^ ^ 'fae»dAy.Oetoter27.m6. - ■ • TBtE PURODB EXPONENT ' ' ' '
s«M
Gopher Manpower Too Much For PlirdneTearn
Boilermakers Vtiahle To Cope With Minnesota Reserves; injuries Cripple Squad Coach Noble Kizer had nothing but praise yesterday for the courageous stand of his crippled Boilermakers against the superior man-power of Minnesota last Saturday as he surveyed the remnants of the squad that he must patch together hurriedly for the intersectional clash with Carnegie Tech at Pitts-
burgh this week-end.
“The boys played their hearts out against overwhelming odds^” declared Kizer. “A lesser group might have been content t(> sit baick and accept a one or ^o touchdown defeat by adopting defensive tactics, but instead it kejit playing to win and was firing away for points until the final gun in-the face of discouraging breaks.” Passing Attack Works In the first half, when it was eleven against eleven as far as manpower was concerned, the Boilermakers cut loose with a versatile attack that netted eight first downs to Minnesota’s three, with long runs and passes in predominance. Fumbles and intercepted passes were big factors in keeping the Boilermakers away from the Gopher goal line, as shown by the statistics, which reveal that Purgained 242 yards on running plays and passes during the game, as compared with 342 yards for the Gophers. In the .second half, it was eleven men against forty, and the gallant Boilermakers, who had the Gopher supporters on the edge of their seats throughout the first thirty minutes of play with their daring attack, finally wilted before the superior manpower of the Gophers. Vergane, Stalcup Out Injuries suffered in the bruising battle with Chicago and aggravated in the Minnesota game have definitely removed from the lineup big Bill Vergane, giant sophomore end, and Fred Stalcup, veteran left halfback, the speediest man in the backfield. In an effort to allow Vergane’s knee a chance to rebuild its strength, it was to be placed in a plaster cast the middle of this week, and he in all probability will be out for the remainder of the season, while the rest cure . has likewise been prescribed for Stalcup’ ankle.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
Private Lessons By Appointment
Walt?, Fox Trot and Latest Ballroom Dances
Phone 2150
ALLEH’S
6th & Feny
Body and Fender Straighteninj
Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding, and painting.
Auto Body Shop
421-423 North Third Dial 2998
Don Powell and George Spehn ends, are also on the- doubtful list as far as Carnegie is concerned, and gizer is faced.with the problem of virtually rebuilding the combina-
tion in three days. Carnegie Impressive
Carnegie’s impressive showing against the undefeated and untied Holy Cross combination Ikst Saturday, coupled with its defeat of Temple the previous week, has served ample notice of the Tartan’s power, and with a squad disrupted by injuries. Kizer is frankly fearful that the Boilermakers will lack the finish to handle the assignment.
BIG TEN STANDINGS
W. L. T.
.Northwestern Minnesota . Purdue Ohio State Indiana Iowa Illinois Wisconsin .. Chicago Michigan ....
Pet.
1.000 1.000
.667 .500 .500 .000 .000 .000 .000 .000
Saturday’s Results: Purdue,’ 0; Minnesota, 33. Northwestern, 13; Illinois, 2. Ohio State, 7; Indiana, 0.
f
ielder’s.... ....choice -By Bob Walpole—I——
Our Boilermakers didh’t take the “Go” out of the Gophers, but they certainly tried their best. Nd excuses ... we lost. The Boilermakers aren’t out . . . maybe down for a round, but not out. —fc— Hats off to those fellows who held that great Minnesota team as well as they did. It was said before the game that the Gophers were to Purdue as the ration of 3 to 1, but we didn’t believe it . . . now we know what an Important factor reserve strength really is. Evidence? . . . the Gophers played 54 men ... Purdue used 24. —fc— Coach Bernie Bierman has material, and he knows how to use it. There was no perceptible difference in any one of the first three ranking Minnesota teams. —fc—
Honors to Bill Vergane, Johnny Drake, Freddie Stalcup and Lee
Graves . . . the first three played under the severe handicap of injuries received in the Chicago game of the previous week . . . Lee, with men on all sides outweighing him vOeff b y twenty-five
to fifty poun<3rs, played one of the best games of his career . . . —fc— Following the grapevine information that spread through the campus Sunday morning reporting the .team arrival in Lafayette, a
**My dear Countess^ these imported cigarettes are positively enchanting^* That's one on you^ Clarissa! TWENTY GRANDS asfe imported from the comer tobacco shop."
Copr. llie Ai^ton-FiAer Tobacco Co., loc.
WE CERTIFY that we have inspected the Turkish and Domestic Tobaccos blended in TWENTY GRAND cigarettes ahdfind them as fine in smoking quality as those used iii cigarettes costing as much as 50% more.
local tax in taxatatos
ALSO OBTAINABLE IN FLAT FIFTlEa
(Siened) 3eil, Putt & Rushy Inc,
(tn eoUaboTotion ttiith M>acco aqierft
ft's
go
dp ° «ee fA. ®
^9
that
Gi*eek^en In Distanice Run
Fraternity Cross-Coun-try Run Schc^Ruled For 4 O’clock today
Intraihural Field vtrill be the scene of the annual interfratemity crosscountry, race this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Contestants will assemble the gymnasium lobby where
numbers will be passed out. With teams limited to four members each, nineteen fraternities have entered teams to date, and any others wishing to enter may do so before the race starts. All races are over a two and one-half mile course, starting on Intramural Field at the end of Second Street.
rather large crowd of Purdue fans met the train that brought back several of the Boilermakers. An excellent indication that Purdue students back the Boilermakers and Noble Kizer. On to Carnegie .. .
TODCHBALL GAMES TUESDATk OCTOBEB it
Field
1—Beta Theta Pi v8. Pi Kaup* Phf. Official, Jack "Beek. '2—‘Kappa Delta Rho vs. Plmthon. Offieial, W. Bartlina. 8—Bigma Alpha Ma vs. Phi Pi Phi. Official, A. V. Omlfce. 4—Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kaptw. Official, C. C. Bamflton. 6—^Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Official, H. Boyer. 6—Tan Kapp Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official, 6. H. Kerber. 7‘—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Ddita Theta. Official, C. Mangas. ’ 8—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tan Epsilon Pht Offieial, R. Latttt.
SOPHOMORE TENNIS
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 27—4:15 H. C. Magnossen vs.'Ei. H. DnvaL D. Blitz vs. H. Zweig, 3. P. Taylor vs. W. Windecker. M. Bell vs. R. Biehaxdson. Bradmartin vs. d. N. Frasier. H. L. Duhart vs. H. Moses. J. J. Delaplane R. E. Frazier. F. B. Tabshey vs. w. J. Ijerner. E. J. Gehrke vs. 3. A. Fnlwider. T. C. PoxWorthy va. F. Rush. D. Waid vs. R. Hirchert.
MRS. ARLINE
Gifted Reader and Advismr Advice on All Affairs of Life
Special Reading 25e
Located One Half Block East of State on Brown Street Levee. West Lafayette
SOTTBALL 44444 444444 TvH00Alr, ocfoimn itt Diamottd l4~Staim Ali^ %siio» vs. IMII* V»AX&n. GiUis, tnupire, I^—Ward 1 vsu Ward 4. 14— Ward 2 vs. Ward *. Ifr-Ward 7 vs. Ward A Id—Ward 7-* vs. Wsord 11. 17—Ward 14 m Ward Id. 15— Ward Id vs. Ward 17.
♦ 4>44^4d>44'^
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS TVESHAT, OCTOBER 27—f:l»
Alexander vs. Blessing or Fnente.
Winter vs. Hehbler.
Blitz vs. Chapline or Meyer,
Bowlers—Because of fraternity bovrliiyr. them will be only one alley open Taesd^, October 21, —STUCKEY.
HOT WATER HEATERS
Easy Terms
at-
FIRESTONE SERVICE STORE
9th and Ferry Pi|. 2903
Here’s Value!
The Shoe of Sound Value Priced at Scotch Savings!
when we say "Sandy Nevin,” we’ve told you the story. "Sandy Nevins" are superior shoes in every sense of the word. Quality features worth a full dollar more have gone into their making! The comfortable, foot-clinging last, the rich-looking genuine leathers, the Oak JBend sole, the Goodyear welt construction — are unmistakable evidences of shoes worth much more!
Suede Leather
Jacket
WWWW4-STAR JUBILEE FUBUBI
For Those Cold Campus Days
IT’S SMART...COMPACT! ELECTION TABLE MODEL
$079
lesa Sensation at This Price
»io
A snappy model in genuine selected suede leather that would cost far more if it weren’t "speoialed" in Sears Golden Jubilee I 'High auallty throughout, with the master tallm> ing of expert craftsmen. Fan'oy sWagger action back . . . atitobed down half-belt. Popular Cosssok ^ style with slide fastener front and deep slash pockets. Adjustable side buckle straps. Full lined with lustrous rayon. Reverse leather collar and ipside facings. Cocoa brown^ 25% inches long. Sises 84 to 48.
Not just another compact radto-r-but an entirely, semsatiomally new 'radio---hmlt for the hottest eljecttcMi campa^in fo years—and priced so you needn’t miss a minute of Rie things you’ll want to hear wherever you are—in the be# room, sunrooro, or hotel room!
Just CBmiHire Thess FeiAunss
• 5 Super SUvertome Tubes! • 54ucb Electro-TJymtmie Speaker! • Turning Range of S40 to 1720 Kilocycles! • Battleship Chassis Construe^ tiimt
• Buits^iu Aerid! • Tu/o-watt Volume Output! • Stahilized Tuned RaSo Frequency!
f Smart Btmk CdumA wUh White Dial!
Third and Soutii Streets
Lafayette, lad.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 27,1^86
«06to>
Classified Ads.
List price only
Think of It. By tneroly attachina this great now RCA Victoi Record Player to your radio, you trans< form it into on expensive corn* bination. . . hea. the music and artists you choose whenever you like. The RCA Victo Record Player may be operated from you,' ormchoi’ so you do not have to jump up and down to change records. Amazingly tompact, K it also electrically driven so that it requires no winding. Best of all, the Record Player in no way interferes with your enjoyment of broadcast programs. ^ Cme m and see't McLean Music Co. 514 Main Phone 7917
KEYS Key. for tranks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-il North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
DR. A. M. LRION Dentist 119'/z Vine West Lafayette
Domer’s Flow
er Shop
QuaHtyFlo
Main at 7th
iW6aso
A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB i!^!lrt^«hrcity ONES SOi YELLOW CAB CO.
if-'
■1
NOTICE
Fraternities and Sororities Wiy not have your next party In our
AUdENS Bth a Ferry
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—^Room for two boys at 128 Wiggins St. Phone 7471.
Wanted—^Trumpet and alto sax player. Call Schilling between 7 and 11 p. m. 6057.
Will The Girl—^Who accidentally picked up a black velvet hooded Cape instead of her own at the Acacia dance call Barbara Roderick, WRH, and trade.
Board and Room—For one student, Telephone 35413. 21 N. Salisbury.
Roll Top Desk—$12, two metal adjustable chairs, ea. $2.76, chifforobe with ' wardrobe and drawer space $10, Books, lots of them. Back number magazines, Ic to 6c each.—Moore's Colonial Mkt, 220 N. Fifth Street.
For Sale—Schaff Bros, piano. Mahogany case and bench. Good condition. $18.00. Phone 7964.
NOTICES No noticM acceptod attwr 8 p. m.
Reamer Club-—Important meeting Tuesday, Oct. 27 at 7:80 p. m, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union building. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
PROOF PICTURES Senior Debrlg Pictnreo—Group may be selected on following dates: 78409 - 73620, October 27 73521 - 73632, October 28 73633 - 73736, October 29 73737 - 73866, October 30 Proofs are being shown in Room O where pictures were taken. Office opened between 8 and 6 p. m. each day. —DWIGHT,
Wesley Foundation Gronp—^Vesper services will be conducted at 4:06 p. m. Tuesday, October 27, at the Wesley Foundation House. Rev. William A. McFadden will discuss the various modern Protestant churches. —McEACHRON.
Former Boy Scouts—Alpha Phi Omega will hold a smoker Wednesday October 28, at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Ail men interested are invited to attend and all members are asked to be present. —KUEOK.
Settlement House—All girls interested in the Settlement House be in the Y. W. C. A. office Wednesday, October 28, at o’clock. —BROWN.
Sophomore Debate Managers—^Meet i Union d^ate office at 4 p. m., Oct. 27. —PERRY.
Conditional Examination For CE 22— Will be given in room 301 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1936. Please consult instructor well in advance. —SORESON.
Co-Ed Hockey—Sophomore brown class team plays the freshman blue class team at 4 p. m., Tuesday, October 27. —THOMPSON.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in the Union office, Tuesday, Oct. 27, at p. m. —STALLINGS, PERKINS.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—^All unsol season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Fraternity Bowling — The following fraternities will compete in the interfraternity bowling tournament Tuesday, Oct. 27, at 7 p. m. Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Sigma, 7:00 p. m. Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta 7:00 p.m. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi, 9 p. m. Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Tau Om"'-" o m. —PFOBZHEIMEB.
Union ' Workers—Following men meet in the Union workshop Tuesday, October 27,' at 4 p. m.—^Important—"W. T. McNaughton, B. S. Harper, M. J. Doyle, C. C. McDonald, M. Goris, W. C. Kessler, G. W. Mathews, W. H. Reininga, H. D. Kinzer, J. Bates, W. Fenstermaker, and Jenet Forgey. —SHEETS.
Discussion Group—Meeting Thursday, October 29, instead of Wednesday, October 28, as planned. Subject ‘The Woman’s Place In The Modern World." —KUBHN.
Pan-Hellenic Meeting—Tuesday, October 27, in the old Union office. —SCHAAF.
W. A- A. Archery—Open practice October 27, at 4 p. m. Three practices are necessary to enter the individual tournament, —BOEHM.
W. A. A. Hockey—Freshman blue 'vs. sophomore white October 27 at 4 p. m. —THOMPSON.
Mortar Board—^Meeting at 4 p. m. Oct. 27, Women’s Lounge in Memorial Union Building. —ADKINS.
Student Senate—^Meeting at 7:80 p. m. Oct. 27, in Memorial Union Building. AH new senators be present. Important. —MARTIN.
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Short meeting at 4 p. m. Oct. 27, in the office. —FELDT. Flying Club—^Day, Scanlon, Smith and Whitney, meet me Oct. 27, at 7 ;80 p. m. at 217 South Grant. —McCRACKEN.
Y. W. C. A. Members—^Recognition services for all members at 4 p. m., Oct. 27, in room 1, Memorial Union Building. —JONES.
NOTICE . Hairy Ape Cast—^The following people report to the Tower Room in the Union Building at 4 p. m. Oct. 27: Sara Schaff, Thais Crepps, Fay O’Bannon, Gaby Roe. Willie Gross, Barbara Gibbs, Harriet Billings, Mary Anna Wilson, R.- A. l Douglas Harvey, Bruce Witwer, V. J. Skachinshe. J. R. Jarvis, Norman Axelrod, G. Devore, Carl Lutz, Henry Frazie, Robert Harruff, C. R. Luke, Theodore Swanson, Robert Conley, W. R. Stroud, Joseph SmaU, J. F. Moore. Charles Williams, Don Carson, Garland Craig, Glen Cross, Henry Baugh, Irvin Luthi, Walter Hoover, Louis Jullard, Gene Wright. —CARMICHAEL.
Enjoy the week-end in New York Visit
Sparkling Dance lUusic Gay Entertainment DmiVER-DillVCmG-tSUPPER-DAlVCIlllG
Music in the Moi^an Manner by RUSS MORGAIV AND HIS BILTMORE ORCHESTRA Supper-Couvert $1.00 Saturdays $3.00 No supper-couvert for dinner patrons
Private dining rooms for dinners and dances. Special college room rates THE BILTMORE Madison Avenue and 43rd'Street • New York Adjoining Qrand Central
Union Workers—Our committees wih meet in the Union workshop, Tuesday, Oct. 27, at 4 p. m. Union Workers—^Following men meet in the Union workshop, Tuesday, October 27, at 4 p. m.—Important—D. F. Muller, T. D. Cabonargi, P. S. Schreiber, R. D. McCreery, A. R. Fowler, T. Garland, J. A. Girlen, D. S. Mortenson, J. M. Rudolph, L. E. Busch, J. D. Katz, E. Thomas, and Saxon Shewalter. —PUTZE.
Y. W. C, A. All girls who have signed membership cards for Y. W. C. A. should attend recognition service, October 27, at 4 p. m. in room I of Memorial Union Building. —COAN.
Here’s to our Football Team H. G. '^Deac'^Reisner...Student Book Supply Store 325 State St., West Lafayette, Ind. You fousht a good battle and we are still for you
A GREAT FEATURE —throat protection. Z. iacki»." lias* iES!2!
ItsoJjqht Smoke!
Your Throat Kept Clear for Action I Smoke round after round of Luckies, and your throat keeps clear, your voice keeps clear. For Luckies are a light smoke! It is only Luckies that give your throat the protection offered by "Toasting.” So make your choice a light smoke and then smoke round after round and they’ll still taste good — your mouth will taste clean. For Luckies are a light smoke — made from choice center leaves... the top price leaves ... of the "Cream of the Crop” tobaccos! * * NEWS FLASH! * *
25 Winners in One Week Forget to Sign Their Names Many people, in their hurry to mail in their entries in Your Lucky Strike “Sweepstakes," have forgotten to sign their names. In one week alone 25 winners did not receive their prizes because we didu’t know to whom to send them. Have you entered yet? Have you won your delicious Lucky Strikes? There’s music on the air. Tune in "Your Hit Parade”—Wednesday and Saturday eveoings, Listen, judge and compare the tunes—then try Your Lucky Strike "Sweepstakes." And don’t forget to sign your name. And if you’re not already smoking Luckies, buy a pack today. Maybe you’ve been missing something.
OF RICH, RIPE-eODIED/TOBACCO - "IT’S TOASTED"
, The AmerioHi Tobaew OompwKr