‘V'.. •’■•/•V'-’" • .a;
l?uriiue TSxaantnt
' -Tv" ■ ' , rt:
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, T^JESDAY, DECEMBER 1«, 1936
VOLUME XLVni
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
Facility Rejects Calendar Recommendation
Dr. O’Brien To
Make Special Talk Friday
Tariff Authority Will Address History, Economics Students^ Convo Thursday Subject Changed To "Our Experiments In President Making” Dr. Robert Lincoln O’Brien, chairman of the U. S. Tariff Commission who will appear on the University convocation program in Eliza Fowler Hall Thursday evening, will speak before students in history and economics Friday morning at 11. The place of meeting has not yet been arranged. “Our Experiments In President Making” will be Dr. O’Brien’s subject at the convocation instead of “Our International Trade Policy,” the topic he was originally scheduled to speak on. He is referred to in Washington and elsewhere as the “power behind the throne,” and is particularly qualified to speak on his chosen subject by virtue of a term served as private secretary to President Grover Cleveland.
Alumni Will
Hear Newhall
Commentator To Talk At Indianapolis Dinner
At the Indianapolis Purdue Alumni Association banquet which will be held on the roof garden of the Severin Hotel Thursday evening at 8:30, Bob ; Newhall, noted radio sport commentator of WLW, will address the Boilermaker football squad and coaching staff. Tribute In addition to paying tribute to the courage of the Boilermaker squad which overcame tremendous early season handicaps to finish with five wins, two losses, and one tie, University followers are planning to pay tribute to Coach Noble Kizer for his splendid work in directing the squads of the last seven years.
Chemists Present
Wonder^ Film
“The Wonderworld Of Science,” a film sponsored by E. I. DuPont, will be presented by Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical honorary fraternity, and the A. I. Ch. E. to the pubr lie today at 4:15 in the lecture hall of the Electrical Engineering Building, according to an annoimcement by R. H. Chandler.
Bowling Champs Split Series With Indianapolis Team
John Leahy and John Barrett, University doubles bowling champions, split a two-match series with an Indianapolis team last Sunday to bring their total to three won and one lost. The University team lost in the afternoon’s bowling on the Union alleys, 1,963 pins to 1,867. Lindop Outstandini; ..^ Lindop, of Indianapolis, was the outstanding bowler of the match, bowling seven games out of eight over 200 in the evening’s performance, and averaging 200 for the day. Leahy was best for the University team averaging 199.
Sing, YWCA—Carols
The Y. W. C. A. cabinet is planning to smg Christmas carols in West Lafayette Thursday evening following a dinner in the Union at 6 p. m. A short wo:i^hip service will follow dinner. ''
Christmas Spirit Begins Yearly Campm_ Invasion
Fraternities Play Santa To 400 Lafayette Children
"Gee, fellers, there IS a Santa Claus!” So said one tattered urchin at the Delta Tau Delta house Sunday afternoon, his stomach stuffed with turkey, candy jammed into his grimy pockets, and a couple of brand-new toys tucked under his arm. Before the week is out, 440 other underprivileged kids will have a similar treat, for the fraternities are joining in their annual drive to give Lafayette’s poorer
the
Combined Choirs To Present Christmas Cantata At Convo
of
children a glimpse
Christmas spirit.
Some of the children need a bit of scrubbing, and are a trifle backward about joining in the games, for theirs is a hard lot, and all of this seems rather new. But when the table is loaded with everything good to eat, a Christmas tree blazes with lights, and Santa comes in
R. F. Brinson, chairman of the committee, and Harold Skinkle, Y. M. C. A. boys’ secretary, requests that all organizations should take at least one picture of the group they are entertaining to be used by the Y. M. C. A. secretary.
with a bag of presents—well, it makes a feller forget about his ragged clothes and unkempt hair. Every year the fraternities cooperate with Harold Skinkle, boys’ secretary of the Y. M. C. A., w^ho supplies names and addresses of the less fortunate boys and girls between the ages of 7 and 10. Each house has as its guests, from 10 to 20 children for dinner and an afternoon of fun and games. Practical presents as well as toys help to bring Christmas cheer to those to whom Christmas would otherwise be just another dreary day.
Wendt To Discuss Cylinder Castings
R. E. Wendt, instructor in charge of foundry work will speak tonight at 7:30 in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops on the various phases of casting and how to make a gasoline engine cylinder, Motion Picture The lecture will include the casting of various metals, a motion picture on the moulding and casting of a gasoline engine cylinder, and casting cleaning and preparation for machine work.
Kappas Capture Co-ed Bowling Title
The Kappas will soon have a shiny cup for their new honse. This cup will b% presented to the Kappas as a reward for winning the woman’s bowling championship last Saturday afternoon. The Kappas cinched the cup when they defeated ward 1, 1,777 pins to 1,702, in the finals. Byall, of the ward 1 team, bowled the high game of the day with 153 pins, Sundvahl of the Kappa squad was just one pin behind with 162.
Gimlet-Reamer Battle Ends In ^Scoreless Tie’, 99-99
“The Birth Of Christ,” a Christmas cantata by Alfred Wooler, will be presented by the combined Concert Choir, University Choir, Men’s Glee Club, and Girl’s Glee Club tomorrow night in Eliza Fowler Hall. At 7:40 o’clock recordings of Christmas carols will be amplified in front of Eliza Fowler Hall through the cooperation of John Hammond, technician of WBAA. A string ensemble from the University Orchestra
which is under the direction of
By Dick Obenchain
Gimlet’s Galloping Ghouls held the Reamer Rollicking Ramblers to a 99 to 99 triple overtime “scoreless tie” last night at the Lafayette Round Gardens before a record breaking crowd of 73 frenzied spectators and two Pi Fis (Blocker and Bryant). The Gimleters were attired (?) while the not-outdone Ream-
ers appeared on the scene in
side of bloomers. The Gimlet squad wore identification cards around their necks while the Reamers relied on their diversity of costumes for identification. Rousing Start The game got off to a rousing start when Mumps Mueller, better known as Brief-Case-Benny, or Spudsie-Jug, dribbled through the entire Reamer team. Mumps missed as usual and Hack Humphreys, Gimlet forward, followed in and scored. It was the wrong basket. Score: Reamer 2, Gimlet 0. Mueller and Humphreys jerked. Somebody Stole A Breath The game contiilued in breath taking fashion through the five minute halves up to the final gun. At the end of the game, due to some kind of a mix up in the vicinity of the scoring box, the score stood tied at 2 to 2. Because of lack of time, the second time-out was omitted and the two rival team’s entered the third overtime period. At this time, each team had ten men on the floor. Ambling Abbott tripped on Spud Mueller’s tails and fell, allowing Ace Forster to slip into the stands for a couple of bruises. (Perhaps
YWCA Lends Santa A Hand; Asks Help
Dolls, tin soldiers, toy airplanes, and any other gift suitable for children from 7 to 10 years of age, will be accepted by the Y. W. C.
A„ to be distributed to under priv-
ileged children at the annual settlement house party Thursday at 4 o’clock. Gifts can be placed in the box at the Y. W. C. A. office. Jean Brown is in charge of the settlement house party, and invites all those interested to attend.
Acacia Pledges Five
Acacia fraternity announces the pledging of the following men: B. E, Petry, Terre Haute; R. N, Whiting, Chicago, 111.; J. P. Taylor, Montclair, N. J.; P. W. Homrigbous, Chicago, 111.; and R. L. Salem, . , ,
after Blocker or Bryant.). During the riot that ensued Eight-ball Ehinger, Baby Brinson, and Jumpy Girard caught Goory and Hunter doctoring the books and made a dash'for the score board controls. It was a tie. The scoreboard, used to more gentle handling ran wild. On the third time around the circuit, Smith jerked the wires and it stopped at 99 to 99. Attention—^if anyone finds Forster’s Gimlet hat
please return to owner.
Cadets Will Attend Christmas Banquet
Cadet OflScers will greet Santa Claus and exchange burlesque gifts at their annual Christmas banquet at noon today in the Memorial Union Building. A musical program has been arranged, and wiU 6e broadcast by WBAA from i2:16 to 12:30. Several faculty members will attend the banquet.
Claude R. Wickard On Ag Program
Claude R. Wickard, recently named director of the North Central Division of the AAA, will address a two-day agricultural conference here Thursday and Friday. He will discuss the 1937 agricultural program with members of state committees, their farmer field representatives, and members of the state extension service. Other speakers on the program here, representing the AAA, will be E. C. Paxton and R. E. Strazheim.
Dr. Cutler Receives Russian Wheat Samples For Experimental Work
A dozen samples of hardy Russian wheat, the product of Soyiet plant breeders who visited the University farms last summer, were received here recently by Dr. G, H. Cutler, head of the agronomy department. The Russian wheat is bred for winter-hardiness and disease resistance, nnd will be crossed with native wheat to produce strains adapted to Indiana conditions.
Robert Phillips will play a similar program from behind the stage inside the hall. Processional The processional, “Joy To The World,” will begin at 8 o’clock, to be followed with a carol sing by the choirs and. audience. At 8:16 a
The Purdue Concert Choir, pictured above, along with the Purdue Glee Club, will present the Christmas cantata this evening at Eliza Fowler Hall.
mixed choir o^,26 voices, a men’s chorus of 90 voices, and a women’s chorus of 90 voices will present the cantata “The Birth Of Christ.” “Silent Night,” the recessional, will conclude the program at 9 o’clock.
Plan Christmas Food Donations
Virginia C. Meredith Club and micron > Nu, home economics honorary, are sponsoring a Christmas food donation for the Salvation Army in Lafayette. Co-eds are being asked to give one can of food each. The donations are to be left in the main lobby of the Home Economics Building today or tomorrow. The committee who will distribute the food is composed of Barbara Harrison, Omicron Nu; Mildred Mills and Irisellen Funk, Virginia C. Meredith Club.
Alpha Zeta WiU Induct Six Tonight
Alpha .Zeta, national agriculturul honorary fraternity, will hold its fall initiation banquet this evening at 6 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. Six pledges will be presented to members and alumni. J. A. Andrew, local attorney and state representative, will speak on “Social Security,” and Cliff Hardin, president of the honorary, will preside.
REGISTRATION WORK
Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, February 2 and 3 are requested to leave their names at the Registrar’s office before the Christmas holidays. Students who have worked at previous registrations or have had office or clerical experience are preferred. S’TONE; Registrar.
Next Year’s Schedule
Unchanged
Executive ComiiiittCNe Refuses To Consider Original Report Substitute Fails
Report Called For Longer Thanksgiving And Lengthened School Year
The student request for a longer Thanksgiving holiday in the future was denied yesterday when the. faculty refused to adopt the changes suggested by the special calendar committee recently. The faculty -executive board opened the way for the faculty action when it tangled up the situation by forcing Prof. R. B. Wiley, chairman of the calendar committee, to depart from the report presented by his committee and present a substitute plan, which the faculty later refused to adopt. Original RepiNrt The original report called for a Thanksgiving holiday metending over the week-end, compensating for this and changes previously made by lengthening the school year one week for the general student body and four days for seniors. Also recommended, and adopted by the faculty, were a change m the date of commencement, placing it on the Saturday afternoon preceding the Tuesday on which it is or(Continued on page 4)
Show ^Book Fair^ In Browsing Room
Students wishing to view the latest in fiction, biography, science, chemistry, nature, and humor, should plan to drop in at the Browsing Room today and see the “Book Fair.” Many new and unusual books are on display and may-be inspected by anyone. The books on exhibit are not for sale, contrary to a previous announcement, but are shown to students in order that they may see the progress that has been made in book publishing during the past decade. No admission is charged and Mrs. L. W. Josselyn, who is in charge, urges everyone interested to attend.
Pistol Team Pkospects Tryout Tuesday At 4
Tryouts for the University Pistol team are to start Tuesday at 4 p. m. on the pistol range in the Armory, according to Captain W. L. Kay, of the military department. Captain Kay stated that eligible men will be selected from the novice pistol groups and from those who tried out last year and show promise. The eliminations will probably be made some time aftcar the Christmas holidays, and intensive training for the team will start at the beginning of the second semester.
Wesl^ Honorary Takes 12 Members
Initiation into the Theta chapter of the Wesley Players, national heifeorary dramatic fraternity, was hs^ Sunday moming at the Weslegp Foundation foir 12 members. Fallowing the ceremony, breakfati; wr«s served to aU memb^ and a number of guests. The follawmg pledges were Initiated: Marie Byers, Ruth Rehflw)e» Damon McFndden, Robert Henry, Loretta Van Rie, Harriet Yoder, Bd South, Milo Eaton, Editii WhiiMiy, Alico Breitwiesor,' Kathryn Merritt, and Don Hur^
.-’'i
I 1
4
yPage Two
THE
PURDUE EXPOHE^TT
r w
3x ru !■ ,
The Calendar Situation
About two woeks ago the special committee on the University calendar reported on the various changes proposed in the calendar. Among the changes recommended were a Thanksgiving holiday extending over the we^-end; the extension of each semester to a full sixteen weeks; a shift in the date of commencement to the Sunday afternoon P**®" ceding the Tuesday on which it has been held in the past; and a change in the time of Gala Week and the baccalaureate sermon, moving them up to the first Sunday in May. When the report was presented to the faculty executive committee, the Thanksgiving holiday was adopted, but the semesters were shorten^. On account of this shortening of the semester under the executive committee’s arrangement, the general faculty, which inet yesterday, did not approve the Thanksgiving holiday. The adoption of the report as made by the calendar committee was defmitely thrown out when the general faculty failed to give its approval to the holiday. Student opinion is definitely in favor of the extended Thanksgiving holiday, with the provision that none of the other holidays be cut down. The calendar committee’s report took student opinion into consideration; it thoroughly considered the situation before it lengthened the school year by a week, and reached the conclusion that, because of the Thanksgiving holiday and a longer period between the two semesters, and because all of the courses would then be based on the same number of class periods, the proposed calendar would be acceptable to the student body. The action of the executive committee might be construed as a combination of lack of consideration of the time necessary and available for instruction, and reluctance to ask instructors to spend more time in Lafayette. The general faculty apparently did not take into consideration the rights and opinion of the student body; rather, it decided that its personal interests would preclude a lengthening of the school year, and so voted. It should be noted, however, that there were many faulty members who did take student opinion into consideration and voted for the proposal. It is therefore those who forget that the most essential part of a University is its student body who deserve the condemnation of that student body. But if, possibly, everyone was working for the eventual good of the University, let those who voted down the calendar committee’s proposal suggest a new plan whereby student desires may be realized. If no such plan is forthcoming in the near future, then it will be known for a fact that our faculty has chosen to forget the expressed opinion of the student body.
A Real Tangle
No amount of head-scratching by fraternity men and sorority women seems to solve the problem of just where they stand with the social security tax. Present consensus is that they are among the taxables. A few glimmerings of hope still exist, however, that they can avoid the tax. ^ The simplest provision of the tax as it undoubtedly affects fraternities and sororities is that eight or more employees working for a specified length of time each year automatically put the employer Xthe particular house) within the scope of the federal enactment. This is clear to most persons. The term “wages” when applied to the eight employees was the next snag. Is food considered as wages? Student help, if food could be classified as wages would make up the eight employees along with the salaried help, in almost any Greek house. At present wages has been defined broadly enough—at least for the purposes of the social security act—^to include meals. But it has taken more than a year to find this out. If the act begins to operate after the first of next year on such a schedule, the government may as well settle down to the biggest tangle that could ever come about. —Daily fflini.
Ah, Captain BECKLEY of the militai’y department, has finally gotten the right pronunciation of DON PARQUHARSON’S name— his class darn near passes out when the unexpected happened—^not that he hasn’t tried hard, but that name to him is as hard as saying Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers is for me ...
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Hooray For My Side
Peace And Profits
People concerned about world peace, and that means everybody, may have reason to despair at the picture jn Europe, but they can well take heart at the action of a Rochester, N. Y., optical company. The firm of Bausch and Lomb have announced that they have rejected millions of dollars in orders from foreign governments for artillery fire-control instruments, which they manufacture. In 1914, we recall, some American corporations jumped at the chance to make profits from war. Their trade, this country now knows, was one of the factors that ensnarled us in that conflict, and the policy of Bausch and Lomb indicates something tremendously different in this regard. It puts teeth in the President’s declaration that if we must have the choice of profits or peace, the nation will answer—“we choose peace,”—^Daily lUini.
^urbue exponent
FeuUM In 1888
liePRESBNTBD POR NATIONAI. ADVBRTI8INO BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AvE New York NY. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO 1.08 ANOELES • PORTIJIND • SEATTLE Eateied aa BseonO elaas nuitter at tbe post offlee, Lafajette, In4lana. DsUvered bf maO, 88.60 per year; deliTezed by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by sinsle copy, 8 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Biui&css Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORlAl, STAFF ■dHor-in-Chief — — W. T. Hunt nanasins Editor H. H. Morris Assoeiats Editors K. A Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. EL Forster, a. P. Msnion, 0. L. Sadler thipbomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin. J. R, Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. KeUer, E. H. Kellogs. K. B. O’Neil, C. D. Sdiroeder, H. L Stsnback, D. B. Vance, WOMEN'S BTAFF . ■ „„ _ Helen Creech Associate liditors — Jeanne Janousek, Dpris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke advsrtisinsr Hanager Hetty Barnett BUSINESS STAFF J nsinsss ICanager Jt. J. Hulse stJonal AdverUsinE Manager I,. H. Brown ' AdYertlsing Manager J>. C. Miller MpnWVCr --rr-^ « J. P. Girard 8POBT8 STAFF ' SpMfts EdHrY [ T- . - ~ — — Jj, D. Wood ilsoosliits S^evts Witora,— ^W. EL Filleld, S B. Griffiths, B. F. Obenchaln Jssne Editm’—^R. I. Stanbaek. — nil. I I Ml, .I—...
With the struggle in Spain apparently still raging, though crowded out of the headlines by the sensational events in England recently, opinion has been greatly divided as to which side is in the right. Even in this country there are many who uphold each cause. The loyalist government was originally selected by the people, but, during the war, fell into the hands of the extreme radicals. At a great military disadvantage, the government has gaiped the support of thousands because it was the government of the people. The rebels, on the other hand, are backed by the military, Wealthy, and church groups—supposedly a minority. The contention that the rebels would restore peace and good government to Spain is counterbalanced by the fact that their victory would most certainly mean a fascist dictatorship. The loyalists attack on the Catholic church has done much to turn the Christian world toward the rebel side. But the thing often forgotten is that the Spanish church in the past has done far more than its shpe to oppress the poor and to lower the living standards of the common people. Owning a large share of the total wealth of the country, and using its great power and influence often against the best interests of the masses, the church might almost have deserved a small part of the following destruction of its property and personnel.
MISTAKE NO. 1 BLANCHE KERNEL, independent, coy, and sophisticated lassy of the campus is pulling the wrong tsrpe of line on members of the same fraternity—^when one called her Saturday night about a date she said, “sorry, too tired”—^no. 2 from same house calls; “sorry, too tired”—^no. 3 calls, “I’d love to go out”—date with no. 3 set for 9 p. m. ■no. 3 already had date so Miss BLANCHE is stood up—^no. 4 of same frat calls and asks BLANCHE for date—she accepts—^no. 4 and BLANCHE go out, and while buzzing around run into nos. 1, 2, and 3 ... was her face colored .
The Phi psis are on the sick list —Doc MILLER gave them sleeping powders Friday—Saturday saw a lot of sleepy lads, as usual. .. ’Tis mistletoe season—^HURRAH HURRAH—^at WRH, a sprig was placed over the chair which is usually occupied by one certain gal— she fooled them by changing her seat for once—such a bashful little girl . . . BETTY ANN FLORER, official welcomer at the Alpha Chi open house Sunday, isn’t that way —at least she took care of all men who entered in the appropriate manner— she was standing under a sprig of said parasite—^ICENNY FORSELL didn’t hesitate to take advantage of the situation . ..
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Not a tremor—I must have broken his spirit, eh Noggins?”
ielder’s.... ....choice
•By Bob Walpolei —^fc—
Bradley Tech didn’t have much to offer in opposition to the Boilermaker quintet Saturday night, but we can’t say that Purdue looked so tough ... perhaps it is a good thing that we meet weaker teams at the start of the season, for a tough five would have licked ’em . . . . —^fc—
Frosh Co-ed Activities
Freshman women students might well not be permitted to go out fpr student activities their first semester in the University. In the confusion of living away from home for the flrst time, making new friends and social contacts, and adjusting themselves to a large university instead of a small high school most of the new co-eds need all their time to themselves. The Student Union organization has taken the first step by refusing to use freshmen until the second semester. How much necessary work is done by frosh women? Not enough effort is expended, but that the sophomores could manage. In many organizations the sec-ond-year girls’ main occupation is to keep the freshmen busy. Many new girls go out for activities for one or two reasons, to meet boys and have a good time or because a sorority urges the idea upon the unwilling victims. For these reasons, the girls go to some introductory meetings, sign up for activities, aijd perhaps paint a few posters or listen to speakers. This time could well be spent on school work, in laboratories, ©r on the muchneeded outdoor sports. “We haven’t enough time,” is the annual cry of the freshman-class. If activities were eliminated from the crowded schedule of the first-year co-eds, possibly they could complete their studies by 11 o’clock and get to bed. If an organization is so dependent on freshmen for members as to be strongly affected, it had bettertonceive new ideas to strengthen its influence on campus.—^E. C, P.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
“Fickle” KELSAY, the theta who just got through taking BENNY HENSLER’S pin the other day for the third time, has given the same back to him again—^BENNY should buy two pins one for KELSAY to play with in her og and on moments . . .
What’s worse ^han one Chi O except another Chi 0?
Those were EVA SPEAKER’S that JACK 600RY wore in the Gimlet—Reamers basketball game last night . . .
GOLD BRICK? ? ?—who gets it? —BEER MUG??—who get it??? —SANTA CLAUS??—who will he be??—^the military Christmas party this noon will tell .. .
Was the Chi O program? ? ? ? ? ? —Yes.—^by the way why did the one little pledge wear a false face when sho did her BALLOON DANCE—^is it because all Chi Os are false faces ? ? ? ....
MARS — WATCH — LOOK WATCH — MARS ...
Just about the time the Pi Kappa Phi prexy is showing some real signs of progress with Pi Phi BOSSY MILBURN, ’tis rumored that his efforts may be in vain, for complications are seemingly developing .. .
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON* INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
ARC
TODAY - WEDNESDAY RICHARD DIX and KAREN MORLEY in
“DEVIL’S SQUADRON” — and — EDWARD EVERETT HORTON and LOIS WILSON ,
in
“YOUR UNCLE DUDLEY”
The sophomore starting outfit looked pretty good . . in fact their percentage of shots made was better than the veteran members of the varsity ... during the first half when last year’s lineup was on the bench, Purdue scored on 24.1 per cent of their tries ... in the second round, with the first stringers in for most of the time, they scored on 23.3 per cent of their shots . . . each half resulted in seven baskets for the Boilermakers . . . —fc—
Bradley Tech scored five buckets in 18 tries the first stanza, and only four out of 32 in the last. . . their total percentage was 18 per cent... —fo—
Now for the individual records .. Young made three out of nine for 33.3 per cent. . . Sines one in mne, for 11 per cent. . . . Malaska completed two in five for 40 per cent.. and Downey one in one, for 100 per cent . . . _fc_
Now for a little more encouragement talk . . . Glen Downey did a swell job of guarding, and Dale Hutt supplied the scoring power, along with Anderson’s centering during the first half. . . . Purdue now has an average of 46 points per game, which is still better than a
FAMILY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Double Feature
Jane WITHERS BACK AGAIN IN PEPPER
— and—• JACK HOLT ‘CRASH DONOVAN”
Sivm/Nt
MARTHA
RAYE SHIlUiV RQSS WDtMWMV eiRi'i ROFT. CUMMINGS Monrq* OWSLEY P
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
LUMA
point a minute . . . last year they scored at the tremendous speed of 42 markers per contest for the entire season....
—’fo— Ek Skoronski, 1935 football captain, was among those present at the game....
Squash Team Gains Two Victories Over
Dayton Squads
The University’s varsity squash team traveled to Dayton, Ohio last week-end and came hack with a pair of victories. In the initial matchl the Boilermakers defeated the Dayton Y. M. C. A. 3 to 2, as Frosty Fields^ Maury Wakefield and Leon Brodsky came through with victories.
In the final encounter with the Air Corps Officers of Wright Field, Lucek, Fields, Sokolowsky, and Wakefield won a 4 to 1 decision for the Old Gold and Black team.
MARS
TODAY . WEDNESDAY EBMil
Onr Ganar Comedy Mickey Mouse In Color
ffiosil
NOW PLAYING
HER HEART WAS TOO BIG FOR ONE HAN TO POSSESS! ONE WORLD WAS TOO SMALL TO SHARE ALL HER LOVE I
Where the fiahtinar wan t|Mld(est. •.
■ atl Her Ufe
her conraKe waa higheat
was an inspiration to all womankind! Her love a blessing to alt
mankind I
KAY'S-AKED m GREATNESS AS THE: KIRST 'WOMAN JN WNITE
Kay Francis
lif Ai(ii!;ri>i(:;,vi:.iv.i.. '''THE
WHITE ANGEL
UC I A N, :;H .U ;N : X E B yUonaiaWoods .Niqullrucp .-Pontild 'Y y Crisp • Hopry p'Noill . Riily Mouth ’I
'I ’ •<'.“ "V-- V ■ > g’HE,-PtJBDOEr-«XPONENT - ■’ ■ .ssmbtiim#/!'vvasit ,./^68.a^,:PeeetttD6r.ie,..3)^ . - in., mu
TEAM
"‘'uV’i
Widseth Wins Tackle Position Second Time THE ALL-AMERICA FOOTBALL TEAM FOR 1936
Selected by
THE ALL-AMERICA BOARD OF FOOTBALL
(Title Reg. U. S. Pat. Office)
^_Glenn S. Warner, Chairmatt, P*ank Thomas, Elmer Layden, Christy
Walsh, and Howard H. Jones.
Position Player College End Tinsley Louisiana State U. End Kell^ Yale Tackle Wideetfe Minnesota Tackle KSnard Mississippi Guard Staicevich WasMngton Guard R«id Nortfewestem Center Basrak Duduesne Quart^back FaJbasciii » Santa Clara Halfback Parker Duke Halfback Ryan Utah Aggies Fullback Francis ^ Nebraska Wdl, here they are—^Eleven Young Men of the Hour: Basrak, Tinsley ahd Widseth; Francis and Kinnard; Starcevich and Reid; Parker and Falaschi; KELLEY AND RYAN! This group selected by the All-America board, in its thirteenth annual session atk Los Angeles, Cal., after an all-day parley is not only proclaimed superiority and one that
packs multitudes into stadiums, coliseums, and bowls from late Sep-
tember to January 1. Ends—^Kelley and Tinsley
Tinsley is unquestionably the greatest defensive end in football today and Kelley has no peer on offense. Teamed together, this pair of wingmen would surpass any two that ever played on the same squad.
“Money-Player”
Kelley is unquestionably the grreatest “money-player” in football —college or professional. He is dynamite in a pinch. During three years he accepted 49 passes and made 892 yards for an average of 18 yards per pass. In 1936 alone, he gained 372 yards on forward passes
and lost one! ■
Tinsley of Louisiana State is perhaps the greatest single star in the south today. Coach Thomas of Alabama says if he were picking a oneman Ali-America, the vote would go to Tinsley. He weighs 200 pounds stands 6 feet tall and is considered by many observers to be the greatest end In southern football since
the war.
Tackles—^Widseth and Kinard Widseth, selected by the board in 1935, survives the obstacles and the jinx of a repeater and two gold stars will adorn his 1936 all-Amer-ica sweater and blanket, instead of one. Thus, at the outset of the current year he was not only a seasoned veteran but a marked man and , the heavy artillery of North(Continued on page 4)
the best in the land for its kidking, Mocking, passing, intelligence, rushing, and potential team-work, but the personnel of the gold-starred line-up incerpo^tes all tiie elements of surprise, showmanship, individuality, and sheer genius that spells the clifference between a team of mere
“DEAC”
HAS EVEBTTHlNe
for a
COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNER
XMAS SPECIAL
Sweaters of every Imaginable style and color are just right for
the student. Priced at $2.95 - $3.95
SOUTHWORTH’S
Give a Practical Gift
Afti«tSwpP
lie*
Oil Color Sets, Water Color Sets, Pastel Sets, etc.
aHIH -AlSOP UFAYUTE PAMT CO.
682 Main
HOME MADE CHOCOLATES and BON BONS
PACKED AND WRAPPED FOR MAILING TO ANY PLACE IN THE COUNTRY. Glatss Confectionery 636 Main St. ^
Willard Fawcett, Butler guard, was one of the best defensive players in the state last year. The Butler junior is very shifty and a clever hall handler. Willo, as he is called by frimids and teammates, was an all-state guard, playing on the state championship team of Logansport in 1934. Although he is only live feet ten inches tall, Fawcett will bear plenty of watching in the Purdue-Butler clash tomorrow night.
•f -f -f
■f ^
4- 4- 4- >
SQUASH
4- -f 4- -f 4-
4- 4- 4-
4 4
CLASS "A” 4:00—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. CLASS “B” 5:0Q—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigtna Chi or Alpha Chi Bhow
4- 4-
4 4
4 4- 4“ 4- 4- 4 4
BASKETBALL
4444-4-4-4-f44'>*> Court 1—Official, Hobart 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Kappa Delta Bho. 7 ;16—Delta-Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8:26—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Gamma
Delta.
8:40—^Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Tau Delta.
Court 2—Official. Abell
7:00—Sigma Phi Bpsilon vs. Sigma Nu. 7:16—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Chi. 8:26—Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Kappa
Psi.
8:40—Sigma Ahoha Spsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Court 8—Official. (%apman 7:00—^Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma Bho. 7:16—Theta Xi vs. Thelta Tau. 8:26—Phi Kfuppa vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8^40—Alpha Chi Bho vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Boilermakers Down Bradley Tech Netters Purdue Unimpressive lu Second Game 35 To 25 Victory R. F. Obenchain The Boilermaker net squad made a po6r showing in winning from Bradley Tech, which is a school of only about 500 n^bn students and which has only held basketball practice for eight days this year, by the score of 35 to 25 at the Jeff gsrm last Saturday night. The second team started the game and made a much better showing in holding the Bradley offense than did the varsity. During the opening seconds of the second half when the varsity scored six points in less than a minute, the Purdue team looked great. However, Bradley called for time and came back to score as many points as Purdue during the pest of the game. Purdue (35) B. F. P. Zink, f 2 0 2 Sines, f 10 0 Hutt, f 3 0 0 Holloway, f 0 0 0 Young, f 3 4 1 Andepson, c 0 2 1 Sewapd, c 0 0 1 Swan, g 0 0 0 Malaska, g 2 0 3 Barsha, g 0 0 0 Dickinson, g-f Ill Downey, g 1 0 4 Totals 14 7 13 Bradley (25) B. F. P. Horstman.f 2 0 1 Bare, f 0 2 0
Duke University SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DUBHAhi, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are i^ven each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduatiloD In three and one quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work, including tlie subjects i^Mcified for Grade A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. BISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phbne 6701
Oniufeuun Hume^Ee Oub Initiates Ouiatenon Home Economies Cluh was entertained at the South River road home of Mrs. WesoloSki,^ with a luncheon. The county home economics demonstration agent. Miss Margaret Downing^ passed out Inlets containing holiday redipes. A Christmas program was followed by initiation of new members and installation of officers.
QUICK nCK*UP FOR IREDEYES
Earl Gerkensmeyer, regular forward on the Butler squad, is a former Sesnoaour, Indiana star. He saw plenty of action as a reserve last year. He weighs 160 pounds and is 6 feet tall.
Mihal, g 1 0 0 Getz, f 0 0 2 Jacobs, f...„ 10 1 Thaus, f 0 0 0 Hutchins, c 3 12 Schunkjg 10 0 Nunes, g 0 0 3 Panish, g 14 2 Orsbum, g 10 0 Totals 9 7 13 Officials—^Kaufman and Feezle.
EXTEA MONEY for Xmas vacation. No experience necessary. Representing John C. Winston Co. See Mr. Slagle at Fowler Hotel, Tuesday, December 16, after 11 a. m.
Wont to oive your oyesolififIfsoMurino. Soothing, iffrashing to hot, tirod, roddened oyus. Craot for oyw Irritated by rood* Ing, dust, wind, smoke, or light gloro. Use It doily. P/iVL Fob FVFC VOUR 1 Auol^
XMAS SPECIAL Especially suited as a gift is the muffler. A large assortment at $1.00 up soirmwoRTH's
LYIK E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we dp, but we do it weU Wallace Bloek . 322 Ferry Sl Opposite Post Office
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
CHRISTMAS RECITAL AND DANCING PARTY WEDNESDAY, DEC. 16, 8:00 P. M. ADMISSION, 25c CHILDREN’S 1937 CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JAN. 9j ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
“Grdsf to Gtve...Grand to OwnP* THE NEW ROYAi PORTABU COSTS ONLY $1.00 A WEEKl
Qive a New Royal’Portable to a fSavored friend—to a^ Btudeat you wish to see get aheedi For Royals are the best money can buy... wiffi Touch Cootrpl* and many
I^CKER'S
other exclusive features. Choose from 3 handsome models, each sold complete with carrying case. Payn^ts are low-thanks to theSpedal Educational Budget PlanI
$18.20 Main St. '"GIFTS OF DISTINCTION" *tMh-maribfi»Ki!y-t»nsiondevie«
Phona 6477
NEW xROYAL ofilV PORTABLE WITH tough control
A Word to the Wise is Sufficient ,
A Few Dollars Spent
To put your car’s ignidon ^st^n in A-1 condidon.
To have the brakes adjusted. To have perfect assurance against freezing* To have the entire car well lubricated.
( • Will make yom motoring during the vaaoion more enjoyable, more safe, and more economic^
PETER ANDERSBNICO.
525 Albama
' ''si"''
1THE SUBDUE EXI^ONENT
Tuesday, DecetnW l6,1980
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St, Phone 2779.
For Rent—^Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
Boys Roomsr—Clean, warm, comfortably furnished; innerspring mattresses. 201 W. Stadium avenue. Phone 41652.
Wanted—Ride to Trenton, N. J., or vicinity for Christmas vacation. Call Hurd, 76611.
Wanted—Passengers to Florida during Christmas vacation. Drive via Cincinnati, Atlanta, to Talahassee. Call Morris, 35204 or 5037-8 after 4 p. m.
Lost—Girl’s yellow gold Gruen wist watch. Reward. Call 2415.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
BOSSUNG ^ Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
XMAS SPECIAL Shirts are the standard gift for men Plain, striped, checked— with detachable or collar attached for $2.00
snimwoiirH's
SPECIAL ONE 8x 10 PHOTO in BLACK GLASS FRAME WITH PU MONOGRAM AND TRIM IN GOLD TANCO PHOTO STUDIO Above Bartlett's Drug Store
Give a Kodak For Christmas— Complete line of kodaks and all accessories. Headquarters for gus” Candid Camera and Enlargers. Paper, Chemicals for the amateur. All sisses of film in stock. Hines’, 634 Main street.
Wanted—Boy or girl singer for campus band. Call Schilling 6067. Lovely Old Glass— Bric-a-brac, china, prints, many things that will make lovely Christmas gifts at Moore’s Antique Shop, 220 N. 6th street.
Round trip ride to South Bend— For vacation, in new bus. $2.50. Shedd. Phone 7242.
NOTICES No noticM accepjled after 9 p. m.
University Orchestra—Rehearsal has been changed from December 16 to December 1? at 7 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
English 1—Punctuation make-up December 17 at 4 p. m. and at 6 p. m. for students who cannot come at 4. Consult your instiuctor for room assignment. —WYKOFF.
W. A. A. Volleyball—December 16: Alpha Chi Omega vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma at 4.30 in the small gym. Pi Beta Phi vs. Bronx at 4 in the small gym. WRH second floor No. 2 vs. Kappa Alpha Theta at 4 in the large gym. third floor vs. Ward 3, A team at 4:30 in the large gym. —THATCHER
W. S. G. A. Judicial Board—Important meeting at 4 o^clock December 16 in the office. „ —FELDT.
Sigma Pi Sigma Associates—Lecture to be given on high tension electricity December 16, at 7:30 in the Physics Building lecturer room. The speaker, Karl McEachron, will present slides and motion pictures obtained directly from the General Electric Company. —MERRIAM.
Union Sophomores—^My committees meet December 16 at 4 o’clock in the office. * —MYTINGER. W. A. A. Swimming—All co-eds are invited to attend the swimming party of Triton Swimming Club December 17. Please sign up in the Women’s Gymnasium. —TUBBS.
A. I. Ch. E.—^Phi Lambda Upsilon and the A. I. Ch. E. will present a film, “The Wonderworld Of Science,’’ December 16 at 4:15 in the Electrical Engineering Hall. Everyone invited. -CHANDLER.
Vesper Services—^Vesper Services will be held December 16, at 4:06 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation House. Miss Woodhams will show and explain some of the more
ATHLETE’S FOOT FORMULA <‘44’* Will give satisfaction or your money back. Checks the fungus, I soothes the soreness, * relieves intolerable itching. Cools—Comforts.
One jar MED. FOOT SOAP Trial Tube
98c Free 49e
H. G. REiSNER, Student Supplies HOOK'S DRUG CO. HUFFMAN DRUG CO. BARTLETT DRUG CO., 306 State
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The thinking fellow calla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Se per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
SUDDEN Service
RINTING^ Office SWIonery . P liFeddins InvIiaUons
moME -
6 i 8 CASSEL S «•»!«'
P I
I
llP I
Select Your Qiristmas
Now while our stock is complete. A small deposit wpl hold any article until called for. Hays Jewelry Company
famous Madonnas. All students and townspeople are cordially invited. —McEACHRON.
Union Workers — Our committees will meet in the Union workshop December 16 at 4 o’clock. —WIEGANDT, STALLINGS. PUTZB, SHEETS.
Christian Science Organisation—^Regular meeting followed by a business meeting December 15, at 7:15 in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Anyone interested is urged to come. —WILLS.
Purdue Engineers—^Important editorial work December 16 at 4 p. m. Everyone be present. / —JONES.
Student Senate—Meeting December 16 at 7:30 p. m, in room C of the Memorial Union Building. —MARTIN.
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls coming oilt for fencing please be at the Women’s Gym from 4:46 to 6:45 December 16. —BEKO.
Sportswomen—^Meet at 6 o’clock December 16 in W. A. A. office. —WALKER.
Home Economics Girls—^Home economics dinner scheduled for December 15 is cancelled because of the death of Virginia C. Meredith. —MURPHY.
Radio Club Members—The members who want QS’T, the Handbook, or the License Manual at the special club rate are requested to get their money to me as soon as possible. —FORD.
W. A. A. Ping Pong—^December 16 at 4 p. m., Gossard vs. Mounce; 4:20 Bauer vs. H. Plank; 4:40, Lochner vs. Weymouth. December 16 at 4 p. m., Demoret vs. S. Baker ; 4:20, Raebig vs. Speaker. —MAIER.
Home Economic Girls—Leave canned food donations in main lobby of Home Economics Building on December 16 or December 16. —MURPHY.
All-American Football Eleven Chosen (Continued from page ')
western, Nebraska and Washington pounded his position without respite. In spite of this he covered himself with glory in those three gruelling contests. No Superior Kinard did not capture the full five tackle votes on the first ballot, but so far as Pop Warner was concerned, this Mississippi lineman has no superior. He stands 6 feet 1 inch tall, weighs 212 pounds and covers a hundred yards in 10.4 seconds. Guards—Starcevich and Reid Starcevich is a terrific blocker and a deadly tackier, going down field under punts. He weighs 200 pounds, stands 6 feet 10 inches tall and hails from Morgan Park, Duluth, Minn. Best In Middle-West Steve Reid, captain and outstanding lineman on Northwestern University’s Big Ten championship football team, was regarded by conference coaches and officials as the best guard in the middle west. It was Reid’s work in coming out of the line to block opposing ends that set up the Wildcats most effective play—an off-tackle smash by that left halfback. Center—Basrak Here’s where the fireworks were started. Basrak won the decision in a desperate showdown with Herwig of the Golden Bears. With one vote holding out for Fordham’s powerful, roving center, the arguments over Basrak and Herwig held up the meeting for a long time. Quarterback—Falaschi After listening to Howard Jones extol the virtues of Falaschi, no coach in the world of football would dare to pick another quarterback. Falaschi has the distinction of being the first player to invade the charmed circle of All-America, without obtaining a card of merit during the playing season. Fullback—Francis In the games that counted most Francis delivered most. Against Pitt and Minnesota, his defensive play was little short of sensational. Halfbackis—Parker and Ryan Coach W. A. Alexander takes the stand for Duke’s great halfback, in these five pungent pas sages: “In three years of play against Georgia Tech, Ace Parker has yet to make a bad play. (1) Parker is the best punter I have seen in years* (2) Parker is a 100 per cent blocker and tackier. (3) Parker is a fine passer and receiver. (4) Parker is a great ball-carrier. (6) Parker is a fine boy and a great sportsman. And now for Ryan, the razzledazzle hero of the Rockies. He is 21 years of age, stands 6 feet 2% inches tall and weighs 197 pounds. Shades of Merriwell But to read the story of his gridiron prowess is like taking a peep at Frank Merriwell’s personal scrapbook. Against Montana the pride of Utah scored a touchdown in the first few minutes of play. Against Wyoming, he tallied twice in the first five minutes. And so goes his story. Thus ends the story of Kelley and Ryan ... and their fighting nine.., the 11 young men of the hour. (Copsrright 1986, by the Christy Walsh Syndicate.)
Thinking of Christums at Home? Why not send us your Suit and Overcoat now to be Cleaned and Refinished for the trip home. A CROWN CLEANED SUIT LOOKS BETTER
UNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Faculty Refuses Calendar Change (Continued from page 1)
dinarily held, and the shifting of Gala Week and the baccalaureate sermon to the first week in May, which is near Founder’s Day. Both these changes, due primarily to alumni requests, will go into effect in 1937. The calendar committee, which decided upon the changes for report to the faculty, included two representatives of the student body, and attempted to accede to student wishes insofar as possible. Before the executive committee and the general faculty twisted and finally refused to adopt the proposals made in this report, members of the committee were hopeful that their efforts would not be in vain. PURDUE UNIVERSITY Lafayette, Indiana REPORT OF SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON ACADEMIC CALENDAR December 4, 1936 To the President and Executive Committee: At its ninth meeting; on November 23, 1936, the Executive Committee received a petition signed by thirty-eight hundred students requesting that the Thanksgiving recess be increased one and one-half days. After considering this request the Executive Committee action vsras as follows; (Item 4); “For further consideration of questions of calendar, and particularly of arrangements for Thanksgdving, Commencement, and Gala Week, voted that a special committee appointed by the President consisting of representatives of the interests of Faculty, students, and alumni, to study the various proposals and report to the Executive Committee.” This action was approved by the Faculty on November 23, 1936, as shown by Item 4 of the Faculty Minutes. Pursuant to these actions the President on November 26, 1936, issued Executive Memorandum No. 186 appointing the committee and setting forth its duties. The special committee so appointed makes the following recommendations: 1. That the Thanksgiving recess be extended to include Thanksgiving Day and the following Friday and Saturday. (The present recess includes Thanksgiving Day only.) 2. That the calendar be arranged to include sixteen full weeks of class work, except for the loss of Memorial Day which
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Key. for tranks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phono 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
cannot be avoided. 3. That to accomplish the second recommendation the gross length of the academic year be increased from thirty-nine to forty weeks by closing the second semester one week later. 4. That the time for holding commencement exercises be changed from Tuesday to the following Sunday afternoon. 5. That the time for holding the baccalaureate exercises be changed from the Sunday preceding Commencement Day to the first Sunday in May. 6. That the Alumni ABSociation> be permitted to arrange a "Gala Week” program for the days immediately preceding the first Sunday in May. 7. "rhat to acebmplish recommendations two, three, and four the following schedule be adopted: (Note: At this point the report presented copies of both the old calendar and the new
one proposed.) With the above arrangement commencement will occur in various years from June 13 to June 20. The corresponding dates with the present calendar are June 9 to June 16. 8. That no other changes ii( the academic calendar be made at this time. 9. That these recommendations go into effect in September, 1987. In the attached Appendices are given: A, the reasons for the proposed changes, and, B, an example of the affect of the proposed changes in the calendar for 1986-1937. Respectfully submitted, W. T. Hunt, Editor, Exponent. G. W. Martin, President, Student Senate. E. B. Baugh, Executive Secretary, Alumni Association. O. A. Greiner, Faculty. R. B. Stone, Registrar, Faculty. R. B. Wiley, Chairman, Faculty.
• • •
s hme.
SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
ATTENTION STUDENTS Special Train
AT LOW
ROUND TRIP COACH RATES
To all points on Monon, Southern and Western territories. Tickets on sale December 18th to January 1,1937. Return limit, 8:00 a. m., January 11th. Call L. D. Wood, 6701, for full particulars. ALSO SPECIAL TRAINS AS FOLLOWS
Special Train—Dec. 18th Lv. Bloomington.... 4:30 p.m. Greencastle 5.40 p. m. Lafayette 7:20 p. m. Hammond 9:55 p.m. Ar. Chicago 10:30 p. m.
Special Train—Returning Jan. 3 Lv. Chicago 4:00 p. m. Hammond 4:45 p. m. Ar. Lafayette 7:20 p. m. Greencastle 8:50 p.m. Bloomington .... 9:30 p. m.
Travel by train and avoid highway congestion and / accidents. REMEMBER LAST WINTER’S SNOW AND ICE
BUY-OFFICE and HOME NEEDS -FOR CHRISTMAS 6IFTS1937 Calendar Pads and bases complete—^Diaries Desk Blotter Pads and fancy blotters 50c to $5.00 Extra Fine Grade Chair Cushions $1.25 to $5.50 Genuine Leather Brief and Zipper Gases $L75 to $15.00 4 Drawer Olive Green Steel Letter File $15.50 A Fine Oak or Walnut Flat Top Desk $16.50 and $17.50 The Best Automatic Mimeograph Machine $32.50 General Electric Clocks $3.95 to $37.50 The smartest line of desk lamps shown anywhere. 25 styles to select from 95c to $35.00
Come in and look over these fine gifts. Haywood’s
Retail Department
5th and Ferry Sts.