^4^
< ^
Di§ Out All Ybur Scrap For Saturday s Drive
Purdue Engineer To Entertain Editors From 27 Colleges Meef Will Feature Speakers, Movies Purdue Engineer, University publication, and its editor-in-chief, Joe Youngblood, will be host to delegates from 27 members of the Engineering College Magazines Associatidn who are visiting this University for their 22nd annual convention Friday and Satul’day of this week to discuss publishing, editing, advei’tising and other topics related to college magazines. The two day program will begin at 8 a. m. Friday with the registration of members in the Purdue Engineer office. At 9 a. m. the meet-
Fraternities Pledge Full Cooperation
Volume 55, No. 26
Purdua UiviVersity, Lafayatte,
I itffn rrii Ai n ir mi
Army, Nav^ To Discuss IPC Status
All staff members planning to attend the ECMA banquets Friday or Saturday nights, please send reservations to Joe Youngblood at the Purdue Ertgineei*
office in the Union.
Playshop Opens Season Tonight In Fowler Hall Curtain Will Rise Promptly At 7:30
ing will be called to order by R. h.
Taylor, chairman of the ECMA, and .
business reports will be presented, consecutive evenings, open to the
As the curtain rises on tonight’s opening performance of “Cuckoos on the Hearth,” the Playshop will present the student audience with a veteran troupe of performers. Although this evening’s presentation is the initial perfoimance of four
Debris Beauty Contest Nominations To Close
Foiiowins Hifa movkU'SrMT- Soturday Evening
War Council Will Sponsor Special Como Tomorrow Clarification of the various Enlisted Reserves open to University students is the purpose of a special War Convocation sponsored by the Student War Council to be held tomorrow
at 7; 30 p, m. in the Hall of Music.
All students who are now members of some Enlisted Reserve, as well as those who desire to enlist some time this year, are particularly urged to at-
tend. Representatives from each branch of the service will discuss their respective Re-
Collectors Will Work From I To 5; , War Relief To Get Money From Drive
Tuesday, October 13,1942 The Exponent and the University are setting a high goal
for themselves next Saturday afternoon—to collect every available bit of scrap on the campus and in West Lafayette
to be donated toward the war effort.
All available student manpower will be mobilized from 1 until 5 p. m. Saturday afterfioon in a concentrated campaign to clean the town and campus out
until only essential items of critical materials are left. All fraternities have been contacted and they have agreed to delegate men for the drive. All University organzations —co-ops, sororities, residence halls and other organizations—are urged to form groups to help collect the
scrap.
Select “Scrap Captains”
Each of these groups will select
of the Associated Women Students ^ “Scrap Captain” who will meet Kinney and his orchestra Wtll Vocational Conference to be helA W'th Bill Hoskins, Exponent junior pjgy from 8:30 until 11:30 in both October 27 and 28 will be Dean Dor- editor in charge of the diivc, to de- ballrooms of the Union Friday othy Stratton and President E. C. termine which section of the town night. Admission will be free to
serve Corps, stating the ad- Elliott. The “Work to Win” confer- and campus each will cover. The members and $1.10 for nonvantages and opportunities of begin Tuesday night with meeting will be held at 4:15 Friday members. Memberships will not be each and making as definite as nos- Univeisity convocation in the afternoon in Room 355 of the Un- on sale the night of the dance but
^ J l»yr TT_n T4- ?c* fHof fliri t-_ . _i _i i_ __j_
Stratton, Elliott To Head Speakers
At AWS Conference
Speakers To Discuss Women's Vocations Speakers at the opening session
/?ay Kinney^
Will Play
At PI A Dance Members Must Show Passports With Tickets Opening the PI A social calendar.
Plans for the annual Debris beauty contest have just been completed.
terial Side of Printing” will be out the rough spots and “hist shown>This film will be discussed at ’”8:ht fidgits m the play by three 11:30, and at 11:56 a photograph of P^'o-opening performances,
the convention group will be taken. Last Thursday and Friday nights, according to Steve Minton, business A luncheon will be given at 12:15 oast played before an audience managei, but this year the proceed after which the chairman will give of sailors and officers from the naval uie will deviate fiom thei usual in a feport at 2 p. m. At 3 the busi- Us^ming school. Yesterday, the that the contest will be closed to
sible the individual’s status after
enlistment.
Interviews Tomorrow
Interviews for all leseivcs represented at the convocation will be
ion. It is essential that the “Scrap may be purchased at a booth outCaptains” meet at this time, and the side the Sweet Shop from 4 to 5 various groups aic asked to select starting tomorrow night. Passports a man who will have the time free must be shown in order' to purchase
Reserve of the United attend the meeting. Other or- ^ membership and must accompany
ganizations which plan to help the the ticket at the dance, war effort in this manner are asked gay has with his band several
Music Hall.
Dean Stratton has been given leave ftom her duties at Smith College where she is a lieutenant in
the Women
, , , „ , , States Navy. She will discuss vocaconducted all day tomoirow prior , , j ” ,
, J , , tions opened to women and needing . - t to the convocation, and all day -women because of the war. She will notify Hoskins at the Exponent well-known/singers and entertain
ness and editorial groups will sepa- Playeis entertained an audience of the public. Nominations opened looms 302, 303, 305 outline the type of work done ers. His phonograph business is i ° ^ ^ TTr_.j . TT 1 1 .1 .n . . _ «nfl .^flV nt Lhp TTmnn /Tslr»f fViQ . . ^ ^^Scrap Cap- - -I-—J 1 .
of their problems. General publishing problems will be dis'cussed before the entire convention at 4.
BanqiUet Friday
A banqiiet will be held at 6:30 Friday Evening, and VF. Painter, advertising manager of Power Plants Engih’e'ftriti^, wih speak on “Advertising is Like Editing.” Also the awards for the best features in various nihga'zlnes of thO ECMA will be preseiit'ed at the banquet. Saturday morning the confeience will continue with committee meetings from 8 to 9:30. At 9:30 a general discussion of ECMA plans will bb held, and at 10:30 there will be a
West Side co.nvocation. evening in older that the Parker Faniiely’s clevei satii-e on nominees may be published in Suu-
(See PLAYSHOP, page 4)
rate into two groups for discussion High School pupils at a yesterday and will close Saturday Union. (Not the various women’s reserve
gi oups and pai ticularly the work of
the WAVES.
President Elliott will take time off fi’om his Washington job as cooidinator of war tiaining in the
, , 1 , ,, , nation’s colleges and universities to
blanches which they will lepreseiit
^ ^ ^ ^ emphasize the opportunities in gov-
day’s Exponent. Open To All Coeds
Ws in previous years, the contest will be open to any coed who wishes to participate, except former Debris beauty queens. Entiles should be left at the west desk of the Union and should tell tho pame, address
„ . , and telephone numbei of the conStarting- yesterday and cont.n- ^he judges have not been
University Offers Two Week Short Poultry Course
list of -^^mory, as formerly stated). Actual enlistment in any of the reserves will be possible at these in-
terviews.
Army and Navy officers to appeal on the program and the
and the name of their
tain”.
It is believed that there are vast (See SCRAP DRIVE, page 4)
are as follows: Lt. Col. B. F. Hoge, Aimy; Lt. A. C. Dumont, Army Air Corps; Lt. R. L. Nipper, Navy; Lt. D. E. Oren, Naval Air Corps, and
ernment work for eollege trained
women.
The Concert Choir under the di-
Lt. E. F. Ziegler, Marines. Several P. Stewart will
uing for the rest of this w.eek and next, the University is offering a poultiy short course th all interested. It is designed to train workers to help in the poultry industry
determined yet, but theii names will be published the day of the judging. Informal Dress The north ballioom of the Union
business meeting, election of new n i . j. , ^ , j ^ ..... . called into tho armed lor
by replacing the men who have been been engaged for the contest
members and a constitutional vote Saturday’s luncheon will be at 12:15. The convention will tour the
and all entrants are expected to be
At the end of the two weeks Pioscnt there at 7:15 p. m. next period anyone taking the course Tuesday. Informal dress will be will be well qualified to step into woin so that the girls will be at ease
University officials will also appear
on the progiam. Large Interest
laige student audience, since enlistment 111 some icseivc may be the
male portion of the student body.
appear on the opening program. The speaker at the final session Wednesday will be a repiesentative
Dr. Lucco(k,Author< Leclurer, To Speak At Convocation Sunday
, , : : will be well qualllied to step into wum su unciu unu gms wm ue ut ease All J.J. I I An !uu^i!!! the poultry business and help out. and able to impress the judges more AbOOtt UrgeS All
To Donate Keys
By Thursday
will be held at 6:46. F. G. Steinebach, editor of Foundry and editor of the Exponent in his undergraduate years, will speak at this time on the business paper in the American war effort. Another movie entitled “New Wings for Publishing”
will be presented. 'Conference Wind-Up
To wind up tho confeience a
Courses aie being given
cubator opeiation, mixing feed and
easily.
Each of the foui
winners will
all essential steps in poultry produc- have a full page pictuie in the ^lon. Debris as usual. A two page spiead At the present time there have will feature the eight lunneis-up.
been between thirty and foity en-
rollees in the course, including &cv-'> "f Qa DaUCe
eral women.
Robert Hoguh, University grad-
uato and now manager of a hatch- ballroom of the Union. This is the
enjoying a boom because of his style and choice of music. Recently his orchestra has been playing mostly American music, pulling away from Hawaiian, formerly typical of the
band.
Plays in Hawaii
Oddly enough, Mr. Kinney started his musical career as America’--musical ambassador to the Islands, although he attended school and college in Salt Lake City, Utah, tbpic organizing his first orchestra. Hi--
. , band became so popular that word Religious convocations ■will open reached Honolulu and he wa^ this year with Dr. Halford E. for a tour of the Islands.
Tlio onnunp'.linn tUniiiri attvn.t a WAACS wlio Will be all- Luccoclv, I’eligious lecturer and Records were made of this novelrhe convocation should attract a nounced later. writer, as the speaker next Sunday, ^^earing them in
On Wednesday morning and aft- at 10:30 a. m., in the Music Hall, jfollywood, Charles Rochester, man-
„ , , , ernoon Univeisity graduates who Dr. Luccock’s subject is to be “Ver- o-iog. Hirectnr of the Hotel Lexincnieaiis of staying in school for the ^ave made good will discuss their Ucal Thinking in the Horizontal ton in New York, hired Ray Kinney
^"‘^ations and answer any questions World.” and his orchestra to play at the Hothe coeds may have to ask about A professor at Yale for fourteen fel, where he has been featured hours, wages, opportunities for ad- years. Dr. Luccock holds degi'ees j^pst of the time since then. ; vancemeiit, openings and training from Northwestern University and pjayed ih “Hellzapoppin” lequiied. six other schools. Since 1810 when During a year of the time he has Sixteen vocations for women will fie was ordained into the ministry, i,ega in Hotel Lexington, he and his be taken up at the conference. In he has been active in ministerial entertainers the Aloha Maids the first 11101 mng session the voca- work as a pastor and religious in- doubled into the enormously suc-
, n 1 n 1 i j Hi Nous Will bo divided into four structor. * cessful Olsen and Johnson Broad- ., 1 groups of 1 elated iields. It is recoin- Speak In California Next way show, “Hellzapoppin”, drop-
A very popular speaker on cam- ping out only last winter when they
the students and faculty members mended that coeds attend all four of the Univeisity will have a chance divisions of one section.
- in,in-ir a n f 1-, o r,r,vi u i , II j-,1 1,1 • j ^ — puscs all ovci' the Uiiited States, received an offer of a transcontinen-
. . today at 4 p. m. in the north to get all of then old keys into one In the late morning and in the ^^s
.ICO visited Harvard, Cornell, tal and theater tour, climaxed by a
mixer will be held in honor of the ery at Silver Lake, is helping the second tea dance to be given this placed in evei/univetsit/^Lding wdrbeTchedured sfimfcoedTcan Williams Amherst, and others. Fol- tour of the Islands in which they delegates. This mixer is to bo known poultry staff in the instruction. He year, and the music will consist of on the campus and in every fra- attend five different meetings ^ cbnvocation, he will played every hotel, theater and ball-
as the Slipstick Slide, all engineer- specializes in incubation and will recordings. The dance is free to all teriiity and soioiity house,
ing students are especially urged to demoiistiate on the Univcisity’s eds and coeds and is sponsored by
complete incubator system.
the Student Union.
Henry B. Abbott, who is in charge of the drive, has asked that the quait size Key Kans be filled with
That Extra Pint.
this cbnvocation, he
speak at the University of Cali- room which could possibly accomfoinia. niodate an orchestra. Dr. Luccock is also known as a Kinney himself does most of the writter, having published 15 books singing, in a rich rhythmic tenor
. director of WBAA, has been since 1916. Although scheduled to which does credit to both his Iiish
Gilbert D. Williams
keys of all types. The metal used in i.g.giecfgd as vice president of the speak at the University last sum- and Hawaiian ancesti-y, and which
Secrets Of In Expose
Giving Of Red
Blood Cross
Revealed Efficiency
National Association of Education- mer, he was foiced to postpone his is familiar to millions as a result al Broadcasters at the recent con- coming because of illness so that of the thousands of records he has vention of that oiganization in Mad- this is to be his fiist visit to the made, and his many networks broad-
ison, Wisconsin. campus. casts.
w ^
By Pat Hud.son
Have you an, extia pint of blood is getting sentimental, but s|e is ing—know what I mean. Anyway,
to donate to our men in the armed merely taking your pulse. Still a it still seems that you He theie at being conducted all over the country service? Don’t shako and shudder third with a peculiar looking tube least eight hours, but it’s leally by the Paper and Twine Club which so—there’s nothing to be afraid of, protruding from each eai, which only eight minutes. is a national organization of papei in fact, it’s rather pleasant and is a stethoscope to you, my chil- A Jar Of Blood men. After the keys have been colthen after it’s all over you feel soit dren, tells you to sit still as she Looking at the pint jar by the lected and sold as scrap to manufac-
the manufacture of all flat, tumbler or latch keys is needed in the constraction of vital war materials. The most valuable are the tumblei lock keys which contain up to 80
per cent of an alloy composed of — — — nickel and silver. Both of these ^ i A ^ • metals are rapidly becoming unob- 1 nG LtOSSaCKS AVG LtOmiUg .
tainable, as the present supplies are used in guns and ammunition.
National Campaign
The Key Kollection Kampalgn is
Nicholas Kostrukoff Will Present Don Cossack Chorus Saturday
There was a time when the cry of
>1.
of pioud to think that maylje you is going to find out whelhei oi not bed, filled to the brim Avith your turing concerns that need them the “The Cossacks aie coming” spread have done something which might you’re alive. From all outside ap- blood it appears to be more the size most, the net proceeds will be terror, but Saturday night
in the Music Hall at 7:30 the General Plaloff Don Cossack Chorus will show the meaning of “Cossack” today. This chorus of 27 Russian singcis IS coached and conducted by M. Nicholas Kostiukoff. Known as tho “twenty - seven
Saturday night the Union will singing horsemen of the Steppes,”
efrigerator and sent to Eli ieatuie a special mixer in hoiior they will sing old Cossack melodies. Company in Indianapolis ^he Engineeiing College, Maga- legends of folklore, battle songs and
Ivanoff
save another man’s life. poarances you’ve been dead twenty of a quart and you seiiously begin tinned ovci to the USD.
However, if your stomach is minutes. wbndering if you have any blood rather weak, the thought might Fruit Juice! left. That’s not all the blood they occur to you, subconsciously of Now for one of the pleasant parts, take, however, because they need course, to turn and lUn as soon as they tell you to drink as much fruit another sample for the Wasserman you get near the first floor of the juice as your little stomach de- test with only those testing nega-
Union where a typical hospital odor siies, although you aien’t supposed tive being used,
permeates the hall. to eat for four hours previous to Your blood is immediately placed
At the door to the ^outh Ball- your extinction. Of course, if you in a room you are met by some veiy don’t like it you’re out of luck—you Lilly
Union To Sponsor 'Slipstick Slide'
nice and pleasant Red Cross ladies drink it anyway because in one of where it is diicd and piocessed. zincs Association convention which lullabies, besides dancing Russian who seem to try to hurry you en- Mothei Nature’s quaint ways it All the time this is going on, in heic Fiidtiy and Satur- whiilwind and sword dances. The tircly too fast to get inside. They helps replace the liquid that you are order to give a more pleasant Hay. With engineering as the theme, chorus will present these songs and really aren’t that anxious to e.x- very shoitly to lose. atinospheie, theie is a ladio playhig ^hiiice will bo titled apjnopii- dances as the Russians have sung
tract the last little red corpuscle you have; your imagination is just
working over-tune again. Unnecessary Questions
Then after seveial women ask on it, by people with a sickly look
what seem to be a lot of unneces-
Next, you are show'n into another sweetly with only an occasional The Mipstick Slide ’. and danced them for the past three room I'llled with ten cots all occu- broadcaster coming in with war Cairying out the thcrlie, the back- centuries. Ivanofl, a member of the pied, except one which is patiently news hr adveitising the “best little Hrop will feature a huge slide rule chorus, perfoims the sword dance in waiting for you to place your torso pills in the world for apemics.” borrowed from the geUeial engi- Avhicli he carries twelve knives in
Then to finish it off with'flying neei ing department where it is used his mouth and hands, on his chin, on their maps and if they aie al all colors, they serve you a delicious for student ijistruction. Because of und shoulders,
sary questions peitaining to your able they peer at you with a know- luncheon to help bring back ybur the Occasion, all engineeis on the Every Chorus "Member A Cossack piivate and personal life, seveial mg expression—if it can be called appetite and to fill your empty campus are urged to attend this The dashing, saber clanking, whip more reach for you. One shoves a that. After lying dovi^n, by your own stonpich—if it wants to be filled, mixer in honor of their profession, swinging CosLicks are a favorite thermometer under youi tongue free will or because your sense of Lastly, they give you a edrd Maury Malm and his 'orchestra theme of Russian song and story; and tells you to keep your mouth balance just wasn’t theie, the doctor which expresses their thanks to you will provide music for the “Slide” the favorite hero ballads have imshut, which is naturally difficult, as puts a tourniquet around your right and also, a bronze jiih to show that which will be held in both ballrooms mortalized Stenka Rasin, the Rus- —— your-s is always hanging, even arm and gracefully plunges the Von have done your part;'however, of the Union on gaturday. The dance sian Robin Hood who was finally is born and bred a Cossack, when you’re asleep. Another woman needle into it. See, I told you there if it is the third pint you have hacriY^vill last irom 8:89 until 11:30 and captured, tortured and quartered There are many varieyfes of Cosgrabs your hand and you think she wasn’t any pain, just a tingling feel- ficed you receive a silver pin. tMkets will be on sale for $1.10. alive. Every member of the chorus saclfs. The word Don iS a distin-
swords.
guished term, being the name of the River Don, which runs in the district from which these Cossacks come. Official founding of the choir rook place in 1926 in Czechoslovakia. It was named after the famous Cossack general, Platoff, who achieved military feats 100 years ago.
All Bachelors
Kostrukoff trains all the voices which range fiom high soprano to low bass. It is a tradition that all membeis of the choir be bachelors and only three of the 27 membexs have had to be replaced. Since their official founding, the choi'us has sung in auditoriums in Europe, North and South Africa, South and Central America and almost all the continents of the world. By the end of their present tour, they will have sung in every state
of the Union.
Doors Open. .4t 6:45
Doors will open for the coifivoca-
he plays with twelve tMn at 6:45 and admission will be
by passport or season ticket. Single admission is .$1.10 including tax. Season tickets may still be pur» chased at the cashier’s office, or at the window on the night of the per-
formance.Page 2 ~
' Purdue Exponent
Exponent
Of(!C«s; Iditorial and Busindtl, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
rdifiraf-!n-niicf News Eflitor MATinpinR Editor... Spor.s Editor .;. liiis ncsJj^Mafjn/rcr.^ Coed Editor
John F.. Amos ....:.........Don T. firophy ....John H. Armstionff Robert h* Hadley Ken K, Gjemro Alice Chfttfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editnri.il SJafT; D. W. Ochciltree. A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, IJ-E. Blit?,. W. G. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinklc, K. Roquemorc, S. Wolf. Cports iSln.u: D, E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. So'.vards. . ' ’ Cotr} bind': Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine Ahr.-ns, Business Staff C<of) Hiisincss Manager: Julia Martin. Advej li.-iinB ManaRcrs: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Potty. Circulation Manager: G, H. Klouman. •A-cciiunCs Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
EfUtor-in-Chicf Mhnapinff Editor Busint'.^s lyfnnafrer Coed Editor Advcrti.'sin^r Manairer.. Accounts Mnnapcr..:.... Circulation Manager...
...Dave Raria i.Ed Humphrey ..:...;Elirin W^lbaam .Roberta Kesstbr Scott B^otrn .... George Paine ....Harold Bandricka
Staff For This Issue Ni,‘2:ht Editor: Wolf Sports Editor! Shryer Bay Editor: Lauer Issue Editor: Thompson Reporters: Krirper, Watson. Prcsslei*, Lipes, Petrey, Bdyhes, jvlann. Abbott. Stephenson, Stapp, Porter, Tilton, Smith, Wui'phy,- IIowcs, Ford, Haynes, TySon, Hannum, Hclffrich, \VehrcnbcrK, Donham.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette; Ir.diana. under the act of- Congress of March 3, 187&, and at the .special rate of postage provided for in section T]1i3. act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Publb’ ’ t; ; jcsday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings ; : car. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a ^i.er rr $3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a . r or $3.50 for two semesters, a r semester; mailed subscription $1.50. 1: presented for national advertising by National Advertisin" Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mad.ib'pn Aye., New Yorki N. Y.
Get In The Scrap In spite of the praiseworthy effort on the part of elementary and high school students of; West Lafayette in their scrap drive last v/eek, resources of useable materials held by the University were left comparatively untouched. I' . Several suggestions have already been received at the Exponent oflBce concerning things which the University could very well afford to contribute to our drive. Standing out like a sore thumb against the war effort are the University’s outmoded and unused experimental railroad cars. While we have no absolute knowledge that the tank car and the locomotive out behind the Michael Golden Shops are no longer of use, it seems logical that their present inactive, status would make it possible to. allow some steel mill to convert them to tanks and guns. VNot so G\'ident in the eyes of passers-by, but equally as valuable for scrap, is the huge pile of machine shop shavings and other pieces of' metal concealed in the basement of the Shops. Another suggestion was turned in which would be rather hard for the University to take,'but would yield a very substantial amount of .metal. Two freshmen proposed that the acetylene torch be applied to the many feet of iron fence which surround our campus. On the shelves and in the archives of many fraternities and sororities on the campus are numerous plaques, medals and awards which Vv’ould provide a goodly stockpile of some of thfi more precious materials which have become'practically priceless in our present war economy. The Exponent is asking students and faculty of the University, and people of West Lafayette to dig deep into their stores of useahle rhateriais. It may hurt to give up some of the familiar trophys and landmai’ks, but in the end the result of your contributions to tbia. scrap drive will hurt the Axis a heck of a lot more.:—w.g.h. • Too Enthusiastic , Although there is much that can be said fo: 1' maintenance of a high college spirit 'c/ar times, this very spirit may be def.iicycd by an overabundance or misdirection of enthusiasm. Much of this spirit comes from competitions such as the competition between fraternities for the most praiseworthy pep session signs. However, there was no opportunity for such competition at the pep session last Thursday night since there wasn’t one sign left in good condition by the time the parade had reached Stuart Field. It seems a waste of time and effort to make a.i)ep session banner only to have it torn down by a mob of angry freshmen out to make sure 4'hat no one else but they shall march first in the parade. There is no place for children on :a college campus and only children could make fools of themselves by wantonly destroying tlic efforts of others. J f someone must march first in pep sessions, let the signs be judged and placed accordingly. But what say we be a little more grown uj) at the next pep session. Let the other fel,lqw have a chance arid concentrate on giving Ahe team a good sendoff and not on giving out ,^s many black eyes and bloody noses as, possible.—k.g.i.
Tn ft.i, U S r.l OK
^ Yttsm
MERRY-40-ROIIHD
By DRBW PEARSON
Willkie Fears Isolationist Bloc After War; Sees Republican, Conservative Democrat Change WASHINGTON—Before Wendell Willkie left for Russia and China, he had an interesting conversation with Harold Moskovit, of the Affiliated Young Democrats of New York, -which sheds significant light on
Willkie’s ideas for 1944.
Moskovit asked Willkie why he hadn’t run for the New York, gubernatorial nomination, as many of his friends had urged him to do, to keep Tom Dewey off
the ticket.
Willkie replied that he had considered the matter carefully, but found that he- had only about thirty percent of the Republican machine in New York with him, and his friends had advised him not to run without machine support. Then Willkie added: “My own party is getting more and more conservative, and i’m worried over what’s going to happen when it comes to writing the peace. We cannot make the same mistake we made after the last war and let the isolationists get control. Isolationist Republican obstruction after the last war was the greatest Con- - tribution that was ever made to this war, and we can’t go on fighting wars every twenty years. “But,” continued Willkie, “your own party isn’t much better. The conservative Democrats seem to be coming back into power to such an extent that there isn’t much difference between the Republicans and the conservative Democrats.” Willkie went bn to say that he would watch the elections very carefully this November to see what the score was on the election of liberal senators and representatives: On the outcome of the November election, he said, would depend whether or not it might be a good idea to talk about an independent liberal third party. Meanwhile it has become known that Willkie’s old Republican friends put a lot of pressure on him just before he left to make a speech for Dewey. Persuading Willkie to support Dewey Was not an easy job, because the ambitious young district attorney is the last man Willkie wanted to see nominated on the Republican ticket, either for governor of New York, or as presidential candidate in 1944. ' However, Willkie’s friends say they got a commitment out of him to speak for Dewey, if he got back from China in time. And they feel that in line with Roosevelt’s support for John Bennett, whose nomination the President opposed, Willkie will not go down the line for the Republican ticket. • Supreme Court Precedent When Justice Byrnes resigned from the Supreme Court to become Economic Stabilizer, the negro messenger outside his office was told to get ready to take a letter to the White House bearing the Justice’s res-
ignation.
But the messenger, instead of jumping to his feet, sat at his desk mystified. Finally he said: ”We has ’em die. We has ’em retire. But this is the first time we has ’em resign. Durino what the Supreme Court is coming to.’’ • Credit To Draft Boards When Roane Waring of Memphis, Tenn., new commander of the American Legion, called on the Pi-esi-dent the other day, he heard some cheering words of praise for the Legion’s contributions to the war effort, including its activities to promote the sale of war bonds. Also, he received an assignment from the Presi-
dent.
“Few people realize what a marvelous job local draft boards are doing,” Roosevelt told Waring. “Men and women on the boards have worked tirelessly, and without compensation, to mobilize our armed-forces. It seems to me they should be given: some recognition.” ' Waring reminded the President that the Legion had helped to set up the boards and many of its members had volunteered for service on them. “They work for nothing and are . glad to do it,” said the Legion
chief.
“Why don’t you get Legion posts throughout the country to call public attention to the great job these men and women are doing and the sacrifices they are making for the war effort,” suggested the President. “The various posts might eoinmend the local boards by resolutions or in some other way.” “That’s an excellent idea, Mr. President,” said Waring. He promised to put the matter up to the Legion’s 11,800 units all over the country. • Synthetic Christmas 'fhis December 25—one year after Pearl Harbor— will be a wooden Christmas with a synthetic Santa Claus. The spirit will be the same, but the form will be different. Skates, scooters, sleds, electric trains, rubber balls -—these will be scarce everywhere if not absent entirely. Only the stores which placed their orders early last January will have the usual toys, and these probably will be sold out by Thanksgiving. Experts of the Commerce Department have made a survey of the toy situation. They find that three types will be especially short—^rubber/ toys, wheel toys and metal goods. / A WPB order stopped production of children's bicycles last April. Velocipedes, scooters, baby carriages, “flexies”—all will be short. Clearly it will not be a rolling Christmas. Makers of electric trains are 90 percent converted to making materials of war. There may be 50 percent of the normal train supply this year, but they are disappearing fast. Ice skates and roller skates are almost unobtainable, and lead soldiers are practically extinct. Meanwhile, warlike toys are appearing everywhere —toy bombsights, tanks, bombing planes, and even bomb-banks for the dimes and nickels instead of the old piggy bank. In all this there is one consolation—^for the girls. The war has not disturbed the production of dolls, except those made of rubber. • Merry-Go-Round Uncensored reports from the Solomon Island.s, when finally published, will show that the U. S. Marines fought with even greater heroism than we realize. It will be one of the gi-eat epics in American naval'history. The Marines at Solomon Islands were relatively unseasoned—only about eight months. The man who deserves chief credit for seasoning them is efficient Captaih Dan Barbey, U. S. Navy, who supervised their training as a task force at Solomon Island, Maryland. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) ,
GRIN AND bear IT
By Lickly
(g)1942, Chicago Times, Inc.
Rc^. U. S. Pat. Off-i All Rta. R«.
-Nf-
i
Public Safety Divisipn I Acquires Prominence
By Tim Tilton
Development of'better methods of police, fire protection in Indiana industries is the parawiouiit concern of the Industrial Protection Division of the Public Safety InsU~; ''
tute of the University.'.
Established last year (October 1, 1941), this Division, directed by Capt. K. E. Kline, a retired army officef, has proven so successful in collecting and - n;"’—' disseminating industrial pro- portunity, and it is estimated that tection information that it has this material has.been used in the , been reported by government training of 10,000 guards. (The agencies as the finest program , emphasis, at this time, beof. its kind in the United States. protection.)
‘Mebbe it’s patriotic—but it’s pretty noisy and mixed up having them candidates pool one campaign auto.”
University Calendar Tuesday/October 13 Poultry Short Course .Poultry Buildings 5:30 P.M. POMM Formal Initiation........ .......Room 305, Union 6:00 P.M. POMM Banquet ..E. Recept. Room, Union 6:00 P.M. Winner for Women Fac. Members....WRH 7:00 p.M. Christian Science Meeting.... Rooms 303, 304, Union 7:30 P.M. Alpha Zeta Smoker Room 356, 363, Union 7:30 P.M. Graduate Dames Party.... .....Old Chestnut Rm., Union 7:30 P.M. Pla'yshbp—Cuckoos on the Hearth....Eliza Fowler Hall U Wednesday, October 14 Poultry Short Course. ..Poultry Buildings 4:30 P.M. Scabbard & Blade Formal Pledging.. Armory 7:00 P.M. Marriage Course Rooms 303, 304, Union 7:00 P.M. Varsity Fellowship ..Room 307, Union 7:00 P.M. Fii-st Aid Meeting.! ......r Room 356, Union 7:30 P.M. Army-Navy Program ;...Hall of Music 7:30.P.M. Playshop—rCuckoos on the Hearth....Eliza Fowler Hall All Day Army and Navy Intervie-ws Rs. 304, 302, 305, 307, Un.
Captain Kline states that he has i-eceived letters of commendation from the Office of Civilian Defense, the Army Intelligence, the Navy Intelligence, the Marine Corps, the Army Air Corps, and managers of industry. To Assist Industries The Industrial Protection Division was formed to assist Indiana industries, in the training and administration of industrial protection units and to establish a reference library of industrial protection material. In compiling this material, three hundred sources from all over the United States, Canada and Great Britain have been investigated. As a result of this research, over seven hundred pages—divided into thirty-eight sections on the interrelated subjects of training, administration, supply, and tactical phases of protection, have been published and are fuimished to all the industries of Indiana and' governmental agencies upon request. Over 250 industries in the State have availed themselves of this op-
Classes
for the training of supervisors are held periodically at the University, _ as well as regional meetings all over the State. Further help is rendered by Wayne M. Timmons, field I'epre^ sentative in charge of the in-service
work.
According to Captain Kline “The whole program is designed to assist Indiana industries in its protection against sabotage, self sabotage (carelessness), pei’sonal-injury (to industrial workers), and aerial attack by enemy planes”.
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Print Shop 401 S: 29th St. Phone 5205
Service Report Dorothy Drisceh sophomore home economics student, was admitted to the Home Hospital for medical treatment last Wednesday. Last Thursday Doris Bower, senior, home economics, was admitted to the WRH infirmary. St. Elizabeth’s Hospital discharged R. F. Fausset, freshman engineer, following, medical treatment, and H. H. Thayer, freshman, engineering, after surgical treatment last Tuesday. On the same day Julia Reed, freshman, science, was discharged after receiving medical treatment at the Homo Hospital. Last Wednesday, the St. Elizabeth Hospital discharged Guy Besnard, junior, science, and J. M. Goldman, junior, engineering, from medical treatment, and Nelson Hinderei', soi)homore, engineering, from medical treatment. Janice Bcrchtold was (lischaiged fi'om the W.Ril infirmary last Friday.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
— AND — Blackie Drives Detectives Wacky
lovely alibi In hit arnti I
•i.h CHESTER MORRIS-ADELE MARA — ALSO — COLOR CARTOON
NOW SHOWING — HiePrlvotelifeof a Public HBrol
WReleosed throutjh RKQ R^DIO. With Veioz and Yolanda, Ray Noble — ADDED March of Time's "MEN OF THE FLEET''
— ADMISSION
— V
Nights and Sunday
... . .50c
Week Day Matinees...
. ..5:.40c
' ' Plus Tax
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
PLUS —SECOND HIT THE KING OF CRIME turns softie and shoots the works for kid!
with ROBERT STERLING LEE PATRICK • REGINALD OWEN PATRICIA DANE . CHARLES DINGLE Sneen Pity liy Martuetlle Robgrts. Adaplitlon by Wilier Rtlscb • Basgd Upon a Cosmppolltan Magulu Stpiy by Chitlu HcHmtn Dlrecim by WESLEY RUGBIES jCrodiiceil by PANDRO S. GERMAN An M-G-M Pltture A Pre • Refeoie ^Ensagament
TODAY and TOMORROW
And Better Than “SUN VALLEY SERENADE" ...Because It’s Got The U.'S. MARINES!
2c per wort! lor one or Iwo insertions (minimum 25c) le per word for additional insertions (minimum 15c) in the
*■ @
* a
1
51Jl#.
fu
October IS, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Pages
Riveters Beqin Practice For Buckeye Grid Clash
College Gridiron Tilts Nucteus Of Forward Wall
Show Big Nine Strength Quite a few surprises were sprung in last Saturday’s autumn football^frolic. Among these upsets, according to the nation’s sports writers, was our own 7-6 win over the Northwestern Wildcats. The victory came not as a surprise to the Boilermaker followers, but only US'S, display of what the Burpham coached crew will have to olfer to future opponents. There were, however, some unpredicted upsets on the naticin’s gridirons last Saturday. Outstanding among these was Boilemakir., romped tl^C triumps by Illinois over g, 17-9 verdict over the University the highly-rated Gophers of of Missouri. The Badgers are someMinnesota. The Illini dazzled what of a threat this season as the Gophers before a home- ««««!. A week ago th,ey recorded
coming crowd of 25,000 at
Champajp. toatuneof 20.13. Hero ^ave Schreiner, Wisconof the Illmois squad v.as their burly snagged three passes over right guard, Alexander Agase, an for Evanston lad. All-American claim. In the MisGuard Scores souri tilt, Elroy HiTsch, Badger Agase scored twice for Illinois, halfback, did some brilliant running which is a strange behavior for a and scored two of the Badger tallies, guard. His first score came about Next week the Badgers meet a sailmidway in the tilt when he sprinted or aggregation from Great Lakes. 26 yards with a scooped up Gopher Both of these teams will face t}ie
fumble.
the goal line with the score 13-13. When the officials uncovered the
mess of men, Mr. Agase was found Last^ Saturday they barely with the pigskin reposing under his out Pittsburgh, 7-6, in the
giant frame
OSU Wins Again phio State’s Buckeyes came through with their usual tough per-
style. Next Saturday, our Boilermakers will journey to Columbus
Former JBoilermakers
Everything for a College Education
DEAC’S^
Unnecessary to stay in town! Near the center of activities! Immaculately clean! On the South corner of the campus! Neat and comfortable! Contacts for rooms should be made early! Lovely, attractive rooms! Unusually good room service! Best of everything in JlUL fiwidujL TlfhmfdcdL lAniovL \ 1 The Corner of the Campus— ' Yet the Center of Activities
Time Improvement Shown By Runners In Saturday's Meet
William Powers
Frank Ruggieri
These three men were outstanding performers in the centfefc^-ffie Boflermaker forward wall in the tilt with Northwestern’s Wildcats. Powers and Ruggieri alternatc^’t the left guard post while Leugo played a standout game at center until he was injured. Although Alex has a wrist fracture, he is expected to he in shape for the game with the Buckeyes. Ruggieri’s play has been one of the season’s surprises. During t|T(^ winter he is also the shining light among the heavyweights on Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling squad. *
Boilermakers in the near future, so
In the last three minutes of the a field day for our scouts should pre-
game, Agase again came to the
front. Minnesota fumbled behind Sailors Eke One Out
Great Lakes has been winning its share of the gridiron shows this
s
ports Communique^ Schools Provide IM
Cross Country Start
By Bob Hadley
S
last quarter of the torrid tilt. Bob Nelson, Bluejacket center, provided the margin of victory for Great Lakes when he sent the pigskin
formance last week-end when they through the uprights with his edudowned Southern California’s Tro- cated toe. In earlier games. Great jans by a 28-12 score. This was the Lakes lost a 9-0 decision to a strong Bqckeyes’ third straight victory Michigan outfit and then romped to this season. Last week they spilled a 25-0 win over a bewildered Iowa
the Indiana Hoosiers in convincing team.
i j j When Great Lakes and the Boil-
to test the Ohio State squad and a , ■ • r. a j real bafttfe’skould result or makers mix it up m Ross-Ade
ytll/LixJ ic&UlL- i 1« j» I A ’i 1 At. A! A Stadium, four former Boilermakers
Wisconsin, another future op- , • at. -oi • t a . will be seen in the Bluejacket uni-
forms. They are Italo Rossi, 250 pound tackle, who was a starting tackle and featured heavyweight wrestler last season for the Black and Gold. Other formers are centers Bob Johnson and Basil Retry, and Halfback Paul (Swede) Anderson.
There were some 1,600 very grateful students in the stands at Dyche Stdaum when the last gun sounded Saturday. Not because the gun sounded, but because the Boilermakers had finally seen the light and smashed their way tb a victory over the 19-pomt favorites, the Northwestern Wildcats. It was a long dismal season to view last week—with two defeats to look at for a lecord, and yet tougher teams scheduled. It’s still a long rough season from here in, but the Boilermaker footballers showed last week that they’ve got what it takes to put on a real battle with any team, and a good battle is worth seeing— even if we don’t always win. This week will probably provide the test of the season. The Buckeyes Wve been scoring through the air and on the ground lather too frequently. In then first three games they have piled up a total of 119 points, while their opponents were rushing around scoring a negligible 33. A record like that is not, as the saying goes, to be sneezed at. The strength of the Boilermakers still seems to lie through the line. Long runs that kept eating away the yardage in Northwestern terrltory'oarly in the game set up Bob Hajzyk’s skirting of right end
for the score.
Those who saw Vanderbilt complete 14 out of 23 passes against the Boilermakers were gratified by the appearance of the statistics which read Northwestern passes attempted 16, passes completed three. The interceptions and lengthy runbacks broke up a number of Wildcat drives that seemed to be headed for the goal line with Qtto Graham' spearheading the march. One interesting point about the NU fray is the fact that in the first half the Riveters led the ground-gaining from scrimmage in yards by 80 to 47. In the second half, the Wildcats hoarded the ball, picking up 112 yards to our 31. By holding at the proper moments, though, and aided by Bob Chester’s right foot, the gains were spread out to include one touchdown only. Pass defense is still the under-scored quantity in the Boilermaker practice sessions this week The Buckeyes have had their opponents to date dizzy from watching the ball sail through the air into a receiver’s arms. If Graham had been gauging distances better in the first half Saturday, it might have happened to us. It can’t happen to us this Saturday—we gotta win.
With the intramural activities under way, the next main events are the various cross country races. The first of these events will take place tomorrow afternoon,when the interschool meet is to be run. The race which will be run Over a 214 mile course is open to any number of entries from the various schools. The race starts at 4:20 on the three-hole golf course north of the intramural field. Numerals will be given out at the lobby of the Fieldhouse from 4 to 4:15. Scoring will be based on the positions of the first four men who finish in each school. In addition to the award made to the winning school there will be awards to the members of the winning team. The next week the interfraternity cross country meet will be held on the same course and run in the same manner with the exception that there will be four men from each fraternity and the first three to finish will place. This meet will be open to men not participating in vaisity cross countiy, while the in-ter-school meet will be open to all men not having a letter in varsity cross country. Last year’s winner was Delta Chi with Alpha Chi Rho being the runner-up.
Boilermaker Squad In Good Shape For Ohio State Contest; Bucks Boast Strong Offense Elated by their gallant comeback in defeating a heavily favored Northwestern eleven, the Boilermaker football squad began preparations for their meeting" with Ohio State’s powers
ful grid machine.
With both Elmer Burnham and “Red” Mackey remaining in Chicago to address the Herald-American’s Monday Quarterback Club, Mel Taube sent
the Riveters through their workout yesterday afternoon. Players who bore the brunt ot the comeback fight against the Wildcats were given only a light limbering up drill before thej settled down to a consideration of
Despite the fact that last Satur- g^d means of halting Ohio day afternoon the Boilermaker state’s high scoring offense, but reCross Country squad suffered their extended first setback in the last nine starts, scrimmage as Taube sought to UIithe individual times turned in by cover more manpower for the neit the various team members against Saturday’s Buckeye encounter At
Indiana showed considerable im- Columbus, provement over the time turned in injuries Track Leugo
the week before against Illinois. Leugo, veteran senior cenBoth meets were run over the same fractured a knuckle in one course. of fhg fingers of his right hand, apTimes Improved peered to be the only serious CastiulA comparison of the times of the ty of the gruelling Northwesterh Illinois meet with those of the In- encounter. Lon Mann, Riveter traiiidiana meet is as follows, Duesler 6r, indicated that Alex would be able turned in the time of 18:21 against to play against the Buckeyes, ajIndiana, which was two minutes though Otto Hurrle, sophomore better than the best time in the Illi- center, who did a yeoman job in a nois contest. Lynch improved from relief role last Saturday, may rb19:16 to 18:39; Roach improved ceive the starting assignment for
from 19:01 to 18:42; Ashwell short- the Buckeye game,
ened his time from 19:20 to 18:465; “One game doesn’t make a seaHarrier came from 19:46 to 19:07; son,” Mel Taube warned the Riveter Kinder improved from 20:57 to grid squad yesterday, as he empha19:06. Seward was the only Boiler- sized the fact that the opposition maker who did not improve. His furnished by the Buckeyes will be time for the Illinois meet was 19:14, hy far the toughest which the Boilwhile it was 19:26 in the Indiana ermakers have been called upon to meet. face in thp conference race to date.
This coming Saturday the varsity Scoring Buckeyes
team will journey to Columbus, Reviewing the gridiron doings of Ohio, to compete against the Ohio Brown’s football squad State squad. Coach Hermon Phil- find that they have exlips expressed the opinion that the little difficulty in carty-
Purdue squad has such good team
balance that they should emerge The Bucks opened the curvictorious in the rest of their meets campaign with a 59 to 9 tri-
this year, provided, of course, that
injuries or the draft does not mg week they opened their confersweaken the team. season with a^ impressive 32 ^ . to 21 victory over Hillenbrand A
Go. from down Bloomington way.
A tentative meet for the Riveter Last Saturday saw the Buckeyes Rhinie squad has been arranged continue the victory march with a against the Illinois freshman squad 28 to 12 win over Southern Calr-
for Thursday afternoon.
Junior Sports Eds Meeting in Fieldhouse office tomorrow at 4. —HADLEY
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMcter, Pres.
Hays Jewelry Co. :: 131 North Fourth St. r Fine Jewelry el Moderate Price
Tritons Hold Open Meeting Tonight First open meeting of the Triton Club, girls’ swimming honoiary, will be held tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. Aftei the meeting swimming demonstrations and ballets will be given by the membeis of the club. Water games will be played and will be followed by flee swimming for everyone. This IS not a callout foi Triton Club, but a meeting to find out who IS interested in swimming, and is open to all coeds who v ish to attend. Hereford Cattle . . . Bieedeis’ Association of Indiana annual sale will be held at the linivcisity faim next Monday. Other bleed associations have also held sales this year at the Univeisity, with puie-bred prices .showing an advance that has been the largest since the boom era of Woild War I.
NgW under-arm f Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin 2. No-waitingtodry. Canbeused right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, gteaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to * fabric.
39* ajMAlso m 10^ and 59^ jara
IM Schedules The following Fraternity Regular Touchball games will be played Tuesday evening, October 13, at 4 .15: Field 1 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma Nu Um-* pirc. Bussing 2 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Gamma Rho Umpire, Shook 3 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Phi Kappa Pbi. Umpire, Musselman 4 Acacia vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Umpire Marozick \ 5 Theta Xi vs Delta Tau Delta Umpire, Rodgers ' 6 Sigma Chi vs Sigma Alpha Mu Umpire, Emerson 7 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Beta Sigma Psi. Umpire, Cea^tr 8 Tau Kappa Epbilon vs Phi Kappa Tau Umpire, Herman 9 Alpha Chi Rho vs Delta Upsilon Umpiie, Fosb 10 Limbda Chi Alpha vs Theta Tau Umpire, Hawkins 11 I‘hi Delta Ihcta V3 Delta Chi Urapiio, Hess 12 Triangle Vb Theta Chi Umpire, Larry Miller. IJ Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau Omega" Umpire, Harvty 14 Kapra Sigma vs Beta Theta Pi Umpire, Dunnuck. 15 Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Sigma Kappa Ump.ro, Thompson 1‘) Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi Umpire, H rschfteld 17 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Pi
'I Mo following Ward Tennis Singles mutches will be played Tuesday evening, October 13, at 4.13 Court 1 Richard Lentz vs Lany Miller. 2 Tegcler v& Lashbough 3 C C Clarke vs J F Albert.
The following Regular Ward Touchball games will be played Wednesday evening, October 14, 1942, at 4 15: liold 1 Ward 6 vs Ward 9 Umpires, Bussing, J Rudabtcb 2 Ward 24 vb Owen Umpires, Shook, Herman. 3 Marwood vs Bivouac Umpires, Mubselman, S Rudasies 4 Chauncey vs Circle Pines Umpires, Rodgers, Ceaser 5 Roachdale vs International Umpires, Hawkins, Marozick ALL CAMPUS BOWLING TOURNAMENT Schedule for Week 3, Wed., Oct. 14, and Thurs., Oct. 15 Wed., 6:30 Alpha Chi Rho vs Triangle Hilltops Vb. Phi Sigma Kappa Tau Kappa Epbilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Theta Tau vs Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Pi Vb Theta Chi Wed. 8:45 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha Delbi Tau Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Nu. Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Delta Upsilon \b Pi Kappa Phi Thurs. 6:30 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Beta Sigma Psi Delta Chi vs Beta Theta Pi.
PE 12 Notice Meeting of all' PE 12 swimming instructors in Room 105 in the Fieldhouse at 7 o’clock on Tuesday night. Important. —PAPENGUTH
forma’s Trojans. Good Scrap The Riveters have always played an exceptionally strong game whectever they tangled with Ohio State in the past, and, with both teams undefeated in conference competition thus far, a large crowd is expected to witness Saturday’s pigskin clash. All non-commissioned men in uniform will be admitted free, and many high school students have been invited to witness the game as guests of Ohio State. Today’s Boilermaker practice session will be open to all students, and all hands are urged to turn out ani show Elmer Burnham and his scrappy squad that the students are behind him. Faculty Bowling
Oct. 5-9, 1942 W Agr Chem 1 12 English 11 Horticulture 11 Poultry 10 Civil Engr 10 Agr Engr 10 Executive 10 Recitation 10 Elec. Engr 9 General Engr 8 Chem. Engr 8 Dairy g Physics 8 Speech 8 Chemistry 2 T Mcch Engr T Agr Exp Sta. 7 Agronomy 1 7 Animal Hush. 7 Naval Tr Sta. 7 Radio Engr 7 Agr. Chem 2 6 Biology 6 Chemistry 1 6 Forestry $ Array ^ o Agr Extension ’ g General Stores 5 Pharmacy 5 Agr Chem 3 5 Agronomy 2 4 Physical Plant g High Team Sets Elec Engr. English Agronomy 2 Agr, Extension High Team Games English Mech. Engr Dairy Pharmacy High Ind. Sets Sanders Lull Christian Curtis. J F High Ind. Games Beers Culp Sanders Christian High Team Set To Date Poultry High Team Game To Date .. General Engr ^ ^ High Weekly Ind. Game ^ Beers High Weekly Ind. Sets To Date Lewis Liskey Elliker i , High Weekly Ind. Games To Data Beers Curtis. P B Connelly
L % 4 4 5 s B s 6 B 7 7 7 7 7 k a a 8 8 8 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 10 10 10 It 18 3708 2750 2750 2747 974 970 907 90S 558 If, 253 322 218 . 212 2802 1023
m 242j\ -K ' ' * - •) ^‘" ” s' ‘ ' \ • 'Purdm k^^meh^
T
mrnm
'^an^rfpii^ns Fotm SiPaller WBAA Broadcasts
Personnel Nbtes
you
By IWck Kohls * ii#*rf* ”r If “This fofl*i(^ih]g px'ogmm coiues to }^llllSI1HlS TQIIS
on.. transcription,” or “The
a^sic yflu hav^ just heard was on
lkt*e two phrases Which are
often used over the airlanes of WBAA. Although the station is ottert referred t6 as "that station of canned music,” and many programs Uo ottgiUate on transcfiption or retSdrtlMg, a few Statistics might sur-
priw the average radio fan. Most small commercial radio sta-
tions depend upon transcriptions fin'd' recordings for more than 85 per ctent of their programs and Ifirfe network stations which are not fit the point of origin for net-
Of WBAA ActiyHies
And Personnel
By Ruth Ford “There is no glory here,” said G. D. Williams in a recent interview. He was referring to the fact that of the staff of fifty students only a few are allowed to USe their names on the programs, therefore only a few are known to the student body. Mr. Williams pointed out that WBAA is an activity offering thor-
work programs have very few live ongh training for future jobs. Many shows. Fifty-one per cent of the o personages, mcludmg B,n shoWs presented over the air by Stewart and Bob Huet of WOWO yriRAA originate in the main stu- trained diok or elsewhere aroUnd the cam- WBAA studios. ^ pufeL Those live programs Vary from M'BAA Personnel Expands the “WBAA Barn Dance” to Prof. WBAA boasts a versatile person0. F. Hull's “Everyday Sociology.” nel whose activity points are steadComplete Record Library ily increasing. There has been a In order to fill the remaining 48 growing interest in WBAA proved per cfent of the broadcasting hours, hy the line of applicants trying oUt the station has a very complete for positions this fall. Equipment record library in a small room just nt the station is superior to eighty around the corner from the control por cent of the stations in the counroom. Here in two steCl cabinets try. Only in metropolitan areas are some 2,000 transcriptions rang- does material surpass that used
ing from Roy Rogers and his Rough here.
Riders to the Victor Salon Group. WBAA Separate Department Transcriptions are larger disks WBAA foimerly was part of the than records and often a complete EE school with EE students acting fifteen minute progi’am is cut on engineers. Now because the oile side of a transcription. Besides army has taken many of the engithe musical transcriptions, there neering staff, Students are again are also many complete musical acting as engineers, correlating shows cut in wax. their duties with their class work. WBAA has a 700 record library WBAA was licensed in 1920 and is of classical and semi-classical music ^ separate department in the and transcriptions are only a part University,
of the canned programs presented
Companies to visit CaftipUfe: Mdiisanto CfteiWical Coiftpaily, St. Louis, Missouri—October 16. Candidates for Phri iW Organic- and Physical Chemistry. Sign in Personnel Office by O'Ctob'er 14. Perfefct Cltcle Company, Hagerstown, IridianU'—October 16. Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D. C.—October 16 and 17. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Sylvanifi Electric Products, Inc., Salemr'fii^ssachiisetts—October 20. Interestgi^ EE, PSE, ME, Physicists./^ Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—October 19, 20 and 21. Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilson Dam, Alabama—October 20 and 2l. Interested in chemists or chemical engineers. ' IJ. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C.—October'29. Interested in engineers.
Ovef In Tkp LliSRAKt
iifiSilllliliiii
Notitiseii
Trtjton! There will be',at open meeting and sVrim Tuesday, October 18. All girls
.interested in swimming are invited to at-tcUa.'-f ■' ‘ H Ji-BROWNB
General Electric Co., Schenectady, New York—October 21, 22 and 28. U. S. Dept, of Interior, Seattle, Washington—interested in bacteriologists. Dunbar Manufacturing Co., Berne Indiana—Interested in M. E. and A. E.
over the air. To augment this collection, about 95 Complete music albums are located on the shelves of the studio. These albums contain
Scrap Drive
(Continued from page 1)
deposits of material on the Univer-
Bclections varying from Beatrice sity campus and in the buildings Kay and her Gay Nineties to which are lying idle. High school Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony. and giade school students of West Aside from the regular sched- Lafayette conducted a scrap drive uled programs, the records furnish last week with the result that 40,a margin Of safety for the station’s OOO pounds of usable scrap were program staff. Many is the time that turned over‘to the county salvage
a wild dash is made for the records committee, to fill the blank air waves when a Praises Students
live show is cancelled unexpectedly. J. H. Law, chairman of the TippeUsing all—records, transcriptions canoe County Salvage Committee, and people who speak without the praised the younger students’ work aid of a needle—WBAA goes on the in an interview last night and fiir six days a week with a host of agreed that the campus could yield prUgraiUs that keeps the air waves far more salvage material.
humming.
Playshop
(Continued from page 1)
detective stories in general was well received by both the sailors and
West Siders. The high moment of scrap, and the Exponent the play for the sailors was the agreed to Law s suggestion that
entrance of Kay Foster, as Lulu Puhg, in a Hawaiian grass skirt. The West Side audience favored comical Arthur Pergament as Zadoc Grimes, an eccentric author. Zadoc’s fantastic attire and broken Russian accent brought gales of laughter. 'i'he story is told by Maicelda Jacobs, in the part of Abby Rodick, a tjrpical small town gossip who serves as narrator. Basic characters in the plot are Don Carleton, a
chills.
Art Barab as “Doc” Ferns, a thieatening gunman, also helps in the thrill and chill department. Other creepy features of the play are a laige black casket and a brim-
Initiation Tonight
seventy-five cents. The play begins tonight, tomoiiow, and Thursday nights at 7:30, but cui tain time Fri-
day is 8:00 o’clock.
Season books containing coupons for five plays aie still available for
Six Attend ASME Meeting In Capital
Six lepresentatives of the Me-
$1.60. These books may be obtained chanical Engineei ing staff and stufrom Playshop repiesentatives or members of the student branch
from the Fowlei Hall box office.
WBAA Will Fature Glee Club Records
of the American Society of Mechanical Engineei s attended the October meeting of the Central Indiana section held at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. The meeting, which was
^ Tonight at 7 o’clock, WBAA will held Fiiday evening, was preceded
I'eatuie Glee Club recoidiiigs made by a dinner.
May 31 when they won .second place The theme of the meeting was in a national contest sponsored by “Mechanics Pi oblems in Sound EnFred Waring. gmeeimg” with Di. E. W. Kellogg, Featured soloists on the records diiector of special research and demade by NBC are Marvin Smith and velopnient on sound equipnieiit of Soe Richards. A1 Stewart is diiec- RCA Manufacturing Company of lor and David Simpson accompanist, Indianapolis, as the .speaker.
To Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Seniors: General Electric Company will be interested in interview blanks for every mechfinfeal and electrical engineer, whether they plan to enter the armed services or not. They Will hold these forms permanently so that the record will be on file in case men wish
to apply after the war.
Please come to the Personnel Office by noon, Wednesday, October
14, for your application.
. . . There is now on display in the lower hall of fh’e Library four original illuminated manuhdript leaves from books of the Middle Ages. One leaf is frOm a Frettch New Testament dated 1230, one from an English Bible of 1360 and a page each froni an Italian missal artd a Flemish Book of Hours Wi'itten in 1400. These examples of hand workmanship' rival thd best Work of the modern printing presk fnclUded in the exhibit are several books perthining to the illumination of manuscripts. ^ ' ... Do you listen to the radio program “Of Men and Books”? Whether you do or not yOu might be interested in reading the weekly bulletin that records these broadcasts. See the current issues in the Periodical room. . . . Miss Rachel K. Schenk and Mr, L‘. W. Jos^elyn of the Library staff attended ^meetings of Library Associations in Indianapolis on Thursday of this week. . . . Mr. JoSselVn took part in a Round Table discussion on “Problems facing Library Trustees in War Times”, before the Indiana Trustees Association. . . . Miss Schenk, who has been a member of the Public Relations Committee the past year was elected secretary of the Indiana Library Association for the coming year.
Enlisted Reserve Corps: All male students are repiindcd that enlistments in th? BRC must be completed by Doc. 31 or the end of the freshman year, whichever date is later. Applicants should apply now itl rgblti B-4 of the Armory iii, order that enlistAients nitty be completed before the closte df the year. —GRAHAM
ZlndWvett: Moetinp of^ actives Tuesday, Oct. 1'3, at 4 p. Hi'. iVi the Arhiory. Plehic for actives will be held Wednesday, Oct 14. Cars will leave the Armoiy at 4 p. m. No
meeting will be held for mcpibers trying
out for the squad on Wednesday
-JACKSON
ClktsM&d Ads
Army Air Cdriis Adplibaiits: All students who have applied for meteorology training with the Army Air Corps and have no| yet been enlisted Or who desire to aOpfii, con♦acl Capt. Orahani in the Armory. Enlistments for Meteorology Training close on
-GRAHAM
Military Bdll COtkimitteei Debris picture will be taken Tbbsdtty, Oet. 13, at 8 tlB p.'ta. in the West Faculty LouHete Of the Unioli. Blouses, black tics, tan shirts, Sam Browne belts and sabers should he worn by all. —JACKSON
Thursday, October 15.
Kappa Psi: There will be a meeting oU Tuebday, October IS, at 7:30 p, m. in room 363 Of the Union. Formal pleffgink will bO Wednesday, October IT, at 7:30 p, m. in room 268 of the Union. '—MERRICK
pOMM: Foimnl initiation will be hOlH Tuesday, Oct. 13, at 6:36 ji- Ui m r06m .805 of the union. Uniforms will be worn. The initiation banquet will be held at 6 p. m. in the East Reception room of the Union. —JACKSON
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’d ^an Onree, 40'7 Columbia. ' i ■ . r <' Addtnfir Mtfchftiefc AM nrihke'rf BoId» rented, repaired, purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J« Ebershoff, 606 Main, Idfaitbtte. Phone 2770. ^ ’ , Wirt pay cash for ahy old or new used bicycles. Kiger Shell SorVico, Nerthwebtertt at Columbia.
Tau Kappa Alpha: Meeting Wedriesdav, October 14, at 4 p. m, iri University Hall. —WEiSS
Lost'—K. and E. Slide Rule bearing namey Glen Stockmclcr. Phone 30B3. iReward. Programs, tickets and all kinds of printing at painless pficeb, Karte’s Flint Shop, 401 S. 29th St. Phone 5205.
Applied Mechanics Make-u^tt: An examination for the removal of conditfous in A.M. 21 and 22 will be given id room 107 Of Heavilon Hall on Saturday, October 17, from 1 to 4 p. m. See the Uridersigned at once. —SANDERS
Student Senate: Meeting Wednesday, Oet. 14, at 7 .30 p. m. in the Senate office. , —NEFF
Found—Girl’s coat north Of Womett’i Tennis Courts. Owner call 7801.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday, October 13, at 4:30 p. m. in the AWS office. All be there. —‘SIMONS
Catalyst Members: Thbre is a compulsory mcotinte of the entire membership on Thursday, October 15, at 7 ;30 p m. in Room 302 of the Chem and Met Building. , —SWAGER
A-1 worker for large student rooming house. Will give 8 hours daily for light housekeeping room and small Salary.
Silver Mask: Meeting on Tuesday, October 13. at 7 :30 p. m. in room 302 Of the Unjon. Be there. I —KAUFMAN
Newman Ciubt Membership salesmen report to Room 306 of the Union Building Wednesday, October 14, at 5 p. m. Be prepared to tui;n in tickets and money. Either come or call me at 2413. —CLARK
Westminster Girls Club: The regular meeting will be held October 13 in the Westminster Foundation at 5 :30 p. m. Supper will be served. Mrs. M. Fitch Of the Histoly, Economies and Government Depaitment will address the group. All girls aie cordially invited to attend. •—THOMA
Student rooms for rent. Private entrance. Gi ouHd flo6r. Private bath. 134 Pibrcc Street. Phone 2479.
Notice—Chance to make money Fifteen boys to work at concessions at fodtbttll game. Tom’s Rcstamant.
Field Hockeys Officials Cdurse: First meeting will be on 'Tuesday, October 13, in foom 204 of the Women’s Gym. Written test's will bo giVen Thursday, Oetobef 15. Anyone interested please be there Tuesday. —GALBRAITH
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, Oct. 13, at 7 :30 n. m- m Room 303 of the Union. —WA’TT
Lost—Pen and pencil set somewhere near corner of State and South streets. Namrt of owner engraved. Reward offered. Call 31974.
Undergraduate Dames: Will hold a meeting ’Tuesday night, Oct 13, in Room ?R8 of the Union at 7 :30. There Will be a discussion by one of the University nurses on first aid'. —KORTE
Wanted—Boys arc you wasting man hours Or are you helping win this war by working otherWisp wasted hours. Apply Purdue L[i)ion Cafeteria.
Cosmo Members: Picnic Friday, Oct. 16, at Murdock Park, 4:15 to 7 p. m Party will leavp Room 3()4 of the Union at 4:16 if cnovigh are ^folng. All interested be silre to call Fred 'Tanigawa, 2416, before Wednesday afternoon for, if there won’t be enough members going, a regular sociak jneeting Will be held —TANIGAWA
Student Union Board: Meeting Tuesday at 7 :30 in the Union Office Everyone be there. —DEUSTER
union Workers: All typists needed to type Dad’s Day News. Bring typewriters if liOs-
sihle. Union offiCc^gt 4 P. in.
-kaTterjohn
Wild man To Address DAR Conference
Graduate es Plan 'Jinx' Party Tonight University Graduate Dames Club announces plans for a “jinx” party in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union tonight at 8. Mrs. P. M. Seal is in chargp of the entertainment. The following new officers have beeh appointed to replace women who have left the University: Mrs. R. C. Webb, president; Mrs. J. F. Brown, second vice president, and Mrs. R. M. Whaley, recording secre-
tary.
Today and tomorrow the Daughters of the American Revolution will hold their annual state conference in the Union. The progiam has been cut down to a business meeting which will last only a day and a half. In connection with this, all social features have been discontinued with the exception of the Officers’ Club dinnei to be held preceding the opening of the conference. The one speaker is Dr. Clyde E. Wildman, president of DePauw University, who will address the conference on the opening night. The presiding officer will be Mrs. LaFayette L. Porter, of Greencastle, who is the state legent of the DAR.
Wf rHBJAFSf
Help the Treasury “Minute Men" uf America by quinq tn the nearest stnre and buyinq your
U. S. DEFEMSE B0\DS and STAMPS TODAY
He gave assurance that all scrap —iron, steel, copper-, bronze, brass, rubber, rags etc.—^would receive immediate attention by his committee, and would be sent to industries where it is most needed. These industries are willing to
all money taken for the scrap would be turned over to the Chinese, Greek, Russian and Dutch Foreign Relief drive which will be held in
a few weeks.
The Exponent is requesting heads of the various schools on campus to contact Hoskins before Friday with regard to any salvageable material which they may have. Student groups will be sent around to the buildings early Saturday afternoon
Our Distribution Methods this year are better than ever, but were still not perfect.
young inventor, played by Ed Gruis, gather the scrap,
and Charlotte Carleton, his wife, Anyone having suggestion as to played by Maria Keene. George sources of salvageable material is Sykes, as the professor, sinister to turn them in at the Ex-
leader of a spy ring, supplies the office,
audience with numerous thrills and
POMM Will Hold
We appreciate your complaints, because they help to improve our system.
Purdue Order of Milltaiy Merit
ming glass of poison that has ten- will hold its foimal initiation todepcies to wander. night in room 305 of the Union. At Other characters in the opening 6, following the initiation, the ordei Playshop production are George will hold its annual banquet in the ZLssis, as Sheriff Preble; Haiold East Reception Room in honor of
Warren, as Rev. Claience Under- the new initiates,
hill; Carolyn Wood, as Di. Goidon; Captain A. L. Jackson will give and Margaret Evans and Seymour the opening address and G. F. Foley Greenwald in supporting loles. The will lespoPd for the new membeis. production staff is headed by Prof. Lt. Colonel Kinnaid will also give H. Kenn Carmichael, director; Ross a welcoming message. The main adD. Smith, technical director; Mail- dress of the evening will be delivfiRna Duke, rehearsal manager; and ered by Major Meir, a newcomer to Betty Gray, stage managei. the military staff. M. Spetner, the Good seats are still available for order’s pledge trainer, will act as
all four performances, and are on Toastmaster for the occasion,
sale at the Fowler Hall box office for
Please, though, when editing in call 4605
between 4:00 Uitil 6:00 p. m. and ask ibr
EXPONENT CHiCULATION
h I