‘ ‘ "‘'jf , .\^i »- .,'.';4'!■*’>, Iv.jy'’^ n':?'',r*i'’<"' *’ 'i''p f ^ V’ .^\>, (.‘'-’H
n ,i
'“AA 1 V ^ ^ '^MMm
<f T
500 From County Register Today For Draft
Students Register At Court House Two boards in Tippecanoe county are expected to register over 500 men today in the second selecjsive service registration since the implementation of the conscription act last Fall. All students who have reached the age of 21 between last October 16 and today will register at Board No. 2 at the Lafayette Court House. Registration at Board No. 2 will also include all of the city of West Lafayette and the remainder of Tippecanoe county outside of Lafayette. , Board No. 1, seated in the L^ayette Armory, will be used by registrants from the city of Lafayette only. Register From 7 to 9 Both registration places will be open from 7 a. m. until 9 p. m. so that men coming under the provisions of the selective service act may register at the time most convenient for themselves, local officials said. In addition to those who have become 21 since the last registration, all persons between the ages of and 36 at the time of the fifst registration last Fall and who for some reason have not regis=: tered yet are required to register today. Twenty-one year olds will be registered on a pink card, while any men registered in the older age groups will use white cards. “In this way the two groups will be kept separate, but we do not anticipate many registrants over 21,” the chairman df the county boards said yesterday. Expect 200 From Board 2 Board No. 2 officials estimate that there probably will not be more than 200 register from within their area. Board No. 1 anticipates approximately 300. The American Legion and the members of the Tippecanoe county Advisory Board have been appointed ap registrars to assist members of the Board. All are volunteers and will serve without pay. According to unofficial reports received here, registrants today will be classified with registrants of October 16 in the ratio of one ten. That is, for every 100 men now registered 10 of today’s registrants will be mixed in and-will be subject to call at the same time. Local Board officials emphasized that those studenfs who wish to have their cards classified in their home district may do so by informing of(Continued on page 2) Football Will Bring Grads Back, Baugh Tells Alumni Heads Atlantic City, N. J., June 26— (Special to the Exponent)—“Football brings more alumni back to the campus than any other program of events,” E. B. Baugh, Executive Secreta;ry of\ the Purdue Alumni Association today told the aluimni officers gathered at tbe Claridge for the -twenty-seventh National Conference of the American Alumni Council. Baugh explained that his con_clusion regarding the drawing power, were gathered from a survey of Home“Coming programs of more than ninety Colleges and Universities. “Every college survey,” he said, “arranges home coming programs in the “fall to take advantage of the drawing power of football.” Baugh explained that home coming programs that were arranged for other periods of the year on various campuses, including commencement, have never proved as effective as the fall home coming, when alumni return to se^ the football team in activity, before whose sessions Bangh spoke is a national organization vincluding the alumni association of more than two hundred and fifty American colleges and universities.
1-1N
Foundlad In 1819
Daily Sinca 190C
Volume 5, No. 7
Tuesday/ July L 1941
Larry Clinton Signed For Summer Session Prom Tickets Go OirSale Today In Cashier's Office
Larry Clinton
Lanny Ross To Appear Here As Soloist For SS Music Festival Lanny Ross, well-known stage and screen star, will appear as feature soloist at the annual University Music Festival on Saturday evening, July 19, at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. The famous tenor will 'present a one-hour program following the final contests- and awarding of prizes to the winners
Lanny Ross of the Festival, which is a preliminary to the Chieagoland Festival expected to draw vocal soloists and choruses from all over the state. Lanny Ross, who is heard pt present on a daily program over the CBS network, was born Sc^attle, Wash., and began his stage career at the age of two. While he did not like to sing, he Was associated with several musical organizations during his early years in school. He entered Yale University in 1924 as a scholarship student, became a member of the Yale Glee Club and won a National Track championship for Yale. In 1928 Lanny passed up an opportunity to participate in the Olympic Games at Amsterdam in order to tour Europe with the Yale Glee Club. After making his radio debut (Continued on page 8)
Tickets Available As Usual-King
Dr. Sigmund Spaeth,
lo Everyone; Name AndQueenFor Musk Ct»k, To Speak Special Committee ThisPromJoo Arriimm«'ii.T.t
Magician Fleming Will Give Evening Of Wizardry July 17 Paul Fleming, noted magicidn who is hailed as Houdini’s succes^ sor, will present his “Evening of Magic” in the Hall of Music on Thursday night, July 17, as a part of the summer program of convocations and social and recreational events. Fleming’s appearance will be open to the student body without charge, and tickets for the general public will be placed on sale within ' the near future at 25 cents each, including tax. One of the most remarkable wizards of the present day, Fleming has been notably successful in entertaining the most discriminating audiences with his “Evening of Magic.” He is equj,lly at home in the presentation of sleight-of-hand feats, mental phenomena, pseudospiritualistic manifestations, and stage illusions. He is a naagician who takes his art seriously. Trained in legeremain from early boyhood,*he decided, after several years of practicial%tage experience, that a college education would make him a better magician. Obtaining a degree, he later received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania, where he is now professor of economics. Right now he has the distinction of being listed twice in “Who’s Who In America.” Dr. Fleming’s ent^tainment is not the usual exhibition of conjuring, but the most complete production of magic in-the concert field. His is a strictly professional stage entertainment, the outcome of 25 years of study and platform experience, with handsome stage settings, musical accompaniment, and the other deft touches that make up a finished performance. President Elliott . . . spoke yesterjday in Ann Arbor, Mich., brfore the annual Conference of College Teachers of English on “The Place of Literature in the Training of Engineers.”
Larry Clinton and his or-
chestra featuring vocalist Peggy Mann and Butch Stone, novelty singer, will furnish the evening’s music for the annual Summer Session Prom, July 25, it was, announced yesterday by the summer social and
recreational committee. Tickets, priced at two dol-
lars ^ couple, go one sale today at noon at the Cashier’s office ^n the Executive Building. Tickets will be one sale only until July 9, and members of .the social committee emphasized that the Prom will be for everyone, regular session students, graduates, townspeople, and every person on the campus this summer. Mail orders for ' out-of-town Prom-goers will be filled by the University
Cashier.
Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton said yesterday that co-ed hours would be extended until 4 a. m. Prom night.
Relief from the traditional Indiana summer weather was promised dancers for Prom night by Union manager L. M. Vallely. \ Both ballrooms will be cooled with special equipmept that night, Vallely said. Larry Clinton, one of the biggest Prom attractions in a number of years, is famous for his swing ar.rangements of long-established classical numbers. In his x)wn right he is known as the author of “Study in Brown” and other long-time favorites. A special committee under the chairmanship of Dick Admans has been announced to handle the Prom. The following are other members of the committee: Barbara Atkins, Bill Darling, George Hoffer, Myra McKee, Don Powers, and John Traugott.
All Proms by long fossilized tradition must have Kings and Queens. And the University Summer Session Prom will be no exception. Balloting for the,King and Queen who will reign July 25 in the Union ballrooms will begin today with the sale of Prom tickets, and ■will continue through Wednesday, July 9, when ticket sales will close. Stubs attached to all tickets will allow each purchaser to indicate his or her choice. Stubs may be mailed or taken to the Cashier’s offiice in the Executive Building, or to the Exponent box at the west desk of
the Union.
The opening grand march Prom night will be led by the King and Queen. They will also be guests, with their dates, of the summer session prom committee at a formal dinner to precede the dance. A number of candidates have been nominated by the committee. However, additional nominations may be made by any one on the campus by phoning Don Powers at the Exponent office or by leaving the name of his selection in the Exponent box at the Union west desk before noon Thursday. Those •who have been thus far nominated are for queen: Marjbrie Bowman, Mary Burton, Rosemary Feil, Martha Lommel, Dorothy Miller, Ann Ostrander, Francis Potter, Trina Torrenga, and Janice Yeoman; for King: Charlie Curran, Fred Douglas, Bud Evers, Gordon Fletcher, Dick Leukhart, John Petty, Frosty Sprowl, and George Sauter. Health Teachers Here To Hear T B Lecture Teachers of health and education on the University campus this summer will hear Mrs. Clothilde Patton Sankuinet, health education specialist of the Indiana Tuberculosis Association, in a lecture today at 10 a. m. in room 6 of the Worn- ■
en’s Gym.
She will talk on “Tuberculosis and the Adolescent.” The lecture is sponsored by the department of physical education for women.
Dr. Sigmund Spaeth, well-known “Tune Detective” of screen and radio, will be the guest speaker at the summer session banquet to be held in the Union on Thursday, July 10. Dr. Spaeth is one of. the most prominent men in the music world today. He was recently awarded the Henry Hadley Medal by the National Association for American Composers and Conductors for his outstanding service to the development of our native music during the past year. Spaeth has served as president of the composers association, hav-
"Our T(y^ Is Unsophisticated, Realistic Story Of Village Life
By Janet Decker “Our Town,” the compelling play by Thornton Wilder which is to be presented by Summer Playshop is the ^‘common folks” story of two families in a small New Englapd to'wn, Grovers Corners, New Hampshire. Thornton Wilder departs from the usual in this play and brings to the modern American stage a technique unique in its simplicity and humor. In this world of artifice and pseudo-sophistication, this drama is different in that it is presented entirely without the benefits of “props” and scenery. The story is knit together not by action alone, but by a stage manager who indicates the points o fintmrest in “Our Town” -with a wave of his arm, and as narrator sets the stage for the action. The division of the play into three acts points up the three stages in a man’s existance; Daily Life, Love and Marriage, and Death. The central plot of “Our Town” is^oven
around George Gibbs and Emily Webb who are about sixteen at the beginning of the play. They are next door neighbors. George’s father is the town doctor, and Emily’s father is the editor of the town newspaper. Their daily life begins with the delivery of the morning’s^milk by the town milkman, follows them through the day, after school, to the moonlight talk from their respective windows.-The second act called “Love and Marriage’! takes place three years later and brings George and Emily fVom the awkward proposal at the soda fountain to the alter. The last act, Death, is set nine years after the second and holds the denouement. All of the play is marked by homely human elements. There is a constant evenness and dryness of tone; a she^Qwing of all sentiment and tragedy. It is cold reality warmed by the kindness and humor of a small town.
SigmHnd Spaeth National Committee for American Music as its chairman and is a member of the National Music . Council. A specialty of Spaeth’s is the ferreting out the sources of melodies, and he is frequently called as a witness in lawsuits on musical plagarism. Another activity that keeps this noted “man of .music” ing succeeded Lawrence 'Tibbett to that position. He now heads the busy is the ^ongmart. As president of that association, famed as the clearing house for amateur composers, Spaeth has succeeded in bringing many popular songs and a number of more serious works to publication. Spaeth is also known as a Jec- - turer, composer and author. His more serious books on music “The Art of Enjoying Music,” “the Com- - mon Sense of Music,” and “Great Syanphonies” are used as textbooks, in many Universities throughout the country today. George Gershwin is one of Spaeth’s most famous prodigees. It was Spheth who first advised Gern Shwin to write popular music and then turned him to the creation of important orchestra works and operatic music. Alec Wilder, composer of the ballet, “juke-box,” is Spaeth’s new interest in the world of young composers. Intramural Shorts Campus tennis enthusiasts nu^f sign up for the annual all-campu^ tennis singles tournament on tha blank on the bulletin board at the Field|xouse. N^t Tuesday will be the deadJhue. for the campus golf tournament. All persons interested may turn hi scores for eighteen holes at ML Ii,‘ Clevetts office in the Fieldhouse,.. Play any one yon wish.
- m
f'l
it
-: i ' :ij
. sV-.. * ‘ ' 'Cw
' Ituesday/July L 1941
fijUAdwL £xfiDtUlltt
¥
<
t
r
h:
t
r
The Fifth Column
Herr Adolph’s modern version of the flying: wedge has been giving the muscovite team a good working over the past few days. So good in fact tha.t they are practically through the territory they split with Joe during the first push east. And should be well on the road to Moscow before long. If they are not held up .. . ^y customs inspection.
The Purdue Eicponeht
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879; and at the special rate of postage provided for in Motion 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized, January 29, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular acadeniic year and bi-iveekly during Summer Session, Subscriptions mailed for BO cents.
PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Business 8471
. The spearhead of the attack is directed at Moscow of course. There being no other town within a radius of many miles ... Whose name they can pronounce. ■ * ' H: * Making military gains in any other direction is wholly out of consideration because of the havnc it would create ... In olEcial communiques.
Of course the Eussians seem to get along okay. But then one can become accustomed to most anything in time. And besides they have two definite advantages in the fact that they don’t have to be able to pronounce the names since ... Travel is bourgeois.
And if it ever does become necessary to take a stab at it. . . They always have their beards to sneeze through. ■ * * * A general picture of the whole war shows that the Nazi’s are trying to save the world from communism. The Eussians are trying to save the world from national socialism. The English are saving the world fot democracy. And everybody else except us is trying like the devil to save his neck from Adolph.
As for us .. . We’re trying to save our pennies to pay for it all.
And verbotten.
It is all well and good to say that we owe it to ourselves. But that doesn’t make much difference, because no matter who we owe it to . . . We sure as hell “can’t pay Up.—dkh
500 From County (Continued from page 1)
WBAA
ficials at the time of registration of their wishes. Only 165 Drafted Thus Far At the October registration 3,837 men were classified with Board No. 1, while 2,749 were registered with Board No. 2. Of these 103 will have been drafted by July 18 from Board No. 1 and only 62 from the second Tippecanoe Board, draft officials said. Special registrars have been provided* to register the sick in hospitals and homes, and persons confined in asylum jails, and similar places. If any person has doubt as to his status, he should go to the designated registration place and get authoritative answers to his questions, officials said.
TUESDAY, JULY 1 11:00—The Dentist Says 11:16—^Sam Hamilton—pianist 11:30—^Music 11:45-^WBAA Presents 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Euss Graefnitz—pianist 12:15—Music 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Music 1:00—-Music 1:15—A Chapter a Day lj30—Dorothy Washam—singer 1:45—Monitor Views the News
Flay around out don^t forget !j your Figure! ^
GANTNER I Floating Bra | Swimsuita C
HEALTHFULLY COOL
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
The Comedy Riot! JAMES STEWART ROSALIND RUSSELL
NO TIME FOR COMEDY — PLUS — THE GANG'S ALL HERE with MARCIA MAE JONES JACKIE MORAN FRANKIE DARRO
TODAY- WEDNESDAY
UnitBd/
.di9SUncl"6oiHin]i (bVM'wl'yeliecci'I
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.
JANE'S TOMBOY DAYSARE0VER-. Prettier... more lovable than
/»»"
COMPLETE SELECTION
ssirjjjsiTjres
Strength & Defense
Strength onjdl defense . . . the first question of the day. What all young people of today should consider is their STRENGTH
to endure the hardships of the world facing them. Also defense against germs and sickness of any kind.
SunAhute!^ WJJUl TJteanA, 3(sicJifL
So as a means of sirejigth and defense nse^ Sunshine Dairy Products, and at the some time enjoy the healthful coolness of A BIG GLASS OF MILK from
JhjL Swuhim, (Babuf fijiodudA.
Close Vocational Ag Teacher Conference
Af the closing session Sunday of the. 27th annual conference of Inr diana vocational agriculture teachers, held at the University last week, Bruce Hardy, Scottsburg, was re-elected president of the state association for another year, this being his third term.
Classified Ads
Wanted: Male student for about 2 hours work daily. Care of small animal colony. Dr. P. N. Andrews. Vet. Bldg, Lost: One Alpha Zeta Key. Reward. Ernest Kirsd, 130 Russell, Phone 7202.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
AIR CONDITIONED
-AND-
TODAY THRU SATURDAY EXCLUSIVE FIGHT PICTURES
with DICK FORAN PEGGY MORGAN
BILLY CONN ■VS., jOE LOUIS THE MOST SENSATIONAL BLOW BY BLOW THRILL OF THE^EAR!
"jUNIOR G-MAN' SERIAL with DEAD END KIDS LITTLE TOUGH GUYS
KNOCKDOWNS AND 13th ROUND IN SLOW MOTION
Time of fight: 12:39 3:38 6:37
9:36
Does this
give you an idea?
Whether it is your fraternity house, sorority house, co-op house, or hoarding house you will all agree that it is a good idea to get your summer repair work, cleanup and painting done quickly. Be siire to buy your glass and paint supplies at Huneck’s.
GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Photte 3841
imnTnER miKifi
COMPLETE SELECTION
INVITATIONS OR : announcements ’
For a brilliant church wedding i or for a charming home wedding . . . RYTEX-HYLITED Wedding Invitations and Announcements are in perfect taste. '
HAYWOOD’S "Everything for the Office" Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette PHONE 4085
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TODAY-WED.—2 HITS
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2..Hits
The lusty stars of "Here Comes the Navy" are back in their best hit . , . better than ever now.
JAMES CAGNEY PAT O'BRIEN — IN — "DEVIL DOGS OF THE AIR"
— ALSO — ROY ROGERS in 'NEVADA CITY'
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
—THURSDAY-FRIDAY-nrfmf
:,l%l
PwuiwL £xfiomnL
Tuesday, July L 1941
IS M ft
UtSTh
t L
rr
I
>%
Dartmouth College officials hurriedly replaced the campus flag after a student reported it contained only 46 stars.
For almost 20 years automobile privileges at Hamilton college were limited to seniors but President W. H. Cowley recently extended the privilege to juniors.
Columbia university has reorganized its summer session graduate coarseSgto equip personnel for opportunities,in governmental service.
•B.v.a. Give you SUPPORT FOR LIFE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dine
• School Supplies
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St Lafayette, Indiana
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book.Store M C. “Red" Sammons '29 ^ R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
m • SOUTHWORTH'S;
•' Brevs ‘are made to give gentle but firm support An elastic-core cotton insert at the crotch yields gently with every body movement and always returns to its original shape Neither wear nor washing destroys the lasting support of ’Brevs." (fte unJtrwtqr hr wqry-day wtar
Jf 11^
DECKLE EDGE VELLUM
PRINTED STATIONERY
100 DOUBLE SHEETS IpO ENVELOPES OR 100 FLAT SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$
Take a vacation from budget worries . . . stock up on RYTEX DECKLE EDGE VELLUM at this low price. Smooth-writing deckle edge Sheets and deckle flap Envelopes . . . Chalk White, Desert Blue, or Rancho Grey . . . printed with your Name and Address or Monogram.
Handy little deckled Note Sheets ■for short letters and hasty notes.
100 NOTE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
Stationery Shop —Street Floor
Summer Fun
will be increased with high quality sports equipment
Want to put your best into the game? Then let us help you. Drop in at SOUTHWORTH’S and look over the kind of sports equipment that really helps sports lovers, amateurs and professionals, alike. You’ll agree the prices and quality are OK.
BATS and BALLS
Come in and get the feel of these fine, carefully balanced bats. Assortment of all purpose baseballs and softballs.
Golf Balls and Clubs Wright & Ditson clubs. Quality clubs at a sensational low price. Drop in and see our selection of irons and woods. Golf balls 25c to 50c.
TINIIIS [aUlPMENI
Newest improved styles by Wright & Ditson. Covers, clamps, Und all accessories. Dunlop, Oxford and Wright & Ditson tennis balls from 25c to 3 for $1.25.
Also a selection of things to wear while playing
Assorted “T” Shirts from 49c to 79c Seal Jackets $1.35 Shorts 69c to $1.19
GOOKS'WfBfflllK
so6^ Mpp mmm
Honor Fr. A. Fouther At Catholic High Mass In Music Hall Sunday
LannyRoss
Anthony Foucher, first native American to become a Catholic priest, was honored Sunday on the two himdreth anniversary of his birth with a solemn, pontifical field mass in the Hall of Music. More than 5,000 persons attended. ' It was the Foucher bicentennial and the ceremonies were impressive". Anthony Foucher’s spirit seemed to have returned to his first love, the beautiful Wabash valley where his childhood was spent. On the campus of the great university, his spirit mingled with that of Jphn Purdue, founder of the famous institution that bears his name. The great assemblage represented the loyal friends both of Purdue and of early Indiana and its pioneer priest, Large Procession In the hall of music, a processioii formed in the foyer of the building and was led by the servers, also Fourth Degree Knights of Columbus as a guard of honor. Bishop John Frances Noll, D.D. of the diocese of Fort Wayne, many monsignors and other dignitaries of the church, also President and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott and officers and delegates of Lafayette deanery Holy Name societies which sponsored and arranged the entire celebration. Bishop Noll presided at the throne, while a solemn mass of Thanksgiving was sung by Rev. Joseph A. Klinger, newly ordained local boy and author of “The Life of Anthony Foucher.” The massed choir performed excellently under the direction of Edward W. Frank, with Miss Rosemary Robinson at the organ. The musical program was delightful. l«i|iitritory A Wilderness “In the old world,” a century marking an event is common-place;
but here in this country, 2d0 years talces us back before the U, S. became a nation. Two hundred years ago this territory was a vast wilderness, inhabited only by Indians, traders and trappers. The birth of Anthony Foucher occurred 47 years before the Ordinance of 1787 opening up the vast Northwest Territory. George Washington was then a little boy nine years old. The Catholic faith came to this country with Columbus. The bishop paid a warm tribute to early missionaries, stating they had planted the faith here 100 years before the birth of
Foucher.
Tribute To Missionaries
These missionaries, he said, left tell-tale marks over the entire United States by naming cities, towns, villages and rivers after their favorite saints. He definitely associated Anthony Foucher, Ouiatenon born, with the French missionaries of Canada and told of how those pioneer priests traversed the wilderness on foot and by canoe, defying hostile Indiaqp in zeal to spread religion and education. In conclusion, he referred to the
700 Catholic students wh^-attended-^Hiusic office,
the University last yeariT The bishop displayed much interest in the establishment of the / Anthony Foucher Foundation at the university and expressed himself as eager to get information and see crystalization of action toward the Foun-
dation. ^
Benediction
The Foucher bicentenary services closed with the Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament, with the Rev. Edward Hession, newly ordained Lafayette youth, as celebrant. Rev. Joseph Hennes was deacon and Rev. Alexius Weeker, O.F.M., sub-deac-on. Fo].lowing benediction came a renewal of Legion of Decency vows, administered by the Rev. G. N. Sullivan. The Apostles Creed was repeated, followed by the singing of “Holy God” and “The,Star Spangled Banner.” In the assemblage of clergymen were the bishop, two monsignors, and 31 priests.
(Continued from page 1)
with NBC on Christmas morning of 1928, Lanny Ross proceeded to put , himself through Columbia University Law School on his earnings as a radio singer. Since he received his degree in 1931, he has appeared on the “Troubador of the Moon” program, the Maxwell House Coffee program, the Maxwell House Showboat for five years, Packard Mardi Gras for one year, the Lucky Strike Hit Parade and now is heard on the
Lanny Ross program.
Lanny has made frequent appearances in moving pictures and stock, but his ambition is to become a concert artist. To this end he studies under an Italian teacher and coaches with several other weSJ
kno'wn artists.
Admission charges for Saturday night’s program will be 75 cents for adults and 25 cents for childrep. Tickets may be purchased at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Book Store, University Drug Store, the Union desk and the
University of Texas — WPA crews are sinking a 164-foot shaft so that visitors may see the nation’s second largest known meteor buned deep in the plains west of
Odessa.
Louisiana State university displays an iron kettle more than 200 years old as a memorial to Jean de Bore, whose early experiment! made Louisiana’s sugar industry
possible.
The musical program included the processional by the orchestra, the “Festival Mass” by Schehl, vrith massed choir; with specidl “Ave Maria,” “0, Salutaris” and “Tan-
tum Ergo.”
Three hundred persons attended the bicentenary banquet in the Union building, following the mass of
thanksgiving.
STYLED IN CALIFORNIA
Featuring Built-in* Gomfort
LOOK fOR THB HYINO fISH
Choose your Catalina Swim trunks from our large selection of sizes« colors and fabrics ...
Exclusive dealers for Catalina in Lafayette Priced $3.00 to $5.00 Others $1.95 up
500 MAIN ST
CiOTHFS SMOP !sr .
if }*
-
h
a
¥
b
U
I>>^ i '
i
Tuesday, July 1, 1941
S^juAduiL £xptoniunL
We Offei' to You a Place of 43 Charm — The
Here you may dine in a delightful air-cooled room and enjoy efficient service; but most of all you are always assured of obtaining food that is different.
JhsL (fhsbbimjiL dhom.
2nd floor of the Union
Week Days 11:30 A.M. to 1:30 P.M. 5:30 P.M. to 7:30 P.M.
V, Sundays 11:45 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. 5:30 P.M. to 9:30 P.M.
\
JhsL 'ShiUsL . . .
Lends a restful and leisurely atmosphere with its spaciousness and modernistic furnishings. Just the place to loiter over a soda, sundae, or light summer lunch. Every day you will find a changing menu which offers^ outstanding specials in fine foods.
^000 ♦ <300D FOrt.. :
The Corner of the Campus^^Yet the Center of College Actipities
n
J
-3;
K
lii