This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students ol Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY March 8. 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 129
Anderson To Lead ’3i-’39 ^el Team Named ’37-"38 Honorary Captains Crowd Of 335 Honors Co eds Gef Late
Pat Malaska
'Attend Maritil Lecture/ Miller Tells Senior Men Today at 4 p. m. Dv. T. B. Rice, of the Indiana University School of Medicine, will talk before senior men on “Marriage From the Viewjjoint of a Man Physician.” This will be the third marital lecture, and will take place in the lecture room of the Education Building. “Dr. Rice is a very well qualified speaker and will have a straightfi'om the shoulder talk for all. I would advise any senior man to attend,” said Director of Student Health Service Dr. Sayres John Miller last night. Dr. Rice is a six-year veteran on the marital lecture series. Joseph A. Thaler ... . . . instructor in the electrical engineering department here in 1902 and 1903, died in Billings, Mont., Friday.
Johnny Sines Three Boilermaker seniors, who were honored by their teammates last night at the Lafayette Lion’s Club dinner, for their part in winning this year’s Big Ten championship
Jewell Young
Prom Permit Distribution Begins At 4 p. m. Today In Room D Of The Union Building Permits for the Junior Prom must be obtained this week in room D of the Union, stressed Bob Ruth, Prom committee man in charge of regulations, or it will be impossible to buy a ticket. Only juniors and seniors are eligible to apply for permits. Permit distribution begins today in room D between 4 and 5:30 p. m. and will continue at this period through Friday. Saturday permits'may be obtained from 1 until 5:30 p. m. Permits do not have to be paid '
for now, but payment may be made anytime before March 23, Ruth reported. Tickets cannot be purchased without permits, but tickets or permits may be returned for refund at any time if the buyer is dissatisfied with the choice of bands, or for some other reason doesn’t want to go, he added. Prom Regulations The official Prom regulations: 1. Juniors and seniors, as listed with the Registrar, will be the only' undergraduate students allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only 25 tickets will be allotted to members of the faculty.
These tickets will be sold under the same regulations that apply to undergraduate students. 3. Announcement of ticket distribution will be made on or before March 25. Distribute Permits 4. Permits will be distributed from March 8 to 15. Permits will be issued daily from 4 until 5:30 p. m., except Saturday, when they may be obtained from 1 until 5 p. m. All permits will be distributed in room D of the Union Building. (Continutd on page 4)
Palma Orates On Banks Of Wabash
^ Proxy Winter green’ Gets Stuck Practicing For ‘Of Thee I Sing’ Following in the footsteps of Demosthenes, Sal Palma, the President Wintergreen of the All-Cam-pus musical, “Of Thee I Sing,” got stuck in the gooey mud on the banks of the Wabash. Palma is shown above trying to lift his feet from the mire and his voice above the mighty roar of the waves. The suspicious bulge to Master Palma’s cheeks is caused by the handful of pebbles forced into his reluctant mouth by the publicity director. In the show, Palma must be able to orate with vigor and spellbind large crowds, and the picture shows how he is getting in condition to perform before “Of Thee I Sing” audiences this Friday and Saturday nights in Eliza Fowler Hall. “My feet may be of clay (in the picture),” said Palma, “but my voice is of silver. Don’t think I’m going ‘high hat’ because I bummed that topper from Skinner.” ^ ffhe youthful Demosthenes tried to “Go-Grecian” by doffing his shirt but ended with grease on his chest for the mild cold he suffered.
'%
Gene Anderson
Big Ten Champs At Dinner Lafayette Lions’ Club members, President E. C. Elliott, and several hundred Boilermaker backers honored Ward Lambert and a championship Purdue basketball team last night in the Union ballroom. With one of the greatest records of any Boilermaker net squad behind them, three varsity seniors—Jewell Young, John Sines, and Pat Malaska—were given the highest tribute that their teammates could bestow upon them .. . selecting the trio as co-captains of the 1937-1938 Big Ten championship team. Gene Anderson was selected as captain of next year’s squad. ■■ 335 Present W/il| I Approximately 335 people were ▼ ▼ ■ ■ ■ I—CdCI vJO" crowded into the ballroom last night |-|pi rrl to take part in the 16th annual ■■alUWUUU Itidlll post-season Lion’s Club basketball dinner. With Prof. Ben H. Petty of the Civil Engineering school, presiding, and President E. C. Elliott, Coach Ward Lambert, acting Athletic Director R. C. Woodworth as principal speakers, the dinner moved on in a swift manner as speakless speeches were the theme
of the night.
Sixteen major letter awards and eight minor were announced by Coach Lambert at the conclusion of his speech. Ward told of his troubles running Purdue teams and many of the problems facing him. Lambert said that most of his players were of the highly emotional type, who could rise to great heights when the occasion demanded, and that they had to be handled with kid gloves to keep them in a proper mental condition. He also said the fans emphasized more the winning of games than playing the game well, which also keeps players in a tense state of mind. Elliott Praises Team Edward C. Elliott compared Jewell Young, Johnny Sines, and Pat Malaska to Wellington, Napoleon, Caesar, Washington, and several other notables of history as he humorously praised the championship team and the record which they gave to Purdue. Bob Woodworth took quite a beating from the after dinner speakers, who Used him as the butt of several of their stories — also lauded the Purdue players and added to the hilarity of the evening with his storie.s Freshman Coach William “Dutch” Fehring announced the freshman awards and gave them a goal to fight for—filling the shoes of one of the greatest teams Purdue has put on the floor. Xylophone solos by Fred Baase, selections by the Purdue Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, and the West Lafayette School male quartette provided a program of entertainment for the diners. Awards presented at the banquet
follow:
Major Letter Awards Eugene Anderson, Franklin; Nicholas Barsha, Anderson; Fred Beretta, Bedford; Ross Dean, West Lafayette; Tom Dickinson, Lefayette; Dan Fisher, Anderson; Vincent Holloway, Battle Ground; Dale Hutt, Indianapolis; Paul Malaska, Crawfordsville; Carrol Mangas, Union City; Joe Mihal, Gary; John Sines, Lafayette; Carl Swan, Tulsa, Okla.; Elwood Yeager, Connersville; Jewell Young, Lafayette; Harry Zink, Monticello. Minor Awards Wendell Britt, West Lafayette; Harry Lucas, Lafayette; James Lyboult, Richmond; Fred Montague, Noblesville; Martin Stamin, Columbia City; Donald Utter, Akron; John Vernon, Rochester; John Walkey, West Lafayette. Freshman Varsity Numerals G. E. Bausman, Rensselaer; J. E. (Continutd on page 4)
Cancellations
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 19. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Regis-
trar’s Office.
Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 19 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean
of Men.
M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Cotillion Hours; Tickets All Sold Two o’clock hours for co-eds have been obtained for the Sophomore Cotillion on Friday night, chairman Jack Swinney announced last night. Swinney also said that all available tickets have been sold, and that no more will be given out. Approximately 425 tickets were sold. The entire west wing of the Union Building will be closed for the affair, and refreshments will be served in the faculty lounge. 'The balcony doors will be swung open and couples may dance in the second floor corridors and faculty lounge. Balloons Form Decorations Twelve hundred balloons suspended from the ceiling and illuminated from above will spell out the words “Sophomore Cotillion.” The backdrop will be a gold and black skull and crescent, with movable jaws. Toward the closing hour of the dance, the names of new pledges will be announced within the jaws, three at a time. Dr. Sears To Speak For Last Luncheon Of Cadet Officers Explaining common sense in relation to the RDTC and present worldly affairs. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the University history, economics, and government department, will talk today at the last Cadet Officers’ Luncheon of the year. The dinner will begin at noon in the Memorial Union ballroom. Fred Baase, junior mechanical, will play several selections on the vibraphone. Harvey Behrends, chairman of the luncheon committee, reports that a few tickets are still available and will be sold by committee members at the door. Prof. Charles Murphy... ... of the department of history, economics, and government, will speak tonight before the Industrial Club of Elkhart, composed of 300 factory executives and foremen, on the subject, “Some Current World Problems.”
John Jacob Niles Will Sing Tonight In Union Ballroom For University Club
John Jacob Niles
Indiana Weather
“Wintergreen for President,” lapjoed and lapped because the5» yowled Palma at the mighty Wa- knew it was “spring” and he was bash waves, but the waves just “blue” from cold.
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy today and tomorrow. Somewhat warmer in south portion today. Yesterday’s temperatures: High, 44| low, 26; mean, 85.
Folk Singer John Jacob Niles will appear before the University Club at 8 o’clock tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union
Building.
Though .the history of the' folk songs and ballads whicll’Niles will sing goes back many years, the dulcimer he uses is one of the earliest known instruments. The Persians used the dulcimer, forerunner of the piano, in the remote ^ays when their culture was at its height.
It was used extensively during the Middle Ages in England, Italy, France, Germany, Holland, and in Spain. It played a part in the musical development in each country and has been pictured in several old paintings. Niles will sing folk music from England and this country in his reital, including southern spirituals, English ballads, carols, nursery rhymes, and also several of his own compositions. '£dibfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ditmuA.
Tuesday, March 8, 1938
The Editor Saye
We Don’t Know How ‘Piggy’.... . .. manages it, but he’s done it again. In fact, it’s getting so Boilermaker fans just aren’t satisfied unless Purdue at least shares the Big Ten championship title. But you can scarcely blame supporters of the team for being so greedy, when you consider the way “Piggy” and his squads have spoiled them Lambertmen have won or tied for ten Western Conference crowns since the diminutive coaching wizard came to the University 20 years ago—four of them in the last five years—that’s batting .500 on championships, and even .500 on games isn’t bad in these net circles. But “Piggy” isn’t content with only winning conference first place honors—no siree. Just to check up on the record of this year’s fast-step-ping Boilermaker outfit, we hauled out our adding machine last night and started ringing up totals. Here’s what we learned (Blame any errors on the machine): Total point scoring for . . . ... 1937-38’s Boilermaker team amounts to 980 for 20 games—an average of 49 points . . . 511 of these were made against Big Ten Opponents, and that figure is only one (1) point short of the all-season Conference scoring record of 512 points, set by “Piggy’s” 1933-34 squad. Meanwhile Purdue’s opponents were chalking up about 770 markers for a game average of 38.5 points. That gives our boys a winning margin of 10.5 points per contest . . . for Conference tilts the clearance is slightly over eight tallies, as compared to second-place Minnesota’s three. This season ran “Piggy’s” 20-year Big Ten game percentage up to .727 —168 victories against 63 losses. That record can’t be approached by any other team in the loop. Last-December saw . . . ... the Boilermakers get off to a flying start... they won three home games, two in Chicago, one in Denver, and two more in California. The boys returned home with a clear slate of eight wins within 19 days, in which they marked up 469 points—59 per game—while their opponents were recording an average of 37 points. The trip didn’t do the team any good physically, however, and a midseason slump resulted. But basketball Psychologist and Strategist
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^seeiuted goUegiate
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indians, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postSKO provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the resfular academic year and weekly during: the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIC
\L ADVERTISING BY
National Advertisi gig Service, Ire. College Pabltihcri hegrcserlalii c 420 Madison AvE flew York N Y Chicago - Bosion - Los Angeles - san Francisco
EdItor-In-Chl*f
Bnsineaa Manaaer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Manaffing: Editor. J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Night Editor—Vance Issue Editor—Kroeplin March 8, 1938
Lambert pulled the Boilermakers through to a finish that was even more pleasing to their fans than the spectacular season opening. While he and his fellow players were making an excellent team showing, Jewell Young proved that a championship squad can also boast the individual scoring ace. His 184 season total in Big Ten play broke the mark of 172 he set last year, and his three-year aggregate of 465 points smashed Bill Haarlow’s previous record of 416. JewelTs iiifsrcoliegiafe scoring . . . . . . total in three years of 60 Conference and non-Conference contests adds up to 717 points, or an average of almost 12 a game. As a sophomore he made 68 points in eight pre-Confer-ence tilts and 113 in 12 Big Ten battles. . . . Next year he made 71 and 172, respectively... . And this season it was 107 and 184. His 293 points for 1937-38 easily puts him at the top of state scorers. Able assistance was given to the lanky forward by his seniors partners, Johnny Sines and Pat Malaska, and also by Anderson, Beretta, Yeager, Dickinson, Fisher, and others. Purdue fans will miss those three seniors next year. Yes, “Piggy” and his team have completed an exceptionally successful year. May they always mean to Indiana basketball what Indiana basketball means to the nation!
Foresters Meet Hard Times In South Arabi, Georgia March 6,1938
Dear Rip,
We spent Wednesday night in Quincy, Fla., where we enjoyed a very restful ( ?) evening. We arrived in the dog-gone town at 1 o’clock in the morning and outside of one hotel that charged $2 per room, we couldn’t find a place to sleep. Our money was running low and we had to economize. We walked around the square ———————
once and there wasn’t a sign of life. Our suitcases were heavy since we had our overcoats in them, and we were tired. We came back to the place where we started—right in front of an open hallway. Well, right then, that hallway looked pretty good, so we climbed quietly upstairs and stretched out on the floor using our coats as blankets. You can guess just about how comfortable we were, especially when the temperature dropped during
the night.
Sleeping Man’s No Crook We weie awakened in the morning by a colored man and his wife who came to open up the stairway. I jumped up and started stretching. I figured that would be the least suspicious pose. Dude (Glen Hildebrand) was still sleeping so I gave him a kick, but he told me later he had heard the voices and chose to remain on the floor, on the assumption that a man asleep can’t
be a crook.
When the colored man first saw us, he certainly was startled. After we had explained who we were, however, his surprise gave way to anger and he threatened to call a policeman. A Funny Town Quincy is a funny town. While we were waiting for a ride there, along came a car without a license in front and the one behind upside
down.
While nearing Tallahassee, we passed several tobacco barns. They are built without windows but the siding is hinged so that any part of the bam can be opened to provide ventilation, as needed. Well, right now we are in Arabi, Ga., waiting in a truck station for a ride. We’re in such financial straits that we spent the night in
What, Where, When?
the cabin of a windowless cab.
Visit 11 Plants
We have contacted 11 lumber and wood pulp companies. We were received cordially by every executive we met and they were profuse in their advice. As to the success of our trip, we shall be unable to determine that till June. Mr. Hunsicker, plant manager of the Southern Kraft Corporation, whom we interviewed, is a Pur-
due giaduate.
Of the five southern states that we traveled through, Tennessee had the worst roads, Alabama the best. Kentucky had the piettiest landscape. From the standpoint of hitchhiking, Florida is a state to stay out of. But it had the best
climate.
Sincerely,
George Young. Discuss Attendance Rule At AAUP Meet Voluntary attendance was informally debated last night at a dinner meeting of the American Association of University professors in the Home Economics Building. Following the discussion, Prof. C. B. Murphy called for a vote over the discussion by a show of hands.
By 1;he grapevine route we have heard from Cary Hall again. This time the boys are complaining about a feminine failing. After coming to the Hall to a dance in a taxi, the boys find that while they are paying the driver their date frequently prances up to the door and waits outside the door with arms folded in the Napoleonic manner until the boy can get his change and dash to her rescue. The boy friend contends that if his girl is so full of energy as this it would be a good idea if she went ahead and opened the door for herself. But the right thing to do of course, is to step aside, let “Tom,” pay the driver, and then walk up the steps to the door with him and let him do the honors. This likewise applies to any time when a boy is delayed. Young ladies should wait with him or go on ahead and do for herself what she would have to wait for to have done.
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders, Margaret Beeman, Edith Whinery. 11:30—Bud and Jerry, Rhythm Twins. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—The Town Crier. 12:30-—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Edith Hines, popular songs. 1:00—Melody Time. 1:15—Electrical Shop. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—The Apothecaiy. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest, John Dietrich. 3:00—Farm Security Administration. 3:15—Afternoon Musicale. 3:30—Rhythmic Strings, Cecil and Carl Smith. 3:45—Scientii^ic News Review. 4:00—-Town Forum, Prof. J. W. Robinson. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Parade of Nations. 4:45—The Story Book Hour.
LEARN TO TAP By Enrolling In Our
NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS
For Adults
WED., 9, 6:00 p.m. NEW BEGINNER’S BALLROOM CLASS WED., MAR. 9, 7:00 p.m. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
THE MOST AWAITED ANNOUNCEMENT IN THEATRICAL HISTORY! WALT DISNEY’S SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS
STARTS SATURDAY
Ntyv Ak
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Here’s a chance to get even with “ the boys at your fraternity house . . . that is if you want to get even with them for something. This column is starting a campus survey of “College Love” and we want someone from each fraternity and sorority to turn in a list of the boys (or'girls as the case may be) who have pins out or have pins. List the name of the person who has the pin out; his age; and the name of the girl who has his pin, and the sorority to which she belongs ... if any. From the sororities we want the list of girls who have pins and to whom the pins belong and what he is organized . . . if anything. When this material has been received we’ll have lots of pertinent data which will be made available to the entire campus. To our own knowledge this is the first campuswide survey of its kind ever made . . . and it should prove quite interesting. CONTEST AHOYl We’ie going to give away two choice reserved seats to “Of Thee I Sing” (any of the four nights) for the best humorous 100-word essay on “Why ‘Of Thee I Sing’ is a Wow!” The fiist two winning essays will be published in the column and the fiist prize winner will get the tickets. Make them good and be sure they are turned into the Exponent office or Exponent box at the Union desk, addressed “Bold and Black Contest.”
WB AA Programs
‘—until death, or Judge Snodgrass of the Domestic Relations Court, do you part.”
Camera Club To Give Co-eds Break; Want Girls To Offer Pictures “Co-eds are due for a break in Camera Club,” exclaimed John C. Bakei, program chairman, last night. “We want more giils in the club, with the 57 men enrolled. There are a great many women on the campus who either know a lot about pictines or want to learn. “They haven’t felt that theie wei'e equal oppoitunities and welcome for them at the club, so they haven’t come. Now wo hope all that will be changed.” Intiodiicing the new regime is co-ed night tonight. Guest speakei for the evening will be Robert Boikenstein, chief technician for the state police laboratories. A welcoming committee will be on hand at 7:15 this evening in the Union Tower room, Jim West, publicity chan man, stated. Miriam Gustafson, co-chairman, invites all co-eds interested to attend.
Dr. Walersfein To Speak On Palestine Situation Speaking on “Conflicts m Palestine,” Di. Walerstein, physics piofessor, will talk Wednesday, March 9, bofoie the Puidue Student Alliance concerning the present chaotic problems in Palestine Dr. Walerstein has studied the situation which, because of British interference, has become acute, involving the Jews, the Arabs, and other factions. The meeting will be held in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 8 p. m.
TODAY & WEDNESDAY LumA
ARC
Today and Wednesday
-and—
DiUlilASFAlliKL DOLORES DEL RIO
—Also— “Wild West Days” Serial
TODAY — WEDNESDAY
MiAJRS&
1 *
I ^
Tuesday, March 8, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Sigma Pi’s Class let Championship
Defeat Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 29-23, To Win Second Consecutive Interfraternity Trophy
Paced by the basket-shooting of Close and Zachary, the Sigma Pi basketball team yesterday annexed the class A fraternity basketball trophy for the second consecutive year by beating the Sigma Alpha Epsilon squad, 29-23. Recktenwall started the scoring for the SAE’s with one free throw. Then his team mates built up a lead by virtue of two quick baskets and held it until shortly after the beginning of the second half. Trailing, 15-10, at the midway point, the Sig Pi’s opened the second half with a scoring spree which netted them 10 points; while their opponents had to be content with a
lone field goal.
SAE’s Rally Twice during the second half the
SAE’s pulled to within one point of the Sig Pi’s, but in the last five minutes the Sig Pi’s dropped in three baskets in rapid succession and won handily. Close and Zachary were the spark plugs of the Sigma Pi rally. Close sank two unerring one-hand hook shots from each side of the court, and Zach made up for a scoreless first half by scoring three field goals in the second period. He used his height throughout the game to break up many SAE passes. Pickens and Long starred for the losers.
Marked by rough playing and fast breaks, the game was very closely contested throughout. Rectenwall of the SAE’s turned his ankle in attempting a shot early in the first half, but returned to the game towards its end. The referees were kept on the move to watch the players and called num-
erous fouls.
Prior to yesterday’s game each team had lost just one game. The SAE’s beat the Sig Pi’s 29-18 last Thursday in a semi-final game.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
SAVE UP 10 25% at Sears!
New 1938
Spring and Summer Styles
Dozens of actual cloth samples of better woolens—latest styles — Finer linings and trimmings — Expert craftsmanship.
Made fo Order Clothes
For Men and Young Men
Cut by hand — Individual tailoring to your measurements—Your choice of style— Your choice of fabric—PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED.
Gabardine
Is First Choice of 1938
Buyers
Prices Range from
For spring we suggest you choose from Tweeds, Sharkskin, Gabardine, Unfinished Worsted for your material.
$1^.50
to *35 '’®
Thousands of men and young men have their clothes tailored to suit their exact needs, their very preference in fabric and model at Sears. Visit our clothing department and choose from the latest fashions for Spring 1938, from dozens of the finest woolens woven by America’s Greatest Mills. You’ll “look your best, feel your best” in a suit tailored especially for you! There’s no guess work about a Sears Made-to-Order suit—^no strings attached to our proposition—You’ll know exactly what you’re going to get and your satisfaction will be guaranteed or all your money back.
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4030
Lemen, Bodeau Cop Firsts In Illinois
Purdue Squash Team Blanks Evanston YMCA
Relays At Urbana
Running the 75 yard low hurdles in 8.1 seconds Saturday in the Illinois Relays at Urbana, 111., Bob Lemen, co-captain of Purdue’s track team, took first place in that event for the Boilermakers and came within one-tenth of a second of tying the world’s record of 8.0.
Adding another victory to a successful season’s campaign, the Boilermaker squash team blanked the Evanston YMCA squad, 5-0, Saturday afternoon at Evanston. The Pui’due outfit found little competition available, and only two Evanston men made desperate bids for victories.
Art Bodeau outran Tommy Deckard of Indiana, to finish first in the mile run with 4:31.8, but the Hoosiers won the event as it was run on a team basis. DeLong took third in the fourth heat of the 75 yard dash. The Boilermakers came in fifth in the shuttle relay race.
Lucek and Juve, representing the Purdue squad, won their matches in three straight games. Linn followed with three wins while his opponent was able to take only one game, while Eberhard and Sokolowski eked out victories with scores of 3-2.
Rifle Enthusiasts To
In a special match played by M. L. “Chief” Clevett, Purdue squash mentor, Wayne King, popular band leader, acted as referee.
Organize Saturday
Possibilities of organizing an intercollegiate rifle team to represent Purdue on the range, are under way with a call issued by J. F. Holmes for all rifle enthusiasts to report at the Fieldhouse range on Saturday, March 12, at 9 o’clock for a general meeting.
Intramurals
Holmes stated that there are a number of good shots among the students, and if the team is supported in the right manner an excellent competitive squad is very probable. Riflery will be added as a minor sport with letters awarded, if the team is organized.
8:258:40-
A meet with Wheaton College is scheduled for Saturday, March 19. The schedule for next year will comprise 10 or 12 matches, including Harvard, Georgetown, NYU, and other eastern and Big Ten schools.
8:258:40-
Phi Kappa Tau...
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, C. E. Lang; vice president, H. B. LaForce; treasurer, H. S. Williams; house manager, P. R. Scully; steward, D. 0. Hutt, pledge manager, F. S. Bremer.
8:258:40-
MaAok 0*dift iiftfD-mvf
PRINTED STATIONERY
bourne ik&
March breezes in with a sale of Rytex Tweed-Weave Printed Stationery in DOUBLE THE USUAL QUANTITY ... for only $1. Printed with Monogram or Name and Address. A regular $2.00 value for only $1.00.
And how you'll like them .... you'll be completely charmed by these delectable shades . . . Bon-bon Blue, Gumdrop Pink or Coral White.
200 SINGLE SHEETS , 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS ^ 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 MONARCH SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferry Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
Fourteen Fighters Will Compete Today In Freshman Military Boxing Finals
—Today— Court 1—Igney. -Phi Kappa Tau vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. -Delta Tau Delta Vs. Beta Sigma Psi. -Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta. -Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Court 2—Smithson
-Alpha Chi Rho vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. -Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. -Theta Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. -Sigma Nu vs. Delta Cni. Court 3—Fostei’.
-Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. -Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. -Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. -Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle.
Official Scorers Are Right In Mixup Of NU Game Count
By .1. S. Brown
Just what did happen in that score mixup last Saturday night at Patten Gymnasium in Evanston ? Almost everybody from the sports writers for the Chicago Trib on down to those of us who only listened to the game over the radio had that question on his mind after the game was over. Yesterday we dropped m on “Chief” Clevett, head of the intramural department, to find out exactly what it was that fooled 98 percent of the fans. “Chief” was holding forth at the scoring table Saturday night, so he was in a position to know just what the trouble was. Trouble Started In First Half
According to Chief, the trouble started about midway through the first half. Purdue’s Jewell Young was fouled on his way down the floor by NU’s Ad Vance. One of the officials saw the foul, but before he blew his whistle to stop play Pat Malaska got the ball and made a basket.
Finals of the military boxing tournament will be held thus afternoon in the Fieldhouse gym, starting at 4 o’clock. Fourteen boxers, the survivors of the two preliminaries, will battle for first place honors in seven weight divisions. Boxing Coach “Punchy” Maxwell announced yesterday that there would be plenty of room available for spectator^-, as bleachers will be set up around the ring on the basketball courts in the gym. Maxwell emphasized the fact that all boxers must have a doctor’s written OK before they will be allowed in the ring. Each winner in today’s bouts will receive a gold medal and a citation, and runners-up will be given a silver medal and a citation. These 14 men are all that are left out of a field of over 300 boxers that started. Each had to win a match in the two elimination rounds held last week and the week before, in order to compete in today’s bouts.
Sportswomen Plan
Penny Carnival Fair
This was the bucket that mixed everybody up. Shortly after the foul on Young was called, Vance got himself in an argument with the officials and had a technical chalked up against him. Everyone was watching Vance, and as a result Pat’s basket passed almost unnoticed. Pat’s Bucket Counts The scoring table asked Ump Schommer if Pat’s basket counted, and he replied in the affirmative. Young went ahead and sank his two free throws for the foul and the technical.
Pennies will change hands, and the evening will be topped with dancing at Spoi-tswomen’s annual penny carnival Friday night, March 18, in the Women’s Gymnasium. From 7 o’clock imtil 9, the 14 booths sponsored by all sororities, PIA, Orchesis, WAA, Sportswomen, and Triton Club will be open. From 9 until 11 dancing will be in order.
“A Country Fair” will be the theme of the carnival. Proceeds will be used to furnish the WAA office in the Memorial Gymnasium next year.
Numerous sports writers, in their stories of the game cast some dubious comments as to the abilities of the scorers. However, “Chief” said, “Th-e scorers weren’t mixed up at all. Everybody at the table agreed perfectly. It was the outsiders who were all mixed up.”
Phi Sigma Kappa Elects Officers; Initiates Six
BASEBALL CANDIDATES All varsity baseball candidates will meet in room 107 of the men’s gymnasium this afteraoon at 4 oclock. All new candidates are also asked to report. —FEHRING.
Phi Sigma Kappa social fraternity announces the election of the following officers for the next quarter: president, B. L. Forkner; vicepresident, K. T. Hookanson; secretary, E. L. Armstrong; treasurer, S. M. Lawrence; auditor, I. Collins; inductor, L. H. Hauprich.
Pledges recently initiated are F. Fischer, Winchester; A. C. Atherton, East Orange, N. J.; R. Igney, Rossville; E. M. Elkin, Pittsburgh, Pa.; G. H. Kegerreis, Hartford City; C. S. Clark, Poughkeepsie, N. Y.
H. G. (Deac) REISNER Sells the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes.
SiOOTHEST SiONE m EVER ENJOYED
NEW SHAPES & FINISHES
MEDICO
has only Fat'd filter combining moistureproof Cellophane escterior and 66 Baffle absorbent mesh screen interior; resulting in greatest scientific pipe smoking invention ever known. /Ceeps juices in filter.out of mouth.
Tppeamnce
counts. To have a truly attractive appearance you must be well groomed. To be welt groomed you must have a smart haircut, one which will set off your personality. To get a "personalized" haircut, come to Red's,
Water softening equipment has recently been installed to give you better hair washing and more soothing, closer shaves.
Red’s Barber Shop
(i^ext door to Deac's)3bocaL Odbu
THE PURDXJE EXPONENT
ThoikoA,
Tuesday, March 8, 1938
Prom Permit--
(Continued fioin pace 1)
*1 ALp]ilicant^ mu''t bi ine; then pu'^sport^ Mith tlicni iihcn thei ap ph foi penults 6 If the ipplit ition be ap pio\(d the peimit must be taken to the cashiei s ofhee where the applicant, in the pie=;ence of the cpshiei \vill ‘usrn attesting that he will be the sole usei of the ticket The applicant must then pay $4 to the cashiei and leceive a stamped lecept This must be done befoie tlaich 23 Ticket Distribution \ctual ticket distiibutioii will beam A.piil 12 when tickets may lu obtained fioiii the cashiel in iL uin foi the stamped leceipts s 'Vn\ Molatioiis of these leg Illations will be lepoited to the executne depaitment foi discipliii am measuies d Pass out checks of a non tiansferable natuie will be used
Anderson To Lead--
(Continued fiom page 1)
Bosse, EvansMlle M S Bi induse, Andeison, R O Biough, Loganspoit, R M Chambeilain, Lafayette, K B Coil ell. Oblong, 111 , J P Gutting, Shelbyville P C Haidy, Elkhait, R L Igney, Rossville, P J Pauline, Teiie Haute, C H Rechenbach, Blight, R W Rohrbaugh, Loganspoit, L C Schlateim, Eail Paik, R L Stallings, Huntington, N R Swaitz, McCdidsville, r J Webei, Plainfield, F G Wits man, Fiankfoit
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.l
Enerlish Condition Examinations In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday March 12 1 p m in Education Building room 201 —CREEK
ASME All members interested in pre senting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday March 9 call W B Wolverton "1332 —CLUTTER P M 11 and 12 Make ups Examinations foi removal of conditions and incompietes in P M 11 and P M 12 will be given in room 201 Michael Golden Shops at 4 p m March 16 1938 —RISING
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Ebershoff, 605 Mam street.
ME 62 Condition Examinations An ex amination will be held on Saturday April 9 fiom 1 to 4 p m in loom 308 This is the last oppoitunity foi removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937 1938 school year Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th (3 6) —BINDER
FOR SALE—Koielle leflex camel a 3 5 lens Special sunshade and filter adaption Swivel head and tiipod Complete foi $60 Phone 41641 lea\e name
WANTED—Roommate foi sep aiate bed Also single loom foi lent Continuous hot watei 350 Chauncey
LOST—Theta Chi Pin—Satuiday night, probably on State stieet Phone Sterns, 5065
LOST—Chi Omega pm in Union Saturday, March 5 Rewaid Retain to Arlene Rothenbeigei Call 46463
ME 61 Condition Examinations Exam ination will be held on Saturday April 9 from 1 to 4 p m in room 308 This exam matron will include material on kinematics and graphic statics Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6 (3 6) —BINDER WSGA Activities Committee Will mem bers please turn in activity reports of the following girls Mary Lou Swaney Muriel Smith Viiginia Steele Dorothy Ells Bar bara Rector Kay Thiasher Marjorie Buck Bonita House Mane Hurley Margaret Sexton Helen Steffee Betty Frost Louise Schickler Martha Moorhead Mary Ann Ballard Betty Jo Sexton Margaret Jones Eleanor Ward Chailotte Lochnei Treva Berry and Maigaret Mathes (3 8) —JONES Special Merit Scholarships Freshmen who made special merit scholarship deposits for the first semester may receive refunds at the Cashier s office in the Executive Build ing by presenting receipt and passport. (3 8) —HOLLENSBE Women Students All girls who have not had an activities inteiview yet please leport to the WSGA office any time this week between 4 and 5pm (3 8) —JONES
* Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores — «DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. HAROLD J RISK DR ROBERT G RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Jewelry —— R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R.C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"^Office Slalionery Wedding Invitations
Sales Books Etc
phone
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
Locksmith
“C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairinar Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C N and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Florist —
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Dine
Frank’s Place For those delicious Tenderloin Sandwiches and Good Chih 111 Vine St., W. Lafayette — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Glider Club All members desiring to rem iin active must make arrangements for paving dues by Thursday, March 10 See Moore or Crosby immediately —CROSBY
C E 41—Hydraulics An examination for the removal of C grades will be held on Saturday March 12 from 1 00 to 4 00 p m in room 201 of the CE Building Students intending to take the examination should it port to the undersigned not later than Maich 9 —GRUVE
PSA Dr Walerstcin will speak Wednes day March 0 in the leccption room of the Union at 8 00 p m Mombeis are urged to ittcnd —DUNSHEE Gilder Club Short business meeting in loom A of the Union Building at 7 00 p m Thursday March 10 All members who ex pcct to be active this semester must attend this meeting or contact one of the officers -MOORE
Newman Club Meeting of the discussion group Tuesday March 15 at 7 00 p m in room A of Union —McCONAHAY Undergraduate Dames Open meeting on Tuesday March 8 8 00 p m at 143 S Giant St All members and eligible mem btrs cordially invited —DUNCAN Green Potters Decoration committee will meet in loom 1 of the Union at 4 00 p m on ThiUbday Maich 10 ELLEY
Eta Kappa Nu Theie will be no meeting Tuesday M ireh 8 Wn LS
Interfraternily Ping Pong Schedules for (he doubles matches Tuesday Much 8 at I 00 p m tor followin fiateinities Tu Fpsilon Phi Sigma Chi Sigmi Alpha Nu nd Delta Upsilon LUCIITMAN Football Managers Report to Fie^dhouse it 00 I m T iLsdav March 8 —FRUSH Alpha Zeta Ceres Joint meeting T ics (1 ly M irch 8 1 7 30 p m in room E ot the Union Building All Ag dance ticket distiibution —HARDIN WAA Badminton Last chance to sign up for tournament is Wednesday March 0 Tournament will start Friday March 11 CAMPBELI
SAE Impoitant smoker meeting Wednesday March 9 in the reception loom of the Union it 4 00 p m —VANDERFORD
Camera Club Meeting in the tower room of the Union Tuesday March 8 at 7 30 p m —WEST Sigma Delta Chi Veiy important meeting in Exponent office at 7 00 p m Tuesday March 8 —FORSTER
WSGA No meeting of the judicial board Tuesday Match 8 —SLOCUM
vs Wards 3 and 4 4 30 Kappa vs North WRH Theta vs WRH South Thursday at 4pm Phi Mu vs WRH South —MORRIS Interfraternity Rifflery Match scoies must be in intramural office by 6 o clock Tues day night March 8 or they will not be counted Beta Sigma Psi Phi Kappa Sigma Chi Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Tau Kap pa Sigma Phi Gamma Delta Sigma Pi Sigma Phi Epsilon Tau Epsilon Phi, Theta Xi Triangle Alpha Gamma Rho Delta Tau Delta Phi Kappa Psi Lambda Chi Alpha Alpha Chi Rho —CLEVETT
application at room 210, Chemistry Building, before March 12 —MARTIN, ALLEN
Camera Club Will all persons having lockeis inside the club’s darkroom please register them with the darkroom committee at tonight s meeting, or before 6 00 p. m Friday March 11 —KOEHLER
E-2 Basketball Court 2 has been reserved fiom 4 to 5 Wednesday, March 9 Second game Thursday March 10 —DEWITT
WAA Basketball Tuesday March 8 at 4 p m Alpha Chi vs Collegianna Ward 1
Chemistry 1 and 2 Condition examina tions will be given Saturday, March 12 1-4 p m room 101 Education Building Make
Silver Mask Meeting in room D of the Union Wednesday March 9, at 7 30 p m Pledges and actives be present —MATTHEWS
tL Sjif&ismajtifL. Odaif Saving Money on Your Clothing Budget. HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY Garments free from soil wear longer—imbedded dirt cuts fibre and tbe fabric soon deteriorates.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
-boy W. HOWAH** , editor and ^mbassador^a^^^^ At 55, he’s part ’ system and As a k'd, Tdelw-'i papers. f 2;:rdictatots and dtl. and destroy nd-^et^ Turn Roy W Howard, and his Press lord
ii mmi TiEOEiEi m wm ii THE mmm nmii:
D o YOU KNOW what the next war will be like? The fighting m Spain has shown terrorism from the air to be futile But how effective are tanks? Cavalry? Artillery? Anti aircraft defenses? Why is the U S developing the Flying Fortress? Foi an expert’s analysis of war tactics in Spam, and what we have learned fiom them, read Preview of Armageddon by MAJOR THOMAS R. PHILLIPS, U. S. ARMY Faculty, The Command and General Staff School
ALSO TOUCH OF HER HAND!" said V Moses Applejohn, who recovered from a head wound to find that the girl who had cared for him had disappeared, no one knew where Years later, his fieighbors on Rosy Ridge saw the strange end of the story Th^ Woman With Kind Hands, by MacKinlay Kan tor PLUS stories, articles, editorials and cartoons, and the second part of Rose Wilder Lane’s new pioneer novel, Free Land
ffollfwood calling St. Moritz \ 'kaieitf >’1"^^ iiaMiE SHI CHARIPr' Y oung Geoff McNair, movie talent scout for Apex, combed the Alps for a new screen ski sensation By the time he signed up Suzi Larsen, Apex had switched its production plans, turned to historical films leaving Geoff higher and drier than an Alp, and wondering how to square himself with Suzi
EV£
A Millton on Skis by ARTHUR TUCKERMAN