L
r
* V s 1%
h
i<7
r
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, <^nd For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
TU^AY lanuory 18,. IS^ Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 93
Riveters Tame Wildcat Hetmen, 37-26
Four Societies Will Run Junior Hanley Contest
Foul? of the technical societies represented on the campus, the AIEE, AIChE, ASMEj^ and ASCE will run the junior divisioh of the Hanley Speech Contest this year. W. A. Hanley, ME '11, has provided $100 in prizes for winners of the various contests, which will be open to all engineering juniors and seniors.
To Award Two Prizes First and second place winners in each class coi|test will be entitled to enter the final contest, m which the first prize will be $60 and the second prize $20. The junior contest winner will receive an engineering handbook, and the senior contest winner will receive a year’s subscription to Forum. The junior contest will be held Tuesday evening, February 8, and the senior contest on the following Tuesday, February 15. The final contest IS scheduled for March 3. Preliminary elimination contests will take place on Monday, February 7. Seniors See Horn Seniors interested in entering the contest should see Robert M. Horn of the speech staff, and juniors should see either Horn or an officer from one of the sponsoring societies.
Annual Road School To Open January 24
The twenty-fourth annual Road School, under the supervision of the highway engineering department of the civil engineering school, will open here January 24 with registration in the Civil Engineering Building at 9 a. m. The course will cover five days, with the program starting Monday afternoon, January 24, and ending at Friday noon, January 28. In connection with the regular sessiotfs of the school, an exhibit of materials and equipment will be held in the Arnjpry from Tuesday evening until noon Thursday. The meetings of the school wiil be held in the Civil Engineering Building and the Memorial Union Building. They will be open to those who are interested in road and street problems.
Hurd To Attend T. N. Hurd of Cornell University plans to attend the road school, according to a letter received by Professor Ben H. Petty of the school of civil engineering, who is in charge of the road school. Hurd may adapt some of the ideas of the Purdue road school to the road school of New York. Kentucky is contemplating the organization of a road school. Professor Terrell of the University of Kentucky will attend the school with the view of obtaining ideas for his state.
Student Book Exchange Will Open Doors Jan. 31
By H. I. Stanback First come, first served will be the motto of the University’s first non-profit book exchange when the student group in charge open the Union ballroom doors for business at 1 p. m., January 31. Nearly a month has been spent by the members of the “Administrative Board of Control” in working out an extensive but simple and straightforward plan of conducting the free service to all University students. As far as possible everything has been organized to encourage speedy transactions, with a minimum of effort on the part of booksellers and buyers. Students Set Prices
Women Gym Will Offer Recreation During Finals
During final examinations the Women’s Gym will be open to all students, both men and women. “Students should take a little time off during examinations for exercise and relaxation,” says Miss Veronica Brady of the women’s physical education department. “We are offering them this opportunity.” Equipment will be furnished for badminton, volleyball, deck tennis, basketball, shuffleboard, ping pong, archery, and other sports. During the second semester the gym will be open for similar recreation every Friday night. Every third Friday, in place of the open gym, there will be mixed swimming in the Memorial Gymnasium pooH ^
AAUW Will Entertain Prospective Members
Invitations have been issued to 40 women, recent college graduates, to attend the monthly meeting of the recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. The party is being given to acquaint those who are eligible for membership with the members, the aims, and function of the organization. Miss Ida J. Fleming, of the Jefferson high school faculty, will read the play, “Yes, My Darling Daughter.” Miss Jean Harvey, president, and Mrs. R. B. Stewart will be in the receiving line, along with members of the party committee. Misses Lillian Petersen, chairman, Ruth Hallstem, Doris Dechert, and Constance Hastie. Refreshments will be served following Miss Fleming’s reading.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Cloudy in south portion. Rain or snow in the north portion; somewhat warmer in extreme southwest. Wednesday, rain in east and south; ram or snow in northwest portion. Colder in southwest.
Boilermakers Hand Purpip Cagers Their First Defeat In Big Ten Race
Other Big Ten Scores Iowa, 36; Indiana, 32. Minnesota, 41; Illinois, 29. Wisconsin, 39; Michigan, 30.
Pest Conference Sessions Open
Eighty entomologists and pest control specialists from 22 states and Canada registered here yesterday for the second annual Pest Control Operator’s Conference, which will continue through Friday. The conference began in Agricultural Hall yesterday afternoon with an address of welcome by Dean J. H. Skinner of the school of Agriculture. Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, spoke on the economic importance of insects. * Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, will lead a session on chemistry this afternoon in Agricultural Hall from 1:30 to 4:30 p. m. Professor Davis will speak on “Principles of Insect Control” at the morning session from 9 a. m. to 12 noon.
Bible Class Eleds
Max Myers, sophomore agriculture student, was elected president of the men’s student class of the West Lafayette Methodist church Sunday morning. Other student officers elected were Robert Lumpkin, vice-pres-ident; Palmer Porter, treasurer; and Robert Blosser, Arwin Schmidt, Edwin Thornburg, and James Meranda as secretaries.
Purdue’s fast-moving hardwood five, playing its best brand of ball since the holidays, put on an attack last night which bewildered and turned back the favored Purple team, 37-26, before a capacity crowd of 8,500 spectators in the new Fieldhouse.
Purdue Takes Early Lead Led by Jewell Young who racked up five baskets and six free throws for 16 points, the Boilermakers jumped into the lead in the opening seconds and stayed out in front the entire game. Young dropped in a free throw to open the scoring, and buckets by Fisher and Anderson gave the Gold and Black five points before the surprised Northwestern five could get started. Although leading all the way, Purdue was hard-pressed by the Purple on several occasions in the first period when the Evanston boys pulled up to within one point. Towards the end of the half, however, the Boilermakers got under way and went out in front by five points to lead 21-16 at the half-way mark. Step Out In Second Half All during the last half the home team enjoyed a lead of four or more points. When all but nine minutes were gone, they evidently decided to turn on the pressure, as they put on a whirlwind attack that swept the Pui'ple off their feet, dropping in 10 points to win, 37 to 26. Less than one minute before the game ended a practical joker in the ciowd set off a firecracker. Everybody, including the players, thought the, game was over and set out for home. However, the officials man(Continued on page 3)
Big Ten Standings
100 Attend Faculty Tea
A tea by the WSGA for the members of the science and home economics faculty and their wives was held Sunday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union. Approximately 100 members of the faculty were present.
Northwestern
Won 4
Lost 1
Pet. .800
PURDUE
3
1
.750
Michigan
3
1
.750
Wisconsin
3
2
.600
Iowa
2
2
.500
Illinois
2
3
.400
Indiana
2
3
.400
Ohio State
1
2
.333
Minnesota
1
3
.250
Chicago
0
3
.000
'Civilization May Go Shipwreck'^-Gilkey
“Our civilization may go shipwreck,” if it encounters too many of the angry “repfs,” such as classism, nationalism and racialism, declared Dean Charles W. Gilkey, head of the University of Chicago Chapel, who spoke to 1,500 students attending a University religious convocation Simday in Eliza Fowler,Hall. Gilkey, who spoke on “Taking Bearings,” was introduced by President E. C. Elliott. He compared life to a compass which constantly is in need of correction, the compass mechanically, and life ethically and spiritually. The University Choir, of 1,500 voices, furnished hsmmal music.
Electrical Machine Will Grade Finals^ Creating Machine Horror For Students
First books turned in to the receiving desk will be sold first. Students may set their own price; the ci»3.ri&6 c}i£ir‘^6s absoluJ'e^y tio sf^vvice or profit fees. Every hour lists of sold books will be posted conspicuously; ^s soon as they are posted the money can be collected by the seller. To Use Volunteers Volunteer student labor makes this book exchange possible. The entire personnel except foi one paid cashiei to handle actual money tiansactions will be made up of lesponsible student workers—^woikers willing to put in man^ hours of spare time clerking, running er1 ands, and keeping accounts. Student Senate members will sit at the receiving desks, qiioting new book prices and advising fair prices for the second-hand texts. Final prices will be set by the sellers themselves, however. Prospective buyers will be shown several books of the kind and price they desire, and allowed to make their own choice. Only second semester textbooks will be handled; no new or out of date issues can be accepted for sale. Clerks at the receiving desk will paste a slip in each book brought in. Three sections make up this slip—one goes to the seller, one the exchange bookkeeper, and the other remains pasted in the book. The seller’s slip is his receipt—he needs it to get his money. His book’s file number will be on the slip, and this is the number to be posted on the bulletin board when the book IS sold. To Open January 31 The exchange opens January 31 (Continued on page 3)
Purdue’s New Compact Athletic Plant
By Don Terrio Even the Machine Age will abet the horrors of final examinations this semester, as a recently developed machine will score thousands of papers from Physics 1, 21, 2,22; PM 11 and 12; Education 1, and possibly other courses by electricity. One final, in a men’s PE course, has already been graded by the
machine.
This soulless apparatus stands on
In the above aerial photograph is the extreme north portion of Purdue’s new campus. In the center right is the new Fieldhouse, built
donations from alumni totalling $150,000, and by floating a bond issue, which will be redeemed by proceeds ^from -athletic -receipts -of
at a cost^of $750,000, funds which games played in the building, were furnished by a PWA grant. In the right foreground may be
seen part of the freshman football The dormitories in the left center field. In the right center back- of picture are two of the Cary Halls, ground js the varsity baseball dia- Two more will be built in the future, mond and varsity football practice pictorially completing the rectangle, field. Ross-Ade Stadium adorns the In the extreme right background left background of the view. may be seen the men’s tennis courts.
the third floor of the Executive Building, and by the end of the seniester will have graded over 13,000 papers, utilizing the latest development in test scoring technique. Operated by Miss Elizabeth Brant under the direction of Prof. H. H. Remmers, director of educational reference, the machine can handle 300 papers per hour at present. Special Pencils Used Special pencils are passed out during tests, and the functioning of the machine depends on the electrical conductivity of soft led pencil marks. The amount of current flowing through each pqncil mark is controlled and kept to a uniform unit, whether the pencil mark is heavy or light. Objective tests of the multiplechoice matching or true-false type are used, with both a question sheet and an answer sheet. ' A short pencil line is made on the answer sheet by the appropriate number as designated on the question sheet. Marks Close Circuit When the answer sheet is inserted in a slot in the machine it is pressed against a contact plate containing 750 sets of contacts corresponding to the 750 answer positions on the sheet. If a pencil mark is pi-essed against one of the contacts it closes the electric circuit. • The machine distinguishes between right and wrong answers by means of a perforated master answer sheet which automatically divides the contact units into two groups, the rights and the wi-ongs. Prom this division two circuits result, and from these scorings ratios (Continued on page 3)^ * V
'” '* 1>'", o'\V/''fi / s
'^(j-d «^i>!4.
1,' Pi’
if
f !
^i»
fe
i^!i4 '§■4
THE PURDUE EXPOJteNT
Tue8day< Jaiiuary 18« 1938
Open Letters On Student Dishonesty Dear Faculty Members: Perhaps you don’t agree with the University’s policy in regard to conducting final examinations—by the proctor system—^but, despite its failure to promote honesty instead of merely preventing dishonesty, that system seems to be necessary at an institution where grades carry more importance than learning and knowledge. Proctormg, good proctoring, does decrease cheating on finals . . . anything that lessens the opportunities and reduces the temptation to cheat will have this effect. So, whether or not you believe in the proctor system, it may be advisable here for you to carry it out. Other things you can do to chase-away the temptation to copy on finals are to make up and use different sets of questions—and tell your students about it— and to seat the students in an order that will make copying difficult. Some cheating is probably caused directly by your negligence in explaining what materials may be brought into the examination room and in warning your students of the consequences of cheating. When dishonesty results from either of these causes, you are as guilty as the cheater, according to the proctor system. We’re not asking you to change your opinion concerning the relative merits of the honor and the proctor methods of conducting examinations. We do think you should explain the University’s regulations to your students. The Exponent
Now is the time lazy professors start fumbling through their files to find copies of last semester’s final examination . . . and fraternity men do the same.
Dear Purdue Students: A few days ago we received a letter from Prof. O. G. Lloyd, chairman of the University committee for the promotion of honesty in student work, in which he suggested we might find use for the following statement: “Honesty in preps, tests, and final examinations is rigidly upheld by the faculty and students at Purdue. In fairness to all students who might yield to the temptation of becoming a ‘cheater,’ they should know that two of the penalties imposed upon one found guilty of copying or carrying a crib to a test or final exahiination are: Inability to obtain a University loan or to receive an unqualified recommendation for employment.” We gave up the cheating habit some time ago, so Professor Lloyd’s warning doesn’t carry much personal interest to us. We hope you don’t have any need for the timely admonition, either, but we’re passing it on just the same. Consequences of being convicted for dishonesty on finals, however, amount to more than the two negative measured indicated in Professor Lloyd’s letter . . . they include such immediate penalties as: a D in the course involved, an addition of three extra hours of B to graduation requirements, and a disciplinary probation period of one year. Sentences imposed upon guilty students commonly include all three of those clauses. Anyone who cheats on examinations of course loses in respect—^his own and that of other students. This aspect of the situation may also produce a penalizing action: a student will naturally rate a cheater low on honesty in filling out records for the personnel office, and thus lessen the guilty one’s employability. Honesty, you will remember, carries more weight in this rating than any other personality trait—21 out of 100 points. In case you are thinking about using unfair practices to get by final examinations, you can’t make a fair appraisal of the question without weighing th6‘ penalties we have mentioned, in addition to considering the moral loss. Professor Lloyd will be glad to answer questions concerning thq work of his committee—concerning dishonesty on finals. He would rather talk to you now, than cross examine you after finals are over. The Exponent
Letters to the Editor
Encourage Sportsmanship Dear Editor: I wish to commend you for the attitude you have taken on the recent Puidue-Illinois sportsmanship issue. I am 100 per cent in favor of the plan to encouiage better sportsmanship at our athletic contests. I hope this isn’t merely a weak attempt, but that a definite step may be taken in this direction. The whole student body should get behind this better sportsmanship plan and prove to the Illini and to the Big Ten that Purdue can be great in other qualities besides her enrollment and the number of athletic games won. D. L. Fitting, Sci. ’40.
By Mary Cooley The men at Brigham Young University are all a-flutter. The reason for their suspense is a poll being taken among women students to find the man they would “most prefer” having as an ascort for the evening. He will be announced at the first annual Associated Women Students ball. All girls in the University are being asked to list four men in order of their preference as escorts for the evening. The man whose name was listed most times aS “preferred” will be “king” jof the ball. }{: ’k iK 4c ^ Six years of operation have proven the voluntary attendance plan of education a success at the University of Chicago. Some students have completed the four-year course in one year. Others have done it in two and the majority in less than four years. Fewer students cut classes and a greater number take post-graduate work. But President Robert M. Hutchins believes the plan has a drawback. Attendance at classes has increased since it became non-compulsory, indicating a “slavish servility” which President Hutchins deplores. The student is advised not to let the University interfere with his education. If he feels he can get an education superior to that the faculty can give him, he can go to the aquarium, take a trip around the world or deposit himself with an encyclopedia.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
By Sally McKee Have you ever been inti oduced to a whole roomful of people ’ Doesn’t it give you about the most helpless feeling one can experience. So here’s our advice to a hostess with a stranger on her hands to introduce. Introduce him to a group— a small group—of your guests. And they should then accept the responsibility of introducing him to others in the house during the evening. If he should by chance find himself with a new group and feels the need of introduction anew, he may introduce himself, or the host or hostess
Today and Wednesday Drama with Wallop! “BETWEEN 2 WOMEN” with FRANCHOT TONE VIRGINIA BRUCE MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN —and— Zane Grej’s “ARIZONA MAHONEY” with JOE COOT —also— "WILD WEST DAYS”
TODAY — TOMORROW
may introduce him again saying something such as, “I don’t believe you have met Mr. John.” In this manner your friend will probably meet and become really acquainted with most of your guests. He may miss a few, but he will have a very definite idea of those whom he has met, and your guests in turn will remember him better.
Pifi Ruth Randall, blushed sweetly as the sisters hymned the sweetheart song . . . reason: Miss Randall was the recent recipient of a fraternity pin. 4 ” Next day the same Pifi sisters, meaning no harm at all, congratulated Red Roll, AGR swain w'ho had been dating said Miss Randall. Wrong person . . . Miss Randall was flourishing a Fisigh pin from Michigan. The Mars Pass goes to the person who can guess what Roll said to the Pifis. And speaking of AGR’s Ray Burger wins the Mars double of last week for his excruciating pomes. He can get ’em by calling at Ijhe Union west lobby desk. That final day is near at hand, Whoops! When you and I will take the stand. Yippee! To let our dear professors know Xerxes! We got nothing from his semester’s blow! Eureka! The blow that nearly felled Dr. Estey yesterday morning came in the professor’s corporation finance eight o’clock. Said Prof. Estey, quite pleadingly to a lad wearing his hat in the classroom: “Must you have THAT on in here?” ■‘Yes,” quoth the youth, tipping his hat politely to reveal a neatly shaven dome. We’ll offer a prize of some sort to the person or persons submitting
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“We must have a classy audience tonight, Joe—they're tossing fruit out of season.”
the best tale of woe about studying for finals . . . you know, like the story about the boy who stayed up three nights in a row cramming for a test, only to learn when he got to the empty classroom that the test had been called off two days ago when he cut.
Good luck on your finals . . . may
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
ONCE AGAIN takiL thjL SUITS OR OVERCOATS
PRICED AS LOW AS
$7.80
We guarantee every garment in this sale to be from our regular lines. Our entire clothing stock is open for your selection.
If you feel you do not wanf a suit and an overcoat, or two suits, bring a friend with you and split the savings. It will be worth it!
HERE IS THE PLAN BUY ONE GARMENT AT REGULAR PRICE SECOND AT PRICES LISTED BELOW
1st S19.50--
2nd $7.80
1st $30.00
2nd \ $12.00
$22.50
$9.00
$32.50_
.1 $13.00
$25.00 .
$10.00
$35.00
$14.00
$27.50
$ti.oo
$38.50
... $15.40
Our
Ask About
1C
500MAIMST
Sale on Men's Furnishings
CLOTHES SHOP INC,
your pencil meet and conquer the “Yellow Dog” contract.
Simpson College in Iowa is orle of the few colleges in the United States where students have an equal voice with faculty members in the school government.mm
Tufijsday, January 18, 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Riveters Tame (Continued from page 1)
aged to get the boys to come back and finish the game. Next to Young and his sixteen points came Gene Anderson with nine points for second place honors, while Sines accounted for seven. Nagode topped the Wildcat scorers with two baskets and seven charities for 11 tallies, while Smith gathered up eight markers. Team Improved The fans saw a Purdue team vastly improved over Saturday night's squad, in all departments of the game. Shooting was more accurate, as) is shown by the fact that eight out 15 attempted baskets and five out of six charities in the first half were made good. Passing, although not quite up to pre-holiday standard, also showed much improvement over that of the Wisconsin tilt. Last night's game concludes the BoilerJnaker net squad's activities for this semester. The next game will be on February 5, with Indiana here. The box score follows: Wisconsin (26) B. F. P. Trenkle, f 1 1 3 Koble, f 0 0 1 Smith, f 3 2 1 McMichael, -f 0 1 0 Nagode, c 2 7 3 Vance, g 0 0 2 Voigts, g 0 0 2 Davis, g 10 0 Currie, g 0 13 Totals 7 12 16 Purdue (37) B. F. P. Sines, f 2 3 2 Fisher, f 2 0 3 Young, f 6 6 1 Anderson, c 3 3 2 Dickinson, g 0 0 3 Malaska, g 0 1 0 Beretta, g 0 0 1 Yeager, g . .004 Totals 12 13 16
University Instructors Hold Illinois Faculty Squash Team To 2-2 Tie
Cancel North Central Indoor Track Opener; look For Replacement According to an announcement made by Coach Phillips, a change has been made in the indoor track schedule. North Central, originally the first opponent on the 1938 indoor card, has been dropped, because freshhien are permitted to participate in varsity sports at that school. This is in contradiction to a Big Ten conference rule.
Electrical Machine(Continued from page 1)
may be read directly from a dial. Apple-Polishing No Good Reading directly from the dial it is a simple task for Miss Brant to mark the score on the margin of the sheet, and no amount of apple-poli-ishing during the course will affect the score. The dial will show the number or percentage right ' or wrong, right minus wrong, or right minus a fraction or multiple of the wrong. Only 25 such machines are in operation to date, and are products of the International Business Machine Corporation, New York City. The University's machine appeared on the campus early this semester, although it arrived too late for grading orientation papers, which had been prepared for it.
With Knoll and Fields leading the Boilermaker faculty squashmen against a faculty team from the University of Illinois Saturday in the faculty gym, the University instructors tied the Illini players, 2-2. Playing only four matches because one of the Illinois men failed to appear, the teams won two games apiece. To Play In Detroit The varsity, which wop eight out its nine individual matclhes in defeating the University of Illinois and the Dayton YMCA teams Satfirday, is preparing itself for its meeting with the Western Squash Racquets Association in Detroit on January 29. This team is made up of experienced, ex-college players and ranks high among middle-western squash teams. The Purdue squad expects to gain valuable experience from the Detroit matches. Expects to Win Commenting on the team's Big Ten matches. Coach Clevett said that they would have a very good chance to win them. Tomorrow night at 7 o’clock in the faculty gym on the top floor of the Recitation Building, the freshman and varsity squashmen will hold the last tryouts before final examinations. Anyone planning to play interfraternity squash will be allowed to watch the matches.
“Mother love is largely a matter of saving mother’s face. Mothers don’t want their daughters to fail in school because it reflects on the mother and is socially awkward.” Dr. William Allen Neilson, president of Smith College, thinks the ‘sacredness’ of mother love is mainly poppycock. '
W8 A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—The Home Builders. 11:30—Katherine Shearer, contralto. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Noon Melodies. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ Graefnitz, pianist. 12:45—Jo Friend. 1:00—Journalism Today. 1:15—Farm Security Administration. 1:30—The Monitor Views the , News. 1:45—Market & Weather Report. 2:00—Story Time. 2:15—Metal Shops. 2:30—Parents Forum. 2:46—^Treasure Chest. 3:00—British Isles Talk. 3:16—Concert Review. 3:46—The Question Man. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—^You and Your Radio. 4:46—^Twilight Melodies.
Student Book(Continued from page 1)
at 1 p. m. in the Union ballroom, and moves February 5 to the Union reception room. Regular hours will be from 11 a. m. till 9 p. m. every day until February 6. Members of the Administrative Board of Control are chairman. Ward Stallings; Bob Buckles, and Sully Mason, publicity; Clark Burton, records; Ted Cabonargi, personnel; Don Samuelson, equipment; and Dan Rohyans, in charge of the clerks and counselors.
Interfraternity Basketball Play Nears End Of First Round Of Eliminations
Phi Delf's Lead In Annual Fraternity Participation Race With six of the scheduled 22 events on the intramural program completed. Phi Delta Theta is leading in the race for the interfraternity participation championship with a score of 215, 10 points ahead of Alpha Gamma Rho, their nearest competitors. The Kappa Sigs are in third place with 203 points', and Sigma Chi is fourth with an even 200. The six events run off so far include golf, cross country, softball, swimming, touchball, and freshman cross country. This last event was the one that put the top four fraternities out in front, as they were the only ones that entered teams. Several other houses are up in the 170-190 bracket, but are finding the 25 points they missed out on in the frosh Cross country hard to get back. SAE Installs Officers Harry Pforzheimer, senior chemical engineer, was installed president of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fraternity at a special meeting of the chapter and banquet held in the chapter house Saturday afternoon. Albert J. Schoth, national chapter supervisor and alumni, witnessed the ceremony. Other officers who assumed office were: vice-president, Fred B. Hartman; recorder, Phil Miller; warden. Art Lutz; herald, Ross H. Dean; and assistant treasurer, Paul E. Oxley.
Fraternity basketball competition IS nearing the completion of the first eliminations, with 6ight teams to be chosen from the 35 entries for the final elimination games starting the first week in February. SAE’s, Sig Pi’s On Top Of the 24 teams playing in the upper bracket, six teanfs will go into the eliminations. At present the SAE’s and Sig Pi’s have perfect records with no defeats in six games, and have finished their schedules. The Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Delta Theta teams have perfect records with four and five victories respectively, but still have games to play. Three Have One Loss Close behind are Kappa Delta Rho, Pi Kappa Alpha, and Kappa Sigma, each with but one loss in six games. In the lower bracket of 11 teams the Phi Pi Phi fraternity has a perfect record in six contests, while the Delta Chi’s are undefeated in five games, with one to go. Exponent Work Schedules The following men aye assigned to work tonight: Schroeder, night ed.; Hardin, stooge; Frederick, issue ed.; Tafel, proof; Woodson, marker; Keck and Kroeplin, workers. Schedules for the remainder of the examination period may be found on the main bulletin board in the Union and in the east side office. All workers who expect to be continued in Exponent work next semester must see me before February 3 and must attend a meeting in the East Side office at 7:30 p. m. that date. J. E. Brock, Managing Editor.
LU^ TODAY & WEDNESDAY 'MERRY ROMANCE IN SWINGfIMFi
And that’s the best time for I
Grace Moore rLL TAKE Melvyn Douglas HELEN WESTLEY STUART ERWIN —PLUS— HIS ALL GIRL ORCHESTRA
m
YO& SffN-OF-j1-SaAf
-and Kck fowell did-47times i."THETiTi[0f mES0NG"....i>i* ■ Powell, certainly tells what I did in filming
my new Warner Bros, picture, ‘Hollywood Hotel'. Yet during all this work, Luckies never once bothered my throat. This is also true...
<.■4 '''' ,'<^4
2.EARSING FOR ‘Your Hollywood Parade’, my new radio program. Luckies are the gentlest cigarette on my throat.” (Because the “Toasting” process takes out certain irritants found in all tobacco.)
3. "THAT AUCTIONEER dn our program reminds me that, among tobacco experts, Luckies have a 2 to 1 lead over all other brands. I think Luckies have a 2 to 1 lead also among the actors and actresses here in Hollywood.”
f the auctioneer
4. "SOLD AMERICAN"
chants, as the choice center-leaf tobacco goes to Lucky Strike. Men who earn their living from tobacco, know that Lucky Strike buys the finest grades. These men are the • . .
5. INDEPENDENT Buyers, Auctioneers and Warehousemen. Sworn records show that, among these experts. Lucky Strike has twice as many exclusive smokers as have all other cigarettes put together. A good thing to remember next time you buy cigarettes.
WITH MEN WHO KNOW tobacco) BEST
mn. AluirientUKC. (>npu>
IlC:
Have You Heard the Chant of the Tobocco Auctioneer? # "YOUR HOLLYWOOD PARADE". Wodnwujlov. 9 P. M.. NBC la “YOUR HIT PARADE", $aturfiay, 9 P. M., CBS ^ "YOUR NEWS PARADE", Monday thro FHdoy. IhlS A. M.. CBS ^ (AU CENTRAL TtMEl, ,
tevv./
B-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, January 18, 1938
The followitiR alibrevintions are used for departments and huildinps: AD—Applied Dcsifrn. Ak—AgricnUnre Aiirron^—ARronomy AjtCh—ApricuIUiral Ctjcrnistry AE—Afrrieultnral EnprineorinR AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics Arm—Armory B—Biolosry ChE—Chemical Enpineorinsr Chem—ChcmSstriSCB—Civil EnRincCriner ' . C&T—Clothinp , and Textiles DH—Dairy Hnsbandry EA—Encrineerinp Administration Eeon—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical EnRincerinpr Enprl—Enorlish Ent—Entomolo.cy FHG—Fieldhouse Gymnasium FMprt—Farm Manaecment F&N—Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General EnsineerinR Geol—Geolopy G—-Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Math—Mathematics MT—Military Training Mil—Modem Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics
i- ■ PM—Practical Mechanics
THURSDAY,
JAN.
20, 8-11 A. M.
(i Pur—Purdue Hall
Course Divisions
Room
AD 51
.All ....
.SC 14, 211 : CE 201
i SC—Stanley Coulter Hall
Agron 11
..All ....
Ag 104, 206, 209
Spch-—Speech
B 120
..All ..
SC 12
Univ—University Hall
ChE 117.
..All ..
No. 2—Building No. 2.
ChE 134
..All ...
Heav 202
ChE 226...............
..All ..
f' The examination will be taken only at
..All ...
.Ed 101
'• the time indicated in the schedule except
..All :..
EE 129
! in case of conflicts for irregular students.
.,L
...Rec 313
i. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by con-
..A,F
*
.sultation with the instructor in charge be-
..XF ...
ME 108
i fore the opening of exatninations.
..All ..
Rec 317
Examination periods for graduate courses
Ed 17B
..All ...
..;;.Ed 208
should be arranged with instructor if they
Ed 131
..All ..
*
are not scheduled.
Ed 179
„An ..
*
EXAMINATIONS TO BE ARRANGED
EE 11 EE 50 EE 145..
..All
1
WITH DEPARTMENTS
..All ..
:....EE 347
PEW 51. 53, 55.
EE 161
..All ..
. .. ...
Also all graduate courses numbered above
Erigl 10
„A
Univ 201
200 and not scheduled below.
Engl 10
..C ....
, 5!«
♦Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly re-
cite.
Period 1 WEDNESDAY, JAN. 19, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 101 All Ag Ch 109 All AES 247 ...All Agron 25 All Ag 206, 209 B 1.. A-D SC 211 B 1 F-I ...Phys 202 B 1 N,0,AB G 101 B 21 : All Chem 110b ...All _ Chem 121 .All Chem 320 Chem 131 All , CE 17 ........All .....GE 101 CE 41 A-E CE 308 CE 41 ;....F-J CE 201 CE 74 . All :...CE 304 CE 201 All * CE 224 All Ed 75.... A-C ED 101 Ed 76 D ED 201 Ed 136 : All * Ed 176 : ..;A11 EE 192 All EE 129 Engl B All ;..Univ 211 Engl 32 R * HA 143...: All IM 141 All * Math 231 All - * ML 61 A-E * ML 51 F,G EE 254 MT 5i All Arm MT 15....;..;... All * PE 175 All ; * PEW 69 All ...* Phys 112 All Phys 204 PM 12 All .: G 301, 303. PM 17 - All : • PM 38:..; All * Period 2
Engl 19 G,H Engl 117 ...A ... For 9 All Gov 119 All Hist 1 . ..B Hist 2 D ...n. Hist 15 ...C Hist 113 : All .... HA 9 .......All .... Hort 1 ...All Hort 13 ;;aii Math 12 C-I .... Math 116 All .... Math 226 .....All .... ML 22 All .... ML 33 All ML 42 All .... ML 44..... ........All .. ML 62 All .... ML 62 All .... MM 1 , All .... PhC Z21 .....All .... Pharm 20 All .... PE 13 ...All Phys Ic All PouJ 109 All .... Spch 14... ......N-Q .. Spch 16. C Spch 116 C & D Spch 141 All
..EE 264
Hort 202, Ed ..Chem ;. Phys
..HE 202, ...Hort Hort
FHG ..Phys
WILL THE PERSpN — Who found pocketbdok in the Fieldhouse or on University street please at least mail the personal contents to Edward Franklin, 108 Waldron.
LOST—Friday, billfold containing’ valuable papers and money. Reward. Phone 36401.-—Lee Norquest.
Notices Ko Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
..Univ 101
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoffj 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—Double room, second semester. Phone 31793.
TWO RIDES TO CHICAGO — Friday 4 p. m. Split gas. Phone
3904—Broberg.
ROOM FOR RENT—Half of a double room. Near campus. Phone
7394.
STUDENT LAUNDRY — Phone 75402. By experienced hand, flat ironer. Call for prices. Shirts lOc.
Kappa Delta Pi: Those who plan to attend regional conference at Ball State Teachers’ College in Muncie January 22, sign up in
Professor McFarland’s; office in the Education Building as soon as possible. —BYRD.
Zouaves: The keys are at my address and may be obtained there at any time before January 20. —FRANGOS.
Senior Engineers: Any senior engineering students interested in applying for commission of second lieutenant in the Corps of_ Engineers, Regular Army, ma,y get detailed information from me at the'Armory. —HAYFORD. .Chi Epsilon: Meeting January 18 at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. Each member please bring a schedule of his final examinations. —WALING. Swimmers : During exams there will be no Triton Club swimming. There will be an open swim January 20, 26, and 27 from 4 to 6 p. m. ' —schWehn.
Debris Sales Staff: Meeting room D of Union building at 4 p. m.'January 18. \ —SfEBENTHAL.
Dairy Club: Meeting 7 p. m. in Smith Hall January 18. —SIEBENTHAL.
Lafayette Pniiatefic Society: Meeting on January 19 at 7 :30 p. m. in room D of the Union. —MILLER. WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 4 p. m. January 18 in WSGA office. —SLOCUM.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Members, who attended the initiation breakfast for new members, please bring 40 cents to the dean of women’s office before February 1. —RANDALL.
Union Sophomores: Important that all members of my committee get in touch with me before January 31. - —JACOBSON.
Hats!
Crown Cleaned hats are blocked by a special process that t^akes the felt repellent to water. No Extra Charge for this Service
mmm
FI N E C L E A N E R S O F FI N E ^ C LOTH E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HllL
NEW BUS LINE
TIIS WEEK ii IRE
Direct Service from Lafayette to Rossville, Kokomo, Marion and Muncie For information call your local Bus Station Phone 2105
an
• Piirdiie Exponent Service Directory
—■ Bookstores —
— Jewelry —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
"DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
— Printing — S^cTH'^lNTlNG l^rOFFlce Stationery.. □ . 5 Wedding Invitations II Sales Books, Etc. ... PHONE 2 628 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
—♦ Dine ■—
——Confectionery
dhudijliu DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
—Hardware —-
— Taxi Service —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25s per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
PROFESSIONAL
Locksmith •—
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
“G”CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C,N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Mpin, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
I ^ to spread the Three horse^th^^esYhou^^^^^^
Shall me get
•.. or
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Mike and Lora started off n An "adventure in u^ter -someone called it Veru marriage,” very sophisticated! Then elty wore off Mik-' withson.eone^lsf^.r^ * was too late to telfh bf.Ashortstory. ““'’““‘'''’“"-‘o^arriage in E Flat h C"*»US
ALSO IN THIS ISSUE; CANADA S WONDER BOY. Backed by the man who pays the Dominion’s biggest income tax, George McCullagh is already Canada’s Wonder Boy, publishes its most powerful paper, ranks with Roosevelt as a radio orator. Canadians agree he can be Prime Minister at will, and the C. I. O. rate him among their dearest enemies. A timely article by J. C, Furnas, WHY GO TO COLLEGE? To leam how to think? Or Row to get into the higher income-tax brackets? Dr. Robert M. Hutchins, President of the University of Chicago, continues his discussion of American education. A WASHINGTON ERRAND. Government bureaus multiply, and their power penetrates deeper and deeper into our lives. Why are people >uneasy ? Caret Garrett gives you a reporter’s candid appraisal of where American government is leading the American people...Stories by Leonard H. Nason and Octavus Roy Cohen, serials, articles, poetry and cartoons.
We
Dance?"
f Jg';
* 5
^ J ’