THE WEATHER Fi^Wcast for Indiana: Fair and somewhat warmer todAy
and tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
TUESDAY October 25,1938 Lafayette, bidiona VoL 50 No. 36
Student Forum Tackles Party System Ask For Co-ed Of Government Thursday In Library Cheer Helpers
Socialist..
■ Roy E. Burt, Chicago lecturer and educator, who will speak at Thursday’s forum. Nets Organize New Chapter Of National Society Tomorrow Puidue gained a new chapter in ' national technical societies last night, when faculty members appioved executive committee action calling for a local unit of the Am1 eiican Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers First meeting of the newest campus society will be held tomorrow at 4 30 p m. in room 202 of Heavilon Hall. Members of the society, already numbering 36, will elect officers at this initial meeting. Six ' faculty members already hold membei ships in the national organization. ^ The organization maintains 41 student chapteis, five of them in Big Ten schools, and has a senior membeiship of about 9,000 plus ovei 2,000 student associates. The AIME IS one of the four Founder Engineering Societies, which also includes the ASME, AIEE, and the ASCE “All metalluigical students and ,any other students interested in any other phase of the mineral industiies are uiged to attend the or- ' ganization meeting,” announced A R Peirce and E K Lown of the committee handling pieliminary ar7 langements. ; Activities Bureau To Interview All Male Freshmen This Week
Republican, Democrat, Socialist To Speak “Are the Democratic and Republican Parties Doomed?” is the question for discussion at the student forum to be sponsored by Tau Kappa Alpha, forensics honorary, this Thursday night at 7:30 in the east reading room of the Library. Due to the increased interest in the subject, a change from the regular meeting place was made to accommodate the larger crowd. Harry P Schultz, prominent Lafayette attoi ney and former district chauman of the Democratic party, will uphold the party system of government, paiticularly that of the Democratic paity Chailes H Robeitson, also an attorney, and one of the leading Republicans m Lafayette, will present the case for his party Socialist To Speak Roy E Buit, Methodist minister from Chicago and executive secretary of the Socialist party of the United States, will uphold the contention that the major political parties are on the decline The heated fall political campaigns seive as the immediate cause foi the discussion Background for the question is the reshaping of party lines on major issues of the day Threat of a split between the conservatives and the progressives m the Democratic party, the current status of the Republican comeback, and the one-party system of Germany and Italy will probably come m foi discussion. Each of the principal speakers is to talk biiefly, after which question and comment from the floor will be entertained, as was done in the first forum. An overflow crowd of 500 people attended that meeting Though not m the nature of a debate, the forum will encourage the discussion of controversial issues by the speakers. The meeting will be adj'ourned promptly at 9 o’clock Both Authorities Schultz is one of the prime movers in local Democratic circles, and is thoroughly informed on practical political science, as is Robertson of the Republicans. Burt holds a Doctor of Divinity degree from North-
Democrat...
. . . Harry P Schultz, Lafayette lawyer and Democratic leader, who will share the platform with Roy E. Burt at student forum Thursday.
western Univeisity, is a member of the Newspaper Guild, and has made a life study of social, economic, and political problems In 1932 he was Socialist candidate for governor of Illinois He has appeared at Lafayette before, having spoken at the Central Presbyterian church In presenting this forum, Tau Kappa Alpha is following its plan of alternating local and national questions. To date, student interest in national questions has held the edge. Don Paarlberg, vice-president of Tau Kappa Alpha, will preside T.A. Coleman Will Talk At Monthly Ag Luncheon Membeis of the agricultural staff will have an opportunity to hear Acting Director of Extension T. A. Coleman tell about “Extension Work m Indiana 25 Years Ago,” when he speaks at the regularly monthly ag staff luncheon, Monday noon, October 31, in the Memoiial Union Building J C Ralston, 4-H club department, will be chairman of the arrangements committee and toastmastei
If the co-eds cooperate, the University student cheering sections will soon be within shouting distance of being led by feminine yell leaders. Head Cheer Leader Stubby Meier last night announced that the staff of cheer leaders was officially issuing a call for all prospective girl yell leaders. “No previous experience is necessary,” Meier stated, “but we will naturally keep on the look out foi gills with acrobatic ability” Graded On Curves To a question concerning qualifications, Stubby answered, “Well, in the first place the giil must have a good figure If this condition is fulfilled, she should, secondly, be good looking, or at least pleasing m the eyes of the howling mob.” Here Stubby turned his head to try and hide the “I don’t think it’s possible” look m his eye Call Frankie Eastburn All gills interested aie asked to get m touch with Frances Eastburn at the Alpha Chi Omega soroiity, 5091, duimg the noon houis, or at the activities office m the Union, after 4pm Frankie will take the names of prospective yell-women up to and through Thursday night, according to Mister Meier “If we aie successful m these efforts to secure co-ed representation on the cheering staff,” Stubby concluded, “the girls will appear at the Indiana game, Novembei 19 ” Begin Lodde Contest Eliminations Today Co-eds who signed their names and affiliations for the Lodde Speech Contest, will participate in the preliminaries this afternoon at 4 o’clock in University Hall Girls who signed up will be notified concerning schedules of their speeches today. From the preliminaries, eight or ten co-eds will be chosen to speak in the finals, Wednesday evening at 7 30 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium Winner will be given a desk plaque, and the organization with the highest total points will be awarded the Lodde Cup for one year An organization winning the cup for three consecutive yeais will be given permanent possession of it
245 New Students From 125 Different Schools Set All-Time Transfer Record
k All male freshmen in the University will be inteiwiewed by the activities bureau throughout the week. All those contacted should report , piomptly at their interview time to loom F in the Union Building Object of these interviews is to j find out what activities the freshmen weie enteied in duiing their high school career, and in what activity they would like to partici- ^ pate in heie Freshmen will hear a talk on each activity, and from these they can select any one in which they aie interested. In this way activities gam men who are interested in that phase of work and aie not forced to take anyone } Doctor J. H. Martin, Ag'17, Receives Research Post EJ^octoi J Holmes Martin, Ag ’17, r has been appointed diiectoi of the new legional poultry research laboratoiy at East Lansing, Mich. Dr. r Mai tin at present is professor of poultry husbandly and genetics at the University of Kentucky
By Don Terrio Setting a new all-time record, 245 students transferred to Purdue this year from 125 different schools, representing almost every state in the Union, plus Canada, China, and the Canal Zone. They constitute 3.61 per cent of the 6,778 students registered on October 1.
These figures weie obtained from the legistiai’s list of entering students and checked against directoiy cards; exchange students are not included. No official University tabulation of tiansfer students is made. Indiana University extension schools, located in larger towns throughout the state, top the list with 36 transfers Indiana University follows with 14; Butlei, 9; Indiana State Teachers, 8, MacMurray, 6; Hanovei, 5; DePauw, 5, Wabash, 4, and Moiton Ji College, 4 Three from Shanghai Chao Tung University in Shanghai has three lepiesentatives, while Queen’s College in Canada and Canal Zone Jr. College have one tiansfei each To complete the list, 11 schools have three transfers apiece, 14 schools now have two foimei students now in Purdue, and 88 othei students come from the 88 lemaming schools. These schools include Yale, Florida State, University of Washington, Oregon State, Brown, Rutgeis, Kansas, North Dakota, Cornell University, University of
Calif01 nia, and othei colleges and universities throughout the country Some telephoning seived to obtain a few ideas from transfers about their former school and then new Alma Mater One-to-One at SMU Ellen Kepnei, Theta tiansfer, said, “The co-ed latio at Southern Methodist University is one-to-one, and for many dances we had stag lines in the ratio of thiee-to-one Just think how a fifteen-to-one stag latio would look to the dancing Puidue co-ed' Vivian Petersen, Kappa pledge, commented, “Puidue and all its men IS quite a change after seeing only gills on the Lindenwood campus every day. I gladly miss 11 o’clock week-end hours and Lindenwood’s isolation.” Les Cornell, EE ’40 transfer fiom Indiana’s Taylor Umversity, believes, “Puidue tuins out graduates like a factory turns out machines Tayloi, like so many other small colleges, IS “just one of a big happy family.” “Bunch of Big Brutes” “Puidue men are j'ust a bunch of
Helen Jepson Sings To Capacity House Appears Again Tonight In Memorial Gym At 8 O'clock Before Sophomores, Juniors Helen Jepson, leading soprano of the Metropolitan Opera Company, thrilled over 2,300 people with her singing in packed Memorial Gymnasium at last night’s convocation. Miss Jepson will sing again tonight at 8 p. m. before sophomores and juniors. Freshmen and seniors attended last night’s concert. Convocations Committee Chairman J. T. Gunn stated last night that only blue tickets for faculty and tan tickets for the townspeople will be honored at tonight’s performance. Sophomores and juniors will be admitted upon presentation of their passport, but no freshman or senior will be admitted without a single admission ticket, obtained before today. Convocation Sonffstress
big brutes . . and you can quote me.” . this startling statement tiom Janne Steele, HE tiansfer from MacMurray. J. D Mai shall, ME ’40 from Queen’s University in Canada, said, “Kingston is noted for three things. Queen’s University, its penitentiary, and its insane asylum The order IS optional ” Girl Stag Lines Theta pledge Mary Lou Non is observed, “We sometimes had giil stag lines at Western College, a gills’ school. I’ll bet the Purdue men would be happy there!” Dorothy Andrew, Kappa pledge, came out with, “At Saiah Lawrence, gills can take just whatever couises they are interested in Sunday afternoon tea dances duimg the football season are a social highlight.” Geoige Campbell, ChE, ’40 translei fiom Canal Zone Ji. College, lemaiked, “It’s going to be something different when I have to wear an oveicoat to class The first big snow up heie will really be something new in my life.” > Ernest McClmtock, ME ’41, transfer from Yale, commented, “Stiictly, I don’t believe the old adage is true which states that ‘nine out of ten co-eds aie good-looking and the tenth goes to Purdue.’ However, at Yale we didn’t even have the paltry tenth.”
Miss Jepson varied her program of operatic Italian, German, and French numbeis with an occasional light English air. She pleased her student audience with “Hey, Diddle, Diddle, the Cat and the Fiddle,” Schubert’s “Serenade,” “Oh, Dear What Can the Matter Be and other selections. She presented each number to'her audience with complete ease. Gracefully leaning back against the piano she acknowledged applause with sincere smiles and graceful bows. Street-car service on University street north of Second street will be discontinued from 8 p. m. until 9:30 tonight in order that the convocation audience may listen to Miss Jepson without interference from outside noises. The Lafayette Street Railway Company generously stopped this service temporarily last night and will do so again tonight at the request of Controller R. B. Stewart, representing the convocations committee.
Miss Jepson, charming and slender on the stage, sang with bell-like notes of perfect purity. She is not only a glorious singer, but ladiantly beautiful and animated—a triology of gifts not always found on the concert stage Helen Jepson stated last night that she is unable to give autographs while in Lafayette. However, persons desiring her signature may obtain it by writing her at the Metropolitan Opera Company in New York City. Following tonight’s peifoxmance Controller R. B. Stewait has planned a dinner party in the Union for Miss Jepson. The Union Board, Convocations Committee membeis, and a few guests fiom local musical organizations will be present. Following last night’s convocation the Student Union held a public reception for Miss Jepson in the main Union Building lounge.
Quill Will Speak At AChS Meeting “Radioactivity of Raie Earths” will be discussed by Di L L Quill, chemistry professor at Ohio State University, at the local American Chemical Society meeting Thursday. Dr Quill will speak at 7 30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistiy Building, following a dinner at 6 o’clock in the old chestnut loom of the Union Building Dinner leseivations may be made at 65 cents per plate thiough Professor Shrewsbury in the Agricultural Experiment Station.
Learning To Lead Initial Meeting Of WSGA In Union Maiy Alice Learning will be in charge of the fiist meeting of the second annual WSGA training school this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the reception yoom of the Union. This school will be held each Tuesday and Thursday night for the next six weeks and will be attended by 100 sophomore co-eds outstanding in scholastic activities who have received invitations •* Meetings will last one hour The purpose of this school is to teach gills the work of WSGA committees and to prepare them for work in the organization. Half of the girls will attend on Tuesday night and half on Thursday night./,&
^diiohud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JiOfihihoA
Tuesday, October 25, 1938 0
Students Showed... . . . plenty of the old pdpper last Saturday when the last half of the ball game began. After watching their team fail to click for 30 discouraging minutes they decided something ought to be done. And they did it. Noise near the level that a touchdown always calls for broke out from the stands the minute the team came back onto the field. Then the players responded by completely turning the tables and pushing two touchdowns down Wisconsin’s throat. Ba9king like that, can’t help but inspire the team, and such inspiration can be an important factor in making victories. We weren’t exactly surprised at the unusual show, but it certainly made us proud to be with a student body that will spontaneously burst forth with such evidence of loyalty and school spirit. Activities Bureau... , . . workers have been on the ball since their recent elections. Room F of the Union Building is their office, and 4 o’clock every afternoon sees the beginning of a two hour period of hectic activity. After getting some of the kinks worked out of their own organization and enlisting a staff of sophomore workers, the Bureau began compiling some much needed data on this year’s campus activities. First use of this data will occur when the Bureau begins within the next few days the task of publishing the 1938-39 Student Activities Chart. Last year this chart was published for the first time, wasn’t ready for distribution till November 23, but met with instant approval on all sides. The chart last year contained essential information on about 97 of Purdue’s extracurricular organizations, .. . listed such things as purpose, main work, officers,; time required for workers, meeting place, and requirements for participation. This year most of the same topics will be covered. Slight changes in the form and write-up style will be made, but the general purpose and use of the chart will be similar. Student activity leaders were recently mailed questionnaires to be filled out and returned by today. Those questionnaires are the Bureau’s only source of reliable information and their prompt receipt will be absolutely necessary to insure the quick and accurate publication of the Activities Chart. The Bureau has been on the ball—now they’ll see just how wide awake the rest of the activities are, as indicated by the punctuality and quality of the returned questionnaires. No Co-eds... ... led cheers last Saturday, although we admit that Stubby Meier’s sitylish scarfs had us fooled for a minute. Today, however. Stubby starts the ball rolling
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I>afayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during Ahe Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. I- S. Hardin City Editor - D. A. Bailey Associate Editors . G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W, A. Eroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — — W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugheriy National Advertising Manager- — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director — _D. J. Henninger REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO MADISON Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston • Los Angeles - San Francisco CO-ED STAFF Editor .. . — Sally McKee Associate Editors— — — -. - — Joy Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor.._ - — • — R, L. McDonald Associate Editors . .. .. ~ .. J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offdal University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 5038
Night Editor^Terno Issue Editor—Miers Tuesday, October 25, 1938
by issuing a call for girl cheer leaders. Figuratively speaking, femininity will be one of the greatest requirements for the co-ed yelling staff. Acrobatic ability and brains will also be at a premium, but Stubby promises to supply the experience. We hope the Purdue co-eds won’t be offended at the suggestion that they lead cheers as University of Texas girls were. The idea sounds good to us and we can almost guarantee it will be popular with the cheering sections.
“Once a year, but oh, how we love it.” This about sums up the prevailing undergraduate feeling toward the very recent experience known as Homecoming. The campus was a bit too crowded ^what with regular students, alumni, visitors, and parents. However, it was great being crowded for awhile under such pleasant circumstances. —H-H— Not only does the team deserve orchids for their performance, but we also owe all kinds of buds to our gang of super cheer leaders. Their work was the “real McCoy,” and we agree with the sentiments of the fans around us who named the lads the best cheering combination seen in these parts for a long time. Their fantastic antics add a zest to duller moments in the game, too. Some boys! —H-H— In your roaming around over the week-end, did you happen to see Bob Schlundt, Nelson Parkhurst, Petie Light, Ace Forster (with Petie of course), Carroll Mangas, Jack Goory, or Emily Tubbs? They weie all back on campus, as also were Carl Sadler, Janet Martin, Bernard Everett, Jim Shoemaker, Martha Cassell, Waited Wood, Marianne Cummings, Rut|h Wetzel and Blanch Kernel. A number of other visitors looked familiar but we just couldn’t recall their names. —H-H— Ideas for Purdue’s hour on the WFBM program. Campus RoundUp, are still being welcomed. Louise Edwards, who has charge of the progi*am, is going to interview Hank Miller concerning co-eds campus clothes on this Sunday’s program. But we also want to send some unusual news or entertainment over the air. So if you have an idea, tell us about it by dropping a note, addressed to HIM and HER, into the Exponent box in the Union right away. ^ —H-H— Hope you recover from the weekend even if you, too, indulged in plentiful pourings of potent poisonous potions.
Bing Crosby and Fred McMurray star at the Mars through tomorrow in “Sing You Sinners.” As musical members of the wacky Beebe family, the team rises from small town obscm’ity to fame and fortune via Los Angeles night clubs and race tracks. A number of songs, including “Small Fry,” written by Hoagy Carmichael, who gave us the never to-be-forgotten “Stardust,” are woven into this entertaining comedy. —C— “Stablemates” unites Wallace Beery and Mickey Rooney for the first time, m a tailor-made story for the stars which will be shown at the Lafayette through tomorrow. Beery, a “has been” veterinary is regenerated through the inspiration of stable boy Mickey. —C— “Kentucky Moonshine,” the hilarious story of three vaudeville actors and a girl, who went to Kentucky to make good, will be back on the screen of the Luna today. The Ritz Brothers, Marjorie Weaver, and Tony Martin, provide the rib-tick-ling situations in this comedy success. —C— “Kidnapped,” the screen version of Robert Louis Stevenson’s immortal story, starring Warner Baxter,
TODAY — WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Gene Stratton Porter’s great story . . . Now greater on the screen! ./.^-PARKER in Romanced oj tneJ LIMBERLOST wixL ERIC MARJORIE LINDEN MAIN
PLUS:
THE SMASHING NEW PRISON DRAMA OVER THE WALL By L«wit E. Laws Sinp Sing's Fearless Warden
uimem TODAY — WEDNESDAY
—EXTRA— POPEYE CARTOON
/
IRC
TODAY — WEDNESDAY JACK HOLT
and
BOB ST££i£
-ALSO
“Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
Freddie Bartholomew, Arleen Whelan, and C. Audrey Smit|i, will be shown at the Luna today and tomorrow. Jane Withers schemes with Borrah Minnivitch and his gypsy gang in a plot to marry Rochelle Hudson to the right man, Robert Wilcox, in “Rascals,” as the other half of a double feature. —C— “Romance of the Limberlost” will be reshown at the Main through tomoiTow. Jean Parker and Eric Linden take the leads in this love story of Laurie, a swamp waif who brings beauty into the lives of her people and Wayne, a young lawyer from another world. “Over the Wall,” a prison story by Warden Lewis E. Lawes will complete the double feature bill.
IdARS TODAY — WEDNESDAY
-EXTRAROBERT BENCHLEY in “How To Raise a Baby” PETE SMITH SPECIALTY
LUHA TODAY — WEDNESDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
WARNER FREDDIE BAXTER-BARTHOLOMEW ARLEEN WHELAN — Plus —
^WITHERS
A 20th (.enlury-Fox Pietvn with mCHEUHmi-nilBERTWIUlIX MIMH MIMEHTCH ANb HIS OANO ADMISSION Marinee 20e Nights 20-25C Children lOc
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
SIGMA CHI BREWER is doing a bang-up business this year with his new Plymouth. He has managed to get dates with LOUISE SCHICKLER and CAROLYN SHAW. It seems that PAUL COOPER has been pushed aside but claims that he has been waiting around for an excuse. WHY DON’T YOU OFFER BREWER a vote of thanks, PAUL? LOUISE BAIN, KAPPA of a year back, returned to good ol’ Purdue for homecoming this past weekend, and to date she has not returned to her job in the deep South. WE NOTICED LOUISE over in town Saturday night. We hope that the stay here is not what is commonly called a Hang-over. STUBBY MEIER IS STILL looking for a girl that will come out for cheer leader. The whole trouble is that the type he wants does not exist here at Purdue. The girl he describes would make a good date for PROM! THAT COULDN’T BE THE motive behind this whole business, now could It MEIER ? LEMONS TO HANK MILLER for the faux pas of the season on his “Man on His Way to the Game” broadcast Saturday. Hank; “Here’s a man to be interviewed. Your name, please ? Man: “George Bell.” Hank: “And are you a Purdue man?” Bell walked on and Hank had to fall back on describing the weather for the 100th time in 16 minutes. THE ORGANIZED GIRLS ARE having their worries these days. It seems that the Dean of Women is thinking of shifting all trade-din-ner dates to Friday and Saturday nights. THIS WILL WORK OUT SWELL execept all the fraternities will be tiying to get trade-dinners on the week-ends of all the big dances— or will they? PAUL ECKSTEIN, KAPPA SIG
Copr 1038 by United Featnre Byndteate.
“You bet you’re worth more money than you’re getting.
Sneed—we need more men like you!”
1 Vk
FISH, is “strapped in the trunk with a skunk”^—^although he’s not by himself—and IS finding it an impossibility to get a date. PAUL HAS SPENT HIS FOUR years around here looking, and now that he’s gotten to be a senior he has stopped looking and started trying—just trying. LAST LINES OF A PURDUE ED; I always knew that she Was not the only fish in the sea. But it never occurred until too late That I was not the only bait.
A University of Texas mathematifis class was recently dismissed in the middle of the class hour because of a swarm of bats which invaded the lecture hall.
Case School of Applied Science has a new 160,000 volt radiographic machine for the detection of flaws in metals.
University of California scientists have just completed a schedule of babies’ crying habits during the early months of their lives.
ANNOUNCING
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads--
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE You'll be certain to contact your better market through the new classified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at Business Office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
Purdue Exponent»v
rnimm
Tuesday. October 25.1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Fraternities. Wards To Run Annual Cross Country Meets
Coach Elward Warns Engineers Not To
Cecil Isbell...
Underrate Hawkeyes As Regulars Relax
Squad Loses Mihal For Iowa BaHle Saturday, Comes Through Week-end Wisconsin Game In Good Condition Settling down to prepartion for the invasion of Iowa City Saturday, the Boilermaker “sixty-minute” gridiron combination “got-in-gear” yesterday to encounter the Iowa Hawkeyes that Boilermaker scouts insist are potentially stronger than
their season record would indicate.« Coach "
“Don’t tmderrate Iowa!”
Mai Elward warned the team as he excused the regulars after a brisk limbering up drill and chalk talk, and concentrated the reserves on an extended scrimmage session.
“ Visitors On The Spot”
“The Hawkeyes haven’t had a break all season,” cautioned Elward, “and physically they had a squad that rates with the best. They’re about due to break loose, and once again it looks like we he on the
spot.”
The play against Wisconsin’s Badge! s ovei the week-end revealed, Elward felt, that his regulars were too road weary after their gruelling battles with Minnesota and Ford-
ham.
Although the Badgers dominated the play m the first half, the Boilermakers, sparked by a number of fresh men, completely held the play throughout the second half as they staged their brilliant rally to top the visitors. In Good Condition With the exception of Co-captain Joe Mihal, who received hospitalization over the week-end, from a bad kick on the head in Saturday’s’ contest, and who may be out of action against the Iowa hosts, the Engineers came through the Badger battle in comparatively good physical condition. Elward was pleased particularly with the performance of Pete Timperman and A1 Rossi, sophomores, who provided convincing evidence that they can adequately back the veterans Mihal, Diehl, and Johnson. Included in the sage Coach’s re-
marks was Mike Byelene, chunky little halfback, who provided brilliant relief for Lou Brock.
WAA News
Riflery Practice Riflery practice, which precedes the women’s intiamural riflery tournament, will get under way on Thursday. There will be five practice sessions before the tournament starts. Betty Smith has chaige of the intramural riflery tournament, which IS scheduled to stait m six weks.
Swimming
Synchronized swimming will be novel feature of the annual joint aquacade given by the Dolphin Club and Triton Club this fall. This type of swimming was a suggestion by Miss Russell, Triton advisor, who attended an athletic conference this summer. In their weekly meetings, Tritons already have practiced formations in time to music.
. . . former Boilermaker backfield star, who was awarded a trophy last Sunday for being the outstanding football player in the recent AllStar game in Chicago. Cec is now playing “fast” ball for the Green Bay Packers in the National Piofessional League.
Tickets For "Room Service' Almost Out
SPORTS MEETING Special meeting of all junior, sophomore, and freshmen workers on the Exponent Sports Staff, at 7:30 tonight in room E of the Memorial Union Building. All other freshmen interested in working on the Exponent Sports Staff are requested to attend. McDonald.
We carry a stock of Frank Medico Pipes. Choice of styles, $1.00, H. G. (DEAC) REISNER
WHAT FRAGRANT TOBACCO
IT"S MOT TME TOBACCO—ITS THE FILTEm
NEW SHAPES & FINISHES
^^^medico
has only pat'd. filCer eombininfl ceilophano exterior and 66 baffle absorbent screen interior. Traps saliva and fuices In filter^ preventing] wet heel. Hence It Improves
taste and sromcD of ony tobacco.
Rain! Rain! \ Oh! For a Raincoat
Our coats, raincoats, ties and all apparel are made to stand up under strain, but still they are stylish. Corduroy Coats . . . $5.98 up Corduroy Pants $2.98 Sweaters $2.98 Slacks $2.98 up
Reliable Clothing Co.
224 Main Street
Organized Men Stage Annual Ward Runners Race On Russell
Meet Tomorrow Afternoon Field, Meet At Fieldjiouse Today
Fraternity cross-country men continue their annual running event tomorrow afternoon at 4:20 o’clock on Russell Field, proceeding around the course three times and finishing at the entrance. M. L. Clevett, Jr., Phi Kappa Psi, sophomore, will defend his
title again this year.
Pour runners may compete for ™
each team, with the first three to finish scoring for their squad. Extra participation points will be awarded to the winning fraternity, and each fraternity entering the race and finishing three men will receive 25
points.
A cup and medals will be given to the winning team and individual members respectively.
Deutman Beats Lucht In Tennis Tourney Finals
Sellout,.,
... of all of the reserved seats for the Indiana-Purdue gridiron battle here November 19, was announced last night by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Tickets in the temporary bleachers to be erected in back of the south goal were all sold out yesterday. In view of the exceptionally big demand, advanced ticket sales of a limited number of general admission tickets will permit standing loom in back of the north curve, was started this morning. General admsision tickets are priced at $1.00 and will be available by mail until the supply is exhausted.
Tickets for Friday’s and Saturday’s performances of “Room Service,” ’Playshop’s first production of the current year, are going fast, G. D. Williams reported last night. Since the record number of season passes have been sold this year, the holders are urged to come in for their reserved seat tickets early or face the possibility of second choice as to night and seating. “Room Service” will be presented by a cast entirely new to Playshop productions. Under the direction of H. Kenn Carmichael, winners of the recent tryouts have been rehearsing diligently, going through their first dress rehearsal last night. Two more dress rehearsals on the hotel room set are scheduled before the opning performance on Wednesday night. A Broadway hit last season, the play also proved popular in pictures when recently released featuring the Marx Brothers. Rollicking comedy throughout, this production will be followed by the less comic “Dracula” in December, and “Bury the Dead,” to be staged in February. “Brother Rat,” scheduled for presentation in May, will conclude the Playshop season. Playshop has doubled its season ticket sales this year, selling out the entire Fowler Hall seating capacity of 2,400 persons. Interest shown by the public so far, according to Mr. Williams, promises to make the current season the most successful one in Playshop history.
Military Ball Ticket Sale Starts Today; 635 Will Be Sold
Tickets for Military Ball, sponsored by the University’s ROTC unit and featuring Bob Crosby’s orchestra with vocalist Marion Mann, will go on sale at 4 o’clock this afternoon in room 104 of the Armory. The Ball will be held on Armistice Day, November 11, in connection with the regular ceremonies. Boh Heine, in charge of ticket sales, states that “There will be exactly 635 ducats sold, and no tickets will be reserved in advance.”
Today and tomorrow ticket sales will be open to cadet officers and reserve officers only. Basic students may purchase tickets on Thursday, and the sales will be opened to the general student body "and pub'Hc at the regular price of $2.75 Friday. Tomorrow and the following days on which the sale of tickets will continue, the ticket office will be open at 12:30 and will close at 5:30 o’clock.
HOME FOOTBALL SCHEDULE
Nov. 19—Indian^ (Dad's Day)
PIGGLY WIGGLY
By defeating Ray Lucht 6-2, 2-6, 6-1, yesterday on the varsity tennis courts, Harry Deutman captured the finals and championship of the all-campus tennis tourney. The frosh racket slinger will receive a
trophy for his feat.
i
The annual ward cross-country race will be staged this afternoon at 4:15 o’clock over the University’s two and a half mile course, with runners starting at the Fourth street entrance on Russell Field and then continuing three times around the course and finish-
ing at the entrance to Russell Field. Four men may enter the event as a team, the first three to cross the line scoring team points. Individual and team winners will be the
recipients of medals. More Competition
“An improvement in ward competition is expected because of the addition of the new Cary Hall dormitories, constituting 10 new units to ward competition,” Intramural Director M. L. Clevett said last
night.
The turf pounders will meet at the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock for numbers and will go to the field in a group. All men students are eligible for the meet with the exception of A. Bodeau, A. P. Knapp, P. B. Marozick, A. V. Gaulke, R. H. Fatout, and W. M. White.
By Bruce Witwer
We digress a little from the home situation and present some Michigan news today . . . variety is the spice of something or other so we may as well have some here too.
—^fc-
The Wolverines have a tackle by the name of John Brennan who is just a little fella around home . . . even though he does stand 6 feet 2 inches and weighs 200 pounds, he is still the smallest man in his family in three generations ... it looks as if the family name must have come down from Paul Bunyan . . . he was a nice sized lad, too.
Badmiiiton Players To Meet In Annual All-campus Tourney
-fc
Here’s a chance to subjugate your math prof, by proving that three feet don’t make a yard . . . John Nicholson, an end on the Michigan squad, gave the athletic department the unique pleasure of getting size 15-EEE shoes for him . . . they are the biggest that the University has ever gotten and came packed in two boxes.
Tomorrow night at 7 o’clock the annual all-campus badminton tournament will be inaugurated in the Fieldhouse. Five courts have been set up on the main gym floor, and matched tournament play will continue on succeeding nights until the winner is determined. Last year’s champion was Jim Mann, Sigma Alpha Mu, who will attempt to retain his championship again this year. Any badminton “feather-dusters” who have not signed up for the tournament must be present on the first night of the matches, according to M. L. Clevett, intramural director.
-fc—
Scholastic Honorary Will Pledge Eleven
Any tickets returned will be distributed to those on the waiting list in the order in which the applications are received. The committee in charge stresses the fact that ducats are not transferable, as the passports must be presented at the time of purchase and will be then punched. The ticket must be signed in the presence of the ticket salesman. Armistice Day ceremonies, to be held in Fowler Hall, will be preceded by salutes, which are fired at 11 o’clock on November 11, by the advanced military students.
When Michigan beat Chicago this year by scoring 45 points, they made a 12 year high in scoring . . . they beat Michigan State 65-3 in 1926 ... it was also,a 13-year high in Big Ten scoring as their previous big score was against Indiana in 1925 . . . 63-0 . . . going back into the records we find that their largest point total was made in 1904 when Fielding Yost’s “Point-a-Min-ute” team trounced West Virginia to the tune of 130-0 ... a score like that gives a team a lot of good practice.
—^fc-
Eleven sophomore women Ivill be pledged to Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in room B of the Union. The qualifications for membership is a five point rating for either semester of the freshman year. Pledges, according to President Joyce Burnham are: Dorothy Holden, Bernice Beisel, Ellen Bassett, Martha Brown, Elise Jacobson, Loretta Heilman, Dorothy Miller, Ruth Bennett, Merle Hagemeyer, Georgia Carroll, and Mary Lou Goff.
So much for the Wolverines . . . another bit of interesting news . . . since the Davis Cup tennis matches started in 1900, four countries have monopolized the winner’s roster of the competition . •. Australia, England, France and the United States.
Intramural Notices
FOR SALE
TTPEWSITERS—AU makes, staadai^ and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as 120.76. Supplies. C. F. E%enhoff, Main street
Official Troyer
TOUCHBALL
Today Field
1— Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Nu. 2— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa Psi
Chaffee
3— Theta Chi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon
Fishel
4— Triangle vs. Alpha Tau Omega. McGrath 6—Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Tau Delta. • Noland 7^—Theta Xi vs. Phi Delta Theta. Margolian 8— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho Brodsky 9— Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho
Eveis
10— Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Gamma Rho Doland 11— Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha Lamoureaux 12— Acacia vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Pauline
FOR SALE—Majestic radios $10. Bookcase $2.00 Phone Art Greg 31162 after 6 o’clock.
ROOMS FOR RENT
BEAUTIFUL ROOMS—Single bed, hath and toilet separate, city heat, telephone 6391.
MISCELLANEOUS
I WANT TO BUY 66494. Size 36-38.
A TUXEDO. Call
WANTED—Boys to work Saturday afternoon, October 22. Apply Purdue Union Cafeteria.
SOFTBALL 7—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. (Beta Theta Pi or Phi Sigma Kappa. Berry 9—Ward 7X vs. Ward 6.
WANTED—Drummer for dance band. Call Don Pyke. Phone 3916,
GOLF Phi Delta Theta vs Kappa Delta Rho
ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put yonr muaical instrument in first class condition and ^ve time and money, 6U Mam St. Phone
WANTED—Your laundry. Phone 36614.
Personality led all other qualities in the listing of male assets by University of New Mexico co-eds.
LOST AND FOUND
Union Friday night. Call Theta Chi Mouse. Reward.
The University of Toledo has added four accordions to its football band.
Ome^sorority pim Please S!^ev^rZ*^“^ C^iesman. 402 Waldron
l^ST—-A i^te gold ladies wriat watch. Ph^risT** Russell St. Rewardsj
3kad. (ZcOl
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
n^nilroA.
Tuesday, October 25,1938
WSGA Will Interview Transfer, Fresh Girls In an effoit to aid fieshman and transfer guls in finding activities suited foi then individual peisonalities, WSGA IS interviewing all iiew^ students again this yeai Every gill is asked to give her past high school activities, piesent activities, and those in which she is inteiested Libby Baines, activities committee chan man, has had postal cards-, sent to notify girL of interview tmie Howe\ei. any giil who is unable to come at the time assigned IS asked to come whenevei possible.
YWCA Literature Group: Meeting Wednesday October 26, at 4 p m in the YWCA office —BUGHER
WAA Hocltey: All upperclassmen must get in practices this week (10-27) —FRASER WAA Mixed Archery: Tournament-Wed-nesday, October 26, 4 until 5pm —FRASER
Glee Club: Be ready to sing program at 7 16 p m Wednesday, October 26, in faculty lounge Appear in full dress. —STEWART
WAA Open Swim: All grads, undergrads, faculty women swim, Thursday, October 27, 7 until 9 30 p m. —FRASER
WAA Campcraft: Meeting postponed until Monday, October 31, at 7 p m Dr Rose will talk on first aid in the woods —FRASER
WBAA
Archery. Meeting of men and women interested in archery at 7 30 p m Tuesday, October 25, in room 106 of the Fieldhouse Beginners are welcome —KINZER
—TOD Alii 00—The Dentist Says 11 15—Social Security Talk 11 30—The Home Makers 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Court of Safety 12 16—Jim Hoffman—pianist 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Songs and Melodies 1 00—Monitor Views the News 1 15—Electric Shops 1 30—Scientific 'News Re\iew 1 45—Market R ports 2 I’j—Patricia Reiser—pi mist 2 30—You and Vour Child 2 45—Tieasure Chest—Mildied Templin 3 00—American Legion Piogram 3 16—Corriiie Ragains—soprano 3 30—Magic Carpet 3 45—Joe Rittenhouse—popular songs 4 00—Heialds of Destiny 4 15—Stinson Brothers 4 30—Prof Chas Murphy—Town Forum 4 45—Story Book Hour
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members must be present at pledging Wednesday, October 26, at 4 p m in room B of the Union Junior and senior members are welcome —BURNHAM
Mortar Board Dinner at Women’s Residence Hall North Tuesday, Octobei 25 at 6pm —WOOD
Sophomore Union Workers Will my committee please meet in Union office Tuesday October 25 at 4 p m —CREPPS
Glider Club Open meeting in room C of the Union Building Wednesd ly, October 26 at 7 16 p m New members will bt considered —MOORE
Purdue Engineer The following men report to Rice in the Engineer office at 4 p m Tuesday October 26 Adams Harper Newman Packman Lawler Payne and Gale —CATTERALL
Notices
student Book Exchange The following will collect then money fiom the book exchange at the Student Union office Tuesday October 25 at 4 p m as the book ex change closes then Vaughn Hill Earl Tener G M Wadleigh J N Mastronard H O Har\e\ R L Zweig R N Land F Bon gen Leo Neisus L H Selkowitz J E Obrien I Given and B J Shoit —RICHARDSON
Triton Club Meeting Wednesday October 26 at 7 30 p m at the Memorial Gym pool Because of convocation theie will be no meeting Tuesday Octobei 25 -JORGESON WAA Hockey All sophomoie junior and senioi girls who are expecting to play on class teams should attend the field hockey practice Tuesday October 25 at 4 p m —SHAFFER University Orchestra Rehearsal Wednes d ly October 26 in Union tower room foi broadcast —PHILLIPS
WAA Riflerj Tuesday October 25 Ward 2 6 15 Alpha Xi 7 00 WRH S 7 45 AI pha Chi 30 —SMITH
Metallurgical Students Oiganization meeting of AIME will be held Wednesday October 26 at 4 30 p m in loom 202 of Heavilon Hall —PEIRCF
Wesley Foundation Moining watch will be held Tuesday October 25 at 7 30 with Helen Doughlas as leadei —MELSER Triton Club Meeting Wednesday Octo ber 2b at 7 30 p m in the Memoiial Gym nasium pool —JORGESON
M SGA House President’s Council Meet ing Tuesdaj October 25 in loom B of Union at 4 p ni —JAKES
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held Tuesday October 26 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union Building because of convocation —MeINTOSH
Co-cd Forensic Managers* Report to room 308 University Hall, Tuesday, October 25 promptly at 4 p m —demoret
University Co-eds* All girls interested in trying out for cheerleader positions leave names and phone numbers with Frances Eastbum at 5091 during the noon hours or at the activities bUreA after 4pm (10-27) —MEIER
Lodde Speech Contestants The following girls repoit in room 301 of University Hall today October 25 at the following indicated time 4 00 p m—B Hyman M Kirkpatiick P Sharkey B Adkins M Nourse G Flaeger D Carpenter, M Darnell L Carpenter M Fink H Cooper P Meaghei C Reifcrs E Miller, M Wallace 4 15 p m —T Cox P Davis N Wood J E Blind, C Brande, J Weil, R Baker R Sexton, R Wattleworth, J Haltom B Cover C Peterson, C Scudder, C Roblie J Cooper, G Roe 4 30 p m —M A Miller, P Keiser, B Lommen D Andren, B M. Swope, J Yeoman M Guthrie, H Lange, B Campbell, J Paulus, P Potter, J Fickle, D Quinn, B J Cox, N Dennis, E Haase 4 45 p m—H R Cox, M Kuntz, D
Sophomore Union Workers; Our committees report to workshop 'Tuesday, October 25 at 4 p m —WILLIAMSON, DeMARS Scabbard and Blade Important meeting Tuesday October 26 at 7 16 p m in room A of the Union for selection of pledges —ZIMMER
Activity Bureau Sophomores Workers on our committees report Tuesday, October 25 in the activities room of the Union at 4pm —BREUER LUTZ SMITH
Activity Presidents: Please return activity questionnaires Tuesday October 26 Mail or deliver to activities bureau Union Building —LUTZ
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Dine
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
FRANK^S PLACE Good Food at Reasonable Prices 111 Vine St, W Lafayette
• Professional
• Christmas Cards
The Risk Dental Clinic * PAUL A RISK—O D S HAROLD J RISK—DDS ROBERT G RISK—DDS LUTHER A RISK—DDS Schultz Building 4th and Mam Phone 5701
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1 50 Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free if desired An Ideal Xmas Qft Order Early NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
• Shoe Repair
• Locksmith
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
••C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• jewelers
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St Phone 2828
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Goans, B Miller, K Lang, F. Senour, A. Myers, D Bibler, M Baumgart, J Caldwell, J. Carrel, J. Dennis, R. Randall, K Verner, M Harding, C Kern. 6 00 p m.—B Ketcham, A Martin, M. Nichols, R Powell, B Richmond, A Rodefeld, E Westover, D Baper, E M Lewis, V Diehl, J Morehouse, C. Hayford, J Ragsdale, F Totten, 6 16 p m —E Kisler, V Sommer, M Harper, D Seisa, M E Fischer, D Gamble, M R Craig, E J Smith, M E Switzer, J Yeager, B Spears, B Hartle, H Ritchey, Y Price, M Freeland, J Noble 6 *30 p m —L Schickler, B Hancock, A Reed, K Ade, M Speith, S Enders, V Armstrong, Betty Smith, I Irvin 6 46 p m —J Nelson, W Thompson, J Ostrander, P Smith, M G Miller, K Howell, N Able, V Brande, R Baker, J Bourne, M Wattles, R Newton, L Keller, J Kendall, E Young, D Miller, M Lee, F Jones, B Evans. 6 00 p m —B L Lockner, M Wood, J. Davison, J Shake, M Jones, C Stewart, P Umfreys, B Bresicker, R Renfroe, M Whitehead, M J Sefton, P McMath. 6 IB p m —M Johnson, Margaret Johnson, N. Dewitt, G Schilling B j Smith, S Davis, M Baldwin, B Frazee, P. McCorkle, B Voigt, C Heintz, C Caldwell, A Martin —DEMORET, PHILLIPS
placed in order in which they are submitted —FAULCONER
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so
before Saturday noon. October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards should
then be filed in the Registrar's Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 20, if properly approved by the department concerUed attd by the
Dean of Men.
-FlSflER
AIChE: Meeting in room 320 of the Chemistry Building Tuesday, October 26, at 4 00 p m F, M Truesdale of the Hammermill Paper Co, will speak on Sulphite Paper —JACOBI Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managers: Taylor, Wheeler, Hart Howard, Thorton Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Reister —CAN.
Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday November 3 Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers Entries will be
Have we neglected to mention it lately? Crown Cleaned Clothes are mothproofed by the Monite Process. All wool garments we clean are guaranteed against motlh damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
fj hmmu
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
IS THERE A STRAIN ON YOUR FAMILY TIES?
ARROW TIES ARE BETTER SEE THIS WEEK’S POST page 79
/
''’•I
fM <■ < y
OF
^oReaUfRonthllS. C to- did they get ^this curious govliliggsi JOSEPH ALSOP and BOBERi
champ
... and - oh yes/--BumeE cuBiffiP P.HIIL SIMS! Meet P. Hal Sims, master technician of the fine art of winning Bndge or billiards, golf or tennis, horse-racing or chemin de fer—Sims is expert at them all Read in your Post this week stories of his greatest coups, how his freak memory cost him a bndge championship, and what he has learned about poker. \ Name Your Game by PARKER MOREU
Jmu' to start a^ofiallargument JUST tell somebody that football today is downright soft compared with the game in the 90’s. You’ll have “Pudge” Heffelfinger, alltime All-American guard, to back you up on page 16 of this week’s Post. Barred (at 52 •) from playing against Yale because he was too rough, “Pudge” tells why old-timers wouldn’t stoop to tackling a dummy, and what modern stars rank with football’s great.
ALSO RIGHT HUSBAND FOR YOU!” Lucia had it all planned out But Agnes Burke Hale shows you how even a Splendid Executive Wife doesn’t always guess right ... “I GOT FED UP WITH MURDER.” Arthur Train speaking, as he concludes My Day in Court, the colorful account of his experiences m New York’s old Criminal Courts Building Here’s his own story of how he went from prosecuting criminals to writing about them . . . QUEER NURSEMAIDS these South Africans havel Tame baboonsi In The Human Taint, you’ll learn what happened when wild and tame baboon met—with a young child’s life at stake By William J Neidig ..Squids Royal, an unusual story of the sea, by Charles Rawlings . . . Serials, editorials, Post Scripts, and cartoons.
! ( 1
* ■f