7^/
.C
’l
'
t
/ ,<;^'mt$f,i \ /n‘wlr >' •■/ '*"'"‘i',''I .W''#!('<'■-* i''4l'\T <*t Pr'-^f'" .fu ■'‘yk "’ >> i“ V '' ' ' '&\' , ' > 'J ,< ' -'' ^ A, * * ? A ^■S' ._4/4.-2ly^ ^ 1-i .1- 1,.-.V.X.^ I— —, t -1-11,- ^ ^ * 1 ^ ^ /- ^ i ^ ^ J
.ti'" ’V j» i' If’•'''’' if'’'' /
m- <
IMIRRY-GOROUND ^fSiys/Business Battles ilontract Renegotiation ^
Iflume 56^ No. 92
*¥»■
EDITORIAL CAiJUE * ? ‘"'0a JM, „ ”1 ,^4,A,
For Representative ' At Big^O Conference
Established 1881
Big Vacation
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, December 21,1943
emi-Term Seniors Will Graduate January 2
JUl
twelve Students Make Perfect Index uring September-October Term
Five-Point Or Better For Tv/o / ,
Semesters Warrants Refund Union Activities To Close
Ninety-Five To Receive Diplomas At Exercises
During the semi-term twelve students made an index of 6.00, arid 26 had an index of 5.75 or more. Students who made the Pjerfect index are as follows: M. Lee Bender, sixth term science aiudfent from St. Louis, Mo.; Treva Davis, junior in science, tVest Lafayette; Virgil Duncan, engineering senior, also from T^est Lafayette; Robert Eger, sophomore in mechanical engilieering, from Chicago; Rich-
ard Hively, second term engineering student, from Elkhart; Rdbert Kendall, fourth semester civil engineering student, Wabash; Carl Kleppe, sophomore in mechanical engineering, Milwaukee; Victor Levy, sophohnOre in mechanical engineering.
War Records Show University Grads Missing in Action
, - = Tragic evidence of the distinOldahoma City, Okla.; A. Jay Mar- guished participation in the war of till, mechanical engineering sopho- former University students keeps mpre, Washington, 111.; Charles Mil- pouring in. Four more men have ler, engineering sophomore, Teift, been added to the list of those either hhd Lucile Nitsche, pharmacy fresh- missing in action or taken prisoner, man, Chicago. Lt. Milton Reeves, 1939 graduate Students who were distinguished of the School of Mechanical Engitwo semesters ago will receive a neering, was reported missing in rfefund of $15 from the University action in Italy November 23. Lt. Cashier, and students making dis- Reeves was assistant business man-
tinguished during the semi-term will also receive the same amount. Persons who made distinguished for both semesters will be refunded $30. No I'efunds will be available until
next week.
.Listed below are the students whose index is 5.75 or more: Henry Arnold, 5.77, engineering student, tiopston, Tex.; Robert Batchelor, 5.93, mechanical engineering juniorj Tipton, Ind.; Paul Bower, 5.96, i^reshman in engineering, Wauke-
Army Outlines No
During Xmas Holidays immediate Change
In AST Program Future Changes Depend On War
Sweet Shop, Cafeteria, Chestnut Room, Bowling Alleys In Union Shutdown
Eating facilities in the Union will be closed Friday, Saturday and Sunday morning of Christmas week end for civilian students stated L. M. Vallely, manager, yesterday. Other departments of the Union which will be affected in the shutdown on Saturday only will be the bowling alleys, the gaming rooms, ——— and the barber shop.
In making this statement, Vallely said that the main reason for the stoppage was the lack of help available in the cafeteria lines and the waitresses for the Coffee Shop, Chestnut Room and Sweet Shop. He emphasized that the shutdown applies in no way to the cafeteria lines for service men and that regu-
Engineer Features Full Page Pidures, Two New Columns With two new columns and a pair of full page color pictures, the No-
vember issue of the Purdue Engi- lar service would be continued for neer is now on the news stands. throughout the vacation.
Sweden, when he was called to ac- The two pictures were the cause of Sweet Shop will open Saturtive d)ity as a reserve officer in the the late date of publication since afternoon at 4 and will stay
President’s office announced yesterday that definite plans are being made to hold commencement exercises for approsimately 95 Univresity students on Sunday, January 2. The graduation is to be held just as those in the past have been, with the ceremony taking
place in the Hall of Music.
The students who are scheduled to receive fkeir diplomas in this mid-term commencement ' are those who started the semester needipg only half the regu-
lar number of hours carried each term to complete their
courses.
Part of their tuition fee will be refunded at the cashier’s office, the amount being determined by the amount of the tui.tion paid. The returnable fees
were arrived at by deducting the five dollar registration fee from the amount originally paid and dividing the remainder by two. Thus, resident students will receive $24.50; non-resi-dent students not enrolled in the engineering schools, $49.50; and non-resident engineers; S62. President’s Office Issues Notice Members of the senior graduating class will continue in their regular scheduled classes through Saturday, January 1. Senior class
The situation at the University as far as the Army and Navy training programs are concerned will remain unchanged on the whole, according to President E. C. Elliott,
Banquet Ends National Farm Work Course
ager of the Exponent and was an exchange student in Stockholm,
After a two weeks course in ways and means of simplifying farm work, 24 persons from 20 states at-
,who returned to the campus Sunday banquet at the after attending a meeting of the Economics dining room SatArmy and Navy board in Washing- December 18. Dr. F. B.
*°BpferrinP- to the .nonooed r.n^ead “f the departnient of "embers should arson^tecarefffily t, vor. V • 1 psychology, thefollowingitemslistedonabulKo f tbp A qT the group, pointing out ^ president’s office,
tion of the AST progiam, he said the principles in getting a new idea
that as has always been the case, accepted Theses must be completed,
the number of men in the ASTP is ^he course was backed bv*the Ex-
subiect to chanee denendent on the • n • ja a rr t-a ments, and filed in the registrar’s
suDject to cnange aepenaent on tne tg^gion Service of the U. S. Departwar situation, but that as desig- Agriculture and directed
by Dr. E. C. Young, dean of the
field artillery. German Prisoner
open until 12 as usual in order to
there was some difficulty in having accommodate guests at the regular
nated in the Army notice of last Friday, no immediate elimination of the program is or has been con-
templated.
Draft Positions May Be Changed
office by 9 a. m. Tuesday, December 28. The diploma fee must be paifi
, , , , , , , , by this date and all conditions or graduate school and leader of the delinquencies must be removed and
national farin work simplification registrar
project, and by M. E. Mundel, codirector of the University farm
crew memebrs. Vonnegut was a student of the University from Sep-
sha, ,Wis.; John Costas, 5.94, engi- tember, 1941, to January, 1942, rth^ing senior, Muncie; Arthur Eb- when he withdrew to enlist in the
erhftrdt, 6.81, sophomore in engi- Army Air Corps,
neering, Indianapolis; Shirley Eldridge, 6.93, science sophomore, Boswell, Ind.; James Gildersleeve, 6.90, science sophomore. West La-
fayette.
Others making 5.76 or better are: Michael Harper, 6.83, fourth semester chemical engineer, Winchester, (See DISTINGUISHED, page 4)
them printed. One is a shot show-
Lt. Walter Vonnegut, former stu^ • . t •,
j i. • ii. c. 1. 1 ^ A ■ AA. ing the loading of a giant Liberator
dent in the School of Agriculture, .
who was reported missing over Ger- express of the Air Transport Cornmany in action November 5, is now mand, and the other is a high in the a prisoner with some of his fellow sky view of three Martin Marauder
First Lt. Donald H. Russell, marine pilot, who was a former student
medium bombers. Alumni News Included “Alumni Notes” is the first of the new features. Here all graduates are invited to keep in touch with each other and the Engineer. This
mixer to be held in the Union ballrooms. The eating establishments will be open for regular service Sun-
day noon.
Student Help Needed Due to the shortage of help which will be experienced over the holiday, Vallely is requesting students to work in the cafeteria line serving for the service men. He stated that the regular wage of 36 to 40 cents per hour would be paid and that
He said that the controversy may work simplification laboratory, have been brought up by the recent Instructors included members of draft discussions. In regal’d to the the University staff and persons position of students on the campus from other educational institutions with reference to the draft, Presi- who had taken previous courses at dent Elliott stated that it undoubt- Purdue. Practice and instruction edly would be changed, but that no in the principles of work simplificadefinite action would be received for tion and their application to jobs another month. Dean F. C. Hock- performed on farms were included.
office by
the heads of the departments. (2) All property belonging to the University must be returned to the respective departments by January
1,1944.
(3) All financial obligations, not only to the University but to individuals and organizations, must be
fulfilled.
The wearing of academic gowns during the commencement exercises
ema, assistant to the president, had Special emphasis was given to meth- optional. Those desiring to
efaforl vcmo'n'Htr 4-T^af i-in-f-tl nrTc nx f.Anpnmo' nno'nTp fn iico Fnoao _ . .
awarded the air medal and cited for courage and gallantry in action in the destruction of a Japanese warship in the Solomon Islands Febru-
Gates, ME ’07, who has been elected national president of the ASME. The second innovation is “The Lions Roar,” a page of assorted
ary 1, 1943. He later was reported poems and pictures. Dean
Mudball hey there clarence i am not in the hospital and i dont have flew or a cold or anything i guess that makes me a non-conformist yours truly mudball
the School of Science, has been ^ f ^^als would be provided at all serv
n.Ai-„r. Tv/rw >0-7 v,„. Uaaaaaa estimated 35 pr 40 is the
minimum number needed to fill in at this crucial time, he said, and any and all other help will be appre-
ciated.
Ag Staff To Attend Christmas Party Wednesday Evening Three hundred agricultural staff
tures is a story describing the tech- members, clerical workers and 200 nique of infrared photography and guests have been invited to the
one of the men who was on Bataan also one on the drilling and pump- annual Christmas party to be given Peninsula at the time of its captiu'e ing of oil in the Arctic, a project agricultural department in
stated recently that until further ods of teaching people to use these
definite action is taken, the posi- principles,
tion of students as regards deferments will remain unchanged.
K. D. Wood To Talk
missing in action February 4, and since no further word has been received regarding him, he is pre-
sumed to have been lost.
Capt. Hix W. Meier, who was a student in mechanical engineering at the University from 1934 to 1937, has been a prisoner of the Japanese for 20 months, according to/word from Americans who returned to the United States recently. Hix is
Knapp’s overtime work is the topic
of one cartoon.
Acquisition and function of an AC network calculator, which will prove extremely useful in electrical research, is described by WBAA engineer Richard Corporon, an EE
senior.
Among the other interesting fea-
Student Organization To Aerpmodeiers
Finances Made Public
obtain them may rent the gowns from Gullion’s, Reisner’s, Southworth’s or the University Book
Store.
The exercises will be open to the public. No tickets will be required for admittance, and the doors of the
Finances of student organizations of the University are made public by the 18th annual report of the auditor of student organizations ac-
Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the l^usic Hall will open at 1.
aeronautical engineering depart-
ment, will lecture to the Aeromod- Prof. J. H. McKee
ellers Club tomorrow at 7:30 in the clubroom in the sub-basement of the Union. Prof. Wood will discuss the principle of model airplane design.
.. . head of the English staff, and Mrs. McKee, following a tradition, of several years, held their annug.!
counts written by W. A. Bodden, as- All students who are interested are buffet supper for the English and
by the Japanese.
necessitated by the wai.
Wmc
Favors It, But. . .
Congress, Army, Navy Civilian College Training
Shelve Program
By Pat Richardson For more than three years the Whr Manpower Commission has been trying to have ^ongress give its consent to a cij^ilian college training program. In July the latest of this series of programs advanced was taken into considei’ation by the Wi^C; however, nothing has yet materialized. The program includes provision f6r federal aid on the basis of need up to a maximum of $76 a month pbr student. The federal aid would be restricted to students majoring in essential fields in which there is a serious manpower shortage. It is further limited to individuals in the following four categories: Women and men physically disqualified for military service and those discharged from' military service who are not physically disabled, men under 18 who could advance far enough in their scholastic training so that they would be able
to complete their training within 24 months after becoming 18, men deferred through existing regulations of selective service as being essential on the home front. By this civilian college training program industry would receive a continuous flow of technically and professionally trained men and women to fill the serious shortages in essential civilian war services. Students would receive financial assistance for their collegiate training and college enrollments would be brought neaier to their post-war levels. Judging by the fate of foimer similar programs this plan has little chance of getting anywhere. In the spring of 1942 WMC head McNutt asked the U. S. Office of Education to prepare a civilian college training program. A committee of college educators was appointed to draft a plan. The plan called for
a selection of students from among those who had completed a year of basic education. The students were to be selected after thi,s first collegiate year for military service or for the continuing of training to meet essential civilian needs in industry and community service. The plan was turned down by the War Manpower Commission. A second similar statement of ideals was accepted, then shelved. Army, Navy Stop Program A new piogram was started authorizing the Army and Navy to increase their quotas of trainees in colleges. After training in the Army and Navy programs, these additional trainees would be released to meet essential civilian production needs. The Navy lefused to use its funds for civilians and (he Army accepted, but did nothing to change the existing programs,
the Union Wednesday evening, according to L. A. Wilhelm, program
chairman.
The guests will meet in the student lounges of the main floor and the Women’s club chorus will begin the party with caroling. There will be singing in the great hall by the Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, director of musicaUorganizations. The club will present a birthday present to President E.
C. Elliott.
The remainder of the evening’s program will be held upstairs. A four piece band will play genuine barn dance music for square dancing, and a carnival will provide ten or twelve special features. Bridge games will,also be organ-
ized.
Throughout the evening guests will be writing to the 130 former members of the agricultural staff who are now in the services. This custom was started last year when approximately 600 greetings were sent. P. F. Connelly is general chairman of the affair. Coed Hours Wednesday, Dec. 22, 10:30 Thursday, Dec. 23, 12:00. Friday, Dec. 24, 1:00. , Saturday, Dec. 25, 1:00^. Sunday, Dec. 26, 11:00. Friday, Dec. 31, 1:J>0 ' Freshman women will have the regular 7:00 p. m. hours Wednes-
day.
sistant controller, and published re-
cently by the University.
The report includes the income, operating expenses and balances of 96 different student organizations
for the past fiscal year.
The University’s system of oi’ganizing and auditing student accounts was inaugurated in 1925 and has since been copied by other edu-
cational institutions.
invited to attend. Penalty Days
Thursday, December 23, and Monday, December 27, are penalty days. A student who is absent from any class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of $5 for each day or fraction thereof missed.
—DEAN OF MEN.
journalism students of Mr. McKee at their home Sunday evening. Besides the great number of students there, the party also included faculty and alumni. Notice Exponent ivill not be published on Christmas Day, but will be out as usual on Tuesday, December
28.
Bookkeeping Made Easy , . .
Institution Management Classes Learn Principles Of Accounting
By Margaret Hirt “Net profit or net loss, debit or credit, liability or asset, expense or income?” Such words float freely in the conversation of the seniors in the institution management classes in the home economics school at the University. These seniors are concerned with such phrases for they have just this week begun to “keep books” for the home economics lunch room, laboratory for all phases of institution management training. The lunch room serves noon meals Only to a polyglot assortment of diners. Seniors Study Accounting Part of the work of the seniors specializing in the institution management curricula is to spend onehalf of a semester learning the prin-
ciples of accounting. After this training, the class is given the problem of setting up the books for the lunch room and actually keeping them for a three months period. Each student makes complete sets of books for her -own use in the future. Recognized and accepted accounting procedures are used. Cash receipts from lunch room sales and cash disbursements are recorded. At the end of each month the items are posted in the ledger and the monthly trial balance sheet is made. At the end of the third month the students “close” their books and make financial reports to their instructors, the same as if they were being given to the president, chief accountant or controller of the University.
Daily Attendance Tallied In addition to the thorough training in bookkeeping and aeeounting proceduies, these students keep records of the daily attendance in the lunch room. Thej^ then figure percentage of ineoiiie spent for food, wages, rent and other expense items. If these percentages do not coincide with the theoretical idaa.L reasons for variation are discussed. For students desiring more work in bookkeeping and accounting, a problems course is offered. Here the student pays all invoices Tby check, does bookkeeping ou the veal books and keeps the rationing records. This is only one phase of the varied experiences offeied the studepti specializing m institvition manage^ nient at the University.
%■■fpnpHipi^ip|appHP
X
||BaH/«ie Exponent combined with ^Purdue Independent'
Offices: Edifon'al -and Busmess PurduG Mcm|>rial Union, Phono 4005 Spotfs, Fieldikouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 1,0 p. m., 5377
Jifdws Edifar.. .Managinjr Editor,. ’•Sports Editors
Elfia Murphy Mary DilU .. L .William )l. Tyson ’. Carolyn Wilbur :.Kayniond J- Smith, Russell M. Eipcs
Publicar:dn Staff * ^ ■ Editorial Staff Associate Editors: .Taclc Abbott, Ruth M.'Ford, Mndelyn A. : Grotiics, Jainos T, HjchardF(m, Mnr^rnrct ,Y. StolTcs, James Acl^rman, Frank Vci?h, i’byili? Mann, Martha I/oe Rii?gs, 'T^Katy HoweP.' Associate Sports Editors: James F. .'Vekerman, Paul Garber. WHlianv Garber, Warren C. Wrikdil. . Service Staff: Mc.rri.s Better, Gahricd Elias. Leo Friedman, Jack Martirc, Jay Newman. Jerry KocUinj:, Bob Baker. Business Staff Advortisinff Manager: C. li. Gaunt. .Asfdslant Advertisitiir Manaiter: lietty Maney. Circulation Manajrer: R. G. Sauorman.’ Staff For This Issue Editor: Richardson Day Editor: Steffes City Editor: Ford Issue Editor: Miner Reporters: P. Richardson, I.K?dcrcr. Lewis, Gold. Brooks, Gcorireiio.n, Van Liew, Woerner, Goetx. Yarj^ar, Margolis, Tucshurg', Roih. Gnrre;t. S'reetcr. • Staff Photographer; W. C. Tolbcr Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay’ette, Indiana, under the ant of Congress of March 3, 1879, .and. at the special rate of nostage provided for in section 'lids, net of October 8. 191r, authorized January 20, 1922. Published oii Tuesday, Thursday ,and Saturday mornings, dur..ing the year. cNcept certain v.aeation periods. Delivered daily ' by carrier for .fl,25 for n semester; by mail, for $1,60 for a ser^ie.stor. Subscriptions may he obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. ' Represented for iiational advertising by National Advertisinfr Service, Inc., Collogo Publishers Representatives, 42U "^'ladison Ave., New York. N. Y. msHiw Tk. Rt'9. .0. S. f!«t. 04i ■MW-60-ROUND 8y DS S W P.EARSON Bysirssss Groyp Bat-Hes,Con-tract Renegofiation; Debate Before Senate Committee .j.WASHiyGTON—The , other day, Walter George, ■ '{iiBtinp’uished Sciiator from Geoi’gia, issued a summons for me to ajipear before hi.s Senate Finance Committee. Fk“ propo.sed ci oss-cxamining me about my statement^ M'r this column regarding- his friendship with and the mfinence of Ellsworth G. Alvord, powerful tax.lobbyist . ofdhe U. S. Chaiuber of Commerce. I gladly accepted Senator George’s .summons, though a standiu.g commidec of the.Senate has no p6''v'f^r to subpoena v. itne.s.se.s. l-nfortunately, he was ill the next day and, thou.gh I had held myself in readiness, I have .heard nothing of (he matter since. ' , Senator George is an able, astute member of Congref;.3 and Ihafre fretitumliy paid tribute to his achievements, particular):, hi.s .statiosmanlilio policy on foreign airairs. Hovrtwer, the activities of fax loI)byist Alvord aijd the power -vvhick the Ih S. Chamber of Commerce appears to cxcicis.e on tax legislation is something whichtiie American people are entitled to know about. This power may be greater than Senator George .dualizes. Since he took the initiative in calling me and since yarious editorsjiave incp.iired about the outcome pf the iiiatier, I shall endeavor.to rfiporl in this and subse<yiient co]uinn.s regarding the i-.ackground and activities of tax lobbyist Alvord.
War Conference 'A Representative Plans are now being made for a w,ar copiference of all Big Ten schools and other schools in the area. We feel that such a conference will be a help to our own'War Council which is now in the process of reorganization. Coordination of war activities among the universities of the country is something; that is needed during these days. An exchange of ideas is really the ,basis pf progress, and a war conference of uniyersities,, shpuld really bring out some new and. important ideas.. This University sometimes appears to be devoid of ideas, and if the new,War Council president, were sent to this it plight bring a few needed ideas from other schools to this campus. . The war conference, according to the tentative plans, will try to promote student participation in war. activities. On this campus we need some ideas to promote the sale of war bonds and stamps. That is just one example of a way in which the University might profit from having a representative at the war conference. It may also prevent the War Council from dwindling down to the point of inactivity it had reached before the opinions convo revived it. ' Even thouglr the plans for this conference are not complete, the time, for the War Council to start thinking about a representative or perhaps a delegation is noiy, and not just before the conference is called. "•
even then tfmountecl to .twice the annual average profits .I'ust before the war. i ■
GRIN ANblWli:
LicKty
“Notice how the kiddies are reading more non-fiction .? Current events probably scare them more than the old thrillers.”,,; Many Service Men Take Advantage
Army Fires Back
General Clay was devastating in his testimony. He pointed out that Rockwell’s Timken Company made axles for heavy-diity trucks vital to the Army, and
Pei^sdiitnel fifotes
posited at the post office. The most common gifts this companies scheduled to visit the
Christmas are photographs, campus:
^Lsl'lieig. War Profits
Most important tax question being debated in the Senate today is rene.gotiation of war contruct.s. Start of this debate dales back to a statement made b.y Al~ voi'd before the Senate Finance Committee la-st year, when he said; ‘'Mr. Chairman and. geiitlcmen, 1 invite each of .you Idgioin an offensive.' It. is an offen.sive, which, like all other ou'eTisives, A-.-ill require courage, precisely the KUmc.kind of courage our boys are showing in action.” Tax lobbyist Alvord then proceeded to outline his definition of bravery—the end of renegotiating war contracts—in other words, leaving the profits in war. ' Renegotiation is the system by which the Army and Navy call in a manufacturer who ha.s made millibn.s on a cost-plus contract and require him to scale hi.'j profits down to a reasonable amount. Under this system, .some companies, such as Alcoa and Sperry Gyro.scopc, have voluntarily returned to the U. S. Treasury around $100,000,000. ’''Senatoi- George, chairman of Ihe Senate Finance Comrniltee, said nothing at the time of the above statehibnt, but later he tame out in a Ki)eech before the elaborate annual dinner of the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, for Avhicli Alvord lobbies .so efficiently, and ^oposed repeal of renegotiaiion. •wnMeaiivvlsfle, Alvord had been hammering home the same idea. Finally, when the tax bill came before Senator George’s coinmittee, lie was the first to work hard to abolish the Army-Navy power to renegotiate war contracts, a power which (he llou.se of Representatives already had retained in the tax bill. The dcl.iate in the Senate Finance Committee has been spect'acular tliou.gli unpiiblicized. Bulky Tennessee )iioiintaijU:'(.'!' Senato)- Kenneth-McKellar, crusader for !io )Ji'ofits in war, lias ])l,iiniped him.self down in a chair right under Senator Gcoi-ge’s nose. McKellar is not a member of Geoi-ge’s committee, so he cannot sit 0:1 the ele\ated dais. ,He .sit.s below, squarely in fi'oni of witnesses, wliere he can crosas-examine them on war iJiXiiiis.
Activit^ies Bureau Also Gives Helpful Hint’s On What' To Buy For Christmas
By Dorothy Van Liew
More than 50 gift laden service men have wended their way
that there were not many companies which could man- to room 356 in the Uhion where they have found willing and ufacturc them. (Rockwell IS also chairman of the board nimble fingers to adorn their boxes, with big red bows and of the Wisconsin Axle Company, Standard Steel Oonfa Clans stickers But that isn’t all Thesfe helnful beople Spring Company, and several other firms making sim- StlcKers. UUt tUat isn t all. inese neipiUl people iiar equipment). The plan was for Timken to take the the job of packing the precious. gifts in, whatever Army contract and sublet it to Standard Steel. How- excelsior and cai'dboard may be necessary and carefully wrapever, Timken demanded such a high profit that the ping the whole T>^ckage in
. heavy paper already to be de-
Wc hud. General Clay told the Senators, “that Timken proposes a fee for itself of $4,368,000 for providing supervision and direction of the axles by a subcontractor. At the same time the subcontractor (Rock-
well’s Standard Spring) will receive a fee of $6,336,000 (sailors, especially, seem to be U. S. Rubber Co., Naugatuck, on axles alone. fond of sending these) and, oddly Conn.—Dec. 21, 1943. Interested in I regret to say that I have not been able to get enough, musical powder boxes. M.E. and E. E. 1 imken to agiee to any modification of its demands,” A marine -wondered if they would National lube Co,, McKeesport, General Clay continued. “We may in the end be com- wrap a present for his girl. Natui-- Pa,-|^Date to be announced. Interpelled to., sign this contract with Timken simply be- ally they replied in the affirmative, Gsted in M.E. and E.E. Sign in Percausc wc must have the goods and cannot be sure of whei-cupon he produced a huge rag sonnet Office by Wednesday, Dec. 22. .getting them any other way., ’Ibis will be done only .doll which presented some new pi’ob- -Reyere Copper and 6rass> Inc., as a last resort. lems of packaging. Rome^N. Y,—January 11,1944. InGencral Clay also brought out that Rockwell, a re- One poor misguided .soldier terested in M.E., E.E. and Met.E. scivo lieutenant colonel, was sore because the Army brought a box that showed definite Also ASTP and NCTP. Sign in had renegotiated downward his high profits of 1942. signs of; having been submitted to Personnel Office by Friday, Dec. 31. Presumably, that was why he appeared before the very rough treatment. In fact, the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., AkSenate committee to support tax lobbyist Alvord’s sides of the box had been squashed I'O'h Ohio—Jan. 12. Interested in courageous offensive ’ against renegotia*tioii. to such an extent that they very C.E., Ch.E. and AeE. Sign Senator George has now helped insert in the new tax closely resemebled an accordion. It Personnel Office by Friday, Dec.
bill a provision generally regarded as emasculating later developed that the soldier had 31. renegotiation. It provides that contracts on standard been vmder the impression that commercial commodities shall not be renegotiated, packages had to meet certain specSince axles are standard commercial commodities, ifications as to size and Rockwell should be happy. Since a great prepohder- ti'ied in vain to bring- his within the
ance of what the Army and Navy buy, from tooth limits.
brushes to shoes and blankets, also arc standard com- Furnish Gift Suggestions, Too
The services of this busy group
General Electric Co., Schnectady, N. Y.—Jan. .17 and 18. Interested
he had iu M.E. and E.E. Sign in Personnel
Office by Jan. 5.
Federal Telephone & Radio Corp., Newark, N. J.—-Interested in E.E. and M.E. Coming Jan. 13. Sign
mercial products, tax lobbyist Alvord also should be
happy.
Differences Arise ever, -rhey h™ b„„ wia , However, many other business men are not happy, good suggestions for the special Many oi them believe sincerely that business must gift problems and, in. one case, they not come out of this war with the label “profiteer” went so far as to help with the acpiuned on it. One oi these is leading Detroit banker . tual shojiping. But there was one Joseph Dodge, arflircctor of Packard Motors and the soldier that they just couldn’t help Fedeial Rescive Bank, and a staunch believer in the very much. . He wanted to buy gifts profit system. Dodge, however, believes that, in order for two sisters, two girl cousins ( ? ), to protect that system, profits must be reasonable, a two-year-old niece and a grandand he has patriotically given his time to head the father. This may seem to be about
WarDepartmeut’sPi-ice Adjustment Board, which ro- the usual Christmas list, but it A ^
negotiates contracts. seemed that all these lucky people •Dodge IS a Republican, just as most executives of either had everything or someone
the War Department are Republicans. He has appoint- else was sure to give it to them. The Indiana State Personnel Died many Reimblicans and leading business men to help No amount ,of suggestions or ideas vision, 141 South Meridian street, him renegotiate contracts, including James McIntosh, seemed to satisfy him and he left Indianapolis, announces a variety loimeily with Baldwin Locomotive, Philip D. Armour almost as unhappy as he came. of openings foi- college graduates of the meat-packing firm, who certainly believes in the The favorite customer was the boy interested in careers, in Indiana
profit motive, John Francis, Cleveland industrialist, who not only claimed to be a ckam-
ByjackAbbett
With ihanyj, Americans praying that this will be .the I'^st Christmas under war time conditions, the United States enters its second year of the war. Europe progresses well into its fifth year of the struggle^ and the Chinese with over seven years.;Of fighting the Japanese under their belts hope for a little rps^by the 1944 Christian Christmas so that they can begin to catch up:jwith the rest of the world ^ .. -.ti
socially an^ economically.
The chances Are good that peace might come in 1944, at least peace in Europe. And if President Roosevelt and Prime Minister Churchill have-gotten Stalin to consent to throwing the Russian war machine against the Japanese after Russia has taken care of Germany, the war in the Pacific should come to a close a few months
after, the 1944 Chi'i§J;mas. Congress on yaejitiort ; ,
Taking- advantage of the Christmas holidays, Congress has decided to take a little peaceful holiday of its: own and go home to feather its nests and find out exactly which way the wind is blowing for the presi-dential-election next year. What Congress will find out when all its members get to their respective districts will cause many a congressional hair to turn gray, and this won’t happen solely to Democrats who happen to support the New
Deal.
Republicans will find a few gray or gi-aying hairs awaiting them, not because they are Republicans, for there are many things the American people would like to have cleared up before they start to return their congressional representatives to Washington next November. . . . Some of the questions that will make the most honored- Congressmen a little uncomfortable will be about (l)’the voting of service men; (2) the problem of ever increasing unrest among- capital, labor and the farmer, and (3) just: what is going to be the congressional policy in the peace and the world after the peace.
Nazi Power Still Intact
, German forces after the initial setbacks that occurred earlier in the year have greatly strengthened their forces on all fronts except the air. Even reports from the Russian high command in Moscow-have stopped telling about the headlong flight of the Germans, and have settled down to telling the rest of the ^prlc! about a slow and very costly war. - The Americans and British, if the British did not know of the fact before, have found out that the Germans do not always show their backs when a fight is in the offing. All in all, German land forces have settled down to a life and death strug-gle-trying to hold the land they now have control over. The, German air force, however, seems to be incapable of coping with the vast
scale of allied air attacks over the TODAY and TOMORROW,
continent.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps A
WBAA Sche^ulp Tuesday Wedneseday :. 10:30—News—News 10 :4B—Smile Time—Smile Time . 11:00—MprninB Matinee—Klorningjl^tmee 11 :i)0—^Music—fiiusic .11 :R0—Purdue News—Purdue News 11:66—News—News , 12:00—Farm Forum--Farm Forum 12 :30—Meet the Band—Meet t)^o JBand- . 12:66—NdWa—News , ' 1 :Q0—Home Makers Club Of the Ait'-Home Makers-Club of the Air 1:16—Music—Music 1:30—Adventures in Research—Parents Forum , 1:46—Markets—Markets . " '1:66—^News—^News 2:00—Story a Cay—Story d Db-y. , ; 2:16—Music—Treasury Star, Parade , 2:30—Treasure Chestr—Music ' 2:46—’ Music .. ., ■ ■ 2:56—Ne-ws—News 3:00—Afternoon Melodics—Lee and Her Piano . ... 3:16—The Voice of the Underground—Lest We Forget • 3:66—News—News . 4 :00—Tea Time Tunes—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Just Relax—rjust Relax 4:66—News—News '1 6 :00—Little Miss Muffett—Little Mias
Muffett
6 :16—Music—This la Indiana 6:30—Vesper-s—Vespers 5 :46—Music’r-Spbrts Review 6 :00^—Minute of Prayer—Minute of Prayer 6:01—The Dinner Hour—The Dinner Hour 0:56—News—^News . ■ •' 7:00—Chinese Stories—Chinese Stories. , 7:16—South American Way—Plans for
■ Peace , *
7 :30—Between the Headlines:—Music 7 :46—Music—Music 7 :65—Dramatized News—pramaUzod News 8:00—Avard Mitchell, pianist—The Book-
■ , man
8:15—The Parade of Business—-Ed Mem-
mer, piani.st
8 :30—From the Press Box—Music
8:45—'Music
9:00—Musicana—Musicana 9 :30—"The Road to Fear”—Anything But
Swing
9:55—News—News
10:06—OFF THE AIR—OFF THE AIR Farm Managers Will Meet In Jtrne In their recent annual meeting at Chicago the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers elected to hold their next meeting at the University in June, 1944. A delegation of about 20 persons from Indiana attended the recent
meeting.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and .classical)
Sheet music (latest hits)
Instruments and.;Ao$dssories
Instrument Repairing
MILIER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette Phone 7917
m room 366 haven’t been limited en- ffi Personnel Office by Wednesday,
tirely to wrapping the gifts, howThese companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for
employment: ■
C. G. Conn, Ltd., Elkhart, Ind.— Interested in E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, Dec. 22. Continental Oil Co., Ponca City, Okla.—Interested in all engineers.
'Robbed. By Army'
Oii(; of Uie .'trongust. witiic.-^.ves foi- ending renegoliai'i.m wa:- niic of ta.x iobbyist Alvoi'd’.s as'sociate.s in the U. S. (.'oiiiHiejce, Willard F. Rockwell, . chairmtui cjf tljc iioaid n)' the 'i’imken-Dotroit Axle .Company. He painted a pathetic picture to the Committee, 7 he Wai'. DepaiMiueiit, ho claimed, iiad bull- . do'ied him, tvi'.'d to puni^ii li.i:^ company. '. “Colonel Rockwell,” remarked Senator Clark of Mis.souri ai'tC'i'veard, “ivepl aJ) over the pl.ace and beat hi.s brea.sl, .c'aimitig in.' wti.s roblied.” On rnotff Se.iiaioi's he made a piaffouml imjire.s.sioji— unti' ll'ey lioai'-d the (jthio' .side of tlie story. ■ 'j'.-'e other side .i;'i\'(.>n hy L'nder Secretary of War Patier.son and Geneial JAiciu:-; (.'-lay, ArmyfDirector of Materiel. Patter-son told tlie committee that the Timk.en comjtany had averaged annuai profit,s of $2,116,000 “ during the tl)ref; years Itefore the War. But in 1942, profits-jumped to nearly $40,000,000. ’rher.efore, the .War Department .scaled them down to $4,972,000 which
and John Becker, Cincinnati telephone executive Thus, business men whose, profits are sealed down, have them sealed by their own kind—not by New Dealers. Both sides speak the same language. A profit of ten to eleven per cent is always allowed.' Nevertheless, Senator George has now led the way in emasculating the renegotiation safeguard against making unfair profits out of war.
Corset Crisis
Here is one headache suffered by the War Production Board which they are not publicizing: Will America’s
corsets stretch from now until next May?
That’s the date when the first synthetic-rubber corsets will be available. And it may be even later. Meantime, stocks of natural rubber are fast dwindling. But even when synthetic girdles do come in, there will be that other terrible question—will they stand the
wear and tear of war-working women?
This is definitely Washington’s problem. WPB’s Order L190 has just been amended to allow unlimited . amounts of synthetic rubber to be used in any one
merit service. Students in their lastsemester at the University may take these examinations and be qualified lor a position immediately upon graduation. Openings exist in the fields of welfare visiting, interviewing, personnel assistance, clerical work and for positions as institutional chief clerk, accountant,
. statistician, dietitian, recreational ^ According to the Student Health director, psychologist; bacterioloService SIX persons were discharged g-ist, chemist, public health sani-fi-om he, hospital Wednesday and tarian, secondary general teacher, Thursday, and five admitted, school .supervisor, etc. Further inDischarged the 15th were William formation may be obtained at the lesge, Aiman Mueller and Pa- Placement Service for Men, 2955, or A’ fiy ^vriting to the Personnel Divi-
sion.
pion ribbon tier and sticker dicker but also 'vvrapped some boxes to
prove it.
Health Service
Reports
Glenn, Martin Hecht and Charles Miller. Wednesday’s entrants Were de la Oliva, Sarah Hayes, Jack Newman, Louise Schultz and Joan
Placement Notes
For Women
, , \Ag A A A representative of Eli Lilly &
garment. But he mdus ry groans, because there’s WAA NeWS Co. of Indianapolis will be on cam110 synthetic rubber to be had. . Pi Phis will play South Hall for pus Tuesday, December 28, to in-
bi’iiik ot tlm most the intramural volleyball champion- terview students interested in op-
ship today at 4:30 p. m, portuilit’ies with that company. Class volley ball practices start They are particularly interested in Wednesday in pre25aration for class girls trained in chemistry, bacterigames, which will .start January 5. ology, pharmacy and business adTwo practice? are required for elig- ministration, Tf you are interested ibility to a class team. Members of you should call Placement Service the class teams earn 100 points in for Women, 2955, at once to arWAA. range an appointment.
crucial period in its history,” declares Corset Review. “It cannot take the risk of placing on the market garments' made of synthetic rubber which are not sufficiently perfected to function properly as a corset. , . . War or no war, women’s.figures have not changed, and women still have figure problems. Corsets still are
designed to redistribute the flesh.”
(Copyright, 1943, By United Feature »SyiKlicate, Inc.)
starring RANDOLPH SCOTT witb JANES BROWN NOAH BEEB7, Jr, BARBT FITEGERBLD ANDT DEVINE PDEZT INIGHT DAVID BBVGE TEONAS GONEZ RICNAID LANE tttA Rirvet% }
/v
\ K h
'^y, ‘D^c^mbier 1-943
ris
Mmi
Mb
fllcif lQKe$ Defeats
58-52
their.ffijrst defeat of the season, the,Riveters lost tcKthe highly favo^ed Great Lakes quintet at the gyhi in Chicago la^ Saturday night by a seore of 88 to 82. |p'Bpp^tWalfef^ wei'e trailing by twelve points at the half, j^p|(rihg,their ability as a second half team again, they ji|p|(^to.ti6iUP the game- Then in the closing-minutes of ^BWejackete fprged
wm theirhfth game
(»< vf iflfiiiaaj^ivater-forwards who
their first appear^
J p in eollegfate basketball fite«is<»rt.iseff(n'med fifee veterans
Great Lakes (68)
Armstrong, f. 4 Schaefer, f. 6 Coleman, c 3 Joachim, g 3 Smith, g s. 3 Lautenbach, g 4
,J||^#iSoii'*i«gedtrrt^n as they racked Curtis, g Z
wlf? ‘^i^ts whtfe the Boilermakers ^etdwg the all-star Great
tet te the limit in a great Bill Lodge ef Madi-
sfl)n/h<4<fVi®r ^rom fast year’s Boil-
yeatl’ing quintet, who
A^ME Will H<jd Christmas Party
a/Nwy-12. trainee, captured American Society of Mechanical
thW high poiht honors of the evening Engineers will hold its annual f P ^ field goals and three free Christmas party Wednesday at '1:30 ffilihWS ipf 18 cou-nters. P- room 108 of the Mechanical
other two forwards, both ci- Engineering Building. The party dMri freshmen, provided able sup- T"" f ^
«|t: f^aul Koifman of Jasper was
epPfted t^rith 13 points on five field entertainment for the party and three free throws and furnished by S. C. Benz, ftpm of Princeton picked up magician. Besides this door prizes fdSr field goals and one gratis shot sWeA to the lucky
nine, points, ^
Armstrong and Schaefer, both Infifjifia alumni, led the Bluejackets at iiund l^potrtfs respectively. These two men have managed to average together about one-half of the navy’s points In every game. BWeters (6Z1 B F Horft, f. 4 1 Lodge, f 6 I 3 Frailer,,© 2 3 friend, g. 1 O fidakfg 2 a
6 3
Kennedy, c i o ElUett,. g, 0 0 wailfey, g 0 0
ticket
holders.
The election of officers will take up the business part of the meeting; this includes the election of a new chairman. Evei’yone whom this concerns is urged to attend.
Pharmacy
. . . Association will hold a meeting Wednesday night at 7:30. in room 303 of the Pharmacy Building, The program will consist of moving pictures on Mexico. Refreshmehts
0 will be served.
0
0 Try An Exponent Classified!
STRAUSS MYS:
STORE HOURS: SATURDAY 9:30 TILL 6 MONDAY 12:15 TILL 8:45
Western Conf^IrS^lib With Green Teaihs Shapes Into Tight Rate By Jim Ackerman ' With BePatfl,' Western Michigan, Kentucky and Great Lakes defeating most of the Western Conference ^pams this year in the,early season games, the outlook for the Big Ten ik a very close and tight race for the winning quintet. Thus far, florthwestern, Illinois, Michigan and Purdue look like the teams to heat Ip the Conference. BePaul, the team which the Riveters meet during the middle of the Big Ten race, has knocked oit most of the strong teams. Indiana was humbled by the Blue Demons Saturday night by the score of 81 to 43. Most of the teams in the conference are made up of fr.eshmen and men with little college experieftce. Until after a few weeks, when these men have had more playing time, the teams are bound to I6se games to such experienced teams as Great Lakes, DePaul, Kentucky and ’^Vestern Michigan. Northwestern Is Tough ■ Notre Dame has been beaten by Western Michigan, but they have also beaten a couple of conference teams, so last Saturday night when the Wildcats knocked the Irish off by ten points it set up Northwestern qs one of the tough teams of the conference. Illinois is also going to be a rugged team. Though made up of all freshmen, the Illini have lost only to Great Lakes, who beat them by eight points. Ohio State last week defeated an Unbeaten Dennison team and has only lost to the Kentucky team, which had also beaten Indiana. Illinois plays Kentucky this week. Chicago will be out of the Big Ten race b'efore the Maroons even start, as they stilThave yet to win their first game in three years. Indiana should have an average season with her all freshman team. In the early games they have lost by a few points to DePauw and Kentucky, and by a huge margin to DePaul/ Tha Hoosiers have knocked off Wabash. Plenty Of Freshmen Minnesota, Iowa and Wisconsin have not looked too impressive in early season starts. Most of these teams are relying heavily on their frOsh talent. Minnesota has defeated te&ms from the Big Six, but the Seahawks knocked them off by 20 counters. Wisconsin has been beaten by Great Lakes and Notre Dame, but they have split with the Hilltoppers from Marquette. Iowa, which has only three men on the squad Who are over 18, has not met any tough opposition as yet. The other night they defeated Monmouth 54 to 29. Michigan is, a team of unknown
Iffeefi fJi'akes For Navy Smoker Announcement of , the coming Navy “smoker” was made yesterday by boxing instructor Jim Beers. The date as yet is uncertain, but it will be held s9on after Christmas and will clofe^ly resemble the Navy “Happy ,Hour” given last month. * To replace the wall climbing exposition of thp “Happy Hour” will be a rope climbing contest, and comedy for the evening will be provided by a novelty boxing bout, in which six to eight boxers will be placed in the ring at a time. Each will be -blindfolded, with one hand tied to their side and clasping a rattle for a method of warning, his free gloved hand will be loose to catek unsuspectingly any of hjs fellow boxers, who will be handicapped iiij a similar manner. Coach Beers promises that this bout will provide a great deal of amusiement for the spectators. The Navy V-12 orchestra will provide music and the program sponsors are trying to contract some jitterbugs for the evening. Four or five boxing bouts will be held. The boxing staff, headed by Coach Beers and the Navy’s Neil Champagne, is still in need of more material. Anyone desiring to try out the newly purchased gloves can practice any evening after 4 o’clock. The staff intends to schedule several boxing meets as soon as a boxing team can be organized. Scores Scores of Riveter opponents over the week end: Northwestern 48, Notre Dame 32. DePaul 81, Indiana 43. Wisconsin 40, Marquette 37. Minnesota 31, Iowa State 28. Western Michigan 48, Michigan 38, Iowa 54, Monmouth 29. Wabash 42, Illinois Wesleyan 38. Wrestling Schedule Jan. 8—Northwestern, here. Jan. 14—Illinois, here. Jan. 15—Wheaton College, here. Jan. 22—Indiana, here. Feb. 5—Purdue at Ohio State. Feb. 8—^DePauw, here. Feb. 12—Purdue at Northwestern Feb. 19—Conference at Northwestern.
caliber. In their first few games they won by huge margins from small army posts and colleges, but the tough Western Michigan team, which had also beaten Notre Dame and Northwestern, knocked them off last Saturday night by 10 points. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
tiiveters Scheduled To Meet Irisft Ttf(lrsdd|r l^dr FiHi Of t#iii Series
Bllc^ SWirfi Teinil Suoumbs To Gold In tnffi^Ouad Meet
g Instali Her in | g CEMTRAL HEATIIG
The Man's Store is an APPOINTEE OF THE NAVY to present Officers' Uniforms and Accessories under the NAVAL PLAN
This direct ^Togrotic'^ procedure^ Navy^M:ai»wfacturor*-»-Ret3-iler— redefte in a degree of qirality-^ a degree of value which are apparently not redlixahte under any Oflier method. . t. , • ■ .i > • , I The>Man>VSt0re's faGilitie$ iti> Fitting and Alter»tien$tean do near-nfiracles in emergencies!
Bundle her up with love and kisses in sweaters she loves to touch. Sweaters that are cozy as pockpt \yarmers these fuelscant evenings* at home. (And have Such clever ideas on su'd and skirt up their well-knit sleeves. Woof Slip-overs from $3.50 up
from $3.98 up
Prices established by the Navy—for v/nif6rirtSy etc., presented through the Naval Plan. BLUE SERVICE UNIFORMS, $40 Overcoats, $50 Raih'CO^f with removable wool lining, $37 50
Aviation work uniform, $50 Navy cap'with device, $1 1.30 Slate gray chinos, $I 5.38 Slate gray shirts and all other accessories ' Complete Selection of Insignia
L. smiiii i cit. inc. tiTe Mks
By Irwin Steinberg In a final warm-up for its fitst dual meet January 8 against DePauw the Boilermaker swimming team held an intra-squad meet last Saturday. To provide incentive for the mermen Coach Dick Papenguth divided the squad into two teams, the Black and the Gold, with the losers scheduled to treat the winners to a party after the meet. The meet started before a handful of spectators with the 300 yard medley relay. Leading from the start, the Black team easily captured the first event. The 220 yard free style,,which followed, saw Porter nipping Hansel in a close finish. Salmon Only Double Winner In another close race Salmon, Captain of the Gold team, edged out Glasser of the Black and Luck of the Gold to cop the 60 yard- free style. Salmon took top honors in the next event, the 100 yard free style ,to become the only double winner of the afternoon. He won over Parry and Gorhy to take this race. Wolverton captured the 160 yard back stroke event for the Black team, beating Cummings for top honors. In the 200 yard breast sti’oke first place went to McMullen of the Gold, with second place going to Bernard of the Black. The 440 yard free style proved ^^e comparatively close at first, bu Hansel finally won the race, beating Brogan, Lyon and Friedman, The final event of the day was the 400 yard relay, which was won easily by the Gold team. The final score of the meet was Gold 37, Black
35.
The small crowd that was present at the meet witnessed a special treat when Elroy Heidke, holder of three world records and star of the Boilermaker swimming team last year, demonstrated his talents. Heidke is now in the Navy at Peru, Ind., teaching swimming and judo to the sailors. He holds the rank of first class specialist in athletics. The Riveters’ first meet ,of the season was originally scheduled to be against Ohio State, national champions, but was canceled recently. In order to fill in the open date Dick Papenguth has arranged for another meet with DePauw’s swimmers. On January 16 the mermen will also face DePauw. Track Schedule For '44 Feb. 5—Northwestern and Chi-
cago, here. Feb. 12Wisconsin, Feb. 19Feb. 26-
For the first time in history, Notre Dame and the Riveterf wiR meet on a home and home basis, ITie first game of series will be played on the Irish court Thursday night,, while the second will be in the Fieldhouse January 3, The Notre Dame team is marked by a great deal of size and possesses much speed. This they have shown in theif prerioas starts. The Irish defeated Wis-
consin 51 to 40, but they lost to the powerful Western Michiganteam. Last Saturday night Northwestern beat the Irfsh
48 to 32.
-Purdue, Northwestern,
at Chicago.
-Purdue at Indiana.
-Purdue, Indiana, at Illi-
1—Ohio State, Indiana,
-Big Ten Meet, Chicago. -Tentative, Purdue Re--Tentative, Chicago Re-
Notice
All men interested in track report to room 107 in the Fieldhouse Wednesday afternoon, December 29, at 4. Track practice starts January SL
Statistics Indicate Riveter Net Power The keenness of the competition in Big Ten basketball is revealed by the all-time championship roll, for in only 21 out of 38 years have there been clear-cut titles. Purdue, which stands at the top of the all-time Big Ten basketball standing on a games Won and lost basis, likewise leads in the number of undisputed championships. The Boilermakers have earned six undisputed titles, all under Coach
Ward Lambert.
I The distribution of undisputed Big Ten championships from 1906
to date follows:
School Undisputed Titles Purdue 6 Wisconsin 5 Chicago 4 Illinois 3 Minnesota 2 Ohio State 2 Northwestern 1 Michigan l Indiana 0 Iowa 0 Riveter Entry Places In Intercollegiate Billiard Tournament
t
The final results of the national intercollegiate straight rail billiards tournament tabulated last week at Cornell University found the Boilei'maker entry in fifth place. The meet, the second in a series of four tournaments sponsored by the Association of College Unions and the Billiards Association of America, was conducted two weeks ago at the various universities and the results were telegraphed to Ithaca, N. Y., where Cornell, acting as center, tabulated them. The Riveter squad, consisting of Widell, Robei-ts, Culp, Gotfryd and Dover, scored 214 points, while Cornel racked up 303 to take first place. Florida was second with Indiana and Michigan in third and foufth places, respectively. Thursday Coach “Pop” Whitney’s players competed in the third tournament, which was the national intercollegiate three cushion billiards tournament. They scored a total of 91 points. Which is two higher than that of last year’s third place Boilermaker squad. The results were sent to Cornell and the final outcome won’t be known till the latter part of this week. On January 13 the intercollegiate coed pocket billiards meet will be contested. Entries for the team will close one week prior to the tournament in order to give the team time to practice. Four coeds have signed up and any others interested should see Mr. Whitney or Mr. Johnson in the Union billiards room. Buy War Bonds
Coach Ed ICrause will probably start the same team that played the Wildcats, namely, Led Klfer and Ernie Kivista at forwards j Mike Todorovieb, center; Bemie Rutledge and Jack Kelley, guards. Klier is usually the high scorer on the team. IJjhe Boilermakers will he seeking their tenth victory in thirteen starts against the Irish. Past scores in the Furdue-Notre Dame basketball sei’ies follow: 1917— Purdue 21, Notre Dame 18. 1918— Purdue 48, Notre Dame 12. 1919— Purdue 31, Notre Dame 13. 1920— Purdue 40, Notre Dame 22, 1923—Purdue 39, Notre Dame 20. 1931— Purdue 34, Notre Dame 24. 1932— Purdue 32, Notre Dame 24. 1933— Purdue 36, Notre Dame 31. 1934— Purdue 28, Notre Dame 39. 1936— Purdue 54, Notre Dame 40. 1937— Purdue 40, Notre Dame 47. 1943—Purdue 43, Notre Dame 46. IM Schedules Tuesday, Dec. 21 Court 1—7:20, Phi Kappa Psi vs. TaU Epsilon Phi, 7:35, Sigma Chi vs. Tau-Pi-Phi; 8:30, Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon; 8:45, Sigma Nu vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Court 2—7:20, Pi Kappa Phi vs. Chi-Alpha; 7:35—Lambda-Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; 8:30—Phi-PMvs. Alpha Sigma Phi; 8:45, Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Theta. Court 3—7:20, Tau-Sigma vs. Acacia; 7:35, Chauncey vs. Owen; 8:30, Rochdale vs. International House. Court 4—7:20, Luma vs. Warnock Manor; 7:36, Circle Pines vs. Rockets; 8:30, Purdue Only vs. Redmen; 8:45, Doverettes vs. Hot Shots. There will be no intramural basketball games on Thursday night, December 23. Army Basketball Schedule Court 1—6:45, E3 vs. D6; 7:00, A6 vs. A3; 7:56—E4 vs. El; 8:10, B3 vs. A7. Court 2—6:45, E8 vs. E5; 7:00', B4 vs. Bl; 7:55, F2 vs. E6; 8:10, B5 vs. B2. Court 3—6:46, D3 vs. E7; 7:00, C6 vs. B6; 7:65, C7 vs. B7; 8:10 D1 vs. Cl. Court 4—6:45, D2 vs. C3; 7:00, G1 vs. C4; 7:55, G2 vs. C5; 8:10, G6 vs. G3. Beeson To Address Ceres At fnitiathn Prof. K. E. Beeson, University extension agronomist, recently elected pi’esident of the National Crop Improvement Association, will be the ^principal speaker at an initiation program meeting of Ceres, agricultural honorary society, Tuesday at 6:30 p. m. The meeting will be held in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall and seven candidates are to be initiated. Drv George Scarseth, head of the agronomy department, will be awarded an honorary membership. ^»fll[R|j||i
Scotch Plaid SKIRTS pleated skirts in wool In a big assortment of gay plaid combinations. A gift that will pay rich dividends in constant usefulness. from $3.00 up
A GIFT FROM
BUY BONDS
FOR CHRISTMAS
m MEANS MORE
MEANS MORE ^
at at
THE BEST WAY to get all the good new books is to JOIN THE BOOK-OF-THE-MONTH CLUB
We have all the best-sellers that you hear so much about and want to read . . , plus a large section of popular fiction. Books make good Christmas gifts! UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (across from Union)
■ 7 s'”#I?®® w
}
pl/f
iMto
^Myf'Napx^
sM }tHtfT^':r ^iCiy •/} c ^ < ^5 * j ’ -' . 4 . 1-*
In t
''Pip!
V { t
j
Ihr Service'By Service Men
Tuesday^ December 21^ 1949
Underwood, Class '38 Heads Company D
\Notice
Service mV'”, have you a Christmas package'*to send home? The Activities Bu» eau will help you with shopping,\wrapping or mailing your presen'l s home. Drop in at room 356 of fhe Union or call Activities Bureau (pffice between 4
and 5 p. m.
Kentucky University To-Begin Personnel Relations Program
We The Situdenfs
the Exponent? i Miss Winona Crgig, WRH 'T would like to see more pictures
in the Exponent, and I think thel'e should be more featuie articles on subjects that are not especially aeU'
\
''Editor’s Note: This is the fifth in a series of articles on the
A0r officers of the 1545th Service Unit.
AST Patter
rCaptam M. L. Underwood, now commanding officer of Comimny “D”, is a University graduate—class of 1938—with a
B.S. degree in Agriculture.
By T/6 Morris Better
(It is the purpose of this column demic.”
to present in each issue a question Pfc. R. D. Halleck, ROTC * of interest and importance to the “There isn’t much news in the campus. Representative students Exponent about past students here will be interviewed at random and on the campus who are now in the their opinions published.) service elsewheie. I would hke to Question “What organizations know where they are, what they are
be added to the cuiriculum ^'h'ext and activities did you have at your doing and things of interest about term. , pievious college that you believe them. Their addresses could also This tiaining, with the exception would be of use and interest here be printed so that their friends here of undergraduate and graduate at the University?” could write them.” i
Entirely new professional field is being opened to University of Kentucky students when a training piogiam in industrial psychology will
TRIB TROUBLE >
Just as we weie putting the finishing touches on the first half *of this courses at the university and gradu- A. S. Bert Baker, USNR, Ohio State Miss Dorothy King, WRH
After completing six months of graduate work in agricul- semestei’s mad, academic whul, the Chicago Tiibune succeeded ira com- ate courses at Radcliffe, aie the only “We had a very good monthly “Important announcements on vatu^l economics. Captain Underwood went to work with the plicatmg no end the maze we are aheady lunning It announced with ones of the type in the countiy. Be- humoi magazine at State I would nous campus activities should be
United States Department of Aigriculture. For three years -did research work in reforestation. It was during that pe-
of the late ’30’s that the federal government was so interested in the leclamation of land alid the captain was involved with eatensive pioblems in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Veimont Upon leavih^ this position he spent a yeai as. rilanager of a commeicial faim at
Wabash
Becomes Second Lieutenant In July, 1942, Fust Lt Undeiwood—he had leceived his leseive promotion fiom second lieutenant in June, 1941—was called to active service and vient to the Centex sjchool at Fort Biagg and then to Battel y Officeis’ School at Foit Sill fbr advanced training in the Field
Aitillery
fin Noveinbei, 1942, Lt Undeiwood was transfeiied to the University as an mstiuctor in ROTC That job continued until Maich, 1943, when the AST unit was acti-
vated
fanfaie and the usual lack of authority that the AST Piogiam was to be foie such piogiams weie inaugu- like to see one similai here We put in a moie noticablb place. They liquidated, dissolved, completely done away with It was meiely a qu’iSs- lated industrial psychologists and also had a student court there foi are scattered throughout the ptoer tion of how lapidly it was to be done ^ peisonnel men had learned their trying students who disobey cam- and many of them are overloofced The effects on the ASTUdents here were interesting to observe. Psy-* jobs only thiough experience. pus lules, such as walking on the by students interested in them.’^ chologically, it was peihaps as significant as Oison Welles’ Haitian in-' The demand foi men and women _ Pvt. Dave Kessler, USMCR , vasion of a few yeais ago—but on a minoi scale It was iich loam for j;iamed in industiTal relations will Davis, U. of Iowa “I would like to see more gossip lumois and, like Jack’s beanstalk, they sprung lapidly and wildly from ifAudoubtedly be intensified after the ^ know there is no Pi columns in the Exponent.” the feiitle soil. wai when the countiy will be faced Epsilon Pi chapter here. It is a Wilbur Rule Men, who had been tailing along, unable to catch then second wind, wifA the problem 4)f rehabilitating fraternity, different from “I think a good improvement in found solace in the news which permitted them, for once, to ignore then millions to civilian pursuits. Work- *^^0®^ fraternities in that it is a co- the Exponent would be to use a jfqw plight and then books with an easy conscience Some, who had made no ers must be placed in jobs fitted to oidinator of many campus activi- more pictures I would like to see
then abilities, experience and inter- PEP chapter supervises a column following the same ppt-
pep rallies, dances, cheer leading, tern as ‘Meet the Team’ and ab-
Government agencies, commercial spoits events and similar activities quaint the students with doctors, firms ancl industrial plants are em- organized professors and instructors on )ihe ploying Increasing numbers of col- Iowa and has been adopted by campus I do not think the Expo-
attempt to conceal then dislike for then lot here, were unrestiained m their huzzas Even the most conscientious took time out to wonder about
then ultimate fate in the program
WISHFUL THINKING =
By week’s end most of the confusion had subsided and normalcy was lege graduates trained in this type other schools
restored Although quick to realize that the Tribune was Consistent only in its inaccuracy, the momentum of wishful thinking carried things beyond their normal span The Tribune, undoubtedly, had learned that the program which was at its peak, would, in the normal course of events, be diminished from here on With sang-froid, it linked that information with some of the known and conjectured dissention about the program which has existed amongst the higher-up. At least it would make a good story for the Sun to get worked up about and meanwhile it could get its Wheelerlike snipe in against the ASTP and, indirectly, against the administration. Unobtrusively enough, last Saturday marked the first anniversary of
the inception of the program.
of personnel relations
IRC \
A. S. E. C. Bashaw, USNR, “At the University of Tennes-
see the agriculture and home economics departments cooperated in sponsoring activities and entertainment of inteiest to both I believe
nent fulfills its purpose as a cam-
pus paper in this way.”
V
will heat a talk by Prof. J A
Estey, head of the department of ^hirwoVirbe^posmbirhei
history, economics and government, on “The Economics of War,” at 7 30 p m today m the- lounge of the Uni-
veisity Church
For those men who arrived at
. , „ Fowlei Hall last Wednesday at 7 30
Acting as supply officer un-
, a 111 to take the aptitude test when
T 1 .-1. i 4.1, “ ™ aprituiie rest wnen ine uiaei 01 tne ijopsKieQ btai, tnis week, goes to btev til July, the captain was then ap- .. 41, n/r 1 . . ., . , , pointed commanding officei of Co should have been at the Music once moie making good music available to us on a general scale
D and has stayed ivith that oigan-
l^l^tion until the piesent When an outfit is fiist begun one of the main difficulties has to do i^oth unit supply That, in this situation, was Captain—then Lieutenant—Underwood’s gieatest problem In the beginning there was lio TBA (table of basic allowances) for the 1545th Service Unit and thus obtaining extia issues for the men was no easy undertaking Most of the AST trainees arrived here with two sets of khaki which, while adequate for the troops, was hardly efiough for men going to school After wilting letters all ovei the countiy this supply officei finally found extia unifoims which were obtained and offered foi sale to the soldiers But to complicate matters the legulai allowance foi extra khaki came thiough and the supply department was no less than ovei■v^helmed with uniforms Teaches Also In addition to his othei duties Gapt Underwood teaches the military course entitled “Training Management”, he IS in charge of the drill sections and is responsible for the regimental formations and reviews which take place on Saturday afternoons According to D Company’s junior officer, Lt Feitick, the captain is versatile and an extiemely haid workers Anything that is started by him is finished on the double and i^lrtpleted correctly But the ultimate test of an officei is what the men think of him Last week, two men had then fatigue duty postponed because they had plans important enough for the captain not db wish to disi upt them r^Golfing and bowling are prime ekamples of the captaij«’s interests
Hall, the captain offeis Ins condolences and acceptes all the blame
Distinguished
(Continued fioni page 1) Ind , Paul Hesseit, 5 93, fieshman, engmeeiing, Fort Wayne, Stuart Hime, 5 84, engmeeiing sophomoie, LaGiange 111 , David Hodgm, 5 81, engmeeiing sophomore, Lynn, Ind , Bradford Howland, 5 90, fieshman, engmeeiing, Lafayette, Richaid Jenkins, 6 75, engmeeiing senioi, Wabash, Peter Kling, science fieshman, 6 90, Mt Caimel, 111 , Martin Mencielson, 5 94, science sophomoie, Newark, N J, Louis Miller, 5 94, science senioi, Michigan City, Mai gaiet Miner, 5 89, sophomoie, science, Kansas Citj, Robert Montague, 5 83, sophomoie, chemical engineei. Camp Atteibuiy, Law lence Nielsen, 5 75, sophomoie mechanical engmeei, Evansville, Kenneth Pientiss, 5 84, sophomoie, mechanical engmeeiing, Valpaiaiso, Louis Ravel, 5 94, sopliomoi e, mechanical engmeeiing, Gieensbuig, Carl Schleck, fieshman, engiheeimg. Oak Paik, 111 , Miiiam Schnaible, 5 88, phainiacy fieshman, Lafayette, John Snyder 5 80, fieshman, engmeeiing, Indianapolis, Eugene Usdin, 5 95, junior, mechanical engineering New York, and Douglas Wilcox, 5 81 engmeeiing sophomoie, Gillespie, 111
ODDS ’N’ ENDS
The Older of the Lopsided Star, this week, goes to A1 Stewart for
some-
thing of which we’ve been deprived since the player was removed from the Union’s music loom some months ago Resumption of Fizz Ed classes only means that you’ll have to make your aiiangenients with Doc Miller individually Last term’s popular Coed Canteens will soon be revived The ASTUtes at Ohio State swing along with a cadence count of 0 H-I 0 instead of the tiaditional hup tup tup fuh What loyalty, what devotion' Oiiis is an Army 111 which we call our generals Hap, Mac and Ike and 0111 second lieutenants “sii” Ours is also an Army where a soldier spends hall his time smoking cigarettes and the other half picking up the butts Remembei ’ In civilian life, if he picked up butts he was a bum, m the Army, he’s bucking for sergeant Has it oecuiied to you that one of the nice things about Indiana is that it has no pesky sales tax'’ “ Foi the 80 per cent who’ll be here this weekend and who possess SR cards, there’ll be “Girl Crazy” at MH on Xmas eve as well as the regular dance on Saturday night with an outside chance of the Army dance band providing the music About the best so what item we’ve seen in a long time concerns the fact that little Finland recently made another wai debt payment to the U S Her debt to the United Nations for this war can
haidlybe repaid m any honorable way
Pvt. V. E. Young, USMCR, “I think that the University has
plenty of organizations and activities, especially foi the wartime eon-
„ TT 44 n ditions existing here The meeting
The average age of U S generals cyganizations should be
IS approximately 51, the Camp Wol-
4 MONTH INTENSIVE ' Secretarial Course for COLLEGE STUDENTS and GRADUATES A thorough, intensive, secretarrai course — starting Eebruary, July,# October Registration now open
★
Regular day and evening school throughout the year. Catalog. ^
teis Longhorn leporis est, Gen Timbeilalcie
Coips, IS 33 Fourtaen others are
under 40
A SCHOOL OF BUSINESS
PKFFCRRCD BY COLLEGE MEN AND WOMEN TH£ GREGG COLLEGE President, John Robert Gregg, S»C 0.
— Director PaylM Pair MA Question “What changes oi im 8 W MIchlgM Aw, feiiplion, STM, 1M1 piovements would you like to see in
The young- ,, , „ . / . men can attend
of the All
-tt-
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Widest vaiiety among -weapons used by U S inaiines, the Marine Coips Cheiron points out, is m knives Of dubious value m combat except for hand to hand fight ing, they help make living in the jungles much simplei At a single camp a coiiespondent found among inaiiv otheis a stiletto, a converted
in sports and almost anything that Jap bayonet, built up with bits of has to do with physical exeition plastic wmdscieen fioni an enemy He ib man led and has as another plane, and a World Wai I tiench hobby his daughter of one and one- kniie, equipped with brass knuckle-
half yeais dubteis
Picture
Classified Ads
Christian Science OrjTuniration Rct,ular mcctint, <1 tlu Chu li in Scicnct Orjiranua ti n will l)( htld 11 the lower of the Union Die 21 it 30 p m SCHWANr
PIA IJoard Mtmhtrs mil Workers Mti I 1-4 it 1 1 m \\L(incsidaN Dec 22 PERILI E
to t«oan—On diamonds watches luggage typewriters Alberts Loan 0mce, 407 Columbia
Iritun Pledj,es lists must be completed lue 1 ly aftiinxn Die 21 foi pledging t niLht Plidt^is lit nd Inlon meeting to nu.ht at 1 PIUCL
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes rented repairtd and imrchased Mimeograph work done C P Ebershoff 605 Mam Ja^Lf^yette Phone 2779
Trton MemherK Mi tint, tonight Dieem 1)1 r -1 it 7 1 All 11 pi I-lint f i j ledging PRICE
i |a0st—Silvei rint, with four lurquoibC siones Leslie Canning 0( Reward l^st—Billfold eonl iinii t, hc(nsib ite Re tdrh to Karl behahi 1 403 Waldion St oi p|)on( 6280 ail poll Kiwaid
Aeromodelers lu hat hive miv d ind ill b li iibut I t m etinj, Widnisdij it / 30 ] m ORLY
} Wanted—Ridi t Diliijt Ihuisdai \e njijg Pee 23 (all Pvt Ceage Slaehorski
Clider ( hih M itau I ill niemhiis will b h 11 in lb Unii n luisdm Die at •Mr till slides I thi glidii tilen in Hight will b show 1 In juiii it Wibt (1 1 III lo ni n ml i SCIIKOf U1 R
Notices
Student Senate M orktrs C immittees j) )bI <1 n I uiU tin 1 jjir 1 in olhei Pltnlv ol work I voib i\ HI IN/I
^Chi Eta Epsilon Mmau, i uehda> Dfc Ch«E. building at 7 30 lo ni 111 Importmt Be th< u HJII
Debris Seniors and Juniors Impoitant rn t nj. will I li Id W dnisdiv Dee 22 at 1 J m m ll Dll ns )Hu NI I SI
^ASMfc All nu mbtrs and future rntmbiis aye iUMted to (bn inns luitv on WeJius day Dec 22 at 30 p in in lojm 108 of the Ml- buildmk WORMSl R
St A V D
1 m tII e will be held 1 uts it JO J in in SCA oil le - BRYAN1
^^ria Alpha Phi Mnling in luiLilav ut r, 41 ]> m 111 t|ii Ullluii (III.
ttfrla Initiation le postpomd until D.t.m
Wi-'gtt
ilclinioiis ( .luiicil I untliton mictini4 at IliiJi i I ui d tlu n ll I! ion today J utsday iJ . 1 NOKIJl INGl R
imiiONt.
ii« Giuuii Dull will Ik ii Dm 1 y U . 21 S)HA 1 llJt K
Alpha Rlidi,. mil lull. W diusid Oqtl 22 in room 2(D < f th. niiioii at I I ryTiii'.i. 1). biiit I luiiik boxiii SHI-1< WOOD
AWS Ail uiilh Cl iduatinu in fanuai> uh hi. Ill fill d lit aituitus mi li daU mute nut th AWS dill In tu.i n I and \1 idi> lii.iudi. (II W.dn.sidaj IJi. _0 21 22 JONl S
Personalize Everything Yourself! , . . and in Practically No Time. Metallique initials
gi A
10«
Each Initial
Just a few of the uses:
• for compacts • for dresser sets • for stationery • for ash trays • for -wallets • for cigarette cases
• for military brushes
• for key cases • for books • for cameras • for luggage
Just moisten the back of these stunning gold colored initials— they stick to glass, metal, wood, paper, plastic and many other surfaces Can be easily removed if you hke—and will not deface surfaces used on 4 styles.
She’s wasting Electricity... ... by putting hot foodjn her refrigerator.
• We have devoted years and years to showing you how to make profitable use of low cost electric service. Now the war makes it necessary for us to ask you to use less electricity in order to conserve manpower, fuels, transportation and material for war. There is no shortage of electricity. Public Service Company has ample capacity to meet the needs of all its customers, both war plants and civilians. But by eliminating all wasteful uses of electricity we will save coal, oil, critical materials, and manpower so urgently needed to expand other critical war production. The voluntary electric conservation program is nqt too difficult and calls for no sacrifices comparable to those made by our fighting men. You are asked only |to eliminate unnecessary uses of electricity. Below are listed seven ways to conserve electricity in your home refrigeration, without impairing its normal operation:
Here are 7 Ways to Conserve in Electric Refrigeration
1. Don't keep refrigerator temper-, alure too low. 2. Never leave refrigerator door open. 3. Let foods cool before placing in refrigerator. 4. Reset ref/igerator temperature
control to normal after quick ^ freezing. 5. Defrost regularly. 6. Keep refrigerator properly repaired. 7. Turn off refrigerator prior to departurefor^anygreat length of lime.
PUBIIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC;
Ll
t
/S' I
)