9
©he Pursue Exponent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, TUESDAY, APRIL 20, 1937
NUMBER 135
New Trustee Will Arrive Here Today Dr. Kathryn McHale, newly appointed University trustee will be on the campus today, tomorrow, and Thursday morning to familiarize herself with the University campus and customs and to acquaint herself with University personnel. She plans to have lunch at the Women’s Residence Hall today and will spend the afternoon interviewing the deans of schools and heads of departments. Women members of the faculty, and wives of trustees are giving a dinner in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 6:30 in honor of Mrs. E. C. Elliott. Dr. McHale is scheduled to give a talk. To Convene With Trustees Wednesday, Dr. McHale will convene with the trustees for the first time, after which she will speak at a dinner given by the American Association of University Professors. Mrs. R. B. Stewart has planned a breakfast in her honor for Thursday morning before she leaves the University. Although Dr. McHale’s home is in Logansport, her headquarters are in Washington, D. C. She received her Doctor’s degree at Columbia University, and is professor of education at Goucher College, Baltimore, Md. Dr. McHale is general director of the American Association of University Women and has written several books on psychology and education.
April 20, 1937 GOOD morning .... —30 — WHILE perusing the paper the other day a United Press dispatch from Rome attracted my attention. It seems that old “Stone Jaw” Mussolini has arbitrarily advanced the price of newspapers ten centimes in an endeavor to decrease their circulation. The reason, he asserts, is that the cellulose which goes into their manufacture could be better used by munition factories for making war materials . . . —30 — THERE, at last, is perfect logic and consideration for others! Use the cellulose to make high explosives—start a war—get young Italy blown to bits—and in the meantime keep newspaper prices so high that mama and papa can’t afford to read the grisly details . . . —30 — AND from a far-away corner of the Michigan State News comes this following definition: College is the four years between school and a CCC camp . . . —30 — THE Senate is in session. The members filled with glee. The reason why is simple: A thousand bucks, you see. In the ornate Senate cloakrooms, They fill their lungs with smoke. And exhale hundred dollar bills. No, Ihis is not a joke. “Old Strikes make my brain work;” “I thrive on Lucky Golds;” “This cigarette saved the country. When it stopped our vicious colds.” The Senators sell endorsements While debating legislation; Their pay-off is a thousand rocks; But does this save the nation? —30 — BEHIND the seat of a secondhand Chevrolet he bought for $160, Ray Koonz, of Bloomington, Ind., found an 1821 dime—^valued by coin collectors at $460 ... how’s that for a return on an investment? —30 — WHY newspapers are like women: 1. They’re thinner than they used to be. -2. There is a bold face type. 3. Back numbers are not in de mand. 4. They have a great deal of influence. 6. Every man should have one of his own and not borrow his neigfi bor’s.
1
Pills Laid End To End Would Reach From Union ToGym Laid end to end, the capsules issued in one year by Dr. Miller’s Student Health Service would reach from the Union Building to the Memorial Gym, with enough capsules left over to circle the Biology Building en route. In addition to the 33,605 capsules, 7,960 pills, 64,800 tablets, four gallons of nose spray, 11 gallons of various solutions, 13 pints of tinctures, 34 quarts of other liquids, 29 pounds of ointments, and 8 poimds of powders wdre issued during the first semester. 20 Years Old Inaugurated 20 years ago under the late Dr. Oliver P. Terry, the Health Service has grown by leaps and bounds until today each student has an average of four prescriptions per year filled by the school of pharmacy, according to a report released recently by Dean C. B. Jordan. Contrary to popular opinion, the various pills do not all come out of one bottle, but are compounded by senior pharmacy students working under faculty supervision. No figures are available on the number of students who visit the Student Health office and consume this medicine for the express puiv pose of missing an especially boresome lecture.
Flying Club In Ohio Air Meet Purdue Flying Club will send three planes and five men to the three-way flying meet between Purdue, Kenyon College, and Akron University at Akron, O., to be held Saturday and Sunday. The Flying Club’s Porterfield Monoplane will be piloted by O. E. McCracken and James Whitijey. Don Baldwin will pilot his Lambert Monocoupe, taking C. T. Lohr as alternate pilot. Bud Skinner will fly his Travelair biplane. The ships will take off in mass formation at noon Saturday and will arrive at Akron about 4^’clock. Races, Acrobatics The meet begins at 5 p. m. Sat^ urday and lasts through Sunday. Events include a nine-mile race over a triangular course, “bomb” dropping, spot landing with power shut off, acrobatics and “paper cutting.” This last event is a novelty in which the pilot drops a roll of toilet paper and attempts to shear it three times as it falls, All of the men will participate in the meet, which is the first of its kind in which the University club has taken part. The rules of the National Interpollegiate Flying club will be observed. The Purdue planes will return late Sunday night or early Monday morning.
ASME Members Attend Convention Twelve members of the local chapter of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, who left Saturday for a week-end in Chicago where the Great Lakes Division of A. S. M. E, held a two-day convention, were the guests of Northwestern University, which was the host for this year’s gathering. The chief purpose was to exchange ideas among the numerous chapters throughout the country. Technical papers, lasting 16 minutes, were read by some of the delegates; and prizes were awarded for the most outstanding manuscripts.
French Group Holds Final Meeting Today Members of the Fl-ench section of the Purdue Women’s Club will be entertained at a French tea this afternoon at three o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. 1 Mrs. James L. Cattell, Mrs^ Albert P, Stewart, and Mrs. Sigel A, Anderson will present a musical program. This meeting will be the last of this season for the group.
Five Student Groups Plan Peace Strike Purdue Religious Council, Roger Williams Club, Wesley Foundation, Y. W. C. A., and the Purdue Student Alliance members are cooperating in sponsoring a local demonstration and strike against war Thursday, as part of a nation-wide peace movement, A mass meeting of all interested students is planned for 10 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Rabbi Simon, rabbi for University students, will be the principal speaker at this mass meeting. His subject will be “Higher Patriotism.” Robert Buckles, chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance, and Ruth Reeder will also speak. Purposes of Strike These local demonstrations are incorporated as a part of a national drive sponsored by a United Student Peace Committee. The purposes of the peace strike are: “Demand that colleges and universities be demilitarized; to oppose the million dollar war budget; to defend civil rights and academic freedom; to keep America out of war,” The committee in charge of the local demonstration is backing the national organization in resolving that students should demonstrate their intention to work for peace by fasting on the day of the strike.
AChS To Review Scientific Papers Members of the University scientific staffs who attended the American Chemical Society spring meetings at Chapel Hill, N. C., will give brief reviews of outstandings papers presented at these meetii^gs at the monthly meeting of the University section of that society, on Thursday evening, April 22, at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. The meeting will be open to the public. Speakers will be as follows: R. E. Nelson, H. B. Hass, R. F. Newton, and Herschel Hunt, of the chemistry department; H. R. Kraybill, M, H. Thornton, E. D. Walter, and S, M. Hauge, of the agricultural chemistry department.
Alpha Xi Delta’s Attend Founders’ Day Tea To celebrate the 45th anniversary of Alpha Xi Delta, national sorority, 45 members of the active and alumnae chapters of the University attended a Founders’ Day tea Sunday afternoon at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. A program of music and a talk on “Jewels” preceded the tea.
Fake Solicitors Large Near Stockwell
Reports of 2 young men “soliciting” for scholarships, and representing themselves as being from the University have been received from Clarks Hill and Stockwell. The men appearing at homes in this county or elsewhere and purporting to be be soliciting for scholarships are merely duping those who give them money. Anyone accosted is requested to notify county sheriffs at once. “The University has no one out on such work and does not expect to have,” said President E. C. Elliott.
Summer Session Offers Teachers’ Training Courses Forty intensive unit courses, each one lasting from two to three weeks, except those in athletic coaching which continue for six weeks, will feature the 25th annual Summer Session at the University from June 17 to August 14. The intensive courses which are designed to serve the needs of groups of teachers and others unable to spend the regular eight weeks in the University, are in addition to the more than 300 courses offered in all schools of the institution, University officials are expecting another substantial gain in enrollment this summer. Varied Fields Special unit courses will cover such fields as traffic safety, which now must be taught in every Indiana high school, current economic problems, school administration, principles of leadership, psychology of personality, seed testing, farm shop, farm machinery repair, field botany, solid geometry, dramatics for schools and communities, athletic coaching for both men and women, debate coaching, farm management, air conditioning, visual education, home economics, including art problems, home administration, institutional marketing, physical education for men and also for women, and various other courses. Large Enrollment More than 1,000 were registered in last year’s summer session. Enrollment this year is expected to be between 1,200 and 1,500, judging from early inquiries.
Sigma Alpha Mu' Sigma Alpha Mu announces the election of the following officers: James Rosenberg, president; Irwin Kammerling, exchequer; Barry Schlaes, recorder; Marshall Kessie, historian; and Russell Glasser, as house manager.
Time Marches On As Tower Clock Takes 31 Hour Holiday
By L. S. Hardin “The clock on Heavilon Tower is stopped,” shouted hundreds of students between 9:40 Sunday morning and 4:28 yesterday evening. “Did you know that the clock on Heavilon Tower is stopped,” asked anxious voices at the rate of 30 phone calls in 24 minutes ? “Yes,” answered a secretary in the Service and Stores Building for the hundredth time in a tone of voice slowly losing its carefully preserved qualities of patience. Weights Loose? And the officials in the University physical plant were very much aware of the silence. They too, were wondering what had happened to the trusty bit of Howard workffianship. Had the weights broken loose, the pendulum broken, or had the clock just decided to take a much belated vacation after its 42 years of faithful service? Yesterd«iy morning, Charles Smith, a foreman in the physical unit, who has with the aid of his father before him, nursed all of the clock’s ailments, climbed the \six flights of stairs, tmlocking door after door, finally reaching the 8-foot square glass cage housing the maze of cables, spindles, and gears which
White Wm Be Speaker At Literary Banquet William Allen White, famous American author and journal^ ist, will be the guest speaker at the annual Literary Banquet to be held in the Union ballroom May 22. Anyone interested may purchase a ticket and attend the banquet, which is to begin at 6 o’clock. About 400 are expected
to attend this affair.
Winterrowd Award The banquet will be the occasion for the awarding of the Winterrowd Library awards of $65 and $35 respectively. The winners of the campus Literary Contest will also be announced at the banquet. Prizes will be given and several of the winners may be asked to read their manuscripts.
Plan Banquet For Engineers * Hugh C. Blackwell, M. E. ’02, and president of the Cincinnati Union Gas and Electric Company, will be the principal speaker for the annual all-engineering banquet to be held April 29 at 6:30 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. All members of Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Sigma, Sigma Pi Sigma, and Tau Beta Pi, engineering honoraries, will be admitted free. Tickets for other students and faculty members have been placed on sale at the Union desk and in Prof. W. A. Knapp’s office. Distinguished students are especially invited to^ttend, D. N. Wait, president of Tau Beta Pi, stated last night.
Boy Scouts Plan Treasure Hunt For Spring Spree The first annual “Spring Spree,” sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, Boy Scout honorary, will be held on Saturday afternoon at Ross Camp, beginning at 2 o’clock. All men students and faculty members are welcome at this picnic, which is planned in order to promote better relations betwen students and faculty. Present plans include a treasure hunt with several $5 and $10 bills as the awards. Five members of the mechanical engineering faculty have issued a challenge to any tug-of-war team in the University. Baseball and other games will be played and plenty of food will be available. Bus transportation will be provided for those who do not have cars. The busses will leave the Union Building at 1:30 and the treasure hunt will open the afternoon’s fun at 2 o’clock. Tickets are priced at 50 cents and may be purchased at the Union desk or from any member of Alpha Phi Omega. I
‘Wage Peace’ Says Sockman “We must wage peace as men have hitherto waged war!” So stated Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church in New York, at the final religious convocation of the year held Sunday in Eliza Fowler Hall. He spoke on “New Horizons,” emphasizing the need of a broadened conception of service to society that should follow our scientific progress. Fields Named The home, one’s work, the community, and the nation were named by Dr. Sockman as being fields especially in need of broadened hori-
zons.
Dr. Sockman was introduced by President E. C. Elliott to a large audience of both students and townpeople. The University choir of 125 voices sang two numbers under the direction of A. P. Stewart.
make up this product of the How ard Clock Company, dated 1893. Diagnosis Skilled eyes surveyed the massive yet delicate mechanism. Cables supporting the 1,260 pounds of cast iron which supply the power for the ringing of the bells were intact. So were the cables attached to the 450 pounds which, in its descent to the ground floor in the course of a week, supplies the energy for the clock’s motion. Just a second. Ah, there on top was the trouble. The cogs on the three and one-half inch escapement wheel were worn smooth. A few minutes work and wheel, spindle and all were off. Would it have to go back to Boston for repairs or could the work be done here? Yes, a Lafayette jeweler could have it done by that afternoon. Wheel Ready Three-thirty rolls around and the wheel is ready. Back up the stairs, for there is no elevator. James Linville, also experienced clock doctor, accompanies him on this trip. Now to get the\doors unlocked. The clock is on the floor below the (Continued on page 4)
Enders To Speak At Cosmo Club Banquet The University Cosmopolitan Club will hold its annual International Night with a dinner and program at 6 p. m. Thursday, April 22, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dean H. E. Enders, of the science school, will give the principal address which he will illustrate with colored movies. Other parts of the program will be given by club members. Tickets for the affair are priced at 75 cents and must be purchased be fore 8 p. m. tomorrow evening. They may be obtained from A. F. Futoohee, club president, or from V. Conciatu, prograin chairman. Faculty members, students, and the public are invited to attend.
Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Kajppa Lambda, social ft'atepnity, announces the initiation of N. H. Olsen, Indianapolis.
Pi Kappa Phi
Pi Kappa Phi fraternity announces the pledging of V. Harms, Flossmoor, III.
H. S. Students Here April 30 Plans for the first annual High School Day to be held on the campus April 30, have just been completed. The object in setting this day aside is to provide an opportunity for high school students and their parents and friends to see the University in action. A full day’s program has been carefully outlined. The annual Vocational Industrial and Industrial Arts Round-Up for junior and senior high school students interested in drawing and shop subjects will start at 9 a. m. Buildings Open The entire afternoon and evening may be spent in visiting the many University buildings thrown open for inspection. Guides will be available for visits to the airport, new gymnasixun end field house, the military department, and both men’s and women’s residence halls. This group of buildings will not be open in the evening. High school groups will be the guests of the athletic department at the Indiana-Purdue baseball game to be held on Intramural Field at 4 p. m.
SAE’s To Inspect Peoria Factory Members of the local chapter of the Society of Automotive Engineers are making a trip to Peoria, HI., Thursday to attend the S. A. E. Tractor meeting to be held in Hotel Pere Marquette. M. J. Murphy of the Murphy Diesel Company is to present a paper on “Diesel Engines For Agpricultural Purposes” in the morning session. H. C. Enders of thq Timken Roller Bearing Company will follow him with a discussion of “Fuel Injection Equipment.” Inspect Foundries In the afternoon the group will impeet the plant of the Caterpillar Manufacturing Company, visiting the foundries, machine shops, and assembly lines in the factory. Later in the afternoon a field demonstration will be held to show the equipment in operation.
Dr. LarhfHorovitz Gives Non-Technicfd Ledure Practical and artistic uses foe glass were the topics of De. IrfurkHorovitz’ lecture yesterday evening in the lecture room of the Plqrmcs Building. Exhibits ftom Dr. I#rkHorovitz' own c<fllection were on display. This non-tedmical leeture was sponsored by Sigmit Pi SigQtii» physics honorary-4ociety.
•>*14
Wi
" iSm
^" 11 'It /i'
mMMiiiiiiilii
v jj
/ j5'l.i'
.'A''
TTT's
Ut \
THE HURDtJE EXPONENT
, / ^ \ Ttiefeday; April 26, 19^7 '
tRtt $urbae exponent
fy>nnded In 1883
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafaye^, Indiana Delivered^ mail, $8^0 per year; delivered by carrier, f2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6088
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, B. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF ' ^
^ISSte 'Z-K. AV B^nitt^ri.'S BrocCA. R- P- Manion, C. U ^ler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. BaiW, J. A. Chapin, J.B. Clark
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stan back, D. B. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
Bold and Black Editor ..
J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF _ _ „^
Business Manager — y National Advertising Manager— — ^ ^ Miller Local Advertising Manager —•••• « n ftLirea Advertising Assistants —W. J. Gillilan, ^ IL Hensler, ^ C. BeCT
Circulation Manager -r ZZZZZ-r Z:^
Circulation Assistants
Issue Editor—K. C. Houston
STUDENT COMMENT
DANCE WITH Don Bestor And Orchestra
Thursday, April 15 9:00 P. M.-1:00A. M. SEYMOUR, INDIANA
All day program in connection with opening of New Reliance Factory. Inspection 1:005:00 P. M. Free program hy Georgia Wildcats and floor show entertainers. Hattiesburg, Miss., and Loogootee, Indiana, Reliance Baskethall teams to play title game at H. S. Gym at 2:30 P. M. No admission charge. Madison people are cordially invited to make up their own parties and enjoy Don Bestor’s music. Evening Admission Tickets 75c.
SPRIG PEVR ... HAY TIME... LOVE TIME ... Oh, for the life of Riley . . . Ecstasy . . . heaven . . . love in th^ air ... PROM is over ... . . . . headaches . . . hack to a co-ed ... import memories ... classes ... glasses . . . beverages . . . another week-end coming up . . .
SEEN AT PROM;
“Big Burt” SANDERS and the ticket crew grabby and crabby as ever . . . highway robbery at the checkroom . • . Allen’s camera goes haywire—so the Grande Marche does the same . . . sweet music . . . who were the guys that made cracks about that band . . . soft light and in the Sweet Shoppe . . . most of the Prom-goers at the annex—the BLAZER to you . . . . heard in a corner “Burp—by G , by J , turnips!” . . . couples asleep everywhere . . . dancing was Called off between 2:80 to 3:30— everyone took time out for a doze or something . . . the chaperones were the only persons awake . . • “who wants breakfast—I wanted a bed.” . . .
Four Rocks For Prom
To the Exponent: Approximately 700 couples paid $4.00 apiece to attend the 1988 Junior Prom last Friday night. On Thursday, the night before, this same band played as a part of an all day celebra tion held in connection with the opening of the New Reliance Factory of Seymour, Indiana. The people who attended this program paid 75 cents for the privilege of dancing to this or chestra and attending a basketball game—the Hattiesburg, Miss., and the Loogootee, Ind., Reliance basketball teams in a title game at the High School gym. If a small town factory can successfully put over a dance with the limited number of dance goers of Seymour and adjoining towns, it seems that a much larger group of University students would be able to put over a much better dance for $4.00. But this is not the case, the students of Purdue University spent about 150 dollars for decorations, 225 dollars for programs, 170 dollars for policing, and a small amount for the ballroom and other miscellaneous expenditures. The 700 Prom couples paid into the cashier’s office about 2500 dollars, which left at least 1800 dollars to spend on the orchestra. And yet the orchestra that they contracted for was the Don Bestor factory orchestra which cost the citizens of Seymour 75 cents. The purpose of this comment is not to accuse the Prom Committee or the faculty who controlled the apron strings, of deliberately neglecting to use all these funds in order to have a more successful Prom, but to find just what the hell happened to this money. Is the Junior Prom a Prom or a charity ball? —Disgusted.
AND NOW most worthy members of that great and noble lodge, Phi Gamma Delta, and one rat, WALPOLE . . . you are indeed of the very best and all sorts of that twaddle twaddle . .. but, personally I feel that even being a LILY is far better than being a HAYSEED ... it smells much better and is far less annoying . . .
WOULDN’T IT BE ODD IF: LOUISE BAIN didn’t have that giggle . . . BONNIE RABER got away from BILL WINTER long enough to attend at least two classes a week . . . HUMPHREYS (of DU dignity) had another date with “Diz” DAMMEYER. . . GEORGE CLAYPOLE would get to the Theta dance in spite of BETTY MOORE... VIRGINIA HULSE would actually get PUTZE’S Sig Pin . . . A PHI GAM had an inferiority complex . . . “JOE” FRIEND would come out in the open and admit she’s been wearing a Kappa Sig ring . . . BETTY HEGELE thawed . . . BLANCHE KERNEL and CARY VAUGHAN would develop a nonlipstick complex . . . WES DWIGHT and BILL ZILGER didn’t have carbon copy laughs BETTY OSSENBURG obtained just a little dignity ... MIM DECKER ever descended from her high horse . . .
WHAT FISH . . . are the men in MARION KIDD’S life . . . she captured an egg-sized diamond this week-end . . . now will youse guys date her? ? ? ...
Suggestions For Prom To the Fxponent: Now that Prom week-end is nothing but a glorious memory it may be pertinent to make a few comments and sugestions concerning the whole affair. Fach year, without fail, the band selection draws criticism from quite a large portion of the student body. This year was no exception, and neither was last year, or the year before. It makes no difference if the selection favored an excellent band or a rather mediocre one .... the criticism is always there. It is quite posisble that this seeming dissatisfaction detracts from a thorough enjoyment of the occasion. However, Purdue upperclassmen have always managed to have a good time at the Prom even if the band was “Loui’es Hungry Five.” It may be that the most of the criticism is inaugurated by candidates defeated in the hurly-burly Prom committee canipaign. But it is impossible for all critical comments to originate from such a limited source. In view of the situation we wish to offer the following suggestions which may help clear up the “critical trouble” next year. Prom comimttee elections should be held in the fall, early enough to enable committee members to contact several prominent bands throughout the country. It might be possible to conduct a popularity contest to rank the bands in the order of their desirability as Prom syncopators. With the results of this poll in hand committee members could talk on a sound basis to orchestra leaders and their agents, allowing the band to set the date for the affair. If this were done early enough in the school year, proper shifts could be made without entirely disrupting the University calendar. Allowihg the students to have a direct vote in the matter would give the harried committee members an answer when someone crabbed to them about the Prom band. The plan as we have offered it has one drawback. »It is quite possible that hands contracted so early in the year would “welch” on their contract, leaving the committee empty-hand-ed a few short weeks before time for the dance. Indiana tried a similar method to this and experienced some trouble. How-' ever, we believe the plan has its merits and could be worked to good advantage. We offer it for what it is worth to the powers that be concerning Prom elections.—Junior.
ANNOUNCING— SEXSON—PLAPP This pin merger took place Thurs day eve . . . and by the way PAUL did cart SUSIE TO THE PROM . . . hjs import took it on the chin . DAVIS—ECKSTEIN And this one took place during the Prom festivities . . . ain’t love just too sweetie sweet . . . KIKI versus BOB . . . who will win . . . KESSLER—GERLACH The culmination of a Alpha Chi Rho and WRH ANNEX affair . . . the girls in the Annex claim “Casanova’ is his only suitable nickname . . .
MARS PASS ANNOUNCEMENT TOMORROW . . .
Darner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894)
Confirming with rules of Indiana Supreme Coprt and American Bar Association,
322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA
Elect H. Hopkins Pharmacist Editor
rioward Hopkins, Cary Club, was elected editor of the Pharmacist, monthly publication of the pharmacy students, according to an announcement made yesterday Hopkins’ co-workers are to be: G. E. Linder, unorganized, advertising manager; A. G. Luken, also unorganized, business manager; and W. L. Weiland, of the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity, circulation manager.
Prof. Bray To Address Agriculture Staff
Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the Purdue school of chemical engineering, will address members of the University’s agricultural staff Monday noon, April 26, at their regular monthly luncheon, which will be held in the Memorial Union Building. Professor Bray will speak on the subject of “The Battle of Chemical.” The committee in charge of the April program is composed of G. E. Enfield, Ralph Roberts, Ruth Jordan, and the chairman, R. M. Caldwell.
Newman Club Elects Officers Sunday
The Newman Club, Catholic students’ organization, elected officers for the coming year at St. Mary’s School Hall Sunday morning after having attended the 9:30 mass in a group. About 125 club members were present. J. H. Ottenweller succeeded R. F. Carton as president of the club. J. R. Engleton became the men’s vicepresident, and Alice Keeley is the new women’s vice-president. Georgianna McLain is secretary and J. C. Rapalski is the new treasurer.
Wesley Foundation Elects New Officers
The Wesley Foundation announces the election of the following students to office for the following year: president, Robert Henry; vicepresident, Don Hurd; secretary, Ruth Reeder; treatsurer, Robert Ferguson; co-ed vice-president, Edna Faye Moore; publicity, John Nitshe.
Alpha Gamma Rho
Alpha Gamma Rho, social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: T. W. Graham, president; R. H. VanHoy, vice-pres-ident; A. A. Siebenthal, treasurer; M. L. Underwood, rush chairman; F. A. Smith, secretary; C. I. Sheets, social chairman; and C. E. Decker, athletic chairman.
Theta Xi
Theta Xi, social fraternity, announces the pledging of Leigh Russell, Morristown, Pa.
Grinnell College men have found it a dangerous practice to tell their co-ed friends that those who come from small families are “spoiled.” Two out of every three Grinnell girls are the “only child” in the family or one of two children in the home group.
Miss Martha E. Smith, apprentice teacher in the Purdue Nursery School, has accepted a position as assistant in the nursery school at the Technological College, Lubbock; Tex., for the summer session.
Purdue University has an old wooden pump on its campus, yet there is no well beneath it, nor has there ever been.
□
P
RINTIN G
^UDDEN
Service _ _ Offiea Slaliontfy.. Vadding Invitation*
PHONE * 5aia* Book*, Etc.. < 12 62 8 CASSEL’S dOSt-ERRV
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Tin tUnUiw faUoir ealla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Spaeial Occaaiona 3Se par paaaangar aap part af dtp •028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“You mind holdin’ up de bout a minute ? I ain’t finished training yet.”
WBAA
12 12 12 t 1
—TODAY— :00—Morning Musical, Enid Wilson. :16—Men of Vision, “Benjamin Franklin.’’ :30—Principles of Bookkeeping. :60—Purdue News Flashes. :00—“What Shall My Diet Include If I Am Underweight,’’ Virginia MacBride. :16—Luncheon Dance Time. :30—Scientific News Flashes. :46—Mrs. Eva Roberts—-Organ. :00—Dental Forum. :16—Electrical Shop—Prof. Ewing. :30—Jimmy Woodruff—Guitar. :46—Markets, weather reports. :00—Story Time. :15—Music With the Masters. :45—'Treasure Chest—Prof. P.
Lull.
:00—Jefferson High School Program. :30—Musical Review—Mrs. Ivah Gruver Price—Contralto. •46—The Apothecary—H. L. Kendall. :00—Chats with the Housewife. :16—Melody Review. :30—Twilight Musicale. :45—Radio Travel Review.
E.
ARC
today and WEDNESDAY
Myrna Loy and William Powell
^Libeled Lady’ —and—■
—also— Cartoon
FAMILY
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
Double Feature
ROBERT
TAYLOR
_PLu5- IIONEI BARRYMORE
RAY MILUNO smeuvsTMioiiiB ^THER ANSEL RESnuiO PENNY
LUMA
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
romanceofoubt^;'"v
■' ' , -'4 ,. '' 4 ■'''«,' .', , ' v y'-’ ■",- ' v- v,. ^ t taErogPtxBEXPONEaw : !-: ' :•’■ ■ ■■•
Clean Sweep In Javelin Event Clinches Close / Meet For Martinmen
DEFEAT BUTLER, 7(W1
SsssSmSf
"iiK
■Tv#/
By Bill Fifield
A strong showing in the field events gave the Boilermaker track team a 70-61 victory over Butler yesterday afternoon in the Ross-Ade Stadium. With the score tied, 61-61, the Purdue javelin throwers made a grand sweep of this event and gave the Boilermakers their last nine points.
J. F. Murphy, sophomore on
the Pprdue squad, was the outstanding man of the afternoon, taking first in the discus and j'avelin and second in the shot put. The crowd got a good laugh when Murphy, maldng his best javelin toss, gave a loud grunt as he put his last lunge into the throw. The Boilermaker distance men seem to have been marking time since the indoor meet with Butler a month ago when the score ended in a 43-43 tie. They made a much better showing then. The juniors and seniors might have had too much Prom, but what excuse can the sophomores use? It was a fine afternoon for a track meet, and about two hundred students turned out for the show. However, the dual meet with Illinois here on May 1, should provide better races. Summary ONE MILE RUN—Weiner (B) first; Bodeau (P) second; Moore (P) third. Time, 4:29.6. TWO MILE RUN—Griflin (B) first; Long (P) second; Knapp (P) third. Time 9:62.8. ONE MILE RELAY—Won by Butler (Smith, Weiner, Pruyn, Olsen). Time, 3:26.8. POLE VAULT—Stout (B) first; Hiatt (B) second; Sines (P) third.
SPARRENDAHL
Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Height, 11 feet.
Pashes
100 YARD DASH—Delong (P) first; Holmes (B) second; Wadleigh first; Olsen (B) second; Buier (B) 220 YARD DASH—Delong (P) first; Olsen (Butler) second; Guier (B) third. Time 22.4. 440 YARD DASH—Olsen (B) first; Luther (P) second; Terhune (P) third. Time, 60.5. 880 YARD DASH—Pruyn (B) first; Richardson (B) second; Bodeau (P) third. Time, 2:01.
Hurdles
120 YARD HIGH HURDLES— Holmes (B) first; Lemen (P) second; Gutting (P) third. Time, 16.4. 220 YARD LOW HURDLES— Lemen (P) first; Holmes (B) second; Hall (B) third. Time, 24.0. BROAD JUMP—Stewart (P) first; Lemen (P) second; Wadleigh (P) third. Distance 20 feet 9 and three-quarters inches.
Weights
SHOT PUT—Blackaby (B) first; Murphy (P) second; Grant -(P) third. Distance, 44 feet 6% inches. DISCUS THROW—Murphy (P) first; Merrill (B) second; Grant (P) third. Distance 116 feet 3
inches.
JAVELIN THROW—Murphy (P) first; Stewart (P) second; Curran (P) third. Distance, 173 feet 9%
inches.
HIGH JUMP—Williamson (P) first; Lemen (P) and Gerkensmeyer (B) tied for second and third Height 5 feet 11 inches.
Among suitable objects for justifiable homicide, say Northwestern co-eds, is the man who hums while dancing.
Of Abusing Your Motor Car!
The sentence is heavy— a big repair bill, unreasonable depreciation, a car worn out before its time. Save yourself from the penalty of neglected or faulty lubrication of your car. It’s so easy to avoid—^just drive in, here and let us check your car regularly. We’re experts at greasing—and at saving you unnecessary expense.
Peter Anderson Co.
525 Alabama
24-Hour Service
Phone 4048
ielder’s.... ....choice # By Bob Walpole
If that track meet with Butler was a warm-up for the Drake Relays next week-end, Purdue had better not enter unless they are going over to Des Moines just for the trip . . . that was one of the dullest meets we have seen here in the last four years . . . —^fc— We left the cinder track before the last couple of events and at that time the Bulldogs were out in front . . . apparently the Old Gold and Black colors took a late rally, for the final score was something like 70 to 61 in favor of the home cinder kickers . . . —^fc— The ball team looked more like a track squad than Coach Orval Martin’s lads . . . Dutch concentrated his squad on base running . . . . over and over again for close to two hourly he would lay the pill right down the groove, and the hitters would bash one out . . . first home game is set for Thursday, a return encounter with Wabash . . . Friday the club will initiate the 1937 conference season with an opener with Chicago University on the Midway diamond ... —fc— Bruce Witwer, another very able sophomore stooge, will endeavor to pound out Fielder’s Choice tomorrow ... by the way, we happened to see that Ohaver slipped his B and B copy in early, but he still hasn’t defended himself .. .incidentally, ask Jack why he happened to be talked out of a very choice bit of news by one of our more prominent co-eds . . . typical Beta trick. .
PE Staff Members Attend Meeting In Greencastle
Several members of the University department of physical education attended the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Physical Education Association held at DePauw University in Greencastle, Saturday. Those from the University who attended were Helen Hazelton, Hilda Schwehn, and Helen Ellis, of the women’s department; M. L. Clevett, L. W. LaBree, Homer Allen,and Elmer Burnham, of the men’s department.
It must be true. Prof. Thomas A. Langlie of Wesleyan University’s psychology department, adds his voice to the Chorus of professors who say that cramming is futile. “It inhibits the memory.”
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Roller Skates for Rent. Phone 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
«DEAC” , HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. KIBX
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Plan Full Sports Schedule For Week
This week will see some real activity in the spring sports schedule, with the baseball, track, tennis, and golf squads all slated for action. The baseball team meets Wabash here Thursday, and then travels to Chicago to tackle the Maroons as the trackmen, with a brief rest after their victory over Butler yesjkerday, will tr^I^.to the Drake Relays at the end of the week, to show their wares. Michigan will provide competition for the golfers on Saturday at Ann Arbor, and the tennis squad will travel to Terre Haute, where they will meet the Indiana State Teachers’ netmen.
16 Frosh Fencers
Remain In Tourney
At the end of the first round of the freshman fencing tournament, 16 men remain out of the total field of 44 who started the first of last week. These 16 men will meet this week in a round robin to decide who will receive numerals. The 10 highest men at the end of the tourney will be awarded their “40’s”. Silver Mask, honorary fencing fraternity, will give medals to the first three men. The 16. men still in the contest are M. Meier, J. P. Smith, L. K. Harvey, L. S. Blocker, W. Ohman, C. Jones, C. Millice, H. Williams, S. C. Fox, C. J. Lupear, A. Maierson, C. S. Bull, W. D. Glassburn, R. Glasser, J. E. Heilman, and W. Harris.
Intramural Archery Starts This Afternoon
Intramural archery practice will start this afternoon at the south end' of the Intramural Field and will continue every week day after school. H. D. Kinzer will be in charge of the practice, which will be held from 4 until 4:30 p. m. All of the necessary equipment is being furnished free of charge by the Intramural department.
INTERFRATERNITY GOLF
The following fraternities are scheduled to play golf matches today: Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Alpha Tau' Omega, Kappa Sigma, Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Tau, Delta Tau Delta, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Pi, Sigma Alpha Mu. , H. C. Boyer, intramural manager, will be at the golf course in charge of matching.'
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding apd Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
Closing Out Yz Price
De Voe Art Colors J. SPERB HDW.
822-24 Main
Qordon
the aristocrat of stockings
Sheer, fine, faultlessly styled Chiffons . . . Sturdy, wearable service weights... in the sparkling new shades for spring, from 85c to $1.50
KATHARINE MANDLER Hosiery Shop
B &W Shoe Co.
EAST SIDE SQUARE
T
Tracksters
Prepare For Drake Relays
Coach Orval Martin re concentrating on grooming three Purdue relay combinations for entry in the Drake Relays at Des Moines, la., this Friday and Saturday, April 2324. According to the present plans, the Boilermaker entries will include a medley, four-mile, and one-mile combination, along with Co-captain Bob Williamson, of Morocco, who will compete in the high jump. Bases Hopes On Medley Martin is basing his main hopes of making a strong showing on the medley combination composed of two veterans, Charles Terhune, of Indianapolis, who will lead off in the quarter-mile, and Claude Moore, of Frankfort, who will run anchor mile, along with a pair of sophomores, Alden Knapp, of LaCrosse, threequarter mile, and Arthur Bodeau, of Chicago, 111., half-miler. Just how much of a factor the Boilermakers will be in the medley is apt to hinge upon Moore’s performance in the anchor mile. Out of action all last season due to illness, Moore has been rounding into the form that made him one of the nation’s leading collegiate performers two years ago, but he is expected to materially cut down his time during the outdoor campaign-Four-Mile Relay In the four-mile relay, Moore, Bodeau, and Knapp are all expected to “double in brass” with either Donald Long, of Winamac, or Jack Goory, of Indianapolis, running the fourth leg. Purdue’s third relay combination will find Terhune and Bodeau teaming up with Bob Lemen, of Indianapolis, and Stephen Luther, of Belleville, 111.
Short Slants In
The Sports World
. ;V •Ai!
Tom Montgomery, six-foot, eight inch Stanford shot-putter, needs a size 14 track shoe, but has to content himself vrith a size 12, because it’s the largest made. All he has to do then, to be comfortable, is to cut off the toe tips ... A certain family had a monopoly on a Baltimore basketball team. Five brothers were regulars with a sixth a substitute and the manager of the club was their father There are 900 stockholders with the St. Louis Browns baseball squad which is more than the team has averaged in cash customers per game for the past few years Bing Crosby is one movie star who finds it rather easy to get on the sport pages. He is part owner of Freddie Steele's contract, stages golf tournaments, and owns a stable of race horses.
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. 2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu. 3— Theta Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 4— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Tau EpsilonJ*hi. 5— Delta Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 6— Theta Xi vs. Acacia. 7— Ward 15 vs. Ward 11-x. 8— Ward 2 vs. Ward 17-a. 9— ^Ward 11-a vs. Ward 9. 10— Ward 16 vs. Ward 4. 11— Ward 5 vs. Ward 8.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
YOUR OWH PICTURE
Would you have an unattractive beard?
Would you have long untrimmed hair?
No! You wouldn^t paint such a picture of yourself. Come into the Union Barber Shop at any time.' And 'when youYe through, see if ^ou wouldn^t make a pretty picture. Now six barbers.
L Sl
f
pownsfairs PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
. Coriiei' of CampiM—Center ef Activity
'. ' ■ V
" ■ %: 'S ■1' AWVj
>. ^ '•'.AsA
-X',IKttttr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tttesday, April 20, 1937
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADUING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. EbershofF, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Tennis Racket Restringing—$1.60 to $5 00 W. B. Allen, 472 North Salisbury street, West Lafayette; Phone 4864 Monarch Typewriter—Reasonable Metal typewriter stand. Tuxedo suit, size 40. Other tuxedos, other sizes. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Lost—Yello\i gold high school ling, beaimg initials S F H S Call Moan 5754
NOTICES Nq notices accepted after tp.ni.
Sophomore Union Worker,#^—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to me by April 24 Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office —SCHOLEE
W A A Tennis—The following games must be played by April 21 Chiistenson and DeWitt vs Moore and Wilson Reith and Alexander vs Demoret and Decker
LYLEE. FISHER Watchmaker This IS all we do, but we do it v, ell Opposite Post OflBce Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Rose and Conklin vs. Halstead and Smith, Jenkins and Mills vs. Mounce and Raebig, Merritt and Walker vs. Bidcer akd Randall. —JENKINS. Sophomore Union Workers—Petitions are available for sophomore workers in the Union now. Please fill out and return to the Memorial Union Building. —SCHOLER.
Playshop—Will the following men please report to the sub-basement of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p m April 20: Andres, Batton, DeWitt, Hams, Hawkins, Henkel, McLaughlin, Nevison, Richwine, Skebelsky, and Stasch —BRENMAN.
Co-ed Freshman Hygiene Classes—Dr. Lee will lecture on Social Hygiene April 20 at 10 and 4 o’clock and April 21 at 10 o’clock All women taking hygiene are required to attend one of these lectures Anyon wishing to talk with Dr Lee today or tomorrow should make appointments with Miss Russell —RUSSELL Scrivener Meeting—A meeting of the Scrivener Club will be held April 20 at 8 p m at 326 Chauncey avenue Bring manuscripts I ' —RADKEY
Debris Sophomores—^There will be a meeting of all Debris sophomores April 20 at 4 p m in the Debris office —VAN NATTA
M E 31—Lecture on Pulverized Fuel” will be given in E E lecture room on April 21 at 4 p m —STOEVER
Festival Day Dance Group—Will the following girls meet in the women’s gym Api 1 20 at 4 o clock Gibbs MacDermid, Whitney Foresman Gist Pendergrass, Prentice Beck Billings —CREPPS WSGA Festival Day Poster Committee— Meeting of all workers April 20 at 4 p m in the WSGA office —DRISCOLL
Eta Kappa Nu—^Formal initiation at 5 30 April 20 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building Pledges must be there at 5 15 Initiation banquet follows in recep tion room —McEACHRON
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting of all members and men receiving letters of invitation in room A of the Memorial Union Building April 21 at 7 30 p m MERRIAM Festival Day—Will the following girls leport to the Womens Gymnasium at 4 30 Apiil 20 Young Roe, DeVault, George, Herrington Barnes Helm —SMALL
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
SophomorM—All sophomores (Interested in trying out for baseball managers report to Russell Field at 4 o’clock April 20. —LUTGENS.
Purdue Playshop—Meeting of all board members and committee chairmen at 4 o’clock April 21, in the Playshop office -MILNE.
Union Workers—^My committee will meet at 4 p m. April 20, in the workshop —RIETH
Triton Club—Election of officer^ at 5 p m., April 20, in the Women’s Gymnasium —TUBBS,
W. A, A. Baseball—The following games will be played at 4 p m , April 20 Wards 1 and 4 vs WRH, Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta vs Chi Omega —TOWNSEND.
Gold Peppers—Dinner for April 20 postponed —SCUDDEE
Archery Opens For Intramural Participators By Pat Henry Again this year the Purdue archers are getting out their chest protectors and armors as they open a season of arrow flinging. One of the most dangerous sports—not for the actual participators, but for the mnbeent bystanders—is getting off to a flying start as the intramural department is putting some organization into the haphazard sport. Again this year Clevett’s office is attempting to cut down on casualties by actually giving instructions in shooting the blamed things. A range of three targets has been loped off and signs of warning set up, as the intramuial department leads a movement to localize the sport in the south end of the intramural field. All necessary equipment can be checked out of the intramural office.
A West Virginia University statistician with a “hyraulic complex” has calculated that all of the institution’s buildings use about 3,000,000 gallons of water monthly.
Do^nt Put Away Your Overcoat
Until it has been cleaned and moth-proofed by Crown. Wool garments are moth-proofed by Monite moth-proof process. No extra charge.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Time Marches On (Continued fiom page 1)
level of its actual faces, the hand movement being directed by a series of complicated rods and shafts, that split in three directions to go to the faces Once inside the glass cage, the cables to the weights must again be secured Those weights must not be released They would go all the way to the ground, and once a week IS often enough to crank them up Ready To Go A skillful twist and the wheel is back in place. What time is it? 4 28? Start the 19 foot pendulum swinging again then. How do those two nairow pieces of clock spring support that 60 pound mercury filled pendulum anyhow? They are no thicker than a piece of paper
and only three-eighths of an inch wide. Yet, they have withstood the the inconstancies of Indiana weather for 42 years and have missed very few ticks. How IS the timing of the bells? All wrong of course. They stopped at 9.45 and it is almost 4:30 now The bell striking mechanism must be run around so that the correct hammer will hit the right bell the right number of times. The bells are also on the floor above and vary in size from five feet in diameter to 2 feet Mammoth hammers, as large as six pound sledges strike
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 >/i Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
the bells at each quarter hour. Bong . . . bong ... The large bell vibrates with deafening fierceness. Four-thirty and the clock m Heavilon Tower is back in action after the longest vacation in its long life of service.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Tine St. West Lafayette
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Ffee Delivery F. JOS. MULH AUPT & SON Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
'XLome on” the bleachers roar.. VSwat’em out!’* As the big leaguers swing into action watch those Chesterfield packages pop out of the pockets. There^s big league pleasure for you,.» everything you want in a cigarette, A homer if there ever was one ... all the way ’round the circuit for mildness and better taste... with an aroma and flavor that connects every time*
Catnrfiglit 1W7, ticam » Mybus Tooacco Co.