MERRY-GO-ROUND
Rfeveals Mrs. Roosevelt's
Red Cross Blood Donation
Established 1889
• You Too. Mav Re S.O.L.
CHINA COLUMN
Tells Of Divisions
In Oriental Music
Volume 55, No. 113
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Tuesday, March 30, 1943
UnivcrsityTo Adopt War Time Commencement
Lieut Governor Speaks ASME Will Sponsor For Ag Stoff Luncheon Winner of Speech ' President Elliott Thanks Legislature Contest In Regional
For Show Of Confidence This Year tit. Gov. Charles M. Dawson spoke at the Agricultural staff luncheon held yesterday on “New Legislation Affecting Indiana Agriculture” before the assembled members. President Elliott was also on hand to express his appreciation of the confidence which the legislature had shown toward
the University.
Also present for the occasion was Senator I. Floyd Garrett, chairman of the Budget Com- ^
mittee and a University alum-
nUs.
Speaking on the various laws passed during the past year concerning agriculture, Dawson gave a list of the various it^ms of legislation and commented oji th6 manner in which they affect-
ed the agricultural program. According to approximately 125 Among them were the law licens- north central states entomologists, ing fruit and vegetable retail, and assembled at the University for the bill discontinuing the State Milk their 22nd annual meeting, “The indontrol Board. Also mentioned was sect situation in this region of the the Livestock Sanitation Board nation is well under control.” Warwhich is headed by a commission of time strategy and methods of keepwhich Dr. C. R. Donham, head of ing insect pests and their damage the veterinai-y department, is chair- at a minimum as far as vital crop man. and livestock losses are concerned Legislation affecting the Univer- were discussed at the meetings,
sity Was also mentioned. Appropria- Various Bugs
tlons affecting the Indiana Horticul- Various bugs, insects, and other ture Society, Indiana Corn Growers entomological headaches discussed
Entomologists List Mosquitoes, Lice, Military Objectives
Tonight the University Student Branch of ASME wilt hold a contest at 7 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. For the local contest, first prize will be a ten dollar merchandise cei’tificate; second prize, a copy of Machinery’s Handbook, and third prize, a copy of Roget’s “Thesaurus”. The winner will be eligible to share in the $55 cash pi’izes aw'arded at the regional held at Northwestei-n April 12 and 13. Professors L. V. Ludy, W. T. Miller, E. F. Bruhn, and a student from each of the Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering honoraries will serve as judges.
April 17,18, Graduation Dates Executives Announce Commencement Plans Approximately 350 bachelor’s degree and 40 advanced degrees will be awarded at the University’s second April commencement. Last year. Pearl Harbor and the American entry into the war necessitated the advancing of the tTaditional June graduation date, and this year’s group of seniors will follow suit with their speed-up exer(See COMMENCEMENT, page 4)
Alpha Zela Contest Army, Navy Will Give
Finalists To Speak At 7:30 This Evening
Test Friday In Music Hall
Finals in the Alpha Zeta Speech Contest will be held tonight at 7:30 in the assembly room of the Horticultural building. Three winners will be chosen from the group of six finalists who were selected one week ago. Medals will be awarded to the winners, and a cup will be presented to the organization sponsoring the winner of the first place
medal.
Contestants who will speak tonight are Gen-y Clodfelter, Jim Mc.Cormick, Hollace Sherwood, Phil Winslow, Wally Pope, and Gordon Myers. Judges have not been announced yet.
Backstage...
Sigmund Romberg Predicts Future Musical Operettas
ABBOciation ,the Northern Indiana Muck Crops Association, the Indiana Livestock Association and the
included mosquitos, chinch bugs, corn earworms and hessian flies. The mosquito problem is consid-
Indiana Poultry Association were g^g gj ^jjg g^ggt important discussed and the functions of the entomological activities in connec-
tion with the nation’s armed forces. Dr. F. C. Bishop, assistant chief of the U. S. Bureau of Entomology and Plant Quarantine, said that malaria was one of the most impoitant diseases that military medical personnel had to combat. Thus malaria carrying mosquitos in the European and African war theaters
must be controlled.
Lice infestations have been practically eliminated in this war through the use of fumigation equipment and powders. It was emphasized, however, that the lice situation was secondary only to mosquitos in certain foreign localities where our troops are now operat-
ing.
Chinch Bugs During a session on chinch bugs, it was reported that there is little likelihood of a general outbreak this season, but that there are a few “chinch bug strongholds” in northwestern Indiana, east central Illinois, southwestern Iowa, northwestern Nebraska, and east central Kansas. Sufficient material for barriers will probably be available for further control. Bugs Federal and state entomologists and plant breeders reported that considerable progress has been made toward breeding corn that is resistant to the corn earworm. All Coeds RCA cadette training program interview Wednesday and Thursday of this week. All women interested should call 2955 at once.
Various organizations enumerated. Dr. Towers To Speak At Marital Lecture Wednesday, 7:30 Dr. Lucia E. Tower of Chicago will speak at the third in the series of Marital lectures on the subject of “Happiness and Marriage,” tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. As before, passports are necessary for admittance. All girls who are not 6th, 7th or 8th term students ai'c required to have written permits signed by their head resident, housemother or some other phrsdn of authority on campus, stating their reason for wishing to
attend the lecture.
South Hall Girls Aid Morale Of Waiters South Hall has started a novel method of saying good-bye to the waiters leaving for the armed forces for the girls literally “kiss the boys goodbye.” So far no one has objected strenuously to this practice, as the waiters feel that something should be done to help keep up civilian morale. Miss Scarff, head resident, ha.s offered to run interference for any waiter who would rather not join in thp sport but all have decided to do
their own blocking.
By Lou Speck Sunday afternoon at the last I'egularly scheduled convocation of the^ current semester, Sigmund Romberg, I’enowned conductor and composer, led his orchestra in a variety of selections which afforded the audience of approximately 5,500 an opportunity to witness the remarkable versatility of his musical organization. Composed for the most part of music of his own creation, the program also contained many of the better known melodies of Tschaikowsky, Kriesler, Strauss, Lehar, and Schubert. If he had been alive and present even Wagner would have been surprised when a novelty number announced in the program as the “Gi’eatest March in the World” turned out to be his own “Wedding March” from the opera “Lohengrin.” Themes of the selections presented, ranged from the tinny blare of^ thp band in the pit of the vaudeville theatre to the vaulted strings of the classics. All From New York During intermission your inquiring reporter stole backstage to interview the magnetic conductor, Romberg, the lovely female vocalists Nash and Panvini, and the congenial male vocalist Marvey. All the aforementioned dignitaries had two things in common; namely, they were all from New York, and they all started their musical education at an early age. Moreover, they all claimed New York as their birthplace with the exception of Romberg wbo was born and reared in Hufigary, and came to America in 1909. Backstage during intermission resembled what yours truly would imagine the Italian quarter of New York City looks like on the Fourth of July. As you might expect an inquiry revealed that the majority of the musicians were Americans of Italian descent. Nevertheless,
everything seemed to be proceeding according to a well organized plan. Announcements were made and the remainder of-the time was spent in joking and wisecracking. However, above the bedlam could be heal’d the harmonizing voices of Marie Nash and Gene Marvey as they practiced a duet in a near-by dressing room. Gracious Miss l^ash Shortly after the musicians had filed back onto the stage for the second half of the program. Miss Nash made hei’ appearance backstage wearing the pale blue gown which offset her rendition of “Blue Heaven” with a touch of literal truthfulness. Extremely gracious. Miss Nash told of her wide experience with Romberg, from vaudeville on up to the position she has now. More descriptive, however, is the effective manner in which Romberg introduced her to the crowd with “I know a gOod voice when I see one.” Later in the afternoon, during a private interview with Sigmund Romberg, your reporter was presented with the amazing revelation that the famous composer had been formally educated for the civil engineering profession. “I would be happy just to ride in the engine of a train,” he remarked. Detective Deduction When asked to comment on some of his likes and dislikes, Romberg said “I consider myself an authority on detective fiction. I can usually deduct the outcome of the average detective novel in the first 100-120 pages.” Upon being questione as to why he had forsaken
Marriage Course Will meet Thursday, April 1, at 7:30 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. —WILKENING
bridge-building for musical composition Romberg stated that as an avocation music “ had always fascinated him; and that he had taken engineering at the request of his
parents.
Possessing a warm melodic gift which he uses with taste and discretion, Romberg said that his first production “Whirl of World” written for the New York Winter Garden in 1913 was an instant success. In addition, he was convinced that musicals of the “Maytime” type were here to stay, for “Maytime has made money every year since its premiere. Future Of Operetta “One of the noticeable characteristics of Romberg’s music is its international appeal. His compositions are not written in the style of any one country or people; instead, they are composed with a view toward striking an appeal to the listener regardless of his musical education or background,” so testified one of the violinists of Hungarian descent ■ in Romberg’s
orchestra.
Commenting on the immediate future of the opei’ctta in the United States, Sigmund Romberg stated that he was in the process of writing a new show entitled “Tambariza.” Based on war and life in an occupied country, “Tambariza” IS the story of a Yugoslavian girl in a Swiss finishing school who is quite adept at playing the tambariza (an instrument common to Serbia, resembling the Russian balaliaka) and consequently her friends call her “Tambariza.” All Ends Well The plot is one of intrigue which results in the girl’s soldier sweetheart becoming a quisling, while she remains loyal to Yugoslavia. Complications result when she obtains information concerning Nazi moves and gives it to her father (See ROMBERG, page 4)
Military Department Urges That ERC Men Take Exam; All Students Eligihte All students in the Enlisted Reserve Corps with the exception of those in advanced ROTC and those who expect to transfer to the Naval Reserves are eligible to take the joint ArmyNavy qualifying test to be given Friday morning from 9 to 11 in the Musical Hall, according to word received by Prof. Frank
C. Hockema.
The Office of the Regional Director for the qualifying test of - ' " civilians for admission to the
Army and Navy college training program now designated as A-12 and V-12, has ruled that men now enlisted in any branch of the service are eli-
gible to take the test.
Army and Navy officials state that it is unnecassary for advanced ROTC students and Naval Reserves to take the test as the advanced ROTC will go to Officer’s Training School and the Navy Reserves will automatically be eligible for the Naval College Training Program,
V-12.
The University Military Department urges all ERC members to take the test as it will not be given again for six months. All students (reserve and nonreserve) desiring /to take the test should fill out an application at the Personnel Office in the Executive Building by tomorrow. ,
All Coeds To Vote For Summer Term Officers Tomorrow AWS elections for summer term officers will be held tomorrow from 10:00 a. m. until 5:00 p. m. in the Great Hall of the Union. All women students are eligible to vote, and may do so by presenting their passports at the proper time and place
tomorrow.
Candidates for the offices are as follows: President, Jean Thompson and Lois Veit; Secretary, Mary Jane Doll and Nelda Byrum Reed; Treasui’er, Carol Roblee and Mary Lou Sternberg; Junior Representative, Barbara Curry and Martha McCulloch, and Sophomore Representatives (vote for two), Frances Allen, Katie Bird, Patsy Bishop and Dotty Dodderidge. Results of the elections will be announced in Thursday’s Exponent. AWS has stressed that since it is the governing organization over all coeds, those who plan to attend school this summer should be especially interested in the election of the officers who will govern
them.
Coed Exhibition Friday Evening . Next Friday night the Physical Education Department for Women will sponsor a demonstration in the Women’s gymnasium. The program will start at 7:15 p. m. and everyone is invited to attend, including men. The Triton Club will open the program with a swimming demonstration at 7:15. Following this, at 7:46, the freshman coeds will demonstrate their physical fitness Gaining with marching and first aid carries, conditioning exercises, apparatus work, tumbling and obstacle course. At 8:06, the sophomores will take over the program with tap dancing, badminton and fencing p^formances and at 8:15, the Moderm^L^nce Club will present a pi’ogram of modern dancing. Freshman Coeds Regular coed hours of 11 p. m. on Sunday through Thursday night and 12 p. m. on Friday and Saturday nights will go into effect on Thursday, April 1, for all second term women. —AWS Judicial Board.
V. C. Meredith Club, Omicron Nu To Hold Banquet Thursday Omicron Nu and Virginia C. Meredith Club will hold their annual banquet in the cafeteria of the Home Economics building Thursday evening at 6. Marian Siegler will act as toastmistress. Dean Matthews ’will present an award to the most outstanding freshman coed for the year of 1942. Omicron Nu will hold its initiation and the presentation of officers for 1943. Virginia C. Meredith "will also present its officers for 1943. The main address of the evening will be given by A. M. Bramblett. The tickets will be on sale to all members of the organization for fifty cents in the Home Economics building and the Women’s Residence Halls during the first of the week. Latzke To Address Home Ec Students This afternoon at 3:00 p. m. in the auditorium of the Home Economics building, Estha Latzke, director of food economics for Armour and Co., will lecture on “The Present Meat Situation.” All home economics students, fraternity and sorority house mothers, homemakers, meat dealers and grocers who handle meat are invited to attend the meeting.
Style Notes .
Student Opinion Says Up, But Never Down, For Coed Skirts
By Ed Stephenson “NO”, was the emphatic and almost unanimous reply of University eds and coeds to the survey question of the week. The question briginated when an article by Prof. Edna Callahan, clothing specialist at Ohio State University, was found' in Sunday’s edition of the Indianapolis Star. Pi'of. Callahan predicted that skirts in the post-war era would drop to ankle-lengths, instead of today’s abbreviated styles. Shorter Styles None of the eds thought the idea was good, or evem worth considering. In fact, such opinions as: “Let’s make them shorter, or eliminate them entirely”; “Why don’t the gifls wear shorts?” and “Nuts to that stuff”, typified the mascu-
line response to the question. Coeds Shocked The coeds, too, were shocked at the idea, and passed it off as, “Preposterous”, “Impossible”, or “Ridiculous”. Two radical feminists said that they thought the idea was a good one. One of the cynical ones who said yes, said, “After four years at this school, it’s not such a bad idea”. One lone conservative said that she though a length in between knees and ankles might be an improvement. Not Caught Dead Seventy-four iier cept of the lassies answered by saying, “I would not- be caught dead in one”. This opinion was echoed by 3314 per cent of the men who said, “I wouldn’t be caught dead Avith a girl who was
wearing one.” The largest divergence of opinion was noted when 66% per cent of the men said, “We want to see legs”. Only 23 per cent of the coeds said, “Wo'want to show logs”. This difference was significant because the coeds were pro-slacks, while the men were anti-slacks. While not the subject of the siu'vey, slacks played an important part. Coeds Still Want Slacks Almost unanimous in their condemnation of ankle-length skirts, the women were apprehensive of any attempt to remove them from their beloved slacks. Men, while bitterly antagonistic toward any attempt to hide feminine lower limbs in flowing skirts, were at least as bitter in their attitude toward
slacks. In other words, the men want their logs visible, with no strings attached. The coeds want the right to cover their legs, but they want them covered with pants, not skirts. One thoughtful coed said, “Some girls should, and some girls should not”. This opinion was anything but “sour grapes”, because, from observation, she shouldn’t. “Not This Gal” Other opinions of interest that weren’t covered in the classified answers to the survey merit special mention. One coed, when asked if she thought it might happen to women, said, “It may, but not to this gal”. In keeping with that thought was the ed who answered, “It might happen, but it had better
not happen to my girl.” New Movement Agreeing with the men who thought that shorts for everyday wear would be an improvement over ankle-length skirts was a pert young lass who said, “Personally, I’d much rather wear shorts.” The sheep-like attitude of the average fashion follower, male or female, was the logical coed who replied, “I guess I would wear the things if everyone else did, but I wouldn’t like it.” If these survey results ai’e even semi-accurate, the only thing in the way of the fad would be a lack of someone to start the style. If styles are started on the campuses of America, this campus will certainly never countenance a back-to-the-ankles-movement. .
Men Wisecrack Typical (and printable) masculine wisecracks concerning the question were rare. A few of the many witticisms thaf were offered and expurgated' include, “Seeing’s believing.” Another male, probably under the influence of too many ration cards, said, “Everything else is going up these days. I don’t see why skirts shouldn’t follow suit.” Thus, the general opinion of the University ed and coed seems to be that Ohio State’s Professor Callahan has the wrong idea. Many interviewees refused to believe that any one, even an Ohio State professor, could even think of such a radical change. There is but one grim note in the situation. ,History seems to run in cycles. So does fashion.
Skirts have been up, and far, Before. After the last war they were nearly thigh high, but in the lean years they dove for the street levels. Thus, despite today’s shdejeed, “No’s”, there may be another period of female sidewalk-sweepejg. Old Style Revival Another possibility is a revival of the old Italian and' Civil War styles, where the skirts were much lower, but the blouses were cut in the same manner—lower. This bit of research was not made imtff after the survey, so no opinions were sought as to such a possibility, but in these times, who knows what will happen? For toda^, at least, the opinion remains, ^ one ed aptly put it, “To h - - - with that noise.”^ \Hr
S
Page 2
Piirdue Exponent
Tuesday, March 30, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorar}' Editor William 0. Hoskins
\Vith ^he Colors
fiditor Bosinefis Mmaper News Editor Mana^inir Editor Senior Advertising: Manage Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executno
Dale E. Butz Gerhard H Klnuman Robert AV. Bosw inkle Sally Beall .lames G. Petty Jo.sepb S. Dawson .loan Laucr A. .lane Kcim
Publication Staff > ^ Editorial Staff Aerate Editors: F .1 Vogh. .1 T Kuhardson, T. I,. Tilton, ^W, H. Ty.son, W. L. Vermilion, M L. Smith, C. C. IVIartin’&oll, E. Mnriih\. Coed Staff: Ph.Iha Mann, M.irtha Lee Riggt, C,irolyn Wilbur, Elninc Ahrcne Sports Staff: C. Sonards, J Ackerman, D. Shrjor, R. Smith. Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Fle\on, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circalation Manager: E H. KroepHn. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts. The Purdue Independent Editor-in-Chief . Bert Squier Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Murphy Sports Editor: Smith Day Editor: Mann Issue Editor: Hahn Reporters: Forsythe, Grotnes, Speck, Gregory, Winslow, Dominik, Richardson, Yaigar, Stephenson
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1873, and at the special late of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings durin glhc year Dcln elod locally by c:iriioi for $1,7.7 foi a semester or .$3 00 for two seniLSteis, by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3 oO for two scmestirs. Represented for notional advertising by National Advertising Seivicc, Inc . College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York. N Y.
Food Shortage ? ? As more and more food products are rationed, the consuming public begins to clamor for an explanation of the food .shortages which have sprung up in this land of plenty. Most people immediately examine the production records of farmers as a means of justifying the shortages, but they are soon disappointed because agricultural production in 1942 w'as at a record high. Other people point to Lend-Lease and food exports as the reasons back of the food shortage and place the blame for the empty grocery shelves on the increasing quantities of goods which are finding their ways into the pantries of our Allies. Although large quantities of food are being exported under Lend-Lease, the total amount does not comprise a very sizeable part of our total food supply. Official reports for last year from the LendLease administrators show that merely about six per cent of our total meat supply, four per cent of our milk, and two per cent of our canned fruits and vegetables were exported under Lend-Lease. These figures are typical of other food products and definitely show that Lend-Lease operations are not particularly important as a cause of the food .shortages which now exi.st. In addition to the aforementioned reasons, the increased consumption of soldiers is also advanced, as part of the cause for the shortages. Although it may be true that most men eat more in the army than at home because of the increased physical activity, this is not an important source of increase in food consumption. Although Lend-Lease and increased demands by the armed services are important, the real causes of the food shortages are the tremendous increases in consumer pui’chasing power which have taken place during the last few years. In so-called normal times the great majority of the American people were located in the lower income levels and could not afford to make large expenditures for food. They wei*e operating on a very limited budget and were forced to make their diet on the cheaper and lower quality foods. With the advent of the war boom, the income of these families in the lower levels as well as the purchasing power of most other people began to increase. As the return.s and incomes began to increase, the people began to spend more and more for food. People who used to make their meals on bread and soup began to eat steaks instead. Although this may be an extreme example, it is characteristic of the thing which is causing the food shortage today. Therefore, when we attempt to place the blame for food rationing, we can not blame the farmer, Lend-Lease or the army, because the real trouble is that millions of American people are finally making enough to enjoy a higher standard of living than they v/eixi able to attain under a peace time economy.—d.eb. SuhiiioL ShdpM, Li. RaSph Hiiifgren EE ’41, who IS with tho Elirtionics Division of the higrial Corp.s in England, wiito.s that he had the unubual opportunity of talking with the King and Quetin when they M-ited Ins triuiiing giouji recently. En&igrs Beffy Hadd . . tluss oi .j'J, now a W At’L, w,is iccently man led to flight OHu er llaiiy 11 Jluiid, who attended the University and Butlei I’mvei Ay and was a ineniber of Delta J an Deita .jocial lialiieit^, llidine iiei ntmna^e, Ensign Dadd was E’lsign Degelc.. .Slie is a meinbei of Kapjia Kappa Gainniu. '1 he hi ide |s'su tioned at Tieusuie Island, Calif., while the groom ,s btatiemed at the Vicloryville advaiitetl thing'school in Cal it 01 ti in
qtie WASHMTOK Tm Reg U S Pat 0« Merry-(iO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Mrs. Roosevelt Gives Blood To Red Cross; Navy's Error Leads To Ship Repair Waste WASHINGTON—Scvctal weeks ago Mrs, Roosevelt phoned the Red Cross to say that she wanted to donate blood to the Washington blood bank, but wanted no publicity. Red Cross officials agreed and the visit went off without any fanfare. Mrs. Roosevelt merely took her place in line with other blood donors, rolled up her sleeve^, had a pint drawn from her arm, and went on about her business. Some weeks later, Red Cross officials were astounded to have Mrs. Roosevelt appear at the blood bank again. This time she had not telephoned, but they felt their pledge of no publicity still held good. Once again, the First Lady took her place with other blood donors, and scarcely anyone knew she had been there. Red Cross officials wished they could have publisized the incident, because they wei’e in the middle of their drive for funds. However, they did not do so, and this column learned of the facts quite by accident. • Waste In Ship Repairs A lot of waste is unavoidable in the haste of war time. However, better headwork and planning certainly should be able to eliminate some of the Navy’s ship-conversion errors which are costing the tax-payer a mint of money. , Take, for instance, the case of a twin-screw passenger ship built in Newport News in 1932. Last August when plans were being completed for the North African landing, the Navy asked the War Shipping Administration for this ship, together with five others to be converted for combat purposes. This one was to be made a “combat loader,” which required the installation of heavy hoisting equipment on the deck to hoist landing barges; also the construction of steel deck houses. The ship was put into the Brooklyn Navy Yard, and a ciew of men immediately wont to work with blow torches, dismantling the super-stiucture. After only a few days, however, the Navy decided they did not want the ship, that her stability was inadequate' for the installation of such heavy stuff on top. According!!, they asked the War Shipping Administration to take the redelivery of the ship, retroactively, meaning that the Navy wanted to cancel out their error and let the WSA take over. But 450,000 had aheady been spent by the Navy in their abortive convoision operations. War Shipping accordingly suggested that the Navjr might find some other use for the vessel in the form to which it had been leduced. But the Navy, alter studying this for a week oi two, said they had no use for the ship. ® Becomes Troop-Shap Negotiations between WSA and War Department theieupon brought ioilh an agieemcnt to convcit the ship still further and make her a troop ship. Believe it or not, it required $.).j0,00() to restore the ship <o a condition suitable lor the beginning of the Arnij’s conversion operations. On top of this came the cost of converting her to a trooi) ship, nainclj' •VIOO.OOO. These two figures, phi.-, the Navy’s conversion figure of $1.30,000, made a grand total of $1,100,000, which approximates what the ship was worth when built ten years ago. Piincipal fault seems to lie with the Navy, which could have calculated the stability of the vessel before spending any money on convcision. But after the blow torches had staited their deadly work, it was frightfully expensive business to get her into shape for anybody clsc’s use. One observer who saw the ship said: “She could not have been wiccked moie if she had been hit by a German torpedo.” WSA officials come to the defense of the Navy, however, saying: “This is part of the waste of wai.” • Pay Before Patriotism ■ \ War Production Board officials tell of a het^o' snow-and-bleet storm that blanketed Seattle and Ikft the Boeing An craft plant snowbound, unable to operate foi tw'o days. By the end of the week roads had been opened, and Boeing broadcast a back-to-work call. Men came to the gate.s of the plant, but stopped there. And they declined to go further until they could be assuicd of receiving tunc and-a-half pay for week-end w'ork, “But you haven’t put in foity hours this week,” officials retorted. The men stood their ground, however, and Boeing officials telephoned Washington for advice. They talked with Madame Perkins, who ruled that nothing should be allowed to interfere with production and that the men should be paid. • Merry-Go-Round British soldier.s are now caielul how they pick up binoculars, clothing or personal property left behind by the Nazis in North Africa. They have learned that secret mines—“booby liaps”—aie concealed in them. . . . Most despicable Nazi trick has been to hide booby traps on the bodies of dead British soldiers so that burial squads may be blown to bits. . . . U. S. Departmeftt chiefs have asked for the deferment ot very few government workers, but local diaft boards, acting on their own, have deferred a liemendous nuinbei simply because Ihcj woiked foi the government. . . . The diplomatic envoys of Honduias, Costa Rica, Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua soon will bo come ainbassadois cxtiaordnuuy in.stcad of minister plenipotentiaiy. This would give all Good Neighboi diplomats the lank of ambassador except Haiti and the Dominican Republic; ■'vould also place them ahead of Austialia, Canada and Niwv Zealand. . . . John Steinbeck, autlioi of “Grapes of Wrath” and “Tortilla Flat” is looking for a war hunt assignment. figures for accidcnt.s on the home front conlinuo to be almost as tragic as war casualties. Ned Dearborn of the National Safety Council .sajs that 93,000 -Americans were killed and 9,300,000 injured last year. .. . . Ot the 2(i British camera men who filmed Genera! Montgomer.v’s “Desert Metory,” lour were killed, seven wounded and six taken prisoner. . . . The film is imperfect and hard on the eye.:, because it was taken under battle eoiiditions. Only Ameiican jouinalist to visit the Japs’ secret naval base, 'rruk, is VvCllard Pi ice. In his book, “Paeitie Adventuie,” he scooped the woi Id on Japan’s •sui reptitious plans to dominaie the Pacific from 'J'l Lik Recommended as i equii ed leading for the State Dejiai Iment. (Copyiight, 1913, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Military Films EE Building—Room 129 Wednesday, March 10
OUR TROOPS
Convoy Snapshots Australian Campaign in New Guinea Close Combat Pfighting. ... U. S. Attacks Aleutians Army Tank Destroyers
.. Time 14 min. Time 16 min. Time 12 min. ... . Time 10 min. . .. . Time 10 min. Total Time 62 min.
Just Lookilig Around
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
The rock fiords of Norway recently have become fertile fields for sabotage and intrigue directed toward the Nazi invadm’S. Swedish reports have it that at least 600 British secret agents and a corresponding number of Norwegian soldiers have been dropped on Norway, by parachute this winter in order to organize the Norse and to disorganize the grey army from Berlin.
Already it is reported thatSOOO
Placement Notes For Women Scholarships are being offered by the Chance Vaught Aircraft Corporation to train college women as engineering assistants. The scholarship training, which is offered to outstanding women who have completed their junior or senior year in college, will begin late in June at New York University. After receiving eight months of special technical Haining at N. Y. U., the students will go on to a shop training program at Stratford, Conn. Upon the satisfactoi-y completion of the course, the trainees are eligible for positions in the engineering department of the aircraft corporation. At 4 p. m. Wednesday, April 7, Dr. Evans, a representative of Indiana University Ti’aining Course for Social Work, will speak in the Education building and will describe opportunities and training in the field of social work. All students interested are invited to attend the meeting.
Drake University, Des Moines, Iowa, (Mrs. Carrie Taylor Cubbage, Dean of AVomen) is looking for a young women interested in working for her M.A. degree and earning her full expenses doing residence hall work. The stipend is full tuition, a suite of rooms and board plus $35 per month. Applications must be sent to the dean of women by April 15. If you are interested, will you plca.so notify Placement Service for Women (2955) at once. Indiana Peisonnel Board announces that it Avishes to icceivc applications for the position of Directoi of State Personnel from all qualified applicants up to April 14, 1943. Applicants must have had at least hvo yoai s of experience in cither iniblic or private personnel admini.sLiation, The Personnel act’lixes the salaiy range of the position at the inininjnin rate, but it will consider a higher starting .salary if necessary. No official application forri ij piovided, Init applicants are largcd to submit detailed information and exhibits concerning their training and experience. Applications should be addressed to the Indiana Personnel Board, 141 South Meridian Street, Iiulianapolis. Indiana. Agiicultural .specialists are needed by the IT. S. Civil Service Commission. For the beginning job, qualifications include a minimum of five years of experience, education, or a combination of the two in some scientific or some othci professional phase of agiiculture. Fuithcr information may be obtaiiied through the Placement Service foi Women.
The U. S. Civil Service Commission announces positions for analysts in business and industry beginning at $2,000 per year. In addition two years of exiioiicnce are requiied foi the junior analyst job. Anyone qualified and interested should inquiie at the Placement Service for Women.
China By G. B. Wu (Continued from previous issue) There are many unusual instruments, some made of pade, tortoise shell ,red ivory, others from the bark of beech trees, also from leaves and from the cocoanut. It is said the Yellow Emperor, B. C. 2600, had the lyre, lute and stringed instruments of from five to fifty strings. ' Chinese Music Divided Chinse music in the Sui dynasty, 589-618, was divided into secular and sacred. In theatrical performances from earliest ages there was pantomime but organized performances were not given until about 720 A. D. A new dramatic school in 1280-1367 brought music more to the front as Chinese Opera was presented, It is said the Northern Chinese go to listen to the opera, those of the south go to see it. The opera depends almost wholly upon the make up of the actor. Every gesture, to the slightest movement of the sleeve, has a meaning* all its own. The actor sings according to his oAvn idea of interpretation and his feeling. The orchestra accom-: panics the actor in unison and as there is no standard pitch in China, the instillments arc tuned to suit the voice of the singer. The westerner may not be pleased, may not understand a Chinese performance, but Chinese music is the expression of, and proceeds from, the heart. Songs Full Of Spirit Music reflects the life and spirit of a pcojilc. The songs of the modem free China, tlieiefore, are militant and full of spirit. Thus China has found in the new mass .singing movement a source of .stiength to lesist the enemy. This mass singing of patriotic songs owes its inspiiation to Ml. Liu Liang-mo who was called to teach music everywheic in China today—at the front and tile rear, among soldiers and gueirillas, refugees and orphans, at schools and colleges, in remote villages. China IS finding her voice. There aic four types of Chinese songs: 1. Chinese Ojicra. 2. h'’olk times m ancient Chinese style. 3. Music in the Occidental manner. 4 Songs that combine Oiiental and Occidental tunes. (To be continued) Edwin Honig . . . member of the University English staff, is the author of an article on the Bortinari Murals at the Library of Congress which will appear in the Spring issue of the “Nev Mexico (Quarterly Review,” pulilished at the University of New Mexico He also has had an article entitled “The Poetry of Federico Garcia Lorca” in a previous issue of the Review
revolvers, 12,000 rifies and 320 machine guns have vanished from German arsenals. This so-called “ghost army” is just
Personnel Nbte^ Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
E. 1. duPont de Nemours & Com-
one part of the hidden battle pany, Wilmington, Delaware— which we are already waging on March 29 and 30. Interested in ChE, the coming European second front. ME, MetE, PhD Chemists, XXX ^^**’*^ I'’4ianapolis, Tnd. University alumnus, Claude Mar. 30. Interested in ME, MetE. Wickard, now Secretary of Agri- Development Laboratories, culture, may soon become head of M.I.f. March 31. Inteiested in a commission to help coordinate April ChE, Chemists, ME.
the food production programs of the allied nations. This new job would involve the resignation of Wickai-d from his present position so that he would be able to travel extensively in order to supply possibilities of increasing food output throughout the world. The projected commission, as a whole, may have as its chief objective, the lessening of the dependency of Great Britain and Russia upon the United States for their food sup-
plies.
XXX
One of the last of the “self-made” men of the laissez-faire era died
RCA Victor Div., RCA, Camden, N. J.—March 31 and April 1. In-
terested in ME, EE.
Dow Chemical Co., Bay City, Mich.—April 2. Interested in ME,
AE, EE.
Gulf Research & Development, Pittsburgh, April 5—Interested in
ChE.
Chicago and Southern Air Lines, Inc., Memphis, Tennessee—Interested in mathematicians or physicists to work as meteorologists. Sign in Personnel Office by Wed-
nesday, March 31.
Corn I’roducts Refining Companv, Argo, Illinois—Interested in
the other day in New lork. James Personnel Office
by Wednesday, March 31.
A. Farrell, former president of United States Steel Corporation, had W'orked his way from a two and a half dollar a iveek steel mill job to rank with Carnegie and Schwab in the growing industry. In 1931 Farrell created a disturbance in industrial groups when he charged that the entire steel set-up was in the throes of “the most diabolical situation in its history.” Although a member of the “princes of industry” financial group, he liad always championed the cause of the working man and fought against price and wage cutting by large companies. Farrell left no endowments to libraries but he did leave in the minds of former employees the fact that power does not make a man neccssaiily forget his begin-
nings.
Dean A. A. Potter . . . Doan of the Sciiools of Enginoenng, has iccently wntten an aiticle for a .siip]demeiitary edition of the New York .Journal of Commerce onlalcd “Amorica’.s Inventors Have Proved a Rich Natural Resource,” Dean Potter i.s the executive duector of the National Patents’ Planning Commission which is now making a study of the American system of patents and patent rights of inventions.
The Girdler Corporation, Louisville, Kentucky—Intei-ested in ME, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, March 31. The Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio—Interested in Chemists (M.S.). Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, April 7, Mrs. K. Weimar . . . found ly Katherine Mounce who graduated from the School of Science in ’39, has been awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree at Ohio State University. Mrs. Weimar finished at the University in tlueo years with highest scholastic honois and was awarded the Cold Pcppci scholarship when she completed school hero. She is a member of Pi Beta Phi sorority and was awauied the Pi Phi scholarshiji aivarcl for the hig*hest accumulative index.
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS' WED., MARCH 14 ADVANCED THURS., MARCH 15 7:30 P. M.
PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6lh and Ferry
TODAY asid TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Coeds inteiested in positions in the chemisiiy oi pliysics laboraloi ics oi the Containei Corporation at Wabash, Indiana, should call the PlacomeiiL Service for Women, 2953, by Wednesday
LyiiA TODAY - TOMORROW
Its ... but iPs ® ^hasure!
CLAUDETTE JOEL COLBERT -- McCREA I A Panmouni Picture with
lAfmsm TODAY and TOMORROW
MAKUCREEN HISrORnOfiEMft!:
The Story of the Girls the Town Pointed At! THE GAY -SISTERS — with — BARBARA STANWYCK GEORGE BRENT plus S8LENT WITNESS — with — FRANK ALBERTSON EVELYN BRENT
MAHS TODAY and TOMORROW
AIM Hiiiiicoari
a MACDONAIO W ,41! '' PATRICIA COLllNOEt>7i ' henry TRAVERS ' t ;':' .WALLACE FORD ’ *
Tfio screen's most exciting lovers in their newest romantic triumph I
Keeper of theFkiiie with Richard Margaret Forrest WHORF • WYCHERLY* TUCKER Frank Horace Percy GRAVEN • McNALLY • KILBRIDE Directed by GEORGE CUKOR Produced by Victor Savilie AftiocioteProducorLeonGordon BUV WAR BONDS AND STAMPS V' K I
t^esda^; March 30, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
Page $
MEET DICK PAPENGUTH
RIVETER SWIMMING
COACH
,
, * -
REMEMBER^ GALACADE IS C&MING APRIL 12
art With Gigantic Swim Show
Dick Papenguth, Self Taught Swimmer, Passes His Learnings On To Riveter Tank Men; Coach Likes All Sports By Jim Ackerman One of the most rabid sports enthusiasts on the Boilermaker' coaching staff is swimming mentor, Dick Papenguth. Dick not only attends all of the swimming events in the neighborhood, but he also makes a point of not missing any Riveter sport spectacle unless something that he can not budge stands in his way. Coach Papenguth is one of those fellows who made his way
in fifth place this
dp the ladder of his profession the hard way. While in high higher, finishing
school at Manistee, Mich., Dick
won letters in football, basket- the Riveter swim- , mini? histoiy came this past season ball and baseball. At that time when Roy Heidke made a new Dick did not have the oppor- world’s lecoid m the breast stroke, tunity to swim, so he spent his '^his was the first time that a Boilsummers teaching himself the art. ermaker has ever Jield a world’s
By learning- to swim without the aid of a coach, is one of the things which Coach Papenguth thinks helps him to put his points acioss to his vai-ious proteges. Michigan—Alma Mater , From high school Dick went to lyiichigan for pre-med. While at Ann Arbor, Coach Papenguth took tjie first major letter evei awaided in swimming, and at the same time, as a senior, he coached the Ann Arbor high school team to an undefeated season. After 1926 when he left Michigan, Dick took a position with the Indianapolis Athletic Club, a job he held till he came to the University in 1939. While at the Indianapoli.s A. C., Dick turned out sixteen national champions, five of whom weie
lecoid in swimming. Last Saturday Heidke took fourth in the NCAA meet at Columbus, after leading- the pack most of the way. This next Wednesday Dick is taking Heidke to the NAAU in New Yoik.
PE 12 In The Pool
Another feather in the hat of the coach IS the program that he has mapped out foi PE 12. Under this new piogiam, one to two thousand men take .swimming eveiy day in
the Fieldhouse pool.
Some of the biggest spectacles in this vicinity aie staged in the Fieldhouse pool since Dick took ovei the iciiis. These are the annual Aquacade, etc., that Dick throws every once in a while. Papenguth gets more kick out of sponsoring these shows than anything else. In his opinion, the last one, which was held last fall, w'as the best evei present-
divers. Several of the high school swimmers that Dick coached went gjj
op to universities to become leaders Another Barnum
in swimming. In tact, at one time Besides planning spoit piogiams three different proteges of Dick’s for the Univei sity, Dick takes time -vy^^jre captain of Purdue’s, Michi- quJ; hponsoi sinrilav shows all over
gpp’s and Indiana’s tank teams at
the same time, tip The Ladder
. The first year that Dick took over ! he reins of the Riveter team, the toilermakers finished eighth in the !ig Ten. Each year since then, the tiveters under the tutelage oi Papenguth have finished one notch
OiR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phone 5701
the state. In sunimci he iclaxes by running a camp in the North, so that he can still lake pait in the sports he loves and help other fellow's to improve in thou- fancies. Baseball Of^ficials The Intramural Office is badly in need of baseball oflicials for the Iraternify baseball tournament. Anyone having any experience in officiating and interested in officiating baseball, please call the Intramural office, 2875, Fieldhouse. We will pay 50c per game.
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Get Your Gun!
Faculty Bowling LEAGUE STANDING W. L. English 57 27 Agr. Extension 55 29 Animal Hiisb. 54 30 Speech • . 50 34 Physical Plant 49 35 Civil Engr. 48" 3^ Physics . 48 36 Poultry 47 37 Executive 47 37 Horticulture . 46 38 Agi'onomy 2 45 39 Elec. Engr. 44 40 Mech. Engr. 44 40 Chemistry 2 43 41 Daily . 43 41 Agr. Chem. 2 41 43 Agr. Chem. 1 41 43 Recitation 41 43 Forestry 40 44 Naval Tr. Sta. ' 40 44 Agi. Chem. 3 40 44 Agr. Engr. 39 45 Ag-r. Exp. Sta. 38 46 Radio Engr. 37 47 Agronomy 1 36 48 Chemistry 1 35 49 General Stoies 35 49 Chem Engl. 34 50 Pharmacy . 34 50 Biology 34 50 Geneial Engi. 32 52 Army 27 57 Hig Team Sets — Aiiny, 2812; klech. Engl , 2794; Agr. Exp. Sta., 2794; English, 2792. High Team Games—Speech, 990; Agr. Chem. 3, 987; English, 971; Army, 970; Chem. 1, 970. High Ind. Sets—Knoll, 619; G. Bennett, 614; Burkholdci, 682; Culp, 579. High Ind. Games—G Bennett, 242; Burkholder, 224; Spencer, 224; Knoll, 223 High Team Sets to Date—English, 2909; Agr. Extension, 2893; Chemistry 2, 2868; Poultry, 2860. High Team Games to Date—English, 1049; Animal Hush., 1048; Hoiticultuic, 1044; Physics, 1030. High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date— Wykoff, 650; E. P Miller, 642; Knoll, 631; Seaton, 623. High Weekly Ind. Games to Date —H. F. Owen, 268; W. L. Clark, 256; Fiost, 254; Beeis, 243. Fencers Seek Revenge From Culver Cadets To avenge a defeat at the hands of Culver, the Riveter fencing team will jouiney to the Academy Satuiday aftcinoon Cor thou last meet of tile season. In the fiist meet between the two schools. Culver eked out a 13-12 victoiy over the Boilerniakeis. The fencers w ho w ill make the tup are Captain Rosen Kaufman, Fled Rosen, Bob Bryant, Lairy Fleischman, Jim Mumpei and Dave Greene In the previous engagement ol Culvci, Kaufman and Rosen each won Join of thou five matches against the Academy. Fleischman w-on thiee of his five matches.
-
-Fjgjti [{Ohio) Beacon-Journal.
> Physica! Education DemonstTation Women's Gjmnasuiin Frida), Api il 9 7.-15 P. M. 7:15—Swimming Demonsti ation, Tilton Club 7:45—Freshman Physical Fitness Piogiam; Maiching and Fust Aid ('allies, MW 9 class; (Jonditionmg Exeicises, MW 10 class; Appaiatus Woik, mcmlieis of fioshmau class; Tumbling; Hoi sc, Buck, Jumii, Rope stunts; Obstacle C^ourse. 8:05—Sophomore Progiam—Tap Dancing, W F. 2 00 class; Buck, Waltz, and Sotl Shoe loutinc; Badminton, T Th to class; Fencing, W F. and T Th 2:00 classes. 8-16—Modem Dance Program, Modem Dance Club, Fundamental Rliythm Technique 8:15 — Demonstration, T i i t o n Club (Program given at 7:15 p. m. will be lepeated ) PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
► Herm Phillips For Mayor If the Lafayette town officials would suddenly decide to hold an election for mayoi of the city, Herm Phillips w'ould be put into office by a unanimous vote. . . . Anyone who was fortunate enough to be present at the first Annual Purdue Relays Saturday will readily state that he has never witnessed such a smooth lunning, thiill packed, colorful event here at the University as this one which was originated, promoted and presented by the genial Riveter coach. Only once before have w'e seen such a satisfied audience. ... Of course, that was the one which witnessed the recent Puidue-Indiana free-for-all. ► Seemingly A Bad Time To Sfart When Phillips first began thinking- about putting on a supei indoor tiack event here at the Univeisity, he was immediately faced with the pioblem of having- no money in his budget to be-used for any such meet. Also, he was confronted with ever increasing transportation problems to say nothing of the manpower shoitage which has seriously taken its toll on all the nation^s colleges and universities. The Butler and Illinois Relays plus several other major indoor tiack events had closed dov^n for the duration At the time the cards seems to be stacked against him as far as oiigmating the Purdue Relays was concerned. ► Phi! Goes To Work With tins not too pictty pictuie bcfoic him, Phil, neveitheless, began making- plans for the Relays. . . . Most people thought he was foolish to undeitako such a gigantic task, but Heim Phillips knew vhat he was doing and had taken evciy small detail into considei ation. Now, after they aie all over, no one will ever doubt the huge success of last Saturday’s Relays and the effect they have had on the continuation and betteiment of intercollegiate competition. ► Sportsmanship Everywhere We nevei realized befoie Satuiday evening that thcie was so much spoitsmaiiship exhibited at a meet of this kind. Most of the 230 athletes here had been in both the Illinois Tech and Chicago Relays the two weeks before so they knew' each other fairly w'ell. Consequently, they were pulling for each other all the time. When Moore was tiying- to get over the bar at 14 feet, several Notie Dame, Michigan Normal and Purdue players w'eic there tiying to encouiage him and maybe help him out a bit if possible. Similar instances were happening- all evening. Kegiers Finish Fifth Football Coaches Desire Week, 3 R's On Top Continuance Of Clinic
Fifteen Events Make
I
Up Galacade Program
By S. A. Watson
Coach Dick Papenguth, one of the better showmen in the swimming world, will present another one of his stupendous swimming shows, the Galacade, on April 12. This aqua spectacle will open gala week on the campus and it promises to start the activities off in rare style. The show will last for about two hours with 15 events scheduled to take place. One of the features of the show will be a battle royale between the varsity and fresh-
man swimmers. This event will be in the form of a water polo game with a pushball of three feet in diameter being used instead of the usual 10 in. ball.
Develop
PIA bow'lers finished their fifth w eek of league competition with the Thiee R’s leading the pack and the Westminstei Co-op lads close behind them in second place. The Thiee R’s, officially know'n as Team 6, lb holding- down the pole position by virtue of 13 wins and only tw'o losses. Westnimster’s tough team has W'on 11 and lost foui during the campaign and piomise to give the fiist place boys a luii for theii money bcioie the end of the tournament rolls aiound. Gene Andie, haid-w oiking oiganizoi of the PIA toui ney, announcwl that the touinament has been piogiessing 111 fine style and quite a Jew biilliant bowleis have come to the front via thou outstanding talent w'lth the bowling- sphere. The oiganization of a bow'ling classic is a real headache and Mr. Andie has handled this job with a maximum of ability All ot the bow-leis in the touiiiainont smcoiel) appiociate his efi'oits 'I'alent IVins Oier Noise Last week, the Thiee R’s w'on thiee games horn the Kneale House pm team. It was a tough sliuggle and the Kiieale boys almost W'on iii tw'o of the games, but tell shoit m the last liames Westminster, Team ], jilayed Team 8 last w'oek and lost the fiist game to a “led-hot” group ot kegleis In the second and thud games ,tlia Wcstminstei lads found the lango and toppled the pins for tw'o stiaighl victoues despite the heckling from the noisy lads that made up the lostei foi Team 8. ''I’eam standings and the schedule loi this w'eek is as follows: W L. Total Team 6 • W. 2 13,291 't'oam I 11 4 12,531 Team 7 8 4 9,754 Team 2 10 6 12,470 Team 8 9 6 12,636 Team i! 5 10 9,569 Team 9 4 11 11,870 Team 5 4 11 11,606 Team 4 3 12 12,431 Schedule Apiil 1 ^ Alley Team 1 vs. Team 2 8- 9 Team 3> vs. Team 4 10-11 Team 5 vs. Team 8 ' 12-13 Team ^ vs 'I’eam 6 1115 Team 9 vs. Team 7 7
Following a mail poll of foimer attendants which indicated an overwhelming majority in favor of continuance, Guy Mackey, Purdue athletic director, announced that the twelfth annual Football Clinic will be held on regular schedule here on Friday and Saturday, April 9-10. The decision to proceed with the Purdue Clinic, the country’s pioneer gathering of its kind, was prompted by the fact that most of the coaches in lequestmg continuance pointed out that due to the wai situation coaching schools may be out of the question this summei and that there are many new men in coaching posts who will welcome the oppoi tunity for practical help W’lth their problems in a w-ar year. Macke) And Burnham To Direct Dnector Mackey and Head Coach Elmer Biunham have already stalled planning the two-day program of addresses, demonsti ations and loiiiid table discussions on piactical phases of the giidiion game Past clinics have attiactcd aveiage attendance of between 400 and 500 high school and college coaches fiom all paits ot the middle w’cst. Leading high school <uia college mentois, assisted by Univeisity stall’ members, will conduct the daily sessions Members of the Boiloimakei varsity squad, which will 1)0 111 the midst of spiing dull, will be used as models in field demonsti ations ol vaiious phases ot the game. Sports Shorts Michigan sophomoie Bob Wicso, lootball and basketball lettei winnei fiom JamesLow'ii, N. D, is si)oiting a shinei lesulting from his being hit in the eye by a line diive in indooi baseball dulls. Wiese was pitching in batting piactico to Dick Waltei house, bnllianl fieshman piospect fiom Ann Aiboi, and loigot to duck X-iays w'ere taken and showed no bones biokon. Fiom now- on Wiese will stick to the outfield. The incident bungs Wiese’s niluiy avciages uj) lo one foi e u-h spoil this )eai.
Gridders
For Intrasquad Game On April 19 In preparation for the annual Football Clinic, which will be held here April 9-10, Coach Burnham is making plans for the annual intrasquad game to round out the spring practice. This year the game will be held Fiiday afternoon after school, so that those who desiie to see the Chicago White Sox-Indianapolis Indians baseball game Saturday aftei-
noon can.
Instruction On Flays For the past few weeks Coach Biunham has been instructing his players in 20 diffeient plays so that by April 9, his teams can put on an exhibtion for the Clinic. At the pi esent between 30 and 40 men work out eVery night on the practice
field.
Injuries Begin Eaily Thus far two of the better playeis were lost for the lest of the spiing- training due to injuiies. They aie Winkler and Close, w’ho aie out with knee and shoulder injuries, respectively. Besides injuries and the diaft, Coach Burnham has been handicapped by the lack of mateual this semester because so many o*f the fellows who are out for the piactice have 4 and 5 o’clock classes. Show Promise Some of the men who have show-n piomise in the backfield aie Burghaidt, Strain, Templeton, Warner, Berkley, Rose, Petrack, Stewart, Andietich, Schultz and Wojcieckowski. The linemen w'ho have show n up good are Smith, Laskan, Newell, Barweg-eii, McMillen, Matrew'itz, Close, Atkin, Reiser, Fenul and Millei. IM Schedules CARY HALL VOLLEYBALL Wednesday, March 31 7.00—Court 1 Unit 2 vs. Unit 5. Unit 3 vs. Unit (!. Unit 4 vs. Unit 7.
SCHEDULES FOR SIGMA DELTA PSI TESTS Wednesday, Maich 31—100 yd. Dash, Stadium; 120 yd.Low Iluidle, Stadium. Friday, Apiil 2 — High Jump, Fieldhouse; Bioad Jump, Fieldhouse. Monday, Apiil 5 —Mile'Run, Fieldhouse Wednesday,Apiil 7—Rope Climb, 2nd Flooi Men’s Gym; Shot Put, Fieldhouse Fiiday, Aiiiil 9 — Swimming, Pool.
BASEBALL Tuesdu). Alarch 30 4 15 Diamond 1 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 3 Beta Theta Pi vs Tiiangle 5 Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Tau. 7 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Theta Xi 9 Pi Kappa Phi vs 'I’heta Chi 11 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi 2 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Pi 4 Sigma Clu vs Sigma Nii. 6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Notice All intramural boxers should repoit tonight for the semi-final bouts. Finals to be Saturday afternoon. Report ready lor action at 1-15. —BEERS
The pushball is thrown in just to add to the fun. No practice sessions in this event will be held before the Galacade, so the actual game should provide a maximum of comedy. The varsity-freshman trophy, a lelic of very unique design, w’lll be at stake in the pushball struggle. In the last three seasons, the rhinies have won the trophy and expect to repeat again this time. They Fly Through The Air In addition, along the comedy lines, there will be a series of comedy diving- stunts. When the pool proteges start fooling- around on the high and low spring board, the impossible is performed before your eyes. Both the varsity and freshmen will probably w'ork out on the spring boaids. These comedy dives w'lll be used at frequent intervals so that th» show will speed on -with nevei a dull moment. Prepare Skits Coach Papenguth has announced that a tew of the campus fraternities and sororities have started their plans for the skits that they -will present at the Galacade. Papenguth hopes that more of the Greek letter people will plan some skits for the show. Dick hopes to make the event an annual affair between the various frats and sororities, but he also pointed out that this will be impossible if no more interest is shown. Five of the best stunts -wall be chosen to perform in the show. As an added incentive, prizes of ^16, ?10 and $5 will be given for first, second and third places, respectively. Heidke—The Breast Stroker On the seiious side of the show, there will be an attempt made by Roy Heidke to break the world’s record in the 150 yard breast stroke event. Speedy Heidke has already bioken two breast stroke records this season, so his try at the Galacade will be an event worth witnessing. Another of the outstanding atti actions of the show will be the appearance of the New York Women’s Swimming- Association team. The appearance of this team is assuied by the fact that the girls will be in Chicago on the pi'evious Satuiday foi the Women’s National Championships. Included on the rostcL of swimmers of the NYWSA is Gloiia Callen, and it is very likely that she w ill swim hero in the Galacade Mi&s Callen is probably the best woman back stioker in the country at the present time, being the holder of several back stroke lecoids. Glamour Girls No Doubt The Women’s Swimming j^ssopiation of New Yoik is recognized as the oldest oiganization of its kind in the nation, having been in existance for 26 years In recent yeais, the organization has been turningout on the avetage of twelve or nioie outstanding swimmers each yeai. Included iti the list of champions aie Geitiude Ederle, Helen Mean), Elinor Holm and Helen Wainwlight. The performer of the Association who is causing the biggest sensation at the present time IS the 12-yeai--old star, Florence Schmitt. Bleachers To Be Built Bleacheis will be constructed for the Galacade and the seating capacity will be around 800. 'i'he tickets will sell tor 50 cents, and theie will be no reserved seats. It will be a fiist c-ame, first selvbd deal, so get there early and prej^ajfe coin self tor one of the most enjoyable shows ot the semester.F^ge 4
Purdue Exponent
'%'■*' t j*- 4'% •'% ^ «A '"*^1 V"' r ^ ' %' Ci> iS-^n I Tuesday, March 30, 1943 ^
l>rof. Elvehjem Discusses ' Specialized Training To Interview Vitamin B Compounds To Aid In Farm Labor ERC Transfers
GRIN AND BEARiir
By
Sigma Xi Society Hears Lecture }*iof C A Ehehiem of the llni vefsitv of isconsin spoke of the poSsibilitv of coiiti oiling diseases with vitamin B compounds at the nteetmg of the Univeisitv chaptei of the SocietN of the Sigma Xi last ni^ht He said that accoiding to the latest tally theic aie at least a dozen sepaiate compounds in the vitamin B gioup seven of which aie lelativelv new Accoiding to Elvehiem these compounds weic established as vitamins thioiigh e\penmentation with animals Scientists aie fa miliai with si\ B \itaniins now f'lve of these aie thiamin iibo flaVin nicotinic acid pMuioxin pan tothenic acid While it IS sometimes easi to isolate a known e'tiact ti-oni a compound it is haid to decise e\ peiimental methods to demonstiate its biological activity Elvehjem said. Vitaipin like activities have been levealed b\ expeiinientation with seveial new substances bio tin inositol and p aminobenozoic acid Evidence is now available show mg that biotin is of impoitance to human nutiition Accoiding to El vehieni a gioup of scientists pio duced a biotin deficiencv in humans by feeding egg white which con tains an anti biotin chemical and then cuied this deficiencv In giving concentiated biotin to the peisoiis Little IS leally know ns as to the necessity of imositol m hum ins but it IS needed by manv animals P ammobenzoic acid pioduces ceitain effects in humans but the action IS indirect Sulfa diugs have added to the knowledge ot B vitamins and e\ peiimeiitation has indicated that vitamins mav help to make Sulf i drug tieatments safei Micio oiganisms in the intestinal tiact of a lat pioduces some of the B vitamins Sulla diugs check the pioduction of these vitamins theie foie pioducing a vitamin dchciencj As ceitam diseases vveie caused In stopping pioduction ol these vita mins it seems to piove that these substances aie neeessiiv loi health
America's Future Farmers Will Meet Friday, Saturday rmil aiiangements aie being made foi the fouiteenth uinual state convention of the Indiana Association of the lutuic Faimeis of Aniei ica to be held Pi iday and Satuidav Apiil2and 1 it the Uni veisitv Pi of K W Kilt/ execu five FFA seeietaiy tieasuiei ic polled that between 200 and iOO official 1 epiescntatives ot the 80 active Indiana FFA chapteis aie expected to attend With Indiana FI A Piesident William Piathei of Maitinsvillc inesidmg the initial ses'ion will get undei way on Fiiday moimng A highlight of tl^p piogiam will be a lepoit on the last national FFA convention held last Octobei at Kansas Citv Mo bv William Davis Columbus who leceived at that time the “Ameiican Faimei” degiee the highest oulei ot the
FPA
I he piincipal speakei at the Fiidav atteinoon session will be F G Chase education dcpaitncnt ot Swift and Co Chicago who will discuss V Nation’s Meat ’ The annual banquet and piogiain Fiiday night will include the pies entation of the candidates foi the Hoosiei Fai mei ’ degice and the announcing of the state wnincis in the public speaking eai of coin essav chaptei and lepoitci con tests Along with othci business the closing session will include an elec tion ol state officci s
Eighth consecutive gioup taking the specialized faim tiaining pio giams at the Univeisity, composed of 26 men was oiiented yesteiday 11101 iiing at 8 50 a m Aftei then one week tiainmg, they will be sent to faims in Cen tial and Noithcin Indiana to allevi ate the fai m laboi shoitage Foui hundied and foui men have been tiallied so tai w ith each gioup vaiy ing between 25 and 75 men The new gi oup this week is living at the YMCA in Lafayette Dean Fieeman Associate Dean m the School of Agiicultuic gave the welcome s]icech at the oiienta tion piogiam Also R C Shipman extension specialist gave a shoit talk on “Faim Safety ” and Pio fcssoi I Cl Moiiison dcpaitment ot Education and Applied Psy chologv spoke of ‘ Edueational Oppoitunities ’ Since some of the men aic mai lied Lyda I Hellion issoci ite state diicctoi Eiim Secuiity Ad mmistiation tall ed on Family Coopeiation ’ Engineer Calls For New Staff Fi om the business staff of the Puiduc 1 ngineer comes the plea foi woikeis to man the staff when its men leave Coeds cadettes ind any men who know they will be heie ioi the next tcim aie uigcd to leiioit foi woik In a Icttei fiom Dean Pottei to the 1 ngineei came the news that the facultv not onlv w intsthe ini.,a/ine to continue but w ith twelve issues a jeai
PIA Names Caudiclates
University Will Offer For Election April 8
Summer Unit Courses For Home Ec Students
Romberg
(Continued fiom nage i' who IS the Icadci ol a „uciiilli band She is captuicd ind con demned to be shot Hei soldiei lovei comes to the lescuc and escapade follows escapade until hei father is captuied and executed by the Nazis Finally the heio changes sides again and at the end of the operetta the wai is ovei and the lovers aie leuiiited Rombeig plans to pioduce Tam baiiza” this fall piovidmg he fin ishes the scoie this sunimei Othei yvise he intends to delav pi oduction until the end of the w ai He pointed out that his choice of setting foi the opeietta was based hugely on the fact that his paients yveie bulled in the pait of occupied Yugoslavia that y\as Scibii befoi e Woild Wai I Moicovci the music ol Seibia y\as yyell adapted to his tv pc of musical composition Rom beig desciibed the music of Seibia as closely lesembling that of Rus sia fust melancholy uu! then „ay and boisteious Temper Only Monienfaiv Distinctive among his many it tiibutes IS Rombcig s sense ol hunioi Musicians usually aloof ind tempeiamcntal hn I no conloimist in Rombcig Although he admitted he occasionalv lo'-t his tcmiici he added that it was only moment uy and was due mainly to the tciiil ic tiaveling conditions with which they had to contend as i tst they
could
Debris Offers Cash Prizes Honoimg the ibility of the ^uj e i salesman oi salcsyyoman who sells the most Del i is w ill i e jn i/e s < 1 foui and two elolliis J he sc will b( awaieleel to the jicisiii selling the laigest luimbci of subse i qition to this ycai s issue I ctween M lie h 22 and Apnl 1 it winch time the jn ICC list y\i)) go into (fleet Although till IS nol I ^(iici 1 ( allout, any one wishiigle c i( i i)i, contest may do se uid m winiing set himself up loi i oe | ) ) ^ ^ the Dcbi IS st iff Last ycai a loyiiig e u)) w is j^ue i flic peison selling tie ii o t i in thioughout the (iitl ( ye n J) cvci It was ge m lalh felt this y,,, that a shoitage ol met il and eash gave only one iiiswei.—th it ol a < ash pi i/(
Special yyoil m home economics yyill be offeicd to the gioup ot young yyomcn yvho usually ittend the Summci Session Phese couiscs yyill begin on May It) and continue thiough July 10 I he sc unit couiscs yyill extend ovci pciiods of ty\o oi thice yyeel s each It IS possible to can one se mestci lioui of giaduato cicclit foi ench yyeck a student icmiins it the Univeisity Thiec scmestei houis of .,1 icluate Cl edit can be earned duinip, one thieeyyccks jici lod so that It IS possible to cun nine semestei houis of cicdit in one bummci Pioblems in yyiitmc cookciy yvaitimc caic oi childicn cduca tion nutiition and school lunch loom m inagemcnt lie i feyy ot the coin SOS hem., olfcicd this summei Since manv loimci tcichcis iie being uiged to ictuin to piofcs sion il yyoil sonic ol the unit couises aic of the ictiesliei ty jic ind aic being offend foi those yyho have been out ol the held foi a feyv yeais and need to he In ought up to date on ncyv mitcnals and jno ced n cs Elliott, Sapp Explain Manpower Problems To School Principals Picsidcitl ( l.lliott and Ai thill 11 Sapi) ol Huiitiiuton foimci pic dent (t 1 ot II y Intel n ition il pole bcloie i ..loup oi ibout 25 linh -.chool iiimcipils it the Satui ly nmn issioii ol then eonfci
cnee
S q))) ui„cd 111 it the qu ility of le idcishi)) be one ot the chief <iims ol the tc eeliei He also cmiih isi/cel the ncicssity ol the tcaehci s alnl Uy to imp lit t'l it inniciplc to the til lit I xplains 1 duealional Dilhcullics D I llii It yy ho li IS been SCI y in„ i chid j1 the ]ii olcssion il inel tecliiie il ti 111 iiu elivision ol the V II M 11 I yy e 1 ( oinmissioii his eu 1 lie (It l' e ( ini|)U'' len i te yy d ly lie e\|)l lined semic eit llic d ffieuitie s th it e eluc ition 1 leeei to* I I n the 1 u npil in in|ii yyci emci „i n y Il ell iige 1 1 tlic t mleience wlncli e te de I 11 Ol 1 1 1 I ly tinougli Sun I i\ while Di (icoige Dayis iiid Di P ( I lyy on ol the Dn ision ol I luialion iiid tiijilied Psychology II w i 11 1 the SCI ics which Is be ni„ 1 del ilui n ^ he yen to (|i III the eiiiient jiobicm niyolved tl I eh 11 gi s of cm i le uluin y\ ith tie e I e ol oflie 1 iK lolin P Billies I ''I taiil supc 1 intendent ed 11 ool at ( osse I ( im Mie h w is the lis e I Ol II dll
PI V will hold then election ot olFictis on Apiil 8 fiom 8 a m until 5 0 p m in tiont of the dooi of the South Ballroom and all those yyho picsent then menibei ship cuds inel jiissjioits yyill be eli.,iblp to vote the lolloyying cindidates haye been appioved is nominees Presi ilent Eugene Andre and Lloyd Myers; vice president Jim Perille and Robert Armstrong; coed exe cutive Margaret Young and Ruth Ford; secretary Athleen Bandelier and Henrietta Davis; treasurer Bill Tyson and Norman Merrick. Soil Society To Meet April 2 In Union Mcmbeis ot the Soil Consciva tion Society and the yyoikeis at the Purdue Agricultural Experiment Station yy ill holil i meeting yvith the Extension Division at 9 i m Api il 2 in Room 2b of the Pin due Mcmoiial Union the pin pose of the mcetin^ is to jnesent technical pioblems yyhich aic 1 iced by the Scivice inel to ]noyide an oppoitunity foi the beiviec yyoikeis to be bi ought up to date on ncyv developments in the icscaieh data Skull And Crescent sophomoie honoi uy his an loiinecd the initi ition ot the folloyy mg men it i binqiiet hell list 1 hinsel IV evening John Stcinbich Acicii J lek Domiinl Alphi C In Rho Jim Me (oimicl \lphi t,amm i Rho Bill Nuigin \lphi l\ qip i 1 inibel i Bob Miiyyooel Alpha Sigma Phi ( hulls Hiu Aljihi 1 III Omeg i D di S uici m in Beta Sigmi Psi ( huck (.illcspie Lcti I hot i Pi Wuicn I aslcy Delta Chi Don Lnleeel Dclti 1 lu Delta Hugh Klein Delt i Upsilon John Bichle Kapp i Dclti Kho Waiicn Jacl min KipiiiSigini Geoige liylen Phi G imma Dclti Willy Simons Phi K ipp i lull Jant/ J’hi Kappa Si.,ma Also iintiiteel yyiic Hoyvaid Johin^ Phi K ipp i lau Robcit Du J’ui i Pin Si,,ni i Kaifl) i Jtichuil Aoung Pi K ipp i Alphi Don Syv i„ei Pi K ipp i Phi Robin P idol I Sigmi Alpha Ain (jcne I iiielqui t Sigmi Nu Roll inel Bui III Sigmi Phi 1 iisilon ( alvm (Yiyncs lau I p^ilon Phi 1 meiy AAegh 1 III Kajipa 1 psiloii P ml Hahn Iheti (In Steiling Kevsei Jheta J lu (icoigc Helff 1 leh Ihcta \i Don 1 each 1 11 ingle All Studenfs Sluelenls Ining iii pm ale homes will not be held lespoiisiblt by the I myiisity foi (he pay mint ol ^oom iint beyond (he inel ol (he seinestii \piil 20 unless (hey expect (o iimain in (he same house (oi (lu sum mil
II I Ml
Navy and Marine recruiting boaid IS now on the campus and will le main heie until Thuisday night to handle the tiansfei of all students signed up foi the tlRC, with Navy piefeienee Membeis of the boaicl aie Lt W D Scroggan U S N R Lt W B Patterson, M C , U S N R , Capt P W Reed Mai me Coips, and five enlisted men The leciintin,, boaid aiiiyed -yesteiday moining and set up then headquaiteis in the Executive Building Go In V 7, Maune Coips The boaid yyill take caie of stu dents signed up ioi ERC yvith Navy piefeienee Dischaiges foi this „ioup yvcic lecoived by the Mill taiy Dcpaitment last week and all students who aic accepted will go into the V 1, V 7, oi Mamie Coips and yvil| immediately leccive then dischai^c fiom the ERC Those le jeeted yyill bo ictamcd bv the ERG The icciintin„ boaid yvill be in session up until Thuisday night Thuisday yvill conclude the tiansfci of Lilly Clsity students into the V 1, V 7 and Maune Coips By tians felling into one of these gioups, a student yvill automatically be in the V 12 yvhen called to actne duty They also yvill not be loquned to take the test foi entiaiice into the V 12 Fifteen ERG students yveie swoin m yesteiday Grain Judging Contest To Open Saturday In Agriculture Hall Second Annual Coin and Small Giain JucUnig Contest sponsoiecl oy Ccics will be held this yeai at 1 p m Satin day Ajiiil > in the ciops liboiitoi\ of Agucultiual Hall Students tiom all schools iie eli .,ible to entei ciops m the contest and contestants may obtain entiy blanks fiom Ptof I E Robbins o| the A„iiculluiil ‘School A list oi the entiants* names and the time that they aie to appe ii foi the jnclg 111^ will be posted in Agucultiual Hall on Fiiday moining Apiil 2 To piovide undciclassmen with equal chances foi winning pii/cs in the contest the events iie divided into two sections Fieshmen and sophomoies will compete in one di vision while the luniois and seniois will cntei the othoi gioup Ccios will bestow medals upon the fust ind second jilacc winncis m each (hvision ind in addition the foui winncis na nes will be civiavcd on tiophies that aic to be exhibited in Agucultiual Hall Institute Will Meet Seniors J he cngmcciing dcjaitmcnt ot the Lniviisitv has igam asked the Alcxandci Hamilton Institute to visit till c impiis to explain the Executive M inagemcnt Business Tunning Seivicc to the gi uluiting son 101 s A icpiisint itivc ol the Jnstituti will inkiview ill giaduating sen lois it till I luvcisity chill h on Noith Stiict )ust c 1st of file Civil I ngincciing Buildin„ this will Indiyuluil appointments will bi mule toi the intcivicws and c ich mcmbci ol thi il iss gi uluiting in Apiil will be contacted by tele phone Browsing Room his announced the addition of filty new bools to the collection 111 the Union Niw books an on cm lent histoiy ind include such time ly w 01 ks as they Weic Expend able the Lift Blood Sweat mil i(ais ’ ‘Beilm Diaiy ’ In vasion Battli ol the Solomons 'Mem K im])l In ule I mope Aictoiy IhioLigh An Powci ’ and Sic Ileic I’liv itc H 11 giovc Coed Bowling Schedule ioi Meek Six Wedncsil ij ftlaich 1 () 15 P M (111 Onicgi vs /Alphi \i Dilti Kapp i Kappa C.amm i vs Pi Bet i
Phi
S itui (1 ly A)u il 1 0 P M Delta ((imnii vs Phi Mu Kap))i Alphi 1 het i vs Alpha ( hi Omeg i
Gimlet PledsreB and Actives Plcdginp: on luisday March 80 at 7 30 p m Place will bo announced later —MENKE Camera Cluli rhiri will be a mectinsr ( Thursiliy April 1 at 7 30 p m tn the Music Room The prints on exhibit will be discussed —HAYWARD Gimlil PlcdRca and Actives Meet at the Delta Tail Delta house at 7 30 Gold Pepper PicdRcs and Actives Meeting in room lOt ot the Union today —CHAMINADE Scabbard and Blade Dance Committee Meetinp: in loiinKe outside DininR Rijom in Cary Hall at b 10 p m •—RAFERT All Students The Woslminster Foundation invites you to then April Fool Party Saturday Apiil I at 8 p m in the recrcan tion rooms ot the University Pre>sbytomn Chuich -NORD ginger Christian Science Orsranization Resular meetinc tonichl Uiiesday at 7 30 p m in room 232 ot the Union Business meeting will tolbw SOMMER Posture Pictures Will be taken all day Tuesday March 0 3 host who failed to appi HI Monday at the hour signed for should leport Tuesday u.thout ME to Students Students who have missed lectures must make them up by Thuisday Ai r 1 1 ■—HOERGER Green Guard M tint, Thursday at 3 p m April 1 in AWS office Elections of new membeis —THOMPSON Debris Salesmen Sales mieting at 4pm Wednesday in the business offici Information to be Riven out on the new sales campaign —SKILLMAN AWS Ixccutiic Board Meeting at 7 16 p m today in th AWS office CORNTHWAITE Newman (liih Then will hi n Discus Sion t lul mcatiiit, Tuesday night at 7 30 in loom "8 -GROGAN Ceres Meeli ig tomoirovv night in room 2b3 of tlu Union HAYES
juuii sucmenly l tomed on him and bashed in his skull wit’ a lolled up copy of a government questionnaire ”
yWCA Cabinet Members iR t> b( hell this summ< 1 y s I nd ly Aiird 4 at t p rim planninR eonfeiencc
University Calendar Tuesday/ March 30
If you are gomeet at Jerm for a proPACKARD
2 JO P M Newtomets Meeting 4 00 P M PI A Tea Dance 6 0PM Ruial Wat Piociuttion Gioup 7 00 P M ASME Meeting 7 30 P M AlpJia Pin Omega Meeting 7 oO P M Chiibtian Science Oiganization 7 JO P M Alph i Zeta Speecli Contest Wednesday, March 4 00 P M Comm on State of Univeisit-y 7 aO P M Silvei Mask Meeting 7 oO P M Vaisity Chiistian Fellowship 7 e>0 P M Mai ltd Lectin e
East I aeult-y Lge , Union South Ballioom, Union Assembly Room Ag Hall West Eacultv Lge Union Room 307, Union Room 2J2 Union Room 117 Holt Bldo 31 Room2(jj Union Roam 302 Union Room a07 Union West Faculty Lge Union
Omicron Nu Inili ition will bo held on Wi thus lay March 31 at B 30 p m in the Rdfption Rooms of th( Union Wear white Ol light drisats BEALE Gilder Club Tluri will be a very importint sptiiil milting on Tuesday March 30 in rmm 212 of the Union Ecoryone pkasi comi —SALISBURY -Virginia C Meredith Board Urgent miitiuR in Honit Lt building at 4 p m this tvining —RIGGS Phi Lambda Lpsilon Rough initiation on Satin day Apnl 3 Plixlgts and actives must ittend Ri frishniints —OOFP Skull and Crescent Micting special formi I initiation Wtdnpsday March 31 at 7 1 m in the Union lower Be there on time. —HINES
Commencement (Continued fiom p ige 1) cisos Phis ytais pio„i im has been ad iiitc 1 to the w ii conditions foi conseiy ition oi time uul ti ivcl Adding a milituv touch ncaily 400 ccitihc itcs will le iiicscnled to ad y meed militaiy students The complete schedule toi the Apnl 19 1 >, lommcncement is pi ml ed hoic Saliirday Vpi li 17 1915 9 00 A M —Rl„isU ilion ot alum 111 and pai cuts Union Buildm,, In foi mat C impus Inspection 12 10 PM Luncheon loi alumni facLiltj iiaients i id student Union 1 Ij P M —Annual business meet mg ot the Alumni Assoei ition 2 15 PM—Paiade ol classes to the ov il 2 oO P M - PI lecmciit ot wieath on John Pin due s ,,i ive bj. the 1918 W n t Kss 00 PM Vaisity 1 lotball g ime —Rosa Ade Stadium (siiiiii^ piac lice) 0 00 P M —1 oui I'ei s D ly 1 iii ciuit loi ilumni J unity ])uciita iiid students Union Building 8 15PM 1 estival of Eastei mu SIC (convocation tin woiship) Hall of Miuie Sunday Xpi il 1 5 1915 9 00 A M ive mum el iss lit il i 1st U mo 1 lluildin to 00 A M Oiun IFousi Di and Ml ■- 1 dy\ ii d ( ] lliotl 12 05 r M I o\ illyt I ui il i m loi ilumni I ii ulty p u cuts tu dents iiid L niy 11 site Boaid oi 1 i ii tees Union Building ] 15 PM —Awaidin,, ol Alim i i I oy lUy (iitiluites ti the mem heia ol the 7t 8 88 9 98 0 08 1 mil 18 d isses hy Di I 1 yy lid ( 1 lliolL 2 jO P M - Spun,, ( mimenee nieiiL Pio„iani H ill ot Musi
Notices
Alphn Phi Omcffi ( u s h\v iiriv I Pui has ticl tt mist It fltaintd fiom M 1 liti dti uU b C Hill PLNDLR Alpha Phi Omega I? i li t 1 usin s m tl k, 11 (I \ M ir 1 lU It 30 i n 1 1 m J( t the U I LI cli n cf <{Ti ers NAil! I hdlthcn ( ObSWl IN Military Training Certihcaie« I hose htu I nts wh 11 n t in tl I FiC Hiui xj tt t) J in the \rmr I S r ice houli! ( ill it tl An t V T 1 11 J. tm nt 1 J th 1 ROIC ( Iheite ROHIVbON
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding machines all makes sold rented r paire 1 and purchased Mimeo* gi H] h wt rk done G J Lberbhoff 606 Main,
Lafa>ctte Phone 2 ”0
Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns 1 igg go typewiitcra Alberts t*oan
OlTice 40 Columbia 1 1 women students to ifeteiii Apply at Cafe-
lifetime Shcaffer J V Whistler
Di l| hn
11 ( /ul 1
t. 1
r
1 lUk 1 i
Maich !l
It t
1 111
n
T i m 10 { < f the
I 1 1 11 Ol
All le
U s
]1
i 1 ] i ei t
SMIIII
S im i
Delta flu
11
Ik
) 1 11 1 1 uiues
tl I
xp uient
I
ol
mv ' si
1 OSWINkI 1
Sludt 1
1 ni M
nil n
(.
Ucsij n Gourses
M ik IS
1 1 ts
ni s
i
u M 1 11 65
nil \
V II I V
1 1 m S t n !a>
Ai il i
1 m
i( 1
f th M i nil ai
1 1 gimit
1 k uil In
> ■-
MJF T
i 14 Held I>I I
1 ll )
1 11 ik s rh MS
1 V Ai 1
I 1 t
in ,
1 m 02 f
th Uii
1 111
ill
1 MV n Iv 1
Wanted—Mt
u rk it PmdiR
t ri i OITi
lost—Cr<t J f ntiin 1 en
111 ne 800>
Wanted—Slid iit t) deliver Purdue Exponent Ai 1 1> I xponent ulTiee or call R H Ki ilm 8121 T ost—1 n n i st ro m basement of Ui t n M ) 1 1 > M irc h 20 Swisb stop watch VV n 1 m 11 I arg r(.ward Call Worth Y> I n )0()o Vino St
ttc* 1
SI DDON I I tn r (1
Military Studenth ^ j
n 1 1 1 n tl il 1 I A st 1 11 ( im I Ilk ( 1 ( ml) t lu 1 t 1 L S J AUu til A n \ ta 1 d t r t 1 Sm ill arm I k II t i ri ft I 1 si vn 1 th< Ml 1 h k I n P W In hn M ireh 1 It I 1 I M n 1 t 1 J vitM
-MAH R
I*jst 1 It iin Debris ) t i 11 1 tikcn I I j n I I Mai ! J 1 ti Ai mt i II ROIC w 11 nif ini
DROWN
/on
/
M I
1 y
in It Ri ip it
11 h 1 I \ i\ I s I \ Wt I ts IV I I h 1 d \ t I tit 1 Ml ieh 0 It I III (1 I 1 IS 1 I t k! 1 R t It r 1 e I ill n Ml i
( ROSS
DEBRIS Price Rise April 15 Now then MOO $(50 (ict join copy light ayvdv
K go-getting salesman named Bill, Said—We’ve got an order to fill— So sign up that pledge, Buy Bonds—and don’t ‘hedge.’ W© can—and we must— and we will!”
• Help Amerioa amaBh tlie jAxia. Put 10% of your income info War Bond# and Stamps erery payday*
A Matter of Thrift! Thrift is always important, but doubly so in wartime. When you conserve the life of the things you own it means less replacements for civilians, more necessities for the armed forces. USE (iROWN GLEANiNG SERVICE REGUFARLY ATNO BUY WAR BONDS Drown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING