Freshmen — Don't Forget Green Potter Election Today In Union Building.
f^r^y
jr.
\ xponenf m JOar/f Swc^ /903
Volume 52, No. 37 Beveridge Contest Finalists Compete For Hayes Trophy Lull To Award Ankeny Cup To Winning Group Seven freshman speakers will compete tonight for the possession of the Hayes trophy, awarded annually to the man winning the Beveridge Speech Contest. The competition will be held in the Home^ Economics auditorium and will begin at 7:30 o’clock. The speakers tonight will be the seven finalists who were picked in the two preceding eliminating rounds from a field of 44 freshmen entrants. They are Guy Besnard, IJale E. Butz, Gilbert Chapman, Hichard L. DeLong, Norman W. Merrick, Clem L. Pope, and George J. Zissis. "Will Award Ankeny Cup The campus organization winning the most points in the competition will be awarded possession of the Ankeny cup for one year. Permanent possession of the cup will go to the group winning it for three years. Ralph D. Hultgren, senior forensic manager, will act as chairman of the contest. The awards to the winnin,g speaker and group will be made by Prof. P, E. Lull of the speech department. Judges for tonight’s finals will be Prof. Alanson N. Topping of the electrical engineering department. Pi of. Jones and Dr. Alan H. Monloe of the speech department. The speeches tonight are open to all students, faculty members, and townspeople, j.h.a. Lodde Speech Contest For Freshmen Co-eds Opens Next Tuesday The preliminaries for the 13th annual Lodde Speech contest will be held on Tuesday, October 29, in room 301 of University Hall at 4 p. m. This contest is open to all freshman women and to all transfer women who hold freshman passports. Speeches for the preliminary competition should be three to five minutes long, and those for the finals should be approximately 15 minutes long. Any subject is in order. Some of those suggested are: Purdue Is A Man’s Campus, Conscription, A Woman’s View, and Critical Survey of Campus Clothes. 100 Co-eds Will Speak According to Marilyn McKnight, co-ed forensic manager, over one hundred women are expected to participate in the preliminaries, and from these, seven will be selected for the finals. The judges for the preliminaries will be members of the speech staff.. e.w.m.
West Lafayette, Indiana
RuBlnof# and Kb rioHit *«mm to eampiM today lot special WBAA broadcast;
Tuesday, October 22, 1940
Green
Potters Vote Today In
For Officers; Parties State Platforms n/MdasiTodai
Plartinn Rubinoff,Violinistr CieClIOn AppearsOnWBAA
Boilermaker Statement
We, the Boilermaker party, desire -4o make public our intentions and plans for the welfare of the freshman class for the ensuing year. If you elect us we will meet to unite the class in one common bond, and provide equal representation on all class functions. At the freshman “prom” we will have a good name band. The freshman class will be organized into a single body for common cause of renewing the traditional pot-burning spirit. This is our platform and we will endeavor to carry it out to the fullest extent. Dad's Day Tickets Go On Sale Today At3P Min Union Four hundred tickets for the Dad’s Day football game, against Indiana go on sale this afternoon at 3 p. m. at the old location of the west desk of the Union. These tickets, which will sell at three dollars each, will be on the east side of the stadium between the 20 and 40 yard lines. The ticket sale will be limited to one ticket per student, and at the time of purchase, passports will be stamped. Providing the Indiana game stub in the passport has not been removed, the purchaser may receive another ticket. However, 28 cents must be paid for the ticket to cover the tax charge, e.w.m. Frosh Debaters To Meet Tomorrow Freshmen who aspire to positions on the freshman debate team will meet tomorrow afternoon in room 310 of University Hall at 4 o’clock. At this meeting the question to be debated throughout the .seaison will be explained to the students, and dates for tryouts and the schedule of events in which the team will participate will be announced. For additional information about the freshman debate work, students should consult R. W. Des Jarlais in room 306, University Hall, t.b.n.
PIA
. . . dance class will have an organization meeting in room 236 of the Union at 7:30 o’clock this evening. e.w.m.
Maestro Lou Breese Will Provide Music For Friday's Pre-Homecoming Mixer
By Bob Van Deusen Suave, mustachioed trumpet virtuoso Lou Breese and his “Breezy Rhythm Orchestra” will “blow” into town Friday night for the gala pre-hohiecoming mixer. Dancing will be in both ballrooms of the Union to the “tune” of a dollar fifty a couple. Lou launched his present band in 1939 at the Chez Paree in Chicago. His engagement there was for one month but his danceable rhythm caught on so quickly that he stayed for nine. Since then liou has played the popular Frank Daly’s Meadowbrook in New Jersey, and the Million Dollar Pier iri Atlantic City. Back To Chez Ppree He is booked for a eight week return engagement at the Meadow-
brook and a return engagement at the Chez Paree. Coming here from the State and Lake Theatre in Chicago, Lou will go on to the Palace Theatre in Cleveland for an engagement beginning October 28. Perhaps you’ve heard the band’s arrangement of “Swampfire” in the sweet shop or bowling alleys ? This number features Lou on the trumpet. Doii Huston handles the band’s ballads and Skip Morr the rhythm numbers. The band has no “canary” as yet but plans to have one this fall. Instead of picking, pp a professional, Lou has conceived the novel idea of running contests in all the theatres he plays, and the winner* will be hired by the band as the featured feminine vocalist.
Schwab, Clifford Seek Frosh Presidency; Polls Open 8 To 6 University freshmen will vote in their first campus election today when, as members of Green Potters, official frosh organization, they go to the polls to elect their officers for the year. Polls will be open from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. Freshmen can vote upon presentation of their passports at the voting desk located in the old west desk niche of the Union buildijfig.
Parties Prepare Slates
As in previous campus political contests, two rival parties have prepared slates for the campaign. The Boilermakers have nominated Peter Schwab for president and Bob Bachmann for vice-president, while the Progressives are running Bob Clifford and Jack Harris. Progressive candidates for secretary and treasurer are Robert Isacke and Fred Myer, with John Houston and Lewis Gardner the Boilermaker nominees for these two positions.
Skull and Crescent
While a typically active campaign is expected, with free transportation to the polls being furnished by the politicians of the two parties, campaigning in the immediate vicinity of the polls is forbidden. Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, will conduct the election, as has been the custom in past
years.
The successful candidates will, as officers of Green Potters, conduct the annual Green Potters dance, and arrange for “pot burning” in the spring, in addition to handling other freshman affairs, j.h.a.
The Ratio-Ifs Still Same; Only 43 More Coeds
By Alice Chatfield
Remember the joyous stories of the changing ratio of men and women students at the beginning of the year? Sorry to disappoint you, but there are only 43 more co-eds in school than there were last year. A housing survey by the dean of women shows where these 1,377 studehts keep themselves. University houses hold 39.1 per cent of the women, an increase of 2 per cent over last year. Many of the sorority houses, in which 23 per cent of the women live as they did last year are filled to more than their supposed capacity. Private homes house 29.3 per cent, an increase of 1 per cent, and co-operative houses hold 8.1 per cent, also an increase of
1 per cent.
Residence Halls Filled This year the three residence halls are filled to capacity and 100 upperclassmen and transfer students could not be accommodated. The University is responsible for the housing of 79.5 per cent of the women students, those not living at home. To solve the housing problem a fifth co-operative house has been opened this year and there have been improvements in furnishing and equipment in many
houses, a.c.
Pharmaceutical Society To Meet This Afternoon The University chapter of the American Pharmaceutical Association will meet this afternoon at 4 p.m. in room 209 of the pharmacy building. The organization plans to bring to the campus speakers who will be interesting both to the pharmacists' and to the general student body. All pharmacy students are invited to attend this meeting,, according to APA officers. e.w.m. Marriage Students Hear Dean Matthews Tonight Students enrolled in the marriage course will meet tonight for a regular session in the west faculty lounge at 7:15 o’clock! %)ean Mary L. Matthews, of the school of home economics, will speak on “Budgeting.” After the lecture, the students will hold group discussions followed by a floor discussion during which Dean Matthews will answer specific questions, e'.w.m. Professor F. R. Hall ... of the University history, economics, and government department spoke yesterday at the regular monthly luncheon of the University’s agricultural staff, held in*^ the faculty lounge of the Union, His topic was, “Where Do We Go Prom Here?” Dr. A. M. Brunson is chairman of the committee on arrange-
ments. a.d.n.
Slayter Will Speak On Fibrous Glass At AlChE Meeting James Slayter, ChE, ’21, vicepresident of the Owens - Corning Fiberglas Corporation, will speak tonight at 7:30 o’clock before the American Institute of Chemical Engineers in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. His subject will be the development of glass in fibrous form. Won Longstreth Medal This year Slayter received the Edward Longstreth Medal of the Franklin Institute'for his leadership in the research resulting in the development of a new basic material of many uses. He was also recognized by the National Association of Manufacturers as one of its “Modem Pioneers.” Work was begun on the new product in 1931, and within a few months Sla3rter and his associates had developed a new economical process for drawing glass into extremely fine fibers. In his talk, he will tell the story of the development of Fiberglas and will show examples of some of the many products which come from the early experimental work, e.^.m. Co-eds Offered Posture, Feet Improvement Aid All women students who are interested in improving their posture or the condition of their feet are invited to attend a clinic to be held by the women’s physical education department beginning tonight at 4 p. m. and continuing each Tuesday from 4 until 6 p. m. An opportunity will be provided for individual consultations, photographs, and suggestions for improvement. The clinic will be held in the corrective room of the women’s gym. Students may report at any time between 4 and 6 p. m, v.b.
Progressive Statement We, the Progressive Party, and we, Bob Clifford, Jack Harris, Bob Isacke and Fred Myer, stand for both the organized and unorganized, Cary Hall and the fraternities. We state oar platform as follows: A well-organized freshman class. A well-organized and successful pot-buming. We will, if the calendar permits, have a freshman dance with a name band. And above all, leave a good name for the class of ’44. I, Bob Clifford, pledge myself and my fellow officers to carry out to the best of our ability the planks of our platform. Union Announces Final Sophomore Callouts Tomorrow Final callouts for sophomore Student Union workers will be tomorrow in room 355 of the Union. Bill Huls, Union executive, stated that all sophomores interested may attend the meeting regardless of whether or not they have had previous work with the Union. Sophomore workers have as their duties, office clerical work, backdrop and band front painting and hanging, planning of Union receptions and tea dances, and assisting at mixers. At the end of the year, these workers are eligible for fourteen positions as Union vice-presidents. All workers receive keys and dm’ing the year are entertaincid at Union worker tea dances. Sophomores are split up to work on different committees under the various vice-presidents. On the average, one hour a day is spent in work, preferably from 4-5 o’clock, depending on the vice-president in charge and the time the work is to be done. t.n. Mrs. Clifford Rader ... who has been visiting the campus as an advisor during co-ed rush activities was entertained at dinner Sunday noon, October 19, by Phi Mu sorority. Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart were also present. e.l.g.
Program Originates
In Union Music Room David Rubinoff, famous concert violinist, will be on campus this afternoon for a special program over WBAA at 4:45 o’clock. According to Dick Pittenger of the WBAA staff, there are no more tickets available for the special broadcast, which will originate from the Music Room of the Union instead of Fowler Hall as was previously announced. All those holding tickets for the program must be in their
seats before 4:30 p. m.
Appeared With Eddie Cantor Rubinoff has attained world-wide fame as a concert violinist, conductor, and orchestra leader. He was connected with Benny Goodman’s band for five years, and has played over the air with his own orchestra, appearing on Eddie Cantor’s pro-
gram.
Also included on today’s broadcast with him will be dramaticsongstress Bernice Claire, and cohcert pianist Solis. Fifteen Minutes During the course of the program, which will be fifteen minutes in length, musical selections wiU be presented by the three soloists, and a special interview with Rubinoff will be conducted. The three musicians are appearing this afternoon and evening at Howard H^ in Frankfort. State police will conduct the artists to West Lafayette for the broadcast. WBAA student announcers Bill Fall and Dick Pittenger will handle the announcing duties. r.l.h. 'Radioactivity' Subject Of Physicist's Lecture Professor Emilio Serge, former head of the department of physics of the University of Palermo, Italy, will deliver two general lectures to University students and staff members during the latter half of November. He will discuss artificial radioactivity and its chemical applications, and uranium. Time and place yill be announced later. | Serge is visiting the University to lecture to the nuclear physics group on nuclear isomerism, new elements and radioactivity. He is at present stationed at the radiation laboratory of the University of California. j.h.a.
Deam, Crevr Shift Scenes With Record Speed For 'Susan And God' Production
By Don Brophy “Hang the sun a little to the left,” “Put out that sky—,” in response to these orders an amber light swung around and a “cyclo” (for the uninitiated—a “cyclo” is a sky piece that is lighted in order to produce an appearance of distance) came rumbling down fi’om the loft over-/ head. In a flash Bill Deam, speech instructor and erstwhile chief technician of the Playshop production of “Susan and God,” and his crew of fifteen “arc monkeys,” scene shifters and batteneers had constructed a typical Long Island country es^te terrace. Fowler Hall Miracle This miracle of construction was performed on the stage of Fowler Hall last night at the second dress rehearsal of the playshop production'of Rachael CrOTher’s New York success. This modOTn marvel was repeated betweep the first and second acts and once again between the second and third acts. It took Deam and his crew a little less than thirty minutes to build a country plaza, a modem, cifcular bedroom
—^which, by the way, is somethmg new in set construction—and a living room of a l^irge rural mansion. This is what we would call speed-ala-mode in any man’s language. As we stood behind the scenes getting an “amps-eye” view of the staff of electricians, carpenters and mechanics receiving commands, listening for cue lines from the actors on the stage, and handling properties we realized that there was a lot more to a legitimate stage production than grease paint, footlights and'third act curtains. Deam Confides As Deam coi^ded to us after he and his boys had folded up the sky and dimmed the last flood prior to calling it a good night’s perform^ ance, “The most absorbing and in* teresting part of work in the theatre is seeing the designs for sets shape into reality. It’s a real pleasure to s^ a pile of wood con-* verted into a fireplace, or a sheet of canvas made into the wal^ ot % drawing room. It’s Just as mmsh n part of the ptey as the actual pels formance.”iftr ' ■ I \ f,.
h.
PURDUE EXPONENT
■- ‘'H-: Tuesday/ October 22. 1940 * ^.
We were listening to the radio the other night and were startled somewhat by an announcement. It concerned a bill which the president just signed. And said that all organizations plotting to overthrow the government ... Must register with the FBI. That just goes to prove how democratic we really are. We don’t* mind revolutions as long as they pull them in an orderly fashion. And everyone waits his turn. Which is common sense. Think of the confusion it would cause if there was no referee. Like the Knight Templars holding a parade and the American Legion throwing a convention all at the same time. ♦ * * ■ ■ Of course it would seem easier to shoot them all. But that’s just speculation. It’s like the production line in an automobile factory. What with registering aliens, and conscriptees. It’s simpler to have them fill out cards than to disrupt the whole system. To run out a firing squad. * * ♦ Seems to us this registration business has gotten itself started and nobody knows how to turn it oif. Hs * * There is the case of Charlie McCarthy for instance. He got caught, too. And they made him a sergeant in the air corps. Now that guy’s green. He needs seasoning. But if they’re going to take him, they at least
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in 1.8fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular' academic year and -Weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. ( Editor-in-Chief. .............. .....B. W.. Donahue Business Manager. — _...Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor .........^...J. H. McKee Managing E!ditor.j...._— - D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J: A. Purcell, L. W. Kuffner, R. M, Skallerup, J. L, Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion ISanager, G, E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ..... ........ Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor ^ J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adoaoson, F. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. ■ ' ' Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national adwrtising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College'Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Traugott Issue Editor: Van Deusen Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: E. W. McCullough, J. H. Armstrong, Ted Novey, Alice Chatfield, Virginia Barson, R. L. Hadley, G. T. Whelden, W. H. Hummel, E. C. Young.
ought to do right by the lad. Make him a major. After all: He is mechanically minded. * * * Besides, he’s no dummy. j Or is he?—4ikh
Pfevepibt/Ve Propaganda What'sBecome . . . of the “Star Spangled Banner” or have we abandoned it as our national anthem? It would seem to the ordinary observer that in all the propaganda that has been put out at public gatherings very little attention has been given to the song that supposedly is the official hymn of our country. We won’t debate the merits of Irving Berlin’s “God Bless America” but we do dispute its right to the same honors as the national anthem. As yet the “Star Spangled Banner” holds this distinction alone and should continue to do so. “God Bless America” is a beautiful song but it lacks the solemhity and depth of Francis Scott Key’s soul stirring picture of the flag waving “O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave.” Perhaps everybody can’t cover the range of notes used in the older song but that doesn’t keep them from trying. We think that the substitution of the “Star Spangled Banner” for “God Bless America” on a few public programs would be a welcome change—at least for college students who have built up a terrific “hate” for the very obvious attempt to synthesize patriotism where patriotism has already existed. We have come to accept the “Star Spangled Banner” as a part of our birthright but we resent “canned” spirit, prepared especially for popular consumption. ^ ^ ^ -
Newman Club Breakfasts Approximately 125 members of the Newamn Club attended the breakfast held at St^ Mary’s last Sunday. Between speeches the members were entertained by three members of Silver Mask, fencing honorary. Ernie Wegner and Cecil Oakes executed the highlights of the sport while Jim McCanahy described them, e.w.m.
All Campus Golf Champs D. L. Douglas defeated Lange 3-2 to cop the championship of the “B” flight of the All-campus golf tourney. J. M. Combs emerged victorious in the “A” flight by defeating Hawk by the score of 4-3. The championship flight of the tourney wfil not be completed until the latter part of the week, p.b.j. Squash Members Meet Varsity squash members and prospective members are urged to be present at a meeting to be held tomorrow evening at 7:00 in the Intra-mural office of the field house. The tusual attractive schedule is planned for this season and the team prospects are even better than last year. Many of last year’s varsity, reserve and freshmen players have been working throughout the fall. w.b.h.
Newman Club Sets Frolic For Nm. l Overalls for men and calico prints for their dates will be predominate costumes at the Newman Club’s barnyard frolic from 9 until 12 o’clock on the night of November 1 in the south ballroom of the Union. ^ Bob Barnes’ band from Indiana University will furnish the music for the frolic. Barnes has taken over Doc Thrasher’s old orchestra. During the intermission the Phi Kappa fraternity will present an exhibition barnyard square dance. Between dances the couples will sit on the ballroom floor, which will resemble a barnyard with cornstalks, pumpkins and rustic scenes of domestic animals for atmosphere, m. r.f. '
WBAA
■ TUESDAY ll:00—The Dentist Says 11:15—^Sam Hamilton^—^pianist 11:30—Listen While You Work 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Russ Graefnitz—pianist 12:15-—Sportsman Corner 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—^Monitor Views the News 1:00—Just Relax 1:15—-Lest We Forget 1:30—Afternoon Melodies 1:45—Market Reports 2:00-—Memory Lane 2:15—Magic Carpet 2:30—Parent Forum 2:45—Treasure Chest 3:00—Parade of Business 3:15—Allen Prescott 3:30—Organ Moods—Glenn Paxton 4:00—^Heard in the Hallway 4:15—Bob Pettiner 4:30—Exponent of the Air 4:46—Story Book Hour Triton Club Names 30 New Members Triton Club, women’s swimming honorary, has announced thirty new members to its organization. These members were selected from a list of 72 applicants who for the past two Weeks have been passing various swimming tests. The new members are: Leta Gourley, Eleanor Harrison, Phyllis Thomas, Martha Jane Fox, Margaret Hohnhaus, Brita Kraepelieh, Margaret Oliphant, Shirley Montieth, jVIargaret Graves, Jean Barrett, Betty Bemis, Mary Helen Boyd, Jean Browne, Virginia Gallman, Priscilla Hendricks, Johanna Hobbs, Helen Hoskinson, Betty Jacobsen, Shirley Johnson, Barbara Kendall, Mary Edith Kohl, Eleanor Lewis, Beth Marshall, Sally Popovich, Virginia Schakel, Jean Sullivan, Shirley Whiteman, Carolyn Klewin, Ruth Wilson, and Jane Adams. Meet Tonight Tonight at 7:16 in the Memorial Gymnasium the club will hold a meeting to be devoted to diving practice, recreational swimming strokes, stunts and a water polo
4 Pardne’s # Interesting 0 People By Donna Siess
Prom the laboratories of the lUniversity came only this summer an important scientific development that may prove to be one of the major contributions of all time to the field of scientific investigation. Credit for this important' research goes to Dr. Cornelius Lanczos, a small, gray bushy-haired man who unobtrusively has helped in important scientific investigations. Collaborated With Einstein Previous to his own connection with the faculty here. Dr. Lanczos was for a year in collaboration with Einstein on his theory of relativity. At that time, although) progress was made, it was not possible for Einstein and Lanczos to form any definite theqry on the problem of motion. However, last summer Dr. Lanczos believes to have found a solution to the problem. Dr. Lanczos’ association with Einstein was begun when he and Einstein began corresponding about scientific problems . while Lanczos was instructing in various universities throughput Germany. Becoming interested in Lanczos, Einstein asked that he be placed on a one year’s leave of absence on a scholarship to collaborate with him on his relativity theory. Correspondence between the two men is still continued and ideas exchanged on the research of each. Native of Hungary This keen, yet kind-eyed individual, is a native of Hungary, but since 1938 has been a naturalized American. Since receiving his Doctor’s degree in theoretical physics, he has been specializing in the theory of relativity. His research articles in various national publications attracted the attention of the University physics department which was able to secure his services bn the campus. Before his full year appointment he instructed only graduate courses to physicists, but in addition he now instructs the mathematical survey course of the special science group. —^Yours for more interest.— AIME To See Ashton Iron
“Ashton Wrought Iron Process” is the title of a movie to be shown at the regular meeting of the AIME on tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building. All interested members of ASME and other technical societies _ar.e.um.. vited to attend, l.b.j.
game. The advanced ballet group will meet Mondays at 4 o’clock; the beginning, ballet group, Wednesdays at 4 o’clock; and both groups on Thursdays at 4 o’clock, r.m.b.
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
MSAUNO BRIAN _ ^vmmBRucB
ROBERT JOHN *SENC<llEy«CARROU
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
BOB BURNS MISCHA AUER in 'ALIAS THE DEACON' — AND — WILLIAM BOYD RUSSELL HAYDEN in “Law of the Pampas"
ALSO-
'TERRY and the PIRATES"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Vit
‘Well, you can’t blame me for being sentimental about my golf
—it’s all I g'ot that’s above par!”
Bold & Black Board Of Trustees
... at a recent meeting approved
^ ^ "■ ” the removal of the orchard packing
shed, an old landmark situated on the southwest corner of the Women’s Residence Hall site, to the orchard plot north of the Poultry Hus-
bandry Building, m.n.
Gad, but we’re glad this week-end is over, especially the rush part. Now We can:>gq in the Sweet Shop and see something worth looking at.
: _B & B—
The Phi Psis thought they were putting something over on us last Saturday night at their bam dance, but we caught on to why they made us climb up that ladder to get in the joint. It wasn’t hard to get the point after watching^ John Van Horn follow pretty Mary Roberts up the ladder half the night. i
—B &B— ^
Now is the time to kill a rumor that has been running rampant for quite a while. Phi Gam George Baker and Wilma Bear have not gone on their separate ways. It’s true that George has his pin back, but if you will look more closely, which shouldn’t be such a hardship, you will see the Figi sweetheart pin for which George exchanged his pin. \ _B & B— Heard some amusing things about rush the other day, and now that it’s all over, I guess that they can be told. It seems as though the Alpha Chis borrowed every fraternity pin that they could lay their hands on hoping to impress the rushees that way, while the . Delta Gams tried spiking the cokes that they served. Nice scrupulous girls we ..have. around here.
vU
As usual there were no contributions for this column in the box today.’All we ask is a few names and details. Let us know, and we’ll do your dirty work for you. —B & B— By the grapevine comes the news that Inez Anserson, Phi Mu, is engaged to Dick Rohrbaugh of Chicago. The only sad part of the whole business is that he is in Chicago. Which only goes to prove that the women don’t know when they are well off.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTER! ES
Fralernily and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Today - Wed.—2 HITS
PLUS—2ND FEATURE .. THE SURPRISE UUGH HIT OF THE SEASON!
lewATRES. Rita JOHNSON UON ERROL ? HAT PENDLETON
TODAY - WEDNESDAY Ablaze with the glorious triumph of an unconquerable love! GARY GRANT i MjUmiA SCOTT I ^ ilBOE
TODAY - TOMORROW -- DOUBLE FEATURE —
STILL ONE OF THE GREATEST OF ALL AIR FILMS! • ■ V/ Putainouot'pratcnlS': ■.••• ■ THE EAGLE andthe hawk
Fredric March-Carole Lombard Cary Grant anil Jack Oakie - DlHrCTtD StUAKT-WAlKWANO MltCMUl: UH5N ;
PLUS
VIVEUTUNI VIVEmglltiYi' i
< ’1 i
i i‘
« « f f
J jA \ -Jf tf a.
£ '4^'*'i>^‘
i \(
Tuesday^ October 22« 1940
£xfiomni Sfio^ Paqsi _
Trackmen, Frosh, Varsity Gridmen Prepare For
Thinlyclads Lose Close Meet To Buckeyes; Prepare For Wisconsin invasion Saturday
Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
We spent the greater part of yesterday afternoon watching three extra-curricular activities, varsity football, freshman football, and military band, preparing for this Satirrday’s program, their contribution being the features of the Homecoming itinerary. —I-I— The varsity practice was thrilling to watch, especially if you like to watch long, towering passes completed. John Galvin and Frank Fijala were tossing those famous distant passes of their’s, and Frosty Sprowl, Forest McCaffery, and Bill Gantz were taking the heaves behind the varsity (regular’s) backs. -1-1— I talked to the saddest and most forlorn Purdue gridder I’ve conversed with in a number of years; A1 Rossi. I’ve known A1 for four years, and during that period, nothing has ever seemed to go right for the big Italian led from Peking, 111. As a soph, A1 played behind Captain Joe Mihal; last season, Dick Potter and A1 divided the time at tackle, with Potter getting the starting role for the season. -1-1— This season, A1 was given the starting role. He survived the Butler game, but at Ohio State he received a stiff neck which he still nurses. He attempted to play the Michigan State game in his halfthere physical shape, and his ap-
pearance on the field was of just afiother football player. In that game, Rossi absorbed another injury, this time to his left knee. Now A1 walks with an effort and turns his head to the right with a greater effort, and to top it all, his injuries
Homecoming week-end will provide Coach Herman Phillips’ harriers with a chance to balance the ledger of their dual meet standings as they tackle Wisconsin’s Badgers here Saturday
at 12:30.
■ As a result, a determined band of
young men pounded the crbss-coun-try course yesterday afternoon in an effort to prepare themselves for this contest. Year in and year out, Wisconsin consistently produces strong distance runners and stiff
competition is expected. Holderman Wins Again
The Riveters’ record now stands at one victory and two defeats as a result of Saturday’s heart-breaking loss at Columbus. The Buckeyes eked out a 27-29 triumph in that event, a race featured by spasms of
rainfall.
Captain Ed Holderman, after building a good lead, beat off a challenge by Price of Ohio State and won his third straight dual engagemeht of the season in the good time of 20:55.5 for the four mile course. Price finished one-half second back of the Boilermaker flyer and behind this duo were Kiracope and Eisenhart, two more Buckeyes. Reeves was the next Riveter to finish, copping the fifth spot with teammate McLaughlin taking sixth. Track Plus Football Raymond of Ohio State came in seventh trailed by a quartet of Boilermakers, Shulman, Jentsch, Jarvis and Stqjiley in that order. After the race the squad and their coaches stayed for the Ohio StateMinnesota gridiron struggle. Rain marred the spectacle but all agreed that it was a fine contest,
e.y.c.
can’t be diagnosed correctly. Darn it, Al, I wish you’d up and say, “Hell!” instead of taking it all with that cheerful Latin smile of yours.
' —I-I—
You can’t help admire fellows emulating Al Rossi. Playing tackle, not a star but always there, catdhing his share of loquacious ravings of coaches, becoming the recipient of injury after injury, seldom
DELICIOUS ’ ECONOMICAL PLATE LUNCHES SALADS and SANDWICHES in
THE GRILL always PLEASANT i EFFICIENT SERVICE JhSL fiuAdm, WsmifdaL lAmatt. The Corner of the Compus— Tef the Center of Activities
praised but told what he didn’t do —and senior Alfred Rossi can smile with the best of them. And what’s this news filtering about about our friend Mr. Schmidt, Ohio State University’s coach? It appears that he pulled the same substitution gag on Minnesota last week as he pulled on Purdue a few weeks ago. However, I’ve heard no confirmation of the subject; therefore, I spare the adjectives.
Yearling Gridders Meet In Intra-squad Conflict Saturday The famous ’ole Gold and Black of the Boilermakers will be opposing one another Saturday morning when the frosh football team have their annual intra-squad game. The squad will be divided into two teams of gold and black, which will be chosen by Coach Elmer Burnham within the next few days. Upper Stuart field will be the place, and Homecoming, Saturday morning at 10:30, the time of this fresh-
man game.
Sure Starters , Most of the men on the squad will see action in this game. Some of these are: in line positions, Jayner, Baumagourd, Newell and Hanson, guards; Deer and Kelly at the center spot; Stoelting, Devine and Eggleston, ends; Claffey, Davidson and Muhl, tackles, and in the backfield, Baker, Smock, Stauber, Robinson and Fields will share honors. The frosh are looking forward to this game as it will be the second one since they played the varsity squad last month. Also there will be much more equality in size and experience than was encountered in the varsity game, g.t.w. Inter-Ward Distance Race Tomorrow At 4 Participants in the annual Interward cross country race which is to be run tomorrow afternoon, at 4:30 p. m. should meet promptly at 4:00 p. m. m the west end of the fieldhouse for instruction and numbers. Coach Herman Phillips will act as starter for the race which consists of a three lap turn of the Intramural field for a distance of two and one half miles.
Homecoming Attractions
Riveters Prepare For Second Home Stand; Byeiene Definiteiy Out Of Saturday's Tiit Following a two day respite from preparation for the Home-
coming Tilt against Wisconsin Saturday with an extended fundamental drill and spirited srimmage session, reporting early and staying late, the hefty nien of the gridiron worked steadily and determinedly in perfecting the offense and defense which
will overcome the Badger attack come Saturday. . The head of the injury jinx has
H aT.I-TTDE' improve I ^aler-Blo« Ha'
The LEE TEL «5.oo W ill not only improve your Hat-i-tnde but your appearance as well. It’s not the same old hat. The mirror C?lls the story. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat..; |3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. tikRia u s patent office
'S^d&ls/iL are exclusive dealers for Y VK IV MLAMuiMji JUIxmM 9 in Lafayette and West Lafayette Se^ thepe new stylra and ( shades befor^ you buy your '' new FALL HAT.
Indefinitely “Out'
Mike Byeiene
The United States is spending $277,000,000 in the construction of a new set of locks for the Panama Canal.
Phi Kappa Tan's Defeat AGR's For Softball Crown Alpha Gamma Rho, three years runner-up in the annual | Inter-fra-ternity softball games, yesterday afternooii extended the record to four straight by losing the final game to Phi Kappa Tau. The Phi Tau’s have their Boilermaker basketball star, Don Blanken to thank for the close victory. Don showed that he not only can play heads up basketball, but soft^ball as well by striking out 12 men. AGR started the scoring in the first inning when Hurst crossed the plate on Hardins double. In the third and fourth innings, though, the Phi Kappa Tau’s romped around the diamond four times. Alpha Gamma Rho’s one run in the fifth inning then ended the game with the Phi Taus on top four to two. g.t.w.
At least three-fourths of the color photography done by commercial photographers today is done on film measuring eight inches by ten inches.
reared its ugly face quite high in the Riveter encampment, with several limping first stringers relegated to the sidelines. Hard fighting Mike Byeiene, stellar right half, will see no action in the Wisconsin tilt, according to Head Coach Mai Elward. The wrist injury he sustained in the Spartan blitzkrieg is reported somewhat improved, however, and it is hoped that he will be able to get back into the line-up against Iowa the following week. Rankin Improving Captain Dave Tlankin was in uniform yesterday afternoon for the first time in over a week. 'The broken nose which Dave broke in the Michigan State fracas is healing in fine shape, and it is hoped that the stalwart captain will be able to se^ some action this week. 1 Bob Kersey’s injured leg is much improved despite a painful recurrance of the injury last week. Left guard Stevens is still out of uniform due to a tackled shoulder. Rossi Also Injured Steady Al Rossi aggravated a knee injury in a PE class yesterday to put him out of uniform for a few days, although the injury is not expected to keep him out of the Homecoming game. In order to fill in the empty places in the ranks, the coaching staff has been carefully grooming several understudies to take over the vacant posts. Diminuitive Tony Berto will probably be playing shfety in Byelene’s place Saturday, although hard driving Swede Anderson is giving him a hard battle for the berth. O’Bryan Shifted L^t tackle O’Bryan has been shifted to the left guard position in order to strengthen that part of the line, and, according to Head Coach Elward, will probably see considerable action thqre Saturday, e.w.m. IM Schedules TOUCHBALL Tuesday, October 22 Field 1 Theta Chi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon (Skinner) 2 Alpha Tan Omego vs Tan Kappa Ep* silon (Schreiber) 8 Phi Kappa Tau vs Kappa Delta Rho (Speidel) 4 Phi Kappa vs Delta Chi (Shaw) 6. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Sigma Kappa (Sroka) 6. Sigma Chi vs ~Sigma Alpha Epsifon~ McGrath) 7. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi (McAdams) 8. Kappa Sigma vs I,ambda Chi Alpha (McCarthy)
the t’urdue Exponent
' Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
Risk Denfal Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Ham St. Phone 5701
Sperb Hardware Quality Mche.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965 • Tailor Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better AAdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We detiver \
♦ jewelera ^
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE
Htys |ewelry Co.
DAIRY
Fine jewelry
QUALITY MILK
at Modente prices
Phone 46214
EAST SIDE OF SQUAREk -
$ 4
H
i ‘|v
«
PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 22, 1940
Classified Ads FOR SALE Rnss-Rcnt-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasion^. Min. $2.50 all. night. Phone, 2407.
Horticnitnral Society: There vrill he an important meeting in the Assembly Room of the Horticulture Building, Wednesday, October 28, at 4 p. m/It is very urgent that all members be present. —RESNER.
Catalyst Club Actives: Please sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office for the party Wednesday, October 23. Meet at the Chem and Met building at 7 :30 p. m —BERGSTEDT.
ASME: All members who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may get them at Professor Cope’s office any day this week except Friday from 9 to 10 a m. —COOLEY.
Male Students: Desiring to fire on 4th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the Armory This groups starts firing November 5, 1940. • , —WASSMAN.
Gold Peppers; Important meeting Tuesday, October 22 at 6 p. m. —CARROLL.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m Wednesday, October 23, in room 328 of the Union. All members please be present. —LANIUS.
Sophomore Debris Workers: Important meeting in Debris office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 23. —JONES.
Room For Rent: Clean and desirous room and board, only 1 block from the campus. For further information call 66014.
Sigma Delta Chi: Pledging Tuesday, October 22, at 4 p m. in the Union Exponent offices in basement. Actives and pledges please be there. Short. —McKEE.
All Students: Interested in doing sketches for 1941 Debris see Jean Jones Debris office at 4 p m. from October 22-26. If you. have any sample sketches, submit them at once. Judging next week. —JONES
Kappa Delta Pi .. . initiation banquet will be held in the Union on Tuesday, October 29. All members are urged to attend. Tickets may be obtained by calling Lee Norquest, Bud Luers, Josinah Allen, or Lucille Osborne, e.w.m.
All Co-eds: All interested in varsity debate work meet in room 301, University Hall, Tuesday, October 22. —^WlNCH.
Wanted: Passengers to St Louis Nov. 2. Return Sunday—$3.60 Round Trip. Boling— 6418 Lost: Pair of glasses in brown case John Swenson Cary Hall West. 8446 Reward.
Marriage Course Seniors: Class will meet Tuesday, October 22, instead of Thursday —CHANDLER
All Sophombres: Call out for all sophomores interested in working on the editorial staff of 1941 Debris. Report to Debris office at 4 p. m. October 22-26 —JONES.
All Yell Leaders: Report to the stadium Tuesday, October 22, at 4 p. m. with uniforms. —^DELMER.
Ceres: Meeting Tuesday, October 22, at 7 p. m. in room 232 of Union. —JOHNSON.
Lutheran Students: Important short meeting Tuesday, October 22, at 4 p m in room 232 of Union All members should be there. —SMITH
Lost: Decitrig Slide Rule in Armory Friday, October 18 between 4 and 6pm Reward Call 66292
Newman Club: Discussion groups will meet Tuesday and Wednesday, October 22 and 23 at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union No meeting will be held Thursday because of convocation. .—LUERS.
Chess Club: Meeting of the Purdue Union Chess club Wednesday, October 23, at 8 p, m. in the game room of Lnion. —CURTNER.
Sophomore Union Workers: All available men Union workers report to the Union office at 4 p m. Tuesday, October 22 —WOIFF.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met Engineering magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before ^Tuesday, October 22. See any oPthe following: John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kraybill, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. Chem Engineers: Membership cards may be obtained in Prof. Shreve’s office in Chem and Met Building. —MASSEY.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, October 23, at 7:30 p. m. in WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Metallurgical Engineers: Meeting Wednesday, October 23, at 7 :30 p m. in room 308 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building. —PHILLIPS.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting of all actives and pledges Thursday, October 24, at 6 p. m. in room 803 of Union. Pledges bring keys and boxes. Dues are payable at this time. —OSWALT.
Presidents of Co-ed Independent Houses: Regular meeting with election of officers Tuesday, October 22, at 7 p m in WSGA office. Social activities will be the subject for discussion Please attend or send regular WSGA representative —F,INK.
SCA Members: Credit Union meeting will be held Monday, October 28, at 8.30 p. m. in the Wesley Soundation House. —BELCHER.
Speech 60: Class meeting Tuesday, October 22, at 7:30 p. m. for dress rehearsal. —CARMICHAEL.
Independent Staff: Regular meeting for editorial staff Wednesday, October 23, at 7 :16 p m in PIA office. Be there and get your stringbooks. —SELKOWITZ.
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 23, at 7 p. m in the Home Economics building. —SEARCY.
Wesley Foundation Men’s Class: Meeting of all class officers Tuesday, October 22, at 9 p. m. at the Foundation. —SEARCY.
Ceres: Meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 22 —JOHNSON.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Report to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER. Undergraduate DameS: Rough initiation will be held at the home of Mrs. H S. Gerstung, 140 South Salisbury st., Tuesday, October 22, at 7.30 p. m. All eligible are urged to attend —GERSTUNG.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives, Tuesday, October 22, 7 '30, for election of pledges. Meeting will be held in room 263 of the Union —MONTGOMERY.
Student Senate: All members and workers sign up in Senate office immediately listing free hours for work on Green Potter’s election next Tuesday, October 22. —WALLEY.
WAA Speedball Players: Schedule for the class team games: Freshmen vs. Juniors, Tuesday, October 22, Juniors vs. Sophomores, Thursday, October 24; and Sophomores vs Freshmen, Tuesday, October 29. —STEIGERWALD.
CLOTHES LAST LONGER When Sent to Crown Regularly for Cleaning Our expert skill, painstaking care and years of experience plus thorough cleaning process offer yon the finest cleaning service available. Crown Laundry F I M E C LEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Engineer Staff: All members of both the editorial and business staffs please meet in room 356 of the Union on Wednesday, October 23J It IS important that you be on hand promptly at 7:30 p m McELROY.
DO YOU SMOKE THE CIGARETTE THAT SATISFIES
Tan Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives Tuesday, October 22, at 7 .30 p. m in room 263 of the Union for election of pledges. —MONTGOMERY.
Kappa Delta Pi Pledges: Secure your mimeographed historical material in room 107 of the Education building immediately. There will be a test on this next Thursday, October 24 —MONK.
Radio Club: Meet Tuesday, October 29, instead of Tuesday, October 22 Same program will be presented as planned i —REYNOLDS.
Picture-Takers: All who have interesting pictures taken at Fort Knox this summer number your pictures and leave them in my box in the Armory by Tuesday, October 22. They will be placed on exhibit at the smoker on Wednesday, October 23 —NORQUEST.
LEARN TO DANCE The Arthur Murray Way First' Class Thursday 24th Phone 3063 Bob Bauman Price $1.50 10 Lessons
COOLER...MILDER BETTER-TASTING Chesterfield has all the qualities that smokers like best — that’s why it’s called the SAAOKER’S cigarette. Smoke after smoke and pack after pack, they give you more pleasure. — Chesterfields are made of the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos.
NEW FOR FALL Kuppenheimer Handcrafted Worsteds Durable, crease-holding, yet luxurious-looking. Ideal suits for business wear.
. opinim ofoAen ■whm pu wear }; KUPPENHBIMEl^ •’ Handcrafted Suits • ••
Your best girl, your instructors, your associates —everybody will have a better opinion of you when you wear better clothes — for example, Kuppenheimer suits! Their perfect shoulder balance — the tempering of fine woolens—the masterly handcrafting — all make you look smarter. See the new Kuppenheimer "^les supreme but not extreme”—enjoy the satisfaction of having paid pnly a little more to get much more!
Hart Schaffner & Marx $35.00 Geisler’s Varsity $27.50 to |35,00 Varsity Town $30.00 to $37.50 Clipper Craft ' $25.00 Brookshire $21.50 to $25.00 An Investment in Good Appearance
it
>1^
\
Y>