-*>1
/
'
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Tuesday, October 19, 193^7
NUMBER 31
Dr. Davis To Speak
At Religious Convo
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, of Oaklahd, Cal., well known to University students and faculty members for his inspiring’ talks and sermons on the campus for the last decade, will feature the first Convocation for Worship program of the present academic year, Sunday morning, in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. Lawrence Hadley, chairman of the Purdue religious convocation committee, announced Monday.
Dr. Davis’ first appearance before a Purdue audience was in June, 1926, when he delivered the baccalaureate sermon. So great was his reception that he was called back in March of the following year to deliver five more addresses, three to the student body and two to the townsfolk. His popularity I’eached newer heights, and for six consecutive years. Starting in the fall of 1928, he delivered the principal addresses at the first all-University convocations held each year.
Movie On Eleitric Welding
iii Be Shown In Shops
Movies on “Simplified Design and Reduced Costs Through the Use of Electric Wel(|ing” will be shown tomorow at 7 o’clock in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. A lecture given by J. D. Gordon, who has addressed many groups, will accompany the movies.
The movies will show how increased strength and reduced cost are obtained from the designer’s bench to the finished product.
Catalyst Members Elect New Officers;
Release Pledge List
Catalyst Club, in its first meeting of the year, elected ofiicers for the coming year and announced fall pledges. J. D. Bowman was elected piesident; J. L. Taylor, vice-presi-dent; H. G. Noll, treasurer; H. S. Nolting, secretary.
The pledges are : M. R. Paullus, J. R. Bateman, H. S. Bowen, C. W. Dudding, R. Isenbarger, B. Karnisky, R. J. Purdy, G. F. Roquemore, J. C. Sanders, J. F. Spitler, J. A. Vitale, E. H. Martin, E. G. Nutting, W. J. Devaney, R. W. Hockman, J. R. Favorite, C. W. Gault, and J. M. Lyles, seniors; J. H. Jacobi, A. P. Taylor, and H. Lewis, juniors. ^ A meeting for the formal pledging %ill be held ut the Kappa Sigma fraternity tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock.
or Left-Hander
Joe Sanders
\
Genial orchestra leader, who will bring his well known Nighthawks to the Union ballroom on November
5 for the Military Ball.
Military Ball Ticket
Sale Starts Today
Secrecy Is Keynote Of Research Grant
Secrecy veils the $2,500 grant from a large commercial concern to the Purdue Research Foundation. The bequest will be used under the direction of Professor H. H. Remmers for preliimnary reseaich upon an important problem in indus-trial-social psychology.
The concern itself desires to remain anonymous, and neither it nor the researchers will reveal the nature of the investigation. ^The reason for this, they say, is that tbe actual purpose of the research might be defeated if the general public became acquainted with the purpose of the problem. Two graduate research fellowships are included under this grant in the division of education and applied psychology, one to H. E. Geiger, and the other to John Hancock. These men will use this research material for their doctor’s thesis and will work with Prof. Remmers.
itting Club Garments
Will Be Judged by Expert
Tickets for the Military Ball on November 5 will be on sale today from 4 to 5 o’clock in the cadet officers’ room of the Armory.
They will be available for members of the military corps only at first, but if any tickets remain after Friday they will be released to the general student body. Five hundred and fifty of the pasteboards at $3 each will be placed on sale.
When Sanders brings his famous orchestra to the campus, he will feature his own song styling, as well as the presentations of Jane Kaye. Jane was heard nighty with Sanders at the Blackhawk.
WOMEN STUDENTS OF UNIVERSITY By action of the executive committee, women students attending sessions of the conference on women’s work and opportunities, October 21, may be excused from those classes that they miss by virtue of attendance at the conference. One o’clock classes will not be affected by this ruling. Students are responsible for securing attendance cards and presenting them to their instructors at the first session of class following the conference. DOROTHY C. STRATTON. Dean of Women.
Debris Picture Sittings
Today’s picture sitting schedule can be found in yesterday’s Expo-
WEDNESDAY aJ'TERNOON
nent.
WEDNESDAY MORNING
8:00 8:06 8:10 8:16 8i:20 8:26 8:30 8:36 8:40 8:46 8:60 8:66 9:00 9:06 9:10 9:16 9:20 9:26 9:30 9:86 9:40 9:46 9:60 9:66 10:00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10:20 10:26 10:30 10:36 10 :40 10:45 10:60 10:66 11:00 11:06 11:10 11:16 i.:20 11:26 11:30 11:36
Cpuch, C. W. Cronk, J. H. Darby, L. E. DeMar, J. J. Donnell, EDownes, R. M. Eastburn, Frances Erickson, J. A. Ferguson, J. A. Ferguson, R. S. Feucht, TTieodore Mailath, Cornelia Mailath, Helen Martenet, Dorothy Moore, Edna Fay Parlon, Alice Douglas, Margaret Graham, Margaret Hochstetler, Sara JanouBpk, Jeanne Kungel, Virginia Lewis, Anna McKinsey, Marcia Bendell, Wm. Chamberlain, R, W. Devaney, W. J. Eldridge, Ken E. Masters, Mary Alice Perkins, Jeanne Plank, Muriel Gillespie, Martha Holden, Cue Haltman, Esther Ilgenfritz, Eleanor Jacksbn, Roaelyn Jenkins, Margaret Lewis, Marjorie Cooper, R. S. Gripe, H. C. Crosby, P. M. Dobrowolsky, C. E. Dostal, H, F. Deibsky, P. J. Epp, D. O.
11:40 11:46 11:60 12:60 12:66 1:00 1:06 1:10 1:16 1:20 1:26 1:30 1:36 1:40 1:46 1:'B0 1:65 2:00 2:06 2:10 2:16 2:20 2.26 2:80 2:40 2:45 2:60 2:65 3:00 3:06 3:10 3:16 8:20 8:25 4:00 4:06 4:10 4:16 , 4:20 4:26 4:80 4:36 4:40 4:45 4-60 4:66 6:00
Farrow, Verle Rosentrader, Margaret Vance, D. R. Everett, B. L. Pans, R. P. Farquharson, D. H. Dorlt, D. H. Dana, H. D. Curtner, R. L. Ash, W. E. Howard, Helen Jones, Marion Keeley, Alice Kirtland, Grace Kirtland, Lois Kna;pp, Mary Louise Lennox, Marion McKee, Betty McWilliams, Mattiebelle Martin, Janet Patterson, Dora Mae Price, Alice Hall, Joan Hester, Florence Richard, Virginia Richey, Margaret Sidwell, Virginia Skinner, Rosemary Slocum, Alice Stephens, Georgia Stiles, Jeanne Sutherin, V. G. Thrasher, Thelma Toriello, Mary Fitzgerald, J. P. Ebbeler, H. R. Johnson, R. E. Johnson, W. E* Jones, C. F. Karnes, B. R. Karnisky, B. Katz, B. Kelley, J. Kendall, E. P. Kent, J.
Lord,
. R.
Knitting Club will hold two more meetings before it closes. The next meeting will be held tomorrow at 4 o’clock in room F of the Memorial Union Building, instead of Thursday, as regularly scheduled because of the Women’s Work and Opportunities Conference.
All girls in the contest were asked to bring their knitted garments to see how they are progressing. A representative from Burnett Co. will be present at the meeting and wijl bring about 30 knitted garments for the style show. She will also judge the finished knitted products of the girls.
Flowers Lim i t Stags
At Saturday Dance
Admittance for men to the free Union tea dance on Saturday afternoon will be by flowers only, according to Student Union officials. Each girl will be given two flowers upon entering. She may then give these to two different boys in order to secure then admittance, or may keep one is she so desires. This plan will be tried out in an attempt to eliminate the crowds of stags that have been preesnt at other tea dances. The dance will start in the Memorial Union Building ballroom at 3:30 p. m., and will last to an indefinite time, depending upon the number of people present. If there are but 50 couples on the floor the dance will not continue after 5 o’clock. However, if 150 couples are dancing, the dance music will continue at least to 5:30. A band for the tea dance has not yet been engaged. The tea dance committee especially invites freshmen to attenl the dance.
WSGA Conference Opens
Tomorrow For Two Days
A second conference on “Women’s Work and Opportunities,” under the auspices of the Women’s Self Government Association of the University, opens tomorrow for a two-day session
in the Memorial Union Building.
Following a six o’clock dinner in the faculty lounge, the convention members will adjourn to the ballroom for a general
session which is open to all
Luncheon Today For
Junior, Senior ROTC
Junior and senior ROTC officers will attend a luncheon planned by the Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee today at 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom.
women students. Heading the speakers’ list is Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, University piofessor of management. Other speakers for the two mghts include Dr. Kathryn McHale, University trustee; Mrs. Clara G. Snyder, department of foods and nutrition. Wheat Flour Institute, Chicago; and Dr. Maude Slye, department of pathology, University of Chicago. Following a breakfast in the reception room, Thursday, discussion groups in various rooms will meet simultaneously. Seventeen leaders, guests of the University, will make their appearance before these vari-
is groups.
Co-eds will be excused from their Thursday classes, except one o’clock sessions, was the unanimous approval of the faculty executive committee, at a meeting yesterday.
—TODAY— Cadet Officers’ Luncheon: In the ballroom of the Union Building at 12 noon. Veterinary Short Course: In the Veterinary Building at 1:30 p. m.
Short talks by the new officer. Colonel Blakely and Cadet Colonel Bill Musham will be the center of the program. All the new officers will be introduced also. A trio will round ouF the program. The luncheon will end promptly at 1 o’clock so that none of the cadets will miss class. On October 27, the senior officers will give a smoker for the juniors. Pictures will be shown of Camp Knox showing the camp life and recreation.
EXPONENT BOARD All elected officers of the Exponent Avill meet with faculty advisors of the paper in Agricultural Hall conference room at 5 p. m. Wednesday, October 20. MANION.
Standards Committee Holds Suspense For Unsuspecting English Student
By Elizabeth Abel
“Honestly, I’m just scared to death,” a prominent co-ed rolled her eyes heavenward and exclaimed in her own inimitable manner. “I’ve got a letter from the English Committee; can you imagine it? And me majoring in English with an “A” average in my work! Mr. sent one of my test papers in to the committee. I’d like to see anybody write one of his tests and be careful about English. You don’t even have time to get them finished as it is. What do you suppose they’ll do about it? ^Honestly, it makes me so darned mad.”
But it really wasn’t the instructor’s fault. He hadn’t just picked out a particularly bad paper and sent it in to the Committee on Standards in English because he disapproved of poor English.
As a matter of fact, he probably considered turning the paper in to the committee a nuisance. The committee aims to receive two or more papers from each of the juniors and seniors each semester. Last year it received papers from 100 per cent of the juniors and from 93 per cent of the seniors. The question asked by the co-ed who wias expected to Report atj room 209 in University Hall, the home of the committee, “What do you suppose they’ll do about it,” is naturally the questiop uppermost in the minds of those who receivp letters signed by Professor J. H. McKee, secretary of the committee. The answer is simple. The student will be required to write a 60-min-ute paper in which he proves that
he knows or doesn’t know his English. This paper is graded by; three people. The check, “s” for satisfac tory, “u” for unsatisfactory or “x” for doubtful, given by each grader is not known ^ the other two until the three grades are compared. If the paper'^is doubtful or unsatisfactory, the student is asked to attend the English X class that meets one hour weekly. In this class, the student writes one 50minute paper a week. No outside preparation is necessary. Those who do not do passable work in English X are asked to take English C. The names of the students enrolled in English C are sent to the registrar. If the student’s work is not satisfactory and he is a junior, he cannot enter the senior class until his work in English IS satisfactory. If he is a senior, he cannot graduate until he gets out of English C. At present there are about 42 students in English C. These students receive special instruction. An annoyed ed glared. ‘.‘Listen,” he finally exploded, “I’m no Shakespeaife. What does the English Committee expect anyway?” The committee doesn’t expect a Shakespeare. It does not demand either beautiful words or high literary quality. The papers must be free from the worst errors in punctuation, grammar, and spelling; and they must look as if they were written by adults. That’s all the Committee on Standards in English wants. Very simple. Yes?
Beveridge Tryouts Scheduled For Today
Approximately 150 first year men are expected to try out for the annual Beveridge Public Speaking Contest preliminaries which will be held today in room 301 of the University Hall. All freshmen who have signed up are to report there at four o’clock. ■^Any men who have not yet signed up may do so from 1 to 4 p. m. today at the debate office in the Memorial Union Building. The winner of the Beveridge contest will receive the permanent Ankeny loving cup donated annually by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafyette. Fraternity representatives amassing the greatest point total will temporarily gain poses sion of a cup donated by the same
company.
Six or eight finalists will be cho
will take place in the Thomas Duncan lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building next Thurs
day at 7:30 p. m.
Seventeenth Annual Hort Show to Start Here November 5
Offering numerous prizes in a variety of classes, the seventeenth annual Purdue Horticultural Show will be held November 5, 6, 7 this year. Sponsored by the horticultural department of the University under the direction of students in the horticultural option, the
show is held in the Horticultural Building at the University. A wide variety of ^hibits of fruit, vegetables, and flowers grown and shown by exhibitore come to this show from all over the state and some adjoining states. More than 3,000 people attended the show last year. Those students who are in charge of this year’s show are: W. B. Fisher, manager; J. E. Hymen, premium manager; and R. C. Hoffman, and O. B. McCoy, assistant
managers.
Veterinarians To Convene Here; Discuss Livesiodc Diseases, Animal Problems
Beginning today, veterinarians throughout the state will meet on the University campus for a four day conference to discuss problems relating to animal and livestock dis-
eases.
Speeches for today will be made by Prof. C. W. Carrick, head of the poultry department, L. P. Doyle, of the veterinary department, and several out of town speakers. A discussion of the prevention of
• 4.T. 1 i. ,.1. excessive losses of young pigs and sen to speak in the final contest that . will ir, diseases of hogs will constitute
Potter Entertains Industrial Heads
A number of industrialists from this community were entertained at dinner last night at th^ Memorial Union Building by Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering, in honor of Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the newly created department of general engineering management. “Every engineer should know the human elements of industry and we want this actually to come to pass at Purdue,” said Dean Potter. Short talks were made by President Elliott, Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; H. B. Kahle, new manager of the Lafayette branch of the Aluminum Company of America, Prof. Beese, and various local industrial heads discussiiig various phases of factory management.
Union To Sponsor Reception For EE Faculty Thursday
C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, will meet with his faculty members and students at a reception in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 on^Thursday evening. The reception is an annual affair, given by the Student Union in order to better acquaint students and faculty. The department especially invites freshmen to attend.
the program for tomorrow. Dr. J. L. Axby, state veterinarian, and Dr. J. F. Bulard and Dr. E. E. Van Lone, both of the University, will talk Thursday, after which dinner will be served in the Memorial
Union Building.
Friday will be devoted to clinics on both large and small animals.
Book On French By Prof. Greenfield Widely Adopted
Professor E. V. Greenfield, of the University modern language department, has written a “Brief Summary of French Grammar” and has been successful in introducing the book into 21 Universities and colleges in the United States, including Pennsylvania State College, University of Pennsylvania, Loyola University, University of Washington, and Goucher College. Many prep and high schools have also accepted the book, which is intended as a review to be used at the end .pf the first year, or during the second semester. In additibn to this most recent book, published in tl^e fall of 1935 by the B. C. Heath and Company of Boston, Mass., Professor Greenfield has written “Technical and Scientific French,” and “Parmi Les Conpeurs Modemes.” The latter \ two were published by Ginn and . Company. ^
Playshop Issues Call John Dietrich is calling for tryouts from all persons desiring parts in any major production of Playshop during the coming year, Try-onts will be held at 7:30 p. m, tomorrow and Thursday.r
It
If
i?
if.
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
M EM B tK ^socintrd ^lUfliate '^ress
BEPBESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVtRTlSINO BY NationalAdvertisingServiceJitc. Co//cge Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO BOSTON t-OG ANGELES SAN FRAMCISCO
Editorial Phone 6037 CampuB Subscriptions ?3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subeicriptions $3 50 per year
EDITOR-IN CHIEF .
. R P Mamon
BUSINESS MANAGER .
D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Schroeder October 19, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Torrence
Well, anyway we have a chance to rest this coming week-end After the actions of last Satuiday night, we certainly need a lot of rest.
EXPONENT PLATFORM
Improve student housing conditions Prom^e student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods
or just to freshmen, if you prefer, at a possible cost of one dollar each, while the Kahn test—not so old as the former, but reputedly more sensitive—could be administered at fifty cents per student. )
Thus the entire freshman class could be tested at a cost of $1,000 to $2,000 for materials. Extra work for the health service and extra administrative expense must also be considered.
As usual we find the Kappa Sigs doing the job up right by taking over the Blackhawk. From all reports they had a fine time raising the roof among the several other things they brought with them. Purdue acclaims the manner that Kay Kaiser rendered our honorable loyalty song for us.
Educate The Freshmen, Test The Seniors
U. S. Surgeon General Thomas Parran is certainly getting cooperation from college students in his nationwide fight against venereal diseases. Publicity on the horrors of syphilis and gonorrhea has aroused the students of more than one campus to action.
Is it worth that much money and effort to find out that not a student m the freshman class is infected with syphilis ? We think not. There are ways in which the money can be put to better use.
Not to be outclassed by the Kappa Sigs, the Phi Psi’s, 21 couples strong invaded the Edgewater Beach Hotel
Last week’s news report from the National Student Federation of America tells of the adoption of compulsory Wasserman tests (for detection of the syphilis spirochete) for entering students at two universities and of campaigns for their installation at two other institutions.
And chances are not one of our new stu dents—one or two at the most—would give a positive reaction to a test for syphilis. Some three hundred student restaurant workers and other student handlers of food stuffs suWitted to Wasserman tests, as spe cified by law, at the University health serv ice last year, and not a trace of the dread spirochete was detected.
Along with all of the major parties being held up-town we find that several small private parties were held throughout the Chicago realm. Without a doubt the talk being tossed around about the party Phi Psi Jack Bailey gave tops them all.
These tests are administered in connection with the general health examination, and the results of all tests'are kept confidential. Any student having syphilis is merely required to receive treatment as specified by law.
Another objection we harbour in connec tion with compulsory examinations for venereal diseases is that any of the tests merely detect the presence of syphilis at the time of taking, and afford absolutely no protection. A student might be pronounced free of ssrphilis and might contract the disease on the same day.
At the University of California at Los Angeles, the Daily Bruin is campaigning for adoption of the Wasserman tests with the hope public funds can be obtained to finance them. Students at the University of Kansas are pushing a similar campaign.
Now if the entire citizenry of Lafayette and West Lafayette and University students were tested within a comparatively short period of time, the results would undoubted ly prove worthwhile. We cannot, however see the value of testing only part of the people of a city.
New students at the University of Oklahoma are already faced with compulsory Wasserman tests as a part of their health examination. And the Lobo, University of New Mexico newspaper, reports with pride that half of the freshmen class there have received the Wasserman test so far this fall without one positive reaction.
Our health service gives free Wasserman or Kahn tests to students who request them. Results do not justify the compulsory examinations, particularly for freshmen.
This last statement, however, is just one good reason for not requiring college students, especially freshmen, to submit to tests for syphilis.
If money for a battle against venereal dis eases is available, it can be spent well in edu eating the freshmen in social hygiene Scarcely too much emphasis can be placed on this heretofore weak spot in University education.
Dr. S. J. Miller, director of Purdue’s student health service, says the Wasserman test could be given to all University students.
-So we suggest the freshmen be educated in the manner in which these diseases are contracted, in ways of avoiding them, and in their treatment. Then, if money must be spent in compulsory examinations for syphi lis, test the seniors.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley
A “Hitch-Hikers’ Time Table” has been written by George Tomas, an instructor at Pennsylvania State College, in order to help “thumbers” to keep their dates—and keep them promptly! The time-table tells the best hours to “flag,” the distance between various cities, and the length of time the journey will probably take
Earnest pupils in London are learning by lamp light in evening classes run by the County Council We marvel at the scope of these classes.' It’s only one academy in a million whose syllabus includes such diverse subjects as heraldry and bee-keeping, Gaelic and mosaic work, or such studies as park administration or acquanum managing. On the whole these classes come near forming an ideal university. The fees are low, they are open to all (in the full meaning of the phrase), and they allow a man to make his way in learning for as long as he pleases, without preventing him from making his way in a profession
“No matter how you spell them or what you call them, they’re still freshmen caps” declare irate Northwestern University males in referring to the popular skull caps known as “calots ” This expostulation reveals the indignance of the masculine element as Northwestern co-eds continue stealing their thunder First it was plaid shirts, then the collegiate beer jackets, and now the freshman’s “badge of honor”-— the green cap. And the worst of it is that not only freshmen women but
all classes, even seniors, are sporting the new “calots ”
The University of Texas claims the distinction of having the only self-supporting student union in the country
What, Where, When?
Sunday, to those of you who didn’t go to Northwestern, we issued the advice that young ladies must speak first on the street, in a public vehicle, or at public gatherings. It has been suggested that today we enlarge on the subject “how great an acquaintance should one have before speaking.” We suggest that it isn’t safe to lay down a law about it When you are singing at a New York night club and still wish to maintain certain standards of your upbringing you will be forced to be lonely because the people whom you meet at such amusement places are seldom like your Hoosier friends back home At Puidue things are different A casual atmosphere is the very basis of campus life Often when you appioach a classmate you know instinctively that he wants to speak. Unless you have definite objections, be democratic and speak. Here we all probably know and speak to people whom we have never “met,” while we unavoidably forget people to whom we are formally introduced
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
^IRLEY MORE GLORIOUS THAN you HAVE 5,^ever known , ID the picture you wcniesf ht«r to
Today — Tomorrow
WE'RE PUTTINR ON THE RITZES and they’re puffing ono riot I
TODAY — TOMORROW
LUMA
The first liar hasn’t a chance is very old stuff, but then in this case it will no doubt work again. It seems that both the Kappa Sigs and Phi Psis will have to bow to the Pi Kappa Phi men who had original claim and also the strongest claim on the Edgewater Beach Hotel on Friday night. The Pi Kaps 24 couples nearly mobbed the master of ceremony as he began to play up the victory that Northwestern was to claim over Purdue the following day.
‘This policy insures you against valuable time lost in listening to salesmen trying to sell you insurance.”
We couldn’t very well put out an entile column without a small bit of romance in it This tang is offered with Bill Schipley showing Trena Torrenga, Val’s Union stooge the tall buildings in Chicago. Well, at least they told Val they saw the tall buildings. Wheee'
’Twas m a restaurant that they met Romeo and Juliet, He had no money to pay the debt, So Romeo’ed what Juliet.
Did you ever see so many wrecks on one road in all your life? It seems that Jack Berry, Burly With ers, and Bill Wright were among those unfortunate people to find themselves off of route 52 and into a farmer’s cow pasture. Nothing like a good side excursion, especially in the pouring rain. What these Phi Kappa Sigma fellows go through for a week-end away from Purdue!
Intramural Tennis
Nears Cwpletien
ment unfinished In the senior-faculty tourney, Morse and Brodsky clash, with Blitz and Richardson meeting for the junior class championship Berg, a finalist in the all-campus and freshman tourneys last spring, will attempt to break his unlucky streak when he meets Frye in sophomore finals.
Threci championship matches, scheduled for today in the intramural tennis tournaments, practically finish up that sport for the year, with only the all-campus tourna-
• th® Purdue Exponent
Service - Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Shoe Repair —
)
BOSSUNG Shoe Repi^ir Shop
in the
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclnsive assortment of eorsaaes available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
— Locksmith
“C” CARTER
f«»r Keys — Locks — General Repairine Bicycle Rentals and Repalrina Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Dine —
JUjudifUL
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
— Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream
and Candy
Glatz's Confectionery
Main ond Sixth Sta.
TODAY-TOMORROW
double feature
WILLIAM POWELL LOUISE RAINER
“The Emperor’s Candlesticks” —and— FRED MacMURRAY FRANCES FARMER CHARLIE RUGGLES
“EXCLUSIVE’
ARC
HELD OVER! TODAY - WEDNESDAY
PURDUE ROTC and PURDUE BAND In Action
Plus
HOOT GIBSON in “Riding Avenger”
TODAY - WEDNESDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
JEAN'S 6REATEST ROLE!
The All American Chump! Small MY"
FIRST RUNA'i
Tuesday. October 19. 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Athletic Schedule Reveals Weak Bill Of Fare;
Bodeau Will Face Stiff Competition Saturday
A resume of Purdue’s athletic schedule for the week reveals a very meager bill of fare for the avid Boilermaker fans who so far this year have been treated to an. array of courses every week. Grid Squad Inactive ' The football squad, which has been drawing a number of students every week by playing comparatively near Lafayette, will take this week-end off and gather strength and polish for the last home encounter of the year with Iowa the following week. Purdue’s “B” team will also be inactive so that the only spot of activity on the weekly record is the cross country meet with Indiana on Saturday. Having split their first two contests and boasting a .500 average, Coach Phillips’ harriers will be out to down their traditional rivals. Bodeau Faces Test This will be the acid test for Art Bodeau, who carried off first place honors in both of the previous races and who will be up against the stifFest opposition in the country in the form of the Crimson squad.
Bad Weather Delays Track Schedule; Early Season Will Close Next Week-End
Because of poor weather prevailing for the last few days, the schedule for fl,ll track has fallen behind. The finals for the mile relay and high jump, which usually take two or thr^e days j;o run off, will therefore all be completed this afternoon. Wednesday will find fall track back on schedule witk the 220 shuttle hurdle relay and the shot put. Fall track will be completed the end of next week.
Sports Work Schedule
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS —TODAY— J. C. Woodson vs. R. W. Anderson Curry vs. Monger
Senior-Faculty Morse vs. Brodsky—Championship.
Junior Blitz vs. Richardson—Championship.
Wednesday—McDonald, junior; Tillsom, sophomore; Chase, Dolan, Collings, freshmen. Thursday—Brown, junior; Soderstrom, Qualls, Jenkins, Bown, sophomores; Ganzar, Weijola, Doty, and Skelton, freshmen. Friday—Witwer, junior; Jenkins, Tillson, Collins, sophomores; Weijola, Collings, freshmen. Saturday — McDonald, junior; Sheeks, sophomore; and Van Hook, freshman.
Sophomore Berg vs. Frye—Championship.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square \ Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
New Cues—
You can always find a cue that will just suit you - - and if you are a regular customer it will be reserved for you. Reconditioned Tables We can honestly say that our equjpment is in the / best condition possible--new cushions, new covers. ^ Instructors in the BILLIARD ROOM will give free instructions to those who wish to improve their game. JhL fijindusL TnmufdaL UnJmL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
PRACTICE TOUCHBALL GAMES —TODAY—
Field
1— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Beta Sigma
Psi—Beck.
2— Beta Theta Pi y^. Delta Tau
Delta—Juillaid,
3— Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi
Alpha—Caparaso.
4— Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Chi.
—Smithson.
5— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau—Troyer. 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi—Boyer. 7— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Nu
—Kerber.
8— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi 'Pi Phi—Wallace.
fielder’s choice
If four of last Saturday’s games had ended at the half we would have scored a thousand per cent in our game forecasts instead of but 500 per cent, and we all would be much gayer . . . last week we said Purdue would be on top when the game ended . . . well, they were in first downs and yards gained, but that isn’t of much help when one thinks of the way Northwestern stopped the Boilermakers right on the goal line in the fourth* quarter. —^fc— Jefferson of Northwestern was
the outstanding man of the team, making constant gains through the Purdue line and doing good blocking and defensive work . . , His one bad mistake was letting Zachary receive Cec’s pass for Pardue’s one touchdown.
-fc-
Although the Boilermakers came out on the wrong end of the score they played a much improved game over the one against Carnegie Tech . . . During the fiist half the team looked good, but that ended it . . . in the second half it took the understudies to put on the drive and get the ball within striking distance and then they were taken out . —^fc—
Lou Brock seems to be the man that provides the flash to Purdue’s attack . . , against Carnegie Tech
he ran 25 yards for a tovuMown . . . last Saturday he made a 9iuf« liar run to pot the ball in position for Isbell’s pass to Zachary for the touchdown. —fe— Sunday afternoon we went to the Drake and saw an exhibition game of>^ badminton between the Pacific Coast champion and Jess Willard, the world champion ... we have always thought the game rather slow with the “birds” being lobbed back and forth across the net but with those two men playing it was as exciting and as fast as any football, basketball, or tennis match ever played.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
we realize, is essential in our day and age; nevertheless, SAFE speed should only be maintained when your car is mechanically perfect.
Let us see to it that your car is kept in this condition.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
24 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
POSTth/s
II I I
El'
I, s \ >
T TERE at last .^fiesofthe A.E.E* and cart aiost amusing ® i^aiset fro® , ^ men a crazy plot to as a gifr- residence, what
the post.
feyt. **• _
ISHIiMTSEIf _ -and every ni^t I dream the same thing. Has someone
hypnotized me?''An eccentric Pmrot a strange case, so strange M.
Then a week later things happen-at 3:28...
C daidat mystery
Who ^bo vfe, ^ ^Qse
Chen a week later things happen-at 3:28... A NEW HERCULE POIROT MYSTERY
The Dream
^ go,,
, The Dream
by AGATHA CHRISTIE
AND IN THE SAME ISSUE A DRAMA OF THE FOREIGN LEGION. thing in the world but her boy. By Captain Cormier and Convict No. Margaret Weymouth Johnson.
1X81 fight it out. Read The Highest
~ - - - MARIE CURIE—MY MOTHER. The most
dramatic chapter in her life story, by
Eve Curie.
A DRAMA OF THE FOREIGN LEGION. Captain Cormier and Convict No. 1X81 fight it out. Read The Highest
Stakes by Georges Surdez.
FEUD FOLLOWED BY PICNIC SUPPER. That’s what Edgar ran into that week in the bayou. A new brand of comedy and a new author in Edgar and the Dank Morass bv Georee Sessions
rcuu ruLLuwtu nr riuriiu suri'fcK. [ — ".7
That’s what Edgar ran into that week Curie.
in Ae bayou. A new brarid of comedy p^us new chapters in AUce Duer and a new author m^^ar and rAe filler’s dramatic novel, AND ONE Dank Morass by George ^ssions WAS BEAUTIFUL. And the James War-
ner Bellah South Seas mystery, SEVEN
THE DAFT MARE . . . The story of a MUST DIE ... Articles . .. Editorials woman who was sensible about every- ... Humor ... Cartoons.
'mmF
r ^ -j/ ' ' >%. r** 'n-. ■'A
/
nBmimpHv
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Tuesday, October 19, 1937
Special Ticket Block Reserved For Dads Eleven thou'^and tickets in a special block have been leserved for dads coming: to the lova game The Student Union uiges students to lemembei this vhen viiting to then dads of the coming Dads’ day progiam on Octobei dO Although the da\ s piogiam has not hi(.11 completed, theie vill be a pie ginu hincliton in th( Union Building at 11 43 and a Dads’ smo kei at 7 ^0 in the e^enlng Uiateinlt^ houses amU also have special Dads da^ pi ogianis in the evening Gaim tickets and luncheon tickets V 11 Inlh go on sale in the Union lobln next veck The puce of each has not yet been finally decided up on In the Dads’ day committee Greek Cross Country Meet Heads Week's |-M Sport Program Fiateinity cioss countiy will occupy the spotlight in intiamuial spoits this week, vith the annual lace scheduled for Thuisday Three Men Count The lace will be ovei a two and a half mile course, thiee times aiound Intramuial Field, and points foi the team tiophy will be counted on the basis of the fiist thiee men finishing foi each fraternity Although only three men will count points foi each team, foui may start if that many show up Last yeai’s race was taken by the SPEs who weie trailed by the SAEs and Phi Delts in second place The time of 13 49 was somewhat short of the fiateimty lecoid of Jl3 23 5 set in 1924. Trophy The foul membeis of the winning team will be awarded gold medals, with the fiaternity getting a trophy* of a lunning figure on a pedestal. If the winning man is not a member of the winning fraternity team, he will also receive a medal. In the past there have been from 75 to 125 men competing, depending on the weather, and at least as large a turnout can be expected again for the race.
SOFTBALL —TODAY— Diamond ' 1—Ward 11a vs. Waid lOx 5—Ward 6 vs Ward 13. 8—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 2x. 10—Ward 4 vs. Ward 10. 12—Ward 5 vs. Ward 11. 14— Ward 12 vs Cary Hall 1 15— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Delta Upsilon—Mangas, umpire 16— Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5 17— Delta Chi vs Sigma Chi—Igney, umpire. 18— Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 8.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF —TODAY— Goldstein 70 vs. Haller-82. Richardson-86 vs. Puryear-80. Hoffer-76 vs Evers-85 McDonel-89 vs Gunn-81. Qualifying scores given beside name. Tuesday and Wednesday to play off the first lound at match play.
Tuesday, October 19 11:00—The Dentist Says. 11:15—Home Builders. 11- 30—Catherine Shearer, contralto 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12.00—Jo Friend, with popular tunes. 12- 15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Russ, Bob, and Martha 12:45—Tom Stevenson baritone 1:00—Journalism Today, Prof. Hugh McKee. 1.15—^Electrical Shop, Prof. Topping. 1:30—Birth of the News 1:45—Market and Weather Reports 2;00—^Story Time. 2:16-—Metal Shops, Prof. J. D Hoffman. 2:30—^You and Your Child, Speech Clinic. 2:46—^Treasure Chest, John Dietrich. 3:00—^Your Radio Reporter. 3;16—^Ivah Swaynie, soprano. 8:30—Melody Time.
Famous Cancer Specialist To Talk Before Conference Among the women attending the Second Confeience on Women’s Woik and Oppoitunities Thursday, Di Maud Slye of the depaitment of pathology is consideied one of the most famous Di Slye will be in West Lafayette only long enough to address the Wednesday evening session of the confeience on “Fiontieis in Science ” An oiiginal leseaichei in cancel, Di Slye was pictuied in Life of Maich 5 as one of 13 leadeis in cancel leseaich as a membei of of the Assoc’ation foi Cancel Reseaich Di Slye has been paiticulaily inteiested m the heieditaiy aspects of cancel and towaid discoveiy of an answei to the baffling question “Is cancel heieditaiy"^”, she has worked for sometime with mice In lewaid for her sei vices in pathology, and moie paiticularly in cancel woik, Di Slye has leceived gold medals fiom the American Medical Association and the North Ameiican Radiological Society Battery Swimmers To Compete October 28 Thirty-two battery teams will compete in the Corps swimming meet to be held in the Memorial Gymnasium pool on October 28 at 7pm The following events aie scheduled 40 yard free style, 100 yaid flee style, 100 yard backstroke, 100 yard breaststioke, and 220 yard free style Diveis will have to do four required dives First, second, third, and fouith places will leceive 5, 3, 2, and 1 points lespectively Regimental and battalion athletic officers will be piesent to act as the timers and officials The pool will be available for piactice aftei 4 pm.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and lepaued. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Mam street.
Many lesponsible manufacturers aie seeking new lines of pioducts to supplement their present line of productions. We are interested in receiving suggestions. Have you an aiticle to offei ’ In your reply state cleaily the nature and puipose of your aiticle, material used, has the aiticle been patented or is it patentable, what investigations have you made foi the puipose of pioving the economical necessity for the aiticle you have to offei ’ If we aie mteiested in the article you have to offei, we will communicate with you, otherwise no leply will be made to youi letter Address- Wisconsin Manufacturers’ Association, First Central Bldg, Madison, Wisconsin
the Indiana State Teachers Association piay purchase them in room 203 of the ]KdUcation Building —McCOMB.
Riding 6lnb Members may ride individually at specified hours by signing in office —HARPER
Co-eds Tickets for vocational guidance banquet on sale at Union desk —LEAMDSTG
YWCA Literature Group Meet in YWCA office October 19 at 4 p m —LEAMING
WAA- Transfer students may have WAA points transferred See Mary Ellen Dela plane —DELAPLANE
Pi Tau Sigma Meeting October 19 at 7 p m in room P of the Union Building —COX
ART CLASSES—Monday eve mng 7 to 9 p m , Saturday after noon, 2 to 4 p m Director, Roma Harlan of Lafayette Art Museum 50c a lesson, 12 lessons for $5 Phone 56671
WANTED—STUDENT TO SELL SMOKING PIPES—Inlaid with silvei letters of school and fraternity Large commissions R M Lynch, 729 Sansam street, Philadelphia, Pa
WANTED —• Student laundry Shirts 10c, pajamas 15c, shorts 3c Phone 75152
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.ni.
Womens Bowling Sign up for tournament in the Union office before October 19 —CROSSMAN
WAA Hockey Regular class practices everyday until October 23 when class teams will be announced Each girl must have eight practices —DOBSON
Faculty Members: Members of the faculty and others who wish membership tickets m
Faculty Those dcsning State Teachers Association tickets may purchasf them in loom 203 Education Building starting Octiber 19 -HALL
Union Sophomores Will all mtmbeis of my committee please meet in the work loom it 4 P m Octobei 19 —TAYLOR
Scabbard and Blade Meeting of all mem bers Octobei 30 at 7 p m in room D of the Union Building —BAALS
Debris Staff All members meet in Debris office at 4 15 p m October 19 Picnic will be held at WAA cabin and will cost 26 cents —GEORGE
Kappa Delta Pi Meeting October 19 at 8 o clock has been postponed ^ —BYRD^
ASME Members October issue of Me-
chanical Engineering may be obtained from Eddie at the instrument room of the Mechanical Laboratory —WOLVERTON
Bridge Enthusiasts: Sign up for free bridge lessons in the Union office any tilne before October 21 First lesson will be October 21 at 7 15 p m in the game room of the Union Building —MATTHEWS
Military Ball Committee Meeting at 4 o’clock Octobei 20 in cadet officers room —EMRICK
Christian Foundation Students Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation to be held October 30 are now on sale Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale —CRISS
Union Sophomores My committee leport to the Union office at 4 p m October 19 Impoitant —TURNER
Union Sophomores Report to Union office at 1 p m October 19 WOOD EASrBURN CROSSMAN
Student Senate Following committee chairman membeis please leport at 4 p m October 19 in the Sen ite office for a short meeting Cooper Schumacher Jacobi Eckstein Keck Iischbuin Ahrens Fatout and Elliott —ROHYANS
Student Senate Meeting October 19 at 7 30 in room A of the Union Building -ROHYANS
Union Sophomores My committee will meet in Union office at 4 p m October 19 > —MATTHEWS
Knitting Club Meeting changed to Octo her 20 at 4 p m in room F Contestants bung their knitting —WOOD
Union Sophomores* My committee report to the Union office at 4 o clock October 19 —WOOD
Cches: Meeting at 8 15 p m October 19 in Memorial Union Building instead of 7 30 —ZIEGLER
WAA Riffle Practice. October 19 6 16 p m Ward 2 7pm Alpha Xi Delta ,7 46 p m , WRH South 8 30 p m Malce-up There will be no rifle practices October 20 or 21 The gills who aie scheduled for these nights may shoot at 7 or 8 30 p m tonight —CHRISTENSON
Gilder Club Woik session October 19 at 7pm for Jaiiett Frame Williams and Hiichort —MORGAN
Purdue Student Alliance Important business meeting for reorganization October 20 7 30 p m room B of the Union Building All members please attend —BUCKLES
PSA Executive committee meeting Octobei 19 at 7 p m All officers and committee heads please report at thud floor of libraiy —BUCKLES
WAA Fencing Piactice October 20 at Women s Gym 4pm —DANIEL
Union Sophomores. R B Reed, J W Ashton L G Drabing, S Peterson H W Heubner H C Schryver A J Golden W R Ourand G W Kuhn R F Hastings, Ruth Zimmerman, M F Oliver, M J. Larimore, L Schickler, M Alter Committee meeting at 4 p m October 19 in Union tower loom —GARLAND
Playshop Any person desiring pait in major productions foi the coming year try out at 7 30 p m October 19 and 20 —DIETRICH
ONLY Crown gives your clotlies this protection CROWN has the exclusive franchise in Lafayette for the use of MONITE moth proofing. Monite moth proofing process insures your clothes against moth damage for six months or until cleaned again. No extra charge. Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
'mfs ^ourpick fwtheMi-mm.
's a cm
*m^Paul
. Im 100% rtgkh
With smokers in every part of the country Chesterfields stand ace high. It’s a cinch they’ve got what smok^ ers like. You’ll find them milder,,, you’ll enjoy that Chesterfield taste.
esterfiel
...jAce oft 'hem all fir MILDNESS and'ViSm
Copyright 1937. Lkwbtt «c Myers Tobacco Co.