Approval For...
Gov. M. Clifford Townsend . . . the University’s campaign against venereal diseases was expressed by Governor M. Clitford Townsend last week in a letter to Exponent Editor R. P. Manion. The governor’s commendation followed the completion of Purdue’s Social Hygiene Week, sponsored jointly by Exponent and the Student Health Service. Governor Townsend’s letter, in part, reads: “I ant glad to know that the Purdue Exponent and Purdue’s Student Health Service are cooperating in a general educational program in venereal diseases. “We believe in state government that it is important for the people to realize fully the problem of venereal disease control. Education is the only medium to overcome the handicaps of prudery and ignorance. Venereal disease is not a disgrace. It is a disease and should be treated as such. “You should regard your campaign as a real contribution to the health and happiness of those attending Purdue University.” On the day befoi'e “Wasserman Night” at the University, Dr. Verne K. Harvey, director of Indiana’s State Board of Health, congratulated the Exponent and Health Service for their active interest toward eradicating venereal diseases. Tests For Frosh Said he, “It would be a very desirable thing if freshman students could have a Wasserman test included in their medical examination upon entrance into the University. “Such a blood test would not only benefit the students and the University but would lend a great deal of weight and influence, from the educational standpoint, to the rest of the citizens.” Ag Seniors Guests At Annua! Alumni, Faculty Banquet Ninety-one ag seniors basked in the hospitality of broth’er grads last night as 179 faculty members and ag alumni entertained at the 11th annual alumni-faculty-senior dinner in the Home Economics cafeteria. Toastmaster Prof. Leroy Hoffman of the extension staff, engineered the affair, introducing both students and graduates. Student representatives Tom Graham and Wayne Fisher .spoke in behalf of the honored senior's, introducing classmates occupying conspicuous campus leadership and activity posts. Alumnus Speaks Alumnus Prof. I. L. Baldwin, Ag. ’18, now assistant dean of the University of Wisconsin College of Agriculture, presented the main address of the evening. Speaking on “What Agriculture Can Ekpect from the Agricultural College Graduate,” he pointed out that democracy is more or less dependent upon the future of agriculture.. He further emphasized the need today for thrift, industry, and cooperation, rather than too much faith, hope, and charity. Prominent ag alumni occupying places on the program were Dean of Agriculture J. H. Skinner, Dean of Men 'M. L. Fisher, Alumni Secretary Eth Baugh, and Assistant Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman. Also attending were Board of Trustees chairman David Ross and Dean of Science H. E. Enders. Speaking for the Ag Alumni Association, Roscoe Fraser spoke of association membership, outlining activities and opportunities thaUthe organization affords Purdue men.
Purdue Exponent
tOESDAY April 5, 1938 Lofoyetfe, Indiana VOL. 49 Mo, 145
225 Students Take Wasserman Test In Successful Social Hygiene Week About 225 Uni\^ersity students participated in “Wasserman Night” at the Student Health Service in the climax to the University’s Social Hygiene Week immediately preceding spring vacation, Health Director S. J. Miller announced yesterday afternoon. Of this number, syphilis tests for one student gave a positive reaction through the entire series of Kline, Wasserman, and Kahn blood examinations.
Cabaret Hop To Feature
Elliott Discusses World
Style Show Problems In Louisville
Anether Night Planned Another “Wasserman Night is being planned for some time before the close of this semester. Dr. Miller said. Other additional work of his department this week makes an immediate repetition of the program too burdensome. Student Health Service remained open from 7 to 10 p. m.—until the blood tests had been taken from all students v/ho reported—on that Friday night. Twenty or 25 of the 225 students who submitted to the Wasserman test were University co-eds. Thousands See Films Dui’ing the four days before “Wasserman Night,” films on venereal diseases were shown to University men and women — staff piembers and students—and to other visitors at nine different presentations. Several thousand persons saw the motion pictures. Bringing to the campus films on social diseases and giving free Wasserman tests to students have been a part of the Student Health Service program during the past three 01- four years. Tests 500 This year the department has tested almost 500 students altogether. Three, or 0.6 per cent, of these l eceived positive reactions. Exponent cooperated with the Health Service in sponsoring the week’s program. Ice Cream Short Course Will Convene Here Today Problems in production and sale of ice cream will be discussed at a three-day conference for superintendents, managers, and others in charge of ice cream plants of the state, at the University today, tomorrow and Thursday. The short course will be under the direction of the dairy department with members of the teaching and research staffs in charge of the in-sti-uction. Several men who have been highly successful in the commercial field will appear on the program, and discuss subjects in which they have specialized. A number of laboratory sessions, in which those taking the course actually will do the work, will be a feature of the confei’ence. YWCA Cabinet Petitions Due Tomorrow At 4 p. m. “Girls interested in YWCA cabinet positions for 1938-39 should .see Miss Coolidge or Dorothy Bryant soon, and get their petitions in by 4 p. m. tomorrow,” said Betty Klein, president of YWCA. “They should be active in YWCA work, and they should specify what interest group they desire to be in, in their petition. Any member of the freshman, sophomore, or junio]class may seek office,” Miss Klein explained. Members will be announced Thursday morning. Dr. Lark-Horovitz... . . . head of the physics department, has been invited to speak on the program of the first congress on the chemistry of wood, an international meeting on timber utilization, which will be held in Vienna in July. Dr. Lark-Horovitz, who is a native of Vienna, will send hi6 paper on the research work he has done foi’ presentation at the meeting. Exponent Board Exponent’s electoral board—senior officers and faculty advisers— will meet in the Agricultural Experiment Station conference room at 4:46 p. m. Thursday, April 7. —MANION.
Universify Choir To Give Programs On Three Day Tour Under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, the University’s concert choir 'Will leave on a three-day concert tour beginning April 8. On Friday, the choir will give a half hour program at the noon luncheon meeting of the Executives’ Club in the Hotel Sherman in Chicago. From Chicago the group will journey to West Allis, Wis., where they will sing from memory, the sacred cantata, “The Seven Last Words of Christ” by Dubois. This program will be sponsored by four churches in Milwaukee and West Allis, and will be presented at the United Presbyterian Church of West Allis. Sing For Purdue Dads Saturday evening the choir will be in Chicago to entertain the Purdue Dads’ Association of Chicago at their supper meeting in Henrici’s Restaurant on Randolph Street. Sunday night the group will give a full evening’s program of sacred music for St. Paul’s Union Church, at 94th St., and Winchester Ave., in Chicago. The group of 26 members and the following will make the trip in a chai'tered bus: Richard P. Thornton and Rosemary Robinson, accompanists; Paul F. Worcester, choir manager; and Morey J. Doyle, piano soloist. Albert P. Stewart, choir director and Mrs. Stewart will chaperon the trip. Gold Peppers Name Twenty-Two Pledges Pledges to Gold Peppers, junior co-ed activity honorary, were announced at the Gold Peppers dance held Friday before vacation in the Union ballroom. Those who pledged wei'e: Helen Conver, Mary Cooley, Phyllis Crossman, Betty Elstun, Pauline George, Peggy Hamilton, Betty Hiner, Georgianna Huber, Margaret Jones, Dorothea Justin, Betty Klein, Mary Jane Laramore, Mary Alice Learning, Sally McKee, Kathryn Merritt, Georgianna Pittman, Betty Jo Sexton, Mary Townsend, Eleanor Turner, Mary Wein, Martha Whitehead, and Martha Wood.
Gray Gordon and his band, coming directly from the Merry Garden Ballroom in Chicago, 111., will play for the Third Annual Cabaret Style Show Dance which will be presented by the Student Union in the Memorial Union Building ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m. Friday.' Originator otf tick-tock rhythm, Gordon and his band were recently at the Chase Hotel in St. Louis, Mo., and have also broadcast nightly over the NBC network. In addition to his unusual style of syncopation, Gordon’s band features three vocalists, Betty and Shirley Lane, and Curley Van. Ticket Sale Today Tickets will go on sale at $2 each today from 4 to 5:30 p. m., in the lobby of the Union Building. Bill Millholland, Union vice-president, stated last night that only one ticket will be sold to each student. The dance is open to all students, and the sale of the 150 available tickets will be continued on successive afternoons until all tickets are sold. Strictly formal, the dance will be in cabaret style with tables surrounding the dance floor. Corsages will be furnished by the Student Union at the door, and soft drinks will be served. Entertainment will be provided in the form of a combined men and women’s style show. All arrangements are under the direction of the Student Union. Conference For Plant Managers ill Be April 15 “Time and Motion Studies,” will be the subject of a one day conference sponsored by the general engineering and engineering extension departments which will be held at the University on Friday, April 15. This conference has been designed for plant managers, superintendents, engineei's and others connected with time and motion studies. C. S. Graigmile, Chicag’o, vicepresident of the Beldon Mfg. Company, will discuss the subject in an industrial relations program, and H. J. Wilson, of the Borg-Warner Corp. at Muncie, will speak on Time Study Standards and the Control of Labor Costs.” A. B. Segui', of the company bearing his name in Oak Park, 111., will discuss “Selling a Motion Study Program to Employees.” Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, Montclair, N. J., professor of management at the University, will speak on “Motion Study as an Element in the Management Pi'ogram.” Inquiries regarding the conference may be addressed to C. W. Beese, head of the general engineering department at the University.
Vacation Secrets, Joys Are Exposed By Prying Scribe
By Dorothea Justin “What did you do over vacation ?” prize subject for conversation on the campus yesterday, was answered in many ways. Most comments included statements about eating and sleeping, and the gorgeous home town beloved. Don Baals, editor of the Engineer, sounded off with, “Great time. Out every night. My high school won the state championship.” He puffed up visibly at this. “And of course, I gave her a break!” 7 Days Of Sleep Other men in the office in the Union gurgled at this, and offered opinions. Fred Ganger, proof reader for the magazine, smiled. “I spent seven days in bed, and woke up to worry about proof.” Bill Prechter,‘junior electrical engineer who went home to Green Bay Wis., just “ate and slept and set,” but iinanaged to stir enough to play one “pretty good game of tennis.” “Playing golf, going to parties, and sleeping took my time,” laughed Loon Jacobson, flicking a bit of dust off his coat to show he didn’t mind
By Hugh Morri.s
Exponent Mana(?inK Editor 19.'?6-3T
Louisville, Ky,, April 4.—“The real contest during the next decade will be between the conservatives, who want the world put back where it was before the depression, and the conservationists, who desire thht the world be put forward where it should be because of the world depression,” Dr. Edward C. Elliott, President of Purdue University said here tpday.
Speaking to the student body of the University of Louisville at the school’s annual Founders’ Day pro-gi-am. Dr. Elliott asserted that the “paramount problem before this and all other nations is that of justice of the economic and political rela-
tions of men.” 4 D’s of Destiny
Referring to what he called the great D’s of destiny; debt, dependenry, doubt, and disarmament. Dr. Elliott declared, “You cannot serve as conservationists unless you know the meaning and causes of the great D’s, and know how to resolve the doubts, relieve the dependency, reduce the common indebtedness, and resist despoilers of freedom.”
Groups
loo much, coming back to give Purdue a break. Lets Air From Tires Johnnie Favinger, sophomore, “Irishman from Albion,” helped Ft. Wayne celebrate the state championship. “Someone lit a fire on the courthouse lawn, and while the fire engines were putting it out, we let the air out of the engine’s tires!” “Co-ed choruses, ed and co-ed singers, and, other Waa-Mu talent entertained Don Terrio, Exponent sophomore, on his big night at the Northwestern University non-alco-holic night club, “Pop and Ernie’s.” Sponsored spasmodically by the freshmen-sophomore class council the Saturday night celebration was open by reservation only plus $1.35, Terrio remarked. 30 Hear Goodman “Purdue alumni and I took over the Manhattan room one night last week,” glowed Frank Schafer, New York native and mechanical engineer. “There was a group of about 30, and we got Benny Goodman and his band going. They swung ‘Hail Purdue’ three times!”
Metallurgy, Chem
Leave On
Inspection Trips As a part of their regular training courses, 102 chemical and "metallurgical engineering students'of the University left here Sunday and yesterday on a one week inspection trip of industrial plants. Two groups left by train Sunday for a visit of eastern plants. One group, led by Prof. C. L. Lovell and comprised of 30 chemical engineers, will visit industrial plants in Buffalo, Niagara Falls, New York City, -and Rochester in New York, Baltimore and Wilmington, Del.; and
Washington, D. C.
Visit Industrial Plants The itinerary of the other group, which is led by E. C. Miller and is made up of 24 metallurgical engineering students, includes industrial plants in Buffalo, Niagara Falls, Watertown, Gouver'neur, and New Yoi'k City, N. Y., Baltimore and Washington, D. C., and Rahway, N.
J.
While in Washington the students will visit the U. S. Bureau of Standards and other govei'nmental departments, and also the White House. The entire party will leave Washington Saturday night, and arrive here Sunday noon. Group To Chicago Yesterday 48 students left by automobile and special bus for trips through several large plants located in and around Chicago, 111. The group of chemical engineers is being headed by Prof. Herschel Hunt and will visit plants of the United States Lead Co., International Smelting and Refining Co., International Harvester Co., Wisconsin Steel Co., Western Electric Co., Crane Co., the Underwriters Laboratories, and the American Manganese Steel Co. Led by R. B. Moore, the metallurgical engineers visiting Chicago will visit plants of Lever Brothers Co., Inland Steel So., Sherwin Williams Paint Co., Western Electric Co., Universal Oil Products Co., the Underwriters Laboratories, and the Amaizo Corporation. Deacon Dunn Will Play At Green Pollers Dance “Deacon” Dunn and his 12-piece band have been selected to play for the Green Potters dance Saturday, April 9 from 9 to 12, Prexy Gibson announced yesterday at a meeting of committee heads. ' ' Dunn has played throughout the state of Illinois, and several times on the Illinois campus, but this is his first appearance at the University. Deacon’s music, accprding to L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, is the latest fad, that of sweet swing. . His arrangements are quite similar to those of Benny Goodman and for that reason are very popular. Tickets are still on sale at the Union desk, or they may be obtained from any committeeman. Alpha Chi Rho,., . . . social fraternity, elected the following officers in a secret meeting last night: Robert Sasser, president; George Shartzer, vice-presi-dent; Robert Buckles, ritual officer; Douglas Harvey, chaplain; Robert Land, sergeant at arms; Edward Gross, treasurer; Kenneth Houston, t secretary; David Howkinson, pledge mentor; Rathbun Squires, corresponding secretary; and Gerhard Kellner, executive committee member.
Co-eds To Model In Fasliion Show Eleven home economics co-eds were chosen yesterday to model at a style show to be conducted today by Miss Charlotte Tonis at 3:45 in the Home Economics auditorium. Miss Tonis is a representative of the McCall Corporation of New York City. Prof. Marian Willoughby in charge of the arrangements, has invited all students and townspeople who wish to attend. Those who will model are: Mary Cooley, Barbara DePew, Pauline George, June Hackleman, Virginia Hulse, ^Virginia MpFarland, Mary Helen Miller, Fay O’Bannon, Madeline Van Wanzeele, Lois Voelkel and Emily Weise. All-University literary Contest Is Announced The All-University Literary Contest has gotten under way with many students showing interest in it, according to Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English department. The prizes will^be of two types: cash and silver cup. The three silver cup prizes are: H. G. Reisner Cup for best short story, David E. Ross Cup for best poem or group of poems, and George Ade Cup for best short play. Cash prizes include the following: Dean Enders Prizes ($10 and $5) for best essays on some phase of science or a scientist who has made a contribution to civilization, Hock-ema-Stewart Prizes' ($15 and $10) for best essays on some phase of Indiana or Tippecanoe County history, and English Department Pi'ize ($10) for best familiar essay. Final date for handing in entries is May 10 and should be" sent to Office 204-A, University Hall. Awards will be made May 19. Stewart To Speak la Union On'Vocal Music' Campus glee club and chorus director Albert P. Stewart will talk on the subject “Vocal Music” in the music room of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow evening at 7:30. The following topics will be covered: use and execution of the voice, division of parts in vocal music, an<3 a description of ranges in the voice, 'rhe Men’s Glee Club will give a demonstration.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy in north portion today. Occasional showers in south portion today and Wednesday. Not m,uch change in temperature except warmer in extreme south. Yesterday’s 'femperatures: High, 48; low, 31; mean, 39.5.'
£dii&uaL
THE PHBDUE EXPONENT
SOuwA,
Tuesday, April 5, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
' By Lichty
Editor’s Note: Did you get a yeUow slip yesterday ... or flunk a test? Was your name omitted from the spring pledge list of an honorary you had aspired to for two or three years? Is your best boy friend importing a date for Prom? If you can answer “yes” to any one of those questions, we think you will glean some meloncholic consolation from the following article. The writer wished to keep her identity secret, so we’re oflfering it to you merely as “contributed.”
Is it a rat race! Shades of Vicky haunt us as we start again our education.
What can we say of rat races ? What is a rat race? The cards are stacked against ya—the dice ain’t rolling right—fate is cruel—there ain’t any humane feelin’s. That’s a rat race. Are classes a rat race ? And how! Just think, my fine friend, you are often doomed to get a B from a course before you start, no matter how hard you try. Just so many of your classmates are to get each of the six grades, D, C. P, B, A, or H. There’s a bit of hope in that the “prof” is probably not counting on who or how many will get F and I; you can help determine this.
Yellow slips are arriving and once “ye’ve one o’ these ye’r well nigh sunk.” Ya, it’s a rat race,
Social life’s a gamble too. If you’ve the money and the right way, you can go to the mixer. If you ran fast enough or know the Prom comhiittee well enough, you can spend from $5 to $25 on one splurge. Or if, on the female side, you’re a steady or are gorgeous, or have the right “umph,” you can go to the mixer and to Prom. Maybe the “ratting” here isn’t so bad for the girls, but they’re having to work harder every year.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except' Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year ; by mail $3.60.
Editor-InrChief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. G. Miller
Editor Associate Ed'tors...
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary : ....Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors.. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. 'Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. 'Torrence, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager....; , J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager —W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager.. R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager.. M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors... J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038
Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Kroeplin Tuesday, April 5, 1938
An undeniable activity big shot loses the race because of a couple of fellow rats. Another’s ability goes unreco^ized, poohooed by dumb but successful politicios.
Politics and activities. Ugh! Worst, maybe, of all, but then ya kind of expect it. Gimlet, Reamers, Skunk and Pheasant, or Gold Peppers —-if you’ve connived for one or three years, as the case may be, you’ll probably not be invited to pledge.
Yeh, we think it’s a rat race, but then the whole world is a rat race. May the best man win. And he will; the winner is best—^that’s why he won.
collegiate
Proof of the cartoonists’ pktures showing students as always wearing glasses came last week from the records of the University of Miime- /' sota’s director of student health .service, Dr. Ruth E. Boynton. Dr. Boynton revealed that at Minnesota at least, almost four times as many of those who passed highest on the college aptitude test were nearsighted as of those who passed lowest. As one of the causes for this highstanding of the nearsighted, Dr. Boynton suggested that because the nearsighted student was unable to participate in games and other activities during childhood, he acquired earlier superior habits of reading and studying.
Let A Co-ed Sing The Solo Parts Dear Editor:
Two men students at the University of Alabama have learned that truth, like honesty is a pretty good policy. The other day, the pair, rigged out in tennis togs, went to the university’s tennis courts for a few sets. The varsity teairi was practicing, so the two sat down and waited more than an hour for a court. Finally a court was relinquished and the duo hastened to occupy it. But no sooner had they begun to play than other pairs approached and informed them that they had come to take over the courts for varsity practice. Said one of the disgruntled pair ; “We’re out for the varsity too.' Would you mind waiting until we finish?” Said one of the newly-arrived: “I’m glad to know you boys. I’m the coach.”
“Today a school is made known by its athletic teams. Even in our own time we have seen great universities grow as the result of successful athletic teams. This is the condition existing today, and a wise school will take advantage of it.” The ultra-practical editor of the St. Thomas College Aquinas believes in making hay while the,athletic star shines.
Wonderful and worthy describe our views of A1 Stewart’s musical work on the campus. The men’s glee club, the concert choir, and the University choir are excellent results of his stimulating direction. Mr. Stewart appears enthusiastic about his work and brings to the campus through his musical organizations harmonious, up-to-date compositions. Especially thrilling are his musical arrangements of the men’s glee club and the lovely soprano voice of his wife, Charlotte Stewart. Give Co-eds A Chance While the musical director is openminded and fair, we wonder if he would consider the idea of a co-ed singing the solo parts in concert choir, men’s glee club, and University choir. We are not insisting that there is a co-ed on the campus with a better voice than that of Mrs. Stewart, but we would like to see a co-ed given this opportunity. Outstanding women voices were heard in the all-campus show, “Of Thee I Sing,” and there are hardworking women students in the concert and University choir, so we bebelieve there is material available to work out: the idea. . If girls could look forward to the honor of singing the solo parts for the campus organizations, more coeds with commendable singingvoices would enter musical activities. An influx of female talent would make possible an admirable women’s glee -club. We hope this all-campus idea will be carefully considered by the pow-ers-that-be. Catherine.
Your Move, Mr. Street Commissioner Dear Editor: It is most annoying to ride along the streets of West Lafayette constantly dodging huge chuck holes in the streets. These holes were evidently enlarged from their original size by the freezing weather of the last few months. Regardless of how they got there, they impress West Lafayette visitors very unfavorably. At night, especially are they bad. The driver is a nervous wreck afterfive blocks of vainly trying to dodge the cavernous apertures. He drives along peacefully when suddenly . . . thud, bump . . . the whole car receives a jolt. These roadholes have been constantly increasing in size until they have reached dangerous proportions. The city may find itself in some lawsuits because of broken springs, and other parts which have been damaged. But still the city does nothing about them! One month is excusable, but when thi-ee months pass and nothing is done, citizens, whether tax-paying or transient students, have a right to see some immediate action taken. The longer the holepatching job is put off, the quicker will he the necessity of complete resurfacing jobs.- - Shake Their'Ileads West Lafayette townsfolk , are proud of their city, and Want to remain rightly so. When Purdue parents come up for a visit, they are perfectly justified in shaking their heads in disgust and wondering what kind of city their sons and daughters must claim as ‘home’ for nine months of the year. Mister street commissioner, what are you going to do about i1^? We would like to know.EE ’39.
The United States is in the mid.st of a period of remarkable wordconsciousness, in the opinion of Dr. Walter K. Smart, professor in the English department of Northwestern University’s school of commerce and journalism. Persons representing virtually all stTata of society are wading into the streams of speech up to their larynxes.
The upshot of it all will be, he ventures, a pronounced general improvement in verbal and written expression. “Much of our slang is picturesque and keenly alive,” Dr. Smart says. “Some of it is the insjjiratibn of genius. The trouble is that after the genius employs it, every fool comes along and uses it, turning- it into another bromide.”
Union To Sponsor Billiard Tourney For Beginners
Seventy-five per cent of the males at Kent State University, who participated An a poll by the campus humor iflagazine, prefer brunette women. |
Lim'iting the competition strictly to beginners, the Union is sponsoring a billiard toui-nament. Only players who have not won prizes and who did not play billiards before 1937 will be allowed to enter. The tournament will be straight billiards wijth straight 15 balLpockets. Beginners who wish to compete should sign entry cards in the billiard room of the Union before April 13th. Tournament play Will start immediately.
We’re back here all pepped after a week’s vacation . . . really are on the ball . . . got only two yellow slips yesterday, and didn’t miss a class. Yessir, we’re sure going to make these last two months count.
This accumulation of contribs over the vacation rather saps our energy, thoug-h. What’s the- use of racking our wit for humor when we have some perfectly good poems here.
As the best one for today, we choose the following “Prof’s Lament.” AVhy? ... well, we don’t quite know whether the pome actually has possibilities, or whether Faymon’s reputation carries a lot of weight with us. Remember his prizewinner, “The Activity Boys,” of three weeks ago.
PROF’S LAMENT Oh, PE, you heartless taskmaster 1 From your pages we have to deduct That you have taken a stand To firmly demand. That instructors should really instruct.
Purdue always wins (wins from us all). And if we can learn a bit, fine and dandy. Keep after the next rat; he’ll probably slip after all.
Time was, when Purdue students floundered And found that the going was tough They knew to their shame They alone were to blame— Now P. E. says we don’t know our stuff.
Time was, when us profs had some standing.' Undergrads looked ’pon us with awe And we could expect Their fear and respect. Our dictates were taken as law.
Time was, when our dignified bearing Toward all was a joy to behold. We held our heads high And the look in our eye Was assured, confident, bold.
Time was, when our fine sense of humor No student had doubted a bit. Though the jokes that we cracked Consi.stently lacked The stuff that’s accepted as wit.
But those da3's, alas, have departed, Exponent put us on spot. Editors intimated As teachers we rated (To paraphrase them) not so hot.
They lauded a few of our brethren In their columns, great guys without doubt. But aside from these few The rest of us knew We were damned by just being left OUT. —Faymon.
TODAY — WEDNESDAY **Always meanest when she loveJ the mostT*
Bette Davis
JEZEBEE
A WARNER BROS. PICTURE wlik
HENRY FONDA GEORGE BRENT
Jiria
“You brag about your rare stamp collection—well, take a look at some of these rare coins people put in the Sunday plate 1”
What, Where, When?
Hardesty Drops Close National AAU FigM
By Sally McKee
A buffet supper is one of the most pleasant informal get - to - gether chances in the range of tea to dinnei-, but it offers many possibilities for. ti-ouble. By virtue of the informality the guests arrive at varying hours, but early arrivals .should not be kept waiting- for later ones. Guests should serve themselves approximately as they arrive. A second plate,' glass, or cup, and saucer is very correctly put on any nearby table, stool, or shelf, or even on the floor if the guests are not seated at tables. The whole scheme is informal. A gii-1 may fill hei- own plate or wait while her escort fills it for her. Candor should go with informality and second helpings should be encouraged by any hostess.
BOSTON, Mass., April 4 — Wilmer “Red” Hardesty, Purdue University featherweight, dropped a 2-1 decision to Francis Kerchesal, of New Orleans, La., as the National A.A.U. boxing championships got underway here tonight The bout was the closest of the tournament thus far.
Hardesty, a freshman engineer from Indianapolis, and Lafayette Golden Gloves champion, won the Indiana A.A.U. featherweight championship last week.
Radio Comedienne Gracie Allen is offering a bearskin prize as an Award of Ingenuity to the man graduating from college with the lowest marks.
Augustana College faculty members sponsored a Recuperation Party for students who had just finished examinations.
LUMA
All This Week
RED-BLOODED
' adventure roaring out of the untamed West! Romance and melo- * drama that keeps a-tingle!
^M^MiicDONilLD
ARC
TODAY & WEDNESDAY
‘^THE FLYING HOSTESS With William Gargan, Judith
Barrett, William Hall
Peter B. Kyne’s ‘ONE MAN JUSTICE’ Starring Charles Starrett
——.Also— ‘RADIO PATROL” No. 2
mu
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURETuesday. April 5. 1938
THEPUBDUE
EXPONENT %
fwim line Splits Even On Southern Trip
Seventh Annual Grid Clinic Starts Friday; Elward Helds Passing Drill Featuring discussions of the forward pass and the new six man game which is gaining in popularity, the seventh annual Purdue Football Clinic will open its two-day session here this Friday. The Boilermaker coaching staff will be host to several hundred high school and college mentors. The program will present exponents of collegiate football from the south, southwest, and middle west.
Outstanding among these grid coaches will be Frank Thomas, whose Alabama teams have been frequent visitors to the Rose Bowl, and Gus Dorais, who coached the Collegiate All-Stars for their game with the Green Bay Packers last September. Thomas will discuss the development of an offense and Dorais, noted as one of the country’s leading exponents of the forward pass as an offensive weapon, will discuss the details of the aerial game. The program will include also addresses by successful high school coaches on special offensive and defensive problems. Banquet Friday Night On Friday night Paul White, the president of the Indiana Coaches Association, will act as toastmaster at the annual clinic banquet. The banquet progi'am will feature addresses by Thomas and Dorais. Since the Clinic will spend part of its time discussing the forward pass
Coach Elward is stressing the fundamentals of the aerial game in scrimmage this week. The Clinic will watch the Boilermaker squad in practice Friday afternoon. Two picked Purdue teams will battle in a regulation demonstration game to conclude the clinic Satuiday afternoon. According to Mai Elward the Gold and Black squad can boast of several good passers. Nesbitt is expected to develop into one of the best ball tossers on the Boilermaker team. Lou Brock, who has already proven himself a star ball carrier, has also taken to the aerial offense. Byleni and Tykocki, frosh backs, show promise in the forward passing line and should see a lot of action for the varsity next fall.
West Virginia University has in its student body 70 sets of brothers, 23 sets of sisters and 63 brother and sister duos.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Ward 11-X Defeats Ward 10-X In Volleyball Finals Ward 11-X won the volleyball finals by defeating Ward 10-X 21-15, and 22-20 in the finals played shortly before vacation. R. F. Mclntire, C. J. Lupear, J. Williams, W. Holmes, L. G. Hart, and E. Bell composed the lineup of the victorious team, which finished top in a field of five wards. For the runnei-ups were L. W. Small, P. 0. Smith, B. Zink, C. Rackenback, J. Glardon, and L. R. Melsei. Baseball is next on the intramural sports program, the first games of which begin Thursday. Managers should have their enti y blanks in foi ward baseball by this evening, according to R. W. Middleton, intiamural athletic managei. Belfield Wins Ping Pong Title; Downs Bower 3-1 Yesterday afternoon the all campus ping pong tourney was brought to completion as A. M. Belfield defeated W. W. Bower in the Fieldhouse ping pong room. Belfield won the first game 21-13 and recovered after losing the second 15-21, to win the last two sets, 21-15 and 21-10. Grad Accepts New Post John S. Wiley, CE ’34, has resigned his position as assistant sanitary engineer for the State Board of Health of South Dakota, and accepted a position as sanitary engineer in the newly established division of industrial sanitation in the Indiana State Boaid of Health.
AT PUEDUE IT’S THE EXPONENT
^ESiLTS
Buying newspaper space is not unlike buying a new suit or a new dress. You get out of that suit just what the manufacturer puts into it. So it is with a newspaper. The advertiser gets out of his newspaper advertising just what he puts into it. Hit and miss advertising brings some results, but a steady, consistent reminder of your name and merchandise will do much more. For student trade, use the EXPONENT!
»yliellotoagood Imy
PURDUE EXPONENT
Bixler Drills Golf Team For Opener Against Detroit Three major lettermen and one minor letterman will form the nucleus of the golf squad that Coach Jack Bixler is grooming for the opening of the dual meet season with the University of Detroit here on Thursday, April 14. Candidates for varsity golf will meet tonight at 7:15 o’clock in room 107 of the Fieldhouse, according to an announcement made by Coach Jack Bixler yesterday. Plans for the season will be discussed at that time including practice, the schedule and other topics. Captain Karl Freese heads the ti 10, who played legularly last season. The other veterans include a pan of juniors, John David, who finished thii'd in the race for low medal honors in the Big Ten championships last spring, and Gene Anderson, erstwhile All-Conference center on the Big Ten championship basketball team, who is once again turning his attention to the links pastime. 6 Big Ten Matches Another junior. Royal Baske, winner of a minor letter last season, IS making a stiong bid for lecognition. To date Coach Bixler has had little chance to look over the sophomore aspirants for varsity assignments. The complete golf schedule for the coming season follows: April 14—Detroit at Purdue. April 25—Purdue at Illinois. April 30—Purdue at Notre Dame. May 2—Michigan at Purdue. May 7—^Indiana at Purdue. May 9—-Purdue at Chicago. May 14—Purdue at Ohio State. May 21—Purdue at Iowa. May 23-24—Big Ten Meet at Minnesota.
Team Displays Hitting Power; Fehring Pleased Purdue’s baseball squad broke even on its annual southern spring training trip last week, winning one out of two games with both Centenary and Louisiana Tech. Games scheduled last Monday and Tuesday with Southern Methodist at Dallas, Tex., were both rained out, so the squad opened its activities Wednesday against Centenary at Shreveport, La., winning, 9-6. The game, played under skies that were threatening rain at any minute, was featured by the hitting of Felix Mackiewicz, who took injured “Red” Breslin’s place at third base. Mackiewicz drove out three singles and a homer in four times at bat. ‘ ■
FRATERNITY (BASEBALL Practice Games Today Diamond 1— Acacia vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 2— —Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 3— Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 4— Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 5— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle. 6— Theta Tau vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7— Sigm^ Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi 8— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Gamma Rho.
Basketball —Tonight—
7:00-
-Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Theta
Pi.
7:15—Chauncey vs, Bastille.
Sammy Lyboult, second sackei, did his part by knocking out three singles, and Howie McAfee picked up a single and a double. Arnold Bredewater worked on the mound for the first six innings, allowing 10 hits, while Heiss finished up the lemaining three innings by holding the Centenary nine hitless. Centenary Wins The following day, Thursday, the Shreveport nine turned the tables, winning 12-6. Yeager led the Purdue hitting with two hits, a single and a double, out of the team’s total of eight. Mangas, Shiff, and Warner pitched for the Boilermakers, but were unable to cope with the home team’s heavy batting. Friday the squad moved on to Ruston, La., where they lost to the Louisiana Tech nine, 5-2. The Boilermakers played their best ball of the trip in this game, but the pitching proved too stiff. Tech’s pitcher, Stinnett, had pitched a one hit game against Alabama only a week before. Sammy Lyboult drove out two of the team’s four hits for the day. Tech Beaten, 5-3 The Boilermakers avenged this defeat the following day, howevei, as they defeated the Tech squad, 5-3, in a 10 inning contest. Mangas knocked a home run in the seventh to tie up the score at 3 all. In the tenth a double by Lyboult, an error, and a wild pitch accounted for the two Purdue runs. Warner, Mangas, and Arnold Bredevlhter did the mound work for the Gold and Black. Immediately after Saturday’s game the squad left for home, stopping at Little Rock, Ark., Saturday night and aiufiving home Sunday. Team Looks Good According to Coach “Dutch” Fehring, the team showed up vefy well. Said Fehring, “We were encouraged gi-eatly by splitting even with clubs that have been practicing several weeks longer than we have. Then, too, we were up against some pretty stiff pitching, probably stiffer than any we’ll see the rest of the season. Everybody hustled and really worked hard. “Both squads were tougher than the ones we met last spring. Judging from the showing we made against them, I think we are better than last year.”
College Supplies at Prices You Can Afford to Pay 500 Sheets of yellow paper 18c Typewriter papers, fine quality 10c Carbon papers 10c pkg. 14 pound note book fillers, all sizes 10c Purdue stationery 10c pkg. File boxes 20 to 29c All sizes filing cards. Loose leaf binders, all sizes 10c to $1.00 Form papers. Laboratory aprons 49c See the new Indirecto student lamp priced at $2.25 We carry a complete line of Spiral note books, all sizes 5 to 25c We feature quality merchandise at low prices. Buy here and save. We lower prices for you. Purdue 5c and 10c Store , West Lafayette Open every night till 8 o’clock
Freshmen Fencers Start Final Round Today at 4 o’clock the final round of the freshmen fencing meet will be run off in the fencing room of the Fieldhouse. Twenty-two of the 60 men who staited will fence it out in tw'o round robins of 11 each for the 12 sets of numerals which will be given to the first SIX men in each division. Silver Mask fencing honorary which IS sponsoring the meet, %vill also give a gold medal and a silver medal respectively for the first and second place men in the tourney. Women's Athletics Sportswomen Pledge “P” monograms were awarded, and the heads of sports for the coming year were announced at the annual WAA All-Star banquet held March 24 in the Home Economics cafeteria. Following the recognition of the winners of class numerals, and the installation of new WAA officers, by Mary Ellen Delaplane, 1937-’38 WAA president, F. I. Goldsmith, assistant to the dean of men, showed colored moving pictures of his camp Shewahmegon, located in northern Wisconsin. Spring Sports t Registration for spring sports activities will continue until 5:00 today. The new classes will start regularly Thursday. Girls may sign up for the following sports: horseback riding, golf, baseball, archery tennis, swimming, and bowling. Sports Banquet Sportswomen, honorary athletic organization for co-eds, announces the following pledges: Virginia Blank, Marie Brewer, Barbara Dobson, Margaret Jenkins, Mart Mather, and Elizabeth Maier.
The home season opens next Tuesday when Wabash comes here to meet the Purdue nine. Passports will admit students to the contest, which will be held on the diamond in back of the Fieldhouse.
roim TiMs-y<NM ctaiwm Tuesday - Thursday 10:30 A. M. WMAQ - WLW LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO.Ki
^Cacat (Ma,
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
yiaiiaiA,
Tuesday, April 5, 1938
Mike’s Musings
Prof, F, C, Hockema . . .
Aftci thiec ‘;ucce'^sn e Satin dav afternoon'^ of ba'iketball bioadcasts, the lejrulai loutine of piograms is to bo le^iimed Hank Millei and his Cainpu'^ ^anctle‘^ «ho\i \m11 be heaid fiom ^ to d and the men behind tbe ‘^ceno'' of the laiieties aie a^ain trittinp fuiioMs in their biow^ tivimr to think of something that %m11 arne neiv punch to the -lioii
assistant to the president of Pm due Univeisity went to Kokomo last night to speak befoie the newly oiganized foieman’s club and on Fiiday night he will be in Peoiia, Ilk, to speak at the legulai meeting of the Pm due Alumni Association
2—1-
A.nd speaking of Satuidav aftei110011'- ha\e vou e\ei listened to thailie Pmiell and his 15 minutes of populai songs and melodies thailes has one of the best tenoi \oices—01 would vou call it baritone—that IS heaid legulaily fiom the station and he has a wide tol lowing 'This week, incidentally, Chailie IS going to tin ill all of the gills in the tiaining school at St Elizabeth Hospital
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
LOST—Pan of i unless glasses Eiont of Union, 7 30 p m. Thursday, Maith 17 Call Ralph Zalkan 2305
2—1—3—2
Mike might just as well make this a leNiew of Satuidav afternoon shows and include the Radio Stage di amatic half houi Sam Maiks has been piodiicing some fine enteitainment in the dramatic line and his ihowe of actois seems to be good— two of his pioteges have been cast in the coming Playshop show “Ceiling Zeio ’ and it has been said by the diiectois of the theatiical that the-e tw o fellow s w ill steal the 'how Then names aie Bunk and Lupeai
NOTICE—Oiganization building site, side hill State Stieet, high lot, extensive view, convenient location, 185 ft South Salisbmy, 99 ft State Stieet Paved alley Puce $3,500 Save this ad Phone 3465 Giace L Oswalt
NOTICE—Will student who is wealing blue plaid pants and vest diid black plaid coat please call 4081.
WANTED TO TRADE—Used cai any make, f oi late model motoi - cycle Keys, 305 Sali&buiy
2—1—3—2
As we leave the an, Mike would like to lennnd you all to watch youi newspapeis Something might pop an^tme wc hope’
Notices
No
pled After I pjM.
NYA Students Checks for the periods ending March 9 are now available at the Cashier s office in the Executive Building 4-5 —HOLLENSBE
2—1—3—2
B\ the way, did you know that Radio Stage has been lunning concecutnelv foi thiee yeai'*^ That n the best lecoid of any one progiam ot its soit in the histoiy of the station and it wouldn’t have to go fai to beat the commeicial show programs
Students All students interested in enteiing Co-op houses next year see me at 1 Universitj St or telephone 3840 —DE LA CROIX
Exponent Juniors, Sophomores Please sci bulletin board at cither Union or Lafay (ttc office for important announcement con cclning iKctions —MANION
“Of Thee Sing’ Cast All rihcarsal cloth ing will be removed from the checkroom Wednesday April 6 Will you please get them before this date WOOD
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. ROSNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A. BISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. I. BATH Watch Maker 605 Mam Street
R. C.EISENBACH eweler and Optometrist
504 Mam Street
LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER
This IS all we do but we do it well
Wallacf Block 322 Ferry Ft Opposite Post Office
• Ayfo Rental
41ENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW.
822 MAIN
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE __
Office Stationery . Wedding Invitations
PHONE Sales Books, Etc 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS
Open Evenings Ph 2291 State Mam W L
Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Sigma Delta Chi • All members please meet in Union Exponent office at 7 p m Tuesday April 5 —FORSTER
by 5 p m Wednesday, April 6 —HAZELTON
Union Workers. Will our committees please report to the Union office at 4 p m Tuesday, April 5 —EASTBURNf MATTHEWS
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, April 6, at 7 46 p m in office —STEWART
Playshop Stage Crew: Start work on "Ceiling Zero’’ Tuesday, April 6 at 4 p. m , in sub-basement of the Memorial Union Building Pliease be there —BRENMAN
7:80 p m. in room 2 of the Union. All members are asked to attend Public is Invited —MIRKIN
Silver Mask. Theie will be a meeting at 7 30 p m Wednesday, April 6, in loom D of the Union All actives please be piesf nt —MATTHEWS
Playshop Publicity Committee: Those interested in working on this committee report to Eliza Fowler Hall, Wednesday, April b at 4 o clock -BERGMANN
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important meeting Wednesday, April 6, at 7 16 p m in Memorial Union Building Inquire at desk for room —MOUNCE
WAA Baseball: Tryouts Wednesday and Thursday, April 5 and 6, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym The intramural tournament will start Monday, April 11 —MAIER.
Freshman Fencers The final competition in the numeral tournament will begin Wednesday Apnl 0 at 4 p m Practice Tuesday Apiil 6 at 4 p m -MATTHEWS
PEW Girls interested in a course foi life-saving examiners which will be conducted by Red Cross next week April 11 to 16, should sign on bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium —RUSSELL
Christian Science Tlrganization: Regulai meeting will be held in room C of the •Memorial Union Building at 7 30 p m Tuesday, April 6 WINTER
Green Potters Ticket Committee: Meeting at 4 p m Thursday, April 7, in room D of the Union Important that all members be present —NEWHAGEIN
WSGA: Compulsory meeting of the Activities committee Tuesday, April B, at 4
Glider Club Open meeting in room B of the Union at 7 15 p m Thursday, April 7 —MOORE
Airport Dance Committee Meeting in thi Union at 7 16 p m Wednesday Apiil 6 Inquire at desk for room —MORGAN
Society of Automotive Engineers: Meeting Tuesday, Apnl 6, at 4 p m in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building, —VANDERFORD
p m
-JONES
PSA Meeting Wednesday April 6 at
Green Potters: Decorations committee meet Wednesday, April 6, in room F of
the Uplon, at 4 p m
-ELLEY.
Union Workers Will all available woikc rs phase iiport to the workshop Tuesday, Apnl 6 at 4 p m Veiy important CABONARGI JACOBSON
Playshop Publicity Members of commit tie and otheis interested please report to Fowler Hall ,qt 1 p m Tuesday and Wed nobday Apnl ■) and fa ^ -JUILLARD
All-Campus Wrestlers Winneis in tour nament may get then medals at the intramural office CLEVETT
Ceres Important meeting at 7 30 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building Tuesdav Apnl > ' —HENRY
University Orchestra Rejiort to Eliza 1 ow hr Hill lit 1 p m Tuesday April 5 for combined rehtarsal with the Univeisitv Chou Ini) ortanl STEWART
Pi Tau Sigma hornial pledging at Pi Kappi Alpha house it 7 30 p m on Thuis d ly Api il I ICHHORN
WSGA Iiidicial Board Meeting at 7 15 liitsdav April 5 in WSGA office SLOCUM
Gold Peppers Pledges and Actives Meeting at Kappa Kappa Gamma house it 7 p m X iiesday April 5 Please be prompt SI OCUM
PEW All fitshmtn and sophomoie worn on taking required work in physic il edu c ition must registci foi i spiing activity
We II Be Your Valet
With an efficient economical dry cleaning service such as this, you have the equivalent of a man-servant at the smallest possible cost. One trial of our careful service will convince you of the desirability of using it at all times.
Qora ummu
FINE
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
► Here is the remarkable story of an American who, aided by a fake passport and a fake name, “Francisco Gomez Trejo,” enlisted his services as a fightingplane pilot for the Loyalist forces in Spain. He tells you about other American war-birds he found there, how he was trained, what kind of planes he used, and how, instructed by Russian flyers, he went into action against the enemy. For a thrilling and completely bunkless account of air-fighting in Spain, turn to page 5 of your Post this week. First of four articles.
Some Still Live by F. G. TINKER, JR.
**Ben’s so cryptic! He says we think New York’s just
^ « xxrviat three infractions ^lub
Spring Training . for Fans
by
bob considine
the rules are umpires
• What three sue the home ‘:lub not allowed to Y ^^at tricks by
Z bemg h.t by « to be „hat P'W"! one article »
into the book? Her opening day. baseball to Trammg for Fans.
In fact, it’3 called Spring
40 RiSmURANrS 5 NICHf CLUBS a*u^a HOSPIfAL!"
Meet Myra, a devastating little creature I Formerly of West Freedom, now very much of New York With all her glibness and new-found charm she just can’t understand why her first husband took to drink, why her second seems so interested in that firm-faced Lindsay girl...
You Don’t Really Live Till You 're Here
by STEPHEN VINCENT BENET
AI Ofl» high tension, an exciting new novel by William WisliLGU > ter Haines . . . DAN'L COME TO JUDGMENT, a short story by Ben Ames Williams , . , THE LIFE AND LOVE OF TWO ROMANTIC OYSTERS, as told by Frank Sullivan in The TJ^ly Mollusk ...articles, editorials, cartoons, Post Scripts —all in the Post, out today.