I
iis;;' ifeis
\r\, '
Oljlttlteaxvtt \ /'f^.i ‘ j^APATByTE!, INDIAl^TA, WES6AY,'JPNE 2, iM^'^'\
NUMB^ m
im
if!.'.;;
S
Alumni To Return For ., tiala Week Festivities ,, Old GriidSf Seniors To Honor Pres.], Mrs, Elliott At Banquet Saturday; Cabaret Dinnet At Night
Examination Schedule
mi
Prof.D.P.Cr^%
Building for all classes. Friday evening at 6 o*cloek the c4ss
of ’06 will hold a class dinner
in the Union Building.
Saturday morning there will be an inspection of the campius with alumni representatives of the Various schools posted at points of importance. At "10:30 o'clock, there will be a meeting of the General Alumpi Association in Eliza
Fowler Hall.
Alumtti Luncheon At 12 o^clock, alumni and present niemberis bf' i^e^ ida^s afc itend a banquet in the Unipn Building in honor of President'and Mira, E. C. Elliott. Burr ;Swezey,; presi dent of the AlTunM ASbociatiM^ yrih ;be in charge and^hn/Wheeler, 'lOi member of the state highway commission, will serve as toastmasten David Ross, president of the board of trustees, and Anne May Lute, , alunaha of the date of :’00v will; p^-^ tent shOftaddressOs.Adniission will ' he^5;centsy,;. "Fdiovfhij^ the luncheon,: the .classes will assembie and parade to the oval where: loyalty certificates will be presented to alumni of long hfe(hn^;'the '36 date fi^ fai^teC and a band concert will be presented, after which the choir will give a pfOgf am in Elite Fowler Hall. Games and stunts will occupy the period from 4:30 to 6 o’clock. ■ Gabaret Dinner , A cabaret dinher, cafeteria style, will be hel<l, l” l-be Union bailrooni frOtn 6 to 7:30 o’clock Saturday Oye- ; with Bud, Bryant furnishing tSe music for dancing and a floor ahow to be sponsored by the seniOr -^la^eek committee; annual alumnirsenior dance will be the feature attraction with Bryant again providing the syncopatipn. T]te: d*^^ W ®P®“ 'cial party at the Elks club. Sunday morning will be dev'oted to reunion breakfasts and open house ■’af^ i^esident' EllioiGs. At noon officers of alumni classes and previous class officers will be entertained at a banquet in the Union Building. The baccalaureate address will be given at 2:45 o’clock in the
afternoon.
’"Examinations will be held'in the same rbbms iU WhibtttHe. di¥^i<!>Qd ;
Period 13
TUESDAY, JUNE 2. 8-11 A. Bf.
C/otirse Divisions BootnAgron 11 .All..'.—— Ag 206, 209 Engl.l _........G-M,XK Ed 101 CE 62 :A11.. • Engl 8 JEl '. Univ 801:
I,. .-AIL Ag 117. 118
ME 31 ..■"";!'.z‘.""jc-pzr.“r.'.r."jm“^wi2 Phar 12 * Phya 36 -A.C.B SC 211 Phys 86 _B,D — Phys 202 Pm 12 A-yfe'-Vi.j -„J.; ' •
Periteli
:TDBSDAY.''CJtJNE ^ 2,;'li4::P,- WE. :,Cou¥Be f f Divisions Room-
Agron 16 ...—AIL. Agrdh'' 180 .._._.,..-All, B .31 All
At Uniyersity
ME Teacher To
Colorado State,Mechanical Department Prof Dudley P. Craig, assodate ptefessor of iiicchahicaf eh^teete ing at the University, and a member of the University since 1921, has tendered his resignation, effective at the Oite of^ ^ummbf Sessitej Ang; 8, to tec^^ a post aa^professOT he®d ®f the Mo chahical Eiigineeritig depaftmeht of ^he Colorado State College of Ajg; riculture and Mechanical Arts at
Foft Collins, Coio.
He will assunie "his diittes fbte^ Sept. 1 and will move hiO foihily tO the western' city the latter part of Aiugust: He te^s' in charge of heat engineering courses here, at the University; ; '
UE22 EE 2 2
End 81. Endai, Govt 10;; Hbrt 12 Mattel
Math 2; MSth 8'
PhO '8 ;. PbyslW
.^1
Course’
AD 62 AEll
AM 2-. AM,2.
DH6 .■ETl'
:Enid;l'.
Engl 10 Engl 14 EiigLM
Engl l86
HA 84 Math 4 MB 81
Divisions
...n'
iAlL; ..A-P,XB..
UE--
-jKiWvi.; JtiXW..
:.iAo,s-x
■ ?PariiMU5; 'V';:
^WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3. 8-il A. ML;
U IM i , •• sc'ite
.RecSlS SC 211
MEtlOS
-'AJl 4,—.........A.!!.—....■..Ag. "108,, . AH 7 All Ag 206, 209 B'4;7 .'........AlL>........i... "SO,'. 14,, Engl 81 .B.I..S Ed 101 Engl 31 .T,U;; Ed 201 Engl 107 All.. * Gov 10 A.'B.D-H. K._.:. ...SC 211, CE 201 Hist 3 A,B. ;HiSfc:l6v.ji;4;i.;ii.4..;iAiBi;; "HQrt;:l4;:.;;4i.;.':.i-..iAlL;' iPhto-. 137..4.v.;i; ;.miL. Phys 1 AU Phys 202 Phys 21 -All Phys 202 PM 13 All.........
Period 17
T»UB8Da|; JUNE 4;^ 841A.M. — Divisions Boohl
iAU^
iJB...:.... ,G,XC
.GiH
AlKi;. ........4.Hort 202
ME 108 ME 207
,Aii; -AH
. Period 18
THUBSDAY, JUNE 4,1-4 P. Bit
Fol* Summer Session
will begin Thursday, June 11, in the office of the registry with more than 1,000 students (expected to enroll for the Ingest session in the history of the school. The present high of 890
fcemIToHead Traffic Course This Suiniher
Course
B 133 Ec 1
EngLB
Ehgi 5 .. Math 4 .. MB30....
PE 22 ; .
Divisions
-All-
;E|iXB..
Rbom>
Uiilv 102;
a’s
.fjouse,, .4 i :■ Omega’s Oh Waldron Wof(d from the Eappa Kappp Gamma’s states that a new sorority house will be built on th® ateoss from tte Chi Omega house, to replace present site at Andrew Place and is the second hew sorority house that is behigr er6d(2d~?thte ?rstimrterj ■ afid both Kappas and Alpha Chi’s Would like to tecupy their,new remdahces
next Septembte.
Ghoir Concludes Actrvities Sunday The University Choir will conclude its^-activities for the year this Week-end with a varied program, Thursday afternoon there will be a picnic at Vawter’s, with swimming, horseshoes, and other sunimer sports. A dinner dance at the West Lafayette Country club is scheduled for Friday. Next year’s officers Will be announced at thjs time. Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock the combined teoit groups will particteate in an outdoor sing in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. ' ■ ' "‘-Z Fbllowing the sing, the choir will be the guests of the alumni at banquet in the Memorial Union. The choir’s last program of the year will be the Baccalaureate service Sunday ateeiteipn.^
Kap{»a. D6lta Pi Election Kappa Delta national educte ti<mthonq|ary, anr^^ the elec tibh of tjie foti^iiig c|fic®teGpresident^ W. S; Chancellor; vice deni^ Roberta Idarshall; secr(teary, Marjorie Krott; treasurer, Alice ;Stair;.:,
NTA WORKERS
May checks sho^J be ready for delivery about June 16th. If tep' do. not intend to be in Lafayette' te' that tiniib leave' a BelfraddfessiBd steteP^tl velope with the cashier. , , —SODDEN
...-All— -..-All!' All.
...-A.D..,
,....4A,XA,B,
. 'UD-.:—..
PMt 7 ' "'I'li-'; -I'l'' ti'i.nt; liAll" . .-y Period,16, ’
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3. 1-4 P. M. Oouirse Dirisioitis ■ ‘ '’’'R
Agrdn 188 ;-AlL
EE 129 HE 109
ME 301-312
im
- . ...Aai;;;;.-...;....— MB 801-812 .V .-An;.:-.;..™..:-.,..... Ed M8
Poriodie, , '
. ; ;;iFBIDAY, JUNE 8, 8-11 A. tA m Course Divisions Boom CE 41 CE 201 Eng) B .......All.™.................. Univ 101 Engl 23 ;..-All * BXAiaiNAtedNS ,,Wlte;AFARTMENTS:.:i ’4 ' AH-^graduate; courses;; numberod; above';200 and not scheduled above.
Here At CoMerence
Dt, Walter B. Pitkin, of Columbia University, widely jknown for bis book ‘‘Life Begins at Forty”y will deliver o^e of the brst addr^ses of the Science andTSeadership Institute which will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Juhe 15 to 26, in conjunction with the
Union Displays Water Colors yyater colors by Gregory Oscher pif are on display now in the Memo rial Union Building, and will remain there through gala week. Among the twelve paintings,: in the exhibit are: “Street Scene In Positano' “Garden bn Mountain Side”, “Villas in Positano”, and “On the Slopes of
Monte del Lauro”^
Oscheroff, born in the Ukraine^ studied paintibg in Paris before the war, during which he was held pris oner at a cduiP near Munich, In 1924 he went to Berlin whbr® he re maihed until 1932, at which time he moved to Positano, a village bn an Italian mountairiside near Naples.
Bu^esaMeti'Open Expositipii
' Business men bf L^ayette will hold the Lafayette Eiqapsition between Brown and Main levees beginning this b’blbck. There will be ditedays to sixow the process of the' 'city be; sides the difl^ereni' lines of business and iu " * As ap added feature a show consisting of good vaiideville tets will be given in the tent auditotewn.
Weldy Chosen ASME President For Next Year The following men were elected to’serve as officers of the A. S. M. E ■next year; R, K. Weldy, president W. B., Wolverton, secretary; R. K, Nesbitt, treasurer; Jack McCauley program chairman, and W. C. Mush am, publicity ^airman. Professor Ludy acts as chairman of tha University branch which is the fafgesf in''i'ba ' L ■
Dr. Pitkin will spea,k on “The Foundations of Statesmanship^^ tenuring t^ afternoon sesteon bn the first day ^ter a short introductory and welcoming- address by''Pres; E. C; Elliott; Dr, Johri R. Oliver, Johns Hopkins Uriiversity; will i;be' the spieaker in the evening session of the first day. •’ LeadersTo Gather Science, btisihessv -jOufhalisni, ahd religious leaders from iall bVOr the ebuhtry "wiir gatbef hete for‘ - the short coriferencB. Over 600' persons are expected to attend these meetings ia addition to the facul^ and summer session students. Although the program has been arranged to interest bteb ■ teon and women, a special series of programs of special interest to women will also be held under the direction of Dean Maty L. Matthews and: Prof. Leila Gaddis, of tljie University, and Mrs. Lillie D. Sboft, of the Indiana farm bureau. Special talks, deittohstrations, tours, and teas will be inr
cluded in this special feature of the institute. -^ : - Personalities On Program Other te®U known personalities who will be heard bn-the program include Williapi B.: Stbut, president of the Stout Motbr Corporation; Dr. Hornell B. Harte, Hartfbrd, Conn.; Dr.! Ralph MV Davis, Church of the (Covenantj Erie; Pat;' Dr. T.'E. Rice; Indiana UhiV'ersity; Dt. EVHi'Shide^ ler; state director bf rehabilitation; and others including seVeral Ubiver sity staff members, as well as David E; Ross; president of the University board of trustees.
NOTICE
Dming tih® ®xamination teribd the hours from Monday thrbugh- Thursday will be 11 b’clock as usual, but upon comjiletion of her final examinations, each girl shall have 12 O’clock privileged thbreafter. —W;S;G;A;JUDICIAL BOARD
Rigid Dise^lihe Siudent Life Ai ^ini.Mary^s (ifMke Woods
: By Amy Scriven
‘^heoffenser’
‘T cut breakfast Sunday mprn-
■ ” : ; I
“You know the rules; I am sorry, but your prirtleged must bb tevoked for two weete* Good moiwng;’^ In such a manner is the liberty brid ;pUrsuit of happiness of a Saint. Mary’s of the j^Wbods studept enbrtetebd: iipoh; v Atteudance at m^® te cteckedte® Ulbsely as bteeMbiice af" clasate.: Futile mUst be the attempts' of buXbin lassies to attain the much teu^t-aftte^^^^^te^ biometry whte they mUst^^^^^ at the table three times a day and bithte tesist 'wteh calory-filled food.
Holidays
- ytedneteay a**^ Steutebyteft®^ nobna ar® tteuai^v^ by a visit to Terre Haute, which is about six miles from Saint Mary’s of the Woods, for lunch, shopping, a moyi®' These trips mute tteminatb intimbibrail to be haefe f®3P dinner at six o’dpuk* Further pltesure is found ip
Indiana High School Teachers Will, Study Safety Here June 8-13 Teachete from all over will come here June 8 to 13‘for the iiitensive teaining tepurse in traffic safety; to be offered by the University under the direction of Lieut. F. M. Kreml, dirbc|or of the University Public' Safety Inteitutei Lieut. Kreml will be assisted in presenting the course by Marion Telford, director Of field activities aiid cphsultaht • biti Child vsafbty of the National Safety ’Council; J. S; Baker; committee bri the driver of the Natibnal Safety Council; ahd George W.'Darton; manager of the highway traffic department of the Chicago Motor fcluh; : ' '■ 'V 4New'Indiana Daw A new indiana ia'®'^ makes' it compulsory for high schoOlb to teach 20 hours bf iristfuCtion in traffic safety to all students'at some time in their high school careers. The text to be used in this coUrse, entitled “Traffic Safety”, was ■te’itteh by Lieut Kreml, Miss Telford and Mr. Baker. The purpose of the short training eburse to be held at the University during the week between the end pf regular SChobl seteioh and the start of the summer session, is to acquaint high school teachers with the instruction booklet and offer addi' tional material concerning traffic ■problems.;" V "'Regular'..Classes'. V Regular classes will-be conducted iii additioh to round-table discussions concerning driver education, bhild safety, and other traffic prob-
lems.
the session will come to a close on Saturday, August 8. An unusual number of special features, attendant on the session this summer, including the science institute, vocational teachers’ conference, and cout^ in public safety are attributed to the motivating'influences for the raerbased eimollment. . . ’ Classes Doubled. All regular classes and laboratory periods will be doubled due to the short tiiue in whhsfasto teittplete;^ works-Three flill coutees Will be^coBt sidered a normal load and special permission will be necessary to car.!' ry nibte 'T^® be made up of teachers in accredited hi^ schPols, gtedtete teudentevte^' cial stedpnter incoming fresiiteteLwlm'’^htpE^^ advanced credit before enrolling in
the ■■fail.-.
I 1
i
i I 1 I.
The University R; G. T; G. unit te® been accorded a rating of Excellent for 1936 as a result of the annual national inspectibn held here May 7 and 8, a letter to Pres. E. G. Elliott written by Maj. Gen. W. E.: Gble, commanding general of the fifth corps area, stated today. The letter complimented the corps highly on its excellent shbwing. This is the thirteenth consecutive occasion bn which the cotes has received
a rating of Excellent.
Murphy Talks On Democracy H. G. Reisner, R. C. Fuller Speak On Memorial Day Program A plea for wide siippbrtrbff ote: system of; democraite gcratehniete was sounded by Prof. Gharlte B* Murphy, of the History, ^verament and Economics staff of Purdue University at te® ahnute! MemiteiiJ Exercises Sattnrdte^ in Eliza Fitesili er Hall. Mtephy spoke on “Fteward teth Demberacy’^as the principal feature of the tribute to Purdue men ahd women who had ditei in military service and Alsb ttete w1r> passed^ away during the ptef
year.
President E. C. Elliott presidedat the exercises, which included brief talks by H, G. Reisner, of iWest Lafayette, oh •; the Memorial Citesnasium as a memorial to the University men who died in the ■football wreck in 1903, and R. C. Fuller, president of the Student’ Union, oin the significance of the Memorial; UBibh F^dii^ to the WchM victims from Purdue. ’■ The neihplbgy wte tetel by ■ M. Lv Eishte ahd"’f^ firing of tito; national salute and placii^ of memorial wreaths by Purdue R. O. T. officers, followed by the sounding of taps, completed the program.
I
■ ->?SV
■hoteebtek ridingi^te. sport for which Saint Mary’s is noted, ^most all the girls ride, and receive instfuc-; tibh a fbrmte captain in the Uiiited, States'cavalry. The rcampus, which covers a thousand teres, i^ a uhteTOthih ittelf. M ite all Itedsctete^ uffich of the work being plahhCd hy Piirdue landscape architects. In front of the teaim ‘buildihg ’afe ; thrbe sunken ■tejptehs buteburided by many color'fid flbwer teas..'i:Zr;.,;-V;V.;'V Mote of the Supplies used by^e teUeite ate Pte^Pted Oh the campus, There teetteekfateiis for fmts^^^^te yetetaffiete chicken, farms, a state dairy farm; a private coal mihei^ ted a powte plant. Gn the aateph® titete. ia te^p “ Ptiteto hostetal, a phateoacy, a hotel; teid a gplf course. The hotel is owned by tjte college, yrhicb Mtes ate^^te manager. Thete^S tete^O in fw *te use of the members of the college bnly» and ho fete art ®te^8ed to
them.
Un tte (Gtetlhted te page 4)
Summer Session Mixer Seheduied F or Juuc 12 Opening the; summer-school social season, the first summer, session mixer vriB b® held in the ballroom of the Memorial. Union Build ing Saturday> June 12. A re®®Ption will he held prior to the dance. Entertainment for : the evening will include a fibof. teow and fefrtehments. The orchestra for the tag dance has not yet been selected. Admission to the te®®Ptibn and dance ■will he free.
jCo-ed Roonung Holise Planned For Next Year i A rbcmiing house with actethiobM dations for appi^imately^ women student® ytiU bq opeted bn the west side of the campps hate ytef accoitehg to a teatfemehtteteb by Miss Clare Goolidge, assistant to the dean of women. The house Will be run on a plan similar to that (te the Residence Hall. Further detoils terny bb obttened from "Coojidge.: '"V
'‘i'-Zllil ■’ - ''Ui
Faculty Punishes 10 Joy Riders Ten students who went on a ^joy ride” early Sunday morning have been penalized for their disregard' of University regulations, it was announced yesterday. They will.he given “C’s” in all courses which they had not then completed, and will be placed on unwritten prohation for one year. The official announcement did not re’real the names of the ten.
g® ^01 -A-'.'’
W
Gala Pro^^s Still Avapable Leather hound; editions of CkHnmencement programs are still available and can he obtained at the specif desk in the Memorial Union building between 3:3ft and
b'clock this
Fiva teht'^'V^'’
announcements will also he on sale-:
il ; I
yp
■
T
. 1986-1936 Member Associated Collegiate Press C01XlEMAlE’l)roEST
tteraber of National College Preas Association, Big Ten Editorial Association . . Bxrinsivelir Represented By Natiolhal AdTertlBing SeirvicS, InCi ' 480 Madison Avenne, New York City Sintered as second class matter at the post office, Lidiayette, Indiana. Delivered by aSaii, $8.50 per year ; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
Bnsiness'Phone '6038
WLABH OBTTCE—812 Nortb Fifth Street
: Editorial Phone 603,7
Daily Sttident Publication of Piirdufe University
EDITORIAl, STAFF w ..W. T. Hunt H* Morris Associate Editors..i.K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster; R. P. Manion, O. D. SadlCT Bold and Black TMifami „ . —..,..;................Geneive Sexspn, S. M. Truitt
Sports Editor^ Associate Sports Editors,
Bosinees ManagerLoeal Advertising Manager. National Advertising Manager.. Cirenlation Mant^er-
SPORTS STAFF
D. Wood
.'.S."k'. Griffiths, B. F, Obenchain, D. F. Wilson
BUSINESS STAFF
WOMEN’S STAFF
..R. J. Hulse
..J, P. Girard
. JHeleh Creech
Associate Editors.. Advertising Manager.
..Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Betty Barnett
Tuesday, June 2, 1936. Issue Editor—-K. E, O’Neil Auf Wiedersehen As another year draws to a close, and as another group of seniors prepares to bid its last farewells to Old Purdue; the Expomewt, too, must say its goodbyes for 1935-36. A most Successful and happy year it has been. Next year the Exponent will greet you with a bigger and, we hope, better paper. Starting with the first issue on September 12, the "paper will immediately begin its regular publication schedule, and its readers and friends will be glad to hear that seven columns, rather than six, will be the vogue next
year. '
Until September, then, we wish you all the best of every-
thing, and hope you have profitable and enjoyable vacations. While we think of it, attendance at the summer session might
be one of the most profitable things you could do.
To The Seiiicirs ■ A week from today members of the class of .’36 will officially begin what promises to be fruitful years of labor. Though they may go far away from the banks of the Wabash, we know that they will always remember Purdue for the advantages it has afforded them and for the many friendships and ideas they have collected during the past four years.
ni. Homecoming and Gala Week are but two of the times when especial effort is put forth to get the grads back on the campus. But the graduate’s alumni relationships are just what he chooses to make them. Cooperation with the Purdue Alumni Association is the biggest opportunity for making the most out of these opportunities for continued contact with the Purdue spirit. Purdue is always ready to welcome those who spent four years, more or less, as members of its community.
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. More Aboiit Grades To the Editor : I have heard vague rumors that there is in existence a socalled “sliding scale”, by which instructors are supposed to award grades. It seems to me that this “grading curve”, if there is such a thing, is not known to many professors, or else they casually ignore it. Why isn’t something done either to make the faculty as a whole comply with this, or else substitute a grading standard which would provide at least a little bit of uniformity?—Jack.
Editor’s Note: The question of how grades should be apportioned is indeed a perplexing one. However, it seems that the correction of any deficiencies that might be present will have .to come through action of the faculty itself. Outside forces apparently have little influence in the matter.
History Repeats Itself
c
With these few parting words we say farewell to all you faithful readers and contributors of this, pur column. —Stu arid Susie.
Knowing that all college students are interested in improving theiT yoeabularies, We offer some neW definitions taken from the American Hirinoiist magazine: Petting—a wait effort. Taxi—the longest distance between two points. Traffic light—a little green light that turns red as you/approachi. Socialism —^ Upmmunism with spots. \ Sex appeal^That which makes little doggies pull on their leashes; little tommy cate howl at the moon; little hoys Kiss little girls and big boys sit up nights hunting new phone numbers. Worry—interest paid on trouble before it becomes due. If you love ine i Like Hove you— Then shame on lis! .Tech Collegiate revision of old proverbs: , A ditch in time saves writing that theme tonight. People who live in sorority houses should pull the shades down. Tomorrow is another date. When Greek meets Greek, they fight over a rushee. Soft soap turneth away cinch notices. Browttjanjd Gold Shoemaker’s new " Union promises a street dance durin^sunimer school. See you then. His best friends wouldn’t tell him so he flunked the exam. POEM. Breathes there a man, With soul so dead, who never to himself has said, “Vacation’s here, Now I go home, -—To bed.” (As is Truitt’s policy.)
Mentor Plan For Freshmen 200 Students To Guide Incoming Frosh During Orientation Incoming freshmen next Septemher will be ediKsated in; the wilris^, college life by an organized group pf irientprs; If the sj^teiri: ripw bBji ing organized by P., I. A, goes through. The plan will regemble the W. S. G. A. meritor' systein fpr women, with over 200 mentors giyirig advice to fi’eshmen. ; r ^ Although the plan is being put into effect by P, I. A. under the direction of Ni IV^ Parkhurst, sophomore agricultural student who is chairman of the mentor committee, the plan will be non-partisan. P. I. A, has assumed the leadership in the project for this year in order fd: get the plan started. ^ ' Each of the 200 mentors wifi be in chatge of ten freshmen with whom he will keep in contact, offering advice on college problems. The mentors will be responsible to the executive committee which, according to Parkhurst", will be composed of 20 picked students and three faculty advisors. Parkhurst said the executive cominittee woxdd not be ccmposed entirely of P. I. A. men, but organized men Were welcome to serve. The council will be responsible to Parkhurst, according to the present tentative plans, The University is backing the project and will communicate with the prospective freshmen by letter this summer explaining the mentor system.
CO-EDITS
(The MicMgan Daily) \ , Rob Wagner, editor and publisher of the west coast’s young but highly popular weekly magazine. Script, has the delightful habit of stulifying the forces of reactionaryism. The New Yorker of the west. Script’s columns carry some of the liveliest refutations of the anti-Roosevelt alarmists published today. In last week’s issue, Rob printed excerpts from the “out” press—^typified today by the Detroit Free Press and the Chicago Trifoiuie—-of the days of Abraham Lincoln. In reprinting these passages Rob assured his readers that he did nothing more tlian substitute the name of Roosevelt for that-of Lincoln. Some of these quotations follow: “Roosevelt has expended more money and contracted more debt in three years and a half than the entire expenses of the government from its organization up to his advent as president. ■ / ■.' “Roosevelt has usurped all the powers of the constitution ... has succeeded in bankrupting the nation . . . is striking down state rights... “Roosevelt is directly responsible for the high prices in the necessities of life ... “Roosevelt, the most miserable civil and financial failure the world has ever seen, is trying through his patronage and power to re-elect himself to the presidency.” And then Rob suggests: “Fifty years hence when the ‘out’ press is throwing eggs at the incumbent presiderit, another ediW will be writing: ‘That’s the same stuff they were shouting at Lincoln, the Man Who Saved the Union, and at Roosevelt, the Man Who Eased Us Into the New Social Order Without Bevolution.’” / vIMi undoubtedly requires one reservation. Roosevelt has
But bhe of our strongest suspicions is reaffirmed. The D. A. B aud other che.uvinisU^ organizations, pledged to carry out the ideals of their ancestors are really emulating the enemies
Plan 3 Weeks Crop Course Applications for enrollment in a three weeks’ intensive course in forage crops are still being accepted by the University of agronomy department. The course, which is scheduled, to run from June 8 to June 27, was planned to meet the growing demand for specific knowledge concerning the grasses, clovers, alfalfas, dnd other legumes. The regular lecture, seminar, and laboratory work will be supplemented by frequent field trips. Application for enrollment in the course may be made to Dr. 6. H. Cutler or Prof. J. H. Lefforge, Purdue University agronomy department.
An Exceptional . . . 8II lu iM e r I; ime # PP © r t u 11 i t y POE— SALES-MINDED COLLEGE MEN •Continental Motors Corporation wants college men with sales ability to sell its new low-priced, portable" air-con-ditioner for homes and offices. This air-coriditioner washes the air, removes dust, soot, smoke and pollen, and makes room atmosphere clean, pure and wholesome. It deodorizes. Contributes greatly to the summer comfort of the entire family. Increases the work output of business executives. Wonderful also for rose fever and hay fever sufferers. * Its popular price puts it within everyone’s reach. Weighs less than 10 pounds; sells for $13.60 east of the Eockies. Substantial profit for canvassers on every unit sold. Pay for your education this coming year by accepting this pleasant occupation during the/summer months. For full information write to CONTINENTAL MOTORS CORPORATION Dept. A, 12801 B. JEFFERSON AVE. DETROIT, MICHIGAN
Seen while driving back from a week end at home, the family being gracious enough to entrust the car tp our tender ministrations for the remainder of the week, a sign after the manner of the “Burma Shave” ads with the message “moriey spent on booze can’t buy shoes” . . .a gentleman posing on a handsome' black horse .. . three CCC workers blocking traffic at a busy corner trying to thumb rides ... a coffee shop which recalled pleasant memories of a dinner eaten there ,Jong ago i . . a gray stone court house built in the style of a Medeival manor but with the moat miaRi-ng .. the city limits of Lafayette with the peak of Heavilon Hall first visible reminder of school and three more finals.
With the present school year fast slipping into the limbo we would extend to those of you who are graduating the best wishes for your success in what we have been repeatedly told, is the beginning of a new phase of life. We would also
Extra INA RAY HUTTON AND HER MEUODEARS in “Accent On Youth”
TODAY - WEDNESDAY
' Plus Patsy Kelly Comedy
FAwou? IN mmm histoki' SINCE 1652vlS LUCATEO ON IfiE CAMPUS OF ST. JOHNS COimB, ANNAPOUIS, MAR/LANl>. ■MM
.(FIHELEHlOl^ ,R|RE TEAMv BROKE 1599 OUT “0Ff6OO lARSEfSFOft A WORLDS REOORO.C
.©AjCPi.
M omo OJICK ATffiNDS ^ EASTERN ILUNOIS'STATE TEACHERS GOLLBSE '
SENDYCMR. CAMPUS CAMERA ArtATERlAL TO POSt OFFICE BOX 472,AAADITON. WIS
Super Serjviee TRY IJS
EDDIE YUILL
ask that your initial plunge is hot too difficult. Those of ,us who remain are left to carry on the work of our predecessors. As the enrollment of women in the University increases the problems of the co-eds on this campus change. The first trial by fire will be the changed rush system to be initiated in the fall. If sorority prejudices can be laid aside, the lengthened rush period can be used in becoming better acquainted with the incoming freshmen, pgrmitting more intelligent selection on the part of the new co-eds and the chap-, ters concerned. This step towrird deferred rush is an opportunity, not to be overlooked, for placing rush in the light that it should appear rather than a time when everybody
LAST TIMES TODAY JOBPENNER - JACK OAKIE in “COLLEGIATE” and GENE RAYMOND in “Love on a Bet” cM^OiEiii
WEDNESDAY QNLYI :uIbo; GEO. O’BRIEN In “Thunder Mountain”
RAY WOOD
does as many underhanded tricks as possible and still tries to f eiret out the slips of the enemy. The proposed mentor system, if well carried out, should be A definite improvement in the problem of the adjustment of a freshman. This project will need the concerted efforts of the entire group that has been selected as mentors and its success will rest entirely with these co-eds. Lastly may we wish you all the most pleasant vacation possible and the most profitable one as well.
AThlnkiusfeibw CaisaYelbW
Yellow service is quick and courteous.
And Yellow cabs are comfortable and ■vi’ell kept.
5023
Phone
3071ICAAAATrackTitle
I , (jotttell University won the t. C. f ; ,, ,, A. A. A, A. track title for the first
time since 1919 last Saturday afternoon on Franklin Field at Philadel-
I ^ V, ^ phia* After taking the lead from 1 Harvard in the qualifications, the " Sthicans went on to a clear cut and I Vs conclusive victory over the Crimson. . , Harvard’s captain, Milton Green, I vl- was the star of the afternoon, running a magnificent race in the hur- . , dies and also making a 26 foot lump • ' ' in the qualifications of _ the broad
jump.
Women are more severe in their judgment of character than men,
psychologists believe.
iiii:litLED»:SELF^^ SERVICE CUTS FMTERIITY CCSTS
Fot; th^ past .5 ye^s the Irvins Serv iw Bureau ai SCTvice to fra' ternities ahd sororities which 'has the
follbwing features? '
lACGqjUNTlNti:
i j • A Monthiy Sudit of the boohs, i • Budget^ plah of operation. ], a ^inanoial plans; jwwNAGkM : ■ • Mainteriance of operation on a cash Ibasis. a x i in u m iiualfty, miniihum ' ipricei .. .. ■ • Coordination of purchases with plan . |for operation to eliminate waste. j • Lack of efflcioncy annual ehSnse of, the officers of the fraternity overoome.;^. '
U-S-Ci^Team
G. An Young y)V.<
Crawford’s Win Over Allison Cinches Australian Victoi^ Jack Crawford and Adrian Quist garnered the tennis laurels of the day yesterday by running their score to 3 to 2 over the Americans in the American zone Davis cup series and thus becoming the first team to ever defeat the United States on their own soil since zone play was first originated. -
Crawford Wins
Starting out the day With a 2 to 1 lead over the Americans, the Anzacs increased their lead to 3 to 1 by virtue of Jack Crawford’s five-set victory over Wilmer Allison, The scores were 4-6, 6-3, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2. Having thus cinched the series, the fact that Donald Budge kept his singles slate clean by defeating ^>^--|T^iSt in three si^aii^^ 6-2i;6-^
Young Leads Low Scorers
6-4, Tvas to lio avail;;
The above service has tbe "bommenda-. |tioii_of college deans and fraternity executives' who know of its accomplishhnehts.-■' ■ ■ : Interviews On fraternity-problems cordially given.
Inriiie Servise iureav FRED P. IRVINE' tUaxiinuni Service Minimum Cost Riley 5655 Riley 5760 SOS Circlo Tower Indianapolis, Indiana
Purdue Tsdtes Third In State Track Meet in the Indiana state track and field meet, held at Bloomington last Friday, Purdue took third place with a score of 13.6 points. Hotre Dame Was first and Indiana, second. Donald Lash, of the Crimson, set the only new mark, in the 2-mile run with a time of 9 minutes, 19 seconds. Pqrdue’s points were accounted for by the following men: Gpory, fourth in .the mile run; Bluemel, third in the 440; Eeed, second in the discus throw; Lemen, fourth in the 220 low hurdles, and third in the high jump; GlCndenning, third in the half-mile; Vaughan-Catt, fourth in the 220 yard dash; the mile relay team finished third.
Just the place for Light Lisiiches... After the theatre, refreshmemts... Late eyeming smack. Manhattan Sandwich Shup 510 Main Bt., Lafayette
A, y-- 4-.' 4BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS 4- 4 4- >4 4 + 4-4^4 4 NATIONAL LEAGUE
. ■ , W. " -.L.', Pet
St. Lou{8......„ :..27 14 .669 New York... ...............26 17 .696 Pittsburgh — -...21 20 . .612 Chicago..... .... ........... .20 20 .600 Boston.....^.-... -. ...20 ■ 28 . .466 CincinnatL...!.......— .....19 23 .462 Brooklyn....... 18 26 .419 Philadelphia...... 18 26 .409 AMERICAN LEAGUE
. W>- I-
30 13 ..26 18
Allen Awards 29 Numerals To Frost Trackmen Prof. H. C; Allen, freshman track coach, yesterday awarded numerals to th0 lU^hy deserving men dii his squad. His Outlook for next season’s varsity Was extremely^ brig& cording to Gqa.ch Allenj outstaUdiing prospects Svdre Al Bod^u, in thd middle distances ; Tom Collis, in the pole vault;. Ben DiNapoIi, in the spriiite; Don Long and Kraft, in the distance Tunis; J. T. Murphy, in the shot-put and javelin, and Eric Wadleigh, in the sprints and broad jump.
; -i,Awards ■ '
Those freshmen who received numerals for the current season are: M. 0. Bell, A. C. Bodeau, P. J. Bushong, T. Collis, B. DiNappli, E. J; Fyfe, A. Gaulke, E. K; Hinshaw;, R. H. Jacks, E. J. Kelly, A. P. Knapp, N. G. Kraft, D. R. Lotig, S. G; Luther, J. M. Lyles, J. Lynch, M. WMcKinney, W. T. McNaughtbn, R. B. Marpzick, J. V. Mazur, W. B, Miller, J. F. Murphy, E. J. Wadleigh, B. D. Witwer, H. J. Zink, A. S. Ippolito, J. Mihal, W. L. Vergane, and
D. 6. White.
New York..
Boston...
Cleveland..
Detroit..
Washington-
Chicago..
Philadelphia..
St. Louis..
4 4
4 4
4 4- 4 4 4 4 ' 4 TODAY’S GAMES 4:4 4 4 4 4 44 NATIONAL LEAGUE
Pet .698 .691 .686 .628 .600 .475 .826 .286
4 4
New York at Chicago. . Brooklyn at St. Louis. . Boston at Pittsburgh. Philadelphia at Cincinnati. AMERICAN LEAGUE Detroit, at Philadelphia. Chicago at New York. Cleveland at Boston. St. Louis at Washington.
Monkeys are not socialists, but rugged individualists, says a U. of Missouri psychologist. We are not quite sure what this proves.
c'in;::
Faculty GoU Tournament With 243
By L. d. Busch.
In the faculty- golf tournament, which was played last Saturday on thp Lafayette public golf course, Professor G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering, school, turned in the low score for the team representing his school and his 77 was good enough to beat that of any other entry. Professor Young is noted for his ability all over the campus and there are few in the University that can better his
scores. «
Pharmacy School Second The other members of his teami Professors VeUemann and Rubenkoeiug^ Mrned in cards Pf 80 ahd^ 86j respectively,; for: a teain tPtal of 243. i This was; esi^i siTpkes; better than th^ team sepre of pharmacy s^polv^i^w^ ThrofessSbr H^ W. I^ine^^^k thp iast with a card of 83. Others Wm'P the athletic and agricultural eiigiheerihg departments, having scores pf 271 and 299j: respectivpl^^ ,
Final Matches
Prof; Young will plajT Prof• Heine, Prof. Venemann plays Pr^L Parks, and Prof. Rubenkoenig will oppose Prof. Jprdan few the faculty championship at any time that the matches can be arranged. Medals will be given to the winner? of these
games-
5
vis of the Entomology departmeou^ the reason for this being the frequent early spring rains. Prof. Davis recommends that preventive measures should be taken at onee to get rid of these annoying and dis-ease-carrying insects. Chemical
varsity extensioit trailed m,
Mosquito Prohlent In Indiana*’, can
...
Cure of the imtiohal affliction, is held to he the first goal y
of physical eduakHon.
Miss Harriett Naumaiui, instructor in advanced design classes at P’urdue Universityi is to spend the summer attending a New York City Art School and in eastern-travel.
Miss Basel Landin, of the Purdue Home Economics Staff will spend the summer at her home in Washington. She will attend the meeting of the National Home Economics Association to be held in Seattle in Jnne.
Stamp-collecting is passej dullj uninteresting, according to CCNY students, who prefer dancing and basketball as hobbies.
Ad in The Minnesota Daily: “WANTED—3 men, 2 who like on ions, 1 without.’^
Students
Before you leave don’t forget to visit our new Jantzen Beach Shop, Here you will find just the style of suit you have been looking for. Let us fit you perfectly in a Jantzen.
For the men may We suggest the Jantzen “Topper.” The Topper is the tops. It was originated by Jantzen and is the smartest, most practical in men’s swimming apparel. It can be transformed from a complete athletic suit to trunks in a few seconds. It has the shaped Lastex Suhaka support exclusive with Jantzen. And the racing type leg insure greater freedom and more sun exposure.
© Jantzen!
LAWN MOWEES
Bkessteaed and need Boiowefs.
N««r rad
BLVnr
BesffSns Mowera $S.2S rai Ifiew- . wrs eaSM Yb-r rad dsISveiied. Fo Joso MilMipt ^ Son
soe-ii NoirtSa Wim
PkMie 2828 LBfajrette, Ind.
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 605U
DR. A. M, miON Demtli^t Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4966
SPARRENDAffl. Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometnat 504 Mhin Street
We MMke apoUeatira ptfinsee fw fl.U per deeen. Bpeeliil price en leta eC aftr or more.; Rembrandt Stiidki - le?: Vtae';Bt.:'.' ;/ Wi''.14ft?r*We,
For Teachers
Agriculture (Vocational) Ind. Arts, Hist., Phy. Ed. Ind. Arts, Comm. Ind. Arts, Math., Phy, Ed., Gen. Sci. Art Supervisor Art, Phy. Ed. Comm., Phy. Ed. (woman) (man Comm., Music, Phy. Ed. Comin., Art, Music Comm., Soc. ScL • Coihm., Math.’, Eng. Comin., Biol., Coach Comm., Latin (man) Coinm., Latin, Phy. Ed. (woman) Eng,, Lat., Phy. Ed. (woman) (man) Hist., Eng., Phy. Ed. ^ Soc, Sci,, Sci (physics, chem.) Soc, Sci,, Phy. Ed. Voc. HomcEc., Phy. Ed. Home Ec, (Voc.), Comm. Home Ee., Music Home Ec., Comm., Phy. XM. Home Ec., Latin, Phy. Ed. Home Ec., Eng., Phy. Ed. Math. (Masters) Math., Latin, Phy. Ed. Music (man) Music, Art Music, Jr. High subj. Music, Hist. Music, Art, Eng. Music, Art, Phy. Ed. Music, Eng., Phy. Ed. ■ Printeipal, Hist. Eng. Principal, Soc. Stud., Ind. Arts, Phy. Ed. Principal, Hist., Biol. Principal, Latin, Math., Phy. Ed. Principal, Soc. Sci. Asst. Principal, Math., Sci., Latin Wart Principal
FLOYD E; WILLIAMSON PresMeut Hoosier Eddcational Service, Inc.Licensed 317 People Bank Bldg.
WJE SUPPLY
furnish you aU the linen you nefid for any occasion. Just phone us ' and we’ll do theYe^.
WHY
Look yoilf bekLfo^ Gie eloslhg affairs of the -year. ■
Our White
It's net secret here that Freeman Shoes are our "jpreferred stock", because once we introduce you to the^ handsome, fine ^oes you, too,, v^l say, ''Give ine Freemans" from now on » » » Styles galore —> all sism.
Wenwtfkfrl49
ifif ilHffoM
412 Main St.
We extend to you out heartiest congratulations and wishes for a successful and happy career. Your faithful patronage during the last four years has assured us that Hirdue students are well pleased w^ith the f ood and service they receive at
\.r'
i s’M:' ^
IMh
Risk Dental Clinic t #Altt.’A.BISK i'"^* ?■’" .i'5 5 KOVEEt G. RISK - ..4, KAROU; 3. RISK {.UTBER A. RISK 'Im
Hit wll> , V-8 FOED TAXI CAB ; BittK^Gtra'It^ Sjiedtl^Oeeaa^^ SBc per paasenger amy plot «f tka ailr , sess PHOKSS 1*71' :\::::TEL!iOWSCAB^'C!€K^^^
;WatcfelllS&^'/r,.::, I^is is all #e do, boit Wallace .Bloek.:
Tjrpewriters, Adding ,Madiines>~ For sale, rent, repaired and bjought. Jdultigrnpb. and mimeo^pb work done. C. F. Eberahoff, 606 Main St. Fhone BIT#. . > . , _ , . Wanted Passengers,.- tQ^ JSTew York State or Massachusetts leaving June 4 or 6. McEachron^ 409i
Wanted—Student to work for room during summer in comfortable W. Lafayette home. Write TEN Exjponent.
L<wt---Teie^
where between the rear entrance of Physics' Building and horseshoe courts east of . Armory. The telescope ■ belongs to the civil school. Beward,/ Call 3777 or 3267 and ask for WoOdson. V
As the 1936 term is:|d<^ing V xlnneSrd; /
wishes to: thi^ eadii and all fm their patT’nnage. Farewell. and' lots of luck, Seniors.'/ . ■ BERT.., ;V,,
High School^ ^ wife spending sunimbr lh city, Connected with Varsity Landscape Service. Desire to care for fraternity house. Cali 3824.
Wantedr^assexiger to Portlandj Oregon, or vicinity. Phone 66822.
NOTlGES iip:»iiWiW/nwiii^ehWt;i/p»W!«.
A. S. M. JB. BG^&liai«-^.Ciet msgazISeB, momberahip carda. and pins in Paof. Lndy’s offices,,Kean,41$.not<nvailabl«. ’ ■ —SHXBLDS.' '
Delta Rho Kappa—Meeting at 4:30 today in Union. Election of officers. —ROBBINS.
/ Scabbard and Blade—-All members initiated last fall call for shingles at Pi Kappa Phi ‘housA —GLENNY.
Retiring Pratemity Presidents—See that assessments are turned In to Stock at Phi Kappa house before June 16. —KETTLE.
Tau Beta Pi—Get paper weights at 116 East Oak Street. ^-BURNHAM.
Especially LoW j^Itates on Long Trips REIMERS’ 1^14- N^4llfsl'
Civil - Engineering Camp-::;A11 students planning to attend camp and who have not received copies of camp bulletin and information sh^ts get them in room 102 of the
Civil Engineering Building.
—TODD.
Registration Workers—Students who wish to work for the registrar during the September registration should make application
at the registrar’s office:
—STONE.
^ Ithaca, k Y. (AXIP)—flfore is the cold dope, says a ycolumnist in The Cornell Daily Sun, for journalists who can*t find the proper word or, phrase. It; is,- in fact, aprimer for jumalism students. Q. How does one learn anything about Washington ? A. On high authority. Q., Does the President ever have an.opinion.Z A. No. He is always- represented as believing. ' Q; What is the nature of a rumOr in diplomatic circles ? A. It is authentic. Q. Is there anything else it might be? y Ai Yes. K might hWWeii-grdun#^
ed.
Q;/ What shpi^^ investigatipift or’inqu^v|>0'«yi(b^ " ' A. Appphei..-'/ Q. .^hat is a probe like?; A. Itds sWeepiUir, exhaustive, and seardiin^. Q; What happens At pr<A^ A, Persons Are flayed, scored dr lauded.'/-':/;-:: Q. How/do injured peiePnis get to the hospital? A They are rushed there. Q. Do sodely weddings ever take place at iiB o'clock ? A. NP. They alWas^ Pccur at high noon./.'-:-/,;'-Q. How do fires start ? A. They are of unknown origin. Q. When a crime is committed, how sPon- may police be expected to make an surest? I ijA Befoi^ nightfall. • ViJhen a crime involves more thati pne .person, how are they described? ■ A.. Asya:.ring.> , Q. How big is the ring? ^ A. Nation-wide. Q. How do they catch a ring? A. Police spread a dragnet and scour the country,. Q. What are robbers like? A. They are daring and bold. ' Q. How do you describe one robber? A. As a lone bandit.
part that has- made Q]
it is to- '
day. Your confidence in us has ’ made us what w^ - alfe. today and we trust we have merited this belief ‘ * sincerity . . . Those feturnihg next, year ‘ | We hope to have the pleasui*e of serving again. ;
■-■i ■ .0.1- fc' d.t.
.ti ^ ;
Disciplinary Measures At Saint Mary’s School (Continued from page !) .
there is alPP located the PrPyidence convent. In the surni^ the students of the convent take their academic courses in the buildings 0^ Saint Mary’s cpllege, at Which time there are no Saint Mary’s students on the cpmpus. Liberal Arts School Saint Mary’s is mainly, a Catholic liberal, artg school, with, mi^^^ and ait as inain departnaents. ^Home Economics and finance are now offered, contrary to the original rigid liberal arts curriculuni. There are about/. 26Q girls enrolled in the school, with practically every state in the union represented. The athletics of Bose PPlytech, in Terre Haute, are eagerly follow^
Girl Reserves Play_ Day—Will following women promise to assist at play day Thursday? Meet in Women’s Gym tomorrow at 4 : Duiiwoody, -Harlan. Hawkins, Cult, Halstead, A". „Spfth, Burkle, Arnold, Lillian Davis, Hi^hreys, Nichols, Harry, Newman, An4a Dunwoody, Ilgenfritz, Peggy Hamilton, Elizabeth Maier, Wiley, Alice Harrington,- Jean Campbell. —ELLIS.
Freshman Track—All men receiving hu meral awards in freshman 'track -report to the gym as soon as possible to be measured for sweaters. -v .,.-fallen.
Baccalaureate Choir—^Meet in front of University'Halk At-li80 Thursday-for picnic. All of those who can furnish transpor-
womea, The men from Bose are frequent guests at their dinners and dances, and by special. permission Saint Mary’s girls may be granted twelve o’clock permission to attend a dance at Bose Folytech. . , Saint Mary’s has not adopted the now popular system of student selfgovernment, but is supervised by the dean-of women.'There are many
clubs connected with every department of the school as well as a weekly newspaper and a yearbook. The musical and dramatic organizations are especially well developed., There is much spirit at the school, which seems to develop with ,the years. Alumnae are frequent visitors on the campus and their endowments are many. . '
Mk is your best food— it*s packed fu^rof liutiitive elemeats tliat''yoiir body needs. Bich la minerals and rich In food
rs.i'r *:* t/ q/-
Kappa Delta Rho fraternity announces the pledging of J. P. Kirkpatrick, Mishawaka; J. R. Kriegbaum, Huntington; and J, W. Beers, Lafayette.
tation besides Netherton, Wood, Lhhr,- Poorman, and Stevens please leave message er call me some-time tomorrow. . —BRUBAKER.
Mortar Board—^Meeting for all old and new members at 4 in W. S. G. A. office. —ADKINS.
LiP'
I^^efpAodersQa wishes all of you the best of l^ck. ^ ^ ^ When you come back to visit 01d.^ui^]yL<^ 3ure to come in and see your old friends.
01 i
Bi|d Afabdma.... Phone ^4B We NeVer Close
I ^ M ■ ■i.i/
*EmACIATED POCKETBOOK
UNION BUS STATION 5th & PerrrSts.
J^O YOU have that empty feding in youi r pockets? Do you lie awake nights, trying to f^ure how to make a dime do the wedi^f a dollar ? Is this condition chrohic? Donft ^ve up! Even if your best * :nds can’t help you, Greyhound will! You’ll get results the veryifird trip. There’ll bo extra cash in your pockets-^you’ll feel, better after a pleasant, convenient journey. Repeat the dose every time you travel. Fattening the pocketbook is guaranteed! To have your prescription filled, drop in or phone this office. ''.g=v4 -'/•■J