iPliiiiiiilS
^bJiime 55, No! 14
Purc||ip tafayettei, liiduna
Welcbmes Students t To Oi:^n prill Session J
iiuesday, Scf>fdmber 22, 1942
IWBtWiNHAM
'.I
V- -A statement ffom Colpn^ last night cpnjSrjneii the niwnor that top-ranking Cadet Colonel A1 Jackson would be the member of the cprps sejjpieted to ride in Dorothy Laihopr’s car upon her entrance ^ the mammoth bond rally to ihe: held Thursday night -in hoss-Ade Stadium. Also accomMiss Lamour will be a Ijailpi- from the Naval Training School who will be cbosen later. ," Dorothy Lamour will make her enti’ance, accompanied by her guard of student service men, at 9:17:p. m. in an open car swathed in light. As ^|l^e; car circles the outer track, each ;pf the bands. West Side and Jeffer!ppn High Schools and the University Band, will start to play and pontiniie until the car has reached the sta^e. There the welcoming digpifpries will greet Miss Lambijr and present her with a bouquet of flowers. FpUpwipg that'she will inake hhr Contribution to the general en-. tel’tainment of the evening and lead !|he audience in the' “Star Spangled iBhtvnepi’’. Prptpptipn School To Appear • ''B^pducei’--Albert P. Stewart anppU:^ed'• that ’ th&e Would be ' a de'mcm^rutiQn by' the staff' of'the ^biwiliM'I’^ptectiGn School. They will show hqW to cqmbat different types of; • ihcjsndiary bombs: 'and general hfS^e flfe-fjghting'" technique; '' of‘the high points of the ‘f^felfjiilgtWiU be featiired St 8 p. m. 'Wbefl-fldttijnandef R. H. 6. MatheWs, ‘IffeNRj 'wiill'induet the' Navy^fe uew■pst’ beer pits froin;'this area into the Service. Following the induction, ' “Anchors Aweigh’’ will be sung by the University Glee Club aiid Navy inen and Will be accompanied by the Jefferson High School Band. The program will begin at 7 p. m. -Thursday with an organ recital and ■will Continue, according to schedule, until 10 p. m.
Debris Ann00teh Beauty Confest 'fi6^&s
lart A* ? P. M.friday
iNfWWbSr W
Exponenf', Student Union To Aid Yearbook In Annual <^nipetitioi|
, Joining the Debris to make the Annual B.eauty Contest ^ greater fete than ever, the Exponent and Student Union announced today that the affair will probably take place on the
Promoters
“BEAT FORDHAM!” will be the battle cry Friday night whpiiffdr the first time this semester theBoilermaker grid fans assemble for the first mass plep session, starting at 7 p. m. in
With a last minute rusli before the 10 543 deadline last night, front of the Unibn,' ' '
wee end of homecoming. The queens will” be announced and students placed fourteen more queen candidates in the race ' Gathering at ^ the corner pf' U?ant and State streets, the presented to the public at the Homecoming Mixer Saturday, for. “Queen of the Sandbags’^ who will rule oyer the Sigma fans will march, amidst the beatingnBdriims,\blaring of teass
■D^TTn4■i-\Tfct o ii«4- , - '' ■ , *'IlGTnSj‘ftnei tooting of the Boil-
after the Wisconsin game.
Delta Chi’si Riveters Rassle October 2. The list of nominees •-
Rules that will govern the selection of the queens have been teoludes Vivia,n JPe.tersop, Prjta Kqmarappa, Jeanne Patrick
Curvacious
announced as follows: 1. Any coed with the exception of former Debris beauty queens may enter, 2. There is no limit to the number of contestants from any one organization. 3. Entries must be submitted at tbe West Desk of the Union between Monday, October 12, to Wednesday, October 14. 4. The preliminaries will be run
and Burly Bob Seepurger, crashing the list the first day. Those nominated lasWight were the Alpha Xi’s Wirginia b , . ■ Barson, Theta’s multitudinous
Ruth Frier, Pat McUoughlin, and Betty Ann McCreery, the Ghi O’s Alice Chatfield, Bi Phi’s Sis Wiley, the Delta
Union To Hold All-Campus Bowling Meet
ermafcer Mascot whistle and ringing pf its bell, Jiorth on
Grant to Stuart Field. largp bonfire will await
the rally and members of the coaching : staff will address the crowds qn Stuart Field across from the Fieldhouse. With only four days
, . All students wishittg to run as until the session, fraternities, orGam s many. Ruth Wilcox, - of the StuiJept Senate'F4aized houses and Cary Hall Dotty Dittman arid Jean Thompson, mlist have their petitioris in the gi’riups are Urged to get their ireshWRH’s Mable Vaughn and Tillie Seriate ofliee fey 6:Sppvm. tqmDrrpw ' men into the'crinstfucHpri of, signs Croll, - Novadale’s House’s Penny everijng. Each pefetidri" thi|St Be and posters for the parade. Last
Another all-campus bowling tour- Pennington, Alpha Ghi’s Nedra.Ann signe'd by at least fifty members of year’s pep meetings were adorned nament will be sponsored,fey the Pierce, and the Kappa’s Mary Lou the cahdidate’s own school and class with I'Bfeat Fordham” “Ram the
and should be'accqmRWied fey Ojtje Bains,’’ “Rope the Hull” and other
off the following Tuesday. Student Union this fall. The league Sternberg.
will recdVe^insUui^^^^^^^^ this year will be imn on the same . Ballots came in in every shape dollar, the regular fpe %Vfefepg tfee appteferi^^^^ placards,
r, H posture basis as last year’s ; that IS, the con- Especially interesting petition. Petitions aie still riVafeable ' AiVards tyefe given last year, also,
6. The femr winners will be given imlM(l^''laS team wS ™ office iir thc Bnion.^ ■ ■ te LheV be^ ;boo^^^r^entation^ than, as incUvicluals. L,acri team wiU g^j^, ifs almost quotable; “We, the Elections will be 'herd FHday, However, it is riot <tefinite wh.at will
full page pictures in the ’43 Debris, consist of five members, who, with nT.riovoio'nori Ur. \oTaW UQTawi+u ■
7. Contestants will be judged on another team of five members will <^0 hereby,, herewith, when eight sophomores and eigh poise, carriage, figure, beauty of bowl alternately on two alleys’ hereafter nominate Virginia juniors Will be selected to hold Stu
Dorothy Lamour
David t. Ross
The Military Department has just been notified that the quota for Advanced Course students in the . . was reported to be resting quietly at 9 p. m, yesterday. According to the physicians attending him, his condition has not changed since the last r.eport aiife no fiigps of a turri for either better or worse have
been noted as yet.
face and eye, presonality and charm. o ' .- i i \ for “Queen of the Shim- dent Senate membetehipfi dprjpg jtfee Eriday feight to enable a complete
8 The iudft’es of the event will not done by teams mering Kails”. We consider the fol- present semester, .^ny member tnky rep'r^Sentaticfn at the event,
bo announced until the dav of the and the total score of lowing reasons sufficiently obvious then be nominated for ' another "^ruce Adams, senior yell leader,
the team members will constitute to warrant her nomiriation; Waist, term. ufged that the entire student
*^^9 The preliminaries will not be ^^® ^he 26 in.; Hips, 36 in.; Bust, 36 in.; Any'student rated as.a'sophomore body turn out to show genial Elmer .„p’n tn tho niihlio • tournament will last a minimum of Neck, Yes; Bust 36 in.; Complexion, or junior in the University riiay ppr- ,Hw?Jnham.tfeat they are back of him.
P ^ ■ 11 weeks, and at the end of thattime Fair; Bust 36 in.; Hair, Dark; ticipate in the election's, either qs
the twohighestteams,in eachof the Bust, 36 in. ■ a voter or as a candidate. Fdufesente^ ” two brackets will be pah ed off for Million Votes Apiece ators from each‘claijs will be elected the finals. •, As things now stand, each of the A’oiri the Engineering schools,' arid Maximum—24 Teams seventeen candidates, Seeburger in- one each from each of l;fee fqHoyyipg Since the tournament will be run eluded, has one miHion voteS. yot- 'tehools: Agriculture,‘Hoifee Ec, Sei- .’? on a semester, basis, only 24 teams ing for “Queen'of the Safedhags”, ence; and'Pharmacy or physical E^-
will be allowed .to participate, the top queen,»will start immeiiiTherefore the first 24 teams to sub- ately. Each vote for a candidate mit entries will be the only teams will count negatively. The' candito play in the tourriament. Entry date who,: by 9:36 next Monday blanks may be obtained at the Stu- night, has the most votes left from dent Union office. the million gifted her last riight will In order to make this tournament become winner. If one wishes a
creased. This permits'.the enrollment a success and'fair to all involved, particular lass to win, he will have immediately in the junior class of a the following rules must be strictly to vote against those competing
number of eligible students. All stu- enforced: with her.
For Advanced Course
ucation.
dents who have completed the Basic 1. Only those persons whose Runners up to the “Queen of the Course ROTC, and who have three names appear'on the official entry Sandbags” will become iri order as
or four more terms including the blank will be allowed to participate.
AH bicycle ridejrs .siding p#ter d^rk without head light will be brought into City Court and figed. Tlie action is necessary due tq increasing accidents.' ' ‘ ^ —West Lafayette. Rplipje Dept.
Poririerly held in connection with the Indiana State Fair, the Indiana state junior livestock and dairy jndgipg eferitest will he, held this yeai- here at. the University, it was announced by J. C. Ralston of the •state 4-H, ClPh oflftee here. He said tfeat as,a result of district elimina-
■ War Training courses in Engineering, Science, and Management, a^. offered by the University in most of the industrial centers of the state, 'are designed to train men and women for technical and supervisory jobs in war production. The University is offering a wide range of courses, some designed to prepare trainers for new fields of ;Work,' others to fit thbse already etfeployed ifi war activities for more difficult and responsible assignitierits. They are contingent upon the demand for such training and subjects to approval by the U. S. Office of Education. Additional courses will be offered where needed. >'■ Although ESMDT courses are offered‘without restriction as to age, sl^, race;' of ‘ condition of employ'ifeent,' applicants must be employsible'at 'th'6 kind of work to which the'pfajnirig' is directed, 'and must irieet the repuireinerits of the course. These requirements vary ■with the COiriplexity of the subject arid the pufpose' Of 'the traitting, i ranging fvoiri' 'high ’tehool graduation only to engineerIrig de'gf ebs. No Gofresporifience Courses ■ classed receive' personal instructioh ffoiri qualified teachers. No cofrekpopderice courses are offered, ijiltihofegh’ 'iristructiOn "is Of college Jb'^pk'ESMDT courses are not a 'substi’t'tite for regular college courses Ipijdifeg 16 a dpgi'oe. On the basis of 'a'fctendafece, 'dairy grades,' tests, sifed qufertei’ly'grades, tfee Urtiversiiy' 'wifi awarp' certificates to trfe'ifee'e's ^hp satisfactorily complete a:^i,odrsp.' ' '■Idpkt ■ of the glasses meet two' or thi'ee evenings a week, although day classes and' full-time courses are available "to mdet specific needs. Starting dates vary with localities. All courses are 12 weeks in length, two three-hour periods a week for a total of-72 hours, except as otherwise noted.
PHychpiQgy Staff Men To Speak In Chicago
present term in the University and 2. The teams scheduled to bowl, who desire Advanced Military train- in accordance with the schedule aping, are urged to consult Captain pearing in the Exponent, must ,apMcMaken in the Armory for full de- pear at the scheduled time.
Dr. Joseph Tiffin and Prof. Rus- tails. 3. Each team will bowl three
sell Greenly of the division of edu- Enlistment in the Army Enlisted games a night at a cost of $3.16 per cation and applied psychology are Reserve Corps is required for. stu- team. This is $.20 per game per man included in the list of speakers at the dents entering the Advanced Course plus $.16 per team to be used to
19th annual convention of the Na- rqTG. Students may apply for the buy trophies,
tional Association of Foremen, Advanced Courge though not en- 4
which will be held at the Hotel Sher- listed in the Reserve Corps and be rules will be cause for forfeit. The
to the number of votes they receive, “Queen of the Screaming Sirens”, “Queen of the Blackout”, “Queen of the Shimmering Rails”, and “Queen
of the Sub PuhV. Legal (?) Voting
fi.ori epritests held, last spring, 34 jOhipr livestock judging teams and 34 daify teams ■will be eligible to cofripete foi* the state honors and
awards.
Prfd. G. F. Cobble and Prof. E. A.
. . . social fraternity, announces GannonjbothoftheUniversityiasthe pledging of the following: T. R. sisted by several vocational agriDririkwater, Chicago, 111.; E. Cum- criltui-e teachers and others, will
Saturday.
“Merit Rating” will be tfec topic of Tiffin’s speech. He will cxplairi thp results of experiments he has conducted with the cooperation of industry within the past few years. . Greenly, who will speak on “HOw
p ing, as a ways, wi be in the jYiitis,:Canonsburg, Pa'.; L. E. Gould, have charge of the contests,
form of stuffed ballot boxes. Each Dayton, Ohio; W. L. Herrmarift, Chi- Fric^iay morning both the livestock vote, however, must be on a sepa- cago, 111.; C; H-johnsori, Peoria, 111.; and dairy judging contests will be
Failure to follow the above j.ate piece of paper and will he de- S. Lomorit, Ft. Wayrie; D. M. feeld'~arid'the Contestants will he will be cause for forfeit. The nearest waste basket Long, Newark, Ohio.^ ^ '' taken'oft a tour in the afternoon,
enlisted when selected tor the Ad- vice-president in charge will have . ... . , j. • D. K. Needham, D. H. Rodgers, ff. J. Reed, Deah of Agriculture at vanced Course. Graduates of the complete control of the tournament "’V being tabulated if said T. Rodgers, New Albany ; E. Qg- the .University; and Guy Cantwell, Advanced Course ROTG will be and any questions arising will be Quantities are received otherwise, den, Louisville, Ky.;. E. S. Silvers, secretary-treasurer of the Indiana
Withless than one week before elec- Evanston, 111.; R. H. Stackhouse, Board of Agriculture will speak at tions close, heavy voting is expect- .E- G. Rogers, Indianapolis; W.. S. the banquet to be held Friday eve-
ed to begin tomorrow. Ballots may ; W^Senhals, Chicago, Hi.; D. G. riing; '
commissioned as Reserve Officers settled by him.
upon completion of the prescribed , Official entry blanks are to be course at? a special service school filled out and mailed or delivered to which they will attend after gradua- the Student Union office not later tion. Upon accepting a commission than Sept. 26. As the tournament
be left at the west desk or down
Wunderlich, Dubuque, Iowa; J. Abbett, D. 4-16^nder, J. Pierce, W.
Results. To Be Announced
Satimday morning at 10, after in-
Tallis Your Foreman.” is on leave they will be discharged from the starts September 30, this is very on the horseshoe copy desk in the Lafayettfe; R: G. Scfeirn'inril,'Miltpri,'spectirig the soils, swine and the of absence from the University. Army Enlisted Reserve Corps. important. Exponent office,,. ^ ^ ^ ^fops eiperimental farms,'contest- ' ^ , - ants will feieet at thA experimental
fariii where the'results of Friday's
contest will fee announced.
' Earih of the four members of the livestock team whose total sum of the .three gf a.des is. the highest will receive a fifty dollar war bond. The higli team will also receive a $200
By lim lilton . , ■ x .-.i
c. 4.U 4-- „ , ro Spivak all made then- names at Glen Smooth syncopation via Claude v i rrt, 1 Ml • ... 4. 4-u„ TTv.:.,^,. Islaud; but Thornhill is one up on Thornhill is the cue to. the Univer- , ’ - . , , , , , J f 4,14,.;, most of them, for he has played at sity eds and coeds for an evening ■ , , ’ . . ; , „ J . 1 ■ 4.U. TT Glen Island twice and is already of dancing pleasure, as the Union s , , , „ ., . , „ , , „ . • 41 '4 1 booked for a thud engagement for
band parade .swings into its grand . ^ ... , ^ . 4.,- 4.i,„ the whole ot next summer.' ;
finale with the presentation of tho . , Thornhill band in both ballrooms In order that we may better unfrom 8:80 to 11:30 Friday evening. f®«tand this organization,^ let us
. . . look at the man behind it. The vitai
The undisputed right to hear statistics of Claude Thornhill re“Music That DarcssTo Be Different’’ that fee is a'Hoosiev,'born in can be purchased lor a paltry $1.65 Terre Haute on August 10, 1911. He (the regular price) at the booth out- indication of his future career side of the Sweet Shop, liekets are fi,st piano recital at the age on sale now- ^nd his eight piece orchfesDirect Fro|n Glen Island tra, organized the same year. ConClaude Thornhill and his prclies- tinning his musical studies, Thorntra comes direct from the famed hill enrolled at the Gonservatory of Glen Islari.d (iasinp at New Rochelle, Music in Cincinnati fo study conN. Y., knowns as “The Cradle of cert pjauo. He left the'C'onservatofy the Nation’s Lc'afiipg Bpricls.”' In afi- to play ip 'a dance hand. His' pavditioii to 'riiorphill, Ciiavlos Bprnet, ents soon put a strip to this, and he Casa Loiua'; Jiirimy Dorseyj Larry enrolled 'at the''Crirti.4"'^Institute, Clinton, Gleun Miller and Charlie.'where hj;s airaugirig talent came
Maestro
into prominence. chestea, in appearance as Well as in trophy from the Indianapolis Belt Arranged For Kemp striking instrumental effects; Railway and Stock Yards Company. In 1927, Claude joined Austin Instead of limiting, tfep hfriss to The siirgle contestant with the highWylie’s orchestra, in which he trumpets and trripafeones, as the est total grade op all livestock formed a lasting triendship with average orchestra leader d^oes, dassiek' judged will receive a $100 Artie Shaw, He left Wylie to become Thonihill has three trumpets, two scfeolarship to the Hniversity, and arranger for Hal Keirip and followed trombones, and two French horris, the second highest scoring contestthis with arranging work for-Benny usually a symphony' insteririiant. ant 'will receive a $76 scholarship, Goodman, Morton Downey, Bing Thornhill’s reed section is similarly both provided by Kingan and ComCrosby and others. He formed his imortliodox.' He has feyg' fej^n P.^^hy ftf Indjanapplis.
doubling on saxophone and clfermCt, Trogfey To Be Presented plus orie who plays only the clarinet. Similar awards will fee presented Thornhill On The Piano to wirirters iri the dairy judging conStandout musicians in tfee band 'test withthe$200trophyto,bfr preare Nick Fatool, famed HrifeBy Gpqtl- pented by the Indiana State Dairy man drummer, and Cpprad Gozzo AaspeiatiOn. Four $50 war bonds by '
thing, and that something contains and Rusty Dedrick on trumpetS and tfe^e Indiana Hriard df .Agriculture, a quantity of both the good to see Claride,, Thornhill at the piano. VilL' felso contribute t^ dairy and the good to hear. It is one of Thornhill at the piano is realty scholarships to the University, the biggest organizations among somritfeiag, but strictly on the sensa- The competing teams in both contho popular dance bands, with twen- Hofeal side. His pippp i^ hpa^ tfe leste kiH fee'awarded blue ribbons ty-one people, including himself at telling effeefein the bea,Qi'itfel''tfeeine for fpp ones, for the ninnfi. nnil ■fniiV* viSnsinalo ’ TTn"_ Of'triia ’mhnrn'Vini Ktt-nU' ” 'tile 'middle 'rank and wfeltft vlfehAUp
owri bajid in January, 1940, and already has had engagements at the Hotel Pennsylvania, New York, the Mark Hopkins Hotel, San Francisco,
and at Glen Island.
This hand evidently has some-
Jhe piano, and four vocalists. Un- of'the Thornhijl baridj ^‘^towfall.’' Claude Thomhill^ortliodoxy is the keynote of the or- which he himself composed.
for the, lower tanking teams.A
II-
III yjii IV III! I J^Urdue Exponent Tuesday, September 22, 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices: Iditorial and Butinan, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Editnr'in-CIiief..., ........John F. :A«nOB News Edilor... Don T. Broph}’ •VrartaKinif Editor.. ..John H. Armotront Spor:s Editor Robert L, Haihf Easiness ManaKer..., William D. MiUard Citculaiion Mnnag-er Ken K. Cijemre Coed Editor : Alice Chatfeld
Publication Staff ■ Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswlnkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins, A. I’.' Hunter, 0. .<W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: U. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, B. 1,. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Manager: Jnlia Martin. Advcrtisiiis Managers: J. M. Wright, D. lo Johnson. Circulition Manager; G. H. Klouman. -Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junicr Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent EditbrMti-Cfiicf BaHa Manapinp Editor. ;.Ed Htunphrcy Business Manager BTlwin WMbauim Coed Editor Roberta Keaal^ Sports Editor... BUI KiUigrew Advertising Manager .....Scott BroWn Accounts Manager .George Paine Circulation Manager. Harold Hendricks Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Wolf Sports Editor: Dawson Ba.v Editor: Ahrens Issae Editor: Murphy 3*cpoiiers: McGill, Donham, Richardson, Vermilion, Hardy, Tilton, Ford, Porter, Patry, Baynes, Lynch, Winslow, Davis, Emilh.
Entered as second class matter at the post oipfice in Lafayette.. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in flection 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Puhijplied on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a stmtster or $3.00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a scme.^t<'r or $3.60 for two semesters. Slimmer semester; mailed subscription ^1.50, Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.,. College Publlshfers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
In
At the beginning of the present semester the University began a new grading system which was designed to eliminate the H grade used in fonner years and put the University on a'ihofe equal basis with other universities and colleges in the nation. Under the old system an H grade was rated numerically at 6.5 in calculating student indices. This caused a great deal of dissatisfaction not only in the uneven manner in which they were awarded but also in transfering credit to other universities. Unfortunately, however, there is a wide difference of opinion among professors and instructors as to the proper interpretation of the new grades. Generally the interpretation has fallen into two classes, both based on comparisons with the old grading system. Ope group of instructors consider the new 6 to be the equivalent of the old H. This makes little or no change in the system except that it lov/ers the yalue of H from 6.6 to 6. Surely this is not the change intended when the revision was made. Other instructors interpret the 6 grade as a combination of the old H and A and grade down the scale accordingly. This lowers the students grades and what was formerly an A or A—is now a B or B—. Students in the University are thoroughly confused about the manner in which they are going to be graded and after talking with se'ceral instructors, it seems that they too ru e mixed up on the procedure to follow. Each on i.:i, a different interpretation of the system and each is determined to do it in his own way. Since this is the beginning of the new plan, it vv'ould seem logical to start it in the right vvay and thus eliminate changes later on. Therefore we suggest that the faculty committee formulate a definite ruling on the matter and thus help clear up the confusion which now exists among the faculty gnd students. —-d.c.b.
Sportsmanship...
This year, for obvious reasons, traditions and customs that mean much to Purdue students have taken a beating. With the added term each year, the traditions surrbuiliding .senior cords and mustaches have suffered very much. S.eniors having only three months left in schodi have already started wearing their coi'ds; and freshmen, in flagrant misuse of a tifne-honored custom, have already started shaving senior mustaches. Both of these viokitjop.s form a convenient nucleus for ■ the abolition of the tradition which they disregard, , Ua.St Sunday the Exponent published rules ar . ci down by the students own governing body, the Student Senate, concerning mustache shaving. Quoted from these rules: “Any such shaving which does take place will occur within the following time limits only—from 12 o'clock noon on the Thursdaj;preceding the first home football gamb until, 12 o’clock noon of the day of the game, but in no cases earlier than 8 a. m. nor later than 6 p. m. ,Xh^ Senate, by this action, is trying to preBevve tradition-77not destroy it, and the administration of the University is standing
GRIN /^ND BEARTT
By Licllfty
' _ Tm U. 6ll. GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Obstinate Navy Chiefs Reject Andy Higgins' Tank Lighters Until Final Showdown WASHINGTON, Sept. 21—^An unbiased study of the Army and Navy leads to the inescapable conclusion that one deterrent to early winning of the war is the brass hats’ complete confidence in their own bureaus aftd their inability to take suggestions from the outside. In fact, suggestions from the outside in some cases have been bitterly resented. If, for instance, the Army Air Corps had not gone into a tantrum over the suggestions of Major de Seversky, our fliers might not he haying such a tough time combating the Jap Zeros today. Or, if the Bureau of Ships had not been so adamant in rfebuffliig Andrew J. Higgins, the New Orleans sttiall boat builder, we might be betthr prepared for a second front today. But Major de Seversky is Russian, speaks iriiperfect English, doesn’t care how he offends the Army. Air Corps generals, instead of taking his suggestions, did their best to avoid him. Yet he is a genius when it comes to air design and the nation would be much better off had the army listened to him. Likewise, blustering Andy Higgins can be very disagreeable, likes to write insulting letters to admirals, gets on almost everyone’s nerves, but is a genius when it comes to small boat design. His ability regarding large 10,000-ton freighters, for which his New Orleans contract was cancelled, never has been tested. But for small naval landing boats, Higgins rates at the top. • Preparing For Second Front To prepare for a second front, a meeting was held at the White House last spring, at which the Bureau of Ships was instructed to build a large number of tank landing boats as quickly as possible. Prior to this White House conference there had been considerable tivalry between the Bureau of Ships and Hip^gins, as to which had built the best tank landing host. The Bureau had designed its tank lighter, and froivned upon that designed by the braggadocio Andy
Higgins.
However, as eady as Aug. 4,1941, one year ago, the commander of the Atlantic Fleet had reported: “The importance of the following advantages of Higgins type tank lighters over the Bureau type (Bureau of Ships) is so great that it is recommended that no further contracts be awarded for additional tank lighters of the Bureau type ...”
• Bureau Jealousy
Despite this, however, the Bureau of Ships, jealous of its own “Bureau” design, refused to do business with Higgins. It-felt, according to Captain N. L. RaTylihgs, “that the Bureau type of design, although it hpd not been built or tested, offered the
proipisq.’’
University Calendar ' Tuesday, September 22
9:00 A.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
9:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M.
Debris Senior Proofs. ..E. Reception Rm., Union Debris Pictures, ’ South Ballroom, Union Alpha Phi Omega ... Room 305, Union Alpha Zeta Smoker ;.W. Faculty Lge., Union Wednesday, September 23 Debris Senior Proofs ;......E. Reception Rm., Union P, 0. M. M. Picnic
burden of increasing physical preparedness will rest with the elementary and . secondary schools, since this is a job requiring much
Starting next Saturday, a “physical fitness” clinic will be held at the University for thp principals and
best physical education instructors of all
the high schools in Indiana. It has
’Therefore, the Bureau of Ships, after the White been pointed out that the major
House conference which determined on a second front, ordered a large number of its own design tank lighters, and placed the orders with various Navy yards,
giving Higgins no orders at all.
The first of these was finished in April and tested work over a long pezlod of time, at Ipswich, Mass., in calm water, where it was found The one-day clinic is being sponihat the Bureau’s tank lighter had no directional con- sored by the divisions of physical trol when the engines Were placed in reverse. Again education for men and women at the tests were held in Philadelphia in early May, where University and the West Lafayette it was found that the lighter could not back off the High School. Most of the day’s acbeach after landing, unless the crew rocked it back tivities will be held in the Fieldhouse and forth, meanwhile racing the engines at top speed, gymnasium. After registration However, despite the deficiencies shown in these two there will be a sound film shown entests, the Navy stubbornly proceeded to develop its titled “Making the Most of Playown type of tank landing boat and to ignore the Hig- time.” Prof. F. C. liockema, assist-
Sophomore Men When the University applied for its ROTC units it was agreed that the University authorities would “use their endeavors to promote and further the objects for which the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps is organized.” The principal object of the ROTC is to produce reserve officers. Recent .statements of the Secretary of War and of the War Man-, power Commission indicate that the ROTC advanced course students have the best chance of any to remain in the University. In view of this all are enjoined to urge sophomores to apply for the ROTC advanced course. Edward C. Elliott, President Frances Helen Milns
gins type, regardless of the effect it might have upon the lives of American soldiers or the success of a second front. Prestige was more important. • Higgins Wins OutCaptain Dan Barbey, one of the most efficient younger men in the Navy, was present, and wrote the following report; “En route to Fort Story, the Bureau tank lighter skipped so much water off Thimble Shoals that it was forced to turn back for fear of foundering. The Higgins tank lighter reached Fort Story successfully and disgorged the 30-ton tank on the beach without difficulty, except that more time than necessary was taken in the disgorging operation because the tank commander feared the water was too deep. This did not prove to be the case. “To put the matter baldly, the Higgins tank lighter fulfilled its mission under reasonably rough water conditions and the Bureau tank lighter did not.” Yet some officers in the Bureau of Ships still wanted to stick to their type of lighter, despite the need for speed and the impending urgency of the second front. This, however, was promptly over-ruled above. It was immediately decided to biiild Higgins type of landing boats from that point on. A telephone conversation next day between Commander E. E. Roth of the Bureau of Ships and Captain John D. Crecca of the Boston Navy Yard, said in part: ....Commander Rotk: Commander Daggett (chief designer of the Bureau lighters) took a plane and went up to Philadelphia and he’s just coming back at five o’clock tonight. But it’s true. I can’t imagine anything that would have developed today , to change it, and you’ve got to adjust yourself and make out. We’re going to make them all Higgins type instead of Bureau Type.” Captain Crecca: Well, they’ll handle the work just like they’re handling it now. Plans and all ? Commander Roth: Yes, I think they will. There’s no change in the set-up. But what you heard as rumor is just as ti‘ue as it can be and I’m very sorry to have to confirm it.”
aside until it becomes necessary to take official charge. If the freshmen want to destroy this tradition by invoking an administration ruling, and if the seniors want to foster their disloyalty by weai’ing their cords in this most traditional of Purdue weeks, this editorial is naught. But if we, as a student body, want to hold to what we already possess, to have fun and good sportsmanship, rather than hatred and enmity, then we would do well to observe these reasonable rules. Remember above all, that a Boilermaker is a good sport, and secondly and only secondly, he is a good barber.^—k.k.g.
ant to the president, will then of- ... National Student Secretary flcially welcome the visitors. of the YWCA in the Geneva region, The preparedness program used {3 on campus this week cbnfei'ring at the Iowa Naval Pre-Flight Train- with YWCA cabinet and Advisory ing Center will be discussed by Mel Board. Miss Mains is from the ChiTaube of the University staff; and cago office of the YWCA and works the high school physical education the coJlego units in the nine state.s program of the y. S. Army. Air surrounding Indiana. Corps will be outlined by Prof. F. R. Eastwood, also of the Univer.sity
Staff.
Demonstrations of conditioning activities for physical fitrie.ss will be given by boys and girls follov/ed by a demonstration of the University physical preparedness program. A discussion luncheon will be held in the Union'cafeteria at noon, and in the afternoon all attending the clinic will be the guests of the University at the Purdue-Fordhain football game.
DR. M. P. LORD
DENTIST
306-
■7 L.ilayel'te'^.He Bldg.
—TODAY - TOMOROW—
theS
BALMIEST HIT!
TODAY and WEDNESDAY GUNFIRE ROCKS THE WILDS
bud
LOU
■i&exx FALCON GEORGE SANDERSl WENDY BARRIeI RKOlRADIO Picture — ALSO — CHAPTER I
POPEYE CARTOON
'LAKE CARRIER'
A Defense Reel
Those
HeltnonyHUa
m
Of College Reservists Because of the many questions being received from students relative to enlistment in the Army and Navy Reserves, the following extracts from the joint Army-Navy-Marine CorpsCoast Guard College Procurement Committee Factual Pamph-, let are being published: , ’ “The Army and Navy jointly have agreed that, in the case —I— ^ — —— of students who have enlisteiJ
Personnel Notes
Brewster Acromauitical Corp., Johnsville, Pennsylvania-—Septem-ber 23 and 24. Aer E, ME, CE. Sign in Personnel Office by 3:00 p. m., Tuesday,. September 22. Proctor & Gamble Companji', Ivorydale, Ohio—September 24 and 26. Group meeting for all interested engineers in Room 304, Union Bldg., at 7:30 p. m., Wednesday, September 23. B. F.. Goodrich Co., Akron, Ohio —Octobers. Aluminum Company of America, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania-^rrOctober 6. Interested in MetE, ME ChE,
PSE, EE.
Packard Motor Car Company,
in the Navy or, Marine Corps Reserve, and who enter colleges or universities having compulsory military education, the Navy will discharge such students. These students will be enlisted in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps and upon completing the'sophomore year, or upon leaving school prior to that time, such individuals will, at their request, be discharged from the Army Enlisted' Reserve Corps and again enlisted in the Navy or Marine Corps Re-
serve. ,
“No enlistments in the Naval Reserve will be made from the freshman class.” “The actual enlistments of ‘sophomores in the Naval Reserve’ will
“i thought i might pick up some new commando tactics, here!”
Aircraft Engine Division, Detroit, be completed at the termination of Michigan—Interested in December the sophomore year. , Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office “Students who have been previ-
by Tuesday, September 29.
University Road School
Next Saturday morning, Sept. 26, the program' committee of the University Road School will hold its. annual meeting. This meeting will be held in the Cwil Engineering Building it was announced by Capt. Ben H. Petty. Leaders of various cooperating organizations have been invited to attend the session at which tentative speakers and subjects for the road school will be chosen. Capt. Petty will also be the speaker at the weekly meeting of the Attica - Williamsport Rotary Club Wednesday evening at Mudlavia Hotel. His subject will be “The Importance of Highways in Wartime.”
ously enlisted in the Army Enlisted Resei’ve Corps and who do not accept contracts for the Army ROTC Advanced Course will, upon application of this iii’dividual, be discharged ‘from the Army Enlisted Reserve’ for the purpose of enlisting in the Naval Reserve ‘at the close of their sophomore year’.”
-TODAY - TOMOROWDOUBLE FEATURE
The Fun^tes^ laugh and love show of the year!
Paramount presents
with BARBARA STANWYCK HENRY FONDA ■/ —-plusmeet A NEW STAR!
Only tS and the tlngi Uke a miUlon! A NEW WARNER BROS. HIT With PATTY HALE • FRANKIE THOMAS • BORRAH MINEVITCH & HIS RASCALS • Directed by JQ GRAHAM
TODAY and TOMORROW
WAfff m AND ROAR AT THE YEAR’S DIZZIEST ' WHIRL OF lAmnSI
TODAY-TOMORROW
Sfarfs
will be heaped on it for its thrills, for its tense oclventure, for its breathless action, but most of all for its rich, warm humor!
Shute'
s mighty story of today! THE
A 20fh Cenfury>Fox friumph •lorrinp MONTY WOOLLEY (’’The Man Who Came To Dinner") RODDY McDOWALL fThe "Green hoy) ANNE BAXTER Otto Preminger ^1. Carrol Naish fiitunt i>< Wiltlu lir Ml liiiit ly NUNNAUY JOHNSON IliiiWtl ioviNO PICHEl
tJurWAKSTAmu^^
mumu
with Robert Stevens • Nell O'Day Kenneth MacDonald • Richard Fiski Herbert Rawlinson Ivory Tuesday and Wednesday for 12 Thrilling Chapters. Don't Miss One of Them,
I
■V ■ ii
A H
>, I
i
y ri
4 .
>. i
■ I;TuSsday^ September 22, 1942
-f I Boilermaker Sports
Pages,
Walsh, Burnham Make D<ebuts Here
Both facing for the first time their chances at success in collegiate football coaching, Earl Walsh and Elmer Burnham will be looking across the gfid green of Ross-Ade Stadium at each other this coming Saturday when Burnham’s Boilermakers play hosts to Walsh’s Fordham Rams. None too congenial' hosts, local pigskin burlies will be gunning' to keep the new Boilermaker mentor’s record in the black. The Bovine guests will be out to
duplicate that feat for their brand new coach. Someone will have to lose—or tie. ' Pitting into the shoes—large ones —left empty by the departure of Jim H. Crowley, beloved Fordham coach, who is now coaching the North Carolina Cadets, Earl will be playing a large group of sophomores as well as freshmen gridders, searching for potential material to toss against the foes. Follows Kizer, Elward ' Elmer Burnham, stepping into the position of head coach, following the resignation of Mai Elward
to join the Navy, will be working with material he' has become familiar with since hiS entrance into the Boilermaker coaching staff under Noble Kizer in 1935. Walsh, backfield coach, righthand man, and chief scout for Crowley since 1933, has virtually grown up with' the Rose Hill system. A former Notre Darner himself, he knows the Irish style of ball backward and forward. Not only will it be Walsh’s first collegiate invasion, but it will also be Fordham's |first invasion of the Middle West, as the Rams open their
well-rounded schedule of Puydue, the going will not be easy either. Tennessee, North Carolina, West 'The genial mentor will be facing the Virginia, St. Mai’y’s,. Louisiana Sugar Bowl Champs, the Ross Hill State, Boston College, Mjsaouri, and Maroons who are rated as tops in the Crowley’s own Flying (Ja'^is. E^st. He will be facing a system The Boilermaker fraeus will be w^ich has not been uprooted by his test. He will have to &atch the ccjaching changes or changes in syssomewliat weakened lighining-fast tebri. Bovine attack against an \etotirely 'Since the days of the “seven new Boilermaker offensiV’^l^sWip blbcks of granite,’’ and the Saturwestern trip and debut in unf^pfifiar day’s when “Wojie” Wojciechowicz surroundings will not favor hipfa as opened immensive holes in enemy a gfeat handicap Walsh Ibiov^^h'^t lines, the Sacred Bull has plowed to nothing about the worki^s'-dl|^6ead. The piighty Lou De Fillipo Burnham’s new grid systeifei^' '’t'’'*''tllrottled John Kimbrough of the Prom the Burnham |ioint vieW'!' Texas Aggies single handed in the
Cotton Bowl game two years ago, and in the same contest the abilities of Steve Filipowicz were discovered. Big Steve is the Ram powerhouse this, year. i Boilei^makers Remember, Too Duane Purvis and Jim Carter, the “Touchdown Twins” of 1934, along with Cecil Isbell and DaVe Rankin are names which the New York fans will not easily forget from past meetings of the two teams. In the eighth" renewal of the colorful intersectional series, Fordham dominates the record book, enjoying an edge of four victories as compared
to the Boilermakers' two triompha and one tie. National interest has focused on Ross-Ade Stadium, Football scouts from all parts of the country will swarm into the press box to take a peek at the nOw offensive and defensive tactics of these two new Boilermaker and Ram sciuads. Prestige and glory will come either to Elmer Burnham or Earl Walsh for his initial conquest in collegiate coaching- The loser will have to wait until the following week-end to show that his hatful of tricks can produce the biggest show.
Early Drills Inaugurate Q
Piggy's 26th Season
'it ,*■' '•'"i
ports Commuiiiqtie|||i'
By Bob Hadley
Coach “Piggy” Lambert will start his twenty-sixth season as head mentor of Boilermaker basketball this coming December with only five out of the twenty-five men he used in last year’s up-and-down season. Like many of his colleagues.
Piggy has lost valuable men to the Army and Navy.
Two of last season’s veterans. Co-captain “Horsey” Riley and Warren Seaborg, have ! — joined the Army Air Corps 1942-43 season will get under way
and the Navy, respectively, immedately. The three returning major Watches Frosh
, ,. ... „ Coach Lambert, however has his
lettermen this year are Cap-
tain A1 Menke, lanky center gome 125 freshmen candidates, ace and one of the leading scoreis These men will be turned over to last season, Rudy Lawson, who 'al- Coach Fehiing when freshman footternated at pivot and forward last ball fades from view. Among the year, and Hpward Hoffman, soutfi- freshman candidates this year are paw forward, who played brilliant four who played On the Indiana Allrelitef roles last season. Two othei Stars against the Kentucky Allvetprans, both of whom received Stais. These four are Cage of Tipminor letters last yeai, are Swantz ton, who won the honor of Star of an^ Friend. Stars in this tilt, Eitel of Tipton, Vaiisity Practice In November Lodge of Madison and Moody of ilhe varsity team has not actual- Burris of Muncie. Anderson of War-
saw IS another of the more promis-
ing freshmen.
Coach Lambert also has about fifteen sophomoie varsity candi-
ly started systematic practice sessioj^s yet. Varsity men are required to work out throe afternoons during the week until the first part f
November. By November the squad hand for his light nightly
workouts. Most of them are from
will be thinned out to about twentyfive fti^nt’and preparation for the
V ...GREETING CARDS t^>|,ALL OCCASIONS IhitasitK Book Store ^ 4»«uir>^tilnviA»rofB From Union SatatnoDB *29 **Doc** £pp)e *40
last season’s freshman team. Ed Ehleis, Jack Kennedy, Don MeVey and Bob “M. B.” Meyers are among the sophomoie candidates Another hopeful for this year’s varsity is Max Biggs of Jeff of Lafayette. Biggs is a second semester freshman and will bo eligible for the varsity team in January.
ALi.E .„ „ OCNOOL OF DANCI N<i 6fh & FERRY, LAFAYETTE STUDENTS AND COEDS—CLASS INSTRUCTION BEGINNER'S, WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 23, 7:00 P, M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED, THURS., SEPT. 24, 7:00 P. M. — ENROLL NOW — PHONE 2150
Saturday’s soggy game was valuable in that it gave ^^i^^lj^liri^kers a chance to try their attack under high water conditions, I)u| it was ptetty expensive experience. Early in the first quarter, 200-lb. tettej^raan Ewell O'Bryan had to be relieved of his duties at tackle becad^^bf a dislocated shoulder. The injury will keep him on the sidelines for' A' good portion of the season. Out for probably the balance of the year is ^bphomore guard Cecil David, who sustained a broken c((llar bone in a pileup^Wf^t in the game. Several other men received injuries which, although not so serious, will nqt help them agaipst Fordham on Saturday. The counting of the casualties erases the only stat^Yi^f}t,.. that was heard to be made in defense of the weather last week. That statement was that the juicy conditions underfoot made it impossible for anyone to be injured because they slid when they fell and sufficient traction wasn’t available ot drive very hard. It made good listening at the time. Most of the Boilermakers’ Big Nine opponents saw some sort of action Saturday, Wisconsin opening against Camp Grant, Iowa trampling Washington U., and the rest of the schools subduing their freshmen. Wisconsin wasn’t too impressilll in its 7-0 conquering of Camp Grant. The Badgers defense was about 700 per cent better than last year’s but the attack bogged down at the wrong times. Of course, the Wisconsin offense is built around fullback Pat Harder, who was and is nursing a bad knee, and who may not be ready to go against the Irish this week. It will be a tough break for the Badgers if Harder spends much time on the ailing list this season. Iowa had little trouble with Washington of St. Louis, turning them back 26-7, but no one was surprised. Iowa’s line outweighed that of the Bears by about 19 lbs. per man, and it was" almost as ba4 the backfield. They do say though, that the Hawkeyes are improving just' from living on the same campus with Bernie Bierman’s Sea Hawks, who snowed the Kansas University Jayhawkers under 61-0. Maybe the Hawkeyes get up and run their 7 miles before breakfast with the flying sailors. They say it does wonders. Next week isn’t going to tell too much about the Western Conference prospects, either. The Wisconsin-Notre Dame game is at the head of our list, but Minnesota is opening against pore ol’ deemphasized Pittsburgh, Indiana plays Butler, and Ohio State will entertain the lads from Fort Knox. The Michigan-Great Lakes game rates some attention, too. Michigan with Tom Kuzma and Rob Wiese is ■going to bear a lot of watching this year, and Great Lakes—they’ve got their pick of as nice a crop of ex-all-stars and ex-pros as one could ask. Northwestern will have the unenviable task of trying to control the Iowa Pre-Flight Sea Hawks at Evanston. There are a lot of good games scheduled, bue we aie glad that we aie going to be sitting up theie watching the Boilermakers and Rams
open fire.
INTRAMURALS
Harry Wisiner,WJR Public Invited To Attend
Sports Announcer^ To Air Ram Game
The following fraternity softball games will be played Tuesday evening, Sept. 22: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 2 Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Xi. 3 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 4 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Theta Tau. 5 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 6 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 7 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi.
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Nu. Sigma Pi vs. Kappa'Sigma. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Delta Chi vs. Alpha Chi Rho, Acacia vs. Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Chi vs. Beta Theta Pi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Phi. Phi Kappa vs. Triangle. Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi‘Sigma Kappa.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schullz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
The following softball games will be played Wednesday ovening, Sept. 23: 1 Owen House vs. Bivouac. 2 Ward 6 vs. Dover. 3 Ward 9 vs. Westminster, 4 Ward 10 vs. Chauncey. 5 Waid 12 vs. Ward'24. 6 Roachdale Vs. Ihter'national. 7 Maiwood vs, Ciicle Pines.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 21—-A leg injury which he suffered in football at the University of Florida, Gainesville, Fla., and which later forced him to' abandon athletics while a student at Michigan State College, East Lansing, Mich., launched Harry Wismer, well-known Detroit sports radio announcer, on a career which today finds him scheduled to handle football games of national importance this fall over the Blue Network. Will Announce Opener Here Wi^mer’s opening broadcast will be at' the Boilermaker - Fordham game, at Lafayette, Indiana, on Sept. 26. His college broadcasting will be in addition to his regular broadcasting duties with the Detroit Lions professional football team, over WXYZ. Wismer’s athletic career began at the Port Huron high school, was continued at St. John’s Military Academy, Delavan, Wis., before entering the University of Florida. He was a star in football, basketball and baseball. His first radio work was over Michigan State College station WKAR, in 1933, broadcasting all of State’s athletic contests. In 1936 he took charge of the public announcement system for the Detroit Lions’ team, and shortly afterward joined WJR, Detroit’s 50,000 watt station, scoiing a success with a nightly broadcast titled the “Lions’ Cub Reporter.” Commuted 160 Miles Daily All of this time Wismer continued his college woik at Michigan State, doing a daily commuting chore of some 160 miles between East Lansing and De|;roit. In 1936 Wismer joined WJR as chief sports announcer, and the following year became assistant to the president of the Detroit Lions. In 1940 he entered the advertising field, becoming associated with Maxon, Inc., the organization now handling the Ford Motor Company account. While Wismer’s first love is football broadcasting, he also has done baseball broadcasts, and for the past two years has been at the microphone at the hockey games of the Detroit Redwings. Dolphin To Name Pledges At Meeting Dolphin club, men’s swimming ^honorary, will hold its annual reception for freshmen tomorrow evening at 7:15 111 the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. All freshmen interested in swimming ajre invited to this meeting at which new Dolphin pledges will be announced and presented. Refreshments will be served.
Practice Session Today For the second time this season the Riveter coaching staff will hold open drills on the practice field this afternoon. The success of last week’s gathering has prompted Coach Bumham to make all Tuesday night sessions open to the public. Over 1,500 spectators attended the drills last Tuesday, when the members of the team were introduced and the coaches described Riveter plays' with demonstrations by the players, present, in addition to a strong litae, This unexpected display of en- one of the nation’s top backfields. thusiasm by the student body ^teve Filipowicz, ace passer and
has prompted the continuation
... ^ , i ^ blocking back, and George Cneverko of these sessions by the staff, ^^d Joe Andrejeo, whirling dervish Though Saturday’s attendance was halfbacks, are the mainstays of this
greatly curtailed by a heavy rain, combination.
a large turnout is expected this aft- Early in yesterday's workout ernoon. both Bob Hajzyk and-Bob Chester Defense Drills were placing long boots down the In yesterday’s drills Coach Burn- field in a punting drill. This was ham presented detailed outlines of followed by an extended dummy defense designed to stop the crush- scrimmage against five and six man ing attack that the Fordham Rams lines. Orie backfield combination inare expected to present. Although eluded Kenny Smock, Bill Buffingthe Rose Hill men still bear a repu- ton, Hajzyk and Tony Berto, while tation as one of the strongest de- another was composed of Rocky fensive teams in the nation, they Snyder, John Andretich, Joe Winkhave led the eastern teams in total ler and Chester. Still a third group offense for the last two years. saw Andy Berkeley, Ed' Cycenas, Accumulating an average of 327 Walt Cook and Bob Bacfimann in ac-
yards per game in the 1941 season tion together, the Rams were also the east’s lead- O’Bryan Out
ing forward pass outfit. In this de- Considerable attention was devotpartment they completed 46 out of ed to grooming a replacement for 125 attempts with their gain aver- Pinky Warren, the only experienced age amounting to 114.3 yards per left tackle remaining since Ewell game. O’Bryan adoj-ns the bench with a Powerhouse Backfields dislocated shoulder. Clarence KjellOnce famed for their “Seven berg and John Bahner went through Blocks of Granite”, the Rams will heavy workouts in this drill. Ohio State Boasts Lightest Grid Squad In More Than Decade COLUMBUS, 0., Sept. 21—^The lightest and fastest football squad Ohio State University has had in more than a decade will pry the lid off its 1943 football schedule September 26, meeting the burly Fort Knox Army eleven at Columbus. From that Saturday until late in November, the Buckeyes will be in the limelight of the nation’s gridiron pastime, tackling two intersectional rivals, __________________ another service eleven, and six . txr j. j! 0. tober 24, at Evanston, and against Western Conference teams. Wisconsin, October 31. at Madison.
The 10-game schedule is the Nearly Half Are Sophs
stiffest ever set up for the Nearly half of Coach Brown’s Scarlet and Gray. If there’s a 1943 squad of 43 men are sopho“bieather” in the 10-game commit- and it is on these first-year ment Head Coach Paul Brown would varsity men the former Massillon like to have someone name it. wizard will rely most for replaceUnique for the Buckeyes will be ments. Eleven members of the the game to be played against Illi- squad were letter winners last seanois at Cleveland in municipal son when the Buckeyes won six stadium, November 14. The Buck- games, tied one, and lost one. eyes have never played a Western coach could ask for a finer Conference game there. bunch of fellows,” Coach Brown Seven of the 10 games will be said. “Their team spirit is high and played in Ohio’s hoiseshoe stadium they’re in dead earnest about a win-
at Columbus. The Bucks will take oing season.”
the load against Northwestern. Oc- <3oach Blown said the Buckeyes ■, _ -will be weakest .this season at the
tackle positions and in the kicking
Tie a ribbon on your fin^r so that you will not forget to bring your friends to the PURDUE UNION for “speedy” luncheon and dinner engagements. Avoid the rush by eating cafeteria style at our three counters! I There are two counters open at breakfast! JhsL fiwidusL WlmufdaL lAniofL Just take a walk through the building!
department. Offsetting this will be the light-ning-fast speed the Bucks will turn on at every position. Linemen average 188 pounds arid the ball carriers 178 pounds. Nearly Accident Free To date, the Buckeyes have been nearly accident free. Most seriously on the roster is John White, 190pound end from River Rouge, Mich., who is nursing a shoulder separation. White may even be in shape to see action in the opener September 26. Swift-breaking off-tackle plays and end sweeps will feature the Bucks’ running game. “-i.—. The forward pass will be one of Coach Brown’s chief weapons. Among his returning lettermen. Coach Brown terms the rangy end. Bob Shaw, of Fremont, and speed niei chant Paul Sarnnghaus, Hamilton, as “the most improved over last year.” Shaw played a strong defensive game last season and made several sensational touchdown catches. Sarringhaus, more accustomed now to the contact lenses he is forced to wear, is a halfback. His specialty IS end runs and he also will do much of the pass throwing.i-m --t ir?t^ 7^ — K^ Puf^aue Exponent
Kiwlnis To Hold VictoiV Conferen(fe
Hoosier Members Will Meet Here SBpt 27-28; Gov. Taylor To Preside
Notices
McFarland To Speak To bistrict Teachers
Hoosier Kiwanis members will hold a “Vjctory” conference
the 0ampus September 27 and 28, with headquarters at the Ax CnnfQfQnre
Union Building. Kiwanis Governor Lowell Taylor will pre-
side at the various meetings of the group.
Registration for the conference will begin at 2 Sunday aft 0j:;pQOn. Following registration there will be a trustee’s meet ing and the official opening will
take place at 8. The address of the evening will be given by Fred G. McAlister, of London, pnfario, the new international president of the Kiwanis McAlister IS a member of the Ontario Bai.
Johnston Will Lead Panel
5 Monday morning will bring a
History Gov and Econ ‘C’ Kcmoval Ijxaminations for fht rijnoval of conditions jnen anil incompldcs in Hist rtoii and Gov will be held on Sat Oil 10 at 1 p tn in room dll) of the recitation buildiHi? Appli-
cation must be made in advanci
—ESTEY
Debris Pict)iTcs: Coop Houses, SCA Board, Bivouac, Scabbard and Blade POMM, /ouaves and Virginia C Meredith Club, Tuesday Sept 22, starting at 7 p m
—BADGER
Summer Marriage Course Enrollees: Piomiscd booklets from Dr Burkhart are iii the oltice of Dr Wilkening dean of Those who desire may obtain them by calling anytime from 9 to 4 p m
—PATRICK
Tuesdayf Sepiember IPik
: Important meptJftB (tor edges tonight at S '«P P W 1 house Anyone VVitji njbnfy
Miss Wave Bowes, distiict supervisor of teachers of the division of education and applied psychology, announced that the new teacheis of vocational home economic^ of the distiict will confei Satin day at the
University
Piofessoi Murial McFailand, acting assistant dean of women, will be the mam speakei of the confei-
Leslie H Tucker, piincipal of ence which will also include talks
West Lafayette junior high school,
Jr and Sr Enlisted Reservists All juniors ind scnioib in the Ibiilisted Rcscive Coins who aic interested in takmix the eourso m Lculeiship Militaiy Courtesy and Discipline and OiKani/ition o£ the Army should sipn up in tlu Adjutants Ollice in the, Armory piior to Septtmbei 23 ' —GRAHAM Cliemistrj 3 and 4 Examinations for re movnl of conditions will be offered Septem her 26 at 1 00 p m —PEARCL ^
L. H. Tucker To Head Training Classes Here
VIS ^nd Miss Ethel Lewis of the TJ^iveisity staff. Miss Kathleen Jewett of the West Lafayette high school stalf, Miss Maiy Holtman of Ambia, and Miss Mary JVIathei of Mont-
morenci
has been ai^pomted local admin-
e uel discussion on “What can a istiator for war tiaihing classes in ^y^nis club do to fuither the War Lafayette, Prof C W. Beese, diEffort’” T R Johnston, duectoi lectoi of Umveisity piogiam, anof infoimation for the Umveisity, nounced yesteiday Prof Mauiice will preside at the panel meeting Graney is distiict manager foi this
Othei members of the panel will be area which includes Lafayette, Dan- Discuss Problems
C J. Carlson, of Chicago, W R ville, Greencastle, Ciawfoidsville, Loper, of Shelbyville, Geoige Leist, Lebanon, Fiankfoit, Attica and
pf Columbps, Ohio, and Rabbi Delphi
I^eyer H Sjpion of Lafayette Registration is pow open in loom Monday at the “Fellowship 102, Michpel Golden Shops, for wai Luncheon” John F Hull will be the training classes in Lafayette principal speaker In the afternoon Classes in ^ engineeiing drawing,
metalluigy, electrical engineering, management, piecision measuie ments, fiundament^ls of ladio and engmeeimg mathepiatics will be
oiganized
i Raymond Shutz, international trustee, will give the address
Reporter To Speak
Id the evening James E Gheen of New Yoik City will speak Gheen has written foi newspapers as a i eporter ,a constiuctive columnist and a featuie writer His numeious speaking engagements have taken him to 42 states, the District of Co-
lumbia and Canada
The Concert Choir will sing foi the Sunday evening program and the Glee Club will be on the Monday evening piogiam at the Vic-
toiy Dmnei
The entire conference will be devoted to a discussion of the homemaking teacher m secondaty schools of this area Special attention will be given to the pioblems of the new
teacher
Teacheis from Tippecanoe, Benton, White, Clinton, Cass, Boone, Montgomery, Hendiicks, Fountain, Waiien, and Cairoll counties will be present at the meeting A similar conference was held at Valpaiaiso
last week
University To Offer
Ag Short Courses Next Semester
Movies Today
■
I
With the geneial theme of piomotmg training and efficiency for agricultuie, basic war mdustiy, the
A special progiam for the worn- University will offei its annual four
At the fiist meeting of the Uni veisity Student Bianch of the Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineeis today at 7 30 p m m the noith ballioom of the
POMM Meet at the Armory at 4 15 p m Wcdnlsday Sept 23 for the picnic All who wish to go swimming must bring suits
—MORGAN
Juniors and Sophomores Ihcrc has been in increase in the quota foi -the Advanced Couise ROTC All students who have com picltd the basic course ROTC and wlio have three or four tcinis fn tho University and who desiic advanced Military training see Capl McMaken in the Aimory for ditails —McMAICEN English and Speech Conditional Exams Exanriinations for the remov il of conditions in English and Speech will be given on Sntuidny afternoon October 10 from 1 to I in Room 201 Univirsitv Hnll Removal <t condition eaids obtain ible at the English Office should be pioperly filUd out ind the $2 00 fee paid piioi to the examination
—CREEK
Flying Club Important meeting Tuesday Sept 22 nt 7 15 p m in room 102 of the Union All those ipterested in joining the club please attend —CROW Alpha -Zeta Meeting in room 30*5 of the Union it 7 30 p m Tuesday Sept 22 All members pie ise be present —DIESSEIN Enlisted Reserve Corps Juniors and sen lors desiring to enter the Enlisted Reserve Coriis lie agiin leminded that the quoti IS limited ind those desiring to enlist should apply in Room B4 in the bisement of the Armory is soon as possible
—GRAHAM
Skull and Crescent Meeting fhursd iv ScpUmlHi 22 it 7 p m in the Uniin Room will be unniunced later —KING POMM All who wisn to attend the picnic Wedne d iv September 23 please sign the loll on the bulletin boaid MORGAN Christian Foundation Freshman Associa lion Get aequainted meeting to be held at the Found ition House lit S Grant St T.xusdav night it 7 30 All freshmen irc welcome NUSH 1 ormcr Scouts and Scouters Alpha Phi Omega nition il scouting and seiMce hoi oi uv fratcinitj will hold in open meeting Tu sd i> Sept 22 it 7 30 p m in lOom 101 of the Union Piof Phillips will tilk (U tl biilj ct \mLriea Is Be lutiful E\Ljyonc is eoid illj iniitcd
—bender
Debus Photography Staff Debris photog 1 u hy till soplumnes uul juniors niectmiiuesda> Sei t 2 it 4 45 p m
-WALKER
Ijshcrs The following report at the southeast balcony of the Fieldhousfe Wednesday
September 23 at 4 00 p fti
K P AitkcH, R E Allen M W Andcr son E Applegate Ralbh Bailey R S Bakci S E Biker R B Barnes P F Buun]gaidl R J Becker Betuhus M J Biddle E Black J C Bliss B E Bohih M J Boots J P Brebner 1 R Browii W R Calhoun V L Childress T Cohen G W Dicks W Diid/inyki C J Duester D J Duifce H W Eikenberry> John El ichson r G Eurs G B Farnsworth G L losbcrg D H Fox W L Gates G Gifford P A Gutting W 7 Harper D B Hcacock J Ginga C Gossfurdei W HubUd L r Jones J M Kelly E W Klein J S Klcinberg M J Koi,,on F H
Gimlet CXwh
hctivoS and pledges at the Phi Psi hous
from frosh-varsity game
with tfiem
Ith mbpe ‘if»r
Playshop gorprlty Ticket Commjttee: WHl I membets please report total ticl«t sales
01 —SIMPSON
Omega Thei^t open meej^ihfC
bd held Tuesday. SepE 22.
of
at 7 30
Brof - .
‘ Anicrica the Bepijl'fhl
MiUtpry Departmept Bcglstratlpn fefkers Your dhecka may be obtained oy calliqK
I p m in roopi 304 of the Upjo& Phillips will tnik on the siibieCt
- - ■ • -BplJtDBK.
STIRS Mdilt
en includes a musicale, a luncheon, visits to the Music Hall and the Home Economics Building, a tea and the Victmy Dinnei Monday Constance Baum Joins Women's Athletic Staff Constance A Baum is the only new member of the women’s physical education staff She is fiom Flushing, N Y , and a graduate of New York University wheie she
gained her B S in 1939
Miss Baum spent two yeais at Stephens College on the staff and then went to the Umveisity of Oiegon wheie she received her M S , and was a giaduate assistant in the
department of education
weeks’ shoit couises in agiicultuie this yeai beginning Januaiy 18 Four couises, including Geneial Agiicultuie, Animal Husbandly,
Union, the piogiam will consist of McDonall and
a six leel sound movie, “With Wil liamson Beneath the Sea ” The fiist meeting will be a ‘get
oolle\ Rodd-v in,. Baxtei head
Ceii-
Daiiy Pioduction, and Daiiy Man- acquainted meeting and aftei the ufactuieis will be offeied as com- Hiovie, lefieshments will be seived plete instiuction so that students Student who would like to join the will not be peimitted to select sub- oiganization may turn in applica jects fiom moie than one couise blanks at this time
In addition to legulai instruction, students will have oppoitunity to paiticipate in activities such as Wmtei Coujse Agiicultuial Society, an oichestia and glee club undei
the direction of Pi of F E Rob- Sophomoies may obtain then bins, an athletic piogram, and judg- j^asspoits today by piesenting then
Sophs May Obtain Passports Today
Lambda Chi Alpha
ing contests
The Daily Manufactuieis couise will include studies in buttei making and plant management, the dany industiy, dany plant mechanics, ice Cl earn, testing milk and milk piod
n ucts, market milk, and dany bac She replaces Maijoiie Case, who ’ ’
teriology Geneial Agiicultuie will include soil management, field ciops, oichaid and garden ciops, faim poultiy flocks, faim machineiy, farm organization, maiketing faim pioducts, feeds and feeding,
and insects and paiasites Dairy Production Prograpi
Students enioiled in Animal Husbandry will study beef, hoise, swine and sheep pioduction, livestock breeding, pastuie and foi age ciops, diseases and paiasites, livestock marketing, oiganization of the live-
Mis G R Thointon, piesident of stock faun Dairy Pioduction will the YWCA Advisoiy boaid, con- include instruction in dany faimsisted of formulating the needs of mg, legume and gras crops, feeding the University students, learning of d^'iy cattle, maiketmg dany piodthe organization and workings of ucts, diseases of dany cattle, faim the YWCA, and oigamzmg the stu- mechanics, dany mdustiy, testing
was mairied last July Her classes are in bowling, aichery, tennis and
field hockey.
YWCA Cabinet Members Hold Retreat At Delphi Cabinet members of the YWCA held then annual retreat at Camp Tficumseh, neai Delphi, last Satur-
day and Sunday
The discussion sessions, led by
legislation schedule cards at the ticket office m the Fitldhouse Fieshmen will leceive then passports tomorrow by lollowmg the same pioceduie All juniors and seniors who have not yet received then passpoits may call foi them at any time at the Fieldhouse Reserved Seats Instiuctions regarding the ex changing of coupons foi leseivcd seats will be provided foi each stu dent when he receives his passport Reserved seats will be available ioi the Wisconsin, Great Lakes and Indiana football games at a future date A geneial admission basis will be followed foi the Foidham game with students being admitted to the student section on piesentation of then passpoits
dent needs into a tentative plan foi the year’s program Install New Members Saturday evening the activities consisted of a candlelight installation for the new cabinet members. Those installed were Donna Iiion, Shiiley Whiteman, Betty Drake, Lois Caldwell, Maigaret Meltzei, and Joan Woods Geialdine Biyant and Maiy Grace Minklei, not present, are also new cabinet members A morning worship service conducted by Gloria Niemeyei on Sunday closed the letreat Others attending weie Carolyn McCiaiy, Vivian Peteison, Betty Evans, Doiothy Aividson, Viigima Mittendorf, Maithena DuBois Di Viigmia B White and Dean Claie A. Coolidge lepiesented the Univeisity faculty Triton Club . will hold then fiist picnic of the yeai at the WAA Cabin on today Membeis will meet at the Women’s Gym at 5 30 p m and hike to the cabm Following suppei and the legulai business meeting, the club Will letuin to the Gym foi a swim Twepty-five cents will be chfirged to covei the cost of the fopd. Wafer BaHef Practice ' will be held eveiy Wednesday nfteinoon fiom 4 to 4'30 All coeds with si^imming expenence aie inviteil to join the gioup, which is divided into hegimiiiig and advanced ballet
milk and milk pioducts, and dairy bacteriology 1
mm
Debris Picture Schedules Tuesday Night, Sept. 22, in South Bafiroom
Scabbard and Blade
POMM
7:00 7:20
7:40 Zouaves 7:50 FAO Sophs Coop Houses— 8:00 Bivouac 8:10 Ann Tweedale 8:20 Antigonish 8:30 Glenwood 8:40 Novadaie 8:50 Shoemaker
9:00 SCA Board 9:10 Chauncey 9:20 Circle Pines
9:30 Dover 9:40 Kneale 9:50 Luma
10:00 Marwood
10:10 OWen
10:20 Roachdale 10:30 Salisbury 10:40 Wesley Boys 10:30 Westminster
Wednesday Night, Sept. 23, in South Ballroom
7:30 lota Lambda Sigma 7:40 Debate Forensic Managers 7:50 Debate, Varsity 8:00 Debate, Freshman 8:10 Debate, Coed
20 SAE 30 V. C. Meredith 40 Dairy Club 50 Ag. Ed. Society 00 WBAA 10 ASCE, 2nd group
Men please wear coats and ties
ON 2^ SilLE
IPANA 39c NATURCS REMEDY 25523c TUMS , 10c NORlfO For Rhouimt sm ind No i ti5 Pa ns req izn 93c N0X2EMA SKIN CREAM /5c lar ^9c ONE A DAY vitamin TABS A & D 49c B Complex 44c PACKER S TAR SOAP lirgo ciko 23c PACQUINS HAND CREAM 50c nr 39c PARKER QUINK Conta ling Solv x 2 GZ 15c PEBECO TOOTH POWDER 25c PENETRO Sc.lve w th Mittoi Suet Basel 25 c 3oc 60c PENETRO INHALER 25c PENETRO NOSE DROPS 2 Drop Rcl af 25c 50c $1 00 PEPSODENT ANTISEPTIC giait s zt' 59c PEPSODENT 50 tuft TOOTH BRUSH 47c PEPSODENT TOOTH POWDER la go s zc 39c PEPTO BISMOL—For upset ston ich 10 oz 89c PERTUSSIN For Ciuqhs economy SI c 89c PHILLIPj MILK OF MAGNESIA Larg tcon imy s ze PINCX COUGH SYRUP 54c POND S DRY SKIN CREAM 49c sue 43c POjLAM tor Itchnq Ski i 49c Boid^d PRO PHY kAC TIC TOOTH BRUSH 47c PYREX band NURSING BOTTLES 8 oz 20c RESINOL OINTMENT—TOILET SOAP ANTI COLIS NIPPLES for 27c NIPPLES (No 37 o No 59) 3 fo 25c SARAKA rOR CONSTIPATION SEAL COTL Liquid I li I Protector 25c SERUTAN For Real Const pation Rcl of 4 Ot 49c Foi Stmptonatic Cold Rcl "I 666 PRODUCTS size 25c SMITH BROS COUGH SYRUP large s ze 49c S S S TONIC Appet /or Sto nach c 99c STANBACK Heidicho Powders 25c size T9c STEARNS ELECTRIC PASTE ) oz $1 00 ■> O’ 35c TAMPAX (Tht Irqnal Tampo 10 s 31c TEEL Liqii d Dcntiilico (Non Abrisivo) la qo -0 39c TEK Tooth r Lsh 50c qual ty 29c THERMOS B aid Vacuun Bolt os TOUSHAY I otioi 50c size 43c fUEFY Molt It otant Nurs nq Dottles 2 fo 25c VERD A RAY 40 M itts to 100 Witts oich 25c VICKS INHALER For Create Bieithng Comfort 27c VICKS VAPORUB To Rc, I cve M so y of ColcL 27c VICKS VA TRO NOL 24c VIMMS 50r size FREF with Laigo Size $1 69 VITAMINS Plus Ftll 9 Days Supply 75c WILDROOT WITH OIL oOc zc 47c WOODBURY BEAUTY CREAMS 39c ZONITE ANTISEPTIC 6 oz 47c U S WAR STAMPS 10c 25c 50c $1 00 $5 00
BUY ECONOMY SIZES
DROG STORE Next to {he Post Office 305 State St Phone 4095
POMM Debris pictuio Tuesday Sipt it 30 p m in the bouth bnlhoom of th Uiiin Tull unifoim -with blouse ami S mi Browne belt lequiicd All pledjreb should attend ^ —JACKSON Scabbard and Blade Debris pictuie will be t ’ 1 liusii> cveninjj it p m in the uth ballio< m of the Unim Eiciyone bo tluie it\ full uniform with hloubes
Eawbon H C l(evy J I istci
in^houbc
O V MeVey P H Macqueene E H M inp: A Mnftin C Moody J K Moore G Mordoh R A Morns C J Mounbcy r li Mowc R K Mulford R V Myers 3-1 Natlee P R Nevhanscr D M Newman N E Nickolotr C Palmer W Pozer W K Pnee D Rodptrs T Ruaik T Rudasics S Rudasics R II Schultz W A Se iborji: F D Scwaril J U Shot maker G Sodulinr W Starck N Steshko J Strawbridsfc N A Tamm R I Icwksbuiy I J liipak R S Viulo J G Veir T Wallaci W I WeinkavL Fd Wells R Willey R R WiDi Harrv Wilson H L Witz J E Wojeiechowbki W Wooden
^ G Young J Zehiing
—SANDERS
Police The following report at the south cabt balcony of the Fieldhoube on Wednes
da> Siptcmber 21 at 4 00 p m
H I Allen G P Aicher C Armstrong A M Arnold W D Bancker R Barnard R W Biddle Bob Britt W T Buikhardt 1 E Burger T Chincwicz I N Claseman D Colgsito V Davis I H Ev im W Fmston W Fields P E Friend G Giaham D Gricninj, I E Grimm V Hanbcl J Hirdmg P Heidkt T W Hinncr C J
IIipp H H Holfman A Hoover
Toe Inman C Jae|eson J Jennings A Jfntbch S Kaibii F H Kinder Fred Kiumpe W L Tcifhcit C Locke N E Muoziek Gh IS E Martin J H Martin M Matovm i A C Menko E W Misselh(rn R MitcheJl R J Myers D Nettci lieim R Ostiande^ L R Peirson S Rayics T Rtser R W Sehcrmerhoin H R Sehmidt R Stettnor J Stucker F M limm I J Voight P Werry I Wilson
C R Wltsman C W Wright
—SANDERS
Head Usjters The following report at the southeast balcony of the Fieldhouse on Wed nesdav September 23 at 4 00 p m L W Azpcll L D Bechtol C E Bow man P W Case J M Davib W H Gietz D B Hope W T Kay H L Kend ill R W Ifutwilcr i B McClelland C 7 Marek C I Mayfield C O Mock F E Schnct/lei M B Scott T E Shclbui nc I O Slate 1 L Steckcl I W Thomas II O rhimpson W W Woirella M J
Yohalem
—SANDERS Poultry Club Ihere will bo a picnic on Thuisdiy September 24 All will meet at bouih end of Intramural Field at I 30 to pla> softball Roast chit ken dinner will ho seivel in the Peultij Pa\iIion at 6 p m I ree to freshmen 25e to others
BOOKER
Ceres Special meetinj, Wednesdo Sept 23 in loom 303 of the Union at 8 p m —llmaster
R B Liv at the supply oftiee tn the Skull and Crescent Meeting tomortsV night at 7 30 P m tn rqom 304 of Union —KING Zouaves t Debris picture Tuesday, Sept at 7 30 p m m the south ballroom df the Union Winter uniform with blouse shomd bt worn Bast semester pledges should m port to* room 236 of the Union by 7,20
p pi to put op Zouave
Scabbard and Blade No white shirts inll hi wbrn tor the Uebris piStiire TiifeSdhy evening The meeting Wednesday evening
has been postponed one
JVAA Tennis All intere/Jted ip epteilpDi luini', tournament should report three practices to the Head of Tennis by Friday
—•JVUNDEUV
Yopng People s Society of the UpfUd Brethicn Church There will he h meHlfig Wednesday night Sept 23 Meet ip West lounge of the Union tor transportaU^to church —UNCATHpB Chnstiap Science Organisation: Regular meefibn tonight at 7 30 in ^oopi Of the Union —WAT^
Classified Ads
Wanted—Student with experience In radio service work with time available to act as shop assistant Phone 4900 The roster Shop Typewriters Repaired AJI makes Work guaranteed Rates reasonable ‘ Monty Montana Wesley Boundation, 486 State Phone 6076
For SalcPhonc 6996
-Matched set Wilson golf club. Ask tor Nick
distinguished l ist in 20th
tury Fox’s ‘ 1 he Pied Pipti ” an intiiiung stoM ot (i\c childien and a courageous man in breathless flight from the dieadcd Gestapo The him opens at the 1 af ay cite
Iheatie todai
b im 13io\% nt luUs
SPENCER
Delta Hho Kappa tember 22 it > p Union
(.tinj., T.uo'sflay Sep in loom 30) of che DWIS
L
Scabbard and Blade An import int meet ini, imH be held Wcdncsdiy evening in the Unit n building it 7 30 p m Ihe n w p] di- s will be ehtstn Ihis is i stab nuetinj SPl NCER Purdue I ngiiiecr Sophs Debris pietuie tf be tikei u ({fee Tiusdiy Sept ^2 it 1 1 m PI 1 1 nn 1 YOUNerBEOOD Purdue I ngineer Juniors Debris pieturob \\ 11 b \l Ll n Piet at I 1 nv Wednesdiy Stl 3 \OUNGBrOOD
social fialciniU, aunoun
the election ol the lolloMin, offi ceis president Joe DaMson, xiee piesident Tom Thiele, secielaiy, A1 Gooch leh, t casuiei Jesso Wiight, house nianagei, Jim Zieg lei social than man VeiiiUoiton, pledge tiainei, A1 Hegeman, coi ic'-poiiding seerelai 5 Coni ad Gaunt, rush chaiimin Ait (hiist'v, athletic managei, Fo-itci G uikei
PIA Worker*’ 1 W Inesdiv
M ting in Union ofTici it ij ht Imiioitirt B< thtie
SI El PER
All Senior PSL s Imp rtant me tin^ ti liu d > S I I it 30 I m in noii -t I (.1 tl UiiDi z\Uet d nice i tu ted -KNAPP
SAL Debris pictuies will be tak n Wed n s 1 ly Su t 2 3 tt 8 30 p m in the s)ulh ballioom of the Union All members ind piosptetive mtmbers please be piescnt —SAVERY Registration Workers Students who worked for th( legistiai during fill term regibtuit t mav obtain then checks by edllinr, at the legistrais office
STONE
Vocational Conference Committee There will be i meeting it 4 p m Wednesday in the AWS >ITiee - McCOUCH SCA Bo ird Ktgulii board m etinj lues d i> bept ^0 it 7 30 p m Notiee the com m nts Kguding SCA jiictur s it ) p m liKsfliv S pt 22 Ihe ujului luesdiy b< rd m liiig will not b h Id due 1) the Debris pietuies but the 1 uesd iv 20 meeting will be in itb steal Pie ise be prompt —MOGAVERO
Money to loan on diamondB watches guni', luggage typewriters Albert a 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding Macnines all sold, rented repaired and purch&sed Mimeograph work done C J EbereholT, 605 Main, l^fayette Phone 2779 WiU pay cash for any old or new jised bicycles Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern at Columbia Lost—A bl ick and silver Sheaffer pencil with initials DAS Reward Call 8413 Room 3313 Lost—Liberty bicycle Left Sept 10 in front of Cary Hall Southwest Phone 8421 Reward Leroy Ruck Lost—Gabardine raincoat red wool scaif in pocket Reward Phone Ruth Frier 751JB1 Carrier Wanted—Apply at Exponent office or phone 3053 Ask for Klouman
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
SUBSCRIBE NOW!
0ml. WUaa, jcul Sa&wl
DIVE SEMESTER
TWO SEMESTERS
MAILED AVYWHERE
5L75
'iFur lliK in Caiii[ms, City, and Wnrid IVews
THE
HEAD EXPDiVElVt
Yum Eiiiiipus Fapur Flioiiii 4U05
if